Most common words for this cluster:
[('sister', 457), ('brother', 368), ('cousin', 153), ('mother', 147), ('son', 145), ('brothers', 115), ('daughter', 94), ('cousins', 80), ('sisters', 79), ('father', 78), ('uncle', 71), ('aunt', 57)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'mother', 0.8660518527030945), (u'sister', 0.8481184244155884), (u'daughter', 0.8479325771331787), (u'son', 0.8455656170845032), (u'brother', 0.8435187339782715), (u'father', 0.8374842405319214), (u'niece', 0.828461766242981), (u'aunt', 0.8212078213691711), (u'cousin', 0.8155130743980408), (u'uncle', 0.8062430620193481)]





@khqrightnow I heard them making announcements trying to find them. The mother looked so worried. 
Is just loving the fact that it is 3:30 in the a.m. and my lil daughter will not go back to sleep!!! 
just back from asda with my sons girlfriend. going to see dad in hospital later 
@CathySavels oh, no  I've been there as well... the brother of one of mine, but I still see him sometimes around where I live 
am sad my sister and niece have gone away 
Oh no, my server has just died  support (e.g. brother-in-law) are onto it though
ready to go to my cousins...at five...its now 14:22 
Looks like #1 son may have to have surgery  -- this really sucks.
we just get home a few minutes ago, and my girlfriend and brother are playing rockband, 
absolutely adoring my son!! He's growing up too fast though 
@showbiz_cousin is this unemployment related? 
I just burst my grandsons balloon and now he won't speak to me 
My sister and the kids left this morning. 
they never play mcfly or jonas brothers on the radio 
Whatever my mother is cooking, it's making me retch 
@iAmViTTo lol woops sorry my sister ate what i left over for you  x
watching stepbrothers. yay! still sick though 
@MDSteelerGal I want to buy shoes today  I had brunch w/my sister, my cousin @tysreflections &amp; a few girlfriends so I'm sleepy now.
on my way to becky's wedding... byebye sister 
i pray my child doesnt have drug addiction like his father once had  ..
at my brothers grave.. 
I am a terrible daughter 
Sometimes its hard to drop my son off. . . 
Misses the cousins 
I want to go biking with my brothers 
Just Chillen by myself while jenna is hagin with her brother up stairs 
@Teach77 awww is her son okay   what happened
going to my brother's taekwondo performance. It's so hooot there..i can't hardly breathe 
My brother doesn't understand the beauty of headbanging. So sad 
http://twitpic.com/3l467 - the Uzz  brothers did not sign my cd 
Chilling but worrying about my mother who is sick 
@alely_noemi you know it should have been your sister to save you, not the security guards....  *hugs*
@modamouth - def my situation son son. 
IF the reports are correct..that father of the Slmudog actor trying to sell his daughter...good grief. 
Just tried walking in her bride maid's shoes for my sister's wedding.. and i'm 6 ft 2 in them! Owwwiee, heels are so painful! 
pretty sure i just ruined any chance of having a good relationship with my brother and his future wife. i wish i were joking.   
being bullied by my little sister 
My sister is spreading lies and propaganda about me 
7yr old son now better at putting together lego models than I am 
up wayy too early for a sunday  stupid father daughter time!!
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3l9e5 - my sunglasses were EXACTLY like yours, but my mother broke it. 
missing my sister - tears 
And outside and also washing clothes, n also waitn for my son to come over so I can say goodbye 
Aww my cousins are gone! It's peaceful now...I miss them already 
went and saw my cousin bailey he is two but he was sleeping 
@michelewong don't worry, my sisters are mean to me too 
@tamferguson_x heeeeeeeeeey, i'm stacey's sister  lol, how are you ?
@scotters I'm really sorry to hear about your father 
trying to make my youngest sleeping 
my brother is moving up the coast 
@milliemagsaysay byee camille  i still envy your cousin :|
I feel like I sold my brother down the river and I feel like I'm always to blame 
My mother asked me what teabagging was. 
@coollike my sister just went to thorp park 
i had an eventfull weekend  sister her  boyfriend, mother drama...
My son just peed on me. And...I had just gotten dressed. 
has a lovley boyfriend, just had a knoll centenary, been catching up with cousins, holidays are almost over 
Wishing our boys were home! I dont want my son going back over there 
I miss my grandfather. 
'S mother is not going to let him drive to prom 
Going back to bed, since my youngest was up sick.  
@EvanPokroy I feel jipped  my older brother still gets to blame them for everything 'wrong' with him.....but I cant. *whine*
didn't sleep...getting ready then going to my grandmother's funeral 
And as I said to my cousin, they are going to have to admit me if this doesn't end soon. 
@fcsmarzo I miss my cousin. 
chillin with my sister, really irritated by that someone whose in all my classes! 
mother son of a bitch!!!!! 
@amazingphoebe what did you and the father fight about?  i want you tooo 
waiting for my uncle to come.  
Off to the hospital to visit my uncle... not really looking forward to it, or sure how I feel 
Is mooooving to the iiiisland! but can't find her grandmother's ring 
@TXBrad your mother will always be rememberd 
I am now back at my grandparents' and I'm super tired 
My grandfather is losing it I think. He thinks his roomate has been replaced by an axe murderer who is trying to steal his gold. 
My brother called and I missed it. 
at the daddy-daughter dance rehearsal, sans daughter. she's sick 
sisters are just so0o0 evils ometimes  sigh...i miss you dhivya!!!
@mattpro13 do you not like the jonas brothers? 
@mileycyrus i miss my cousin 
my aunt took my ipod and still hasn't given it back  ugh! give it back, right now!
I missed the jonas brothers show  I know I'm a complete dork but I really wanted to see it! I'm sure my 5 year old niece did. ahaha.
has a very funny younger brother. is really homesick now 
i just tryed kicking my brothers but in gh but i failed horrible 
My sister has tonsilitis. 
@Broooooke_ noooooo  i was on bradies myspace, and theres a pic that says my son drew this for me which means his got a gf or wife 
ack i cant find the link to 5 brothers a million sisters 
i miss my cousins 
i am annoyed that the mother deleted britains got talent 
Just brought my mother and sister to the airport 
I got all excited thinking I saw an alien...it was my sister 
...one minor over look caused me to miss my mother  _ at least I spoke to her &amp; can go back to sleep!!! : D
@jakehh i miss big brother so much as well 
aww i just read the story about miley's brother, it's sad 
@caittlynnn my brother has it on 
i whish my uncle and my aunt would come to nordhorn to celebrate with us ! they live so far away 
I miss my mother 
i want to go to the jonas brothers concert, but a cant  very very upset.  
R.I.P. uncle paulie and bill... you will be missed....  XoXo SnOw oXoX
@lipstickmom36 so sorry to hear about your neighbors son 
he might be my nieces dad/potential brother in law...but hes a WANKER  GRRRRRRRRRR
Bestfriend just left  probably cleaning, then grandma's with my brother?
;laksdjf;lsadf. cousin isn't going to temple  this is going to be so incredibly boring.
@chrispople I am a bad mother 
just saw the adorable puppy my cousin is getting, I'm so jealous! 
oh no just heard david cook's brother died 
Off to buy new shoes.....unfortunately they are for my son and not me!   LOL
aww david cook's brother passed away from brain cancer  wishing you the best, david!
awww I just read david cook's brother died 
I'm sad david cook's brother died 
Also, my sister can hardly talk and she's coughing. 
my nephew makes me want an ease daman jr. 
@junesummers omg... where are you...... I need a big brother that's not sooo busy 
being pissed offf at my brothers gf!! 
I'm with my pricess sister 
is in the hospital again.  watching my nephew take pictures of everyone..
@scenteddemented My sister snuck one out of the caf for my birthday when she was a sr ('03) and my dad saw it in the kitchen and ate it 
My cousin sister wants to borrow my dearest blouse for her speech test at school.  argh.. let it be then.
I lost my sister 
@PurseBlog inbelievable . . .  freak accident  he's a young trainer w/ a wife and 2 children I think my friend said.
@masucci I'm sorry to hear about your cousin. 
is in taber cause my uncle died  i miss him
@justiniiams Basically like the brother I never had 
Feeling like a terrible mother 
@scoobydoo_211 yes, I feel bad about it, and all what i got here is my brother 
I am a bad mother today-'playing' with my daughter involves taking my laptop outside while she plays 
just played basketball with my cousins. is so freakin' hot! but while plaaying, we talked about the cook's lost 
i want to dye my hair into light brownish. but i'm pretty sure my sister or my mom won't let me..sigh 
son 1 is crying because his dad has gone to work and he wanted him to stay here 
feel sad when i was reading nadia chan's blog about her grandfather, which reminded me about my grandmother 
i read in e online that david cook's brother died because of brin cancer  .
@Steviiexo The whole page was full of ur gassness, mother is not givin me one  sadtimes. x
currently rather frustrated, flipping mother is annoying (i was good and said flip instead of swearing ) and mediaconverter not working 
Just had the doctor to the house, my son has tonsillitis. 
: kilimanjaro fundraiser climb seems unlikely, another brother has dropped out 
@BenCasablancas but you're not my father  :p
@car4dave nawww i can handle my family. it's the son of god! he got the wrong idea and rebuffed an advance that wasnt there. 
i hate fighting with my sister it makes me feel like such an awful person 
@Angelamonique so sorry sister! I wish I could 
I think my dad's girlfriend is changing my dad and its killing our relationship. 
worried about her  brother J
Thinking about my son. I miss him so much 
@jessiemona lol i feel u he or she might want a brother or sister 
They're serenading my cousin. Aww where is @richiedigs? 
i wish i could be home with my mother and grandmothers 
@MoBostock I didn't even hear from my eldest daughter  but I really didn't want them to bother...but they did anyway yay!!
I was hear a bad news from my mom that my cousin was fallin' down from his motorcycle. I feel pitty with him 
http://twitpic.com/4wm9r - Honestly, I'm jealous...daughter &amp; mother moment. 
why is the latest brothers &amp; sisters ep not on my virgin catch up yet? buggered up my morning 
haven't given my mum her present yet, my sister fell asleep. i think my mum reckons we didn't get her anything. i feel bad 
i wish i had my mother... huhuhuhu 
Just took my brother to the airport 
my mother is far far away 
school stuff!!! ugh  then going to see auntie &amp; cousins
My sisters are gone 
My mom is all upset today because my brother is all fucked up. I really wish I could be there. 
I have to cook dinner for me and my sister  I have no idea what to make and I can't cook.
Just finished talking to my cousin. I miss them. 
@GeejaMae that's maddd  I'll say some prayers hun, worked for my mum x
I miss my niece and nephews 
I am a horrible daughter. 
@McDayDreamer ister, and 6 year old brother. 
I am a terrible daughter... 
super sad realizing i'm the one guilty of messing up my plans with my sister.  i suck 
back from grandparents house(: crampsss suckkk monkeyyyy ballssss. 
@ryohakkai being like what. is your brother who embarrass 
my sister is more mad at me , and she wants me to delete the pikachu pictures she found, I dont like having sis mad at me 
man.... I really wish I had a date for my cousin's wedding. 
my mother still won't let me go to the two davids' concert. how heartbreaking. 
@RosieReaper :l what a horrible mother 
wishing i was a brother from the dwarf 
my sister is totally getting on my nerves 
@SharonRohr... a classmate of my brothers...  17 y/o... motorcycle accident cops were all over my neighborhood... very sad!!!
stressed about his aunt 
@raptorleigh I have no brother 
I don't want my sister to go back 
I forgot my own mother tongue and cannot translate English to proper well worded German 
Dropping my daughter off   grandson came by . . . what a good night
Just talked to my younger sister on the phone...I miss her 
my ego is crushed  brother &amp; sister i guess.
@Seanathen daaaang son I miss you but I'm leaving right now 
my brother-in-law leaves to go back to iraq on monday 
fckr i miss karebear so much  her cousin is coming over tomorow, yeeyuh
  i miss my brother.. i worry about him.
 i want a brother
@chigerboi you mean to say i have a sister  ))))))))
Sleeping and missing my sister. 
My mama, sister, and neice are leaving today. It makes me sad.        I wish them a safe road trip.
My niece can burp the alphabet. I am SO jealous! I'm not THAT talented 
@RealWorldMom my son never had that smell 
my brother still ignores me -.- i hate this  and i don't know why (((
iamdiddy awww i'm so sorry for your sister 
http://twitpic.com/5d3vc This is what my son looks like after the fight with his brother yesterday.  At least his nose isn't broken.
I miss my grandmother 
@girljungle ooooooo.... I'd be pissed off too if my neighbor did that. 
My sister just ran over a butterfly 
my brother is missing. 
At my uncles...love my cousins hate my uncles and aunts 
Wishing my brother didn't feel so sick 
@Kikirowr with more than a half dozen of his brothers and sisters. some of them didn't make it. 
Not much freedom with my father sound 
my sister pissing me off with armenian techno  
It's finally beginning to hit me. I really do miss the seniors so much. I've now lost big brothers and sisters who mean the world to me. 
i love my sister from another mister!!! i miss her 
Guys, my sister needs prayers. She's got pneumonia 
at home.  my brother and my sister left me with my younger sister and went to batangas!  im not happy about it! &gt;
Taking my little sister to the doctor   http://twitpic.com/5ewrt
Missing desperate housewives  but happy birthday to my sister! 20! She's old now haha
missing my brudda  loving my nephews
Working on itnewb and missing his beloved sister 
trying to rehome my brothers cat 
my mother is going to barcelona and is not taking me! gutted. 
mother have finished yelling me, haix 
I love my husband more then anything in this world and is saddened by my brother in law threats... 
@farruska no .. father ... again 
UUUURRRRGGGGGHHHH .......!!!!! some mother's children, i tell u .... 
@carnalis ah. How sweet. I don't think my husband has ever done something like that with our son. He was waiting for him to grow older. 
Borrowing my cousin's speakers. But he's too selfish to lend it. 
got up early to take my niece to the doc.....she has to have a shot 
I was very young when my grandmother died.  She never knew me, and I never got to know her either.
gone to lena's  ...how boring...but i may see my favorite aunt and uncle and their chewauhah....  ...
@kyleelane any thoughts on how my sister can get her etsy sales up she is discouraged. 
I wish I could stop stressing about/for my mum. This is a horrible situation for anyone to be in, let alone my wonderful  mother 
@TRACTAHPULL @ lizamtl gets ALL the attention. She's your favorite sister 
Pnald dosen't know my birthday! What kind of brother are you? *cries* I'm so hurt! 
had a nice weekend, though it ended very sadly with the passing of my stepmother's father 
i got 2 big sisters, 1 of them loves me, the other is acting different 
@megnreed probably not dear cousin 
My brother doesn't love me 
sunyi sepi. pasal my sister is not around.  http://plurk.com/p/vfd3s
why am i always ill? i need to be in barbados wid my sister 
my aunt just txted me n said 'dont worry, are you going anyway?' guilt trip 
I miss my brother 
i wish i have a brother 
at the grandparents(:  poor beccy 
@iriissx3 I know!  He's like meant to be a brother.
thinking of my sister and stepfather today  
heading to my cousin's funeral 
@xOFFSETx uncle died! He was my great uncle, he fell and hit his head 
@TheLindsayLohan Aww the sister pic is so cute!  I'm an only child.   It was boring.  I always wanted a sibling.
@alwaysrecycle my stepdad. 
MY!  That is so cute!  It also seems totally normal and harmless.  I have a nephew, lil older now. But sadly, I don't get to see him much 
@BRENCALDERON i want to meet my nephew so bad! 
I miss my brother and my sister 
 mike tyson's daughter.
@andilley not even your sister will see you walk 
i miss my sister 
My aunt and uncle just arrived from philadelphia! I am loving my nails except one of my toes got messed up! 
thinks Jade's mother is mean 
I'm pretty exhausted from dealing with my drunk mom and sister. 
 my great grandmother died. i couldnt even see her before she died 
 my sister is a douchebag
I can't sleep. I can't find my grandmother's quilt or locket. I'm sick at myself cause I may have lost them somehow. Or they were stolen 
i want to go to singapore but my mother seems not 
My brother just woke me up to help him with his homework. I'm not happy 
Enjoying the nice couple dad with my brother to bad we never really see each other anymore... 
@ApDiggles He's my mother's favorite. It was so hard telling her. 
Just watched hella home movies with my aunt and uncle. I miss the days where our whole family got along 
@OXtravaganza it was only once for my big brother...and I'm done now 
@marginatasnaily the wives aunts 40th 
i failed at cutting and peeling the mangoes  hah. it was weird trying and my father did it like it was nothing.
@murphyusa why aren't you following me you bastard?! you're my own brother... 
I miss my cousin so much 
@stargirlreads i cantttt.  my grandparents are here.
@WerewolfSeth i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
@Twisuz  i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
@la_maestrada: i agree about tw, me and my cat have been watching full housse, sabrina the teenage witch and sister sister re-runs 
just found out that my husband's grandma fell down the stairs &amp; is at the hospital with several broken bones...praying hard! 
she made my sister cry too hahah. bless her.  i hope she can do it again.
@chevelleluv p.s. sorry about ur uncle 
My brother is planning on moving to vietnam and staying there forever.. 
my little sister told me i have a double chin  aww
I wish my sister lived near me 
My uncle isn't coming after all 
My grandparents cat may die... I love that cat. I swear if he goes... / / / 
@TattedHairGuy I'm sorry to hear about your uncle. I hope you're okay! 
At my cousins wake 
my sisters fucking pc, just blued screened me 
@iheartmc I'm sorry sister!!  just think you get to see your man in a bit! That should make you happy. You guys should call me tonigh
@KDVCashville omg that was my twin sister's fav song 
im hangin out with my cousin holly and tlkin 2 my grandparents.......  my phone went dead
Off to my lil sisters  graduation...they grow up so quick 
@Atashas your sister would ! hahah thats so funny !! i thought you liked them 
@SuFiSammy lol my brother, my brothers friends, my parents.  like we cant date 
My cousin lost my sock 
lord, more family drama.  my cousin is too much like me for his own good.  I hope his mother works this out with him.  
my husband's mother passed away this afternoon.  
My sister just got back from 6flags. She failed to buy me a big fuzzy hat. 
my brother is mad @ me because I didn't get him an ice cap on my way home!!  he says im not a good sister :'(
just said goodbye to her cousin who is leaving for the marines 
dip shit of a brother is annoying the hell out of me 
I get so sad when I'm leaving my brothers place and my niece starts crying because she doesn't want me to leave! The face she makes . . . 
is worried about my grandfathers condition 
@MarcyRubin i mean....i am so concious of it all yet cant get over the guilt of feeling like its my fault my son is bipolar... 
@lowrenlolz I tried cuddling with your daughter and she rejected me 
I miss my sister 
@sickathanavg know how that goes. How old is your son? I have baby fever. I get it every spring  my nephew has given me the worst case.
@djnappi you got the boot son... 
Just found out my favorite cousin got married and i didnt even know about it 
@saraleal i miss my sister!!! 
My sister left and now my brother is leaving me. I feel so alone. 
where is my brother at?.. 
I wish I had italian in me like my eldest sister 
Looking at the cousin's senior pics and they are really good. I never had any taken when I was a senior. 
i miss my sister and my baby nephew... they move out again..... 
@vintagepolka her cousin's son passed away in an accident.. 
My brother got his update for his G1 and I ain't got shit 
@PinksTwitFans im getting pulled shoping with my mother 
@rsuenaga my daughter took the clear wire to her dad's house so I guess ill have to do it later 
Going out now before my cousins come round,  I really dislike those two! 
my sister eat my chrinchie 
My sister's just changed our plans 
@KimCattrall my son still has a fever...sucks 
@footrub  yay! my sister always tells my to shut up  then she pokes my really hard and it hurts D:
another update on my evil sister, shes had her smiley done 
@XeniaCarone my sister had birthday yesterday and I slept at my friend but we didn't sleep enough I am so tired  what have you done?
All stress  a party for my daughter an my son has a fever.
My son woke up crying. I can't make him feel better no matter what I do 
I miss my brothers and sister!!!!  they were amazin!!!
ah, duty calls my friends. I shall return and tweet later, mother is yelling at me 
My sister just woke me up by stabbing me with a pen...now I`m grumpy and can't get back to sleep 
Oh dear, a second cousin of mine, in scotland, apparently got shot in the stomache! 
Wishinq I was with my Biq sister  iMh x3
@thedevilslair I'm sorry you're still sick  I'm better, but that's because my uncle is an othorhinolaryngologist
My sister went sky diving without me 
My mother just told me I was mean! 
Cleaning up the table with my brother. 
About to go pick up this amoxicillin for my daughter 
my brothers are all in the park mhurling!!!! i wish i could go outside 2 
@megannmaccx33 mother is unable. 
@brodyeatslava i do. Actually. I dont  bc mother nature hates me and cheyenne
my brothers are all in the park hurling!!!! i wish i could go outside 2 
My 95 yr old aunt just pasted away  will travel to olympia)
:O my  brothers   got a mcdolands and not me 
Visiting my grandfather at the hospital 
missing my sister-in-law 
@benotto I wish my sister would do that 
talking to la crystal and wishing i could get some tamales from her mother... 
I want my husband to come home  But my parents are coming up tonight to help us move since I'm useless! Thanks, mom and dad!
listening to music might be going somewhere with my mom brother and grandmother woopie 
Awww.my sister wanted to know if we could keep my neice over night.but we cant. 
@CarlGray3 if u see a lil girl holding alex's nephews hand its my neice. take a picture. since i couldnt make it. 
@stephherzz brother nooooo 
.....by my cousin 
On my way to the beach with my best friend and my son ^.^!  The only way it could be better were if my husband were with us  maybe tom ...
Ah my sister is getting a new cat. I am jealous and wish i was there. 
 even the hoff can't bandaid the scar left by diversity winning and not the father son dancey team.
Giving away my sister at her wedding...can I get her back ? 
finish washing clothes and mother and sister left. miss them already. 
when fathers sleep their sons can't shower... 
Oh no... Not big brother... Another show that I despise which others will obsess over 
@gheorgia My father was busy to take me there 
@afo amen to that, sister 
is so very worried about my mom and my older brother 
My brother ( @nick3580) jus sneezed on me and I got all wet!!!! 
i really miss my cousins 
@SophieLee_xo i told my brother too. but he wont  lmfao.
in bed thinking about how much i miss my sister 
I completely forgot to say goodbye to my cousin/godfather and i feel so bad 
bored. watching my nephews. 
I miss my brother 
@charlestrippy I don't thinlk all cops are like that...at least I hope not. If they were, I'd be extremely dissapointed in my aunts 
is about to go to a hotel with my sister .... might be the last time i see her and my neice and my mimi....  crying really bad
@lilmel101 that sux...  I haven't been to a church since my sister got married thankfully..
i miss my auntie she's dead 
@KiraVonSutra I am so sorry to hear about your sister  I hope she feels better soon!
@AnyUrge I payed 5hundred &amp; change &amp; my brother who's a mechanic said they didn't do what they told me 
missing my puppy   he's at aunt lisa &amp; uncle ryan's for the weekend and it's so weird not having him around!
I can't upload the pictures from my brother's graduation 
hey! thats my brother! hey, brother!......I'm bored 
My son is being deported  
I stopped following my sister @kathresa because she never tweeted... but she started and I MISSED her!  A lesson learned.
I'm a spurs fan and so is my family, except my little brother  http://twitpic.com/6bazg
@mileycyrus i really really really miss my brother too  but mines not in japan haha.
i love you uncle denny 
Awww I hate when I make my sister mad at me 
Leaving now. Wish I could have stayed longer but my sister in law just got up and walked out. 
@DreadfulDesigns My sister thought he was a one-legged frog 
Wish I knew what it felt like to have a father that actually seems to care about you 
Looking 4 my son 
I miss my boyfran, bestfran, brother, and Cuffbff! 
@jordanbartowski HAHA, well, it's not me, sadly! Last night with the sister &amp; her fiance, so I can't go anywhere. 
I want a big brother 
I miss my cousins. 
is aduh the sister malaaass  http://plurk.com/p/xbvmt
@AdamBMusic Wow! I tried to get my brother to read #ontd but he refuses. 
@domomo I wish!.. just had to drop my sister off 
ugh, my brothers are completely out of their minds.  i can't believe i put my parents through all of it, too.  i was a terrible daughter. 
My sister won't take me to maccas 
I wanna be with my sister in vegas looking at all the lights  missin my sister if u didn't guess
I miss my sister 
@Stormb441 feel sorry for your daughter I am very allergic to mosie bites too 
Taking my sister to the airport 
one of my bestest friends, (who i hardly ever see anymore  )has just given birth to her second child, her second daughter)
haha i was forced to! it was terrrrrrrible (N)  i'm hungry, mother didn't cook me dinner.
hvnt been on in ages  cousins comunion yesterday was in a limo 2 my brother staved my fingers earlier nd my internet keeps breakin
I miss my mom and sisters already. 
my son grandparents have officially left to live in north carolina..didn't think it would affect me like this. (sad 
cousin just died 
misses her auntie and uncle so much, i've literally never hurt so badly 
darn my cousin left me 
Oh the joy of being yelled at by mother... 
my baby brother is the sweetest boy alive! I almost cried yesterday when i had to leave him...  ...
...but he was my brother's. D: that's really sad 
i really miss my cousins 
I think my brother really really damaged my big toe... 
my cousins are leaving 
My brother hates me ugh  almost cried ESOTSM;
just got back from a lecture by big brother 
@zabbs running my mother around 
well, to get my brother and then come back. gahh! I want to see my aunt  but I don't like the idiot that lives across the street.
My brother gave me rig burn 
my sister is going to die from sadness she is crying so hard cause nadal lost i am so sad for her 
Just found out her cousin will be going to afghanistan. 
one week without my little sister....hallelujah!....if only i could get rid of my baby brother 
@mileycyrus U must really miss trace i would too my closest cousin lives in new york 
i miss playing with my baby brother 
@Marymacstudios As a father I am really shocked to hear some men would say something like that. That's awful.  
@seesheila  that's not right he's a bad bad son
my sister is annoying me. 
first play down one more to go, might be moving in with my aunt in saskatchewan if bill 44 goes through 
Sitting in a car while my brother is at his friends house 
fucking grounded.. i hate my aunts, 
i miss my brother 
my grandmother just passed away. 
my bro went back 2 go 2 work with my uncle 
my sister just graduated... how sad...  i can't believe i'm an only child now.
I hate when my brother gets hurt 
@moodyje2 My aunts ate them all! 
bored to the max now that my cousin and aunt left  drinking out of my new initial tumbler they gave me haha.
can feel my heart braking  had to tell my nephews and sis in law bye...i hate good byes...  
My great aunt just died.    I'm glad she's at peace now though.
@mileycyrus aweh   that sucks / amd wowww mileey your such a nice sister ;) teehe , but its true '' it will make a cool scar '' love you !
@LiamSmurf unfortunately my mother dilly-dallyed insuring it. to say i am heartbroken is too great an understatement 
i lost my mother, daughter, friend necklace! 
My cousins left  but now I'm off to a couple of grad parties :]
@ruberman totally, my brother its mean with me. 
im at my cousins house and my cousin dropped my baby sister kailey... i feel baf 4 kailey... 
@shelbyrude  my parents are buying me a new one. A brother or a singer. I'm going to pick it out tonight and my mo  will order it. Yay
Me and my uncle were punching each other and i got a fat lip  lol
@missalywilliams will be at my cousin's wedding  otherwise I would!
Just found out That a classmate of my brothers died last night 
My baby cousin just asked me if my neighbors playset was mine cause he wanted to play on it. I had to dissappoint him 
cousins bday. 
@ the hospital my cousin was in a bad accident 
I hate bug bites  I'm itching like a mother!!
I miss my little sister. 
sister is very sick, again 
I'm bored.... I am tired and bored... I want to go to town. but my mother left without me... might just sleep longer then pay done bills 
@bibalaboo so cute!!!haha my cousin's one bites 
@amoir Awww... I thought my son was rather cute  
My brother is soooo cute! He's growing up fast 
i'm alone my brothers are gone 
My youngest son has just made the most disgusting smell... 
I'm re-watching this video of @oliviamunn http://is.gd/LneL and I wish she was my sister. I have three sisters and all three are lame.  
is doing her sister`s homework. 
&quot;weblivz i guess son trumps over daughter in law 
@weblivz i guess son trumps over daughter in law 
@heyitscessie ...my grandmother's funeral. 
But what can I do ? So I guess I don't have a brother or niece or nephew   I could careless about my sister in law she started all this !
@tammygolson I wish it was an interview!  The Hamptons, actually. Going to visit my brother.
my sister moved out, didn't even say goodbye 
@tikifreak19 my grandfather used to work for them 
i miss my sister 
I miss my daughter already 
@DanySpike I don't mind. And no he doesn't have any brothers. 
My uncle is comming over soon to say goodbye before he leaves to florida 
@JustcallmeMac I relly hope so, my mother would kill me if I don't pass it 
i miss my cousins 
Dying to see my nephew, born yesterday, but have a cough so have to stay away 
@decor8 I'm so sorry to hear about your grandmother. 
@decor8 I'm so sorry about your grandmother 
@JenJoyner- so very sorry to hear about your uncle 
So I found out my daughter has an ear infection and will have to use a nebulizer 
I cant find my libretto  I put my schedule in it and now it is lost. son of a gun.
i have to give my cousins doctor who dvd back on saturdayy 
At the dentist with my husband's grandpa 
i wish brian was hereeee  the best brother EVER!
http://twitpic.com/6f77g - the nephews first haircut! he looks like a little boy now. no more baby! aww 
the man involved in the crash on 9800&amp;bangerter that died was the father of onr of my daughter's friends  our hearts are broken.
At work depressed  about my brother I will get over it just hurts knowing he feels the way he does about me his own sister 
my stupid stepdad turned it off. 
We've discovered that my little sister is scarred by this http://bit.ly/19jpT9 she's going to have to go to a child psychologist 
I miss her and my sister 
listening to my very cranky son 
At dinner with my brother, my mom, and my two little brothers. Last night i'm gonna be with the older brother 
@SophiaRoxanne i have a sister like that. 
its not fair  rip brother i love u. rest in peace to my big brother/ hero christopher starling. 082384-053109
@BrassyCassy ... I wish I had my sister back. 
@Knaledge609 i am  i feell left out too brah  but i thought u had mad tattoos son
'how i met your mother' makes me sad 
I am going to sleep. cause my stupid sister got me sick. 
wow! my sister is so bad 
sister was just admitted to the hospital...waiting to hear how bad it is 
@autismfamily I wish I could get my son in that!  But it's the wrong cost.  You have to go for it!
I wish I didn't have to go to my sister's graduation 
@OhYesSheModels I'm all out of those... my son had the last one.  
My little brother is jumping on my bed! I don't want him to grow up 
@jonathanrknight 5 brothers and 1 million crying sisters  sad!
@mslindaday That is really sad   you have a son and a daughter?
i miss my brother and sis n law  not to mention my fast growing niece and nephew. wish i was in cali with them
@katersshhzz i never talk to my brother 
@FlowerDust praying for you right now. I'm fighting my sons fever. 
Just dropped a frozen pizza perfectly on my big toe. It hurts like a mother and is definetly going to bruise 
I am officially an organ donor and i think everyone should help save lives...i hope my aunt could get a kidney soon 
Just got back from hospital, brother had to go to the emergancy ward... 
@shaundiviney I wish, my sister wouldn't drive me! 
Another financial dispute with my mother that started with why there is so much washing. I'm sitting on the laundry flore, I feel sick. 
Up early for a package being delivered, wouldn't care but its not even for me, Its for ma brother 
must now go to work  id rather be taken my nephew to play footy with his dad
if my sister doesnt stop vommiting, i will puke myself or die of gagging!!! ahhhhh its so bad!!! 
@TiffanyAnn16 remember how i said i might not be able to go to america i deffo know i cant now, im like an usher at my brothers wedding. 
I don't want a twin sister even she's my bestfriend 
sometimes my sister scares me.....really really scares me 
@CharlotteHomer Haha, it's too hot for me  , need to get ready to see sister and mother!  xxx
@lemonsareyellow Neither do we, my brother ate all the ones I bought! 
@crazymetgirl that is the worst....I have my nephews running up and down the stairs screaming  lol
off to work with my aunt 
@Depond cool you got sisters ive onli got 2 brothers. not alot mostly working  x
Foreva in my heart...grandfather, grandmother, cousin, aunt.. 
@NickyLovesMcFly aww no  its horrible when grandparents are ill x
is sad that her cousins are about to leave 
Trying to sleep but it can't!! Because dad, mom and brother are debate about brother's wedding 
I miss my cousins 
 son asked for a ride and I couldnt take him, cannot drive today  such a bad mother
argue with my mother!! 
My 6yo daughter is empathy-challenged.  It's very disheartening.  
I want my baby god brother 
@missbr0okelin i don't know what to say... hope u'll feel better soon... my father lost his father when he was 13 i know it must be hard 
also, i want my brother back  miss him heaps.
here goes my brother angrily out the door, he slams it! Its my fault, i admit 
I just tripped and landed on my brother's protractor 
mother fuck. its cold. 
http://twitpic.com/6i547 - Lol my sister just got it todayy and i'm bored 
waking up early to bring my uncle back to mississippi so he can go to afghanistan 
@jennywebber I'm with you in sadness, sister 
My cousin just yelled at me 
@mileycyrus, you are the best.  your breakout cd helped me alot.  I just lost a baby brother or sister 
@YungCEO manee i let my cousin cook for me and i feel sick now  geeez hes only 11 lol
Thinking about my aunt's wedding is giving me bad anxiety.  
@supermomcentral agreed! It's so frustrating sometimes. my son has been potty trained for #2 for 1yr now but he refuses to commit to #1 
i dont know what i thing about the jonas brothers :S i feel so down 
@PaigeTJohnson I hate my biological father too 
http://twitpic.com/6imoh - with aunt dess. i miss her 
my daughters mad at me!! 
i fancy this boy but he fancies my twin sister 
I miss my cousins so much!!! 
not that i don't like shopping. i had to go with my annoying cousin. 
missing my cousins srsly 
@EETWiz I don't think so...sad to leave my daughter 
ok so i made a background for my sister and it's soo blur. 
@JusMeLisa  aunty gerrie's brother, my dads brother too 
I love my son ! At worK right now... 
is sad to say goodbye to her mum and sister so soon. 
Finally i was dreaming something and my brother woke me up 
 i got scolded by my mother via skype. told me to go to sleep. doesn't she know by now that her daughter is nocturnal.
@ptolemyalexande long story made short - father abandoned me and brothers, mom lived here, moved here. been here 5 years. save me? 
and everyone has to drive more than 1000 km (over 600 miles) to reach their destination...well grandpa doesn't..but his sister just died! 
has anyone seen my brother's cat  She's lost.
I miss my sister  so much..
are you serious? my stomach hurts like a mother-father 
my sister is in africa she just emailed me  i miss her
My grandmother died. 
ugh! there's no cable in the bedroom  and my brother is roasting a duck.
The oracle suggested that my daughter would grow more powerful than me...I *may* have to eat her when she's born. 
Hanging out with my nephews, then heading out for my little brother's funeral 
R.I.P uncle 
I'mma arrive late to skool thanks to my brother &amp; mother 
@VinceBon I thought I was your youngest... 
I fell off my sisters bed  it hurt tehe
in brackley with my cousin.. 
@xmaox HAHA that would be precious.. but unfortunately he was not the father 
@Jadeskye  I'm sorry to hear about your grandfather!
i really should treat my mother better 
@conkinho noooooo i dont like big brother 
almost ready to depart for my favorite aunt's funeral. kinda sucks I lost my favorite aunt &amp; grandparent first... 
Listening to my sister cry  ha
i'm so mad at my sister. She always blames it on me! 
i dont enjoy arguing with my brother. it just stresses me out more. im upset 
is missing her niece--julianna. 
My brother-in-law just scared me in the fucking hallway! 
@gu_heffner I aint got no gwap son 
#thingsthathurtthemost : hearing my grandmother cry 
@perki i dont have it  @1jh and @kerrysholicar 's sister do tho 
My lil brother is at home 
Just saw a picture of my sister.  She looks just like me!  Does that mean I look like a girl 
i'm worried now for my grandmother 
@blondebass i want a niece and or nephew 
damn rent party cancelled cuz mah dad just got home and then my brother and sister.... 
so my mom asked my brother to put music on in the house, and he chose this random cd of tropical steel drums. really, evan? headache 
sad my sister's husband lost his job 
@romyhughes it has started to suck me in already   That's big brother for you!
yeah i was talking to nao. her sister died recently and now her mum is in hospital  poor kid
@jordandaly big brother is very boring 
@Rojanlovesyou My brother had surgery 
ugh!!! i hate being grounded!!!!!! and my mother is being sooo retarded!  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
@shercole  she looks so sad... i think she misses her owners (my cousins)
I miss my brother 
@beckyscherger aww... i'm so sorry about your grandfather 
Someone kicked my brother in the knee and now i have to take him to the hospital 
my brother is lost the twitteo? 
my aunt passed away 
@MeLaMachinko like i REFUSED to wear shoes with my toes out for maaaaad long! my brother greg would yell yabbadabbadoooooo! 
my brothers fuckin stupid. now he has to move out. now i wont have a brother to kick it with anymore 
@LVMcA hello there, i feel like my mother this technology scares me..! i miss you  xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@Mrkcmo ha my sister calls me deedee ...u made me miss her just now 
My sister told me I wasn't as fun anymore 
My 4yr niece is now bored....asked if she could text.  
my cousins are here boooooo skool is out.... 
not going to the dance babysitting my brother instead! 
Just found out my sister got in an accident  
awlll i miss my brother  he left me for cali hmph
my brother insists i not change the channel on the tv, as he says he is 'watching it', but he was bloody asleep. he is just like my dad 
My nephews are here, and they're not being very good. 60/40. One is 60% good, the other is only being 40% good.  It's not very fun.
For my little brother..he wanted no colors.  http://twitpic.com/6pmdt
I miss my daughter 
i wan hang w/ cousins  oh, and @mtwanger
@NeshiaK nawl I'm not going my grandparents here 
movie night with my sister and the pups, so exciting 
Worring about ym grandmother...She is so sick 
wishes her sister and her daddy were home 
missing my daughters terribly 
Just got off the phone with my sister in law &amp; nephews... They are getting so big &amp; I'm missing out on it. 
Wishing that my brother was right here at home with me playing with his nieces and nephew. 
making my brother's project. 
Still not happy...  hearing the cousins babble. They're funny.
my sisters keeper is SO sad! 
Just now realizing that I may have been irrational (and a little unfair) in my anger towards my mother 
I just returned from my uncles rosary 
Missing my daughter 
I miss my sister...... 
back hurts like a mother, 
when i fell asleep on my grandma's room suddenly my aunty call me and told me that my uncle passed away 
My sister just broke her arm i feel sooooooooooooooooooooo bad 
My mom just took my older sister to the hospital cause she's in a lot of pain 
going to my cousin's funeral 
just got done playing farmtown with my sister on facebook. i miss her. 
@JaimeDaGreat i wish i was close with my brother and sister like it seems you are close with yours. we dont have that close bond 
@JessieeeeeH whooo im still waitin on my sister to get it 
shopping with with my sister is boring 
My brother is dead 
sometimes, i just fail as a sister. i am sorry. 
my brother is laughing at me right now! 
helping mom playing prime suspect , wish that my brother's here 
lol, listening to my little sister make up a story! ..booring 
@basseyworld And my 5 yr old niece told me that I have a moustache. 
@DanaCortez neither do I but for some reason my daughter loves her 
I miss my niece 
My cousins are more like brothers and sisters today im going to visit my cousin mike in jail    i still love him!
@prince_son awww;  No.
trying to skype with my little brother but the connection on his side is really bad... 
my big brother is graduation 
@TORNADOHUNT I missed it!  I was with my sister picking my dad up from the airport.
off to see my grandmother...looks like i'll be missing k&amp;k 
My daughters crying real tears cause hubby went to play basketball w/out her &quot;i play good and i love it&quot; she says 
My granddaughter is already wearing a 5T now... it just makes me cry. 
sister has killer headache! i might not get to go to my cousins wedding shower 
Off to move the sister some more 
my sisters keeper looks amazinggggg - i almost cried at the trailer  x
@IvanaE ahah i wont be able to go. my sister was so upset 
enjoying my son. he is just so amazing. rolling over &amp; scooting. soon he will be crawling, then walking. he'll be grown before i know it 
ahh i have 3 big brothers!!! 
at grandparents, race cancelled due to rain  boredd
My cousin graduated from college this mornin and then her husband's father died this afternoon...can u be happy and sad at the same time? 
my brother is hitting me  hah
Oh mother of pearl. 
thinking about taking a nap, didn't sleep well doing too much thinking.  How can a guy not want to know his first born son??? That hurts 
aww my uncles cat died 
http://twitpic.com/6rntr - my little step brother graduated! 
watching big brother after giving my son the best birthday ever he's now 2!!!  he's so big now
reuniting with my old bestfriend aww i missed her we were like sisters then we departured 
@snatalia @xxfriendxx my mum won't let me! They're fir my sisters orchestra 
can i ask.. that karly for big brother is from fife.. do i speak like her? ugh, i hate my accent 
trying to help my youngest daughter get over a break-up with her boyfriend 
big brother is hardly entertaining yet!  looking forward to a lovely sleep tonight!
I'm bored watching big brother. It's so bad 
with my dear aunt celebrating the birthday of my brother :O!!! i think cata is not going to come , she don't call me  !!
At the hospital, my uncle is very sick! 
@illustriousoul I miss my cousin 
is off to daughters last recital 
@father_kipz i know 
My sister just broke her arm i feel sooooooooooooooooooooo bad 
I already miss my cousin and niece! 
Trying to find activities for sister farkus to do. Wish she would date a boy 
watching my nephew hang out in his light bed... 
i wish i was home son 
just in from uncle's party, my gran was tired so we had to leave early. 
I am helping my little brother fish....   He keeps killing them! I'm a bad teacher   
Watching my wittle sister graduate 
wishing my daughter would call me..  
Just got done looking at some pics of my cousin @ciaphareeves52 prom and graduation that I missed 
Wondering where is my sister....  
praying for my aunt 
My sister has lice, guys... Not cool... 
I hate that I have to work graveyard shift and leave my wife and son alone. 
Blazing with my big sister &lt;3 I left my red bull in my moms truck I'm so upsett 
@iTsAngiolina aww... I'm super jelous! I actually tried to be like an actor but my mother doesn't support the idea. 
@mileycyrus your photo didn't show up  have you &amp; your siblings always been close or has it just come with age?! I hope 2 get that w mykdz
ahhh. my mother drives me insane. she makes me sad. 
My sister just broke her arm i feel sooooooooooooooooooooo bad 
my moms best friend just announced to the entire party what a big crush i had on her son..while he was standing next to me  lol
just walked in my house and my little cousin is having a sleep over and the are watching the cheetah girls 2 
In the hospital with my son. 
@mileycyrus i bet you miss him..your just lucky ur brother gets to come home, i havent seen my older brother for about a year 
My nephew and niece are eating hot dogs for dinner. I recommended adding cream cheese, but my sister said no. 
Just had to clean my mom and brother wound almost was in tears 
can't lose his son again. 
moms best friends son just died in a motorcycle accident. she had another son die of a heart attack. i feel so bad for her 
sitting here crying because i wont be able to live without my sister. 
I miss my lil sister 
@uberscholar no more burrito brothers.  was it good?
chilin with my sister and my niece..gotta work in the a.m. 
I am not as cool as my brother 
@CarissaGrace i dont have any  and it's my cousin @rachelshaw90 sweeeet lol.
I dislike being reminded how old my grandparents are getting 
I need your prayers for my cousin, his condition became worse 
my little sister just got done telling me how much she hates me. i always knew she did, but i didn't know just how much she actually did. 
My mom and sister are going to mexico tomorrow, I will miss you 
My mom and sister are going to mexico tomorrow, I will miss them 
f**king brothers I HATE THEM 
http://twitpic.com/6t7jv - this is what my sister did after she burnt me  with insence! 
I miss my lil sister already 
sad my cousin &amp;&amp; her fiancee are leaving me  &amp;&amp; florida
my little brother is so sick, I hope it's not serious! 
My great grandmother passed away. 
so annoyed my sister went out and bought the shoes that i wanted 
just talked 2 my brother in the Philippines......i miss him SO MUCH 
@dontstopmatter my mum can't drive  hmmm hopefully your sister :]
in brackley with my cousin.. 
I miss my nephew and nieces 
Sitting out in the cold at the neighbors party. Not happy that my father is a machista 
I miss my sister so much 
@darwii dad's saying I can't go but he said I could  this is all my sisters fault
I hate my brothers!!!!! 
My son is obssesed with shooting me with his toy gun. Not sure I deserve this 
I'm feeling sick, my mom is making me clean up the house and my brothers are still sleeping. Not fair! 
waiting for my dad to come home, in the meantime i'm getting annoyed by my brother 
scariest dream ever....my dad,brother,and package deal died 
Watching my big brother graduate....he's leaving me alone 
i miss my lil' nephew 
@RieTheChick why wasn't ur own sister invited? 
my niece is finally here! omg she is soooo tiny! too bad i can't get anywhere near her since i'm sick... 
ok, my father voted for me. really disappointed by the candidates though 
I look terrible in my pic!  I can't belive I actually trusted my brother to put up a pic like that! It's horrible!
@beccamac9 can't, I'm going to cali to visit my brother! I'm simultaneously super excited and sad because jay isn't going. 
watching london ink with my dad and sister. i really want a tattoo. 
Is in bed with her cousins!! Not looking forward to work at 1:00 
I shall tweet!! helllllppp  i hate my brother
parents are angry, brother is angry, they're yelling and crying =S 
My daughter just found out I am going to auburn  she is a little upset she is not going 
Being made to go to dinner with the relatives  will cry if I miss the apprentice!!! X
i really wanna go back home to the Philippines, totally miss my cousins, aunts, uncles, and lola over there. 
apparently my aunt's depressed 
@jazminnnx My sister didnt wake me up when i told her too so i missed it aswell  
@imjstsayin My son loves WoW but we are not working so he is outta luck for now. 
big brother should be banned 
@OnlYdeShanda thank u sister i miss u 
@TheLastDoctor So it's like a dead father. That must hurt.  How do you feel about it? You can open up to me. It's ok to talk about it.
why is big brother on laterrr  @ThisisDavina
 my sister just graduated...
trying to persuade my sister to watch J.O.N.A.S with me is like persuading an ant to carry a television!  
finals week!... uhh oh! ..i think jay needs to post more pictures of my beautiful nephew! i miss him sooo much and my big sister tt 
Dean reminds me of my elder sister  too bad she is not here anymore...hope you are having a good time up there sis!love you,miss you....
grieving for my sweet brother in law that was killed yesterday. 
Just found out my cousin is moving. This really sucks 
I miss my sisters  !!
just had apanic scare about my sister! 
@SUMMERgoneCRAZY :o  not this sister...?    **points at self**
dosent like the new big brother 
sitting with my cousins. really missed them. 
feeling extra nervous to call my father 
Waiting for my niece to arrive. It is so nice and quiet in delaware....I miss this. 
I miss my cousin. 
Watching toy story. I miss my brother. 
I'm so tired. At least my family thing roxors &lt;3 my uncle and aunt and cousins. miss chris more than ever 
@believeagain which reminds me, you should get aim or msn because i want to talk to my sister annnnnne! 
at the hospital with my daughter 
'Ma baby girl and sister-in-law just left. 
is dreading wed when her baby brother tours china as the new lead singer of caracal.  i can't not have him here!! 
@SKEME _817 As a mother I couldn't even imagine hearing my son scream for me b4 his death omg 
Playing Gravelsuckers w/ cousins...and I just became the Gravelsucker 
Aww my brother's doggie started her period 
@karacornflake loving the strict mother!   Just nightmares for me as usual. 
@GADBaby LOL we almost named our youngest that!!!! So sad it's over 
i miss shannon and ryan! and jason. and sean. and ginger. and my aunt and uncle. and my grandparents. and georgia 
@Kovergirl4 and u ain't even holla at me....wht kinda sister are u 
can't stand it... my mom and brother.... they are yelling at each other.. 
trying to conference with my sister but not working 
It's sad not having brothers or sisters 
Why can't I find my sister tingaling124?? 
@theBrandiCyrus i misss my sister too  we can be sad together!
Just finished my grandmother's obituary 
Y is my sons laptop sooo slow 
Going to visit my uncle in the hospital... 
#iremember when me and my big brother used to kick it....  
daughter croupy. 
i wish i was in ohio with my cousins 
My sisters hamster has the squeakiest wheel  stupid hamster.
Playing uno attack with my sister. I'm losing 
http://twitpic.com/7g8b5 I miss my sister already 
Totally crawfished on her brother 
My nephew got married and I didn't even know 
uhmmm your brother... 
@Spidersamm what happened to your brother?  x
i miss my sister. 
and my sisters gone back to merimblah 
my mother land my piano for her friend 
got to go to inlaws soon 
suspects her middle son is coming down with chicken pox 
i loveeee masterchef but i honestly miss big brother 
My brother has now got my xbox 
Missing my mother 
@jayboy393 I wish you were my neighbor right now. 
@candicotton that's what i think when i look at my son, like shit i was with his mother  HAAAAA
Droping of my sister in davis elementary been up since 6 
Is missing her cousin terribly 
naww at rebecca on brothers and sisters, its so sad 
@LexiePixie well m damn well...i was bussy with my father so couldn't blip and tweet that much  hows your daughter??
@thearese I don't get it.  @yellyellow your sister's famous. :-&amp;
wondering how's my daughter is doing?? I hope she changes for the better when she come out... 
going to work =   hanging out with my cousins after = 
hurricane festival!  i'd love to go there, but my mother just doesn't let me!
my cousin is tataing! 
@nicajuan: I hope your grandparents get well soon 
@sarahrockwood but it was sad.  There's a ton of family drama with my dad's sister and her trying to hide his death from us...long story 
My baby brother is graduating from high school today 
my mother has bought me a skirt - i laughed at it. i think i'm the worst daughter ever 
is crying because I just dropped off my son at daycare and won't see him again until after my vacation 
My cousin sister just shot me that I'm too realistic in the way of see peoples... 
@VeniVendetta awww....  what about your cousin? Artecia?
@prdude my sister was a pregnant teen...he forgot to pull out 
misses her brother and her cousins 
@EmilyIsabelle besides my sisters...which is so messed up, and i have to go fix it 
Just got back from taking my brother to the airport  be safe I'll miss you
I miss my sister! 
is not going over my aunts house  but still going to gymnastics
I dreamed that I had a son,he was 9 - 11... I want a son now 
The doctor has officially put my sister @lisamcclendon on voice rest! 
@PerfectGent718 damn son..thats crazy right there 
@Katiemmabbz Awww ... me doing coursework and sister bugging me 
hmm... think there r only 3 persons who like my music...   my cousins and my aunt... that make me feel bad...
chatting with my sister .. juss woke up . going to see my uncle today . hope hes okay  plus i really miss my dad
I'm a little  blue, my sister and nephew are heading back to L.A. as I type. 
haven't had enough sleep because my son is still sick 
@frannerb... mama E was just here. I guess she likes her daughter more 
why am i not at wembly right now :/ could be seeing jonas brothers, demi lovato and mcfly. soooo unfair 
i hate that when big brother is on the whole of the channel 4 network (E4 in specific) changes and cancels shows for big brother 
is nursing my daughter as she has a migraine 
I'm sorry for Australian sisters! 
Just dropped my sister off at the airport and now I'm sad. 
looking after my very very sunburnt daughter,back from download 
@grellamonster dang, son! Why are u having so much fun without me? 
I lost the doofa so i cannit put big brother on 
@JBartkowiak  I really miss my son 
@kevinweeks oh  I'm at my grandparents so I couldn't anyways.
I really miss my other son toooo   BOFUFYAS......
@tommcfly oh dear. jonas brothers and mcfly? amazing. I wish I was there 
@bettyCari haha my brother have the control right now 
@sophieholly  I read. and I tried so hard to convince mother to let me go  i'm going to cry
My brother's goldfish died. One down two more to go 
mother said no to a kitten 
my brother has a cast and he won't let me sign it 
@Steffisticated at least you have a brother! I've always wanted one 
saying goodbye to son @ airport. 
misses my sister @rashandamccants and my brother @rashadmccants7 
@staceyelliott3 we should pure get like brothers from the same litter  !
omw too visit the little brother in juvi 
at the parents house.. nephews leaving  sad
wanting to go the court with my daughters but there not up for it... 
missing my sisters 
@supermacka her uncle  but i dont know... maybe yes...
watching t.v wit my daughter.....    she's gettin older and older tears
my brother won't hang out with me 
@Dannymcfly  i love jonaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas  brothers *-* i wanna play with jonas brothers too  nick is hoooooot :9
@chelstaff i prob cant come in the morning...my mom and sister are coming...sorry 
@DonnieWahlberg my son erased 467 of my pics. That's why I'm sad 
my sister decided not to take me with her to mexico 
watching vid of mcfly and jonas brothers performing stargirl....going to cry....i wish i was there right now!!!! 
@jellyybeannn oooo no, I do realy want to go, but I just made like a play date with my lil brother right now 
@rachelanne_ take me with you my sister tok our pool key now i cant go 
I pray for the guards family - wife who was is expecting their 4th child (boy) and their children. He was only 39 years old 
I hate the fights with my sister 
I wonder if the parents n sis went off already? 
Missing my son, my sister &amp; my puppy 
@iRoxiK  ha that's funny!! I wish i had a brother to do that to 
Watching TV with sister, she has to go home tomorrow  my mom and dad are getting a divorse and the house is pretty crazy.
@PerfectEnigma LOL! I didnt have that doll. my sister was born,  
My cousins just left for guam 
Crying my son just moved out on his own!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@jazminnbabey LOL no  he is dating my cousins frand.
so sad that my sister has to get a root canal 
@JonathanRKnight Where you at? I've started hitting on your little brother now! *ashamed* 
Is wish i could talk to my uncle.  i feel sad
has stolen a sister for herself tonight. She doesn't get to stay for long, though. 
is wish she was in vancouver with her brother 
I hate having to leave my son in daycare. It breaks my heart 
argh! my sister woke me up 
Reading... My sisters keeper 
i think myy puppy thinks my brother is his owner...im jealous. he doesnt love me. 
My sister just left.  So very very 
My sister finished the pickles 
my aunt died... sooo sad... 
Me and my older brother must babysit 4 kids for about 6 hours while my sister and parents go to town 
@jiminthemorning I got my sister and mother back together but can't talk any more about it as I'm not well 
so bored, mum and sister went out without me  :@ gahh im so bored!
My 7 yr old cousin had an appendix operartion tday!!   
@kayface15 ... the jonas brothers and mcfly?  i don't know what to think anymore!!!
ohcraap its my brother`s birthday today ?! omg i didn`t know. i`m such a bad sister 
@bnookala my siblings are unreasonable 
No more bloodshed, u're killing my sisters and brothers you animals. I want this nightmare to be over! 
i want to visit my grand mother soon. she's sick 
my cousin ate all my chessecake!  maruk lo dasar
Really wish my sister was here I miss her so much 
@xohanna no we haven't got it.  my auntie has though, might go to hers to watch it lmao.
my sister leaving town today, going back to hers...i am sad 
step sister has my @gossipgirl boxset 
@ChantiParnell she came to retfrd and didn't invite me  bad mother!
I wish i had an elder brother/sister. 
my sister told me that i'm don't have any fever, maybe i'm just not feeling well.. 
Gaaah my sister dropped chips on my floor  she is so mean!!
@jsgreyhoundgirl  Helped me to have incredibly low expectations of my earth parents &amp; patiently waiting for the mother ship to return ; )
noo my sister changed  now we're watching .. the spanish apartment O.o
my cousin doesn't feel goodd!! 
#whatif my cousin marsha wasnt my cousin...id surely die 
i am sittn here in my rainy hometown, while my sister traveled to tunesia 
Minding my little sister 
Thinking maybe I should get my daughter a new dad and my wife a new husband for fathers day... Too bad I'm a piece of shit 
Being an only child is sucks, I miss my brother whom also my partner in crime 
@jeremylenzo i miss you big brother 
Boreddd and my sister doesnt like the sunny pics i took of her 
Wow my sister`s deck and garage burnt down 
had a freelance assignment at my son's daycare but I couldn't go see him and get a hug.  He'd freak out and want to go home!
@clarahippy droped it *sons sniffs* o really am dead eek 
My 12yr old son is teasing me with my @wemasturbate t-shirt 
i miss my little nephew, he's in the dominican republic 
@AroundDaWayGirl I'm okay mama just here at work thinking bout my daughter... She has a stomach virus 
Praying for my cousin.... 
is shattered! those kids tire me out  but is thrilled her sister has arrived home safely x x
Its toooooooooooooooo quiet............missing my son like mad 
i don't understand why my son has to make naptime/bedtime so hard on all of us. 
I'm missing my aunt and cousin 
@KatBautista whatta bout brother? 
uncle, cousin are leaving tomorrow morning.  how sad.   
Out to eat at alehouse with my brothers &amp; cousin casey since @slimcity &amp; @freshtokill didn't invite me last night 
My friend just told me her husband beat her.  I feel so bad for her. They have a baby.
@crackbarbie That's probably nice for you to hear, but I expect you feel bad for your son 
@Pinksandi its all screams! and then i can hear dougy speaking. i love them  did you meet mcfly?! my mother told me you met jonas brothers
My uncle is in the hospital, he's really sick 
Just saw mustafa's brother working at the cerritos maaalll haha. He didn't recognize me 
I'm a little sad because my grandmother &amp; my uncle can't come today here 
@RevengOfTheVirg i would know i dont have sisters or brothers 
@tadasauce wow...that's too bad about your uncle because they say the damage is permanent.... 
I'm def havin an i miss my brother moment...but then again i have 1 of those evryday so.... 
i had lunch with my sister... because @RagePerez said no... 
@heathencomics save a few for a brother! 
@sweetliketoffee my mother took my laptop to watch something and my brothers on theirs.... 
talking 2 my mother  xD
Dannng it my sister is making green bean cassorale but at danns house! 
Finally home from my sisters and I'm so tired 
It's the birthday of brother's girlfriend tursday and I won't be there to see her 
In my aunts watching wee cousin the now, while my mum and aunt are out looking for my other one, who's done a bunk 
found an outfit for my mom to wear at my sisters wedding I also found a ton of shoes i could wear at wedding but i can only have one pair 
#iwould do anything  to have my brothers, uncle and granddad back here. 
my nephew has scarlet fever 
i miss my bastard sister (&amp; company) 
@emmabaggadonuts i'm a very bad fan. i didn't. tragic  mother didn't want to take me.
When my hard drive crashed, I lost the birth of my son.  #gno
I miss my neices and nephews 
@uncle_nasty 
feeling melancholy. they played my uncle's song 
misses my sister, and 2 stepsisters. 
My daughter would rather be with my in laws than with me 
@JosephLane sorry to read about your grandmother's passing. 
Heading out to visit my mother, who is in bed with a broken foot. 
I really want to go on the computer but my bratty sister is hogging it again 
@SheCanGetItx3 i know  but my cousin might come over and try to unblock it
@eboogiee  put me on with aunt dukes tho 8o or a cousin...
I'm the worst sister in the universe. I forgot to call my baby brother for his birthday. 
@DaniMeigel I miss my cousin too. 
http://twitpic.com/7ljsl - i wish that was me and my cousin.. 
I wish my little sister would get home so I can listen to the new jonas brothers cd 
Why my mother dislikes me soo much ill never know  i just know i try, just not enough i guess. 
Agggggg my mother is making me angry 
missing my brother 
just laid down an once again realized my brother is never coming back 
my lil brother is better looking than me 
I don't want my grandparents to leave. 
I'm sad coz I couldn't see my nephew!  
*yaaaawn* stupid brother woke me up now i can't go back to sleep!! 
@wenderella I love century egg porridge but my brother hates it so my mum doesn't cook it very often 
@shawneiora Been sad lately. Just found out my sister has stage 1 colon cancer. I already lost a sister 
@shawnieora Been sad lately. Just found out my sister has stage 1 colon cancer. I already lost a sister 
@sharmainerae ow..  i'll ask my sisters to vote..
missed uncle bryn in the audience lastnight! 
when will i not feel like poo!!! it looks like my son is coming down with it now, But at least he has me too wait on him. 
I want a sister, but I'll never have one 
@Charlhumphries She can't come apparently, she's out with her sister 
my sister is almost blonde 
@shiiiiiiiiii , so many of your sisters classmate has swineeee. same as my brother 
can't believe her sisters are so far away, and getting farther... 
my mother and brother keep making fun of me! 
Now that my cousin @paulanicole13 said she's eating a bagel, i want one 
Why doesn't my son speak like in our home, when he's in the therapist speacher? 
#haveyouever wrestled father christmas? no? neither have I lol 
My mother overslept this morning, so I had to drop off my sister to school in the hard rainfall 
poor lindsay, accused of thievery. What her britan twin sister would think of her? 
@glasscase ik  but I have to stay and take care of my brother and my mom's bf's son lol
..i miss my godchild. i got two godchilds but im missing one much more than the other. 
@hollywills I have no choice my mum, sister and girlfriend are all addicts so if it's not on the TV it's the topic of conversation 
at the sisters house not looking forward to work 
my brother was rubbing it in my face that my 13 yr old brother is taller than me.  #peterfacinelli
bullied by my younger brother, @khaloodA says if I finish @HenryHatsworth, it would not be a hard game 
Just pursuaded eldest son to cook dinner. This could be my last tweet 
Watching a mother duck and baby ducklings mourn the loss of their dead brother in my backyard is quite sad 
really missing my sister 
well, 2morrow i have 2 go to my aunts funeral 
@imbirdgirl big brother?! ... seriously? 
just remembered my mom, cousin, and aunts are goin 2 vegas and i cant go 
My eldest has the mumps 
i miss my sister! 
@Sophiedreww because you went to jonas brothers and saw mcfly 
I gag too much  my brother pressed into the vain in my wrist and i feel pretty pukey, wtf is wrong with me :/
sigh now to leave early to go to a wake... partner's aunt passed from same cancer I had... so sad.  why some beat it, and some don't? 
watching big brother 
mmm no... big brother wasn't legendary 
Telling my cousin that my auncle, his dad, passed away is the hardest thing I've ever had to do 
finally talked to .... well text talked lol to my ex's step dad my son is walking now! .. i wish i couldve seen his first step!!! 
my brother dropped my soda in me 
at my cousins house picking up my sister  ugh im so bored
@humbleorphan gah, i'd be on if we had a ride! my uncle is working 
@TatianaCreusot my brother got him to comment on his channel 
My nephew's concerned about one of my dolls. He thinks it's dead. 
Siblings annoy me and get me in trouble... Why is this? 
@lorihickey my mother isn't letting me go  i'm about to kill someoneeee.
@StormClaudi exactly!  i know a few people like that...one being my brother's gf...stupid bitch...can't stand her..lmmfao..have to deal 
My brother got approved for the marines 
im bored my sister left with my dad without me 
want to skype with my nephew but my sister isn't around and he isn't old enough to do it on his own 
I didn't know gibson on ncis had a daughter. That's so sad you guys 
@LilliJ i'm sorry to hear about your daughter 
just woke up..wasn't able to prepare breakfast for my niece and nephew 
Going to my cousins house and I'm the only once who can't speak the language 
at my grandparents house  haha
Seriously. My grandmother has breast cancer.  
Trying to help my sister pick out a boy's name for my future nephew, but nothing that she likes. 
My sister is hitting me with a drumstick, I swear I get abused by her everday &amp; she's older! 
In sister inlaws combi again. In the back, petrol fumes making us high 
Worrying about my brother 
@KaylahGirl ikr? i'm getting more and more depressed as my brother tells me what i have to do... 
@RachaelRawr I'll be at my sister's and she doesn't have wifi.  Laaame!
Would LOVE to sleep right now however, my sister will not shut up and let me 
I miss my little sisters, even if they like my brother's girlfriend more than me lol 
the cool thing is tht i'm w/ hanging out two of my favorite people, my godsister's son &amp; daughter. the bad news is i'm psuedobabysitting. 
holy shit i miss my nephew soooo much 
@sputniksqueaks I try :/ the motorcyclist laughed at me yknow  what a mean old uncle
@femmielala god no, that's far too hardcore!! tried to get my sister on, she said no 
@kelz017 You make my father very sad, very sad indeed. He's crying here now. 
@Megannjane @kateske That was my brother 
@todayshow love the jonas brothers!! Wish I lived closer to nyc 
http://twitpic.com/7pg6u - are my sons fishes sick  
lost an uncle  http://plurk.com/p/11xkb4
just woke up. still at nicos. might go home soon and face my brother 
Doing a quick blog post and then taking the kids to the park - watching my neighbor's daughter and think she's already bored.  
All my good feeling are crushed. Kyrstie moved. She was like my big sister. Now she's  gone.  I can't make it with out her
I miss my grand-daughter and my daughter-in-law... 
@LaurenSiers I know how you feel girl my grandma, uncle and cousin died 3 months apart  I will pray for u, love you and miss you &lt;3
praying for my friend thelma today who lost her mother in law suddenly &amp; unexpectedly 
If I don't see my nieces and nephews soon, they're never gonna know who I am 
@amcnugget tomorrow with thee nephews&lt;33 i love you like a sister right now ;) jk betch cuz u are my sister 
preparing my thoughts for the moving out of my son.....when did he get so independant...  
SUPER sad that I didn't get to tell my niece goodbye. I prob won't get to see her for awholenother yr. *a tear just fell* 
neice failed first grade, why do I feel like I did. 
@SackPackies Should I be worried? D:  And, ooookaaayy xD  I'm babysitting my brother as well 
@duncandonutskid sorry to here about your uncle 
dets to babysit her lovely little brother brother, instead of goign up to phonenix 
Heading to my wife's grandfathers funeral 
@PrettyYungTiff i kno my draino sister just called me and told me-lol, its so sad man  r u going?
So my nephew has an ear infection 
@whenbabysleeps .. if you get a chance, you should check out what my brother posted on there . makes me want to cry 
Is sick and tired of her sister being annoying! 
Going to pick up the little brother again 
watched the hangover with the sister and her boyfriend. effing hilariouuus ! miss the friends 
Watching the brother on street fighter, he's better than me 
with my nana at my house because my sister is sick 
http://twitpic.com/7qb63 - Even my brothers sound system isn't loud enough 
i liked it better when my mom and brother wasnt home. it was quieter 
is missing his sister in the states.    relocate...? ?
Missing my son 
Why do my brother and sister make fun of me when i use big words and complex sentences? 
Leaving the beach soon  going to pick up my wittle brother from schoolll
Where is my brother? 
going to my sister's graduation and dying because my immune system is slowly failing on me 
Looking at my cousins puppy is making me saad 
Its sad that I know my father more than almost everyone, yet I still don't know what to get him for father's day. 
I just got 5 starred by my brother 
i miss my sisters 
@naidaaa naii, is everyone going to reuben's? i cant potatoo  im going out with mom and my cousin's coming 
my cheekbone is bruised. my cousin loves me too much 
So... thoughts are w/my brother, my sis-in-law and the three little boys they have at home.   Hopefully she'll be ok.
@marciprose I'm having the same problem my mom just left to go to my sister's house because of it. 
@AWelbaum Not sure- nephew said it looked like my uncle never looked at it- I haven't heard any more updates  #bookieb
R.I.P cousin. I love you 
@babymakes7 at least she's not at home with y'all. my mom died at home in my sister's arms. my niece was 8, nephew barely 2! 
Patrolling my backyard looking for the mean snake that bit my brother 
missing my long lost sister. 
Praying for my bff @badmodelchick brother J.B. 
watchin high musical with my little cousin 
They think im the outside sister 
@theweaponislove my brother sold his for 50    and it was working perfectly!
@dfizzy Your older brother called you a douche  you gunna take that from him?
@MiqueasLopez yo son pls send me the slaughterhouse track budden leaked I can't download it 
laying in bed. my brother stole my ds. 
I just realized my uncle is there too 
I really miss my brother... 
I miss my bastard sister too  @hermajestyboo
father in law just served mother in law w/ divorce papers totally out of the blue 
wifey deleted her twitter after just creating one  now im reading my sister's keeper..
boy how things have changed, my boyhood favorite uncle now goes right to spam...bad emails 
My mother forgot about me again im stranded at the park 
@BBismyBB aww, i'm sorry about your friend's sister. this girl i knew in 1st grade got leukemia&amp;she passed away when she was 9 
I should have came solo. cuties being turned away by all 15 of my brothers 
@missgiggly having drinks with former colleagues and hanging out with my sister who just finished her exams 
just found out my 21 year old sister karen is developmentally disabled 
@Vukizzle To be honest I think it will make for poor self esteem for the young mother 
Misses her non stressed sister 
I wish my mother &amp; I had a better relationship. We can't talk. she doesnt understand me .... And I need her 
@rachael312 haha and I miss you too!  I just love me some jonas brothers! Haha
@dickweed_girl i have to take my sister somewhere  i hate the way i'm up early too i want to be asleep!
Working working working, wish my daughter and son in law would follow me 
woot ! xo badtreep .. err ! i had the most worst sister and bro. :3 well ! ol i have to do is to endure them ! they're mah siblings 
dearest sister, what happened to the sister2sister days huh?? where was my invite to the movies??? bloody boyfriend of yours wont share 
My mum just called saying that my brother is having fever! Goshh. One after another 
I want to play wii but my stupid sister and her friend are playing. 
berharap keadaan 'my younger brother' membaik...  http://plurk.com/p/124cuz
i miss my sister so much 
i need to watch bb + brothers &amp; sisters, forgot to record them last night 
@ladybolan my little brother split up with his first proper girlfriend a wee while ago. felt well bad for him 
I want to keep the wristlet I bought my cousin 
it went bad when he died, but it was very nice when the mother and daughter were close again. me and mum are crying  funny ladies we are
nclex studying...saying bye to my sister 
Mourning my nephew. 
just saw my sister off on the choir tour 
my sister's friend took the ds and told me to go back to revising so im revising 
Just got awful news, my cousin's husband has pancreatic cancer and prognosis is not good.  
wishin my son was better i hate it when is bad 
@TomDavenport big brothers picking on the hippies again 
i really really miss my mom and my brothers.. 
ahhh at my cousins. i so cried at olivias performance at camp 
My brother is mean 
@britneijeree hi my almost sister lol shea told me he saw u last night i would of went but my sisters not here 2 get me ready 
missing my nephew! 
I would but my grandma from tennesse and aunt are coming at 430 And i gotta do pictures wit them 
@iCaughtTheFever at least you're a nice older sibling, my brothers would have done the same to me that I would do to them  lol
I think my mother forgot about me   She never called me back :-/
OMGeee my nephew just urinated on me 
Going to work for an hour while my cousin has her baby. 
@SmashMe_EraseMe I just googled it. Aw. I watched him with my grandmother. 
My poor grandfather buried 2 daughters, a granddaughter,  and his wife before he died. 
@minijesus  Ever since she turned ten my sister's lost the ability to stop running her mouth 
#inaperfectworld My niece would have came in another 5+ years so that my sister could experience college and stuff 
preparing for the going away party for my baby brother and his family.  
I miss my brown brother. 
My brother is so mean! We went on the ride and i only wanted to go to level 3 but him and the worker secretly planned to go level 4  h ...
@11wdnick I was bout to say my uncle don't love me no mo  I'm koolin bout to watch some be be kids
Oh what an embaressment my mother is! 
@xXDesXx i am driving in the middle of on where driving to my cousins 
@bmtenney I know the feeling, my nephew and niece get me everytime 
my uncles sick  I want a schnauzer sp?
I wish i didn't have to go home  i miss my sister alreadyyy
@notthemarimba ugh I hate rollercoasters.  Unfortunately son loves them (and is too young to go on them alone) 
Those cards make me wish I had a dad, and not just a father. 
Enjoying the last bit of my sister and nieces visit...I don't want them to go home tomorrow...  
is severely disapointed by new jonas brothers album 
@justKaryn i'm not going to get out of toronto  even going to see my sister in oakville. care to drive up?!
@HautTotes Oh no.  I'm so sorry for you and your daughter.
@stlmoms --Who won the father look alike contest? I can't find it. 
sitting around missing my younger son 
My grandmother just died  but she was so sick and sufering too much, so dieing was the best for her... now she isn't sufering anymore.
#dontyouhate when the jonas brothers do free concerts and your not there 
@curaja daughters aren't supposed to approve 
chatting with my sister who is so feeling blue 
@erikaxolovex3 awhh  i only have a little sister, and she adores me, so i'm not used to itt.
is being annoyed by all of my cousins that are here. and my new half cousins &gt;.&lt; and their cousins are REALLY irritating 
@juanchinito12 awww I wish I had cousins 
awww now my sister won  haha
@CandiceKei LOL i'm staying at my aunts house 
Looking for my sister 
My sister was mean to me and now I feel horrid  blaah
@joesephjonas No afense but I don't like you or your brothers. 
i think my mother is upset with me... 
misses her sister  and niece and nephew
http://twitpic.com/7vhkt - my babiee sisters!  i miss them so much!
and me and my other sister have to go to the bathroom 
So the dukes are leaving me again this weekend..but with my youngest brother  gotta find a babysitter if i wanna go out lol.
@javalicious youre making me miss my sister  but anywho i have my other double d sister @westlifebunny
going to breakfast than shopping with my cousin tomorrowww! Then were going to my brothers graduation partyyy! its so sad hes growing up 
I really need my sisters rite now. I miss you all. 
I miss my brother 
Haha yes i have to leave  im with my cousin right now. The one we went to the mall with lol
I dont get my nephew anymore 
waaaaahhhhhhh!!!!! my sister left to go to the airport    I miss my big sis   
 it was amazing, when i saw it i started screaming. But then my sister yelled at me and told me to shutup 
My sister is soooo mean to me 
I fucking miss my brother. 
Why won't my sister answer me? I know where one is, but the one I need to contact won't answer me 
@EmmaK67 I may have to raid my son's piggy bank after all 
i miss my godson 
I feel like the Iranians are on on an irreversible path to something terrible.  You're in my thoughts, brothers and sisters #iranelection
my nephew couldn't enjoy the transformer it's scary for him 
@wimjimjam damn your brother!!  -glares- what's at&amp;t... the company you were with?
@alcty yeah, that's what i heard. i'll probably call fikaa's sister to confirm, she's a teacher at yiss. i'm hoping they'll extend too 
i'm glad pixiv ppl like the doctor/priest brothers but i would not mind some more tamon  bawww
My patso sister is asking for the new comp 
@solitarynerd I cried in bambi where the father or mother died 
arghhhh - i really disike my little brother, what a twat 
my brother's girlfriend is coming round which means i'm probably going to have to &quot;make an effort&quot; and get dressed 
On 10 taking my sister to the airport.  
My sisters are so supportive. I love them so much 
my stupid brother woke me up at like 7:30 
sister just left for college! 
@heyfranklme dude I know. I wanted to go but I'm in detroit working for my aunt. 
I was gonna see my cousin in the hospital but my mom left me at the house because I was still asleep. 
My sister is going to have her baby I wish i could be there 
I hate my sister sometimes. 
I don't want my little sister to talk to boys 
@MykeWayne awww cousin 
I now know what its like to be an only child. Its the best. But i miss my brother a little bit. 
@pinwheelgirl wooo hoooo.  good for you, glad you had fun.  i have twin nieces that are 17.  they didn't have a quincenera... 
My mum and brother are sleeping so i can't play guitar 
I miss my aunt and uncle... I never get to see them  i'll tell dad to say hey to jon today.
suffering from my sister punching me.. 
my father is a dead beat 
My sister lost her passport...she leaves tomorrow  advice?
@meganneliz tell zack that i am very sorry to hear about his grandfather. 
Why do my brother and mom have to fight...? 
is sad my father in law just died.   
my poooor neice has a fever 
I want to play some xbox but my father is watching Tv and downstairs my brother is playing some crappy game 
going to go visit my brother  i don't do well with things like this....
will definitely miss her paranoid sister  http://plurk.com/p/12il7r
really must find someone to chill with when my daughters visit their dad 
5650.9 kilometers away from my dad 
sitting, watching my sister watching 90210... the old one 
my cousin. my aunt. my other cousin. &amp;  my other cousin. there all gone.  im gonna miss them. they went back to germany. was crying. :'(
i cant go downstairs.  my older brother had decided to bring in alot of friends while my mam and dad are out :@
@AlondraVP yeah we haven't talked in ages  how are you? And your cousin, did you find him pretty? I love you much much much!!
My son never calls. 
@DarlinNikkib  I don't have a daddy or father
so angry on the inside, I hate him so much and yet I have to b strong for my daughter and be happy even though I'm  so hurt and broken. 
i want to go to one of the jonas brothers concerts 
I don't want to be in this wedding anymore. I looked awful in those dresses - hope that doesn't make me a bad cousin! 
just finished my sisters keeper 
I'm sorry! I meant she was shot standing by her father...I can't think clearly now. 
At my dad's girlfriend's house, wanting to go home 
is just back from A&amp;E my son had hurt his arm 
is on break at work, going to my brothers alone tonight,  missing my fiance so mucg!
I miss my brother... 
My aunt ignored me wen she drove by me.... It saddens me..   
just had to say goodbye to my sister and nephew 
i forgot to mention, my sister has fractured a rib! owch! 
Just got back from my cousins house its really really nice. Jealous much? i think 
@mileycyrus cant you just stay away from the jonas brothers! 
My god daughters the most adorable too! If I knew how to post picures I'd show you 
Headn 2 ftown 2 cure my loneliness. i miss my son 
jooonas brothers getting closer &amp; closer,  taylor i miss you,  but i get to see you tonight !
@KellyMcEwen my mum wasn't happy  LOL maybe I'll end up like the bad prime brother from the transformers... 
sitting at my baby cousin's party, being antisocial. I want go home... 
My mother just set me off, sorry brittany 
i miss all of my cousins 
debatin if i wana go watch my cousin fight @ 7 buhhh then i wuld have to leave oakland now 
@tommcfly tom, i'm your mother, reply me 
lent twilight to my cousins.... i don't think it's going to come back in one piece 
@Tissamayumi my sister don't want ME to come. Huhuhuhu 
crying in my grandparents room 
i wish my father was here 
sitting on the couch at my aunt and uncle's house.... extremely bored wishing i was chillin with my friends 
sent flowers to japan. my girlfriends uncle just died   #sad
My brother said i was getting fat. But he didn't know i could hear it. That hurts 
@ashleytisdale  my brother got to go and i didn't.  sadd! come back to kc again soon! 
@sadiereede I rllly want to! I want to see that, yr 1, n my sisters keeper so I have to choose 1 
@captaindilan i knaaaw i want it to!! I'm pissed my aunt is giving to my little cousin 
my patience is being tested by my sister and dad. i miss him  &lt;3
my brothers upset 
@MorenaMarie88 lol i dnt have a son  i have a daughter :-\
@uncle_pauly  *hug*
went to the water park with my son,krystal and her kids it was fun..but my son nd her son bumped into eachother n got hurt  but they r ok
I'm being held captive at the casino by my mother. 
My brother just sat on my sammich i sad  alyssas laughing&amp;crying.
@rgraham7590  the father was shouting remain remain remain my daughter; so sad..
my dad just told my sister to fart on me for 30 bucks 
had a very fun day with my niece, step mom, and aunt... but i was worried about my dad. he's foot is bad!! he cant do anything! 
I'll miss my grandfather.  But, I know he's happy wherever he is now.
Is going to bed at 2. :/ this evening was fun-ish but I miss her like a crazy mother F*********  I love her.
My daughter just woke up. *sigh* 
@angelicucu Now I'm left alone with her lesbian twin sister maggie fox along with 5 kids 
In serious sister withdrawl!!!  
Heading over to cousins house soo depressed 
awww... brother ceci 
@sunshinelayouts  im sorry your dad isn't there for you, its sad that he doesnt know he's got 2 wonderful daughters but its all for th ...
@nabil_ismfof You lucky son of a bitch! I'm so jealous 
I have to stay up and watch my baby nephew until my sister comes back home. 
says my only wish is to dance with my father again..  http://plurk.com/p/12m5ne
Dance with my father.  It makes me cry. I'd rather talk to the wall than to my dad. ( http://craam.multiply.com/
so @my cousin steph how do you twitter 
I just let my brother make a beat.... it was not cool 
I miss my little brother 
@tobywankenoby @stinababyyy I'm going meemees now  blame it on my sister lol
It's too early to go to my brother's fencing competition  #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen
tapping merlin. the grandparents don't believe in him 
My sister is showing her bf some of my baby photos, how embaressing 
It's fathersday but my father isn't even here 
I am waiting for my sister because she is in hospital. 
fixing my cousin's pc - 
What I don't like is being underappreciated for my technological genius, compared to certain older siblings. 
@donna144 aww *hugs* my mum is going to my grandfather's grave soon to put flowers on it  xxx
me and my brother bought daddy the same thing, oooowh 
I was arguing with my sister and my dad does not do anything he is just watching TV 
Just got up, and sent my dad a father's day e-card. For free. I'm a bad son 
@herojaejoong if i pass my next exam, i will go to study far too. only my mom and brother at home  so worry
@TVXQUKnow if i pass my next exam, i will go to study far too. only my mom and brother at home  so worry
I think my son's a left-hander 
@VirtualDutchess i cant...my father &amp; grandfather died when i was 13 &amp; 14 and i dont talk to my uncles much 
trying to find my cousin 
been up since ten to five thanx to my daughter 
He was a great man who produced me and the sisters.  ALways sad when I think about how the son's never knew him. 
Missing my dad &amp; my brother today 
taking my brother to the airport 
self quarantine til sat because my sister has a(h1n1)  i can't last that long in here!
@coffeebased this does not bode well for your mother! 
going out for lunch with my auntie, my brothers dropping me off. i have to share the car with 'her'...  bye everyone!!
With my brothers description of it...it WILL suck! 
Doubt I will hear from my son 
@dukedinero I know!  You're a father?
wishing that one of the jonas brothers would follow me  lol x
The people in front of us are having a big father son moment and i'm kind of just sitting here waiting by myself. Lol omg 
It's father's day in the states so I just told my stepfather how much I love him because he's my real father. However, gotta call BioDad. 
i miss my nephew 
fathers day! but no father in sight 
is so boredd... want to see my sister so much  pick up the phoneee i need u lol
so my sister has given up. its still stuck 
My mother says that 90% of my comments are negative. What??? 
@MariahCarey awww,mine isnt with me, and my other father figure is in jail 
missing my little bro today and feeling sooo sad for my niece 
i lost my father! 
@Trapes aaahh - just been to my brothers and his daughter didn't remember either which is really sad 
making a bracelet for my sister... and missing chris already 
@cbear12864 your grandaughter will be okay, I don't know where these germs come from 
my niece just wee'd on me  eww
I miss my stepdad. 
is wotchin big brother hmm i dunnoo wot too doo 
should I get over it? my sister or my pride? 
Sitting at my aunt's office waiting for 6pm to come... just sent my dad off at the airport.  I miss him already.
@chasewhale @gandthew we missed the grandparents balls 
My brother wont stop throwing up   
@GingerVlogz i wish i could play for that long  but my brother and sister always play
wishes she could have gone with her mom and sister.. i hate being sick. 
so i just finished reading my sister's keeper and i'm bawling 
Finally got to see my lil niece! Then I had to say bye!  my sister ended up showing up! It's been so long since we've seen each other!
watching brothers and sisters. still feel sick 
my mother is up setting me. 
still watching brothers and sisters. i have missed so many episodes. still feel yukky 
I feel so restless   I'm in love with this girl but she sees me only as an older brother type...
sure wish i had a uncle russell 
a great dinner with the girls and a happy bday to #bethann! missing my sister and b-n-law already 
@savannaaaaa i knoww. my sister keeps turning it. 
my grandma's sister just passed away 
@uncle_geff  it was also the gassssssss I thought about
@valeriechicola @stepvald10 my mom/sister are allergic  but once I move out I will
@dani29 my father died when I was five  so I shouldn't be advising you
i miss my favorite cousin  [@crck_a_bttl i'm talking to you]
My mother makes me cry  i don't know why she does this.... 
@weava77 I understand, I've been divorced from my daughter's father about 15 years and still have to put up with his ridiculous behavior 
Turns out I'm going to have a nephew. I really wanted to buy pretty dresses 
@JuiiCyeffBaby don't act like that with your brother it ain't the same old story I only used it once ok maybe twice but no more 
@TheRealestCiCi I feel so bad for her sons! Like forreal! I know how much they loved her 
http://twitpic.com/8750e - aw, haha. i miss my brother, toooo! 
i miss my sister 
i miss my sisters 
is really poorly and just wants ehr daughter to make an appearance 
my brother has my marianas trench cd :'( i can't drive without that ! 
i don't want my brother to move. 
http://twitpic.com/87u4r - Has my son gotten big or what!? I miss when he was just a little thing 
sitting at the library missing my sister 
so i get home from the docters and all my sister can say is did you see the dr. that looks like carlise? how sad 
@JAKAZiD I'm not a mother yet 
@nicolalalalala my mam wants to do that 4 my sister, i live too far away 
My sister hates me. 
I bit the cake, and then my brother pushed me!  http://yfrog.com/0uefmj
i miss my granddad or grandfather is the same  i ask why you have to leave you were like my 2 dad :'(
@MeganDierckins and me!!!  what am I the ugly step-sister here....haha
@TashiaM sister! I miss u! And I called u earlier!! 
Crying. Just said goodbye to my little sister before I leave for college. 
went 2 do 3D ultrasound &amp; could see my sons face 
My mother made me go to bed early. 
I miss my brothers 
home from movies w/ the neice nephew and bestie....my uncle might pass away tonight so plz pray for my fam  &amp; welcome home @cuddl3bunni3s
@BrittGoosie yeah I read that too  that's so bad! But I guess if it were illegal your sister would STILL get to it? :'(
I can't wait till xo has her father daughter dance with dad. tear 
teary-eyed, hoping my cousin will find the strength to stay alive from cancer.. 
RESTLESS!   house sitting for my sister... if only i had company. 
Until the next jonas brothers concert... 
@melinamatsoukas when i'm not with you all our store people ask where my tall sister is. i miss u 
@GeorgiaPrincez  I bet it hurt like a son of a bitch
@pearlstarbird I have to babysit tomorrow, or else I would!!   gotta love nieces and nephews.
@JimniKricket your a kewl dog! I love to chew on them quickly and hide them quickly @bedtime.I miss my parents and sister and brothers. 
i can't see my cousins cause my aunty can't see??  
My father is hospitalized. 
My father has been hospitalized. 
Heading to airport to take mom and aunt. They will b attending aunts funeral. She passed yesterday. 
http://twitpic.com/8cycm - I miss my nephews  
missing my cousins... especially my new one.  october is too far away.
i feel bad for my brother... he graduated high school yesterday, but both my parents are here in egypt with me. he was all alone 
depressed my little brother is caught up with drugs  and that I had to meet my dad to go look for him....
had to change avatar 'cause my brother just skyped me that i looked like i was on drugs.... 
i want the jonas brothers to come to scotlandd ! 
sister still on cam. having their dinner... i miss them! i miss home...  i miss my dad and nephews... arrghhh!!! been 2 years.
@philps I think I don't get it...  can't find my own sister here
The baby of a family friend (I barely know this person, but my sister is pretty close I think) died. 
my brothers leaving for flordia...without me 
@simon_sabin  my son is making his mother chocolate chip pancakes  this morning. I already ate. 
@BeautifulBruise But I miss my baby sister 
My mommy and brother and sister and nephew and grandparents and cousins are leaving the A today. 
@j_maranz following my brother's footsteps  LOL parents are soo very cheesed
My sister just left. That makes me sad. 
i am not that was my sister keana that said i was wearing a thong i swair 
I wish I had an older sister or older brother around 
bummed that i dont get to see my brother graduate tonight 
missing my daughters much 
My sister doesn't want to go running with me 
62 was the age my grandmother died from lung cancer. I never got to meet her. 
I'm an uncle now! 
And p.s. I'm getting paid to boss my sister around 
@RichSchefren though, well he's like a big brother  - always friendly and supportive.
love the jonas brothers 
@showbiz_cousin 
@jerichoK ex bf's grandpa. but we're cool. he's married now with a son 
I'm now the proud father of two sons.  http://twitpic.com/2y73a
@bobek_taken i love how sometimes you forget hungarian isn't my mother tongue  but my personality also changes in hungarian.
@JoannaButler he should tell them that his sister fixed it 
@7anno he is a son of one of my friends 
talking to my ong lost cousin 
@JohnFletcher LOL no me and my cousins love it  we try to go there at least once every year and my grandparents are maybe gonna buy....
@mileycyrus mother nature doesn't hate you, you're very pretty  You may need some rest 
@cyndyallen my sister needs to know what to bring easter - I say make her cook lol 
@pradeen1 you know, antonia/toni in grade four, i think? yeah, her older brother. 
@DominiPrimero hello manong domini! this is kat, your auntie evelyn neri's youngest daughter! was just searching for primero's and neri's 
@ksvanbuskirk I was thinking more that his uncle is what makes him weird. I'm not saying which one though. 
Goinggg to pick up my brother!! 
@susieqtpie good to meet a sister in homeschooling and faith as well.  #awi
http://twitpic.com/2yhlx - lol  yes. you must have a daughter or niece, most say the characters look familiar, but can't remember who  ...
@EmilyxMarie haha  I'm actually going out for chinese with my grandparents~ &lt;3
i officially hate my sister 
@denyseduhaime You rock, sister!!! 
Family bonding... Without my sister. I win! 
@chriscantore It's the mother monkey in us 
@vesper7 i love my daughter's lisp. it makes me smile everytime i hear it 
@JonathanRKnight I love you for tweeting to us but how about getting your brother to do the same 
is playing with her niece 
with my lovely sister! 
@wiselady nice to find you here wise cousin 
hanging' out with her favorite niece 
Two of my lovely cousins  http://twitpic.com/3ixug
Hiking grandfather mountain!! 
Home waiting on my cousin to come through so we can hang out. 
had a great/wonderful day on 18/04 with aunty , siblings &amp; lil cousin . 
I need food... going out to meet sister. i don't even get to drive my car. psh... no. i'm driving hers... 
@DaBombChele I have 3 sisters, so its my 4th time being an aunt  I loveeee them! haha
@linnetwoods I'm sure I will. Grace (14yo daughter) is most impressed 
carry on my wayward son 
lol got me a big brother 
Dropping sister off at her bf who knows when she'll be home 
@MarvyMcFly oh nice, you've met my sister. 
i go to the shop with my aunt  she's are  crazy n' love her
can't wait for my cousins to sleepover on 28may!! 
I love dancing with my family its totally awesme !.  I love my cousin angel 
watching tv with my padre   yay for father-daughter bonding
@nicolerichie it's so sweet! Makes me want to run out and get my daughter a puppy - though I'm allergic 
I'm with my cousins right now.  
but she is not the father... I promise... 
scary  n with my cousin
is hanging with my nephew zachie 
i have the best big brother, i love you ben 
is making her mother make her scrambled egggggggggggggggg 
Going to see the fast and the furious soon with my brother  xo
i never knew my nephew liked the beatles 
says: happy a long holiday, i hope my brothers n sisters can do their exam well and graduated with good score. aminnn 
MS walk with trangy and her sorority sisters 
@flossymonster he is her half brother i think 
going to london with my mother 
Today is the baptism of my little and beautiful cousin Cadenet 
@jeanettejoy When the wife is away ....... The boys (me and my son) will play 
Up early with my youngest nephew... )  love it 2 years old and very intelligent... Not to mention adorable 
@huggerdog love that song!  'Your funny uncle' is really good too 
@chelseamack i have a brother who is like this and is fourteen. 
@lilatovcocktail LOL I think my sons will still be happy to get legos when they are 20 
@RasaJustBeingMe well dooh  who doesn't hate schoo?  maybe jonas brothers 
@demonbane LOL - yes, i think i remember sending that to my engineer brother in 2007... 
going to watch 17 again and then go bowling with my sisters 
http://twitpic.com/3lwrx - my sister did that for me 
Going to my cousin's.. weee. 
@Noot54  I'm a great aunt now 
my sisters buying me a hoody from her university, best.sister.ever 
@shannonulation i'll be your sister 
@robbiedontdance well my sisters won a competition to tour with the veronicas, then my sister rang me, gave lisa the phone, and we talked 
@cameronreilly gdnight father bob 
brothers and sisters is on, happy times 
uh watching brothers and sisters, getting ready for bed, annoyed at dad 
watching brothers and sisters 
@GenSibayan I'm liking the post about a mother finding out her son is making gay porn and isn't sure about telling his dad 
playin WE again with my cousin, he only beat me once 
hopefully will have a niece today. . . born to 2 former potheads on 4/20. . . classic 
@leocomerlato @INFECTEDPB503 And my brother.. 
@shizlams i do it too. i hate it... which is why i conn my mother to do it 
@adoran2 When is it due? I hope everything goes as well for you as it did for my daughter. 
watching six degrees of jonas brothers on e4 
@KatherineTweets I am suscribe but i forgot my password so I use my cousin's 
@MabelleK on congrats. i luv being an auntie!!  i got 5 of them (3 nieces/2nephews)
Laying in bed with my son 
making a cake for my sister 
is glad the media blackout is over and he can go back to being a proud uncle 
i think itd be rather cool to have a big brother as well as a little brother.. i want a big brother 
I dont wanna look terrible for my brother's wedding! ... Or prom. 
rayhan and raul  my little nephews. YAY
@anthonykohk @brother488 ??????? pro gamer ?????? 
going to my uncles to see my favorite cousin 
At my brothers new condo!!! Amazing!!!! 
@Raycee22 Your sister said you'll kill her if I follow you 
is glad she has the most wonderful brother in the world...  if i had to choose favorites out of my 5 siblings, it's him.  
ahhaha.  SHT. I'm bipolar. mother..
trying to talk my cousins into getting twitter and ruining their lives 
Yay i got an offer for a currogate mother!  how exciting ahhh
Off to bed  love my cousin but really don't want to wake up for his communion =/
http://twitpic.com/4e3ge - my daughter kaili 
Getting ready for my sister in law to be's hens night 
cousins and untie &amp; uncle are overr 
@tommcfly tom! you are my hero! haha, my sister dared me to send you that!  x
Off to see my brother and family and new puppies 
@PaoMiami he is way too cute!!  him and his big brother!  love my boys!!
Golfing with my mother 
@jbrocks46 im pumped for honor societyyyy  you love the jonas brothers too? ME TOOOOO=]
@SazFOB cousin and 19 year old aunt  lol.
going to my orientation and then baby sitting my cousin laterr. 
at my aunt 
@musicjunkie92 My sister got that one, nice 
yay for lunching with grandparents 
At the dentist with my sister. I want some sweet tea 
eating nachos with my faja, having some daughter/father time 
Just talked to my grandmother 
here with my cousen  and sister and soo what r u doing????
http://twitpic.com/4fatk - me and my sister younger 
is with her aunt&amp;cousin. benihana tonite 
@novah the smallest!  he's my brother from another mother 
okay so i freaked me, kimmy, and mother in law out...  
@AutumnDances Oh I hope your nephew does well at tryouts! 
@loveMaegan I need a pretty updo for my sister's wedding.  would love a hair to for that! 
I just want to say that I think my cousin @lilmiss222 is one of the strongest women I know! 
@JamDear my mother is helping me pay for it. 
@CodyEastlick bahaha from a boy i consider my brother, nothx 
at my grandparents 
Visiting my grandma and learning my uncle how to send a textmessage, haha 
son of rambow war witzig...for real 
back to los angeles - finally! i miss my puppies, my mummy, my brothers &amp; sisters and of course my father &amp; my other special friends 
Just video called grandparents with sister's laptop  Laggy due to wireless being employed by at both ends.
akhirnya ngumpul bareng my cousins di benhil 
@DPrince2124 &amp; your daughter is beautiful 
police just brought my brother back!  
@nuttychris erm . . . not sure i always forget but its normally my brother who tells me. lol i have the worst memory ever 
Going to breakfast with my brother! 
I cant believe I have ended up with such lovely daughters and son in laws, lucky or what? Probably because I had no hand in it 
@solangeknowles aw, i just saw his commercial with your sister again 
Hanging with my sisters 
fathers be good to your daughters ,daughters will love like you do.      i love my daddy,miss you 
helping my cousin with her homework 
@Jonasbrothers hey! u guys r the best!! u r such an inspiration to my sister &amp; me! thanks for being you! your the bomb-digitty!!! 
back from the senior banquet. I love my amazing big sister. 
Awww, i love my brother 
I love grandparents 
The two boys excited to see their new baby brother   http://twitpic.com/4ivw2
watching brothers and sisters. @johncmayer I love you 
 enjoy cousin!
@lynxdaemonskye I did it  I also let them know I'd referred my sister, but they probably won't accept it unless it's from her? We'll see!
@rosamt05  Your brother would have loved to have seen that. 
I just bought 'deal breakers' for my sis....its by the coauthor of he's just not that into you. sisters got issues. haha 
@ibosmiley that's what I call my daughter. she's 8. 
had a fabulous weekend with my sis and nephews but am glad to be home! 
@charlstonheston mother ( smiles so very happily   )
@Roqayah And you as well with your sisters 
@1inAmelia Haha! And all along we thought my mother was the most entertaining! 
yes! brothers and sisters is on tonight 
@mattsmithson no wonder your running son.... 
http://slingalink.com/eVicE1 my daughters kindergarden  !
never thought my daughter would want to borrow my clothes... even less that she would suggest that i borrow hers... luckily it didnt fit 
lol how I met your mother 
@phoebealice_x when my brother is 18, i will have moved! 
ah just saw my little nephews  all is well with the world again. I love those boys so much. have to say my sis in law does a great job.
says I'm tutoring my cousin!  http://plurk.com/p/rpp57
@JamieLynnMB i had my son when i was 16.he's now 10..and twins at 19,age doesnt matter! there are worse parents out there that are older! 
@thewrongirl y @sololoy son amor 
my mum thought that my brother laughing was the cat about the throw up... smooth 
@xanderprod Was actually done by my cousin 
Missing my husband, but it was nice to wake up in my parents' house. The dogs are ecstatic 
@theloz from your fevered imagination, my son 
@poomalairaj - for all dad is doing like this to his son/daughter love 
is going to work an amazing charity event for big brothers big sisters. i don't mind working if its for a good cause 
@lopps_1999  ohh, that is so cute, fishing is so peaceful!  your daughter looks so focus in what she is doing 
@gfalcone601 cheese and onion! or as my father says 'cheese and minging' 
big ups sister #1 for calling in too 
@AndyBradbury thanks so much....I'm so glad I have a productive, loving, happy, law abiding, assisting others.....son! 
@mileycyrus airsoft is so much fun! i play with my brothers and it's a great bonding experience. 
Is listening to the new jonas brothers song 
Going to i don't know where with taylor,dolton,jacob, chris and my sister. 
watching laura's nephew dance 
@CocoDishman wasssup cocoliciousness!!! I knew u didn't recognize me!  how's ur daughter?
http://twitpic.com/4wbn6 - my hubby and his adoarble baby brother 
bowling with cousins  awesome
uqh soo boredd supposedd to be asleep cuzz i have too wakke upp earlyy but i juss cantt sleepp.! omq tomorroww iss mother's dayy 
Starbucks with mother 
I love my big brother very much. 
Playing cards with my niece. 
aww my son gave me a purple g shock for mother's day 
love it when my sister brags! but she's too tired too spell bowling right! haha its ok I &lt;3 her!! 
Relaxing with my daughter watching Friends 
sleepin at my cousin's 
hanging out with the goddaughters 
i can't believe my little brother is married... 
hanging with the cousin 
@sinfulsignorita Its sunny atm, need to drop my brother for his classes later, so will find out then 
Seeing my brother graduate tomorrow. Should be fun. 
@masterballerina tell your grandmother i say hello 
@awalliewall my *mom*(not aunt haha) and uncle were both adopted with very diff adoptive stories. if you want to chat sometime lmk 
happy mother's daaaaaaaaay 
watching finding nemo with my nephew so cute! 
finished essay. dinner went well me and my brother acted like kids and had spoon fight  then fought over who woould sit in my sisters lap
And I am off to my sister's to partyyyy! 
@JennyfromMTV how old is your son? he's really sweet and cute 
I'm going to be an aunt!  So glad I don't have to keep that a secret anymore 
it's mother's dayy. haha. 
My present for my aunt was a success...she cried 
@michellehendra like mother like daughter 
My aunt is coming soon 
@EdenSpodek luckily their thoughtful father is fully capable of twinja-tasking by himself 
getting ready then going to the marina to see my unbiological mother!! 
talkin' to my sister 
Awww I'm good now.. calls from both sons!  
My daughter just surprised me with a very loving card, my honey.  
At breakfast with my mommy and sister 
happy mother's daaaaay 
my brother is beating his cutlet... he thinks it's to plump 
@catsstripes just the usual housework,tweeting,dealing with my 2 y.o niece  How about you?
Going to houston to vist aunt tina. 
my sister is gay 
talking to my sister....  love her much!!!!
Bout to go out to eat with my bestie &amp;&amp; my uncle 
and happy mother's 
Troopin it to my cousins crib 
has the greatest mother 
brothers and sisters then bed 
@noirem Only if you count matriarchal lines, my brother and I have different fathers and were born in different countries. 
Is at my cousins house 
@isabelthed isabellllll  i still want your little brother
@mikegentile my brother. 
Watching old video's with my cousins of them when they were kind's and I seen my dad when he was my age it was so funny lol 
my daughter just turned down the chance to meet david archuleta... to play wii with her cousins  i love my daughter 
@AyumiDangerrr YAY! my sister and i will be there..see  u soon!! 
kickin it with my brother who's better than yoursssssssssss! 
@grungeheart_ LOL I'm 44/I wear bifocals/daughter is 20/son is 15/I act 12/my exwife is the most amazing woman alive/anything else? 
@DavidArchie aww yayy!  your brother &amp; cousin are doing a chat with us &amp; singing! lol 
@MarcyChen lol those dried mangoes r addicting!! I asked my cousin to send me some 
@tygmiller hahahha.. No we are not... I was mistaken... I thought you were indo...  no gossiping..  asking my lovely cousin not gossip..
@sashapurse tutulungan kita soul sis!!!!  that's what soul sisters are for!!! ^-^
Just got back from my cousin's game, which I didn't watch but instead stayed at Apyang's house. HAHA. I'm a baaad cousin. 
bahahaha, kicked brother off computa = ]] i is happy 
Finally I found my sister  -&gt; TheABchan *squeez*
still laughing and a little amazed, thinking about the healing lady and my cousin... 
@realradiosteve u were certainly dashing, in more ways than one  I was goin to shout I'm moanyboot but my cousin slapped me lol bitch
@yaboiksar I outta make you go in with me. You would look like my little sister and I'd not look so funny. 
Going to make pizza for my lil brothers 
shopping with my mom &amp; my sister. 
@offsetmuzik run freeeeeeee brother run free 
i left my husband &amp; daughter in the bed this a.m....atleast 1 of us is being productive today  
@meredithmnewman hey can you have your sister look at my sister's etsy? she needs to sell one or two to feel better about herself 
I just dropped almost 100 dollars on my niece...but she's my little mama. 
At the factory of cheesecakes with the cousins &amp; nephew 
sitting here starring pc monitor, my son finally went to sleep after wearing me down, i love being a father though 
I have a sister-in-law 
@musicinmysoul not yet cuz my sister took us out.. so when I get home that's the first thing I'm going to do.. 
@tmistwit coz, my cousin looks just like u, and his older than me... 
@yumstationary your son and my son would get along. 
@thecutiedisease That is our family friend's son and he is so precious! 
I love my niece. 
staying up all niight with my cousin 
feedind darling daughter 
@ericmcollins congrats on your new born niece! 
my nephew just woke me  he's so cute xD
with all the cousins 
http://twitpic.com/5cni0 -  i love my son
I want it to be pretty, to reflect me, but I also want it to be simple as well as easy for my sister the carry around...I'll sleep on it 
helping my brother renovating my bathroom! 
has just added his brother 
Gmorninggggggg internet  - already doing my hair &amp; nagging my younger cousin xD
@Home and lerning some math with my son 
visiting my grandparents 
nevermind, talking with my brother. We know how to destroy planets 
playing with my cousin. 
watching the jonas brothers 
going to see my cousins 
gets to watch her wonderful sister-in-law graduate tonight!! 
i think im going to go &amp; wake my cousin up to make me breakfast 
about to drive home...i just have to wait for an adult over the age of 21 called my father. 
@Joejonas1fan1  i know right.    i love him, and his two lovely brothers,    
Going to lunch with my fam  then back my aunt's place to play wii with my cousins..
yay! father's about to make me food 
My cousin is as big as a house ... the baby should be coming today 
I think I'm gonna call my brother's girlfriend later... 
@joebuckingham haha. How do you feel! The jonas brothers rock! 
watching role modles and my baby brother 
watching the nj housewives with the mother 
@mother_war 
Getting some trash bags from my uncle and my cousin gonna make my dinner today  daddy may not be around but they've always looked out 
@xlilcutiepie one is unfortunately taken but the other not  + their my cousin's cousins LOLL. &amp; theyr about 20 yrs old 
Putting my nephew to bed, he his so tired 
i have an adorbale baby cousin 
Shopping w/ my sister 
@TiaMowry your brother is sMEXy!! 
Having lunch with the brother and sister 
@IamJulito awwwww I didn't know u had a daughter 
at my fav. aunt and uncles house for my cousin's graduation party! all the cool ppl must be graduating in '09 
@RyanSeacrest good son! 
@solixir I would bet on playing w/son &amp; nephew. That's what always does it for me 
Watching my sister run on the wii fit...she looks funny 
Having coffee with lover n sisters 
@thehippie_xoxo you just said brothers girlfriend haha you mean boyfriends sister 
@Rattatattat it's so eerily perfect  how old is your nephew?
@lawreca bahaha I'm buying it for my sister 
Just enjoyed a beer with my aunt and uncle  I love my family!
Watching how i met your mother 
My brother is a genius, wireless printing is now available  hahaa koolies
just fed my niece, she is so cute. 
am doing absolutely nothing!!! and just waiting for brothers and sisters 
@EMILIOOOOOO you know how we do son... 
@MissNickyHilton O my gosh I wish i had a sister like you  your truly wonderful!
@lavioleblanche i hope your sister gets well 
@prettyprunes nope, my brother hehe 
@slainwithsatan consider it done  following your sister now
@honeystayfly thanks!  mary was the older sister right? i think i read 1 of them. i had her books but never found the time to read it
@slainwithsatan done I'm now following your sister  shes on my list of others that i'm following
http://twitpic.com/5f2nc - i love my littlest brother 
@foreverivy haha I know,  I also sang it to my brother haha geez it was funny.
@LindseytheFirst I think my youngest saying labradog is so funny I never try to correct her 
@hellorhiannon men are silly. although i do like my brother, he just went to the shop and got me some nice food 
And about dinner yesterday. It was to announce my cousin and her boyfriend is having a child! Yay, them! 
@Firequacker  No, that'd be my sister ... I, on the other hand, am simply a drama queen  x
#musicmonday jonas brothers-paranoid 
my sister's debut was awesssoooome, i haaad sooo muuuch fuun 
brothers and sisters 
@textualoffender sweet mother. you're not into those kinda men now? nice 
@lepuppypalace I love you more than any of the rest of my brothers on here mom! 
bonding with my cousins! hahah! saya! 
@candice5355 , how good was brothers and sisters  i love justin, but that kyle guy that likes rebecca is realllyyy hot  lol
@jessyz Actually she still  she hasn't no brother or sisters and she is the family's first child.so am her only friend 
@Misspopov tell me aboyt it.@nessie111 is my eldest twitter daughter.i am mom to official twitter family.lol 
desperate housewives and brothers and sisters tonight 
@influxed at least you get to see your amazing sister!!! 
gone to lena's  ...how boring...but i may see my favorite aunt and uncle and their chewauhah....  ...
@TheRealJordin my brother, sister and I bought my mum one for mothers day 
is swapping cars with his sister 
At my aunts house. It was raining and my cousin was stoked, it was so funny! 
im going to my uncle's condo finally lol  xD
@markhoppus I will show this song to my brother with his bass! He will enjoy it 
@Hip_M0M I am glad it helps you to talk about it.    I lost a baby at 14 weeks between my son and my youngest daughter.  I still remember.
may be go hang out with my cousins 
My niece danced with andrew and now she is on cloud 9 
maybe go hang out with my cousins 
@chunkyrican You my little sister are also up late...  
@MryEmery son nom ? 
@tehlike I will ask my son  or do you want to help
@hothusband_01  do u have any brothers or sisters?
My sister told me that customs laughed hard when they saw her pic in the passport. How embarrassing is that!  
aww @lisamricci I hope it works  @andydick &amp; his son deserve it .
sometimes I think I'm the big sister this can get really annoying from time to time...however lol i mean he's my brother so 
I know i'm young but if I had to choose him or the sun i'd be one nocturnal son of a gun 
@JoJoWright ask your mother. 
i fuckin hate my sister 
@ForsakenOrder going out tonight with my sister for the rest we'll just have to see  you?
has just been informed by his father that his half-brothers have started guitar lessons and are growing their hair long haha! 
@nickybyrneoffic i know what that feels like, i've got a niece and a nephew who like to get up at 6am. 
I'm off to help my sister make her wedding invitations 
In ulladulla with my beautiful cousins!! xo 
@judith yay for adorable nephew! yay for philly! (where i am currently located) 
@SbutterAMfly Amen sister 
@beckylucas citipointe becky!born and bred!! 
@DutchDachshund:@RosieandDaisy I had a younger brother who was all black too with some brownish red markings... Sounds cute! 
@Gtorinno yoi yoi uncle gave  http://myloc.me/1nJK
watching borat with my sister, hilarity continues. 
@kellykba I think I love your mother. 
There's many ppl looking at my sister's shoes 
@postsecret She's incredibly lucky to have a father like you. 
@pebbles1066 I wish I could take credit for that but I'm paraphrasing my little cousin. She's brilliant  
I'm such a proud uncle right now. 
talkin to my cousin 
i became an uncle again on wednesday. my other little sister had her baby girl. i'm excited and can't wait to get some pictures. 
Playing outside with my little brother 
@akgw Thanks! you too. Heading there with my cousin/Rishee to hang out with friends and off course his wife 
@navawritz yessss, we definitely will! i sure hope it's a girl... would be a nice balance. and her older brother can watch out for her. 
@xoxxnicolexxox haha my grandparents, aunt and cousins live there! just visiting them over the weekend. 
sitting with my sister catching up 
My sister&amp;I, just made cheesy fries. 
Me and my brother are talking ghetto through text 
just put my daughter to bed...  now i can go too!
my sister is homeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! 
So is this what they're saying? 'Go shopping with your mother'? 
@gabsi LOL We must introduce our daughters to each other - mine says similar to me  
@patriciaco i love the jonas brothers too.. 
currently at the hospital, visiting my new born cousin! 
I think I am going to be a singer and a actress and my brother is going to drive me around mwahahahaha. 
@mizzmadpie I now have a British cousin... 
My host brother is amazingly hott.  I am so happy here. 
At the heist w the cousins!? 
@vshchen My sister and her boyfriend are going to enter that competition - So it might be a conflict of interest for me to do it 
just watched father's nightmare  @emilygimmel n the beautiful #southernbelles ...sin city baby!
@theirishduck I think it's at my brother and sisters place. But omg! I will do more blogs with ikearabbit 
@kyliexmonster i hear ya sister 
Later today going to travelling funfair with godson, his sister and his mother. I'm the one whos taking him to rides 
@keron At least you don't count or hear like your father  (I recall your experience skyping with him)
my cousin's here, staying with us. she's super adorable. 
Thing that makes me proud for being my siblings big sis: their musical taste. 
@EdCullenReaLady heya sis. have you herd ima mother nowee 
my litol cousin is crying again becoz of me.  witch me, bwahaha.
@mparaz i work for him! his sons go there.  but he's a nice guy! really nice father.
@wordvise U can meet my cousins there 
@mikeslackenerny To the slaughter, bring your daughter  #yodastyle
my sister is here  woo hoooo! going shopping with her and then revising i swear 
you gotta respect the market..its everyone's father...never miss with ur father 
