Most common words for this cluster:
[('sleep', 1188), ('night', 131), ('sleeping', 74), ('cant', 56), ('hours', 52), ('time', 36), ('lol', 32), ('day', 26), ('lack', 23), ('hrs', 21), ('morning', 20), ('work', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'sleep', 0.9528639316558838), (u'sleeping', 0.7361960411071777), (u'calm_Valdemar', 0.683827817440033), (u'wakings', 0.6662101745605469), (u'overweight_Mindell', 0.6654118299484253), (u'nap', 0.6595270037651062), (u'slept', 0.6541439890861511), (u'Adam_Kuligowski', 0.6516537666320801), (u'unrefreshed', 0.6425778865814209), (u'restful_sleep', 0.637306272983551)]





@Dangerm0use I think maybe you should get a couple more hours of sleep, hon. How productive can you be right now if ur dog tired? I worry 
I had a horrible nightmare last night which affected my sleep, now I'm really tired 
cant sleep  she wants to dream!!
tired but cant sleep............. 
again with the fucked sleep... ive decided to go do homework instead 
i had 7 hours of sleep and now i cant go back to sleeping  im thirsty
o have too much on my mind and is trying to write it all down so maybe i can get some sleep before class...it's not really working 
cant sleep once again. i need to cuddle 
Wishing I could get some sleep, but that probably isn't going to happen tonight 
I'm wish I wouldn't have drank coffee all day long, need sleep, must sleep, can't sleep 
i didn't have enough sleep 
That overnight screwed up my sleep. 
seems to be coming down with a cold, which might help to explain the poor sleep 
Getting ready for school, can't seem to focus my eyes yet...not a good sleep. 
Painfully slow night, made more painful by a serious lack of sleep 
would have liked to have gotten more sleep last night! 
tired but cant sleep 
Teaching on very little sleep: This will be fun. 
I seriously need some sleep 
i'm so tired right now guys, i've had loads of sleep :| its really wierd! Not well 
@Danubus Yay, sleep is good. I slept awful though 
I have the sleep eyes   I think I need to go back to sleep lol..laterz twitters
has an ear ache...   hoping to get some sleep soon.
Working til 5 on very little sleep 
is awake now....had a very restless sleep 
I feel poopy  I need more sleep time
i'm being selfish for sleep i  think. 
@saritaonline i was like that before..not having a regular sleep..insomia..but i really tried to fix it..its not good when it fires back. 
will try to get some rest...sleep...get well...  http://plurk.com/p/owcjv
I'm exhausted and about to take a sleeping pill... 
A bit worried sun coming up &amp; no sleep managed yet despite temazepam 
bout to get some sleep, could't sleep last night 
sleep. goodnight. early sunday for me 
@Jezriyah   I hope your sleep is better than your day.
is trying to get some sleep.  i already miss matthew... 9 freakin months until i see him again, including 1 deployment. 
had a blast with the play and karaoke!  Now it's time to catch up on sleep and homework. 
Three am. No sleep 
My poor dog's not feeling well.  She threw up an hour ago and now I think she's having a bad dream.  She's whining in her sleep. 
should be in bed but cant sleep. 
three days...five ambiens...no sleep. if i start seeing snakes, i'm checking in. 
@johnianmarshall I didn't realize until my mind was on sleeping. 
Waking up after just 5 hours of sleep..... Just have to much on my mind 
6:30am still no sleep  i dnt knw whats going on with my sleep track  sleeping too much and im not gettin out enough
volunteering at the fun run today. i want more sleep 
No church for me today, im sleep deprived to the max 
@ashsimpsonwentz I had zero sleep it sucks 
i can't even escape him in my sleep. i keep having wonderful dreams about him. 
cant sleep cant sleep cant sleep cant sleep somone give me some sleeping pills arghh hate this 
12 hours of sleep hell yessssss. i'm really hungry but we have no food in our house. homework time 
sleep away my sorrow 
cant sleep...and wishing my roomie was awake to talk to meeee 
sleep really isn't working out for me. 
So bored cant sleep 
Ah!  need sleep... my lack of sleep is starting to make me feel kinda sick 
No sleep and I tried my hardest to sleep 
i slept so terribly last night...i got no sleep. i'm sooo tired now  zZzZ
is enjoying her morning, although I had NO sleep 
count sleep...only got bout 3 hours of sleep and now going to lovely school! oh what joy! 
i love being able to get things done early in the morning..but i hate missing my sleep.. 
@Aubslace i also couldnt sleep  sucks doesnt it
is off to work again on little sleep. 
cant sleep again 
is exhausted...didn't get a wink of sleep last night 
Six hours of sleep?  I'm gonna need a nappy soon.
cant sleep.......i have so much on my mind right now 
@michaelewiggam This yacht sprung a leak due to lack of sleep. 
i'm getting less and less sleep each night 
cant sleep  ughhhhhh
is still up, cant sleep 
I'm really starting to hate traveling east - I need more sleep 
I need just one more hour of sleep. But I don't have time 
Losing an additional 30 minutes of sleep makes me a saaaaaaad panda 
i don't like being up this early after disturbed sleep 
 a big angry spider was crawling in my blankeys  i flicked it to the floor and cant sleep now
I'm totally going to sleep now. Uhgg...that midnight movie really screwed up my sleep schedual. Aaannnd! I even hit the gym earlier too! 
i guess ill goto sleep like everyone else 
I guess if I really want to sort my sleeping out, I should go to bed earlier and wake up earlier. But that's like shifting timezones 
I'm trying to get some sleep...but I can't sleep.  
the sun is rising over the lake...and i'm at work O_o no sleep so far 
just woke up... cant sleep  
cant sleep, not feeling well 
getting ready 2 go to a car show with the 'rents. wtf was I thinking?? still no sleep 
I just can't get a good night sleep in a hotel anymore. 
up early, cant sleep 
@clubemp i was totally being a good girl and didnt even drink! had to come to work early  but i had like the worst sleep ever
Wow, even after a few extra hrs of sleep, I still feel drunk. And my phone is still not working 
Is feeling a little spaced out this morning...think i need more sleep 
getting zero sleep before i hafta get up early again 
extremely sad that my neighbors are partying in their room. it's so loud... and i can feel the vibrations... and i'm sick and need sleep 
@sumares not really...cant sleep 
@baxterburgundy not enough room under the toilet. It needs to keep me company.  get some sleep. Hopefully you can relax in the am
feel quite ill actually... lack of sleep surely can't help 
@RachaelPhillips Yes but a non-consentual kind of sleep though  I do believe it stops you lying too, or having any free will in general
is seriously craving for sleep..  http://plurk.com/p/ri996
needs to get a few hours of sleep before she has to get up and see her parentals before they leave 
is passing kidney stoneS...   fading out...attempting sleep....pray for me, please
I've ruined my sleeping pattern. 
yay for no sleep. church will be tiring tomorrow 
Finally in bed- though a comfortable night's sleep may still be a luxury 
Just woke up! Wow that was a short sleep 
Ugh, another night of awful sleep, if it could even be that 
just had a long sleep and now awake but don't want to get out of bed 
is tired but cant sleep       LOGIES!!
my baby's coughing in his sleep  was so bad yesterday, he threw up his dinner.
need to get some sleep ... but after last night ... i'm not sure i'm looking forward to sleeping ... 
Two days and still no sleep ffs 
I was really looking forward to getting some sleep, but it looks like it's not happening... 
I feel sick   ..maybe I should've gotten some sleep.
Ugh..I need to get back to regular sleeping habits 
Trying 2 sleep but sadly can't 
I've gave up, sleep is not an option anymore. And it is now 5.04 
Currently In school  wants her 8 hour beauty sleep.
Is wondering why shes still up. I just cant sleep. 
going to sleeep... zzz... he's holding me  ... I feel good ... for now 
i didn't know you could actually lose sleep over something.....until now 
isn't going to sleep tonight.  It's 3 hours until I need to wake up. Sleeping now means no waking up at 6:30a...
@jessymar HAHA it's horrible  I think my lack of sleep makes me cranky :o
One sleep and back on the plane to melbourne 
I'm twitsessed&lt;--LOL!!!! I can't sleep. again. I'm having non-sleep nights, they've to end, because in going back to school (may 6) 
I'm twitsessed&lt;-LOL!!!! I can't sleep. again. I'm having non-sleep nights, they've to end, because I'm going back to school (may 6) 
Literally didn't get any sleep at all last night; school is going to be brutal 
@stevebomford i didnt have much sleep 
*yawn* still need 5 mours of sleep 
@aaronrva - those two hours of sleep, made me feel muchhhh worse. About to start working, one more page to go. 
Running on 5 hours of sleep  fuck
So very tired... It sux working thru the weekend B/c i cant ever catch up on sleep 
everyone is sleep now!! 
tired have been on facebook for the whole night  need sleep lol
i'm soo tired...4 hrs of sleep...rough night  I have chondrocondritus until it goes away, then working on the whole heart problem
is exhausted.  No sleep is finally catching up with me. 
can't seem 2 go 2 sleep &amp; i have 2 work 2night 
i want a hot bath and lots of sleep. 
@fighttheprocess i know  i am so drained i have been there since 12! D: and i have to pull an all night too.. running on low sleep!
@kendrajaderossi bowling where? I was supposed to go to koi and out w @realmarycarey but I'm dying of sleep deprivation. 
is realllyyyyyy sleep  I think I'm gonna call it a night.
Missing my mom and hoping for some peaceful sleep for a change...wishing the loneliness would fade.... 
awake after only four hours of sleep 
@AFMPeetah I am one with insomnia which gets in the way of my sleeping 
cant sleep at all 
sunnn finnalllyyy!!  aint slept :| need some sleep 
cant sleep. having the worst hiccups ever 
Laying in bed all night coughing your lungs up and not getting any sleep is not fun. Why do they only get that bad at sleep time 
I can't fall asleep again.  i need more sleep.
@myu_myu lol, I never get a chance to get a good sleep 
So, again I had no sleep this weekend. I'm about to die  ickkkky. Or I might be turning nocturnal?
Still sick  ready 2 sleep!
Its nearly 4am and I'm still awake  I hate having trouble with sleep
I just want to get some dang sleep.... @regiscannon won't wAke up when I call 
@rocktimusprime are you in bed  go sleep plsplspls
@ianlatham sleep? sleep?  I may never sleep again now you've told me of the army of minature men in my bedroom 
Cramps are withholding me from sleep.   Owwwweeeez.
I haf a nightmare last night  I was actually screaming in my sleep.
i have two midterms tomorrow.....  well bout to get my 3.5 hours of sleep so i can wake up and study again!!!
Would love to get some sleep right now  hate early flights!
Not having a good night sleep..  
Is so tired. I need massive amounts of sleep. Would be better if I had my beautiful girlfriend snuggled up next to me. I miss her 
4.45am sleep patterns still all messed up! 
Ugh I want more sleep. 
wish they let me go home tmrw, its freezing and noisy here. cant sleep well. i miss my bed 
i cant' sleep. that was a no no taking two naps. man, i'll probably knock out around three. 
I was a sleep sleep! Now getting ready for the job 
@zarinah me toooo tried that sleep thing..didn't work, wish they carts down here..steak n eggs from downtown BANGIN 
I'm up early enough *sigh* you can say I didn't get any sleep  but it's okay I can work it
I definitely need to get used to this morning schedule.......my sleep patterns r all off! 
birth day tommorow! loosing sleep. also because of my cold 
@ChrisEfs Hey youuuuu, did you get some sleep? The birds kept me awake  haha. x
up at 10. slept at 5 
@louiebaur Sleeping under the stars with friends and 4 wheeling is a great time wish I got to do it more. 
up at 10, slept at 5 
getting up and going to work    I need more sleep...
Hating what this deployment is doing to him and I...no sleep, stressed to the limit and financially drained 
@Raniabubu am so happy that you enjoyed it but from the other side I didn't watch it  I felt a sleep
I feel disgusing. And cant' sleep 
My sleep schedule is officially reversed 
just woke up out of a dead sleep, only to realize it was 1:07, and B never called to say happy birthday.  Promptly started crying. 
Its too early to be up. I need more sleep 
had loads of scarydreams and no sleep and now tired and scared  sound like i'm 5, but not happy haha
@JUNJiHEE  maybe lack of sleep?
I'm wondering when I'll finally get a good sleep!! I'm so tired and still can't get any rest 
ugh. cant sleep. 
I got 12hrs of sleep last night but I'm still too sick to go to church 
@Joddiiee gtg.sleep  #itvfail #mugglesspace #wang #chatfail #screw:15
has horrible sleeping patterns 
argh sick  third nite with out any sleep
neeeeeeeeeeeeding a good sleep and shower. 
Uhg angels and demons was amazing but my sleep last night was not 
cant sleep  nabila&amp;sadhe have sleep and i just dont know what to do. its 2 am ~.$
goin 2 sleep..not feelin that hot..  
i'm bored. cant sleep well lately 
sleep time. pretty bummed out.  . . whatever. I guess ill just have to deal with it.
jeez. so little sleep.. need more time to hangout 
@naughtyhaughty me too me too. we're on the same boat. :\ but do get some sleep soon 
I hate wakin up from cryin in my sleep 
Why cant i fucking sleep like a normal person 
No sleep = I think I'm going to die. 
Late nights also mean for headaches due to lack of sleep  boo
cant sleep.. I don't feel good. 
Still getting over a cold...and need sleep depite having to get up in a bout an hour. 
@dragonthorn My sleep schedule is messed up too.  I wish I were tired 
@greyseer I really wish I could ship you some sleep 
My mouth hurts so bad. Sleeping it off today. I need the pharmacy to open asap... 
That sleep was weird, now off to do calculus... 
why did I volunteer to help clean out a storage unit... make that 2? missing sleep 
i need to effin sleep now!!!  ugh! why on earth i need to wake up so early tom. hahaha!
did not get a wink of sleep last night....I think Cilas has an ear infection 
Is hurting SO bad..I think I moved the wrong way in my sleep..But it feels more like a pulled muscle..Owwwww! 
@thisisbrian actually No  i didnt. So wack. This weekend my sleep patterns were so un comfortable. I need shrimp to feel better lol
why am i not a sleep yet?! 
omggggggggg I was about to go to sleep and my 75yr old dementia patient just came downstairs...she cant sleep which = no sleep for  tj 
Finally going to attempt to get some sleep... 
I need a long sleep due to lack of sleeping. Urghh i wish i didnt have to work 
Almost 4am and I still cant sleep. So lame 
@rebecca_1990 i think you're gone when my parents are too. No sleep over 
sleep. lets hope. i feel sick now though 
Still not 100%. I need some heavy fuel or a 2 day sleep 
i wish add didn't get the best of me and my sleeping pattern 
Ughhhh back to work until 2 after barely getting any sleep  text.
Terrible night's sleep...the girl peed the bed (my bed), then I woke up with stomach cramps. 
i wish chris would leave!! Raidens sleeping for heavens sake.......its my sleep time toooooooo  !!!
I failed at sleeping through the night again I'm freaking out at my lack of sleep lately it's not good 
can't sleep  my stomach hurts and im sooo tired from cleaning my room!! what can I do to get a good night sleep around here :\
carching up on sleep after late night at hospital  feeling better &amp; loving sunshine in my window!
4 hrs of restless sleep = no bueno  
laying in bed bored, tired as all heck and cant sleep 
tired, need more sleep.  going shopping at 1, so text me?
@apthemayor  sleepy here just cant sleep  how are you?
3.5 hours of sleep is no bueno.  
@lidles yeahh  all well mum can explain to all of them why and now she owes me like dubble sleep overss hehe 
@cokelogic no sleep yet??  i definitely know that feeling..happens almost on a nightly/daily basis to me..i can sing some of key lullabies
@cokelogic no sleep yet??  i definitely know that feeling..happens almost on a nightly/daily basis to me.i can sing some off key lullabies
I miss my bed... and my sleep  
woo i can give plasma today...and then i am coming home to take a nap because i only got 5 hours of sleep 
I think I cried in my sleep last night, but I can't remember what I was dreaming about. 
Helping my mom switch classrooms  this blows I got like an hour of sleep
@serena_eliza that's how i feel sometimes even after a good night's sleep. i'm sorry you feel like you've been run over. 
feels like its so early! i guess it could be because i didnt get my full amount of sleep last night 
i should update this more, i should also go to sleep... too bad my mind is on fire.  Makes sleep very difficult 
my sleep schedule is sooo off!  ... i*m so unsettled this evening - boo! &amp; it*s raining ...
exhausted but cant sleep!!! 
could really use a few extra hours in my bed, stupid sleep pattern going crazy 
up working. i soooooo cant sleep 
I wish i had wireless then i could tweet in my sleep. i might have to come out of pocket for that router. all the neighbour's are locked 
@tristansmom103 all I wanna do is go to bed but hubby let oldest kid sleep while I was in the shower and now hes awake 
Thinking I might have to go back on sleeping pills... 
sleep? what's that?! 
looks like no sleep for me tonight 
was just woken up by a drunken call..now cant sleep 
Wtf is wrong with me..im not like this....i need some sleep. 
@raaaaaaek oh too bad! I hope it gets better. I've been having sleep issues lately too 
seriously bored without anyone to talk to... but not tired enough for sleep 
scratch that; sleep on a stage bound. 
@talentdmrripley  maybe a good night's sleep for everyone?
Feeling so rough today, just want a cuddle and some sleep 
@kimoraklein my sleep pattern is screwed i need to try and stay up 2 midnight so i can get some decent sleep coz i havent slept 
sleep? what's sleep again? I've seem to have forgottten the meaning. too much on my mind. or it's just my usual insonmia. 
where has my sleep run off to?? 
Trying to get some sleep but cant  i gotta wake up early for my doctors appointment too ugh!!
Has horrible toothache, and had only a wink of sleep  xx
4 hours of sleep, a migraine, again? What is wrong with me?    hate my life
@mileycyrus I think i have same disorder, stay up al night 4 no reason n sleep al day !!  SUUUKS
2 days without sleep and now a migraine. I thought life postR01 was meant to be relaxing 
So freaking tired. I want my sleep pattern to be normal 
i am the only arabic girl who's online  every one is  a sleep ..
Really really cant sleep  x
@mia423 Sleeping in for me is sleeping until 8am  But you know I have 3 kids ....
@latinoboi1988 can't go 2 sleep without u laying next to me. 
watched hostel 2 and fell into a nightmare sleep 
@trniii you're quiet now  are you finally in shock from your lack of sleep?
i'm a bundle of worry...too much on the brain to get my four hours of sleep 
So tempting to keep hitting the snooze button this morning. I want more sleep 
sleep! zzz... but all alone 
@mylapa I should be working and packing but keoni is not interested in sleeping right now 
sleep. so much thinking to do... 
Leaning over the toilet attempting (not) to throw up. So much for sleep tonight 
trying 2 sleep, but can't cuz I miss HIM sooo much 
so sleepy, but cant sleep! whats shall I do? 
finaly had some sleep!! needed it so badly 
@jtauber This is an absolute first for me. Usually the a long sleep is actually what cures them for me. 
worst night sleep ever  supprised I didn't sleepwalk, usually do when it's hot.
@zenojones I'm sowwy  @sensual_tiff we need to be getting out beauty sleep!!! LoL
I'm starting to think this whole sleep thing isn't for me 
*yawwwn* finally, a decent sleep. late start though. 
@ririnyan - My sleep was fitful. If nothing else, I'd have liked more of it. 
is bored  cinema later though the sleep over (Y)
the lack of sleep is starting to hit me pretty badly 
No sleep. Starbucks mission.  i'm so tired
Would love to get a couple more hours of sleep but her mind is already moving too fast. 
feeling the affects of bottle poppin last night 3 hours of sleep at work til 5 
offf work... not really tired..tryina sleep 
Oh by da way. Sleeping in a car is not the best sleep at all.  oh well it got the job done.
got a wicked bad cold  gahhh. barely got any sleep cuz i was coughing so much. ugh
Y did dad had to pick me up @ 7am,I wanted to go swimming  n only got 3hours of sleep.
i gave up. i'll complete it tomorrow. lack of sleep. 
I can't have a sleep over 2nite  
@katbron - You're so sweet. She isn't doing well, can't keep anything down, threw up all over herself in her sleep. 
Needs to go sleep but its just too hot 
cant sleep. too noisy here  @paumin now?
about to go climb northhead after a terribly long sleep in... missed a few things this morning... ooops! 
How so little sleep?  
too hot to have any chance of sleep 
 lack of sleep and everything = low mood and probably a not so fun night
Finally in the apt. It's lonely and empty  inflating my bed getting ready for sleep time
coffee, study, eat, sleep...coffee, study, eat, sleep...thats the weekend for me...boo law school 
another night of no sleep 
Is dead tired  sleep time!
she [m]ust be sleep . 
So worn out... Only got 4 hrs of sleep and i just cant seem to go to sleep. 
@TeamSupreme You may be, but im not! I like sleep, lol...been up since 7 
I'm going to joes for a sleep over because my air is broken  Thanks you know who for falling asleep!
is wide awake, not by choice  I need more sleep!!
I cannot freakin sleep and my damn back hurts 
still feel very sick  maybe due to lack of sleep
cant sleep got heartburn really bad 
see i'm not doing this whole sleep thing right.  headache induced nap during the day=no regular sleep 
sleep.... why do you avoid me? 
didnt sleep enough again last night 
too hot . cant sleep . need food . too tired to go to the shops . bah 
trying not to crash....ugh no sleep  shopping is going to be a bitch!
awwww didnt sleep in the plane, now i'm all tired 
Trying to catch up on my sleep. You don't sleep much in the hospital- enemia makes you tired too 
9 more sleeps to go! 
everybody is asleep...  not fair, i'm goin through my no sleep stage again, it comes and goes. we'll see...
is going to eat then try to sleep. Why do I have trouble sleeping so often? 
4 hrs of sleep is NOT enough to function on anymore... I must be getting old! 
is awake... barely got any sleep... still depressed... fml 
Just woken up...thought sleep was magic for a few minutes...now feel like death again 
@nycjenny lack of sleep affects memory just about before everything else. 
not feeling too great: rhinitis is making it hard to get some sleep 
It's 2:30am and I can't sleep. I rolled over and woke up  stupid sleep disorder
i think i better sleep 
had a sleep in the car and might have one now , got a long day tomorro  x
@LolaHedoOnline causing mayhem and debauchery.. too tired right now and need sleep, but I probably wont. 
Is starting to feel the effects of working 2 jobs and never getting sleep 
insomnia? Cnt sleep  and tomorrow is exam
The lack of sleep from last night is now catching up with me! 
Needs to stop sleeping through her alarms. 
got up early for my ride to miss the 35C/95F heat. It's not hot! I wasted a sleep-in. 
got mexam 2moz and cant sleep 
really hot cant sleep  good thing i got family guy 
Ughhhh, I am so fucking tired! I need more sleep! 
is finishing up packing tonight and then doing some relaxing...i'm exhausted from lack of sleep 
@fryfan20 I can't sleep, also didint sleep at all last night either  ah such as life x
i hope i get a nice sleep tonight unlike the last two nights where i have woke in pain 
I felt really sleepy 2day. I didn' sleep well last nite 
@natlitter  yeah it stunk o well I caught up on some sleep
too hot to sleep!!! If I  leave open the window moths will fly in and attack me in my sleep..bad times 
Now 2:28 what is wrong with me i just cant sleep tonite  x
quietly im tired...but i really cant sleep..  insomnia..
The lightning scares me   It's also keeping me from sleep.
wow, only 2 hours sleep, and still a full boring day ahead!!  o crap lol
is so sleepy but cant sleep... maid expected any moment 
@frak I hope you get some.. sleep on the trip ;-)  I would be tired 
soooo pissed. during migraine mania I doped myself up with any kind of sleep medicine. and was knocked out during new moon trailer  
nice oneIll have to give that a chanceIneed all thehelpI can getIm so very tired but cant sleep  ... (via)
tired, but cant sleep..not good 
still cant sleep...        
i cant fucking sleep  i keep having the same nightmare.
cant sleep  think I have a sleeping disorder 
today is a miserable day. allergy meds aren't helping, i'm hungry, and freezing cold. i need to try and get some sleep 
@jradc I'm in bed ready for sleep. 
RLS sux got the jitters cant sleep 
cant sleep my stomach is killin me 
cant sleep at all but so tired 
cant sleep its already 2:00 am 
cant sleep...rainy moving day 
@dizzycoolbabe Me too I had an awful night sleep 
that might have been the worst night of sleep ever. i hate when you feel like you havent slept at all 
Three hours of sleep  fml
i wake up at 7, fell a sleep, and now im awake again. i liked the sleeping part 
I need more sleep.  Getting ready for school nevertheless.
i just need some sleep, 
had the worst night of sleep-ever- and is exhausted. 
I got one hour of sleep before I dropped off my mom at the airport. I feel so lonely now. 
(k) no sleep is bad for my moods.... 
ahaaa, sun stroke now  my eyes want to go sleep but nothing else does 
Please sleep well tonight  and no more weird dreams
Me no sleep enough  always :'(
@_CorruptedAngel sorry, really I am just knackered - must get big sleep tonight 
I think I may actually sleep tonight, I'm knackered. Sleeping droops better work  today was fun tho scooting about on a speed boat
right, i need to try and get some sleep. back to getting up at half 6 tomorow 
tired. want sleep. have to work. 
No sleep last night and mannn... Its catching up to me right now 
Humidity is 88% and temp is still 13c - no wonder i am still sweating and it's midnight - doubt i'll get a great sleep 
In bed but cant sleep  too much to think about!
cznt sleep!!!!!!! i cant bbelive how sore my foot is 
@junkienet poor thing  i hope you got some sleep last night!  nothing worse than having to work on no sleep
sleep please  mind is about to crash and burn
Its too warm cant sleep 
Hates when my sleep is being interrupted! :| 5 hours of sleep 
is sick....need sleep, some oj and some nyquil 
I dont feel good  cleaning up the house, doing some laundry, and relaxing. Hopefully I'll get some sleep!
They brought me a sofa ! So now I can get some real sleep....... right  http://twitpic.com/6fvin
My sleep debt is ridiculous. So much that one night of full sleep still left me feeling sleep deprived 
Another night of fail sleep. I just can't get warm 
I want to continue sleeping........... 
had a not so good day//sleep  i miss him!
trying sleep hypnosis to knock me out http://bit.ly/qZbcp  alt ill just go play computer games &amp; go without sleep 
One of those nights where it's super hard to get some sleep. 
@TomboyTigress My health mostly  But i'm not saying that i'm not getting lovin'. I wish that was my lack of sleep excuse
Doing an english portfolio! Not getting any sleep tonight 
Going back t0 sleep t0 escape reality!!...@least until 7am...    
trying to get back on a normal sleep sched 
Does not need a poorly dog after such little sleep 
going to try&amp;sleep  text
@IvanaE im dead too lol.. couldnt sleep 
my sleep is all messed up 
@thisgoeshere hahahaha. yeah. I'm gnna have to start sleeping early again..  its gnna be tough for me cuz I have insomnia problems...
too hot cant sleep 
reading, sleep, traffic school in the morning. 
sleep, and @hotcereal I can only imagine... 
No matter how hard I try I always seem to go to bed @ 12  wen will I get back to mi regular sleep pattern
I'm in my yellow!! try to have some sleep.. 
GAHH! cant sleep. everytime i lay down my stummy hurtsss.  
feeling dizzy...lack of sleep and too much coffee...feel like puking too  bleah
finally sleepy enough to get some sleep....damn I need a job so I can have a normal sleep schedule again 
trying 2 sleep, but i can't damn... something's wrong with me! 
i really need 2 take my ass 2 sleep but i cant 
Still cant sleep 
It's impossible to battle sleep. Why did I not hit the sack early last night! 
i cant effin' sleep ugh 
.... no sleep for the weary 
I have a bad sleeping schedule! Helpppp 
exhausted, didnt sleep very well last night 
@TheRockwell: honey, I hope you get more sleep  get that checked out. sleep is important.
@orlaaaaa91 haha i dont kno wher it went...i wont be able 2 sleep 2nit knowing it was here 
i guess ben and jerry's at 10 wasn't a good idea...no sleep til like 12... 
@elcinco from what I remember in economics, coffee is not a substitution for sleep. I wish it was 
@skywriting i completely agree. sleep isn't even a guaranteed cure 
just waking up. didnt sleep very well last nt 
I feel sick and I can't sleep  I had plenty of nightmares during the 4 hrs of sleep I did get though
@SeanPincombe alas, sleep has now won for me too 
its riteee hott=/ i guess nt much sleep again 
is really trying to be productive but this lack of sleep just caught up to me. 
and i'm back...cudnt sleep...ate some biscuits, tried writing a song, did some browsing and still i'm not sleepy 
Fightn the urge to nap right now  I have beadn to do, sleep is for the unbusy!
i had 2 get up at 7 this morning and now im stuck at mums work... i thought i was going 2 sleep in 
cant sleep  and i have to get up @ 5 
where did my sleep go? 
Trying for sleep...its not going so well 
thinks its to got to even think about sleep 
I really wanna sleep all night long but... I don't know if I will... 
Effing ill..   cnt sleep  
Laying here cant sleep, sad, lonely, and thirsty 
This boy is depriving me of sleep and he isnt even doing anything! This is so sad  [23]
maybe getting sick from lack of sleep!! 
Y did i take dat nap earlier cant go 2 sleep 4 shit!! 
My eyelids are so heavy! But I kno soon as I fall asleep my allgeries will start and ill be coughing. All I need is a good nite sleep 
@mcraddictal Please don't worry  just get some sleep!
 it gets harder each time he leaves. I haven't been able to get a goodnight sleep since then. i miss him
my sleep schedule is all sorts of messed up 
I lost to the sleep  now forcing myself to get back into study for the next 5 hours
goodnite to all  but lets c if i can get any sleep 
I turned off that tv and lights i been laying in the dark and i still cant sleep 
I really need to stop worrying about my stupid inadequacies as an actress or I'm never going to get any sleep. 
@majorcakeent yeah i kno i really cant sleep 
no sleep again 
procrastinating sleep for a couple reasons... the living room smells like smoke and alcohol,.... and i'm having to sleep alone... 
Simply must get some sleep  #E3
I give up on sleep for today. No nap. 
sleeeppyy after drinking the nastiest vodka going if you can call it vodka that is?? and getting no sleep, now off to campus to work 
Is still awake and the sun is rising    i think its about time to get some sleep
@ShapeThrower mine are triggered by a break in sleep; I never have a lay in on the weekend 
Ugh. So tired. 30 mins of sleep wasn't enough. 
I definitely didn't get any sleep last night 
feels really sick  is in bed tring to get an early night but cant sleep. this still counts as resting right???
Yawning. I desperately need some sleep, but cant 
@PrincessSuperC you need sleep   shoo shoo lol
@IrishMel21 re:sleep...that's too bad  I hope ur able to get some good rest soon....sleep deprivation is the worst - I feel for ya
Thunderstorms are cool and all, but not when they rob me of sleep. 
working and trying so so soooo hard not to be sad while i sit here and drink coffee to make up for my two hours of sleep 
too early  I need more sleep
@DevineMissN  LOL it better be, i got no sleep last night because of it  
 it gets harder each time he leaves. I haven't been able to get a goodnight sleep since then. i miss him
I havent got decent sleep in dayss 
i think i need to sleep now!ive been lacking sleep for months! 
bout super sleepy. like to the maxxxxxx  3 hrs of sleep is nottt the business!
working a double shift on the worst night's sleep ever. not fun. 
ughh...insomnnia sucks..I have to get up for work in 6 hours and cant sleep for the life of me 
I don't want to stay up late...I keep falling sleep 
@mrkrgnao   are you catching up on sleep at least?
I've been tossed aside for sleep. Shouldn't suprise me, nothing new. But still 
wish my health kick included sleep. insomnia again. 
gahh! still cant sleep  someone entertain me
This weather isn't helping the fact that I got no sleep last nite 
i think i punched myself in my sleep... 
why do humans need sleep?? seriously if life's too short why waste time by sleeping?? anyway yeah i need some sleep  boring boring boring
I am in my bed trying to get sleep 
Another sleep deprived night  yawn
Going to sleep already 2:32 am here. Sleeping problems I'm welcoming you again tonight!  see ya guys!
so tired -_-... ill go &amp; sleep...so sad it's friday and imgoing to sleep... 
loveupeople   good luck for me, n i hope that i'll get some sleep PLEASE!
Why am I always tired so early? I can't even get up out of my recliner to put away my knitting needles, I'm gonna sleep here. 
@dinography I have a little, I havnt had alot of sleep myself 
@perfectdenial not tonight I need sleeps! 
My sleeping schedule is all sorts of screwed up. 
i wonder if my pain could chill out for abit so i could get some sleep but i doubt it cause it never does 
sleep! waking up at 5 have to go and take a test at 8  wow on a saturday, they have no lives!
cant sleep...i hate this 
Off to bed now. I sure hope I can get some sleep... 
I can't sleep i guess another night without any sleep 
@aappril no i cant.  I was sleepy when i was on the couch, bt when i went to my room my sleep went away.
Almost done packing. I set my alarm for 5am  so much for sleep
up n cant sleep  
Ugh, cant sleep 
Wow what a sleep in 
Just got home. Sleeping with my mom because of andy's scary stories. 
- @littlecharva - you'll be pleased to know I did not have a nice night's sleep, even in a comfy bed ;) even a sleeping bag would be same 
thinking that sleep wasn't long enough soo off i trot to work .. 
cant sleep. i hate living alone 
Is so frustrated because she has to get up in two hours and cant sleep at allll 
@MartMcD I don't do liquid types. At all. The beechams let me get some sleep - until my alarm decided to turn itself on 
I am just back from alton towers really tired and cant sleep 
@ickleinnocentme  get more sleep the sawahbear
Missing my cheeky little devil had no sleep as I got drunk last night and then went up the airport completely sober now....bad times 
Why good morning sun ... I didn't want to be awake to see you rise ! Fuckk  its 430 still no sleep
Why do I always wake up early on weekends?  Sleeping in occasionally would be nice. 
says wide awake now. Sleeping later would pose a big problem.  http://plurk.com/p/yv5ts
 sleep time is now
I didnt get any sleep last night...ugh 
wtf. laid down to take a nap at 6:30..next thing i know, it's midnight. &amp; now i'm awake. almost 12 hrs of sleep. missed the party 
trying to manage my sleep...can't wake up till midnight again... 
Oh how I wish I was normal when it came to sleeping. I am the lightest sleeper ever.  its horrible
after the power came on last night I finally fell asleep, but had the most frightening nightmares. I was probably screaming in my sleep 
@TheRealSavage: well lol, i don't always, but i did last night. some of that good sleep too, finally. i've been having bad sinus problems 
Looking at homes is not fun to me...  need more sleep.
I was so tired. I really need to have better sleep patterns. As a result, I've just woken up from a 3h-nap  I feel better but still...
working nights is becoming increasingly difficult for me in terms of sleep, and I never seem to get much accomplished around the house 
Needs to eat, sleep, drink and breath law, psychology and media for the next 10 days if she wants to go to uni!!! 
Trying 2 sleep but i cant 
Everyone is having sleep overs, what the balls! 
At the apartment this avro, I text-twittered a haiku while waiting for sleep country to deliver a bed. It appears to have not made it. 
My sleep patterns are seriously messed up  watching the break-up though. I love jennifer anniston!
cant sleep and its like 1.30 am  i think i'ma try to get some sleep, i neeeed it 
@pluginbabyS No.  lol! But i caught up on my sleep though. =]
struck  sleep is the best medicine.
I am - sooooo tired.  sleep soon? I wish. http://tumblr.com/xdz1yylg6
not good sleep, felt weird in my stomach all night 
i feel ill. cant sleep. 
@HiiPeople because i went 2 the footy and i got home at like 3am and i couldnt fall 2 sleep 
tooo tierd to eat? what im going crazy need some sleep! 
time for sleep, no homework completed 
lame...txt me. ill be waiting. cant sleep. 
I know i said i was going to bed.  I'm so bad at sleeping.  
Ahhh cnt sleep......even with the bf here 
why are there creepy noises coming from outside my door? ugh not seeing a good peaceful sleep anytime in my future 
sleep now please. I can't stop thinking about spiders 
Oh man I'm so tired  but I can't go 2 sleep cause I promised @xoxomilliexoxo that I'd take pictures. lol
when can i have a good sleep? ive been battling these thing for ages.  need to have good sleeping habit.
Going to bed...hoping that i will actually get some sleep tonight with this massive sun burn 
Studying Japanese on 3 hours of sleep has given me one hell of a headache 
What a horible night! I dont know what to think or do  im just gonna sleep on it
sleepy but not allowed to sleep or I'll be staying up late tonight...and that definitely will ruin my sleep program... 
Why in the world are there twin beds...Sleeping alone is not fun at all   i just wanna cuddle with someone right now
hopefully I can get some sleep...so far it doesn't look like it 
Restless...cant sleep or focus to watch telly  wanna know who has a crush on me....
is feelin so so sick after massive night out n no sleep yet has night helped 
i miss that thing called sleep  where ever did it go 
cant sleep..lovely..damn meds. 
tossin n my sleep with nightmares 
Wishing sleep would stop eluding me 
@TravisInIndy  yeah I remember. but if I dont get my sleep I will not be able to stay up tonight.
0 sleep so far.. 0 to come i suspect.. 
its so early here!!cant sleep..thinking about stuff 
caught up on sleep, now chores. 
I've totally fucked up my sleeping schedule by going to bed at 4, boo 
Storms + dogs + baby = no sleep! 
sometimes I really hate waking up for work this early.....just wanna sleep 
I'm feeling so tired without 2 nights of sleep. I wanna go for a swim!! 
How did I sleep for my bicep to hurt???? I do too much in my sleep 
i was wrong  slept a little more.
It's. So. Early!  Want sleep 
Ouch!!! My neck is killing me after a weird sleep 
Personal trainer after like...negitive sleep...shoot me 
i'm over tied and cant sleep 
I feel like an old glove today.   I need a long bout of sleep, I think.
I need my sleep.. This insomnia attack is torturing me.. 
Really hasn't had alot of sleep since being 18  haha
I need to stop sleeping so much! 
@dinymite I know! I'm not made for sleeping in 
I wan a sleep, but I can't... 
so much for a sleep in 
my lack of sleep this week has dramatically hurt my pattern of sleep 
cant. fucking. sleep. 
need to go sleep because I have college in the morning 
is having shitful sleep 
in bed but cant sleep 
@QuarterQueen I'm Jealous, give me sleep. 
Having sleepless nights again.  I want my peace of mind.  
cant sleep, thinking to much .. 
finally off work, now to go sleep amd wake up in 6 hours 
I wonder when i will get any sleep. I can't seem to catch some z's since we took them in. I am so sleepy! 
i've officially lost my favorite sleep mask. i'm so distraught. i can't sleep without it. 
have too much on my mind &amp; cant sleep 
alright... not feeling too good  bath, motrin, sleep...
I hate it when u cant sleep  this roseanne marathon is getting pretty old!
I have had THE stupidest amount of sleep. I feel like crying, although that could just be my eyes burning 
I am just a little sick.  Maybe some sleep will help.
cant sleep gahh no more scary movies 
fuckinn bored. need sleep. arghh. life sucksss!  needing summer.
@benshephard I absolutely need more sleep - full of hayfever so don't get a lot of comfort through the night 
these meds are making me feel sick. cant sleep. 
sleep too much  such a pig 
I cant fucking sleep. 
I wish I was allowed to have the sleep schedule of a touring musician.  
Heading out for the day, need more sleep. 
#iremember getting up from a good night's sleep 
i seriously might have a sleep disorder...i haven't fallen asleep before 3am since forever and i wake up almost every hour after that 
probably won't get any sleep tonight. 
to bad... not the good night sleep i wished for 
@LunaJune  it didnt unfortunately..had fitful sleep and kept waking up clock watching 
I'm going nocturnal. This is so not funny. I like sleep 
No sleep last night either - not by choice, just couldn't get to sleep at all 
tried to sleep again but no sleep left  damnnnn...
Why do mothers have to be so annoying and enjoy waking you up from from a very deep and comfortable sleep 
My sleep quality and schedule have been sooooo shitty. 
@sailingx  I cry for your lack of sleep. Thoughts of biscuts sent your way! xx
Going to attempt some sleep. What a day. 
another night no sleep... i miss you to much to sleep 
blah tired but cant sleep!! 
@ gym   so sleepy! got one hour of sleep &amp; have a major headache from it!
@joyce010394 doing great, but cant sleep 
well off 2 sleep yes i'm going 2 bed early but i feel terrible 
@AlexAllTimeLow:  I'm sorry  . I hope you can get some sleep.
jus woke up.....horrible sleep 
I am a giant sleepyhead this morning. I want more sleep 
i don't know how i'm awake right now after about an 1 and a half of sleep... i'm officially going to sleep until I have to wake up at 7. 
need sleep but have 2 do this stupid ancient thingo  damn
The lack of food n sleep is gettin to me now.. gettin grumpy  x
@Janit exactly the opposite. i need to eat, but it's almost 5 in the morning and i need my sleep more  ughhh
I'm mad that I got no sleep 
so earlyyyy, with hardly no sleep... 
even after lots of sleep i don't feel too much better.  getting ready for workkk
gonna sleep early today... i super lack sleep... 
coughing all night = no sleep 
wow, maybe i'm not meant to have sleep cause when i finally get sleep my dad ruins it asking for directions to buy these stupid birds! ;/ 
Working until 12.  I got zero sleep last night...can't wait until I have to finish homework and head to class from 5-9 
@dopeydee ty for the sleep wishes last night, i think i got about 4 hours of decent sleep, needed about twice that much. 
@jenbishopsydney Can sympathise about coughing fits.  I've been like that a lot recently, get zero sleep when it happens 
I haven't had a good sleep in years  #squarespace #trackle
@iarerawbot sleep so early again ?  ahhaha
@TheRealJordin i had a good sleep in 2 day!!!!!! but early mornins are rite bad 
why do I feel like I was beaten up in my sleep? 
who sleeps wit they dog???? 
@RavenLoonatic i know, but i never give myself enough time for breakfast.. i like sleep too much! 
@AlexAllTimeLow wow, dude. you so didn't get any sleep. 
so tired but cant sleep 
I think I'm back to my old sleeping habits, which is pretty much not sleeping. 
@jenni_w I know that feeling of hardly any sleep! 
likes catch up sleep but hates the nightmares... 
@thesushi we tried that... no use  zzz...
still not tired yet.  i need t sleep soooooon.
Ugh, finals week + financial woes = epic sleep and happiness fail. 
P.s I hope I get some sleep, nervous about tommorrow 
off for a shower then bed .. school tomoz  no sleep in for me 
Overall sleep deprivation just makes everything stupid... 
Getting sleep  After 3hrs I have my final exams!  #squarespace
still cant sleep 
i want to sleep.... i am tired..... but my brain wont sleep  damn insomnia
@vfclovexoxo aaahh!! I need to but I can't seem to get my sleep 
So tired. almost threw out my back marching. practice then a few hours of sleep. i miss running... 
Also missing @mrfresh0587. I feel incomplete sleeping w/o him 
sleep; geometry regents tomorrow!  fml. *why do i love him?*
i havent had a good sleep since saturday  i'm usually good at it
No sleeping pills tonight 
time for sleep - geometry exam in the morning  i'm scared
i swear i have to start sleeping early. i havent gotten a 12 hour sleep since a month ago 
so restless. i just wanna sleep! 
desperately need some sleep 
i am horrible at sleeping alone 
ugh cant sleep 
@KINGmoney hey  cant sleep either?
sleep; damn bed's empty...@britni515 aaaand the hubbs @ivandollaz aren't here 
best sleep ever but now its over 
I had the worst sleep ever!! 
Seriously i cant fuckin sleep 
sleep time. I don't get goodnight kisses tonight  boo.
I need to get some sleep! But i'm not even close to tired 
cant sleep and has to be up in an hour and 15 mins for work, forget sleep now, got coffee brewing 
Ah!i cant freakin sleep! 
Rough sleep last night. That rarely happens 
I guess I will just lay here and fake sleep then I will actually fall asleep and over sleep this making me late for my 9 am pick up 
2 days without sleep 
might have an ear infection.... cant sleep b/c it hurts... 
woken up  i need more sleep
sleeping all day to make up for sleep lost isn't always the best idea... i think insomnia might stick around for awhile 
I guess its not a power nap if u end up sleep thru the night 
while 12 hpurs of sleep shouldbe sufficient, I just want to crawl back in bed 
off to work. so tired!!! i'm sick of being sick. another bad night of sleep. 
without sleep, without having to do 
Too early X/ I was up till 430   I better sleep good on the plane
I just cant sleep! Something about needing to sleep makes me nocturnal! 
i worked 16 hours straight and got like zero sleep. fml. so tired 
Going on little sleep...stupid storms kept me up again 
Going on little sleep....stupid storms kept me up again 
wantz 2 baq 2 sleep but cant 
i'm a prisoner of sleep!!! i want to just shut my eyes.. but i still don't know how to balance equations 
I fell asleep on the sofa with the TV and the lights on, now I feel like I didn't get any sleep. 
@fijjybutt get eaten alive by mosquitos is all. eat, sleep, island hopping, shopping etc. if only you guys were here  would be perfect
up early/.saddd af i need my beauty sleep 
mood changes and irritability due to lack of sleep... I dont like it.. 
still lacks the sleep despite the holidays 
Feeling the no sleep thing now  ready to take a nap when i get back.
Between the heat, tummy aches, and random adrenaline, I didn't get as much sleep as I wanted to last night. 
at work really really tired. Didnt have a good night sleep at all..... 
I don't feel like sleeping again! 
@mludlow1979 I'm trying to no-sleep adjust 
@TraceCyrus and i have to come!  good night, sleep well :]
spent all day waiting for electricity to come, now it has come I am really tired and have to go sleep 
@katewatson1 ok hun, I am 9 hrs ahead. I was up in the night and thinking of you, then couldnt sleep 
has insomnia and seriously needs some sleep and as a consequence is stressed, crabby and not feeling good at all. 
is up early tomorrow to go the hospital but cant sleep 
@booey @srgntrose hope you guys got some sleep last night 
@itsLissa no way there was a huge storm here in ks and I def didn't get any sleep! Doesn't help I was up till 1 doing chem!! 
I'm so tired.  I can't seem to catch up on my sleep.
working everyday from 8-7 should be illegal.   sox&amp;sleep.
thinking i should prob get some sleep if i have exams tomarrow  darn
Is kind of tired but cant sleep 
finally gettin good sleep cuz i couldnt sleep at all in jail 
has slept all day n  now off to work  i want more sleep
Two more pattern repeats to go! I could do it, but I really need sleep 
up late....cant sleep 
10 more to go...need some sleep 
I need a sleep aid... I came home and slept from 7 to 9:30 and now I'm just up... 
this little girl, @ewgemma, needs to get some sleep. 
low key boreD and my puppy went 2 sleep on me 
ergh had a funny sleep n woke up dead early 
@DonnieWahlberg damn! I wish I was under with you. I'm on 2hours of sleep and I gotta shake my money maker now. 
@GrossMisconduct i get 'pedes too  sooooooo creepy! sleep w/the lights on &amp; keep in mind they want nowhere near you. *hugs*
watching the first 48 cant sleep have insomnia 
stupid math tutoring and then i can finally catch up on sleep 
cant sleep now  greaaaaaaaaat
@kutzli it's past 4am and i'm wide awake   man my sleep schedule is seriously screwed up
Is knackered after bad nite sleep with baby 
Oh sleep where are you 
I am begging for sleep right about now  Extremely bored!
Maybe I won't be getting any sleep tonight...  why can't I sleep?
@sarahjpin  I would gladly give you some of my sleep if I could
I refuse to fall asleep till all the problems in my life are fixed OR I learn not to care about them.  No luck with either so no sleep 
cant sleep because of him 
I wish i wasn't grounded i'm missing all the sleep overs 
@gnewfry / i can relate. sounds very much like my sleep patterns. i suffer from anxiety tho which i believe contributes to my insomnia 
@justads  get a good sleep... you might feel a little better..
outside in the camper trying to get a few more hours of sleep 
so tired need sleep but also need 2 watch the rest of criminal minds.  ahhh
cant sleep and i have to wake up in an hour for camp  yay me...
@heatherreette that's it! I'm going sleep 
@lunarlamp yeah it took me a while to get sleep also 
@camiknickers Unless it was in my sleep, no 
i need some sleep i'm so tired 
Still waiting for my migraine to go away so I can get some sleep. It's just sad that the sun is already up 
I've got the sleep eyes... ewww.  
is in need of more sleep..  But these days, that doesnt happen.  
I've been on the road for 11 days, but have had only 4 days worth of sleep...  need a sweet soft shoulder to sleep on... 
#squarespace 3 months in and I still have trouble adjusting to my new sleep schedule 
sooooo tired, couldnt sleep. 
Really gotta sleep early! been oversleeping... 
i think i better sleep like now? haha! since i have to wake up at 4.30.. 
Too bad sleeping doesn't burn as many calories as exercise. 
no sleep last night. projectile vomited all over my bathroom at 4am. (didn't make it to the toilet) just to go back to sleep for 3 hours 
missed theatre for sleeping late 
work eat sleep eat work sleep, i'm becoming a bore 
is not good at enforcing schedules for her children, which does not ensure a good amount of sleep for them. 
I wish I couldve had more sleep. 
I'm fighting sleep! don't want to work tomorrow but have no choice.... 
 comfort foods shall be the death of me - there is dire need of eating less chocolate cake n getting more beauty sleep!
just woke up from an accidental sleep. 
My eyes hurt. No damn sleep and 
I kiss you every night in my sleep 
sleep &gt; school. battery not holding a charge 
pub quiz was awsome, it's too hot though  try to get some sleep I suppose.
feeel....soo.....sick! going to tryand sleep it off  xx
i need to stop sleeping  #squarespace
More storms less sleep 
@joleneeeee duiiiiiiii! wo ye shi! wo yao sleep early -.- sleep more,. i need my beauty sleep 
not being able 2 sleep and knowing i have 2 b up by 9 is harrowing exp. 
My girlfriend just threatedned to kill my in my sleep. 
@joienesque it sucks when them hormones suddenly decides to take over~ stfu brain, just eat, sleep and be lazy. 
@gomelissago @ibosmiley I dont know why I cant sleep.  Feels like my body is excited. I think I'm going to try some sleep meds tonight.
Another night of no sleep. I am so tired I could cry  The life of an insomniac is no fun 
i just want to kill this bug so that i can get some sleep  it won't come back so i can kill it
@Ddirty :  well get some sleep.
That was the worst night's sleep I've ever had the misfortune to experience 
I shouldn't be sick in summer ! ! ! I just wanna sleep 
bak up and awake....cant sleep 
I wish I had the appetite for sleep  hold me? Then I PROMISE I will.
Why no sleep???? I worked my butt off yesterday 
3 meetings today, 8 this week. Sleeping at the beach... s'mores at a bonfire... reading in a hammock... more summer dreams slipping by 
i don't think my sleep schedule will ever be normal 
cant sleep even thou im dead tired 
&quot;Had so much fun at the club last night, but now its time for sleep...sadly its only 2hrs of sleep&quot; 
@wickeddiaz  But your day is over, sleep soon...almost there...
seriously considering getting some sleeping medication - trying to go to bed early always results with less sleep than if I just waited. 
anotha sleepless night  ..... damn insomnia and i messed up my sleeping habits again
i had no sleep last night im still not well 
Less than 2 hours of sleep and I'm back in the fortress 
This knee makes life miserable. I can't get one good night of sleep 
k so i went 2 sleep at 5, always know ur coffee tolerance or u'll b too hypper 2 sleep early 
Puppies = no sleep time. 
bored. . .restless. . .can't go back to sleep even though I only got 5 hours of sleep last night 
I suck at functioning w/ less than 7 hrs of sleep  so last nights 5 sucked!
disneyland was amazing.  but i must say i need about 7 more hours of sleep... but unfortunately work beckons. 
back to work again after an improved but not fully restful sleep 
Almost 1.00 am now,but i still cant sleep..hix 
rain=sleep....reality is I'm at work 
tell me why i only got like less then 5 hours of sleep... couldnt sleep all night 
went sleep... because tomorrow I have to wake up very early! 
@edytep I have to take my beauty sleep 
insomnia is on full bloom now. looks like no sleep tonight...again 
Finally get eight hours of sleep and have woken up with a cold, sniffles n all  poo to you world, poo to you!
so so so so bored....cnt sleep 
@madquilter so hard to be happy mummy with broken sleep 
In the simulator for day one of a yearly check. No sleep yet again 
curently lyin in bed unable 2 sleep 
I could really use a good night sleep. I wish I knew what to do about my girlfriend 
Eating a very late dinner -pizza yummy!!  I love vacation time !!!! Sleeping until 11am and watching tv Hubbie is already complaining 
I have a lot on my mind  &amp; i'm on a one hour worth of sleep...
I feel horrible and need sleep so badly 
work is taking over my summer     Sleeping then meeting at outback at 1:30 and work 3-9ish 
is dying from lack of sleep 
My special friend has neglected me once again!! I.m going 2 sleep now!! 
cant sleep... insomnia is no fun 
@leeroymac07 it will at least make you less sleepy? That's a plus. The other part can't be fixed with sleep unfortunately 
Desperately trying to avoid sleep and failing miserably  ZzZzZzZzZzzz... ... ...
exhausted but cant sleep 
he's crying in his sleep  its so heartbreaking. i gave him motrin, put on his favorite movie, i'm snuggling with him, what else can i do?
I definitely cant sleep 
Why'd i have to wake up so early? Just 6h of sleep.. Now i feel all cold and weird... And hungry! 
That didn't work! Really crap sleep. 
i think i mimic my sister's sleep patterns when she's not here 
330itis. Lack of sleep is catching up with me 
I just killed the biggest centipede ever, literally. I'm simultaneously proud and freaked out. No sleep tonight. 
My sleep pattern is ridiculous 
So I was falling asleep, then that earthquake hit and scared my sleep away 
Finally in bed! Only a couple hrs of sleep though 
ughhh cant sleep!!! 
My sleep schedule is all screwed up.    also, third person sucks.  Wooooooooooooooooooooo
@debbieseraphina Yes. 5am I'm suffering from serious sleep deficient right now 
has the worst sleep.. 
loves the fact that she didn't get a second of sleep at all 
Only had two hours of sleep and i still need to go for maths tuition later   
fuuuccckkkk! just got woken up by thunderstorms  and so did both the babies ugh. too early 4 this! back 2 sleep now.
awwww, i think my doggie is having a bad dream.  he is woofing in his sleep.
can't believe the sun is rising on me.  need sleep. But food fist. :/
No sleep all week, too much coffee and junk food. 
errands with grandma and two rehearsals on 3 hrs. of sleep!! Yay.... 
 having trouble with the concept of sleep
Wow, I just had a sleep now I feel more physically drained then before I went to sleep 
@CocoJuicy I dnt think I am. I didn't get any sleep last night... 
I really cant sleep, its sooo early! 
@eileenandrews I do not have that problem. I have auto-internal alarm clock. But I got 3 hrs of sleep last night.  
So sleepy cause i got 5 hours of sleep last night 
is up, had to take grams to doctor by 8.. no sleeping in for me 
Asif i just had like a 5 hour sleep :| goshh i must've been tired. i could still sleep now tho  i hate being ill!
I'm so so tired from no good sleep last night 
@meerasapra i have to say i might start singing ur fav insomniac song...not getting sleep ne sleep at all 
howling babies + shrieking machinery - sleep = 4KINL. also I have to pee 
been asleep since like 8. no sleep for me tonight 
is wondering how much longer she can manage with no food, no sleep, and lots of crying and stress 
soo tired but i dont want tp sleep 
cant  fucking  sleep  again ! 
It feels like my esophagus is on fire so bad it woke me up from a dead sleep 
has discovered that stress can lead to a lack of sleep...  suck!  
ugh. got the worst cold and headache and just woke up from a 14 hour sleep 
can't get any sleep   i think i will take the sleepin pills.
Should of slept at D's i would of been sleeping already 
Tired but cant sleep 
is back live on stickam.. but feeeel like dying as i've had zilch sleep 
@ashleymassaro99 nightmares suck  good luck with sleep v.2!!
I know I said I would do that 'no alarm' sleep in....but I forgot to turn my alarm off and now I'm wide awake 
only get an hour's sleep and when I do I have nightmares 
@WAHMoms  If only!  No sleep in this morning 
just  had a really shit sleep 
@kc0eks Lol, I miss having a normal sleep schedule.  I just wish I lived somewhere with a night life. 
going to have to go to bed drinking + no sleep = 
I think I have insomnia for real, or just a vamperic way of cycling my sleep patterns... 
ashh ii cant sleep 
@esmeg cause of sleep deprivation maybe? 
i cant fucking sleep! this sucks major balls! 
couldnt sleep 2 much on my mind 
@Tonyf9685 i miss u, today , i so busy . haven't time to talk to u, boring  , d u sleep yet
Now to get 3 hrs or so of sleep until work later, god I'll be tired 
Claritan did not help my allergies..but added a nice mix of cold sweats, dry heaving, and freaky dreams to the mix - no sleep. 
I look like sh*t right now. 6 hours of sleep, sweaty and i smell. 
@gaudet2 No, I haven't tried that, but it might be worth a shot! It was another night of very little sleep! 
Everyone is asleep. I'm jealous. I only got 2 hours of sleep  
No sleep last night Makaylah isn't feeling good at all 
Is stil feel super sleepy...the sleep bugs are keep calling me 
sleep deprivation should be illegal!! i should so call in tired today... 
too early. no sleep. its raining 
I fell asleep on the couch  oh well it was still solid sleep.
I really wish I would have gotten more sleep. 
damn this child wont sleep!  she keeps waking and crying 
Only 3 hrs of sleep 
so used to waking up early, i cant sleep nemore 
At home in bed its 3:30am and cant sleep 
Really tired!!!! But cant sleep! 
Going to the bank! Just woke up. What a horrible sleep 
cant sleep  missing him so bad
Loves sleeping next to him, but hates the snoring. It's been so long so im not used to it. I did not get a restful sleep 
why is it the older i'm getting the longer i need to get over things 2 nights with no sleep never used to bother me.. 
@candiiyrs i really couldnt sleep 
i  miss sleep.  real bad. but i'm completly not tired. didnt sleep one bit last night.
@camiigonzalez yeap...i was going to go! we were gonna sleep in the hotel and everything but at the end we couldnt ughh he was there!! 
going sleep now...getting up early tomorrow...  
Lying in bed catching up on my sleep since i've been up all week 
hey world. woke up early .. and i don't like this, i only got 3 hours of sleep, i didn't even felt that i was sleeping. 
bad day. no sleep. sick. and jeffree might be dying 
tired but cant sleep boooo 
 no naptime... being dragged to dinner. sigh! sleep sounds so good...
Ugh ugh ugh! 3 hours of sleep  Why do I wake up with an internal alarm??? Ggrrrrrrr
@starsnostars then don't use that  - Not the heater - the sleep/standby mode - I would kill it first!
sleep now. have to wake up early tomorrow 
my booooty hurts   gunna sleep soon, and text meagan (:
sleep then work in the morning 
@kriswill ahhh  well I hope you get some sleep yo.
is trying to goto sleep and cant 
Tired but don't feel like sleeping yet 
I soooooo cant sleep! 
@YasmineGalenorn i imagine so  .... my sleep habits have never really been an issue for me... sometimes i wish i slept more, but oh, well
@KittyKat_1988 you love a late night! I was up before you went to bed  have a nice sleep
sunburn hurts  going to try getting some sleep now.
I am pissed my sleep pattern is so off  I miss going to bed at 9 and waking up early...
in need of sleep!!!!!! but I can't 
Who says you can't clean house at midnight. I really wanna sleep but I know if I do it will just cause problems. 
cant sleep  so im playing around on my computer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
:  ughh, cant sleep. too hot 
I just woke up..yesterday I took a medicine before sleep but still a tickle in my throat.. Its really killing me 
I'm listening to music ... can`t  sleep 
my sleeping patterns messssssed up 
Trying to fall sleep but can't 
no stomach meds, no headache meds, long nite and no quality sleep  
As you can probably tell I'm absolutely knackered, hay fever + cold = no sleep! 
has just woken up after a very restful night's sleep 
no real sleep for two days now  A pile of clothes does not make for good bedding
hates body clocks. I need more sleep! 
I think I need a sleep aide medication. 
@crairenae wasn't that fun! They all sleep and I'm wide awake! Such an insomniac I only sleep wen cuddle by special man !!!!  
finally got some sleep but I woke up, and she's still gone 
all the lack of sleep is catching me up 
So full of grief, still cant sleep.      how much longer will it rain? Not that i mind, just curious.
still cant sleep    i think im hungry....lol
i really need to start sleeping in my bed. back ache. #neda 
worst night of sleep ever. i think i'm not made to sleep alone. 
so I've concluded that it's true we both sleep in nap shifts .  watching tep sleep.  @icytadpole  sad panda.
excessive sunday sleep=aching aching muscles and twisted back. 
did not get any sleep last night  So tired  
feels sick.i need some sleep but I still need to study for a quiz tomorrow... 
so...I don't think I'm getting any sleep before this exam. serves me right for procrastinating. paying for it now 
I barely got any sleep last night. It was horrible. 
didn't get to go to church. feeling really sick, most likely because of the lack of sleep and food.  super depressed
@kacymariemae i think you need it more than i do though lol im tired from gettin squished for 4 1/2 hours but you barely got any sleep 
...I feel like giving up already.  oh well, I'm still on a sleep strike.
sleep sleep sleep..ohno,tmmrw hve to wake up early in the morning again. 
SUCH a good sleep! I don't want to leave Brian. 
Morning ;) My back is killing me! I don't know why :/ Sleeping on bleachers yesterday? idk..but I can moveeee 
so tired. slept not well  need to getting dressed and go to work -.-
of to bed I need to get some sleep will be glad when this illness is sorted out because I am tired of being so tired 
sleep is in order, but it will not come 
@chasesterling sleep tight, I just got here to twitter and you're sleeping on me  ?
cant sleep at all 
I'm going back to sleeps. 
cant sleep again 
waiting for my sleeping beauty to wake up is boring 
woke up again...have a feeling it's going to be one of those nights, of little to no sleep. 
@divasteph 11? I was majorly off then :/ LOL! But u would have to go 2 sleep right when u hit me back... 
13 hrs of sleep and i still feel tired  hope i am not getting sick!
Ughhhhhhhh.......crampsssss!! cant sleep. 
work, hospital, sleep...repeat 
@djmaryjane no, but apparently I do clench my jaw in my sleep. 
Is feeling ill. need sleep after the lack of sleep last night 
morninggg. couldnt sleep last night 
I need to get some sleep but somehow I can't fall asleep 
@BamTheDJ ((hugs)) I wish I had a magical sleep cure for you 
would love some sleep, but no, can't afford it 
Finally caught up on my sleep. I barely woke up 30 min ago. Now I have to get ready for work...again. 
now i am going to get some half assed sleep. story of my liiiiife. 
still cant sleep 
I am so tired I feel almost comatose.  Didnt sleep well again last night, was all feverish 
may head to bed try sleep 
@alpinesucre I can't get any sleep  http://myloc.me/5hrr
My circadian rhythm is so off!!! 
is aggravated and needs to get some sleep soon, otherwise tomorrow is not going to go down well. I hate not being able to sleep 
i really cant sleep 
didn't have enough sleep last night, i'm so sleepy.. 
getting some sleep for once! no days off until wed 
My block has been turned into a movie set. Lights &amp; noise everywhere. No sleep for me  (As if...)
watchin telly cuz a crnt sleep 
Doesnt feel good at all  maybe i'll feel better after some sleep, good night.
@neilgorman cuz I'm too tired to allow sleep. I dint get nearly enough sleep ever. 
ughh sleep? i no has it like all of us 
trying not to fall asleep. Another night of few hours bad sleep 
lack of sleep = lack of exercise 
I took a sleep essential pill just now, not feeling too right... 
@TheREALHipnotic but I dunno how else to fall sleep 
@tarafied  i can take her for one night ha. she would scream the whole time, but i'm sure sleep assuages any guilt you'd feel.
Its too bloody early to up esp when I am on holidays, so tired cant sleep with this sunburn 
sleep deprivation is making me stress about english 
@PanNORA I never had that problem before but lately it's been happening 2 me too and I can't standing. I can't function w/out sleep 
it's so not time for me to curl up and have a sleep yet, is it? 
Extremely fitful sleep 
was heading to bed cuz i was tires, but cant sleep. again 
Man... You either get not enough sleep or too much sleep. can't you get just enough sleep? 
my personal life is sooo fuck up that i can't even get a good night sleep. 
finally going to sleep. ugh, i have such terrible sleeping habits 
I'm being eaten alive in my sleep.  #itchy
I had the most disrupted sleep due to worrying about results tommorow 
I really need to work on my sleep schedule. 
@dodgrile sleep bad again? 
A swollen painful foot and sunlight pouring through the blinds at 4am does not make for a good night's sleep 
morinig i really couldnt sleep lastnight 
working wayyy to early. i need more sleep 
@srhchn nope, i stayed home. eat sleep repeat. 
one ring to rule them all. yuss. I need my sleeping pills 
another terrible night of sleep 
My lovely wife is unwell  Going to try and get some sleep.
@dianecass me too mom, me too...boo, no sleep last night, too hot and too stressed 
Bad sleep again    lacrosse in an hour!
ahh stress levels increasing  hopefully a good night's sleep will help
I am throughly incapable of sleep... 
Osn had the bomb sleep wish didn't have to end  lol
I hardly got any sleep last night. 
Extremely tired and bored but don't feel like sleeping! 
@Cineris idk. 1st i couldn fall asleep, then i got wicked bad stomach cramps, and when i finally fell asleep is wasn't a very deep sleep 
@IamMarkus jep I could use some sleep 
@jenandtonica no worried.  sleep tight 
Finally got some sleep last night. 
Has finally caught up on his sleep  -now I'm all refreshed and geared up for wrecking it again! xD
Just woke up, i do love the holidays, longer sleep! 
@ganeshjaju congratulations for good sleep  but my alarm is louder than santosh's ??
@ItalyJames I don't know. I think the brain needs sleep too. 
@mileycyrus I read  your updates and I hope you feel better soon, and asap get some sleep. 
@nohalfwaycrooks i figured as much...you, like @MrSneakaHead , sleep like a rock. 
@CEPSocks_anne You obviously needed the sleep. Now you can work hard all day. 
Oh how great that sleep felt 
@GeoffTalbot LOL...or to quit sleeping and begin doing 
goes for a short sleep 
@mousebudden its ok  sleep if you need it sexii
hasn't gotten too far on her cleaning but has certainly caught up on some much needed sleep! 
getting caught up on all the sleep I missed this semester 
Going to bed...I need some sleep! 
@THEsaragilbert I hope you are able to get some sleep. 
roll out...destination...sleep 
Is going to bed.. sleep tight folks.. the doughnuts kicked in early 
Finally home. Two jobs is kicking my butt. Sleeping for a few hours before going back to work. I love you Jakeeee. &lt;3 
I'm going to have a sleep now, ghost hunting last night 
@Shadows1990 in answer to your text... I've just woke up after being asleep for 12 hours  YAY for sleep!
@jasons have a good sleep, sure we'll all still be here 
finally got some sleep 
Is contemplating sleep. But will probably just watch a movie. 
one down, two to go. marcus snores waaaaay to loud when he's poorly. bless 
is in need of some good deserved sleep 
I've had the best night of sleep that I've had in weeks.  Now sitting in the living room, drinking coffee, and relaxing.
bout tooh go tooh sleep 
listening to the uglysuit while waiting for sleep  love you boys! 
@atebits it's 6pm here, no need for sleep yet 
good night, sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite 
Really tired, didnt sleep... should wake up soon 
I need some sleep  oh well.
i am home again and still running on less than two hours of sleep 
@meganrogers awww, that's lovely  however, i think it's more that they actually *do* ;) only 3 more sleeps!!
well listening song on computer, after that looking for rest tehn studies then a good sleep 
@peacockbargrill sleep well then 
is off to bed... mmm sleep, how i love thee 
@joepolitics lol sleep? who does that anymore anyway haha rest well 
@moonlitdark I've been up nights since I was a child so I wouldn't know. Sleeping in darkness gives me nightmares. So I don't 
the result of my sleep experiment: was excited about it --&gt; couldn't sleep. finally fell asleep, only to wake up 2 hrs too early. #fail 
i'm soo tired. i needa go to bed. but i keep on fighting my sleep. so retarded only lil kids do that  damn..i was told that im sumfinelse
walk, run, eat, laugh, eat, eat, laugh, sleep - perfect evening ahead 
i wont lose sleep over it.. lol.. well.. hmm maybee.. ready to climb into bed! 
I only had 5 hrs of sleep...shoot me. I'm so tired..and cold...why the fudge, is it cold?! I hate the weather..about to shower. 
@mayhemstudios LOL, try not to remember to much.  Have a great sleep 
time for sleep 
I'm chillin, preparing for sleep 
gnight  sleep tight.. and don't let the bed bugs bite
spent the day with the bestie and gbf...   Now, time for sleep-sleep.
@ebilgatoloco I hope you find some cool stuff!  I can't talk about sleep; I've spent 15 of the last 19 hours on the same assignment XD
no sleep again... but at least it looks lovly outside 
@amysav83 have good sleep 
had a few beers, cant sleep to much stress i guess, tomorrow will be better 
cant sleep again tonight. hopefully my doctor(my 'dealer' u could say) will b nice 2mro. 
@tweetles haha yeah i never type in my sleep.. at least i dont think i do 
@9thelement aw that sucks, I do hope your allergies disappear so you can at least get some sleep. 
ive long sleep but i'm still tired. that sucks 
I usually don't act flirty, not much sleep 
I actually had a great sleep last night!! Yay!! 
@ChesterBe.. have a nice sleep, ChaZ 
just woke up..still sleepy..not enuf sleep 
@SheGotItSheBadd no good... i just dont sleep lol... and yes u did 
@madinalake should get off the bus   ugh. I've had 1 hour of sleep. the things I do...
hopefully i get to see the two ppl i love the most. until then, more sleep 
@dramabeats http://twitpic.com/4efuk - you start your day, sleep is for the weak 
@TalindaB Aww  But at least you'll get some sleep now.
looking forward to a long night of sleep 
I &lt;3 coors light &amp; cheese balls &amp; my big bed  sleep time then shopping!
Oh so tired...ready for some sweet sleep 
@EmChristian hopefully he will fix it soon, if not may have to result to shaving it in his sleep haha 
@Paullebars ok mate, sleep well. I'll hold the latern from here 
Allure was fukiin fantastic... I had so much fukiin funn n got wasted... I need some sleep now... 2morrow heat game 
@JonathanRKnight lol can see why u passed on that drink. Haha get some sleep 
The time for sleep now 
going on 24 hrs with no sleep...looking forward to my pillow 
@commonsense4 Wow ~ how did you feel when you woke up? I hope that it was a restful sleep! 
Wow first night of full sleep in a while, it's a great feeling 
@lilithsativa damn dogs &amp; their uncanny ability to not be fooled by faking sleep. 
a vaporizer &amp; a good night's sleep will do wonders for a sick child! 
@rosadelaD so every1 on twitter can imagine what it'd b like 2 sleep with us hahaha... 
@StephanieLynn07 ok i can't avoid sleep anymore! i'll finish it in the morning, so it'll prob be up before you go to bed 
I'm finally headin 2 sleep now 
@ivoryxhearts Not really anythingg, I just didn't get any sleep. Haha, so it felt lonngg. I've been sick. =/ What about youu? 
@JoeyMcIntyre http://twitpic.com/4ihfa - JOey...I agree..you are still HOTTT but you need some sleep. 
back on campus...sleep is coming soon 
watching the golden girls and getting some sleep. exciting week coming up 
watchin making the band 4... i need take a shower &amp;  sleep but i really need to watch iit 
is freakin' annoyed by the buildingworkers and totally pissed off because she got just 5h of sleep 
Woot! Finished homework... time to catch some sleep.  ZzZzzzzZ...
I totally needed that sleep.  need to stretch and wash though now.
@johnnyrcooper go to bed mister! u need your beauty sleep 
@TarraAnn85  I hope you have a nice sleep 
woke up from napping  finally got the sleep i needed
after some pizzas, going sleep 
@MichelleMontana lol..well..no. I've had insomnia since I was 23 :-/ &amp; since then dont sleep a lot of hours, but the ones I do are great! 
@tiffany_celeste  finally some sleep in silence
watchin my favie @themandymoore in because I said so..then catching up on much needed sleep!! goodnight 
sunnn finnalllyyy!!  aint slept :| need some sleep 
@everyonesmad but its pretty at least, I think I need to catch some sleep soon though 
ahhh...sleep  peace out
is thinking, no sleep, and a drive to town this morning sounds nice 
@Henaxxru lol still you got more sleep! I now wished I hadn't staued up watching films!  x
offline... sleep early. nytes all 
@DavidArchie have a nice sleep and hope you arrive safely here in the philippines. 
@reverieBR LoL, sounds like a deal, you need your sleep 
Getting tired of migraines, glad this one is about gone, maybe some sleep will help 
really tired, going to get some sleep now. goodnight 
@rickblanton lol yeah..sleep with snorers..2 legger and some 4 leggers. Sounds dead as wood in there..might be safe to turn in. 
skateboarded all day!!! haha my legs are asking for sleep now 
gets the best sleep during storms 
sleep! goodnight twitter, peace and love 
hehe! had planned on getting some sleep. plan just changed. heading out to grab a drink with @coatsy instead 
@roccoman goodnight rocco, sleep well  see you tomorrow
Finally a good night's sleep! 
@katecameron2002 boring meeting, sounds like a good chance to catch up on sleep to me 
mmm...going to bed...prolly won't get any sleep...o well 
2:45 and i am done doing taxi, puff, munch, sleep... so goodnight 
@titorandolph hey im going to go so got to leave in a hour hope you get some sleep always fun talking to ya 
So tired haha. I feel like I got an hour of sleep, but that's okay. 
?????? having a good night's sleep is often said to be beneficial to one's health. ??????????  ????????
im makin up for the lost times... sleep sleep sleep  (-.-) ;*
@pierce4me i hope you had a good sleep. 
I am pretty tired like... need my beauty sleep tonight 
sleep...then hoedown with david and madison 
@amandabynes have a good sleep amanda! 
@EarthSense Have a restful sleep. 
cant sleep, too much energy 
sleep will b wonderful...t minus 14 minutes.  see u in my dreams twitteroos. xoxo g'nite
Just woke up after a lovely long sleep 
@anonymo how does it feel having a sleep pattern like a normal human? 
will now sleep so that she can wake up early...  (sleeping) http://plurk.com/p/uda82
sleep  it's a beautiful thing
caught up on sleep 
almost 3am in here.. time to get some sleep  &lt;3
I give a thumbs up to sleeping in until 11:30 
Apparently the cryfest is starting early this year. Lots of sleep, fill you all in tm 
@junno007 Have a good night's sleep.. 
Finally time for sleeping  Haha
Off to get some sleep 
Just took my sleep aid medicine  in 20-30 minutes any of you can take complete advantage of me. just saying ;]
@alexthefob1991 you're too sweet, just so you know  hope you had a good sleep last night, you went to bed very late
getting some good sleep for my final in the morning 
sleep time for me 
No sleep just design  love it
@Dojie lol i had a good catch up sleep 
&quot;i'd rather fight with you than sleep with anyone else&quot;  awwhhh, really? =P good movie, off to take a short power nap.
@shaunmichaelb you get really deep when you haven't had any sleep lol ..very inspirational 
4 more sleeps then im off to spain 
just woke up from an awesome sleep... 
Anyone know how to fit two week's (!) work into three days? Sleeping definitely isn't an option 
@musicislife90 sleep tight. hee 
@tigerkhan007 lol headed out for sleep soon 
Waking up after a great night's sleep 
@trammisms Feeling better this morning, thanks.  It's amazing what some sleep can do for you.  
time for some beauty sleep 
@sspicer820 maybe you should have gotten some sleep. 
@demongirly Finally got some sleep last night 
@xXHAZELXx LOL i no she said  i just woke up had a  afternoon sleep so my brain not fully awake
Finally off for some well deserved sleep. So relieved no more all-nighters (for at least another week, at best)! 
sleep time  off to the wonderful land of doze. niggghhhhhhhhhtttt xx
i need to get some sleep now! (yawn) haha!! bye! 
Refreshed. Sleeping in bed feels much better after a camping trip 
wow...what a sleep in...now for some coffee 
is off for some beauty sleep  x
time to try to get some sleep 
i basically had to roll out of that restaurant tonight.. soo full!!  but sleep comes now 
wonders where sleep is going to feature in this coming weekend 
cant sleep, had the weirdest nightmares in my life, got the lights on now, said my prayers! i guess im not sleeping anytime soon 
sleep comes for us all. goodnight twitter-land! 
Has had trouble sleeping. But I just now realized I hadn't prayed after my bedtime routine!! So it should be a little easier now. 
@sweetcandylove i can do that while your sleeping, then i'll shave your eyebrows. 
so glad its the weekend just think of sleep 
sleep next to him 
@LeoWolfe I did sleep well...I presume your sleeping now too...talk soon 
@lidles yeahh  all well mum can explain to all of them why and now she owes me like dubble sleep overss hehe 
@mizzbellington hey ms. B how was ur sleep and ty 
Finally homeee  sleep time
goodnight  ..............i really need 2 sleep
Finally getting some sleep after finishing homework  goodnight 
bedtime. love you all.  sleep well!
@mileycyrus its not that late milez. but i do sujest you get some sleep soon. sweet dreams! 
Still working, no sleep is what takes you to the top! 
@madformanhattan yeah have a good sleep   speak soon  X x
I probably won't get any sleep tonight.  ;)
@diandrizzle Decided to save it actually as I need my sleep for midterm tomorrow.  'Night!
@AtlantisJackson Lol have a good night sleep well when you actually go to do it. 
@k_dell too bad I'm still here and you aren't getting any sleep until I leave. 
reading, sleep, then laying out in the beautiful sunshine at jane's. 
@nkotb_Lwood i should rest my cuks too; haha! =] have a good sleep! 
@charlesjonson ajjajaj sleep well charles  you make laught a lot!
@misterrx haha, have a good night  sleep well!
@willheat sleep well! 
exhausted, ready for sleep 
Mynanfel sleeping.  Sleeping children....one of life's most precious moments    http://twitpic.com/6634x
sleep and i never seem to meet anymore... what to do instead?... 
@MyInnerCougar sleep well  
sleep with my eyes open 
@ms_sula 9hr time diff. Sleeping. 
@susanyamane Have a good night's sleep. 
Decided I could handle an overdue all-nighter, since i have been diligently following a working-woman sleep sched.  go me.
laying in bed, about 2 sleep! had a blast with the one I love 2day 
@robgt2 2 more sleep rob  not that you are excited or anything 
@ddlovatofans101 good night  have a good sleep 
