Most common words for this cluster:
[('sleep', 286), ('time', 29), ('tomorrow', 25), ('night', 25), ('work', 20), ('day', 18), ('am', 16), ('hours', 15), ('tight', 12), ('morning', 10), ('good', 9), ('days', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Sleep', 0.9886676669120789), (u'sleep', 0.5866129994392395), (u'Sleeping', 0.5827354788780212), (u'Sleep_Disorder', 0.5784628987312317), (u'Sleep_Tight', 0.5624967217445374), (u'Snore', 0.5516054034233093), (u'Nessun_Dorma_Let', 0.5446889400482178), (u'Stop_Snoring', 0.5427995920181274), (u'Circadian_Biology', 0.5425446033477783), (u'Dr._Breus', 0.5331017374992371)]





Sleep time.  Tomorrow is gonna suck 
Sleep for now then get up in 4 hours  then a very busy week aghhhhh
I feel a pat on the back coming on...day 5 of WDPOA done!I do feel deprived as I really wanted chocolate!  Sleep don't think about it!
4.34am... Feels more like pm... Sleep is not my friend!!! 
Sleep tight everyone ,,,, in the real world tomorrow will be taping and mudding  have a great rest of the weekend you all ! hate renoes !
So tired...3 hours of work left and so much to do...*yawn* I shouldn't have stayed up for most of saturday. Sleep for past 2 days=4 hours 
Sleep then back to school!  only 14 more days though )
Sleep is for sissy's! I wish I was a sissy. 
Bah. Awake again. Must. Sleep. 
Sleep...nursing a bladder infection...ha! u kno it 
Sleep hates me tonight so I hate it right back #xa @AnonymousDave - I'm thinkin b/c my 5 month on the 23rd is coming up? Fear? IDK 
Morning all. Sleep in tofay got an appoint at 11:15 meant to leave in 20mins wll have to not eat anything then 
Bose Headphones + Flickerstick = Can't Sleep 
@AngelEyedGodess haha okay yes i thought it had something to do with that but like I said... Sleep deprivation 
Sleep is for the weak... I wish I were weak 
Sleep 4 hours is not cool i will be premature old 
Sleep, sad movie  but so good, seven pounds, rent it, watch it with kleenex
@fakerpattz G'nite Sweetie. I'm so sad I've lost your reply to me  Sleep well &amp; thanks for being good. I really didn't want to give u up.
Now that I have to go to bed, there's all kinds of good things on the TV lookity-box.  Ain't it always the way? Sleep well, all...
Sleep? yes? Restless nose and throat syndrome. 
Sleep now. Out of smokes. 
Sleep then up early for another full day of studying. 
i didn't know u cud actually Lose Sleep over something........until now 
I'm sick. I need my bby.  yoshi is annoying. Hah. Sleep I go.
Migraine headache has basically lasted all day. Once the Meds wear off and i'm not high off them anymore it comes back. Sleep will help? 
Hasn't been able to Sleep 
5am  moons still out. But the sun is slowly coming up. Sleep finally.  http://twitpic.com/5578x
Sleep text &amp;+ tele I feel so crap :'( aha I miss alex  x
No nap BTW due to loud construction the next block over   Sleep deprivation for the...er....win?
Sleep woul be good? 3.30 am  can't sleep recently.
@1225lola  I know and I need to Sleep  blah blah blah
Sleep. Getting up early. 
Off to Sleep Nao, Last night I have the chance to sleep in 
Sleep through the static  day can only offer a better time right ? Only time can tell :/ &lt;/3
@nousie you're the best. Really though, you are. Sleep well, with that thought. Atlanta is dead tonight. 
It's morning already and I am at work.  Sleep last night went waaaaaay too fast for my liking. 
Sleep aint coming easy tonight 
Sleep is proving a touch elusive for me.  Not fun.  
missing Pandyface already. Only left him 90 mins ago.  Sleep before work at 2
Finished three feature articles all in a row today.  Whew!  Brain dead now.  Sleep, sleep, sleep 
Ugh tired as fuh driving around pines. Tossed and turned all last night. Sleep hides from me 
Sleep time. Got a morning conference call 
I've had the most tweetless day. =/ Sorry. Sleep consumed my life, I apologize! 
Sleep is a good thing. So why don't I get any of it?!?  
Ugh.... Yo necessito el... Sleep.. 
Sleep was good. Accidentally moved my neck wrong last night. I need some vicodin - port placement sucks! 
Just got home from the gym. Feeling nauseated n lightheaded. Not sure y. I didn't even work out hard.  Oh well. Sleep time after shower...
Sleep :]. My foot hurts 
Sleep.. I'll be in my own bed at home for the first time in over 4 months tomorrow night... I'd rather be in Chatham 
Sleep now. Maybe I'll cough less tonight, but I don't think so. Used up cough drops this evening. 
@Herheartsmiles Im literally falling asleep at the computer  Need bed...need rest...need Sleep&lt;=== Sleep is a pillar of health
Sleep....take two....this better work! 
R is going to be mad :/ Science of Sleep is missing and it's due back! I didn't even get to watch it! 
Yep, @CAndymanTK9772. Sleep-fail. In another 7-8 hours, it'll be D&amp;D-fail. 
I just want  to Sleep. 
Sleep. Uninterrupted sleep for the 2nd night in a row, and amazingly that depresses me a bit. I like my 5-6 am feeding/bonding with snuz 
Sleep? I have no idea what that is anymore 
Sleep was a little better last night. Hoping Kenton continues to improve. I feel bad for him  Ear infections stink!
@tony_aa Going east was easier than going west for me. Sleep schedule went back to normal immediately but I had headaches for a while. 
Watching Taken... then Sleep till 6am 
Sleep is amazing i hate waking up 
Lol think my head hurting from thinking too much.. Ouwah... Sleep is unavoidable.. Needn my nurse but she off duty today  -K-
Sleep or stay up...I'm not tired, but it's too late to really do anything around here...I have a conundrum 
Sleep? Where are you? You should have taken me over by now... C'mon sleep! 
G'night everyone. Sleep well. I know I won't. 
Dear Sleep, where are u? howcome u don't like me anymore?do  i have to wine and dine u just to get u in my bed? thot we were passed that 
Sleep is for sissies. Wide awake @jfk. Perhaps a nap en route to sin city? I think the #WSOP event I want to play in is already sold out 
@ComedyQueen tried that.been up since 4am. Sleep not happening 
monster headache is making me want to cry or scream or any number of other things that will only make headache worse.  Sleep: only option.
Sleep time, unprepared for tomorrow though, in a big way 
Sleep, why do you elude me so 
Pogo is down  Does that mean I have to do something else now? Sleep? Fail.  http://twitpic.com/6gez3
Sleep is not something to take advantage of, I have to walk to school 
If i have a nightmare about the ruins tonight i'm going to kill myself. Seriously :/. Sleep with me  scare the monsters away.
Sleep deprivation is affecting me now, cant lift my head 
Sleep at 1:00am + Wake up at 5:00am = 
Sleep then loooooooong car ride tomorrow.. 
Sleep tiems! Darn, not 8 hours anymore.... 
Sleep deprived.  one test, one quizam , and a final.
All I really wanted to do was Sleep in 
I just woke up... Sleep over...WHY 
@addictedx sheesh...I forgot about that  Sleep on my child, lol
Kinda restless. Sleep may not happen just yet... 
I really don't feel as tired as I look. Cause I look bad!! Sleep has not been my friend this week 
@FinchenSnail I will left you now  Joke.  Sleep well. Byee.
Sleep....gotta work in the early am 
Sleep, NOW. SATs in 8 hours. 
@chriscornell Not raining here in Victoria! Having heat wave...finally. 32C yesterday. Sleep impossible. Birds awake @4 am ... me 2  Sigh
@LeslieRosales we were on the same schedule this mornin. Lol. Sleep at 6 &amp; up at 1030. But the patron didn't have me feelin so refreshed! 
Random fact: I Can't Sleep in the dark with the closet open. It always look like sum1 in comin out of it... 
Sleep is over-rated but my eyes burn from the lack 
@PaulCantor Sleep won   LMAO!!  I just woke up.
- Why Does No1 Wanna Sleep? 
Homee ! Sleep soon. More camp training tomorrow.... at 9:30 
@rebornspirit  Sleep well. Am contimplating buying a stream 4 school.gotta come up w/$300 
Sleep cometh not to those who must re-potty train thy cats 
@Gurlsgurl There's a word for that. Sleep apnea. It sucks, I know first hand. 
@TxNana Indeed. I miss you too  Sleep well.
Really fed up, Need Sleep but cant. 
Cannot Sleep! 
Sleep time I need to be up in 4 hours 
Sleep time now. Back to the joys of work tomorrow 
Sleep is such a waste of time. I wish I could get by on 3-4 hours of it instead of needing 6-8 
Sleep, work at 8:30 till 5 
Sleep fail.  And now I'm the only one in the office in time for the morning meeting. Feel like I've stepped into an alternate universe.
#iremember when I used to Sleep...... 
Trying to tough out the rest of the work day   Need Sleep and Food!
.. leaving for work.. it's almost nine o clock pm. Sleep tight I wont 
@Orchidflower Sleep calling my name yes. 
Sleep study...can't wait to go home 
Sleep, school in the morning for english exam part one 
Today was a horribly un-writeriffic day  I think I'm just going to head to bed and commit to tomorrow being more productive. Sleep sweet!
My tummy is a little rumbly.  has been all day. Sleep it off
Sleep, those little slivers of death, how I long for my bed already. 
Sleep is impossible 
Sleep...that's all 
http://twitpic.com/7jac3 - Finally up in the hotel.. tis very noice.. Need Sleep tho.. 
This day just keeps getting worse  work. Target. Sleep.
About to go in the house... I'm so sleepy.. Sleep first and play later.. lol.. I miss my BabeZ so much   can't wait to see him
Sleep gets better of me again, what happened to the person that could stay awake for days on end 
Sleep away the pain 
Sleep time...up at 8:45 tomorrow 
No brain candy was found  Sleep instead.
Sleep work 8-4 then class @ 6 
Sleep? Not these days. 
I miss my babe.  I think it's time for me to call it a night. Sleep tight, all.
@nowthatsasandra I'd rather find the napple.  Mmk. That sounds like a good idea. It's almost 3:30 a.m. here. Sleep sounds awesome.
Sleep feels so good when you can, but so bad when you can't.  
Sleep time! I need my boyfriend next to me 
Aiya!!! I missed some phone calls!!! Important ones!!! Sleep some more 
It has probably been more than a year since I last had a NOS energy drink, but this morning it is necessary. Just call me No Sleep Sally. 
Sleep paralysis please stop ruining my life, do not enjoying throwing up over myself  can you get sleep therepy?
Sleep debt is killin' me!!! Sleeping at 9:45pm last night till 8:15am this morning still doesn't help. 
More Sleep please, Not been sleeping well this week and it's  sorting to get on top of me 
Sleep?   I don't know the meaning of the word.  Stress?  Now that is equal to me.  
Sleep deprivation is not your friend.  Shoot me?
Just finished cooking spaghetti for the boys @ work, time 2 relax.  Sleep debt building 
Sleep is knock, knock, knocking on my window. Work is kick, kick, kicking down my door! Sleepy 
Sleep now to be up for work in 2 hours. 
Headache...  Sleep now!
Sleep-- have to wake up at 6:45 in the damn morning 
@coyotetoo Would you believe I'm out of wine? No chocolate either.  Sleep I can do, I think, soon, finally
Sleep has won because I'm not feeling well  can't stop sneezing and my head hurts, night tweeps
So sore.  Thinking about my birthday &amp; my boy &lt;3 Sleep.
@AtomicPlayboy Awwww.   Sleep well.
doing a little better... stomach is still weak  hate this feeling. Sleep is calling me. Hannahs party tomorrow!
@neilhimself Sleep never feels like that to me  More like: clubbed over the head by char from Year One. Envious.
@RobbieRighteous ohh  well maybe another time then. Sleep well my friend
Sleep for just 3 hours 
Sleep-eh still  happy bday to my cuz..and again to krystaaal!
Sleep...should have cleaned. 
Sleep time... To bad no followers yet? 
@queenofitall94 nope  and i get to see father tomorrow/today. Sleep deprived. Do u just not sleep when i'm not home??
@ddlovato not tomorrow  July 16th  u should get some sleep &amp; rest ur voice. Sleep should help it.
Sleep peacefully, Neda  #iranelection
@xjustjoshx Sleep? What's that? I don't know what that's like anymore.  
The weather is miserable..  Little man is sleeping, so my opportunity to close my eyes too! Sleep = valuable these days! Mwhoehaha
Just got home. Sleep late tonight  hope tomorrow wouldn't be me whose gonna ushering the event
Sleep is much needed but wheeennn 
Sleep is addicting 
It's sleepy time..have 2 wake up early to work  Sleep well my sweet P!nk! xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Sleep deprevation's causing me headaches again, but I just wanna grab a beer or two! 
Sad face       [Sleep is OVERATED]
@tiffanyq Sleep under your desk? 
waits on ad approval. Migraines don't make me patient.  What to do while I wait. Homework? Sleep? Booze? Is 2:15 too early to drink?
Sleep Sleep time. Need to be up early to get the bus to get me into work for lunchtime 
I also just chased Tylenol Simply Sleep with Nyquil...hoping to sleep tonight since I havent at all the past 2 nights 
Sleep and then beach tm with brianna kfest jfo n libln!...kerris leaving today for Spain 10 days without means of communication 
Sleep time  got to work ten hours tomorrow... But then transformers!!!! Yay!!!!
Sleep and I wanna wake up skinny and tall 
Sleep time! it's 2:00am.. 
Sleep with bruised elbow hurts! Its on my sleep-on side 
Sleep coming very late once again  I need to start taking pills for zis or something
Hey tweople! Sleep wasn't really a friend of last nite. My nervous ass kept wakin cause my stnka has a fever   this sux
I'm not signing up for early shows anymore. I'm not awake enough to be quickwitted enough to make sales at 7:30am.  blah! Sleep?
Sleep should rank as my #1 priority atm but I wanna stay up but I can't  Stupid work sigh...
Across the Universe. Sleep. Rehearsal tomorrow. 
@Thamawat No way. Sleep is for the wicked - get up and create 
@ambermatson Have a good night. Sleep well - at the 2nd attempt 
@aceconcierge You absolutely deserve them  Sleep well!
@ashez14 I gonna hit the sack too. Sleep well 
Sleep time an hour later than I wanted since I am getting up early manana. 
Tired. Think I'm going to bed now. Sleep tight 
Soo much studying to do tomorrow... But for now, Sleep!! 
? now Sleep 
@runnrgrl Sleep well and good luck to u2 
@TVNewsman Got all the photos and put a couple on The Parlor already along with your info! Sleep well!! 
@aquaxsquishy Good afternoon! XD! Sleep tight.  &lt;333
@racheltara Bwahaha HSM3 ) May I recommend you to watch Science of Sleep? Being a film student, I think you'll appreciate it 
@MariahCarey Sleep well  Lots of Love from lamb from Finland
@MariahCarey Sleep tight! ^^ love you more!  ?
Sleep is for the weak 
@justads I'll take option 2 thanks  Sleep well.
My bed is so comfy. Sleep number beds rule! Cal king of course 
Sleep, exercise, work, love.   Hopefully in that order.   (I hate the celtics.)
Sleep with Ania and Rascal.  zzzzzzzzz
@MariahCarey Reading a book helps me fall asleep every time. After awhile you can barely keep your eyes open. Sleep like a baby 
Good night tweetpeeps! Sleep tight. We'll tweet again tomorrow. 
Sleep tight. Pleasant dreams 
G'nite peeps and prospective employees. Sleep well! 
I bid you all a good night. Sleep tight and dont let the bed bugs bite. Remember to always stay safe  Cheesy
@_JuDaS_ It sounds so painful. I'm really things are hard right now.  Hugs!  Sleep well tonight. 
@van94 Then what are you doing? Sleep! Hahaha. 
Ah. I am very tired. Sleep visited me early in the morning. :/ @davanti Yes. You should.  You have a lovely voice.
@theletterj1 Sleep is quite fantastic and I hope you get some as well. 
@PerezHilton Sleep is a good thing almost better than something sometimes 
Goodnight, twittians!  C'ya tomorrow!  Sleep well. 
There's no point in being awake tonight. Sleep well all. Have a pleasant and relaxing weekend. 
Can't Sleep! Feel's like jamming tomorrow! Is going on a hunt for musicians to join me! 
I'm going to bed. Sleep is so nice and I'm quite delusional right now  Nighty night &lt;3
Sleep then going on the McAuley Spring Awakening trip.  Will try to remember to update with pics periodically, mostly for my own benefit.
Sleep is so much better when you have had a few drinks. 
Close your eyes and I'll close mine Good night Sleep tight  
@aJayBoulder  haha, good to see that u stay up not b/c of insomnia  Sleep tight, sweet dream!
@JonathanRKnight I don't like the apples either I have a dell, love my dell. Sleep well sweetie!! 
@JonathanRKnight Are You staying? You know You Should get some Sleep LOL.Not that I'm complaining, just care about You  x
Sleep time...4 more days til freedom! 
@DavidArchie Aww. That's good. Sleep is good for you! 
Is time to Sleep .. XoXo! 
@jennyinrosamond i love you mamma! Sleep well  talk to you tomorrow  emma comes back! 
mmm, what a nice night. Good times with good people. GOODnight  Sleep sounds oh so sweet right now.
@Tatiana_K Sleep well 
lunch with mama, din with my roomie and cuddle time with my kitty...not too bad of a day  Loving the simple things! Sleep tight world xo
Sleep. then making breakfast for mommy 
Good night lovely people. Sleep well 
@jannarden  I may see the sun come up. All my bits are sore today - but life is still grand  Tomorrow is a new day! Sleep well, Friend!
Yes... its 4:18am, yes... we are driving all night back to dallas to lead worship in the morning. Sleep is overrated. 
How Do You Sleep - Jesse McCartney 
@gogomago Good night  Sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite ;) lol
@chrismcelligott That's good to hear! Sleep = good  What do you do for work?
i freaking LOVE this song, im glad others love it too  though my fav by her has to be Carrion or Sleep To Dream ? http://blip.fm/~68y1k
Oh I see said the blind man to his deaf wife... Sleep time 
@ShaneSakata Just missed ya! Sleep well my friend. 
I'm drifting into a place where I am my own. Sleep  the best thing in the entire world &lt;3
@JDMayorJKCity Knight,, will send U the pics later...  Sleep well
Sleep time. Some people make me so happy. 
@NikeMcFly10 lol yuup! Sleep is for the weak!  ! Gooooo hard
@shelbydotjpeg Night doll! Sleep good and plesant dreams! 
@adelate Welcome home!!  And yay for rescuing adorable British boys! ;) Sleep tight now! 
@alaksir Hugs, right back atcha Hun!  Sleep well &amp; we will talk more tomorrow!
@moorishflower Better.  Sleep is always good. lol And drinks last night didn't hurt either. 
Sleep?! :o I'm obligated too.. Goodnight everyone  &lt;3
Eat Sleep Draw!: `hair of the omnipotent`, first post : `hair of the omnipotent`, first post  http://bit.ly/X7H4P
@TiaMowry Goodnight! Sleep well  xx
Warm fresh out of the dryer sheets feel goooood. Sleep tight peoples 
@MsKae Sleep well, and don't forget to air out the dog! 
OK, it has been a long day and now it's time for rest before another long day tomorrow  Sleep well Y'all!
Sleep? whats that? hmmm 
@carole29 Morning. Slept well? Sleep is so over rated I think 
You deserve to hear this sound. http://bit.ly/oena6  Sleep in peace 
Sleep more, drink less... on weekends of course 
@juliesixxam Sleep well once you hit the pilow. 
@neiltring it was thanks! I got to rest after my insane few months on nonrest!  Sleep is so good for the soul!
@RBlackbirdsong G'night, chica!  Sleep well.
@stephburgis Just as unpleasant, but understandable in your case. Sleep is afraid of babies in the dark! 
off work...Yay Sleep! Gmornin and goodnight tweethearts 
Sleep!!! Mmmm memorial day weekend pregame stars tomorrow 
who used to say &quot;good night and good luck&quot;. Sleep well @freshleafdesign 
Sleep. Flight at 9am 
@inebriation its never a problem Mikey  I'm here for anyone no matter when or how late. Sleep well, and I'll pray 4 no more nightmares
I've got the love. In the music. Sleep tight bitches! 
@TrinityScar Yay to a room to yourself  Sleep well hon.
Finally I return home. It has been a maddening day. Sleep will be the best medicine to overcome fatigue. 
Sleep well tonight. Have a nice day! 
@zyber17 Poor guy  Sleep cures many things. Hoping your tomorrow is much smilier!!!
Sleep easy, Bleezy.  I love you
Sleep...who needs it?!? At least I'll have a clean house and sheets in the morning 
@sunkissedpeach Good nite mama ! Sleep well 
@tweenkle77 Have a good night  Sleep well  *hugs*
@Nkluvr4eva Sleep well Jamie and once again, congrats to you  (hugs)
After a long day at work... And the chance to tell the lovely rude receptionist off at the dr's office. I'm out. Sleep well 
@StephenCooper Sounds fun. Sleep well, and I'll chat with you later. 
@dannysgirlsg1 Have a good night. Sleep well. 
Every night I plan on getting in bed early, and yet here I am...and headed to bed. Sleep well &amp; be blessed!! 
3 Hours of Sleep, then 8 Hours of Work, then 6 Hours of Nap. 
@DanOwsen Your spellbook contains Read Magic, Sleep, and Light, and you have (and I know this will come as a shock) 2 hit points 
Good day. Sleep time with Stinkbutt and Sirhumpalot. 
working alot, hanging at the beach, driving here and there and keeping busy.... Now its Bedtime . Sleep Well 
