Most common words for this cluster:
[('sleep', 450), ('woke', 289), ('night', 185), ('morning', 90), ('awake', 77), ('nap', 76), ('hours', 71), ('im', 68), ('na', 65), ('am', 64), ('cant', 59), ('asleep', 59)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'samantharonson_@', 0.7122400999069214), (u'overweight_Mindell', 0.7070373892784119), (u'Gordon_Yoesting', 0.7016304135322571), (u'Ohhhhhhh', 0.6933426856994629), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.6931659579277039), (u'RvM', 0.6898901462554932), (u"Why_aren'tI", 0.6861176490783691), (u'Ooh_ooh', 0.6858610510826111), (u'Hee_hee', 0.6853564381599426), (u'Ding_dang', 0.683247983455658)]





ok I'm sick and spent an hour sitting in the shower cause I was too sick to stand and held back the puke like a champ. BED now 
still sick. feeling a bit better, got some new medicine.... hope I feel good after a night of sleep. ohh, and it's suppose to snow! WTF! 
@sleep_til_noon I did, it was the only one left but I got tempted and ate it soon as I got home  I had a chocolate velvet &amp; ate d mocha
@stephenkruiser oh  my sympathies. it's a hard decision. i always hope my old border collie will go in her sleep. she's 14 too. *hug*
@andreabakes Oh gee - insomnia sucks   Have you tried melatonin?
Needs to stop sleeping all day.. Causes some problems when you're wide awake at 2:45am... 
woke up too early 
think im an insomniac, i just cant sleep..    birthday in 5 days... oh yay. ~_~
@dougiemcfly morning  i'm really upset  my rabbit ran away last night  and the postman woke me up early  reply? ilu x.
seriously, I should not be this tired. I need deep sleep, not this pissy tossing and turning  moan moan moan!
hmm, so the sun shining brightly thru my curtains lit up my room n woke me up  cnt sleep nw, 10 is way too early to wake up! 
woke up in a pile of blankets, and didn't want to leave it. 
@sarahlouisex I fell asleep early last night so I couldn't shower, I'm wearing sweats and glasses. And I feel like shit  I wanna go home.
I wonder if this is somehow related to my nose being freezing yesterday  But I drank orange juice and got 8 hours of sleep... *sad*
woke up to milo having a seizure. 
heading to the doctor  woke up late so hoping my xanax still has time to kick in before we get there.
I really hope I'm feeling more like myself soon. This waking up &amp; still being exhausted totally stinks 
im so tired, i feel that i NEVER get enough of sleep no matter how early i go to bed!!!! 
...... Oh how i love being awake at stupid o'clock when everybody else is in the land of nod...  
Just woke up from my nap... dammit got a runny nose going. This weather is killing me!! 
cant sleep i lay down for a bit &amp; im wide awake yet soooo exhausted 
woke up to early and can't go back to sleep 
wow, that was a great nap- wonder if the heart attack and the accident was just a dream? um... no 
house feels so empty with 2 out of 3 roommates gone!  im sooo lonely. damnit @KayteDixon wake up!!
- Five in the morn and am awake wiv a migraine 
Hey f**kers! This is the perfect weather for sleeping... but not for me, why? I has 3 ppl in this house that feel the need to wake me! 
really needs to sort out this insomnia crap, 430am again and still wide awake 
ut-oh, pain, flashing lights behind my eyes ... I know this party and I don't like it one bit ... migraine coming on fast 
my room is a fucking mess. also, I my sister's hamster died last night 
man my ankles so effed up. I took a nap and it stopped hurting im scared it'll start hurting again when I walk around 
cant sleep  and its raining
@oPONOo corrie's asleep and lesley prob. as well i know she always works early :S 
Staying up all night = no gecko playtime  this insomniac is going to sleep! #bakeoff tomorrow! Then study #the.. http://tinyurl.com/dk5gda
hates these damn allergies...mix in a cold and asthma...oh joy....sleeplessness nights 
@HurryDowns I dunno. Just woke up. 
Just out of bed hungover again 
I need some good meds to make me sleep cuz being an insomniac sucks when ur in a hotel room and both of ur friends r asleep 
my lovelies, sorry for my absence, woke up with flu-ey symptons, still got them so i'm a bit subdued  but still smiling! ;-)
My doggy woke me up  but i got a mini fridge lmao
I just took my last dose of one of my sleeping pills. I dont know what to do tomorrow. I'll have to take a few extra of the other kind. 
connor got into an accident and now nobodys awake so i'm stuck in my room with a 4 day old cookie yumm 
is having a lazy sunday hidden away because the sun's hurting my eyes 
@BeanLavigne And a good morning to you! I hope you enjoyed your caffeine kick - I did with mine  so awake! What should I watch? Any ideas?
@TheMightyZeke eh yeah i had a rough night..took a sleeping pill but i ended up sleeping at 6 am  and waking up at 5 pm!
missing prayer due 2 my dumb alarm clock. not happy 
I gots a lil hangover from last night  ouch!!! but I'm good!
i've hit the boredom stage with this dissertation   sick of the library now- i wanna be in the sun!
just woke upjust woke up sadly 
sad that my feet-er roomies are leaving in the morning 
I need to see a sleep dr about the position i sleep in. I have a sore red spot in the middle of my forehead from it. 
is resting her poor feet after the big match this morn!! cant believe i hav scratches all down my arm from the girl marking me!! 
&lt;3 going shopping later... after get a much needed nap... alch+orange pixy= dead body 
so i still have the headache i had last night. not cool.  grrr. coffeeee (yes, i havent been awake long haha)
not long home, need a nap but gotta put washing on yawn. Also ive lost sight of the huge spider in here 
i cant fall asleep  my brain wont stop spinning about this summer &amp; what it holds...
@rcs2282 not so much hungover (i'm a pro-drinker!) but lots of drinking,partying(hwood, l.a.), no sleep, heels = painful feet/tired. 
ugh! i go back 2 skool 2marow  i totally shud b asleep rite now but al break i didnt go 2 bed til 3. so now i cant sleep bc its only 11:20
ughh just woke up... training in like 1 1/2 hours which will equal death 
Just awoke from a nanna nap and awoke sick 
ughh,i hate those nights when you just can't fall asleep *annoying* 
woken up at 6 because of the bloody builders 
cant sleep, my leg is not very tolerable... ouchie 
Today is going to be a looong monday - woke up at 3am with full on pounding-nauseating headache, need to be in bed asleep not at the lab 
couldnt sleep last night  my excuse for getting up at 11.30am. I hav no excuse for still bein in my pjs at 13.08 however..... 
Skipping gaming tonight 'cause I feel like hell. But I need the sleep. 
@dorkidontknow hot and hungover and nauseous 
@candeewest  sleep is always the nicer option un4tun8ly we gotta study!! i getting sleepy   help
woke up can't sleep its too hot!!!, and id be out of breath and wake up like i was drowning, i hate sleeping   
I feel dead without my morning smoke  Quit smoking is a bitch T.T
@Kmoennig  insomnia sucks. i havent gone to bed til after 6am these past few nights! 
ahh all nighter!! crazy, no sleep  dead tired!! ugh, time to slowly get ready for school . blah! 5 45!!!! :/
awake, at home, not rested  grrr
SLEEEEPP! eye doctor in the morning  then work...just keeps gettin' bettter!~
i'm out, no studio 2night  gotta get up earlier w/ the wife &amp; kid 2go shop'n for birfday and baby shower presents. then work. leave one.
my poor doggy... soooooooo not getting any sleep tonight and i have to work in the morning 
FUCKING AFTERSHOCKS!!!! I'm so not getting any sleep tonight. Anyone want to stay the night with me? I have a horrible fear of quakes 
Totally bored but not wanting to take sleeping pills and pass out yet  *le sigh*
's dad got kicked outta the rents room for snoring and now He's sleeping above my room so i can hear him  no sleep tonight.
is falling asleep...but in bed, so thats okay. kinda bummed...thought i had tomorrow off, but i work the next six days in a row 
@digitalizzm hahahahaha penis your head izzy! and it was my bedtime 6 hours ago too 
going to try and sleep before lola wakes up to eat again. so tired 
Just woke up... well kinda didnt sleep... had a fight with my boo 
Ugh so randomly up...cant effin sleep tweets 
@nik_kee_dee aww no  I had quite a good sleep and no wonder your head hurts. What was that kangaroo sex tweet about last night? x
Arggg noo ive woke up to early i dont normally wake up at 10:27  Lol  x
didn't stay up until 5, passed out at like 1 and woke up at 5:30 
Nothing like crazy dreams about wrk to ruin sleep.  - http://bkite.com/073TO
some weird noise just woke me up 
Another butt-crack of dawn start. I really need some sleep. 
woke up sweating with a fever. i feel so sick 
woke up early  couldn't get back to sleep. race later.
ohhh i think i'mma go sleep. my eyes are.. kinda hurting 
woke up too early. agh  swimm soon
trying to stay awake. i hope my mates finish smokeing soon... gotta go home to my cold lonely bed 
@ShantiSaha F no I won't go!!!!! I feel like a crack head all the redbull and vodkas ewwwww I got 2hrs of sleep and now I'm layn here 
goin to a baby shower on 4 hours of sleep and the gift isn't 100% complete 
i am so drained but i have no idea how i'm gonna sleep tonight. 
woke up. slept horribly.. 
gnarf  just woke up only to have my mouth feel like a desert...
@MAdlerLV yep fuckin suxxx. i have a lil sleep disorder called insomnia  see ya in the am!
cant sleep because of stupid allergies.. cant breathe ahhhhh 
I'm gonna sleep for another hour then go gym n for a swim!! still got my headache from last night tho! 
woke up with headache, trying to finish new moon, want movie now, loads of ironing to do now  happy days
stupid storm woke me up  lightning like 100 yds away. going back to sleep. nite nite
going to sleep!!! and hafta wake up in like 6 hoursss 
I'm pretty sure the girl I could hear argueing just got her heart broken  she is crying like crazy ... So much for sleep
not a good morning, woken up by strange neigbours going crazy with chainsaws at 9am! now the blackberrys broken 
just watching tv alone. so sad for my tita. heard her crying last night because she's starting to lose her hair because of her chemo. 
on the tube. havent slept a wink  grr  getting prom dress in 5 hours yayyyyy
woke up. about to go to work 
woke p -_- has 2 go 2 work whhy!!??  but then after the baby's 1st bday yaay!!!
Is super sleepy and  woke up too early.... 
last night got pretty long. @oceanblade was wild as hell. nice...but the music sucked. very disappointed about berlin dj team sick girls 
@DLDAVID LOL didnt fall asleep to ur email hahah!its cuz i had just over an hour's sleep last night was up till 5.30am, woke up at 7am 
woke up had a dram dat made me think about things.... 
SHOULD BE studying buttt im sleepy..only got 10 hours of sleep this wkend so far 
@ca8lin yes band practice on a sunday is lame.. it means no nap 
going to read and maybe watch some tv, then have a looooooong sleep before waking up early for school tomorrow 
watching her daughter sleep...cant believe how big she is already!! 
my neck is stiff huhuhuhu.. guess i took wrong-sleep-position 
I don't get a new pillow tonight.  looks like sleep is out of the question.
woke up but no icecream  but rallys got wings!!! now2sleep im on a mission!!
@madeofhoney  why does ur chest hurt. ur boobies! yes i miss you so much! i wish i could lay down with you all night!
i need to go reset my alarm clock but i dont feel like gettin back up. 
lol im still up for some reason cant sleep lol goodnight going back to bed 11:52 ewwww school night D;  &gt;.&lt;
I think I will try and salvage some sleep.. morning is going to come alot faster than I would like it to  goooodnightttt
woke up and can't go back to sleep..supposed to be up in 3hrs for school. yea I'm deff sick..i feel terrible. 
morniin`... just woke up. i'm gonna read my mail, eat and then go to school. it's cold outside... too bad. 
urg, forgot to brush my teeth over the weekend due to stupid sleeping times and now they feel all crappy 
dont want to work....  forgot my meds at home.... starting to feel the pain 
tried to get some sleep, and was allmost ther, then my crackhead cat decided she wanted to get high an rampage thru my house  now coffee..
havin a lazy day..neep sleep! 
cant sleep..fuck..i miss her 
I'm just woke up 
got less than 4 hrs sleep due to a gassy girl! Now she's fast asleep and I have to go to the dr... hopefully I can get a nap in later!! 
@tonightwedance gonna scream btw, what with your insults, my lack of sleep and knowin i'm up in 3 n half hours 
ok peeps gonna try and get some sleep before hubby and son return, I think all these late nights have screwed me over 
going to try very hard to get some sleep but they keep coming in to poke and prod my poor mommy 
woke up and felt that the world is against her. i miss my baby tho . he haven't called. 
cant go to sleep  maybe i shouldnt have taken a two hour nap or maybe its because there is damn light shining in my window
woke back up again , im not feeling good 
Just woke up - didnt hav a very gud sleep  - 2 many anxious dreams  Going 2make scrambled eggs for breakfast then go bak to bed!
Srsly cant fall asleep cuz my legs hurt so bad. and bc of fereks effin clock 
In so much pain woke me up and cannot fall back asleep 
watching infomercials cuz sleep broke up with meh 
hmm.. need my bestfriend to be awake 
my nose is so runny  i need a good sleep but i can't cause my body sleeps like a god damn nocturnal
In spite of not having a 4yo alarm clock...I wasn't able to sleep in. 	
stupid dog peed on my couch in the middle of the night. arg! my poor cute couch 
@lucindaaxo coming out, daisie rang and woke me up  what have i been googling btw?
Ugh freakin woke up at the crack of dawn for some reason and cantt go back to sleep cuz i keep thinking about whats about to happen today 
Still sick.  ugh just woke up to puke.
@harrywilly: i do that sometimes too! but i had a nap earlier cos i have to work on my uni assignments through the night 
woke up and hour ago..what a waste of a sunday 
tired and hungover 
im soo grumpy. i been getting horrible sleep the past few days 
is everybody fall into a deep sleep???  hmmm... xxx
@mewok how was circa i missed  stayed in a slept off the ills 
currently looking for my back-up battery for my voyager  it's gonna be a looong ass night, with NO sleep in sight D:
@Liyab yeah but my tummy is going to pay for it in the middle of the night.. 
Has just woke up  and my first lesson isn't till 11:15 so much for a lie in
Something woke me up outta my sleep....I don't know why 
fell asleep too late. woke up lil too early.  just 30 min more...
my night heres not going so well, having a hard time sleeping even with my sleeping meds, i'm stressed and a little sad 
my body thinks i only need 3 hours of sleep... this is were we have a disagreement.... soooo tired  
@ogberry aww night  sorry for going spazz mode daddy lol
(@alma2awesome) oh snap. the sleeping pills are kicking in..  goodnight...
My sleeping schedule is all out of wack 
im still sleepy.. got only 2 hours of sleep 
roadworks outside woke me up  at 12 
woke up late  that's not good, but it felt good! Texxttt.
@plastikgyrl Thanks - he's back asleep now after spending the last 2 hours lying on my chest, awake but not moving.   Methinks teeth.
Use 2 king waking me up round 8-830 2 use da bathroom, looked on da floor and he wasn't der 
ugh my tum tum hurts  is it friday yet? i need some sleep!!
latte n half asleep but im here 
gotta love quiet mornings, too bad this migraine keeps telling me its there  
that az  sleep or wha?  i aint even gih u none.... 
beginning to think i wont be able to stay awake until 245 when my hunny gets home  
woke up with a fever 
I just wanna fall asleep, why do you call randomly and mess up my brain process for a night?!! I just want my serenity back 
Ugh im tired! But i cant fuckin sleep and i dont feel good!  &lt;3verdy f. baby
cant sleep anymore  it's raining sooo hard..
@honeysfic  yea i need sleep. work in the am. also i just sorta got snapped at for still being awake by my mother. oops xD
i dont understand the world. i feel like such shit right now  i just wanna sleep for a few days. This not sleeping is a big problem 
@tommcfly agreed  being ill sucks i can hardly breath, havnt got any sleep! i dont wanna get quarentined at the airport :'/
@candydiaz nope, I gotta be awake in 6 hours 
is awake.. but ive woken up with someones cold 
trying to go to bed but cant sleep  hungry but dont want to eat. sounds like a sad country song.
Goooood morning! hahahaha  Just woke up!  I have such an ache in my throat...!  hahahah, well hope it gets better..! Whatsup!? 
couldn't get a wink of sleep last night, im bricking it over this exam tomorrow  there is nothing good on tv between 1 and 6am!!!
i'm off to try that sleep thing. my sleep patterns are completely ganked since my dad died.  night, everybody.  happy day, ponders. xo
didnt sleep well last night cant seem to sleep at all at the moment 
couldnt sleep last night, n now its morning and im still wide wake 
My eyes hurt, 4 hrs of sleep tonight aint cutting it. And the sad thing is I can't go back to bed 
woke up at the middle of night in pain. my head continues to throb. terrible 
@littledevil84 *shrug* I couldn't fall asleep til at least 4 and woke up about 11 against my will,I was having a good dream and forgot it 
sick ;  ; just woke up ; talkin to liz ; about to take a nap ; so leave somethinq worth readinq
went to bed at nine but woke up just now, can't get back to sleep.. 
hungover and revising 
ugh im so sleepy but someone woke me up from my beauty sleep 
woke up with a really sore throat  good morningg
I'm not well ; I'm leaving las vegas after 1 hr of sleep, a 7 am flight, almost losing my bberry and *sigh* no big gambling winnings 
Effing hungover 
@cherylawesome did matt tell you what happened? had a bussyyy day with minimal sleep so i ended up just passing out at his house. sorryyy 
just woke up from a nap!! damn i napped 2 long idk if ima go 2 sleep now 
I cant sleep... Five hours of sleep wont be a good thing 
 this sux...why am I up!! I fell asleep at 8 now imide awake...noooooo hate jetlag 
@sarahdparker Had a terrible night's sleep - son woke up at 4am having done a pop in bed 
the one bloody mornin i have a lie-in and i miss @rustyrockets!!!!!  am very sad now x
Just got woke up 
my head hurts.... cant sleep....and have school tomorrow...... fuck... 
din sleep very well, very HOT last nite. M in d middle on no where. no place for shopping 
Morning....sleep well?  monday and its raining 
@Dojie i dunno  i just like.. woke up lol
Pulling an all nighter. It's only 1:45a and I'm already falling asleep! It's gonna be a long ass night 
Laying in bed cant sleep     stupid effin mom had to wake up 
alarm didnt go off. ragin. i feel so bad 
I just got back in from outta town like 30 minutes ago...let's just say I'm fricken wide awake ugh! 
At library - forgot earplugs 
I never knew that not having a tv in my room would cause relationship strains. I just wanna lay in bed &amp; cuddle &amp; sleep &amp; he wants tv. 
Aughhh I feel like shit, I have no idea if I got any sleep last night, still have one more final to take in an hour 
blahhh. By alarm clock has gone off playing the same damn song over and over, but I still don't wanna get up. 
Listening to daughters by john mayer, damn I haven't take a bath but it's night already! And yet I still smell like smoke 
my arms arr killong me,  and im struggeling to stay awake.
woke up with my mom screaming about how irresponsvle I am because I missed my driving lesson tomorrow. I'm gonna have to pay fot it 
woke up with my mom screaming about how irresponsble I am because I missed my driving lesson tomorrow. I'm gonna have to pay fot it 
woke up this mornin...n cried...well damn...wish i didnt wake up 
needs more sleep  miami kicked my ass this weekend... literally!
back/neck pain, slight lack of internet, no sleep and stupid boys does not make for a fun night! 
WOW its a monsoon outside!!!! i dont think ive ever heard louder rain than this before...sucks when u cant sleep thru it either 
@cooldeadsex haha 5 hours? I hear ya brother!  insomnia suxxxxx
now i guess i better try and get some sleep...lets hope a ghost doesn't haunt me like last night...               
cant sleep again  just rented sleepless in seattle! (ironic title)  never seen it before, hoping it can put me to sleep while i watch...
@peelhere wisdom teeth. mom wont give me the good pain pills. tylenol doesnt work. got leaked on by warm peas all night. ug. miss the lab 
not much sleep last night - - still kinda sad about my gerbils dying 
drinking this yucky tea cause im sick  pray for no rain tomoz night!! xx
@KingOfAnkh kinda had trouble sleeping again 
@patrickaxe I seriously hope sophia gets out of this late night habit  stay home and take care of me and my uber sore throat plzzzz
Tired, awake, shower, work, float, lbcc, woot  find couch 4z's
woke up to early 
Waking up early sucks  Just finished an 11miler on 3 hours of sleep and tired legs. Last night was fun and def worth losing rest over! &lt;3
feeling like shit today at home just woke up fuck school i miss him 
@xo_mcflyandjb its too heavyy and i was plannin on dozing off 
a woodpecker just woke me up! 
p.s. only got 4 hours of sleeeeeep... def takin a nap before project dance tonight... sad sad 
woke up feelin a lil sneezy this morning  ughh no bueno! &amp; i got lots of stuff to do today!
just played tooth fairy to christina. woke her up. fuckkkkkk i hope she forgets 
 got my hands burned sunday at a fire. But doing much better. I guess too many beers equal me sitting too close to a firepit lol whoops.
had a nice nap but still feel like crap. stress level high so may have to kiss going out tonight goodbye...! 
@xntrek better, I thought I was going to be ok but woke  up this morning and couldn't move without feeling pain 
woke up late! 
Just startled awake from the scariest nightmare ever: cartoon wolves that were red &amp; savage at the sight of humans &amp; destroyed everyone 
could really use a few extra hours in my bed, stupid sleep pattern going crazy  http://bit.ly/S4ycG
bedtime's gettin near here..  need to sleep got to be up early for a brand new day. hello dreamworld! nite! zZzzzZZzzZZ
dammit, gotta strange smell and no obvious source. not too bad yet, but i can feel it, tomorrow it'll smell like a hot dumpster in here  
erik went to bed so now i dont have anyone to talk to  oh well. layin n the hotel room..bored. gotta wake up at the butt crack of dawn tmr
I wish someone could come spend the night with me  i want a cuddle buddy
is going to bed hopefully my mind shuts up so i can get some stinkin sleep.....help me 
wants 2 record myself singing but its 2 late  my mama sleep and i dont wanna wake her up... 
fresh prince and sleepy sleeps my nightly routine  gotta go to Dmv early tmrw  
My tummy still hurts  another cubs game tom...goood night.
cant sleep again! I couldnt sleep last night eather!  *Wabble Wabble*
I've had a sore throat since monday morning @joeyawesome...I'm just sick of it hurtin and I want some freakin sleep!     
I'm wake and sad  what the hells going on 
mmkayy TOTALLY going to bedd now. i mean it!! im only gonna get 3 hours of sleep tonight 
cant sleep  so tired! goodnight... maybe :/
3 hours of sleep and a mild hangover = carelessness and the loss of a brand new ipod pouch  
has tummy pains  n woke stu up for a drink in the middle of the night, I don't remember it
@Keiyaunna I normally dnt sleep until like 6  cud never sleep at night n ur entertainment
chillin after a LOOOONNNGGG day of basketball  hella tired sleepy time zzzz
woke up. 
i'm sick of waking up and feeling exhausted 
Ahh ! I just woke up.  forgot to reset my alarm clock.
i am up - dont want to be though  wish i had slept in more heather woke me up. i've got to work later but first i will read some twilight!
@_NewAmerykah_ im alllllllllllllllllllllllllllll about that... a nigga woke up late... didnt get my breakfast (wakenbake) 
finally got home. ohhh my aching feet!  but am happy to finally watch the giro!!!
was mostly sick when she went to bed, but woke up feeling mostly dead 
I'm half awake in my comm theory section... Wahhhh! I want my bed...  
its a beautiful night, im stuck inside feelin ill instead of being a crazzzzzzzy ass party! 
am sitting in the library with eyes half closed cause havent slept in a while coz of exams 
Oh insomnia, I hate you. I'm bored of staring at my ceiling, cano go sleepnow please? 
Fml! Ughhhhhhhhh, im not going anwhere today just sit in the bedroom I share with my mother and cry! 
thinks that Pipers molars are cutting thru  we had a nice lil nap me and the girl...now just another friday night at home w/ the lil ones
okay, need to hit the sack.  i gotta wake up in like 5 hours   goodnight everyone!
@ColdHearted19 woop right am off to &quot;try&quot; to get 2 sleep haha its 2 hot  have a good nightt x
just had dinner, cleaned my room and watched hanna montana. back to sewing. I guess im stuck home for tonight. 
sigh, was THIS close to a tstorm.. THIS close..  and all it did was rain.. all i ask is for a good thunder boomer...
#punch-in-the-face-friday so tired I am in my jam jams, reading a book in bed waiting for sleep to arrive shortly. It's only ten pm. 
If people are having loud sex...am I a perv to listen in??....I'm gonna miss having room mates  lmao
@mileycyrus whatever it is that is making you sad, i'm sure if u get some sleep u will feel better in the morning. don't be  smiley miley.
kitty just left my house; omg i am so tired from today  hahah! i need more sleep, i hate my pimples
@abaisley yes. and i think i drank waaay too much at work today. i really need to get some sleep and i'm wide awake! 
so sleepy from this puppy being up all nite  yawn yawn
dude!!! I was back yesterday didnt come on here to say cuz i was planning my revision  woke up early with a cold saw no i think its stress
woke up....read breaking down......amazing beek i don't want to finish it.......i really don't 
fuck you insomnia. my neighbors rooster is crowing already!!	4am i hate you right now.  i'll totally need a nap tomorrow.
*groan* Just woke up 
fucking cant sleep and cant go in the kitchen bc I will wakeup every1 up. im starving like crazyyyyyyyyyyyyy. no sleep tonight  ughhhhh
says oh i did not sleep well last night, woke up hugging my pillow  http://plurk.com/p/x5m2x
morning tweets! its a beautiful day!!! woke up with a tummy ache tho 
Nvm not buenas noches. I am wide awake and kind of sad that my night did not end with mcdonalds 
Pumpz is the ultimate pillow stealer. I had to leave my snoozy goths this morning  http://mypict.me/24u1
Tired after not a lot of sleep and shit dreams 
My cat is lost. she got lost like at 4:30ish in the morning and now shes like gone  idk what to do im so f'n sad
hungover to the max 
Something is botherin' the shit outta me &amp; I can't sleep!  I hate when this happens cause then I'll have a really bad sleep.
I'm going to cry my cry broke down and my concert starts in 20 mins and we are just getting to the hotel noooo  
my neighbours are partying again and i have a massive headache, cant sleep and im in so much pain, not a good night 
@angielala awww mommy. I was tryna catch u b4 u left!  have a safe flight &amp; sawwy about yesterday I was dead tired. 
awake. hungover. hungry. sad  I guess another day is starting
mornin everybody!! just woke up. layin in bed chillin. work at 11. ugh 
well well well, gotta be up at 7:30 on a sunday for work! who does that?!  they're my sleep in days .. 
@squillden LIES! Those 12 bottles made me feel great, went to sleep and now the sleep has given me a hangover 
is still drunk, oooooo i feel like shit 4 hours of sleep 
It's freakin hott!!! haha I'm sunburnt...fell asleep in the sun yesterday 
@LettyA i woke up at 8 because my body was probably all &quot;um, you should be leaving for work now..&quot;  but i fell back asleep for a little..
Up and tired couldnt sleep at all last night  my stomach hurts ugh 
@Aisliiiinngg im not.. tring to study irish in my dark room..lucky cow u dont have to  grrr
ugh i was literally up all night being sick and i'm pretty sure im dehydrated. fml. 2 hours of sleep 
OH: carson woke up at 6 a.m.  man i need a nap today! http://twurl.nl/grthth
woke up in a puddle of sweat and a really weird nightmare 
only slept 1 hr last night  i'm SO sick, i have a bad ear ache...my sister said i was crying...i need something strong!
so flipping bored and so very tired. might go for a nap I think, stupid weather and nothing to do coz I'm skint 
another saturday at the heron... *sigh* and so far not a soul in sight.  What i would give to be somewhere else... 
had a bad sleep last night and i feel like crap, my throat is killing me! 
 woke up not feeling well
last night was fun! waiting for babe to wake up. cant sleep nomore 
@mrs13 Thanks!  I am trying - he just keeps having wild swings - great for awhile and incoherent and crazy a few hours later 
1pm, power came on for a bit and is back out now.  good chance to catch up on sleep :p @pepcoconnect
It was one of the best afternoons in my live, coz I spent it with my @Kosiem! But now I'm sad, cause she's gone 
woke up at like 8:30...fell asleep yesterday 11:40...im tired   
I don't like not being able to breath/feeling like imma puke in the morning... 
Arghhh I wish this headache would go away  I already too my allergy pill at Noon followed by some Advil a few mins ago :|
fuck srsly le cercle killed me last night... T-T bedrest for life!!  hah and my phone's failing on me... 
@NoelAriana nm just woke after not enough sleep 
hungover hot sad mess. 
Fraking kitteh wakes me cause she wanted to go out when it's 3c idiot  back to blankies &amp; Pokemonz for me :p
man i keep going in and out of sleep! i hate being sick  im even late for the darn internet radio show  boooooooo
am so tired but cant sleep due to painful leg  thought it would b a good idea2try a handstand after havin a few drinks ...
It was a good nap...woke up feeling worse 
@Pepsimo seems ok. contractions this morn, did a few tests and they are observin 4 pre eclampsia (spell check!) so she is in overnight 
@Suebots I have to live alone?! I don't wanna be a big boy I want take out n sleep overs  sniffle
@JoiStaRR whatever happened to miami auditions? Why does every one sleep on miami? 
drag me to hell was ok. typical scary movie. now my overactive imagination kicks in. G'luck w/me getting sleep tonite 
@pattiw23  yep we have the same thing if you are taking codeine cough meds too.. and staying up all random hours of the night...booo 
cant sleep, what else is new? tempted to start summer reading, but prob won't. Dreading tomorrow, besties leave w/out me for the beach! 
want to sleep, but no sleep tonight.  got my redbulls ready in the fridge.
night total clear, pedro into a realit show ! cryin' like a baby right now. 
woke up to evil talking flowers, now i cant sleep any more 
Gooodmorning twitters! Why do I wake up so early in the morning? I just wanna sleep more! 
cant sleep without my hubby 
shit! i have a bug bite on my ankle!!  and im just going to fall asleep with him now.&lt;3 its the best way to end my night...
@bobbi10100 still feeling quite dodgy,slept on &amp; off  hows you?
bedtime now, starving, diets are a pain in my ass, why the hell do i like food so much 
I've just woke up and I'm suprised because nobody is online 
crap!  fell asleep about 7... just woke up.  hate sleeping away the weekend!   ooo chick on deathproof bout to lose her leg! hah!
Apparently, I'm a lot more sensitive to caffeine now, said the sleepless man...  #fb
@facit no i dont have prescription meds.  i usually pop in panadol tablets, but nothing beats sleep in a cool, dark room + an ice pack.
-cant sleep worth a nothing!  ugh! i wonder if fresh prince is on!
I forgot I took a freaking nap due to my hang over this morning! now I know i'll be up forever  i'll just have to skip todays nap. Lol
@Madddddii I left my pillow at the hotel hahahaha 
hmm how long can you lass's sleep seems like mah gf can sleep for days  yawn
just cannot sleep. terrible nightmare tonight. ughh... :/ maybe just one more hr of sleep. it is all I ask. 
woke up tooo early. 
awake @ 6am thanks to my neighbor's nympho ass. This happens every day/nite waking up to the sound of banging &amp; cant go back to sleep! 
supposed to wake up at 7, woke up at 9.30 instead! pfft! 
sighs went to bed at 4am and its now almost 8am, not been able to get sleep  not feeling good either, sighs
hates those stupid sleep demons who sat next to me at 8a service!  i'm off to get some  crack in a cup before 11a service!
just got up. had a decent sleep. sad that my daddy has to go away for 4 days 
ugh! woke up 2 a flat tire 
Just getting woke up. And sneezing 
I have a damn headache! So much for getting my beauty sleep   princess 
So yeah my whole body is red and swollen and I'm in a lot of pain! Only 3 hours of sleep last night 
nothing like waking up, still sick  with a cranky toddler...
damnit, fell back asleep... and now im 30 min late for church, and i havent even showered or anything 
gizmo was okay - he doing a lot of sleeping...more than usual???     shower.
awake &amp; bored. can't fall back asleep  I keep getting angry &amp; regretting it at the same time! muy muy frustrating
I really hate going to work this early.. especially when I only get a few hrs of sleep.. ughh my eyes burn 
@SimplyBenjamin I sadly woke up at 9 oclock  stupid nervousness.
Eating breakfast at 2:30pm with @eelectric_lines......then gonna watch her get tattooed and slit my wrists because I can't 
woke up on the wrong side of the bed again... i needed get out of here 
I told u guys I would fall ban asleep. I jus woke up like 10 mins ago LOL. I hate my plastic retainer it hurts, my braces never hurt 
watching reruns of runs house while chillin in my boyfriends dorm. I hate that i gotta leave in a little bit...another 4 hours 
tristan won't take naps for ANYTHING now that he doesn't have a crib anymore. 
i really wish the farmers market wouldnt stop at 1 pm? what the hell, i didnt wake up til 11 
Listening to my mom talk for the last 2 hours....trying not to move around too much, as I am off my meds and super dizzy 
a mere 3 hours of sleep. screw the flu.  its so gonna be monday bluey bluesss. i need a doctor!!!
getting no sleep lastnight is killing me! and i didnt even get n00dz out of it 
cant sleep too hot  maybe ill listen to my ipod
Bout to try and take a nap i feel like shit 
cant sleep- prospect of failing maths miserably in the morning is not helping 
its sunny and lovely again. i've been awake since 7, got to go to work in 20 minutes. stuck inside when its like this? fail 
@smcnally13 i miss youuuu theres nobody to come downstairs and get snacks at 4am  rudy sleeps in my room now.. i hate him haha
@smcnally13 i miss youuuu theres nobody to come downstairs and get snacks with me at 4am  rudy sleeps in my room now.. i hate him haha
Is up at this hour comforting a scared puppy from the storm...  mia it's going to be okay I promise
nackerddd!  in college tryina sleep on the desk.. ir ain workin' x
had fun wit the boyfriend last nite....i'm bout ready to fall asleep at work 
night mare tremor seizures please stop. i know im self exhausted but you scare the shit out of me.  come sleep with me im scared.
and im trying to restrain myself from eating nurofen 3 days in a row. meh, i hate minor headaches.  a sign of lack of sleep. boo.
blah study hall is so boring, i just wanna sleep! cause people are bitches and keep me up! 
i think i had too much caffeine last night. couldnt sleep for crap 
Ugh, I'm so not used to waking up this early 
lets hope there's someone awake to talk me down or else I'm going to buy a drobo in the next 24 hrs.  too bad i missed the $40 rebate 
oh wow.  what a terrible night of sleep 
hi @vectorlovers i only turn the tv on , if i can't sleep ! no sleeping pills necessary ! haven't heard about the plane crash so far ... 
feeling absolutely horrid. slept 2.5 hours last night (if that) sore throat, fever, aches! &amp; im at work      wishing today would end now!
home from school so tired got no sleep lastnite. bruder went away today guna b boring without him  lool
at home sick today. something's wrong with my tummy. hoping i feel better soon bc daytime tv is awful... 
I wanna go to the gym but I'm afraid to go into the bedroom and wake up the boy after his overnight shift at work 
woke up late 
@officialcash64 Lol I thought I was da only 1 I wanted 2 rip my hair out! only had 4 hrs of sleep 
woke up to a missing aeroplane  Thoughts go out to the families
She's asthmatic and when she went to the doc this morning, she didn't do the nebuliser treatment coz someone was quarantined in the room 
ugh, woke up late; hoping into the shower. feels like a fml day 
ugh, woke up late; hopping into the shower. feels like a fml day 
I didn't even peep the breakfast til' a minute ago I faced the ginger ale and went bacc 2 sleep by the time I woke up she was gone 
I fear I've fallen back into my shitty sleep schedule  please no, I was actually starting to get a good nights sleep D:
@wx4svr   wow, still dont know though why your having them? I thought you were having seizures before the whole waking up on the floor ...
One word bout the nite job: sweats&amp;sneaks... 'Cept i can't seem 2 find my sneaks. 
so sleepy from allergy medicine/being woken up by inky meowing in a super whiny way outside my door this morning 
back to reality....my little vaca was fun and relaxing... back to work 2morrow 
OK...so I'm really bored...went over board hyper a minute ago and now I am depressed....its like being drunk!  xx
omg i am so tired. stayed out late last night woke up early, now driving.  142 miles will we hit the 10 fwy
says woke up and can't sleep anymore...  http://plurk.com/p/xpwy8
still sleepy. (: did'nt have enough sleep. arrived home at exactly 4am na. err. so late. not yet doing my LMPs. sounds like pressure. 
wake up with a very bad stomachache.  
why can't i freaking sleep  its nearing 2am and i need to get up early! maybe i'll have to start counting sheep
soo tirreed just woke up and hoping she'll be able to go to bed later 
@MattShield I'm at home. Should have stayed on at uni I reckon.. Not gonna get any sleep 2nite as I have so much 2 do!! 
omfg!!! im so nervous... what if i wet my bed, what if i talk in my sleep about my darkest secrets.....   
why does my housemate think it's a good idea to mop the kitchen floor at lunchtime? im starving dammit and can't get to the kitchen 
cant sleep! and I have a to tutor early in the morning before jury duty!! 
I woke up from a 3hr nap! what the hell am i gonna do for the rest of the evening 
mad tired/sleepy from yesterday's drinking/mj 
@CosmoDCgal she's ok but i just dont want to always be with her.  and right now shes down stairs in the bar probably getting drunk 
sleep. school to pick up grad tickets. lost mine  whoops. i guess thats a little important.
*yawn* omg! super super tired! but not sleepy at all     no sleep last night hmm no sleep tonight???? boo!
sleep still off! jus woke up....hope i can go back to sleep at least in a couple of hrs  ...if your up too get at me
incessant coughs &amp; stuffy nose. when will i get bettterrrrrr. i just wanna watch house, &amp; sleep. but i have hw 
I shoulda had the cuddle buddy come over   who knows, possibly coulda got another breakfast out of it LoL! Gnite my lil tweeties 
ok i had my cold lunch. now another round of cough meds and sleep again 
@victoria_mag i know. ridiculous. i had five 10 min naps yday and slept on my sofa for like 3 hours there. waaaaaaah. englang 
another 4-hr nite of sleep... taking the train manana-maybe i can catch some shut-eye there 
now breathg better. going 2 try 2 sleep 4 a few hours. going 2 be hard 2 give up the chewies &amp; raw granola w/oats, but i must.  need alt.
grrrr new bed, cant sleep, so tired 
Usure when sleep occurred but woke up with laptop on knee showing unfinished blog and 269 tweets of what I missed of E3 overnight 
@lone_observer yeah bro.. but still these days i m hardly getting any sleep.. too many tensions in mind due to this job cutting.. 
spent the last lesson in the sick bay today  bleh. I had a good awake-nap though. cannot stop thinking, someone help me.
dog just woke me up. went pee outside.  feeling down. 
cara: worst night sleep in history!! think i must have got about 3 hours at the most  Hateee being ill!  x
woke up wayy to early 
Anxiety &amp; apprehension rear their heads again. Just gonna take the sleep aids, no point prolonging. 
went to bed at 11pm out of sheer exhaustion, slept 2 hrs, now wide awake w/ insomnia. my body aches, think i'm coming down w/ something. 
Oh where, oh where has my sleep gone? 
Upgraded to a wheezing......damn! Finally going to doctor this afternoon. 
am up if not awake ...brain says walk the dogs ... body says walk? ... go ahead I dare ya 
holy crap. my feets are hurting, from working 6 hours in a hotel! it was horrible and its soo hot. 
couldnt sleep all night cause I wanted to be with him, woke up late, now us celluar tells me my phone is unrepairable  epic.
is allergic to stress and breaking out in hives? i can't beliee this  i hope its gone by my birthday which is on thursday! ahhhhhh.
tried a brief nap when i got in but still can't shift this shitty headache... damn you dehydration and air con rooms on hot days... 
@wearingmascara I feel you. I went to sleep with one &amp; woke up with one! 
wish I could take a nap, but I probably need to be awake when my grandfather gets here... so tired 
I wanna take a nap  ....my body is saying hell yea but my mind is saying hell no 
@scrappinmichele i have those days too  I find the only thing that works is to reboot after a good nite's sleep;  wishing you good sleeps!
been watching plastic surgery shows all night... hmmmmm... intertesting ;) got cramps  gonna watch some chitty then sleep! goodnight xoxo
awake....exhausted.....can't sleep tho, goin on 24hrs @ 10:28...can u say insomnia 
hey whats up twitches &amp; twiggas!!!! what the fcuk is up tonite??? feel like i have spoke to my twits all day  lol
home. sleep. I lost my ipod last night, btw. 
has some intense shoulder pains tonight and def. almost fainted on the way to the washroom... bedtime is a good idea  night xo
dammit, forgot something at home... cant sleep and my flight's in a few hours 
just got back to vinces..my last night living here   had a long day of packing so im guna shower and get some sleep - more packing 2morrow
@eonbluerickets hay darlin..i jus woke up.. i gotta headache 
Still awake.. missin him so muchhhhh  butttt fortunately, being awake is allowing me to learn new things.. HmmMm!! http://mypict.me/2rAJ
 this thunder is scary. U woke me up and now i cant go back to sleeeep! lol.
and i took a nap earlier and apparently i was laughing like crazy ahahaha  i dont remember why tho  booooooo!
damn its storning! thunder woke me up 
@darrenhayes join the club!  try having kidney stones....very painful= no sleep! *cries*
@aussie_at_heart ahhhh no  hence no smell this morning. Just know some bakers lol
@jaychasm i was asleep but daniel called and woke me up, he talk to me for like 5 minutes then clicked, couldnt go back to sleep 
forgot to take my hayfever meds this morning and am now starting to feel the consequences  man my eyes are so itchy, this sucks!
is soooo tired but no chance of sleep untill at least midnight  let's hope the kids don't keep me awake again tonight like last night xxx
had the worst sleep last night. woke up countless times in a fit of sweat and tears. buckets full of tears. not happy jan 
i can't even open my eyes from crying so hard...  no sleep. no break. no mom.
arghhh!!!! ive left the tracklisting to last nights show at home  bugger... archive will be up 2morrow now then
Its morning, i'm back home from work early, and either my hey fever is worse than ever or someone injected me with swine flu in my sleep! 
watching the hills with a mochachino. so sleepy, couldnt sleep last night at all 
The thunder and lightning woke me up.      can't fall back asleep now!
sleep seems unattainable at this moment and the rain forcing me to re-evaluate the wardrobe for todayz interview  but I will perservere!!!
I didn't even take a long enough nap to warrent this up all night he**  gotta hit up the double brew when I get to the crack house.
this lighting woke me up n scarred me I missing my bf 
@gambituk awww no - good waking up ; ) or bad waking up 
I can't sleep cuz my throat hurts alot, &amp; I can't find any cold/congestion meds, &amp; now the outside birds are singing morning already! 
trying to sleep .. woke up to pee .. not tired anymore  .. i should never go to bed before 12 ..
woken up by loud thunder 
arrived home , mum still hasn't cleaned room |: cant reformat PC yet  me thinks ill be awake for a long time tonight...
I hate being a light sleeper, the thunder woke me up 
so sickkkkk of being poor, i have $30 left in my checking account to last me til next thursday. sooo lameee. also i got 4 hours of sleep. 
getting ready for another long ass day out in the sun. I'm tired as hell and my body aches. Just wanna go back to sleep. 
urgh. just woke up. still kinda sunny. beach yesterday was fun, was gonna go on the bouncy castle, apparintally its for 10 and under 
@joni525  this shit is horrible. I just got to bed but am wide awake. Something is seriously off with my body chemistry.
crap sleep..  too warm... have a good day y'all!! 
ugh my legs hurt soo bad  cant sleep because of it
is freakin awake  boyfriend had to go to work early..ugh!
is gutted my poor dog got bit on the ear last nite - there was blood everywhere - stayed at the vets last nite and has stiches 
is gutted my poor dog got bit on the ear last nite - there was blood everywhere - stayed at the vets last nite and has stiches 
forgot to set my alarm for this morning. had a terrible dream about an airborne zombie virus, woke up half hr late 
no sleep again ... dam it sucks when you want someone so much that you can even sleep in your own bed anymore     blah
Goodniteee, mum's nagging me to go sleep now   byee xo
slept till 10 woke up all yucky... i had dream about food  which made me hungry and sad cuz we dont have the food dreamt about :'(
@ainorookie thankyou hahaha yes, maybe because I didn't blow my hair and fallen asleep yesterday. 
nap then going for a walk?!?!?!   yep, a walk... i'm not allowed to run since it will dislocate the bone....  
I'm freaking hell tired,but I don't feel like sleeping. I dont know why 
just finished packing about to take a nap cuz it looks like its about to start storming again  no beach today
I need to stop sleeping on my arms, cause I get them numb and its annoying 
We had a tofu slumber party and @mikflo says I was talking in my sleep. I was having nightmares, ok! 
@tronicsfan .. whoa .. no one gets the credit okay ? Its all the baby's .. sleep a little while tweeting and I'm caught 
For the love of goodness, WHY did I wake up at 2? It's like waking up at 2 in the morning! &gt; 
so far not a fun friday night.  the teething baby needs to stop crying and go to sleep 
woke up from a nap hoping everything would be cool apparently not. ugh fml. 
Ugh.... just woke up feeling groggy   
just got home. sooo tired wanna sleep but parents have loud music downstairs with mates 
why do i need to think about drag me to hell at night? im scared to go to the bathroom or anything incase an old gyspie woman attacks me 
hoooray now her family must really think im a good guy  no sleep last night cause i was nervous that i would oversleep my class reall ...
woke up too early 
i dont hink i've laughed this much in my life...tv, sleep and then sat 2's in the am 
dead tired from the rainy commute. still up working! will be up for a while...no partay pour moi 
i ll try to get some sleep. i'm so nervous, so tired, so devasted,  want to cry and cry n i want to dissappear of the worl 
The stupid Italian-American festival at the fairgrounds is interrupting my sleep. I'm a crabby pants 
eat. puke. sleep. puke. breathe. puke. not ok. 
@FallenStar1 she has awful allergies - this one is the grass in the backyard  i feel so bad because benadryl isn*t working for her tonite!
6am and still wide awake. What the hell is wrong with me?! I just wanna sleep 
@kirstiealley Are you mad at me for being out of the pocket after midnight? 
wish my friends werent leaving in the morning  sleep.
woke up at 5 am !!! couldnt sleep 
@blessedsister me too, but the dawn chorus woke me 
@Orchidflower kind of a late bedtime, almost midnight and I'm on my couch. I got your name wrong today in #ff 
I'm not sleepy anymore after taking a nap at taco cabana while my habibatees take pictures of me 
woke up just now...goin need to eat somthin  !! 
It is raining !!!  .............my dog smell like popo........this morning suck!
DAMMIT! The journey yesterday apparently tired me out more than I thought....went and slept right through black squadron 
ugh 12 hours sleep, i don't feel right. woke up with a load of missed calls - was meant to be at a house warming last night, ooops 
I just had a tampon in for 12 hours... I passed out... nobody woke me up...now I can't even sleep... I'm too pissed 
@chaudeey yeah sorry because of this morning ;)) i trained from 11 to 12.30... did one exercise +10 lbs and it burned that hard  
home from @looobaa's im sooo tired! its @ainz16's fault for waking me up! i need to study for fashion  x
5am and up with a major headache and a runny nose that I just can't catch  the beginning of a long dreadful day ughh
Going nutz at home cant sleep 
I got a whole 4.5 hours of sleep last night because for whatever reason, I couldn't fall asleep  I'm sure I'm gonna be feeling the eff ...
woke up late.....I hate working desk 
good mornig, unfortunally  
@colbyjennnings omg i'm sorry  and sorry if you fell asleep and this woke you again
woke up with no voice &amp; desperately wanting to die  nyquil &amp; bedrest = my new bff!
and i didnt kiss the bf goodbye this morning so i am feeling sad/guilty. stupid fights 
@exotic 5! Then I gg 2 work 2night @ 9! Ahhh... I need some sleep! I drank a coffee n redbull this mornin n still tired 
awake  i guess i have a list of chores? what the fuck... i dont like the sound of that
chillin just woke up! 
Tired, cold, and I need an iced coffee! I'm @ a training til 4pm.   not to mention I forgot my pants!
@igortizz went 2 bed at 11 woke up at 5 
gasp. i'm getting a new bed mattress on monday. i miss my old one!!! we've been through everything together! *sniff* 
@trelllla sounds yum! that thunder this morning was crazy! that realllllly big one woke everyone in my house up, still raining 
 I only have drowsy medicine left. oh joy. im supposed to clean the house while trying NOT to fall asleep?
hmm...tried to see if the bf was awake yet, and he totally ignored me. 
woke up too late to get the free bagels in the lobby 
@dicekiss lol...drive fast..eat slow.   woke up missin u....had a dream n thought it was real.
@muzik_man i didnt fall asleep last night..i got a booted and couldnt get back on 
Why do I suffer from migraines? And on my wedding shower  gonna sleep it off.
those who cross me shall not survive my wrath... lol, damn do i need some sleep... work 2nite... i miss my baby 
woke up tired. i need a smoke 
@KristenGilmore i'm not gonna lie, it was awesome, but now i can't get all the way awake  
I miss out on an incredible service cos I was attacked by sleep monster 
fun night in davis! 5 hours of sleep and clean up  now back to reality
my neighbor's freaky talking parrot outside woke me up 
@jeannysd .. I second that!! terrible waking up and still drunk 
Oh shit! a feel asleep for half an hour and now I  have less than 30mins to get ready ahhhhhhhh 
fck @mileycyrus for being in a dark room w nick ! turn the lights on! 
taking a nap.. I need a cuddle buddy  hmmm @tross24? hehe
Finding myself in a quiet house cos everyone else is out...kinda nice. Now just to get rid of mouth ulcer pain before tomorrow morning 
@josiebennett Thanks 4 the tip I will!Hope u manage 2 get some sleep tonight jetlag is a pain 
is lying with her bestie hannah (pancakes) after a crazy night including getting ice-cream all over my facce 
cant sleep, wifes away, will c her after a month 
taking a nap cause ernie got me sick 
woke up far too late 
im about 2 take a nap its raining 
@terileablews im allowed to go to marra+sleep at your house. can i tgp shirt myself for marra? i have no clothes  call you round 5pm? ily
Oh gotta bad feeling about tonight  one little man asleep other one def not!!!
tired as. chris's phone had to go off at 9 30 this mornin only got an hour sleep 
just got up from a nap, tryin to get back on this but i can't keep  my eyes open 
@govsocgradessex yep that is evening...so tired...TWO kids instead of one last night...and throbbing headache   hahaha!!
I swear imma cry in like 5 seconds I can't take this pain anymore 
My macbook pro wouldnt wake up from sleep. I'm handicapped. 
wakes up feeling lonely...  *emo*
on ze couch, just woke up again  watching some movie with that short robber dude thats in home alone, with the weird voice
is going to sleep now. everyone i was texting fell asleep on me.  text the cell. lauren's tomorrow with shelbzzz. lovee them guys adios.
Is watching #UP, heard it's good, too bad the 3D showtime is sold out had to see it in regular D 
Long day super tired but cant get comfy enough to fall asleep looks like another sleepless night poor hubby 
after a very nice cat and dog fite and a terrible sleep- i understand that sunday mornings shud never begin such, esp when u r alone 
woken up at 6:30 by the thunder! no getting back to sleep now 
@sethboyer Ahh that is awesome, heh totally was thinking of someone else, an rstevens who does a webcomic...going to get needed sleep now 
gettin sleepy.. wish my honey didn't fall asleep at like 8 tonight! lazy ass! i need my goodnight kiss through the phone 
I can never sleep past 6am anymore. - svjdvdf  I just want to get a hot water bottle, curl up in bed and... http://tumblr.com/xsg1z16y2
threw an awesome baby shower for my ls today came home and crashed, woke up at 1am and now I cant go to sleep 
Tired as hell. I should have taken a nap when I had the chance. 
this cough is getting worse.   I need a cuddle buddy.
is anyone still up on twitter? fell asleep n woke bak up for no reason 
just once I'd like 2 go 2 bed &amp; fall stright asleep &amp; not look @ the cealing 4 2 damn hrs 
Thanks tornado warning, for the sleepless night. camp should be fun with no sleep tomorrow! not...ugh.  see you saturday, world.
I feel like an asshole.  the dog barked which woke the baby which woke everyone.   I need to stop going out while i am still living here.
I totally dreamed that i went to the cook out...it was pretty real too...then i rolled over woke up and realized it was 2:40 am...bummer 
my sister just woke me up via cellphone  it's 4am.  going back to sleeeep. goodnight world! &lt;33
omg i think everybody sleep 
yawn! its a sunday and i woke up at 8.30. failed to have a lie in, again 
@SwanksGoLightly i have to go to a wake 2morrow...  
woke up with a cat and a dog on top of me. no wonder i was so bloody hot. also took me half an hour to get my dress off  back zips fail.
I can't sleep  but I'm a sleepyhead.
is still up...ooh fuck me &amp; my sleeping schedule  ..
@ktoint83 i was awake til about 7.  think im going to end up with a migraine today from lack of sleep. yuk  what the papers sayin now?
forgot to turn off the alarm. now im wide awake and its sunday 6 am. fml 
curled up in bed hiding away from the thunder &amp; lightening.  i need a cuddle from jack!
woke out of nowhere with the worst migraine in my life feel like im dying plz help 
@colourstreaks ice cream may not work out  cause my mom said she'll be too tired to help us crazy ppl at 10.30 at night
woke up at 5, now can't go back to sleep 
@elizabethlmccoy hubby couldn't sleep so turns TV on which woke me up - he falls asleep and i'm wide awake 
@luv4tn I always have fun there. But last night, my quick nap turned comatose and I didn't go at all 
sun is maaad bright shit woke me up  bak hurts
Up early today...  getting the girls ready for their sleep overs tonight- one staying here with a friend, one leaving.  uneasy about it. 
awake from an effing charlie horse! note: eat a banana tomorrow. I can't walk 
morning run with my daph. i feel sweaty and gross. also, hungry. ahaha barf. my allergies are already coming back though 
Anyone know when and how to cut out night feedings?  Not sure whether he is really hungry or wants to comfort suck....mama is spent 
If its alright, ill lie awake at night pretending I am curled up at your side. What would I do without @delta_goodrem and her songs? 
@jeraa2t ok...didn't sleep well...def will need a nap later, but have to deal with some things first...gloomy here this morning 
awake. Finals start tuesday, ewwwww I guess I have to study 
Ugh hungover and I can't fall back asleep 
hungover an in desperate need of a fag but its raining too much to go outside 
woke up with major cramps this morning  thank god for advil!!
Morning tweeples, I need some window treatments doggone sun woke me up thru the blinds 
I never actually watched the movie...I went into an alcohol-induced sleep...yeah... Now I have a really bad head ache!!  I'll ttyl! P&amp;L!
Trying not to fall asleep!  What about a visit of the fitness center? hmmm...still debating! #shouldistayorshouldigo
i want to go for a walk, but nobody is awake to come with me 
Ugh just woke up I'm still tired 
omg... just woke up... and it hurts to move  damn baseball
I feel scattered this morning. The power must have flickered cause I woke up to a blinking alarm clock.  abt to pull in the church.
@ShystieUK well you seemed to get by okay without any other suggestions from me! I couldn't hack it - fell stone cold asleep mid-message 
tired  just woke up.
boring night.. cant sleep..  I guess I should watch another movie... 
drinking coffee (yeah not good for the unhappy tummy) and reading the nytimes when really I should still be in bed, 4hrs of sleep 
skipped swimming, woke up @ 10, finished eye exercises! its a hot sunday 
woke up and a spider was crawling on my arm...idk where he went...i refuse to back in my room 
Its way to early to be awake on a sunday... I don't even get to go surfing 
Dangit! 2nd sun n a row tht I shut my alarm off n my sleep n missd service 
hungover doesn't even begin to explain how I feel right now 
Missing church today  my baby girl woke me up to a lovely suprise at 4am.......cleaning up throw up while half asleep....not so fun!
omfg! look the hour!!! nobody woke me up. 
omg. gotta wake for rotations in 3.5 hrs :/ lack of sleep much?  maybe it's cos i'm not used to not talking to u 
lol i only have like 15 sticker sets done for otakon  and my head hurts so i took a tylenol pm and now im all... drowsy. ARGGH.
waiting 4 my roommate 2 bring my food back....im hungry den a.....yeah i nedd 2 eat 2morrow i start my diet and workoutz 
Nagging tummy ache 4 days now...kept me up w/ nightmares last night  tums are my bff rt now
The only thing that takes away from this terrible sunburn is laying on my back with my legs up.    I'll go watch a movie and nap.  
Heading back from water taxi......house music the whole time but how I had the best nap ever but woke up w a pounding headache! 
lola just woke up. i think she's mad at me 
Having a sick kid SUCKS! And she gets to nap here and there... I was up all night and a nap is nowhere in my future!  yawnnn :-on
going to bed nearly half one , got to be up early for exam  but will probs come back home an sleep  so not all bad
now i'll see my new dvd of mcfly and after, sleep...class tomorrow  xx
is about to pull a all nighter...still gotta wake up early doe 
@blathering i'm pretty much in for the night now...getting sleepy....too much wine drunk...wouldn't be good to drive  i'm a puddin' head
bout to head back to my room after this game..then it's bedtime gotta wake up early 
@katie_doyle mmhmm  slept for like 20 minutes and woke up, been downloading music since 
voice gone = needing lots of sleep and tea 
stayed in and had a nice day wit the fam! Now im pissed cause I have to sleep on this damn couch verses my comfy bed 
AAAAGGGGHHHHHH!!!!! i cant fall asleep. mabye its just one of thoses nights 
This stupid thuderstorm woke me up 
smh cant sleep, hungry n head itchin meh 
once again ive woken up early 
sick.  what a bust. and my ankle is done for. awesome. looks like i win. i'm watching the oc in bed and going to fall asleep.
i want my mana potion...cant stay awake 
i feel asleep watching a movie...n woke up grumpy..n sad thinking about my friend melly..hope she gets better.. 
@tantamani Not cats this time, stomach hurts possibly by eating too much chinese before sleep  But now everything is a-okay.
morning.... ohh geez my heads soo sore ... sick all morning 
fuck.. was sleeping and woke up choking to death. wtf is up with that! the universe does not want me to sleep 
Having real trouble sleeping last few nights...keep missing tournies cuz too sleepy...I hope this pill works 
we r now goin on over 20 mins the alarm this is stupid &amp; i'm about 2 kick his ass i need more sleep 
cant sleep. Only one more day with my bff before she goes home 
My father just woke me up at 6:07 for work. i told him i was going to wake myself up @ 6:30. in response, he turns on my radio &amp; lights. 
I was right - rubbish night's sleep, leading to brain fog today, now apparently leading to a headache    I need a hug 
sun burnt, no sleep, boss is being a complete idiot, working late and a headache! yep its definately monday...again! 
I got the  BEST massage of my life last night.. but i went and f** up  my neck and upper back today... smh ===ouch  ineedyouu..
a list of what i did today: eat, watch tv, tweet, sleep, throw up, sleep some more, throw up some more in other words i'm sick 
Its not coo when ur stress gets to you in your sleep and dream...now I'm wide awake at 4am 
Its 6:30 and the im awake and my temp is 99. this fever isnt going down at all. 
@flaca_sp julianna n marissa were in bed w me watchn the movie but didnt sleep w me  miss u, come back!
I think &lt; 3 hours of sleep + a cold = dimming of my #pens stanley cup glow.  
ugh interuption to my sleep plan! hav t drive down t straffan and pick up mam 
@lauramast FAILED at waking up  I might bring you a present
I hate it when people suddenly show up to commandeer your room and you have to sleep somewhere else.   I'm already in sleep mode, damnit.
the ol' stomach is really takin it to me this morn 
@jedibassvampire yip kirsty asked big rob lmfaoo lol and i know i nearly cried !!! and she went to there htoel 
hmmm sleepy... Not happy looking at the fact that I have to work at 6pm to close 
last night with my mom  and have a semi-interview thing tomo :S eep!!
Me: &quot;going away for 2 nights. that ok?&quot; 5yo son: &quot;a bit. I'll miss you.&quot; ...still echoing in my head from this morning. 
woke up and feelin lazy.. 
Heavens have at least opened- wondering why its lack of sleep or a bug that is crippling me 
woke up!!  trying to get back to sleep.
me sleepy. champion woke me up around 10  meh!
@kheningburg my little sis and I are supposed to be having a sleep over on friday, so...no can do  if that changes, i'll be there.
Thanks for your advice everyone.  I will wait till morning. Grumplestiltskin is fidgiting in his sleep &amp; looking very uncomfortable 
gettin ready for shows this weekend!  LOTS to do means very little sleep for me! 
couldnt sleep last nite 
I probably should have stuck to 2 shots in my americano this afternoon....the 3rd left we with a caffeine overload 
stuck in the potty room til the rain stops 
pizza hut stomach ache  but im getin so stoked for bare witness tonight! fuck!
up from my short nap (booo) now finally taking whip to auto-mobile hospital  lol
@DarkGX hey! just kinda woke up... i'm soooooo out of it. i'mma shower &amp; take my walk of the day so i might have 2 hit u up only 2morra 
2am, pounding headache &amp; i feel sick  so i'm off to sleep hopefully. had a good night at alex's, i'm in a shitty mood now though  boo!
awake.. ughh tahitian practice in an hour. im hungry. i think i outdit myself in the lower abb workout. its sore 
@AmGies - Babes? i think we're trading places tonight, its 5:10 am and cant sleep yet  i'll definitely sound like a fool on the interview
my little one is having tummy issues  off to sleep while he is calm again. I've gotta wake up early for a newborn session!
U kno when u feel that little tinkle n ur throat (pause).. And u know u bout to get that nice fresh cold n morning... 
~note to self..should take meds at bedtime cuz they make u sad  ...
ima call it a night got my room bac  evrybdy sleep ;) yah now I got to move this heavy lil girl w/o wakin her up  gud night twitterlan ...
return of the spider that escaped the other day, woke up to it on my arm.. fml, im sleeping upstairs tonight 
woke up to a migraine and vomiting... god wtf?!    
@maridomin its 1:48 here and im soo tired i ahvent slept since 7pm on sunday!!!  need sleep but gotta study!!
hmm praying that I actually sleep tonight although I probably won't since I'm sick  and who sleeps when they can't breathe well!
awoken 30 minutes ago.... going to school now -argh! I'm soo tired  - c.u.later xoxo
I need some sleep. I'm tired of wakin up at 3 in the afternoon. I've been layin starin at the wall 4 so long but can sleep 
can't sleep  so much to do today for these kids and i don't feel well!! oh well gotta suck it up and numb my uterus w. advil LoL
: bad bad morning...migraine...backache...and a bitch for a boss! 
@jesscocaine i feel ya! I got sore throat, ear ache, bloody sneezing &amp; a groggy head  hope ya feel better soon -boob girl
@Hesguapanese popcorn LOL good nap? U not my friend nomore damn how quickly things change  tear
eep. just had a waking nightmare. i don't know if i'll be able to get back to sleep now..... 
my hayfever is awful i cant like breath and my eyes are swallon i feel like crapppp  had it all last night aswell
Laying in bed.  my dad yelled at me for being awake. Apparently i have to wake up and do chores early tomorrow. 
gotta get some sleep...class 2morrow...ugh!!! 
@sorcha69 yeh.thy usually shift my cold  in like1 day,lol.i get hayfever too.cant take pills for it,thy give me sore stomach  xxx
fell asleep at a decent time only to be awoken by a drunken yelling and fighting cus of parents. now im wide awake 
is feeling a lil bit under the weather 2day.  damn friend turnin up at 2am 2 crash! disrupted my sleep. grrrr. lol. x
@chrissyglickman  im fallin asleep as we speak, I prob wont b awake  get sum sleep we have a bfast date 2mrw! ;)
tired....... just woke up... 
@coollike http://twitpic.com/7j985 -  i wouldnt want that. cus it'll dodge if I close the alarm without waking up. i usually rest abit ...
trying to force the sleep to try to wake up early for the gym.. eek. It's been a loong while... but gotta get ready for summer right 
On my way to the hospital...im thinkin stomachaches nd weight loss not so bad now 
can't sleep cos her dumbfuck boyfriend woke her up. 
#haveyouever wished that your sleeping patterns were normal?..i wish i wasn't an insomniac  bleh
ok I'm really back on the eating diet, I ate crap last night and feel like poo  I remember now why I chose this lifestyle
@deejaydave ur going 2 bed and I'm jus waken up 
bah...i hate thee gym!  i wanna crawl back into my warm bed and sleep for hours!
@joshgrigs its cold cause its early. and its raining cause it's jersey.  and mornings suck, like dunkin donuts...
crazy ass nightmare.  being choked + bugs are not a good combo. my sleep schedule is so fucked.
So sleepy!!! Waking up for work  AHHHHH!
got home at 4 am, fucken tired as shit since i only got 3 hours of sleep till the baby woke up 
Out the shower still havnt heard back from my professor hmmmmm worried 
@joshlewis1972  ah true but i phyched myself up for a painful stabbing .. and it crushed my entire mood lool .. !! 
so darn sleepy but i have to finish 2 reports before hitting my bed. regret booking my bike pract for tmr. lack of sleep tmr is for sure. 
at grandma's!! ... just woke up!!! still tired! 
dentist.. ug! errands and shopping for europe.. annd totally dreading the 5 hour rehearsal tmrw for orchestra. my back is going to die 
Is wondering why my uvula woke up so angry and what I did to it to make it want to choke me out?! 
the fresh breeze feels amazinggg. taking a quick cat nap and then studying all night for med chem 
@NeilYamamoto inventory went ok, but i mistakenly drank a monster and couldnt sleep until after 2.  i kinda like sleeping. 
I'm on round 4 with this dang migraine  Taking some meds and probably falling asleep...
@Cumpad lying in bed  cant sleep. And what is the.  l.o.m.l.  doing??
@Effing_ Looks like some tummy bug  *groan* my hubby has taken them upstairs to give me some relax time...*Hearts hubby* LOL
No power= no sleep= cranky pants 101, ahhhh make it stop it's almost my birthday 
My wish list for today : 1. More sleep , 2. Even more sleep, 3. A 2hr body massage at cozy. I don't think any of them will come true 
I think it is time my roommate and I got our dogs fixed bc I can't take any more nights being up listening to constant whining! No sleep= 
eye twitchin  think I'm gonna sleep so I feel awwfull woe is me !
woke up feeling depressed 
@angelayee hey girlie, if you're talking about go hard or go home on sipping your cocktails...go home, lol. you gotta work in the morning 
results are in ; i have a 105.3 fever  - mom wants to give me pills . fucking annoyedd and im hot and freezing at the same damn time.
damn juss woke up form a nap  no i have to start doin some chemistry ugh all these labs and shit!!!! &gt;:/
blah im back home now  me and mom could have stayed another night &amp; regret not turning back. now off to clean my room and drink some tea.
wow, the kids are very emotional/dramatic for bedtime tonite...a LOT of tears...ugh 
going to bed now, man i'm gonna get only 5 hours of sleep again aren't i? 
im listening to my babygirl snore....its not easy sleeping with her in my room 
No caffine for 1 day and im grumpy also im seriously having tremors...this is so not awesome.   
Feels like I might have another sleepless nite, migraine again 
@ma_tt2 yees i am . but i think ur sleeping  .
tired, exhausted...excited? all at once! BAAHHHH cant sleep right meow. 
I want my fucking earring  sleeping
mmm... fell asleep in mah mans arms but had to get up and come home.  g'night!
just finished packing....i guess we can say i'm a PROCRASTINATOR!! oh well...going 2 bed...no sleep in 24 hours  hav 2 get up @7...
woke up with the most massive hairdoo! proper all over the place jungle afro! its raining  and im cold
oh poo! both of the kids are awake. right when we decide 2 sleep of coarse.  no me gusta.
cant sleep. Those chest pains are back...once again... 
@Lizloz morning, ouch, bad keyboard stilll? 
ok need to go back to the room and try to get some sleep so we can have some fun before parting I miss you already @chinalatina79 poodle 
Just now goin 2 sleep, gotta be back up in like 2 hours for work. . . gotta put my car in the shop 2moro 
epically (sp?) pants night's sleep. achy wrist. pissy rain. painkiller breakfast. so far, wednesday can kiss my ass 
woke up to a big ass fly in my face buzzing so loud, my nose blocked and my eyes stinging something tells me 2day aint gonna be gud 
Now the drugs don't work  (ODing on helpless coffee and useless cigarettes) and neither do I.
I had such a good nights sleep for once, the sunburn isn't painful anymore &amp; looks more brown but I'm still not in the best of moods 
NO more sleep !! I hope a cup of coffe can help me to study until tonight ! 7 chapter still waiting me 
woke up dead 
in way 2 much discomfort... headin 2 da emergancy room!! 
still wide awake cant sleep one bit..hate it 
going to watch tv and probz fall asleep. gotta headache, tired,  (N) night twitter.
needs more than three hours of sleep... not a teenager anymore. 
woke up at 5:45 and couldn't go back to sleep, I hate when that happens! 
D: i slept 45 minutes and im suppose to go to school like this?  ugh and then wen i get home i cant nap i have to cleann ): fuck my life.
sleep my long lost love.. where are you  wehh...  5 hours sleep only .. if im lucky.. grrr....
awoke with sore quads and sniffles+headache. looks like no capoeira for me today.  maybe swimming instead? :|
@_chez  full got excited haha okay, i'll only be able to text on my breaks though. i'm gonna sleep now. motherfuckin 12 hour shift tomorro
up again....I really need 2 go 2 da doctors about dis insomnia....I can't remember da last time I had a good night sleep!....ughhhhh 
morning! ughh i had the worst nightmares lastnight 
banshee won't sync my horror podcast (pseudopod), annoying. tea and toast. tired. need more sleep and must go to gym - not been for ages, 
is tired! livi didnt sleep good lastnight due to - teething 
shouldnt of had a coffee at 9pm...cant sleep 
@mom2avamadison hope breakfast is going good, sorry I wasn't much help last night...stomach again 
ahhhh forgot I have my hair-appointment today. No sleeping for me then 
@jennitals Please wake up out of your comma  I miss you 
a fking migraine surfacing again...  makin me dizzy 
cant sleep because his throat is too sore 
And this morning the maintainence ppl woke me up repeatedly  i wasnt happy about that!!! now im at work..looking 4ward to 4:00!
i don't want to do anything on rainy days except nap.  eff working @ 3 
I need to stop waking up by 11 
damm @loadingreadyrun has a new loadingtime and i cant watch as a sleeping brother is next to me 
im going for a jog to see if its the cure for boredom 
's baby has a &quot;type A&quot; flu   but we got some great cough medicine so I'm hoping for a full night's sleep tonight!!
btw...I don't have the courage to send that to my husband, although I really should. I stay up til 4 am most nights b/c of the snoring 
The god damn cats threw up not once but twice on my bed i just put clean sheets and a clean blanket on last night 
I didn't get the phonecall  what about nokia 97 tho hhhmmmmmm....everyone's asleep in my household except me!
my poor baby has an ear infection - past midnight and im holding a cold flannel to her head. she is only 5 months old 
another fight. woke up with no eyes  and i have an activity later until saturday.
i just spent, like, a full hour creepin' up on a bunny. it turned out to be just a pile of horse poo. 
@babyt7 i took a nap today toooo!! ahahaa. i'm watching the grudge 3..by myself 
@harrimademe i had a dream last night that involved being in a room with hundreds of rats jumping on me  hence why im still up xx
woke up late  but manage not to be late (dance) http://plurk.com/p/11r2v1
okay tweople, i need some sleep. such a long and strange day 
cant sleep too warm  some bring back the snow or somethin
band camp 2morrow..cant sleep..have to wake up early 2morrow 
just got back from the group meeting. now i gotta do math hw!...guess i'm not getting any sleep tonight 
@oreoz HAHAHAAH my phone is getting blown up and i actually wanna sleep  LOLOLOLO oh well' &amp; i dont have the strength to silence it.....
@kpatthethird gr so hungry got one hour of sleep bahah 
I'm afraid sleep, ice cream, his voice, or a happy movie won't make this mood fade. It's going to be a long night 
my baby wont sleep...  http://plurk.com/p/11sd3s
falling asleep to the sound of rain outside my window. oh. and an obnoxious persistent dripping from the ac upstairs. oh. and i miss him. 
@PizaSeven ohh don't I know that feeling! baby wakes up every night at midnight when she's teething 
@Nicnixs what are you guys doing when I'm not around, huh?  went to bed at midnight cause I needed to get up at 7 
How could I forget about this paper? I'm not gonna sleep tonight  *looks at 2 AMP cans* You 2 are my best friends tonight.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.... the shame ....  am knackerd ,been 23 hours of no sleep    ali is merranged .. 
@sarahjaneruby yeah im working sat/sun nights till midnight  really u excited?? i havnt seen the ads yet but i heard it looks awesome!
My kitty woke me up.  And I was sleeping quite soundly.
cant sleep. for whatever reason, trying to fall asleep feels so damned uncomfortable. 
workin night shift is a nice break from the busier shifts but i miss my nighttime loving and sexy man sleepin beside me   boo
woke up at 5am with a spider sitting on her bed, next to her pillow. 
ate a lot bus wasnt able to take a nap. oh well.  http://plurk.com/p/11v2cw
just got home, running on three hours of sleep (6am to 9am)... man, im tired!!! my eyelids are sooo heavvvvyyyy... 
since i was a kid i hate falling asleep and waking up alone in a dark room. and I just did that. errr 
I should have a sign that says: please don't feed the insomniac caffine.  i'm just laying in bed with my eyes closed. @juicyjewelz
@kimberlyly that's nice..... i ate toast bread  im lazy to cook... in the middle of the night...
5am on the way to vegas....got like no sleep 
up so early. cant sleep anymore  and nooo time for naps today!
my mom woke me up by yelling to @jml1015 and i don't have to go to work for another five hours and now i can't get back to sleep 
bedtime. feeling a bit  headache.  not letting it worsen by staying up late so, adieu! sweetest dreams twitpeeps....
yay for waking up really late 
@AJMahmud haha i know it sounds weird!! ugh its 9:24. my dad woke me up for some strange reason. we have all day! im so tired!!!! 
So pissed! Didnt get to sleep till 4 then mom woke me up at 8:50 to get in bed with my niece when she could've jus taken her with her.. 
feh. i wanted to come home &amp; get a few more winks of sleep in, but i don't have time. 
woke up early, couldn't get back to sleep 
feeling like a night owl.... huh!!! really need to get some sleep... 
woke up lookin and feelin like i should be in that depression commercial  but if all goes well today i'll be jumping for joy about 5pm...
havent had good sleep in a week...i want my fluffy pillow 
I just wanted a breakfast taco. Now imma be late for woke.  why aren't all these other a-holes working?
@JesseW84 be glad. i went to sleep shortly after i thought &quot;oh, shit! the sun's coming up!&quot; (~5:30) and then was woke up at 8  
@cbgb0426 stomach flu  def getting better but still weak as hell. I keep getting dizzy. Trying to eat &amp; drink as much as I can
Even with good sleeps I still feel like a big sack 
just woke up..feel like a slacker although i've gotten no sleep this week lol   major storm goin' on here..me scared 
woke up 
fed up with idiot neighbours constant door slamming waking the baby 
@riversideboy lol i am veryyyy excited my eyes r soo tired lol red and sore eyes booo  good sleep will sort tht out hows ur day been?? xxx
nobody believes that I'm scared of clowns and the dark...  even my biff is laughing at me. gahhh I had 2 hours of sleep because of that
Groggy as hell. I ONLY got ten and a half hours of sleep! 
doing essay  weirdly my cat has just fallen asleep standing up ! how strange ! ha
oh my...i am tired...*yawn* last night's lack of sleep has caught up to me 
@cbcim awwww dang! I missed my morning cuddle  lol
@birdfinger2ya  i should have txt msgd u. get your sleep man, i know it's been a crazy week. you're going to carabana, right?
yeah, didn't hear my alarm . . . just woke up . . . crap . . . I missed @Kapowyyy's live show too 
gotta go on a prescription diaper rash cream run this afternoon   poor kiddo.
teeth r hurting... I'm in pain  &amp; tryna make my niece go 2 sleep so I can take a nap
gosh i have horrible toothache. it feels like my jaw will explode, but i don't want to go to dentist cuz graduation is tomorrow 
i dont need am alarm clock, just a scream from the little kid in our neighborhood, wakes me! 
haha jus bin told wah to revise finnally .. a bit late now thou aint it  !! spose ill do some i dont reli sleep much neways !! be bakk x
i'm home! going to take a nap..i'm exhausted...anyone want to hang out later? aww man..nvm! i can't takr a nap. jovani woke up 
just woke up from a two hour nap, feeling kinda crapy.   oh, also, i have pain. lmao. x(
chillin at the house sad that my boo is leaving me in less than 24 hrs 
gotta go check/console/convince 2 yo to stay in bed and that he actually WANTS to go to sleep... 20 min nap in car= past his sleep... 
mane just woke up from a longer than expected nap. should stayed asleep if u ask me. now i might not be able to fall asleep tonight 
Its freakin hott! The heat woke me up 
throats hurting  bedtime..
sick and my ears are popping and i can't breathe and i just wanna sleep but i have a final in the morning 
My eye's hurting  4am and cant sleep cos of it. im getting really annoyed with this now.
conan being on at 10:30 realllllly messes up my nighttime viewing habits. 
going to bed popping tylenol for my fever, then 2 gravol, hot bath and bed. night yall, maybe i feel better tomorrow 
Jst a woke up,,umm..missing some1 
still have a headache that started hours ago  grrr...i think i'll just get some zzzzz's
doesn't feel all that awesome.  my jaws still hurt, sleep; please?
Its waaayyyy pass my bedtime...just gettin home...goodnight..back to business in the morn 
cant sleep at all right now   fell asleep at like 1030 &amp; woke up wide awake just now.
k so i think the people upstairs has peg legs and elephant feet. annoying. cant sleep. 
@MeganCamp omg noooo  i'll buy you a monster or coffee or something and you can take a nap in my tent 
ugh !! cnt sleep.. hopin i fall asleep soon 
just got done studying and its almost 1 in the morning! I have a really bad earache..oh that's because I am still sick! lol make's since 
going to try and get some sleep, I still feel like shit 
Another busy day @ college  need more sleep i ahve an extra 45 mins as it is lolz  i want me bed!!! xxx
Too cold and sore to fall asleep  wishin it was like 2 weeks ago, cuddled up with @BBexs in her heaven bed.
Ever since i worked that freaking midnight my sleeping schedule has been so off.  #fb.
okay dad, please to wake up now... I'm sleepy too, and I don't like the short couch or sleeping with only one blanket and no pillow. 
my f-ing everything hurts...didnt sleep all night 
cant sleep. tossing and turning without him by my side 
missing the sound of tricycles plus the noisy dogs at night before i go to sleep .. aaahhh 
@dribb same here - i was so looking forward to a lie in then my sister woke me up at like half seven!  xxxx
this thunderstorm is scaring me  goin 2 attempt sleep nitey nite.
wow this is just whack woke up at 4:15 to go potty n couldnt go back to sleep 
had my alarm set for 10.30 but stupid house fone rang at before half nine and woke me and couldnt get back to sleep 
nearly done in ldn  its been amazing.  but home later to my peeps and tomorrow its the festival yip yip
I am nervous...abt a workout!! I srsly need to get a grip!!! breath breath I wish someone was w/ me  I always have to be brave.....
@pia_sadler i am killing myslef at home haha, soo bored but i cant go out cause i have to go sleep early 
*screams* Morning thank god for waking mi up  2 see another beautiful day bout to call mi mumma miss her 
 poor boyfriend suddenly came out in a coughing fit/blocked nose/rash last night, all over. got hardly any sleep. any ideas why??
crying 4 day old baby next door / thin walled terraced house / awake since 5am / barely keepin the sleepdrool of my monitor.zzz..uh...zzz 
woken up at 6:15 by a huge crack of thunder!  i wanna sleep.
@IamMaxatHotSpot yesss lol, and i'm anxiously awaiting aaron carters call! lol ;) yeah just tweeting away.. no sleep=no nightmares 
sleepy! my ankle hurts and the thunder woke me up! work time 
gettin pissed off...i rly cant sleep.its just not fair    i did doze off for about an hour.had a rly bad dream tho! This sucks rlyy bad!!!
Wow I woke up rested!! I needed that ten hours of sleep!!! I miss my roommate tho... don't be gone all weekend roomie... 
woke up at 7:30 and couldn't fall back asleep so im watching tv til i have to get ready to go to work 
... Extemely tired... got absolutely no good rest last night.  I need a friggin sleep number bed!
yo this morning was kinda crazy.. things seemed to calm down now. feel like i've been up all night.. wait i was :-\ ugh now back to work 
It's 2 early in the morn 4 any1 2 fcuk w/ me...feeling extra cranky, still got a lot on the brain and not much hours of sleep 
@iDavidCharles I think the thunder shook my house a lil bit. I couldn't get any good sleep after that 
headache  @KristennEricaa woke me up with her cackle of a laugh
Even ODing on antihistamines + washing my face a lot will not stop this allergy attack  haven't had it this bad in years.
isn't so happy about the being awake end of things this morning   #fb
@galvogalvo really really tough morning  @lpbarrows nooo idea what you mean!? ;) @lergik indelibly burned into my brain ;)
woke up this morning to a migraine.  where is that magic mambo horse pill the dr gave me?!?
didnt get enough sleep las night so i refused to go doctors at 9 in the mornin. cudnt get up !  sowwiiiee mum..
woke up all early cause my tummy is so hungry  watched dirty love last night.. SO funny.
@soooji just woke up and read about it. damn. i saw my first concert in athens there 
just put thha baby ta sleep &amp; is going thru sum emotional problems please help me!! 
this day stinks, first it is raining out blah! and now my pic is a lil x  I'm gonna go take a cat nap
left with a huge hangover. and my daughter woke me up at 8 
cant sleep  agh.
@DaveGoins my stomach hurts and i'm really weak...i think i had a fever at 4 am. then i felt better, took a nap, and now i feel bad again 
@helen_bop lack of good sleep? I have the same problem 
can't sleep - keeping waking up going 'ouch' when I  move onto my bruises 
woke up w/ a fever... i feel bad 
i HATE when peopel wake me up from my naps  .. watching the mets game .
@leeteuk i know right! We havent ever been this busy  i want a massage tooooo 
alone  mall was ok.giving creepy old guys a ride home with courtney was fun xD waiting for cindy to get here.bush gardens in the morning(:
@arz_bayani haha! I'm a sleep addict pero 4 some reason lately I can't sleep b4 4am. It's annoying e 
everythings finally back to normal and now i need some freakin sleep....after class 
@subclubloyal aahah aye. sitting watching some brainiac man. cannny sleep and have work in 6 hours! 
omg i think  someone beat me up last night in my sleep 
About to go to bed...sweating my butt off  dad leaves in the morning...see you sunday dad &lt;3
hey twiit, i jst woke up at 10 o'clock and i got headache 
ahhh  so sad! sall good.. we just got here and the boys bout to smoke.. i dont think i am.. still workin on 3 hrs of sleep.. no frick ...
hi, its 12:30 at night (midnight kinda) everyone in my house is asleep!  well excsepted me of course well im finishing watching chelsea la
@linkkhi ok, you're still jet lagged. go get some sleep dude! and for the record, i was also supporting the windies 
Iguess I shouldn't be starting fights at midnight 
can't sleep. maybe i should take something. sigh sigh sigh. noah tomorrow, but only for a few hours 
I think im gettin a headache from lack of sleep and liqor... 2 hours and 35 mins 
Morning been awake for last hour trying to figure out ways to stay on bed till @10 have an uncanny feeling it ain't gonna happen 
@edeanijames lovely! Although woke up with a stiffneck again  my pillow probably want to retire....
its like 7 in the morning &amp; im sat half asleep waiting on my take that tickets coming  i wana go back to bedddd
buisness calls irk me... rappers get on my nerves.... NoraKnowsBest went 2 sleep  oh well.. lol
buisness calls irk me... rappers get on my nerves.... @NoraKnowsBest went 2 sleep  oh well.. lol
good morning everyone. what a night. cant sleep much-again  but i gotta feeling uuuuhhh
listening to &quot;just a dream&quot; by carrie underwood on my ipod. Trying to fall asleep, night 
i'm really fucking hoping i don't have pneumonia, i feel like shit!  bedtime w/the boy. getting up in a few hours to clean the apartment.
good mornig all together.. i'm not fit 
Tryingg to fken sleep  my toe is killing meeee :'( I think I wasn't suppose to drive, wear heels , nor go out, or drink, fkkk
mehreen fell asleep  hahah, wake up at 9am tmrw, goodnight .
@DjUniq hahaha i came home because its past my bedtime!! haha i had a good buzz but everyone else wanted to go home 
another sleepless night ugh dont know what is wrong with me bud my body is not listening 2 my brain (tears) i jus want to go 2 bed!!! 
prom was ok. totally drunk, woke up in friends house with cut knee, dress covered in champagne and one earring....v hungover 
i am so sick of this waking up early deal 
so tired and i think i have a cold  maybe i should catch up on my sleep. hmmmmm what to do.
Up waaay too early. T-storm knocked out the power at my parents' house, and 4yo kept us up, afraid of the dark.  2yo slept through it all!
woke up very very sad 
awake, shouldnt be, feel poopy 
there was a catfight outside my window last night at 4:30. i wonder if the kitties are ok 
slept well last two nights, baby only woke for 1-2 feeds in the middle of night tho I still woke a few times anticipating bb's waking 
ughhh just woke up...still feel like shit...firt time I can get real sleep and I'm up early 
woke up with a sore/slightly swollen throat. 
woke up to my brother trying to make the dog howl, worst than yesterday 
uggh just woke up wit a sore throght hate it  cuzin might come over sryz taly for not goin to six flagz
woke up early for yard sales... yeah, its raining 
woke up 2 hours ago and since then i have been trying to go back to sleep....ya i kinda gave that up 
yea so two hours of sleep and working at the gym with wayy to much going... i feel like throwing up...fml 
woke to a hungover feeeling, followed by a broken shower, a possible toll pass charge and being late 
@mcflyharry oh no.  sure it'll be better soon! i had some major leg cramp last night and it still hurts over 12 hours later.. hmm
just landed in atlanta. what to do for the next 3 1/2 hours.... hmmmm. mom forgot to give me palookaville to watch. 
woke up 2 hours ago. whoa whoa that guy yesterday was soo cute. now it's to late 
@Daqueenzkidd well my daughter woke up @ 730 askin for milky I said give me a few she woke up again n asked @930 so 930!! 
woke went to the bathroom this morning, mothafudgerrrrr!!!!! tht menstrual shit!!!  this suuuuccckksss!!!
Late again...  my sleep stunk. I'm not inn trouble again.... Or not yet at least
woke up tooo earlyy  again
oh man 4 more sleeps in this bed..ever!. sad times, i dont waNT to move!i like my room,i like my house,i like most of the ppl i live with 
mommy woke me up early  going to seaworld.
woke up feeling so sick 
being this hungover suckssss  !
couldnt sleep at all last night. i hate this. i want to know what is happening. this sucks, so bad.  
fuckin medicine.   giving me nightmares every damn night.   now i dont even want school to start..  ever.
was on a dangerous mission in a dream.  bit my lip in my sleep.  it's all puffy.  ouch.  happy saturday all of y'alls
i could so fall back asleep right now. just realized that 6 out of the next 7 mornings... i'm working. ew. 
Me 2 damn I jus woke up frm a nap 
hearing atl lol they are the shizznet and im trying hard not to fall asleep haha didnt sleep at all last night 
really reallllly would rather jus chill on my couch..all my windows open an relax...but i gotta clean  errr lol...i needa maid lol
she left me.  aha. if i want her, shes downstairs. :']
ukcny lockin was maddddd fun. omg just woke up from the illest nap ever. cleaning the house up for my parents party. 
@mjh81 meh cause I aren;'t feeling to great 
ugh no more late night soda for me! i had the worst sleep ever and my tummy's been hurtin since i woke up 
woke up wit a hangover had 2 be @ work was made late but I didn't 4get 2 say a prayer in da mornin even tho I 4got 2 say my mornin prayer 
camped outside last night. forests are fucking creepy at 4am. ugh im so tired, no sleep 
ok time for my morning breakfast... shit i gotta wash dishes first 
I'm kinda in pain cuz my friend kept elbowing me in the stomach last night 
okkkay so thiz bitch in bed is fallin asleep, i want my kitty  i dno how tomoro nights gna go bt camping was ace! off to paint my nails..
@a_simple_girl super. (sarcasm). I'm annoyed, tired from 3 hrs of sleep, working and my throat hurts.  but how are you sweetie?
tired from a super long day..just woke up from a nap haha but still exhausted! 
is really devestated...why? wish all the clocks would freeze...riiiight NOW! 
ughhh gotta sleep alone 2night the wifey's outta town.. 
@godfoca sorry... Just woke up from a 5 hr nap, still very tired!!! 
ew have to goto sleep naw work at 5 am   blh
Where did everyone go? I took a nap and woke up coughing to an empty house 
Watching reality bites alone on a sat nite  so fitting
the left hip is hurting alot from sleeping on it an my pillows came out from between my legs during sleep, i hope nothing bad happened 
@pretti_nony just woke up 
about 40 hours without sleep. alone. sad. yada yada. and i cant sleep because i had a redbull at  work to stay up.  no more tears. trying.
ended the evening early-ish ... need sleep   so excited to see that the rain is back in nyc ... ugh!
is superr tired.  woke up early, did the laundry, attended to 7 pesky kids. yea. i'm tired.  http://plurk.com/p/12kds0
530am here in spain and my ass is awake....  I miss my boys, real talk.  I'm lonely here....
Now I remember why I don't babysit ... It keeps me up wayyy past my bedtime 
I'm only gonna get 6 hours of sleep tonight 
@nina1986_2004  well stay safe and warm!
Finally finished homework... 1/2 hr late...hope I don't get in trouble  sleepy time - nite nite! @AutumnAnn @MeganSnipes u girls have fun!
g0nna sleep n0w  damn i thought i'd be able to stay awake later than this.. i've always been a late sleeper, im just restless i guess.
cant sleep. blaring inseparable, just friends, hello beautiful and hold on continuesly, how things have changed, @jessicachambers 
hates feeling like this, it used to be so easy, now it feels impossible.  ahhh going to try and get some sleep tonight. Nightt twitter!
laying down on my bed wide awake can't sleep in to much pain from getting hit on friday it sucks so bad 
Has just woke up  n still very tired
man , its 4 in the morning and im still cant sleep  blah. getting my hair cut today!
Has insomnia and is going crazy.  The meds the doc.prescribed  gave me an allergic reaction so it will be another sleepless night 
@JuicyStory that was my second guess. literally. it fits to what the feelings are. scared me bad. and i still am worried bout sleeping. 
woke up a while ago even if i wanted to sleep til 12 or 13  in sl with miwa and tad.
Getting up for work at the buttcrack of dawn sucks, almost as much as falling asleep at 6pm... I'm such an old lady 
There is no sleeping in when you hear the sound of a kitty puking. 
Some bird made this annoying echoing noise outside my window and woke me up now. Ughhhhh 
cant sleep  made two new blogs tho
im sooo sleepy.. went to sleep at sunrise and woke up at 11 
missing my vampire fix already now I have finished breaking dawn ... 
woke up early to sew. forgot that everyone everywhere is staying in our apartment. my whole sewing area is covered in dudes sleeping. 
hungover again!!!! 
my legs are killing me now, tv is in another room I can't keep running back here for tweeting  bye from here folks.. will just watch now
@laabeebaaa lol im in bed. i have guests downstairs.. my knee is killing me  damn knee i tell u ... u wtchin the match?
fell asleep really late, woke up really early  not good
@loud_whispers I DO  11 hours kaman!!! shayfeh el 7ayah?
@brandywandlover I tried to have a nap earlier but everyone started mowing the lawns and it was too noisy  yay I'll cook some for youu!xx
was sunny... fell asleep outside and am paying for it with burnt shoulders  its all cloudy and dark now tho..thats scotland for ya
in fucking painn ! can feel another night dripped up in hospital coming up  dnt even have the appendix anymore and there stil causing pain
having a zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz kinda day, no energy just wanna sleep for some reason 
Screaming into my pillow,so freaking tired but my brain wont turn off 
oh i haven't taken a sleep yet  and my class starts @ 9 
trying to stay awake, then watching jon and kate plus 8, hopefully they don't get a divorce, it will be sad 
morning!! oo..my back hurts now..pray for my daddy plz,he has dengue fever.. 
woke up from my nap. mad tired, but can't go back to sleep 
yawn... its only 10am and i am feeling the sleepy spell still 
I missed out gambling with the boys.  thats what i got for being lazy on sat night. lame
I'm so tired, i'm having trouble keeping my eyes open and my thoughts clear.  30hrs  no sleep  is driving of crazy 
transformers.midnight.tomorrow. dangg boys come home.  missin the humid, sleep deprived nights.
woke in a blaze of horror, thought it was hella late,yes i used hella, but it wasnt. having some coffee and do work before i go to work 
oh no..  need sleep..  studying is harder than i thought.. damn it.. 
waking up to the sound of a bird dying in the garage sad  got stuck on sunday and we leave the door and vent open but apparently its stuck
@barevinyl sounds like an awesome morning then!  I had to cut my workout a little short  cuz I was running late
@dirty69_4ever my wife and I need 2 get to bed earlier in the eve so she'll be more open to that kind of thing. We NEED our 5hrs of sleep 
Groggy from a long long afternoon nap 
listening to the rain and feeling sad.  cause I'm a cry baby and I hate being the only one awake left with my thoughts
My alarm clock was my growling stomache this morning 
woke up sick  but i got to see cirque du soleil's love last night and it was amazing! shower time, hopefully i get better quick!
is dreading goin to bed, cos knows ill be up all night itching my feet! i hate fookin eczema man!!! 
@morphiine omg missing U tonight...no insomnia n no delicious food talk  where r u twin sis??
Not long back from #twitfit had shower n now taking it easy but feel reali dizzy n lite headed 
woke up at 4:30 to go to norms because my mom wanted to see the sunrise and we didnt see it cause it was overcast 
getting ready 2 clock out for lunch. think i'm just gonna sleep!! still feeling sick 
Uft, killer head ache man  I need to go sleep... Just hope I have time for bath in the morning :O
@erithbabalon write me let me know...has the kraken awoken agian 
@bloobleebloo ohnoes  try getting loads of sleep ok? and drown your tummy with liquids pleaseee
Just woke up, alwys try to wake up earlier but it's hard  last night I set the alarm rang every 5 min  for ths morning, but it didn't work
I'm baaaack from my nap sleep longer than I thought anyways I really reaaallly reeeaaaallly miss fl like crazy you have no idea... 
cant sleep i am so tired but i just cant fall asleep i dont know what to do ok that was a lie i need a break and don't say count sheep 
ryder tossing and turning and coughing nonstop - doesn't sound like anyone is going to get sleep tonight!  
@vknowlton  ohhh... well if there is coffee!!  I wish I could but I think I'll be knee deep in unpacking   I will be expecting updates tho
so ustream is actin silly  i'm gonna call it a nite! sleep tight twisters and twrothers!
My couch smells liek smelly workout ppl  ewewie
so sick n sleepy...they're battling and gee is the loser  nite tweets hopefully i'll get rest.
UHHHHH...I took a long nap earlier and now im super hide awake and cnt go 2 sleep...This sux. 
has just woke up at ridiculous o'clock and cant get back to sleep 
@pekkeronipie I'm one of those roommates who sleep on that couch w/ da red blankey.  Haha jk.
So there's a HUGE gigantor looking centipede thing on my ceiling and I'm to scared to squish it ... So much for sleep tonight 
feels so sleepy after woke up at 8 this morning, n after tht fb al the way,,;(  http://plurk.com/p/13rrkt
my is horny so am i but we both hurt  cant stay awake good night
Its too bloody early to be up esp when I am on holidays, so tired cant sleep with this sunburn 
is super duper tired from seeing transformers at midnight and cuz whiskey wouldn't let her sleep 
@ravenflores aww tifs going to bed  I'm so bored nw. The kids r styll awake too  wish they'd go to bed
woke up, now can't fall back asleep..I hate when this happens 
im 17 with arthritis so bad in both knees that i woke me up out my sleep, thanks alot cheerleading you ruined my life! in so much pain  .
im 17 with arthritis so bad in both knees that i woke up out my sleep, thanks alot cheerleading you ruined my life! in so much pain  .
@CarterRonson @Jaedakid ,, ill prob. be the 1st one sleep  lol siiiiiiike!!!
I feel like I slept in a gutter! feel sooo rough this morning 
I've taken up jogging in the afternoons, i ran for 20mins yesterday and i was in soo much pain afterwards! im so unfit! 
Feeling totally blah today, even tho sun shining, i wanna go curl up in corner and sob 
@supercopygurl lol heavy night I wish - no, woke up with full on flu  super-grumpy but getting meds today so I can kill it quick!
@Brunty I feel like shit  just woke up, slept for too long~
woke up far too early, after my rubbish sleep last night 
its the middle of the morning &amp; my nose is kinda runnin.yupp..sick 
got home by midnight last night... currently 6:12am... why am i awake??... cause insomnia is a bitch...  ...meh... oyasuminasai #fb
rebecca just woke me up!  but i guess it is 11.30 just so she could tell me she's picking monkey nuts up from nursery...
Fucking tv and alarm woke me up. 
woke up at 4am with a stomach bug. havent slept since then 
Why do smoke alarms start the low battery warning beeping always early in the morning?  #fb
You just gotta love the wonderful sound of an alarm clock.  blah.goodnight.
my throat feels like someone was scraping the inside of it with a fork all night long....ugh. i dont wanna be sick! too much to do 
freaking coughs and colds.. no classes for me tomorrow. dang! schoolworks are demaaaaaaanding. 
Blarg why can't I seem to get enough sleep this week. I'm going to bed on time  oh well two more sleeps until sleep in bliss.
so tired couldnt sleep good last night 
My bum is numb.  been sitting in one position for almost 2 hours &amp; I have 4 or 5 more to go, roar! Haha
I feel ya lol just woke up out of a nightmare 
@annetteleonhard I managed to fall asleep ok, but after my 7am trip outside with the dog I just could not fall asleep again!! 
sigh  gonna sleep late..too pre-occupied with the requisites and home works 
uh! did deli really get up 6 times last night!?....... filling the pool....wishing ryan would get up and help..... and doing laundry 
i have to use the little girl's room *soo* bad ... but as soon as i leave, my boss will come in &amp; think i've been gone all morning. wah. 
Feeling kinda down today. Even though the sun is out. Maybe lack of sleep.  only 5.5 more hrs to go!
woke up again and about to head off to work until 8. whoopie! 
@r_keith_hill Thans for your response. Ihad already find this answer 
@r_keith_hill Thanks for your response. Ihad already find this answer 
@ty_fed u asked earlier about waking up....guess what...waking up at 3 am is bullshittery too! Past bedtime night guys! 
@brandonjshaw alex has a problem staying awake for any movie... 
@dougiemcfly morning  i'm really upset  my rabbit ran away last night  and the postman woke me up early  reply? ilu x.
I want a nap... ooo I just realised I've got 2 free lines tomorrow morn &amp; no work! Loooong sleep in! 
I swear you can not get anything better than a 100 degree shower and then a good cuppa tea, im in a better mood now 
@mileycyrus my tummy hurts too and im falling asleep but for once it isnt raining in england lol hey by the way haha .. 
needs to stop waking up at about 12 ish missin out on soo much owell   all i need is in my dreams lol
is excited for two more sleeps any she doesn't have to wear the stupid goggles to bed anymore. 
whoa! lil bro just woke up, he is grumpy, but thats just his default mood in the morning. i should go tick him off 
Aagghhhhh good moring...woke up early waiting for a special package in the mail..hmmm wonder what it could be? 
@steelergurl damn....u back up?? lol!! fuck happy hour, all my twitches are here 
get some sleep loves, tomorrow is going to be a glamourlicious day whores.  ha. ha. oh and boys; come visit my dreams. ;) yeah? kisses!
ew 930 am, i hate you. something like 5 hrs of sleep. *yawn* got to talk to the boy thoooo 
@stopthissongx sorry i had to kill the virtual sleep over last night i was wiicked tired...love youuu 
lazy, lazy saturday... &amp; such a nice day.. seriously tryin to convince myself to get to the gym but these blankets are too wonderful 
sooooo tired but cant sleep my brother wont turn the darn light off 
I know i should get some sleep in, i need to wake up early tomorrow. oh well fuck it, i dont care 
woke up at 1 pm .  gox . this is the life of a bummer . 
village squire pizza = the best... now i should find time to climb into bed and get some sleep 
is tired. still feelin bad. cant sleep til the teenager gets home.  tk  
morning all whoop f1  safety car start tho hmmm oh well stupid alarm i'm awake lol x x
@dawn_16 hey there - so what did u get finished? I'm so thankful we start at 9:30 tom what a relief 
sleep comes for us all. goodnight twitter-land! had a blast at the house party at the Gloveshack tonight 
woke up to the sunshine through my windows... awww leaving for liverpool later.. wish me luck 
@markbrown83 yea had an awesome sleep chick   glad your feeling better. 12 sleeps!  x x
@glitteranddoom mneugh, I forgot to take a sleeping bag so I was kind of cold, but the rest of it was funtimess 
@juliealexandra was i really?!?! ahahahahah im sorry...well your sleeping now in the other room so i think your fine now 
had a lovely prom last night. jess has cooked us all breakfast  goin on 4 hours of sleep.
in desperate need of a disco nap and my head is longing to be lost in fluffy pillows.....off I go!  sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep xoxo
no sleep last night the boyfriend hates when the TV is on but i can't sleep without it! off to moms-then grandmas-&amp; maybe patty's closet? 
i'm sleepy. off to bed!  gotta run tomorrow morning.  it's actually kinda weird. saying goodnight when ppl just woke up....
yay for waking up late 
watching my dad and mikey sleep in the hospital room 
@akcoder now I am jealous of your sleep  daughter woke me at 6:22 this morning..sigh
bubble bath flowin..  late night soak just needa relax n clear my head... lata gzz
mr t took joey the cat for a walk round wilderness garden last night (on lead). both slept well after 
Just woke up after a well deserve sleep. The ox tails were rockin daddy 
beauty sleep time  goodnight everyone!
and now im awake for school...oh...and happy 420 stoners  hahaha
@gettencreative oooo, i wish i could get up and walk with my son in the mornings  that sounds great!!
*yawn* just woke up for the day, already can't wait until naptime 
first driving lesson monday, yeehaa! beep beep 
2am almost bored. cant sleep. oh gosh i need to take some sleep pills or something this is nuts. salana u still owe me a phone call lol 
woke up, ready for a 5 min walk in the sun to my stable 
@Geurtie thnx will sleep well after long day + swim + jacuzzi. doing some last minute editing...sleep well   inspiring dreams 
just got off tha phone wit my sugar plum an hour ago and i cant fall asleep cause i cant wait to talk to him again 
@missmonkee not more trouble than a 2-year old (+ guests) who wont get any sleep, so it was worth it I guess. some prices must be paid. 
woke up perfectly I'm not tired at all.  *dies*
went to the tanning bed...came back home...woke up this morning and now im burnt ~_~ well at least i wont be called a pale vampire anymor 
@vicjustice its really sick if u cant sleep ... have u count sheets ? 
Morning, sat in kitchen cos 3yo wanted breakfast.....wanting to be back in bed....... 
awake. smiley happy. wearing a dress, but whats new. sunshine coming through my window. i feel happy songs being written today  xxx.
@sh4mett wtf cynnn, you no smoke no more bcuz u bad trip. u cant do it again without me. wait till tmr you dee beee!! go sleep now! 
woke up at 10  going shopping nowwww! xo
just on way back to london. bye newcastle see you again soon . 3 hours on train sun shining   might have a small sleep.
gettin my god daughter today for an over night sleep over  we are gunna go shopping
wow starting to feel dizzy fom lack of sleep common @One_StepCloser go to sleep now. night twittees 
mommie and sissie are coming down tonite  hopefully it's a calm nite!
juss woke up not 2 long ago had a good night  about 2 start cleanin up ma room
has had too many beers...but sooo worth it...this weekend has been a drunken hungover mess...ohhh summertimeee 
Tired, upset, and crabby what a night! I need some sleep goodnight 
~everytime I pray &amp; meditate the wind blows  ....
@creativefocus im glad your safe! sleep well! 
@TheAngelsAnna hopefully you can get some sleep tonight and that will help make ur head ache go away 
good night twitterworld. sleep well, dream sweet, &amp; wake up blessed. 
wicked night last night  half an hour sleep, oh deary me.
morning! pb's alseep(ish) &amp; I don't want to turn the tv on and wake him. aren't I nice? aslong as he wakes before my 10%iPodbattery dies 
conked off to sleep n jus woke up... slept waaay too much today..!! feels real gud..! 
@kimmyg123 nah we should get fries/maccas and watch the twilight extras in my room 
@shari my flight's at midnight, for now I'm ironing, packing and defrosting my fridge 
Oops only meant to rest weiry head for 5mins bn sleep 
@briannagan its a lil late but rock some m83 or bon iver for bedtime chill zone tunes  p.s. rad show last night!!
im gonna have an early. dead tired. need to get some much needed sleep. night! 
good morning everyone; had a nice sleep after that tko in the 2nd round 
No sleep 26 hours. Two huge lawns to mow. And homework. Lots. But that chick was a cool kid  hit me up tonight if i make it past six...
woke up sick and running to the toilet now thats done i feel better and lighter new poop your brains out weight loss program 
@Awesomenezz yeah, I'm a old fart so I need more sleep then you youngin's  
I... need to stop freaking out and try to get some sleep. 
1 lovely one before waking up 
my 3yo just woke and groggily walked over to my office.  Is now sleeping in my lap 
well...gotta grab at least an hour and a half sleep before the girl's get up for school...gawd the life of multi-taskin'  night/mornin'
can't sleep throat dry as hell.. ugh ! still gon' wake up fabulous ! 
So why did my internal alarm clock wake me @ 630am?? I have another hour before my external alarm goes off! I'm wide awake tho?? 
awake.  school. ew. but i put on some nice lotion. 
good morning twiggas and twitches  http://bbltwt.com/sciif getcha motivation on
aaahhh...just woke up! feels good to sleep in on a monday!!! 
@nikkeexox think you should catch up on your sleep befor you go back to uni haha  goodnight&lt;3
omg! goooood ass nappy nap  jusss woke up bout 2 clean up a lil then get ready
@fynflood In the end the magic of 'And so to dream' wins, along with swaying back and forth within site of a sleeping mommy. 
goodnight twitter, ill see you after 10 + hours of sleep or more 
@saraeatscake made me want taco bell, damn you sara! oh well now i'm going to go change into my jammies now. 
@TickleMeJoey goodnight baby loll jk night 
*yawn* i think imma go to bed. night guys 
Waiting for the bus back from cripple creek to pick up the twizzler town seems kinda quiet tonite    *rolynn719*
@scottiejen knackered! been awake since 5 as couldn't sleep! just started work now. coffee and toast sounds awesome  chris has been busy!
Still feeling tired, tink will go take a nap again n wake up durin dinner time.  
oh and did i mention mamma woke me up earrrrly in the morning just to tell me the @Jonasbrothers were on the telly? hehe, she's so cute. 
My hands havent burned off yet from that chemical stuff,5:21am and i still havent slept or cleaned, and i still feel like throwing up 
aha! managed to dislodge one cat, and shuffle the doona, so i actually have sleeping space. goodnight twitter-world! 
Last night, i was really tired, but i attempted to read my book anyways... I fell asleep... But i dont remember falling asleep. Lol. 
I don't wanna get outta bed this morning. Its nice sleeping more than six inches off the floor 
happy mothers day!  oh and paulson/ the sleeping tonight!  last night wass crazy 
alright...im really going to bed this time. night everyone!!! sleep peacefully! 
going to bed. need sleep , and to dream rockin dreams! night neverland 
whoops. fell asleep with the window open and woke up to it raining on my face. AND a wet pillow. but i love the rain.   night ya'll!
woke up  haha
@herro_mama u know me I like 2 make things difficult, suffer a little... Or a lot   why are u still up? You had a hard nite u need sleep!
- GOODNIGHT everyone  I pray you all have a blessing morning. I'm gonna do 1 more load of laundry, straighten the kitchen, then lay down.
Has stayed home today, no sleep all night thinking. I've changed naw  hope its enough (yn) love you tammy xx
@JoannaButler If yes, was it the key buffer alarm on your keyboard that woke you up agagin beebbeebbeebbeebbeebbeeb 
goodnight im sleepy. i had a good day  nighty hught twitterians  sweet dreams !
I'm fell free!!! it's amazin sensation... commom.... let's fly with me.... ok, I'm workin now, but we have all night to do it 
@luvsels ..  we'll probably both remember now..good by sluggish morns with no wake -up coffee..lol
waking up to tea after 5 hours of sleep..ohh yes! 
Is excited to go to bed, sleep in, and watch snl in the morning 
@pamjob oh and if you do sleep as little as you said you are going to so appreciate spanish mornings and breakfast in the terrace 
body wants to sleep but i want to be awake thank god for red bull 
woken up by wee mo meowing in my face, getting breakfast muffins and the holiday shopping! 
shower, study sleep. thats my day today  well that and a wee boost from my caffeine loaded friend
@LiliCosic i've been up and doing bits (inc blogging)  ... sleeping is for losers as you already know 
Goooood morning! hahahaha  Just woke up!  I have such an ache in my throat...!  hahahah, well hope it gets better..! Whatsup!? 
woke up and looked in the mirror, and got a major fright cos i forgot i got my haircut. 
morning twitterland! just finished watchin 'night @ the museum&quot; in my bed with a great pain au chocolat  loved to hear mcfly at the end!!
@repeattofade85 I love it  it's just a cute wee game  eventhe wee noises the planes make lol
Morning pplz...ahhh.. toony woke me up early (as usual)...anybody goin 2 church 2day...pray 4 me 
@KirstenJ77 haha ride my pony... HAHAH  dunno why that makes me laugh so much this morning - lack of sleep maybe?
finally home! some creeper encounters there. im scared to go back. home / shower / bed / sleep 
woke up earliier den usual(thxnks ciindy]...eatiin pancakes...bout 2 get iinto dha cleaniin siituatiion l8r...bout 2 hiit youtube 
best sleep ive had in a long timr. @SilencingSinnie everyone has fun on sundays. 
@failedmuso entirely naturally ! A post prandial snooze  &amp; yes all went well ta. What you up to this pm ?
goodnight everybody, sleep tight and have a nice dream 
is still writing some note for the next article ... good nite everyone ... sleep well 
woke up. bored. smelly. 
I am not fuctioning this morning. Thanks to my work wife @niki_cole for my venti dirty chai with an extra shot. She loves me 
gotta get some sleep! good night indonesia!! 
@christammiller thank you!  it was taken thursday, so pretty recent.    a little too damn happy, but that comes with dementia.
finally!! my eyes blinking!! can't deny nor reject the alcohol effect! goodbye for a bit, nocturnal lifestyle! goodnight tweeter peepz!! 
woke up from a good nap and from a good wakeup call  . now back to studying with a strawberry banana shake made from my brother.
sleep time! school tommorrow, ew. goodnight to you all 
loves earthquakes, loves warm breezy nights &amp; falling asleep the candles in her room everywhere, just need smelly good incense 
@craig_steele i need my sleep, or else i'm a very angry little person  + sleep is the best part of the day.
nite nite twitterworld !!! see you in the mornin   hopes everyone sleeps like a baby !!
mmm... nurse gave me drugs for the bad tooth... mmm.... looking forward to peaceful sleep tonight. And I'm off tomorrow! 
Alarm didn't go off this morn,luckily dog woke me up-he's the cleverest dog in the world!! 
gnite everyone  thanks for staying awake with me thru my insomnia..now it has come to an end..a blunt..and 2 mojitos later  sweet dreams
woke up this morning with the sun on my face, thought how glad I am to be me, currently in a tres bon mood 
I just kinda died and woke up again. 
next stop mtn view then straight to the heezy to get some sleep 
@RiRiFenty lolllllll come to london pahhahah!! NOT!! the weather here is terrible!! u cant sleep? pahha get drunk  xoxo
@TimothyH2O haha i cannt remember how many text updates i got fromm youu! sleep well, text me later!   
@TStewie LOL. I got some good sleep lastnight! Much needed &amp; i'm goin to the beach this weekend, so thats prbly why too 
woke up early this mornin'. getting some starbucks before schoooool. 
How y'all doing?  just woke up..
somehow i went to bed at two and woke up without my alarm at 6:45. oh and i'm really not that tired. but my legs hurt like hell. 
mmm cant sleep :/ watching two &amp; a half men 
@iwantyourjeep what's the prob? getting sleepy - should take some rest and chill in dreams 
@KimKardashian I love it when they look so cute sleeping. It's too cute. 
woke up early for once  www.fmylife.com - checkk it.
woow.. i feel great, wake up at ur own will, at home relaxing. had delicious breakfast n a refreshing tea. 
morning everyone hope u all had a nice sleep 
hmmm...fuck this...i going back to bed-i cannot deal with daylight just yet  xx
@spikedcandy Yes! the kitten is awake again! 
@FreshPlastic  I slept yesterday papi.. and i have insomnia..  yes sir nearly 2 am  *bats her eyes*
@souljaboytellem wake and bake?! HAHA! that shit sends me into another nap...i don't understand you weedheads. wake &amp; drink! 
@markdan_03 babay  catch u laters!
I hate my sleeping pattern. LOL I wish I had an edward b/c he never sleeps! I'd always have company 
Just woke up  12 hours off sleep. ,tonight fuck the beat up north
abby is the best thing 2 b waken up by in the morning 
insomnia may have made me miserable all night, but now watching &quot;radio free roscoe&quot; nothing better for the oyfr dj without sleep 
fuck the homework! i'm gonna sit outside &amp; relax! the sun is shining so bright! 
@JelleDeVroe SWORE!: fuck the homework! i'm gonna sit outside &amp; relax! the sun is shining so bright! 
fresh out of the shower.  mmm squeaky clean. I'll be sleeping soon. wonder what vivid dreams I'll have tonight. imma start working on.. ..
311 just woke me up with wake ur mind up ... 
woke up. headbanger's hangover. waiting for heidi to awake. my face is still recovering from being melted off. 
good sleep. good mood. still got a nasty cough though; that's not gonna stop me 
woke up with a headache! lol &amp; thats cos last night was the epitome of wild!!  geneva is giving me even more reasons to cry when i leave!!
is watching my 4yr old wander around the front room in a daze as he's just woken from his nap... sooo cute 
Watching night at the museum with rob, mike, and mike's friend. I'm kinda hungry and missing chris and ken 
@DJockVan oh noes!! Haha yeah all the drinking here got me this week too  heh. Get some sleep you party animal you!!
finally getting some sleep - i hope  it's kinda hot in here though..
I'm gonna take a hot bath and read until its wayyyy past my bedtime!! 
i have that same sleeping problem @mileycyrus hopefully you and i both catch some zzzz's tonight! 
@passionsista aha, catch you here 
@mellissa lolol dumped in the lcct thrash can! @zique saw doctor already 
xoxo to all my angels 4 your celestial signals  I have a new battery in the car now...can get errands done 2morrow..~*~time 4 bed zzzzzz
waaah! I didn't get a good nice sleep last night! ..so sleepy now! haha 
i am still so tired how can one person sleep so much yet still be so tired? god its annoying lol 
this idiot deserve some sleep 
so exhausted, think i'm gonna sleep. g'nite, twitter-heads 
oooh, missed a few replies last night, on account of falling asleep, will try and catch up now 
waking up o_____x i just wanna sleep! it was not so good idea drink with the girls yesterday  but it was fun  thanks!
