Most common words for this cluster:
[('so', 763), ('i', 132), ('anyway', 86), ('actually', 62), ('day', 55), ('today', 49), ('sorry', 47), ('time', 46), ('oh', 45), ('amp', 41), ('lol', 39), ('u', 39)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'So', 0.9463270306587219), (u'And', 0.8558562994003296), (u'Anyway', 0.8388925790786743), (u'Actually', 0.8212365508079529), (u'Of_course', 0.792792558670044), (u'Well', 0.78204745054245), (u'Okay', 0.7688428163528442), (u'Maybe', 0.7575262188911438), (u'Yep', 0.7486918568611145), (u'Sure', 0.7407552599906921)]





FML: So much for seniority, bc of technological ineptness, I now have to &quot;register&quot; for classes AGAIN 
FFS.car wouldnt start. AGAIN. So I cant get to the doctors now   bad timesss
thinking in Italy. So sorry 
Karelman: thinking in Italy. So sorry  http://tinyurl.com/cequbc
Gawd in so out of it.... Presentations for my ENG class.. So freakin scary! I didn't even finish it. I kno I'm a bad person. 
@Wossy As one of my 10 followers,  ,do you fancy coming along to my son's christening 1st birthday and christening party in june?
@sfrazer How did you conclude that w/o any details? Anyway, I could barely walk by the end of the night. And yes, prob working too hard. 
@Schofe Yowch! As if people would ever think you'd do that   Really, how dare they!
I swear if $ didn't matter I'd move out TODAY! So fed up  I might had to just have no cable and/or food til I get a job...real talk!
@GoldyMom Unfortunately no  And I have some work I really want/need to do. Are you having fun for me ;) I hope so!!
@Niesa09:  So sorry you are sick!   Try chewing on a piece of horseraddish. Its nasty but it helps
We lost   That's okay because we're in the quarterfinals, but it's the number one team. Yikes! So, for what it's worth &quot;Go Bruins!&quot;
@Vanilla_B Damn. You were serious. My bad. Ok, cheese noted! BTW, I own 2 of those. Unlike you, I am ashamed. I also LOVED Bring It On 3. 
Anyway, I am going to be super busy tomorrow, so I have to go to bed now if I plan on being up at 7 tomorrow. Yay! 
can't believe how useless Home still is. In the GH space and can't even hook up with people to play with. So lame 
@QueenNepy Oh and sorry, I don't work just the weekend. But it's the busiest. So it is painful. 
@Eminem So right. Wherever I go, there's no place to save me from myself 
@RachelStarrxxx So lucky, I havent had Sonic in forever 
@KeithFollett Actually worse... 
@justinrichards Duude, get on AIM.  So bored rite nao 
@MrFloydNL yep. As Ash said, it's reward for having faith in them early. I'd have bought one, but i had no cash  Oh well, i'll get 3 8&quot;ers
I want to sleep. Damn, why is so bad weather in Moscow? So cold 
@El_Granto Nope. Today is all-around terrible weather 
@Demi2U   So we can't talk today damn it!!!!
@uberaubs Where are you getting your dress from? i still don't have one   So excited for Foxfield!
misses Domino Magazine SO much! So glad I have those past issues though...haven't quite found another decor mag like it! 
I'd eat bugs if i could get 14 hours sleep straight!! So tired..  I might go for a lie down with Eclipse!! =D Xxx
@RoXyGurl Welcome back!  So sorry that happened   So much shit out there these days
@CaptainJLS Aw, crap!  Anyway, you needed the rest.
@CaptainJLS Aw, crap!  Anyway, you needed the rest. http://ff.im/2w1cx
FML. Didn't get to see @Jay_Nash tonight  So grumpy about this.
@selenagomez Hows Canada? So bummed I missed u...I found out u r stayin at the same hotel I was stayin at...  I was there 2 weeks ago.
*lets out a silent scream* there HAS TO BE A BETTER WAY!!! If this pain doesn't subside soon, I'm goin right back to the hospital 
@nick_carter Oh man, I live in Brazil. So I won't go find you in Los Angeles 
Remember the days when you had to manually type in song names on iTunes etc? Well I've got a big box'a CDs and no Internet. Or toaster- 
Only Been wake 30 Minutes, And I'm Already Having A Horrible Day 
I Never Gt Paid  Im So Annoyed They Sed It Wud Go In This Weekend   No Muney For CRISPS :L &lt;3 =] x
Argh! Tried to change my pic and it wouldn't accept my new one.  So, I tried to switch back, still a problem.  Now, pictureless 
@slatham100 : wish we could post you one!  Actually adoptions are going well,  but short of foster homes able to handle dogs w. 'issues' 
Morning all!!! I'm off this weekend but I will be doing school work and studying for finals...UGH  So what's everyone else up to today?
He fell asleep while watchin' the 1st &quot;Resident Evil&quot;!! So, I end up watchin' it alonee.. as usual... nice! 
@Elle_J_Ess Whew! Well, just keep an eye on her. If she starts eating human flesh/brains, watch out! She may be a zombie! 
I have to pick up photoshop, and the tablet tonight. Nowhere has it in white. So I'm stuck with it in black. Looks shitty w/ my macbook 
@_HeatherBailey So strange... I haven't received it.  Can you resend? Checked spam folder and could not find it.
@breemccreery  KRQ's gonna be giving away tickets, and i'm positive about that. So keep listening, and i'll try winning for you too!
Wah...I Miss Him So Much  ..
Omg, @anneeee is teaching me and Sherylp SS!  So killer, omgawd.
Just missed my train  gonna be late for lunch. But it's okay...going to Senderens! So excited!!! 2 stars baby!
@Lilylauren So true... But it's too early in the show. Like working out who did it on CSI five minutes in! Too soon 
@lizzie123x Studying.. Finals in 2 weeks.  But at least my boyfriend's coming over at 6.. So there's something good today too. ^^
@saynine. BTW... Saw Mr. S. They were closed though. 
@lubnaaa Really? Wow!!! So whatcha gon do? Still going to chamber or what? BTW, tak cuit pun my CV. Malas la 
@CHRIS_Daughtry Oh no!  So sad. 
Grey's Anatomy. So bored 
ugh Laundry... So sleepy. I miss my truck already   But maybe they'll work on it while their bored &amp; when I get it back it'll be all p ...
@3CB  So what do i do? The Kilo's are piling on. All the best with the bike i am jealous. 
Im sick. So no school. The second time go two weeks  
@josieposie Oh my. So &quot;homecooking&quot; then? 
@thirstforkirst : I have to update it  Anyway, where are you residing at?
@Selasphorus So jealous! Want to go birding. 
@DontEverThink I love minestrone soup! Homemade though... And you can! though knitted ones are prettier and look better lol 
I have to rant now, but no spoilers for supernatural, torchwood, or star trek! Promise! Lol XD So, im upset about sam &amp; dean in spn... 
@mikeyway  you dont follow me anymore T_T.I guess you followed me by accident (.Anyway 
@AshbooNV that's why eventually  u will go down there and showem what it made of!!! And show em how it's really done!!
I Wish I Could Just Help  Oh So Sad!
At Ontario airport waiting to board flight to Denver, then Sioux Falls ... So tired. And no F100 on this trip, either. 
Okay, So I went outside in the sun, only to be chased by an evil wasp. 
Ok,So,i slept for like 30minutes last night,woke up to pretty much the worst day i've had since october,and now it's getting worse. 
@ZydrateFairy Ugh!  So sorry, bebe...  &lt;3 *hugs!*
So happy to have a new niece...Mirabelle Jolie! So sad to leave my bubbies 
Hmmm.. So it's 9:30... What should i do...? Go on the computer...? No.. It will be boring... I miss Ashley.  Come home so i wont be bored!
i want to be at Disneyland! So much for my friend texting me back 
@Arcanine Hahaha this is true XD However, I am neither 17 or Asian  sorry
@grungeronblogtv haha. Idk. Blehh. So so so itchy and ugly atm. 
@okcomputer27 haha XD YEAh, cancelled shows suck  Luckily for me they didn't cancell the shows in California ;) So hopefully i will be
started my leave and am confused what i should do fast.I can seem to sleep past 7am.Why  .Anyway may try to read up on some networkin.
@CounterSuicide Golly! Lithium good; Tamiflu bad. So many factors play a role in suicide.  
Our DVR didn't tape the last couple of minutes of American Idol.  So upsetting.  I wasn't ready to see &quot;him&quot; go. 
wants the Nikon D5000 So frakin bad! 
@langfordperry That's how most of us felt when Friends ended. Actually, the feeling was worst cause it wasn't coming back 
I miss my sweetie!  Anyway, I swear I'm going job hunting tomorrow.  I don't want the jobs that were offered to me...They aren't my style.
@PaulMiller Actually, we seem to have surprisingly few orange books   http://bit.ly/37xj3f
Ack! So sorry guys!  I caught the corrut file about 10 minutes after I uploaded it, and then proceeded to upload the same file again!  
@spittingcat Whoops my bad. Yet another sign that I should go back to drinking some derivative of coffee again 
Well I'm Alive So to speak! lol! Just went back to Check on the wounds and they are healing nicely! Kyojin is on Vaca  for 2 weeks!
@Lolene ummmmm.... U disappeared... So much for nite out  
@josefinposse yeah good girl  Anyway i'm going 2 hospial now  4 a check up coz 2 years i got ran over and broke4 ribs ! i'll let u know
@aisfornala Oh. So people laugh at me huh?  Your words are like an ice dagger to my heart etc etc ;)
One more - http://bit.ly/87gBH  So sad  It'll be a long time 'til Marysville is healed.
Hmmm, So I just had a customer ask me if I was 40!!!! For those who dont know Im 26!! So disheartening 
@claytonchancy Oh no!  So sorry!!!  
We were invited late. Literally like an hour ago . So we r guilty for not bringin a gift.  lol soweee. They could take a rain check
How can one day be so bad ! So many crabby people so many STUPIDE kids ! Omg i wanna cry and yell !  
@shaggieshapiro Anyway, I was just trying to make you happy. 
and all I have is Axa0Lbs  to go, never so depressed in my life. So sad 
@MaomiWawa Actually I wanna go to da beach so much! (Sadly with my big big tummy  )
Thx everyone great night. Oh boy. Much respect Kc. If only more people were providing what you want. I wouldn't be so tired all the time 
is worried that my body clock is still on U.K's time. Anyway, I am missing Europe so much now 
1st Oildown.  luckily it seems notto be too bad... Anyway its part of the sport... In am too happy to be bothered by it.
@LariiTran Me neither.  But half yearlies all week, I need to go. You can not go, can't you? ROFL!
says David is quitting shuffle &amp; 5DX. So Sad  http://plurk.com/p/ucfis
Having a busy day today, in So Cal.....no time to enjoy the sunshine! 
Deccan Chargers lost -  So depressing! 
@xoxoangelrose ok  haha. I'm excited i haven't been to disney since i was little. I miss Florida. So much. 
@tyk505 Sounds grrreat!!  So sorry I missed it!   Wanna see pictures! 
So I guess R is in LA, K in VanCity. So, she def. won't come to Cannes. Pity. 
is unpacking from the girls retreat then GSM! So sad its the last one! 
just now leaving SA. So close yet so far! 
@Pink So wish you were coming to Cincinnati this year 
@felsull For real? If that, then I am Fudgie the Whale at a 6. So sorry you had to experience that nonsense. 
@Finalovesyou lol, no  therr werent any. And if there were, they had dates. Lol.
The low estimate is $500. Fuck. If you have any spare change to donate to my kitty, please do.  I'm about to call Delta and cancel my trip
@misslailah Hi! So i take it u didnt see 2 haste the day either? 
@Geeno33 lmfao! Finally ... that made me laff xD arrr poor Gee 
Just got in with Boris, just the vet to go at 1 ... So tired already and got loads to do today  wahhhh!!!
@Dendal Ooh, this is going to really sound weird, but I cannot stand warm drinks. The colder, the better. So warm milk won't do for me. 
@ShaiBrooklyn That's at BestBuy right? I keep forgetting you work there. Did you see the horrible news about TSCC? I posted it on JJB. 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh Dance by OAOTS is when George chokes in his appendectomy and is called 007! GAH 007! So much more meaning now. 
@demoninmypocket ..wait a couple more weeks/a month.  I really like that flight though, w/the stop over in Japan. So maybe soonish?
Woah - def getting much more Spotify ads   Particularly those advertising themselves!
Finished Andromeda. Actually had a good ending, but I'm sad nonetheless. 
@SamNUK So your day isn't synccing properly either? Bummer dude 
@KingsBlue I don't think I'll have a time for going to Riga.. So probably not.. No high heels.  Cry, cry!
 wasted a grand yesterday. Just sunk in. And sadly I'm gonna be back to shopping in a few hours. Must kick habit.
Couldnt sleep last night and after reading some of my messages i have realized i was not the only one. So tired. 
YES! Finally finished with research, now for that analytical reading.. oh boy. Lol. So tired  might just go 2 sleep (: G-Night twitterer's
@cyberiagirl Oh no!  There must be some way to replace it. Which session are you going to?
I eat less then normally, so I dont shit that much. Actually a bit disappointing that I cant use these Japanese cans more often 
@jaysonstreet SHADDDUP! So not fair, if I had expendable income I would go, in a heartbeat, but no I'm a housewife  FX &amp; Berlin = &lt;3
@Rappelz_Game So how come when we log in our character we just stood still and then we got dc its so frustrating.. 
Hafizah says she miss p4a. So am i. 
Just checking my twitter and facebook for some updates and all. And plus, I'm expecting someone's reply on my YM. So sad there's none. 
@Thaedydal @IRLConor So inconsiderate of her  I suggest you spend the next week requesting Admin input from her on everything 
@palatetopen Ugh... the packing is still nonexistent. Almost done with next week's Shoestring, though! So bummed to miss you last night 
@miahz &quot;Makin my way downtown...&quot; On the radio at work... We're doing NOTHING!... So much to do before getting on the road 
Just hit the 100 followers mark. Woot. First twitter goal achieved. Though I'm sure some spam bots will be removed lol and lower it on me 
Such a rainy day in So. Florida 
@newscoma Aw, Trace  So sorry to hear that.
@RiceInk thank you for the #FF LOVE! So sorry I missed meeting you at #NSS. 
Omg. So retarded, I thought I had jury duty 2day but they messed up my paper work and I really have the callin kind. And I took off work 
@km It's all NTFS or FAT. So I don't speak hfs+. 
@abiFACE WHAT. THE. FUCK.?   no. Just, no! When?! What? You cant! 
Ok So I decided that I hated the Featherweight Cardigan that I started. The patterns great, the yarn wasnt a good match. I frogged it. 
@Airy88 So you wouldn't go with me?!? That's messed up... 
I'm home! My baby sisters are already asleep though  And all of the resident animals have been shaved! HAHAHA Lucyy. So exhausted..
@DJGigiDred  I knoooo...I figured it was too late after no call. Hah. So that's why I'm at home...:/
I was going to say something but people would think there's a pun. Anyway, my lower half aches from the gym. 
Ahhhhh! My &quot;Let The Right One In&quot; DVD broke 
Arghhh So annoyed-yet again gone 2 starbucks &amp; given skimmed milk instead of soy milk!! I can't have milk so hav 2 throw away! Expensive 
@Keiyaunna So i guess im stuck in the LOBBY 
Just finished The Village. So in love,could watch it over and over! Wonder why I can't get to sleep tonight 
@IZEAinc So sad...found otu about your boot camp too late.   Oh well, may be in LA that day anyway.
@EmilyenFrance Oooo look who got a pic!  So much for swimming today 
@izzyvideo Izzy!!! So sorry to hear that - what a disaster 
@jdawg Still waiting for a email  from MAX. So i consider no news, bad news.
@Noodlez Actually, by the time i get there, the train would have arrived... 
@Krystalle So you're the reason I can't get a BoC 
@cassiekitsch Okay. So Rose told me your phone was shut off and you might be moving back to Spokane? What is going on? 
Ok. So I'm not moving, someone else took the apt I wanted  at least now I can work on organizing my stuff
@fountain1987 Ooh!Wish i was there.Just watched Hollyoaks on E4.So sad,please dont leave chris! 
@LeighanneReena Gosh...who's doing this??? So bad...  Baylee is a blessed child...these people don't know what to do... Kisses
@MrsSeear me too! Yay he got in. And the other kid who cries a lot 
@peacefullvegan I LOVE PD! So fucking good! I wanted to try something new...I give it 2.5/5 stars. It's meh. 
@AustinWise Part of an AR-15. Actually the only part of one that qualifies as a gun. You have to be 21 to buy them without parts on them. 
Or this, for that matter: http://bit.ly/SS6Yp  So jealous. 
Last day of holydays, gotta get back to work    Anyway, 2 great weeks
@CocaBeenSlinky Exactly 
Sugarland. So hot outside.  why so much hotter than the northwest?
@NKOTB So when are you guys coming to Alabama...you were supposed to be there tonight but cancelled...I had great seats 
@Mattshiloh Unfortunately your fix didn't work..   Oh well, I'm lovin' me some PeopleBrowsr anyways! 
@BullyOSullivan Oh no! So sorry about your pets.. 
Wow. So I hate Staples right now. Majorly. Thanks for being complete fucktards and killing our productivity 
@tymrichardson the movie Tym... So sad, I was crying non-stop.   
@f4ever But where would you put it? Under the beer pong table (that ppl steal alot), under the railing (that would fall off)? Idk 
@alour Phew! At least I have one endorsement! Though I'm playing catchup now and I can only find things on the net for elevated prices. 
Steelbreaker broke my druid.  Luckily that meant I could run afk to take Rose out.  So it was probably all for the best.
It's misty here in So Cal Coastline... I could use a hot cup of tea --- no caffeine for me lately is so sad!   I am out of plain Rooibos!
Ok So I officially have no plans for tonight  #fail Alex says UNLV bar is next weekend.   
Stayed up all night catching up on GG. So tired that my eyes are swallowen 
And I found out tonight all of our hours at work are getting cut. The owner is dying of cancer . Ugh its going to be horrible.. So sad 
No wifi at Mozilla Party 10... So no liveblogging. 
Gosh.. So f*cking tired! Sitting in the cab on my way to work  god morning everyone  lakers just rulez !!
Hmm... So I was suppose to get a design posted on my twitter, but it didn't post. 
A little bit confused...  nobody follows... Hm. Whatever...
@WaffledFlambe aw that's too bad  Even my boyfriend's got a thing about Sims 3. Anyway, goodluck with your SATs! ;)
@DEC66 Sadly not brass and mahogany, but that's a nice thought! Steampunk'd NAS!!  It's Chinese. 
Lovely sunny day in Plymouth. So i think I will spend a few hours at my computer  #sigh#
Oh dear, it's raining outside. So much for going to eat soon. Guess it'll just have to wait! (And apparently my last post was old news.  )
Mumsie is in Turkey.. So close yet so far... 
I'm retarded I keep sending the tweet by mistake LOL. Anyway, I can't sleep. I am thinking too much and I cannot relax.  I miss my friends
Okay okay, I'll stop. But oh God... Those lyrics are soo true! 
@hypnoticzexy Ya.. So sad  I hate loosing stuff. Now I don't trust technology!! *Drowns*
@evileonupe  I have rehearsal and an interview this afternoon. Then I am hosting an event tonight at CSU. So IDK if I kan kome 
@MercieSuicide Yah I was in the chat room with about 15 people when it went down. So I didn't leave. But then my net dropped out 
@ElyHenry Ah so jealous! I wish I could go! Instead, I must watch my little sister's dance recital. 3 hours of it. WOOHOO! 
Studying history in Starbucks  So cold and nervous.
The first of the final three episodes of Pushing Daisies airs tonight at 10pm on ABC. So sad. 
@panhype German cup finale? Shit. So I need to watch that stuff. 
My Cousin Is In The Bahamas Or However You Spell It I'm So Mad Bored Right Now  I Miss Her ily Ariel
I didn't finish my bowl of Raisin Bran. So many wasted raisins. 
&quot; Your So Far Away &quot; 
I had some fucking Arby's. And now my tummy hurts 
@JordanRinke ouch! Actually I wondered about that since other interviewees yesterday had same-day flights out. 
Wow. So only 2 ppl he submitted icons for the contest. Shocked and sad, actually. That's sad. 
Waiting For Photoshop To Download. So Impatient 
@NBATVChris As much as I hate to say it, I think Orlando may go ahead and take it tonight  *Hoping Im wrong* LOL
@crisette LOL! Idk surprisingly I have the whole weekend off. So that means I won't get to see you til next weekend 
@EdgeInternArmy So sad I couldn't make it out  Glad to hear you had a blast!
@NathanFillion feelin' the warm right now in UK. So bring a coat. No doubt sunshine will be gone in less than 24 hours  Damn eco system
Drives just a little faster to laugh at little kids running after the truck? Anyway, daught 1 scratched her jumps today. Too windy. 
Watching the last Leno  So glad I got to go once!
Ok... So doing stuff didn't help... I feel tired, but still can't sleep 
@clinton_o aww that sucks  I haven't really had time off on a weekend in... Weeks. So excited about it!
Adi is a beast! So sad I won't see him for two months 
Whelp! So long Cavs 
@katokat YEAH. Until now, I`m expecting him to come back 
Looks like the ACP killed off the old Drupal-based site. So my pledge post is gone? 
Bleh. So im losing my voice. 
So it's turns out I have Bronchitis! So tired of coughing 
had too much fun with Apples to Apples. So much, in fact, that he dropped his bracelet somewhere. 
@N_lo Yep! It is what it is! After all these years.... I wanna give Lebron a consolation hug though 
@Akelaa So far, Q and Dr. McCoy have been the most vocal.  Disgusting and gross were the terms they used.  
@Care4Horsescom  So can relate..you just feel/know it.
@TheDiva What, you keep taking photos of food and stuff. So I am using them to make food in SL with. So I figured I would just ask. 
@DavidRozansky We had a VERY active BBS community here $ yrs. 100s of 'em. Even 1st national relay FIDO-Nets.  AOL killed BBSing.    LOSS!
Okay. How the hell did the German who has a mother-effing difficult name defeat Novak? Still CAN'T get over it. I'm depressed. 
@BecaBear @TizBanana So neither of you needed coffee or ya just don't like Squid anymore...  
3rd race. Only placed 9th. Rode harder and faster but placed worse than 2 previous races. How does that work? UGH!! So disappointed. 
Finished Fame. So tiring 
Its So hot today - got my stuff for the family BBQ though....they will be here soon. I love family days...shame sis can't come though 
Anyway, time to get some breakfast and start revision 
- Im sad. So, make me not sad. 
@_chesca Whaaattt why? So you're backing out?  DO EEEET!
@johnnyjjohnson In the middle of Season 9... So I still have some episodes to go till I get there. I hear it's not that good anymore... 
RS and history revision. Ahhhhhh!!! So much work so little time 
@MichaelManna So far they don't let filthy Canadians roll their own Kindle versions 
Bush died  (he's my dog!) So not my day today!
Watched Dead na si Lolo. So funny. But behind those laughs i felt really sad. Suddenly, I miss my tatay so much 
@TFG1Podcast So ronery with everyone at Botcon... 
@mnazania u r right... Guess I'm hoping for a miracle to go with the effort I've put in. So sad.  thanx4takin d tym2check it out.
Grrrr...... So gosh darn beautiful outside and i have to work..    *again*
@RakeshAgrawal So I take it BeyondTV isn't coming to the Mac either?    Really want to get rid of the last PC in our house.
Ok everyone. Boarding my plane. So I guess that mean I have a few more before I have to stop tweeting. 
@bing Hey bing, Indeed Hulu desktop is only for the US  i wish youtube paid up for there music fees.
At LAX. So close yet so far from my mommy 
@CALiz3 can u plz pay my cell phone bill? It's only $800! LOL! Actually it's not funny.  have a good one on another grey day!
@ChuckJr  So, is the plan to wrap her in ice packs so that the fever will break and she can get to Bball camp tomorrow? ;)
The thought of organizing is awesome. Actually doing it sucks. 
Loss 3lbs with my Mom in the hospital and now let's see how much I lose with the breakup with my GF. So far not good 
@beckiann How did you like PPC Classroom? So bummed I didn't make it 
@MrBigDreams I Wish I Can See That Show (The Wire) , But They Don't Have It In Canada...Well I Don't Think They Do 
Wanted to get back in time to make @Arrichion_girl's 4:30 class but running behind! So much for a birthday week of Bikram with @ktforres 
Ok. Officially going. In like 30 minutes the taxi is comming to take me to the airport. Sad. He dont txt me  &lt;IwillAlwaysLoveU&gt;
Hm, utexas.edu looks down from three different spots on the net. So much for donating my weekend afternoon to my employer 
Waiting for @tboogieboricua...No Rock Here Though Sad 
@MzLadi_B Long. So I thought but they dnt ever end up that way on my long nail beds 
I was turning my music down and he hung up ?  Whatever. Next!
00:09 am and still not done packing. Tired...  So how are YOU guys doing??? Fill me in...
Have you all heard that Ft Campbell, KY is the leading Army post in suicides this year? Supposedly it's all over CNN.  So sad!!
@Tallgirl88 So sad to miss it  the first season aired here in winter. Guess I'll have to wait to watch it here one day (
@JSisodia The whole Sirius storyline broke my heart. So sad 
I though I was getting better but I'm not. I'm getting worse. Oh my  So sick&lt;/3
@MsPittsEsq Exactly and now I'm depressed. All this relationship talk is driving to to ice cream 
@shasashabrina No, he chatted with me on FB. So, what are u guys doing? Must be fun 
@Fynnocent So totally sucks...  But... Parents are strange creatures... I'm sure if my Mom knew half the shit I did too... Heh.
@jenthegingerkid LOVE Firefly.  So sad it lasted only 1 season 
is starting to take videos for FYP  So scary.
Just woke up at the rest stop in West Virginia. So so sick. Someone drive me home  7 hours left.
@flamehair Unfortunately, no. Things got worse.  Yeah, we're hoping that the closer look by the professionals will help. Thanks.
@iscreamlouder haha, that's alright then! Me neither!! So excited!!! Really hoping they'll do a 4th season too but it's looking unlikely! 
@gavlp Oooo! Cool. Though that means tomorrows probably not going to be so good! We're having parking issues &amp; having to come early 
Bad day so far and I've been up for about 2 hours... Anyway, beautiful weather, homework to do... 
I think I have strep.  I think I will be looking for a new job by the end of the week. Srsly. If I were my boss I'd reconsider me.
@makeupper I think Western Australia has forgotten what Winter is  So warm today.
@ausher8 Yah, yah, I know. I was just kidding. I'm just bored...and really had no thing to talk about. So, sorry about the weird-ness. 
http://bit.ly/Gli5g Finally finished what could be my last Technology Integration Newsletter...So sad.  
@_BBreezy Exactly it not sexy @ all 
OMG! So bored... Why isn't it 5:30 yet? 
@TroyBarrett So sad.  I can't believe nothing has been found yet, I know it sounds bad.  My heart goes out to those families 
Hates.... Beiingg.... So...... Hot......... Mehhh.......  x
@US_EUCOM So sad. 
@ShadowcloneX So awesome, for geeks like us. Like, man, yeah. We're so nerdy 
@AgentSullivan So what are you doing now ?It's so boring without you,Dr B &amp; Booth in a normal environment.No interesting cases to discuss 
Flight 447. So sad 
Af 447. So sad  my thoughts and prayers go out to the families touched by the tragedy.       (AP)  http://viigo.im/KLj
My thought are with the friends and families of Flight 447.  So sad!
@shamekko Wow!! So Sad 
LOL @JessiDavis_ Well from like 8pm til 5 this morning... Then I needed some Diet Coke to kill the h.o. 
27 miles from Kankakee. So close and yet still so far away 
Ohh Wow , So I Wanna Get Sickk . This Is Bad . 
has decided to buy swordfish tomorrow when it goes on sale at Straub's. So today I will setlle for some leftover Pasta.  Being poor sucks
Im by the pool having a fabulous time WHEN! I notice a really hot guy. And I was going to go talk to him and I forgot my towel!So no talk 
@digitaldolphin Actually you can find things, the problem is they go as soon as they are posted due to the high demand and low supply 
@tweetheart7 means very sad  but maybe Jordan will brighten my day- no?! So what u been up to??
Excited by all of the E3 news for the 360! So many good games coming out... so little money 
Doesn't know what to do after HS .  So many opportunities, so little time . I hate that I live in Fresno, pushes me back 10,000 steps away
handling some swap drama on @craftster.  Actually get to be the co-organizer, I was supposed to be...too bad it's dealing with a flaker. 
Ok not running tonight  Instead Chanel &amp; I will take a walk down to Lake Calhoun.
@SoulGlowActivtr Really? Because i called several times and only got a robot woman 
@mrserven I love Smallville! So sad that the season is over. 
@Mstermind1 So, so sorry that I didn't get to meet you at BEA!  I missed your signing and couldn't find you at the panel. 
Im left here with the ugly Toad.  So not fair
@RainyDayGirl2 I'm hurt, Kimmie.  So hurt! *Sniff.. sniffsniff!*
Ack! So damn close. 
Standing outside of my job waiting for a co-worker's ride to pick her up. So not fun. Le sigh 
Ok, so I called gym guy, and he was very happy that I called. Yet, I couldn't ask him if he has a GF or not! I'm such a pussy sometimes! 
@DawnYang1 Anyway,I don't know what went wrong,Fay has disconnected from me... 
@JoannaHang Seriously! So sad, so sad 
@l0k1 Actually it was a late, late supper &amp; not a very good one either.  
Most of my mates are complaining, they don't like the new V. They want her back. Hmmmm they want the suffer V instead of happy V. 
Another long ass work day and I have to be up at 5 to...you guessed it...WORK! So no training for me tomorrow 
Anyway goooood morning everyone its nice and sunny out side, and i am sat in a class doing shity coursework  lol
Playing around with Bing. So far so good.No local news support yet  www.bing.com
@MandyyJirouxx    So sorry, I hope your head feels better in the AM.
Anyway, back to work - got the yearly email stats report to generate for management... Not exactly fun 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! So is Mimco!!! I'm going to DIE!  Unless... hrm.... credit?! hehehe... evil laugh...
@JustinAngel Thanks.  I'd love to... but it is GPL   Unfortunately, we can't use GPL software.
@PerezHilton Baaaahaaaaaa. So true. I hate them girls 
@Drop150 So sad.    I feel your pain.  I have too many memories.
I think that I am coming down with a cold. Actually, it's already come down. I'm not feeling very well at all. 
Eating a chicken, bacon and avocado sandwich from Tesco. So nice but would be better if they stuck it in white bread. 
Ahmp  So many HomeWorks. Arggg.!!!
Fuuuuu me  I'm having allergies and I think I've caught some kind of cold. Fucking sore throat and idiotic cough!! So annoyed right now 
I have being SOO depressed currentlig  I'm not sure why... So if you how to make me happy, tell me 
@fallagain Wow! Thats great! So exciting! Cos I missed the first one... 
Hmm, is this contest entry form for me, perchance? I am intrigued! However, I can never figure out how to theme my nature photos. 
@_MikeNewton_ *text* so you don't have to come by if you don't want  Anyway, hope you are having a better day at the store.
@GDRUK You cant win prizes unless your in the US. So it becomes a big advertising event for Google 
17 may 2010-2 june 2010 : Exams!! So no change to go to Pinkpop (30+31 may and 1 june)  Or it really has to be 1 week later (peoplesayso)!
@pelke YES! Here's hoping for Nike+ support on 3.0. So obnoxious that the touch has it but the phone does not !!  X
On facebook; Lol have no friends on this  &lt;3 Want Some Though Hahaha...
None Of My Friends Are On Here Yet Because This Is So New    Never Mind
Ah Dang! So close to catching a T-Shirt 
@CrystalDDG4EVA That's awful!    So sorry....
@TechieTiffy Idk...it happened before with 1 account but now it's both! And fb is taking a while to respond back 
@VanessaZavala Exactly how I feel. And its just starting too. So its gonna get worse. 
Not sure how much I can be at my computer today. My leg and knee are really swollen and painful  So much for getting healthier!
I have an inconsistent training in Taekwondo. So I guess I'd go back to volleyball. 
The sad thing is i'm seeing more blue than maroon today. Come on Brisbane! Even the city cat guy's a blue fan 
Yeah...about that $550 ticket...apparently I don't know how to play poker and I read the card wrong. So, nada. Bupkis. Sweet tweet. 
@peace_ Thx Peace. Unfortunately you have to be a Canadian resident to vote  Would love to be able to vote for Agoo's designers but can't
I'm touching Kedsu's laptop (WOW, that's a huge surprise that she lets me use it). Anyway, going to the dentist today. 
@JasonBradbury So did you see Sonys E3 Conference then? Better then M$ I thought shame most of the stuff they've got didn't get shown tho 
@PixiePolaroid Technically camera aren't allowed in the concerts  But still, i'd love to have some photos from the NKOTB cruise 
No I haven't lost the browser plot... I need to make sure new NLC website works and displays correctly in IE6... So a day of use it is 
@RicaOhSo: @Llyw00d195 R: They Aren't Really My Cats, I Just Love Kittens So Much, I Can't Have One Though  Y,r u allergic to it? (cont)
Fed up. So tired and hot that nothing is gonna get done today. I'm just tidying up other peoples mess. And I burnt the rhubarb 
Damn roofers had me up at 7am to move my car!!! Then they were all hitting on me!!! Yuck!!! So tired!!! 
@bekinddarling what? You add me without knowing who I am? I was sitting behind you just last year. Anyway, thats sad, mate, really sad 
Needless to say the bitching WASN'T sorted out  meh wat can ya do?
I don't get it. I go to bed at 11:00 and wake up just as tired as if I'd gone to bed at 1:00. And I have a headache. 
Comcast is down.  called them and I guess there's an outage in Minneapolis. So let's hope it's back on soon!
@Agnostico So true! I keep trying to say that about my friend that only I can see (his name is Rod btw);  but noone believes me! 
Yikes! It's raining in So Cal... I don't like thunder. 
Today is the last day for free turbo shots at Dunks! So sad 
Oh man this pizza looks so good at Newk's... And I can't eat it 
I suddenly lost my liking for Farm Town. So there. No more farming. Until I find it interesting again. My crops are gonna go to waste. 
@morethanreal next two weeks I am in Zurich  So we'll have to do it after that!
@tekhelet not even one T_T So buys with work and errands  But TGIF ;D
@zorocaster  I never get invites to Nuffnang screenings. Haih... So susah one.
@supahdupahgrl You called me on my day off. So much for sleeping in. Pooper. 
This pain no sleep routine is getting kinda old now. I'm so so so tired of this  So Tired.
@ToyGuru So sorry to hear about your loss. I've had 2 close friends and my father pass from cancer over the years. Never a good way. 
@hen4 Unfortunately, that kind of love died long time ago for most of us. So sad  Anyway hon must leave you have a lovely weekend
@CorneliaArcher OOC: As far as I can tell... if I stay under 63 tweets an hour, I should be fine.  Goddamn speed limit 
@Acadnut Meteor: So, the answer is .. &quot;No&quot;. LOL!! Believe me, more afraid of storms now. They'll be back again tonite!  
I miss a lot the central park in NYC  So beautiful there!
finished article lists for blog posts. Sigh. So much to do before Seattle next week 
I want the Sims 3  So i can play it for a couple of weeks, get bored of it, and go back to WoW.
@JuliaJune  LOL I MISS YOUUU!!!   So sad we're not at SC right now!
Getting ready f0r s0me m0re sh0pping. &amp; a drive-in m0vie t0night. Surgury is tuesday.  Blahh. Anyway, i'll talk t0 every0ne later x0x
Lets see I have 437 points and need 551 just to get a C. So I need 114/200 on the final when I got 116 on the midterm. Help 
@beauty_time ok my little screen it is.. But on the computer I saw it and its not.. So Im sorry! 
@stxrI saw. I'm pissed at Maxis for apparently making it near impossible to mod, hack and make CC. So fuck the sims 3.  *bitter grapes*
@stxr saw. I'm pissed at Maxis for apparently making it near impossible to mod, hack and make CC. So fuck the sims 3.  *bitter grapes*
@bleroy Oh, COOL. It's been too long for me: I can't even define most of those terms any more  but that was *right* up my alley. So cool.
#mac #Apple #Help If anyone knows how to sort out a bad sector on the harddrive please let me know. Btw I can't boot up properly either 
Gmornin! Still overseas on biz &amp; it's STILL rainin &amp; hotel bound! Homesik 4 the So Cal sunshine &amp; lifestyle 
@scottbettinger Seeing the Goodfellows @ Kilwins wasn't even &quot;TweetWorthy&quot;??    Whatever....Your kids are cute, So I'll 4give U!
@JurrBurr  So sorry to hear that honey! It's a hard lesson learned about checking with HQ legals before starting a project. 
Hey all. So yeah. I really miss Dayton. I haven't seen him in 10 days. It's killing me inside. 
@LashesbyToya YES!!! those r the ones i had! About 4 years ago.  So sad......
@JessieKaitlin Actually I was just thinking that our 20 month old could be using the potty by the time the prints come out as well. 
@TheEllenShow watched a rerun of ur show...cant play twitter games in JUST California! What about Vermont?! We never get anything special 
...Flop A 4 J, turn 4, river J for $38K...  So brutal...179th or so paying 54...
@JessicaMF So sorry.  Safe travels &amp; peace to you all.
Okay. Not so much the Cullens house anymore. Now its like When A Stranger calls, and I'm really scared 
@MakeupByAngie not to you!  Haha..  Actually no I don't think I ever have since I generally never have one..  
@TehKimber Actually, that's two sets from 2 mamas.  The younger ones mama has disappeared.  
@seasea26 awww, that is AWESOME!! I glad it went well, except the rain.   Thanks for filling me in! So cool!! 
Finally can reach the pejaten village mall... Gosshhhh!!!! So FAR!!!! 
Past my drink limit to kick ass at guitar hero...I suck ass now. BOO. So sad. 
@DonnieWahlberg. So I would have loved to have gotten a pic with you but I paid 250 to not get one  http://myloc.me/2LMG
@Kaatje_68 I know huh?!? So sad  surprised she didn't hear about it in the Spanish news yet
Mariner's kind sucked  but thatsa okayy-being with family was the best. Even if there was this REALLY annoying little kid in front of me.
@DonnieWahlberg ugh! And that's &quot;it&quot; not &quot;u're&quot;. I hate when I do that!!!  Mucho love!
@plasticmartyr Oreos and Skittles ! Unfortunately you can't get skittles in Denmark  So I always fill my suitcase w 'em when I'm in USA
Gonna play Sims3. So glad I'm young and unemployed. Unlike the Sim I made.  She's a geezer now.
O_o... Omgosh. So nervous. SAT at 7:45. Wish me luck everybody, please! 
@AlisonNeale So there is hope for me? Woke up this morning feeling worse and 12 yr old daughter now has it too 
nephews wanna go home simply because they already buy what they want, but me NO! Ugh. .  So saaad.
Well...I am trying to figure out how to put a CD on my iPod. So far I have had no luck... 
Im so tired!  ugh!! So tired didnt sleep at all
Ok, I am not letting my children stay up late again. Ever. They are *so* wrung out 
@VanessaaHudgens Awww  Here in the Uk we were asleep when you started 'Follow Friday'.. So there's no chance of you ever following me 
Anyway I'm off to make some necklaces - need to be productive! Otherwise I'm just gonna sit here feeling sorry for myself! 
@dagolion It choked TweetDeck all up yesterday... &amp; then my alcohol intake didn't help either...     So I took a much needed TweetBreak!!
@blueclock Yep, tried Veeweyde too. They told me to call back on Monday...  So much for cat lovers being caring. I'm not even a cat lover
LOL! Female cat ran away. Male cat looks sad. What a CATastrophe! So much for getting pointers. 
Why can't I ever win when it comes to my mom? Ugh. So unreasonable 
@Spoked Yup  They wont be back until some time tomorrow afternoon... I am so bored! What are you raiding tonight?
@ShanteCurtis LMAO I used to stare at them like that too!  It's so different now.  Since it's Rosetta stone it's easy to procrastinate 
Off to Edinburgh to enjoy what's left of my youth!! But lost my carmex!! So no kissing tonight! 
@marykir Exactly. And it happens so fast. I hate most that most people think it's an overreaction to freak out at that rapid a gain. 
@Ari_So_Focused Not Following Meeee 
@YoungRo So... Ummm... when can I get my shirt!? I want one! 
I'm heading back home! Flight was delayed so got in late! So tired 
Well... So much for seeing No Doubt. Lawn seat tickets are sold out. 
need to get to blockbusters...Sighs..So lazy on the weekend though 
Missing All The Besties And Lovers  &lt;3
Am i turning Weird? Like Idk. The way i type makes me feel insecure. Erghhh! So many insecurities SUCK! i miss my buddiessss! 
@GimmeTOKYO that... Actually looks pretty cool, I wanna play too 
I've been spending the day/night doing some power cleaning at home.  Watching the 2nd to last &quot;Pushing Daisies&quot;.  So sad it's canceled. 
@sara3isenough So wrong, but Ohhhhh so right.  Yet another downside of small town living.  No Baskin Robbins 
I wonder if I'll have long enough hair to cosplay L in a month... Probably not  Anyway that would make me pretty unoriginal haha.
@misterhilary Where's So Simple? 
Psshh... Bff... More like... Whatever I'm not gunna to there!  I don't care what goes down, my summer will be perfect! With or without u!
@AlexAllTimeLow So was the one on Absolute Punk not supposed to be there? If so, sorry I listened illegally.  I feel dirty now.
Maxim hot 100? I'm jealous.. So what? 
Ok. So now that i'm older. . . Weddings depress me. 
@canadamcflyfan Red Wing won  So disapointed for the Pens. They might lose vs Detroit for 2nd years in a row! Life is so unfair sometimes!
Watching Bleach. So tired, don't think I'll be able to stay up long enough to watch Code Geass. 
Financial management class is waaaay worse than economics and management! Ewwww!! So falling asleep. 
Aww titanics on. I LOVE this movie. :] It's at the end though. So sad  gonna watch this. Then sleep.
@Yashoki Actually a friend of mine told me about the treasure item and o useful it was  I am catching up really quick.
@Jana1503 my wife also is asked to work in a polling station but this time there were no need for her. So no extra money  
I'm about to officially drop @Ari_So_Focused as my honey... She's starving me... *sigh* 
@yuyiechan I don't have any other choice but to deal with all that as I'm alredy stuck. Anyway, weekends almost over so here comes monday 
@Chocs2000 lmao! I could imagine ur face, you pausing and then saying ur second Tweet! So sad I missed it last night 
@SL_SmooveDaBoy Fuck @Ari_So_Focused!! What is ur sn?? I wanna talk toooo 
wanted to eat brunch with my pops but the company @ my house is still sleep;iM So disappointed that im not doin my summerworkout plan 
@granfalloon It's so FRUSTRATING! So many promises, so little follow through 
@yemsukadis haha ! Anyway ! Talent show awas lo ga ikut 
@whoisdjspecialk I gotta work tomoz... Wak!!! So im not doing anything 
@LisaPietsch oh yes I know LOL. So glad he FINALLY tweeted. Now if only he'd tweet back  He won't though cuz he never writes back on FB
Up &amp; walking dog    will miss her lots. Pack, bank, gas, pick up teen in Fla. Then Atlanta. So emotional nefore trip. Why?
@lounell Yum!!!! So sad - trying to watch the French Open final via live streaming... our cable subscription doesn't include sports 
Know what I hate? FF with an awesome storyline that sounds like it's been written by a 12 year old. So much lost potential reading 
Hahahahahahaha i got a car saftey bingo! Bridgelost her wallet  no nuclear bombs have gone off... Yet
@HipMamaB So can u share how u got an invite? Cuz I'm totally jealous. I so don't have friends in high places. Only low ones 
In bed ready to sleep my arse off. So tired from dancing all day at warehouse. My legs are so so sore right now. 
I just got back from shopping and I'm really annoyed I can't get shades  Anyway,I'm pretty bored now.
@kirstiealley I love you but why do you always YELL! So early for yelling  no yelling?
@AdHack So you did! Behind on the blog reading 
Still ill  I foolishly ate popcorn and made myself even ill-er than before.So not only has my stomach let me down but my brain as well.Mx
http://twitpic.com/6u3jg - It's time to retire old Huffy.  So heavy &amp; rickety &amp; about 15+yrs old.
So last night started with Saki Bombs and Sushi and ended with me loosing my iPhone. So I'll be out of touch until I find an AT&amp;T store. 
@bettynguyencnn You came to So Tex without telling me?! 
Hmm, food, then shower, then WiC for an hour. Then Work 
@ClaireFry Actually, just noticed that you don't have Sky just now  I'm sure it'll be available online somewhere.
Business trips  only good thing is eating on someone else's dime.  Some places don't let you get alcohol though... Dunno about this client
HOME to Ohio tomorrow to see my family. So stoked, it'll be exactly what I need...  Not having a phone &amp; being sick has taken it's toll 
just said Lehitraot to Rosenhouses. Thus ends the #shabbattweetup parsha naso  sniff   had an Amazing time
GAH. So close to winning an autograph from the @BuckHollywood forums. I was off by two posts. 
@Haunt1013 Of course lately a lot of my new followers have X-rated icons. So easy! So gross. 
@Fuzzie_74 So was ours! Sleeping in the same house as the devil count = 4 
Anyway, I was going to bed. Just sneezed rather a lot, so I think we can safely say a cold or suchlike is taking hold.  Nanite.  xx
Me &amp; Madame C.J Walker parted ways 2 years ago. So it's taking me forever to straighten these curls. And I'm not happy 
@putty_neshia TYPOS again?! No, not silly at all. So very sorry.Thx 4 reminding though 
@gabyyyyyyy There's no time to graduate,the fam's leaving me NOW :-\ So I may be setting grad time back again  No SoBe either. Double 
@susansoutherlan Of course!  And I couldn't agree more about ABC's fail with Pushing Daisies. So sad! 
@GoldMonster I forgot the name for a second! I was having a mind blank! And ugh. Seriously? Who performed? So pissed. 
@Benjimonicus its only cause i told you like a month ago ;) keep guessing honeycakes. Anyway i was just saying bye when you @ted me 
@WiltingSoul   Ahh Sorry to hear that.  Similarly I've been fighting bronchitis since Tues too. Antibiotics arent' doing any good. 
@andygts -.- GAH. Whhhyyyyy... Actually good too. I've got a lot of events this week 
OMG For all the Laundry They left me 
Offically decided that Wales don't get enough McLurve!  So gonna start this: #McFlyforWales #McFlyforWales #McFlyforWales #McFlyforWales
@mrsfindy Okay. So no nomat then  Wonder if my bro has good DVDs at home.
Grrr... @TweetDeck When starting the app you get notifications that everything you have 100 new of. Even if youve only restarted the app 
OMG. Just saw the cover for @annetteblair's Naked Dragon.  Wah! It won't be out until Jan 2010. So very long to wait. Le sigh.
Aww rainy day today  .. But it's #TREYSONGZMUSICMONDAYS . Yup Yup . So Errthing sounds good to me =D
@thelornashow its annoying isn't it. Feels like writing a school report or something! Anyway its done now...and the sun's gone in 
Last week in Dallas  So sad.
is finally home after a few days of traveling for work &amp; PR.  So exhausted   but thats the past and now its play time.
Finishing up this track here now. Fiyah! But... the outside world seems to have run out of ProPlus. So now what am I gonna do..? 
@akikato so sorry Aki! So sad to hear 
I don't really know if my Orientation cancels my regular sched classes. Ahhh! So I have to drive to school early tomorrow 
@JeromeNeil Exactly the same as last time! Livvi signed me up too  you'll get one if Livvi's signed you up.
ready for another week of school work! Blah! So bummed that the Magic lost! 
@ramblingscribe I hope the shot misses!!! But knowing Spooks it won't so just hope its only a minor injury :S poor Ros!!! So upset 
Download.... what can I say it was absolutely amazing, one of the best weekends of my life  So gutted it's over 
@WildFlowerSweet Really? I have all the seasons on DVD!!! WOW!!! Anyway, about that lizard...I didn't kill it. It got away. 
Oh Cool So Your Nor Moving To Spain Permanantly Then ?  x
Realizing that the Saturn dealership no longer has saturns in its showroom... They're now KIAs. Yech.  So sad.
I have no bread for my sandwich  So...I'm eating everything sans bread! Nom.
@jmullan Since you didn't init $true that should evaluate to NULL or 0, no? So no coffee for us? 
My car is in the shop too today.  *tear* please let nothing major be wrong with it. Anyway, my day is going great-how is yours?
@FFXSoul91 So true. *sighs* One of the main reasons why I always went to Union Square was the Virgin. 
Snuffle. Actually looks like a nice day but... news says rain 
First day of Kravis Arts is DONE. So far, awesomeness. Also I suck at silkscreening. 
long time ago since my last tweet  i just was so busy that I totally forgot. Anyway, need to figure out twitter again. ;)
Ok. So my computer just froze and I didn't save what I was making.. 
School in the summer was a baaad idea! Ugh. So over this class 
Huh. Something must've gone wrong with the TR1 Vista install. Some voices were missing. 
Today an A&amp;R said &quot;if u pray for swag, the 'pop culture gods' will grant it &amp; blow u up&quot;...  Awwwh Damn... So thats how it works!
About to see Moon. So sad I cant get a picture of this guy with a sparkly sequined baseball cap. 
Ok, So I have sunburn...  Not a good look.. It hurts...
@Skeptique So do I. Only a little. I don't wanna be like Madonna though 
Finally back home after Bonnaroo. So sad it's all over.  Someone take me back!
Ohhh ! So cuuuteer  i miss your hugs  http://twitpic.com/7ifro
@DonnieWahlberg - devastated!!!!...So sad you guys won't be coming t OZ 
I'm Getting Along With Twitter Very Well I Think I'll Like It If I Have Some Friends! 
Just reported a beached whale on the ocean side between 61st and 62nd in Long Beach. So sad. 
@nikki_lopez Ooooo, i'd LOVE to sleep most of the day! Though i cant really sleep most of the night these days 
@gauneyKAY - lol, i was awake, yeah. Sorry, I got off after I 'tweeted'. So I only just got your tweet. Failllll. 
@suganeseo  oh no.... Visa thing?  ....  Actually I was keeping my fingers crossed for you...
No! Actually, I wish I had my fire back. 
morning starts with a flat phone - no alarm!! - why did it not charge?? Anyway, rush to first meeting..... thankfully no 8am telco today 
@DonnieWahlberg So Sorry I hope Ddub can forgive me  not myself these days!
@mikebishop I do 8.45 to 5.30!  And had to come in early today to deploy some sites. Can I go back to having a pretend job again please?
Hmm, well, i kinda started to. So... tomorrow? 
@Jaoibh Actually, custard :p Scones give me heartburn for some reason - sucks cause I love them 
@veldi @hobohut Thus the nickname suggestion. Woah. Not letting you write more than a few characters is painful 
@NewMoon_Gossip So do i 
@parlai DAMN! So not worth $4.50..... 
Feel like about to puke  Can't remember any chemistry, but I understand it all. Arghhh. So cranky.
Weelll.. im Verrrie Bored! and i really dont wanna go to school! But If i Dont imma Probably miss somthing Hilarious! So imma gunna go 
@pilgrimfamilyuk Wowser!  How cool is that? Sadly, I 'm teaching tomorrow...  
Sorting out my iTunes because I had to re-format my pc...  So many songs, so little time.
@dorothy1985 Oh that's terrible  Unfortunately the homeless are a target - sadly here in Aus to....
@Tsaksonakis Oh If only I had known! My nets not even reliable enough to get last minute flights! haha... 
@martinpolley Awesome. Unfortunately, I have't even had time to think about it, so I prolly won't be doing the challenge this year 
Took a jellyfish to the thigh  ! So we're consoling ourselves with some home-made quesadillas...
Has moved out of Uni... So sad, a whole era has finished 
Enchanted Village for sale http://bit.ly/vNtg4  So many childhood memories - does this make any other Beantown residents sad?
I keep putting off going back to Queens. I hate the 3 hour train ride  The people on The Jitney are worse, though. So obnoxious.
#HaveYouEver Loved Somebody So Much It Made You Cry?...I Have. 
In.So.Much.Pain 
@UGWellness I'm sad that I'll miss it  Anyway to get a copy?
Hmmm, no tweets being sent to my phone. So sad, i dont know what anyone is up to 
Ughhhhh everyone except me has seen The Hangover! So now I have no one to go see it with me 
So about me wanting an early night. NOT HAPPENING  So unhappy right now. I really wanted to get everything done and then goto bed but argh
When I asked Dell about reviewing a 14z laptop, they said they'd have review units &quot;in a few months&quot;. Wow.  So I ordered one today... 
@Copy_Pixie So sorry to hear about your uncle - we'll be thinking about you 
@missannajane Oh I wish! Sadly there is way too much work to be done  Hence the twitter procrastination...
I LOVE sip &amp; Savour! So much wine, not enough time 
@AnthxnyJE Thanks. So, doesnt exist a program for backup all our downloads?  . Just All again
@Knoc I tried that &amp; wen I comd out the curls my hair was too str8  they sed I'd have to have them sew the lox in. So I'd hav ta be all in
@nuthinfancy Oh, no!   So sorry about the kitteh.
@va_songstress the world lacks people like you..  haha.... but its all good! So im guessing you're originally from Va?
up WAY too early in switzerland. On the metro, then the train to Geneva and flight home to California!! So long from now though 
@cybellise I know EXACTLY how you feel! Hahaha *high five* So much work FTL 
@greatscott Just figured out how to reply. What does that say...never mind. Anyway summers out here are the best! The rest of the year 
Sleeping on the floor under millys desk at MTV. So tired... 
OMG..Just got back from watching UP 3D, So cute! made me cry  My kids where giving me a wierd look...But it i'm a softy I cry for anything
@madonnamike For real?! You lost followers 4 loving Cher?! So pathetic.  Their loss. N I LOVE Taxi, Taxi!!!
@lcstranslations I fell sorry for you... seriously, you cannot continue like this. Anyhow, today seems that everything is going wrong 
I want 3.0 now!! Hurry up Cupertino. Although I'm sad to find out voice command &amp; video are on the new phones and not in the update. 
@awesomenessjen LOL. Difficult. D: So hard to remember. 
@ESoPINK Oh you have swine flu! You poor baby! So many people I know from VIC have caught it! 
@DonnieWahlberg Okay! (simulated marching)...I will be journeying on to Irvine &amp; Vegas. No waffle house here in So. Cal for facetime 
#haveyouever heard the wolf cry to the blue corn moon? OMG!LOL!  So predictable of me.
@BigB3n Actually my nose is starting to hurt from all the sneezing, kinda sucks when driving too  Sneezometer is spoilt.
New pc up and running, fast as hell. So happy. Unfortunatly it will mostly be used for work 
So..just bwr and politic. So Boring oO.. 
I don't know what to watch... CP24 Breakfast A morning or BT??? So many channels so little time 
is sat in Chemistry class! So boring 
@imraphael @voonfei They want people to go to Bangsar Village. So no online voting 
@1capplegate gawd!! I love Sam Who!! So saad its bein cancel 
Anyway after 12am, it'll be 10 more days and i'll be back home! I so miss mummy, daddy and ran! 
Omg biggest pimple on my chin!! So sad.. 
Back in the offic.. Bleh. So did not want to get out of the sun  hopefully it will still be nice out at 4:30!
@twitch1021 your complaint is exactly why I cannot stand Minority Report. So much left unexplored to save time for jetpack fights 
@khrystena oh. unfortunately that would be complicated just because not all of our vendors can drop ship to Canada.  So sorry!
@thedanwalker Oh, I moved up here in January. For work  I miss the coast, there's not much going on up here.
OMFG!!! So freaking bored! My brother's going to the movies so I have no one to run with 
Okay. I left work early today.  I went to see a dentist, and I'm not happy.    After that I had a back acne treatment at the Chinatown.
I made a friends album on Facebook. So far I only have 2 friends in it. 
@Kreeoni Yeah, the macro from the comments on wowhead.  Still got got more than 4 though  Then again, stopped for ulduar raid =p
* Hagen, Verse and SA. So much to learn it's overwhelming  #acting.
@MarioBMartha Wonderful!! So sorry I missed the segment on the mix-ins 
Bored So Im Cleaning 
@DeeBM Haha Lol.. Ah So Bored And Have A Headache  Lol.. Hmm x
@ces1982  Thanks!  I needed that!  Actually had to go to a meeting!  Now gotta go look at more clothes!  
&lt;--- about to brave the rain  LAME  If it's really bad i may puss out and stop at REI on the way home for a raincoat
@michael_jaison Yeah, that's a real bird.  Google shows white eggs with brown spots though.  D: So it's either that, blue jay, or robin. 
@KristinBuddy I KNOW! However i need to go to bed , i have Yoga 2maro Morn@6am 
@firetown tried replying to your last message but failed. Anyway, no, my last website was unfortunately lost.  Making a new one now. If...
@johnsee No  Otherwise Id already have started making work for myself ;) The prick just stole my ICU round while I was in the bathroom!
@Baroque_noMonet Yes! So far I am feeling sort of blah toward it. I did manage to hack into tethering prematurely. Still working on MMS. 
*Hello! So they say we're out of resection but am still broke 
@PetiteLove Ugh! That sucks!  But you need to start using your BB..So that we can BBM!
@dorkierthanyou Cause this song breaks my heart. So depressing. 
@jeffarchuleta awesome!...can't wait to see u and david in GA! So excited for this concert!...i missed davids tour due to school.. 
That was from Paxton..... Haha. So sad to not see them for 3 days after tomorrow 
@OriginalSwoosh Exactly!! I still can't send pics via text though 
@pcdmelodyt  Sorry to hear 'bout this. So many ppl out there that paint pics in their own heads different of pic that's there 
I haven't spoken to my honey @Ari_So_Focused in fowever 
@donttrythis Actually remembering to watch tonight.  Generally I get busy with other things. 
Apples keep Doc's Away! So If your girlfriend / boyfriend is a doctor, stop eating apples. Else you'll lose your love 
At my house watching tv with my mommy. The boys are gone, I am drinking juice. Ha. So fucking tired, Safety Town AGAIN tomorrow. 
My fave dances Of the Night on So you think you can dance were the jazz pop princess one and the disco. This week wasn't as good 
@DonnieWahlberg - So sad you guys aren't making it to Australia anymore 
@theSLaBeouf ~ Stuck in work  dyin to go home for a bit of Rockband ) So sad but sooo much fun x wat yoo doin ?xx
Tossed and turned last night...no sleep @ all. So exhausted I'm dizzy. Late 4 work 
@richardepryor How enterprising of you! Well done! So long as you don't milk it.....  sorry   !!!  Good luck! 
@tudssiazon HAHAHA. I didn't join. Katamad e. Only to find out tmrw andun sa Dr.T. So saaaad 
Screw it... Cant sleep! So i guess im up for the day    i have an interview at 2:30
@JeskaReay Actually, I probably won't be playing because I'll be getting home pretty late tonight. 
@lisatroy Hi! So far not looking good cuz now I'm stuck in traffic. 
@__melissa Bahaha! So you're not gonna be on SYTYCD Canada?? Awwww! 
Sore from work, the extremes of cold, not looking forward to French exam tomorrow, and missing Jac. So feeling rather shitty 
@eklavins WOW what a game!! I fell asleep in the 10th inning though  So I missed the big WIN for AR!
@Shopaholic_Mama So sorry 
Damn... I wish there was a dutch venue that would book Lacrimosa. So many people love their music, but we hardly get a chance to enjoy it 
@reevecarney: YAY!!  that makes me so happy! I'm totally sad though..bc I couldn't get tickets for your show tonight in Houston!  So,
OMG! im at my internship &amp; the air conditioner is broke!! &amp; I'm wearing jean! So blown 
@HermieSadler  I was at the race and totally going for Jimmie. So sad. 
Imagine that you're walkin. And when you think you are close... Nothing. So more walking. This was a long walking day. 
I'm so tired I could cry. So much for Artomatic outing tonight - I'll be lucky if I don't fall asleep at my desk. 
@MMcflyy So whats the move 4 2morrow? I already have my sitter on deck and I need some beautifulness in my life SAVE ME! I miss u guys 
@kiernanleigh Yeah I've never seen M&amp;A  So I just don't know!
I have no idea why but I'm missing someone big time right now.  I'm so hopeless... Anyway time to go to bed. Nights...
@JulianD   Ah..just realized you are in Columbia ~ So sorry but at this point you can only purchase in U.S.!   Glad you like the app tho!
Geez this storm is intense!!! I wish it would wait until later! So I wudnt have to swim breaststroke! 
Ok... So I just found out that my BB doesn't go to some html sites... This blows...  I miss my iphone
Wow... I feel out of place at brookdale. Ghetto people only..not a single other race besides me. Barnes and noble has shut down.  So  ...
@DonnieWahlberg Weep! U neva took a pic of me in my M&amp;G...oh, that's cos I didn't meet U in my M&amp;G.  So many new kids, so little time! 
Damn. So it looks like my nephew is autistic 
@grannyprince both. And yay on Tif a job!! She doesn't talk to me anymore. 
@MGiraudOfficial aaahhh..if only you guys are somewhere in Asia..  I would love to see you. Anyhow, hv you ever reply to ur fans' tweet?
@craftyasparagus Oh no!  So sorry!  Thank goodness your pup is okay!!  So terrible.     #awesomehr
@jlpitts Did you buy the bag?!  For some reason twitter won't send your tweets to my cell?!    So I couldn't tell you to DO IT!
Ok this day is turning around. However I have so much to do and no time to do it in 
Anyway, off to find some munchies before bed, then sleep, cos I have to get up again in about 5 hours. 
Nooo! So you think you can dance got it wrong! Max should have stayed. Kupono should have gone home 
SYTYCD : So scared that Kupono was going to go homeeeee! Max creeps me out 
@DakotaCassidy yes.  Seriously.  They did.    http://bit.ly/ya1pD
@MMeltonUT You watch that show too?? OH my gosh love you and that show, it is my favorite! So mad Max went home tonight boo 
thinks that tonight's decision for sytycd SUCKED!     So unhappy about that one
So my grandpa has a lady friend  sad, I miss my grandmom a lot, guess he has to move on as well....RIP GrandMoM.. Miss U So Much..
Uhhh why am I still up...My neighbor jus turned her music off...So annoyed jus want to go to sleep 
@SeanPaulOneill So I just woke because I cant sleep im that excited  I hope we can get a Starbucks before we go in to the show 
 Im more than a pair of legs. I have a great sense of humor and I'm filled with tons of random trivia. So y won't anyone hang out with me?
@NaeMayo Yeap... So.. I'm exchange its today. 
@cortneyofeden Both of our cherry trees died of a root disease they were developing when we moved in  And we're in cherry *central*. 
Tried to tether my iPhone, but apparently it only works with the 3G. So no wicked-fast EDGE surfing for me... 
@30SECONDSTOMARS very dark in southern California!  So close, yet so far! 
Worked out.. And then ate.. A lot 
@BananaMolly @heartysweetie no. Actually it's to send someone off. We are stuck in a jam for 3 hrs. Not in time in the end.  grr...
@OMGitsLexi So it starts off as a fun day, and now not happy...   Sorry
Ow, ow, ow, hot! hottttttttt!!  . Why are so hot? So, Korea is changing to the tropical climate?
@ltomuta Aha! So you got rid of the entry fee!? Even more annoying I payed it some years ago  Argh! :-}
Anyway maybe I should have not said anything but I have a hard time hiding my feelings.  love you anyway. Talk to you later.
Yup! So, they did take my phone. But, it will be w them for a week! 
So glad i didnt crash elsewhere tonight. Feels sooo good being in my own bed right now. Drive home was killer though. So sleepy 
I really need Snow Leopard. So many programmes doesn't function. 
@mschikee thanks! But... Sigh... So hard to eat healthy in winter! 
oh daaamnnn! the firemen ball's on the 14th and i'll still be in Cannes  So many handsome men united 2gether, and i miss it! *out tonite*
@LUVDOLLICIA  ... Ok now I'm mad @ Hennessy. How they gonna keep the best one from NY? They know we feenin. I shoulda went to Brooklyn...
Is sad to learn of the Ga. Theatre. So many memories 
Well that's it. Last exam, Further Pure Mathematics 2 (highest A-level module in difficulty), was a blast. And now I leave school 
@demianbrink I LOVE THAT SHOW!! So sad it's over 
@TimKrause09 So.  I heard that you and Caleb are trying to get a BBQ going tonight at the lake? Yes? Because I can't make the next one 
@TheRootBuzz So sad, but true about Vick 
My family is on their way to take my brother to The airport. He's going to Cabo. So sad I'm not going 
@ShannanB HUGS. So sad. 
Looking forward to seeing my old Pastor!  If my phone worked, I would call him.    Anyway I'm off to therapy again today...yeah
Yawn. So bored. On lockdown again.  save meh!
@painyboi Oh..Ghostbusters. Though you had this.  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/da/Tigerbread.jpg
@ChuckQuartz  Basically it's just Coldoil saying 'we didn't mean any harm' and then getting all flustered when asked about his old AI.
Oldest niece won't be going with. So much for my plans to traffic children across state lines. 
@JensCamaro Actually it was mmmmmm.... not hmmmmmmm... LoL! And don't worry cuz nobody wants to come &quot;test drive&quot; me anyway! 
Still in houston. Ridiculous. So long sandy beaches 
@PaulaAbdul 2moz wud hav been my sis' bday bt she passed away  Having ur bday the day b4 hers lets me b happy b4 the sadness hits. ily xxx
I don't want to give up my PA license   So sad.  Also, I didn't smile during my picture and signed strangely. And someone is screaming
@shoaibhashmi i'm too lazy. Missed Skyways. So have to beer these jhtkas now. 
Another Frys ad rippin consumers 349 dualcore are you outta your mind? So 2007 
@ruttanamy  Ugh - that's how my last one died. So sad. I'm in mourning for you. 
So I may not really be around. So don't fret, nothing to do with the bump, it just means I won't have any real access until DH gets home. 
Hmmph!  So much for my early night  I just don't want to leave people when they have no-one else to talk to....
@jamesspeedy Yup! Finally got me some 3GS lovin' at the Fido kiosk.  Apple store got a bad shipment of phones 
Just looked at my RAZR for the first time today. &quot;Unregistered SIM&quot;. So sad  Thanks for being such a great phone!
@DonnieWahlberg Why can't there be Waffle houses here in So. Cali 
Oh Emm Gee! So my pit tore apart some1's dog that was wondering around n our yard.Great.   ~deerh2o~
Ok.. So it is true. George from Grey's Anatomy is off the show! 
@BIGGC_ True  So could a few other divas too!
BOOO!!! So sad they aren't going to the Championship 
I deactivated the AZIndex Plugin at my blog because it stopped working after upgrading my blog to 2.8. So for now there is NO Index 
@geardiary Oh... So the sprint version isn't a true world phone.  That sucks. 
i didn't make the team  i think it's ok though because i love dance no matter where I'm doing it. Anyway..lifes pretty uneventful
@SuNrIseGirL02 Omg really? See, I knew you could do it, and I bet you did great! So glad you had fun! Missed ya too 
sorry about boring pics AGAIN! So bored  xoxo
@DavidArchie So you're not even going to Sea World?  that place is awesome! hahah
SIcky-poo and NRB isn't taking care of me  Well, he is kinda sick too. And has a big week ahead. Whatever.
@curnew aw!  what was pay in? And can you rebuy?
@Sandvichorg @BradleyWill So no-one is brave enough to try a marg,peanut butter and mayo sandwiche?? My belief in Twitter is shattered 
Just finished watching 'Because I Said So'...and it's made me feel even more lonely...ugh! I thought I gave up watching chick flicks 
I've been looking forward to 3.0 for like 6 months and now I'm bored with it  Meh, So wasn't worth the wait
@JoyaCamaisa So sorry about your voice  Your voice needs sleep!
Iphone 3G S : So near and yet so far 
Whoah.  Since when did ebaumsworld take over Putfile?  I, like, had files uploaded that i'd like to have back.  
Rank 4! So sad 
@sherrieshepherd Saw you today going to your prom..So cute &amp; sweet..I missed mine too  But life got in the way..BTW..U and MVP STUNNIN!
@lukasrossi ~~AutoTune is the new Mullet!!    So lame...   
geeze, i just wana SLEEP! ...So frustrated right now 
Ok, so I'm really excited by the trailer for Whatever it takes. But it got terrible reviews 
Stuck in Tokyo!!!  So much for getting home.
@WandaMoosejaw  Dang So sometime in 2008...  Still yucly and WTH? He's trying to hide his face?! They still don't look like a couple!
@nicolejacinto Oh no, Nic!  So sorry to hear about your wallet. If that person cant gain a conscience, he might have to steal one as well!
Bardot! But I went home to take my contacts out before this and now I'm blind. So if I don't say hi, its not you its me 
Ok..Right...So  Macbeth and/or MacDeath BLERGGGGG 
Tink!....why???? So tired!!! Lol! I miss the boys! 
@missgreens haha i went out  with keegan. So screwed from working...setting up a toy storeis PAINFUL, so many pallets of stock and shit 
@saffir_99 Ugh, that stinks. Some people just don't THINK they are doing wrong, and they don't apologize at all. So sad 
Looking at banks for Hawaii. So many choices! Missing strawberry picking with my gma and dad bc I didn't feel well when I woke up 
After hard fight, net connection is back home. Anyway, what's the use, I have to fucking study  god damn...
Figured out my desktop is not working at all.  If it was it would be downloading my email.  So it's not just the monitor.  Repair shop. 
I so don't get la twitter!  Anyway, not going to Knut's party 
@tinadrosch @JoOrtiz  bc People who are interested in buying the house are inside! So I have to stay out here in the cold rain  haha
WOW! Finally was able to download OS 3.0... What new things should i be excited about?? (no MMS  )
@breyeschow it's very cool, dunno what you're talking about. So cool, in fact that I think the socal and Seattle weathers got switched. 
Lulz. So yea, my internet just went out.  this sucks.
Sang in Madison... So sad cuz the sound went out RIGHT in the middle of my set!!!!!  but at least I got to connect with the kids!!!
Anyway, since we last spoke our cooker blew up!, so off to Comet tomorrow to purchase a decent combi microwave to tide us over 
Wish I Was In America So That I Cudd Somehow Go To Birthday Bassh 
I don't know why i am still awake. Anyway there is currently 126 H1N1 cases, 2 local transmissions and a NKorea ship is heading here. 
Sooooo tired. Had to go to the dentist this morning at 8  Now the sleepyness is kicking in!
I HATE Myself Soooo Much Right Nowwww 
Reli cant be arsed to do anythin' !! So tired  Recoverin from last night x
@jayesel me too!  I stumbled upon Gilmore Girls by accident and it became my favorite.  So sad when it ended.  
I dont wanna go to work!!!!!  id rather continue my fun n the sun wit @ and @  lmao. Not puttin folk out there. Yet! Lmao
i have a crick in my neck  is that the proper use of the word crick? Anyway i can't turn much to the rite or left! Not cool.
@perksofbeingme Having lost my mother to Alzheimer's, I sincerely hope that is NOT the case w/ your grandma. So sorry either way. 
I saw an Iranian girl die on youtube today and found out her name was NADA.  So sad.  
Just got thru reading 1st section of writer buddy's ms. OMGosh! So good! Dragging myself away from it to work on spreadsheets  not so fun
doped up on Vicodin. So freakin tired. But at least it helps with the pain. Blah... Think im going to go sleep...   ~*~meg~*~
Just finished baking cookies.  One of Sky's last nights in California   So proud and can't wait to see what the future holds for the guys
Finally like wearing my freakin glasses BUWHAHAHA!!! So jealous of her! Grr does her eyes have to this BIG?!?!? 
Ok, So I did think about visiting my school today.. but I am not sure if I can make it now. bye. 
@WNithin So gruesome and gory...  WTF... is United Nations doing? Why is it still not interfering???
@yliesan 250K. So expensive. Cuz from calo. The official one is only 100K 
It's absolutely pouring down outside... no chance of heading out to enjoy nature on Yule...  So tea and the internet it is!
Zito's! And i have tv again. 
@KRY5 @sumichu So... no throwdown? 
@seminolegirl97 And probably crap ATT...but hard to separate the two.  So sorry. 
Well soo much for going to bed early... I just jail broke my old iPhone - Then got them confused and thought I had service on both! 
Next: Obese and Pregnant. This should be interesting. So dangerous! Ppl r not good to their bodies 
So Close, Yet So Far    Life Sucks 
@jeffjarvis A right?  Sure.  They have the right to charge, and we have a right to go elsewhere.  Poor NYT.  
I found myself watching season 5 of Weeds and was extremely let down. So it is true when they say that all good things come to an end. 
Awe freshman year book from colony highschool  I miss Ontario sometimes. Actually it's real ghetto now I'm glad I left safley
@Quaalude714 It's 11am on dad's day! 1st one without dad  So glad u said hi ;-) Thanx friend ...
Seriously? All my ringtones are gone? Ugh. So not cool. 
I'm just up. So much to do today, and then I have to LEARN Chemistry, module tomorrow. 
@drumstickboy Ohgod,  I feel sad for you. Anyway, D&amp;T work completed? 
@vickyhanlon Haven't found it, it didn't come inside following Persia. :/ So I think it's scaredy again 
@alixwilliams Yup  For the next week or two, everyones gone home, where as I can't, haha
Getting ready for church.  Bonnie wet her bed and then kicked me out of mine. So and now Im up at 5 
@Felix_Heinze So, I must go now  We can twitter later and we have enough time in French 
Hmmph. Having trouble Convincing laptop to boot from the leopard DVD in ext. drive. Tries ~5 times then gives up and boots to OS X 
But it's his first father's day after losing Armstrong  So we are all trying to make it the best it can possibly be!
@elizabethemily ugh. Actually no.  next time?
@savagestar Anyway, me neuriase ligo o trent poy eipe oti den toy aresei h europh  mallon h germanoi moshers sta festival ftaine.
Ugh. Omg. So tired 
@Yayaa Oh no! So sorry to hear it. Guess it's not exactly a happy fathers day at your house... 
@mamamavs you are so sweet! Actually haven't been sick in awhile, so I guess I was due  just a bad cold, better today thank goodness!!
@Kristiealley So sad  http://bit.ly/zK7Bb
@TweetyPieeeTGP  So sad about your puppies hunney   . Lof choo!
@yarmalade oh no! So sorry, Carmen  prayers and positive thoughts coming your way.
@geniechiefette Yup  We have 'wotsits' though, they're pretty much the same. Its like Vanilla Coke stopped being sold here 
@pyrohotdog fjdkls;a And i've got zero computers. The one I'm using has to go back in a couple weeks. 
@ electricbath Eewwww. Gross! So sorry hayward hates you like that. 
Soooo tired...Zzzzz....So warm wit dis humid weather,hard 2 sleep!! 
Sad Really: All the rooms are booked...  so my recording marathon has been halted.. However, my writing marathon shall start now....
@Vasilicious @rsjewell Luckily I'm still able to run, but the PT is keeping me from canoeing.   Wondering if the Jameson is prescribed?
@FireStarterAxel Ack  But it's not like i can open my phone while being tied up! XP Besides, you know you think I'm cute ;)
@JakeTAustin I can't call you because I live in Canada So badd 
Wardrobe sorted! So many clothes! Now gotta travel back to swansea and sort out that shit hole of a house 
Oh no - So Much Homework  FAIL
@b50 I used Gravity myself,bt unfortunately its paid  So I hd to dump it &amp; moved on to twibble,which ain't as cool.
Just watched the Pushing Daisies series finale on the DVR. So sad it was canceled. 
@AngieLaLa Wow. So sorry about your friends mother, &amp; their famil &amp; especially her. My deepest prayers. 
@DonnieWahlberg so sad I didn't get to hug you in person during my 5* in Toronto  So I guess I will send you twugs &amp; twisses instead!Luv U
@Philly_Phan So, good news, I'm gonna get u an awesome bday prsnt. Bad news, I'm flat broke &amp; have to wait for 6/30 paycheck. I'm sorry. 
Off to go put the rabbit in.... And dreading it, I have an angry rabbit 
My fat ass is too a)fat b)broad shouldered &amp; c)big boobed to fit in the closed MRI. So what do I do? Drown my sorrows in food. I suck 
I Swear To God That If This Does Not Make U Cry Then U R NOT Human!  http://tinyurl.com/msvm5q But Seriously Im In Tears Here  Goosebumps.
Transformers premiere tonight....NOT going to be good! So busy 
[Tag] So, I filed for divorce. I can't take this anymore 
@Krylon77 So sorry about your friend.  I know how that feels. It's even worse when they're young.
Graduations make me so nostalgic  Congrats Len!!!! So proud!! Hmmm this makes me want to graduate...what to do?!
@ckellyireland7 Nooope. :/ *sigh* REALLY wanna go to Germany buuut hav no $!!  So tryin to make som so I can go soon. Lol. An u??
Some prosti-tots stole my phone. So I had to go back to my old one. Gah. Call/text me?  Or message me for my number?
AGH!So many people are tweeting about transfromers 2 and I havent seen it yet 
@ericasadun FYI, Since the beginning of last week, I have had only one full day with 3G (6/23). So much for being reliable 
@tvdnews Yeah. As did #Reaper some weeks. Which is why I really, really wish they'd have given them another season. 
Bleh.. So bored.. It's lights out but i can't sleep 
I can't even imagine how the two journalists in N. Korea can lose 15 lbs when they're already so skinny to begin with. So sad 
Mosquito bites on my feet! So itchy!! 
Once again no 3g.. Can't it never stay for 2 days  Anyway.. Taking a shower and having a breakfast 
@JohnGreenaway Hey, congratulations, you received my first eye roll of the day. Though I concur that my tweet was semantically ambiguous 
Feel like I've just been dragged out of bed by my hair! So tired 
earflap hat progresses well.. i might be &quot;over-thrumming&quot; though, which is a bummer, but oh well. Anyway. i've used all my roving 
Ok. So that whole sleep thing didn't work  &quot;You give me the most gorgeous sleep that I've ever had...&quot;
@SaminaV Your up? And I aint been to bed yet... 
@CAKEZINNI Actually, I misspoke. Closets. I have to leave things at my mothers because all cant fit in mine currently  I wanna see yours!
@Thydowager Anyhow only? 
Having a condufes shcool day. I'll be leaveing denmark tonight and can't tweet for 2 weeks.  Anyway... keep twitting, KTBSPA! #BSB
Bah. So much for no delays on a406  henly's corner disagrees
Im still lying in bed. So tired this week 
@ArvintheMAC OMFG I just saw the video of you hitting that goat.. So messed up!!! 
@hornerakg I just can't believe they don't pick U for the Tour. So damn sad 
@Extremo So, what about thse of us who didn't get one? 
@annaliese_sarah haha we're doing this play Educating Rita. So lame  for trials we got to know 4 essays and 1 story, its torture! lol
I miss my cats. Seriously. So much that I'm going thru their pictures at work. 
OM f!&amp;$%#? G! So i in to listen to some music on my i pod on the way to campus only to find out that all my music had been erased. 
@JonathanRKnight You still in pain with ya PERIOD..?!!Lol  So you ready for some girl talk...lemme know i'm here..need a shoulder today.. 
@MyClothngCalndr Actually, I guess I can't DM you, since you're not following me. 
@sciencegoddess Oh no! That's terrible! So sorry to hear about the -80C loss  Sad to say but the TA is probably more easily replaced 
@The_Real_Shaq Truly going to miss you in Phoenix! So sad!!! 
rest in peace Farrah! So sad 
Whatta mess! We should have won this! Anyways, not bad after all! We won another series abroad. 
Mmmm.. Page France.. If you don't know them.. you should   lyrical brilliance
Ok so I lied... Late night cravings and George Lopez got the best of me. Lol. So much for community service tomorrow 
@Shantymanfan I got your package! Wow, I'm so excited! My very own one! So, do I plant it in a pot for now, and water it till it grows? 
@zeet75 Hahaha. ) I'm taking HRIM.  So I think it's only basic math. 
@DrBaher I love that list to tick people off. Actually quite a number I already enjoy from time to time or at least they crossed my mind 
@cavorting All  here. Alwys lvly 2 spk w/u Awww If I cld, Id giv u a fut massaj... Awww so sweet. TY YW Heres another (((( @cavorting ))))
@TechWraith @Mettadore Yup. As I've said before: &quot;If it has an API, we'll dashboard it.&quot; 
@andrew_goodman oops, I mean best thing I've read lately about *PPC*  Frankly, the Dune series is better lol ;-)
@paulissima It's just a toolbar with a set of functions, not very special. Actually it's not that specifically useful for a translator. 
@TreoBenny So ur not a mac fan like @Renato71 
@suesshirtshop It's mid Autumn here. Feels like winter though  So cooooold!
@RhapsodyCoach Indeed! Takes the mind off the exercising, which I guess could be good or bad. FWIW, I'm enjoying them. 
@zparcell Hee hee. Then I am a trendsetter  Just now listening to you image a PSA. So weird.
@fuzzcat RE WotC: So true. That is the first tweet that I have wanted to favorite.  Congrats.  
I finished a song last night with my hubby and my bro! Finally.. Ive been trying to figure this one out for weeks now 
Hanging with one of my favs in Texas.  So sweet, so fun.
@FINALLEVEL So awesome to have you on 12seconds. I'm one of the founders. Huge fan of SVU! Enjoy the site 
Apple Pie! Yes, again! Costco? Oof. So much?! 
@Thehoofer Huzzah! I'd love to. So much superhero paraphernalia! 
Funny sales videos:  http://tinyurl.com/c9a6w8  &amp;  http://bit.ly/ddWXZ.  Naturally I prefer the latter. 
@Zrinka Here is. And it's so shiny. 
@Nisha_xo Haha yeahhh  - She's got like 1,234, So I've got just under 200 updates left.. If I finish today, I'm a complete legend, haha 
@djmobeatz Yea If it sound good then most likely We had something 2 do with 
@BawldGuy Thx! If I use it sparingly, it might even last the rest of the month! 
my mommy mad some bomb ass potatoes with cheese! mmmmmmmm...its such a fuckin nice day in So Cal today! 
@Why do you want a million followers? It' s not about the quantity of your followers but the quality of your followers!  Exactly right 
@Clouds2287 Hm. So I take it the essays are not going so well right now? Perhaps a swap? I have nothing left to lose lol 
@kperry Okay! If you want i can try again! 
@E_Hearts_DAY26  So.. What are you up to?
@britneyspears I was at the show last night!!  AMAZING!  So glad I was able to go!!  
Goodnight fellas  Although, I'm as close to sleep as the Govt. is to reforming gun control. Ergo, not close 
Watching Quantum of So ice. This is going to br a long night! 
@Jamaipanese AHA! So thats what you look like   How tall are ya sir?
Morning! Only 7:18am here, but I'm working!  Anyway have a good day everybody!
@JimAlger Exactly the kind of answer I expected, you truly are awesome  
@reimund Reeeimi! I'm so sorry. I restarted my computer and forgot to start Twinkle. So here I am 3 hours later  What are you up to now?
@Shella_Bella So it would appear.  
@Mlss0 Oh man! More time in Mexico? So terrible!    Just kidding, hope everything works out okay.
@bevashwell  It doesn't get better. So funny!!! Couldn't have happened to a nicer bloke. 
I'm going to the DODGER GAME!!! So excited!!! And then din din with strikingly gorgeous tia at Yamashiro! Today is gonna be a good day 
@Ferchi_Kaos Sis! So how come I didn't know you were here?! I found you through @groundctrl lol 
@Flaav  Exactly! 
@rubyyhuang Haha, how come? Anyway have a great first day of school! 
Ephesians 5:8 &quot;For once you were full of darkness but now you have the light for the Lord. So live as people of light!&quot; 
@ej_smith Nonono, YOUR so cool. I looked at it and thought as much. So we are both happy 
waiting for that good answer from Huawei! Actually, hoping that it's good  come on, im excited and unpatient!
@tezindenver Well, the Windows thing was sort of a joke.  However, I've replied more seriously on my blog at www.tinyurl.com/sbblog1.
@hen4 Looks good  What a beautiful Collie  So sweet!!!
@gardeninggeeks wow you're my first follower.  I assume that's from my Oprah message. lol.  Anyway, thanks. 
@shagarty Yeah, days off are hard to come by.  Friday I canoed for 2 hours and biked for one!  So it is possible 
$9.95 seems like the most expensive shipping ever... Whats up with that?! @timbuk2   Anyway... I ordered another bag 
@sunspot_mike So do two nights in Mpls instead! 
says This weather is so weird. So much rain in the middle of April. Oh well, at least malamig.  http://plurk.com/p/p68j5
@skelliot @joel_birch Haha, fine... Actually, I have a good idea for an article I could send them... 
@Cianmm Exactly...and this was nothing like that, at all. 
Trying out Tweetie. So far, so good 
Making the drive back to Canada...So check out www.pinksugardesserts.com in the meantime! You'll be glad you did 
@numberfortyfour Yay!  So thinking about Portland before abq? Road trip! XD
@Artemis_Neith So...after the first coffee is okay? 
Have you listened It's Alright, It's Ok by Ashley Tisdale? If no, listen..you'll love! And the music video is awesome. She look gorgeous 
Finally got the 3rd album, First Neighbours.  So Canadian. 
There is a milk thief (or 2) amongst us. Somebody finished off my milk. So I reciprocated and became milk thief #2. Sorted. 
@pviktor Yup, again, it-girl who will eventually fade away. Remember Tiffany? From the 80's? Exactly 
I bought white Converse!So wonderful 
@Axigy. So So Lucky Yew. Aww loving it actually. 
Banana island!! So good. 
@itsjustlow I look tired. Anyways, I'm so proud of my patchwork!! 
@JasonKennedy1 So, ever been to Honduras? its such a lovely and beautiful country! 
Finally going to bed before 3! And happy to see anderson cooper's face before sleeping as well 
@JasonKennedy1 Actually, you ARE a bit hotter than Seacrest! 
@jillmccloghry How amazing is our Coast. So gr8 to now have u in my world   LOVE xxx
@nique22 Stay safe on the drive. I know it's not pretty outside right now. My Fam comes from IF, So I know the trip and place well. 
@kenarmstrong1 Actually I was wanting to see if you wanted to wash my car!    I hate cleaning the car.
@nicolerichie U are hillarious!!  I love Grease 2!  So cheesy yet so amazing! 
@SavageJohn mmm...such sweet Poetry.  So i see you like twitter.
@Fearnecotton Hey, can you play 'Know your enemy' by Greenday? So excited about seeing them in October!! 
@LeslieRoark Oh thats the worst...a couple fighting in public!  So annoying! 
@KiwiBeck So it's a JBJ night on my ipod and I am LOVING it! 
@johnnycrich they even have a class on it at Emerson? Anyway I want to learn it too, it's great for crazy interactive a/v stuff too 
rt: If U lk the help and luv I'm gving U, please share me w/ yr Tweeps  If I haven't helped U yet, ask and I'm thr ;)
@startonomics Yup! Although I am damn lazy to go check it out! Been there, seen that mentality! 
Hippikajee!.. Today i will be going to do... Nothing!  Yes! first Sunday For Like Ever Where i do NOTHING! 
@kazwccsocialnet I guess lunch time is over there, i.e. I cant leave now. Anyway, thanks 
God will help us to solve our problem. So no worries and keep Tweeting 
@ExtremeDevil178 So do I.. it's fun  xP
just watched 2 episodes of JONAS in Youtube  So veryvery happy!! kay tats lame. haha.
@jurgenappelo Yeah I saw. Luckily I don't have time to actually use my camera. So I haven't damaged any ecosystems yet 
@jradruss I bet ya'll are INCREDIBLY glad to be home! haha  You looked and sounded great on Oprah though!!  So amazing she rescued ya'll
Mmmm Tiny Teadies!!  Ahh the chocolatey teddy goodness. i love biting their little legs and arms off first  So they cant get away...
OMG! So many followers!! Thank you!!!!! But, haha, I still want more =D You guys should make me feel like @mileycyrus and @taylorswift13 
@mileycyrus I really want to come, but I live in Denmark. So that's maybe going to be a little bit hard! hehe 
@Emma300 Hehe!! Nevermind, like I said you took some great piccies to  So any plans for the bank holiday Monday?
@stevesaylor Thanks.  Hah...So say we all.  
To let everyone know. Everything is going great. If it wasn't I would be calling you all  So no worries. Super excited, great tme.
@linehan Hiya!! So you enjoyed your day then..did you get the bbq or was weather too crappy? 
@GeminiTwisted Whatever....I sent her presents today.   What did you do?!?!?!  LMFAO
Anyhow night all 
I'm home alone watching Grey Gardens with my dog. So maxin' 
@AngelIbarra FUCK YES, I'm in  So So So Soooo excited for knives. You have no clue hahaha
@danielho ohhh... yeah - that's no good then. Eeeps! Anyway, good night and have a wonderful tomorrow 
@clamchowder Haha. Actually, I managed to get two twice. But I gave it away to other fans.  I only needed one. ;-P
Oky So the grandperents just went out cause my Granda is going to drive , he missed it when he was in hostipal 
Oh also today we must remember that it is Hoppusday. So happy Hoppusday  Yes I said it yesterday but it changed okay?
Oh, and now Mondays also mean new American Dad!  So glad I watched that show, so funny, and it makes Mondays even better 
Finally, im back online! I miss my lappy. So many things to follow up. Starting with Ning... Haha. 
@andysowards andy!! It's great this am. About to wall over to the first day of An Event Apart! So exciiiiiiiting.  How r u mate?
@teddyrised Oh, that's bad. I made that mistake once before but still managed to pass though. So maybe it isn't as bad as he thinks? 
@czarinas78 Ah  So you've seen both. (Either way, you get to experience the fantasy of sound and shock waves in the vacuum of space. Heh.)
Just picked up my copies of the printed brochures I did for the BWRC. So excited 
@pseudosophical YAY YOU! So proud of you!  and I'm not even being sarcastic. Even though you told me to shut the fuck up.
Thanks to all the people who added me on Skype  If you want to add me, my name is same as my twitter name, and my YT name, and Blogtv, etc
is watching Because I Said So 
Downing a glass of ginger ale and then relishing an early evening in bed with &quot;Because I Said So&quot; on Lifetime.  
@josieinthecity LOL!  good men watch the flicks w/us and just sigh!  this is a good flick so far it's called &quot;Because I Said So&quot;
@barnaby3 I saw them a few on this tour a few months ago in Boston. So good! Glad you finally got to see them 
@Padmasree So are you going to watch Star trek or Wolverine..? I bet you are going to watch both  Right?
@J14magazine HaHa i Forgot...It'll Probably Be On Youtube...So I'll Watch It Later 
Have space right next to the rack for another one. So plenty of space for CCNA,CCNP,CCIE lab! 
@cyberprvideo heard of. And you're the first to mention him to me! 
@tommcfly You're welcome!  Actually, the all Swedish fans are trying to get McFly to  us! We are very close now 
@misterfuji I've always been pretty athletic, I especially love b-ball. Anyway, yeah I can run 
@Lukevdp Actually people were more decisive than that. 
@Emmieman So ur moomie liked the Pandora? you can buy me one next lol 
@Shouq So you have to call the Customer Care .. or try to enter any wrong pw and see the result , is it &quot;invalid user name or password&quot; ? 
going out with my tita gi, sister and my beloved lola! Were going to treat her for dinner! Wohoo... So excited and hungry... 
is developing a script that remove all friends from 360.yahoo. Anyway, yahoo sucks 
@jacobm #Linked In and Barack. Yep found out while ago. Asked him to join my network, no reply yet, go figure  But good thing!
@GoalieDave Actually, swearing is one of my worse habits.  @DPinky Thanks. I appreciate it. I think.  Wait. What?
Just finishing vacuum cleaning the house with our new Dyson, So much fun to see the result in the dyson 
I just love Californication ! So funny  #californication
is so tired. Anyway, happy mothers day! 
@nystacey I have to. Anyway, have fun with laundry 
Just asked @AlyssaSong to prom and she said YES. OMG  So excited ;D Now... what to wear...
@sammythewizzy Yea! That's the usual story. Anyway, ATB!  Just two more days and yippiiee! CDC's done forever. 
(Cont) just that..... THE PAST!!!! So glad I got my FlyGuy! He Always makes me smile!!!! 
forgot how much i love &quot;Because I Said So&quot;...great movie 
Anyway, goodnight mommys' &amp; everyone else 
'Because I Said So' on lifetime is the perfect mother's day movie 
@CausticCayla  So do I get to wear one of your super fancy hair flowers at Texas Burlesque Fest?  
@DonnieWahlberg So everyone is involved? Like ALL pictures and videos? Or just finalists? 
Ahhh!! So close! Come on allison 
All you LOST-watchers suck. I'm just now heading home from work, and I'm still an episode behind. So keep your traps shut! 
GOODNIGHT!  Church was SO good. Then @Juliamark's dance was SICK!  Now, im going to call her, and talk to her!  I'll tweet...
@davidarchie Wow, the shows must've been great! So how are you doing in Philippines? 
@LusySunsetGirl So hello, Stranger  Thanks for the well-wish. Here's hoping for a new great friendship 
@ddlovato Hahaha I Love It When That Happends!!!! And Im Pretty Sure You Should Come To New Zealand  x
safely in Cape Town!!!! So beautiful and the people are absolutely amazing. Prasie GOD for the trip of a lifetime 
@ppk oh, I see. Anyway, thanks for what you're doing. And btw, your book was worth every penny 
@tomatoboi aw ): Apparently they are! Fingers crossed! WE'VE GOT TO SEE THEM! If they do come, you're not allowed to bail. Promise?  &lt;3
@_Tahlia_ So, bodypainting solo?  Enjoy the evening.
@Scifleet @storylet Hello gentlemen.   I heard my name!  So who just woke up?
@HP_Lovecraft So you're trapped in an airport bookstore????? 
@sedruola. Foundation is a start and a solid plan. Anyway, tweet later...must run...enjoy your day 
Such a man does not exist...  they do in Melbourne. So weird, gp host city yet every man I meet is &quot;F1? cars s.. http://tinyurl.com/r6vw2e
@writingwildly Blind luck, as usual ; ) Actually, she wuvs me 
@themaggers I love C-f-a!  Actually one of the healhier fast food chains.  But I know what you mean 
serious Egyptian Diva stuff going on! So glad I'm responsible for the Americans 
@brandonmuth Thriller...a little Sci-Fi? So far that's what I'm getting 
Beautiful day here in So. Cal.  
http://bit.ly/dmOEi   Actually, I made the url longer.. wahaha... 
@andrewho well i am a teacher.  But I also nanny.  Hence the working on a saturday night  Alright pay for an easy night when kids go 2 bed
@JalissaMunoz Yea It's So Painful! =( Thx Bestie! 
@DavidArchie It's such an honor to have you here in the Philippines! Actually, the wallpaper in my laptop is your picture in the presscon 
@LifeCoachMary  So coach, let me get this right. I am answ. your  PT query and U are out having  great time. Oh well...U deserve a break 
@J_Gill1 So happy to see you're part of the 1,000 follower club now! Haha! 
@StephCyrus09 What With The  And You Never Like Me And I Never Like You We Wer Fake Friend Ok So Bye
Poker Face with lyrics: http://bit.ly/igsGM  | So geekie! 
OMG. So tired after confirmation. YAY! 
@gillsays Doubt you're able to drag yourself up that early? So I'll see you straight at 930 for breakfast. 
@millenomi Anyway, that was only design practice 
@geekachu Maybe we should try it out, hur hur. Actually, it sounds really lame. 
@ste_routledge I can't remember, i'm usually too drunk. Actually, no, i'm kidding. 
In a thoughtful mood today. Just had a McDonalds. So bad but so good. Going to the movies later 
@M_Werkmeister has finally officially made twitter, take your time! Anyways I have this in the bag 
I'm Leaving for Penn State now! So excited! 
@deathangel3030 Yup! What else can I say? lolz 
I'm turning in. And I feel good tonight  Sweetdreams babies xx
@x_Beckiie_x HaHa Yep :L #jonasparanoid Its SO Cute Though I Love Lucas Till Now  X
@leightonmarissa Hi  So we are like your biggest fans, we are obsessed with GG. We love your style. Please reply. love CECELY AND LILAH x
@italylogue Cool.  So is it at that point we can laugh and make fun?   Congrats though.
@Sipperana So, did you add Swaffham? 
@butterflysong Actually the adults are allowed on this jungle gym it's huge   And balls too cuz it's a big tent where you throw big balls
@werewolf_paul Ok- I'm back with the brownies I made to signify our friendship!    So when are you going to destroy @_MikeNewton_ ?
when i get drunk i miss my ex  im gonna  lay off the sauce for awhile. lol  Anyway, getting ready for this movie set.  holla in a few
Part 3! Hehe. So whose hanging with us tonight?! 
@Nanners805 yeah   my mind is so powerful. So Youre in LA right now? Is it hot or cold?
@PerezHilton I love your photo! So cute 
Whew! Finally got the preliminary clean done. So glad to be on my own 
@stumclaren   Hey Stu - So cool to meet you at #continuitysummit  - thanks for letting me  bend your ear  and I hope to stay in touch!
@wethetravis http://twitpic.com/5eibi - it can alway's be Arigato's?? And that stuff alway's entertain's me!! 
@madlymint Your a Baller! So kinda like... and inbetweeney! 
@JonathanRKnight hope you enjoyed your meal.  So sorry SOME people wouldn't leave you be.  Glad I could be of service = napkin. 
@PrinceEddy Exactly, getting to the callbacks is a miracle in itself. 
Morning folks  Looks a litle bleak outside. Considering working from bed today....Mmmm...
@MichelleWKwan Yay! So is the great Kwan back???  Awesome! I'll certainly be looking forward to that!! ;)
(@funkmasteralexx) I have a raisin in my pants. Anyway, good night 
Whoa! look at that, my last update has been my 50th. So happy ! and this.. my 51st lolx  peace
@cliffhangernlv Ah...So it was no big...Funny how people freak out about these things tho! 
@AdoreMeIfUPlz Btw..I blieeeeve its The Fray.. Jst in case u give a care.  Hearts and hugzzzz!!! Lol.
@SinnamonLove  So ma'am i decided i needed to start writing again, and you motivated me in your own way, by just being you .. so ty! 
@smoove20famous Ha ha, how sweet of u! I'm aight. Really going to bed now tho :oP So tweet me up tomorrow or sumthin  G'night!
YESSSS!!! They uploaded 2 episodes of Code Geass R2  So happy atm... I can tell its gonna be a late night
@queenbean99 True... XD So then... A kiwi? 
Hmmm, email down.  Network down.  Luckily the Internet is working 
just finished watching season four of Grey's Anatomy! So good 
@vmlemon instead of just popping your head in the office round the corner Argh!!!!!!! Hence, nobody phones up anymore 
@Jennaa17 I love you too Jenna! So Much. 
@JonasFanJade Well, sorry! I didn't know. Haha  So she loves the JB? Which of the three does she like most?
@Schroedinger99 @jackofkent  So far, so good.
@Hannais well, your way to twitt...are u studying? Anyway your english is quite good 
@jun6lee strange... Anyway how r u 
@TALAdaldal Actually, it helped that I forgot what happened in the book. It made me less critical and more forgiving. Who were you with? 
@IrishLad585 I like this guy from head toe  know &quot;Ace Ventura&quot; ? So funny...
@shiieee Ahh. So ganun pala. Thank you mare. 
Will be off line 4 few hours - back later. 2 my #TwitterSlimmers - We can do this!  So NO cheating while I am away!  
@jmahn13 Congrats on graduating! You look awesome  And lawyer-esque!
@fietotheien i'll officially enjoy summer next week ^^!! can't wait!!! Anyway, goodluck for ur exam 
Survived the meeting, all is well in the media garden of eden.  So hungry whats for lunch?  Trying to be good but will proberly fail 
Working off last nights Katsu Curry on the wii fit today! ha. Well...thats the plan! Then a twilight fix i think! 
Ok. So what did I miss last week being away and down with the flu? (Not THE flu, thank god. Just a flu.) 
@SensualStories The garden was yesterday for me. Wet &amp; windy here so I'm better off indoors at work. Anyway, enjoy! 
Morning!!! Ahh I feel good.. Well rested.  So what its Monday and that's my hell day ? ... I'll be out of that soon enough ... 
Blowing The Prodigy's Omen out of my speakers to wake myself up a bit! http://bit.ly/1T2gU   So much energy! 
Hmm, So 2 more weeks until the answer of who made the FSDT is annouced 
I was thinking to take a walk with my dog this morning but i'm really tired and i feel cold... So yea... Next time. 
@ACIMLTD ~So glad to remind you of happy times. LO is still beautiful &amp; peaceful. 
@JamekaShamae Indeed. I'm focused, trying to make major moves. 
@TIPthaILLSPIT Loll. You were !  And I MIGHT be. I'm not gonna lie and tell you yes. Lol. If I get a fulltime job and get the fulltime pay
@Paulpb So is Madonna, allegedly 
@_hikky I just noticed, I have the same Samsung monitor as you.  Actually I think alot of people have this one. Isn't it nice?
@saffrontaylor That's what i thought, too? Anyway, sent you a video that might put a smile on that pretty face! 
@LovingME8 ugh that sucks ... But RhiRhi is playing -&gt; Im Breaking Dishes!!!!! So that should make u smile!!  love u!
I declare this Z-land... and today we have a day off. So everybody meet up in your favorite place. Bring blankets 
@DickeryUnlmtd Exactly! 
@r0ckergirl14 Go buy more.  Haha. Actually, no, don't. That's gonna be a lot of sugar. ;)
@CiaoBella50 Hooray! So glad I can brighten your day 
Can't sleep. Therefore I will work on the website. So thankful that Bobby has helped so much w/ this. Grandma would have LOVED him! 
@NeoGzus  I got the t-shirt today!~ ITS BEAUTIFUL~!  ThanksYou So Much!~  x x x
@mrijn Hm. So what if you merely _appear_ incompetent?  Thanks for the video, excellent!
Press Releases are also very important for SEO. So guys, Write  a press release for your company now and get benefited from google... 
No More School For a Week, Im So Happyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
@kervich I've used NSXMLParser and NSURLRequest  before  Anyway, thx for the reference.
@WParenthetical Indeed. I'm thinking almost no-one wants a friend to mention politics in such a discussion - appreciate your bias. 
@fireball0093 OK, so I won't re-restore it this afternoon  Anyway, what is the app you're looking testers for?
@HalexGSD ..... So what you're REALLY saying is you've seen a lot of Dick before your wedding 
So, I called her back and checked on my order. And she said...? &quot;Oh, sorry we didn't have any Garlic So we couldn't do it!!! Is it me? 
@trappersherwood Hi!! So you are there! Have a great day!! 
@amylong Nope. This is a personal one and lots of them have already donated  I should have DM'd that probably...
@CurvaceousDee So does she kiss as well as me? Inquiring minds and all 
I just picked up my visa today.... Everything's done..... Can't wait till August.... So excited!!! Thank god... 
is TGIF!!!!! So glad its a long weekend too 
@3CB So what did you find out? Who's male and who's female? Lest you send a tweet recommending a lingerie shop to the wrong person 
@perpetualspiral Hey. So how did Citrus War Part 2 go? 
@damnpenguins ah, wow, lots going on! So when is the move? Everything is good here! Nice to see you tweeting 
@BengaluruHuDuGa Congratulations to you both! So girl it is 
Whew! Finally all back on the bus. So sore. But grad night was fun 
4 this week my exams R over. So I translate some pk cr. sys, of course congruence-theory...  Btw, my roses R the most beautiful 1s (L) 
@kinci Oh! What's the place called? I'd like to work in a coffee shop or bookstore. Even better? A bookstore with a coffee shop. Haha. 
It is SO interesting to find out how long you've lived in DAYS. Apparently I've lived for 6806 days. And counting, hopefully. 
@raouldejongh @MybrandedlifeTM @nickjackson @jontyfisher Ok well come to the next #27dinner &amp; ask the #vitaminwater guys? As will I 
Thank you @mamakatz and @5OrangePotatoes. So nice to wake up to well wishers  Feeling lovely today. Park date with other homeschoolers!
@peterjrday Thanks 4 d comment. Anyway, it's great to know more in order to improve relationship &amp; brings it to a next level 
@Tiggrr1 Actually @mocha59 was the one who told me about it. 
@CollegeAffair Actually it's tomorrow night! You scared me for a minute... 
@RIVER_ISLAND Yay!!!    So exciting!! x
!@Wolfrum So ... are you saying one time Skagway actually had news? (I kid because I love.  )
And still life suprises me sometimes. Anyway, good morning! I got a certain feeling today's going to be better! 
@CirculatingLib Actually I am something far more terrifying, stealing the voices of the masses in order to tortuously sale 7 milks. 
@sodaly What!?! You are not monitoring ALL my tweets. Sheesh, So... 
Mmmm.. Having yummy sushi 
@SU2C So fill me in on what you guys actually do.. I'd LOVE to help 
@AmmerieRain Hehe. So tell me or Don't Mention it. 
@johnnybarry @TrishaBarry So when WILL @TrishaBarry be pregnant again??? Baby Jude wants a playmate 
@EveSieminski So Poles drink so they'll feel better the next afternoon? No hangover from vodka right? I've seen different 
safe at home, gots a yummy burger that I can't finish. Actually can't wait to work tomorrow so I can listen to new music. 
@Vinetown  Exactly, scary!  That's why I appreciate your help, makes the scariness manageable.  Thanks!
@kirstiealley OMG You tweeted me. This is so cool. I have a daughter in Afghanistan. She thinks you are fricken hilarious. So do I. 
Just downloaded Cooking Mama on my ipod! So much fun. 
@shoelover79 Yup!!! So happy! I already have one foot out the door. The rest of me is still tweeting 
Funny stories on twitter making 2nd AFD easier. Thanks all   And my money's on Carlton tonight.
@GrantSalvona Anyway, desktop OSes are so 90s  Inside 10 years it'll be all about the browser.
@sarapeedoo Lol okay!!! Whatever you know it's done maaang hehehe ;p Thanks and good night! We celebrated it on Skype HAH! Ktnxbai 
@HeavyRideatVIVA So there's a chance TH will be there? 
@joliechose U'R HOME U'R HOME!Ok,I stay calm XD So I can spam U with Rafa now.Awwww sweet 
