Most common words for this cluster:
[('soccer', 152), ('team', 136), ('football', 104), ('tennis', 103), ('club', 91), ('baseball', 65), ('golf', 59), ('basketball', 55), ('sports', 54), ('softball', 46), ('today', 45), ('hockey', 45)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'soccer', 0.7770488262176514), (u'football', 0.7710321545600891), (u'basketball', 0.7269601225852966), (u'tennis', 0.7065515518188477), (u'Soccer', 0.6831587553024292), (u'baseball', 0.6793537735939026), (u'hockey', 0.6772574782371521), (u'volleyball', 0.6757671236991882), (u'baskeball', 0.6747774481773376), (u'fooball', 0.6738964319229126)]





i think my arms are sore from tennis 
@Wyldceltic1 He has Karate tournament in 8 weeks  
happy for Coach Stringer (HOF c/o 2009!)...now if I can only finish my term paper on her 
off to go play some badminton, then walk grandads dog, then back to revising!!!! 
And lost my next tennis round 
@silkywoven Sadly that's true! Football is definitely better than cricket 
@ChronandEcho Your sports editor never got back to me 
@Glinner awwh I feel dirty now, having followed an amateur armando  damn fakes!
needs a fix from Pitt &amp; Putt or Swimming! 
@newslava welcome to the club 
is not happy with his team 
2-2 against a team we outshot 25-5 
is working at Region 5 Gymnastics meet while everyone else is enjoying the beautiful sunshine!! 
No youth baseball games today here..rained out 
instead of voluntiring at international karate tournament I have to work. the tournament would be more interesting 
@katieradka I have to shoot baseball  What are you singing?
Tennis pratice today  but i dont have to stay 4 the whole thing yay  lol
my football(soccer) team lost 2-0 need to win remaining games to stay up 
Soccer went well, and i didn't die!  actually had some good stops and played a role in a couple scores (for both sides!!!!)  
@inka_one basketball is on the bottom of the totem pole when it comes to sports for me... but yeah, good tough win. cavs tho 
i SUCK at badminton 
Just became 3 shades darker from playing soccer 
Typical! I have to drink more, before the club opens. I'll be asleep soon, 
@patosullivan I remember when i was your tennis partner 
@JMMARob I feel your pain on the sports team. I have the same issue. 
Oh noes. I just found out why Cons Skate shoes are so hard to find. Financial issues, and bought out by Nike. 
up early to go diving and i'm cold already 
@goatsworth ... You're too kind! But, alas, I was a spectator and not a participant. 
@ryohakkai shaolin soccer was better imo 
just woke up. about to go see my friends play a football game (soccer)  it's early 
@GreerMcDonald Rugby was fun, but wow I'm sick!  Movies and soup tonight.  Probably tomorrow, too.
back from football/soccer i need to crack on with some coursework 
Arrrrrrrrg! Football and F1 on at the same time!!! Now I have to make a decision  !
I really hate Sundays. Soccer game later but I can't play thanks to my damn foot 
Hyperextended knee playing basketball... not so fun 
@thefallguy The referee never scores 
@ClaireT_U2 my team lost 
scrimmage for flag football today - we lost 
At home my brothers baseball tournament was cancelled the fields were flooded!!!     I was looking forward to a baseball weekend!!!
Just got a great workout from basketball. Some little punk 10 year olds kicked us off the court though 
@cakelulu Definitely! They're still showing tennis... 
I'm so ready for basketball, too bad my b-ball buddy can't come 
Why do tennis matches have to be this early?! I just want to sleep. 
The result of being a little too agressive in the volleyball tournament...I hurt  http://twitpic.com/3njky
I'm so sorry for the horses who died at the florida polo match. I hope it was fast and painfree.  heartbreaking.
Just lost our indoor soccer in a penalty shootout 
Tonsils the size of golf balls, sweating and burning up yet still shivering, headache, too weak to stand up = funfunfun 
hockey training was such a fail tonight, coach didn't even turn up and then had to go home 
just finished soccer training  sooo tired.
Finally watching women's pro soccer game. No skorts.      But hair is good:  http://tr.im/kgvG
@ColitoGigante i want to go to that club 
we lost in netball  but we'll win in tennis tomorrow.
is still soooo sore from athletics 
Shooting hoops. I am very sweaty now 
@farseeker LAAAME.  I want to go skating 
@jupitusphillip Do you know why 5 dropped the baseball? I'm absolutely gutted 
The Law on Industrial Action...or Golf....such a hard choice. 
snooker is the most evil sport ever  please jeebus let football be better to me!
I find the lack of hockey coverage in this state insulting 
gting rdddy, then piercing at ottawaaa! ... no soccer. again 
is enjoying a rainy day at home with the family. Soccer games canceled 
going to soccer this morning...had to bribe him to play...i think he's tired of his teamates 
playing a little limit cash while i watch my soccer bets get humped 
@BellaTerraRVRes Unfortunately it's been mostly raining since I arrived.  No tennis 
hasn't given up on golf.  Golf has given up on him. 
my second football team just got relegated  *cry*
@CalamityEnsues no tennis for you!  
is watching stick it, i miss gymnastics 
I want more adidas 
@daughterneck I wonder about that myself. Personally I find watching sports to much like sitting on the bench.  And I'd rather be playing.
stuffed from playing hockey! and we lost 
headache from soccer 
playing wii sports and loosing 
 I'm just the nine of clubs to benjamin.
I'm trying to play some basketball right now but noone's down 
@FatyaJunissa fat, I want to play golf but I can't swing it properly 
is being bored watching the hubby play soccer 
@AsianFetish SISTAHHHHHHHHHHHHH....you ain't ask me if I wanted to go to the club? 
Long day Pac layed out hatton Drose and the bulls didnt fair so well  but hey Blackjack, Basketball and Boxing overall a good day
wants to join a skateboarding clinic but its during soccer 
@Snowgirl1972 Football-related disaster. You wouldn't be interested 
has a kank thanks to the stupid whore on the other team!!!! still sick 
won netball - 2 against 14 but lost basketball - 12 against 24 
@xHaLeyT Ah yes....pfff I don't want play Volley...but I must...infortunatly 
stayed up too late last night.... volleyball tournament at 12:30. Last one 
Only french and japanese teams who skip lunch. 
No Baseball today  hope it is not another 4 weeks before we get to play again!
Softball: canceled 
Is gutted the blues lost in a rugby shootout  
on my way to the softball game!!!  got to stop at dunhams to get me some different softball pants.....  lol they was too small  
@ellynet how was wynwood social club elly? i wanted to see oriente 
Golfed, again, today! Basketball was canceled 
@jchoo001 i want to shoot some hoops too!!! 
Softball makes my back and organs hurt.  Why am...4 for 5, 2 runs, 1 RBI.  I rule!  9 for 11 on the season w/ 6 runs, but only 3 RBI.  
Cleats where I little too tight for football  http://myloc.me/t9w
I have four good golf balls in me before I tire. 
Sport HOmeowork 
Golf game continues to slide  seems the last month I just keep going backwards, Coach at the Heritage is really helping
@geniusboywonder  #FIFA #2010 #football #soccer #capetown they are almost gone 
By @takkie13 @geniusboywonder  #FIFA #2010 #-football #soccer #capetown they are almost gone 
i want to be in a club right now...getting fucked up!! 
so tired. lost soccer 
@TheBlondeTheory welcome to the club 
im so lost right now  Soccer cancelled for the weekend gah so bored talk to me 
I think I'm going to have to retire the basketball shorts I've had for about seven years.  
cycling to the pharmacy for some antibiotica, again  Cycling must be very slowly
@Fanster_Sports is on the blink again... 
soccer = lost  we were down a couple of players
@tvtongeren Welcome to the club of 30somethings  to which I unfortunately don't belong any more ... 
I wish I went to the cavalli club opening 
@AmyKachurak so here's my dilemma... I really don't want to get razzed by our team or the other team... flashbacks of elementary school 
Processing 2000 odd 5-aside football shots  At least I got paid for this
I think the writing may be on the cards already for this first football match 
While I remember: I have failed at fantasy football lately. I was at the top of my league for ever and am now struggling to get past 3rd. 
#Soccer whats going on   (Soccer live &gt; http://ustre.am/2h6G)
why do i always have to watch boring football 
ugh football trainin 
i dont look good in skinny jeans because i have big baseball player/wrestler legs. emo girls wont love me. 
@BBSBlazers What up baby!! Sucks about your team 
@ceciliabedelia go team  can't wait for reunionnn
softball '09 is over  already miss them!
@JohnHays I have no clue  Not a huge softball follower normally
I miss soccer. 
Just discovered: I need a physical for dance team... I'm going to get violated! 
Playing left4dead. It's taking forever to get a full team 
totally bruised my foot playin indoor soccer..  lol
Just got hit in the boob with a tennis ball 
Their team lost. 
not sure what to do at lunchtimes since the table football was removed 
@nicolerichie you need to replace your track ball.... 
It's not raining.. we should have gone bungee jumping, girl..  Rugby club is crazy..
@NKAirplay i refreshed the player since it stopped working for me.. now im locked out since its full 
Last volleyball touriment 
been sick all day  watching my girlfriend playing soccer is helping though!
lost hockey  - 3-1 down. the umpires were horrible, but ill will admit we didn't play near as well as we could have
Golf tournament today (not bethpage   but univ of mich course. Playing with Mandich family.
was smashed in supercoach...too many injuries 
is in to hour number 4 of the football marathon 
Just lost my glasses somewhere in the train, bus or at the inline hockey field 
i drank i smoked and went to a stipper club, i must be depressed 
Playing #football3s and not winning 
going to the final Lions' club breakfast.  our Lions' club is disbanding, due to lack of members. 
jaysus cristy it's hot on this coach. only 70 minutes to go! 
Oh no I had an accident at sport 
Golf is hard 
still not feeling well, slept through most of the football... i must be ill 
CAYSA canceled the rest of the soccer games.  
@foolinthetoon no probs glad it came in, must study rugby and cricket form for the summer 
Heading to paulas soccer game....with no sour starburst 
Pretty bumed about missing the Volleyball game tonight. 
would be heading to the club but got a flat 
why must an earthquake happen when I'm playing tennis?  wished i experienced it *pout*
I think i pulled a muscle at soccer training 
wants to play soccer/ basketball.... maybe go biking... my bike is broken... awww men... 
Should be playing basketball but stuck finishing an assigment 
celtic threw the league away 
@XEricaaaaa lets walk?? I can't go to the gym!! Netball practice 
Just played netball. 12 - 38... we lost lol 
Just swallowed a polo whole! not nice 
@thebig0  how can you dislike obama? he likes mustard! and hamburgers! and basketball!
@train_wreck  Handball for at least 3 hours.
@AllianceREGroup ill call u manana..my MLS was down  I wanna have all th info ready..plus inm drunk haha jk! http://myloc.me/1nlT
is gutted he's not playing Football this weekend 
So weak. Baseball lost. From walk-off 2R HR 
Is not playing Badminton..  
played tennis yesterday... cannot keep the level i had two years ago  that's problems with 56kg vs 63kg
showed up late to media and am now in a quiz team by myself 
Just rsalisdd going into. Coaching sesion a no brekkie 
i hate tim for being in the hockey team who is competing against gosford nct week. stupid billet or wateva it is kikin me outa mah room 
@blackblossom not good  is our team able to help?
@JoanneGrant join the club  what's up?
getting frustrated with my MLS key!!! 
says she miss playing Volleyball. A lot!  http://plurk.com/p/vhwyz
@OfficialWRC vid player not workin well 
@chaoschick13, @storyfan, @missmercyb I'm sorry I had to abandon ship last night.    I had SO much fun nattering about the Croquet idea!
speaking of Lacrosse... I should be @ NCAA Lacrosse Champ weekend but the NCAA is stupid and had it in Boston again 
http://twitpic.com/61bzg - No signal can't tweet!  stupid cricket
The Golf is no more... 
Missing the team!!! 
Watching soccer although isn't the finale I wanted, its been a while since I tasted a really good nachos, this aren't  good enough 
I have to go to work.... so tempted to bunk off to play Virtua Tennis 2009 more... 
Softball split. 1 win, 1 loss.  I love to play, but I'd really love to win with THIS team.
@SharonHayes Thank you for the rec but that doesn't work 
boring. i wanna go for taekwando 
@chasssss they got attacked by the club 
Football session after this.fun 
@DanKalbacher It won't EVER happen again...I feel like I let my team down 
@missonice join the club 
@eightwednesday @emilyhilleren I lost that membership when I got boosted to the 3 D club.  It's lonely.  
@jessner12 you suck majorly  i'm swamped...so why am I on twitter...I don't know...but still  a golf tournament?
 I quite like baseball and bball oh and the odd gridiron match that a tiny tiny part of the worlds population calls football
@jamiexvx join the club. 
i can't find my tennis racket!! 
is loving the half day! If only it wasn't raining.  Soccer Practice tonightt.
@don_iain well my team couldn't 
Thundershowers plus baseball equals awwww 
@SoccerGameBall i use to breathe soccer, live soccer.until i hurt my knee badly  sad day that was.pass my link around?
does anybody want to throw a baseball around with me? 
has a saw thumb from playing Virtua Tennis... 
acsvxdcbgfn soccer now. shall see young phoebe after D: I don't want her dressed up though 
I will miss the soccer moms 
@backstreetboys   why!!!! u have to bring it to you 24/7 like the @backstreet_team
Just got done with volleyball tryouts,  didnt do so well  i needs to step it up.
@CAGoodbred I wish I was riding with y'all and on y'all's team 
Basketball iz so much more interesting when my boo watches it with me!!!   Wake up hunny!
How sad, it's the only mens sport we can win a natl championship in 
currently trying to download media player 11 for xp and not getting far, my other media programme stoppped responding to me 
@StonerNation psh. i dont like sports.  but i do like nuggets!
this club is a fanny fest. 
played hockey, swear th other team had it out on us, they injured 3 of our playerz badly (me being 1 of then  )
@QBKILLA Warren!  I miss you! Football is not the same 
sup, ma! Baseball still, huh?  It's the playoffs, boo!!! Join us! @qcmartinez: what's up with everyone?
Hockey is almost done for the year 
@mendra Aw, i want to play soccer again 
I don't think i've ever missed playing sports more then right now... Its seriously torture 
@MadPeace2 I'm not really fond of bowling.  but I can show up 
lost footy and basketball today 
Karate..and getting maulled by a german shepard has drained me lol.. Trying to sleep with this headache 
@ThePiz I soooo suck at bowling. It's not even comedic. It's really quite sad.  also skating. And sports.
gah have been at Netball since 8:30 this morning... only just got back...its almost 5:30 
I'm going to go in tennis training so bye twitter ! 
On days like this I regret selling my soft-top Golf  http://twitpic.com/68w6p
Just got done playing soccer, now i got blisters 
@NafRas yeaaah Can I play soccer with u ?! PLEAAAAASEEEEEEEEEEE 
@justingimelstob dont have the tennis channel here in india.  got it now though.
I'm out. Tennis tomorow have a happy sunday everyone. And think ill go finish the last touches to my room, oh wait we dont have blutack 
i didn't make the squad 
Soccer games was cancelled today  so hittin the gym
wishing I could watch the Lions match right now 
Off to son's baseball tournament this morning....pray he wins today, if he loses... no more baseball    Fingers crossed and prayers sent
has a belly ache  and no longer likes football :/
@jodylaforge aw  I don't watch any sports
two of my favourite football player are fighting each other,can you imagine how sad i am 
Soccer game cancelled due to flooded fields 
@empireofthekop join the club 
My brother just threw a tennis ball at me. 
The team with no soul won 
No more football 
http://www.sgvtribune.com/ci_12474497 I guess we aren't going to get a football stadium after all. 
no snowboarding = 
I had to miss my soccer game today, I haven't played any sports for over a week.  I miss it
@guybatty no that make you have dividied loyalties - but chelsea i suppose were the better team 
missing out on golf as I write this 
Really glad I decided to check the result of the rugby now I can go back to bed 
going to my last basketball tournament! possibly ever 
@Carbars1965 was supposed to be at the golf but was fully booked 
watched some rugby, playing xbox now...can't go to the pub, still on antibiotics 
I often find myself thinking that team sports for kids are a showcase of poor parental sportsmanship &amp; behavior in general.  
I miss playing soccer 
Watching softball again. I can't believe the performance U of A is putting up.. 
@haacked Followed by practically every notable major league baseball player in the past 20 years 
@doncragen No, you can't retire! You are the best captain they ever have. 
The team have enjoyed a farewell bbq and are packing their kit 
@BabyBusted  welcome to the club. it sucks..  pejmo pit ;)
is alrady missin' gymnastics  &lt;/3
I wanted to play baseball 
I want to go bowling REALLY bad. 
My life is empty without success on Football Manager  I need a new calling.
@scooterb23 well my team lost 
so proud of my cardnials ima miss the kids soccer officially over 
Hockey+basketball= my head hurts hate when DH watched multi sports 
very disapointed my team lost 
The club is dead 
@TheNoLookPass i'm very disappointed   my team lost, again lol
@TheAce4 his team beat both of our teams..  lol
the teams i want to win never win.  screw you cleveland and denver.    failskis.
Wish I had my golf clubs 
Not a good night for Hockey or Basketball in my house. 
is depressed. So many turnovers  #hawthorn #afl
soccer was cancelled 
soo stupid magic won the basketball 
@humplik you went to the roller derby?!  so jealous! I was going to go... 
Who knew they did coke in this club.   
So sad that baseball lost... 
probably batting for other team 
@LiverpoolFan74 I know! I haven't a clue how to fix it! Rec its something to with ie8 bein installed over our ie6. I've tried everything 
cavaliers may have the best player but orlando had the better team 
@nbc17 playing basketball with no shoes 
@sweetemmaxxx lol! nah, he wont beat nadal, and he'd blates meet him pretty early on and loose, which would suck  i love tennis! 
gunna watch Badminton horse trials , i miss jasper  these summer days make me miss riding soo much i need to get back to the stables xx
A little boy walking down the street just shot me using his baseball bat 
No wakeboarding for me  lame
Holy fuck I need to pay more attention to my fantasy baseball team...this is pathetic. I'm sorry, team! You're always the most neglected 
@jimprz its intense tennis okay 
every player i've been tweeting is losing 
I hate when the team I pretend to manage is getting beaten 
missing soccer training cause of this stupid sunstroke  !
going to my sisters soccer games makes me miss soccer oh so much 
my phone is still death...i miss it...  later to a soccer match
My heads burnt I shoud have got a baseball cap 
Just got back from my softball brunch. Softball's officially over. I'm gonna miss it and these girls soooo much 
my team placed 3rd in the soccer tournament this weekend.. 
missing frisbee already 
I really wish i was at baseball right now. 
Oh yeah. Lacrosse score. 4-0 Wildcats  scorless until second half though.
When does Football season start? 
Baseball game was sold out... And I wanted a hot dog  http://twitpic.com/6csxl
hey twit team. me so bored 
damn i suck at tennis 
ugh... another boring IBL game to work.  
@alexcabot You are not thinking of leaving the squad, are you? 
@The1JCVega Soccer..what? lol...um...leaving in a few weeks my dear ...hope we can squeeze something in...im gonna miss your purdy face 
lost our softball game  also got hurt...baseball size knot on by calf 
@mskathy me either, we're watching hockey. 
Softball was a major ego-buster for me tonight. I was butal (not in a positive way) on all the facets of my game. 
i'm never going to ever use my shinguards again. how bad does that suck? i misssss soccer.. 
from 2 debating teams, to 1 team and now...no team *sigh* 
@SpooksWorldWide @bananahut @lalaz1ski you guys just don't twitter like you use too. so saddening 
says Basketball made my legs hurt.  But my heart grew two sizes today! YAY! http://plurk.com/p/xmgk1
The Golf is now up for sale 
Basketball-ing... Yeeehaa....  the traffic isn't that bad tonight.. @kinsky kenapa gak basket?   http://myloc.me/2gEc
Off to work.. damn my polo has holes in it  wtf howd that happen?
@starliciousdee welcome to the club 
@Eiwen judo? cool! I did karate and kenpo for a while. Karate- like 2 weeks. And kenpo- several years but I had to quit 
poor cousin, i heard she has just maybe broke her leg  and she can't play football a little while. she just loves football so much..
I reeeeeeeeaaally miss futsal now 
Basketball final today 
@sdorkenoo It sure does, however, I am going to join the 40 club before you 
@bcullenhawkins welcome to the club 
about to interview players, nerves gettin the better of me again 
tired  lacrosse then shopping with laura!
@ydurran  frisbee is awesome
freezing my butt off at this golf tourney 
Disappointed in the NCAA Football 10 rosters released today  Every team is very inaccurate. Oh well; gym then studying Statistics
The old team should get together   I miss them.
Softball is cancelled tonight.  I have my first sand volleyball game tomorrow, yay!
is that E3 done for the day? i need the schedule!!! good job MS, twas very impressive but i was disappointed with no FIFA 10 stuff 
Won are Baseball games only got a single and a line drive 
@canadamcflyfan That's the bad point of hockey. You love players but it's not the opinion of everyone and they get traded 
fucking soccer...reffed, got soaked, freeeezing  bleurk
I'm finally starting to get the hang of this windows media player....maybe 
@mileycyrus awww  who is your Tennis Teacher?!
@mileycyrus - your tennis teacher is so mean  Haha
some team fortress 2. i just want the backburner 
i wish i was a skater/surfer in the mid 70s 
Hockey will be ending soon. That makes me sad 
@iLama and you were on my team 
I miss dancing  I think I'm too old to be on a team again!
basketball was fun...now im too tan 
@andyroddick I really thought that you'd win.  . Never mind, I'll always support you as an avid tennis fangirl!! 
Scorpions (my son's baseball team) lost tonight   They finished 3rd in the tournament - not bad !sport
Scorpions (my son's baseball team) lost tonight   They finished 3rd in the tournament - not bad !Sports
loves the Wii... just played Baseball and Tennis and lost 
playing the annual golf tournament with my investment community in the nordic region, n it is raining today 
i wish i was in a glee club  lol
i'm not so sure about AAU anymore... 
Netball training was cancelled. 
@supercoolkp You have table tennis?! Jealous 
@ipsae join the club. 
trying to play football manager 09 online and it aint bloody working 
Just realized after biking to work today, that maybe BMX bikes aren't that good for semi long distance trips. Butt hurts 
i'm SO not excited for the athletics carnival.. 
@mactivist  i should have...but i'm broke, so no hipster club for me 
is tired after playing Basketball  http://plurk.com/p/xuifo
i just lost at basketball..  
@danferdinand the link won't show  you still looking for fantasy football players?
@georgyy you cant be dreading it more than me like you went A* club and are predicted an A, not me 
tennis gods. please stop hating on me. 
@indymichelle so no softball? 
I miss Baseball  ***the band not the sport***
Tennis TV.com said they was going to show live matches and now they are just showing archived matches.   
 is about to die. Coach trip C4 it's lols watch it!
But they haven't got the player working quite yet it seems 
@mrdopeflow I want a polo.... 
@tiffanyshack I have a tennis match 
Poker face just came on the radio reminds me of varsity softball. 
about to go to my cousins soccer practice. i should practice but i got hw to do 
Is thinking I should just NOT bet on Hockey anymore  lol
I miss my street team. 
why is my chess club not in the yearbook? 
watchin wash v florida softball champ game. iMiss softball 
I'm back, can't play the 360 as someone is watching Hockey. 
I feel bad for our softball team 
watching it rain... no softball for me tonight 
bummed about detroit sports tonight 
i dont want to have soccer training tonight 
So i turn on espn hoping for some sports. Anyyything but baseball will do. And guess what it was. Baseball tonight  whyyyyyyyy grrrrr
So all my teams lost. 
@michelledinan when i stop playing football so much it'll probably be different though 
just won soccer 4-1 yay!! got hockey training now 
join the club @jessg85 ;-) unforchantly we have runout of free t-shirts 
finally went back to the gym after a long break due to soccer matches and injuries. No more excuses... 
@CamilleTheJonas It's very sad  Hornatina is very very stupid  i dont like she ! And what are you doing in sport?
waiting for lukess to start playing... yay ! but nsw is losing footy 
off to school again .. sadly . and disapointed with soccer team  * i need you guys back  !!
my volleyball team lost today  my teacher was the refree and he cheated so bad...he gave so many points to the other team &gt;=(
@autumnal_hedge How rude! That's half the Quidditch pitch gone! 
TOCC-B 3-1.  i wish punks would listen to the coach.
@ifcorey I don't have my clubs here 
@tastytouring I love anthropologie (esp. the shoes!), but i'm not a multi-gazzilionaire so it's a little out of my league. 
Just got back from playing cricket we lost. 
@garethslee haven't got sky sports so can only hear the second half 
Talkin' about things happened at school today with ami and gk. Volleyball not 
@AAmyHaanson I forgot... I have a softball tourney saturday. 
new tennis teacher 
Tennis then unpacking from my trip 
just got bakk from school, and playin soccer w/ sebi, liam, and etc....baseball game got cancelled 
@NessRN blah blah. Basketball blah blah. Is it football time yet?!?!   
watching tennis.....I missed so much 
@mamamuffy I can't believe we got a new coach 
Oh great, the Cricket is delayed by rain 
just finished playing sand volleyball and is dark 
@warwickprice welcome to the club 
@SellySelina i know it's going to sound really sexist, but i just don't find ladies tennis exciting enough. sorry 
How close was the cricket? Jeeeeee all down to one ball and the wrong result, Netherlands won 
I'm being forced to watch a rugby match that happened about 20 years ago... I'm very quickly beginning to lose the will to live 
soccers off 
Softball cancelled again this week. 
@I_Hoops am I? 
The worst day at the Golfing range ever! I've been discriminated on because I'm a lefty 
My volleyball is in the neighbors tree! 
@jonasbrothers so i stayed up to watch you guys on sports center and i'm seeing no jonas 
@johanbruyneel What's going to happen to the team? 
I want to play tennis, but it's constantly raining 
just got up for tennis  its so boring and annoying 
Yay! I got to play against a titled player! I lost. 
@TinaBinaTooReal I meant playing for the team. I could make their team...if I took track more seriously  why you hate tennis? 
cricket's been called off 
I don't like coaches 
shattered, Lions 
Softball tourney this morning. 
Waiting for it to rain for our golf tournament today 
i'm watching the tennis...unfortunatley not in paris 
Fml. Soccer tryouts are today 
Ah! I love joel mchale. He is so hilarious. Volleyball game later 
i give up, tennis. i give up. 
Trying to relax, pulled a muscle playing softball and i hurt so bad 
up early to play Golf in the rain, played quite well  just watched the Lions, not very impressive.
no baseball  So work is next on the adgenda
no baseball  So work is next on the agenda
 i forgot to tell you guys that I didnt make  the cheer team  gggrr!! 
I was about to play a football match, but the other team didn't appear..  But I got wet, though.
Rugby game today. I am in a funk and don't want to go.  I don't like caring about things that I can't completely control.
watchin the sandlot, its about to rain 
@DiSCOLENA no  haha, I don't know any soccer players 
@cetapia17 a strip club is so unforgiving. Cochino 
got back from soccer, we lost again 
@jhsiao I miss playing tennis.  but I suck so much now that I get too frustrated to play
Just finished watching my son's All Star Baseball Team Play Parlier.  They lost big.  
Ughhh no moree baseball 
had a rubish korfball match 
ugh....tennis match 
@EatAtFriendlys  We won't make it  6 yo's Baseball game ran over--- darnnit
soccer done. so out of shape...made me sad  lying down.
@hot_biscuits don't really watch it too much so I don't have a specific team 
The wrost thing about getting sick is that I (or you) can't go shopping or play sports outside. I feel like swimming and playing soccer 
@howsojoe clearly you were on the wrong team. . . 
@ussoccer Baseball game looks to be running into the game on tv 
but why is there no volleyball today... i feel the volleyball gods have let me down 
so my national team lose 4-0 with brazil, I don't really care I don't wanna see this team on the world cup 
will never forget to bring tennis shoes to work again. 
Watching hockey! In standard definition 
I'm just about gettin used 2 this! Rugby is relly good ferris is an idiot 4 gettin the bin! 
we lost in softball............  10-3    
Watching the hockey, not looking so good for penguins 
@alyson5 I think they've been replaced with that team from chicago 
back from soccer lost 3-2 it sucked not being able 2 play 
Dancing on tables are a no no for this club. 
which is geuss is not over????Basketball!!! i have horrible pain from shin splint in my right leg  gonna ice it while driving to the court
no more sports to watch... 
sigh detroit just taught the #penguins how to lose at hockey 
@brittnayxlauren did your team lose?? 
is going to get some sleep, long day tomorrow, going to miss the PGA crew 
Aww, the soccer broadcast broke 
My team lost 
is wondering if tomorrow might not be his last as a travel soccer coach ... they grow up so fast 
It's official!! I am no longer wearing heels to the club  ever.
@daemonza Not good.  Sounds like you need to visit a good sports doc.
I miss my VW Golf  stupid plow!
no tall guys in the club= 
@BeccyR beccy, those attractive players might not be at richmond for much longer if we continue to suck... 
Missed the Olympic tickets 
@babyelmo_ i want the javelin!!!! but its not out yet 
lost hockey 8-0 
@xwhiteandnerdyx  no i haven't seen it yet!  best footballer ever.  @Raijal  watched it though.  sorry we went out for so long dedrick 
what a suprise ... as soon as a cricket competition starts it starts to rain incredibly heavily 
demo to the team.. n collge seminar.. 
@nuts_for_hockey that was awful hockey 
@snowboarder61  r u finally bACK
Our sports channels unfortunately do not broadcast these events. 
Our sports channels unfortunately do not broadcast these matches. 
back from judo. i want to sleep now 
@JMaC_Football tell shamar to call me 
played a soccer tournament and im so sunburned! 
Awwww the AAU days .. I miss them 
It's to early for me. No baseball again. 
it the best beach day and i have a soccer tournament. 
@ilumire: I thought you were on my team!! 
has no sports channel 
i don't want to pack!!  i want to go golfing. 
am no longer good at tennis. wondering if i should care. #Tennis, go poke urself in the eye w a huge graphite racket. ice pack on my knee 
@felmurfud nahh for real tennis! kean university tennis courts are open allll night! YAY! which i now regret cuz i am sore 
oops, should have turned on tennis earlier. why can't brunch come to me?? 
@DougEWhite baseball hater!!  LOL
Gymnastics is overrr 
Softball game got on base twice didn't make it home  bbq trip-tip and chicken salad french bread mm mhmm bitch
i got injured playing football  i did the splits in the middle of the field
Just lost...even worse they weren't good sports. That makes it even harder 
Needs to get some tennis shoes 
 Just re-tanlined my basketball sock tanline. Ftl.
I suck at real bowling. 
Oh lord Basketball is on  I need to find something 2 do ????
I really want to learn how to play polo. 
I miss watching basketball. 
 ! no more sports watchin for me til basketball is back...UGHHH i hate it @prjshaun
yea. the lakers are good. so many ifs  oh well. NFL soon...
no more good sports on tv til football season 
We had a football match yesterday, it ended 2-2. But we didn't lost, so I don't care much. I wasn't there btw, I was ill 
my arms are sore from wii tennis im weak i failed 
3 years ago.. i was in germany  in the FIFA world cup.. BEST EXPERIENCE EVER..
ugh going to tennis 
#iremember when we used to be together thinking that you were amazing then i found out your a player  i know i wasnt the only who thought
@djerictm haha no I don't like sports, but why did u ask? 
I think my speed and stamina have dropped quite a bit after soccer Nationals, since training's stopped. 
must get into scc basketball next term! 
Softball in an hour... 
Gymnastics tomorrow  i hope i could play badminton instead!! Tmrrw is the last lesson of P.E!!! =D x.
I miss my HVNY team   when we hangin?
sucked at Golf 
why is wii tennis so loud, turn it down 
@suziedrew I did call the otherday as was near the golf club but you didn't answer  I won't take it personally
i didnt win a mars ball  how dare those bums deprive me of a free football!
@jnine I'm better than I was in the early Spring, but I know @rainypixels is miserable.    I need my golf partner to get better!
no more sports to watch 
fml! F-club does not stand for fight club, it stands for fail club. 
i really want to play tennis right now 
had my first golf tournament today: from handycap 54 to 39 if I would be in a golf club. and a lot of rain  Really tired now!!
@HaileyEdwards That's a nice field!!  I LOVE baseball, no minor league teams around here. 
noooooooooooooooo i just lost in pokemon stadium 
WAS enjoying the cricket 
Football and rounders yesterday had a negative effect with my body. Finding it very hard to move without hurting 
just lost FIFA 3-2 to JDNX  good game though and look forward to a rematch!! 
this is my dead period in sports. No NBA hoops, and football is going to be dead for 5 weeks. Baseball just isn't what it use to be. 
@nscrwriter because soccer went over 
hockey playoffs tonight 
rained out in the golf tourny! 
Now i have to wait for football season for any decent sports to watch 
Getting ready to brave the port-a-potty at the soccer tryouts...wish me luck 
trying to watch dvd, but dvd player is playing up 
oh god... Soccer tomorrow  haven't played for real since last season. That plus asthma will equal pain and fail. :/
Softball was going alright tonight, until @nefnef took a fly to the face  definately no good.
husband's softball team got creamed both games.  
lost my tennis match 
I hate my friend boys and their stupid rugby/soccer games 
Gots Golf in the morning. I love the sport but i can go golfing as much as everyone wants me to 
@courtside  No. 
So weird to have so much fun chaos then ... gone.  cricket ... cricket...
Basketball season is over  Baseball season is about mid point, football season is around the corner.
Someone help me figure out how not to suck at this game!  http://www.foddy.net/Athletics.html
@elialter join the club 
@jordanknight where's everybody?? Cricket cricket  
couldn't use right arm that well...tsk...didn't stretch before playing badminton 
injured my hamstring in soccer gonna be out for couple of weeks  that means no tennis AND soccer but gonna try and play tennis 2moz though
@natalieann_mk ahhh but the unhealthy players need that ranch. or else veggies dont taste good! 
My rowing coach is so mean 
Eating a burger and watching Two Pints before i have to go to Gymnastics 
I'm such a loser at sports.... 
@rubirdy I hae to get my Athletics form done &amp; my shots! 
softball game might be rained out! 
@aplusk no baseball 
 I miss the NBA already. I 'm through with sports until College Football season starts.
@aplusk yes...no more sports  It's sad...I'm sooooo ready for NFL season..
fuck...no basketball or football for awhile. 
@aplusk amen to that...I miss my football and basketball   http://myloc.me/42wK
No tennis  stupid courts are to wet 
@chevaans  stupid English stupid cricket team. how're you doing Chevoooo?
how do you play badminton? someone please help me get rid of  playing  badminton like a tennis player. 
i wish juniors could try out for jv soccer 
Feels like crap after having to tell the girls soccer team that I coach, that I won't be returning next season 
@topowell Are you watching baseball right now? 
has been lookin at a lovely punto sport today but insurance is 2 dear  needs to find a sxc, rich, up &amp; coming football player to date x
Tennis later if I can pull a second racket out of my butt! 
watching under 21 football is not the samething as watching real football. but this and the confederation cup is all we have 
Just played netball against a very rough team. We lost 
is already missing club sprint 
It started raining after we started playing tennis 
Softball practice sucks 
we could be living 1 block from mccarren park if jon was a team player!! 
i miss playing chess 
@team_goobie I think just for multis 
My team just lost by 26 pins. Other team had a person bowl 31 pins over their average! 
@Athlete065 join the club. 
I will be soooo glad when we have a break in soccer, but if kiddo doesn't make the team, we will have a permanent break 
No Golf today, feared the thunderstorm that never came. Probably for the better, not feeling that good at all 
Baseball got rained out 
Softball game got rained out tonight. 
I was going to the soccer, and then I wasn't... And then I was... Now I'm not too sure... It's soooo cold and I'm sick  #drama
I wish I cared about a national team 
#iremember when arsenal was such a feared team 
@lilchick off day, we all have them.  You'll do better next time for sure.  I haven't played Tennis in a week 
@seraphicx i scare of the soccer player kaka 
I really don't know what i'm going to do without months of Hockey 
@jetplane213 Heeey! Soccer was so tiring! And it was to hot! 
[WoW]  These teams suck, yet I can't play  
@wolfhudson join the club. we can't be astronauts 
@itisgolf cheer,track,volleyball,soccer and swimming 
@toojiggy AND no sports there, right??  
Baseball game over! We lost 
@Jessiahbella But, heard on the boards that they are coded for any region and should work in newer players.....don't have mine yet 
@MYsportsphotog verlander on my fantasy team too. I was expecting more 
wearing the team tshirt cheering for them but at last despair 
Missing my sports already  don't know how I'm going to handle this :'(
@kingsunshine got sevear toncilitis feel like i have swllowed a golf ball covered in razoe blades 
pfff it's not a diver what they found. disappointed  lol
@bocchama I know how you feel  Suddenly I'm ed-in-chief, president of english club, class secretary &amp; math club, and I'm running for prez.
all these baseball players taking steroids make me sad 
Just hate the tennis snobs that watch the games from the box on a TV ! that side of tennis is so 1930.s 
gah, raiiiiiiin   I wanna ride BMX today
I seriously think I've sprained my wrist... I have to play goalie tonight at soccer  *Cries*
@tsand I don't know how to play cribbage. 
Working for a change  Sooner I get this done, the sooner I get back to what's important - GOLF!
is stoked his netball team won 37-3, even if he couldn't play 
@TraceyJ305 if only you were selling curling irons.. 
@roshibabooshi I was at soccer 
Tennis was fun... I'll miss my Gay coach during the summer break  now at the hair salon ;) kiss
I would love to be able to walk in heels or flats, i miss them. I'm bored of tennis 
volume too loud for music... too quiet for baseball 
@AngelinaLodi : i miss u bitch, why u actin like you cant stop by JANKEE stadium to holla at the kid 
My Ball Hockey career might officially be over  unless i take a bat to dustins knee....hmmm
Soccer camp.Even though I'm sick. 
Volleyball is doing great! Rainy 
hanging out; bed later I guess. Getting up to do laundry tmrw, then idk. Volleyball 6-8. i love summer, but this one sucks so far 
What a nice day. To be sitting inside a basketball stadium doing an exam 
i just invented a new fancy soccer trick on accident.  now i can't do it again
Sportscenter is boring without hockey or football highlights 
@enginesfailing no  it was the football player
went to the Rec center to play basketball, and sadlly, I lost my basketball skillz... 
@army_of_me I need that! I'm barely surviving on sports bras 
@NJHockeyMom : they are the worst team in baseball. 
Just got back from mini-golf with the youth group. That was only MILDLY painful. 
@1067KISSFM yeah but in brazil we only know soccer and volleyball players! 
Playing basketball but cant seem to get any energy!?!  
i got boxed by a lacrosse ball today. 
It is so hot in here it should be called club sauna not club pulse. 
5-4, athletics wins  sad ! But still ethier!!! Yay!
A's beat the best team in baseball! In other news the Giants ace loses 
long night, pretty tired. watching hockey highlights cause i miss the flyers 
soccer training &amp; cant be bothered... sadface 
@MrChonte47 yeah, that USED to happen to me in FIFA  U still get the win, right?
My Scrabble board is collecting dust. Makes me sad! 
@maryk3lly perhaps i let u know?!_why i couldnt to do any longer the sport 
What club to take? Basketball,Badminton or Track?? can't decide yet 
I already miss hockey  I'll just drink to missing hockey! Cheers!!!!
It's to hot to be teaching softball right now 
US men's national soccer team= disappointing 
brazil is giving it to america in soccer right now 
@apolstar join the club. 
i really don't feel like playing tennis right now but i have to 
My bad, it was an isuzu rodeo  #stuntinfail
I wish it wasn't raining. I wanted to to mini golfing. 
i didnt know that tennis was such a painful sport. i feel like im dying.  sombody shot me please!
No more baseball  we lost in are ternament and it was a game away from semi finals but most of it was are coaches fault and they even said
serious advers events forms .NET work this evening. No Judo 
Whoo hoo Bigs 2 and NCAA Football 10 demos today.  Too bad I don't have time to play them 
is watchin cricket 
Baseball - lots of fun, we sort of won, no help from me, rain stopped play - when i say rain i mean torrential downpour 
Golf susp. till tmrow   Soccer Match -  Egypt vs. Italy starting! It should be a great one! ......Watch Movies @ justin.tv/jrock419xx. GO!
I'll have to wear sports wear ... 
My mp3 Player that I have been waiting for finally is here! But, I don't know how to download music into it... that is my only problem. 
@PhilHarrison It doesn't want 2 load the player 
metallica black album...fuck yeah!  i want pair of new ocean blue or pink G-Sport Rollcage for my ride 
@team_allen jealous!  I'm yet to find a local chinese i'm satisfied with 
I was playing wii tennis while the tornado sirens were going off, i miss everything!  haha
Really sad....b-ball camp is over 
just found out the indoor soccer place by my work is closing  my life is over. soccerplex u will b missed. last 5 days of lunch soccer 
I just dislocated my middle toe  but now I'm getting ready for a big water balloon fight with the Rec kids!
xlnt day at eastbourne tennis with david ; weird now has men not just women in tournament ; i lost at putting 
I really suck at baseball/softball 
@eZactly I've never played chess 
I wish I still played baseball 
It's so hot out.  soccer game    last day of tennis tomorrow!  yayyy
Losing poker tourney on a bubble 
I love my team but this was too much to deal with 
@dunlap We work the concession stands for our soccer team. We get a cut and keep all our tips. We don't hear much out here. 
The elite 4 stole my ideas for pokemon teams... 
BMX fail at the skate park at 1.30am 
how much do i wish i was still living in vegas tonight? i'd be chasing hockey players through the casinos  #fb
@heilpern I just can't get it to sound right sometimes w/sports games - too much crowd noise and bass. 
@debsmm Mediocre night. Tennis 6-3; not followed by ice cream 
Is soooooo tired from ball hockey :| And on top on that, we lost 4-3 
studying for socials provincials 
no more cricket 
Just got back from basketball training my coach is the biggest twat 
@CiNicole was in the club and didn't even speak.  Where they do that at?????
too bad that the dev team is sleeping right now 
argh! no soccer again. i hate the rainn  
@boostedJ damn you  he was in my fantasy league lol 
nursing football injuries 
just lost at tennis on the wii 
is working instead of watching soccer with the rest of the team 
walked 5 miles this morning in a blanket of fog. Following the U.S. Open Golf tournment on ESPN. Getting ready to go to work...yuk.  bye
@littlemunchkin I've never met any  (apart from a 2nd rate snooker player from the 80's) that don't count though.
@heytrixeyy huhu i still have no club  beloved?
Preparing for the school awards .  I miss playing soccer &amp; wearing my #3 jersey 
is not happy  goin to paragould for some Bomber Baseball
@toreo lol, I was just talking to @evearoundworld about that song. The beat makes me want to hit up a club 
@yuglook join the club 
@LittleLiverbird as you can tell i did have to be somewhere  going to lay tennis now haha, wimbledon fever or what.
Dammit, I started losing on Football Manager, out comes the big fat exam prep book 
Too hot to hit golf balls... 
Tennis was fun, although I'm aching now.  Blisters on hands too. 
i hate goin on espn basketball and only having the draft to read about and other random speculation...i miss the playoffs 
@krmcguire  I grew up watching him on sports.
Naps on buses never satisfy me. Haha but it made me remember all the bball and soccer away games that were sooo fun...I miss the seniors 
Just saw a gal in lacrosse shorts- I miss lax  want to play
Softball game @ 9:30 tonight. Long day  Should be fun!
The voleyball is a bad sport ..............for my health  or my arms  =(.....( i'm crying)  =( 
is having his arse totally kicked all over the shop in Scrabble! 
baseball was rained out! 
@ranblv never did like the league of gentleman 
@mahogany_soul i'm heartbroken that rafa won't be playing.  but i'm glad you're also a tennis fan! are you on ontd_tennis?
didn't get to go bowling.  
driver hijacked my chances of having futsal training 
Golf is a cruel game... I sucked the entire game and hit a ***** 25 yard birdie chip on the par 4 18th. Just enough hope to play again 
@OMGitsLexi  I'm sorry to hear that, but hey, welcome to the club.
i remember when I was little I told my dad i wanted to be the first girl in the NFL. he told me I probably wouldn't be big enough. 
Netball was rained out! It didn't start raining until we were about to play! We were standing in the rain until it was cancelled 
stickball cancelled due to rain 
I wish i was putting on a lbd w the highest heels and going to shore club w my biffle. 
The Netball place hasnt called it off.. I guess im playing in the rain 
@willclarkfan22 I always forget! Lol!! I'm a bad baseball fan 
I'm not doing so well in my MLS fantasy and FIFA fantasy football 
goinggg to bed. leaving for softball tournament at 6:00 am 
@do2w were playing at Olympic records studio and I done think none of the weeks are here though  miss you guys!
@lindsayalewis just read about your golf clubs, that's awful! i'm so sorry 
@lexielush  when are WE going to a club togetherrrr?
@capilaryveins glee club? I'm not sure.  what club are you gonna join?
(@PeaceitsJessica) so i just found out one of my old soccer coaches has breast cancer  I need a hug....
froze at our summer picnic today . . played some basketball but no soccer 
raining. again.. guess soccers off 
@blue_raven I JUST missed the rugby championship when we were there.  I would have LOVED to have seen that.
Leaving the club. I'm bored now 
@mycaruiz223 i think it was a club opening  mannnnn we missed out
i feel like watching the breakfeast club!! lol if i only i existed in the 80's 
i think i'm the shittiest online scavenger hunt team member ever 
Fighting sleepiness on the weekend. The subject for today is totally not helping. I want my pillow  http://myloc.me/4BMX
doing sport with a hang over is great! 
Has the economy affected your fantasy football league?  I'm not sure I can afford to play this year 
is still on the coach, bored. And has spilt coke 
@dees_world my channel ten sucks ass. Sport 
ball hockey tournament all day 
has a busy day ahead; round 2 of the estate sale, a soccer tournament and a consultation with a client.  Looks like rain's coming too 
Highland Golf Tournament today at Tillery.... Why did it have to be the hottest day of the year so far on the day we play golf 
can barely walk after football training today ... I need to get so much fitter and learn how to play on grass again 
gutted with the rugby result 
aaaaaaaaaaw i don't need to beat tori up anymore, Hockey is doing my job for me  Hockey is now illegal!!!
WAFC games are canceled today 
Noobs booked tennis court 
is thinking unlucky Lions 
I've never been the biggest fan of Golf. Then I watched Tiger Woods and was like wow this guy is awesome. Then he started being human 
i wish espn would stop replaying football games. i get in a football mood, then i step outside into the swamp-like conditions of summer 
Playing tennis on the wii and losing 
Softball game got cancelled. Sucks like a whole week with out softball.!  
as soon as we reach the paintball field. we have to go home. 
Just playedd my lastt soccer gammeee 
is beening made to watch football  .. badtimes!
back from my volleyball tournament. it was raining......at the beach! 
Tennis courts are so bumpy here in my apartment 
@whatitdoshawty no  I meant like how did you know to guess there unless you lived there lol. I was at the Rec complex alllll day today
@rianepanic just my coach. 
soccer was canceled 
going out 4 sushi....YAY!!! we lost our softball playoffs... oh well 
I miss the hockey season, I hate having no sports to watch 
Vocal Coach says &quot;You are not allowed to use your voice&quot;. Due to all the rehearsals and just singing randomly. I have lost my voice 
happy that collingwood won or else it would have been 3 losses this weekend! lost netball and basketball. 
Just lost my putter. 
@sliffy I was thinking the exact thing   waiting on NFL now
My last team camp is offically over! 
@sfgiantsgirl this 2009 team is starting to get really good ...except richie 
and the long awaited basketball match is once again postponed 
@TiggerPiglet I've been watching the golf or not as it's turned out 
At eldest's trophy football presentation. He's left 4 another team so thinking he's a bit out-of-place 
On a coach that smells like pooh 
trying to look for some good soccer studs. i dont even know the F of Football 
Football is finished atm 
softball in an hour!!! woot! miss my team terribly. 
I'm so tired from football and my knees are really sore 
ugh i have sports prac again 2moro 
Playing golf alone 
@CarrieAWilliams If only I lived closer to the rink. 
@BryanRicard im football illiterate 
freaking racquetball i cant even lift up my cup to drink 
@kimling there goes my tennis scholarship 
I Miss Football Season 
@michelletrent Construction forced initial move, astroturf on soccer fields next to old fireworks launch site now prevent return. 
@softofheart but watching bowling is boring 
going to my softball gameee. were probably going to lose to. oh well. 
@ReginaDenise LOL...it went well but I didn't make the team 
The gods of Golf are belly laughing at me right now.... 
is leaving the tennis court..doubles was not fun 2nite! 
Just sitting here already missing hockey.  
@garciax5 We hope it's nothing, but he may have bruised ribs (Hockey) or spine/back problems w/ possible surgery. He still is in pain 
tryouts friday! 
@AVFCOfficial we won't have any players left at this rate 
@mizz_ladii_b LOL, do you have a bruised leg, too?! dude i look like i lost a fight wit a soccer player!! 
I miss my coach 
I want to play football but my football training is on tommorow... 
back from swimming club and all headachy and feeling rough ...  
At polo...... all by myself 
Waiting for my quit smoking coach to call  
would have won third in a golf tournament  
@heartbrken4evr Haha, join the club! 
@lovesgreyboy haha! sadly his rugby club is in oz!! like the thinking though! just have to accept he'll probably go back! 
tennis camp was so tiring 
soccer game today!! my team won!! yay!! i was defense. i'm limping now. hurt my foot 
just came back from soccer &amp; i hurt my foor so now i cant move it.    
Apparently swimming in the coaches relay...pray for me! 
A's lose again  Cheering for a small market MLB team sucks.
who bragged about what now? *confused* and no, @Lowridergrl, I am not a wrestling fan at all. Sowwy 
He jumps through hoops for her but never for me 
@Doovde you went to the polo without me!!!!! im gutted 
@benjaminrowley Don't even know how to hold a golf club 
No rec this july 
what an unbelievably mad day this is! started off with no less than football's best team losing to one super chotthe team! 
@elbrownduck won't go with us to the club!   
Soccer training cancelled 
I'm so depressed we lost magnificently last night in tag rugby. We were so co-ordinated at training 
@feanarth joined the club 
The football match ended in a draw yesterday  but we should have won
Now I'm stuck with Real Tennis rather than Real Soccer, which was right next to it  And I'm $5 poorer. Blagh.
@kobebryant240 Thanks for the memorable moments during the playoffs this year.. Now there's only dry Baseball &amp;  WNBA on TV - long summer 
@LiammTh - football training we done about 1 hour and half running then we do sumet to do with football ,  torture pal
currently addicted to the tennis....... wishing i was at glastonbury though 
@victoriaroseee  hmph. i think there's another baseball tournament in o-town tonight haha
@SomeSayDave join the club 
I only wish she could play on a team. 
my Basketball is done  
Working on the new Cricket game for the i-phone...you guys will like it i am sure  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=771uKX4zhZQ
going to soccer  yeahhhh
@nomadicmatt and if you could sell that much advertising you wouldn't need the coaching would you 
So excited to be starting Softball again 
@cbackas Welcome to the club! 
@XspressCHIC08 Baseball still sucks...just thought I'd remind you.  
@highcee24 Thanks  Tennis is going great! We have such a strong team, it's remarkable. Larsell is definitely still coaching.
is reading (my favorite pastime) 
#Livemercial Basketball bracket champion. 
@aaronstewart see, I feel the same about sportscenter during football season.  I would rather see baseball! 
@penelopetrunk don't they know you used to be a volleyball champ?!?!? 
@maerdred baseball, right? Psh. Baseball isn't even televised here anymore, they got rid of it to make room for more hockey.  (srsly)
Bout to get into an intense ping pong tourney!!  haha
fixing to go drive the golf-cart! 
Soccer in spanish 
@cupofwhat That's a club I've always wanted to join. 
@hannahmcfly im outside now ha ha i have to watch my uncles soccer game 
@doctorklein What club is this? Sounds awesome 
Watching hockey playoffs 
going to play tennis -oh how i've missed you  &lt;3
: soccer tryouts today! pumped 
I'm off to watch the football 
going to booboo's horseshow. 
soccer game &amp; shopping 
Backgammon then a birthday meal for a friend later on 
listen to the lonely island- we like sports  its the best
just got back from a walk along the ocean... beautiful day today.  Hockey is ONE HOUR!!! 
@jamwheel @somefool oh dear VW haters eh?  - what's car would you buy with Golf money? @jaybee3 I love the new scirocco front personally 
@rob_morgan i'd have traded it all for the gloucester team to show up instead if the local womens team that took their place 
finallly can go foood shopping because the shitty football is finished!! 
Tennis pratice today  but i dont have to stay 4 the whole thing yay  lol
is happy Madyson's Soccer team won again making them 4 wins 0 losses. 
watching my little cousins play wii sports. 
basketball is my lifeeeeeeeee 
@tyes haha  gahh i luv those Pumas. i think ima hafta wear them more often forsure
Softball spring training was fun and tiring... 
just got new cycling shoes!   
At sports authority buying some new sports bras and soffes for tomorrow ahhh 
....lea's naked...yay club 
handball final @ 10.30 
@nicolatillin I hope you are still in the squash tournament 
just woke up. about to go see my friends play a football game (soccer)  it's early 
@HPlightningbolt rugby is the one sport I don't watch ..  cricket and footy are my favs .. did u have a win ?
just got back from youth camp, it was fantastical 
Finished bowling at 1ish a.m. 
playing badminton with my dad!!! 
Dynekil golf - thumbs up 
is off the the park for a gothic basketball session 
is on the soccer teaam  gottaa pee, again. . . hehe.
Whee, tmrw is back-to-back Track n' Soccer practice! With homework!  -goes takes a showers-
@tercowas football is at least a sport 
@goaliemom31 Yay for the goalie! 
@chopper63 Only thing prettier will be when they turn it into a parking lot.  Football gets it for another year, football deserves it.
practicing golf...getting ready for tournament next weekend 
football up 
Tennis again tonight 
watching football again 
soccer gamee.. again 
watching soccer 
@kam_ to bad you spelt soccer wrong 
Going bowling!! So excited! 
At the rec! 
Is playing football with the Cuzins. I can't throw but i can catch... 
Driving to the club 
@ninkompoop very nice! i like pom pom's 
Lol!! Cricket pulse corrected it within few minutes of me posting on twitter 
was at football training tonight in latrobe!! 
Golf tourney today in baker. Wish me luck. 
Enjoying sunshine playing football wiv the kids, doesn't get much better than this 
@afwife08 You should look into your local roller derby league. I bet you would love it! 
@Paul_Holgorsen Golf is not about playing well. It's about playing better than you did last round. 
@DavidMPittman you see, it is not just soccer! 
picking up my tennis racket tonight 
got soccer training tonight 
hockey killed me tonigh, but i saw gab 
netball killed me tonigh, but i saw siobhan 
just joined the ?????swim team! 
@footbo is that a poker tournament? 
Who take me to play bowling? 
@calling_cthulhu unless it's for the other team 
http://twitpic.com/4dy2o - out of my league 
@BebeZed  Hockey after the cluttered kitchen is tidy lol 
just got new footy boots. they're maroon and gold. like my teams colours. 
just played netball 
@Nightwyrm would that be before or after a soccer riot? 
@PurpleMuffinMan i'm watching soccer am at the mo awaiting the motoGP to start at 12, then bath and golf...then watch gogglebox   
@shrop goooooo team @littleshrop 
I'm watching a soccer match 
@AngePlus damn that team 5 
going to a basketball tournament with my youth group 
utd 2-0 up - league title looking pretty good now 
going on football match 
volleyball tournament the golfing 
ironman results are in, and my team came 75 out of 300. a pretty damn respectable placing. 
Watching my little sisters soccer game! She's a star! 
#Spurs #Football thanks to all following my Tweets, it is my pleasure 
http://twitpic.com/4en1u - After 45 mins the first team is in and then the others follow  this is the a girl team 
team fortress 2 is great 
@Stilgar702 Haha XD dogs I don't mind...well that's not true, I can't stand my sisters dogs. I like cats  ...and Zebras...and otters.
@mattycus hit 1500 w/ my 3s team 
just put a new little banner on @meeyukii's MySpace for the @AllStar_Hockey's blog. 
Softball game tomorrow.. Resting up 
@katalystkaryn your just not a sports fan like myself per se..but your still interesting to follow 
The wrestling match was fricken sweet! Lots of violence 
Just got back from soccer...So, this is what a non-congested lung feels like with O2 running through it 
off to my volleyball tournament!!! be back later 
back from football, now shower 
just ate a wonderful maccas apple pie i want MORE! time to go play soccer  FIFA09!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@IAmBeeAye i guess an indoor track 
@markalves LOL @ baseball players get &quot;sent down&quot; @LJLeg yes! @dustinfaber basketball is a close second... 
Football at the common 
@EvilSue team came 71 out of 301 teams. I came 47 in my run out of 1430 entrants. 
Lacrosse try outs today 
@domvoon them and sunderland, joke football clubs! 
doing laundry watching the redsox. softball at 7 then bruins and maybe a beer 
@ramblingreba I think it was fixed.   Not really....but it stinks for the other teams!
@rings90 I'm talking about the drive-in resturants, sweetie, not the sports team. 
Is playing soccer 
out to go rowing 
@warpflyght I'm swapping between it and Shaolin Soccer so as to combat the post-apocalyptic dreams things like this tend to give me. 
brrrr jhb is chilly today.....I am considering declaring today 'clean up &amp; file' day - Golf is in for quote for damages so I am stuck 
@oliviamunn How long before the Frisbee Golfer &quot;accidentally&quot; catches one in the back of the head from his friend  
listening to varsity fanclub 
@WendyandJay Here we are!  Unofficially, of course, but we are providing all the info you could want for the Geelong Football Club!
@OlorinLorien I know, snooker on though. @nicolaherbert and I ate huge fans 
Leaving minneapolis, doing some homework and going to watch my brothers tennis match later 
@doctorsound I am 28 and I still haven't been to a club. Lots of bars, though. I don't think I'm missing much 
just played volleyball? 
@Tigerfluff who cares its hockey 
@kid_twist86 strip club is picking up! 
@cager83 wow I love it !!! thanks 
I got a Coach purse 
Match of Handball this a the afternoon 
@AmyMeredithband amy meredith has a soccer team? well i also have news about soccer. my team won aswell!!  xx
@damohopo I didn't headbutt anyone! Not that I know about anyway! ;) You ok today?  Football today?
just got back from footy, thankgod eagles won 
just preparing for a nice sunday league football match, full of adolescent aggression and unnecesary violence 
has just had a fun game of tennis with dean and the kids, must buy 2 more tennis raquets next pay day 
@tvtongeren Welcome to the club of 30somethings  to which I unfortunately don't belong any more ... 
Raymond The Tennis Freak! :p: Tennis Training  http://bit.ly/I097d
http://twitpic.com/4x1xf - me playing my all time favourite sport... SOCCER ! 
Proud to be an Anteater! UCI Men's Volleyball are the NCAA Champion's..   go Eaters!
@LordShaper You are like watching the soccer scores 
getting ready for my soccer gameeee 
@RapperBigPooh Sports center at 3am!! Too early to be back home 
@ChicagoDiane nice! I think my soccer team as a kid was called the yellow team. 
's softball team got molly whopped BUT.......he went 4-5 
@jcaudron social site for an athletics club is it ? 
with. talei.talmage.junior and some other randoms 
you too, thank you. But it's rainy and I'm tired ;) but today it's Basketball day!  how are you?
Interschool VCE Soccer tomorrow! Hells yeah 
Sports night! 
football tonight... so get to wtch friendss 
Volleyball game with mark 
@tommcfly almost 40,000 followers! i'll bet you'll hit it by morning  you're so popular, like a cheerleader at school or football player!
woot we won soccer 
@ciaag3nt well twitter can go suck a golf ball. 
@faerye  no amount of subsequent practice can reverse the Scrabble beating poets gave prosers in '08. 
@mikegoldmantwit MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANLY That's the team we been waiting for 
@goodnighthorse - can we make a @susannar100 fan club on here? I'll make membership cards 
@PGA_JohnDaly i liked the article.. thx for the link  john! 
@thomasmmm: i'm a sportswriter...i can't cheer! 
first football match i've been to was fun 
athletics tomorrow  whose going 
@superfunk69420 then welcome to my hater fan club 
http://twitpic.com/5cv70 - ...team support, focus and motivation and fun not just because our team won 
@MainEvent420 he deserved it after what he said about our players. besides it is nice to see our players stand up and be counted 
@serenajwilliams hey! greetings from dubai  i think you're an absolutely fantastic athlete x)
At the cricket 
Off to my soccer games. tootles! 
new yankee stadium 
working on new articles for http://golf-royalty.com after an exciting weekend's golf 
i am boreddddddddddd......soccer laterrr 
@surfwaxruby is she in the club or is she smoking up outiside? 
had perhaps the best admission-related chat with my coach yet. geographical disadvantages may not be what it seems. 
@guybatty I don't understand tennis either lol. But don't mind watching snooker and darts, a mis spent youth maybe 
@ArsenalSarah i had one saying my football tastes were top notch, it seemed a little out of character(lol)..will look out for sure 
@lou_wurm playing canasta right now 
Softball sunday! 
Tired---but another successful mini-triathlon 
@Charliecondou woww! i'm good thanks you?  schools great!  o got into the football team for a tournament! 
my school has the best soccer team ever!! &amp; i love them 
@leilaaani don't forget to wear your polo. 
@drchuck you could have watched cambridge utd v torquay battle it out for promotion to the football league. at wembley. torquay won 
Off to play some tennis 
http://twitpic.com/5dhoi - Golf anyone? 
If procrastinating was a sport - I could compete at an international level!!! 
@DCCheapSeats I can't see... *pokes TV* I've only got hockey and BMX or whatever here.... but still... that sounds cuuute 
TOP soccer @ 12:30. Tennis with emily perhaps?? 
Volleyball all day tomorrow!! goodnight 
playing soccer tommorow for the first tiime ever haha iima use too playiing softball   iima goiing too get more fit lol
got soccer training this arvo and soccer game tomorrow hope we win  versing cessnock
we will be unveiling footsie fc latest team jersey followed by cake cutting and speech by club president at the joyous occasion 
At the tennis courts  the wifi Is fast here!
@jaeger69 hahha thank you, i was listening to it and im like rugby league  ahah.
@mylifescape I'm a travelling sports masseuse - I come to you 
@jessizakool well i could arrange a 'chasing with baseball bat' if you'd like 
Me likey watching footy players run around and pump weights 
had fun at athletics 
so am going to camera club after all. club secretary read my fb status and called to offer a lift. 
playing tennis when i should really be doing maths 
pacha was great.... and no it s not the club 
Hey guys, does anyone have a burning question about the new Virtua Tennis game? Give me a replybefore 12 and I will do my best to ask it. 
This is when u have a team instead of a group  (Britains got talent) -  http://tinyurl.com/caxyzs
sunday cricket : won the both the matches we played.... 
Softball tonight!  
looking for my balls &amp; rackets... playing some tennis with the gals. what a nice a day 
FABULOUS!!  Check this video out -- LFL Lingerie Football League - http://bit.ly/32hp7o
@dbullock6--morning Coach--and yes, I know--direct messages, direct messages--I'll see if I can work on that for you 
Golf outing with daddy today... No school!!!!! 
is playing soccer!!! 
working until 3:30   Volleyball game tonite..first one of the summer season, can't wait!!
@artrox  here here  dvd players were invented so we need not be fed negativity 24/7 
heyy just cathcing up on some hockey news..sports center is the best 
@peta2 I'm on the action team! 
@shannonmsweeney I'm cheering on your team in spirit 
@ZackRyder It sounds good   - who designed your wrestling gear?
Basketball, basketball, basketball, 2 games down, 2 more to go 
@osulop That's not sports.. #cheater 
That is a rather old fashioned, but nice polo 
yaay weekend!!! ...  badminton, basketball, beer!.. aah!.. 
@joneko any bass players welcome  low frequenters unite.
won tickets to see team waterpolo! 
have changed my mind - probably will not quit tennis.  
Heading for the beach this weekend. Cheering for my Taekwondo-kids! 
I'm working on another team spotlight. 
@saragthatsme Not as funny as you and @holdfast1979 bowling trash talking marathon 
Headed out for 9 holes of #golf before it gets boiling hot 
Too many sporting events on tonight. Baseball, BasketBall, Hockey, NASCAR. A sports bar is actually useful for the multiple TVs. 
@stagli @team_shelly rocks 
@MusicCeleb7 Tennis. Classy  you play that sport?
I wish they let me review what went to press when it concerns Football at least 
@mileycyrus join the club 
@musicsinmyveins i like baseball myself 
@RaDollasHpc scratch club prime...club eden is where its at 
@JodieGiese Night has been just ok. Basketball game, but not much else. No giant oranges around here to tempt me, just giant Cheetos. 
is tired after playing basketball with the little brother  he won...lol...
yeiiisss! Pumas con ventaja ! 
first basketball pratice was tonight did real well was playing varsity all nite 
Just got done playing miniature golf!!! So fun!! I won!!! 
is happily exausted after wakeboarding, one skiing and wakesurfing. 
Congrats Zappos Womens Badminton team - silver medal!! 
I love Coach! 
just prepping for my making it happen call with all my lovely coaches tonight 
Sleeping...hoping to wake up early to watch tennis 
follower: you are not an American, therefore, it's football - not soccer! you are the project;) ... still tired, but maybe to the gym?! 
@stwange what i meant was for the team to stick it out and make a quick return to premiership 
Kobe Gets Some. And this isn't the Basketball Player  http://bit.ly/4iBlpX
@yomichael: It was so hilarious! I hope you don't have any bruises. Such a good sport 
@dabitch welcome to the team... lol 
#FF @lizzs_lockeroom because she is beautiful &amp; knows her sports! 
