Most common words for this cluster:
[('something', 1733), ('someone', 66), ('lol', 57), ('anything', 49), ('u', 47), ('today', 42), ('nothing', 41), ('com', 37), ('amp', 33), ('http', 32), ('day', 28), ('time', 26)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'something', 0.9371273517608643), (u'anything', 0.7378770709037781), (u'really', 0.7082260847091675), (u'Chiddy_Bang_maybe', 0.6985325813293457), (u'ANDY_RODDICK_Yeah', 0.6916781067848206), (u'SERENA_WILLIAMS_Well', 0.678896963596344), (u'thing', 0.6775991320610046), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.6759008765220642), (u'somebody', 0.6758347153663635), (u'nothing', 0.6753104329109192)]





@jillianfish tweet something damn it!  and hang out with me please? 
feels like I am comming down with something....let's hope it's just a cold 
really need to do something. watched one to many hannah montanna's 
to tell you something? hmm 
Why would emotions suddenly pour out..?? I just remembered something that happened, n im very badly feeling it..!! 
i have realised something. whenever i can't text phoebe i email her, like in macau, i emailed her endlessly, it's the same now  no Sykes!
doesn't understand the thought process behind yoghurt pot lids. Why would you make something designed to be licked out of sharp foil? 
has coffee breath. i need something minty. 
Feels like I'm really coming down with something 
@KellenParker can you sign on google?  I need your advice on something.  
i seem to be lossing loads of followers at present - have I said something wrong 
@KJSimmons yea I'm pretty sure they will, until something else crazy happens lol.I find myself randomly saying it tho, I'm ashamed  lol
I'm cold  and nothing seems to be working today like its supposed too...let's see if I can fix something...
japanese &amp; their hiragana..  &amp; that's saying something.. since i'm japanese.  man do i hate my own culture! couldn't they've made it easy?
@lillyputian sighh i once again broke something..i broke my mp3player 
really really shoulda said something  i blew it
youtube is down.. i feel like something is missing from my possession 
to press enter. i think i messed up something underneath 
Graphics card don't work - some kind of conflict or something 
Feeling quite ill, think i'm coming down with something 
thinks she's done something, but isn't quite sure what it is.. oh where are you when i need you? 
@alexkillby ive never been to one so idk how could i make it up with something else.. 
wants to do something REALLY stupid like on jackass or something. but not to be laughed at or sympathized for but for need. i need this 
is mentally preparing for tomorrow  If anyone can help me find something good closer to home, it would be appreciated!
@lomobabes lol.. I am going downstairs to eat something... I am starving 
@dorait waaaaaaa  my rank is something around 21K
wants to know how come I always get sick when I have something fun to do the next day 
@nernin you been hacked or something?  that last entry is not you... 
i cant get onto the internet from my account  something about virus threat something. i need to reformate my comp but i dont know how.
sutil, why oh why?    if you broke the tire retaining cables, you were doing something wrong, bud.
Today I have to play music in two concerts, because of my lean to do something even on Sundays... 
I need something to do on a sunday that i actually want to do instead of just pigging out 
@mummabaukes awesome..i wish i was doing something of the like.. why cant i study 
just chillin' with my cat. trying to find something on tv. 
p.s. someone buy me SuGs new album? lol xDD i know im supposed to be getting a job  its not easy though. ill figure something out!
@thomasruns dude. did not get this til now. wanted to do something SO bad but nothing panned out. why you no call me? 
@davidlebovitz there is no religion in existence that doesn't moan about something or other... 
twisted my back something weird  Can barely walk and can't sit down booooo :*(
oh; my throat is suspiciously dry and the little coughs point to me coming down with something  must be the stress of the last few weeks
@vindiekins *flails* I can't make something that looks like you 
Still up cause there is something wrong with my daughter and i dont know whats wrong 
I feel so ill  think im coming down with flu or something.
Ahhhhhhhhh *stretches* i fink i better go do something but i cbb !!  xxxx
wishes for something good to happen..   http://plurk.com/p/p675p
well, for sure I need to review portuguese and maths, so i'm going  but still here to see if the guys twitte something xx
@lisam75 oh i heart dexter 2!!! did u c the ad for it tho??? - he does something very bad! 
I went into the toilets at work &amp; it smelled like something large had died then something had crawled into that and died &amp; so on &amp; so on. 
 leave what you said as something herd and the the things u havent said should be left unherd.
My ear hurts...i think something happened to my plug but idk what it cld possibly be 
- think i caught something and refuse to get sick! 
@SoyC it feels warm &amp; running in anything warmer than about 10 whatever the thing is is hot 
@rolliev2 yeah. you should've texted me or something to remind me that you were coming back. i would've stayed longer, but i forgot you 
want to get out and do something, but have no money 
i like the internet so much, i wish i had something more than almost brick ware to make it work. 
@forensicmama hi!.. can i ask you something?... can you acces to blogger?...because i cant  
@MickeySuspect they needed to borrow a bit of your change. :-/  i make money. but something has to change. it should be the fuckn tax code
Waiting for something todo. 
It's a horrible feeling when you want to help someone but you know for a fact theres nothing you can absolutely do 
i just ate subway at 12:00 at night. there is something wrong with me &amp; i am going to be a very fat nugget  i need to learn self control.
@meganmcmo I hate when that happens.  But hey, now you have time to yourself to watch a movie or something. 
@GrrrlRomeo And I just wanted her to be ashamed for belittling something so important to us, while she sits smug on the TV. 
It is really difficult to work on weekend when everyone elese is planning something. 
@emqwert  you never called back. and i want to do something this weekend...but nobody can. bleck
i just ate subway at 12:00 at night. there is something wrong with me &amp; i am going to be a very fat nugget  i .. http://tinyurl.com/dxao44
is tired and has no good movies to watch  someone lend me something!!! please? LOL
@kimkardashian http://twitpic.com/3gvq1 - hahah aww.. that sucks!!  Seems like something I'd do.
aww just found out they had disco night at s4...  wheres all the gays? why didnt you all say something! we cld have rounded up to go
just joined twitter i have no idea what i am doing so follow me or something so  dont feel so alone 
It is against my will to dispose some of my novels. It would be like giving away a puppy or something. 
@OhSweetNibblets sana, i am soo scared its something to do with my dad 
@tonightwedance knew it would. wish something would put a cheesy on my face. i've been down since i failed yesterday 
@meganthinks I dont have mine either  ew I heard they were doing it by postcode or something retarded
damn i had something really knowledgable to say and ive forgotten it. damn hangovers 
Hopping back in bed to see what's on TV...looking for something funny.  my son doesn't want to get up yet to play with mommy 
Studying for finals and making graphics....wishing I could go out and do something. 
is twittering (duh) i want something to do 
@MCRsavedMilife  uhh. i wish i had something to talk about.
@natahshapriya text me after 7 pm estern  i'm at work and i can't turn my cell phone on or i might kill someone or something xD
@sophiebaron oh I'm sorry  don't you have them saved to your computer or something?
oh... I mistyped something, by waffee I meant waffle and coffee. @jhurst21 i'm out of it too 
@Cyborgmatt I can't reencode something that wont open 
@grouchygreg What dominos scandal?? I must've missed something 
@ashalynd like matruska?or does it mean something else?love russian, learnt some bits when i was a child but forgot&amp;didn't take it back 
eat something is what i'm desperately needs rite now 
thinks this weekend has just disappeared. Possibly something to do with working it all away... 
hopes Tif is doing okay and wishing I could've gone to give her a hug or something. 
bored and wants to do something but no one to do stuff with 
/b/ is down and I want to find something to rage on. 
lately I feel a little bit guilty for buying something that is not necessary to keep me breathing.  just ordered 7 books from amazon..  
@loveemetwotimes from www.urbandictionary.com it appears to be something that hurts my feelings 
@sarahelayna If you find something cool let me know! I wish I could find a bug group. 
i give up on finding something entertaining... bed? 
Some huge bug or something just landed on  my face while i was half asleep 
down with fibromyalgia: 100th update! was hoping for something brighter than this though 
*sighs* Nothing makes you feel more poor than planning to buy something you haven't got the money for. 
#hdtv reception particularly bad tonight. must have caught something from the capped modem 
not feeling well  staying home so i dont infect anyone if i have a bug or something
@KeithCumsOnU **curled up and snuggle in** something creepy just happened.. i'm so scared 
@ImoHartx Lol, something like that! He's being a prick of the highest order and i wish he'd just fuck off!   x
@honeylake i feel what you're saying! i just know i want to do something involve extensive national traveling and happiness. 
@SHOOTNFISH  i wonder if something got jacked up with the cable run or if it got damaged when they ran the new snake 
@monnie One of those accounts you can only access once a year or something ? That's no fun 
@haleyymae i know...i thought he'd get something for spilling the beans... but he was a murderer. 
erm. there's something about you babayy. gnite tweeters. I have class in the a.m. 
I think I ate something with milk in it. I don't feel soo good. 
@MooJoe how did you start writing up reviews for Strong Bad games? I'd like to get into something like that.. 
I ran over something tonight. I think it was a kitty. I'm not sure  I heard a cluh-clunk. We drove back 3 times and found nothing.
@xbrookecorex fuuuuck i could use that money but it's so hard to let go of any of my makeup  haha it's like my child or something
@tehAnde bb, me too  fiallllll we need to do something exciting!
Just disappointed  sometimes you do something nice and it just goes unnoticed
@DavidArchie ugh I need to go back to bed. I hate insomnia  hope u find something good for breakfast!
@kimberley_ friday eh? sounds fine to me. need to do something with someone. would be good to see chaise, i miss her 
@em_b93 awwww i was looking for something new to buy 
@shanebuckley no yet  my sister has to get her bank card re done before or something
@snaglepus why you rn't using #tweetie? something about the 100 requests limit? really #fail 
I might go live on cam or something, but i dont know if its worth it cus i might not get any viewers 
Is going to attempt to be a patient at the community health, something doesnt feel right in my head and I should get checked out 
@xxPat mhm :S something happened? again? u got no luck on that stuff do u ?! 
@Stealthgigi  not rally sure what happened but this is the drama from before..something between youngsy and him...it was quite sad 
@haldira actually, I didn't realize it was just a week away. we can't get something together that fast.  sorry!
Thinking about something that make me mad!!!! 
Icing my toe after banging it into something and re-aggravating it. 
@johnalexwood ...or something. Because they're tweeting about stuff you do, but using vulgar language making you sound like an a**hole. 
i really have an urge to go out and do something, but it's almost midnight. 
graduating tomorrow. not sure how i feel....kinda like something is missing 
@LordShaper not too much.  but that usually happens when i do something personal for somebody that the audience doesn't know about.
plus shes far away T__T -sigh- i wish i could send her something other than a card =_=; but now its too late 
I want something sweet now 
hmmm... the apple store is down     i really need to order something
Is having one of those nights where she is missing something she cant have 
Just woke up from a rather sad dream. I have to admit I miss him. And no, it's not anything romantic, folks. I hate having a heart 
I hope I have the money to do something for my mom tomorrow 
I was actually expecting something to happen but the snake still scared me when it striked. I screamed and think I threw up a little 
bored waiting for sam to finish taekwondo so we can go get something to eat 
trying to develop or continue something when you just wake up is mission impossible 
@matchhead hurrrrr sorry  that stuff is more important anyway. you want something signed?
@jackiwalter I was putting something backstage and dropped it on my foot  still hurts
i think my theres something wrong with my fishy  &lt;/3
@carlmorris looking for a geocache or something, but can't find it 
@sproutbuilder really? i was using a trial or something and now that it's up i can't even login to access my projects 
Just ate something with dry roasted peanuts in it by mistake 
my temperament may have cost me something. 
@poopingrainbows ashlee! Dumbb dont say something like that! I thought something was wrong!!  butthead got me all worried
Wats the point in trying anymore?.?...i canT make something out of nothing? 
My foot is asleep.  He's dreaming about something....
@ecsp oh I've been wanting something like that. 
ugh. off to work meeting at 6 . not something to look forward too .  ..... as long as they give me chicken~ im cool with it
Ugh my throat is absolutely fucking killing me - And I have to help move shit or something like that 
corn soup time... I need something to get rid of this yucky feeling in my tummy 
@tanyarhh we should hangout sometime. or something i dont know  i just came back from the dentist hehehehehe. 
i've been planing something, but i couldnt make it.., kinda disappointed 
@raihanamcfly exactly! All the tension gets built up and up and up then.....nothing. i wanted a fight or a death or something! oh dearr 
@rossphillips a small thingy or something big 
@AlexSmith68 I missed most of your interview - sorting out something at this end and lost contact with #sustnow 
@JoshFinnie see, you missed something funny i said. this breaks my heart. #fixreplies 
something like only 49% of the province voted... that's so sad 
I don't think you will ever do half of what I do for you or sacrifice what i do, for me.. that should say something  .
@oops_pig yeh, with all my monies.  i will work something out.
getting teary at my farewell dinner.  mom: I know you're fearless but everytime you're about to do something stupid, think of us.  awww 
needs to study  and get something to clear her throat
@andyblume  alert cyberspace something must be done!!
sdfhndhodkdjfhosigh where is @KetPrincess she's not on skype  I need to show her something jeez.
 how the duck am i supposed to write 1500 art history words on something i can hardly see!
@mongstradamus D'aw  yeah, although I'm sort of bad with that~ always forget if I've gotten a text if I'm doing something!
the only problem with twitter is when you write something to someone you love they never write something back 
@sungangs what are the dates again? i totally forget but ugh i wish i could too.. i really want to work something out but idk 
is there something that i can do from a far ? 
i'm being made to emcee for assembly tomorrow. holey maccaroni. something i'm definitely NOT looking forward to. shoot me, somebody 
My computer has stopped being a turd! Yay! But I think it's passed it on to my printer or something because nothing is printing. 
@Gexy_ lmaooo everyone says that  well if you can get me drunk on something with a non-alcoholic taste, than go fur it ;D lmfao.
Looks like another day of no flying.  Now I got to find something to do.
my throat really hurts. and my rash is back. pretty sure it's work. wonder if i can get disability or something. probably not... 
i thought of tweeting about something, but i forgot! 
it never fails. i work so hard towards something and finally thing it's going to happen, then i get fucked in the arse.   #london2009
Is bored out of his tree and wants something to do! 
@mwsmedia ha ha, i know. something is going wrong  went our twice.
@woody1221 buy me something cool!!!  i need to go to kohl's...going to the gym instead 
Procrastination update: The dubs don't fit  time to move on to something productive.
I need a funny movie or something.  Suggestions? i feel a little down 
I need something from starbucks right now 
About to go get something to eat then i have to study 
At work!    writing a newsletter about something of the politicar party that I don't know and I don't care...  great! *sarcasm*
@N_Scissorhands ..but..but.. you're supposed to know all things idol.  ... haha just kidding! i thought you might have heard something. :p
@pepperlive if u could please leave me a funny joke or something i would love it...ive got the homesick blues and need a major pick me up 
I really have trouble writing stuff when there's no audience for it. I'm sure that says something. Something about me 
broke something 
ooops the brownies got burned  might get something from the shops !
@rawrgrrrmeow i was so excited i was going to throw up but now i'm so sad so so sad like a clown or something 
was going to go for something summery but having already been outside it's not as warm as it looks  
i think i pulled something in my back    it kinda hurts 
@bobbyllew seems to be all episodes so must have something corrupted on pc will let u know if I work it out later 
@_smay i know  she has some sort of brain injury or something, and i was watching entertainment ronight and she might die 
I'm so freakin frustrated about something I shouldn't even have to feel frustrated about. Not fair. I need a shower. 
Wow, feeling like I'm actually getting something done. However now I need to stop and go to work. 
@stran9ee Seems to have gone away now. But reporting something or someone on twitter seems awkward to me. 
@notcontrary Cheers. I hope I don't have to argue, they might say it's my fault for wearing them wrong or something. 
@gshmaritz they will think i'm drunk or something...i'll ask my mom later what happened. it's really cold... 
is waiting around for something that i feel like won't be happening anytime soon.  as a side note, #familyforce5 . is. amazing.
So sick of studyin! Y did i pick science y couldn't i have picked something easier 
@beavt8r oh! i thought u meant a left off letter or something. sorry   if it counts for anything, he is way overworked right now.
@SynBen plus I would need to board him at a vet or something $$$ because he needs meds. 
I'm scared like hell  something's wrong with my computer or something is inside the internet 
@SarahFTW I know  sometimes i just pretend i have a superpower like when i say something it will be true. That would be an awesome power.
feel like i should do something...worthwhile. and possibly write my essay. but i don't want to 
And all of a sudden something I ate disagrees with me a lot 
Really sad - had a fight w/friend last week over something silly.  I apologized but he still hasn't called - I don't think he will 
@popbytes I swear I was supposed to live through that era...but something went horribly wrong 
weird mood like im worrying about something i dont know what it is yet, i just got a bad feeling for some reason 
@SoTickledPink can't! kind of in the middle of something 
@d_pascarella You just broke something opening my $800.00 blinds to the patio I'm about to get up and find out... 
@vivekk faaaaaaaack!!! I missed it  i knew there was something important happening today!!! Damnit!
@musewire Wow! I wanted something wackier  But oh well
@sasha81 I've been feeling the same too...something is going around 
My cat's paw is swollen loads and he's limping  I think he was stung by a bee or something, but anything could have happened tbh...
My cat's paw is swollen loads and he's limping  I think he was stung by a bee or something, but anything could have happened tbh...
#followfriday no idea what it is or why but I joined a cue once because I thought it might be something good and it was for cheap bananas 
@samuel why d status? i said something which i shudnt haf said. 
is back from the brithday dinner...must have ate something bad....feeling sick!   
@emmiiillllyyyyy ha! did you go to south knoll with me or something? i wonder what i looked like, ive always taken such horrible pictures 
Reallly want to do something tonight but need to stay in and revise 
@zpush everybody knows something i dont! i'm curious. i forget it's some kind of crime. 
@rustycharm No  I'm going to get something to eat and then try again.
@BigPapaZ yea, they are checking out the plane, something about a leak 
i so need a composer to write about! and i don't know who to do!  well...i'll find something anyway lol XD
Why is it when you don't feel good or you are waiting on something good to happen every minute seems like and hour!  
I'm going to cyprus today... But i don't have any money.  oh well i guess i'll get mom to get me something.
Definitely utilizing my free drink coupons on this flight. The guy sitting next to me stinks  I need something to distract me!!
i wanted to write something all deep and makes u think like everyone else does but can't think of anything 
prop 8... unfortunate  this isn't even something we should be deciding.
I'm not feeling too awesome tonight, think it was something I ate 
@strwbrrybliss yea  but i think he is getting better, he had something wrong with his chin
@samuraikitten something like that. 2morrow is supposed to be 82 or higher 
@davidhastopee u better get me something or meet me there when I'm off!  lol
@monipython ohh that's right! I thought u were referring to something else. And yeah i'm upset too! 
@monipython I don't even no haha like something that happened at school or something but yeah I'm upset about prop 8 
@scottrmcgrew  ya I'm trying to think of something witty to say but so far I got nothing 
I carpet burned my elbow while playing with the cat. :/  I'd rather have a major cut or something, trival things hurt the most. 
hot! i need to go take bath or something. its so hot over here 
I am starving... i think im gun go cook something... but... i just dont know what...  
@TimothyH2O nope. once you start something, you have to finish it 
can't understand why i feel so awful.its like im in a cloud or something 
I just read something that made me so sad about my lost youth 
it's already darkish outside &amp; I feel like doing something fun, not work 
@waferbaby: something's wrong with your wall, i cannot scrawl. 
@mrskutcher I think it may be because the companies don't want to get sued if someone eats something past the date and gets sick 
im really sadd. i officially like him  but he obviously doesnt feel the same way... there must be something wrong with me... =/
I want to do something special for my birthday, with people. But then I remember that I don't have anyone to do things with. 
i single-handedly ruined my own chance at something i really wanted. well i might not have and it wouldnt have mattered anyway but still. 
@jarekpastor I'm just starting to feel really panicky and anxious that something bad has happened cos it seems like it's been ages 
@soverpeck dude, i didn't know it was a personal experience. sorry something like that went down 
cant talk very well, just remembering about something once said to me...  not a good thing fucking bully nasty pieces of work arrrrgrrrrrr
@mcvie saying goodbye to something familiar never becomes familiar 
you ever come across something that reminds you alot of the one person that completely broke your heart? cause i just did 
@abduzeedo something wrong, layout of abduzzeedo site looks no good today, anyone? 
feeling like shit. hope its not swine flu or something 
@Jalanii awwww wat i was gonna buy myself something pretty  nvm
nothing could get worse, or could it? if it did i think id be on the verge of killing myself or someone else, things are not good anymore 
owww i think i tore something in my leg 
Its funny how I want something even more... now that someone else has it and i cant anymore    hahaha NEXT!
@ireallydohate nooooo dont do that.  I just get a rash of nobodies trying to sell me something. 
Hoping I hear something soon about Krystles surgery 
@JennyGnow It is sad... I feel bad when I hear it. They look like mid 30's. It's like something u wld see on lifetime 
I'm nauseous  I need a yogurt or something..
Really good concepts at #mozconcept. I *really* love to send something mine, but no time 
So sorry if i've been typing wrongly. usually, after i've typed something, i wont read. i'll just press the 'enter' button 
i really want some starbucks right now  needing to find something to do tonight..
i want a dog or a cat or something  i want something to unconditonally love, thats not materialistic or a family memeber 
disappointed! I forgot to tweet something really inappropriate @graphicphantom yelled in whole foods yesterday &amp; now I can't remember it. 
@qcmartinez That sucks  nobody wants to stay in and lounge? Or do something for free-99?
And I just saw something real sad on my lunch... A dog with two broken back legs. 
@natashaaaaaa awlll mann  we should meet up this summa or something!
@cbarrett just something different than all the text around it.  There's no difference whatsoever 
I may have come down with something; we're almost out of tissues!    this is not a good season  http://tinyurl.com/nccqya
it's friday! trying to find something to do 
@Imagelimited http://79.170.44.101/buma.ro/ temporary address not working either, m8. They must have done something to the domain 
I think i pinched something in my neck. 
i wanna do something tonight, but that doesnt look very promising 
@lizzie123x aww sweetie  you could always take a break and read or write something happier that'll make you feel better
at homee. bored plzz! someone txt me about doing something this weekend. 
Why would someone even do something like that, you gotta be pretty damn desperate for attention!!! lol poor keanu 
that 'preview' of a trailer for new moon was a joke...14 seconds. still watched it tho. twice. lol figured i missed something! still sick 
needs to find SOMETHING to wear to graduation. lol can't find anything! 
if i make some madeleines, i need to have a bake sale or something. god. boredom needs to = something other than baking 
@HeatherShorter wish I had something to toast with .... but all i have is a glass of water 
@amandamaria_ driving, but I think we already have a full car cause there is 4 of us, I'll let you know if something changes boo 
Wow - I am in such a bad mood.    Why is it that sometimes something said by someone annoying can just ruin your whole damn day?
@amandalaur yes ill be around in a few minutes after i do something real quick 
So sleepy right now....wish there was something good on tv 
tweeple!! my neck feels like I have a crook or something  I need a massage!
@BlowhornOz thats not good   you need to dance or something
@kimoraklein  I knoooowww. I feel like something nasty is coating my skin 
should sleep, so drunk/tired/weird. really do wish i hadn't said no. tried to fix something that's broken. don't like it 
@runaholickassy whatever the reason is, dreaming about something like that may mean that you're really bothered by it.  
@JenniferNajeer we love you!  And only wanted to do something nice.  
damn I hate when I put 110% into something and only get 30% in return 
wishes she could do something.  i pray to thee, artemis and apollo, to send her all that you can...
@CarebearJK but I never went and went to the store instead. But he thinks I'm up to something. 
@BDEugenio don't you hate how everything has a cliche? listen to you mind not your heart always leads to lost something you can't replace 
whats the word when you say something and its like.. ex something. like you say it and you're like  and you're exhausted? it's got dly too
wondering how these freaks always seem to find me? so creepy...I mean seriously is their something that bad wrong with me? 
i'm not really good guys .. i'm nervous .. feeling something strong inside of my heart .. i know why .. THIS is the problem  
@iAlex94 I'm not even allowed to go on dates to the movies because my parents think a guy would try to make out with me or something..... 
@CacheAdvance getting a pre, but have to wait until july    can run cachemate in classic until something better comes along?
@bryancheung Do you think I am a slut or something?!? 
@jetowey feeling very blue about the whole thing. Might put it on the back burner and write something more commercial 
I admire your overconfidence and innate ability to look in the mirror and see something that completely isn't there must be the drugs. 
@ymaethetrinket i don't have it anymore  currently being served  soweee trade something else?
I think I must have kicked something in my sleep because my toe is really throbbing now. 
@anib even the glitter lost its sparkle. the incense lost is scent. the music sounds drab. something broke 
wishes that we could still something.....  http://plurk.com/p/x6acu
right! BcI need something to keep my mind off you know who 
anyone wanna go on halo 3 or something? i'm bored! 
@howardberry I need something a lot stronger than lavender (although I like it) but my private doctor retired 
oh men,, i wanna make something sweet right now...  or eat something at least..
fakes suck. i almost died from excitement. that's disappointing.   class in half an hour. text or something.
@rohanbabu ah dude, we'll definitely plan something. I am looking forward to taking part in such events too, but quite busy right now 
There's something wrong with my stomach and digestive system. I duno if I can make it to rehearsal feeling like this. 
There was just something odee bloody and dead in the road  and I ran over it a liddol :-X sowwy.
@selenao04ever0o @lovatorock guys i want 2 tell u something REALLY REALLY important where r u  ?
witnessed something disturbing. will definitely not sleep well tonight. missing babah 
And of course just changing the bulb won't help with that light. Something else wrong with electrical system. I see $$$ being paid soon. 
Loving the weather.  Should be outside, picnic-ing or something. No - I'm stuck revising knowledge representation 
I need something to pull me out of an emotional slump I'm starting to fall into. Any suggestions? 
is bored! maybe i'll go to the mall or something! [but i dont have $$  ]
getting up early is whack  i feel like i need to be doing something, but i got nuthin...
result is...not much difference at all from my normal colour,... it hink i was hoping for something a little more of a change... 
@moradae lol, i think i miss it cuz im not 20something anymore and i can't stay up late anymore!!! *cry* 
I hate sitting here in this room, all my friends at the racetrack. It's like I'm grounded for something I didn't do. This blows! 
I am attempting to find something nice to wear up the pub but it's not going well at all 
just chilling in front of my comuper ... go for lunch or something don't kow just bored 
thinks she just did something really bad 
i had something really good to post earlier... just cant remember what it was now 
@kst8er76  I was working and i missed it  hope ic an watch in online or something
It's a kind of haul. And I was trying to do another haul from stuff from last saterday. But something disturbed me all the time 
@redyuu A kid in your violin lesson or something! 
Wish i could do something for matt 
I guess I'll just have to pull something out of the closet for tonight 
I really want toast. With like... cheez whiz or something... more oatmeal it is 
a disaster, my homemade skirt is too small  I need to change something
awake in the middle of the nite, worrying about something. It won't be a good 
@playspymaster something weird happned .. i already was playing but i can't no 
@yayyitsmary @ch3lseelately @amanderflander i really miss you guys  can we do something tonight?
@Sammeroni It's a really sad film no doubt, I can't imagine how terrible it must be going through something like that 
@KellStyles I'm sorry to loose your friendship - I hope it wasn't something that I did or said to cause you to leave. 
I feel like doing something linuxey, like setting up a mail server. But alas, nothing/no-one to do it for 
@kirstiealley ... wanted to say something about disorders, can't direct message though 
@Domsucks yeah i'm pretty sure 106.7 lost its funding or something so its gone  lol
i can't believe how stupid i've been. cause now i think i've lost something wonderful b/c i couldn't see it's worth when i had it... 
@DawnRichard my rain is when something bad happens to anyone in my nuclear or immediate family. I get real depressed 
Wishing there was something good on the radio 
@subzero77 Who would like me? I've missed something 
@crysbreezy still deciding I need to do something...my plans got cancelled! til 11 
Ugh feeling sick and wishing i had worn something nice 
I'm feeling so shitty  need something to cheer me up!!
Babysitting!  bleh! I want to do something fun!
when your finally happy..why does something bad have to happen?? 
@Jazina  don't know how 2 find u...went 2 the site, also went 2 the forum on ning..I must be stupid or something..shuks..now I'm curious!
@stxr what's wrong? I think I need to go read your blog cuz I seem to be missing something. 
@lilyroseallen lalalalala i am bored  do something funny :-D
At the tip top of the ferris wheel, but something is missing 
just had a shower... needs something to cheer me up.. blah... nothing ever goes my way 
~wanted something out of reach it's killing me you're all i see 
@emiwenis I don't get a rainbow led when I get texts  am I doing something wrong?
@justinngaston phew, okay i thought you did and thought something was wrong with us. but no not really i think im losing my bestfriends 
@Gabreael anything to do with teeth gives me the chills. 
Man I kusthad something to tweet about but forgot 
[-O] i wish there was something exciting for me rn  boring. http://tinyurl.com/kouo2g
@anoela1336 i have a feeling some serious banning is going to happen...i would...idk say sorry or something, i wish this didnt happen 
@rack__attack But I don't want to think! I just want to switch my brain off and see something trashy 
I am feenin for something sweet 
getting on roblox. going to look for something actully fun as a guest as i cant log in and guests cant talk 
So...i have to go to the doctor's because i have something wrong down there 
ate something wrong 
I got something stuck in my teeethh 
has the most painful eye like something in ittt argh i want to scratch it 
I've lost my glasses. The combo of losing something really expensive/not being able to see properly = double sad 
something feels different...in a bad way 
I can be soooooo lazy at times.  But when I'm doing something that I LOVE I put my mind to it.
stumach ache is back, can't breathe, headache.. i seriously think there's something wrong with me 
just woke up because of my grandad sawing something outside  its soo loud that even i cant get back to sleep and thats saying something:'(
wats to do something new! 
I'm up again mad early saw something a little unsettling on facebook, now I can't sleep   Why must it b so difficult to forget somebody?!
I hate that when your trying to find something your sure you bookmarked but its not there 
I hate my job, wish I could find something more fun. I hate banking 
Just hit something dead 
@nerdc0re month its the switch on my computer won't turn on....internal damage or something  http://myloc.me/2aZf
Stars are gone  But I found something better floating down! It's like a little black liney thing..
@pietrosavo do u have something that tells how to concentrate on my studies??? 
Is my body punishing my mind or something? jeez i just want a good nights rest. 
@kirstenj0y there must be something behind it all though, they must have had a feud 
@cathjenkin awww  poor fishy... get something shiny and hang it near a light, in the water... that will distract him nicely
I'm sad now..  I've lost something that perhaps I will never have again.. What a jerk I am.
something bit my leg!!! it's itching 
My foot is still sore and I'm still stuck inside revising  Just want to get out and do something. Girls just want to have fun!!
Unfortunately I didn't get a range level. Only got about 3k xp.  Ahh well, it's still something.
@Renire we should of done something today! 
no power  gone to nans to get something to eat!
something seems to be wrong w direct messages...can't get in 
@Noufah get me something plz 
wants to frolic in the sun but is stuck in the library attempting to learn something for 2moro's exam 
@BRiTT__  dude i finished the whole thing and i feel like i haven't drank at all last night.. is there something wrong with me 
Something is technically wrong.. damn. 
Oh dear, off to the docs tomorrow- something seriously wierd happening with my eye  (or ;-( more appropriately)
@MercedesMarie ugh me too! i always be really jammin to something, and then i find out its 8 months old. and i feel dumb  lol
anyone ever known that something was not going to work out in your favor, so you just gave up ? that's what i'm thinking about doing 
is not looking forward to mock number one tommorrow!    you took something perfect, and painted it red.
something's missing 
Dreading exams  Might get something new pierced tomorrow though then chatsworth to sort out these tan lines!
mmm  something happend with my picture here m 
On a rare occasion that I actually want to upload something to photobucket the site is down 
sidenote, I can't wait to get this behind me...and something else behind me for that matter...I  miss being funny 
@colleencoffeyyy I'd come and visit you and eat something there but I have no money and am not allowed to eat out anyways 
Just About to get something to eat then I'm going out for abit. Today has been boring so far 
off to buy me some theraflu- or something like it. or just keel me now. 
@sumares yeah cause you were paying for something, you can't use. 
actually when both options mean missing something important, even after deciding, there is anxiety. 
http://twitpic.com/6clmo - I was going for round, but there is something totally wrong 
me = shitty typer... i wish i had something better to do than read papers on schizophrenia right now 
Off work, my feets hurt  Looking for something fun to do...
@Meehsa buy me something!, turns out im not  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
its kinda hard trying for something youll never get. im just about ready to give it all up 
@lastfm Is something wrong with the server?! 
@myagi_minded nooooooo. pls, I can't guess at something I don't understand. ur setting me up for failure  but if I was to guess
@Lydiarobbins Oh noo that sucks  there should be a repeat on like tomorrow or something (Y)
I'm sitting at work  wish i had something to do after with anyone but i dont 
@Dojie that would soooo be something I would say!! Lol  meanie pants x
@lovelylaura7489 I hope you can find something to distract you from your trichotillomania. I understand the feeling 
trying to figure out something cute (but not over dressy) to wear to Zaphods tonight....I hate all my clothes 
@allieloves 'Much better, thank you (:' or something, and no it's not in my favourites   
needs to do something socially!! tired of bein here by myself. 
@lauzmur You can't dedicate to something then back out, thats not fair to us 
@lilyroseallen Is it both hands? I hope its not painful  I'm almost graduated as a chiropractor so might know something about it!
bored, stuck at home with no food. starving! someone want to bring me something? 
@jrdsctt   I hope that you change your mind soon.  you deserve something good.
I need something to cheer me up 
There is something living in my loft running around and keeping me awake. 
no work tomarow...a whole day doing nothing = getting in2 something...lol...no money 
@dystonic Man, if you were in Maine, I'd have a ton of reccs for you. Something else break in the house? 
bored out of my brains.. nothing to do  something good better come on tv soon!
i feeel like i'm going to pass out and i'm all lightheaded  thinking about things and going to sleep. text me something cute.
my laptop just did something really freaky. eek! it's only a year old!!!  
@mariahdawn   I don't know what I'll do if something happens to my granddaddy.
turns out i'm allergic to something in japanese curry 
@CandiCunningham wow you are going everywhere. It doesn't look like i can tag along to any of them   if something pops up local ping methx
@kuangxi and it freezes. I have nothing I can do... its soo annoying!  I guess its virus or something like that coz it's just so suddenly!
got woken this morning just before the resolution of a dream, has put me in something of a grump 
Still trying to get over this damn cold....I'm up all night hacking something needs to be done 
has heat rash. Or something 
I'm sad and I know I should do something but I don't want to,I just don't want to be sad anymore 
@sjespers yeah i suspect something with the nvidia chipset again 
I can feel my heart beating too damn fast... don't feel that good today... something smells fishy here 
reeeeeeeaaally wish i had a big garden. or just something bigger than mine. i can bearly walk 5 steps and ive reached the back! 
If only there was some kind of vitamin or something you could take to stop you from procrastinating.  All nighter most likely 
@missarrie well thats boring I wanted some sex story or something 
@mattwagster do you know something? I no longer think you're borderline evil, i think you're fully fledged. @Shepy has taught u well 
@likeomgitserika To be honest, I really don't know but my dad is assuming it's 5'2 or something. I iz small 
why do I have to be allergic to grass?! why not something that doesn't grow like...everywhere 
@IrishLad585 well I would say dance for me or something but I cannot see you!! 
am i a bad person?  i really hope this doesnt elevate to something worse...
bored hanging out at the house, trying to find something to do...was going to cedar point but its raining 
pulled something in my neck 
@lordog she's really old and apparently something is wrong with her liver  making me so depressed..
fighting the fever! ugh.  I think I'm coming down with something bad.
i hope kate doesn't have appendicitis  but at the same time i wish she does, because if it isn't appendicitis it could be something worse!
@laurapasik err ... yeah, something else we import now 
@ginahey she says she has something idk she's trying to pass it off like it's nbd but i'm worried 
@ginahey she says she has something idk she's trying to pass it off like it's nbd but i'm worried 
@omnifocusiphone Did I do something wrong to prompt this mega indentation? I can't see my folders.  http://twitpic.com/6ei0k
So emotionally drained  something good needs to happen before something really bad happens.
its june! but its mondae  at least i got something to look forward to on wed - http://www.onlyinsanfrancisco.com/taste/dineabouttown/
is really liking the sunshine but feels something/someone is missing today 
my gmail is getting flooded with spam lately   i wonder if i signed up for something or someone else signed me up for something....
@BadSuperhero @in4merz you're making me sad/angry/annoyed    are the votes being verifeid or something?
Something smells like poopy and I don't like 
is wondering what to write on twitter.......... hhhmmm ...theres nothing intersting going on  mayb i shud make something up.......
@ecpcorran aw   hopefully you'll get it soon.  Isn't everyone supposed to have it by the end of this week or something?
I'm so low right now, I could really do with something happening in my life fairly soon 
@AshleyHonsinger cool...I want something for travel but fees 
I can't get rid of this sinking feeling that something bad is going to happen. I'm trying to think positively, but it's been so hard. 
Why is it every time I'm &quot;happy&quot;, something bad always happens? Am I cursed or something?  
@QueenTrixiebell where are you oh wonderful wife!? I wanted your opinion on something, but you are too busy in a waterfull evidentally 
does laying down make athsma worse or something?? it might have been twilight, but now i can't breath 
It sucks when I try to do something nice &amp; thoughtful for someone &amp; they get pissed off &amp; throw it in my face, like I did something bad 
As I'm signing yearbooks, I impart something about them that I like and say that I want to stay in touch...probably won't happen for most 
A bad day is something you can deal with; a bad week is something else altogether. 
yay amazon package!  boo, its something i bought myself, not the gift i was waiting on 
@CT3GUITAR  be careful friend. carry a sword or something.
@SassySenna :texts: Yes, he did! And he didn't even notice until @RebeccaBlack_ said something about it! 
So boring...just lying in my bed  nobody wants to do something  http://twitpic.com/6ewu6
i want to write a blog but I can't think of something good to write about.. 
I was wrong - it's something worse than that 
i want to go out of my room and eat something but im trapped by a ladder 
@shineonmedia There's something wrong with your site. It's not letting me go on it. It said its temporarily unavailable 
Theres something with my wifi connection 
@kelsijeannn i hate it when my boyfriend ditches me and then i call him to tell him something funny and he doesnt answer 
@himynameisemmy awh omg  thats upsetting :/ is there a link or something to anything?
There is something seriously wrong with my ear 
@essteeyou yeah i suppose its not a hurricane or earthquake or something.. but like you say still major sad 
#meatlessmonday I need something quick and easy for dinner tonight! something u can make with kitchen staples.. i dont wanna go shopping 
@dannygokey mine is doing the same thing. something must be wrong with twitter today 
is getting tires.&quot;I hope something exiteing happens soon! 
People should talk shit to me on aim or something. I'm so freaking bored 
i record and record and record and record and i get better and better but still something is missing 
@caseymichaels too bad I haven't been outside today.   u make it sound like something fun to do
@TashaLxo why sit something i know i'm going to fail...  
Theres something in my eye and it stings sooo much 
@hott4ott29 weese, take something 
is antsy.....want to do something go somewhere.... anything.....bored and can't sit still....I hate this feeling!!!  
I think there's something wrong with my ipod 
I wanna do something but no one else ever does 
frustrated. I can't finish just one project for shit. Yet when I need to do something, here's a billion new ideas I don't have time for. 
Why is it everytime I'm at ranch something catches fire 
@the_tars oh, dammit.  I'm so sorry. I wish I could've done something to help. 
bored as fuck  need something to doooo!
@SoCalRyan ya something like that. . .      
I lost it  i think it fell down the sink or something. I'm kinda dissappointed in myself.
@champbear08 well don't take it out on carrie  she didnt do anything.. every artist is going to have fans who act like that..
Please hit in me in the head with something heavy, really heavy. - (via lovehopehate)  Why? http://tumblr.com/xbh1xfa4v
@alexandralay that happens to me except i always think im on a boat and then the boat hits a rock or something maybe its the titanic idk 
@Autibody tiring   pcl soon? Or something less lame?
@optimuscupcake no fair!! Mines like 20 or something... 
@JonathanRKnight U guy will b missed 4 sure.  But, maybe something will happen to make u stay? *crosses fingers*
I'm wondering if I'll ever get @chet_cannon to reply to me, we have the same glasses, I was hoping that would count for something 
@mmmbopmylife She does wonders, doesn't she? Is something wrong with your phone again?  I miss you.
@ModelMandyLynn  i usually get sick when something bad is happening in my life ... everything kool???
Oh and something big will be happening within the next month or two in my life! I'm not sure if I'm allowed to say anything, though  ugh
@bitchyliek why bitchyliek? lol couldnt it be something else? uhmm. bored to death. 
Doing something over here and something totaly different over there (mind - hands) ..WTF nick jonas! ..   I'm a cougar  ^.^
@kinkpink i know!!!  I hate the layout! I was expecting something better. 
@BeaMarqz dude, i swear. they should have placed it in the internet or something.  #whatsmysection #whatsmysection #whatsmysection
@JEFFHARDYBRAND sleep driving does suck...MAJORLY...you think something is wrong with the car at times when tired 
@simprograms something awfull with your site. 
I feel sad and down.. just found out something. It's hard to keep the real emotions and pretend nothing is wrong 
@HarryHarley @artfanatic411 ate something I shouldn't have 
I'm tired of phylogeny  .... want to do something else.
@chonnymo and, still no job....i'm beginning to wonder if i'm even employable anymore or something 
@twilightfairy I absolutely agree.. I'll even work 10 hour days or something for it.. But I just dont see it happening anytime soon 
@S_sS go to setting you big fanny! look for 'mobile' its something 2 do with ur phone thats why... i want a nudge 
i'm currently in sad panic mode with all these talks!    did i just miss something?!?!?!  will i ever get to see @nkotb after 20 yrs!
There's something on my mind...I can't sleep! 
going to the doctors soon  then to college, i wana do something tonight!
I'm having the worst allergic reaction to something. 
@joshthomas87 believe it or not im too young to be a generation  i think im a gen Z or something..strange..
something gone wrong with my system. file icons of associated programs missing??? 
@_EpicFail that is definitely not good  I'd legit hit anybody who ever said something mean about you if i could.
@Tigerlillylolo  how about the 'alternative' treatments like yogurt or something!?
trying vainly to transfigure the TV into something edible. i'm hungry! 
I really need a hug or something. I'm wanty and not wanted 
i have something stuck in my eyee. everyone's asleep; who's going to blow it out for me .. 
i think there is something wrong with our kitties... they have no interest in food 
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh no. Yay for being ill again over something out of my control. Why why why. 
feeling really good! kinda scared something will bring my mood down 
@shanegibson I was expecting something different. 
sometimes wat is on ur mind is not something u should say out loud  
@memelaroo me too  i need something stronger than zyrtec
Why is it patch day everytime I am going to do something awesome? I was going to hit 80 today! I had video equipment and everything1 
@Bunnieblog were you in a tornado or hurricane or something? 
I should probably eat something seeing as I've only had about 200 calories today. Nothing sounds good though. 
something bit me on the foot, now it's swollen and sore 
Wow everything has been going so good in 2009. I knew something would have to finally go wrong this year. But did it have to be now? 
@brendonuriesays I watch his show. He is fucked. He ate something that was in animal shit. 
In a matter of 2 days I find out that 2 of my friends have cancer.  They both should hopefully be okay...never something easy to deal with
@claudiajordan how come u answer other tweets except mine  ? U have something against Cakalak boyz?
oh and of course.. something has to fail 
Something bit me twice. Now im really itchy 
I have been coughing so hard i swear to god i am going to like choke or die something 
@sashamilky that sucks  hope you find something that works for you
fighting the compulsion best i can. cooking dinner. some random potato and chicken thing or something. Always run out of mushrooms  Always
I'd need to have something i can upgrade and play with lol...which unfortunately means the mac pro  i'll keep saving my pennies!
@meghornby nothing  i just looked at something now im sad and my stomach feels funny  haha you? x
didn't do anything the entire afternoon...  i feel so useless! gotta start reading again or something.... just to do something stimulating
right im going to get something to eat and then its back to the studying 
and now for something completely different. math. 
hates this feeling sooo much  but I'm going to do something about it....
.... another very awe inspiring site and something I found very romantic - shame it was only me who felt that way - boohoo 
@solitarybelle i'm sorry you're in so much pain!!  wish there was something I could do! feel better!! ((((big gentle hugs)))
finalizing my packing. for some reason, i can't shake the feeling that i'm forgetting something. 
I am starving and we are fresh out of food.  dont ask why i'm up this early, it has something to do with the new flavor of invisible k ...
bordem taken over now!! desperatley need entertainment or something before i crack  x x
Its the saddest thing when you spend weeks creating something only to watch how much it fails 
wish there was something i could do about the pain 
@jenblower: aw, pity  should borrow you a wheelchair or something!
@edwbaker ooo i dunno if i can make it  gotta stay in lab and work...or something like that haha!
i woke up late today, 11:40. so now i feel like i can't get anything done  though i have this photo of a flower i just took. i'll paint it
@foldedmemos nah i'm completely untalented when it comes to writing  but i can record something random. dunno.. i'll think of something ;)
@maomarty I hope you aren't talking about me.  I swear I would have got something done/been online if I could of. You know this, y/n? 
it's heartbreaking when you see someone you haven't seen for over a year and they've deteriorated something awful. made me sad 
@dprince2124 Hes not gaining any weight. They think its something enternally wrong with him.  S*D*P* &amp; T*K*K*
@endlessCities makes me nervous that it says something about unrestricted access 
to get something done right one must do it oneself..  i'm tired of being me...
Something more reasonable, how about we invent something to make cat pee not smell so damn awful and impossible to remove? 
@msninacat    stare at candace for a bit. I'm sure she'll do something that will distract you. 
something bit the bottom of my big toe and it hurrrrrrts 
@angelzrfree hey just read your blog  i'm so sorry but i know that you will figure something out. you and italy belong together!
can't we save the big shoulder look for winter.  there's something about all that padding that does not appeal to me 
@TaylorR21 thats mean    maybe i found something to spend my grad money on
It's always something: need a new starter. 
@roxycottontail something's wrong w the download 
not having the best day...need something to do .. &amp; someone to join me 
there has to be something toxic in the air because everyone is having relationship problems or they're sick! 
 there was a questionable something embedded in my sucker that didn't look edible..had to toss it
@jjjamiie  well if she does, text me or something
@Nelly_Nelz  cook something I hungry 
@reeming  You should ask a vet or something....what does the red thing look like? It's possibly red streaking.
off to go pack  I made a mistake donating my room for the weekend- I have to hide all naughty things too- bound to forget something :/
I know we need the rain...but everytime I get time to do something it starts storming  bummer
looks like i did something wrong...  ooopss i mean my names #mcfly wat u expect..
@ILikeBubbles I keep trying to think up something for your #FlowchartFriday but my mind is stubbornly blanking 
@FTSKBrittanyy me too  and after reading that story, i want to write something funny. but apparently all my ideas are just depressing :/
@ddlovato I know what you're saying demi but sometimes when someone says something enough to you it doesnt matter what you tell yourself 
@siriuslyhazzap no :/ there's not. but I think you can download something. This is where macs start to fail 
dying to do something this evening - can't find anyone in town lookin to party or dig some sushi... 
@tedroddy Shoot. You got me to deny something 
@ChuckHall you dont generally hear about the good customer service, sadly. only when something goes bad 
I don't feel right. I'm hungover &amp; something is wrong. I'm not working tonight because I want to go to urgent care.  give me drugs
old TV just picked up for spare parts. at least i made something out of it 
it's my fault for believing in something so hard that hardly seems possible anymore.. 
i think i have a cold, and i can't have any medicine for it  baby might get dizzy or something
not feeling 100% today - think I'm coming down with something.... 
@ddlovato but what if we don't believe what were saying? i mean how many times can we say something to make ourselves feel better? 
Me no feel well  there was definately something different about that curry. I feel sick.
i want something from the cheesecake factory 
want something more than job but can't fig out what?? 
@AlliRamen HELP! when i try to email a band for a mission a message pops up saying i have to redownload aol or something.. what do i do? 
@scrying, m is tired of regular eikaiwa in japan, he'd prefer to do something else, but can't find a visa to support his preference 
thinks people really dont understand even when their words to you say they do  u think something then realise something else
So, what have we all found in the city?: i finally found something..a glock! lol  http://tinyurl.com/p5e8v9
@SummerRP I need something 2 make me less depressed cuz of me now being a freshman 
it is raining something fierce down here 
hey @webdesigner2 lolll thank you but nobody saw that  you have to put something infront of the @ctayah LOL like i just did to u
errr bored  givee me something to do!
needs to go see his doctor, but hasn't got the desire to get out of bed  i think something is wrong. again.
All the code I wrote in the last two weeks = gone  I think I should try to learn something from this.
@ShaylaBColeman figures. Don't go outside and say something. It probably wouldn't end well 
I feel so nauseated. I need to do something with my life. I've gotten used to doing nothing 
Wayyyy too late for me! I'm waiting for something to finish downloading and it's taking forever. I just want to go to bed 
I'm quite the joke to you. Why am I wasting my time on something that will never happen? 
@Killaya Awww is something wrong that I missed?  I will talk to you later sweetie &lt;3
Trying to find something interesting to watch on TV ...... there is nothiiiiiiing 
@AppleMaster10 ya and she was in pain; she would cry everytime someone left her laying down liek she knew something was happening to her 
@pacethestairs No its not that, something to do with vista apparently 
@lime_green - that's so awful. i'm so sorry. i wish there was something i could do. 
 need to go find something to wear for tonight. Plah.
i feel really unwell  got cold. going to search for something.
@dvroegop yes... somehow there is always something in the way.. 
How is it possible to feel SO bloody guilty for something that isn't entirely my fault? 
wishes that when he asks a celeb something they would answer back 
@sarahebuckner How are you doing? I hope you are doing something extra fun today to make up for what you're not doing. 
@monkeylaydee argh me tooo. wanna hear something disgusting, i just woke up 
Leaving. Goint to buy the gift all by myself  hope I manage to find something
@panacea81 wouldnt let me  said it was private or something
just checked behind all the drawers (and found something extremely important to me) and now the drawer is stuck and won't go back in 
im bored as shit too!  since i gave you something to make, give me something to do 
I broke my stapler and I need to staple something 
Finishedddd. I feel like something sweet. And we have nothing 
@ryanpaulrushing @bellaluna93 i hoped to say something witty bout cows and ranches but i'm too tired to think of anything funny. 
725 - 935 but i still have to go. ali needs help with something and i have calculus stuff to make up 
yeah i failed. whatever its not like it actually counts for something... 
@nikkatron I've NO idea where that is and my exam finishes at half 4  i'll come the week after or something cause i finish my examson 15th
is sad because something's stuck under letter T  http://plurk.com/p/yw9u7
@kayak as I said earlier today, you know you've done something right when others copy you 
@rbonini I've just noticed that it's down too. Just when I was going to make a comment on something. 
@PhotoCriticNews When you tweet something with FredParker, it ALWAYS has the same title 
wonders if that was an appropriate way to show my interest. I guess, at least I did something right? Also, someone locate my glasses! 
wonders if that was an appropriate way to show my interest. At least I did something right? Also, someone locate my glasses! 
everyone apart from me seems to be having fun or doing something interesting today!  meh!
@cacatlover MMussing would be much more appealing if he didn't send out 20-30 tweets/ a single day -loses something when it's over done 
A little upset. I've been up since 6 something this morning and still no word from my baby. 
 Only @ninapolitan is giving me #twinicks? C'mon I KNOW you call Robbykins something cute!!
hi every one i'm bored need to do something exciting 
@elizabetty unless you can do something creative with subsequent burn marks, you're out of luck. 
I knew something bad is gonna happen and now my life is going down the hill 
@thattallchick25  mama I am so sorry  is it over something possibly fixable? sometimes ppl have to step away to understand what they have
@Kiwidarling  I'm sorry. you doing anything today around 3? We could go to coffee/icecream/a movie something to cheer you up.
just woke up from nap. I'm kinds hunrgy but not really. I wanna do something!!! 
Wants to go to arby's subway mcdonalds or dq or something 
@wtfuckk i can't  i need take a shower and eat something!
Ugh! I've got something in my eye and it won't stop hurting! It's like someone's sticking a fork in it 
at work  -hopefully something fun tonight!
got a banging headache and can't stop shivering,  think i might be coming down with something 
car wont start...I think its something with the gear shift. will be late to work 
@jane_volturi1 I dunno it. but it's a mannequin or something 
@marginatasnaily its nuts..just says you have been twittering too much try again later!  It must be to stop it bein too slow or something!
I hate feeling crap about something that should make me really happy 
@mandyrose4u i knoww  i feel bad for them! they would NEVER do something to make fun of someone
@Rolacolaandalex okay well we better do something. It's been waaayy too long 
Home alone until 8, missing something 
I'm so stressed right now I just want to cry. I want someone to tell me a nice story or something  lol
Someone or something killed my pumpkin!! 
pointless trip .. i wish i had something to do tonight 
Oh, and another wink from @AdelaideCorr. I feel special     But I hope it's not a facial tic or something 'cos then I'd feel real bad 
I'm going to do something completely opposite of myself...do my history homework! No more writing until tomorrow  I miss you laptop&lt;3
tweet probably later tonight , if not tomoorow when i get home or something. 
ventrilo or something i did with it tottaly fucked my audio  luckily system restore exists
@iamamro Yes, very clever , unfortunately if anyone tried something like that here some dreary official would stop it on H&amp;S grounds 
It just sounded like a spaceship. I thought I was getting abducted or something. I'm disappointed I didn't. 
@the_duckie  and there is nothing that the docs can do ?? An operation or something to make it better ?You can't stay with the pain 4ever
@WildkatEdgerson  I wish I could go back n study something I'm passionate about. I feel like I was 2 young back then 2 know any better 
@Edisonneil cause I didn't get to go!  something came up. but was it good?
Oh my kitten is outside and it is dark and it is all alone and i am worried if something happens to it ill die 
lost something green and very near and dear to me... please return 
Just got home from work, starving and there's nothing to eat here  hmm mybe I shud cook something.
hahah :/ like seriously, i neeed to eat something 
Is excited to go home but doesn't want to let go of something so dear and close; my sister 
really should go look for something to have for brunch  http://plurk.com/p/yyybd
Starting to draw something for @trent_reznor because he sounds really upset 
@thatswhack74 *hugs back*i hate his guts and so does my mom hopefully she does something about him soon!!! 
@ShimTheDream aww.. you're making me sad....  i wanna bowl to pack... &amp; something to put in it.... i miss my glass collection 
@stevencarrier lets chill sometime this summer? we still haven't met. i dont know if its that you lost interest in me or i did something 
ouchie, pulled something 
@gageneral I got my mini me  lol and I really wanna sip something
wanting something out of reach is killing me 
i really really could use something/someone to take my mind of this week. like, man. soo intense i cant cheer myself up like i usually do 
@njward  which shuttle do you have? it looks like i need to upgrade mine to something with a bigger psu... 
I colored my hair, and it doesn't look anything like I expected   It's all bright roots...  I need something good to happen for once.
i've got a craving for something. i just don't know what 
my bestie and i had a fight over something soo soo stupid. 
@busy_living Aw bummer, and it looks like the sims3 upload was deleted due to violation or something 
something wrong with my firefox 
god i need to force myself to eat something.  my tummy isn't going to feel better without food in it. 
 Going to change my username...my friend thinks it's corny... Haha...but..I'll just try something else out... :]
@anz_rocks19  woke up with a bad stomach  think it was something I ate last night 
I probably forgot something. But i was rushed in my drowsy state. Not fair. 
@Veronicah86 I didn't do anything  we were suppose to do something for my friends bday but he never called me.. And on..
@fayree That's so crap that you can't go  hopefully we can both go next year or something! I can phone you during motley crue if u want?
@Maylaffayza oooh now i felt bad  was it from an accident or something?? hope you get better soon! &lt;3
@hayashi_hoshi sucks!  (I must admit I haven't seen that movie though) I wish I had something better to say, but I don't quite &gt;&lt;
I hate when I know I'm not supposed to do something &amp; I do it anyway  but sometimes I cant stop myself
Just ran over something in the road  feeling kind of disgusting
@kiarajonas really ! i found out like 4 days ago or something, i couldn't believe my ears, i started crying !! lmao 
needs something... someone...  http://plurk.com/p/z1vd6
Something doesn't run properly. I hate this! Ahhh calm down rima.... 
it takes losing something you love, to know how much you loved it.... i miss you big bag of tesco coookies 
Just eat something and now I feel sick  hopefully we will open soon I am watching fight club!
is revising for latin litriture tomorrow.   someone do something to make me happyyyy.
i'm fucking hungry, but i'm too lazy to go out &amp; buy something... there's nothing to eat here 
One lesson I've learned was that i shouldn't hold on to something that can never be mine... 
ok, so it looks like everyone else is out having a life tonight, i guess i'll go and watch conspiracy theory or something 
@bubblegarm you are gonna kill me...i'm not taking it!!!  only because i want something more challenging...i've done the makeup thing ...
says church stinks today! No, really... sewer gas or something 
i have to do something to feed my boredom.  any suggestion pls?
I'm bored,the boys are discussing something I dont understand so I better be quiet.booooo 
s000 many shittie remixes 2day. i keep thinking i'll miss something 'essential'. so, i keep downloadin'. cancer, internet is. 
Now I'm about to wash the dishes.  later I'm going out to eat or something.
needs to do something productive soon! im soooo left behind by my friends  oh well.. will sleep first. HAHAH.
Touched something I was allergic 2 and my arms are red 
@miss_r There should be. I hate that you have to expand every thread  But I think there's something in the works...
@katearistides yes yes you may, i found 2 pairs i like. shocking&amp;also i can't go shopping tomorrow so will have to find something else 
damit! i've done something wrong, but i cant figure out what, i keep getting the damn HTTP 404 error! i forgot where my files were saved! 
has wasted a whole day waiting for something that in my heart i knew would never happen.back to square one..think i might become a nun 
I needed help with something today and realized I don't have any real friends, the kind that come over when you need something.  
@alannaaaa I know, I thought my spotlight bar had exploded, but thunder/lighting together means it's like in our road or something 
is there a known issue with PageMethods and caching? something ain't right, maybe been looking at code for too long 
I hate when I say something and then someone says something else and of course I'm wrong I think I should keep my thoughts to myself 
wishes he could o something tonight but has no money 
I had something 2 twit but i 4got wut it wuz 
@freakinserious He was only about six when I lost him - he went wandering in the woods &amp; something got him. 
@lauzylouu imagine if we would have been there haha thatd be bad  id probz pee myself or something haha
@nnova no  i wish.... i have to think of something cheap and easy to do!!
Something bit my boob  not cool...
wants to draw something airy and fun. preferably involving a friend or two...but...is sooo out of practice 
I feel much smarter after 2 solid hours of reading something other than fic, now noming cheesecake... but my bbs are not in sight 
@Psychopathya I'm sure it's just disabled or something, but you'll have to get in contact with them. alla y3eenich 
@jenrolton oh dear, i kinda know how that feels  you just need a big hug and maybe something sweet for the shock
And now I head home, hoping something will happen later, but past experience has taught me not to expect it 
@feedly did u guys revert back to nav at the top?  noooooooooooooooooooo   perhaps this is something I can customize?
There's something seriously wrong with my shoulder 
I bought myself a new external hard drive. I had another one awhile ago, but I did something to mess it up 
@meganlucinda yeah, they need to do something epically funny or i'll just stop watching 
I think passing out means something is wrong?  bloodwork tomorrow
@Jawnboy ....not reaching brainfeeder anymore, ties in with something i have to do  *crying real tears b*
@crzydaisy awqwwww lucky!!!!  buy me something
the food won't be ready anytime soon  I'll find something else to eat until then.
@coldlove believe me, i know how you feel. before i know it, i'll be, like, 50 or something. 
@fallapart sigh I thought we were onto something 
Bugging out cause something's wrong with my laptop 
i really really need eat something 
@tell_vesper hahaha. I wish. I think there's something wrong with my phone. 
i just wasted one week of my holidays! need to plan on something fun  before everything ends....
 not in the best mood but about to go get something to eat and then watch tv with the sister.
@grandin LOL! I was wondering if there was a setting or something for that - I guess not 
@mystiquejewels aw  try to fit something special in? bath, listen to music, have fresh fruit, etc.
@gypsyville Did anyone tape it? I'm still debating smug rock - I think I'm coming down with something 
I always feel like an idiot when I want a signed copy of something -- I can never think of something for the author to write. 
@YoungReizy: so, you moved on to daphne?  i thought we had something special. :L
@enslaved2564 Awww why?  I was feeling sick in the morning, but something tells me it is not physical on your part. 
@websitejeff awww you r not ugly! (via @OneRideWarrior) see I say something nice and you ignore me.... 
Aw, there's something wrong with keel tequila 
@jannikolaas no he didn't... looks like someone forgot to push record  or something went wrong along the way of recording it... pitty!
@nessa188 Not that I can remember. I've liked a few since NKs, and I can't quite recall something like this ever. 
@joshkim I'm sorry, we dont  its hard to apply something like that with so many hackers, spammers, etc out there.
ohh. i hate when out of nowhere a bad feeling comes upon you right now i feel like i miss someone.  or something.
#iremember when Sundays actually meant something to me 
@marginatasnaily is there such a thing   hopefully see something i like the look of,,lo.x.x.x.x
@kenitasu NO! eugh, its really annoying me. cause it doesnt air here to something like august? i'm not sure 
@Atreyumystic hi! something seriously went wrong with our internet connection  i just hate it. ...
I want to do something when I finish work but there's no one to play with 
@bradiewebbstack something to do with powers...but that show scaresthe shot out of me bradie 
wondering how i managed to agree to give a presentation on something i know absolutely nothing about 
my parents know how to piss me off- asking me to do something that i already decided i was doing. twice. 
@tommcfly hi tom, how are you? i have bad news..our puppie lily..is dying.she has something called pavo and its fatal in puppies  x
@McFlyStarGirl21 thats okay, it has something called pavo..its very fatal in puppies..she isnt going to make it 
i need something exciting to happen ... life is so mediocre right now 
ooh its actually really warm outside, i want to do something todayyyyy 
@jennmarie226 jealous I still have like 100 and something - and they havent even announced dates 
My friend just txt me something unimportant. Bitch woke me up 
@loganbraswell the worst part is he still eats, plays, lounges. he just looks like something out of a marylin manson nightmare 
@cozbysweater hmmm... I'm sorry  I hope something works out soon for you..
@bogwhoppit they are afraid he will take advantage or something, which i know he wont cos its been 2 months and he hasnt! 
@boomthreads that sounds like something you say when people have in fact become ugly 
@buffywoo I totally understand you... same problem with my family  here's something to cheer you up http://tinyurl.com/kpr343
needs something to do! I'm sooo bored 
@Coolkidstar08 damn bae  try and eat at least a little something
Sometimes it can be difficult to impress the seriousness of the situation on someone until you're forced to take action. 
Is there something wrong with paypal? Why all my payment is declined? 
@huey0929 It's ok... it's better then doing nothing! LOL. But I really wish i was outside doing something to day and not sitting in here. 
@SamStreet69 I couldn't get any  they've burrowed underground or something
Man, I hate messing with hard coding, you're bound to break something by changing it 
@prettyodd89 I wish it were easy  everyone tells me something different.
Wondering why my shoulders hurt? If anything my legs should ache from running...hope I'm not coming down with something horrible... 
im starving and want something extremely delicious when i get home.. however, i have nothing to eat at home 
I need something to cure the boredom that I unfortunately have 
I hate it when I go to the shop and forget something small but important. I now have to go back just for some spread. 
somebody know something of brazillian's history?  hahahha good luck for me
This is just not fair at all. I didn't do anything wrong!  Even the lady over the phone said so.... augh. I get something nice for once...
feels dumb she went to her car to get her flip flops and grabbed something else and now has to go all thw way back 
I'm glad when I get to do something creative, however, most of the time they just want me to &quot;spruce up&quot; a powerpoint with clip art. Uhg. 
I've been going to the same deli by my office for years now and the guy that works there watches me like I'm trying to steal something. 
Here's something I LOOOOVE doing: color correction! 
hates this. why did i eveeeeer get myself involved in something like this.. hmmmph 
Its amazing that u think someone can truly hate you for something u never knew u did when in fact they may have never remembered who u r 
@sjk46 that's not the same  oh well I'll try to figure something out
@Sicknastyjessie I don't now i must did something and idk what.. 
OK, so I got layout changes down pat - now to think of something to say........... .....hmmm...........always clam up under pressure 
i feel awful! i'm starving, but everytime i eat i throw up! i feel fine until something's in my stomach 
@amandapalmer The stream is working wonderfully now, thank you! Also, I'd get something if I weren't broke 
so far,summer sucks.i am NOT happy  someone needs to like...text me or something.seriously.
On top of everything else, I'm having an allergic reaction to something and now my lips are all swelled up. 
@inflatableheart should of known, it always has to mess up when i'm doing something 
can't sleep at the moment. my gf loses her job in just over a month.  I'm sure she will find something. just not sure what.
I feel guilty, cause i stole something today..not really stole just borrowed without consent 
@dharma_punx aw,shoot  well, give me a follow or something and perhaps next time if I'm still here
@patfreakinjones do something funny 
@loveinjoeinct darn i knew that was you i shoulda said something sorry  I dont even know what she looks like...didnt even notice her..
@nickjonas Not meant to sound like a threat or something... Why do I bother when I know you are not reading this. 
@JaymeROXann And it's twice as hard to be motivated to find something to do when your bored. 
you do something for an hour, look in your mailbox and it is full 
has bronchitis   ....ready 2get  better and .... for something new ......wants big changes to happen in my life and soon .......
Oh snap, my 5$ gift card works... so now I know its not a scam... but shipping for anything off the website is 5.50$ 
@IndieSF hopefully you try to make it interesting and get something different every time? i've eaten everything at the airport already 
@havenward now that you say something I am too   and it's too late for me to go and get food, can't wake the folks
@nousavonsparris  i'm sorry your travels were a letdown. When I get back we'll definitely make something happen!
@Pillarmusic rob that's awesome hair! I wish I could do something like that 
says tell me something i don't know. buddy   http://plurk.com/p/118zd3
@lee0007 but I have so many lovely people I'd love to correspond with on it  You sound like you know something at the 'hot scoop' level
@daniellefab i noticed  i'll deal with it, maybe if i...i dunno do something bad when you write about twilight i can condition you to stop
someone or something was just sprayed by a skunk... how do I know? bcause our house now faintly smells that way. 
@rbates now if only we could get something equally as special for us windows users. 
@nuttykristine Haha nope, just a meeting about something... no show... bummer 
does anyone know that site called ilike or something and it has a drawing game. I forgot what it's called 
online shopping for fathers day, better order something soon, he 'claims' he doesnt want anything 
I saw something funny today that I wanted to post to wrongworddammit, but I can't remember what it was 
@itsdanniii yeahh! being all flakey and on and off, really isn't something that anyone can build a foundation on  breaks my heart to say!
oh shit. something bad happened in my family  hope it gets better
may have just done something i will regret! we will find out on thursday 
@phoenixpwns I know but its something to do. I don't have an xbox like you 
i think i sprained something on my foot 
2 hours left to try and learn something that will help me pass chemistry...... anoins? iron? ethyne?? 
@TnMChris It is quite something. I mean, I could go to alternative, but I don't like other hairdressers... fussiness much 
i want to take a photo of something... but I am stuck inside waiting for a delivery 
i feel that something's happened to my health 
going to go and find something else in liquid form that will fill me up. i dont like not being able to eat 
wonders is there something wrong with you..?  http://plurk.com/p/11d2ct
finally getting something to eat why do people have to ring on my lunch break when all i want to do is eat and chat to my g/friend 
If I wasn't a copper I think I would do something stupid. 
Biscuit and gravy baby  how can something so delicious make me so uncomfortable?
lol letdown  hahaha, i was hoping something bad would happen :p
Ugh I feel like I've got something in my eye, it's so irritating!  But I couldn't see anything in the mirror 
@youngyonny lol i've never seen anything like that..even on tv...&amp; she ordered a slim latte...i think something's wrong 
How did he split his webbing?? Sounds awful! I get nervous when my dogs tear around my yard that something like that could happen. 
#haveyouever said something to someone u care about that ruined ur entire relationship with them 
@dianafariza the reason I sleep at the evening is because I wanna watch movie with u!     (I have something in my eyes)
i need a coffee re-fill! the something sweet never came! 
must stop playing farmtown and actually write something 
yeah @erincarrasco i think so. I need motivation to get up in the am. i was doing SO well  #Tweightloss or something right @AudreyMcCl ...
@MzAnnieBannie jeez jerk, coulda texted me or something, i was really worried you like died or something  even had dreams about it!  
more &amp; more arguing.  everyday it's something I did wrong. WTF?
@geniemo I know.  we should do something nice for them.
Just thought of something...made me sad...damn...  **sigh**
just found my phone! yay! haha i was about to go into epileptic shock or something from being without it so long 
@realtin its not mine  im looking for something like that. your  one looks amazing!! :-O
@KinkyFro lmao You'd think so, wouldn't you, but no, seems to have something to do with beauty tips &amp; cosmetic surgery. Is it a hint? 
I wish I could do something besides turn my nerdy avatar green.   #iranelection
Yaaay.. back, but : ... I'm going to get tired! .. awww, hungry!!  I need something to eat... *kitchen*
I seem to be stuck for words this evening, my mind is like a void waiting to be filled with something, my belly however feels full 
something funny going on with my toe 
@squidgey46 that sucks  maybe try and clear your inbox or something and then if all else fails, go to a shop?
I don't have the flu... but I definitely have something.   Why am I not in bed?
too cold for the beach  tryin to find something to do.
@Chinkerbell  you ok? need a hug or something?
My plants are dead...  something tells me I don't have a green thumb lmao
@nhaines But it is more attractive to see or read spanish language support or something like that an events or I'm wrong??? 
Why is my life soooo boring??    I wish something really good would happen for once !!! 
@mrs_chainsaw I'm going assssss an artist or something else, not really sure yet  I'm just excited 
@louis_mallow still looking. let me know if you find something...  I use gwibber, but it's still in development... 
guys whats up ??? i am new here can you say something ..i am feeling 
@charlyrae NO clue  a diagram to scale of something??
@Lyrical_Lawyer *hugs* im sorry to hear that. I wish there was something I could do 
Wants to do something fun.! But can't!  Because it's hard to have fun if no one is here to do anything or have any fun with you!
omg i just did something by accident and i didnt mean it  but i cant tell u guys sorryyy
@Poetiz allergic reaction to something 
@AmazingPhil that happens to me too. it sucks how u can never do everything since u have to do something else, then you CAN'T do anything 
chillin at home with ruben. looking for something to do when i know i should be packing or doing something college related 
I am allergic to 9 items... some else or I am alone? 
@jordanmitcheld aww whys? we should chat later or something i miss u 
@Shanedawson :L nice :/ i'd usually be laughin my ass of at something like that just not today 
Damnit. I wish I still had internet! I hate it when I don't appreciate something I love 
damn i wish i thought of something gay like this.. i culd have been a millionaire. 
@kayleeosaurus I'm too warm to sleep, but I'm soooo tired. I think I'm coming down with something 
why is it that when you can't have something u want it soooo badly?! I need sushi in my life, and a smoke.  
@falconwrath its okay  it might not be anything, not yet, lets wait til someone knows, nick should know soon
@readysteadystop i knew you'd have something to say about it, haha. what happened on the radio? @4ndr34 idk i was scared 
@DjJonnyMatrix see  meanie! &amp; I was thinking about getting u something lol
@firetiger99 we didn't go something came up we had to get done lasted later than I thought 
@LuckyMagazine missed it  can i get a repeat on the web or something?
@BritRoshambo  i lack the tools to make said banner  lol you could pull an ally and replace the one i made with something better
@MindiLSmith really? thats awesome i thought you were a model or something :-P I jsut have a measily 370 Z 
 waaaaahhh. ohyeah i had something to do eeee. haha
@ChuckNerd well, if I don't have to buy anything and can make something with what we have, then I do! But I have cooked in a few days. 
Wants to eat something laaaaar. 
@ThEiCyChiLL ok .. watch something interesting or funny ! or horrible .. im running out of idea babe 
I'm looking for something to do. Plans for the evening fell through. 
fuck, everything online i usually buy is out or something. What a time to be short on clothes 
@MotoWife Unfortuneately--I doubt it. But I haven't even heard of any east-coasters getting it yet. It could be 8am or something.. 
I am deep in thought about something... I'm confused... 
@Aness1018 aww man...kinda upset i missed it! i wish i had tivo or dvr or something 
Wait!!  @joeymcintyre said something that made everyone want to board the gutter bus and I missed it?  
i only speak when i need something?    i'm such a mooch.
my laptops screen keeps blacking out on me even when I'm in the middle of something. I hope it's not broken  maybe I need to shut it down
@AlexxuPsycho ... u made me believe that i did something wrong...and i just don't know what i did  so pls tell me :-&lt;
@SandiMon @endlessblush  is the eye thing related to the flu, or is it something else? 
Making me some oatmeal. The clostest I'll get to something sweet right now. 
@JavaJunky  yeep. I think something is wrong with me...  I used to love sleeping.. Haha
@CTK1 it sucks! They better do something. 
There is something specific i have a taste for but i dont know what 
why must i feel this way every single time i try to even get with somone its like i am cursed or something srsly ugh 
I so need something to help adjust stock levels  either that or a much bigger house LOL
@simonech every time I register for community conferences there's something or someone that make me cancel  look forward x your feedbacks.
I wonna go to glastonbury  I think that i'v forgotten something  xxx
@exmoorjane I think it should be something parent want to do for their daughter. We had to pay for our own  but we gave a budget to our...
gosh gosh my heart can't stop beating  i am worrying something!
@djxklusive theres something in my eye !! ouchie and noones awake at my crib to help me 
@kshf do you need something specific from it-leaked? i could get it for you. i don't have any invites, though. 
gotta do something about the mosquito situation...I am all bitten up and I seem to be having weird reactions too 
@coollike I hope not! If it is that means they have found something wrong with it, a last minute bug 
@butterbean74 so did i! can't go on like this, something's got to give 
Really lethargic today with a temperature, think i'm coming down with something.. 
something definitely wrong with my arms  they're killin. rained off from work - bah - maybe i should put this70quid on red???
Stressed as I did something that turns out I should not have 
I feel like something is wrong...with someone like my heart aches, but I wonder who &amp; why? 
@wintafresh I want to get my dad something special.. but I don't have any money, so he will have to have something basic again 
Sadly, I'm having to resort to browser sniffing to get something working 
as normal its raining in scotland again  u'd think it would run out or something after ah solid week but no (
something i know about lab : they always end bad  
@HzmistressQueen I know that sucks  cause I would love to get up for dinner or something
Some days problems come in a never ending line  Usually something good happens afterwards, so one must not despair.
@onesoulfulnegro  you want you to do *something* you want to do today, something that makes you happy. it's your day!
staring at something i know would never stare back...broken, scattered, lost, and alone...  ...         http://robo.to/elyconcord
@jimmycarr can you write something funny please? i'm depressed i've been doing science revision  and its sepressed me haha :p
So this has got 2 b a movie or something, I'm sitting on the plane, its still loading but there is a kid behind me kicken my seat 
@MTTUK I didnt get through, think it has something to do with clashing with an existing member 
I don't think I've ever had to wait 4 something this long.  A true test of patience.Sumtimes I want 2 throw in the towel but I can't quit
@jbmcdonald did I do something wrong? we're both spymasters...unless you're looking to attack me 
Nothing ever hurt like youe, when will this feeling stop? I doubt youe even care. 
@aarondonohoe I still don't have in reply to links!  Do I have to download something somewhere or does it eventually fix itself?! :S
@cjivan Ah, that makes sense. I wonder when/if something like that will be available. I get middle-of-the-night wrong number calls 
@fuegos oh thank baby jesus, I was freaking out  but it's syncing now! huzzah, I did something right! I cheated the system and won xD
is trying to sleep off the pain and sickness, my mom thinks i've come down with something 
dayum lunch was wonderful, need something sweet now! well bout to go to the job &amp; not do anything! getting paid to chill! terrible 
@ItaiBoublil It was the exact same webinar that he gave at hubspot.   I was hoping for something new.
@hyme I has something for you, but can't send cause it says you dont follow me any longer. 
@mssinglemama I think I'm comin' down with a lil something, too. 
feeling very temporary and frustrated today, can't something good happen I mean really this is getting rediculous 
something is wrong w/ my iphone you guys!! 
i love after pool hair! something about the chlorine makes it look sooooo nice!!!! going to try and cheer up halle she's sad 
I'm incredibly bored which is making me really really want to eat something but we have NOTHING in, and that is NOT an exaggoration!! 
I want to go do something...but everyone has plans 
hmm, i thinks i need some kind of uplift or something, feeling more and more down as the day has progressed    bad times
@angelicajw i know just waitin on u to say something!!! 
I may have done something mean 
@Aleenia  already up to 2 pages of 80s on king of knight.... Is there something going to be done about them??? only about 10% are legit.
@subclubloyal aww poor laptop   atleast you still have your PC? or did it not break or something something?
@iLoveElleB girl nothing i need something to do !!  womp.
unless it's something i don't wanna know!! reading about diseases online is a bad idea! 
someone help me with this chorus  xgraceannx im me or something.
@wownderful damn .   we will figure something out .
grrrrr I just pulled something in my neck....I hate when that happens! it hurts 
@AmyHungerford ur outfit sounds cute! hang in there u will find something!! very hard to fond v.experienced ppl 
i want something sweet 
bought mlb09 and thought to  myself &quot;now @swftwzrdRAWfiki has something new to play when he visits.&quot; then i remembered we're moving out. 
@Afrykah girl I need a letter from a relative or something I had the application letters the other day have no idea what I did with them 
@siniengthach LOL you dont love me  i work 4-9 tmrw but u can leave it in the mailbox or something
@ianbicking I'd be happy to let you borrow mine, except they won't let me change my password to something I'd give out  sorry
@lucindajane @chrismayer @JamerBuske @kathleengray   yeah i think he's sick or something, hasn't been as harsh with the insults either... 
I just wish something great would happen to me for once, and last longer that a day or two 
@hikosaemon yeah i was expecting something better from apple 
@sugamama2009 I know  So idk, i'll let you know as soon as i know something.....lol!!
@Vixelle awe  well I guess I'll just have to get her a new toy or something hehe...
@tiggsintexas me, too.      I'm almost always working on something....  tweeting to stay sane (or maybe it keeps me insane)
@danzarrella hmmm, near as I can tell you added an infinite loop or something cool like that. Not working for me at all 
hope something good is on the tube tonight. no softball tomorrow  gotta figure out something else to do.
There's something wrong with hotmail 
I wish it was possible to take back what you just said, and say something cooler.  I also wish that @nicksantino will @reply me some d ...
@pokecapn Are they supposed to look like robots  there is something insanely creepy about these movements.
got blamed for something; which wasn't big in the first place. she said she would change. yes, i kept your secret; which changed me. 
@ebarreto25 to do something. imisssyou! i haven't seen you in hekka weeks already  have fun tonight at motif. haha we still didn't go fuz!
I want to do something this weekend but what? I don't have anyone to really hang with since my bro is with his girl a lot 
Adium, why do you take two minutes to load? Does this have something to do with my reluctance to update anything on my computer? 
found something out tonight that reopened an old wound 4 some reason I feel like my heart is broken all over again 
@ermadea It's horrible when that happens &amp; it's always to something you love or expensive! I feel your pain 
god!!!!  i need something to wake up!!! i'm falling sleep here 
queff isn't a scrabble word.  pity really, would have scored me 96 points or something
said something to a co-worker(a junior) that may shook his confidence, feeling #guilty 
Todays forecast: feeling like a cold turd. I need some serious something to keep me up and active. 
@jessallen09 Don't forget to book something do with going out for enabling hopefully I can get out of my lecture 
theres something wrong with my kitteh.     
a simple text search took 15 secs....  something needs to be done, sometime
@DonMcAllister  well they were bound to say something on peeps getting a free ride - we can't keep anything under our hats these days 
Craving the smell of the vaccum  trying to fill that craving with something else... ANy ideas
what the hell is up with facebook? why is it being so feckin annoying? is it me? have i done something to upset it/him/her/them? boo hoo  
@LizK_is bummer  It sucks when you understand something bad about someone else... It means you've been through it. I'm sorry sweets 
something feels &quot;off&quot; today.  i think i'm coming down with something. 
uhm.. well.. now there is something wrong wit chrisspurrier.com  little help?
hmm... i should really do something for school now... but there's so much 
I wish something could have happened.  por queeee?!?!
wow spring break all over again. apparently something blew in the engine. wooo hooo 
@badpony not gonna do it...bad things happen when i do something on a whim 
@NatAhStar YES! I am so annoyed! They ALWAYS want something. I aint even got no damn sunflower seeds to keep me sane until lunch! 
why mom isn't back yet.. i need to tell her something b4 i go to bed 
http://twitpic.com/7prqu - I think there is something really wrong with my toe 
cooking prince something to eat! wish my step-son was here 
@bitsnow thanks need all the luck i can get if i cant find something cheap ill have 2 move to az 
collaboration with others...purely ecstatic. still, i surely am missing something. 
@ThisIsRobThomas did I miss something??  What photo contest?.. 
@SeagirlX I always want to honk or something.. but I dunno. Mostly it's cigarette butts, just 'cause they're small doesn't make it ok 
I hate that feeling when u think u 4got something and u don't figure out what you 4got until hrs later when its probably lost or gone 
@emileefuss I used to turn off the lights and gently hold him...not sure if it helped, but I always felt like I needed to do something. 
i always start to read something, then stop when i get in the middle. 
I'm so boreddddddddd. I wanna do something but I'm way too lazyy. 
@BananasMel nope  the page try to reload and reload and reload and... wanna me trying something else?!
just attempted to sell something on ebay... it was the most frustrating thing ever and now i'm in a bad mood 
thinks something is definately wrong as i'm just not really enjoying masterchef 
@CaitlinMack if had to guess, i'd say that the prolapsed vagina is something that you will never, ever, ever forget.  
#Inaperfectworld i would have a bf who i can build something w/n he would be into me as much as i would be into him  not gettinne younger
It's so hard having to walk someone through how to do something on a mac when all I have are whatever screenshots I can find on google 
@youcollme  I  was going to mention that you probably forgot  but the msg was just too long. I'm jealous you dreamt something wonderful 
I hate being outbid on ebay when you really need something and you're poor 
@s4nh4 aw its still itchy  maybe poison oak or something?
Why is it like 90 something degrees outside and i am freezing 
@SLAPNASTY_ENT my light just came on ... i hope it's something small ... 
@LisaTheDiva )))snoop I wonder where she at :| used to see her like everywhere.  awww get him a card and a shirt or something ).
just saw something I wasn't supposed to see. ahh! the pain.  now, I gotta put on a happy face for customers.ahhh
anybody out there? I am so bored so text me or call me or something!..........I honestly have no friends. 
@peggyladada i broke my foot or something, at least spraigned it or pulled a muscle. i can't walk. its horrible. oh and it rained today 
@FuchsiaStiletto I'm up too and very very bored. I can't sleep  say something rude like you usually do.
i want to make popcorn and watch something.. but i cant find anything to watch 
there something burning outside. 
@lindentreephoto needed it bad, I think I may be coming down with something   or its final let down - that happens too
@duckie_lips that totally sounds like something I would do!  I'm a klutz as well!
I have to order something that won't have me looking like a hog.... This will be hard 
oh, didn't know they had the option to add it  I thought you were trying to do something else...
so thirsty... but too lazy to go get something. i only have beer 
How can something that looks so good taste so nasty?  http://yfrog.com/0fynfj
2 give me something to think about while I'm gone.. 2 know he's listening and he won't 4get abt me.. 
Just made something beautiful but has to wait for it to process before she can share it.      (And no, it's not a baby.)
with the headache of the year...! everytime you try to do something right, it goes wrong..! 
Someone please @reply me something funny or something to make me feel better. anything. 
@DavidDevious I feel really bad and I want to spend time with you...I just wanted to do something nice 
trying to find something to cure me of my boredom 
Shit feeling sleepy now...something is seriously wrong with my biological clock. 
A naked light just tried to kill us by blinding kat as she drove. It must be mad at me for something. 
@TJFantini i was gonna say something about jen a lot more.... juicy but she took the laptop away and deleted it  thats not awesome LOL
I was going to post something interesting from 1091 [ this tweet ] but nothing happened that year 
I have a feeling your hiding something from me... And i think i know what it is 
note to self, ALWAYS eat something during the day before doing insanity!  not doing so = very low intensity and skipping molti reps 
@chavelita wow... I just think someone should send me something here in cincy to cheer me up 
@crazy_court have you taken it to the apple store? I wanted to do something tonight but I couldn't get you to respond! 
I hate when the dogs bark at something when nothing happened, it's scary  time to try to sleep.
i'm hating 'updates' that aren't 'updates'--they should be called 'let's screw around with something that's working fine-dates'. 
feels like something is squeezing my heart... 
feels like ther's something missing in my day  (thinking) http://plurk.com/p/12495l
Guess I could eat something, hey. I'm not sure if I'm pleased it's the weekend or not. I've kind of been enjoying working 
@xo_mcflyandjb but she could have, and there is obviously something wrong with her. 
Doesn't it suck when u think u got something, but u dont?? That's me now 
@Dreamps actually that did cross my mind of something to do.. hey have you been able to get on the garage lately? its not working for me 
@SweetBullshit oh noes, you were sposed to say topshop or something 
is gonna go find something to eat in this darn place.  i miss @dyassab 
@christinacotter Nothing  I'm trying to get people to do something but it isn't working. you?
@dchieng u know something - i really really want to. nothing beats an icy pint after such a day. 
@swayswaystacey ily to  whats wrong, did i do something?
damnit. there was something amazing i wanted to tweet.. but i forgot. 
@fountain1987 woo well done chris! i'm glad i can watch you in something else as I miss you in hollyoaks! 
@rishil I clicked your link and get nothing, which means it's probably something in my browser  http://twitpic.com/7smrs
@aartikalha hahaha... But at least you have something to look forward to 
I preparing to draw something for my exhibition. but so tired. 
I've got to much crap to do today. one is not something I want to or every thought i'd have to deal with.  wondering why
trying to find something to eat   i better get better.
my fever just went up to 38.2 (i think...well, its 38 something...)......and i took biogesic after i ate...... 
the bubbles burst, the dreams are faded I'm now trying to pick up the pieces and botch something together to resemble a future 
needs something to do...kinda bored wish my boyfriend was intown 
@sugarscape i cant get onto sugarscape  is there something wrong completely, or is it just my comp playing up?
i can always tell when i'm thinking of something depressing or painful because it feels like my brain is on fire. 
If you put something together so it'll never come apart, it kinda sucks when you then have to take it apart  There's a lesson here...
just got stung by something on my neck it hurts like a bitch!!  but in a few i'm gonna cut the grass. hopefully nothng else attacks me !
@kstew_fan No shade, still all old!  And you have something new pesquisar
So my dr called, something is wrong with my liver  she said not to drink or take any kind of meds for a month so they can retest
something dug up my neighbor's cat.. which means in a few days, something will try to dig up *my* cat. sounds like a losing battle 
there's something about plagarism students don't seem to understand. and this misunderstanding gives them a big fat 0 for their papers. 
i worked 9-11 and napped 11:15-4  something is wrong with that equation.
@bengiboyweez lol do not call me that and I'm home tryna find something to wear 
need a new username... not esplosivo... something else... 
just kicked the door and done something to my leg  lmfao x
@IAmBecomeSpanky whoa, I can't believe she would do something like that, I don't know what else to say except that I'm sorry 
@TeamGomez dunno  maybe something to do with nick?  idk. @mileycyrus stoppied following @taylorswift13 too o_O  :S
@TheCalicoCat I know  divina said something about needing fresh housemeat so i thought she ment someone was going in!
 I'm going to do something to get my mind off of the intense disappointment I'm feeling.
alright, i'll cook something! or i'll die! grrrrrrrrr where is my italian friend? 
I need a massage or something 
? 4 yall twiggers! have u ever wanted some1 or something so bad but it seems so far fetched? 
@tommcfly  im so upset   cheer  me up a  bit  my  friend   broke  something of mine 
Even thanksgiving itis wasn't this bad. I hope this isn't something bad because I'm done with hospitals for 2009 
@x_sybiiiiil I wouldn't if there was something else worth watching on 
@fareastmovement I wish I could get something like a hat or shirt or sticker to rep yall all day  lol
@rhodamorgan I'm jealous, do something bubbly for me 
I need to do yoga or something I'm so irratable !!! Ahhh y do I feel so annoyed 
@taunel I'd totally do something but the food I ate yesterday messed my system up  It totally sucks
@BreeOlson9   you really need somewhere to relax tonight...find a massage or treat yourself to something you've really wanted to do! Muahz
@Effing_ Do I smell or something?  As soon as I come everyone leaves  bye effing!  talk to yah later
my mom wants me to write something interesting but i guess im a boring person 
feel like a lost puppy no work this weekend need something to do text me please 4848944375 
There's always something that brings me back to reality during a trip 
Too much meds. I think I'm coming down with something 
Ahhh angels!  give me something to smile about
Still working...  I wanna bowl or something hooka anyone?
oh god pleaseeee make these storms stop. i hate them more than anything. i dont want to have a panic attack or something lameeee haha. 
@dvlitha like, where are u going for the holidays? I am so bored!! I need something scandalous 
 i have something to say thats going to keep you from smiling
@heymeghan same! I kinda feel like everyone around me means something to someone but I don't mean anything to anyone. I hate this feeling 
DAMMIT i just spoiled myself for something huge in bsg.  i really need to catch up/finish it. and wow, i'm sad now. 
so yea..i totally need something to do tonight.wanted to go to the rocky show tonight but no car!  i need something to do!!! what do i do?
something is wrong with international dialing. 
i need something, someone... to fill this hole in my heart. i cant help feeling like im missing something 
So I was up like 170 something. All gone now. All because my love went to bed. She was my good luck!!! 
i just don't like tongue! is there something wrong with that?! 
No way, I feel something wrong will be come,please don't 
something wrong with 3g.com.bn server... couldn't access hence couldn't update... 
@BelfastDuckTour Rebooted and no luck  feel like im missing something really obvious here!
@iamirma we are at rs bunda menteng now, and looking for something nearby. But I don't want to eat at abuba wahid hasyim 
ouch I burnt my lip last week eating something too hot and now its really swollen and in pain which is  now hurting my whole face 
I feel it in my heart, think it in my head and want to do it, but something is stopping me from living my dreams 
 that ball coveres in oil or something?!?!? Stadium looks cold!!!
Just ate something resembling shepherds pie...i don't think it was 
@freckledgiraffe awww  can I come visit and say hi sometime? even if it's from the outside or something? *-)
Sometimes, something just comes out of left field, and knocks you right off balance.  
been tweeting/online less lately; carpal tunnel/sprain/something going on w/right wrist for weeks...judo and #p90x aggravating it. 
hates it when you want something so bad and you dont get it  wish id done better
There is something wrong with my msn. I can't friggin' sign in! 
@georgelaw @npc100 Yes, I've tried it on wine.  Works fine until I actually try to update or add anything, then it crashes. 
@ToxicRose84 yea  my dad said that they weren't letting anyone visit him or something o.O
@himynameisjames i knewwwww you would say something like that! Its my webcam.. i can't turn it 
@GodGivnName of course! just had meditation so lemme cook something up for u! whats wrong??! 
homework   wish i was doing something better.  maybe i'll go buy a new car.
@OMGitsNoelle oooh. I'll try and make it then; I have nothing else to do. And I should get my dad something... But the shops are closed! 
ever have a daydream where its about something youve always wanted to do but you know that it will never come true? ye they suck  x
my mood is slippin'....someone do something nice for me! @brooklynblack where u at? 
got home form the beach yesterdayyy  i miss it alreadyyyy. someone needs to do something with meee.
@CameronJNP  :'( But u were doing something gooood 
Okkkkkkk I'm sad!!!!! I think I said something crazyyy in that VoiceMail 
feels like ive lost something, even tho worse case scenario nothing has changed and at best ive gained a friend, my body is confused 
hmmm... almost all packed, but I think I'm forgetting something 
Wish I could get something pierced today with everybody 
Just saw something upsetting. Is this woman trying to kill me?!?! 
@Popularoutcasts i cant come  i was going to. but got roped into something else. sorry dude. have fun!
I've got something in both my eyes,and dems is itchy 
i need inspiration, something to get me writing  1.9.09|ily&lt;3
my toe just touched something nasty 
hates crying at something she didnt do 
My computer crashed while i was in the middle of making something for a friend 
@thabxhustler ahhhhh ! i know right  wish something could just happen right now
The website has really compounded my already crappy mood.I just want to cry &amp; go to bed  maybe watching something cute will help.But what?
@AliceCullenRPG /sighs/ I always miss him by minutes! I'll come on and he like just left or something 
I need to start asking for something other than fish &amp; chips when I go out for tea...I bore myself sometimes 
tired of cleaning  i want to make something.  being creative always makes me smile
I can't think about anything but this stupid, huge crater of a wrinkle on my stupid forehead. It's sad! 
@Stephskey I'm not writing him until 2morrow, I have a bad feeling that if i write him again today something bad might come of it. 
no idea what i could possibly gift for father's day as he is invaluable! just want to do something special 
Not going to the party tonight. I'm having an allergic reaction to something on top of the bug bites on my face. 
@Giovannaepae same here !  lets do something !
@chrisj1k I no lol I really need something to do this is sad I do the same thing everyday 
I now have undeniable evidence that there is something SERIOUSLY wrong with me 
@JiMpiSh well, i think everyone has had a birthday like that   You've now got a year to plan something fantastic!
i think start of something new was the only song zac did himself and it makes me sad. 
desperately trying to find something worth watching on tv, going to bed feels so sad 
restless and bored  seems like everyone's got something going on tonight except me
back at my house no TV no nothing!! still writing my novel. hope that someone helps me in how to publish it. no idea how. 
gimme a good idea for a story? maybe pretty please? I can't think of anything! 
@chrissie_ i remember bits i just wanna piece it together! LOL walking on nothing in space 
@strange_jray I found the instruction manual for the thermostat.  I think there is actually something wrong with that or the a/c.  
@tomatoplz aw  you want me to bring you back some pasta or something to make you feel betta?
Hoping I just have food poisoning and not something worse 
@Nerdymusicazn I don't wanna cook it on the bone. I want to try something new, and rip its bones out violently. You may be right, though. 
i have a yucky feeling in my tummy  i hate how he waits till 10 something to decide that he wants to hang out. i don't wanna leave now.
sundays are always really boring. i still havnt found something to send to @belllareow 
@HappiForever Something is afoot..I feel it in the depth of my soul. It's not going away..changes are coming. Why must blood be shed 
fml   @jackalltimelow will you cheer me up with a cheesy joke or something?
@BSBSavevMyLife It's like it's something programmed into us :/ You want to be yourself but always kinda hold back for fear of others. 
@frizzle_fry I used to do something similar, but the school shut me down 
@sleepywolf awe but I thought you loved purple.  fine I'll make you something prettier.
I want to write something, but I can't think of anything good.    blah.
@jemariie your lucky you got your dad something...i didnt 
How come I always forget to get something from the store...even though I made a list? 
my ipod went through the wash now its broken  i feel there's something missing now ..
ipod went through the wash now its broken  i feel there's something missing... 
eat something ; such a boring morning 
woops wish i remembered to get something for my pops. 
sooo hungryyy. i want to do something tonight but doesnt look like its happening 
Today I must do something for school... sooo boring 
@AnMiTh I only see a blank page.  I think something may have gone wrong 
something bad happened on my ear, hurt enough 
doesn't know what to do anymore. I want something so badly that I don't think I'll get. I need a miracle.  please I'm praying!
You know how little kids sell lemonade outside their houses for 1 cent? I never had the opportunity to do something that fun. 
@Tracenater i'll live in student halls at that point i'm afraid  i'll def find something eventually, i'll just keep looking.
if I have failing tests, autospec seems to not wait - must have something setup wrong 
wishes that she and her bff could both be happy at the same time,seems like when one of us is great the other has something go not great 
@whatswhat_sian think i might have too , every time i get up to do something i get weak and have to sit again , really annoying 
@absobloodyloote i don't have imagination  i wrote something like a poem, but it's not finished yet
It's so hard to find a good hairdresser...had the same one for three years...the audition process is not something I look forward to 
@mediacrisis @willowdaisy When I get my cast off we should do something. I miss you guys and we hardly talk. 
I dont want it to be true, but something tells me that it really is 
I guess I'm just not bothered. It's a blog, not the end of the world/band or something. 
now that im done with the twilight books i need something else to read  any suggestions??
Looking for a job!! Hopefully I can find something soon!! I miss my hunny 
@julianproxy wait i missed something. whats going on? 
So much for working out, was helping my mother find something in a cabinet and stuff fell on my ankle, now I'm hobbling along 
@STAWPITemily ino :3 my dad will probably butt in and screw something up though 
what's happening with twitter?! it is broken or something 'cuz i push follow to follow my new followers and nothing happens 
@ph115 gotcha, wish they could do something tho 
@lilangelita I'm trying to did a ride or something. I want to go now 
generator set up, now the internet doesn't work. and i actually need to use it for something productive 
I'm trying not to worry.  I feel like something major and upsetting is about to happen though.  And my gut instincts are usually right 
I need something funny to cheer me up 
So last night i stepped on something squishy, it was dark and i couldn't tell what it was...well it was a dead bird 
So sad about jon and kate plus 8  divorce is something I hope I never experience.
something has been taken from deep inside of me... 
@aemwas I know, I kind of knew it was coming, but I really hoped they would go to counseling or something 
not feeling too hott, think i am coming down with something 
@tabannis they don't have arguments. They'll be killing something 
@maynaseric missed your interview today!  any chance it'll be uploaded to youtube or something?
thinks twitter has something against me. 
No bites today only got 8 fishes instead of the average 20 something we used to get 
really needs something to wear if she goes out thursday and really cant find anything she likes  maaaaaaaan
It has been SOOOOOOOOOOOOO hot lately &amp; almost everyday I have been required to do something outside.  7 more days to live. 
@gmverz just taught me how to twitterberry or something. We are so new to this wah 
i'm hungry. want something yummy for dinner. so sad, no one to dine with 
@lilacgirl no crying  it must be the weather or something, i'm all blah too.
@curt_mowery not as many as we'd like, we've got something like 5? ha 
Is bored  got to find something to do.
trying to pick out something cute...since i was kept from shopping at buckle today 
Just woke up and raided the fridge for something to eat since it's raining to hard to go get something 
you took something perfect, and painted it red... 
critical response paper due in 1 hour. :o not a good day to forget something like this  #fb
Ugh, i have to get up a five something on thursday 
I think I'm coming down with something  *sniff*
Its strange how some days just don't work no matter how much you try its like set in the stars to not work or something, I am pissed off 
whaaaaaat obviously :0 i expected it to be like falling in love or something 
i tried to find you but your gone. and even thou you are a stranger i feel i have lossed something and it hurts 
@matteh17 bugger. i knew i needed to watch something? you never on msn anymore. 
Wishes there was something she could do. 
@Rojanlovesyou yeah i know  il find something!
I'm clearly having an allergic reaction to something  my face feels like it's on fire  http://twitpic.com/88cym
awh . my cousin just asked me something that made me cry, but not as much as my answer did . . 
Tired ... I need to do something but I don't know what  I wish I had finnished my liguistic paper ... I still have other stuffs to work on
Frustrating, greenday has something new called stopdrop and roll. I hate them now  its my thing...
@zombiepwnr3000 yeah the compressor is down or something so the whole building is baking 
my gosh I'm not depress but I have something the I don't have idea how say it or express it 
awake and wondering what I can eat that won't have me bleeding again.  I need something more substantial than jello!! 
Trying to find something to do. I'm bored as shit. 
@MissLorra I hope you find something that works; hard to be spontaneous when you have to worry about that. 
Watching robot chicken. I feel lame. I'm sad. I want something but idk what 
it sucks that..jepha didnt put a password..that if we would find him we get something from him if we would find him.... 
gah its so annoying when your looking for something and you cant find it 
I'm throwing the only dreams i ever had to make something of myself away in the trash tonight... I've got nothing left now 
Just got done cooking a late dinner...kinda burned some cause something distracted me. 
@alexistaaylor I'm arranging something with a professional photographer  I'm sorry.
I got a coupon but its all in spanish  something bout 10 dollaros
@yukihoang ballin' aint like it use to be  getting old next week will be fun we play @80spurple and we've got something in store for them
Maybe I can get my hair corrected tomorrow before D&amp;D... remind me to never again try and do something myself huh? 
why am I such a loser?! I wish I had something to do!! 
I feel like there's something deep in my ear and it hurts so bad  can't sleep now.
I want a new piercing but I'm all out creative 1's something not too painfull 
I think my dog ate something bad  He's been throwing up a lot tonight
@PaigeMoon how fuckkk ill give u something  i hate this i dnt want u gettn hurt or u sayn that mean stuff to me i like u alot
@the_proton that's pretty much what I found on forums  There's something strange I found there.. might email engineers ;p
@bowrll You too, huh?  I would have something to do, but I can't find the headset for my 360.
im really in the mood for something to eat, i just dont know what! 
oooo. off to have tea! pizzza... geez it making me water at the mouth something bad! too bad i cant have it 
upset tum tum. I want something fuzzy to drink.. 
I need to do something active everyday, I'm feeeling very very lazy and that's not good 
@DeepaPrabhu ohh  why do I always fall for such political stunts. Its the hope that someday someone will try to do something better.
@vibhy I rejected them and now they're giving them to someone else :'( ffs...it's such a pisstake...i actually win something, and cant go 
@nickfritzkowski ouch, but damn I wish I was suffering from the same situation, the house is empty of anything sweet 
Someone put something nasty in the fridge, and now my refridgerator cake tastes funny. 
@mims725  I think you broke something on your walk, P.
my taste buds is crack.. can't taste anything 
i've been tossing and turning for over an hour. 5AM. what the heck. i'm going to take cold medicine or something. 
@aatifaa When I start eating it would be very hard for me to stop. So I'd prefer something else. I hate my metabolism. I'm still not fat. 
@alqs i wan something rock+rap 
What am I doing you ask.... : Doing like I'm doing something, Confusing? yes, I know.... I'm confused too 
@BodyworksLancPA I was all set to go, but I have some deadlines to meet and not too much time-something had to give. So bummed 
Watching TV and waiting for something to happend. I'm so bored! 
I used my 3000th tweet picking on somebody's spelling instead of saying something profound or amusing. 
i'm ready for this relationship, but there's something dance in my brain. idk what is that 
@skoepken  I did not, it must have escaped through the window or something... 
my internet keeps shuting down whenever i try to bookmark something... and i bookmark everything 
I need to do some yoga or something. I've been so stressed out 
@saynofx viigo is ugly  need something simple
@maggieshiels I have to say that's probably one of the most disappointing links I have ever seen. I was expecting something scifi 
@peacePEACEout something making site slow. i know 
@fabglance1 oh no!! you have to eat something! I'm getting queesy just thinking about it 
up early hoping to get something done before I head to the apple store....phone stopped working 
i eathier have hay-fever or i'm allergic to something. badtimes 
trying too think of something more efficient than a whistle for others to locate me when i get lost at oxegen   i wonder...
I learned something new... cellphones and washing machines don't mix 
dude, lets do something, i'm bored. 
Oh noes! @mustloveanimals thinks there is something wrong with me  I been going 25+ hours and not feeling tired at all...
@daydreamwriter work!   But yeah, we can do something soon--I work a lot next week--maybe after?
so u feel what I feel eh? when u'r a fan of something, li'l things from them mean a lot to u. why ignore me? 
On the last train before the hotel. In get changed and back into town, still haven't eaten anything!  I'll grab a dairy milk or something!
@kirsssty ino i love them to soo upset  just atleast want something trying to think of people who likes them and would go nothing though
Damnit, option #1 just called to try working something out.    I'm sad but at least I have a place to live.
misses both of her littles something awful 
There's always something good happening in our lives. We just have to open our eyes and take time to realize... 
@hellivina You just gotta find something that speaks to you - and dive in.   I help rescued animals - those fuzzy faces make it worthwhile
@Brajeshwar Wow that's something unique. I wonder how they trace &quot;our&quot; roots 
@ad1951 _if you really had something like the exchange w/ @maikwl  in mind beforehand than I admit being utterly and positively surprised 
@ryanmwilson hmmm,i'll try to help you come up with something 
is now feeling good about the economics presentation. I've studied for 4 years - I have to know something 
@dougiemcfly c'mon... say me something. it will cheer me up  say hi you lazards!
@jaybrannan while i can't speak for beyonce, i would think she would say that you deserve something better 
@imranhussain craving = irrational lust for something that isn't explained by actual need 
Trying to get something done. 
discovering that I must have learned something about writing a guidebook to walking in the process... 
@JohnFletcher yea I'll meet you in the town center bit or something 
@mileycyrus  no worry, at least you enjoy what u do,  not like me doing something which I hate 
@pedaah It is the theory of distracting you from the pain by making something else hurt worse. 
Yay, I won the events coordinator position!! Pretty amazing that I won something tantamount to a popularity contest. That's a first. 
@Triptophobia I think everyone's fangirled over something or someone. Even dudes fanboy over stuff. But it's good that you've moved on 
@cspenn yeah, it doesn't burn but once you step up to C4, I'm pretty sure *something* will catch fire 
craving something fatty,,i think or frutiy.... i want a boost 
@mackythecat kewl...challenging means there's something progressing 
uber boreddd, i need some coke @ddlovato + i never knew that, learn something new everyday. 
@guardian_renata something special in return 
wohoooo!! I won a book! breaking dawn by stephenie meyer. happy I finally won something 
@raksha thanks, dear! i miss you too!!! and, i'm about to send something out to the chapter that you will probably also love 
@papermasks awesome vids - totally smiling again!!!!! Wow. I'm manic or something. 
@jenthegingerkid BUT I'm sure we'll be able to sign up for music therapy or something.  
@StevensonRebeca doing something unusual.... wearing shorts...   yay for sunshine!
@courtproduction uhhm something like it's my mother language who told you I can speak spanish? I didn't remember about the profile 
@larainefan ...so I guess I did find something interesting  I hope she lets me put my feet up, too.. . lol
@daumination If only your husband would let you buy something to replace it. 
movie was bueno last night. still waiting on something from someone special 
@namaste_vayo something vegy 
@tranquilized09 nopes - he posted something about he has a goal of a 1 million or something -  he and burnsy are friends sooooooo
@C50something yay  I'll ink it when it's up. (when you want to get someone's attention on here put a @ in front of thier name
@MichaelTyler  in most ways at least    at this rate though i may even bake something tonight!  who knows?!?
@elsterama just messing around, but I'm going to put together a bit something more one day  great music from you as well. love the icon
is typing something for fatherrr  http://plurk.com/p/ox8ee
@uptheneck and my bucket-n-shovel   You've created something magical, ya know... ordinary magic is more potent than the extra-ordinary
@bayouqueen for the other half find something that you can eat that is filling and low calorie if your still hungry 
wants to do something fun tonight! 
@LMRB LOL, I know!! I am the same way!! Just wait 'til he really twitters something more meaningful to us! 
@GillanKing So I just figured out how to see if someone sent you something on here.. I know its been a while lol anyways, loooove you oxo 
Perhaps I spoke too soon! It's always something weird, but they do seem to bring good characters back 
@nelmotzyesq yeah that's crazy but that means that you're doing something right 
worked out. playing bejeweled2. should be doing something else, anything else.  but very proud of my hubby for fixing elliptical for me!
@calypsominerals yeah something like that! whatever i am off from work this week!!!!! 
@norm739 LOL, yeah, something like that 
@adlin and who would know more about the possiblities of higher functioning than imindi  ???  this all leads to something, trust me 
@monabarry I'll try to be  We are up to something fishy...we're going to get our men!! x
gotsa whole day off  let me know if you wanna do something
@christineyoukim  how's it going?  eat something!  
and i just had a thought. if i post something controversal on here, will i get more followers!?! i can be risky if that is what it takes! 
I think everyone should do something healing for themselves today-a healthy meal, breathing fresh air-you choose!  Doesn't take much 
@Mopsical@ I'm better than fifty-something percent 
@Mopsical: I'm better than fifty something percent 
@canis_arcticus I'm sure you'll think of something! 
going out for a drive, shopping list whilst out; cigarettes &amp; something for dinner! ? 
@JanSimpson I just like talking to everyone that has something I find worthwhile to say. Or sounds like they need a friend to talk to 
@dragonguy83 hey bro I still here I have something to give ya 
Pieses. I want something good. Haha andd funnyy.   plzzzzzzzzzz
Off to get a haircut.  Looking for something different.  I hope I don't cry afterwards... 
@cdorobek @MaherLtd all good ideas! I'll be on a plane when this occurs so i'm sure you all will come up with something great 
@YummyMummyClub no problem, if i don't have homework to get done, i'd build you something quickly 
@sophielynette no you just said something about bringing a guy with you somewhere, is all, i am slacking on keeping up with twitter. 
fringe turned out being a bad choice for passing out, will watch something very boring now, good night 
@Erardo for sure  i should be spending a few days down there so I'm sure we can work something out
I have five minutes of tweeting before I have to leave the office... tell me something good about yourself.  
@Emerarudo yeah, always something new to learn though 
@Courageous_one It's been a day of inspiration, goes to show we all have something  amazing to offer given the right platform 
@riversideboy  I always have something stuck in my head unless im listening to something i keep ch00nage playing at all times 
@iainfarrell Not something you get to say everyday 
will start saying something useful from now on. (or after this one)  http://plurk.com/p/p4ure
@tinnywonks apparently it has something to do with potheads 
@dunproofin same reason adults do as well..  nobody wants to get up when they have to do something they don't want to do 
@Hengus23 I couldn't better the &quot;How To&quot; books that exist - its just something that I do so frequently that it comes naturally 
@lkutner 3  Might be doing something similar, cocktails and dinner sounds like a great plan.
my next wallet won't be a jimi wallet  let's try something different
@ariefole awwwwh  ugh i have to tell you something! msn it is haha
@schatzie0302 Sounds great, maybe I should get something as well. 
I can feel your halo  ahhh.. Memories.. You can't forget something like him.
 I like it when things work like they should. I was expecting this upgrade to break something bigtime.
@Motraylie something hurting you and you should go to the doctor, right?!?!?! 
@EmmaLillystone reminds me of something colin  blois would do 
@jkabbedijk I might have brought you a little something  we'll have to set an appointment so I can fill you in / fill you up w/ whiskey 
@ksprior post something moron 
what about do something interesting on a sunny monday? 
@factory_worker  Yes... something like that. It's a LONG process...
@itsrikka im good too. i just gave up doing something and i feel better not doing it 
@katylove19 music is my stress reliever, so i just listen to something and it always helps 
@internacionalj ahhhhh, something to look forward too. Finally. 
@writefast Not going to sleep just going to post something different, did you enjoy the quotes? 
@teenymunchkins ooh thanks  let me know if &amp; when you do and ill pop something extra in  x
drinking champagne.  Just for something different  
feeling a bit better today. maybe i will even get something done 
@Schofe it's called an ear worm - try listening to something else catchy to kill it 
@darosi exactly what i have been through here  the difference is your client realized something was wrong.
Searching for new ringtones...im thinkin something loud and hilarious to few who know what its from 
are we going to find out that tink is something r rated? 
@markegli i don't see why we couldn't both photograph the same building. surely we'd each find something different to focus on. 
@jessahhh You could learn something useful instead! 
come on baby play me something better left unknown  http://tinyurl.com/dfpyb5
@1root awe well we will have to do something about that then 
@juhiroddam yeah i was scared about something and it turned out to be not-worrying. 
@jehan_ara Actually I do too  and prefer doing something else 
@lucykatecrafts Makes  the effort of a tutorial  feel worthwhile - when it helps someone 
@skinnylatte @willyfoo i believe willy has a setup something like that.  #awaresg
@Blogussion It would be great if we had two pro-bloggers joining us  + you will definitely win something!
@soymilk0609 Sounds good...thats something I would of eaten. 
we didn't see him but on the brighter side we saw something else 
@stevecla package arrived this morning thanks  - #neowin members: keep an eye out for something special happening soon
I must promote being authentic in life - never giving up - doing what feels right - my situation propelled me onto something amazing 
@Zachariaaa yeah, how old are you now? i heard that fresh man is 20 or something, 
Ahhh if I do something wrong, tell me! 
@tommcfly tom what are you on on t4 tomorrow, is it just an interview or something else? just so i dont miss it 
@sueannesjewelry yeah, had a martini last night-hopefully I can do a downward dog and it doesn't turn into something else! 
@mrseb LOL! I don't know what I'm doing, but give me tools and generally I can find a way to take something apart. 
@rawrlikearabbit so i hear  wish i had tickets to something :/
omigosh i just figured out something!I have a direct message 
Looking for something to do for a little while if anyone wants to hang out send me a text  or call
@LayneCullen i think if i put up any pic, it wouldn't be of me... would probably be of something that appeals to me... females in latex 
crazier-taylor swift. something about this song makes me feel all tinglyy 
@aleciadc i have no idea where my copy of her cd is... BUT i'm bringing you something MUCH better 
i ws thinking ...hmmmm .  i wnt to plan something big muahahaha 
Yay...the painkillers finally kicked it.  Now I feel great! (I just wish they would show something good on TV for once!!!)
@buffywoo I can't believe something like that exists!  It's like fate! It was born to be with me, forever and ever.
There's something about spring that make me want to open all the windows and listen to really loud music 
@jesskajohnson i know. Sounds alright doesn't it! We wouldn't have anything to talk about tho, we already covered that in tweet 1! 
I just found out what procrastination means. yay   haha i thought it was something dirty. ;p SMOOOOOTH.
@jeffmello Wow! my blip made it to your blip list -- it feels like being on the radio or something! You're too good 2 me. 
@sparklingshoes oh kk you learn something new everyday i guess lol 
@JaaviGomez u should go, take a risk and u may find something bigger&amp;better   (no idea what ur talking abouttt but pete&amp;me love yaaa)
if i dipped it in chocolate or something would someone do it for me??  ...im sooooo not joking
@DanaBingham Aren't we all allowed to treat ourselves to something tasty and nice 'once in a while' ? 
@claudiasnell yeah  I have something else coming up next week too...
omg,science is sooo much fun  I have to become a scienceteacher or something that involves science  anyone who notice the ironic tone?
hopes you're having fun reading my plurks, now go and do something slightly less say, kay?  http://plurk.com/p/rikhn
done something for @kellysays i love it  hmm, partying tonight. where is everyone?
writing a postcard  pretty.. pretty... nice to write something with pens, though my handwriting is ugly so far 
@pythons As we discussed on the podcast, loading times actually used to be a perk - you knew you'd done something good! 
@shaundiviney followw, wana ask you something  pretty.lol x
must be doing something right, I have haters 
@TenaciousDy there are now 3 new items up  (i try to list something new every day) http://bndesign.etsy.com
@annwhit well, it's not blip.fm but something to tide you over until they get back to you w/a fix 
something completely different that feels nice? having ditched perezhilton.com and not missing it a bit! 
is trying to think of something easy and cheap for dinner.  Obviously not into putting a lot of effort out 
Alykat90 is the shit...wants to do something right now damn the beach sounds fun 
taking a nice sunday run  and then getting something to eattttttttt haha
No more shoes for anyone else but me  pick something else lighter hehe
found her hobby...at 21 years old.. finally found something i enjoy doing 
@ashlynwashere LOL. i feel like theres always a little pride in owning something they show on TV. even if its on a stripper 
@danceKAYdancee i wanted to do a crazy painter or something like that dude who chopped off his legs. or kukula or fafi or something 
soooooooo bored. now i have something to do!  bye
@KateEdwards LOL glad to be of service! washing is not something that is on my mind so a reminder is always appreciated! thks 
@misspolyamory all good things come to those who wait... or something like that 
@irockyoubiatch hihih! okei..I have something to do.. bye! 
http://twitpic.com/4j2cv - A little something for @JeterBugg. 
@tbonetaylor oh i thought there was something i was missing. but it was just your failure at typing 
With jen, amanda and madisen searching for something to do. 
@webby37 10 million on taco bell? lol you would be blowin something up 
@themadtrucker or @ least a good dose of lithiun or something. 
@KIMNB now i want a camilla scandal or something so i can experience it.. 
@kleypasnomore ahh.. tekateka i retract. accidents ang poisson distributed. traffic is something else 
@clairebrighten i hear ya! if i don't do something right away i tend to put it off forever, especially if it's time consuming. 
Really needing a burrito. Or something else latino. 
I need to put all my energy into something productive... I'm making everyone mix cds! you're welcome 
@msmoss 4th? blimey. you should try and eat something too *nags* *makes extra toast* 
@oliviamunn really good show! enjoyed listening in  wish i had something to call in about haha
@DavidArchie want to hear something funny? I'm yours is on the radio right now! 
@fadeout all you have to do is have your boyfriend say something for me so i can hear his accent. 
editing something in photoshoot  NILEY
Haha. It's pretty good  they're making something with chicken  yum!
My palms are itchy. Doesn't that mean something about coming into a great deal of money? 
@KADENMCNEIL - try thinking of something calm and peaceful, such as relaxing on the beach.  
@jeffsgrippen yeah it's great!! always something interesting going on 
@xHayleeey no.1 dont really mean anything to me anymore :L it did when good old top of the pops was on every sat or friday or something 
on a better note.. smile if u have something to be thankful for.. 
@ukrainiac yea, I was just about to say something  It's great to hear! Ukrainian!
@hotpants79 In two months i will have something of the kinf of prom  and i'm really excited! and you haven't any contact to her?
@StickySoyChai well that propels people to change direction. No point wasting your days on something you lost the passion for. 
@odrisck anything  bookmark - keychain - surprise me 
@JohnnyDeppNews  back in a few .. i will make u a lil something 
@rooeh I recommended .net, I guess since they bought something from you they featured you. Hopefully it brings in more business 
@kc0219 I will! promise to bring me back something from the moon? 
@vautrin i think in the end, remembering the poetry and feeling behind something is far more important than the name. 
@caitlinhllywd love you tooooo  Duuude,i need to make myself a shirt that says something cool! what should it say?
that boy over there is something worth admiring 
@tooshort55 it'll probably come out like I'm drunk or something...I'll be so nervous!! LOL...thats why we will be there to help eachother 
@courtney_ozaki LOL you gooot that riiight!!  i mean, how can you not twatt about something so cool xD
back on the twit. much hw's to do... will post something interesting when i think of it 
@jmlares ...actually find something they'll like. it's easy to get a good gift with a lot of money tbh. nowhere near as personal though 
@Boothamshaw i dont really know..i saw it on the gadget show about something thatmakes messages easier to find or something thank you 
@rehabc give him a gift voucher for something like shoppers' stop or something. that's as good as cash. unless he's immigrating, that is! 
@mutantsounds i was think of something with a better view, but i am on a tight budget.  
@Lottiie_ lol very good  yes they did! those fuks! ready to brake something
@france_normandy nice page, I am working on something similar, don't want to loose those visitors! 
@busydiscoball yah..geek term which means something like - your work is there, but it's not used 
@Eyeslam @mzunyque i am sure he INTENDED to send something  and forgot to press send
@djvinceadams cool. lets do it. well plan something out! 
at maccas, had a cheesecake that tasted like something that none of us could figure out what it was lol yes I have an interesting life 
...but I KNOW I'm underestimating the bond I would form with someone else's child!  Ah well...it was a fun idea for a few minutes 
yay  hopefully something will come of it because I def. took  a huge risk :p
if i can get my favorite boys @johncmayer, @aplusk, @langfordperry and @davidschimmer to reply then i will have something to tweet about. 
@ HannahRaeTaylor you should get me a tshirt that says 'also available in sober' or something  haha i'm joking x
@tweeples_guide yeah it is!  I need to come up with something like that. lol. jp.
so apparently if you bite on something &amp; drink water it makes your hickups go away, matt from ismfof told me that. it works try it 
oh and im writing something!! very very very...you'll see  a long something. like, a book like something. some might even call it a book
finally found something worth being happy for  too bad its 2100 miles away..
http://www.popsci.com/node/9439 Lots of invisibillity research, here's something about a shield 
@andrew_w_morse I had considered something like that; definitely not off the list of options 
If only I could sleep on top of my whap study guide and learn something from it 
@joshpollard LOL @molsonfl is always in the closet about something or another!! 
@nzmovieguy I like the 'TOO&quot; part of that tweet.  I'm still crossing my fingers on my job...if I get it I have something for him too! 
My tummy want something yumi 
I just sneezed so hard I made my ukulele vibrate. Now that's not something you hear every day 
@rui15 that's it min, you have to enhance your &quot;it's-up&quot; skill. don't just sit back and relax. you hafto do something with it, man! 
@ItszEmJay  hehehe... mine's like something outta a nightmare or somethin! 
Going to have a nice bath and grab something to eat 
@bradiewebbstack bradie  tell me something funny, i cant sleep and it will make my day 
@rayraywitag oooh nothing. i am fine.  you got that something was wrong out of me saying good morning?
I found something interesting..  i will update soon..
being bored. wanting something to do and just chilling out on stickam msn and this listening to music 
@houseofcrazy hang in there. Fingers crossed that something will come up soon for you 
so fkn hungry someone give me something to eat 
@Flawless326 I think you're on to something 
@tri33bell oohhh, maybe he could get posessed by the ghost of an ancient kid or something... hey, weirder things have happened  hehehe
@adamjackson Just throw something at them. 
@KevinRButters sweet thanks. maybe ill have my mommy cook something from that site for me 
@jaimeriba http://twitpic.com/5cprt - you're like you're thinking about something  or wonder something 
.@jimbyjoe any graffiti at all. something that's not supposed to be there 
People learn something everyday. That's my quote of the weekend 
@Misspopov The worst thing is when someone decides they HAVE to take something and it needs washing just hours before you need to go 
@dawnmcwilliams  I'm not quite sure what you mean to be asking. I think the answer is probably yes, though, or something close to it.
@feblub and your self, buy something nice 
@cathyab im doing somebody else's housework now thats something to grumble about 
@_dangerous Or the contents of a shipyard. I think I could make something good 
gone lunch hunting - got to have something to go with the chutney 
duh , just posted something to miley , although i wanted to post it to keit  haha 
going to make something to eat now. very hungry  such a lovely sunny, boring sunday...
im counting my eggs and something isn't adding up. no more conjuctive statements that connect ME with the weak. you oughta see me now 
@jamesbedell my tip is to bake them something delicious. and than you'll get run of the roof top 
it's better to concenrate on something good what you have! 
@kev_mck Yay. I was worried that I'd missed something. 
Going to go find something to eat 
@willow0818 no its not true. he would have said something. wait until he says something!  how are you?? xxx
I am hoping that something fabulous happens today!  For now... I'm at work helping brides find their perfect couture!!!
whatever their answer It will tell me something about me and the person. 
needs to find something interesting to do that isn't researching her dissertation... least the mood's disappeared and s'all good now 
@theofficalsofia cool, is there a site or something i can hear you sing 
not everything good has to hurt =] nothing dramatic; just a more positive thought.  good memories, eh? there'll be room for that sometime
i want to bring a new sound to the world something different to love and respect  ye diggg
@yangwong I saw that pic but what is the contact card? What are you sticking with the bostik? I must have missed something. 
@claylevering i'm working on some swag. not sure what, but something. also i'm hoping to blog live. 
@MissDiggs one of the reasons is because i used to always come out of the house with something to eat....preferably a sandwich lls 
@sittin_here LOL... maybe a little... but I like it better than the buildings.  You'll know when you make something you really like!  
@musicmuch aww do you have time to go shopping before then? if not i'm sure you can put something cute together 
@charliesendall pleasure, after all the pain carrow road has given us #ncfc fans over last few months, was nice to enjoy something there 
@rubicon0815 I can't quite figure out what you mean, but I am assuming it's something deep and/or witty. 
Everything looks different today, something about how the light refracts off of the sky 
@leabella That's not something I'd ever do, either way (buy or sell). 
@rayme let me know when you decide to come in italy.I can at least suggest you something.And if you come for wine too,I'm an expert about 
@charletron Are you guys allowed to drive with a learner's permit or something?  (I know, not the point of your tweet.)
you can really learn something from your dreams.. and adults are really right about, you can learn something from the past. 
@dokus hehehe  is she doing something new lately?
Last's week's mechanics - police racas I got to inhale teargas. Smells different for some reason, like it is flavored or something 
just discovered something funny, my dog likes peas  lmao not joking either haha
Also all properly excited cause I managed the fastest shopping (for something improtant) I've ever been dragged through  got shoes now
@rikkaxrikka ohhs icic. chat or something? hehes.  im bored too!!
@JamesARay  I must ask, why is it that you feel we need to let go of something to get what we want?  Is this in reference to old beliefs?
@fartingpen Thats the spirit pal! It isn't like you have done something criminal! 
[-O] did you know what with you know who and that's something you wish you could do  http://tinyurl.com/p9xjkv
@Rainbowcolours_ yes pease need something to wake us up 
just requested the dossier for the 4th biennale des photographes du 15e. Now, just need to try and submit something worth looking at. 
@jaybeean i am actually. 400 and something words! just need to get the creative juices flowing and drain out the pulp 
@andrewbadera you are ahead of curve  very good now do something that nobody expects from you.. even you from yourself
should be doing something by now.. tsk tsk. other than twittering of course 
@HelenCrozier yes there is a time for diplomacy ... it's something i need to practice more 
@qwghlm It might be out, but they've hidden it behind something good 
@belllareow D: what if your parents write a note or something? that always works for me 
@cameronmstewart awesome comic, can't wait for more  saw it in andy diggle's tweets  something was different about it, in a good way 
@Bensouthall There's something comforting about normality, I suppose 
@freshytyb you learn something new everyday  how are youu?
@shaycarl if we are lucky we will see the new series like in 2010 or something. It sucks being a foreigner. 
@paulakahumbu thought #geocashe had something to do with geocoding and mapping apps 
@mnstrsnmnchkns Interesting concept but something I've never been great at! This is stuff only I can do anyway...there, I told you! 
@shellymeg It does suck, but I'm going with a positive attitude and will keep the belief that something better is awaiting me. 
Just did something that will make ppl think i was stupid...but am not bother, i intend good, i do good, i am good! 
so lets see if anyone is paying attention,  good morning everyone. Now its your turn to send something back
@keli_h Billy loved bringing something special to school everyday to show his fave teacher. It gave him something to be excited about. 
loooking for something to do call mee 
@PenDraggon did you get something funky on them from your freezer already? 
challenge: everyday, post a tweet about something that makes you happy. doesn't matter, it can be anything. anyone up for this ? 
woohoo! celebrating e-mail to zero! my dear friend @lisahunter taught me to pause and acknowledge when i accomplish something.  yay!
lookng for something to read 
@Sinnz  the problem is I type it 100 different ways. I think its punishment for something 
@LMAshton LOL!  something tells me you could handle the naughty language tho... !!!  
Auch - just made something dirty to compensate for a design flaw in our membership implementation... But it works just fine 
@PhlaymzGudMoney didn't know they had um til u said something... They will be on the list! 
okay, it's now 55. i changed my mind, my 100th follower will receive something special from me.  lol
@rotiprata with coffee !!! really not with like a vegetable dish or something?! .... is that how u keep ure figure .. joking !! 
is it friday already ? :| i must think of something crazy to do stat  oh wait, i know what (6)
@danieldraper looks like something I could waste a weekend over 
@tenleytown ummm well im revived now haha, so you must've done something right!!! 
@Uingu I think if my mum likes how I like I'm doing something wrong. 
@danhancox http://tinyurl.com/pftg3x doesn't do the night justice but thought you shld see something  nice to catch up
@webaddict let's just say someone with your avatar should have more of a craving for something a bit more manly than wedding cake! 
@DLPatey: ok. later. i've been out running too, but had to stop. my knees hurt so much. don't think jogging is something for me,  haha 
@rockeye ooo someones going to be 31 soon  ur going to be a thirty-something!
@hayleyjfoster depends if u have them in a row or have something in between  x
@jimmyfallon You should take something for that... Some sneezy, running nose, so you can sleep medicine!! 
something to laugh about before the weeeeekend!!!   http://muti.co.za/r/vsy
@joolzdt #followfriday recommend joolzdt - I am sure she will do something funny - any minute now just keep following her 
@NinaMcFLY hehe ok.. hope you come up with something! call a friend or something  what do you lustening to? i'm getting ready to go to..
@milot, same as yahoo something 
@shellymc Demand is it? o_0 I'm sure we can arrange something 
thats something to put onto my to do list 
recently spotted an obama look-alike at school today  totally going to shake his hand or something idek.
Putting something in the fridge 
We're about to launch something interesting.. stay tuned!! 
Everyone add @timmysoft He's in my band and may at some point have something interesting to say! 
will be watching something on TV later. 
@ciararyandreams hopefully they tell you something good  awesome my gran lives there it's beautiful  whos wedding is it?
@luminus don't i know it.  I've already almost gotten in a mess this week for not doing something, but I never learn.
use the #crushit hashtag when you're about to achieve something 
@craignicol whoever ive had an interesting coversation with or tweet something useful in the past few days 
Doing something with rocks 
@TheBobBlog hmm me too -wish we could do something abt this meat craving 
@rockthenroll hey i think its better to not place something when its comming soon 
@webology sounds like your talking about something other than cameras!!! 
Wasting my time, on the computer, nothing else to do, besides wait, for something interesting. 
@Kelly208 Maybe twitter thinks you are still pondering about something because of your old twavatar and is giving you a few minutes. 
someone give me a music suggestion, i want something to new to listen to in my car 
@JoesGaGirl so go get something. 
@conoro Bit early in the evening for sex, isn't it ?  Or has something else nice happened ?
@josianna ah, glad to hear I come in handy for something then 
@dreamonster ....joint submission?  like, um, siamese twins or something.
something smells good 
@bwestendorf you are very set on this vacation thing...how about when i have something to take a vacation from 
@soitpresente That would be a very powerful association.  At least it wasn't something chocolate.  
i think im done making graphics for tonight. unless someone wants me to make them something. let me know 
..I still catch myself just staring at u tryin 2 figure out how something so wonderful really exists, then I realize you're not a dream.. 
@sidin not that i'm aware of, but it appears that mint is considering something. 
It's something that we did for @HeadlinesIndia...still reaping rewards from that effort 
@hellnbak So the religions all agree on something, but not you, eh? 
@OUBad that should be a matter of a dial or something then  like what brand?? you know?? was it expensive?
I give in and buy something at cherry culture  It was not much thank god my orders are becoming smaller and smaller
@mrosenbaum711 We're sad they didn't pick up your pilot (cuz we want to see you weekly). I have faith you'll do something amazing soon! 
@sharialexander something to do with helping families understand what happened in court.  I'll let you know specifically if I find out 
@dashyco LOL i know ;D you just quotes something diirrrrrttttyyyyy LOL. heya dash 
okay. its time for me to create something good. be right back 
idk where all these new followers are coming from but i look forward to selling you something someday  
believes in the rebirth of her dead cat!!!! she was good so she might come back as something better 
@lfesvr yep got something figured out for both &amp; they are now packed 
@malzadoll You do. You're some kind of reincarnation god or something... 
@Zozoeex I'm exactly the same! Always get such a scare when I almost hit something, love it otherwise though 
@heartconverse  e dear to you to bless you with something or someone else.. all will be fine 
spousey bought me a gift today! sometimes something so small makes you feel like the luckiest.  
The twitterverse is all a buzz about #gwave I guess we announced something 
@MrAdEdwards LOL, I think it's cute! It 's not something that I do on my own; its a service I signed up for 
@Ivryblak yeah well im glad to hear you have something great  especially these days
@michaelxmilitia lmbo ! I know we are about 5 feet away  let's do something tomorrow !
@brianlogandales hahah why? its sounded like something out of the acme cartoons lol. kiss john for me 
DUDE.. that last post was exactly 140 characters long! Now that's something 
@TheOrdinaryChef wld love to but we'll have our own little wriggler very soon - something tells me we might be a bit tied up with that  
need something to do tonight any suggestions would be good 
100 UPDATES !! .... hmmm ......so do I get some sort of prize or something ...?   fruit basket .... a hug .... anything ... ?????  LOL  
