Most common words for this cluster:
[('someone', 500), ('somebody', 66), ('something', 27), ('talk', 15), ('people', 14), ('com', 11), ('http', 10), ('p', 9), ('lol', 9), ('haha', 8), ('plurk', 8), ('care', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'someone', 0.9844521284103394), (u'somebody', 0.9140139222145081), (u'somebody_else', 0.7505679726600647), (u'anyone', 0.7451972365379333), (u'Someone', 0.7334189414978027), (u'anybody', 0.7298926115036011), (u'somone', 0.6828926205635071), (u'Somebody', 0.670437753200531), (u'something', 0.6648544669151306), (u'Anybody', 0.6560994982719421)]





@keongzai assign someone else to do it... or eff it and do it yourself 
I hate being treated different by someone when other people are around. 
@beckers357 I'm sorry. And you hit someone huh? 
I feel like someone punched me in the lip!! 
@MsProper =/ that was posted by mistake I was trying to text someone  and he made me mad
@sfresh I know I need someone to save me and take me to the park.. 
@LilPecan I doubt anyone would hate someone for being a Libertarian if they understood. Republicans have given us all bad names. 
i hate being bored and alone. someone go to the park with me 
someone tell me how whatshisname died on primeval? D; missed it. gutted now 
 sad faces! It looked like someone died!
I'm wondering if anyone reads anymore?  I need someone to discuss with!!!!
@katiecupcakes i tried callign it on skype but now its just going straight to voicemail someone must've turned it off 
That is soo messed up, why on earth would someone let someone drive drunk let alone someone who one loves someoen could of died 
i need someone who can teach me how to make this http://tinyurl.com/cumeal 
I have a flew!  someone likes to treat me?
feeling kinda lonely...I want someone to cuddle with 
is... wanting someone like crazy... lol... and they had to go  AHHH!!
@girlblundy until someone fell and cut their lip 
i need someone to cheer me up 
@Shelbiie I do. Especially about someone they fancy or something. Especially when you know both of them! I get it all the time 
somebody talk 
No matter how positive you try to be there's always someone waiting there to drag you down 
Thinks he needs someone to cuddle with 
waiting for someone to talk back to me...as of right now im talking to people and i get nothing back. not really sure if this is fun 
I might have F***** up my only available contact with someone. 
has just realise she promised to see someone at break and forgot  SHIZZZLE.
Wants to see someone 
it's raining  makes me remember someone 
someone tell me what to do? I'm all out of answers 
Heading back to bed 100% certain someone'll ring &amp; wake me up 
somebody unfollowed me why????  
I really miss him, goddd that was so fun.... ughh, I know someone that would agree with me. 
someone stole my purse 
I need somebody 
still studying but cant stop thinking about someone 
I miss when you could chat to people withought someone trying to sell you something 
@mileycyrus you should have a contest to send someone there for free! i would go but i can't afford it 
@randombird I hate when you see someone wearing or doing something that is just absurd for their age but then they turn out to be cool 
You try to help steer someone in the right direction and get blown off....  You can't help someone who doesn't want to help themselves.
Question--how do you work with someone you CANNOT STAND?  This is driving me crazy 
very tired. bored. someone talk to me? 
everyone has someone to tweet at but me.  
someone take me to the smell 
@spazzyjazzy it was probably just a bum who died.  and did someone go out of business?
i feel like shit and i want someone to snuggle with 
my room is missing something....or someone 
@HelloLizzi why are you outside  are you with someone, atleast, haah
Why somebody shouts at you when you've done something really nice for this person? ... 
I need somebody.. 
something/someone is definitely missing 
@woaitslove i guess im sad for somebody i kno 
procrastinating is unhealthy!!! why do i keep doing it. i'm just as bad as someone addicted to smoking. 
someone get on an talk to me  I'm bored and working on a site
I misses somebody 
i totally just wrote a song! like i wish i could share it with someone but everyones busy 
somebody knocked my tea over when rotating the turning dish   http://twitpic.com/54vrf
You think you know someone till they visit close to u and don't tell ya 
Ugh why can't i find someone to go to the playoffs with 
says i can't get someone off of my mind.  http://plurk.com/p/trv2w
someone stained my carpet with blue jelly.. sucks 
someone tell me how to change my pic??? its not working for me  is there something extra I need to do?
feeling a little better, hoping he understands.  probably going to try to sleep.  i hate not having someone to talk to. 
Fucking creeps. I need someone to protect me. 
Why do I always miss the important texts? Gahh and it was from someone I'd least expect too 
@emalea  but maybe you can call someone and either get permission to go, or find out who will be there so u know who's hiring?
 damn gettin it from someone right now, damn i guess im not sleeping tonite with these texts.. 
someone stole my bike 
I'm trying to talk my husband into letting me go see @nkotb when they come close by ... wish I had someone to go with me too 
arrrggghh can someone tell me how to twitter!!! can someone at least follow me??? 
@Glarawen we can, if we're insured &amp; with someone that has driven for over 3 years. Butttt he was driving, not me 
have i just made someone grumpy?  
despares, i need somebody 
@cokies forgetting about someone is even worse than missing them.. that's my phobia 
@zckenny I asked her to be my consultant but she doesn't want to do it. But she recommended me someone 
just realized someone took her mug  Who would do that?
@nohat since you're up early - you can add me as someone you follow! I only have one follower - it makes me feel unpopular 
@clairelouise2 aurghhh that sucks!!!  I would DIE if someone steals mine!!! 
someone called me pretentious for saying i read poetry. 
I need someone to watch rugrats with 
I need somebody to talk to but I pushed you away.  -- i just can't talk to someone else. 
i need someone to teach me how to drive. dad's always busy 
my photo in someone's sticky cart on artfire didn't sell   At least I know someone like it
@jill000 i wish someone would bring you too!!! 
bored in class. i want someone to talk to about something 
someone treat me to some coffee!! I'm broke 
I'm trying to email large files to someone, not working so well 
I'm bored  someone talk to me!!!
someone come pick me up! i don't want to be home yet. 
I really feel like I need to give him a chance but I just miss someone else 
is it possible to SNUGGLE in bed, by yourself? dont know.. isn't the whole purpose of snugglin to get close to someone else? ughh 
@mvermut translation = complicated sh-t that someone is going to have to teach me 
someone has hacked into my emails!! fuck off!! 
Ugh talk to me someone  I'm really bored.
if someone had've told me things would get this hard..i would never have done it 
Just got in a nasty argument with someone I normally like very much.  She doesn't forgive well, either 
@jkblacker Unfortunately I'm not @jamesog - someone's squatting on that 
I'm pissed, someone took my wallet 
I'm going through withdrawls,  missing someone!!!!
Just lost respect to someone. 
Trying to find someone to go to the mall with. 
someone take care of me, im so sick 
I've recently gained this highly sad feeling when I say goodbye to someone who I won't see ever again. Even if I barely know them! 
I really hate it when someone calls themself your friend BUT you only hear from them when they want something from you  #friendfail
is up early to send someone off at the airport!  http://plurk.com/p/x2wsw
I need someone to watch my yorkie. 
someone save me from boredom. 
@RVDS dammit i wanted to ask you about someone who i might be shooting but cant remember her name now 
@AAKB220 I agree.. someone I thought was a great friend listed several others and not me  but you'd definitely make mine, I am not doingit
i think i do need tweethab  i got mad when someone else was tweeting alot earlier lol!
swear sometimes she wish she had someone she could just cry to 
@lingboli how does someone turn a salad into a pizza? that sounds wrong, even criminal. 
@greenrocketship No  I think someone stole it
@pixiexoxo I noted him forever ago, but he never replied  there's a photographer I could do, though I'd rather do someone else xD
says i miss someone that i can't do anything to show how much i miss her.. grrrrrrrr..  http://plurk.com/p/x7l0t
I can't go to sleep  someone punch me out
i need a personal assistant. well i don't really, i just want someone to go to nandos for me 
@smithant My husband is too cheap to pay someone to mow my lawn... 
I hit someone with my gun 
@raavenpando someone obviously took my stuff 
more dots. worried now  someone kill me.
I am so fucking bored someone get me out of my house 
i suddenly terrible. blaaaaah, someone fix me 
I just need to talk to someone n everyone is busy 
@HappyHousewife how sad  whenever my kids and I see someone like that we pray for them, right then and there.
somebody talk to me, im lonely  lol
You'd think someone who wants to be a nomad would enjoy moving more 
@SierraVE: haha, i don't think that's going to happen. someone already asked him to take off his shirt and he said no. 
i miss someone. :/ and i like someone way too old for me 
someone hit me up on aim then signed off  imhurt
so bored  someone talk to me. abahahha
throat feels like someone is trying to shove a brick down it. 
Where my people at....I need someone to talk to 
Missing someone yet can't let her know 
ugh  need to stop analysing it. someone turn my brain off.
superly hungry, someone feed me 
@timeistheenemy someone must've peeved him off, so unlike him not to come talk 
Really needs to learn how to say no when someone asks for a favor   it is quite insane...
@tromboneforhire I thought they already slimmed it down once? To me this just seemed like an attempt to come out with someone 'new' 
soooo i decided to do breakfast on the beach! by myself!  better than bein w/someone thinkn bout someone else...
someone is lame 
somebody feed me 
@zlataz She must have been texting someone else... I didn't get anything 
i am bored someone plzzz talk 2 me 
Hates it when someone doesnt know how to appreciate 
Feeling slightly worried! I think I may have said something bad unintentionally!  If I did offend someone, I really am so sorry!! 
missing someone. guess who? 
i'm so sick. someone bring me soup 
@19fischi75  actually its not that big - just somebody turnd me down 
someone cheer me up 
Its so so sad when someone you know dies 
@doylebob I wish I knew someone! Unfortunately, I know too many people who are looking. 
man...I need someone to donate some headphones so I can make some music 
#Confession I like someone I'm not suppose to 
@6od  Don't cry until someone says something about it.
@SoulAdored65 bwahaha I don't know what go say about that poor guy!  sad that he finds someone &amp; then can't b with them cause of rules
can someone tell me if the trailer was good?????? i missed it 
i just made someone hurt 
somebody update! I hate it when im alone updating! 
Here I am listening to music, when someone decides to start jack-hammering outside, have had to close the window  not good
I have a fever someone make it stop? 
anxiety attack. no no no..... i need someone to hold me. 
 something/someone should cheer me up
doesn't wanna love someone who is in love with someone else 
is trying to make someone feel better, but didn't work.  http://plurk.com/p/xnl8o
seriously needs a bigger fan.  This one feels like someone is blowing on me. D'oh.
@CelineH14 not yet. I still have to find someone to go with since the rents won't let me go alone 
 broken. needs someone to talk to.
what do you say to someone when they lose someone they love?? I'm sorry buddy for your lost... 
Hoping someone will pick me up at the airport... 
don't you hate it when you think you've finally found someone that is everything you want and then find out the truth about them 
does she reply to someone whose not a celebrity? 
 Just found out that someone very special to me has breast cancer.
@jlicup someone had to do the big workload... 
I wish I had someone to go with me to the zoo 
I wish i had someone to cook for me...i am soo lazy sometimes 
felt I hurt somebody again, I'm so sorry about him 
@majornelson  can you kick someone so I can try the 1 v 100 beta 
hates feeling this lonely, but doesn't want to need someone else to lead a happy life... I do want someone though. 
Sometimes I hate living alone. Wish I had someone to save me from bugs... 
@detachmyjaw But too bad hard to find someone shipping it 
@lucyyhale well i miss sage and rose...  what's someone to do?
does someone want to text/talk to me. i'm lonely 
someone jacked my basketball 
is sleepy  wake me up, somebody  http://plurk.com/p/xst6e
WTF, I just confused someone one who looked completely different for one of my other coworkers 
at paiges, been pranking people and someone threatened to bash us 
ive drank so much water i think someone might have to drain me. t-mobile 
the most painful thing you can go through is having someone not following you 
And i don't even like ketchup, i got it for someone else 
Just woke up wising someone else wuz aake to talk to me!!  someone will have to get up sooner or later!!
its amazing how wrong you can be about someone... 
@Pezzettino no...someone texted me that as a joke.  I believed to, twittered it &amp; then deleted it.  lamebrain!
I'm so exhausted  someone give me a massage
SOS, please someone help me  have someone here ever had your heart divided?
i wish to have somebody to cook me breakfast 
Not happy that someone else took the name Optissimus for something 
Sometimes... we miss a lot someone. 
Still hoping to get a reply to a note I left for someone 
@sparksthetoby did you delete someone so you're at 665 now?? haha poor toby 
fighting off this urge to text someone... I just hope he texts me first... missing him so much... 
ahh i really donno where my phone is and for all i know someone could have died or something and i wouldnt know 
how do you get someone to stop trying to have text sex with you? because this is really annoying.  more than you'd expect.
somebody hold me now, please.. 
then he said : &quot;i want to hug somebody. and that must be you.&quot; 
@ahremsee Me too.   Maybe someone will take it over or start a new board...
is still hungry and someone still don't want to go out for dinner. 
I hate being so sick!  someone bring me soup.
@MeganDierckins noo  they gave the one we wanted in your building to someone else...but its close to you guys!!! so excited!
missing someone special...  nunya biz who it is :-P
can someone please tell me what follow friday is 
@kmd117 can't go to samueltwitt1 concert. someone bailed out on me. 
@PinkyNKOTB well I wount be able to go my passport has expired someone will have to represent me 
i wish i could be somebody else 
someone shoot me. or invite me to something 
Oh someone shoot me now. It's only 7:38. 
i have no headphones  someone took them.
i feel sick and i just want someone to take care of me 
is SO sick of watching him play xbox 360  somebody humor me PLEEEEEEEEEEEASE!!!
that was really hard.  ran into to someone I didn't expect to see. regroup, breathe and moving on.
sad  i hate when i get these moods, i need someone to talk to.
someone delete my site 
needs to talk to someone 
I wish someone on deviantart would buy me a subscription 
Last night, i got hurt bad, i found out a guy told someone not to like me, and when we asked why he said do you want me to start. 
think gastric is coming back again. sigh.  i need someone to cook for me. i seriously cannot cook and is super lazy.
if someone just blames you for EVERY fight . .  is it okay to be upset  awww
@bekasaur  try and get someone to go with!! 
really needs someone to talk to so I hope somebody gets back on and replies to me or something. 
so sad steph can't talk 2 me now i really need someone 2 talk 2 and by someone i mean steph 
I want somebody to take me to red lobster like now  lol or I'm will do take out
@moijojojo lol yeah someone told me about that too, yet I still find it hard to resist 
@omgpanda does that mean it was someone in the building? 
@nmieclki awww, i need someone to lie on......nick i need u!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I wish someone would come visit me...super bored 
I'm Automysophobic, someone talk to me 
just want someone to keep me company. 
I'm Autophobic, someone talk to me 
someone knocked on the door  ahhh
@someone483 my rents blocked texting 
Scratch WizBlog, someone is already using that 
i wish i had someone to snuggle with  i hate snuggling normally. but right now i would love it. especially a cute boy.
somebody text me or aim me. im so bored! 
i want to call somebody but it's late and they would not be very happy... 
So tired of hearing someone telling me lies. If you want to say something just say it. 
someone stop follow me 
I didn't hear any thunder  somebody should've called me and woken me up
I need someone tall to help me paint 
was bit by someone and I think she was a bug. 
i'm missing someone  @wreon rawr. i wana go on a cruise too!!
I'm Monophobic, someone talk to me 
my throat feels like someone is actually ripping it out really slowly.  so sore.
here come the men in black ;) ~ is missing someone 
Ugh I hate being fit into someone else's schedule! 
Just when you meet someone that is close to perfect, there's that one little flaw  Why did she have to be like everyone else?
I wish someone would accompany me to the movies. 
Thinking why can't I find someone  that cares 
its scary when u know someone that caused 3 deaths 
my bed is FREEZEING . somebody warm it please 
Ugh somebody pleaseeee save me 
@isupportselena i hate someone. She's always copying me. It sucks when some1 takes away your identity from u. 
feeling like shiiiiiit! need someone to take care of me 
I guess this is what I get when I try and act like someone I'm not 
Plotting.  I hate not having someone to bounce ideas off of. 
Not too happy with a certain someone's lack of txting. 
doesnt have a load and i need to text someone. 
i am laying in bed.  I hate the silence of someone not being here with me 
soo bored someone amuse me! 
Still awake. I am scared. The wind here is vicious. It'd be nice to have someone to protect &amp; comfort you! 
sometimes the desire to have someone to depend on is so overwhelming its painful 
thinks that someone is mad at me.  http://plurk.com/p/112k9v
@jesslin I picked up a shift for someone on wed at 5:30  sorry
@BeccaSmalldon What bet? I thought it was someone interesting 
Just had to let someone go...Not an easy job. Especially when you enjoy working with this person 
waiting always makes me hungry lol. but waiting for someone to get out of surgury is ....i can't even discribe it 
hates when you know someone is lying 
@morethnavrage hey, I may not like Republicans but, someone near &amp; dear to me is one, he's not lame 
Is feeling terrified and confused as to why a certain someone dosen't understand why 
I am a really bad driver when someone is trying to follow me. I just forget they are back there. 
@purpledaisybug - yeah..  He deserves someone better..
I wanted someone read what I write  
someone took all my strawberries, fk they were really yummy too 
hates it when someone says they are going to do something and they don't do it. ugh. 
@pressingbuttons lol i love that someone called you an asshole. i've never had that honor 
so scared, I might throw up.  this whole asking out someone is terrifying.
I'm lonely  someone talk to meeee
i'm sad someone cheer me up 
I'm sick again  I wish someone could come and take care of me.
@themarsfactory i lost a bet with someone 
@mileycyrus i miss someone too  aw that is suck!
#haveyouever picked up the phone to call someone to tell them something exciting and remebered they had died..I have 
@RikaRo850 I know....I lost that one..or somebody jacked me for it 
All comfy in my bed....however feels like someone is missing 
My responsible site has been hacked by someone. 
i wish someone would pay me attention 
@electropoof i dont want to have to go to british alone but i cant afford to pay for someone to go with me!  its a dilemma.
is bored  someone talk to me
need someone to help me with a monthly newsletter..totally lost  HELLLLLLLLPP
missed meg a ton! you don't realize how much you rely on someone till they aren't there 
Why am I in love wit someone who don't love me back???? 
@rhondastapleton seriously. when does someone get whacked because i'm starting to think there isn't a mystery  (and why aren't you tweetin
Feels horrible for deleting someone 
somebody stop me.... I can't. stop. spending $$$$ 
I feel like someone has sucked all the energy out of of 
@mileycyrus won't reply to me  I think she's too busy blowing someone else
thinking about somebody 
missing someone rite now &lt;3 
@TiaMowry people r really bold! I would be 2 scared 2 do somehing like that. Why would u pretend 2 b someone else? This is scary!!!!  
the hardest thing to do is watch the one you love the most love someone else 
Rrrrggghhh somebody drunk my V8 
@rociopayan i thought i heard someone breathing outside my window. i freaked out 
I hate trying to sort things out, i wish i had someone that could do it for me 
@mandiiurie i wish i had someone to kiss right now 
can someone please cheer me up? 
i'm still waiting for somebody to tweet with.. 
rally not looking forward to the dentist later. don't like the idea of someone yanking a toofypeg out 
rimas..and tak tahan!! somebody save me please!! 
So disgusted right now....someone just blew the bathroom up and I have to tinkle 
@StarShoedGirl I am on the crackberry and I cannot figure out how to follow someone 
@katkins1982 Would be unlikely. Not been there for years! Actually disappointed that someone else looks like me 
@mamma_J I was spining someone and fell 
Ugggh there's someone from my old school here  he's so annoying, I want to slap him or something
someone needs to kill me on #spymaster so i can test something out 
NEED someone to chat to. so lonely 
It really pisses me off when I ask a friend to do something they tell me no but go ahead and do it with someone else 
On break by myself because someone decided to go without me earlier 
is thinking it's more fun clothes shopping WITH someone else! 
@CatherineCarter haha it's embarasing  all the guys mock me when i pull up someone's driveway
i think someone put a spell on JesseTheJeep 
saw of somebody again 
crying. someone cheer me up 
 I just found out someone close to me is dying.
missing someone right now...a lot.. 
Realizes how much you take someone for granted..until they're gone 
i wish i had someone to take care of me. 
@Mafilsboss if you find somebody, have them come pick me up too 
Thinking about all the guys who have screwed me over. I just want to find someone who's real. 
I keep hearing weird noises. Like there's someone trying to sneak up behind me, and freak me out. I getting my sister to sleep with me. 
It is so awkward when someone you don't know thinks you hate them!! So awkward  indeed 
@knowvacancy it just upsets me to know people can be so cruel...to someone they dont even know!!!  #dannygokeyislove
Sometimes, all I need is somebody 
I wish i had somebody to talk to!! 
I wish i had somebody to talk to!! 
someone come stay with me 
@optomic Haha.. I just wish that I could talk to him  he's interested in somebody though
@deems ComfWipe:  Also thought it was hilarious until I realized it's perfect for someone so overweight that they can't reach anymore 
@FaberFlave i think it is. if someone made a mistake like that they should have to deal with it, its so sad 
Who are these people beside me?! I don't know, but I need someone interesting to talk at... I'm just bored... 
Wishing I had someone elses nose... Sneazy  - http://bkite.com/08D1a
waiting for someone to follow me...desperate rae 
kinda stressed out ...  is it human for someone to spleep soooo little and still smile???
I'm angry, someone tried to fool me, and he did it, sometimes I'm so dumb 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh someone save me!!!!!!!! 
@lovexmonsters I was very upset.  They're all really different bands, so I don't understand how someone can think they sound the same. 
@groovegenerator yeah, but someone else can't come 
i'm hungry i wish someone should cook! i really dont want to! 
i hate when i try to make plans with someone and they're busy. and it always seems to happen. 
@bananacoloured Where did you see that they are not coming? Then I'm going to kill somebody.. 
@Maudelynn  I agree with @juliansimpson there is always a nosy neighbour or someone trying to make trouble.  I hope it's sorted out soon
@keisha_buchanan sat on the road and cried because i missed a certain someone 
somebody save me from my boredom 
so frustrated! someone has to drop out or else my plans are ruined 
is that wind, or is someone outside my window? fuuuuck. 
@STFUspacesquare what do you mean? You must have me confused with someone else. I haven't used any bad language 
I'm so lazy.. must have picked it up from someone *looks at that certain someone suspiciously* ehem. Also because of being sick for long 
i just lost the friendship of someone very special to me... hopefully soon we will be able to reconcile but right now i'm feeling so sad! 
Does it make sense to have someone say they love you but then constantly ignore you?! 
I think I would like a new vacation and I literally feel stalked it's like someone is always following me 
i want to be someone's #celebcrush *sighs dreamily* 
I need some chocolate  can somebody bring me some??? lol
I'm really really afraid of losing someone. I hate this hate it. 
wow i just made a budget...someone has to hold me to this though 
thunderstorm outside  i hate them unless someone else is with me
someone save me haha bored in geography 
I think someone put wayy too much flavouring in these hot Wotsits, they're actually burning my mouth 
I can't sleep.. someone keep me company.. 
just got a message from someone who i have miss badly &lt;3 
@PhillyRedz u can't be calling someone else mama... 
@samjane  want me to kick someone's ass?
hello i wish that someone would talk to me im so bored!!! 
@downlikeanchors you should warn someone when you change your username. I tweeted to the old one. 
@MishGoddess  .. what was the problem...do I need to headcrack someone??
 someone's missing... and I miss [HIM]
I need something or someone 
I'm sickk  someone take care of me!
is crying on the inside...i'm lonely even though i'm not alone...only that special someone can fill that void...and he's not here 
I wish I had somebody to hold..... 
i want someone to watch saw 4 with me 
I be feeling bad when someone remembers me but I don't remember them 
I should be happy... I AM happy... but something (someone) is still missing 
is not liking this feeling of missing someone.  missing somebody sucks!  
aw naw somebody unfollowed me! 
I really miss my bestfriend. I need someone to talk to 
I feel like someone is sitting on my chest..  
i need someone to wrap legs around with in my bed... so lonely  
i know it's hard...watching the person you love the most love someone else. 
How does someone get tricked into thinking they are in love. 
 i need a bodyguard. i cant go anywhere without someone trying to sing or sell themselves to me. sigh. 
is being bored  someone talk to me 
@sarakthx it belongs to someone  can't.. but shit it is smitten with me haha.. so cuddly 
I really need someone  someone text me pleasse
I'm sooooo sad. It's too bad.  nuzzle me someone 
you don't realize how much you depend on someone until they arent around. i miss my rock 
I just heard the loudest boom it sounded like someone got hit 
I miss somebody 
@NeonBlueTornado :O i let someone look at them and they said they started laughing 
says can someone make me happier.?? :'-( (tears)  http://plurk.com/p/12fz6o
 someone came for the black + white puppy. Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr I love them.
ahh i will miss you guys so much ! and now i'm bored  just sitting on my chair and wait for someone to come and entertain me.
How do you love someone without getting hurt 
bored in home  someone funny?
sitting and missing someone alot. 
I get rly scared whenever i start to really really fall for someone 
@painfulblue too bad it's not someone cool. 
someone is flooding my server 
@LuciNYMD darn  can someone finish it off for you?
i wish i could be with someone right now.  i just need a new somebody to be with. 
@ddlovato dude! someone just tried breaking into my house 
My chicken looks like someone massecred it. 
someone find me a gf 
@elnax at least *someone*'s laughing 
@winnowryden  Why be so hard on someone u spent so much time with. 
feeling sad   somebody save me haha
@shotliverfreak I blame myself for it, really  I will see if I can get a new stave from someone else.
Oh if someone thinks they can help me plz do so im lost here! 
watching someone elses twilight dvd just isnt the same. i miss mine 
don't be unhappy that you lost somebody, be happy that you had him!!!  grandgrandma!!   *crying*
don't be unhappy that you lost somebody, be happy that you had him!!!  grandgrandma!!  *crying*
@almightykey Would I believe them? No.   I wouldn't believe anyone who said someone else was boring (also depends if they are. xD)
I miss someone... A lot right now 
i missss somebody so badly 
is so tired and feeling very ill  need someone to sunggle up to right now
someone is no longer following me.... that's sad 
How do you love someone, without getting hurt ? 
i miss someone...a lot... 
@CorinneEarnest  dang that sucks. im paranoid someone will do that to mine
@BethanyMcFlyX ahhh  hun. do you need someone to talk to? x
@aurora7 I an scheduled to work during #twisto unless someone will swap with me 
@scdouglas9 what? someone stole your purse?? 
@unholyhole or maybe he thinks I would fail at picking someone up   haha
bored and alone...I need somebody to hug me 
i'm fallin in to someone's  eyes  make me feel alive 
i wish i had someone to go to the movies with 
AHHAHHH adbelkjghf, hooly crap !! I almost died :O someone kill me now 
I just saw someone I haven't seen in years, and I missed them. 
I wish someone would call me and keep me company until I fall asleep.. 
 somebody already invented the iSock??? http://www.instructables.com/id/iSock
@geekloverr  bummer, i hope someone will bring it back bb
someone smoke me out ... please 
Insomniiiaaaaaaaaaaaa.... need someone to cuddle &amp; rock me to sleep 
says waiting for someone who really love me  http://plurk.com/p/13rut1
how can you remove someone you no longer want to follow??? i am trying but it just comes back 
like somebody just been shot down 
someone spray painted my driveway 
@moonfrye when I opened up my mouth within earshot of someone and said something I should have kept to myself 
Pissed that someone already has the username peronto 
ugh. someone hold me. 
why when you need someone besides you , you dont find him  !!!
@JasonCox it's a nice way to start a conversation with someone, really 
@cleddy89 welcome to twitter! I was just telling someone how you needed to get one. And thank you very much 
@ptmoney  tell someone else to join...  I know you know some people that could benefit.. 
thinkin about someone 
Give someone you love a hug 
@thebleachworks lol oh hun someone must tape him walking you!!!!!! 
trying to find somebody. and maybe I found 
someone direct message me  follow me peoples
someone down the beace is setting off fireworks 
Hey! @nick_wellings somebody tipped them off that this would be a good story and then they rang us 
Waiting to get motivated...I seriously need to start painting someone 
@tomkiss somebody has no regard for ndas 
wrapping and drawing something for someone who is adopting some of my peeps 
experience is a good teacher...... it takes someone like me to know! 
@Alexsmith10 Confused with new pic...thought you were someone else 
@Keenanconstance Did someone say coffee? 
@grum waiting for someone to pocket it 
Just woke someone up oops 
someone tell me why i'm so hyper?! was it the icecream..? probably 
For the record, I'm 24. Not 34 like someone thought 
I can't sleep somebody hit me up 
applying for jobs takes too long... going to bed finally... hopefully someone will contact me back regarding one of them 
i feel that someone is bitching about me.. but you know what? i dont fucking care! 
can someone tell me the purpose behind twibes? 
@elsieenchanted You should do a parody of someone/something or whatever 
so chatting to someone who makes me grin 
Trying to find somebody to know... 
Testing. testing. is this on? someone at reply me. 
@jaykpurdy Looks like someone has reached 2,000 followers. Shouldn't you be kissing someone? Haha. 
@daisyspetals I don't blame you I would never go down there lol!  threaten to hire someone??
@Reigning_JULz ahh! someone is on my side. 
someone just made my day! and its not someone people might expect. 
i want to see go:audio, someone take me please?  5DAYS(L)
wow. someone's proud of me. 
@red_sunflower yeah, somehow it was one  i'm hoping for someone to have taped it *iz coward herself*
@handofbob Depends whether someone else is going to complain at you for eating it!  It won't kill you (I hope!)
@GossipxoGirl you're very welcome  have you followed me by the way? how do i check if someone has followed me or not?still a newbie lol
picking up someone @ the airport 
@bryantodd well, I can totally appreciate someone with cooking skills. I used to be a sous chef, and know it can go under-appreciated. 
@frogboy229 maybe someone on here wil recognize  him  
@boomeracha at least someone gets it! 
#rcncongress Did someone just say some people deserve to be shot? 
@wideeyedbrowns that's my girl!!! At last, someone else 
@scottdrummond Alyways happy to save someone's ass 
#WhyITweet because I like to think someone cares 
...I found somebody 
Looking for someone to write some software for me... for free.  Just let me know!  
@JohnONolan someone told me years ago that they were going to string it out but i didn't believe them! 
@ItsJustDi I should probably delete that pic before someone sees huh? 
@spiritswaker aww, I'm happy someone isn't  you make me smile HarryHamburger! haha, remember that?
someone just told me im the best presenter in the world. its amazing how someone's small peripherals could do someone else some good 
aw i'm so happy for katiejean  there's someone out there for everyone!
@newyorkcanwait yay somebody watched it 
how is everybody out there??????? can i get someone to answer back??? 
@sethsimonds I just unfollowed someone in your honor 
@SmileyGidget feel free to bring someone along... I love meeting new people 
@wylthenemesis I suppose that will do, if someone else will buy the ticket for me. 
@streetwalker wow, somebody just turned green. 
@5toSucceed Coming from someone who's only 27 years old? 
@ddlovato To find somebody like this is a godsend. I'm glad you did. 
I love it when I make someone smile  makes me happppy.
@azuzephre You need to pimp out your labour and get someone else to put together your pins and what not.... 
@Sheenagerrard me too, I would much prefer for someone else to pay  when you buy yours you could always get an extra one ;)
@sherrieholmes It was startlingly effective. I tried another one (someone I knew at university) and that worked too 
If I were so inclined to worship, it would probably be someone like: http://is.gd/AYQY 
I want someone to sing a song especially for me, cos I'm that special  haha
someone distract me and text me 
@bryantma I know someone who would tell you that dating married women is dangerous, and that he will never do it again... 
Nothing better than having someone else cook for you.  
@AlKronos Did I hear someone say Irish pipes? 
i need to go out..  somebody take me out 
@pasmith And I wrote it because I thought that with caveats, it might be useful to someone 
Helping someone with their homework. 
@seanmarler sure someone out there does! 
Morning....someone make me breakfast 
having dinner with someone special. 
making someone brownies 
@jaaacckkiieee somebody's addicted to twitterrrrr 
Staring at myself in the mirror. Not exactly sold on me. I'm glad someone likes me.  goodnight world.
@leebrimelow you mean someone actually drinks Fosters? Eeewww 
@chadharvey finally someone else who agrees with me 
@jeffarchuleta awww... hehehe...its good its someone he trust and cares about.. 
Its going to bed and who knows what my dreams will bring me i know someone i am hoping for 
I think someone on the TV is singing Irreplaceable... 
@angels510 You're welcome.  I've always glad to suit someone up to help #eric. 
@chloethegrape someone who doesn't care in the least bit what other people think about him/her.  
@amiemccarron I hope someone loves it... if only I could sign it... 
Still in harlow, training someone up 
Still in harlow, training someone up 
