Most common words for this cluster:
[('sometimes', 155), ('i', 15), ('quot', 13), ('people', 13), ('time', 10), ('usually', 8), ('life', 7), ('day', 7), ('work', 6), ('today', 6), ('lol', 6), ('kids', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Sometimes', 0.9977889657020569), (u'Usually', 0.7907654047012329), (u'Oftentimes', 0.778086245059967), (u'Occasionally', 0.7768701910972595), (u'Often', 0.7665966749191284), (u'Normally', 0.6916050314903259), (u'sometimes', 0.6876417398452759), (u'Whenever', 0.6873728632926941), (u'Maybe', 0.6800089478492737), (u'Invariably', 0.6760887503623962)]





@Rekidk  Sometimes it's better out than in. I feel for ya.
@tojulius Let me know when/where. Sometimes tough on weekend with family/sport commitments 
@danblank000 Seems like more than one sometimes 
Ah i hate stupid drama. Sometimes i wish no of us ever got together so we wouldnt hurt each other  stupid!...other than that, great da ...
@MoniqueCourtney So did I  Sometimes I wish I was home schooled. But I would miss all my girls.
@Aktrez yeah I know how ya feel.  Sometimes i wish i had an off switch  
The dreams again last night. Sometimes I dream of seeing though other people's eyes, and sometimes they aren't very nice people 
Just feeling emo. Sometimes I wish I had my own friends here 
second time my insurance agent has butt dialed me. Sometimes it definitely doesn't pay to be an 'A' 
@training_dogs That is so true! Usually the owners need the training not the dog  it's sad but true.
All nighter leads to sending 85% of my project off to my committee with an upbeat, optimistic email. Sometimes the bear gets you, etc. 
Is there such thing as over studying? Sometimes I'd study like 8 hours but I'd get a crappy mark. It's not fair  (via #zenjar )
Sh** home from party, and my fathers car has gone to hell...without car, work, ...  Sometimes I guess what people call easy...
@Maudelynn I do remember you saying that. I crave sugar constantly. CONSTANTLY. And have my entire life. Sometimes I go crazy w/out it. 
He surprises me with the things he forgets. Sometimes it's convos we've had three+ times. It's like he had a stroke of sorts. Disturbing. 
@dchenry That stinks.  Sometimes we don't have time to do everything.   I'm sure you have a huge collection at home here still though, no?
@amhartnett I miss free well porn on TV   Sometimes they would forget to scramble the porn stations too
Missing my gym buddy. Sometimes solo-sweating sucks 
@primaveron I'd refrain from expressing my thoughts. Sometimes I'm a bit too controversial for my own good 
I have to say, I find it very hard selling on etsy.... sometimes discouraging 
@allysonrobinson ...as well as bell hooks Teaching to Transgress.  Sometimes I miss teaching &amp; messing with bad system. 
frustration with moving website to new host  Many problems. Sometimes it's good to walk away from it.  I will try to figure it out later.
Moving out today .... Sometimes you gotta lose a little to gain a little . I'll miss you stonegate apts 3 years 
#myweakness = that i am lazy sometimes 
@nikipaniki So do I...  Sometimes I wish I wasn't so ... 'naive'? Or should I say trusting? :S
@Littlest79 I do that all the time too - phone numbers, address and postcode and everything. Sometimes it feels like I live at the store 
@FlourishPhoto Ppffftt!  Sometimes I feel like we have 2.5 FEET of land between our house and the neighbors' houses.  
found old emails from Sometimes.  *sigh*  I remember why I loved him then. I miss THAT guy... sadly he is lost inside himself now. 
@Werecat1 Sometimes I do too. Necessary drugging is no fun! 
I'm feelng hormonal and agitated.... Sometimes I hate being a girl... 
@DiaperDiaries Exactly.  Although will there be more? Sometimes bankruptcy helps companies keep it together until pay off debts.
is testing dextrose.  Sometimes being a chemist really sucks. 
@naughty_neko Sorry to hear this  Sometimes people can be so hurtful.
@ThePISTOL I want my day to be like that.  Sometimes I want to be famous just because they always have something to do. x)
@HeatherM74 @randiohdesigns  yeah we have drops but they aren't working at all. Usually they do the job but not this time 
I don't want to get worms.  Sometimes you can't get rid of them.  
Why cant normal people follow me instead of these slutty girls saying thier Horny! Sometimes people are just dumb 
Why?.... I feel like my life is going down the drain. Sometimes it feels slow at others so fast. It hurts to know whats gonna happen b4. 
Elder ratling is going to a party today and littler is going for her vaccinations   Sometimes life is just not fair.
@crispies I am so sorry.  I have lost many loved ones way too young, too. Sometimes, life just doesn't seem fair. Hugs to you.
Bad dreams.  Sometimes I think my dream world won't let me forgive.
@viviannvicious Fire's sexy. Sometimes. But fires at concerts is just a misconception. 
@DominicLopez_ Detective is a fun game... until you find what you're looking for.  Usually those negative instincts are correct. 
Graaargh! Sometimes noodles take bloody ages 
So, i'm reevaluating my life. Sometimes ppl come into our life and their presence distract us from ourselves and our morals 
I get myself so upset sometimes 
@audreycnn  If i tweeted more you'd know that Sometimes our lives are too parallel.  Just left a kids party.  No wine. 
@amck Erm, I was referring to the cookies with my previous tweet. Sometimes I have the worst timing. 
Watching Wildlife SOS. Sometimes it breaks my heart. Everytime they put an animal to sleep I cry like a baby 
Today has been pretty boring. Sometimes I hate the weekend 
@Raven12  that's really worse! But try to drink loads of water. Sometimes I do get headaches because I drink too less ...
@Fazenastynas Sometimes...  I get it from my dad  Lol.. Actually it's not that funny
@dimensiondvdrob I agree. I have to work this one. Usually I can manage to be home. I won't get home till it is about over. 
@rmaas31 you like teasing me, right? you are so mean sometimes! 
@DebbieFletcher Oh!! Sometimes the page doesn't work!!!  I guess it's because there's a lot of people on it!!! :~
@krisfitz7 I know! When I met them... I felt so huge next to them.. Towered over everyone in the pic! Sometimes I really hate that!!! 
@Leshansom you and me both. Sometimes I end up keeping my mouth shut as I get too worked up about it 
I see so many people with children. Sometimes I think it is never going to happen for me. 
My day off and I still can't sleep in. Sometimes it sux being one of those freakin early morning types! No bueno 
Terrible result in this morning's tournament. Oh well...can't win 'em all. Sometimes you can't even take 2nd or 3rd 
@iokua15 I like naps. Sometimes it's hard for me to sleep, too! 
I wish I had ESPN  Sometimes I don't like being Canadian lol
@lauram68  I wish I knew an answer for ya((hugs)) Sometimes it just takes time and growing out of that stuff, I think.
Going to bed very upset  in which i normally wont do but I dont  have any other Choice..Sometimes its just out of ur hands...
@joythebaker Shared your smooshed glasses story with husband  Sometimes the only silver lining is the funny story we get from it.
@NickyMcB lol I am glad that we understand at least. Sometimes, people are too serious 
I even edited the clipart divider so it fit the color scheme better. Sometimes, it sucks to be a perfectionist... 
is tired today but still has boxing to go to after work  Sometimes I wish I could laze on the sofa, but the thought of beastings gets me
@InorganicBoy I wish. They don't sell wine in grocery stores here.  Sometimes beer, but that is it!
@coy0te Sometimes you just have to take the good with the bad. 
@katiebeth ooo, You never know. Sometimes it's best if they don't find it. Mt partner got his car back, well some of it  Fingers X'ed
Just got done with a manager meeting. Sometimes these meetings just suck the life out of me. 
@DevonMarie78 oic!  Sometimes his tweets just blow right over me lol, I prolly  better get showered I gotta work 
10 inches of rain in 30-40 mins.. Basement flooded.. Sometimes I wonder if it's wise to wake up in the morning 
@HodgePodgery Usually starts at about 7pm (though people get there early and stay til around 10pm). I can't make this months, sadly 
@natalietran The Internets are mean sometimes. 
AAAHHHH! Sometimes I hate being single 
@ddlovato Sometimes tragedies have to happen in order for there to be an impact on the public. 
I hate love sometimes 
@FionaFlame ...and sadly 'arty' doesn't have a huge part to play. Sometimes it is even a hinderance. 
You know... Sometimes being an ectomorph can suck  but I'm still fine son! 
Tanja has been gone less than a week and I already miss her like hell.  Sometimes I wonder if she is my one and only friend.
Finally finished watching movie &quot;Pulse.&quot; You know, in some movies you root for everyone to just die? Sometimes even that does not help. 
I'm sad. sometimes I think she can't understand me 
thinks sometimes sunshine is not so great. Sometimes would be when it shines on a grey hair. 
@UzimaCollective Ohhhhh  well, I do hope you get to feeling better.  Sometimes mother nature has horrible timing.
@erykamarie I get it. I wish I could take a week off.  I'm lucky i only pms for a day then I sleep for a day, then I'm good. Usually.
http://twitpic.com/7rx7l - Sometimes I miss the old days. You know? 
I get sad sometimes.  
@wentzhol  you ok? if it helps, i feel very similar sometimes.
I wish I knew what to do. Sometimes I wonder if it's worth it. And when I question myself about it a lot, I think that must be the answer 
@PaulPortugal I feel ya  Sometimes I feel like it is my only friend to talk to lol J/K
@johnlim its painful sometimes 
Never enough time spent in the world! Sometimes I feel I could stay forever! Then the bills come  and reality strikes! One day I perhaps!
I just failed at being manly. Sometimes it's just easier to have dad do those things 
Today has not been very productive. Sometimes my writing flows; sometimes it's like sweating blood. Lots of family/kids distractions. 
@jstef11 My english is bad. Sometimes I don't know how to express some things. My vocabulary is limited  
Teenage Crushes Can Get So Confusing Sometimes ... 
@KiiroSora Often I get blocked because I'm not from the States  and I'd like to see the whole episode of shows &amp; not just parts at youtube
@sCeNeHaTz Usually yes, I'm a very generous person.. But considering this is from another country and amazing, no, sorry 
@AuntyTech Truly!!  Sometimes the &quot;substitutes&quot; are just not as good as the real thing.  
@yomissb Awww, I'm sorry. Motion sickness is one of the worst feelings in the world. Sometimes, I gotta take medicine for it. I h8 ittt 
@KimLitchford  That is unfortunate. Sometimes people don't know how to respond to situations so they kinda shut down in ways...
@MelodyLeaLamb So sad  Sometimes people tend to neglect themselves and are okay, other times it just doesn't serve them well.
It doesn't automatically refresh sometimes too 
@dragonflyeyes Awesome!!!  Sometimes I HATE series/movies based on books. I hate how glaring the differences can be.
Finally getting to bed. Sometimes I'm so lonely and frustrated... 
@mr_craig Sometimes the father is the son, Gorky's Zygotic Mynci said so. If it was on blip a link would be inserted here.. but it's not 
@purplefangs  I understand.  Sometimes people have to do what they have to do.  Stay strong!!!
The voting link is playing up again  Sometimes I can get straight on and other times the link is broken  Its so annoying
I can't f***** sleep!! Sometimes it sucls to be a female, if you know what I mean 
@RobinFod Sometimes he just doesn't answer.   I like to see the random stuff he reads and comments back on.
Struggling with my chastity tonight. Sometimes I just want to get hard or have my cock held 
Why did I choose to become a lifeguard?! Sometimes it can be so stressful 
Missing my family. Sometimes its good to be busy because the feeling really hits home when it all comes to a stop - like right now 
@Sadlerplaid Sometimes here with being right on the lake the humidity goes away after it rains (cools it right down). Not today. 
Schoolworkschoolwork all day  Sometimes I miss being a kid with no responsibilities.
I do suck sometimes 
To love me means you have to fight to prove to me that you love me. Sometimes i just can't tell with you... I miss the old you 
@LanNova Sometimes my postman is proppa lazy and doesn't come til midday 
@slippytoad Watch out! Sometimes those are REALLY strong... 
@TraciKnoppe LOL re talking. Sometimes it takes us that long too. I've learned to just ignore 
@dasparky thank you.  Sometimes it just happens that way 
@NGowers cute kids  Sometimes I wish mine were that little again...then I come to my senses !! They are hard work whatever age..lol
@cakester4mula Sometimes I need what only you can provide: your absence. 
@otn1 Agreed.  Sometimes really vapid movie can go a long way 
@Lotay I don't agree. Forgiveness comes in time. Sometimes a little anger and angst helps healing 
Trying to prioritize my time. Sometimes having more time is not the issue, it's utilising that time I am finding 
@choink Isn't that the way it always is? Sometimes I'd end up getting &quot;sick&quot; on the way to work on days like that  Guineas?
Eating pie .. Sometimes work isn't so bad 
@molliebryan He loves to play with dishes from all over.Often does a theme of courses native to whatever country of interest that evening 
To make or not to make a phone call to a potential competitor - always make it -it can turn into an opportunity. Sometimes. 
@Eisolae It's not that late. Sometimes I bike until 7. 
&quot;from my lungs to yours, from your mouth to mine.&quot; Sometimes I wish I can write beautiful lyrics like he does  goodnight.
@TomVMorris vey true U always have such great advice.  Sometimes I don't have such good control, I am a good parent tho 
@Arbonnetweets Love ur story, from disability 2 new work u love. Sometimes the worst events r creating those that make us so much happier 
@CoronadoRealtor yeah yeah  that was sposed to be a direct message... Sometimes these things happen after a few drinks...
@10isjess Congrats!!  Bigger boobs?? Sometimes thats not always a good thing..esp if ya wanna borrow clothes!
Woo hoo!! Sheets fresh out the dryer! Its been a bit of a day; looking 4ward 2 getting n2 bed 2nite. Sometimes its jst the little things. 
@JustinMGaston Haha! Sometimes mobiles makes us slaves ... but it has its own advantages too! 
@creative_home Yes - that would be perfect.  That was supposed to happen, last night, still dry.  Usually happens as I a heading to appt. 
@chantelleaustin I know... Sometimes it's just letting go of it all for a while that makes the difference, eh? 
@ninnifur   Animas calls it Combo. Sometimes it works pizza, sometimes not. What pump do you use again?
@Garythetwit  It really is! I gave them the names of the kids I hated when I was a girl!  Sometimes I'm afraid of myself 
@debjean i miss grandma and grandpa A LOT!!! Sometimes Collin's old spirit seems all too familiar 
@plumeria_37 Maybe he wanted a puppy  Sometimes strangers follow me for a while and then disappear.
@ShabbyGomer hehe...I know. Sometimes old school is best though! 
Also, I use slang in ways that no one else does. Sometimes have to translate myself.  (like using &quot;years&quot; to mean &quot;a long time&quot;. me=weird
omg harry potter characters are invading wellesley's communal messageboard!! Sometimes I hate community, but sometimes I love it. 
@jaffne i don't understand how you are still alive sometimes jaffne 
@_iDANCE19 ur so incomprehensible sometimes. 
@oh_danny_boy Sometimes when I come back to KC I have to drive my grandparents'. I'll swing by and pick you up in it sometime.  
@shamhardy That's the attitude.  Sometimes we have think of ourselves more than others. We have sacrificed much for this country!
@Ozquilter Sometimes I just forget 
Voodoocult! Old nasty metal at its best  Sometimes it's good to dig deep...
Sorry all, I meant twards . Sometimes it helps to screen ones tweets, but then what fun would that be 
@tpfBeauty Aww, thanks!  I understand about the patience.  Sometimes I have to walk away awhile!  
@dbelcham Is there hope for the industry?  Sometimes change happens from outside the &quot;bubble&quot; where many devs dwell.
@irishspy Personally I watch all football with no sound. Sometimes I turn the radio on and pretend I am there. 
@FlikAmadeus I do when I'm stressed. I haven't had a cigarette for 17 hours. I don't need to smoke. Sometimes it just helps 
Cavs lost, but I had a great night with the boys. Sometimes you dont know how much you love them until you see them smile. 
@vivtherese I'm doing some workshops for kids these days. Sometimes I need to do a report on the performance of student leaders. 
@HighStyleClt Sometimes, its ok not to be productive.  You deserve a good chillax moment too!
Getting ready for some much needed sleep. Sometimes i wonder if im doing too much. hmph. txt me if you want  goodnight
Sometimes I rhyme slow, Sometimes I rhyme quick, I'm sweeta and thicka than a chico stick 
