Most common words for this cluster:
[('someone', 480), ('lol', 12), ('p', 7), ('com', 6), ('plurk', 6), ('haha', 5), ('http', 5), ('canadiangir', 3), ('x', 3), ('jimalger', 3), ('jamielynn', 3), ('amp', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'someone', 0.9999996423721313), (u'somebody', 0.8725310564041138), (u'anyone', 0.7505356669425964), (u'Someone', 0.7314480543136597), (u'somebody_else', 0.6997222900390625), (u'somone', 0.6842723488807678), (u'anybody', 0.6814518570899963), (u'person', 0.6661834716796875), (u'Anybody', 0.6446099281311035), (u'Somebody', 0.6309652924537659)]





@bosssanders what? why? noooooooo - but i do know someone who needs it if  you can't go 
someone come out with me 
@sebby_peek with someone  I know I hurt you, and that's why I'm sorry 
missing someone. 
I think someone is mad at me ...... 
Wishing someone were into me..and now currently is out of touch 
@khattal Because someone I love very,very much is leaving 
missing someone very much 
ugh someone just called me and woke me up 
@MikeWhitaker actually, honestly that would be creepy if someone I'd just met sent me that 
@PureEm Where are you? I need someone to tweet with. 
missing someone and i think that person knows what i'm talking about 
Is really bored..i need someone to talk to  ..so lonely lol
@ericg622 I'm cycling by myself because someone stood me up 
Falling for someone he most likely can have 
@JamieLynn84 @jimalger when then someone will be left out 
CanadianGir2112@JamieLynn84 @jimalger well then someone will be left out 
CanadianGir2112CanadianGir2112 @JamieLynn84 @jimalger well then someone will be left out 
@michaeld someone sneezed on me 
I iz lonely and wanting someone to cuddle with. 
Thinking about someone from the past 
missing someone 
Missing someone 
Is missing a certain someone 
I wish someone would SKYPE with me! 
It's hard to stop thinking about someone when all you want to do is be with them 
I miss someone badly 
missing someone.. 
@punchlinemag but you can't dm someone unless you have added each other 
It sucks when you miss someone do much 
someone follow me.      
someone come to town with me 
to see someone you love hurting is horrible 
still missing someone she hasn't met yet 
@intoyoureyes yea I guess haha I just wish I had someone to snuggle with 
is missing someone 
Is up...............I can't sleep wish someone was here to put me to sleep! 
someone's disappeared.. and I am really getting panicky now.. 
I really miss a certain someone 
@lilmarshmellow they would like that someone has there pic 
I think someone is mad at me 
@defygravity213 well at least you're going with someone. I'm going alone. 
someone tried to approach me  too danger
@melissamaples but I see someone already told you that 
Ever had that feeling that someone doesn't like you??? 
Still waiting for someone to text me.. @JordanDropDead hates me though 
Currently missin' someone 
Bessiee thinks she likes someone 
its funny when you prank call someone but really annoying when it happens to you... 
someone speak to me I'm bored 
@pinkpebs oh dear  I guess you don't really know someone until you live with them.
@anthonyonfire uhohh. someone's not happy.  !
being depressed over someone i shouldn't even care about 
I forgot to call someone at 12  F-M-L
is missing someone.  http://plurk.com/p/ubg4a
@Abbyluvsaj i wish someone would text me  lol
i wish i could tell someone , someone to help me ..... 
@markhoppus :'( did someone really say that? I want to kick them hah 
Missing someone really really bad 
lol someone tried to hack this 
Wish I had somewhere to be and someone to be with 
@befjam i think taylor is cool too but obviously someone we know don't 
now i just wish i had someone to cuddle with. ughhh.  
#musicmonday now listening to @katyperry - thinking of you. it reminds me of someone 
is liking someone but its not going anywhere 
@Kirstyy09xX i know  i might try and get someone who would know to help me ;)
Wanting to be back in inverloch........................... missing someone 
@putterlover UT-O someone is cranky 
i want to chst with someone 
i want to chat with someone  i'm so bored
missing someone..  can't believe i will miss him..
missing someone... 
someone takeme homee. 
@gregoryhewes You are right! But someone got it first  Thanks for replying though!!!
I love someone very much and wish they were here 
i just neeeeeeed to make out with someone 
missing someone... terribly... 
#followfriday I knew I missed someone.  @GeoffBreedwell
@styLust i wish someone would buy me 
@WestsideSwagger LOL! sad thing is someone really said that to me  
I think someone just doesn't like me  I must know why...
just wants someone to hold me.  I'm trying to sleep.
arggghhhh I miss someone 
Ever wanted to talk to someone so bad it hurts? 
someone save me!! i dont want to pack anymore 
I can't comment directly to someone...... and I'm here all alone 
@robinjection well maybe someone will care 
is missing someone.. haayy..  http://plurk.com/p/x2avn
 someone doesn't feel good...
@NightRPStar I don't think so. We just hired someone for that. 
@thatdude356 someone hates me 
@hogaan can you stop working so i can have someone to play with ! 
@MsPrincessLala @AshleyNicole305  someone is ignoring me  &amp; being mean..
I want someone 
@dtagurit and boooo on you for even going in someone else's 
someone talk to me... im bored 
I really wish I had someone to talk to 
Missing that special someone 
its funny when you put everything you have into someone and they let you down 
 I need someone to comfort me
 can someone buy me adrink? Faaa real!!!!!
Missing someone.... 
someone talk to me. im lonely 
@heynadine I think that you need someone who seriously cheers you up  I wish I could help you
@Binnnnnnaaaa did u just brake up with someone ? 
is looking for someone to talk to. 
in bed now. wish i had someone to cuddle with me 
grrrrrr i think someone is also moving in below us 
@bitterrsvveett i think i either fell or someone hit me 
@belgort I only KNOW someone that is going.  I'm not going myself.  
she moved on i guess i have to to she already LOVES someone else 
can't belivee someone nicked twitstick before me 
idontknow how to tweet at someone 
I miss @jerikevans so much  I forgot what it's like to have someone you can trust 100% around.
I wonder if anyone is following someone that they really liked, but the more they follow the person, the less they like them. 
is missing someone so much 
@lettym16  with someone who's not me! Chingao!
@kristinburbey It's all being paid for by someone else....sorry 
i want someone to make me cakes 
at raes(: wishing someone would friggen text me backk. 
someone go to the @cherrytreerec chat and chat with me I am so bored 
says she's missing someone!  http://plurk.com/p/xbtdh
I miss someone who never  texts me anymore 
So sleeeppyyyy. I need someone to call n keep me up 
i'm disappointed by someone... 
someone drive me to newcastle, I need to see beckey! 
@klaustechhelp  someone must not thought so 
the key is to keep looking forward ...but trying to forget someone you love, is like to remember someone you've never met. I am so naive 
seriously needs someone to rescue me. 
I can't sleep  I miss someone!)
I want to go back to sleep. It would be nice to have someone to bury myself into.  I hope I will have that again soon...
I need someone to make me smile 
@shortkitty What is there to talk about with someone whom I don't know?  
I need someone to who will listen.  8037605477
Wishing I would be followed by someone meaningful 
just needs someone to talk to sigh 
off to work  go visit me someone!
thinking about a certain someone that I can't have because he is taken by someone else.... 
Just when I thought I found someone to hold on to...they let go..just like dat 
It's amazing how strongly you can feel for someone, even when they don't feel the same. 
@cUrLy5 sorry  promised them to someone eeeek.
aaaaa. how do you twitter someone  ?
really really bored and needs someone to talk to me  x
 someone text me?
I think I like someone whom I am NOT supposed to. 
is trying to feel someone better, but didn't work.  http://plurk.com/p/xnkml
missing someone so badly... 
@barbfh  two more just left. I must have upset someone 
i am so  bored and wish someone would twitter me 
Just found out someone I'm interested in is married 
@kizabrat I'm sorry that happened to you.. Are you sure it wasn't him ? Or you know it was someone else ? 
 you need to find someone
@mcrfash1 I know someone like that, it sucks 
thinking about that special someone 
I just want to talk to someone who is going to make me laugh 
@wedplanworkshop no they got someone else 
Missing a special someone 
I wish I can forget someone even I don't like though............. 
someone follow me! 
someone needs to make me breakfast!! 
i think i'm losing someone 
someone send me @replies 
i need to talk to someone. Like now. 
@maikaii I doooooo  I just need to find someone willing to do it lol
@Azlen @Azlen occasionally misled like someone else 
@niteguardianx someone and someone who isn't a faggot. I'm sorry you're sad, but it will get better.  
Wishing I had someone to cuddle with. aw. 
Whenever I'm sick, someone always has to comeover. 
I wish I had someone to cuddle with 
Is missing someone SO BADLY... 
someone slept on me 
@mileycyrus can you follow me please just so  have someone 
someone tell me what to do 
talking to someone who swore to god that they hated me. 
 someone come and save me!!
You never realize how much you truly care/love someone until they are gone 
missing someone 
I never love someone like I love you... 
can someone please follow me 
I just want to curl up in bed and cuddle with someone 
if you like someone, you normally do everything to talk to them... and being ignored is all i get! 
someone lied.   didn't see me boo drake I still live you though
@codplay AHH! I rushed back and someone isn't back yet. I could have eaten more!  i miss you!
really misses someone right now 
@regineking i wish we knew someone who took him around here! 
can someone email me...im soo bored know 
I just need someone to talk to. 
writing a new song about lose someone that you love 
hoping i get to find someone to model for 
Missing that special someone 
Its just hard to get over someone you've always thought about being with 
is supermissing someone right now 
Thinking about someone very special. 
Wish i had someone to cuddle with so i can fall asleep 
@catherinestack you're going?! lucky! I needa find someone to to with 
Missing someone 
i think i love him.....but hey what can you do if he loves someone else 
is v concerned about someone 
@xBabyV are you staying on? I need someone to talk to 
Soooooooooooo Boredddd someone talkkkkkk to meee 
someone is me 
finally home!!!!!!!!! but missing a certain someone... 
Wish I had someone to talk to 
someone want to tell me why i'm so close to crying? 
is missing someone 
I don't think I've ever disliked someone this much 
I thought I didn't miss someone but I do. So much 
i needed someone to rely on, you worked out for me, and youll never be that for me 
I hate that feeling, that feeling when you want to help someone, but you just don't know how 
Missing someone special 
@mbstockdale I'm usually good about researching before accepting such, but I got it from someone I want to connect w/ more and accepted 
@dannywolsey maybe you'll get someone exciting! I have to work too. 
is missing someone too 
soooooo upset  i wish i could talk 2 someone about it
missing someone 
someone is going....it's @carlaneedsjb 
Waiting for someone to talk to...... 
waiting for someone... she is taking too loooong 
is fallin' love with someone.. ;-) i'm always thinking of him..happy..happy..and sad.. 
I want someone to cuddle with tonight 
My sister can insult someone and not care at all, but after I hurt someone I feel really bad... 
@TheDavidBlaise someone pranked you too 
I wish someone famous would follow me!! 
i miss someone sooooo much right now 
i need someone to talk to right now 
irritated. not too happy. could REALLY use someone to talk to...  
I wish I had someone to talk to. Bummercity. 
depressed soo depressed - need someone to talk to 
@kopfanatic LMAOOOO. I need someone to help me sort out the ugly ones though. 
Lonely nights always make me think too much  someone sleep over with me!
aww someone unfollowed 
@theroguegirl well you deserve it hun wish someone pampered me 
Missing someone 
missing someone 
waiting for someone to talk to 
@matttobrieeen I saw someone with the pedosmile. 
thought she saw someone she used to know on here, but it's not him... 
is missing someone. 
missing someone 
How do you stop following someone? 
Missing someone... 
i want someone to cuddle with right now. 
Missing someone badly  ...
i need someone to talk to    im very lonely.
neeeeds sleeeep, but would loveeee to have someone to cuddle withhhh. 
I'm missing someone badly 
@ have you every like someone but they don't like you back........... 
#iremember hoping someone would follow me 
 I need someone
i want someone to come overrrrrrr 
i wish my bed wasn't empty. it'd be nice to have someone in it with me. 
Is lonely... Wantn someone to cuddle w. 
I'm missing someone.  wishing he wasn't quite so far away.
I'm missin' someone! 
Missing someone terribly 
can someone talk to me? 
unless someone would like to talk to me... im awfully lonely 
@Cheyjane  someone said it before you. I'm sorry!
@MandyMoos I do! Wish someone would pay for me tho! 
A few certain someone's are annoying me. 
someone has to know 
@thearexperience I wish i cud say the same, but someone never responds to me 
Really missing someone 
Waiting for someone to text me. 
@GloriVi ....lol we need to find someone to buy it for us 
I need someone to snuggle with 
@mileycyrus I can't sleep either. I miss someone too 
It is much worse to watch someone else be sick than to be sick yourself 
missing someone.. how they were before. 
Someone found someone else. I guess it wasnt meant to be 
is wish that had someone to talk..... 
I miss someone so much 
is missing someone now.. 
#haveyouever missed someone so much it made you cry 
I wish someone would write me a song  lol
It sucks missing someone......   
don't fall unless someone is willing to catch you 
@ammre  I hope you find someone you can let go with soon.
@Lannaa i got really happy someone had tweeted more than me. turns out i was wrong   3105  euuuugh
i wish i had someone around to walk to 7-11 with me. 
What are you supposed to think when someone called hornyhottie is following you?  
i miss someone...someone who shall remain unnamed 
@dollsoflace No, I just heard about it from someone 
@deedeehong  koung biet. I didn't watch yet! I should noww... It better not make me upset! I'll run someone over! Lol
i want someone to call and sing to when they are sad 
@danecook this pertains to how I'm feeling about someone too...I really wish he would say it to me tho 
can someone talk 2 me im bored and lonely 
I want someone to play the WoW tcg with me 
someone unfollowed me 
someone get me out of here....please. i don't like sd.  
 reeeeally needs someone to talk to 
i wonder how do it feel when someone died, it scare me 
@alexwillick i am not! i would never be attracted to someone who was willing to cheat!!  never ever trevor
I'm missing someone... I miss you echos, REALLY. 
I want someone to write a song for me. 
what should we do when we miss someone we shouldn't,,,  
I think it's awfully inconsiderate to be late for someone who's not allowed to eat. 
@bonkina you saw someone do that too, huh? 
someone talk to me  x
Someone really needs to explain this @ so&amp;so thing here. I don't get it. If you reply to someone, do they see it? Never been replied to 
I wish someone would talk to me.. 
Working right now  someone drive for me...
i want to hug someone 
someone text me  I'm so bored.
Thinking to myself : Why is it that when you're happy someone always has to bring you down!! 
well finally got someone 2 like me but i so don't like them back. i think i hurt them.  now i feel terrible. I have 2 listen to the jobros
how can it be that I unfollow someone, it says 'no longer following' &amp; then before you know it...they're back!!! 
Twittnerd won't let me stop following someone...  I don't want to follow them anymore!
i don't know any more i just need someone to talk to 
I don't know how much longer I can do this!!  I really want to punch someone right now! #dannygokeyislove #dannygokeyislove
I want someone to talk to 
someone as old as me has to remember those 
I need someone to talk to before i go crazy 
i need someone to talk to right now 
I wish I had someone to cuddle with 
I wish I had someone to cuddle with  
I wish I had someone to cuddle with          
should be happy for someone vbut feels even more dispointed 
wanting to talk to someone like me 
i'm hungry  someone bring me sushi! haha
is wondering when he'll find that special someone 
@sugarlandmusic someone already found them  but ill be in raleigh!
I wish i could hang out with someone toddayyy 
I wish I had someone to just take it all out on 
@isaaaa  i unfollowed someone  and now im at 68. anyone interesting i can follow?
I wish.....someone would talk to me. 
someone just asked me if I was a graduate 
someone take me to italy 
I want to gut someone 
what do you do when u love someone more then they love you  why can't he see me anymore 
So alone right now wishing i had someone to talk to smh.... 
Sometimes....I just wish I weren't so alone. I wish I had someone who cared about me as much as I cared about them 
@lilgolfb0i do you know someone that wants to buy mine?? haha. so annoying that i just bought a new one recently 
I'm tryin to go to sleep but I can't stop thinking about someone. 
@tattyted831 I know but I still hate it when I miss someone  x
sadly disappointed in someone 
someone iron for me please 
Watching someone else work  yawn:0
someone talk to me! 
@columalmighty really need to find someone to buy it 
Missing someone very much 
@zombielynx21 I was rather upset...I couldn't walk near it until someone else buried it. 
i only wanted someone that cared 
@AlohaArleen I see you are following someone who Hates me.  
i need to talk with someone... 
ugh someone save me... I hate working here 
Missing someone 
Feeling bad for someone 
I wish someone was here with me 
it sucks when you truly love someone but find it hard to trust them 
i need someone to talk 
its so hard to be happy for someone when you're so jealous of what they have.  i'd kill for it!!
Or someone else has already taken it. 
someone talk to mee  danii*(:
Is severly pissed off at someone right now.  
@RigilKentaurus someone need to explain to e what #followfriday is..  I feel really stupid
@jaimewoo @tinkugallery I haven't started yet   I need to consult with someone first
@waltersgotit well hang out with me there then. if I can find someone else to go with 
@kennyjcomedy i luv to cook..Wish i had someone to cook for other than myself. 
I'm insomniac  I wish someone could sing me to sleep right now.@thomasfiss, can you? lol
Going to bed  But thinking and dreaming of someone = )
I want someone to cuddle with. 
is missing someone real badly 
@aussiemcflyfan its so unfortunate  it'd be good if we could all have someone
@htownsnkrsummit its going down tonite ! I need someone to roll with me 
#dontyouhate when you love someone so much you can hardly breathe when you know they're upset i forget how much she means to me sometimes 
I miss someone very much 
can someone go to work for me? i'm so tired 
Does not like being inlove with someone who doesn't love me back 
someone take me shopping. 
@ziggymoomoo Can I have one..? Wish I had someone to cook for me 
Is missing someone 
 aww someone borrowed it without telling me.
I'm wishing someone in particular was here right now!.... 
is missing someone  http://plurk.com/p/12jvps
@wiipink hey add me up. Could use someone to talk to  247E73D8
@LanieW dang  maybe it's someone who knew it'd be there? Or someone who knows yall?
just realized how much i need/want a certain someone 
someone let me in 
@theeashlee now I have to find someone to cuddle with.! 
currently missing someone 
I miss you, someone. 
I need someone to pick me up and carry me to my bed  ..... And then leave...lol
I wish someone was here to smell it 
@inez_13  I hate knowing that when you love someone and they don't love you back  I should get over it but I can't.
I'm really missing someone right now 
I need someone to love. 
i definitely need someone to console me 
missing someone 
i don't want to pack  someone do it for me, please?
i miss someone... 
i wish someone from @themaine would reply to me 
I wish someone loved me. 
is missing someone! 
I'm so bored! &amp; I want someone to twitter to me! 
Thinking about someone that I wish I could forget 
i wish someone would take me out causseee im bored x10 
i miss someone special 
can someone bring me foooood 
feeling like if someone just punched me... 
I need someone to talk to 
is feeling that she possibly offended someone 
someone started unfollowing me! im going to findout who 
I think a certain someone can be very mean 
ahhh. can someone pleaseplease twitpic me the rollingstones cover?! im mobile.  ahh
I'm tired and wish there was someone up to talk to. 
someone talk to me 
i miss someone, realllly bad. 
i miss someone. 
@traceecyruss no.... I miss someone and I can't sleep... 
is missing someone.. badly.  http://plurk.com/p/13ukvo
i missed someone right now. 
someone tweet :/ 
i'm just wishing someone famous would tweet me 
@leia2187 someone was calling you names? 
@mattfrostband i'm glad that's working for someone, it sure isn't for me. 
I would marry someone if it meant they could stay. 
@GracieAlbernaz someone here posted it 
found someone to go with  
someone dreamt of me havin her baby 
@rawryness seen someone do that before  they wudnt let him in anywhere so he had to go home again haha
 someone is happppy(:
@Harmohn you really remind me of someone I used to work with 
As someone who has choked alone once, I think it very sage. 
bored someone should talk to me 
is falling for someone new 
@bimbler there is always someone to hear a sweet 
I know someone is going to be very happy 
Be happy with yourself otherwise you can never be happy with someone else 
@earthmom22 i could see how someone would want to know. i'd like to hear more about that later, but i'm about to get off twitter. 
i need 1 more follower to make it 40! someone follow me  lol
missing someone 
i'm bored! someone taaaaalk to me 
thinking about someone special 
@wethedan wow someone was bored!!! lol 
thinking about someone special 
@MissxMarisa haha!! someone with an axe just popped up at you Scenie!! what did you do??? 
You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to try to live without them. 
i have a crush on someone! 
@PRGabbi Y?!?!?!? i would rather punch someone 
Y is it when I luv someone I fear them? i just wish someone can exsplain it 2 me 
@melisadisti lol i hope i find someone to give me one too! lol 
isn't it sad to love someone who can't love you back?? 
@specialistjoe secret. :p someone you least expect that i would miss 
i know i can find someone that can give me what i want. 
@efgfca Perhaps someone has!! How funny 
@mattnhodges you sure do know how to kick someone when they're down 
@WiredMoms good for you  hard work but someone has to do it!
@BoringBoo I suppose it is better than listening to someone farting. 
yay someone just got beheaded 
@joelxx this I definately will like, perhaps someone will buy me this also 
@Cholle813 I do not know what you are talking about  I think you are confusing me with someone else
Its 3:00 A.M. and someone really needs to lay off he caffeine 
@allanasaur or someone is pregnant 
@jairodriguez I hate sleeping alone too. It's terrible. I wish someone could just realize that I do love him. *le sigh* 
@enygma Do we need to send someone to pick you up? 
@johanbruyneel  I'd say 12, but maybe I'm missing someone? 
@Kerrsplat Ah! I knew I missed someone! G'morning! 
I'm happy just knowing that we each have someone special out there just waiting for us to find them  don't rush it will happen
@AmandaSena thank you! I just knew there was someone else out there! 
@bleung I'm very glad someone else agrees 
@dcapehart awwww well at least you can still pass it on to someone else 
Looking for someone who will do webdesign for beerz 
@BrokenStruggle I think I'll get as much as i can and bring them to glasto for you lot....if they're for someone else I won't eat them! 
i'm loving someone 
@martinpolley @jwynia if someone really loves you they should get up with you, fake it for awhile and go back to bed after you leave 
where's zimah? i'm bored. i need someone to gossip with 
crushing on someone. 
and someone else too 
seans home  someone to socialise with!
