Most common words for this cluster:
[('someone', 944), ('anyone', 594), ('person', 534), ('lol', 60), ('please', 46), ('somebody', 44), ('u', 42), ('amp', 32), ('haha', 31), ('com', 28), ('im', 28), ('ideas', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'someone', 0.8985506296157837), (u'somebody', 0.8296939730644226), (u'anyone', 0.784869372844696), (u'anybody', 0.7532451152801514), (u'person', 0.7212024331092834), (u'Someone', 0.692137598991394), (u'somebody_else', 0.6921026706695557), (u'Lawlessness_dictatorship', 0.6776300072669983), (u"Sorry_ma'am", 0.6763484477996826), (u'somone', 0.6759331822395325)]





wonders why someone that u like so much can make you so unhappy in a split seccond . depressed . 
@stephenkruiser i had 2 put my dog down today too  someone ran her over
@sudam08  yes, someone hasn't been reading my posts properly  
@aplusk It amazes me men like you actually exist... I hope I find someone someday who will love and value me 
@catdevnull nah, same one, rang up to see what progress was, someone else has offered but been rejected, they reckon 117-118+ to get it 
Aww man, yet another party last night,..I miss new jersey!!  so anyone up to anything today?!?
I totally just lied about going on a trip to get out of hanging out with someone. 'Airport' was the only excuse that came to mind. 
I lost my voice.  if anyone finds it please let me know.
and its done now i need to curl it omg i need someone to do this for me  then my make-up then get dressed then tidy up ... all befor one !
@ashleeadams if someone left a phone at my work i wouldn't go through it but its sad you can't hope for the same in everyone, hey 
want a puppy? does anyone know anyone who would like to adopt a trained lab? bff is moving and can't find a place that allows 2 dogs 
had a dream where he was trying to tell his friends that he had just found out he had a child w/ someone, but they didn't care. 
anyone reply! this is going so wrong 
I can't please anyone and I'm being torn in all directions. Need to make a clone. 
I am suddenly ill when I planned to go to a film. I wish someone would bring me soymilk to fill my empty ensickened belly. 
first person to give be a hug, i will love forever. can't sleep at all  wishin' a certain person would talk to me..
Listening to music, someone keeps deleting my fav songs 
would love to write w/ somebody !! in germany nobody uses twitter !! so sad 
Man, what's that? I'm not your enemy... please get off me: #meinVZ... so ein shice!! I didn't do anything!!  It's hard as a man... ,-(
I can't seem to message anyone  it opens a file or something?
@BrigidEmily im cleaning and being a real person right now. maybe later 
don't suppose anyone has a good website to download mp3s on hand? I accidentally deleted most of my music 
why must I have so bad dad??? he is sobad person  trust me
why isnt anyone following me 
@portiswasp  I don't think I have ever been as jealous of anyone
i thought i found another tweet from someone who also loved mongolian.. but it was my own 
@JamesP777 LOL that's nastyyy. nothing wrong with being a fan of someone. 
i got a really bad earache  anyone have any cures :?
I guess I'll give this twitter thing a shot, though someone took my alias. 
i wonder why they dont follow anyone.......that makes me sad 
Never hear from the only person i care about. 
I'm still here...........as if anyone really cares!! 
 does anybody know the statistics homework *not that I have started* nobody is answering my emails about business studies...
how do i put the pdf thingy on twitwall?  anyone? 
anyone knows how to lift a labour ban in abu dhabi? 
@brianangelday26 how else can i see what you're up to? 
Oceans Eleven isn't nearly as entertaining as I thought, just makin me miss having someone around 
can someone please go p/u @ingridmusic? she got left at the airport 
@vautrin wow - can we slap that person? homophobes suck 
i'm the dumbest person alive! 
i need to let my inner geek loose... but i don't know anybody who will assist me in doing so  star wars or pokemans ccg/tcg anyone?
@2tonetom laying in bed  someone called me and now i can't go back to sleep  @ddrfanatic682 love it we'll have a twilight session soon!
@vegantiff YES WE SHOULD. also there is someone sleeping on my sofa and i'd hate to abandon her 
nvm i cant sleep after all these years hes still in my the one i &lt;3  someone build me a rocketship so i could just fly away from this pain
@codewarden get error message whenever I try to follow someone 
Does anybody know any good websites for downloading songsfor free? 
@KimBlairwitch - may well have to, am meeting someone at pub at 2 p.m. 
can anyone give me help with the introduction on our geography 
anyone know where to buy a magnetic counter for my skein winder? google isn't being very helpful 
has tried and spectacularly failed to find anyone willing to cut keys for him on a sunday 
wondering whats going on in U.S. at the minute and if anyone from there is as bored as me 
Is livejournal down for anyone else? 
has come to the conclusion that some evil person has stolen my hairdryer 
watching tv. laying down. missing someone. 
I'm so sick!  somebody bring me some chicken soup
I really need some advice, can anyone help? 
I need someone to forcibly motivate me to write a mega paper...blah...just want to nap 
i need a hug. I don't handle people dying well. someone talk to me, make it better. please 
ahhhhh no!. someone came in to my room and drew on my fking posters  ima go bash that brother of mine up
I am a bad, bad person 
What happened to gmail?!?! anyone know abt it?!?!?! can't even signing in... 
just kidding. it's such a nice day and I'm awake, but have nothing to do  someone provide me with entertainment...
@doomedyouth not my fault my finger cant take someone kneeing them 
@carrieholton well I am glad someone does  xxx
i do too  get better woman! is there anything you can take to stop it? like gingerale? erm...whatever medicine there is?!
@agoss indeed. the only person who can fix it is james. and i think i'm about his least favourite person in the world. mehhh 
is wondering if anyone gets her tweets? 
typical as i get all giddy like a girl about having the answer 2 life the universe &amp; everything in my followers number someone leaves  poo
i think i might just go to bed if a certain someone doesn't start making sense, no matter how much it pains me 
I'm not the type of person who regrets things, but now I think I am. I wanna cry 
someone take me to see demi lovato on july 6   
i am at school... btw why doesnt anyone tweet me 
Does anyone want my dog? I actually hate her right now 
i need someone to cheer me up  results at 2:30
cant understand why someone cannot support my duty calls... 
One of my life goals is to see a real play. I have free tix for chicago tonight at the lyric, someone please go with me?  goodmorning.
Is back in bg. Now she goes back to being a regular person. 
@jaystewart o_O how could you do that? I feel sick too. Some undiserving person got an apple product. 
Wishing I had someone to talk too  No one understands anything 
somebody's smoking around us &amp; it stinks  I just saw a cigar being passed
@Bisfor you can't tell me a lie and then tell someone else the truth in the same sentence!  lol
The only person who I'd like to talk right now isn't connected...  GRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!
Being with someone who has a boyfriend at a party makes me sad and makes me realize i dont have anyone 
@therealjspace i must be the only person not at echoplex right now... 
home alone. fml. everyone else in the world has someone except me 
i don't even have anyone to crush on 
@dawn_16 gah i would come hang if i didnt already promise someone else. sorry 
someone bought my mini 
@eliohouse not for everyone unfortunately !!  someone pick up a copy for me, ok ??
what do you get someone who already has everything they want for their 21st?  stupid e
I'm boreddddddd  someone come amuse meee xD
@toritos naw, it's like religion, it makes you the better person for renouncing buddah. or something. 
@efusjononline It's a great tool, but there are only allowing 2000 per person now 
Why should I be charged because someone else's check bounced?!  I do not &quot;amen&quot; that. 
2347pm: *meow meow*...purrs missing someone 
i need someone to go to the mall with me but everyone seems to hate me today 
I just want to be seen as the person I am, not for the mistakes made 
man, work is boooorrrinngg  someone txt me.
Hitting the gym , damn lost a check for 630.00  has anyone seen it haha
@tavagrl35  I wish you were online right now  I need someone to talk to for advice, which you excel at when it comes to me for some reason
browsing craigslist classifieds for someone to hang out with.. how depressing 
its hard to fall asleep in someone elses house  http://tinyurl.com/cpsbsf
Still packing in my old appartment...boooooring! I'd rather be with a certain person now... 
Having #insomnia  anyone wants to talk? ^-^
@sourskittles10 damn that sucks sarah. expensive to replace too. remember when someone stole my sidekick 3? 
@kenobiwan I saw the headline and got all excited, thinking someone had invented some magical speaker improvementware. poo. 
Sitting here bored out of my head, wish I had someone to talk too 
@jessegina hey jesse. i have somehting to tell you... its kinda personal. you have another person growing from your neck ewwwwwwwwwww 
@heatherashley29 hey...I resemble that person!  
ughhh hate myself   i wish somone loved me
There's @larryWalksFast chatting w/ his peeps (i.e. anyone). I'll stay here by the bike.  #flyingpig
Absolutely nothing. at my aunt and uncle's house... someone give me something to do!!!! 
I'm not an optimistic person. I'm doing what I can.  
enjoyed riding today with HYMS even if someone termed it an ego inflator lesson 
Giving up my goal...they only work if you're rich, or know someone who is!!!  disillusioned mj... 
@KathyCrouch I think it's good that they know someone cares, but the hateful response that comes out, is so severe, they hate so much 
Please someone tell me how to survive. Or save me !! 
anybody want a roommate? i need to move out asap, i hate, hate, hate living here 
@beatricks well, this somebody has like fourteen pages to write, so no dice. 
@dofficer I think (hope) they'll fix the trick door! If someone doesn't take over from us, we'll lose our deposit 
@DesignerCarrie: you're an evil person!  It's not my fault I don't know how to dress myself properly 
@HeyItMeKimmie o coolio ya justyn is dating someone else  i have like him sense 2 grade
soooo bored!!!!  no ones txtin me  talk? please someone!
anybody can teach me english ? i'm very confused w/ d grammar . hufft 
.my washer is broken  anyone know how to fix one?
@princ3sskrys10 I don't know!  I wish the rival gang stuff would stop, it always ends up hurting someone.  
any mother who kills there own baby is a cold heartless person idc what anyone says that is effin ridiculous  ughhhh
someone transport me to california.... unff  soon.
when you have so many things in heart to express to the person but can't....is really hard &amp; torturing.....  
@Mnizzle yeah I lost  It was that or calling someone and saying that I wanted to have sex with him and the call must be 2 minutes long...
anyone know a cure to insomnia? 
@ChemberlyDr @Sethfan19 @thesassyonee anyone coming on chatroom at some point? I'm lonely 
just dropped creamy soda down my top &gt;=/ anyone down for cleaning it for me? rofl. i'm serious, i cbf. 
@moetkelly lol i stay logged in facebook but i cant write anybody... and get off twitter!!...lol hooyea navy!...  lol
@pinklou81 No I didn't  but I didn't dream about anyone else either, so the weird obsession is still strong =P
@piginthepoke anyone remember callard and bowser butterscotch, don't think you can get them anymore 
@AJDYDASCO yeah its open. it was 30% off but for one person I paid 17.35 
@katsumayao i know right! i kinda get why it's fun now. but if you aren't talking to anyone that makes you a loser talking to yourself. 
@HelenJaneRose yeah its too late now, i couldn't get hold of anyone and then it started raining  i'm not actually a big fan of it actually
@feeko6769 no we haven't   hoping someone will call to get an eta from rose tours. Or maybe they have already.
anyone know what the formula for break even is? 
@EstelleDarlings  wow.  I just lost a bet.  I thought someone else did it.  Now I owe my boyfriend $20.   
i have felt like complete crap for 3 days now.  someone bring me some foooodddd!
Finally home. I really need a new hairdresser. I'm tired of her canceling my appointments and pawning me off to someone else. 
can someone tell me the ending of i know what you did last summer? i'm getting kinda creeped out 
Plans for the day scuppered by someone else's hangover.  All lost with nothing to do now 
@joshuagraber no, i ended up waking up heaps sick yesterday a.m. so they had to find someone else to do the item  i felt so bad!!
Everone is happy  besides me  but its all good i guess
I wish I knew someone with magical healing powers. I don't like having to be cooped up. 
@dcmaxqueen if I could translate, I totally would. I don't know anyone that speaks clear italian though 
upset that ive pissed off my person 
This is too much for one person to handle. I don't know what to do anymore... 
@suareasy st. louis feels like a neglected step child, whoever decided to skip us is not on my xmas list  imy
@InLuvwithJON oh now is someone being rude to you?  ugh  why must they ruin everything 
wondering if anyone can weld some cast iron back together for me 
can't get to sleep  any ideas anyone?
@lostlovely the feeling of being undeserving of happiness and of being so broken.  to be given up on by someone. it hurts so much.
I actually said &quot;tweet dreams&quot; to someone on the phone a bit ago before i hung up.   (  )
bored out of my fucking mind!!!!!!!! I wish i had someone to talk to  the 1 i want is too busy to talk 2 me!
Is looking for anyone who's not too busy for me right now... 
today i got told i look like a dog does anyone agree? 
@DianaJoy arghh that makes me mad! stupid ppl  i hope it goes well and that person gets what he deserves!
@frozenblueeyes If it weren't for you.. I'd despise it!! But you're well worth twittering..some strange person is following me now 
@VikkiJCapra i know i'm horrible a horrible person when it comes to pets 
the person who i am folowing i'sn't twittering.......  so bad communication
really need someone's help with downloading a phpmotion script for me since i am banned from their forum for some unknown reason 
Does anyone know if it's possible to recover it? 
craving for belgian chocolates!!  someone buy me some..
If anyone sees my mother today, give her a hug for me...I can't be there.. 
I think I'm a terrible person  Before someone meets me, there should be a little warning that comes along
@damohopo ow  i wouldn't tell anyone...
ohh my god i hate having so many options i just want someone to force me into a job. but i want to like it too.  :@
just woke up yo...i feel sick  somebody make me soup pwease :/
@myhaloromance  i'll go over there and kill someone if i need to. ppl are such douches
i think i'm all better now... yay... i'm a little sad because the me that i am doesn't get along with the person who has been helping me 
@msfragility fuckkk record it if you can next time! all it said was the rocker? someone told me it said douche bag! 
i HATE myself rite now HORIBLE person ova here! 
The person sat behind me on the plane is wearing a face mask. The person sat to the right is a businessman on 2 mobile phones at once 
Does anyone have an example wholesale list they could send me? I don't know where to start 
@dxarchxbarriers haha he's not tweeting to us lol he's never tweeted me  I don't repeatedly tweet him tho like that KatieAlex person lolol
@thomshouse quite sure it wasn't &quot;hacked&quot; or anything. someone just misused my password. 
@lindasmith247 i followed u lol u were the last person i could 
Why do i get hot flashes  i'm sooo bored someone text me
I have never missed someone so much in my life  sleeeeep sounds good right about now.
@lovers_fade I have 2 labs  more then anyone should ever have to take
I dont think anyone understand the pain this is causing me  I hate technology right now. fuck u twitter!
I'm a selfish person and a mean daughter...I guess there are some things you never grow out of 
even though it was a stupid dream.. it's annoying me so much.   (and no it isnt mark btw its someone else,)
@TheRealJordin I'm jealous. I don't have anyone to see them with when they come here. 
is watchin the tyra show and tlkin on the phone... i miss my ucf family  someone come get me puhh-leaseee
anyone in dsm know how to make great tamales? I miss my grandmas cooking... 
Or does anybody have a polo I can borrow!?  mine has coffee on it hehe ..
@hotmilkgt didn't see anyone until the parade 
@SaraJChipps You don't know how painful it is to have to put a talking person on a website because there's no talking someone out of it 
I rm -Rf'ed the wrong dir  somebody hold me
is missing the him so badly 
i think i must be the only person to have applied to over 30 places and NOT get a successful response back 
you better of with some one else.. 
//all I want is someone to make me some warm soup - and sit with me so I'm not alone 
would anyone like to adopt an amazing kitty? i'm moving and can't take her with me... 
I apologize if I accidentally unfollowed anyone.  I'm having Twissues. 
now i can't even rant without it cutting me off. whatever happened to telephone? Or hell, speaking in person? I sound like grandpa 
@marieannevi i really want to meet him in person.. 
i love archie! It's too bad that it's too late to buy tickets    i wish someone bought it for me while i was in the states
i feel like i let someone down  and i really would never want to let sed person down  but i'm gonna be pretty much a hermit for a month
can anyone ever feel unloved to this horrible extent 
I want to take a walk  I hope someone wants to accompany me
@rustyrockets Please reply I am feeling all unloved you tweet every one else 
i lied to someone today  i'm so sorry! my conscience is killing me right now!
highly disappointed. you think you know someone, then she turns out to by a stealer &amp;&amp; a liar. 
@anothermuser i can't  life is meaningless for me.. need to talk to someone and can't get into msn..
Listening to someone who is talking lots of bullshit 
I wish someone could record my bowling action - I am just too quick for cameras 
my gmail is down  anyone else have this problem?
omg i think someone is in the house 
someone talk to mes 
@busymommaval  I am so sorry  I do not wish anyone to have to follow in those footsteps for sure!
@nickshepard wow that is very funny but i laughed and looked around to notice that i cannot enjoy that joke with anyone here 
Nothing irritates me more then pregnant woman buying smokes 
just saynowed the wrong person!!! wow... whats happened to @jonasbrothers saynow 
oy..break time is over.....someone write this paper for me! 
@fissijo n'aww   someone was saying the commentators were douchey but i cant remember if it was the replacments or bbc in general
@0boy @firstdigg Has anybody lately experienced a drastic reduction in the number of his updates? I have 
@willdotadams I don't think anyone who can drive would want to 
 about 1/4 of my myspace comments are gone. cause someone hacked onto wills account. and kept abusing others so he had to delete it.
@sevinnyne6126 don't listen to them!  you are amazing &amp; i'm glad you are ok. don't let anyone get you down, you're the best actress ever!
Just found out someone I knew, dated, and no longer see  but still care for suffered a stroke last night. I feel totally helpless... 
@GabrielSaporta omg hopefully someone finds it 
Why is it that every pic with my iphone is loaded up sideways....so frustrating I rotate it and it go back sideways help someone 
ew my background image thing isnt working   omg can someone help me? lmao
@thecurtishotel: Do you know anyone looking for an advertising/marketing person? I'm looking for a job. 
heyyy....somebody unfollowed me   what a dip twit...
hey guys is anyone here not an advetiser 
Arghh someone please explain parallel and perpendicular lines to me 
lol glad to know i'm not the only exhausted person here! 
Wishes she had someone to go to wal-mart with 
my boyfriend just called me a cow  please everyone yell at him
I really need to stop looking to my left cause this lady is reminding me of someone who isn't here and i miss them 
really bored anyone want to talk to me 
how sad, i've never pulled anyone 
@xtinamotorcycle um no! I would have to stab or shoot anyone who stabbed or shot you then I would go to jail. I don't like jail 
never going to get through college................................ someone save mee 
!@deighe_d wasn't working for anyone in phoenix. seems kind of useless to have it right now. 
@AriaaJaeger this seems like something obvious that shouldn't need taught to any person 
I just want to say sorry for how distant I've been. I don't mean to neglect anyone, I love you all I'm really sorry 
@absolutfeli coz couldn't get back 2sleep @ 3am Then sleep walked to gym for double sessh..  do u know anyone with rounded corner punch?
i don't want anyone else!!! 
so someone tell me how bad it is to be studying for a final last minute!  boooo to me.
@PaganVixen idk her religion. I'm not a religion person. 
@ddlovato It's a very sad realization sometimes, but it's very true. It just sucks when a person you care about changes for the worse 
How could love be gone in an instant? How could you not love a person anymore, just like that? Is the fall out really inevitable? 
At college 15mins early don't know where anyone is so am a complete loner 
I just told someone they needed to stop crying in front of steve aoki 
being the 7th wheel sucks...  times like these makes me wish i had someone
@ddlovato =O why do u say that ?? u'r such an amazing person, never doubt it !  
I don't get why this Twitterfon app insists on replying to someone when I just want to tweet 
@frozen85 you would think that someone interested in an item would get some service 
should i stay with a guy who hasnt even got enough money for petrol..or find someone that is a grown up 
fuuuuck. I can't sleep. I feel like shit. someone help me. ughh. 
how long can a person hold in a wee before their bladder explodes... 
I have just sold my dignity to twitter and cannot figure out how to search for the person I signed up for. 
@chaselisbon someone deleted you off my wikipedia 
who wants to give me a job in L.A .. i know someone doess waah 
im so tired..  someone wake me up
I ate too many caramel crowns  I need someone to rub my belly
odd looking picture. I'm worried. I think I lost someone who means a lot to me.  No one to blame but myself.... http://tinyurl.com/pveuu6
it wont let me send a direct message to you  oh well, youre the only person on my thingy anyways. haha i'm so bored i hate this class. ...
@Linkmastergcn it was better in person 
@lnorthrup all gone  It actually barely survived an attack by the French long enough for anyone to get some.
feels like a terrible person for not visiting her grandma more. 
awww, someone stole my idea  well bc to the drawing board, or maybe I should still do it and make it better........
@DrunkenDiva my poor smash.  someone needs a hug. How do u keep running into ur ex?
in IT and cant find anyone 
@coldplay is anyone else having trouble downloading LRLR? cause I keep getting an error message and am now thoroughly bummed... 
Is running late for his doctors appt cuz someone ran off with apartment &amp; gate keys 
@englishmum @LauraAWNTYM someone just said noodle on tv, I did the noodle impression, but of course my family didn't get it  miss u guys
just saw a housing app for someone born in 1992... yes, they are in college now.... we may all commence with feeling old now. 
hello, someone talk to me, please? i'm bored 
@chriswindram rumours are not nice  don't be sad, you are a wonderful person  xxx
@playsbyear you were so right! i did beat that person to gelatin  i should've tweeted bobby but i just thought i had lost...
@x__cindy anyone who doesn't have $5. I mean....wut??? 
@dandyxands Hopefully was not being quite as much of a horrible person as I may have seemed 
@easternmax someone else was having probs too... 
i'm so bored  someone entertain me lol
talking to the coolest person alive, debs =] im in spanish 
#FollowFriday @FatWrok @mattyriley      -i'll ff anyone back if you ff me, but i can't think of anyone atm. 
@yeevonchan yes I miss our pole nights. It's so hard to find someone who wants to accompany me to pole dance 
housework makes u ugly but someone has to do it.. bye bye for now.. 
bum. Someone's used my debit card online abroad 
Omgggg x there is nothing to do x someone follow me x no one to talk to x 
Vsphere 4 is out! Now I just need some descent hardware to mess about on  (anyone have any servers going spare!?)
Feeling sad cause a favorite teacher of mine has died. She was a caring, kind, compassionate person. The kind of teacher I aspire to be. 
i dont get how to use this  or tell who is the real person
Just dreamed I was at a store with grace and someone tried to kidnap her! 
I want to be a kind person!!!! 
@RICHMO718 ima good person, should they not follow me?? 
anyone else on twiter? in french 
@actoG41 i no, dude, i let someone borrow mgs, adn i have no money on my phone 
.@etherjammer but yeah  I don't read the site, someone linked that to me
There are a lot of #followfriday tweets!  I would do one, but I'd feel bad if someone felt bad for not being mentioned.  
and i was reallyyyy looking forward to go to australia! does anyone undersand what i thinking now? anyway..unhappy 
@emmaluxton names, adresses ? they have someone to talk to. nonone hurts my emma 
All fun and games till someone loses a nut  http://twitpic.com/5p2w4
@tonightwedance not really im to shy to actually go upto them tbh.  but i have someone in line anyway.
thinking when I actually start to trust someone they shatter it..  &quot;And the 7th thing I like the most that you do.. you make me love you&quot;
i guess when you reallly like someone and they don't like you...just let it go...its not meant to be...easier said than done tho...  c ...
cant pick a movie to watch  someone give me ideas!!!!
i hate when I get spam, and the name on the from is close to someone I really know and havent talked to in a long time 
now I'm sooOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO  angry but only with one person he hurt me  
i just made the best playlist ever.  i want someone to sing with me 
@PinqyRing  because   everytime  i feel  like i  got  some one they  always  got another  person  ,  i hate   seeingthe  truth in  pics 
@DCLuckiest  You will survive, at least your not married to a military person 
can someone please buy this for me :3  http://tinyurl.com/qjdumm ... i wouldn't spend that much on me either 
wishing i had someone to get me off twitta and beg me to come to bed...nope i dont have anyone 
Why is it that even a friendship with someone of the opposite sex gets...complicated?   No more drama.
doesn't understand what twittering is all about, I feel like an old person 
erm sorry to have worried everyone that last tweet was meant for someone else in my moment of insanity i txtd it wrong ... sowwy 
@NikeMail lol I was just kidding wit the slore statement... I didn't mean it  um... I tweeted the wrong person lol
I missed taking a ride with someone in a R8 today... awwww...  *sniff*
@ddlovato it really sucks when somone doesnt reply to you 
wanting someone to love on!  boooo!
 someone told me latin females dont have a sense of humor.
So laid back... The person I care about the most avoids talking to me on the phone  So I have to settle and talk to this lame dude..  ...
*sigh* I hope I didn't bring anyone down with my bookstore rants. I'm simply reporting on what I have observed locally. 
someone lost my patrick starfish 
 no voodoo. But i met a really cool person that was at the bus stop. Lol
@YOURBRUTHAbrub dude I was so trying to explain the crackheads at cvs to someone but the story doesn't come out as funny as it was 
It's hard when the one person you want to talk to is 400 miles away at basic training 
having issues trying to sleep  someone come make me sleep? (on the psp!)
someone talk? my phones about to die  and i dont have charger  and allys grounded so have nothing to do tonight, everyones busy!!!
@jose3030 I didn't think anyone caught that 
@vocabularies i know, don't tell anyone  i dont know if my dad told the famz yet. i think i'm taking it online.
@hisheidi  my thoughts dwell on a certain person
@RichardGiles mine pools... just in someone elses pocket 
@isilwenlinwelin i am public and can't get anyone to follow me 
@someone Kills me to see you online and not be able to say hello 
@jessiimiica I am like the most saddest person on jtv right now because you are not on 
@psychorn We are at alexander. Just had a 3 course dinner and i am wearing someone elses red wine 
My smartcard fell out of its holder when I was going home today. If anyone finds it, please tell me 
One of these days I'm going to delete something really important   Someone, please, restrict my access!
Seems like i'm the only person over here doing postal voting for the upcoming election ... been there already twice to get the documents 
I dreamt someone committed suicide w a drip stand!  - http://tweet.sg
Thinking about someone. Now a days I think more and code less  What is it...?
someone please tighten some bolts in my brain  :s  there are too many parts loose, some might even be missing 
contemplating borrowing one of my moms dogs just for today..i want to take care of someone. 
painting my nails green in an attempt to look like an army person. annoyed that everyone seems to tan apart from me! freckles and sunburn 
@teaanyone why not?  its the most retarded thing someone could do at their 16th, and you know me- I like to be retarded. 8(
@nettagyrl What makes me sad is when I follow someone I converse with and have similar bios, but they don't follow me back!  
I'm sad to have lost another person close to me to cancer 
I think a cat is trapped in my back garden but cant find it. Hopefully its in someone elses garden, dont fancy finding a poorly cat 
@honeychild27 You're the only person to have joined in  #penilewords 
@babyblueonline omg I'm so sorry to hear that!  If you really need to talk to someone I'm always on here. I'm a shoulder you lean on
@dekhmcclelland One's gone to my husband who's going alone  Other I might just leave at box office under a random name for anyone...
In human anatomy bored out of my mindddd!  someone save me.
@MindTweets I agree. Waiting for a video to buffer then finding it's just someone reading out loud (which I could do faster in my head) = 
@MissLordy If u don't win u can always roll on my pass lol, I don't have anyone to take 
When someone edit your designs is called plagiarism right??, but what can you do??, I'm tired, exhausted and dissapointed 
@iheartreading hey sorry i just got the tweet about the puppy... and someone already got it 
@kmrasmussen nah. How it sucks to wear a suit and how the temp goes up 10 degrees when someone sits next to you 
never trust someone else's battery operated power tools when you're in a hurry 
@heartnsolex3 if its too hard go to ur guy peicing person and he shoud change it cause mine be hard to change to 
@LimeIce  I dint dump anyone. It's always me who gets dumped and blamed. That's why I don't believe in relationships. #twpp
I hve a fat kink in my neck  maybe someone handsome will massage it out later?  we'll see!
@brigwyn someone came in when I was sleeping off my national passtime and turned me human 
@dkmissie Without anyone 
@MsStella damn. You could have just called or told me in person. You didn't have to humiliate me in front of the whole twitterverse. 
may have unintentionally snubbed someone due to my ineptness/shyness. feel badly 
i need to write really bad. can someone go get my diary from my flat for me 
@SeanyeWest the mind plugs work, but the patent got turned down b/c someone already thought of earplugs and benedryl 
@peapodann the second i hit reply to that tweet i was asked to stop playing music.  i am now sad. someone sing to me. on or off key works!
@nerak35 hello 30stm-fan  another one that's cool. i don't know one fan of them in person only via the net  so how are you?
I'm soooo bored. just fuckin got a new phone and called my man but hes busy and one else bored??? 
I recommend returning your broken duck toy with the batteis it came with or the person who your giving it to may get mad!!  trust me!
I'm in tantra, anyone from kirki will know how sad this is, I'm drowning my sorrows ;) 
@ddrdiva @laurapasik @that70sgrl I've always been a ppl person just hid behind bad self confidence for 2 long  u can do anything!
@gabriellenadine carnivalsofparis i think i still have yours on my bl but i'm not sure... i hardly talk to anyone anymore 
@_meeks_ yeah me and my cuz always make the best of any situation. I need someone special too! I be lonely sometimes ::tear::  
Why am I even trying? There's really no point. I wish there was someone who believed in me like I believe in myself  but I guess not... 
I just accidentally gave someone who flagged me down while driving the wrong directions to the airport 
at home by myself  someone come over and keep me company plz
someone stole my mums liqrish stick 
I wish time would fast foward so my sister can be here... so I can have someone to talk to everyday again... 
still sick  chicken soup doesn't seem to do the trick :] can anyone suggest a cure? i'm open for ANYTHING!
Watchn the laker game alone at the house  someone come post up with me
why doesnt anyone want to have dinner with me? 
thinkin I'm the only person who spends 20 minutes tryong to decide what windsheild wiper to buy 
does anyone have one of the 708 magnets? i never got one 
I am apparently a very angry person. 
Lmfaoo I know! I got someone in mind but I feel lazy  @allstar_ace
i want some food so bad  somebody take me to dinner
he has a collar with his name and my contact #, but I still know people who would steal other kitties  i hope nobody did!!
today someone gift me a . ballon so cool  but it blew away  that someone now is angry with me XD
@gregs i'm not a fav person 
Does anyone have a cork swrew ? 
sittin at seatrail with my dad... jeep needs a new starter  anyone know how to put one in?
I work on my day off to cover for someone and the other girl I work with walks out. I have everyones back but no one has mine.    WTF?
@mj_ella i'm just glad that i have someone else to talk to about this...cause everyone else thinks i'm crazy 
Freezing.. someone keep me warm  wait nobody is here darn
Having ma tea &amp; missing someone very badly 
asking someone to my semi.... totally nervous and feel like i am going to throw up 
@yeahthereshewas Agreed! It's a tragedy that should never happen to anyone. 
I hate when your texting someone at 3am, and they are the only person keeping you awake, and they stop texting you/fall asleep 
Fucking wackest shit I've been to in my life. I need someone to call 
If anyone has any advice on turning a very nice guy down please let me know   
so rediculous  i need to talk to the one person who understands.. oh i need you so much right now. i promise i won't cry, again..
But i wish, but i don't know.. I'm scareeeed.   But i want to, cause i really love that person.  He means so much to me.....
my pc is fucked  don't suppose anyone has one a few years old going spare for a few dollah...?
im am currently the only person up on my team 
does anyone happen to have two calculators by accident? cuz zomg i lost mine 
in the lab trying to work out what i'm gonna do thisafternoon now that someone has cancelled 
@SapphyNo1 @bigassbadger - I am getting the same profile appearing as well - someone must have put together some kind of bot, damn them 
i want to be in the sun.  someone build me a garden.
@judy_jay Nothing like someone else filling up your diary for you, eh? 
This is a pain  Like if someone died and it hurts He's still live but gone as if he was dead w.out a care of saying bye I'm so hurt 
has truely had the worst week - needs a coffee and a debreif, oh, and a bitch session. Anyone in??anyone at all?? no?? 
@PhatCrayonz I feel you on that - the realization that the person you thought was *the one* turns out only to be human - can be hard.  
I'm so sorry for anyone who replied to me and I didn't get a chance to reply back. I only just saw the messages now. 
i think someone in this area is having a party  shut up doof doof music 
(@celesssste) i think someone in this area is having a party  shut up doof doof music 
@TheHelpMovement yerr i was! didn't buy a ticket cos i didn't have anyone to go with at first, but found someone last minute! damn 
i must be about the only person in inside on a very sunny saturday 
Is yard selling alone today  but someone gave us 200 dollars for our old couches 
@baikuh I don't believe I am a random person 
i think chris brown's career might be over   hes got another law suit on his hands for assaulting someone else now.
feels sad  only one person can make her feel better xxx
why doesnt anyone @reply me anymore??!! 
I've got an ear infection  just what a person with poor natural balance like me needs.
@1capplegate i really loved ur show! always looked forward to the laugh i hope someone else picks it up 
so bored of not being able to talk. op went well tho. sick of taking meds  talk anyone?
@iheartmonster That is very sad  I've met another person who felt the same so you're not alone! But I guess not everyone can love a book
can anyone upload a background to twitter, as i cant 
@UneBelleFemme That sucks,I would totally post more but i have to close my window everytime someone walks by  I hate working
For someone who doesn't eat processed foods I just bought hella amount of processed fudz. 
wants a pillow, or someone to hug 
pissed off. someone text me and make me happy 
Unable to use my MakerFaire tickets  ...  so I have two spare  ...  anyone want them?
I could go for some red lobster but I don't have anyone to go with 
I will never be able to look at another scottish person again 
@paigexlovesxyou is an amazing  person and i miss her 
@fancypance I always wish someone cool would move in next door to us too, but it never happens 
@tommcfly I wanted so much to have the oportunity to thank you in person for everything mcfly's been doing for the brazilian fans 
all i want to do is listen to bad habit... i usually listen to it 2390429 times a day... i just can't do it without someone here with me 
waitin like a lost puppy for a reply from someone... 
@RyanNesbittUK exactly! thats why someone else should winn! no one else will 
it's typical that the only person who makes you feel loved is so far away 
xcodebuild's -project parameter throws exceptions... anyone else encountering this? 
wants to know if niki scherzinger is actually my idol nicole scherzinger or if its a fan can someone tell me and have proof..... 
@NileyAddict155 thats what she said to someone. and that someone had said to her that they support justin as well as her...  &gt;   x
I guess ill get up...  a little retail therapy never hurt anyone.
ugh i feel dumb  or maybe the person doing the grading is the dummy
@SeanTuckerJr I can't bielive your hanging out with someone who made your ex cheat on you. 
deathly deathly tired. someone is riding dirtbikes in bed stuy. shut the fuck up. i have to go party in .5 hours 
using foul language is disgusting didn't anyone ever tell you??? like your mother? 
@ToneThaBishop u just gotta find someone that compliments u. I'm a party animal, I just don't like the club scene. i attract all types 
 someone threw out a huge bag of clothes/shoes of mine in the garbage by mistake...so not happy!!! 
@LilPouty I was gunna go to that but wasn't sure if I had anyone to go with 
I really wish a certain person would talk to me again 
@OfficialBabyV whatever anyone else is saying, i'm going to miss your tweets!  come back to us soon girl!
 I hate not having anyone to talk to.
@BobaTheFett whoever has @gaystormtrooper 
@nphase oh noes  someone stole your phone??
I got a new bikini and I really want someone to go swimming with now 
Why is it that i've been angry with the person i love the most? 
My boyfriend thinks I am the most annoying person on earth.  Buuuuh 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr I can't @reply to anyone 
darn it, twitter won't send message to my new phone!  does anyone have any ideas as to why that could be? hahaha
So, uh, anyone see my phone? 
I am not with anyone, even turned down someone today. That sucks that you're going to take those  And that you think I don't care.
i'm still packing  someone come keep me company
It's too bad how I came to know a person inside out! 
It's too bad how I came to know a person inside &amp; out! 
why is that when you feel someone? they don feel for you back...  i hate feelings man
my ipod frozen  anyone kno how to fix it???`
but im a little scared walking down this street in this skirt .. there's a man on every corner. someone call me 
stop saying lyrics about someone that isn't me  It hurts 
@nealholyfield ah man, now that I know you have your eye on someone I wont even bother checking it out then  Thats me-crushed.
sombody isn't helping 
@JustinMGaston member wen u never reply back to anyone? 
I feel forgotten  just by one person..
I'm still packing  someone come keep me company
@Krys278 finally! someone who has the same facebook problem! 3 days!  same here!
@micspecial did i tell u i thought kelly kapowski was mexican? as a young latina, i just saw what i wanted... someone who looked like me 
Writing a letter to a certain someone graduating for highschool.  i love you.
left my wallet at someones house 
Bad news someone at the bar who got shot, died  I can't believe I was there
hahahahahaha i dont know anyone on here  someone needs to know me!!!
i'm thinking: this person is an asshole!! &gt;=[ 
i really wish i coulda talked to someone for at least a little while....  oh well, it makes sense to sleep....
how to stop someone who's obsessing on you? it scares me and it makes me paranoid. god please make him stop! i don't feel save anymore 
how do you stop someone who's obsessing on you? it scares me and it makes me paranoid. god please make him stop!i don't feel save anymore 
@jemillahayne ROFLS DUDE! zeke is the reason why i want someone to back me a cake 
@stePRINCE no you don't want to be dead,  you depressed person! 
why don't i show up as a follower on someone eleses page?? 
sc0ttie http://bit.ly/81iLS : I remember Eccles, nice to see an old member back, although not if they have just broke up with someone  
@iheartquotes What if I NEED to reject that person bec it's proven that that person isn't good for me? 
@Jessicaveronica you never reply to anyone 
@16thstreetj Probably the terrorist since tix are $35/person. 
@britl Was anyone hurt?  I hope not 
might go out, but can't call anyone 
i cant find anyone to go to the mall with... 
somebody help me with a story plot thennn 
@SarahNicholas ...as for hay, I got stuck waiting for someone who didn't show up, sadly 
wouldn't wish this sickness on anyone 
Has fixed her printer, by sending someone else to argue to get a new one  but supposes this means there is no excuse not to write chp 5 
@jonoread has it started? I love big brother but don't tell anyone because it's one of them things u keep to yourself haha 
haven't seen anyone all w'end (no the nice man on the till in m&amp;s foods doesn't count!) &amp; starting to feel somewhat lonely now 
@SoftSurrender no it's not, thanks god. i'm just afraid someone could do one  that would be BAAAD
cant find anyone to come over 
Finished x men 3!  need more to feed the adiction! Does anybody know if wolverine is still in the cinema?
I'm so frustrated. I keep searching for this person but is in vain  
im really sick, i need medicine, soup, and someone to cuddle with right now 
Ever hated someones face so bad u just want to beat the crap out of it? Even when the person didn't do anything? - yeah I'm mean 
@McLaneFarr i just noticed that my @reply to you never went through  i was talking to someone about cats and that's what they said
blames herself for driving someone away. Now, she's moving mountains to win him back. 
im bored someone talk too me please 
me- my phones vibrating, someone wants to talk to me. . . thats just the alarm. . . I am a loser 
y &quot;i m always rite...the other person makes the mistakes&quot; feeling stays between good frnds 
I don't think I'm a high-waisted skirt person. 
Evening...has anyone else been having trouble with twitterwall...taking ages and then when registered vote numbers not changing 
Successfully butchered 2 ims to someone on an important subject. I think I'm going silent for the rest of the day, my language is fail. 
im bored someone speak too me 
@Moonflowerchild I'm 2 suspicious of someone who spams me so obviously - prob selling my data 2 devil or something. And not even a bloke 
thinks its sad that the last person alive who was on the titanic has died!  x
Dying from boredom, someone save me 
I don't think anyone likes me on here 
funny how you spend years building someone's trust and one misunderstanding can take that all away. 
why wont anyone follow me 
people think that doing things toward someone will lead them to believe that the other person won't know. It's depressing. 
@scouttle sort of in limbo, waiting to hear back from someone who has a nice apartment I'd like to rent, but is rather hard to find 
if i don't get an edited section from someone soon, they'll just have to deal with the plot not working. lazies 
got my bagg backkk :]]] but someone stole my camera  people are so meannn!!
Oh my gosh. This person's delusions are so annoying!! 
I have a cold  anyone have a tissue
@johnlegend I miss it too  bring it back. If anyone can, you can.
@ijustine Did someone get the fail whales?? 
there is a crazy drunk polish girl in my house...someone please help!!! 
omg why am i even online right now i'm too tired to talk to anyone 
I can't be the only person who thinks the #trendingtopics are lame right now.... 
Wishing there was someone to come over and play rockband with 
i dont know how much more i can study, but it's scary when i havent talked to anyone whose passed it yet 
Its amazing how such and independant person could become so dependent on another, and still be thrown to the side.  
Waaahhh I'm so sick  someone please come take care of me.
argh. why can't I block this person? 
depressed bc someone fell through for her 
@clarisseee why isnt anyone talking to me 
I'm sorry  I don't want anyone blocking me... It's almost 2am, and I'm only getting worse.
@lolporn well then I wouldn't be writing anything to anyone at all?  hehehee kidding. I think boredom is actually my worst culprit!!
@philgareau you dont need to be anymore thinspired by anyone!! &gt; 
I feel bad for whoever has to clean up that mess 
2:17 am I'm tired but can't sleep becuz of msX's bad vibes and needing reassurance from someone.. 
If someone calls you a bon viveur, you may initially be pleased but it turns out they mean you're old, fat and drunk.   
the only person id rather win is @ashleytisdale  and guess what she was nominated 
I'm so scared I'm the only one up and someone keeps banging an pounding on my wall wtf!!!! 
@violetposy I also hope someone stays around to offer some support, she's not just dumped by the production team 
i don't care! fuck the essay  i want to go to sleep! sorry if i wake anyone up 
Gettign very frustrated - someone from EHPS has sent a group advert email and everyone is 'replying to all' 
is ditched by one person now  .... Now i feel i have to move alone...
someone called your horny kitty just started followng me  hahahha
If one more person asks me why im crying ill scream. Going for a walk now. 
somebody is playing their radio and its annoying me 
haaaay...justin. reminds me of someone. 
I need to get up but have no real motivation  can someone help pull me out the bed cause my family can't do the job :/
needing someone to talk to  im over this i cant keep feeling like this
Redeyes are useless if you can't sleep on them. And I can't sleep on them unless the person next to me wants to cuddle. 
sore sore throat. wish i had someone to make me soup 
thinks he just found one of his tshirts... on someone else on facebook 
Why isnt anyone tweeting 
no matther how much someone hurts you why is it that you always want to go back to that person and those times 
Feels bad for denying someone sex.  And theyre probably mad at me.  But at least I can say no.  
at the nuerologist wishing I was some where else 
@JoyrexJ9 did someone diss you in a rap battle? 
Words of wisdom..if someone is telling you stories about one, be assured that person is telling stories about you. it is a viscous cycle 
@MesBates  I did find someone and wish I was at the show rather than still demolishing a cement pond. 
Maybe for *this* birthday I'll talk someone into getting me a rent-a-racer.. except they don't seem to be available in this area 
Loving the sunshine, enjoying the company, missing someone special 
can someone help me? i'm suddenly being spammed, the gmail filter doesn't recognize anyhthing anymore...anyone having the same problem? 
my brain is fucked up and i cant sleep and i want someone to hold me while i fidget and cry.   
Why does twitter give me so much heartache wen I want to change my pic does anyone else have that problem?!? 
imagine losing someone forever, but not knowing where, how, or why? air france flight  i wouldn't be able to wrap my head around that..
ahhh my straightener broke &amp; linens&amp;things went out of business  :: i really hope someone else has it!
why wont anyone follow me 
How come anytime i want to re-tweet something and its over the 140 characteristics it wont allow me and the other person can! That sux! 
wishes to have someone massaging her back and thighs right now. darn achy. 
i feel like death  wish someone would bring me soup and a cup of tea
@juiceegapeach I can't, I get think too much and I'd turn myself off. Lol. I like the unpredictability of someone elses touch. 
Hey did anyone see the president I missed it  http://myloc.me/2i0C
Ouch!   carpal tunnel anyone?
@noHYPEjustBEAST i sowwy.  im sure he's more than proud of the person you are thou!
ever get the feeling someone's peeking while you are home alone working on the computer. I'm kinda getting it right now...  
sadly i have realized that i cannot deactivate my fb because i desparately need someone to sublease from me. 
I just had to discuss the most personal details of my life over the phone with someone I have never met. I think I will go vomit now. 
Finally cleaning jesus then taking the bestie home.  someone should just move in lol.
@TillyRossetti i got that same person following me it was disgusting 
@FrazerRoberts I'm a languagey person though 
@pauloxz Another sad person here. 
For those doing the top10 someone tumblr the rules?! I completely forgot them  aha
@xGirlFixerx idk /: some random person was harrassing me and said im a slut 
does she reply to anyone whose not a celebrity? 
@rkshipper ohh, I don't know anyone who's a member aww  hhaha
@rkshipper ohh, I don't know anyone who's a member aww  hhaha
@royalpurp do you know anyone who can get me into sway if I don't have I.d? 
@LesleyWeston11 haha I know, I can't find anyone to invite me 
have served one person since nine oclock (not good) this recession sucks 
Why are I such a terrible person?  ugh.
@tapulous I redeem the code someone use it 
I just paid $20 in tax on a $158 textbook. I am not a happy person! 
omg... i'm like so so so hungry... somebody save me... 
@tpleeza &amp; he broke up with his girlfriend.. But I had no clue.. &amp; now he's with someone new.. &amp; now I'm mad at myself.  I'm to late.
@kirstiealley this person started following me and of course I was excited but I realized very quickly it was an imposter 
I wish someone in our Breese fam was a n e-commerce/ZenCart whiz  
When I comment someone I expect maybe an answer but not frm this dude  I dont see why I keep turning back and getting nothing in return
hoping someone will follow my hopeless little blog 
so bored i need someone new to talk on the phone with. my tooth hurts  laying in bed thinking. call me if you want to end my boredom..
@zcbyrnes no, not one person 
@lilygetcrunkk you cut them yourself? aww man.  i was hoping youd say prof because id be like &quot;what did you ask the person to cut it like?
Wish I could go on the computer  kinda missing someone..
I just had to ask if anyone was listening to an audio of me talking or if i was just hearing my &quot;memories.&quot; 
@soporificfrog you ever walked in on someone you fell for cheating on you with your best mate? makes you really not want to trust ppl 
@jjprojects ...only in my constant mention of it, as it seems to me so logical as to be simple - I have yet to find anyone working on one 
back... aw someone didnt give me penis or post  ....-cries to sleep
how anyone could ever abandon a boston terrier.. i'll never understand 
Feeelin like a real bad person  i am pretty much horrible
My &lt;3  goes out to the family of ducks I passed that was trying to cross the freeway today. I didn't hit them but I bet someone else did. 
Missing someone  terribly- 1 n 1/2 wks now
I gave a crackhead all my quarters tonight  someone give me some......change?
I don't want to talk to anyone right now.   got that hannah?!
I want my own lucas scott. Seriously. I want someone like him or edward or something 
Send someone to love me, i need to rest in arms. I'll grow through this pain, Lordn im doing all i can 
Why is it hard f0r this person to understand?!? lord, i got bored expaining!!! AaaaaaaaaaaH 
http://twitpic.com/6g8qu someone put my pack on the fly trap!!! 
@pinkyxanna nope  hoping to find someone else. know any couples? hahaha.
hmmm on mobile i have no blue who is following me . Or indeed IF anyone IS following me. 
gosh i hate arguing w/ the one person you care so much about.. 
I want to go out right now...why doesnt anyone live around me 
Looking for a new job   tmz if u need someone am your person.
cant sleep  someone keep me company
Still up  somebody entertain me
@tearn that's so true.. words can hurt someone so much worse than any physical damage 
I find it really hard to be mean. No, I'm not a nice person... I just really don't know how to be mean. 
totally depressed  the entrance exams were....just crazy...I have no idea how anyone could have possibly known all the answers...
Shit!! I have to take back my last comment, he's only 17   One more year!! But, seriously someone has been eating his Wheaties!!
@icywings11 only if said person was me... 
( person who keeps on switching usernames so she can follow me is so getting on my nerves &gt; I don't even know her 
My shift is only just beginning but I'm pining to be outside  somebody save me.
Reddit is a harsh mistress - someone posted my innocent, sloppy code snippet and it's been torn to shreds 
thinks she's made a big mistake.  TWO days and already made to feel responsible for every morsel of food going into someone else's mouth 
I need a hug from someone im not related to 
@PaperCakes  Maybe someone got a screen shot?
i done a whoops, killed 2 django sites because i dont know anything about them  a little help someone?
I needs a new rubiks cube  anyone got any reccomendations on where to get a new one?
@regularguy someone might move into my apt so before I go on vacations i need to move out. I haven't started 
There's a bagel on the kitchentable, I want to eat it like soo bad but I Think it belongs to someone 
I really need a 24-70 f 2.8 lens I have a 24-105 L canon f4. can anyone help me.. 
if I go home though I still don't have anyone to cuddle with, though 
@jaybby_ that and the person didn't believe I was 18 when I was asking about stuff  no fair!
hello you mac people.does anyone know a good gmail widget for the dashboard?my old one isn't working anymore  just a number sucks though.
why does treating someone else like a child make some people feel so big?  
@lozhead it was brilliant, but someone nicked my iphone at it and i'm phoneless and musicless  still, at least some good came out of it!
medium  i don't want anyone to die or leave!!!
I'm very upset that someone stole my ring from the ladies room. Who does that?!?! 
Really want a nap but dont have a certain someone to nap with 
@LuvinMeSomeD I don't know I just don't get how anyone never mind a parent hurt a child that way 
...well i can, but the other person needs to be a programmer 
now does anyone know how to do screen caps?....i dont think you can with an flv player 
@RosieGaga im sorry   you so should have won!! i dunno how anyone beat you
@isabologna congrats. Too bad you can't drive anyone 
@thereasonwhy i keep gettin transfered 2 the same person &amp; when i explain my story 2 the one who answers she says i have 2 transfer u 
@alexcashcash i had lollies for you guys on friday but then someone opened my bag so i lost them all 
@nahjoyce  don't hannah! your a good person.
waitin for someone to twit me already! why aint nobody talkin to me? 
Its not good breakin something that can't be replaced that's someone elses ..i feel bad 
yep. but on july 2nd! you'll be gone!  i have to talk someone else into going with me! 
@abiFACE im getting my cavity filled at 2:30  i need someone to hold MYYY hand!
@jennwagner no they can't...i have tried to send replies to someone i followed but didn't follow me, didn't work 
@deecosta I think im the only person reading it 
bike lights aren't working  anyone have electrical tape?
@haleycairns Roberts gonna have someone cut an identical piece for the base for me... 
this is boring not 1 person is following me 
@DogBountyHunter it's not just you it's everyone! I just saw someone who hurt me real bad 3 months ago and they like to rub it in my face 
has anyone ever lost contact with someone &amp; wondered why?? your all the way in florida &amp; i dont know a single digit 2 ur # 
@DJSMOKKE  *plzzzzzzzzz* u need someone to take care of him while ur on the road... He would LOVE his auntie!!!
@Missjo5ie i just seem to be a confuing person anyway 
i think i'm sick  somebody make me some instant noodles!
I need someone to fuck my tight hole 
cannot sleep thinking about someone's health.. im hurting inside badly 
@emalea @youngq can someone hook me up with the live chat info? 
does anyone remember the Y2K shirts. lol... that was over 9 years ago... thinking back is making me feel old. 
If anyone was offended by language on my last tweet, I don't care because @DawnMiceli isn't following me or @calilewis. 
Studying  someone pls shoot me in the head!
kinda misses someone special 
I hate being a business person  why does it suck so bad!!
Why are people so quick to blame someone else when they're at fault also? far out... So not cool.  At least I have the guts to say...
im mad! someone gave me a stuffy nose &amp; its 2 days till formal!! 
A certain person is driving me insane!! 
@hintswen I dont know anyone else with tesltra 
@bobbythomas1 dont u think that all that frenzy abou your person could change your personality? cause it happens usually 
how hard is it anyways? can anyone tell me hw to do it 
@Blears i know she did but the only reason anyone is paying it back is cos the public found out about it! sorry about yr mirror 
i want to annoy this person soooo bad. 
kinda wishes I had someone to call my baby 
anyone know how to balance chemical equations ugh 
@jenblower kittencam is stalled for me.  anyone else having probs?
says is reading someone's blog. Makes me wanna think twice about trusting household helps.  http://plurk.com/p/y57cq
Man, regex and mod_rewrite..  Can anyone help me. I want to take a match and replace dots with pipes - |
does anyone wana write my letter of application for me?? big me up some what?? its too sunny to work 
im soooo bored someone talk to me 
@rbrtpttnsn fyi you only get reply's if you don't follow someone  and you can't send messages or see what's up with them.
someone has my msn passwort 
i lost an earring.  they were a very special gift from someone i love very much.  bummer
Leaving the library  Boohoooo.... Hahaaaa... Lollies anyone?
i want adios script font  someone give me 99$!
blood ran cold. someone clarify my doubts. 
lost tha perfect person  i didnt want this 
Does anybody know somebody who can wipe away all my parking tickets? 
awe, someone unfollowed me   well, maybe it was one of those spammers...
now i need to find at least 1 person to come with me. why doesnt anyone i know like miley?  but i am not going alone/with my little sister
I'm sooo glad I live 5 mins from work..my tire doesn't have air  so my boss is sending someone to pick me up. Yay me!
um.....anyone know anyone hiring out there??  
I think somebody pressed my self destruct button 
@yoimajunkie dont laugh  lol but i am a nice person but i cant enjoy myself and work under bad vibes
anyone out there know a good website to find font? I had one a while back but I lost it. 
drowning in snot  really...I sooo sick *cries* pleaaase someone tell me how to turn it off...pleassse :'(
billy is now officially a loach. man, i won't have anyone to annoy in class anymore.  ha!!!
anyone with media exposure want to see if they can help me? I'm so very lost right now... 
Wishs he didnt say, what he said to liz, the asomeness greatest person on earth, and hopes she forgives him, goodnight 
I'm on the mobile app @blaqrainbow so I can't block anyone 
@selenagomez you're a wonderful person and you dont deserve that 
i'll just have my massage somewhere then... somebody's not following some rules here.. 
@jakeneff yeah that's really weird. unfortunately, i'm not a firewall-savvy person so i'm not sure how to circumvent that. 
\When will this person realize that it's always been the same, it never changed? I guess truth really hurts. 
i've tried my best for not thinking damn much. but its still spinning on my head. anyone reveal insomnia potion pls 
boy do i want an uncharted beta code  lol  does anyone have any xtras for a guy like me??
is crushed and disappointed in someone's lack of response regarding the birthday present she gave someone special 
is hurt and disappointed by someone's lack of response to a birthday present she gave to him  she still doesn't know if he liked them!!!
@lucindalunacy though I just checked their calendar and looks like someone realized the conflict and cancelled the party.   no nude guys.
someone please drive me down to a farm, let me feed pigs and ride horses! anyone know a farmer?who will let me?  ambition for life now. &lt;3
@danheyden She can be amusing and crazy, but also a very hurtful and emotional person. 
1.44am now can't get to sleep wna talk to somebody badly but nobody's there urrrrrgh wtf 
gone someone phone me to arrange drinkin 
@ninjala anytime buddy! anytime...too bad i wasn't there 
@xu_wang  You evil minded person, you.
i CANNOT decide on a ring. does anyone know of jewelers similar to cathy waterman but 1,000 times cheaper?? 
Some person left a really lame and cruel message on there earlier. 
How do you eat a toaster struedal if someone else eats all the icing packets.. 
Is anybody online that I can talk to! And it's still raining here 
needs to talk to someone.  why do boys in perticular NEVER keep promises? hmmmmpphhhh!
@timothythompson i'd hate to think anyone feels mistreated  there's a phone number they can call if they feel that way
someone stole my phone  i hate people... i dont get why they do that shit. fucking jerks.
@ifpetscouldtype I get angry and upset when I hear of animals being hurt! how can anyone do that? 
To anyone I have hurt, wronged, mislead, ignored, smothered, fought, loved, and lost...I truly apologize, and you deserve better from me 
anyone like the 1985 movie phenomenon...back to the future??? anyone???  
long islanddd i feel sick  someone cuddle w meee
To anyone I have hurt, wronged, mislead, ignored, smothered, fought, loved, and lost...I truly apologize, and you deserve better from me 
It's 3:30 and I still haven't seen a single person.  I am so bored. 
@TentCamper They never respond to anyone  #spymaster
i think someone should come to library with me tomorrow, i've been a loner everytme i've been   
@hustler408 dude i was walking back from lunch and someone ran over a rat 
 getting rid of the z28 camaro. Its a said day. If anyone wants it, come get it. Its also on ebay
@galleysmith me too.  I wish I could borrow a copy from someone  I know I'd probably finish it in a day
is queing for idol. shhhh don't tell anyone 
Just want someone that i can call mine     i am tired of being the sad ugly one ily &lt;('-')&gt;
I rentd,  valkyrie, mall cop, new underworld.   If anyone wants to come chill with injured me. Haha 
wtf wtf wtf wtf why her  i mean serro anyone but her  
@lloydmoore It's useless to argue with someone who's made up their mind already. I certainly don't want you to go but I don't wanna fight 
@Marissazaguirre aw  who is this person?
@emilio_delgado ...I find it REALLY unfortunate that you're not following me..considering you were the first person I ever followed. 
I really just want my camera back.  This isn't fair at all. I have bad luck, never trust anyone but yourself.
thiinkiinqqq bOut hiim 
@allygaggs oh you know someone i may or may not have treated like crap and am going to be making the same mistake with soon enough 
i am a fresh food person. not really. id rather not work. 
i always feel really dumb when i try to reply to celebrities. am i a stupid fangirl? i try to act like a normal person... 
Still can't follow anyone... 
I miss talking to ^%$#@! It sucks how you and someone can share such a connection and then suddenly that connection goes poof. 
I'm sickies  I like being a girl..except at times like these...someone shot meeee please
someone please come hug me 
@mikeziegler I didn't have anyone 2 go with. You never asked 
Hands down... I'm the youngest person here... 
someone please entertain me... i cant fall asleep 
I'm lonely!!    Ladies and gentleman...if u have someone in ur life, be blessed!!!
@anyone helllllllo? is anyone there? texttttt me! 760-550-0546!!!! send me something random/funny, im bored at work til 12 
ariel's going away part.  first person i met here, first person to leave 
@bummerbash i honestly just left it in my cabinet and the next thing i knew, it was gone! ( i think someone stole it... 
@csi_printchick @jonathanrknight is not happy with me at the moment  sorry man..i am not a patient person i had to sneak a look
i love dateline/mystery solving shows.  not good for someone who gets nightmares easily 
fun niightt with ryan, upset with someone i wanted to be with 
To stressed out to go to sleep  if anyone can give me any tips that would be great!
@nerdyboytko awww  well go find someone! are  u picky&gt;?
anyone need a hug? i need one. 
just wrote a really fun song! But I need guitar  anyone?
@Sarahndipitea not so great. I can tell u in person about it 
@Cantrewind@floatnsink awwww    someone cant handle their tequila?
@Cantrewind @floatnsink awwww  someone cant handle their tequila?
am i the only person online.  everyone went out w/o me? 
@summerwalker does that make me a bad person if i still do it? or just a stupid one? 
y isn't anyone talking to me its not fair i need someone to talk to  just a hi would be nice :'[
laying in bed trying to find someone to go shopping with 
trying to get someone to rent my room, feel like my head is going to exlode... 
someone please bring me a new computer. 
@aniki21 I'd lend you the ps3 but I'm already doing someone else that favour 
does anyone have some cheery fic to rec me? I just feel like crying 
i hate my lifeee! boys are dicks and my best friend aint the same person anymore! kill me? 
@GambitUK poor thing  find someone to go with you? X
no wrk... waiting to chat wid somebody 
thinks that it's hard to believe that she actually agrees with someone else's view about him.  http://plurk.com/p/yu2xg
http://twitpic.com/6qk3n - Muishui for @fonzareli .She's beautiful,don'tknow how anyone could've dumped her 
So i lied. I'm sorry..random stranger. I don't mean it. Really really sorry 
Why isn't anyone updating 
why does it have to be a subtle and delicate matter? [badly needs to talk to someone  ]
@marti_andrews  but we always have to have someone to blame.  It's easy: silver bullet then--scapegoat now. That's how so many things go. 
it's raining and that's bad... I'm in a terrible mood...    can someone help me pls!!! 
Studying. Does anyone want to do it for me, please? 
@kingkortney lol well i was sleepin all good n someone called my phone @ 6am went back to sleep but wasnt the same  LOL
it's annoying when you can't tell if the person you are checking out is a guy or girl  damn short hair cuts
says helo.does somebody care for me.?  http://plurk.com/p/yw2h8
@amien00dz please mosh someone's face in my absence.  
don't you hate it when you are the only person up!!! @six8thagreat  wake up babe
@jag08 ugh me too  if you need someone to cheer you up let me know
I cant find anyone on this? 
oh safina  someone brought their A-game..it wasn't you unfortunately
@davashmava: I'd tell you, but then I'd have to kill you &gt;;) buuuut, I'll tell you in person, you'll laugh at me 
@MouseholeCat ...a shy person, as we had so much attention wherever we went in it! Eventually it needed a new engine, so it was scrapped 
only one person here for magic.  just playing casual.
Fml i went bowling last night and someone stole my wallet 
neglected by the one person I need the most at the moment. personal comment: this sucks. 
@nobubee Didn't end up going, couldn't get anyone to come with me. 
To anyone going to makeup and margaritas.. I am so sorry, I'm not going to make it  accidentally slept in  #gnoDC @blairdc @amandasena
my mac suddenly won't connect to wireless...  anyone know why?
@arsi90 someone took this chicks phone out of her purse and put on my desk and she flipped out and I got in trouble for it 
and the one person i love more than myself, hates me. I think. I have never cried so hard, for so long, so much. 
my bank just txt me an update... bummer cuz I was hopin it was someone else. 
anyone get google analytics for #umbraco working... my tree is empty 
I'm in the bathroom trying to pee in the stall next to someone taking a shit....she smells so bad my bladder is shy 
somedays all i want to be is a missing person .... 
theres a spider the size of a small african country  on the wall - heeeeeeeeeelp me someone!!! 
Does anyone want me around anymore...cause i dont want me around...  *shawna*
missin' someone special as hell! ...is he thinkin' of me 2? 
got heartburn sumthin brazy...anyone have any suggestions how to get rid of it? 
anybody got tips on how to parallel park? i suck at parallel 
@thedrumlife LOL  I don't have anyone to go with!!!
@Michellexstar I tried real hard and couldn't find anyone to go with 
Wow bored as hell message me someone 
My sunburn is on fire!!!  someone shoot me!
I would love to have someone taking care of me right now... massage, dinner... maybe? 
That bill person on c4 is not being funny, isn't he ment to be funny? 
does anyone have a nintendo 64 controller??? 
i got my nintendo to work, (yay!) but the controller isn't working.  (no!) does anyone have an extra lying around?
loves it when you wait around for someone all day and they can't even show 
@Tejuschka me too... but who doesnt?? she... and maybe one more person 
i'm scared.. somebody hold me please 
@seaniebgood does someone need a nap . . 
Maybe being honest and careing is not enough to make someone fall in love with you 
It sucks when you can't get a hold of someone ! Ungh I need better internet on my cell! I hate sidekicks ! 
I wish someone buy me a bottle of painkillers and watch a movie with me 
..bored, wanting sexytime with a special someone..miss him 
@JonathanRKnight nope, they don't sell babies....I want one too...the only issue is finding someone who is man enough 
I hate not being able to be there for someone u love but even if I was there I prob couldn't do anything. I feel like a terrible daughter 
@Luvelii I didn't  you have aim or yahoo? Or just give me some hints on who the person is
@grevon &amp; boltvanderhuge: isn't anyone going to come to my wedding?! ....... 
anybody understand me  i misssssss my bff.
@robosiek I wasn't being mean to anyone 
why is everyone i know with the person that they love...but me? 
Ugh i thought u said it goes directly to the person 
@Reemski didn't end up going! my cousin bailed and I couldn't find anyone to go with me on such short notice! 
Misses boyfriend more then anyone can imagine. This is soo hard, but I love you 
@FlowjoStevo deff i am relaly not down with having more than 1 person that i am with the feeling sucs 
i just had tu turn somebody down for a date  lol
@bluewaterscents the closests person I had to become not single, lied to me 
@Schlafly eh, give em to someone else. I couldnt make it there and have enough time to enjoy them if its over at 10 
@JammyRabbins I know exactly how you feel  you're not alone lol! I keep getting to see these incredible sunsets &amp; I wish somone was here
laying down with my favorite person ever! but ughh i do not feel good 
Wish I was w/ him 
does anyone have any extra lip studss. I just lost one of mine 
Not the happiest person right now. 
@SandraRose what a sicko! to think that someone only a year older than me could be capable of such a thing!! just wow!!! so sad 
Needs to get something from my car but scared someone is lurking and will attack me when I'm out there. I'm a wimp when D's not here. 
@NicholasDemo not a date holmes-my man don't get down like dat ya heard/ I caught a glimpse of someone picking up some change 
you're worrying me sick... i dont know whats going on, if anyone got hurt, if you're hurt emotionally, i miss you like crazy!  asdfghjkl;
 i wish someone was here to watch this movie with me. sucks watching titanic alone. haha depresing!
i cant stand seeing anyone cryin 
wishes she had someone to go out for a beer with 
laying on tiffany bed just playing around on the computer and thinkin bout someone i miss very much!! 
someone bring me some food 
god damn it someone hit me up 
@verwon yea, i saw where u said someone only did like 23 updates, and got thrown in jail, and someone else was in jail for 2 hours 
Has it ever happened to you where you can smell that one person you like . . .   
@jorale84 I wanted to take one with goofy!! But I didn't even see anyone! 
Has cooked and eaten beehoon and now wondering if there's anyone who will help her to iron clothes. 
I need to sleep... but the rag quilt I just finished is in the dryer and I cant leave it there all night bc someone might steal it 
i dont know anyone on bebo  its really cold 
I had 2 love someone enough 2 let them go &amp; although I hope they return I don't think they will!! Damn this hurts like hell! 
these freezies are fastly turning me into a person with cold hands who hates herself.  
You remind me of someone I used to know. So its like im losing the same person twice 
This dance floor is missing someone 
@_terrydean wow man, that fuckin' sucks... Hopefully someone nice finds it, and turns it in... =/ somewhere...  i've done  that one before
@curious_scribe bummer  I hope someone is taking good care of you x
@thisisjme really miss this one person she knows she isn't suppose to be missing 
anyone know if there are 24 hour maccas at parramatta? i cant remember 
someone's stolen my shoes.  why on earth would they do that?  for starters, they smell 
is having the absolute worst insomnia. i wish someone was here to soothe me to sleep 
@BefiBeez I got that britney person too 
cba cleaning my room..but someone has to do it or else it won't get done 
hmm pagemethod works locally but not on server  anyone had this problem?
ergh, i think ive given myself food poisoning  someone, anyone wish me well 
I want/need a job...oh man  anyone know anywhere?
I just want to meet someone and fall in love again. 
@jes1129 got a text from someone! he even tried to call me! 
I wish I had someone to cuddle up with atm 
probably the only person i know not at the parade. damn. 
@ForeverbyKylene No! thank god! he was working at our store and someone came in &amp; stole some stuff &amp; ran out! 
Someone pointed out in the bugs list @precentral that the #pre doesn't display the home state of an unknown caller.  FAIL!  I need that. 
looks like nobody can go to gay pride  i wanna kill someone
someone drive me to the dr 
It shud be illegal 2 make fake pages pretending 2 be somebody else! &gt; Ugh i hate distances 
I'll never forget someone saying to me &quot;you're the ferrari people want, but can't have. they'll look at you but they won't have you.&quot; 
@Evilragd0ll  that's not good. i hope you're okay, if you need anyone for a chat you know where i am x
@travisbme ahem! that looks like someone was driving and taking a picture with their phone... safety first....  
@the_matty_boosh DAMIT was looking for someone to boost it with ... 
doesn't have anyone to talk to anymore 
@ work ... going crazy until 12  .......someone please keep me company !!!
@michaelpg I keep turning to the person sitting next to me hoping it'll be you but alas, its not 
@snw He moved host from someone else to my server, and for some reason my server has troubles with mybb 
@kellyprovence I want it but i dont have anyone to play with 
@aferomckinney  who were you wanting to win? The person I wanted to win didnt make it past the first round 
Oh...I didn't go at all. I didn't show anyone 
@zoewinters Thank you for your sympathy, it is very traumatizing when someone steals your treasure. 
Another delivery person  *grumble grumble*
#nation anyone else having trouble viewing the live feed for #wsop14 final table? Just getting a video player with blank white screen 
I'm going to find someone someday who might actually treat me well. This is a big world. Goodbyes are forever 
Why can it not be the person i want it to be? I dunno what to dooo 
We can't link our router to someone elses. 
So wish I could get drunk for my birthday!  someone come take me out!
someone learn the parent trap handshake with me por favor! 
@whatabout_ken I hope someone does. What I didn't like in the beginning when they presented him that you could hear some boos 
@mileycyrus Because its goodbye and its that person!! 
@mileycyrus because you know you will miss the person 
i feel sick...that party wasnt very fun...too many hyper 7th graders...ugh i need someone to cheer me up please!!! 
@JKFALSETTOKING no, i needed someone to take it. i'm not good at self-photography. i would have had the best 1 w/ the owner! boo 
someone that hugged me got bar bQ sauce on my white sweater! 
I hate being that person that does nothing but whine about how much their life sucks. I'm turning into that person, it seems, permanently 
@babygirlparis hi i have a weird question for you do you know anyone who wants a kitten? cause i am having a hard time selling them  help
i want to go to work but they wont let me until I get a doctor to say its ok  first appointment is at 4.10 with some temp person. yay.
anyone someone leave me luv... is sooo left out... needs new friends 
@ShayyyG I didn't hear from my favorite person 
Is the worst person on earth! I for go to tip the pizza guy when I signed for it. I'm usually a great tipper!  bad juju
i need to believe in you but i can't u are so different u aren't like me u are like an other person... i want to know the true 
@Mage well great so not only do I fail at something I always tried hard to do but then someone else does it on accident.  you're a jerk
@woaharjay is my new favorite person. but i'm jealous of her. she lives in california! 
@buckhollywood I was watching them, but I had to clean up my kitchen!  I hope someone puts it up online!
@JeromeKoehler haha aghhh no coffee  i am worried about jason too; anyone heard from him?!
@itschristablack i'd rather be pretty in person i suppose...but unfortunately, i'm photogenic 
i'm invisble for yo you are a superstar and me are simple person and you love other peroson 
does anyone know my section? 
I wish i had someone to sing me a lullaby 
@liz_nicole An article someone wrote for me as proof of their writing ability, in order to work as a writer for me. 
Why can't I just go to sleep like a normal person? 
 nvm not double didgets someone on my followers was bad so i had to block them  sorry person
@aubrianaa ok you got me...  but he's a really good writer, i dont think i would have any other person doing my hw.
omg i need a drink somebody help me!!! better yet someone get me a shot of 151!! 
fucking hell...in the worst mood possible...  i want a hug...and someone to talk to..
I will officially no longer be statusing in the third person.  #fb
i honestly feel like rikki and vikki from double shot at love. like when you like more than one person how the hell do you pick?  helppp.
somebody stole my club sandwich 
does anyone still can download from amanaimages? 
anyone with the torrent location for offensive security courses? been searching for a damn link fr bout an hour now... 
@jenn_niceweiner No I don't want to because I don't want to sing to someone that's as pretty as you if it's not going to sound good 
anyone want a kitten? shes reaaaaaaalllly cute. we just cant have her cause room mates are allergic 
I can't sleep....   and this book is weird...can anyone explain to me what exactly a lesbian lisp sounds like?
@mileycyrus i know you're not gonna trust everyone and anyone but you seem really sad  its not nice to see you or your twitters! ha so sad
@BritishJen I know girl that was so mean of you  glad to see you are being the bigger person ;)
dinner was cancelled, does anyone wanta go out? 
@tambourinequeen I don't know!  I hope no one else is seeing it...I don't want anyone new to think that's me!!!
does miss talking to someone  and also needs to stop getting sooooo drunk!!!
@epidemicover I should! I'd so love that more! But I don't know anyone that's into indie music!  when is it??
Rahhhh someone find me a cheap angled liner brush preferably from an aussie online store 
@bradiewebbstack why don't you reply to anyone anymore? 
don't know my section yet  If anyone knows just tell me.
so my internet drops out as they announce the winner. fml. well, congrats to roxy i guess, i wanted it to be someone from the forum 
anyone Else hate the raiin 
@carriee93 omg you like totally should. you'd be the coolest person like ever. he doesn't do his hair like that anymore though 
@Gwakkle I don't have anyone to go with  otherwise i would
zomg. forgot to bring my coat  it throwing down. if anyone fancies bring me a coat, i finish at 4.30!! pleeeeaaaaassssseeeee.
I feel so sick and I'm in complete shock I still don't get how someone can be there one minute and gone the next. I miss him already 
Does anyone know where I left my checkbook? 
Does anyone hate having a cup of drink and they can't help but drink it all at once? 
I hate being ill. I'm going to refuse to get out of bed today. Not that there's anyone to complain to, as my flatmates aren't around... 
Ahhh i think i may have found someone whome i like.. but he is sadly not feelin  the same way 
How does one succeed at a sales position with no voice?  Can anyone please tell me?   
@Primevalfans I hope someone dose. Becase itv have axed it 
found out that another awesome person is no longer with the company 
who am i to talk to? please anyone? 
@rlmccreary i wanted to have one of them. but kayle stole edward and someone stole @mileycyrus  so i didnt get one.
@stefaniejessica make sure lisa comes, i'm scared i won't know anyone! haha i wish @Tennesseexo was coming 
anyone else reek at math? are you ashamed too? 
I want a new job, city, lifestyle, man, and someone to blame other than myself for not having any of those things.. totally bummed today 
anyone out there??? 
I'm sorry I'm the worst person ever 
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I just realised that I am a very bored person 
to all the people with locked updates..if u tweet someone who isnt following you, they wont get anything u say to them 
if anyone has their site hosted on IPOWERWEB servers.. its probably down right now 
my number at the mo is 07813951119 until a kind person gives me mine back 
I wanna go see @mitchelmusso tonight  someone give me a rideee !
@strineindiepics anytime bud! I actually created this like a month ago but never knew anyone on it  but times have changed! and how!
I've outdone myself this time for ending up in the middle of someone else's drama.  I didn't even do anything! 
@mmitchelldaviss I'm a nice person; really.  I'm not mean.
 idk wat to do! someone get me out of this house... fast.... to much tension that i dont even noe about! (left out)
@Squibby_ I havent managed to meet anyone who'll be of use like that to me 
waiting for the refrigerator repair person to come 
confusion happens on a regular basis for a confused person like me.. 
@KDtwtr oh that was just a general statement, not really aimed at anyone! well not you...no offence hehe 
@alanagwinner how funny! i'm sad that they killed the mountain lion, though  he didn't mean to hurt anybody :'-(
@Jeters i am very sorry.  i don't know anyone in seattle that could be of assistance to you.
my roomie called to inform me someone tried to break into our apartment when she was there today..awesome. 
someone hacked my myspace  tell me why this always happens to me....
 fuck. I am an ugly person.
why does the fear of having a conversation with someone i don't really know paralyze me? I'm so awkward! I hate it 
I'm still at the office - someone bring me some takeaway PLEASE! 
I'm so bored  someone please talk to me before I die of boredom !!!
@conniesu someone hit ur car!? not ur new carrrrr 
@Jonasbrothers Y A Y! do u guys not @reply anyone anymore 
@ArkadyShevchen this is almost nothing compared to a car, but is all i had on my account  but if you need someone deadly hurt, call me =D
The chemo session is starting 30 mins late at 930 instead. The waiting isn't helping anyone. 
i want someone to make me a grilled cheese  i really needa move
just ate the best steak he's ever cooked, was only missing one thing...someone to share it with... 
@cutienik00 yeah but I can't follow anyone else 
i think im falling in love but the person in question is miles awy 
No internets=death  i want cereal... And someone to play with
Fucking rockford cops...taking information from someone about me that is obviously not me...now i have to prove it's not me..im upset 
@Singinggirl489 I wish I did, but my guess would be as good as anyone's I'm afraid 
i want a webcam... but i don't think i'd have anyone to video chat with if i did get one  haha.
I'm hungryyyy and there is no food in the apartment!! .. Does anyone want to make me dinner?? Or give me anything?!?!!!! PLEASE!!! 
i think i'm the only person who hasnt seen hangover 
@saykendrawithme you are that one person!! I wish I could squee to you over aim rn 
someone please find a way for codykins to get me my boat tickets 
I had to jinx it  I was interrupted again, and it was the same person. I was only 25 minutes in. I'm pissed  #chuckmemondays
I may have found somebody who would want one of my cats, and now I'm sad   #fb
i always feel like running at night. wish someone would go with me 
@1derfulNUPE umm why you aint tell anyone to follow me 
Saying to goodbye to the one person I love. So sad 
@netsjetsfan  it would be funny if it were anyone else lol
why is it the one person u truly want doesnt want u back 
Does anyone have a clue how to create a wikipedia page? I feel so out of my element! 
watching sisterhood of the traveling pants 2 wishing I had someone here to hangout with 
dealing with super annoying client... make up your mind man... keep changing and not satisfied with whatever, when no clear req was given 
Someone wants me to help in a o/s comp that doesn't allow slash. That's a deal breaker for me 
@twitter  can't remove a person from mij follower list  because strange activity from that person ^^
is sunburned as hells and thinks someone should come rub aloe vera on her 
@VanNessVanWu good or bad ending..someone told me the good ones go down.  really?
is sunburned as hell and thinks someone should come rub aloe vera on her 
Trying to keep myself occupied so I don't focus on the person that hasn't called me 
Everybody are sleeping.... I'm the only person who can't fall asleep again after that vibration, I was having a good dream!   aaarghhh!!!!
@bamaloo i already &quot;fired&quot; when the maintenance page was removed... someone pass me the tissues 
I couldn't begin with the games, cuz I'm the last person on the list... that'S bad 
Does someone - ANYONE - have a school-styles email address I can use? 
still bummed.  somebody cheer me up.
wishes to see kim bum in person  http://plurk.com/p/11anmc
I really want to see someone right now but its just not possible  I hope they know who they are because this tweet is for them.
I don't think the person knows  ah well I suppose it serves me right.
Sure feels stupid to let a person with the username fofdebs suggest a username for u 
ahhh. nearly break so its all good. hopefully a very fit someone is in havent seen him yet..  xx
i cant trust anyone atm 
@ddlovato i saw a picture of someone being sucked in a jet engine once. be careful demi we don't want to lose you! 
I hate working this early. There's never anyone to talk to 
@JodieOliver no  the person i was meant to go with went to download instead.. pants!
@TalkBackWCPO wrong...  I'm still a coke and drp person besides even generic is 80 cents a 2 liter now   they keep creepin up
@Fanlounge yes  I know it's so bad right...not even actually...we got someone saying shes not coming anymore she wants her money back 
@afronurse101 word they say it was someone she had to fire. An the police has no suspects yet, everyone is worried the murderer is loose. 
#haveyouever wanted to ditch some1 so bad but can't for the sake of somebody else? 
@lisadoods That's where someone we were talking about yesterday lives... 
@KelliUK sorry..We had one person quit and I was trying to get you on but they let him come back. 
I miss someone so badly, it hurts  (no, its not my brother altho i do miss him, yes)
@bkoonce3 you are the 2nd person to say that! haha...   That's what I get for trying to tweet with our mayor. lol.
@poneee sadly the attacker was a homeless  sad that1who's so let down by the system ultimately takes it out on someone who DOES help
Man I haven't eaten anything in like 12 hours and someone ate my last hot pocket!!! It was all I had  I'm going to the diner for food.
can't figure out how to approach this~ i don't want to hurt anymore and don't want to hurt anyone  guess i'll keep praying about it
You would think if I continue to block someone, despite the fact they are under a new username each time, I DON'T want them following me! 
I keep waking up waaaay too early for someone that doesn't have a job... 
false alarm. its not up yet  Wish someone would think about us aussies for once...
someone flushed a puppy down a toilet......mean people 
heartbroken.....sad....upset...i loved him but he loves someone eles 
#lastfm neighbors recommendation is crappier than ever: it is adding anyone who's ever listened to a spanish song 
im hated by every1 there is only that cares a lot about me.idk if that person cares anymore.... 
just woke up to mitch calling.. and i was a nice person and ignored it.. still sleepy 
I pass my reflection, it's someone else... I see your invention and not my self 
I can't find anyone. 
they have arrived!!! sadly i must buy my gift again  anyone got any wrapping paper or am i buying that too?l
@KeezyP i was there for someone else....i miss the bowties 
boo 2day sucks  someone cheer me up please
I am so annoyed. I need 1313 pictures watermarked asap and am having a hard time finding someone . 
this is damn confusing lah. and the only reason why did someone else take alcohollywood? now im stuck with alc0h0llyw00d.. 
I'm a bad person, friend, employee today. I'm sorry. To everyone. 
@AngharadTomos You lovely person! I am glad the days of builder wolf-whistles are behind us. I never got one either  I still want yr hair.
is really bored, and fed up with boys treating her like crap. all i want is for someone to love me for who i am     x
is thinking its so hard when your in love that one person and they are in love with someone else 
sitting here like a piece of shit someone get me out of here 
Telling a third person story is only embarrassing if everyone knows it is about you 
Myspace is gurrd .. whyy doesnnt anyone use itt?? 
i want my book bac  i may be forced to go hulk on a certain someone if it is not returned shortly 
@FocusedDiva it's always sooooooo difficult saying goodbye to someone dear to u - 5 yrs later &amp; i'm still tryin to deal with it 
@mshurtmeplz If I were a better person, I'd be more patient instead of a selfish git.    But anyway.
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
if i cried like this everytime someone was rude to me, i think i'd die of dehidration in record time. 
http://twitpic.com/7kcpy - Does anyone know why this shows up on my ipod sometimes?  it makes me nervous
@donniewahlberg that was nt a good memory for me  I cried so much promise me no jumping on the big x's no matter what anyone tells u ;)
how can you help someone without putting yourself on a path of self-destruction as well? 
@AmberCharlotte ambeeerrrr...someone has stolen my gerard background :O...where's it gone 
@1indienation shame we cant watch it too   - live video FAIL!!  someone had better be recording it! #140conf #rayv #fail #antisocialmedia
@schuppette Doesnt anyone have any sympathy? I lost someone very close to me today. 
#haveyouever wish you could get into someone's head to change it &amp; make this person better? 
@ThatGreenGent  i'm sorry...blame my mother and the foot person...
haha someone give me a hug, please. this headache is killing me.  #haveyouever felt like you have been through hell and back?
I wish I could have someone to share opinions about them. I have only two persons, but it's not enough 
@burnsclean aww... someone's got a case of the gays 
Arghh!!! A person in my forensic science group used my moleskine that @andreatunes sent me, and he never gave it back! He said he would! 
wants tickets for lady gaga and someone to see miley live with me 
i think i'm dying of boredom... someone please give me something to do. 
IngaBambina: brad wins horse tourney - i did lousy should have given up on that flush i flopped in omaha - someone rivered a boat 
@mikoolsux boo i shoulda went. i didnt have anyone to roll with. actually, stace flaked on me!  
tell me why the person you think you know turns out to be your enemy 
I feel awful  (physically awful... someone get me tea!)
@ the little ladies or pekny? im w someone in the hospital right now 
feels like he can't depend on anyone, except for mum  http://plurk.com/p/11h834
Taking a break from my phone because i'm like really pissed for some reason. It's like if i talk to anyone im going to yell. complicated. 
Aww, I was at the wrong door  but, she didn't stop for anybody, so I feel better...
Going to bed... not that anyone cares 
someone call the plumber for me. my nose pipe is leaking damn badly. 
@downesy i was really looking forward to chatting in person too. crap 
#haveyouever seen a vagina in person... 
I am going out for sushi!!! and somebody should @ me because I'm lonely 
@Sydneylynnn ah will you really! i've been looking for someone to go with me. none of my friends like her 
wishes someone... anyone... was around to help with all this wedding stuff. 
LOL scooting in style. my foot feels like someone is shoving a knife right thru the middle of it.  http://tinyurl.com/ndyl2e
there was this positive ass person on my twitter but I had to remove him cause i couldn't see anyone else tweets 
@gastronomer don't know anyone free fridays, unfortunately 
when did i become such a dependent person? 
i really want this one person to call me. because i miss him. 
why is seeing someone but being so far apart so harrrrrd?   skype... you area gift and a curse. grrrrrrr.
why is seeing someone, but being so far apart so harrrrd?  skype...  you are a gift and a curse.  
Apparently only one person cares what movie I watch. 
@ensredshirt I can understand haven't asked anyone to be rejected but when i did it didn't feel good 
Sucks When your suppose to meet someone and they never show up 
im coming out of the closet... someone stufed me in there... 
anyone want to loan me like 200 bucks?  
@ninja_says do it! I had one but forgot to renew it in dec and someone else bought it 
it's always sad to have to see someone leave.. bye cris! 
I dont like when the door is open...it's scary...someone come protect me 
crap. someone stole my last pack of superthin.  now i'm hungryyyyy.
well that person.. 
I want to see this person so bad 
So disappointed.  You are like almost a different person to me now.  What happened? 
@mestrada i wanted to go but i didnt have anyone to go with  hehe
@stephenfry I had someone send me a rude tweet yesterday. People are only trying to help. No need for rudeness. 
@charmmydoll seriously.  ai likes to pull at our heartstrings really hard! &amp; you're not a bad person at all so please don't feel like that
went 2 e docs this morn...said i have sever laryngitus  so sum dirty person coughed/sneezed on me with e bacteria...eeew
awww someone cheer me up   its raining and i'm miserable 
bodys sore.. keepin me from sleeeping.. someone gimme a massage 
How can ONE person be SO annoying? It seems impossible, yet true 
omg! i accidentally blocked someone from following me!!! im so sorry, stupid hands. i lost the person 
is at work...it's dead...I feel dead...someone please entertain me 
@saamanthajaane  i need to ask someone whos gotten the call what the number was, like if it did say private or started with 02. hmmmm
I stumbled in like a drunk tho LOL and only one person saw 
dear gawd - 5 'horny kitties' already in the last hour! anyone else still getting them? 
Laying in bed, contemplating if I should play ffxi to keep myself from missing a certain someone 
@faggoty if you do that (i did), make sure you unfollow the tweeps you're trying to protect so you don't lead anyone to them.  #tehran
@davidnikel someone I like a great deal. They work in ldn tho 
R @DamianEdwards yeah the person who tweeted that to me told me that after I sent it  I was excited to install it too!!
It's raining again   still waiting for LVATT!!! it wasn't in the post again today.  I'm starting to think someone's stealing our parcels.
@LDFerguson I know very little support for anyone self-employed 
is extraordinarily bored with nothing to do.....  someone cheer kayla up =D
is rly mad now  f'in updates gonna kill someone!
listen to me please. anyone? 
@vampyremelayah no wicca, i dont care what anyone says about it i dont like nor trust it 
@missbrandii hey. someone stole my ipod at work 
#haveyouever stared off/daydreamed then realized someone was staring back checking you out...oops sent the wrong signal 
is actually the skintest person on the planet 
Hearing about all these people going to ascot  I'm not going this year.. unless anyone wants to give me an invite for a corporate tent :o)
If anyone else is mailing me a bead for my labour necklace, just make sure it's taped in there good- the last one sent never made it!  #fb
i can't reply to anyone unless I go to their page 
@scrivna Unfortunately there's already someone doing that like.. down the road, and my mum can't drive  Any other ideas?
http://twitpic.com/7mce6 - Looks like someone found my coffee stash while I was on vacation. 
jason my bike was just stolen  if anyone sees it, phone me!
@benji_84 yah I def miss them..now one of them is just on someone else's trak... 
someone ANYONE must have an essay on photoshop I can steal and plagiarize to fuck? i've given up caring i just want to be done 
i'm going to apologize for my last tweet, it was mildy harsh, but i'm very angry with someone i really trusted. they let me down. 
need someone to coach me. probably over the weekend. and my new laptop dont have outlook express 
gahh, too much homework  anyone want to write a script for me?
is geeking out over Japanese sentence structure. I need someone who can relate. 
@olahogan I heard taken was sooo good I'm like the only person who hasn't seen it 
@asexiness I'm sorry!!! I missed it too  I'm a bad person
i'm so sick! someone come take care of me! 
@chantellmarie Flirted with someone (I am a naturally flirty person) whom I wasnt interested in and, well, she was... I know, its cruel 
@chantellmarie I know.   Its my nature though, I (like to think) am a nice person, but around the fairer sex it comes out flirtatious!
Does anyone have a hookup with the dept of state? ... I need my expedited passport like yesterday 
I am an impossible person. 
@eve76 but even with lasering she'll be so scarred  how anyone could do that is beyond me. and so young, she is only 18!
I just realized that i'm not that important. to anyone. i feel quite unloved 
the killers are coming here in september .. i need someone to go with me 
@LanieW im all excited now haha was wodnering if there was anyone on here worried bout me...guess not  lol
i want someone to watch donnie darko with me and have a little drink. sleeeepovers like i used to   i miss being , like, 15
@emmychka i'm listening to it on repeat. i wish you could sing it for me in person  you still need to record run for me too ;)
So not feeling being here right now. I kinda feel dehydrated and all I wanna do is sleep  someone text me please!
i'm so bored. someone wants to talk to me ?  i'm hungry, sleepy,i need vacation, my internet sucks, my cellphone too. what a good life.man
@jennacole I'm a real person...but I don't update to often 
@hatticusrex i'm going to be alone there, I literally don't know anyone going 
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
Breaking up is hard to do, because you usually like the person.  i'm really BUMMED. Things'll only get better.
@peterfacinelli awww..whats going on. its not fair someone's hacking the system! come one people..play fair. 
I'm wondering if anyone is ever going to follow me..... 
@DivasMistress ssoorrryyy I replied to the wrong person 
can someone help with photoshop (?) I edit horrible 
why would you share the existence of this person 
@rainingcandles you're more of an angry little person than me!   feel better.
@suckvitta ir sucks when somebody is not online&amp; you really wanna talk to thet person 
@Jonasbrothers please reply to me  i never get a reply from anyone who is actually important ....
@aplusk remember that telling someone your dreams mean they won't come true... 
someone please do an intervention for me for dying my hair 
Awww someone just fell  and some lie is secretly smelling his armpits !
@courtneymevans Awww I'm sorry.  I didn't think anyone watched it besides me. Lol. :/
@RingLeader898, haha did you just do a boink and bounce on some poor person? 
cant find anyone to go to the fray with me 
I feel liiiiike crap!! I hope it's just allergies! I need someone to tAke care of me 
no idea why my heart hurts. but someone just told me that i make their day when i laugh. so why do i feel lost? 
can someone please tell me the best cures for a sprained ankle?    i've wrapped it and elevated it.  what next?  PLEASE.
@dreamingstar213 I don't mind the funerals. I hate having to see the person at the wake  And everyone was crying @ the wake I was at.
sad that i found a mix cd i made for someone but passed away before i could give it to her 
@JustinMHancock ahhh!!!!!! let me know what you get when you get i!     puppyyy! im the only person who wont have a dog 
...needs more friends to tweet with.  anyone? anyone?
loves tyler ratliff. I never realized you could miss a person this much 
feels really sick  someone make me better i cant be sick this weekend 
@Floridagrl16 ah where did you find it? i want to read that so bad. and the runaways, but i havent seen anybody that has it 
@nickjonas I'm sorry that does suck. I wish I was that person  I love u nick
@holaitsmeredith has anyone ever told you that you are GORGEOUS i miss you so much 
@SatoriSky me either  maybe someone you know needs room mates
There's always that one person that will always have your heart, you'll never see it comin cuz your blinded from the start 
too .. much .. fun .. lmfao .. now i need someone to talk to ... 
someone hang out with me at my cabin, im lonely! 
@IVYTHERESE why are you taking ate away from me so quick?  you are just a mean person! Haha
@mcmaddison noo its not! i feel bad now as well  someone just sent me a very very mean truth box comment 
i think i might hit the hay pretty soon because barely anyone is talking to me. 
@JustinMGaston and the person was gone. She was all alone coming home from her fathers funeral  maybe you'll find an angel
@WilhelmK You promised not to tell anyone about that 
@bo_s someone you don't know. but this person is an indonesian..  pathetic.
imissyou&amp;ineedyou :/ i know i shouldnt, but youre the only person to hold the black key to my heart  it all makes sence now.
 I heard thunder... &amp; I think someone's upset at me because I'm a str8 up blunt person... I need some advice on how not to be so blunt ha!
realized how sad my last posting was... Does anyone want to be my friend??  LOL
is wanting someone to teach her chinese!! mandarin or cantonese i'm not bothered. but tutors are just so darn rare these days 
i like to believe i can kinda sing, but when someone actually hears and shoots me a bitch face, i stop believing.  mean lady at kroger...
I wish someone would end this misery for me...for better or for worse. 
The best way is to spoon with the person you love. Unfortunatly for me that person is my cat 
Ugh....someone keeps stopping the clock 
the tempurpedic is a fail, when they say you can't move the other person its because you yourself dont go anymore. it hurts my back too 
someone please shout at the O2 people for me? i really want a new phone 
feels like someone has ripped out my heart and stood on it.  not sure if ive ever felt this gutted...
i'm feeling down coz i can't be there for him right now when he needs someone to take care of him 
hungry, someone fetch me a maccies? 
trying to have a group convo on msn...but the third person aint tlking so its poitnless 
uhh someone was starved really bad on information about what I think about ...     show show.
nooo! im i'll  and with sherwood round the corner,..if anyone gets ill im sorry haha
@MoocherGirl One of my friends, whom is a billionaire heiress is a BAD influence on me, but I am the bad influence on everyone else 
Oh, cock. I just accidentally stood someone up for lunch 
@m0po but i dont know anyone 
Drinking my Pills. I feel like an old person! 
I have a great patience but f***ing hate waiting for someone to show up.... 
I wonder if anyone will @reply me - I doubt it 
@zellyb started this morn...I have to train someone else this aft at 3 so can't leave  I'm off 2mrw though, perfect timing!
is @mrtrev still tending the emergency? anyone heard from him? 
@kittodaijoubu aw  that person is obviously a foolish fool.
@SarahAnnGreen he managed to buy mine off someone else who cant go. i've been told no banners as we'll be sat with all his wrk mates 
@NatalieSim no he didnt take pics with anyone  he is soo nice though!
Does anyone know if http://blogger.com is down? It won't let me post  #fail http://myloc.me/4i8c
imma missing someone.  me is sad now
I wish someone had a secret crush on me. 
@CoraEaton eep! I think I might reference that site anytime I go to eat from now on 
@SusanScot no, i have 271 of them  dunno y peeps keep sending me them,theres only 1 person i want a direct message from &amp;she aint playing
@aaronfuller I didn't write it luv so someone on my team has.  xxxx
@VICPO I don;t mean to ignore anyone, sometimes I get lots of tweets 
@jenrobinson I have been so busy I haven't had a chance to tell anyone yet, but I won't make it to #e2conf after all 
@adhanti aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa i miss someone juga 
someone please go take this sociology test for me today! 
@BryanArmada if i was in houston i'd be down, but i am not even close   hope you find someone!
is hungry  anyone up for some foooood 
@jonnyram you're a son of a bitch, i knew someone would say that 
looking for someone to hango ut with 
@mattb_mt I feel sorry for anyone that has to use exchange. 
somebody hid my diet pepsi from me 
I wonder if anybody can drive me to my ortho. 
phonez dying and every person @ chinese gate has an electronic and needs to outlet. 
what wud u do if someone invites u 2 home (&amp; i go), and then repeatedly toots for another person in a race that u r nominated as well? 
I think I lost a follower  Hopefully it was a bot and not a real person.
@ferlynn89 i've gotten someone to replace me! too tired  And my left eyelid abit swollen but recovering!  tgio tml toooooooooooooo!
@alfab he's a fucking slob I don't know how anyone lives like that, I feel so sorry for you amy 
@leahbryson I totally didn't see or hear anyone 
Feels bad for blowing up at someone yesterday...  
byeee mommy .. see u soon but just in the webcam (of the messenger) is NOT in person  
somebody buy me a paul's boutique bag PLEASE!! 
@ToniKaras aw, man, what's happening?  someone threatening you? damn those stupid internet trolls!
ahhh, much better. i need something to do though, and nobody's online on msn  someone talk to me?
Awwwe this guy found someones dog in his pool dead, he's walking around trying to find the owner 
I want to show someone my hand-lettering/graphics but not one of my graphic design friends who will judge me on my lack of ability 
I cannot find anyone.... 
I want some #wayfarer glasses someone sell me them  or some fake ones, YAY 
If one more person ask me what happened to my ass I'm going to cry. I miss it too 
i jus think god it wasnt my laptop but they did still my camera  i cried ...look at it this way someone needed it more then me
@redpied the person who I'm going with has seen it! 
finds it strange, how marc is moving away in two weeks, and is the only person who knows how to cheer me up! 
@yelyahwilliams i loveeee call of duty..i suck at it, but i love it. i hate how im replying to someone that won't see it  i need friends.
Please, let me run into someone who will save me from this embarassment. 
On break and enjoying a delicious apple while i ponder over my loneliness  someone call me
Debating whether or not to cut my hair...someone give me $20 so I can go to energy tonite 
@DarkJesus I needed a headset for around the house and driving...someone throw something at me if I'm caught in public wearing one 
@carloschavezz I knowww ahhhh but I don't have anyone to go with 
does anyone want to start a paypal donation trending topic to save #greektownmusic ?  ugh.
@iAmcertiPHIed lol, my fault! I had someone constantly kicking the back of my chair! Could be the reason i missed it!  lol
idk what to do with my life anymore its so messed up and confussing  can someone help me oh and on the phone with my biff
my twitterific has stopped loading new tweets ... does anyone know how to solve this problem? 
At ruby tuesdays alone...all alone  someone join me.
@lisa87_ to be honest right now i would pay someone for letting me work for them the days are soo boring its killing me! 
I am a horrible person, I am not? 
@darasdreams What are you talking about? I'm not flirting with anyone. 
@adammshankman I don't want anyone to go home tonight...I'm so sad. 
Wonders if there's another guy like seba out there  I wanna date someone like him booo
Could someone please explain how in the hell someone can have three different cases of poison ivy in four weeks time?!?! 
@crissangel hey??you never answer to anyone you? 
Does anyone out there from Hogwarts know the spell for refilling a bag of Minties? 'Mentha Repleo' isn't working 
I want niley sooo badly  probably more than anyone! :/
i cant find anyone to go to the movies with....  they all have lives to attend....=\
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
@moony394 Lol you don't like anyone else now? 
the person that i love more than anything brokeup with me  my heart is so broken!
@lukepritch too bad that you can't reply anyone 
how does anyone remember all the exceptions in contract law? 
@mrsrorob yes that can bring someone down 
@sherisaid I'm so sorry, sweetie.  It's so hard to lose someone you love~especially to such a terrible disease.
 i feel just like my car inside banged up and sad   maybe its meant for  me to get a new can i borrow some cash ..anyone? anyone?
Doesn't it suck to realize that you are married to the wrong person ... too late to get out now  
@AlisaKiss They're idiots to say that they hate you directly to your face. I could never do that to a person. 
I'm a horrible person.  i dont even mean to bee. 
@Togishi not fan of motion scroll, i would like numbers though, but i can't afford it, meaning hire someone 
@fidelsunshine yeahhh I was in an accident  thanks for helping out someone in distress. Bitch.
@AsianPop I have the same question hahahahaha I hope I don't offend anyone but these Korean pop groups look all the same to me 
ever heard that saying, &quot;if you cant get someone out of your head, maybe theyre supposed to be there&quot;?  i dont like that saying!  
@crissangel I would love to come and see you in person! I live on the east coast! 
@CarolanneKayy i know  but just bc he was a jerk doesnt mean that the next person will be! like the cute boy i met at nmu (: mmmm haha
why doesnt anyone ever miss me 
I will never find anyone to love me until I can love myself, and I will never love myself as long as I look like this. 
Just realized I lost the most detailed dream log I ever wrote when I restored my iphone.  it was worth sharing, one person got to read it
my brain hurts so bad from all the math..someone save me 
trying to convince chris parker to go to the formal with me. he said he has his eye on someone else. i'm heart broken 
why am i unable to reply to anyone?? The reply icon doesnt appear 
someone forgot to remove the pin bones from this salmon. 
bussiness manager at our company joel is a very organised person. I need to learn some skills off him. i am terribly disorganized 
Anyone having problem signing into yahoo messenger/pidgin??? 
I am really sick of guys in my life lying to me! Aghh lie to someone else already! What's so bad about me? 
What do u do when ur having second thoughts about a person 
never knew how lucky i wass or how much i needed you until i lost you  such stupid mistakes why do i always listen to the wrong person
The overall effect is that I look like a japanese man crying cos he's lost his blind-person pokey-stick 
@sdwndr lol, someone needs to!!! he was so ugly to the point where it hurt me.  and he looked like a douche in his user pic.
@SarahBethLoves  I just dont understand why it's so hard for my mom to accept that I'm not the same person I was 4 yrs ago.
can anyone give a message? 
@JackAllTimeLow i give up on trying to get you to go on my stickam  anyone else? stickam.com/rawwrritskayla
I wish someone could show me how to broadcast music online 
I hereby declare myself as MOST UNprofessional person alive 
Feeling depressed at the moment. I'm missing someone i should be forgetting.   talk please.
I cant sleep again. I wish someone was awake 2 keep me company 
itss soo quiet.. @gauneyKAY is sleeping  someone entertain me please?
does anyone know if you can buy a charger for a jobo giga one?  just cnat find it at all 
i really feel like watching harry potter 1 and 2 but i don't have the dvds  someone drive me to video ezy!
@phantomzangel but the person who you look up to has put us down.  i still like aaron though
i dont know if anyone can see this but Hels is very sad  and I dont know how to get myself out of this.
@buckyreynolds  bucky ugh i hate this mess.. i never chose anyone over him
Aww someone's giving away kittens in the shopping centre, i want one but my mommy won't let me 
so someone is suka-ing in the bathroom...but im really just sad its probably the last time someone will suka in this bathroom. 
my facebook aint working  anybody else having trouble signing in?
Someone tell me how to become a perfect woman... I've just burned myself with a frying pan 
@tssexychanel oooh looks like someone made you mad 
tweet. someone @reply me? 
am i just irresponsible or did someone steal my wallet? 
is unsure on what to do and just hopes someone is well and donts hurt them self 
@harajukusubway I don't think so b'cause I don't know anyone and I'm shy. 
i dont think anyone will ever understand. 
Really hope this isn't true - I don't want for him to turn out to be a bad person  http://tinyurl.com/n9mbjm (via @laurien13)
yo all anybody miss me? anybody notice I hadn't even been around ? lol 
just saying good bye to someone who is very important...  ....have a good fly my dear...
I swear I was drugged. I think someone slipped something in my drink. I wasnt drunk but last night is blurry, my head is throbbing 
@mistermeester I read about that too! That's aweful! It that's true whoever is responsible for that is a D***!!! 
hayy. how do you say this... uhmm i am now doubting... so .. :&quot;loving someone who used to love you&quot; .... hay 
ffe wont log anyone in 
awwww bummerrrr, i was going to T4 on the beachh but my friends friend sold their ticket to someone else 
aww, that person got suspended so i can't watch anymore p&amp;d episodes 
The sadness of someone passing is magnified ten fold when it is a child 
DRAT! someone found my secret 30s Nightgown set  its in a bidding war with 2 people. I really wanted to get a myself a birthday nightgown.
I hate lighting storms  somebody read me a bedtime story
is anybody here an animal collective fan? because i still don't get it.  also, @yippyfish and i are looking to beer tower. anyone in?
@dominicdiesel How can you laugh at another person's misery  I lost my pics as well, guuuuuuuutted!
@mswofford I'm talking to that person u don't like &amp; she's going to italy &amp; greece too 
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
@lumikey lol Just joined...thought I was a decently quick witted person with some good one-liners...but I think I overestimated myself. 
@kpereira you'll get arrested then your battery will die so you cannot call anyone 
@zmonster27 I tried to get @urban_fervor to have a matched pair, but someone already had it. 
Does anyone know where I can buy @mariahcarey 's new single? It's not on itunes 
@magkap And I would get to see you in person. 
 is it possible to get withdrawal symptoms from a person?
@SoSpoiledDatsMe.. You know what I don't even know.. A person will tell you that they do something, but it doesn't mean they do it! 
I don't want to work on this any more, I want to do other parts of my site. But someone is not online (again!) so I can't 
@DonnieWahlberg 200 guests?? Are you sure you didn't forgot someone?! I didn't get an invitation 
can i smoke with someone, plz 
Would it be bad to go out with someone just to get a free meal out of it???  I'm so bored 
@kathyness i went to look it up and it said it wasn't a person 
@FWEE4U unforunately they aren't   they just hired a 3rd person who is an absolute bitch, thinks she knows everything (knows nothing)
feels like shit and misses someone 
someone just called me a minks isnt that a weasel??  sad
@AndyGoulding I know! But I didnt find anyone 
@KizDaBoss I dont know if I can, the list is crazy strict. They not letting anyone in who didnt get a personal invite from him 
someone has stoled my ipod, i'm so sad about this 
@TheBlisschick I don't know the rabbit story but I can tell you are a kind and caring person. I'm so sorry about the tiny guy 
@ChaDiggs aww chaddy! you're like the most positive person i know! i hate seeing you like this  dont make me sad
Stomach pains  someone get the pepto...
Is with the bitchiest person eveer!  @claudettedf
ehmagwad, i am soo bored.  somebody txt me.
and heart broken missing someone im a little complicated 
someone buy my damn ticket  you know you wanna go. ;)
@applegurl77 Seriously, has the doctors or anyone told you what's going on? it just doesn't sound good 
@lys47 i disagree. Mayb a little too hard but he needs to think about what he did. I think someone does get shot. 
rawwrrr i want toms. someone be a doll and get me some 
@JadeyBizarre hahah i know! yay someone to talk about it with! i loved it! the twins was sooo cute! +when i thought one died i was like 
Going to drop sky off by B's for the wknd.  I never realize how much I love my dog til I have to leave her w someone else.
@iamvictorious I can, but I haven't been doing Readings for anyone other than myself right now.  I've had too much going on.  
@Taeshi I actually do have a baby sketch book on my person when I go out and stuff, but with my scanner gone I can't upload and fiddle. 
is so scared to become involved with someone !! not keen on the fighting and the hurting  ... 2nd fear is snakes
#dontyouhate it when u lose the closest person to you??? 
sad bc the person who asked me to twitter hurt my feeling really bad 
i love having a dream about someone adhd now I can't stop thinking of him. &lt;3 
@mika_tan katie said someone would call wed but nobody called me 
loves how depressed you can get when you lose contact with someone 
@ my uncle's open mic night working the door. I wanna be with that special someone 
@baptistthepig my little coin purse that said this economy sucks is lost! someone pickpocketed me in hollister  i had so much in there ...
@heykim  always tryin ta sue someone!
i feel like ive made some mistakes and given someone a bad, wrong impression and now im scared of wat that person thinks of me 
someone pleaseeee take me to the hint's afterparty! 
I wanted to see the police arrest someone outside the dorm, but the others wanted to go so I missed the action 
about to go bowling with mike and kat... someone save me!!! 
I need to go out, I need someone's house so I can do my excel&amp;ppt, I need to eat 
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
Is it wrong I still do not want her to go visit him?  I feel like such a horrible, jealous person when it comes to him... 
And my mom just scratched it.... anyone know how to get rid of it? It's on the screen! 
Does anyone know how F4 is?! *sigh* I miss them 
Does anyone know who F4 are?! I miss them 
@JBruinBelle If I was making pozole, no problem, but someone else is making it and I'm going there! We don't know how to make it 
there was this hot guy there but i didnt get his number cause my teacher was keeping me busy 
sad and misses someone, wish I never made that comment. 
Is bored.  someone text me!
@peterfacinelli anyone care to sum up the video for me i won't be able to see it until sunday 
who is this person NikiL it so many of them with different numbers they keep followin me 
I hate being an insomniac! I'd be okay w/ someone cracking a bottle over my head if it meant I'd get to sleep for a while. 
@crusaderz4life I did not enjoy anyone thinking they are stupid!  anyhow, take care, I'm off for awhile xoxoxoxo
I need someone to find out my act score online 
@InKatlinsPahnts nope. never hear from anyone cept @lostlovely @_Tits @baxterburgundy @mallycakes @lisad and my fam..  lucky anyone write
@teamellyn and I work in a bookshop  I hear it every time I'm here, want to shoot someone hahahahah
@treocast I've been running it like that since the beginning. But now someone's holding out on us, and knowing the emails just remind me. 
@dhewlett Yes, ain't it disappoiting - someone really must have been stoned when writing the script. 
@forfourmonths_ UNO stacko haha. I have that.. but then someone stole it when I was in gradeschool. 
My late late night deep thought:  I don't think anyone realizes how much I miss smokin' dope. 
Ugh. It feels like someone ran a very large truck into my stomach. fml. 
@maggiephilbin utterly ridiculous, it still. Works for the greater % of words. How long before someone pushes for phonetic English 
Wow its 3 in the morning and i still want to text someone! Too bad everyones asleep 
freaked out a bit: either my new roommate just snuck in at 4:00 am (unlikely), or someone just tried to break into my condo. ohboy. 
I thought nighttime medicine is suppose to make you fall asleep...I feel miserable  someone sing me a lullabye.
anybody ask me out please ? 
anyone know why the visual editor no longer works in #wordpress 2.8 ? 
i tried to give away my old clothes to a homeless person on the street. i couldnt find any  where did they go?
Does anyone have a what.cd invite? 
Apparently, I'm not in anybody circle of trust. I always end up being the last one to know... 
Cnt believe I'm gettin made to clean someone elses room 
@JosetteDarling heyyy Why don't you wana talk to anyone  comon ...
@siddharth_ind someone helped me register for the buzz.. but i guess i m not attending the event  
craving some pancakes right now. someone come with me to the diner 
can someone subscrib to me on youtube! 
Everyone should have someone to snuggle with when it rains this much, mine is a million miles away 
I'm building my own website but i was not good enough to make this pretty  so i think i need someone expert on this.. and that's my momma!
bored bored bored  someone entertain me pleaseee 
@brinathemodel @modelkelly @modelNET_shante does anyone have a band-aid? i have a booboo 
Not even a single person on msn... 
Apparently the person above me is moving out. Apparently I'm not sleeping any more 
@elshbesh I dont like it at all. its confusing and makes everything almost impossible for anyone who cant be at the box office 
  anyone have any advice on how to cope with a break up?
does anyone know why my blips are not going to twitter? 
i'm having doubts about everything  i just need someone who understands. Is that too much to ask for?
missed destiny on friday!  anyone know if it was good!? much love x
how do i update my status on uber twiiter does anyone know? 
Officially I believe I am perhaps the bordest person on the planet!!  lol
@myownwoman407 who cares what anyone says about it. don't change it 
blah i hate twitterjail someone save me 
feeling really sad... not like anyone cares 
shares http://tinyurl.com/dhxl3g anyone?  http://plurk.com/p/12i3qm
@IfYouSeekMLE your like the only person that talks to me on this 
How do you tell somebody their mum has sadly died? 
please someone come over.... i feel so unloved at the moment 
no one will let me play jarts  i guess im not someone to trust with sharp objects...
off to stonybrook to babysit..somebody text me for this 50 mins drivee 
Ugghh feel like poop  someone come take care of meee- I think I have swine flu
I might have to go to my sisters recital anyone want to go with me 
@morgansp12 ahh yeah  I feel bad about that person!!. maybe we are in the same situation.
@lethargy_  u should see if anyone has a piece of string XD tie it back up 
So I have no idea why I'm such a loser  can someone tell me why?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
It sucks to know that wherever I go, that there's  a 98% chance that I'm the fattest person there! 
Ugh this is horrible...anyone want to hang out 
@ELLEohhELLExxx you have amazing seats and someone just said that miley is there? wtf? sghsijrgk 
reaaaally want to be out      bevo was the only person to text me back though...  loverly bevel.   :]
@smussyolay @leahjones  i believe it's $5, but someone else told me $10, so I don't want to guarantee, the documentation is sparse 
HOLY SHIT. The person who was an accomplice... was teaching me once. 
Watching tv. Waiting on a certian someone to text me 
 may just said i'm the more boring person ever.
i love how not a single person on here talks to mee.  
dont you hate it when someone asks for your number and then never calls you? me too.  
So I'm a dork and couldn't find anyone to go see angels and demons with me SO I went by myself 
@AnimeNut lol i wouldnt want you to either. i don't want anyone else to feel like this 
im bored. someone talk to me.............no one ever replies back anyways 
goin to sleep  pretty happy though, jayde has made me a very happy person 
at the library im person 41 on the waiting list for The time traveler's wife  that movie looks good
I wish someone would play cribbage w/ me.  I need to befriend some 60yo retirees.
@fringe_xo  i click on the wrong person didnt i 
@brookelynn7887 Last I looked I didnt see anyone online  I've been bored out of my mind for hours...
@number1_CDS cudnt find anyone who was going  x
@soledaddl YES! her too! someone just please stop this 
6 followers i want more  is this going to be impossible to get more than someone in the public eye?
fireworks in about 45ish... so wish i had someone to share em with 
@amyleegonzalez i miss u   u were my favorite teacher.. and u always encouraged me... u were the most important person (:
anyone has balls enough????@AngelRoxEm I guess not 
@SandiMon I didn't do anything. Only one person called me besides @CocoaNCream. 
guess i better go do a walk round,gurrantee soon as i get to top floor,someone will ring to get in 
@jelenasays true true, okay, i had to miss out on the last family event too  i asked someone if theyd swap shifts with me (:
Home alone.  someone keep me company!
@danadearmond I think someone stole my invitation 
@OperaDiva114 I've always wanted to see a firefly in person... never have... probably never will.  Stupid west coast.
got right to the top floor and guess what,someone needed letting in.fucking knew it lol,right back to tiding up 
I'm in love with someone I don't matter to. I think that officially makes me a complete idiot!? 
@lyzadanger  did you check with the hotel concierge? They probably have someone on call, too.
This is why I hate having family in diff states. When someone is seriously sick, I can't see them 
@manicsocratic Does he high-five anyone? 
@justinbieber anyone you do not respond right? 
@ehafner Gbig, I changed my background but I still like yours better 
@emilytasticz0rz I tried to send birth announcements to everyone but the stupid post office lost them or someone stole them. I was sad. 
hates having a dead phone  needs someone who wont quit me.
Ouch- just tried to follow someone and it says they had blocked me by request of user. And I don't even sell anything. I'm upset. 
@actuala congratulations....that person that you're imagining is me.... 
@lollapaulooza lol.  someone sent me instructions.  But then I lost them.   send again? &lt;3
Aw, my tattoo is buring like a motherfucker ugh and i miss someone already 
falling to the wrong person 
Is it okay to be totally together and know it, but still be a little sad because there isn't anyone around--besides yourself--to see it? 
i feel sad for some reason.. i can't put my finger on it, but i'm sad and i want someone to talk to 
poor demi  she hasn't done anything wrong now everyone is hating on her. honestly who cares who she dates, she still the most amazing girl
Going out to meet up with someone  this probably wont end well
blargh... i feel... like i cant make conversations with anyone  stupid bean
someone stole my twilight series 
is still up and doesnt have anyone to talk to 
@backstreetboys 20$ to use the site?! man living in nyc we cant afford anything! 
I kinda hate that someone didn't show up for her shift, so they told me to work in her section  but glad-cause i made 251! still sick tho!
All this wedding did was make me realize I'm lonely and just want someone to dance with 
i feel depressed for some odd reason....  someone make me feel better
Just a warning #publicsphere if anyone tries to take photos of me tonight, I will not be held accountable for my actions, feeling tender 
@jmarianu if my office is locked, then someone is in trouble cuz I don't have a key and apparently no one does 
tool in Ubunutu for creating effects with windows etc....anyone tell me the name of it...can't remember 
I wish someone (celebrity wise) woud follow me 
At one point I had someone's glasses and later some guy's hat...but now u have nothing.  awwww
Is DaWanda down for anyone else? I had a listing spree planned 
wishes she was back in al ain. like right now! because she misses everyone  and why is she talking in second person?
anyone interested in a promo code for 100 $ free credits for gogrid cloud hosting. Doesnt seems to work when u r signed in allready 
....but unfortunately now you doubt to see that person again.. 
as a newcomer to twiiter i think its really interesting but you can't exactly talk to anyone 
can someone get @kateyy__ to dalby please  i havent seen her since july last year.. and everytime we try go to a gig together it fucks up
there's a certain someone not online 
is missing someone she should NOT be missing...  http://plurk.com/p/12od8q
honestly, i need a special someone atm. feel so lonely.. i so cannot be left alone  sigh..
someone fix my laptop  it just beeped at me.
hope someone will bring me a portable hdd soon 
Does that make anyone else sad? 
I'm ALWAYS about to forget to take my medicine after dinner.... yep I'm a careless person 
anyone else know how fucking long 22 days are?! i do.  i hate waiting. legit.
feeling like shit.  someone needs to bring me a hot breakfast!
Whyyy does someone ALWAYS have to ruin the perfect plan? THis really sucks! I am mad 
@_amberlovely eeee, was so so gooood &lt;3! i really want to go fridayyyy but got nobody to go with as of yet  fingers crossed i find someone
@YogaforCynics oye...too late.    really bad, but then i can usually let comics slide -- someone has to push buttons, explore edges.
someone ask how does your life taste mooonn cos mine is sour and sweet? it taste bitter  #fb
@PeterJRussell that's a pretty bad outlook for someone from the Netherlands like myself as well 
I hope i don't see anyone from school at costco. I look like crap 
I lost my rainbow bracelet in my room somewhere  someone help me find it!
It's sucks to try to go visit someone who dies before you get there 
You know I don't blog as a special message to anyone, I post for me. 
Could anyone write this stupid letter for me? 
@JayBeeStarsky  i think this would all be much easier if someone would just GIVE me a car, but oprah hasn't returned any of my calls 
@McFlyingGirl Aww...i sorry I dont wish that on anyone   its so embarrassing....n i have a pair of vans that i wear i always trip in them
I cant find anyone that i know! 
@dresdencodak I'd say you'd sold out, but I don't think anyone is buying anymore. 
why doesnt anyone talk to me anymore?   
..feelings for a person that had already been dishonest. what was i thinking when i thought he'd be a good person that wouldn't lie again 
whenever someone tells me they are sick, i always get sympathy pain where they are sick 
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
@BTBTB_25 I take that line but I get off early on mondays for my allergy shot. One person is dead. 
hate it when someone stands in line for nothing thats just stupid                 )
you ever want to delete someone off facebook but knew that they would request you again and ask you why you deleted them? &lt;- me right now 
- Someone please tell me what these children get out of this? I mean, besides the obvious... {broken home} 
@kimbahley i definitely dont know anyone 
I feel like I'm sufficating and when I look in the mirrow somedays I don't know the person looking back at me 
I hate waiting  I'm usually a pretty patient person and it doesn't usually bother me but its starting to become a pattern...gahh!
@jtimberlake i'm alittle jealous i twittered about shoes like 6hrs ago &amp;someone else got an answer  lol i'm not going to cry!
just woke up and feels like sleeping more!  at this point wnats to pay someone to write this stinking essay
When someone's pissed off at me, I would definetly rather them confront me than tell others why they're mad at me 
@kstewartfan Do you want/need 'The Messengers' screencaps?  I think I may have capped it for someone and they never used 
@gwynduffy I work in a blood bank, shipping 1 unit out of state isn't cost effective for anyone  they shld have plenty of ways 2 get some
@nitramzero i agree but this person is very self-conscious about his finances and so i think a gift might upset him 
i dont tlk to anyone for like a week and yet noone calls or anything  oh well where's my watermelon
I want to go paint pottery  someone take me.
So if anyone wants a dog, go to the halifax humane society and adopt her cause she was a total sweetheart. 
so sad about jon and kate!!! i feel like someone from my own family got divorced 
is watching movies, being lazy wishin' i had someone to cuddle with 
I know it's been a year but can someone just tell me where my ipod is?  I'm still not over losing it! 
watchin' angels and demons. [missing someone.  ]
need to find someone who can print my h.w!.. we ran out of ink!.. waa 
thoughts are with everyone who knew someone on the red line yesterday 
Is late for her 8am webinar bc someone took out a pole on euclid. 
Why is it raining outside, does someone really hate me, i've only just put the washing out 
Someone's death hits harder when you have any fond memories of that person. 
itching eyes FINALLY subsiding from allergies....better put on sum make up fore i scare someone 
@_pigglet  oink oink! why doesnt anyone wake up this early 
I am so so so so so bored of studying  REALLY... anyone got any other ideas than studying?
@FayePonedYou Haven't found anyone yet 
I can't believe someone tried to call me at four in the morning. That's just dumb and rude. 
i can't motivate myself to work.....somebody needs to threaten me with a red hot poker or bomb, or a sniper rifle or a very sharp stick. 
is exhaustedly trying to fill out applications. someone PLEASE hire me! 
You are the sweetest person ever,how did i ever deserve a bestfriend like you. And just woke up 
@eputis oh no, you are a snuggie person too? What is happening to society 
@timidheathen I wish you were the first person to tell me that 
@maryferris24 lol dude that happens to me all the time! i definitely sleep more than the average person 
watching Two can play that game...love this movie' wish I had someone to watch it w. 
If anybody feels like texting plz text me! 
@sharifedak Because someone took erinbear first! WTF!  I bet it was a vegan too. 
@bhomsey  I tried this morning and the guy on the phone couldn't even give me prices  Do you know someone specific I should ask for?
@deardeariska now I'm officially not your client anymore, sharing is no longer an issue to help, I can't be fixed by anyone 
@clu101  learning for you? or someone else?
i miss my ipod  my mom lost it she is the only person who can take my shit lose it &amp; not replace i can't even say anything about it
Why is it that when u are always there when a person needs u but when it comes 2 u that person puts u last n u got his kids 
@Stevenhathaway dude i woke up to make one and someone ate them all 
@Trapes oh   don't you have anyone that could dog-sit?
@hambers To cut a long story short, I want one badly, but someone keeps tutting. End of. 
U know u miss someone when you say their name and a lump in your throat forms. I hate being emotional. And I hate that I can't hide it. 
having no luck finding a place in manhattan  anyone need a roomie?
i cant believe i am like...the only person not seeing transformers tonight. WTF. someone come get me 
*wishes she could be worth more to someone than just mindless entertainment* 
i dont want big bang theory to end i might cry  i need my sheldon fixx. someone buy me the boxset
me bob stu and david will be at the galaxy if anyone else wants to try and go.... fuck this is so messed up. 
@AlohaJohn bummer...mine was just above average  someone needs to exercise more!
Wondering how anyone could let that much mildew build in their shower.  #squarespace
@x_rose_tyler_x aww, how do you love someone without crawling in the dirt? 
and this is coming from someone who's family still lives on the reservation and see's the looks her family gets  but this is so beyond
someone tell my puppy to leave me alone and get out of my face when i dont feel well 
@dkomo I'll be in good company then! good to know someone around here is, cause apparently no one in my house is 
@falulatonks I watched the first episode and haven't seen it since. I am a bad person 
uh, someone entertain me to take my mind off this sickness. 
maken a list and checking it twice. I hope I don't miss anyone.   
I never even got to meet @calanan in person 
I'm so board. Too bad I don't have anyone to tlk too. 
@Double__J huhhh?? dont kill yourself. then i wouldnt have anyone to crush on anymore..  *hugs*
why is everybody offline in my live messenger  i wanna talk to someone...if anyone from the echelon have plz add me: music47ell@live.com..
@jimthecop I had to say that to smooth over someone's ego. not naming any names. sorry 
Why cant i txt anyone? 
Really hoping I didn't come off as a crazy stalker person. If someone inspires me, I'll tell them. 
@KueenKatrina Haha. our opinions differ on that 1. I dont think it degraded or insulted anyone 
@vinny_vegas I'm terribly sorry people flip out when you or anyone else from the ATLfam joins in. It's annoying 
one of the stewards is discussing someone's 'final destination'! wonder why they never show that movie on planes? hmm 
Needs some retail therapy  I feel like the meanest person on earth 
monsoon makes a person lazy and less efficient 
@jamieerinw I'm a horrible person and still haven't posted your letter 
guys. i forgot my fashionspot info since I haven't been on in years. anyone have invite code? wtf i feel so retarded 
I miss my joshie bum more than anyone can understand 
someone near to my desk has a bad case of bee oh today. It's so bad, it's giving me a headache 
someone threw my sandwich through a tree  http://tinyurl.com/klpuu8
anyone good with business? i need someone to finish my 1.4 for me lolol. help? 
xm... anyone serious? here? 
Now unfollowing all the crap ones...  I hate following anyone who link spams
@WAHMBizbuilder Yes  &amp; stand around in the kitchen while the espresso machine warms up. I considered getting married so I'd have someone..
sometimes i just really hate dating, is it really worth going through all this heartache to try and find someone u match with??????   
Oh lord, I've answered the door to one person already, not the floodgates are open apparently. 
Oh lord, I've answered the door to one person already, now the floodgates are open apparently. 
@cloverdash What crappy news  It's the same up here-I'm amazed anyone is still employed, the amount of huge cuts there's been.
Guess what....I didn't feed the freakin dog this morning....revenge is sweet!!!! But someone else did 
Guess hat. I didn't feed the freakin dog (or the housekeeper) this morning....revenge is sweet! But someone else did 
hopefully this one person i am talking about responds back to me so i dont have to worry about her  goodnite i love her
I woke up so early I don't think anyone is on.   I am completely bored. 
Has a seem about brbibg someone with tears and it worked. I woke up smiling until I realized it wasn't real 
and on the topic of dying animals, has anyone seen heyhey esther blueburger? i wont lie, i really liked it. cant believe normal died 
off transferring some of my knowledge to someone who should know this shite. Would be one thin if he was sexy hot and he's not 
I'm getting kinda frustrated being the person who knows how things work but can't explain it in laypersons' terms to anyone else. 
I keep falling asleep.. Its too early to listen to someone lecture about law and government.  i want to cry.
i don't know what to do i must kill someone but i don't know where he is  ! help plz  !!
I must be the only person left on the planet who still visits the Strobelight page 
I just can't figure out what to eat tonight  anyone an idea ??
my ponytail has been threatened and someone told me if they got a hold to it it would be set in a blaze 
doesnt feel well someone come take care of me please?? 
Why is it that every time I go to get my hair done, this chick is still workin on someone else??? 
Couldn't find anyone at #twisto 
i miss @sarahar092 and @marianna527  i need to hear being called kitty kat in person
i dont owe anyone 30 dollars! 
@simplenomad Seems every time I say don't click email links, someone/place sends something legit that asks users to click. 
aww  thats not very nice for someone to say.
@FerretsFIRST I just put a lost add in craigslist, apparently someone else lost their wuzzle too around me 
Seems my so called friends called me a wanker and fucked off, I need to talk to someone 
Ugh dealing with a layout with so many horrible absolute pos'd divs. 's what happens when you tell someone they can't use tables 
 :'( where ius that one person that can make me smile 
i guess some friendships dont last no matter how hard one person tries.. 
@rockthejay, who will i stay with? HAHA, dude pls put me w someone that can help me look cute cause i dunno how to do my hair HAHA 
@ddlovato heydemi  whats up? haha, i just wanted to say i love you music and your a really talented person. love to hear from you &lt;3
@deepbluesealove I was never an early morning person so I really didnt have anything to get over 
fuck i'm loving this song today.. everyone listen to it now. it makes a person smile big.. 
is no longer concern about that someone.. hehe 
@aheartofstars it made me a stronger person 
someone turn on the shower please!! 
@GretasTardis I'm the third person in this conversation now  ...right?
@redsheep maybe you shouldn't be twittering it then...hehe..just rant to the person next to you.. 
my god bradie, you are the funniest person  annnnnnnd I very much lord you 
@katesteven @robbrown would like to know about our public spanking, we'll be lost in the ether before anyone notices 
@dtmafiaofficial i think you should have a second person too 
@pjakobs as in, someone would figure out how to access the mp3s without actually paying for them. 
@nbremer It is very good ! I just never want to upset any person so asked you 1st if it was okay to say you lokk very pretty 
@psandalio yeah, I remembered reading about that, I think someone else mentioned it.There's still room in the market 
@mcurry If somebody reccomends a good one, would you be so kind as to tweet it? 
being a crazy person 
You know you work in a medical library when you see someone watching a video of a naked person on their laptop and it's not pr0n.  
working on things GENaustin waiting for the maytag repair person. my coworkers will appreciate me in clean cloths 
@selenagomez because you're a great person! and you have so much talents, that I really look up to. And most of all, you're my angel!  
@beemouse Or that person has an infant. 
@denyseduhaime It's nice to see that someone with such a large follower base can still take time to notice the small guy too. 
Is there a way to get an email alert when someone @ replies to you? @jcw5002 you'd be my hero if you could code it 
@crazzyford sometimes it's great to be a foreigner 
@mileycyrus is so cute!  I would love to meet her in person.   I'm a huge fan!
@mnstrsnmnchkns lol hello  it is quite difficult meeting someone alive, heterosexual and single. I don't quite know why
@Gadina To help someone and see their lives changing;to finally finish a project you've been working on for ages; to wake up and be alive 
everyone need to foolow @mrinfamy...a postive ass person who just made my day better 
@trent_reznor  you sound like someone I know @aperfectNIN
@KhloeKardashian my teacher says i look alot like you. lmfao ; i don't in my picture , but in person , she says i do . haha 
leaving to the doctor's BLAHHH!! anyone ever have tonsillitis if so  tweet me later 
anyone hungry now? lol One of my recipe's at zaar  http://tinyurl.com/damrjz
@paulmartinsmith maybe someone has put security on your contacts 
@sacca because the cost is usually covered by the someone. safety isn't 100% covered by anyone 
@trent_reznor barely keep up with my internet stuff and I'm just a normal person 
@tlilfrog  I've never been a two and I really want to get there.  I'm a 14... yikes!  Don't tell anyone, it's a secret! 
@lyshysbeans aww get better....i dont think tessa wants to eat lunch with someone who is sick 
@alexjmackey LOL - and if they have they aren't allowed to tell anyone yet 
@kylesibert   Forced Tweets, Micthell is a very cruel person  
feels like eating an 18' inch pizza from yellowcab. can someone give me. haha 
@ChiTheDesigner he's a humble person? not the image i had from him 
anyone know how i can get my blood - ashley wallbridge (tyDi mix)?  #asot400
anyone know any good taylor lautner fan sites? 
@senhordaguerra The silence gets to be loud when you are sitting around and waiting for the other person to talk. 
anyone know where i can get the tydi guest mix?  #asot400
@TinaGerow Yes I am! I figured there had to be someone else on the same flight 
@flickakjerstine I can't take credit!  I had to have someone show me what to do! 
@Kmoennig  haha you funny  person you, don't you burn yourself now 
my bestfriend is basically the coolest, honest and crazy person i know 
wow did anyone else see that i cant spell &quot;have&quot; wow thts sad it shows how smart i am 
Always be the bigger person and walk away. If it they talk smack, always rem you are two steps ahead of them anyhow.  ~ crazy
@lartist What a daffy person you are.  
@kilamarie  bro hopefully will be fine, it's weird to be so far away when someone is not well!
someone take me to mcdonalds please? 
my last.fm username is: Rosserfan if anyone wants to be friends over there 
Just woke up...  someone text me
And if anyone was wandering who the topless guy with the tattoos was before and during the penalties ... it was my brother 
@marginatasnaily you've mouth shagged him, can't you find out?! 
@ComedyQueen don't worry never gonna put anyone in a bin or skip or anything, so safe to come back to the family 
I bought myself a bookmark with *someone's* face on!  so effing hot!! eeeep.
@countroshculla Maybe, if someone makes a convincing argument.  
@cudatheman i know what ya mean but at least they have that person there for them.  good for you. &lt;3
@perezhilton what's wrong with gays??? my mums gay!! n I love her to bits... it doesn't change a person... are r for or against?? 
@rashyyy haha, i know!! i am the most indecisive person ive ever known!! i want to go homeeeeee!!! my nana has sent me a parcel  heeeeeee!
@michaelpokocky Yes indeed it is!  Not one to use someone else as my pic! 
is heading for Leeds (somebody has to go there) 
can anyone help me digg cebu pacific up?  http://tinyurl.com/c86dwm
@gresco a ridiculously cute one. That is all anyone needs to know. 
@runningbrit  - A picklepuss is old-fashioned slang for someone with a habitually sullen expression 
@monicaferrero maybe we'll see you there! If paul runs then we'll have someone to cheer for 
Sean is all alone in whitespace. Someone come keep me company 
@michael_bach oooo you got roped into that!  don't tell anyone but I've watched a few myself haha
a love like pi  anyone who knows who they are gets cookies. apart from the person who told me haha cause you won't reply.
does anyone go to liverpool uni? is it any good? 
@ShipleyDonuts I know someone who could be your restaurant online community manager mentor. He'll work for donuts 
@_niki_stardust_  well then ur a good bored person 
@hwaiting bb if you hate somebody at OMNTD just tell me and i'll ban him/her  /hitler.
@a_saliga This is awesome. I know someone that uses cs all the time even in their emails. I am signing the petition. 
@xjaelee19x hi J! so Its you huh? haha  sure I won't tell anyone 
@candiskim I'm glad you like. I think you're the second or third person to put it to use. 
@liquidwings and talk to someone - anyone!!! if you have problems with coping. you'll have days that suck but just smile &amp; youll make it 
@penney1115 u go girl!  I mean that! always someone in a worse way then u somewhere...
I need the code to text facebook...100 to the first person to get it for me 
hahahaha the person who hate's me can't open my account  .
how do you commute to puerto galera? and how much does it cost per person? 
@DigitalSignals I don't need to speak to anyone, but I enjoy it. 
I can't believe someone actually filled my prompt already. D And it was a good fic, too! Even better! 
@aprilfdlwi nope i blocked the person 
ok, name change. I'm hang'n with @chrisrhoads @jshephard @brookeschwab and the person who busted me @sarahrhoads 
haters r so much closer than they may seem sometimes but hey if u need someone to envy feel free to envy me. I LOVE IT 
its always a bad idea to let someone text from your phone. even if youre planning to explain it all later. seriously... 
@TuntiBoo ugh someone finally understands how i feel!!!! thx for letting me kno there's other sickos  out there lol!
someone buy me the hello kitty fender ! haha . 
did nothing today :[  It'd be nice to go out to lunch or dinner with friends. someone should organize it ...or maybe I should 
@moose2248 somebody is jealous. thats all.  
@sbmczh thats all in the opinion of the person saying it 
soooooooo is anyone board is it just me  ?
@Ribenaa =P if anyone asks just say you were being empathetic with me. 
@susanhopr By all means!  As I said, I'm not the person who came up with it, but certainly feel free to pass it on.  
@ngapainajaseru - Not really but one should hold the temptation to shop or being consumptive unless that person is really rich 
@helloxxtaylor thats EXACTLY the type of person 
ahh you are such an amazing person. 
@g2girlie had to pick somebody up. 
@DeVouge It was much funnier in retrospect than in person!! 
@Vixenwitch You will find me to be a very patient person  
@leoleporte u were the first person i followed on here btw, NOT a stalker just been a fan of yours for years! 
Shares a hug, with well, anyone that needs one! woot. I think I need to settle down, lol 
@KrisAlderson I'm working on something for you  Just don't know if it's getting mailed or if I am gonna get to give it to you in person 
@eazee but mines isnt a fail  LOL wait there was someone on crenshaw with a gun? this must be why im wake. that damn helicopter
@koltregaskes twits is probably more correct, but I don't think anyone would like that 
anyone want to help a girl out? what is the # sign in front of words for? thanks 
@threadmaster oooh thankyou for following me ... at last someone else who does machine embroidery and not advertisement 
@BabyPatches  nevermind Sylivia dog made one yeah some wierd person made a fake pawpawty account talk to sylvia she knows more 
wishes I had someone to curl up with and watch movies tonight 
@KrisAllenmusic and whoever doesn't treat you well obviously has never heard you sing! 
@beentsy don't forget the @  whoever... 
@fake_vyvyan If you can think of it, someone has that fetish. It's on the internet. 
importing videooo. is shitty on a pc, anyone want to buy me a macbook 
@jjjen  you know your a good person,thats what counts 
i'm just a simple person..im telling my stories and listening to yours 
@kashmir_hippie  I love the person you are. &lt;3  
I'm looking for a smile in a zenjar... Has anyone seen one?  (via #zenjar )
@SincereBC I'm just messing with ya  no one else cares for my frustrations not even the 1 person who should.
@BPDINOKC LOL I am glad someone enjoys them!  I like yours, too, girly! &lt;3
i think im the only person that doesnt like family guy. im going to nap now 
@giladby: No 9.10 for anyone yet  maybe in october (2009/10)
gos im sooo bored!! someone tweeet to me pease  x
anyone recommend any good songs 
@KPoe13 I have a feeling you're the type of person who will LOVE bootcamp 
I gives a #pughug to @EmmytheCat @henryandfriends @Fergusthedog pass it on to three more ! Pughug is a free hug for anyone  #pawpawty
ok so have no been on in awhile...not really sure if anyone cares anyways 
Is craving some sushi .. and will tell it to anyone who will listen until one of them gives in and takes me out 
I have two invite codes for http://dreamwidth.org if anyone is interested let me know 
@JunkExtreme hey  i got a sub domain hosted by someone. it's actually really easier then i thought. lol, keep inspiring me 
@guyfour20  that is way more than anyone needs...are you a moron? on the other hand, enjoy 
@kirstiealley You are my favourite person to 'follow' now.  Where are we goin' next?  
#guidestones the conspiracy theorists who hate them simply don't understand them. I will challenge anyone to this.  #bringiton
@RealHughJackman your an amazing person inside and out 
@balmeras is there anyone you DON'T know darling girl?   note to self. visit grass stain guru before all else.... 
(@salisburydowns) @balmeras is there anyone you DON'T know darling girl?   note to self. visit grass stain guru before all else.... 
http://twitpic.com/4ik9u - You will always find someone on the corner of every street.... 
sleeeeeeeeeeepin again...... sending lots of good thoughts to my *favoritest* person 
does anyone like my profile background? i dunno bout the duckies... waddu think? 
@austinbello haha, i have to laugh everytime i see my background from when i met you 
@rainnygirl91418 Am I that person? 
@drealovesjt i meant someone you knw of hahaha my mispelling 
@carlosefonseca I can give you the contact of the person who makes those cheesecakes! 
@angusups Just seeing if anyone was still awake 
does anyone know how to move google chrome passwords to firefox? 
@JennyMalaiAli ... go to that person and click the green arrow *following*, then you'll see *remove* 
says somebody n e body please! 
anybody have any new song ideas? 
When you see someone without a smile pass them yours 
if i buy the petit financiers under the guise of a gift for someone else, maybe then i won't feel guilty about eating them. 
One good deed deserves another. I hope to help someone else some day 
@terras3 I def will. If anyone leaves the room for a second he has to follow. He's a really great dog otherwise so far. 
@besufern @sillywhitney @lautore someone tell @jasonekim if he wants help with the bus to just lemme know.   he no follow me.
done with the photo album  as im a good person so i make it quite private for now. pity you ben haha
Morning...is anyone out there??? 
@Prince_Aries Me and that person have something in common then! LOL jk.... 
@digital_geisha @savasavasava  For reals. It's lovely being around someone so refreshingly analog in his interests 
@nursedoublek have someone help you with the makeup...you gots to go out looking fine  and have another shot
@mamacrow important person?  who? 
@elliottp I'll follow anyone who is a sticker for usage. 
Guys. Just got someone with saran wrap. Tuesdays video shall be awesome 
i need to see @betsycon7...now! someone buy me a plane ticket, please? 
@geraldnapoles College cops: they get suspicious when they see more than one person in a group together. 
@ticketranaway It's not sad. To tweet is to twitter, not someone misspronouncing a word kto make it fit a card.  I would have tweeted it.
If someone in the family died you would of heard about it. Duhhhhhh. . . 
wow I just had a two hour conversation with someone on omegle. it was amazing 
@KielysWorld you are such a great person. 
@yongfook  ack ~ of course i'm a person! but i think @alaskamiller knows that 
fellow twitterers. if anyone one has a leather jacket for the size of a fat person (aka me) please let me borrow it. 
@sageeb finally -- someone recognizes my genius 
@devyra  do you know if anyone from the believers never die tour is going on warped? i know  i can't wait haha
@princ3sskrys10 lmao I've never met anyone who liked caramel this much 
@JasonBradbury mmmmm you have someone on the inside ? or are you being brlliant again 
I'm in need of someone with a good gaydar ... Seriously 
@stgoebel2 i think the key to getting a song out of my head is to put it in someone elses... but as my gift to you it will remain unnamed 
anyone else going to loserville the musical?  aaah.
@richard4481 that's the one  anyone recommend any shops near bond street lol
@ChrisAugust Haha, I didn't think there was anyone who liked cheesecake more than me. 
@LacyKarr I don't think anyone's died from a toothache... I could be wrong 
@JasonArnopp spotify is just revolutionary. i'd thoroughly reccomend it to anyone 
@JoReynolds55 trying to keep up with all the new followers dont want to appear rude and fail to acknowledge anyone 
@frisch_sticks shweet!!! i wish i was going :] your a lucky person 
found a fortune cookie fortune today. it said 'soon, someone will make you very proud.'  
@GlennRHalliday I just copy/pasted the image from someone else's  You can do the same - copy it from mine and paste it into your info.
@briiwriteslove haha it wasnt stupid! anyone would be curious. they are pretty awesome 
@imalexevans ha i dont care whether you read my last tweet or not, but i love your pic now!  have u ever think to reply at someone..?  ...
@txhotboy LOL!  Not ballin... Just a lucky person who is very blessed! 
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA. I dont think we need to jump anyone. She's hot  #hewouldbeluckytobebuttercupdsboyfriend
is starving. feed me seymore!! ... well, anyone can feed me really i won't mind. 
show me someone that doesnt like good will hunting and i will show u a person with a sore face. cuz i will punch them... 
@Freckles1988 attention on someone else &amp; closer to home! 
@bacharachblog Wow so impressed/honored that I was the first person you tweeted. I'm not tworthy! 
So if anyone wants to know what that ah snap tweet was I am uploading a pic in a second. It'll be pretty 
Just putting the word out, my cousin is a tattoo artist so let me know if you or someone you know wants a good one for cheap! 
Who knew a text could make someone so happy! 
d_RobPattinson_ id you pursue acting over music? You seem like a very nice person so feel free to write back for some normal conversation 
I feel as long as you don't cause anyone bodily harm... and don't rob a liqour store... you're fine. Just do what makes you happy. 
@xerinfnstein Sure you're not the only person who thinks that lie.  YOU ARE. 
@robvince  that's for me to know and not tell anyone!
@bearlyons Lovely, anyone would think you were excited  xxx
@hellonhairylegs I don't think anyone is 
@nickajordan @keithlard geeky type person is said with love, btw 
anyone want to come and work for me for free??? 
@PauaPattie you're the only person i know who cares  other than me!! and julia zamira zamero zemero you know her she's commentating
@tommyjaybooks Lol, I think he's still there, but you can't hide anyone in my trunk 
oh well at least someone thought I was funny...as long as I'm making others laugh, I don't care 
And in case anyone is wondering, those &quot;followers&quot; I mentioned... ain't from no tracking cookies... I may not be pure, but my PC's are. 
@omgtbh 7 bits should be good enough for anyone. 
@SlashHudson I'm sure that the person you gave the lesson to really appreciated it! 
French toast anyone? 
@wendytimmons I am good...not putting anyone to bed, but reading and tweeting 
@phathead looks like someone is done with finals or giving up on them altogether 
Out at my favorite wings spot with my favorite person  He's making me smile!
@SallytheShizzle nooo i got it if i can have someone photoshop me into a pic with joe then yeah that'll be the background 
@mileycyrus don't ever let what ppl say get you down!  i think you have a beautiful body! and i am SO glad someone has hips like mine!
@missmusze i feel what you sayin' and your welcome  but you r just a beautiful person inside and out, and to me thats everything ;)
goodnight to anyone that cares 
a wise person once told me &quot; it's not you believe me, he just doesn't know what he's got... his loss&quot; thank you  I&lt;3 linds
@xayejessicax well, you are a pretty cool person 
if anyone reads this and has left 4 dead.. @reply me.. 
@infamous_franki lmfao so i know if i see you in person approach with caution 
1 person away from 400 lets go 
I'm screwed. Howev if anybody cam make it happen its me 
@mileycyrus I thought u said jealousy was the worst trait in anyone? 
Why if someone else farts we leave the room but we don't care as much when it's ours? 
@slaadi good to know  has anyone been voted off yet? ;)
omg. gay laptop isn't letting me upload my icon. merrrrrh, i'll have to ask someone else.  x
@Emily_Webgains conversely, never seen a little person running on a treadmill 
@weakspecies I think it has  new person to obsess over...    however you may not like who it is.
I look like a crazy person. 
@mileycyrus Pretttyyyyyyyyyyyyy PLEASEeee tweet @MileyCSupporter she is a realllllllly nice person who supports u like many others!!I 
Your newbie followers are very welcome @wrigleygirl like those of anyone who wants to use the facility - no strings attached! 
@flutestar123 Can someone recommend background music that would go well with lens about Paklenica (national park)! 
@82kg lol i was trying to find out more from someone whose been there - knowsnotmuch and whose spreading rumors - sudhamshu 
Fresh banana pancakes anyone?  
Should be easy to give common courtesy trust to someone you don't know and doesn't know you but even that can be difficult 
continuesfrom the lastupdate: the 80s. well peopl should wear what they want. if it looks bad then dont look at that person. 
@TeamCyrus nm do you like my new display pic? someone made it for me  xxxxxxxx
sister act the musical anyone !!  ?
I was sharing a painful part of my past in order to encourage someone that no matter how bad it gets there's always hope. 
@mardigrasinco someone's having a unfollow sunday! 
does anyone know how too work this  lol coz a dontt
@caarolcarvalho A true friend is someone who thinks you're a good egg even though he knows you're slightly cracked.  made me think of ya!
Just saw the president in person 
is the happiest person alive. 
@nessie111 i'm assuming you're a real person? 
i wish i were a better person sometimes, but i am who i am and I'm happy with that 
@Domness ah what a coincidence  well i cant sugegts anyone else for now...
@Killax3 what about talknig to this person?? he/she cant change if you dont say what annoys you..  but whatever...
@laurenself have fun....if anyone assaults u again kick them in their taint 
@julia72 I'll credit you for me tweeting since you were the first person to break it down for me. Cheers. 
@LeslieRoark I see someone can't sleep.  That's okay the nap made up for it!
@ModernGearTV No worries. I'm not a seismologist but if you need someone to chat with i'm here. 
I'm not unfollowing anyone that is following me... or that I speak to regularly! So no worries ppl 
@tealou lol, it's just I've seen more anger and vitriol from you than anyone else... and you're on the side that won 
@MichelleWKwan glad to hear it  still keeping the faith! if anyone can do it, you can. wishing you all the best!
@brennahunt i think you may be the only person in lynn i appreciate.  &lt;3
@ddlovato youre a great person! you allow us to believe in ourselves and keep our chin up. 
@ddlovato your tottaly wrong!!you worth it!every support we give you,youre the only person who worth it demi 
@ddlovato can't wait for you and every1 else to listen to it. I can only go up from here. 
searching for a new guitar,, tips anyone?? acoustic btw 
@russians_in_uk Never judge a person until you are sure that is a person 
haha, this is why sunny is my faavorite person. 
feels amazing to be back in my own bed. im still missing my someone though  ahh 4 days
@theotherhoff I didn't say we make fun of other cultures. We probably make more fun out of our own than anyone else 
@AmMarvellous  There's someone on here who spoke to me in greek yday lol. Just understood, though am more familiar with classical greek :S
you know what I hate? stupid people. no one I know on twitter. someone I know. 
6 dayssssssssssssss     i really want a hotdog with cheese now does anyone else LOL?? x
@anima but your dating() someone now, at least that shows you have mastered the date() function somehow 
@BlueSwirl i think you were the only person who thought you wouldn't be 
Where is @JohnMu? anyone heard or have seen JohnMu of CHeeseland recently? 
Does anyone still eat #dinosaurs? I do on bread 
@gnomeangel u're a strong person! you can do it! 
@BillKeen oh i got in trouble with someone in edwardsville?? hes not that bright and you know who im talking about 
@Ishme3t Teehee ya! Thats the best thing about our wifi! But sometimes it gets slow due to a lot of users! @fartingpen Anything for ManU! 
well if anyone is interested in my lack of house renovations I've update the flickr set  http://tinyurl.com/qsbtgq
@pamalyons You are right, fear is the number reason why someone can not do hypnosis. They are doing the hypnosis after all not me 
@LarryFlick that's a good song.   I know someone who needs to hear it, just might push the url over to him.
I should be done by about 10pm. Does anyone have any interesting plans for the day? 
I never said anything about you  someone has a guilty conscience since they're lashing out
i think my patient button needs to be rebooted.  Or I need to whip/spank someone.  
@frodosghost hehe - well i didn't need someone so high up but hey! 
Is there a phrase for someone who tweets to much? If not, any suggestion? 
@brandi_b I have to clean more for my mom than anyone else, too. 
@theroyaltyclub i don't think anyone can have more public hols than us. @izatrini take me shopping too 
@JoseMendez14 um it's someone special's b-day 
@marisaallan13 &quot;A true friend is someone who thinks you're a good egg even though he knows you're slightly cracked.&quot;  made me think of ya!
@sansjulyelite what a wonderful job, what a caring person you must be, a special person infact. well done  got to go back to work 
In social studies... someone save me! i'm also really happy,  ask me why @imalexevans i wish i could see your blog
@OfficialTL  I love you. You're an amazing person!   
@xMCR_SAVED_MEx KAFFRIN! omggg, come online babes, need to talk to someone 
looking for a new apartment for the fall... anybody need a roomie? 
@TheWarlocksDen just saw someone say they got demo cd to play with when they ordered simms 
great quote- 'every hot blooded woman needs an object to crave' - 
@RealZoltan awww you would make a cute couple  have you ever met her in person??
@chriswindram rumours are not nice  don't be sad, you are a wonderful person  xxx
@emmmmaaax awww  im not sure it worked cause i was mobile and something about my quota limit? i'll get your addy from someone 
@thenewbnb @sidv you have to follow the rules  the #jaljeera can has to be passed by the person who has it.. its with @ankita_gaba
laying in bed thinking about someone who is truly amazing!!!  tonight was so good!
@zeashanashraf YES! you are my hero. someone finally sided with me. 
@chadfu youd think thatd wake someone up not put them to sleep though wouldnt you ? 
@RebeccaYemm I don't think anyone else is a horsey like you 
random question! did anyone have morning sex today???? lol 
@lauderlyn i know! i'm saving for a canon 50d / nikon d90 -- haven't decided. will be on a photo frenzy man! want anything? 
laughing like a cchimppppp  after too much sugar is rather entertaining... and watching someone else do it too is aswell!!!!!! hahahaha
ahaha @Neaveb you're like the funniest person i've ever met 
really wants one of those fys letterman hoodies!....someone buy one for me 
@gandalfar I already know I'm the only one in this blessed land (or at least, below the 5-person limit) 
@StackedGroup Got that right, aww I'm sorry, i REALLY ope it does  cause you seem like an alright person 
@eanrey you can send a direct message if you're following that person and that person is following you too 
I love the smell of spraypaint  anyone need a hoody or mask done lemme know getting high of it haha
@oneplusi sounds like someone needs a beer, free entry at lunchtimes 
i hate the person beside me 
Is new to all this, anyone have any advice on how it all works 
Going to see we will rock you 4 free anyone u26 who wants 2 go http://tiny.cc/eiQt9 4 more info 
@karenstl i hit up about every third person, @amyalcin hooked me up twice. 
The guy who invented remote access first should get a nobel price 
@GoodToGoTour I'm confused did I reply to your message to someone else? oops! by the way we met ages ago, I'm not being totally random 
@wsblissjr  they say all you need is one person to believe in you 
I'm hoping that someone will leave a comment on my page . 
#followfriday @italianmama2 an incredibly sweet and encouraging person who always makes me smile 
did I miss anyone? 
does bring organized make me a better person?  Wouldn't it be nice, though? 
Loving this sunshine! And sending the staff away at 4  anyone fancy going for a drink later?
@timjahn  anyone who will meet you, will agree with me!  #followfriday
funny how obama calls himself the president.  i want to have a title i can call myself in the third person.
unpacking and cleaning...open to distractions if anyone has any ideas 
anyone enjoy painting? anyone want to paint with us on monday? we'll have food as repayment! lol 
@jenjoe1981 oh please, this one would make any person vomit. After this I am heading to your place in the next hour 
@Vanderleun great minds!!! can't take any credit. someone emailed pshop link after i blogged the story. 
You're welcome ooo someone is flashing in maths 
@sandeepparikh ... Or call someone you know who is all about creating and implementing advanced digital workflows. 
sitting with a drunk person laughing so hard right now  haha
@JinxCat I'll gladly hear what anyone has to say. I just won't necessarily listen. 
@heydestinyy just think of it as complimenting yourself. because i am a very funny person indeed 
@ruthiebaby31  I'm sure someone twitters with their twat.... LOL
@supersoundguy someone pee in your cornflakes? 
@jordanknight wow! someone said 15% lmfao 
@robin1966 cripes, don't be mad.  Much easier to let someone else do the hard work 
I owe such a debt to the person who invented coffee..... 
.....I volunteer if anyone want to use me. 
sorrrrrrry if i don't speak english very well , but i speak portuguese anyone to talk lolllll 
@stonerjesus420 you twit more than anyone else I follow 
A white person servered me water and another white person poured my water. 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/65r98 - how is anyone else supposed to get a guy if we have to compete with that its just not fair!!! 
@MalcolmMC5 I hope someone turns it into a torrent so I can watch it too 
Its interesting how one person can make me smile so much and not even know it...   
harry potter party anyone? 
@CityGirl912 we'll always have the hawks  and fun chi baseball arguments never hurt anyone!
@xXmIxEdMoDeLXx im not good in  movies mysel fim more of a music person if anything 
@ashsimpsonwentz i wish meet you in person someday 
If you know when to walk away, and you are not willing to not take less of what you deserve then you are an honorable person... 
anyone needs some exterior well-priced headshots? 
@cha_rade shhh, don't tell anyone. We won't tell anyone. 
@jnicc and i totally feel like a well rounded person b/c of them 
@sranches @risamarie we should find someone who has a pass so we can take pictures with the cast.  lol
i think somebody needs a hug 
Someone's typing, i don't even have to @ reply her cause she knows who she is 
I'm seriously not liking this project! haha the only person who will read this is my lefthand bud! lol she is awesome though 
isn't it amazing how much you can tell about a person by the passwords they use? 
the weather is beatiful now  someone sings . how cool is that!
AWESOME night until someone showed up. But I didn't let her ruin it  All smiles.
@rockforhealth woman i want to know i can help out!  should i email someone or whaa?
@netizensmedia we need someone with research working experience - hopefully worked in nielsen, tns, synovate before. u know anyone? 
@ anyone who wants to talk 
okay someone must have a google wave invite to send me  dominichodgson@gmail.com
@ThisThatBeauty That is hilarious that you blogged to someone else!!  And heavens NO I won't be posting a pic with my new golden gams 
#followfriday @ADDEccentric @jonpaulkaiser @electric_angel @mouse_dept @monstafaktory @bartsbooks and anyone i forgot.... sorry 
@iamdiddy getting the chance to get rejected is worse.. and everyone misses out on someone who is a true artist not these attetion whores 
I really wish I could find someone to make some music videos for my record label 
Just realised I am 1 tweep off 150! who will be the lucky person 
@damienmulley he can indeed - someone needs to tel him to tone down the eyeshadow though 
I am so bored, someone entertain me? 
@RooleyMoor but if someone told you there was sun, sea and surf there wouldn't you be a little intrigued? I would 
