Most common words for this cluster:
[('someone', 499), ('somebody', 146), ('please', 51), ('help', 33), ('com', 28), ('work', 28), ('come', 28), ('http', 28), ('quot', 27), ('today', 23), ('stole', 21), ('day', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Someone', 0.9819412231445312), (u'Somebody', 0.9117382764816284), (u'someone', 0.7266194820404053), (u'somebody', 0.6999160051345825), (u'Anybody', 0.6980960369110107), (u'Nobody', 0.6429015398025513), (u'Whoever', 0.619064211845398), (u'Everybody', 0.6009159684181213), (u'Everyone', 0.5986934900283813), (u'You', 0.594717800617218)]





Why does it take so long to go through one lecture which only took 52 mins to give?! and it's sunny outside. Someone is mocking me 
Someone somewhere didn't like Sheepish http://www.smartestgames.com/gotdhistory.php?id=141 
My xbox360 died! I have no stress relief  How depressing... and in the middle of moving to a new apartment! UGH! Someone cheer me up.
@Aneeqah Only a pleasure... Someone had better have come brownie joy, and it ain't going to be me  Pigging out vicariously through you!
I was just mean on the internet. Somebody spank me. 
WHY does the Sims NEVER work on my laptop? WHYYYYY? Someone help me     
Someone somewhere didn't like Yubotu http://www.smartestgames.com/gotdhistory.php?id=158 
@LisaNoelRuocco Someone went and ruined our picnic 
I'm sick  Someone come and take care of me!
Somebody go give my dad a hug, I feel like he's been grumpy for a few days 
@EstelleDarlings Honestly, you can only speak to urself because no 1 cares @the airport. Someone will always direct u 2 the next person 
@DdotRock my friends forced it back on my tv. Someone filmed it in their cousins apt &amp; the hood bar &amp; Kept callin a JeepCherokee a hummer 
I just saw a horrible accident outside my parents house. Someone ran head-on into a tree. Slumped over passed out. I hope they are ok! 
I want a hair wrap. Someone do one for me pleaaaase 
got a ticket yesterday for having expired tags...even though I had *just* updated them. Someone at the MVA is messing with me. 
also: Someone find me a freakin job 
I'm not well  I've got a whole ENT thing going on. Someone out there gave it to me. Evil person they are (directing that at the wife).
@matt_moody Yay! Someone I know! I can't find anyone I know on here 
Someone somewhere didn't like O.T.T.F. http://www.smartestgames.com/gotd.php 
you know Monnie's upset when she ignores the raid and start abusing people on MySpace. Someone make me happy 
@ work crazy busy here today!! We only have 2 RNs 4 24 patients! 2 pts r out of conrol &amp; Someone Is about to pass away  god bless him
Someone stole my peace! 
 Cardboard doesn't go into the garbage. Someone needs to tell my neighbors. &lt;/3
Tired, blaaah. Someone type my homework for me 
Mega bored... Somebody save me. 
is home alone with no food and nothing to do  Someone come save me (:
Onwards and upwards - shower and housework are calling  Oh what an exciting life I lead NOT! Someone take me away from all this - anyone!
Out for dinner. Someone find me a mylo...  Peace. ?
Moving allllll week  Someone wanna borrow a baby for a few days??
is still gassy and hates going to sleep this way  Someone punch me in the gut PLEASE?!!!!
Someone I know once said he felt as unaffected as a satellite and I have never understood how horrible it felt until now. I'm sorry 
@ClaireHammond glad i'm not the only one. It's hideous. Someone should get shot! 
Wendy's sucks! I have 15 minutes left  Someone come to Yogurtime n entertain me!
@admon09 Someone told me they are canceling this too  but I'm not sure. It is really good though, watching it on hulu.
I argued and went shopping today so I'm calling it a night because both are exhausting. Someone save me before it's too late 
At home bored @$&amp; hell! Somebody come play with me! 
@queencamilla Well,we were skyping til just now. Someone just dropped totally.  Not sure what that is about. lol
In a .jp restaurant, and they are playing a song that I've been trying to hunt down for the past few weeks. Someone's playing with me 
2 hours sober, and my head already feels like exploding. Someone rub it 
I am very pissed that I'm in work all over the bank holiday weekend  Someone help me escape!
Hey!!! Someone stole the sun 
Someone hacked my youtube 
MrsD on standby tomorrow. She's already been caught for a crappy trip 6am-6pm.  Someone must've thrown a sicky.
Just got back from the gym. Holy work out!! About to wash some dishes. I rather be doing something else. Someone has to do it. 
I am sick of this math project. Someone just shoot me already!  
Somebody please bring me back to the magical chaos of Philly  http://twitpic.com/4gwx7
@shaktijs Someone hunt for @aalaap already. I have some urgent work with him as well :| Dunno why ppl disappear on Sundays 
Mmmhmmm morning. I should really work on not sleeping in... Someone come do something?'sazz can't come 
I feel like crying. Someone is sitting on quittingforacause.com AND quitforacause.com and the email they listed for WHOIS bounces 
Starbucks. Starbucks. Someone kidnap me and take me to Starbucks. I just want some Starbucks, is that too much to ask? Apparently so! 
is bored of revising  Somebody help me please!! hehe
Oh no  there is a male golden on the orange county animal services website! Someone @Traverserdavid or @morganoxarart go adopt him!
Just saw my red gt500 at zaxbys. Someone bought my Cobra    oh well the 2010's better anyway
need my life back on track. Someone help me. 
Someone keeps missing 
Shit. Someone just texted me and I accidently erased it. Who is it? 
I've been working on this project for 3 hours straight  Somebody save me.
Someone ate my dark cocoa 
Somebody please help me! Pusing! Kepala ku sakiiiit 
Someone broke my claw in my installation!! And took it with them!! 
Argh! Someone got up on the roof next door and threw some mechanical thing down- including a bottle of oil- all over the broccoli now 
Someone text me....I'm bored.. 
http://twitpic.com/4wnd8 - Someone ate my flower!!! 
Somebody farted up in this muthafucka 
@fakemarkwebber Somebody needs to get a fkn mr whippy van on tap or something! Silly Finn! 
Bored! Someone entertain me please 
I suck at math. Somebody help me? 
Goin to work  Someone should cheer me up about it. I would rather go swimmin with my kiddo on a pretty mama's day sunday.
http://bit.ly/GvBji  Someone teach me that 
My dad filled the tub with Pine Sol cause someone told him it would get rid of the clog of hair my sister started. Someone lied to him. 
Someone entertain me I'm bored and lonley here 
 Updating product attributes on Green-E-lite-shop. Someone's got to do the job .... AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHRRRRRRGGGGG
Somebody keeps sneaking into my house and emptying the water jug 
Headache, dammit! Someone make it go away pls, I've a meeting in an hour 
Wow, last night@Panama was a hard nut 2 crack.Someone even asked Roog If he had some reggaeton?!Got flashed while doing 130 on a 100 way 
is havin the worst day ever. Someone please take me away from everything 
OhNoo, i'm feeling sick again  Someone rub my tummy.
Somebody save me! I don't want to be sick 
homework, i hate it. Someone who wants to help me? 
Grrrr.. I stopped for a bagel and when I got to the parking structure... Someone is in my spot!  
Me and sleep have been in a fight...  this sucks. Someone bring me an iced coffee please.
 guess it's gonna be a lonely night for me.. Someone save me please!
Someone come over! I have no ride to go out. 
Sick  I'm glad I'm finally off work to just rest! Someone bring me some orange juice and some soup please!!
Someone is sensitive  oooooooo
I'm scared to watch a scary movie by myself  Someone callll 
Argh I suck at bowling. Somebody come bowl for me 
So much for our day to sleep in! Fire alarm went off at the hotel this morning.  Someone cooked something too long in the microwave-FAIL!
Soo tired and i dont feel well. Someone work for me 
I don't understand certain people ...  9hrs, seriously? Someone send me food and water. #%@&amp;!!
Somebody just sneezed on me 
@brokentv you too! Someone gave it to me on an ep a couple of years ago. If I remember rightly wasn't unreleased cuz of a sample wrangle 
Someone save me? 
Someone wake me up from this nightmare... 
@omgseriouslywtf hey Tara! Someone kicked me out of the blogtv room! I didn't even do anything, I was being quiet and suddenly got kicked 
Someone buy my drumset. 
Not feeling great today....as it should have been my 7th wedding anniversary today.    Someone didn't know when he had a good thing.....
At work going mental this morning. Somebody help me . Only 7 hours to go 
Feeling tearful for no apparent reason. Somebody cheer me up! 
ill and bored... Someone feels like cheering me up? 
Somebody jacked my chucks 
Someone deleted my youtube 
@ltning I don't know. Somebody is spamming with my name and URL  I don't know why, I don't know who...
Somebody took our mailbox kittens 
At school now. Someone get here 
Oh hay twitter ignore me i just want to look like i'm textan. Someone talk to me 
I really do want to revise this week! Someone make me do it!! 
Today isn't my day I'm tired and sitting up in the S.S office...Somebody come save me 
Somebody already occupied shyjune. So I made my ID whyjune. But I don't like it 
Ugh, I'm a little sickie right now. Someone must have poisoned my Krabby Patty 
http://twitpic.com/5oo1y - I knew this hill wasn't fooking around. Someone was gonna pay the ultimate price. R.I.P. 
http://twitpic.com/5othq - Someone just called me Ma, must be my new cat eye glasses  not funny sha 
Someone tweet 
Fuck.. Someone stole my music player.. I was out of car for just 30 seconds and its gone.. 
Argh! Someone has stolen my face 
dicTASHion and danzo are bored outta their brains listening to 11 minute long speeches!!! Someone save us  .. love you danzo!
is mad. Someone stole the man head from my front yard. I WANT IT BACK! It's cursed.  I'm going to die now.
Somebody please save the polar bears! 
Somebody please save the polar bears! 
Someone make me a cofffeeeeeee......  
I dont get twitter  Someone help me!
I'm trying to figure out how on earth I am supposed to be able to update my statuses via my phone. Someone help meeee! 
@dsml dont depress me  I have the mother-in-law staying the weekend. Someone else to wait on other than the kids!
Why can't I make a phone call! I hate this anxiety crap. Someone cure me 
Somebody buy me a plane ticket home!! I miss my girl... 
i keep reading contracts as cataracts... Someone should bring me panera 
Somebody get me out of work tomorrow. 
I don't want to sit at home on prom night. Someone hang out with me 
Someone update me with the scores  nba.com is loading too slow for me.
What is everyone doing? Someone come play on omgpop.com with me 
@gnutel0 Wasn't mine - was a cow-orkers. Someone bumped into him and it flew out of his hand 
Two police cars, a fire truck, and an EMS truck, just showed up in front of my patio.. Someone is having a bad night it looks like 
Someone who has marinated in perfume is following me 
UNCLASSIFIED Someone scratched my TV  grumble grumble...
Someone has stolen my kitten. 
One down fall.. Someone who I thought was my close friend us loosing me and my faith and trust. 
Someone's snoring and I can't sleep in 
 Really worried for my mom's safety. Somebody fix violence in the world, please. Thx.
 Really worried for my mom's safety. Somebody fix violence in the world, please. Thx. (via @majidrazvi)
Unexpectedly crazy busy day... Agh!! Someone is going to be so pissed at me but I really can't avoid it! 
needs some download tickets! Someone help 
@dupalt You don't want a little box trained female kitten do you??  Someone gave us one and Tommy's trying to hump her constantly 
5''6 - thats not small is it?  Somebody reassure me! 
I WANT some Hellz Bellz. Someone help me! 
Somebody is getting arrested a few houses down the street. I want to go watch but then it would seem like an episode of Cops. 
At work  i needa go home now! Someone textttt
@Taddy69 haha, I didn't. Someone tweeted we are being invaded by giant caterpillers that cause a rash &amp; more. 
has a sick tummy! Feels like I am gonna throw up. This is no fun.  Somebody come comfort me!
Somebody PUSH me in the shower even.....I guess I'll wear a wife beater and my abercrombie pants. I hate gay bars 
Someone here has dyed-to-match shoes in cobalt 
Somebody please locate my bestfriend. 
I should have written a book, published something  Someone's got a broken condom in the maze.
I am combating a headache due to smoke inhalation. Someone down the street decided to have a campfire, and the smoke came in here 
@myrika_fp Seriously? Wow, they just keep going on. Someone needs to hide the sugar from them. 
Someone ate all the strawberries. How sad is that. 
Someone needs to go on msn before I die. 
@JammieAdams Somebody got killed there last night 
adult swim, bud light, and cosmo mag...kind of a lame saturday night. Someone come visit me 
Someone isn't following me anymore 
Someone's fire alarm is going off 
Seven more hours of work  bored ! Someone text me keep me occupied  x
I need couple 12ft-ish ethernet cables. Someone hook me up free? in MD I'd just make my own. 
@sarah__rose I wish they weren't doing Use Somebody. Having seen the rehearsal I feel like I don't need to watch the show 
I'm wearing a dress. Someone please save me! Stupid sister is making me wear it for family pictures 
Still got major allergies but I just wanna crawl back into my bed &amp; go 2 sleep.  Someone come tuck me in!
@zard going to be a tad longer then expected. Somebody just got into the shower. 
Ok so the religion when the lady has to cover up and u can't see anything but her eyes in 90 degree weather! Someone please explain? \ 
Ok so twitter says &quot;that's a nice picture!&quot; And I see no picture. Someone help me haha 
All I want is sleep but noooo we lock doors here. More comp labs for me. Someone should be around soon. Maybe. 
At edmonds park. Somebody save me! 
OK I seriously need to stop reading climate doom articles/web pages now. Someone tell me how to take ACTION before I start to cry 
My dinner consists of a ham sandwich and pretzels  Someone bring me some good food, please.
Dead cat on the side of the road... Someone laid it out on its side so it looked like it was sleeping peacefully. So sad 
Somebody @ this new table is MUSTY as HELL!!!  
How do your change your profile pic on twitter?? Someone respond please. 
Why can't you have extra arms to tie yourself up? BDSM is cruel to single girls  That is my sadface. Someone make it a happy one~
Terms over I see  bus packed and in this weather! Someone is missing the lynx effect
Somebody make the speed post tracking work please 
Srsly not in the mood to sleep. I feel like dancing on my roof o_O  tossing in bed. Someone txt me and put me to sleep.
@Courtney_J_  Someone you knew well?
Someone un-followed me 
Somebody please bring me a digital radio so I can listen to 1xtra 
Another great session last night, but I'm so tired  Someone pray that I don't fall asleep on the job today...
Someone stole my parking spot. 
I'm sick AGAIN! This is not a good week for a cold. Someone is definatly out to get me. 
@katriord here it is http://tinyurl.com/lpdbpl  I'm a little bummed. Someone joined at the 11th hour and is now far in the lead   thanks
Somebody saw my voice? Somebody??? I lost it... 
Somebody follow me. This is so sad. 
Watching 1408 before going into work. Someone ate my leftover omelet and I had to make a new breakfast 
Just finished my run/walk....I'm hungry as shit!  Somebody feed me 
@DanjahOne Tell me about it!! Someone is going to feed me just to shut me up at work today!! 
thinks she is way overdue for a reading. @c0llide? @salamangkiero? Anyone? Also, is Mercury Retrograde over yet? Someone please say yes. 
Someone quick, put me out of my mizeryyy 
I'm losing it. Locked myself out. Someone help  call pls
So I didn't get the manager position. Someone with more experience did 
Ugh so hungry... Someone bring me food 
My good mood has worn off  Someone say something funny.
Hurtin too freakin bad  left my pain killers at the boys house. Someone shoot me
Someone bring Reilly back to me. 
I wanna fuckin die!!!! Someone plz do me the favor and kill me!!  fml
I may just take a break from myspace, idk yet. Someone make me stop thinking about this. 
Someone stole my cat 
I'm meant to be studying..... Someone save me   http://mypict.me/2kne
wants to watch ''My Sister's Keeper!''. (: Someone call me, I need loving. 
Joggin around Harada park... Someone come jog with me  I need motivation DAMMMIT! http://myloc.me/2kBZ
My hand looks like a balloon. A bruisey cutty scabby balloon. Dogs bite hard.  Someone bring me an ice pack and a veggie sub pretty pl ...
I still can't get updates to go to my phone  Someone help me!
http://twitpic.com/6g5rp - I really, really miss my long hair.  Someone needs to share my secrets in my hair for it to grow!
Somebody must have given me their cooties. 
Meltdown. Someone help me fix Illustrator, PLEASE! 
Someone talk to me.  besides you.
I'm back!! Someone had hacked my site so my link was showing up as malware  Thanks to the twitter peeps for getting it sorted so quickly!!
http://twitpic.com/6gbbq - Someone is tired, I miss him already 
Worked out heavy weights. Someone came in to mess up my alone time   http://twitpic.com/6ghru
My ceiling is caving in!    Somebody help!
I hate tow companys . Someone was in my spot 
no! I have to go now  Someone record it for me!
Why did I ever start watching the OTTBs?  I just can't do it yet.    Somebody make me turn it OFF.
I'm so huuungry! Dx Someone feed meee. 
@HeavyBaby Somebody def didn't call me back the other day. . .I cried. 
I'm not feeling up to myself today. I've been doodling thought bubbles all morning. When I'm sad, I doodle.  Somebody help me 
Someone entertain me because @DonoDollars aint doing it lmaoo 
Someone feed me some food pls 
oh so sick.     Somebody save me.
we choose our actions. Someone sending their horse to the doggers is a choice they made and find excuses why they made it to feel better. 
scared out of my mind!!! Someone just tried to break into my car!!!  
This week is seemingly getting longer by the second...Someone please fetch me a sedative so I can slumber my way 'til her return!    SIGH.
ffffffffff. Someone stole my pen. 
is going to take a cat nap, then off to MAMBO... to fight the bad day today! I hate work to the core... really...  Somebody save me!
@sarahgray666 yep. Someone died climbing them apparently so now they are fully locked up. 
Somebody cheer me up please  x
Somebody broke ehow 
Having a shitty day  People are fucking bothering me way too much. Someone cheer me up 
My computer froze. Someone text me? 
I just said &quot;hot mess&quot; in all seriousness. Somebody please kill me. 
Someone save me 
@Zeenat_x @rkb09  I knoww..I lovee it =D Wannaaa go summertime ball and hear beat again liveee  Someone best record a good version !
Disappointed..thought 3x the charm to finally meet @NKOTB! Someone else one the Backstage passes on the radio.... 
Someone start a converstion... bored. 
Somebody took the last piece of cake 
 no milk  black coffee today. Meanwhile what I'm earth has happened to fudges bed. Someone must have had a restless nite sleep.
Somebody stole my drive thru tube 
Someone's nicked my sunglasses off my desk 
Arghh stranded!! Somebody with a car come and rescue me 
Somebody in my neighborhood has a smoker goin'. And it's not me.  
Working missing mini ! Someone come save meeeeeeeeee 
Somebody pass me the fucking shoe polish !!!! *deep sigh* 
So bored at work! Someone burn the mall down  or send a shitload of people to buy stuff at fye and entertain me!
Everytime I eat I feel so nauseous. Someone make me feel better 
Someone cheer me up 
Somebody left the gain on the microphone too high...overdriving the head!  #NASCAR
Ughhhh. Someone please put me out of my misery. 
@BONESgirl28 I know! Someone's posted the season 1 bloopers on YouTube, but I want my own set! 
Someone come take care of me  i hate being siick!!!! blahhh
Darn! Someone ate the left over cheese cake! 
Someone come cuddle with me 
Someone add me on msn  I have to wait for my laundry to finish n I got nothin to do 
ahhh I can't sleep. Somebody sing me a lullaby or something 
I'm so bored  Someone please talk to me!!! I'm so bored, I hate when theres nothing to do 
Someone ate all my chocolate 
you all know whats funny, Someone is going to decide to go drinking after I take my first vic, and cant drive, WATCH its gonna be my luck 
at a party but i got bored so now im upstairs watching tv. I am terribly bored. Someone text me or something. 
For the love of Someone; still no Prototype... Apparently they have it, but aren't allowed to sell it until the 12th 
So much for Irish good weather, it could only hold itself for a week; raining like hell again. Someone have incontinence up there 
@BlackenAmbaa Someone reversed into me in a car-park in Bristol they shouted abuse at me, scruffle &gt; Court 
Hunger, pain, hunger, pain ... pain and pain.   Someone is there morphine?
Starbucks wasn't open @ 5:30 a.m. when I drove up  Someone please call or write throughout the day to make sure I stay coherent. Thnk you
Someone talk to me 
So I set my alarm to late and now I don't have time for my run!  is it bad that I don't mind ... Someone come make me breakfast ;)
I have a headache and feel slightly sick. I need sushi!! Someone get me some sushi!! 
Someone come visit me 
What? Someone already took the user ID DiamondJames on Skype 
Worst day ever. Someone get me out of this 
My eyes hurt. Gahhhh. I don't want to go to work. Someone rescue me? 
In the car with the parentals and my sister im dying!! Somebody anybody text me!! She is killing me softly 
Going to get a battery. Someone came with me! I'm scared of autozone on my own! 
Somebody tlk to me please 
Somebody broke my camera!!!  http://post.ly/lrT
So bored.  Somebody talk? x
Not feeling too well  tummy ach. Someone take care of me?
Someone take me to new york 
Somebody hold me 
@ amber's   really wanting to go see my boyfriend.  Someone take me to peru please  
@susieqtpie Aw man! Somebody posted that if you post it for the next 4.5 hours you have a chance at an ipod.  #silkfair
He is making my fucking head spin.. Someone make him stop doing this to meeee..    but outtie w. astahl-- luv my bestfriend
@shellistevens Someone stole my Treay-shuyraah. 
Someone needs to green mile this sickness out of me, its making me mad, I just want to celebrateee.. 
Somebody is having fun without me... 
@itshanni3 LOL! Someone told me to use em rather than pt. I love my goddamn pt. 
Someone talk to me please i am tripping out so much.... 
http://bit.ly/6FLIq  ....Someone tell me this is a good song! i think its siick and noone will listen to me 
I want my morning coffee! But i'm out of coffee!!! Damnit... And the stores near me are closed!  Someone give me a cup, i need it!
Somebody kill me now....im hungover, tired, and bored out of my mind! 
Someone come take care of me.....  ugh.
I've got 8 hours of sleep and I'm still sleepy.   Somebody give me some energy!!  please.....
I showered, got dressed, and I'm ready to go, but everyone in my house is snoring. I want pancakes! Someone rescue me please. 
Feeling so fed up. Someone get me outta here please 
Someone talk to meeeeeeeee 
Getting ready for work nao.   Someone come see me.
ahh. i'm getting sick  Someone make me chicken noodle soup.
is so super ill, it's ridiculous.  Ugh!!  Someone...help meee!!    ...ugh.
Somebody stole my bike! 
Somebody wont stop hitting and screaming!!!! 
My tummy hurts  Someone be a doll and text me what time and what channel the laker game is please.
I feel like crap! Ahhh major headache!  Someone cheer me up???
Someone come make chicky for us  lol
Somebody that laughs loud is at my house, I want to go up stairs but I so  scared 
Two jobs  Someone kill me.
My stomach is killing me. I'm in and out of the damn bathroom right now. Somebody put a bullet in my head, please? 
I hate being phoneless  Someone donate me a Verizon phone!
@thediamondsky @hepburns Someone once told me the grass was much greeener on the other side. Well I paid a visit.. ran out of characters 
Somebody put me out of my misery 
@Dreelamb Someone just told me they are rioting  is it true?
What happened to my background picture? Somebody changed it without my permission. 
curled up on the couch watching 'The Hills' season 1. I feel so sick. Someone cheer me up 
Up w. @juuuiicyz mad EARLY. Someone tell me wtf I have my dot 
@sethsimonds Did someone take sethsimonds? Someone took my name.  I have to be alexandra.c.gibson. I guess I snoozed so I lose.
 I've gotta stop eating. Someone take all this food away, please.
OMFG!!!! I lost my lyrics notebook and folder!!! I'm freaking out here, that is all my work there!!!! D: Someone is gonna kill me!!! 
Ah! Someone peed all over the floor 
Is pissed off, can't believe I'm still here. Someone come and collect me and make me smile 
got a nice $3,000 check in the mail..too bad it was one of those scam things  Someone send me that kind of check for real please!
This week is looking to be a bad one. Someone save me! 
@Fruitbaby That's not fair! Someone stole your name 
Bored  Someone talk to me PWEASE? hehe
Someone bring me some chocolate or Donughts please 
has had the shittiest weekend  Someone cheer little Travis up.. http://plurk.com/p/116q8n
uhh I'm soo boreedd  Someone put me out of my misery 
Somebody's dog fell off the pier and drowned 
@BackRhoades Somebody named sexxxvideoclips &amp; Hot4U are following me.. 
Somebody just Dropped her iphone and cracked the screen pretty bad and it's me 
Someone give me $60 
I'm so tired but I can't fall asleep - does that make any sense? Grrr! Someone sing me a lullaby or read me a fairy tale  lol
Awww! Someone is sad they have carseat hair  http://twitpic.com/7isie
@zarchasmpgmr Aaaaand, now I'm back. Someone wanted me on it bad enough to tell me &quot;f u&quot; so I reactivated it. I am a slave to interwebs 
HELLO KITTYYYYYYYYY edition @ glasskat    &amp; free hookah    this thursday. Someone take me!!
Someone talk to me please? I cant seem to rest.. 
Somebody help me! i'm so bored!!   ........damn.
@Starrfire7 Someone took &quot;Serenity.&quot; 
Eek! Someone naughty has taken my business credit card number, getting new card but might have scuppered my iphone 3gs pre-order 
Why the hell is there NO jobs in Leeds? And everywhere wants experience. I;m screwed. Someone employ me 
I'm depressed and little mopey today.    Someone mind cheering me up a bit? I could use it.
In &quot;Interpersonal Skills&quot;. Someone please talk or I may just die 
Sims 2 addict... i know i'm slow! Someone get me Sims 3 
Somebody turned TV off  What should I do? It's so boring at home
http://twitpic.com/7jmsh - My man hand with cat scratch. Someone said I have a Y chromosome somewhere in there 
Home alone! Someone come keep me company. 
My car says it's 35 outside. It's windy but it's like a hairdryer to the face. It's like hell. Someone stop it pls 
I'm sick  Someone take care of me?
Decided to try out twitter!!!! I am following 9 people but have 0 followers.  Someone be my friend..
No fever today! But still stuffy and coughing a lot. Someone come take care of me 
Somebody get @SongzYuuup some tea or something...  and some orage juice cause my baby sound sick ::tear::
Ahhh it's not on urbandictionary. Someone tell me what swagnanamous is  please?
@RadioRose Someone told me I type so hard that it sounds like &quot;I'm making popcorn.&quot; 
I just saw someone playing the ghostbusters game at best buy... Someone please buy it for me! 
is too hot. It's too hot in here. Someone save me please. 
I got my fella sick.   Someone put me on an island alone!  WACK
http://twitpic.com/7kpb9 - Somebody hit my truck 
some hoe hit my mom's car in the parking lot of the grocery store. Somebody got the license plate # for her though. 
Still at computer orientation. Someone please shoot me &amp; put me out of my substantial misery. 
@MonsterManor Someone should meet me outside so I don't get lost at 7 pm. 
Is sad  i miss my guys  goodnight twitter - twilight word. Someone for http://flowpattz.wordpress.com
BORED! Someone txt me 
Someone got off the bus too early. 
My vista sound card or something is broken.  A pc without sound it no fun. Somebody fix it for me. 
Somebody... Anybody... PLEASE come and keep me company at work  I am working with my evil manager. You can study! Bring your laptop! Pls!!
Please note underscore in my name. Someone grabbed the other and isn't using it but @twitter won't give it to me.    #squarespace #trackle
@W1F1 Someone just told me to get one in an AT&amp;T store, you'd have to have preordered to ship to the store last week. 
Flu, vertigo, cramp.. What a nice compilation... Someone get me a kiranti, please? 
FUCK! Someone threw my new bottle of face wash away! D:&lt; wtf?!?!  my poor face....
Insomnia graces us with its presence once again tonight...how long will he stay this time? Someone talk to me 
Someone bring me food 
Somebody lives at my other house I cant go lie on the grass anym0re  or sneak in..
FUUUUUUUUCK. Someone I was hoping to snipe a name from logged in yesterday. 
I dont want to be on my own in the house while I get ready..  Someone come and sit with meeeee?!
Every night lately, I'm suffering with terrible insomnia. Someone @ reply me a cure. I need help  I need to sleep...
Just had tennis. Someone made me angry 
@maximumswearing I have double booked a room.  Someone is going to be upset and mad with me 
My jaw hurts like hell  Someone kill it for me, prz?
Someone stole my cheese 
Another blazing day in H-town. Somebody send us a cold front! 
Ugh i really don't want to work today. Someone get me a new job 
I'm the only girl in my office. Somebody has cologne that smells like celery. 
So quick update about &quot;Remeber me&quot; set today - Someone who is there just said that it is all inside shooting today &amp; u cant see a thing 
Somebody's a sad panda   http://mypict.me/49wC
I dont think im going anywhere today. I am beyond tired and i feel ill. Someone come visit and rub my back 
Someone just called me ma'am 
At work hardly working. Someone should come visit me. Kinda lonely. 
Somebody told me I disappear when I turn sideways. 
@copydiva I miss you. Someone needs to keep me in line.   #mhsmc
Someone needs to warm me up 
I want a Russian hat  Someone find a store that sells them for me lol.
Somebody send me a picture text message cuz I don't think it's coming thru 
Still awake! Someone is heavy on my mind 
I wanna see the cab so bad! Someone take mee! 
@peterfacinelli Someone could easily photoshop one of those screenshots, couldn't they?... And then it would be an unfair victory... 
Just walked by the mirror and noticed how much my hair has grown. Now I want to cut it. I'm thinking bangs. Someone stop me  ...
It's a sad picture. The final blow hits ya. Somebody else gets what you wanted again. 
Someone be proud of meeeeee. #emo 
Needs a new spare key person... Someone more reliable. 
Someone opened my mixtrade 
I am in iphone backup hell! Someone please tell me why it has to take over an hour (so far, not done yet!) to backup my 8gb iphone? Ahhh! 
#spymaster Someone just assassinated me 4x in a row.  That shouldn't be allowed. Wish I had some flying monkeys to sic on them! #partyfoul
Re; my last tweet, mr burns.... Someone just told me 
Watching tv with miss madre.  Someone save me. ;)
Chilling at soul sessions w/ @empress_ccp @samsneaker @shayscene @scrapye ...  Someone is missing its _____  &amp; @inaturalcheche dang 
@sharonlynee stop rubbing it in  when u gonna upgrade, so I can get urs? Somebody clowned me 4 having a pc a few weeks ago. Hurts my soul
Where did the sun go!   Someone move re clouds
@diamondhead94 Someone should really give them a clue, I would go out and do it. But I don't think I'd win, even with your 2x4 
Ayone need a kitty?? Someone left her here in a box!!! 
Someone's mad at me..  I think you misunderstood me.
@chicagostyle Someone replied to me it got cancelled 
my cottonpinkbaby1 is nowhere to be found on earth,how?! Someone send me GPS to track him! 
hey! Someone wanna talk I'm bored and sad.. 
My throat hurts like hell already, especially when I cough *sobs* Someone make me tea? 
Someone talk to me? 
Somebody please shoot me?! I hate summer break... 
My logic is so warped. Someone shares good news and everyone is like &quot;Yaaay!&quot; but I am thinking &quot;Booooo!!!&quot; 
 office coffee is no starbucks. Somebody bring me and americano asap!!! I am going to get all emo cause of this haha
@CherylHarrison: Someone stole the carbs off of my 1980 Kaw Kz1000. not in the wind =  #thingsthathavetowait4morepaychecks
Someone smoke me out 
Somebody had too much fun at Bonnaroo...or is it foul play?  http://bit.ly/muhdT
Someone get my a sandwich for a $1.  
Someone send me a sign....I'm here all alone twittering on and on and on and on.......  
http://twitpic.com/7qar8 - Someone made a stinky.... 
Someone stole my umbrella at the bank!  
Oh my god. Someone stop my dad before my legs snap. 6 hours of walking and my feet kill 
Come on, not a single question of the week for tomorrows podcast? I feel let down  Someone must have some idea
I'm wallowing.  Someone stole my MAC makeup and cosmetics bag at the gym.  
@m_weber Aw thanks Michael! I think its my comp.'s setting. Someone from my office went through all the settings w/me, but still no luck 
Wow. Someone I was pretty close to growing up died yesterday of breast cancer she didn't tell anyone about until the end. Left 2 kids. 
Someone bring me some food. 
@paul_steele u alright paul? Someone steal fr ur charity? that's bloody horrible 
I left my debit card at home. Someone come to the mall and feed me. 
I am not a late night person but all I hear is ringing.  ringringringring! Somebody get the darn door already!
Someone lend me their legs.  mine are sore and tired. 
Serious with this headache??? Somebody cut my head off!!! 
Drinking chocolate soy milk! MMMMM. Someone ate my chocolate bar!! 
FINALLY out of Italian Consulate and I'm wicked tired. Someone teleport me home. Missed IMAN's soiree though   Waaaa
I'm so NeW 2 DiiS twiitter crap ii DoN't even KnO how 2 send priivate messages..Somebody help {ME} plzzz 
In the car... Someone give me ideas... I'm lost 
Somebody hacked my facebook acct. And erased all my friends 
more work in 11 hours.    Someone comfort me, lol.
Someone just called me a dork 
Someone in the bathroom #fail 
Sometimes, Someone comes along and makes you forget someone else REMEMBER: They're not better, They're just different 
I need to walk my dog but I really can't be bothered but he needs a walk.  Someone do it for me.
Someone talk to me 
Maly khilg I get out of bed! Someone plz pull me 
Someone or somethin just tried to get into our cabin 
getting ready for work. God I do not want to be up this early!!! Someone just shoot me! 
Oh lordy. I'm starting to tweet lovey songs. Someone help my poor heart. This feels so wrong...yet so right...blah. I'm torn. 
Somebody just said i have a mouth, that looks like a vagina.  how gross
@jo_santos Someone remarked profile pic had a naughty glint  Not true, right?
Desperately required: Someone to give me a back massage. I hurt something serious 
Someone stole my whiteboard marker  
Ughhh....Somebody dropped a bomb in the ladies room 
Someone tied my shoelaces together when I was sitting down.  So not cool.  
Somebody talk 2 me.... 
arghh its so quiet and boring tonight...Somebody help me 
Somebody sub to me on youtube, I have no subs   www.youtube.com/ipodmysteryman
Grrrrrrr I wanna go hoooome  Someone save my sorry ass!
Our branch has been burgled.  Someone came in and took our projector and amplifier 
I want a sketchbook...   Someone other than myself should see my thoughts, so I wanna start drawing them...
Somebody did something to my pizza 
Ugh, I need a new computer for gaming. Somebody should figure out how I can get a free one. 
driving by tito's tacos. Someone help me curb the craving 
I repeat, I hate twitterberry!!!!! Somebody fix my Uber. 
Dam. drunk, bout to hop on this bike. Someone come get me 
I need a job! Someone hire me. 
@Wastntime Someone contacted HB and they said that it would not be taped.    Hopefully we'll get home videos...  I take Topamax.
@savagediana Oh no  .. I do wish you a speedy recovery ! Also, men are pigs /true story .. Someone there staring at you ?
Crawling into a bottle, never coming out!  or not waking up... Someone shoot me &lt;/3
I'm mad, I'm tryna upload this pic of me and candy scared, lol, and it aint workin! Somebody help me! 
I am sick and resting with brit and her momma  Someone bring me a lot of love and comfort food...
I am very annoyed and disenchanted with the whole male sex right now. Someone please come along and restore my faith in them. 
Someone jacked my chair  lol
Someone stole my popsicles 
Ohdamn I think I just fell in love with @SongzYuuup. Someone help. 
To Someone who I haven't talked about all day *okay once*, but didn't see today  :
Someone got my nickname already  anyway it's really hot here...
gitosis is hard.  The documentation is inconsistent and skips steps.  Someone who knows the process could probably grok easier 
Somebody help me please 
So I went to go get some water and I hit my big toe. Now it's bleeding like crazy!!!! Somebody help lol 
Eyes burn yet I cannot sleep.  Someone tell me a fairy tale or something, quick! 
Ui!! Somebody has turned on the heat already... 
Sooo it's really sucks how there is absolutely no food in my house. Someone should bring me some! I'm too poor. 
just had a bad shower lol. Someone else decided to use the hot water, and I got shampoo in my eye.  Hahahaa.
his legs r soo pale.god someone go to walmart and get him some jergens tanning lotion: Someone in twifans wrote this 
Not sleeping and I'm dancing all day tmo and possibly going to a party at night too =O Someone get me ice cream and say goodnight 
@Whagi_The_Gamer Someone spamming the whole forum with the same post about how to glitch and get free xbl  I count atleast 14 threads.
Today is not a good day for me. Someone very close to me hurt my feelings. 
Someone apparently liked my turquoise huffy more than me 
Somebody save me 
Somebody died at work today 
Crying ...  My boyfriend &amp; I just got in a stupid argument &amp; its really messed up ... Someone hold me in your arms ]:
Just got divorced from mouse. Someone hold me 
Someone come keep me company 
Somebody please pull me out of my mood 
.. all of my friends are working tonight.  Somebody make some plans with me. 
ok this film is seriously freaking me out. Someone come change the channel for me 
Well fancy that... Someone just shot and won the pool... All the notes are gone 
Someone save me 
I feel like I'm about to pass out, and I've stilll got another 4 hours of this. Someone please switch places with me. 
Someone come take care of me.  I'm so sicky 
Omg O.o there are two huge moths in my room!!! One on my wall and one behind my curtain. Someone come save me 
Someone does not love me 
@ShakeenaSantara Someone smashed my car window to get my GPS. They were watching me, because it wasn't out in the open. 
How to skip calibration screen on #palm #os ? Somebody help me 
Listening to every Anberlin song ever... random.  Bored out of my mind.  Someone kidnaaaaaap me 
These numers and letters are all mushing together! Someone save me 
Somebody cheeer me up 
Somebody save me  I hate workin' the door.
Someone cheer me up 
Somebody put nuclear mines on the other side of the stargate 
Somebody ran over a little puppy. It's laying in the highway. Dead.  that just ruined my good night.
@pearsonified Someone spammed your becoming a celeb post on ur site. I got 24 mails this morning. Sorry to give you bad news. 
@eryckhappiness Someone has to. 
I just want to have a friend. Someone who knows me and my feelings. Someone who knows that I want to have a baby...someone who just love 
Somebody stole the alien off my lawn and replaced it with a frog... stupid kids on my street are growing up, becoming jerky teens 
I am NOT feeling it today. I'm completely useless. Somebody helppppp. I've been staring at my computer for 3 hours with nothing to show. 
I think I spoke 2 soon abt my (non) sickness  sometimes I think I'm stronger than I actually am. Someone baby me!!! I don't feel good..
Someone come with me to my tattoo apt at 530 
@UryaV Someone in my msn list has had that quote in his/her name for AGES 
I need a ride home and no one is answering  Someone get me out of this fucking town!
Put in a full day of babysitting grown men, now back to hotel before dinner and then more work on briefing slides. Someone hold me. 
Tomorrow's final is gonna be KILLER! Someone save me! Or at least pray for a miracle! 
Somebody please give this cat a home. I'm way allergic.  http://mypict.me/54YG
It's gym day but I'm so sleepy  Someone tell me I should go.
Too much homewooork!  I don`t wanna doooo theeeem! ( Somebody help meee! ( @DavidArchie, do my homework for me! lol kidding! )))))))
I'm starving  Someone feed me!
So bored at work!!! Someone come visit me!! Tryin to go to the dominican for my cousins wedding but its not lookin to good  short notice
Somebody got fries at lunch again and it's making my tummy rumble.  
I still want to see the Jonas Brothers, and I found row 3 tickets! Someone go with me 
Someone pour water on my mac and now it won't work 
I'm an attention whore. I want people to pay attention to me all the time. I'm needy today. Someone pay lots of attention to me 
Somebody out there in twitter-land talk to me! I'm losing my mind with boredom! 
Flying @jetblue for the 1st time in awhile. Like the legroom. Someone put gum in the seat pocket; now all over my manila folder and work! 
@quantumelody  Somebody needs a fact-checker with better googlemancy skills.
Somebody needs to figure out how to unlock the sidekick 08' so we can install the twitter application of sidekick lx  
@trica Sorry, didn't see you there.  Someone flashed on for a sec. and then was gone when I clicked to join the room.  
@katem3 cheer up, beautiful. Someone like you should never feel down. 
Hates being on campus so much. Someone come save me 
Parched ... So hot walking home - might not make it ... Someone call 911 
Irritated as fuck man!  Someone hug me.
Somebody knows about #C++ and #C++Builder on linux, BuilderX? where? I think it was an ideia in past. now dead! 
I have tonsillitus and an ear infection  Someone make me smile?
In line for Transformers. People are already here waiting haha. Someone get here soon! I'm all alone 
I clicked to see who the new followers are and I'm about to cry.....It wont go away  Someone help me out.
Someone hacked in to MerikStudios I am trying to get him back 
@larrysullivan Just had to bail at the last minute. Someone in the extras pool gave me a cold. A-holes. 
I stumbled upon jstar's twitter somehow and actually read a few tweets and now I think I've become semi-retarded. Someone please help me. 
@newspaperg0wn Wait, what? Someone got mugged? ...I wish you'd stayed. They had a party after, but it was too awkward to stay alone. 
I just want to be held..  Someone please just hold me, pet my head/cock and love me. Even douchebags need tenderness people.
Twittering in my bed  xD | Someone made me yesterday confused 
Somebody took my favorite chair in the office.. [ irritated  ]
@NevaLucas Apparently the pictures are from the series LOST-Google and you'll find video of the scene. Someone is really sick to do this! 
Somebody just heated up a dead fish in the communal microwave. We've opened ALL the windows in the office. 
According to a Facebook quiz, my mental age is 43  Someone fetch me my pipe and slippers...and a nice warm blanket...
I hate looking for a job!! It's annoying and taking ages! Someone give me a job! PLEASE!! I am a good worker, it's just not fair! 
[contd] I rephrase the question - &quot;Do you want to take this fwd?&quot;. She replies &quot;Yes&quot;. Someone please explain what just happened. I'm lost 
Somebody help me... I'm so tired... 
So sick. Someone look after me please!!!!! 
Nobody is here? Someone want to talk with me? 
common denominator of my last two not-feeling-well-moments, OYSTERS!  Someone tell me what to do because i don't want to stop eating them 
Yoville's buggy today  Someone call an exterminator.
O good lord, I have to learn how to use Castor. And I don't mean the sugar. Someone please kill me 
common denominator of my last two not-feeling-well-moments, OYSTERS!  Someone tell me what to do   (via @mwfishman) if good place, allergy
The wonders of coding; Change nothing, and suddenly nothing works! Somebody must have changed something when I wasn't looking.. 
Someone has put a hit out on me  Not that that's new. I look forward to the income ;) #zombieninja
There is absolutely nothing in my house to eat. Someone bring somethinggg 
http://twitpic.com/8dnxy - Someone stole all our beer last night 
Starving. Someone please bring me something to eat 
Is awesome  i do believe you're all jealous. But i sorta dont wanna go to dancing tonight. Someone else drive me?
Becky and I are at my house, now. Someone went and sat on our hill and ruined our picnic - bastards. We're sat munchin' now! 
@OFlame  stop makin me producherblush..lol! ...yes I've heard of her..   Someone wud still need to lace the tracks.. she only produces.
@PaulaBrett but do the Yanks understand gob as well. Someone on the WF wrote bog instead of blog and they didn't understand it 
Wow, spring break is just so exciting in Rochester. Someone come take a vacation with me 
Somebody ask mimi if i can come over. 
@AnimeGoddess BWAHAHA Cahla! Someone should give them boxers with the letters N K O T B on them  maybe in indy?
Sitting around doing nothing is so much more depressing when it's rainy! Someone make the bad weather stop!  
I am writing today. But I want to be out in the sun. Somebody please dsitrub me! 
Someone stole my seat!  http://twitpic.com/3lbwy
@NovaKnitter DOES sound like a perfect day.  Someone else cooking is always a bonus 
Somebody's got Twitterberry  sweet!!!
Use Somebody. 
@lisalent Hooray! Someone who agrees with me about the weather. 
@dwarlick Someone told me if you stop getting nervous when presenting then your presentation isn't fresh 
@seetickets Oh, thanks for that! Someone I know said they'd already got theirs, so I was a bit worried there. Cheers for the update! 
And now I'm going on a little trip...... also I found a couple or rainbow colored eggs. Someone doesn't know what the rainbow stands for. 
Someone tweet me  im boreddddd
Does someone have to follow you in order to see your comments to them?? Someone let me know puhleaassee 
Surrounded by loud people. I dont think they sleep. Someone was knocking on thd door next to me at 7:00 this morning for 30 minutes. Megs 
@scottRcrawford Hah! Someone from the next room in my house shouted &quot;what's so funny&quot; &amp; I said &quot;just laughing at @scottRcrawford's reply&quot; 
@avocadocreation Someone in your neighborhood must know you're a softy. 
About 2 get another tattoo!!! Somebody stop me, this shit is addictive 
Somebody please make a tweetdeck application for iphone. Pretty please 
I'm bored. Someone entertain me 
time to relieve stress at the gym!! Someone should write speeches, take exams and do research for me 
LOL!!  I'm glad I've seen the original trailer or that wouldn't have made sense     Someone certainly went to a lot... http://bit.ly/A0pyr
@pureelite Thankss  Someone sent me another text this morning saying happy birthday, was from that number I told you about last night LOL
@SnappyTouch Someone hardcoded 650mb into my brain back in the 90s 
Goooosh! Someone payed my LastFM subscription  ^^
Why is @MRCRISIS scared or @Mskatrina25 lmao.. Someone pls tell me!! 
Make your choice they say you've been pleading. Someone save us. @myhaloromance 
@pfchangs http://twitpic.com/4t5nk - They look delicious! Someone should teach my dad how to make them 
@Esenkay it doesn't quite work, but I was in a rush.  Someone pointed out that Salo is Finnish. Edler then!
@XGala: Someone *points to self* loves that show 
Immmmm sooo awake! Someone entertain meee! 
This is your morning call. GET UP! Someone just told me that. Ha. 
@HollieChristina Someone told me  &quot;7things and the climb&quot; are also good 
Someone follow me lol 
Someone buy me a stressball 
Use Somebody is currently my favorite song 
Home. i want to be at home. Someone send a cake with a file 
Oh snap i'm running late. Someone will be mad. I'm so ready for this day of fun. .. My ear burns so someone is talkin about me  ha i'm ...
@PoppyD and it's freezing in Studio 4 too -  I have 3 layers on and my nose is cold! Someone turn the lights on pleeeeeeeeeeeeease 
Someone's spying on me... 
Getting some lunch. Someone once told me, if you don't eat you'll die, good reason to take a little work break 
There's an awesome echo in my kitchen. Someone tell JC to come sing in it. 
@jimwolffman It was cool to meet you too man! What's up with ki-work.com? &quot;Service Unavailable&quot;? Someone forgot to pay the hosting 
@ms_riches too much to drink? Someone def had a great wknd. I don't wanna sound like an alki but liquor makes the wknds exciting haha  
@bunnytenenbaum Hey thanks for the tip! Someone's gone to the store for me so they're gonna see if they can find it 
Someone do me a favor andfound it 
@inskidahv Ndah, I'm not in any kind of diet  Someone didn't eat this diet meal and left it at the office hehe.
http://tinyurl.com/dcg8y9 - I want to read the whole thing! Somebody pay for it! 
un protams Kings Of Leon - Use Somebody 
http://twitpic.com/5othq - Someone just called me Ma, must be my new cat eye glasses  not funny sha 
Countdown to the 3 day week end has started. Someone is excaiiiiiiiiiiiiited 
@amblass How'd you lose them???  Someone just STOLE my mail order strips from in front of my front door!  I feel your pain 
@MATT_369 Somebody needs to have a talk with her 
Someone text me 479 926 2219  
Ooooh, at 99 followers. Someone else want to follow me and make it an even hundred? I'm cool...promise. 
I don't know what film to watch? Someone suggest me something gooood. 
@jaredlunde  Aww, but can't you just see the two SNL brothers bopping their heads to &quot;Somebody&quot;?  It's one of those &quot;bouncy&quot; songs.
