Most common words for this cluster:
[('something', 540), ('lol', 19), ('haha', 8), ('feeling', 4), ('p', 4), ('i', 4), ('feels', 4), ('u', 4), ('com', 3), ('ah', 3), ('m', 3), ('ahahaha', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'something', 0.9999544024467468), (u'anything', 0.7425785064697266), (u'nothing', 0.6857814192771912), (u'Something', 0.6753184199333191), (u'what', 0.644880473613739), (u'things', 0.6425017714500427), (u'really', 0.6394627094268799), (u'thing', 0.6373234987258911), (u'somebody', 0.6223053932189941), (u'it', 0.6177933812141418)]





I think im coming down with something. 
@infidelsarecool ugh how depressing.    i want to punch something.
@LOSTmeself ;; uh.. february something, haha!  imy! 
i need something big to happen 
i think i might be coming down with something 
waiting on something...I hate being nervous. I get sick. 
@CassieFX did she eat something bad? 
Waiting for something that I know will never come. 
really really wishes that she had something to eatt. 
@putrilydia why do you always eat something that I really want to eat 
I want to sleep but something just keeps me awake 
@girlmitzi srsly... sounds like something's wrong 
dudde, i hope im not comning down with something. 
@iamDavidMarsh im looking for something annoyingly funny to say to cheer u up, but i got nothin but knockknock jokes. 
I just read something that I really wish I could unread 
Working on something all over again that I forgot to save 
need to eat something 
@calypsominerals I am so sorry  is that from something particular?
Trying to find something to eat for breakfast... we don't have ramen 
@bellarisa  something will surface.
is everybody pissed off at me or something? 
I seriously think something is wrong with me. Ah I'm dying 
@twilightgossip something that's totally not fair is that i live here &amp; i'll never run into them. 
I have a bad feeling something is wrong 
i have done something stupid again! 
@Ameides I would like to do that, but I'm scared that will encourage them to do something worse 
Right, need to do something to make me feel better 
@colettebennett What's go great about it? I watched it and it didn't blow me away. Now I feel as if I'm missing something huge. 
just finished watching why why love, and needs to watch something new 
I'm hungry  have to eat something...
@KoiFishSushi I'm always worried that I'll oversleep if I take something 
@LegalCookie Aw.  I *am* sorry! But to be fair, if you're going to say something like that to me, I'm going to be snide. :-P
Looking for something to do... maybe studying 
 M is bummed. i wish there was something i could do
@jorajo Aw babes! I wish there was something I could do! 
@loopylou15 i need to do something 
@masterballerina I pretty much wasted all of toady  I'm watching the Logies -___-   you should do something fun! something exciting! :O
They're not going anymore  I need something to doooo!
finding something to eat.. i'm starving 
@iMathu never had pinkberry, i had something close but it wasn't that great. 
Wish I had something better to say 
I just went to google something then forgot what it was I was going to google 
I want to write something but I can't.. 
i cant watch something that lags so much 
@amazingphoebe you're not oblivious, i just never show it, not like, when it's over something silly  i want you too kiddo 
@miissnessa i tried, but something happened. sorry 
@laurification it can be really annoying  they should've put it to 200 or something instead..
make her do something about it 
@phantomdata how can you eat something that was just alive  lol
@shiftynit  you're going to get slammed, I can feel it lol BUT you're all twitterfied! I have accomplished something lol
can hear something she shouldn't be listening too.  http://plurk.com/p/suwbx
I'm trying to save something on #pixlr, but it won't save properly.  And I really like it, too.
cut myself when cleaning something and it hurts baddd 
give me something 
@RedVampire i so hoped we would of come out with something but it wasn't to be. 
I need sudafed or claritin or something 
going through something 
That was actually supposed to say something, I dont know why it does this. 
just promised that i'd do something knowing that i wont actually do it  yikes. 
finding something to do and eat..so hungry and bored!! 
A 10 can never be with a 3 a 3 should be with a 3 and a 10 should be with a 10 but i can't help wishing i was something higher. 
.. Is it that it's not meant to be and I'm not supposed to go or something 
I want something to drink but I don't know what 
i feel like i miss something.  what do i miss?  i don't even know 
@ebhhh i dont know  find me something when you find something!!!
@gabanti have you actually written something? 
Still, doesn't see the sense of doing something 
@scoutydude no but he said something horrible to me and it hurt 
@ayankpramudita yeeep  i think there must be something wrong with me, eeeeergh
wants to do something radical...but not sure what that something is. 
and hon....u seemed to have forgotten something. 
I am boored!  I want to do something hahahah 
Wish I had something to do!!! 
@virelangue hey stranger...we used to hang out on occasion! i miss you  can we plan something soon?
losing something so important really does suck 
@PaganVixen it becomes me when i know there has to be something i can do to stop it. 
@missroxieanne Awwww  I know how you feel, hopefully you'll come up with something even better than before.
i just had to walk away from something i helped create, because certain individuals warped it into something nightmarishly unrecognizable 
You want to tell me something. Or something is wrong. Why wont you tell me 
@bogwhoppit everyone is always trying to make something out of nothing rather than just taking something for how it is 
@blackberryman i want to writing something ,but i can only write with Chinese 
something is NOT right 
something bite me 
UGH i hate when i need to google something, and then i forget what it was! i'm sure it was important 
really cba to revise   i need something else to do!
for a little something something and LOL its always just buisness  lol
@xJessxThexMessx always doing something that we're supposed to do without me 
@JoAnnaLGarcia sorry to hear about that!   I know you'll get something even better soon!
definitely dominated but i think i pulled something 
is really sad now because of something that she read. I'm sorry 
I'm hungry, I want to go out and get something...but its too late and dangerous!! 
also, gabe should probably email me back or something.   i get worried too easily!
@MsAKAtainment I know right  but hopefully something comes up though
@Cinderell4 i don't like to see you like this...  there must be something to make you smile...
is trying to find something to do tonight 
I'm sitting around wanting to do something  any ideas?
@BrandonJhon something we all need sometime 
was looking forward to something that might not happen now....i'm very sad.. 
Something about my new job: I'm constantly nervous that I'll do something wrong and get fired. It's so freaking stressful! 
 not sure about something.
I wish I had something fun to do tonight. 
@StrictSplatter i think u sent me something...did I not reply to that?  
could have done with more sleep, i think im coming down with something. 
Looking for something to eat... 
When something appears to be too good to be true it nearly always is.  #fb
@PatsyTravers aww  well  im never well there is always something wrong with me x
@xthemusic you stopped following me  did i do something wrong?
I'm soo bored, I need something to do. 
@azuritetalk Is something wrong? You sound so depressed 
i need something to do 
i hate that feeling when i just *know* something, and i can't explain how or why, and it's something bad 
@Lexasoarousrex aww.  then you can be my something else!
bored  i need to find something to do!?
i want to do something. 
wishing she had something to dooo 
i really want something to do. i am so boredddddd. 
is so bored, I want something to dooo 
@chickman07 I want to do something that you wouldn't like. 
 damn. There has to be something wrong. And its not youu
i wish there was something exciting for me rn  boring.
 just when i was thought i was doing something good
@DeroStar me too  well do something!
Just saw something that made me feel awkward...... 
@JazzyTeeSings What is that? I'm scared to read since I think something will pop up 
Is setting up twitter... now i have to find something interesting to say 
i neeeeeeeeeeeeeeed something to doooooooooooo 
got something important to do...worried about the outcome 
@himmelskratzer  is S up to something then ??? 
I want to do something new! 
I just dropped from my 500  I must be saying something right lol
theres either something wrong with you, or there's something wrong with me 
@AlexxEnglish he blamed something on me  ESOTSM;
I don't like being caught when I'm doing something bad lol and 
I'm afraid that i have something new to trainwreck about. 
need something to hold on.. 
I think I'm coming down with something!! 
Feeling slightly worried! I think I may have said something bad unintentionally!  If so, why do I not think before I speak?!
Feeling slightly worried! I think I may have said something bad unintentionally!  If so, why do I not think before I speak?! I'm rreally
Feeling slightly worried! I think I may have said something bad unintentionally!  If so, why do I not think before I speak?! If I did
Feeling slightly worried! I think I may have said something bad unintentionally! 
aww honestly,,,where is everyone!? have you all been assassinated or something!? 
@urstupiddimples if I could write you something delish to distract you, I WOULD! but I suck 
@MrsBellaCullen ...I think something is going to attack me. 
@paulbeesley I imagined it'd be something like that. 
@BpTheProducer Awww  can u bring me back something!
@thoushaltkissme 8:30  but we should do something when I get off!
somebody say something to me. 
why couldn't I study something profitable in school, not something that I love and interests me...?  
Why would you say something like that to me now you bitch! 
you notice how by simply adding 'lol' to something you say can make it seem much better and not as tense to read.. 
i hate myself. all i have to say....    I never think before I do something... never. I always just do it! that needs to change...
I need something clever to put here 
@Veronicah86 eat something!! 
There is something wrong with my pic. It doesn't show here 
@xXMCR_LadyXx  is something wrong?
@apestillrules it's meant to rain or something right? gutted! 
i don't know what to think or do right now. it's taking far too long! i'm getting bored of waiting for something i may never get! 
I was just going to do something there but I can't remember what.  I hate feeling like this 
i need to tell @SophieeLouise something! 
@JessJubilee I was just near there looking for something to do 
I need something to do. 
I hate it when I tell myself I need to do something, but then I forget what it is 2 minutes later 
Just blogged about something I'm not too proud off. 
I'm missing something. 
Should get out of bed and do something less boring instead, alas only work to to 
@EllieSpence Then you got angry at me about something and stormed off 
I am trying to sign up to firendfeed with twitter but it says something is missing. 
and I wish I had bought myself something........you'd think I would learn  
@robinmeure Was hoping for something like PublishingSite.PagesListName or something similar for normal lists 
is so saddddd........  i want to do something!
I want something new. 
I want to code something!!! 
@bradiewebbstack something wrong bradie?   X
i best go and do something 
and what i say may mean something to you, another thing to someone else, but it doesn't mean that's exactly how i meant it too 
thought she was beginning to relax but feels like hitting something again. 
Sitting here trying to find something to do..  I'm really bored 
I feel like I have so much work to do. I am up and ready for something.. but I don't know what!! 
going to de kitchen to eat something. i'm so sick 
Okaayy, I just found something out and it pissed me off 
@floridasatyrist  I need something 
just found out something sad  GODDDD!!!!!! so mad.
I feel like I'm being punished for something I didn't even do! 
@lrz Did I do something wrong? 
I'm actually quite nervous about something still 
@alexpl411 i don't think that will help!   i think i'll just go to bed or something?
I want to do something tonight but probably wont happen 
I miss football... I need something to be competitive in 
@chandramoore I wish you were here so we could workout together @kynam always has something going on and is too busy to workout with me 
@unroastbeef  i hope i didnt get u sick!  sorry! it could be worse...i coulda gave u something else! lmao
I'll have to find something else to do while it's down. 
@jmsand I'm sorry  hopefully it was something you can laugh about later?
@CityGirl912 something subdued to help you sleep. I'd blip you something if I was on my computer. 
thinking of something to write.. 
@Slaytallica93 dammit, something else i don't watch 
I may have to actually get out of bed and do something now 
i read something that @demetricollins wrote about cedric diggorys funeral  and its really sad, it is
if I could do something 
@TrishToxin awe... I wish there were something more i could do... 
I had something to say. But now I forget. 
@scarboy I'm sure something will come about! also: 
@cathijayne  ... there's never something wrong with you lol
is anxious about something - don't know what  i hate this feeling!
went for something to eat then realise he best not.. lauren may kill me  haha
Just getting something to eat and trying to stay on it but its not much here....got chicken but it not the best 
@mikehamlyn Trying to work on something now but not working 
I wish I could do something tonite. 
@Bigfootkevin charlene is doing something else tonight so she's not coming 
I'd like to hear something, but I don't know what 
i go for something to eat i'm so hungry 
@anarbor @anarbormike @anarboradam @anarborgreg @anarborslade i can't go tonight  let me know if you guys are doing something after
@gunandagirl don't be sad  I'm sure you'll find something!
I need to do something tomm 
just saw something. that something was something i REALLY didn't want to see 
need to do something todayyy, too wet to ride 
is praying against wishing something bad...  
something bad is happening 
ahahaha nofnx. i might catch something 
@JasonKAM ahahaha nofnx. i might catch something 
I want to do something right. I'm so sorry 
@micpena why?!  is there something wrong?.
@GurinderSingh At least you have something to do though 
@omgxitsxmee at least youve had something to eat 
@milkshakex3 btw would you mind doing something to my pic  :$
There's a feeling I get, where I'm not sad, I'm not angry, but something is bothering me. When this happens, I 'cannot' listen to music. 
Just did something really stupid..aiks! 
really bored, wishing i had something to do 
@plainlo it was yummy ! when are we doing something? 
i feel really empty now. like i lost something that cant be replaced. 
just found out something i wish i hadn't 
About to fix something to eat and then homework 
I want to do something!  
probably won't be on until 10 or something like that. gahh. 
@Archielover14 Lol, that's funny. There must be something stopping the Angels! 
I want to do something tonight 
@tommcfly did you eat something bad? 
@gianavel i knew there was something not quite right about you. 
@Donutmaster  I wish I could think of something that would cheer you up.
but still  for missed something
id rather something else though 
soooo bored... want something to do 
I am starting to fade. I think I might be coming down with something 
@erinmusicluver why do you always say something that makes me worry about you? 
@brandonsavage My only regret, is that I didn't type something better. 
@sazk  cold or something?
just spent 2.385 kr. on something that's not even for me!!!!!  buhu!
is revising still... wish i had something more interesting to say, but i do not! 
you realize how important something is to you when it is gone forever 
@luvlinglife I'm sorry  I really want to do something with you tomorrow though
i'm really annoyed right now!! i need something to calm me down!! 
wishing there was something i could do for you  to stay here with me instead of leaving me here alone in the dark 
*cough cough* I think I'm coming down with something maybe. 
you knew that i liked you. why you asked me something like that?  you hurt me baby. really-
should have learned something for english.. but didn't do it 
I have something i want to tell you   @ohkgo
#amazeballs  ... something else I should know, but don't. 
I got stung by something 
sad,,, you wouldn't understand; it's not something you can get 
coming down with something 
@f15crypt I can only imagine how frustrating this is for the two of you...wish there was something I could do to speed it up. 
Feeling like something is missing... I wanna kno what it is 
I think I did something wrong 
 I'm freaking out    ~ I got something to admit ~
@uccello_raro Why do you wish something like that? 
pretty bored i need something to do 
ahh just when i was dreaming something good i have to wake up!  lol
@iheartrachael @ayerad lolololololololololol i think i just mist something good 
something must be wrong 
@charlieskies something wrong? 
@Cassandroar i got you something 
REALLY need something to dooo! 
feels like crying over something that he doesn't understand anything about it 
it doesn't seem right to me.. something is missing and i don't know what it is. 
feels like doing something very stupid 
but he is making me watch I don't know pokemon or something stupid like that + its in spanish so it is even more 
I'm definitely coming down with something. GRRRRR! I hate feelin like this 
I need something to do. I wish Brandtley could drive. 
@jenscloset I know. It's really so sad and something is so wrong with her. 
something's wrong with my tweetdeck. 
Really hope I'm not coming down with something - srsly not feeling good 
@Trish_7 I don't even know... I was doing something, then it hurt 
I just wish I knew if I did something wrong 
I'm cold  I wish I had something to dooooo!
never had so much trouble trying to buy something 
@Ninalicia so I think something is wrong with ubertwitter I might delete it  http://myloc.me/466H
i used to have something like that. 
@AlexaGoesWee porkay   LOL it's like there's always something making you not talk to me rofl
bored. bored. bored. neeeeeeed something to do 
I am so bored! I think I may get back to writing. I hate leaving something unfinished 
I think I srsly pulled something. 
@molz19 now why would they ever do something like that?? 
I need something to do. I am really bored 
@bryanfake ah you suck... i wish i could get something from yogurtworld 
@BadPony i had something really important to tell you 
is missing something... 
if something seems too good to be true...then it probably is too good to be true 
I've lost followers, was it something I tweeted?  Or was it something I didn't tweet? 
I can't breathe, something is suffocating me 
Where do I go? What do I do? I can't deny I still feel something  x
PISSED  I need something to do.
 something's not ok.
@marklwaltz they will usually offer you something to drink while you wait....so ashamed that I actually know that 
I hate wanting something that is sold out 
@erinXxelizabeth something @IdolNews tweeted 
@cantoresteele Noticed you just unfollowed me. I apologize if I did something wrong 
@cantoresteele Noticed you just unfollowed me. I apologize if I did something wrong 
Why do they always find something else wrong? 
@JamesinIT  so sad, but you have something that will bring you much more joy in your future!
i feel like something is wrong with me 
@Rosepins it doesn't work  i think the site crashed or something
@ameliaholt   I'm sad.. I think she hates me or something haha
I was about to tweet something important, then I forgot 
@coxy: why do you never offer something to me?  you hate me, right?
definitely wants something to happen, but knows it just not going to 
 I wake up to something I did not want to read.
Thinking i have something serious. It hurts to get up 
he hasn't looked at me all morning, not even when i cry, its like i've epically failed him, maybe if i eat something he'll be happier... 
All I need to know is something that I'll be missing. 
@jesstapp shorthand is good but something you can hold off on or not do. it's not necessary. i still can't write fast. 
@Raybery  something bothering you?
feels so bad for something that can never and never will happen  http://plurk.com/p/11ywt3
i think i'm coming down with something. Maybe i'm just tired. 
something sad just happened... 
now i feel like i did something wrong 
@mrandyclark its been so long I don't even remember  its a really cool atmosphere though, I'm sure you'll find something delicious!
@Yvonneasaur  idk i hope u come up with something.
@andrewcaravella  i thought we had something
I don't feel tired  there has to be something wrong with me!!!
Resting...I think I got something...Not feeling well.. 
@charltonbrooker i've done something wrong, i'm now tessa sanderson 
@CaraWHY i did not  did you bring something?
maybe im dehydrated or something  #peterfacinelli
@LucasBlack guessed it was something like that 
if i knew what was thumping, i could go get something to eat. 
@freyaclan  something in particular wrong?
Wish I could rant about something right now but it woud be unprofessional 
@watchingsunsets;; and I feel so bad because I was being mean to her.  ) I`ll tell you something weird k.
@neekb if I knew, I would attempt to do something about it, but I am as in the dark as you 
surely I have something to do but tweet and....... 
@DAChesterFrench did you get something to eat? 
ladidadida. i need something to do 
@Hantastik scare it WHERE! it might fly at me or something  do they jump?
@kyliebeach I like it. I'm also doing something similar... but that's because I'm sick 
something horrible , 
@keewa I love cheese  but I do feel better so I will replace it with something else just not sure what, perhaps more wine or summat 
i need something to do noww.. 
@nickjonas  hahaha say me something At least
i'll read something, and it's all about the jobros ....... 
Watching M do something completely dangerous is pussing me off. 
just realized something very significant.. 
Is tired but is not able to sleep  not something I enjoy at all
He is coming down with something 
I feel like something is growing in me 
@Drmcmarc i hat when i forget to pack something!!! 
i need something to do 
bad cough,I think im coming down with something 
i was going to tweet something and then i forgot what i was going to tweet about. 
trying to find something to do 
something very very very good is happening! buuut i'm not allowed to say  and now your going to think it's like amaaaazing &amp; well it's not
something's wrong with my puupy 
as if we arnt playing now till july  we shall get something sorted..
I want to listen to something 'sexy'... 
By myself  waiting for something to happen
@lauzmur lauren i want to tell you something 
I need something to do!! 
i just dunno what to do.  I'm not creative enough to think of something haha
I hate it when I want something and I can't have it! 
Dammm... I'm shivering with cold... I guess I did something wrong... going to work in bed... 
Ah, I need something free to do. 
Depressed  I knew there was something wrong 
@FranAspiemom still achy. but i feel so down and out.. and i dont know why its so weird! like something just came over me. i dont get it! 
bored want to do something 
I am depressed and pissed off. I want to throw something 
It was closed  But i'll eat something i prepared haha
seriously upset over something so stupid.  or not stupid. i'm not sure. I'm just fucking sad I missed him. 
seriously upset over something so stupid. or not stupid. i'm not sure. I'm just fucking sad I missed him.  @AlexAllTimeLow
@iLeoCastro aww is there something wrong? 
There HAS to be something I can do... I feel so powerless 
@xxfriendxx exactly. But I know something happpened but I don't know 100% what. 
@xoxsaraaxox    i would invite you round or something but going out later 
How can you tell me its not me, but yet I somehow still feel like I did something wrong.   
i've definately caught something 
 boisss do something come on come on  #PakCricket
i had something really intersting/funny to write. but now i've forgotten it 
 I hate being torn between something that may need to be done and something I REALLY don't want to do...
ugh i think i'm coming down with something 
@Truue I hope this is not something that happened to you, if so I shoulda thought of it first 
Starting to feel like I'm coming down with something 
i wish i could go abroad just once more, i know i wont @splashingaround.  omg i feel like crying, or hitting something.
Just trying to do something ! 
 When I get back we re doing something!
@MickeyCrandall I think that I might have eaten something bad. It keeps coming and going. I thought it was gone  But no.
@tartantoes atleast you have something!  lol
I need something to do....I'm sooooooo bored 
is stressing.....something i rarley do 
@erinjcruz aww that is messed up. sorry  well they missed out on something amazing then!
@kevlivingston I just saw that you replied to something I said. I miss you so much 
I never did get that something delicious.  
@crystalclearto  If you love something let it go free. If it comes back, love it forever.
I just saw something that can't be unseen 
@westonbuck i didnt say you were! hahaha i was @ replying her about something else!  sheesh.
I hate this feeling....Feels like something is missing 
@Jzkidxoxo I can't!  I got something on! SIANNNNNN 
I was going to buy something but I forgot what to buy 
for all those interested i am awake and desperately trying to find something to watch 
  i need to think of something else, first. 
I wanted to write something but then I forgot 
found out something 
I just saw something that I can't have (sold out)  - now I want it even more. I hate that!! 
it feels like i'm coming down with something...  *away! away!*
write to me something c'mon  i'm annoying wtf
Being pretty bored wishing i had something to do 
I know how you feel, I wish  I could do something about it  
I don't know what could make this better, but something needs to happen fast! 
love can hurt but it's something you get used to 
I think i've just fucked something up that could have been so good for me 
@aulia @savitri - I definitely missed something  It's my first ;)
@KrisKonrad well yes he did, but I didn't  but seriously, had to finish something useful so was too late for grouplunch
excited to work on something challenging, something to do with mobile 
@mrskutcher you really think he would say something if YOU farted?  
I think I may have accomplished something.  
@macmuso that's what got me on to Yiruma, I'm learning it now!  probably too hard, but I'll figure something out. :p
is heading to town soon to get something to eat, and drink. Ofcooz. 
@DebDoyle And I much prefer something that doesn't talk back lol 
Oh! I think we've got something here. 
Now I've got to find something to eat before I fall over 
@jamalbronson if they hatin you doin something right 
Definitely just got 125. something.  Yay!
@erininstereo I think you should go, then you have something to tweet about when you get back 
Kelly and I have something in common! 
@darkmerrick I hadn't really heard that, but I get it, too. I figure if he sees something special in her, there probably is  &amp; she's hot
@jesscorrie LOL its likke $595 or something  mulalah?? lol
@rustyrockets full of something 
@ijustine just waiting for you to write something 
looking something new.. 
finding something to do 
is finally writing something new! 
@lynneroebuck Its just good to have something to fall back on. 
@remoknops  I knew that   But why bother if it can be done automatically....They must developing something that actually works. (or not)
this is where it starts crashing down. unless i do something about it, which i wont 
@markbanaag - I just found it and figured you may find something useful in it.  
there is something to be said about sleeping in your own bed 
@Strokesdogs Now why would I leave something out?! 
@mileycyrus I want to write you something special. I will write it and 'tweet' it to you 
going to prepare something to eat 
@RebeccaHappy I hear you, I am sure something else will come along to keep us all busy 
Finally something to look forward to 
@superrsteph eat something! 
@danelld aww don't woryr, something will come out soon 
@BriggySmalls hmmm, i think u're onto something here... 
@juliansimpson That's something you don't hear them chant as they band their tamberines... 
@6morningnews. Why would you do something like that?  
getting excited about something... 
http://twitpic.com/4dxt2 - It's like they think i'm comfy or something 
@torilovesbradie haha yeaa agreed with that one  i reckon if i meet the, i will totally flip out and say something really stupid haha
@asaraswathula  i should probably be studying or something but this is more fun
@Mennard its all good.. I am just aching LOL.  But I feel like I did something 
@weelezalee Haha, not often enough! I often think I should be doing something constructive so when I get an opportunity I try and take it 
@daisyvega or something asian-y like HIZUMI  [that's just me obsessing]
@citizenblue maybe it's trying to tell you something?  
hehe....I know something 
It's always nice to be paid for something you would have done for free. 
@hannahmaee:  I've got something to use on you! 
@shanerzz well I know something they don't know so they can do what they want 
@marcweil Aww, I was hoping for something more interesting 
@locuta did I miss something?? 
@ambermatson MUAHAHAHHAHAHA...   well, maybe they think I'm crazy or something. I haven't scared @williambloody yet though 
@Janegoth It has, however, got me out of doing the gardening - something for which I am eternally pleased 
It feels good to be good at something 
@mattmercy yay! we will have to get together soon and do something 
@nickNOTLIVE  eat something!
@dinuks switch to something else then 
@usagiii sweet  i should have something new to show you by then, too 
@HeatherShea you should read or something 
@madlacanilao I LOVE YOU!!! I'm writing you something right now 
I'm just Looking for something 
getting ready to launch something...almost there 
@sandieb321  Parmijama.lol.I don't know how to spell something I never order.lol 
@deililly something like that 
@ozdj no but let me know if you find out something 
@koki4a 'smth'=something 
@helenferia seriously, still haven't heard from her. i'd totally understand if she'd told me she had something else etc. but nooo. 
@KimSherrell haha - I thought I had already ... I need something to blog about, I'm hunting for something to wind me up ... 
@djdangerpants2 oh wow coool!  did you win something then? I've not seen them before so I'm very excited! 
I am boored!  I want to do something hahahah 
has something wonderful to look forward to 
@H_I_M LOL - something like that! 
@mosesadrien but to specialize in something doesn't it mean you have to be good at it... 
@fuzzyorange woohoo - all i need now is something to use it with 
@tweetnotpurge At least that's something. 
I'm tweeting so @JessRasmussen has something to read 
@shelly71 not too bad...I will find something eventually 
did you know what with you know who and that's something you wish you could do 
@LouiseMayes yes there is something quite attractive about him! 
@yadinkatz something like that.. 
@silverfireph I think you're on to something. 
is spinning instead of sewing. O'well...at least it's something. 
Testing something... 
@NIKERACLOTHING can count on u to post something useful and educational! 
@rolymac You're welcome!  I was like: what? did I get something wrong? and just had to check...LOL
@iantalbot If something needs pluckin, I pluck it... 
delta something something partay woOoooOoo! 
I follow @actionchick  because she always has something interesting to tweet!   #FollowFriday
Never mind..I found something to do 
@tobint eat something   just not pancakes
@bhas get something small. like a quart or something 
@mewhelena I think you're on to something 
@deanjezard thank-you  I hope there was something useful for you to take away from it all 
packed!!! finally. ready to go  if i have forgotten something by now it's staying forgotten!
@combustiblesong then eat something 
@azaxacavabanama well then make something up soon 
has to do something about something 
@andyjaques try eating something 
@mistressmia well now, tell me something i don't know 
@Jalanii i want something else too 
#thingsmummysaid I'll give you something to cry about 
@jgillard glad to hear it wasnt something borked 
looking for something to buy on trademe 
