Most common words for this cluster:
[('sooo', 244), ('day', 16), ('today', 14), ('na', 13), ('time', 13), ('work', 10), ('tomorrow', 10), ('am', 9), ('sad', 8), ('night', 8), ('home', 8), ('lol', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Sooo', 0.9979572296142578), (u'Soooo', 0.7198662161827087), (u'soooooooo', 0.7027336955070496), (u'sooooooooo', 0.7015917301177979), (u'Wtf', 0.6900923252105713), (u'Errr', 0.6855637431144714), (u'Soooooo', 0.6839371919631958), (u'Hahahaha', 0.6806646585464478), (u'SADY', 0.678471565246582), (u'sooooooo', 0.6703976392745972)]





No more early morning flights... Sooo tired 
@ladylonline I've been good; and girl I haven't been in the blog scene for almost 3 weeks  Sooo yeah lol buuuut I will check it out soon!
Sooo sick today! Not wanting work 
Sooo I'm an alcoholic!!! LOL! No more drinking!!!!! I need ur support 
@go4music Sooo sunny! Typical that the weather gets nice just as my holidays finish 
Sooo exhausted. Essay time 
Sooo tired. And smelly 
@davem05 chuckability factor is pretty high right now...not good, and Sooo hot 
Sooo much work to dooo 
I just lost my phone. Sooo scared. 
Sooo not looking forward to college tomorrow 
Sooo.. JC is not coming at all. 
Sooo mad. i  cant believe im about to go to school after this 'fun' spring break. 
Sooo bored of coll work 
On the way to office.. Sooo hungry! 
 Sooo hungry. I must go to sleep.. I'm only gonna have like 3 hours of sleep.. Blaahh
Sooo disappointed in chronicle.com's biased news reporting.  why do I continue to be shocked?
Sooo tired, work now from 10-...3 or 5 not sure  have a beautiful day love xx
Sooo I deleted my aim and I don't kno how to get it back 
Sooo tired     I wanna sleep all day tomorrow.
Sooo bored, staying at my dads this weekend 
Weekend is almost over....  Sooo sad. I had so much fun.  B., where are you????
Sooo need to finish the Castro Patrol newsletter 2day. It's like overdo homework. 
just checking my email. Sooo boring 
had a lovely weeked! Sooo sad it's over 
Sooo cloudy outside : I is there a hot topic store anywhere around wilkes barre,PA my interwebz won't load my searches 
Sooo tired! I need coffee or something.. Still have a headache. I think my neck is out 
Sooo close to him yet sooo far 
Sooo upset. A guy ran into my piece and damaged it 
Sooo tired. Shouldn't have watched that film last night. More revision today. 
Sooo homesick...I just want to be home in Van right now 
Sooo tired club wass crazy last night didn't get in til 4 &amp; that wass becuz I forced myself lol had 2 b work at 8am 
still sick  skipping church and maybe calling off work. Sooo did everyone get their mom a present or at least a call? hmmm?
Sooo, I was thinkin of cheatin my paper and double spacing, but it didn't even bring it near 40 pages  I'm barely on 16 pages.... :\
Sooo.... I can't sleep. So I am watching this ghost hunter stuff, got me scared in this apt by myself.  now I'm hearing doors squeaking 
Sooo tired, couldn't sleep 
out of the loop today... Sooo tired 
Sooo.. I have wood floors in my house, and I thought it would be ok to slide down the hall wearing socks. FAIL 
Sooo tired and lucky me I get to go to work at 8 :/ ugh I just got home 
Sooo tired and have so much to do. 
Today's #weight = 167 :: Day 75 of 100: +2.2 lbs/lost 17 lbs &amp; 12 lbs 2 go. Sooo mad at myself for not tracking yesterday! Grrrr... 
still doesn't know what to think. Sooo frustrating!!  xxx
Sooo my mac is dead.  anyone interested in Micro financing w me for a new one?
@Freya_LiCiouZz im sorry but i am ill. We cant spending WE together. Sooo sorry 
Leaving for nashville. Sooo early  I miss my baby dogs already!
Sooo lazy to do homework! 
Sitting here listening to drunk stories I don't know about. Sooo no gym for me  fuuuuuckk.
Sooo....  I hardly ever tweet anymore.  The perils of having a full-time job.  
Sooo I'm at the corner of where I used to live  brings back lots of MEMORIES....
Sooo bored sooo sleepy y he hasn't call me back yet ahh 
Going to California. L.A. and Disneyland. Sooo excited. Havn't been back home in almost 6 years  It's gonna be amazing. 
Sooo much work so little time 
Sooo.....I'm kinda o sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out  !!!!!!!!
Sooo.....I'm kind of sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out  !!!!!!!!
I am soo happy! But frustrated at the same time!  :]  :S. Ohh noo!!! Britney is recording her new video for Radar!!!  Sooo ExxCiiTeed!!!
Sooo tired i cant believe its already dark outside i didnt even get to see the day 
Sooo tell me how I lost followerzzz 
Middle of the night third night running can't sleep.  Sooo tired!
had to have my cat put to sleep today   I have had him for 18 yrs.  Sooo sad.
Going to bed. Sooo tired. I never got my milkshake 
@TheOnlyRhyno heading ther now... my cousins getting married tomorrow! Sooo I need to get up early  I'm tech in bed- just not sleepin yet
Oh god I really don't want to get up. Sooo tied 
Sooo i'm up, but facebook is down 
Sooo i'm up, but facebook is down  http://bit.ly/F387D
Sooo sore from working out at Clarkson yesterday 
Sooo ready for this movie @yourdailythomas i must be a bad date b/c he always rejects me 
Sooo...I'm having a house warming with the game on...how &quot;man&quot; like of me....but this game is just so embarrassing 
Sooo, I'm in miramesa with nahthing to dooo  txt me.
&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 Just watched a new episode of Pushing Daisies. Sooo happy it's back, but sad it's over soon. 
I think I ate too much soy sauce today because man am I thirsty! Sooo saltyy! 
Downloading Naruto Shippuuden episodes.  Sooo bored.
@jamieriddell yes!!!  12 miles in - 6 miles ish to go. It's killing us! Sooo HOT!
I want to ring him.. Sooo much 
has some type of stomach virus thing! Sooo not the way I want to spend my day off! 
Sooo much to do todayyyy.  ( I'm gonna miss u lauren conrad   )
@AQuietMadness I agree. Sooo pleased for them! Aidan was great too, i felt bad for him  Flawless were great too though.
Sooo excited 4 coero....but I hav 2 wait till 3.     
Sooo tired today! Fixed up singing lesson for tomorrow - am I mad? I don't want to go 
Sooo much going on  got cute shoes..might visit jess ;)
Going to school.. Sooo sleepy  I hope I can pass the exam..
Sooo tired and getting ready to study more 
Sooo much to do... But productivity is working against me 
Sooo tired and exhausted, yet, I can't sleep.. 
Sooo freaking exhausted! 
Sooo depressed, just watched the last episode of ER ever 
Sooo sleepy, im about to fall asleept 
Sooo da lineup in my classs is WASHED! Dese 4 weeks gonna killl me 
Sooo many reviews!  one almost down, two to go! Awesomeeee.
Home and I forgot my choc peanut buster parfait at my parents. Sooo sad.    And I didn't eat any of it yet. boohooo
Sooo nervous for this afternoon. No telling how things will go.. 
Wonder when work will calm down! Sooo busy 
Sooo haaard ! I got headache for this test..  I want its over soon.
Doin my hair for school... Sooo tired 
Sooo tired. No time for sleep though. 
Sooo sad to see @LaurenConrad leave the hills 
i Miss Akeira Sooo Much 
Sooo, per the Doc, pulled a calf muscle which means no jumping around for a week or so  hmm.
Sooo... my update in &quot;She let it happen&quot; has been sitting on Nancyfan for 36 hours straight without one single comment... I'm sad. 
Sooo bored exams finishe on monday and now there is nothing to do :/ 
No matter what time Hannah goes to bed she has to wake up before 6 am  Sooo tired!
Essay one done, 2 more to go  Sooo not happening!
Sooo frusterated! Why did I skip last nights class when i should have skipped it TONIGHT! I hate walking on campus in the rain 
My train is broken.  Sooo many colourful adjectives come to mind. 
Against my better judgment, I have been convinced to attend the Webutante ball. Sooo sad I have to wear ugly shoes. 
Ughh been a rough day with no cell  but im home now!! Sooo tierd!!!...got like a billion txts
@jnyemb oh no way, you can't do that! Sooo unfair 
Sooo.. I woke up this morning only to find my bitch-ass roommate eating the last of the fruity pebbles.. bummer! 
@Leanne0710 Sooo nice int they :o pure canny get them anywere but  ahaha
Sooo bored at work 
Sooo many final reviews and soo litttle time! Ahhh! 
Sooo where is the downtown fiction 
Sooo did u get your ticket ?! @ellaaLOVE i dont even get for the next sunday 
@pastelpastel Awww!  Sooo, where are you listening?
Sooo tired. Weekend is almost over 
@deegarcia104 wow i just got in from the isla! I took care of the face and arms today!! But my back is Sooo burned! 
Sooo happy to be home but it's bittersweet because my wife, son and dog aren't here 
Sooo its a bootiful sunday, my first proper sit down in  week, then tomorrow back to reality   But heyy i get to see my mateys 
Sooo sick, it sucks 
@isha_patricia I wish I have sims 3 in my hands!!!! Sooo jealous!!!!  haha
Sooo trying to cut back on foood for summer, But I'm shit at any diet related things  ive had a roll and cereal, is that too much? :S
Ran my first 5K in 5 months after a knee injury in 33:04. Sooo slow 
@KendraWilkinson Sooo sad that i can't watch it because it's not airing in Germany 
AHHHHHHHH I hate drawing anime style character conceptsssss D:... Sooo much anime so often! I enjoy work, but 
@SongzYuuup Sooo mad i couldnt see you perform 2night!! 
Sooo...one day on the beach and i am completely fried. 
Sooo confused 
@Slayso Sooo tempting but I want my EMA and I have to do this art thingy by thursday. 
Sooo happy today's the last day of classes, I wanted to wear my shorts but it's raining &amp; kinda cold. 
@t_phan Sooo cheap, but mo chin 
Sooo I didn't workout this mornin 
@IgetsBizzy Sooo my trackball wont scroll down and the wireless is off  que hago?!
Sooo angry &amp; sad 
@SimpleGeraldine I've finished reading HP. Sooo sad 
@itsloveexoh Sooo my phone is offically dead  we're going to the movies at 10:10, but I can't get ahold of rach now. you gotta text her.
Sooo tired. I don't feel good. I think I have a fever. And my body aches. I'm freezing too. I need hot blanket. 
Sooo jealous of my b/f.....i wanna be in Miami too!! 
Sooo tired ryt now  dont think im gunna make it lol...
Sooo full. Ate too much. 
Sooo tired of my bedroom. It's as beautiful as I could make it, but ...can't feel breezes, see clouds, have sunlight on my face.  
Sooo tired, I wish I didn't have summer skool. 
Sooo me &amp;&amp; buttface aren't goin to Italy in sept anymore  the wedding has been pushed back!
Sooo low on energy.  Giving up #coffee is tough 
Sooo tired of this rain ...seriously. 
Off to bed now. I have 7.3o class tomorrow. Sooo EARLY! 
Sooo bored since wow is done 
Sooo clumsy... Almost bust my ass twice walking down the street 
Sooo i kinda miss brooke county 
@nikkibender im so poor. Decided im getting a bikni anyway, i like this Jets one, it will be like $200 all up though. Sooo poor 
The down time between work time here is going to kill me... Sooo bored 
Sooo tired, class in the morning then working 6-12 
I hate this, i look trashy.  i'm going too get Sooo much shit tomorrow. Bleh.
Really sad...I forgot about Jada  &quot;Hawthorne premiere&quot; 2night ! Sooo i missed it &amp; I could have jst taped it.. 
Watchn &quot;walk hard&quot; at home.. Sooo tired 
Sooo many things happenin @ once...havin a tough time tryna sort it all out 
I hate all my friends that don't want to go with me to the parade!!!! Sooo sad 
Sooo not looking forward to the exams tomo! 
Just got home.Sooo wett, curse this rain!. 
Sooo tired 2day, think i'll have to give the gym a miss 2nite 
Annnd workout with trainer time! Sooo early 
Just had a chargilled chicken sandwich from chick fila tryna do the right thing - Sooo not good!! 
 Sooo ill ... yet I can't stay in bed and sleep GRRR cause I have damn school 
@nikkiann0100 at least you would have it closer than me...I'm on the other fucking side of that huge country  LOL.Sooo pissed...sorry!
Sooo manual labor is HARD!! I'm not a painter! Ugh... I stop getting paid in 20 minutes but I'll probably be here another 2 hours! 
Sooo hungry.. but not going to eat anything.. its 12.45am... and its too hot.. but I got tons of email to reply to and write 
Sooo I'm JUST NOW  watching Obsessed... &amp;this white bitch is .crazy.!!!
Morning everyone ... anyone wanna swap with me? I go to bed again and this other someone will go to work for me? ;) Sooo tired! 
Listening to metallicas creeping death while driving home from friends at 130am makes me wanna run off the road. Sooo sleepy. 
Sooo tired.  Hateee this.
Blah .. Going back to bed .. I hope .. I think libby might be waking up  .. Sooo tired ..
Sooo tired. Definitely not wanting to run errands today. 
Sooo I didn't get the job. Womp womp  trying really hard not to get upset, but...this sucks.
In fresno with @xtifferson ! Sooo hot 
Sooo I totally have a crush on Jamba juice guy. But he's gay  ughhhh so jelous
Sooo sleepy all I want to do is cuddle up and watch a movie 
@portblog I miss the PDX!! Sooo bad, the weather, the people, the smell, the fucking everything! 
On my way to work I saw a squirrel party. Three of them just in front of a building. Sooo cute. And photography is forbidden here 
Being a cock blocker at brandon's house. Sooo awkward! 
@HenryMCCRORY my mom just remembered zach has a half day today... Sooo we cant pick you up b/c thats when you work  we can chill tomorrow?
Sooo confuseddddd :-[ :-/ 
Sooo tired... there are a lot of replies and tweets and links I want to follow... But I have work in the morning.  sorry. 'night!
Sooo hungry. This fasting crap is driving me nuts. 
@DavidArchie I'm not in the area. Sooo I shouldn't come? 
The cab is in la tonight. I'm sad I'm not seeing them  They are literally one of my favorite bands. Sooo much love for them.
Sooo..I am no longer going to be an aunt 
Sooo much to do this weekend! One thing 4 sure is that im gonna be missing my dad 
Sooo much 2 do bf the party 
Sooo sleepy, want Adam to get here to cuddle her! Last night together for what will seem a loooong time 
Sooo sleeeepppyy but still have to fetch T so can't sleep 
Sooo no hangover today  Majority rules: the new denzel movie... I already know its gonna be good cuz denzel's in it lol
Whatta day! Sooo sore 
Sooo thought Tucson was pronounced tuksun. I got laughed at 
Sooo cold. 
Sooo tired but I can't sleep 
Italy has lost in the match against Egypt. Sooo shocked, sooo upset, sooo... sad 
Sooo ready to get back my dorm! 
http://twitpic.com/7wgeu - I miss mest!  i loved that band. Srry and for the 30000 tweets. Sooo bored!
@lovest0ned omg jen! Sooo crappy  how are you?! How's the pg coming along?
Sooo over this stupid computer! 
Sooo tired and my puppy is sick 
It's Sooo hott again.... I wanna go swimming.  lol ~Lathaeria~
@DonnieWahlberg Sooo wish I was over in the States instead of revising 
Sooo blown  some bday this turned out to be! What am I saying?? I'm alive!!!  and blessed in many other ways.
Ugh. 6:45. I've been trying - and failing, obviously - to fall asleep for almost 3 hours now. Probably going to give up soon. Sooo tired. 
I hate when that happen! And it always happen right before a performance  Sooo bad timing!
Sooo thankful her shujun and Wei jun came. For some reason they enlightened me. I miss school 
Sooo many chores! 
Sooo..I was going to post..but I don't even have my comments 
last normal day of school tomorrow! Sooo sad  But still haappy because I am looking forward to the summer, and boarding school next year..
Sooo back to work i go!  then travelodge party!
Sooo I'm definitely drivin to get my niece's graduation dress... :-/ shoes are gonna be there ugh! Yall kno how I do 
Sooo hot outside!!! I want to swim! ... But I don't have a pool... 
Sooo...I didn't tear my rotator cuff but I did dislocate my shoulder  I should feel better in 3 weeks hopefully sooner ;)
Sooo incredibily I'll right now ! 
Sooo tired. I don't think coffee will be enough to wake me up today. Fuuuuck 
Sooo close to finshing this modle and why is it rendering always frows a fit and stops working 
Sooo @maitababy and I are gonna drink our asses off tonight.. Lol we both wish we were @ vegas LOL! 
eating mint chip ice cream  Sooo delish!
Sooo in love  goodnight all -_-
Morning twitiiiis!! Just woke up ! Evrbdy is ok ?  its a sunny day Sooo enjoy it!!!
;O Sooo tired. Easter show Tomrow, a fee of $10 keke 
I want to see JONAS sooner!! Aa!! Sooo much!!  I'm goin insane.
@josephvelasquez omg I knooooooooow!!! Sooo much fun! 
I &lt;3 x-men! Sooo many hot men! Yumms! 
Sooo anyone ever bought themselves a savings bond? I did. -- It made me feel like a grown up 
Sooo tired.  Going to bed after a little ice cream.  Yum. 
Sooo readyyy for the summerr babyyyy!!!!!!!!! 
Sooo, I spent most of my day sitting at home in front of the computer in my pajamas...I love these days. 
Just got back from @LorenaJimenez 's party! Sooo much fun! Boom boom pow~ hahaha! ooh and I just told my mom happy mother's day 
Sooo excited for our floor seats at American Idol!!!  
Sooo i just drank some vodka i forgot how much i hate this stuff it reminds me of some kind of cleanner YUCK but i have a little buz haha 
freaking out! Sooo excited, crossing my fingers everything works out so I can go study in Espana this summer!! Yaaayaay! 
If anyone needs new sheets, Kinglinen.com has 450 TC Sateen sheet sets on sale for $29.99 until tomorrow... Sooo soft 
Sooo I slightly flooded the bathroom when I took a shower - it's 8:22am &amp; I've already had breakfast and am on the bus to Kilarney 
Sooo many tweets to read... where to start. Foods ready but I must delay it for a while tonight 
@ShanteeNicole I just know my house has dropped in value by half.  Sooo...even if I wanted to move...not happening. 
Sooo tired! but EXCITED for tonight  i miss my baby..
Sooo happy friday is here 
Sooo excited for this weekend!   
@SamoneWise I work.. I havve thur fri and sat off.. Imma be in the city!!!! Sooo can't wait!!!  wow I just hyped philly up like it was ...
Sooo, the cavs lose too.    This brings me great joy!
@g_lifted thanks      Sooo big weekend plans?
I am soo happy! But frustrated at the same time!  :]  :S. Ohh noo!!! Britney is recording her new video for Radar!!!  Sooo ExxCiiTeed!!!
Lying bed... Sooo much to do today... But this is much more fun 
Finally home! Sooo thankful for my own bed. 
