Most common words for this cluster:
[('sore', 138), ('pain', 105), ('throat', 84), ('today', 53), ('hurts', 50), ('nose', 41), ('day', 36), ('surgery', 32), ('knee', 31), ('headache', 30), ('stomach', 29), ('quot', 27)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Pain', 0.7687743902206421), (u'Migraine_Headaches', 0.7638501524925232), (u'Headache', 0.7534476518630981), (u'Chronic_Cough', 0.7509787082672119), (u'Knee_Arthritis', 0.740271270275116), (u'Herniated_Disc', 0.7397403717041016), (u'Abdominal_Pain', 0.7272313237190247), (u'Kidney_Stones', 0.7267389893531799), (u'Ailment', 0.7238733768463135), (u'Stress_Fractures', 0.7231923937797546)]





Throat killing me and missing gordon 
bah, immune system finally gave in. It did so well this year....  Throat is feeling horrid now.
@degrafik The one thing I have learnt is that Sinusitis is a pain in the nose! 
Not much achieved, time to rethink plans for day  Neck pain not helping matters.
Chest pain.  Hockey training tmr. 
Sore throat.  would love a bowl of grandma's matzo bowl soup right now.
Sore throat. 
Throat sore, nose runny... just in time for a trip abroad- typical 
On this and bebo...Sore tummy 
@hilarymarie My kids asked about &quot;the red dots&quot; on my face, &quot;why like that? how come?&quot; Pimples. &quot;what are pimples?&quot; 
Surgery 2day  cant eat until like 5 or 6  im hungry!
My little boy has the croup (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croup) again  he was coughing all night...
: Budding Fibromyalgia Flare + Barn Cleaning + Stomach Issues + Alpaca Shearing = Full Blown Fibro Event, apparently. I can barely move. 
Sprained ankle...... Hollies house with a shot ton of people...... 
Sore throat is still sore &amp; I need to study for my psych test. dnw. 
@Nutzy2468 introduction to laboratory tests and procedures. Lol. I usually don't leisure read during school. Brain overload 
...Nose bleed?! I wish I never left bed. 
Hello....I wanted to know if there are other people that have children/teens with Auto Immune Diseases and how you cope 
 Sore throat! I have a really bad head cold  and I have a hench bruise from my blood test! 
Just woke up from nap! It made me feel so much better!! Wwoot.. Stuffy/ runny nose isn't that bad anymore.. Sore throat is worse though 
Throat kills! 
Brain shocks are not fun. I feel like crying. 
Sore head!!! 
Bad Throat  too much shout singing at the pub oops!
2am ER visits suck ass.  Diagnosis: Anxiety/Panic attack.  
Sick. Headaches. Homework. School tomorrow 
@PurplePoetess Looking forward to seeing them. Suffering a dry spell myself 
@LewisBeechey Atrophy shouldn't contain the word 'Trophy'. It makes it sound like a good thing 
Sore throat. 
Now I'm not feelin all that good as I was a few hours ago. Stomach is feelin sooo nasty and got a damn headache 
Sore from the cycling. 
Layin N Tha Bed, N Pain... 
Sprained ankle- can't play tennis for 3 weeks! 
Sprained ankle- doctor says I can't play tennis for 3 weeks! 
Feeling the effects of Muscle in a Month  Weight is up but feeling beaten up - 14 days to go!
Neck still very sore -stretching, ibuprofen and ice (again) 
@aplusk  hope that you are feeling well soon Ashton sorry to hear you  have the Stomach Flu 
Sitting in here with the aircon on is making my eyes hurt. Nose is blocked 
Ouch My Ear/Head Knee Toe Foot Arm And Finger Are Bleeding 
Throat hurts 
@mountainstarr  I wish my add did that.  Anxiety only makes it worse.     it is normal to be nervous...excited...sad and overwhelmed  ...
45 and rain, damn you! Treadmill, here I come. 
Self Diagnosis: Patellar Tendonitis. Icing my knee now 
My. Head. ... And no Aspirin anywhere 
Sore throat and prickly skin. 
Its a year today that mum was diagnosed with Cancer 
Sick. Dizzy. Headache. Throwup. Ugh. But still forced to go to school. 
Hangovers and work don't mix so good 
Teeth is all sore tonite from adjusting braces n wearing rubberbands 
my throat is sore again/still. Swallowing feels like having a fishbone stuck halfway down. This...makes getting to sleep kinda awkward 
I forgot to eat today.  Brain, come out, come out, wherever you are!
just woke up post-call. Aching all over 
Sore throat ouch  i wil now hve a hot shower n thn watci the simpsons
@Tittch Drink up thee zyder, eh? Allergic to pig? I forgot... but sadly it means we must remain forever *distant*, doesn't it?!  LOL
eugh. Hangovers 
Throat seems to be getting worse by the hour 
that other people do so effortlessly..when it comes to basic human living actions..this Irritable Bowels Syndrome..i really am disabled.. 
Tired, gah, need to get something done. Brain not being cooperative 
Sinus Infection is still killing me..  
urrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgh i'm getting so sick of waiting for this freakin scan. Pain = baaad today 
Sore throat... congested.... coughing....  
#fletcherday! FanFic Addiction faz falta 
@mehall Pain? Whats up? 
Crashed my bike at 30 mph. In emergency room now. Shoulder is not good. This is bad.  
Hangovers suck! 
@AlmaLaCubana I would say you might need to go to the doctor/hospital.  Breathing complications ain't no joke!    &lt;--worried
Kay I missed EVERYTHING! Game, fight...catching up @ 2am! Headache coming back. 
Achy and coughing- sigh 
Sadly is not babysitting tonight. Throat and sinus infections prevail. 
Inflicted with paranoia...waaaaaa 
Allergic reaction to the flu needle... 
Sore throat  grandtastic... Not
Sore belly  But trampolineing Helps :L
Toothache!!! 
@adrianhow Soothe him, don't let him cry his lungs out 
Feeling bad for Brenty. Cough and 100 fever and climbing. 
Sore and tired and havent eaten scince yesterday morningg  maybe im a bit cranky  &gt;:O
Sore throat hasnt gone yet 
@Levenah ugh I'm jealous!!! Pain killers barely work for me!!! and if they do it takes half hour to an hour sometimes 
I don't think anyone can see my replies.  Darn RSS feeder.  And to see mine I have to check the @mamaAllie.  Pain in the arse.  
Nose itchy...Eyes burning...Nose running...and throat scratchy... 
Throat is still SOO sore.     
Sore throat.. I really shouldn't be staying up to times like this, got to be up for school in 27 hours time  Nooooooooooo!
Chest pain. Ouch 
Oh yeah.  Teething.  
I'm sick. Coughing, sneezing and a runny nose 
cannae believe Neuro has to work on a bank holiday 
Muscles are sore 
Called in sick. Chest and nose are congested and my cough keeps getting worse. 
@PaulHewitt @markce Amniotic fluid + dead foal + 7:00am = 
Working from home due to sickness. Sinus 
@Rupture I miss you 
Jus ate and showered. Feeling ok. Headache still doesn't want to leave me. 
Is gonna make an appointment wiv an ENT doctor i want my tonsils out 
just left T Pain pool party! would have stayed longer. drinks unlimited but no food!  I'm out!
Throat hurts so bad  ... I really hope it gets better
@ph33lx Yao out the rest of the season.  Hairline fracture in left foot.  We're snake bit 
set her computer to record &quot;With the Needle that Sings in her Heart&quot; live webcast (AFP!) and it messed up when it was saving. All gone. 
Studying for finals...got 4 left!!! Brain is mush!!! 
Sore head, sore feet, sore neck ok so my whole body is just sore 
Stress. 
Doesn't feel well...  Headaches are the worst!
Sore back! 
Yum, venison for dinner my favorite, *Cough Cough* 
On the flip side, I've been packing for hours and I think if I had to stand up for much longer I'd probably start falling over. Foot fail 
Resting My Sprained Ankle  I rolled It Yesterday At Netball
@xaoife thanks lol il probli b in school though... its nt fair while im doin tests ur listenin 2 Elbow 
Another. Stress full day at work wish I coulda stayted home with my son 
Sprained my ankle yet again- RICEing it now 
is allergic to his mouthwash. Swollen tongues are not nice 
Sore as helllll... :/ Mothers day though. I'm not a mother... No presents. 
Men if you have babies momma's u better treat them right today!! becoming a mother is a crazy. Pregnancy is no joke... morning sickness 
@barbsrad ...bass clef tattoo. Nose would be right hand side, lip would be dead-centre! I just cant decide! 
Bronchitis and unemployment with a side of peeling sun burn is my favorite combination! 
Studying for finals. Stress! 
It's Sinus time  want a great remedy http://bit.ly/17S2NV
@qzanny Bladder infection. OWWWWWWW!!!!!!   
@missgiggly Jealous! Scalp massages are the best. And hand, and feet... I want a massage now 
 stomach hurts. Cough. Headache. Getting more sick.. FML
Tummy kept me awake. Medicine let me sleep. Medicine wore off and tummy woke me up  Not much sleep inbetween. Ugh.
Throat kills. . . 
Tummy refusing to behave itself tonight. Agony. 
@swishathomas mmm that looks gooooood... shoulda sent some back with Y. Anal so I could pick it up 
Sore ear again  should have used bikie grade drugs before flight.
Sore throat. 
Another night of now sleep.  Teething babies are hard work.
Toothache 
@bearsweetness Sore throat  got coursework maaan.
Throat's still hurtin' 
Ice went on my burn for 30 mins, then Neosporin cream. Feeling much better, but it's my throttle hand 
Updating on some of my works. :| Aching Throat! 
Stress = can't sleep!  
@alexalltimelow it happens to the best of us. I know exactly how you feel. Anxiety got both of us tonight. 
Urgh. Stomach is upset. 
Morning twitterers! Yesterday summery, today cold  Sinus pain has caused face to swell, can barely see out of right eye  need chocolate!
A few quick blog changes. Throat is sore. 
Sore from yesterday's yard work 
Sore  I should sleep.
@AELJohnson Toothache sucks i had it the other week! 
Off to get some Brain Food.. or just food that may help my brain work... Then back to my notes 
is going to study Surgery again.  http://plurk.com/p/ucfi2
Poorly sick  Eyes and throat are burning. Ears are tickling. Nose is sneezing. Mouth is sulking...
My Brain hurts 
@iamdanw Ouch! Resting and just eating plain stuff - I guess you just have to wait for it to run its course 
So sick. Throat is swollen &amp; body aches. Clock watching and wishing for my bed. 
Always wanted to know how big your e-Penis is? - http://www.epenis.nl/ - UHAEUHEUhAUE o meu deu 2.5cm 
Always wanted to know how big your e-Penis is? - http://www.epenis.nl/ - UHAEUHEUhAUE o meu deu 2.4cm 
Feeling very poorly.  Lemsip helps. Chest infection or cold? Not sure yet...
my teeth hurt....  Pregnancy hormones seem to have kicked my gums ass 
I did it an hour ago. Pain. All knitting and spinning is halted.  I don't know what to do. Ran under cold water...
Neck still hurts.  hsm3 wasn't too bad haha 
Sore throats and stuffy noses suck...I'm sick  (via #zenjar )
Leg hurts 
not much on today, have to go to the Quacks later today 
Hangovers 
Having a headache right now... Pain... Taken one panedol pill. 
Feels ruff afta a shocking nites sleep. Throat still sore 
typischer montags-Stress 
Sore already and the day is far from over 
Its a pain for client to manage transition of work from one vendor to another. Pain for the vendors too! I am part of one vendor 
Ugh! Throat just as bad today, I've gotta go out later this afternoon too but then I can go stock up my drug supply  I need a hug
bombed out after a huge day at dreamworld. Sore throat again.  need sleep. Zzz
very cool, good the salt in the nose helps ..jaja..lol !! Rainy here in MD today..gray too..yucks !! 
Jetlag's killing me  hit me bad this time..
Sinus pain and runny nose still there, tingly throat coming back. Downed vitamins and glass of Airborne. Need tissue travel pack.  #tek09
first play rehearsal tonight!! Weight goal - NOT met. 
w00t! I finally got a decent amount of sleep! Throat is still sore though  Eating Rice Krispies with bananas, and checkin' my websites.
Throat is itching like crazy, AND I'm sore all over.    I need to work on my abs more.  Focus too much on arms and legs.
Home Sick with a Sore Throat  Please pray that i feel better and that God can work over me.
KNEEWATCH-back from Surgery Consultant,Knee  doing well, recovery on track,unfortunately looking at another 7 months til I'm back playing 
Nose is completely stuffed and throat is sore and kinda itchy. Pretty sure I'm sick. 
Sore throat 
@cowboybubba @wbahner Thanks.  Looks like he may not race again   2 broken Femur's, 1 broken tibia, rib or 2, arm... wheelchair for months
I am hurting  post surgery made worse by migraines,worse from Endometriosis&amp; end of 'Seasonel' BCP cycle, on top of Fibro pain &amp; weather
@haunter_ aww thank you. Pain is bad 
Going to sleep... I wanna go tanning one last time this week. Skin cancer here I come 
Stubbed my toe on my bed this morning, it still hurts 
Chest pains has returned. 
&lt;3 Elbow. To bad pinkpop and lowlands are solded out  I really wanted to go this year..
Sore from playing frisbee 
Muscles sooo sore 
I just want to sleep.. Pain medicine please kick in 
Sore throat 
Sore head 2day  hope all my tweets are doing ok?
Throat hurts 
Sore throat  great way to start off my day *sarccasm*
Toothache&amp;&amp;headache&amp;&amp;earache&amp;&amp;mystomachhurts  ohhkayy so everything is acheing
Praying for manicmother whose son was diagnosed with Cancer recently. I cannot begin to imagine her fear 
Suboptimal choice of words put me in trouble...lot of times.. 
Headache ... Seems my Migraine is back.  Hope I recover soon else my weekend is gone 
Throat is scratchy ugh 
Ankle hurting ouch 
Toothache is the worst ache of all. 
Bad cold. Sore throat 
@CrysWinchester D'aww, Cryssie  Stress no good... Y'know I currently have strange cravings for CrunchyNuts and NutriGrain XD
@kimburly wanted to go, potentially.  Stomach was being a jerk. 
golden girls.... again.... Dorothy has Chronic Fatigue Syndrome but no one believes her.  
Toothache well I guess it's my jaw and a head splitting headache. Not a good fit! 
Sleepy time. Headache  and I miss Jessica aka  JessieKitty.
@Unfokused lol don't know how I'm supposed to help u when I just texted someone out of boredom. Sickness makes me vulnerable 
Trying to heal...very sick!   Otravin, Cold FX, Advil Cold n Sinus...something WORK!!!
this will be my earliest tweet so far.  Throat is killing. bed today I think 
I Have Such A Bad Cough People 
I Can`t do 30 minutes of Treadmill  but done 30 minutes for today already, gonna do 20 minutes more
Surgery when I wake up 
Sore throat coming,and recording about to start for new citipointe EP album! ARGGHHH!!!  prayers needed
red update: temp of 40+. Suspected infection. Antibiotics given. Appt tomorrow to check temp again. fingers crossed.  #fb
Sore throat. This is not good. I have four performances this weekend. 
Surgery. 
@capcomms It was BuckFast. Brain just went blank 
is sick, a congested forehead (its possible) and chest. Achy eyes and back, all I wanna do is sleep the weekend away! 
Hernia is hurting way more than usual tonight, no way I'm able to go out! 
Stubbed my little toe this morning on my file cabinet ... and it's turning black 
Oh what a day it has been! Stress and thinking about the future is making me sad! 
My Tummy Hurt 
Swollen face.....again 
Leg hurts 
Knee is still giving me trouble, although now it's worked it way to my kneecap 
Have a Sore Throat hope it doesn't get any worse 
developed Posterior Shin Splints, no running for a few weeks 
Fibro sucks.... fibro flares suck worse....   
Allergies and Sinus are starting to kick in. I hate it. Pray for me 
I. Hate. Headaches. 
Pain Hurts 
In my bed, laptop on my knees, doing my Swedish exercises. Throat hurting, hate having a cold 
oi @helenotter!! what's happened to the Surgery Live previous episodes page (http://bit.ly/xDSOU)? It's 404'd , GUCH people not happy! 
Sore tooth 
Pain in my throat, coughing and headache. And so much to do! 
@MGGubler what's up??? Knee still bothering you?  I'm sorry  Or bored already?
@lilygreenwood No! I missed that! Toenail keyring tho...yum 
On a train home from the reeks. Foot swelled up like balloon last night so decided not to climb for safety 
@backstreetboys ok.. ok.. ok.. just saw the answers video by Brain..  my answer wasn't there  but loved the video! brian's amazing!
Throat is fucking killing me 
Tired. Stomach hurts. Really want to relax today but have to bake stuff for the benefit instead.   and then work tonight.
Tummy hurts-been eating 'clean' lately so yesterdays pizza lunch didn't agree w/ me-ugh  Doing my walk/run later today
Knee hurts, can't exercise, bummed out!!!!!!!!! 
Rashes i have! 
Pain. Lots of pain. 
Pain in the neck.....literally 
Throat hurts  nottt goood. Going back to sleep I thinkk.. Too early.
is having a cup of Spiced Chai tea with some toast and jam in bed. Headache and upset belly 
Surgery's all done. The doctor want me to take it easy and no cycling for a few days to allow for healing. 
Hangovers suck 
@_Trystianity_  Throat's worse  Arent u supposed to recommend tea or OJ rather than liquor? heh
@CristaltheGreat  everbody gets u BUT me. Sniffle sniffle
I feel icky today. Sore throat, etc. 
Sore Throat 
Sore throat 
Sore shoulder  fell down the stairs
Headache won't go away. Feel so icky and nauseous. Smell of food makes tummy go BLEGALDAJDKFDDDUUGGGGHHPHHFF. 
Pretty cool... how to build your own outdoor movie theater... cheap too! http://tinyurl.com/o8fkxy Sinus infection slowly going away... 
Wow! I can not believe how much my foot hurts  Foot surgery sucks! I wish I could just sleep through the recovery...
I hate being a girl sometimes. Fetal position 
Projectile vomiting all through walmart when we stopped to stock up in Tylenol. Wont eat or drink. We have a very sick child on our hands 
Head: heavy. Ears: ringing. Stomach: empty 
tests starting tml. Stress  why does everyone act as if we're going through O's all over again?
Has been diagnosed with &quot;Bells Palsy&quot; 
http://twitpic.com/6b9zh - Here's to hoping that this is my last day in bed. Herniated discs are not fun 
*sigh* Celiac Disease Report. I've said all I want to say but its still not long enough. Why fluff!? Makes me sad to write filler lines 
Ow!! I just rammed my funny bone going down the stairs, losy my breath almost cried. Pain!! Lots and lots of it 
is having a hard time sleepin'...super hot. Sweating my booty off...   
Reflux &amp; new security software keeping me up way too late tonight 
Bronchitis seriously sucks. I think I may cough up a lung... 
Sprained wrist today. Writing hampered. Typing this solely with my off hand. Bemoaning loss of productivity. 
Headaches 
Caught for ages in a really slow traffic jam into Monaghan town. Pain in the arse, need to be somewhere else fast 
Ohayo gozaimasu! Insanely jealous that my husband gets to go climbing on such a beautiful day. Ankle recovery program says *NO* to me. 
Sore head(!) and a cold i blame on @MattRussell28! 
In bed. Coughing. Sneezing. Possibly sharing bacon flu with my kitteh. XD can't sleep, can't breath either. 
I don't feel well at all. Dizziness and vomit. No fun 
Pain  oooooo it's like a desert out here !
@aafreen  I can't tell you in words what Pain I am experiencing now! I did NOT know there were so many muscles in my body until today! ;(
Holy shit its like 30 degrees c. That + work = Suffering 
In severe pain now. Chemo muscle spasms. 
Pain.Lots of Pain.Stupid Throat 
Sore head 
Sinus headache/pressure = fail 
Hangovers are ftl 
Bummed out.  Stomach bug kept me from racing today 
Knee pain is easing, 7 days until I can attempt a return to training 
@kmtirpitz Chronic back problems  sucks to be tall.
So much 4 trying to head off cold. 5 days post taking 1st Zyrtec it's full-blown head congest mode. Throat drier/scratchier than ever  #fb
My body isn't happy with me. Neck has a kink, tummy is angry, knee is creaky. I know I ate pasta yesterday (oops), but come on! 
oohh its teh same in us tv...talking sh... about the supstitutes the coach made.. oh did he say Knee Injury?? smart guy  what kind of?
In bed. Tired but can't sleep. Pain moved from lower back to being in groin area now!  suppose this means it's moving!
Sore throat 
@Transmecharian Sweating just sat here with my window open 
Mutated human being have made food &amp; sex a favorite PAST TIME..  are all humans sick??
Headed to work... Sore throat and all 
Toothache!  I wanna cry.
What a sunny day again!  Suffering after yesterday though. 
Looking at Obstructive Sleep Apnoea devices. Bloody hell, they ain't cheap! But I can't go on suffering like this. It's torture. 
Feeling like crap  Sore throat and a running nose.
Sore throat, blocked nose, cold. What I go to school for? 
My Shoulder KILLLLLLLLS 
Taking the dog to the vet today.... I think he has Lymes Disease. 
Swollen tear duct.... Wtfff i look like i have bags! And it hurts like hell  gotta go 2 the doctor http://twitpic.com/6ecyg
Ugh!!! Stomach hurts 
Sinus infection still kicks my ass  I can't wait till it goes away-------&gt;
Throat infection  MC for 2 days
Achy as usual, not looking forward to another day at work. Trying to decide whether to get rid of cable or not. 
Bowel prep starts tomorrow  Telling a pregnant woman not 2 eat is like asking 4 certain death! Freezies are clear fluid right??! lol #endo
Hot day or what !!  sunburnt  Headache !!!       Soulja boy   FITT !!
is in serious pain!!!! Sprained god dam ankle!!   
Brr...cold chills, trouble sleeping and if I do sleep bad dreams. Throat still scratchy.  The outlook isn't looking too good...
Is In A Lot Of Pain ... Damn Sunburn 
Through to county 3 times, and through to regionals once atm for south west so training aswell as revising for exams. Stress!  x
@TweetRamona Of all those things I only had the blister cream  Sprained finger? That reminds me of my basketball days....
Thanks to PowerNap No more Migraine Headache but the Abdominal Pain still active. 
Sore throat + allergies = not good 
Is feeling a lil better now...Foot still hurts Ouch!!!  but i think i will make it ...i wish a muthafucka would step on my shit...
My leg still hurts after last night. Sore   stayed home from work today.
Sore throat  I'm not allowing myself to get sick!
Yay! I'm getting my tonsils taken out!  also the ENT sprayed this crud in my nose and it's like I'm breathing out of it for the 1st time
Leg still huge!  not good!
facebook not working from the Leg. pc 
@General_Pain Naoooooooooo 
@wickedjaci44 Shoulder pains  bruised mine in football blah hurts with all kind of exercises? ome rehab says use 5 lb to rehab it overtime
Sprained my ankle  It hurts so effen bad!!
Throat is sore 
Sprained my wrist at work  makes it hard to type... or do just about anything..
Toothache 
watching &quot;Curing Mouth Ulcers Using Coconut Oils&quot; on youtube. hope to find a way to get rid of my mouth ulcer 
I am sick.  Colds and Cough?? bad idea. (
Headache. Coffee? Coffee! Food first. No food  Shopping. Headache.
Allergy. I hate it, i feel like i'm dying  what are the odds my boss will send me home? Thats right, none.: Al.. http://bit.ly/5ru3c
Sore throat 
@brinshannara  I know the feeling. I was in an 8 yr relationship (off n on..mostly on) &amp; dumped a yr ago. Treadmill relationships blow 2.
@thunderinglunie Hi, it seems you have the same thing as me Vestibular Migraine  how long you had it &amp; how do you cope
Working from home again.. Suffering from lurgy... 
&gt;.&lt; Stomach has been giving me probs since last week.... and i thought it was juz a minor tingie... apparently not... 
Attempting to stop a monobrow from forming... Sneezing and crying my way through it though 
Dentist visit. Outcome = BANKRUPT 
Backache... 
@thomaslawler I feel crappy. Sore throat 
Nose is all stuffed up and I just want to be in bed...I hate wasting such a gorgeous day being sick 
just used Betadine Sore Throat Gargle and now has the worlds most disgusting taste in her mouth. OMG I missed this weeks Gossip Girl ep 
Aneurysm is a terrible way to die. I don't want my brain to explode 
Any recommendations for good chiropractor/osteo in Cov Garden area preferably? Sore back 
I was really brave at the dentist. Sore teeth, numb face 
I remember when I was sitting next to T-Pain for time 2 years ago &amp; never realised it was him till the morning after  Deeeep!!!
@vcote I just feel like crud. Neck, back, head. It is not fun 
Ultrasound at 1. I hope they figure out why my stomach won't stop hurting! 
Struggled into wetsuit. Shoulder too painful to reach through full stroke against the neoprene. No swimming for me tonight 
Oh no! Surgery. 
textin my 2 besties (kenno&amp;Ninja Twin) mayb going to kenno's tonight.! Physical Therapy l8ter.! 
Going to take puppy to the vet. Apparently he has Lymes Disease. 
@Mollyschambrs Toothache. 
Kidneys are aching  I could scream
Sore leg. Sore neck. Sore foot. Sore nose. Burnt ankle. Sun burn. I think I'm breaking... 
Nervous as hell. Surgery tomorrow 
Knee throbbing and im forced to go shopping with no money. Torture.   -kat(e)may
Dance=Pain!!! Stretched so much!!! So sore!! Did not help the sunburn!!! 
I'm going to go hide for a while, I feel like shit. Pain!!! 
Sore from working out 
Nose hurts  head hurts  have to be here until midnight 
Knees still hurt 
UGH. Sore throat is sore. 
Throat so sore, it hurts to swallow 
Leg. Cramp. 
Workin out tommo fa sure. Ortho Surgeon Appoinment a week from today 
Sore knee 
i guesss today i will get a Migraine Attack  have started my day with a terrible headache
Up time. Stomach ache   i think i might try last minute revision outside 2day. Exams 2mo *screams* but. It is *sings* the one and onleyyyy
Ugh... I'm way too in demand.  Stress destroys the immune system. I feel a relapse coming on 
Sore throat, stuffy nose and my world wrapped in cotton. Damned summer colds. 
Pain in my head, my toes, my ties 
@jennybai Numb indeed...  You need a vacation!
@Rabidrat  ow I Sprained my neck that way Valium and 5 months physio not fun 
@General_Pain 
Knee surgery day. 20 mins. 
Doctor prescribed codine. Feeling kind of loopy, but not loopy enough 
Sinus headache.  That's all I've got to say.
Throat is killing me. Hard to record videos like this. 
my keyboard suffers from Greasy Finger Shinyness Syndrome. 
Knee hurt 
Sore from basketball last night  
Okayy hella bored! What's taking them so effin looong?! Neck and shoulders are aching!! 
I'm having the WORST time falling and staying asleep due to this stupid Thoracic Outlet Syndrome. I need Physical Therapy STAT! 
@LGM14 Thank you and yeah. Chest pains. And she won't go to the ER. 
Bloodwork hurt my arm 
This is horrific.  Stomach-turning evil.   http://tinyurl.com/p965hu HOW can anyone do that?
Brain hurts from staring at a computer screen all day. 
Stress go away please 
Just got a call from my doctor. I got to have surgery on my back. In pain as i twitt, but the show must go on. Pain is killing me 
I used to be a star collector. I think I have photos of celebs I'm met on my MySpace. Unless I took them down. I can't remember. Headache 
Sprained ankle! I got a boot....again. It hurts like hell 
My headache's are getting on my nerves...   Achy achy!  
Trying to recover from Reconstructive Knee surgery and do Sociology homework at the same time 
Feeling Terrible Off 2 sleep.  Got a Cough, tummy ache &amp; a Headache. Nite Twamily
Neck is killin 
@carole29 yup! Sore throat... 
Earlier at the ER...sux..gotta get my Gall Bladder removed  http://twitgoo.com/obq0
What a drab and dreary morning! Irritation levels at an all time high, especially as I'm supposed to be in bed not at work. 
Sprained my ankle last night, ouch 
Hangovers make me sad 
This is the part where I really dont feel lucky being a girl- Period.Pain. 
work, then fair around 6 maybe? Sore throat! 
No sleep. Stuffy nose. Sore throat. About to puke. I want you here so bad 
Sore throat 
Trouble finding gum arabic where I live, so throat lozenges are on hold until it arrives in post  Sore throat will prolly be gone by then.
Ugh!!!! Hangovers worst part of parties!! 
Calf cramp at 04:30. Ouch, ouch, ouch. 
One of my cats is really sick. Urinary infection and dehydration, and he's pissing everywhere! 
Sore head cause these new glasses I think  Falling asleep...
wonders why the change of status approval notice is taking sooo long to reach her. Itching to get out of the country for a bit. 
Knee hurts, bored 
Days kinda suck right now.... Pain is no fun 
@hairdryer hmm dya think that means retirement from SCD, Mind you it doesnt say that  oh no
Pain is excruciating. Really just want to curl up in a ball and sleep till it goes away 
Medicated n still feeling like death 
@thehypercube Dang I missed it  Had a meeting to go to and send off my girls to the Becel Heart and Stroke bike ride.
Sore throat. 
@Bonniestwit  yeah they are saying they are going to show him on Mental and its not nice all saying how dare them all saying 
Achilles Tendonitis. Out for at least a week 
Pain, and tired so I'll go to bed to start my eight hours of sleeping for 20 mins and then waking to pee. 
@the_duckie Pain again ? ohhhh  sorry for you.If i can do anything.I can't even be there with you,i'm too f***ing far
about to do some Ear Training 3 studying again 
Forehead sunburn = pain anytime I move my face 
Still Cough, so bad 
Sore beyond belief.. tsk tsk... this is the ultimate result of not exercising in a gazillion years.... &amp; all i did was cycle for an hour 
Sore throat 
Uugghhh... will be a looong afternoon, but my body doesn't feel ready for that. Malaise attack! 
Mild case of food poisoning... ughhhhh! i will NEVER eat again 
You really know who actually cares for you  especially when today is suppose to be special not one of the worst days of your life. Numb 
Feeling better,  but my head is still hurting so much... Surgery is looking as the next outcome. 
Leg cramp 
Pain, pain, go away! I hate having braces! 
Trauma sucks!!!   Therapy is gonna be long!!!  I feel normal most of he time, but those bits of flashbacks keep coming back 
Really not well today man  possible Kidney Infection 
OWWW. Toothache commencing in 3, 2, 1. 
@ether_radio Pain? 
Sore throat 
Flu &amp; Sore throat......ain't fun 
Ugh. Hangovers suck. I don't feel too good  http://myloc.me/2UWq
@Gridlock7x i dont have anyone to go with 
Today is the day I give up chocolate.  I can't deal with the Sinus pain.
Pain is being a Braves fan 
Hangovers suck. 
My dog is paralyzed...back half.  Herniated disk.
Surg tomorrow  it's outpatient, hoping for quick recovery!!!
Fatigue just set in. I have no more UMPH in my shot. 2nd straight loss. 
Playing outside with the girls. Throat still hurts, probably gonna have to cancel tomorrows activities 
@joeymcintyre so how bout da guyz tk a pic OF U its bn a while  *Sniffle Sniffle* im gettn da SHAKES! lol
@wiphey  Heart Burn?   I thought you said yes to the symptoms tweet I forgot I asked you if you were ok first lol smh.
Sore throat 
I'm sorry, Stomach. I'll try to feed you better in the future, don't be mad.  Please to be sending happy endorphins to Brain now?
Chest pains again  I really hate this.
Fingertip came off a little bit. Might take a little bit longer now 
Just realised I forgot accessories. Neck looks lonely. 
I feel thoroughy unwell. Looks like it wasn't just a hangover after all. Throat aches and I feel a tad fluey.  Reckon I'll get me to bed.
Bone Cancer 
Stress!To much homework!! I`m crazy!! 
Exhaustion has hit me early tonight. 
Allergic to seafoods! This can't be happening! Seafoods are my favorite. 
Sore throat and runny nose gone.. now I got a cough 
Ay. . . Headache. 
Nose hurts like a bitch, had to repeirce it myself. Feels like I broke it! 
Hatess Headaches 
Injected pudge then let her &amp; max play in the &quot;garden&quot;. She's increasingly frail. I don't know if she'll make it home. Geriatric kitten  
Sore legs  suck 
turns out, im worse than i thought i was... it's either whooping cough (highely unlikely), athsma or Bronchitis (most likely)  (n)
Is walking to school for stats revision. Probably going to be late but oh well. Foot hurts 
Sore throat. The kind where you have to eat or it's sore. It's so annoying! 
Throat still really hurts. I think im comming down with something 
I cannot stop vomiting. This is getting painful.  &amp; it's not from drinking. Stomach bug fer shizzle   
Probably shouldnt of eating that banana. Allergic reaction is painful. 
College in half an hour but mums dropping me in woop. Hayfever is real bad today!!!  
Sinus headache 
Left foot = fail. Physio has me out of running min. 1-2 weeks with ice packs and elevation  ... better pump the tires on me bike then!
@YatPundit Thanks! Pain feels like it's willing to let go today. I feel old and beat up 
Sore today. Hurt my back lifting stupid cheese.  damn it.
@sadiegrrl a serger is a machine that finishes the seams on clothing... and yes, it sucks to thread! Pain in the arse with 4 threads 
Morning...uhhh back to the grind  . TMJ specialist app. at 9:00. Pray!
Surgery time 
NO!  Sore throat and stuffy nose 
@cpickett32 Me too. I think I have Seasonal Affective Disorder! 
Not feeling great today body hurts and Bruises r starting to show now. On my way to see my truck and get things out of it I'm scared 
@ddlovato me tooo!!! I have Acid Reflux which is so annoying and I can't eat anything i like.  hope you feel better!
My Stomach hurts.... 
Cervical Cancer Injection  Ooouucchh!!!
Hip dysplasia, it seems, poor Bubble. 
Sprained my ankle 
I wanna by Neuro Sonic drink... Badly 
@fauxtronic poor puppy, poor kid   Traumatic experience for both.
Lethargy has taken over 
Home from school .. Brain hurts  and it's rainy yay 
Sore throat. 
Chest pains~  going to lay down for a little.
Those that have ever had a Canker Sore knows how much pain I'm in right now. 
- still nasty viral cough, nothing works.  Leg's doing ok-ish, stitches coming out at 11:10am. If they do it that is.
Headache from Hades... ugh!  
Holy eye pain batman! Recurrent cornea erosion is no fun. Minimal computer time for a few days til it settles down. 
Hand + wall = 4 jammed fingers.  Ouch!
Sore from working out 
I am stuck at home without a car, while I should be organizing to move house. A Pain. Car is at panelbeaters due to prang the other week 
I'm sick.. Coughing &amp; flu.. It irritates me.. 
Nose piercing has already closed up 
watching t.v. and recovering from Open Heart Surgery.  
Just took 14.5 pages of notes.  Brain is fried 
Going to bed early tonight! (maybe) Wrist hurst so bad from baseball. Scraped it up pretty bad. 
Sonique Diagnosed With Breast Cancer  http://jopiter.blogspot.com/
Sore throat  does not want to go to work but I guess I will so I can go beach tomorrow and not feel so bad lol.
Cough Cough Cough Cough Cough  ...getting so tired of This  When Does it ever stop? &lt;\3JLP
Neck hurts 
THS: Teen Pregnancy Nightmares. 
Sneeze Sneeze Cough Spew is how Amy goes when she's got the Flu! 
@Chisel_Chest y u think that , that makes me sad 
Misses her blackhead.                 (@KayDeeFortuin)
http://twitpic.com/7j186 - milking this a bit, but hurts like u-know-what! Ankle's sz of grapefruit!  2moro wil be worse!
Day 5 of the &quot;Buddy - Post Surgery&quot; watch.  Wound looks exactly the same as it did.  This is not encouraging.  
Foot locking up again 
Nose still sore  what else could I try?
I've just got back from Dentist  I'm in early stages of Gum Disease!
On my way to the Dentist. Getting my Teeth fixed  please pray!
Pain killers not working  Two more down the hatch!
Some extra cramping and electrics going on in my arm today  Skin healing at last, think its going to scar again.
Stress, I don't want to go there low 
@philmorle @dojau I lived half a year with Swollen Appendices! told her all about it 
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. 
Sprained my foot. I know, it sounds weird. But it hurts. It's swollen. And uhm, my mumsy is a doctor.......uh, it's sprained! 
Throat infection is torturing me.. Its been days  hiks
Unsettled night  Nurses are saying the Cramping in Arms &amp; Legs appears to be seizures, are also occuring more often
The Ghost is all spooky again &amp; moving very slowly today. Last night's storms? Heat (mid 90's this week)? Illness? And his limp is back. 
Throat is sore   Also going to need tons of coffee today...
Headache. Tummy ache. Hot but also cold. Eurghhhh 
needs to get moving. Chest congestion slowing me down 
Surgery tomorrow..   
Last night was Mental .. got in at 5.10am!!! im tired 
Swollen cheeks  and its raining!
various aches and pains today. Swollen armpit?! Swollen toe, Bruise on my cheek and stomach ache. All unrelated. Boo 
 Shoulder still playing up EEK
At the doc... Foot is killing me 
Still Cough, too bad 
Ran out of Caffeine Pills 
Throat is killing me 
Just finished at hospital. Numbing spray to control gagging reflex. ;) Only lasts 30 mins.  Any spare? Can I take some home? x
Pain from rain-soaked training session this afternoon starting to kick in... 
Bad sign: Sore throat! 
Sore Head 
OMJ Jonas brothers album out today im buying it !!!!!! :L Sore toe :L its swolen and i hurt it at lunch  xxx
Zicam Cold Remedy made my nose bleed  i don't recommend it
Zicam Cold Remedy made my nose bleed  i don't recommend it http://bit.ly/REaw5
Oh no, as a singer I have relied on Zicam Cold Remedy a lot! It has worked really well for me 
Oh no, as a singer I have relied on Zicam Cold Remedy a lot! It has worked really well for me  http://bit.ly/2XsKFn
Sore head  gettin worse not better!!
Headache  Hope this Ibuprofen is gonna kick in quickly...
@nandoism Awww my little Cancer! I wish I could be there for your party!!! 
Feeling the pain!   Surgery went well though. They took 6 lbs!!!!!  Yikes!
Sore throat go away, come again another day! The flu has such bad timing! I need 3 more days! 
I really need to go to  an ENT... a year later I,m still having a sloshing feeling in my ears.  
@573ff1 Leg cramps? 
Nose filled with ick is no fun 
Sinus headaches are not your friend. 
Nose is swollen  i have a headache. I wannntttttt waterrrrr.
Sore throat and sleepy.I don't wanna get sick 
Sore throat  don't feel good. I hope it doesn't ruin it for sat.
Surgery thurs... Sooooooo effin nervous 
Sore throat 
Sore throat 
Reuby is gonna do I'm Sedated 
Oy, why do I always embarrass myself in front of new people... Social Anxiety Disorder... S.A.D 
Sore from gym and batting practice  but today was a good day!
Urinary tract infection lecture.. 
Tore my meniscus in my right knee. Surgery here I come 
@Chisel_Chest yes, @Carrieissovery and i still have a tat to get but shes waitin on me and i'm quite the broke procrastinator 
@reader_iam Brain illnesses are incalculable. What goes on in there is such a complex mystery that what goes wrong is equally mystifying. 
Getting a. Throat infection 
My body hurts...... Brain hurts..... I'm a puddle 
Watching south park. Sore teeth... 
Suffering From Ear Pain 
Leg got hurt at camp, so I am home 
Knee hurts 
@TerriNixon Ankle is bad today, then? 
Pain pain go away. . . I cant sleep 
Asthma Attack Lvl 2: Cough more frequent and its harder to breathe 
Ligament damage, cartilage damage, crutches for 2 weeks minimum  Not a good day.
Mood is okay I need to get a list of MDs from Cigna.. I need to restart on meds.. i hate the side effects most make me sleepy 
Is still buried with tons of work , running out of time ! Stomach growling too  haven ate anything since morning !
I have decided on white linen 2day, flats of course. Ankle still killin me 
Pain = catching hot curling iron by wrong end. I love dangerous traps set for me at 5 frigging 30 in the morning before any coffee 
An early night, I think. Nose blocked and runny, throat scratchy. 
Swollen tonsils n raspy ass voice shouldve been a sign to stay home but didnt 
@gregjames You should feel bad for such women. I can't imagine that would be very comfortable. Breast reduction surgery maybe? 
It's only Wed    Foot is healing.
Throat hurts 
Sore headdddd  me not likey!
Achoo ... Achoo ... Achoo ... sookie-la-la phase expected for next few days 
Sore head 
Pregnancy=anemic,heartburn,tiredness 
has Toothache  http://plurk.com/p/11ogq7
Toothache 
Pain meds are not kicking in quick enough 
@VirtualRaven Something I ate?? Stomach has been on the fritz all night 
Throat is pretty raw, but glad going home now! Boring training session at work  could have been doing sooo much work 
My Throat hurts. 
Heading home. Stomach issues from last night carried over to today 
Teeth are killing me! 
is feeling crummy. Sore throats suck 
Injury report: left hip and knee are aching, groin is sore, right shoulder strained, left elbow pains, and both wrists screwed up 
Sore throat 
Sore throat 
So not looking forward to having MRIs done. I can think of a million other things I'd rather do on a day off  Frustrating!
Brain freeze 
losing motivation to do ANY exercise now that it's been nearly 4 weeks since the Knee Bang Incident. 
5 shots. Three moles removed. 2 steroid shots on face. Antibiotics two weeks. Mole on face- outpatient surgery 2 wks from now  #fb
@silverback88 haha. Stress stress stresss  only if new york looked like dr noone would need a vaca
Gastric pain... 
was On A Boat yesterday but still no sign of T-Pain 
Acute Sinusitus is srsbsns 
Ouch! Stomach ache.. 
Cough! Cough! Cough!.. can't seem to get it out of me. Medicine's not working. I guess its upto antibiotics now then! 
hurt himself or something. Shoulder quite sore. 
@kayte_girll Liver problem it happens in newborns but usualy goes away, they keep having to take her back to the hospital. 
Headaches suck 
ahhhgh, still up trying to finish a project. I wish I could swallow! Swollen glands has set in 
Laying down cuz my stomach aches. Pain pain go away. 
Throat still sore &amp; voice still not right 
Leg update: I think wrapping it up for work might be hindering it  http://twitpic.com/7ozj1
Pain in knee today suggests that I wasn't recovered enough to go back to the gym yesterday after all 
Brain hurts has been thinking too much boo hoo 
Wrist support with 'thumb splint' this time... Sports injuries, soul destroying 
@atmc35 He has a little bug. Coughing a lot, can't sleep. A little temp too. Mostly he's tired. 
Sore head 
@productthespic very... Sore 
Sore throat 
@pixeldiva In solidarity with you over sickness. I've been ill for 3 days. 2 off work. Aching, snotty and yucky 
@Col_RFTL  Hayfever? 
Pregnancy has made me stupid and unemployment has made me lazy. I guess I'm becoming the white trash stereotype. 
Skin On Skin... I miss that 
I couldn't button J's shirt this morning. Carpal tunnel really needs to get taken care of 
@followddt sore throat. Cough too. It's been lingering since my bday. 
In JB, cranky as hell. Premenstrual Syndrome 
Stress and sad   http://myloc.me/4hW3
I hate damp days.  Arthritis giving me jip!  I can hardly walk.  I feel 87 not 27! 
@Mellow_Knee i dunno but mine is as well dude  hope you get feeling better
Headache and Cramps...not a good mix...OY! 
Pain. Radiating Pain! Make it stop. 
My Tummy Hurts 
Sore headdddd  and miss my boy
Guys are so ughh. Stress me out!!! 
Slight headache.. Throat hurts.. Runny nose.. I think im sick 
Brain says &quot;sleep,&quot; body says &quot;play,&quot; I say &quot;fuck you, body, it's nap time.&quot; But that's not how it works, really. 
Home sick with Bronchitis, no fun 
Now officially another year older my body is packing in! Chest and abdo pains! 
 no more bbq @twinliquors bourbon tasting. Throat burning a bit fr 125 proof bakers
I feel sick. Fatigued. Chills. Body aches. Headache.  I want a nap...
Pain everywhere 
Knees hurting 
Nose to the grindstone once more... 
Pain in my right hip since Dakotah's birth... it got three times worse tonight- I'm suckin' down Ibuprofen 600's and trying not to cry. 
Sore and tired, I wish I could workout in the mornings 
Checking out of the hotel now.. The hives are back again and it's so ugly. Swollen almost everywhere   
Knee is so swollen 
Tears. Head hurts. Throat burns. I'm hot  And scared...I could die in my sleep..That experience was horrible =/
Breast cancer blood test monday. 
We don't have the &quot;Cough &amp; Cold&quot; Robitussin  I guess I'll have to take the &quot;Congestion&quot; one...
More Ice on the Foot.... so much to do tomorrow, may have to make that trip to the ER 
Pain is finally kicking in  time for some aspirin!
Sore throat, watery eyes, blocked up nose. Yes, my nemesis the summer cold has arrived. One week before hols too 
Acute sinusitis... I really wish I was in bed right now. 
Headaches suck 
Sore head 
Chest is getting worse!  x
Wooop!mite be goin on holz hubz said afta all!still  dat he didn't get ta take me barca 4ma bday,damn hospitalization! Kidney infect!gosh
Knee hurts big time 
Morning guys just woke up and I feel not so good. Nose is stuffed head is congested and my bidy feels all wierd. Mocos + aching head= 
Django, my dog, is sick.  He's suffering from Kidney Disfunction and Infection, which totally sucks as hell. (
Sneezing. Sore throat. Fever. 
I'm feeling very sick. Cough and flu away from me please~ 
I Hate Hangovers 
I measured @1wilco12's e-Penis on http://www.epenis.nl and his e-Penis is 5.9cm! Lol so small 
Sore throat just freakin great 
Lived through the wisdom teeth surgery! Woot! LOTSSSSS of Pain! 
think I should stop dancing  Leg is yelling at me but rest of body feels good. So I'm gonna not listen to its screams of pain.
@LewyLouBear  do we need to get u safety gear? Knee pads? Helmet?
Sinus infection 
Bronchitis for my birthday what a great present 
Diagnosis: Ear Infection 
Tummy Hurts .. 
I ate too much.  Stomach-overload!
Nose stuffies.. ick! why must I be sick at the beginning of summer 
Pain....lots of pain.  #namethatmovie also? #appliestomybacktoday. Lame...lots of lame.  
Teeth whitening...check....face mask....check.....crappy day at work tomorrow.....check 
I'm gonna be soooo pissed if I caught some swine flu... Achy all over, sore throat and a fever ftl 
Achy and exhausted.  This does not bode well for me actually making it out of the house tonight 
@thefirstteam Ouch  Strep throat is horrible especially during the summer.
I want new Teeth! 
@mydianaz06 Neurosurgeon says as long as 4 mnths 
Wrecked My Honda 2night  Sprained Wrist &amp; A Few Cuts N Bruises...
Sore throat 
Chest &amp; throat killing me  soo tired probably dose in a lil bit. So goodnight early
I just put simons skin peeling skillz to shame! Shoulder now red raw 
@jasimmo Actually ill. Stomach is doin a stellar impression of an olympic gymnast  i work in an opticians n looks like no1s turnin up 2day
Sinus headaches totally suck. 
MRI aint lookin good ........ Rt Knee is hanging on loose Strands of Ligaments ...  gotta meet my doc ... ASAP .... 
Has A Stupid Ear Infection 
Throat is on FiRe!  green tea with honey all day. ack.
Migraine city! Confined to my bed; hurts so bad. I have things to do today!!! Please leave 
Sore stomach. I hate caffeine 
Sore throat   I hate being sick..I always get it REALLY bad. 
Sore as hell my ass hurts my thighs hurt it hurts when i walk owwwww 
(RICH of LT) Throat infection  won&lt;t be talking in our next vid 
Throat hurts 
Headaches back 
@hardylove158 Not really.  Sore throat and stuff.
Headaches 
Toothache/jawache/gumache/cheekache. Basically, my right, lower, molar area just hurts. 
Surgery = cankles.   
It takes a lot to stop me cooking. Toothache returns- grim!!! We will now eat take away from the local curry house 
I threw up....a lot. Pain killers make my tummy upset.  At least I'm alive though...
Neck is killing me  I guess my head is too heavy
Neck / shoulder strain , today i'm in a lot of pain 
Bad today. Pain switched to right side of back w/ accompanying nausea. I hate whiplash. 
@KatGirl44 I think you're right. That's so sad. Miscarriages can be devastating 
Asleep late. Awake early. Sore throat ... meh 
@MISSMARY77 he's sick  Hemorrhagic gastroenteritis.
Shoulder is killing me 
About to shower then going to head into town for din din! Sore from windsurfing 
hanging with friends... Knee hurts 
Breast hurt from hugs and i'm still hungry 
I can say that tonight is the firs night after a full week of being sick that I feel better like 70% better. I am happy. Coughing though 
Felt dead horrible today. Medicine + sleeep all day. Just woke up and feeling better. But missed chris's txt while he's at camp  going ...
Jetlag is a bitch. It's only 7pm but i want to sleep, right now. When will it stop??! 
Sinus Infections hurt my little nose. 
My 7 year old bro put on this game show called Brain Rush. I was all, &quot;this is retarded&quot;... But now I'm really into it 
Leg hurts  can hardly walk
Syphilis is probably the grossest thing I've ever seen. Thanks Medical Terminology textbook. 
yeah. I'm totally sick. Vomiting. 
Not wearing your retainers for a month then putting them back in is a bad idea. Pain. 
Exhausted. Ankles burning like on fire. Regular mosquito bites feel like open, bleeding sores under the shower. I hate my body. 
Chest pains again... What's wrong with me?  http://myloc.me/4Ois
Chest pains and shortness of breath... What's wrong with me? 
I'm not an idiot, I'm actually quite clever. Side note- Throat does hurt .. 
I am up in the gym working on my fitness... Bicep curl is a biatch, he made me cry a little... 
Skin is bad, hair's a mess, stomach not feeling too good! 
Sore throat makes it hard to sing 
@fluffybricks aw, I'm so sorry    (we have a dog with an amputated foot. Leg injuries are always a concern)
Just deleted all the stuff on my memory card  Ankle,hedgehog,bird in feeder  Doughnuts...
Mad that the weather is getting nicer and I did not opt to run the 5K for Prostate Cancer 
Finished first draft of presentation. Brain is foggy. Giving up and admitted defeat to the ills. 
Today's Daily Injury: I just pulled the really heavy car door into my sideeeeee 
Sore throat &amp; woke up with a swollen eye,don't know if it has to do with the bee sting but i've got a big week,please pray for my health 
Swollen lip aaaaah  today already sucks.
Not going to make the @artomaticmatic #photowalk today.  Ankle hurts too bad still.
Ankle = fucked.  *limp limp limp limp* Sady, not the limp a woman can fix either.
Toothache 
Feeling the pain from friday's workout: Knee woke me up all night.  Abs really sore!!!  Ibuprofen not cutting it. 
Throat is killing me! I never get sick in the winter, but always seem to pull off a really bad sore throat in summer. 
@DJRENZ maybe it's the weather? pmsing or preggo? LOL Fatigue does that too 
Turning out to be a very bad day.Pain is killing me, haven't had a good sleep in weeks and now it seems my son's bday party may be ruined 
Has A Stomach ache 
Shoulder blade pain 
@BrumGPA I know, I know.  No way can I get there for like 1. I don't even know what to wear. omg. Stress.
@JoyAnnaMitchell OHhhhh... lolol....  sorry I missed you today.  Sinus infection - BC.   Stayed in bed all day.... you know how it is.
beginning to think a visit to ENT(Ear, Nose and Throat) dr is in order. I can't kick these sinus infections. My ears and throat hurt! 
Awwww FASEB is the same week as the Retinal Degeneration mtgs in Canada... Supposed to give a talk at FASEB so looks like I'll miss RD. 
Sore throat = 
Leg fell asleep... ow. ow. ow. 
@GALSMINISTRY76 I'm sick too. Chest infection.  I hope you feel better soon.
Ouch my teeth hurt...Wisdom teeth blow for sure...Surgery this week just gotta wait for the insurance company to approve the drs. plan 
Not feeling well today. Sore throat and no enrgy at all. I hate feeling like this. 
My boy was sent home from preschool with Fifth Disease. 
I am soo gross! Hayfever sucks ass  and I'm working! Double shame. It's a beautiful day though  now for cosmos and movies !!x
@OfficialAJC I laid out in the sun for 2 hours but wish I hadn't now. Sore as hell 
Sore throat today..  this weekend needs to come faster.
Please pray for my uncle. Cancer is getting worse and he can't get the experimental treatment he was hoping for 
Crap...my dad's in the ER. Heart is acting up again..I'm scared. 
Pinkeye     Or perhaps  ;(  since one is swollen.
is so glad she doesn't have the flu or have to be quarantined. No swine flu just nasty Bronchitis  yuck.
Leg hurt from when i tried to get on collssus, stupid leg cramp, the pain is setting in 
Sore and burnt from saturday! 
Totally bummed that Pain of Salvation had to pull out of the Progressive Nation tour 
@stereoqueenbee Unfortunately I didn't get to go to any more shows. Wound up being too busy. 
Dr is submitting to insurance for surgery! Surgery will be after vacation, so end of Aug. Found our we're not eating right 
Throat coat &amp; Ricola Throat drops are my new best friends feel like crapola 
I am not feeling so good. Sore throat and stomach ache 
Sprained my ankle..freakin hurts!!! 
Backache. Ouch 
Bloodwork in the morning!  I'm scaaaaaared!
My ulcer is making me like, having bruise all over my face.   Nose nose, ulcer ulcer, recover soon and fly to other people...
@thewhitezebra I can't sang no more! Antibiotics is doing shit all  Ill, ill, illlll 
Stubbed my toe!!  and where is the sun I was promised??
Suffering from aIDS - anti-Irritable Desk Syndrome 
My teeth hurt. Tightened my braces. Going to read my new jewelry book outside in the sunshine.  Physiotherapy in 2 hours. Headache exists 
It's warm and sticky but there's no sun  *Sneeze*
Dentist I have been  my dentist is a genius tho, didn't feel a thing...mind u still cant feel a thing NUMB! and dribbling LOL
i think i need a trip to the doctors.  Chest infection.. Booo. 
Sore teeth from eating lollies, but can't stop myself 
can't believe that the record store's already out of #mariedigby's Breathing Underwater album. sold out already? 
Going to get up and have a shower. Leg sore today pain 
Heartburn from last night's pizza...like an ocean of acid splashing against a steel pier. Antacid, please. 
Chest is starting to hurt now from all the lifts 
Sore throat  - http://tweet.sg
Is in labs finishing off an experiment very slowly. I'm need sleep. Severe lack of it this week  econd last day of work tonight as well !
*unfollow.... Brain fail 
Kidney pain. Hurts  brb...
is not very happy after reading this article: Sickness is profitable.  http://www.technologyreview.com/computing/22852/
Sore throat 
Leg is so swollen. Hurts to walk 
Knee is not good today 
Really gutted, didn't get the @aberystwytharts business unit. Not even on the shortlist. Stomach hurts. 
Toothache 
@bodhiczar I miss Chest days 
@carnellm @TeeMonster Thanks guys.  Unexplained meltdown this morning with random machines.  Not what we need week before major launch 
Out of xray, gotta wait a week! Foot is hurting so much 
Just left home depot goin placess . Surgery tommrw 
Sore throat... I'm sick 
@alicephilippa Knee is behaving today  but I am being wise and good  that's the first time I've pushed myself all day
@GottaLaff I'm doing okay.  Surgery on the 29th, a couple weeks to recoup, and I should be better than ever. ;-)
Hey People I'm Just Awake! I am so Tired Because Of Darraghs Snoring!  
@ItsDimitri Eyelid surgery. 
Injury List...Damaged Left Heel, Left Shoulder in Pain, Left Knee Shunted...My first Hat-trick as a pro Wrestler 
Dog Walking shud B fun, its grt exercise, if its not for U and Ur dog, see... http://jijr.com/hiBF Train Without Pain, instant results, 
Awwh the Deep Brain Stimulation treatments are amazing 
Is soo Sore from her work out  No Pain No Gain ) LOL
@pinkfinity hahaha, true. if they sing Achy Breaky Heart... *shudders* but we have to fight them for the big TV 
Dog Walking shud B fun, its grt exercise, if its not for U and Ur dog, see... http://jijr.com/hiBF Train Without Pain, instant results, 
@hoish with big write off, gm can be viable again.  Cough Cough Cough 
Yknow what would be an awesome job? Directing video clips  like Americas Suitehearts or 16 Candles - FOB or Freeze - T-Pain.  +job
Sleep. Managed to avoid the Swine Flu today. Tomorrow is another story. 
Can any Doctor give me comments and view on Sleep Paralysis? Want them for an article  #Sleep #Paralysis #Doctors #Comments #Suggestions
waking myself up to get ready for our 5k Cancer walk...  hope it doesn't rain on us!  
iv pain relievers. Waiting on our Ortho surgeon to round so will be able to update more then. Pressure bandage is still holding 
@PreppyDude I guess I could take pics of the brownies (shifted gears and making those now).  Cancer survivor? What kind?
is super happy to learn that she's passed Criminal Procedure. 
That's me finished, did just under an hour including a racehorse style pish break due to the water I'd consumed! Ankle is sore but ok! 
@Hyper8 I wanted to be a Dentist! 
Thinking about the Arthritis Walk. also how I need to get a bigger team together.I'm the captain. 
Following the best advice I've ever gotten: Calmed the fuck down and had a beer. With my brother. 
@amysav83 yeah dropped the bike yesterday.Leg got caught below the engine.bikes not got a mark on it mind   I'm trying to avoid stairs lol
@BreakfastNews ETS (Endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy) is an invaluable surgical procedure 
@kfb1991 I can't really say much because none of it is set in stone.. but I'm planning a charity concert for Cystic Fibrosis 
Ten min. on what I'm doing to stimulate biz.  18% off sale, good customer service, awards, Breast cancer camp., koozies, product variety 
@dean2105 Stress-free is the way to be 
@ernymi Aural goodness 
Filming the very last scene of Afflicted - then it's on to sound design... soon! soon! 
At the Wellcome Trust with Andi, visiting the Mental Illness exhibition. Should be interesting    http://twitpic.com/4wybf
@JustineDevine Beauty is Pain my girl - embrace it 
@mrjb3  wow 7 years, you would need to like it after that. Stress is good in short bursts keeps you alive 
Is In Pain From AFL. add me on myspace... www.myspace.com/ash_ii_93...you know you want to 
Beat Therapy posters look well nice printed 
Throat hurts, getting some ice cream! Movie night with my favorite dog 
Ankle throbbing...bike riding was a poor choice...but I got to leave my house 
awesome! &quot;whatever it is it's working!&quot;  @stevegarfield Did you see my mom's Arthritis Remedy: Gin Soaked Raisins? http://bit.ly/FQL8H
@socal_kid; wednesday = no doze available for @A07ENT 
@Hyperopia Feeling a bit hyper, like I am on a sugar rush. But without the sugar. 
Yay - frozen neck/shoulder seems to be thawing - I can move my head again this morning. Sore but mobile 
read the Songbirds of Pain again and missed Sir Ferds.  http://plurk.com/p/uibja
@M4RKM oh yeah, work - that thing wot helps pay the bills - knew I was going wrong somewhere.  Nose to the grindstone and all that 
I just got a tune-up at Acupuncture. And my Chinese Doctor reckons singing is good for the heart 
Knee deep in papers. Specs finally assembling 
Just finished a 45 minute workout on the Chest and went for a 10 minute run, time to finish college assignment!! 
Leg still sore. Not much to do at work. All this is excuses why I won't work hard today.  
?Morning Tweets? Stomach hurts alittle. Ate sum subways &amp; they put too much hot pepers on my sub. It'll pass 
@goeran aka Coding by Accident 
At Carolinas Headache Clinic for follow up appt to report MUCH improved! 
is surprised that she's still congested, but is still trucking along!  Sinus congestion will not get in my way today!  
@dianemulholland 2 sessions of Pilates. Pref I want to do all 3, but increase fitness is main one. Weight loss and toning side perks 
@BT Aaaaaaaah that sounds Mental 
@JHVanOphem - now your question! &quot;Brain chemistry has significant influence on suicide&quot;, will check what data there is... 
Taking a break from &quot;work&quot;  to go to my chiropractor. Neck pain does not lend itself well to painting.
just watched Mental, i liked it 
@General_Pain Sweet dreams 
@nanavette so we shall talk later and hope you get better soon if it hasn't gone away. Laughter is the best cure 
@kantrn I remember freshman year when I got sick.. you made me a theraflu  Cured me of all my maladies! ...To this day, I love the stuff
@living_autism apparently according to all the insurance companies I'm now a high risk in the Mental Illness stakes - without a diagnosis 
