Most common words for this cluster:
[('south', 286), ('north', 192), ('west', 157), ('east', 136), ('africa', 109), ('coast', 81), ('carolina', 57), ('i', 46), ('time', 42), ('http', 40), ('central', 34), ('day', 33)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'South', 0.8567960858345032), (u'North', 0.803801953792572), (u'East', 0.7944011688232422), (u'West', 0.7748039364814758), (u'Damaging_Tornadoes_Reported', 0.6968318223953247), (u'Colby_WA_#####-####', 0.6404918432235718), (u'Central', 0.6388441920280457), (u'Cloud_Expo_Cloud_Expo', 0.6302149891853333), (u'Griffith_Mortuary', 0.6254609823226929), (u'Berks_Ramblers', 0.6223745942115784)]





North carolina baby!! Aint nothin stopping them but the nba draft 
Ted just passed South of the Border..looks run down.. 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Sioux Falls - South Dakota
Just saw a rabbit hopping through Central Square.  Felt bad for it.  
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Bismarck - North Dakota
chillin with my 1 year old bff Juanita for the day. She's becoming acquainted with the West-Indian &quot;eye&quot; lol. tiredddd as hell 
@hollywills why can you not come up North and see us? 
I think the East Coast is stealin all the good weather 
Stuck in the office on this beautiful South Florida day! 
not in touch with the world..  didnt know that the IPL is happening in South Africa  thought warney was just around the corner ;)
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Charlotte - North Carolina
@lizzlefoshizzle  I am up in West Branch at the lake with the kids.
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Charlotte - North Carolina
University of Texas at Austin or South Western Adventist University?  I can't decide.
This Twitter account belongs to Georgia Williams of the SF East Bay Area in California. If you are looking for a different GW, sorry. 
I do have to brave West Quay today  need a new power lead for the MacBook.
@fulltimecasual Western suburbs has excellent pide. But you gotta travel to The western suburbs to get em 
Morning. [Afternoon, East Coast] My toe hurts. Someone stomped on it last night. 
Trying for find work in South Carolina  Hubby needs maint. job but isn't certified in hvac  We will never get to relocate!! Grrrr
@Leafybear heading up to The City from the South Coast gone from sun to cloud at Basingstoke northwards  Hope it gets to London later
@JonathanRKnight Hey Jon! South African fan here, any chances of a SA leg of the tour! I've never had the privilage, not even a hello 
2 hour flight delay, fuel stop in Manchester and now the bloody tube train is stuck @ Hounslow East ... Welcome to Monday 
is pretty sick...struggling through her first assignment. South Beach in two days...come on immune system, don't do this to me. 
@candy - this is Africa - we live in Africa 
@lazybearkhoa it's 7.18 on the East coast and I'm at school  that's why.
@Sportaholic apparently swifts got beat by a few  sigh. South African GS who pretends to be a Kiwi played well.
@asheridan oh really? Which genius bar do you go to? I got the South Coast one and so far, all the boys are fug 
is in a bind and wished there was someone who could help me! I dont know what im gonna do if things go South 
@jamesnaylor  I was standing by Nat West - bit chilly though being here for an hour, so got coat on so a bit incognito
Wishing I was in South Africa today even though its a gorgeous day in Blighty 
Both are contractually obliged to speak in bawdy Northern accents though 
@GreatRock I think my Ti29er crossed the North Sea a couple of times before I managed to get it, almost time to go across again 
just had to have 3 injections for South Africa 
Tommorow is officially the day South Africa going down the drain 
Up and at 'em, it's sunny in the West End going for a quick walk then I've got work to to 
Morning all! Lovely day here in the North West. Suppose there's no excuse now not to sort the garden out! 
Loopt fixed the funny database mix-ups...  @ South Austin http://loopt.us/whU5Dg.t
missing the Wild Wild West Marathon right now for the first time in a decade 
South Carolina Aquarium is releasing their first sea turtle of the season today...I wish I could go to one of those.  
Note to self: Don't buy Indonesian and/or South/Central American coffee expecting anything remotely as good as what Africa offers 
On my way 2 South Jersey after I get out of this long a$$ first of the month line at the post office 
@Jennybeeean aww yeah...you're going to be all the way in South Carolina.  if it's in NYC, I'm def going
@marcusprice you're not coming to West Texas. Sad day. 
@KKCornelison Walking home? Sure hope you live in the North End or something? Why don't you call a cab? 
@stuntjuiceinc @mr_bret @suzukiscoop @pleaseseeus - Hope you guys have clear skies where you are Northern East Coast is wet  ...Ride Safe!
West Side's over..   I'm going to miss everyone sooooo much!!
@a_smith We got the same on the West Side 
MERZBOW  has unfortunately canceled his North American tour as a result of the H1N1 virus pandemic.  Looking to reschedule a GROWING show.
25 channels.  Except they're all the same 4 networks - 4 times - and lots of public television.  6 months ago, there was Comedy Central.  
Darn it, there's no Virgin cable where we're moving to. Central brighton sucks for high-speed internet -- 50MB I cannot haz. 
I just got home from North Manitou Island and I need to update my journal but I'm tired. 
@staceybeeeee North Carolina!  You moving to Santa Monica this fall!?
&quot;Good&quot; morning but what's good about it? It's a typical Bank Holiday in the North of England..dull, damp &amp; miserable, booo!! 
Heading into the Northern Quarter in a bit to relinquish CDs I don't have space for 
North face store was waste of time. No climbing or trail stuff whatsoever.  just for the jackets i guess.
I wish I weren't in West Fork. 
North Myrtle Beach, SC: Perhaps I could enjoy myself if the hotel didn't charge me double for my stay  http://tinyurl.com/pv73n7
If in East Anglia and want hens - www.littlehenrescue.co.uk has 10,000 to re-home by end of June. 
@GeekySteph Sun still around in North Devon  Fair few clouds as well though 
East texas vs west texas = a permian panther loss 
I wish I could go and watch the rest of the Southern AAA tryouts, but it's mothers day and my mom would prefer it if we stayed home  
is sad that South Rock has to close. olde station duznt quite cut it. 
I miss my friends on the East coast, but I really don't wanna leave California 
@gtjuggler Durham, North Carolina. It's cheaper rent than up north. But I miss it a lot. That and unlike you, I have a shitty job 
@cruisemaven East Coast South Africa, not East Coast USA  Wish I was there!!! Just got the view the TV cameras gave us 
Heading to bed, busy day tomorrow, sad we can't go to the Due West shoot.  Traveling to Maine on Wednesday!
@tommcfly  I feel for you, man. when do you head out to South America? I hope you're well by then!
@greatmethod unfortunately, we don't have paypal or alertpal in South Africa 
West loses 
what the hell San Antonio! Im leaving in 3 weeks and NOW .. NOW u wanna open a Gay Club in the South Side!!! ur killing me! ugh im so sad 
has to go now to meet someone at Chowking. And no, I won't be going to SM North to see HIM  http://plurk.com/p/tpzid
envying the people who got to see David Cook in SM North today.  5minutes is HEAVEN for me already.
Pants ! Doc says I should stay home for the next few days, was aiming to go to Network Central tomorrow.  
Going to SM North to buy some DVDs... I missed David Cook's visit there. 
@RonDavies The situation in South Africa... a little more than unstable presently 
Only 4 teams on my bowling league...THAT should make for an interesting season...  Who wants to join? 3-person teams - Mid.SprtBowl-plz!!
@HungryHippo13 lol...yeah makes a girl not what to marry anyone in South Carolina...especially if she's small like me 
My feet hurt a lot last night. We walked all over Mall of Asia! I should have worn flip flops! 
I'm not looking forward to today..Ashley has left for South Carolina 
@lilyroseallen i wish i was in South Africa too  I miss my home town
In pune wind is blowing too slow from East Side  my room is getting hotter 
ughhhh tons of traffic on 95 North 
@Kikirowr Well, what's worse is that mine is still alive - I had to leave him with my ex when I left North Carolina. 
@bethanydillon, ill take a pack of gum...the only problem is, im in South Carolina. 
@MiaTyler Yeah, but on the East Coast, you have snow and tornadoes. Fuck that 
Went to work friend's new casa! I miss South Austin 
OMG. Jess said my South Sideness sounded like a duck  I have failed as a South Sider.
Back in LA, wishing I was still on the East Coast 
@Coventry_Guide Up here in Cov's North-East corner we do have some sun - just tree bending wind with it too I'm afraid 
Weather in North London is struggling to make its mind up; To rain or not to rain... I think the former might happen 
@RickeySmiley In South Carolina, you came to Greenville awhile ago and them FOOLS were acting STUPID for the 2nd show &amp; you left 
@carnalis it's obviously not raining in your part of West Country  it's bucketing down here... mower is happy as it gets a respite!
I need some good breakfast. Some West Indian ish.... I miss Brooklyn 
Just woke up and sure enough its going to rain all day in North Carolina no sun and beach for me today... 
Just watched a nice performance of a South African dancegroup in the hallway of the school. Made some nice photo's I think, but no cable 
@crazytwism oohh.. thats bad!! so there are no more clean and beautiful places in South India 
@nubiancounsel, speaking of disgusting, @gabgabgabby tweeted that there are 1 million rapes in South Africa every year. 
I wish a job would magically appear for me in North Carolina. 
Just leaving Leatherhead heading back to the East Midlands on a Bank Holiday Friday, M25, M1, what a bummer! 
awake...not on West Coast time yet  Gonna do an AMworkout
@alyssabarlow Have a great time at Spirit West Coast!! Sooo wish I could go! 
North / South Korea about to goto war?  Drat! PC chip prices will go through the roof if things don't calm down. So no more cheap pc's 
Sounds like North Korea is gearing up for War against North Korea. Here we go again! We can't afford lives or $$ to get in another war. 
Who would have thought that the first case of Swine Flu in the Philippines lives in Ayala Alabang Village? South peeps: we're all dead 
Coast to coast sucks tonight. Too weird 
South Africa is now officially also in recession. 
&quot;Those who provoke [North Korea] once will not be able to escape its unimaginable and merciless punishment.&quot; Oh dear, not lookin good 
It's over after today... Mid-East grad tomorrow-MHS Sunday  (excited but sad)
My last day here in North Dakota. It went ny so fast. I really am going to miss this place and the people i have met here.  Home tomorrow!
im going to cry.... i gotta add another 14 days till i get my Eastern 'Element' bike, cause im bad with maths and screwed up calculations 
My state just confirmed the first cases of Swine Flu. (I'm in West Virginia, and we were the only state in USA to go w/out it until now) 
@South3rngrl we talk pretty much every day   and she always calls when she's eating dinner!  so annoying lol
@cokebabies no plans to play in South America for now...  
Packing! Grr. Jet setting to the East Coast tomorrow  So sad!
@kristenstewart9 Enjoy the MTV music awards! We can't see it live here in South Africa tho. 
Tyler just went back to North Carolina. Waaa. 
i miss my sister so much i wish i could be in North Carolina helping her with her pregnancy and rubbing her belly &amp; talking to my nephew 
It's official.  After flying all day, the boy was in South Africa today riding some major ragers 
Out in North Carolina for my bro's World Series games. Coming home tomorrow... lost our game today  o well...next year!!!
Steam Punlk fashion show at Anime North and for the first year since TorCon we aren't back til @Anticipationsf &amp; missed it 
@AgingBackwards I use to own a 32 lbs tabby cat. Got him for North Shore Animal league he had diabetes 
South of the Border! And officially out of South Carolina until January 
I need some free #fieldnotes because I can't travel to North 3rd Street in Philly to buy my own. 
Really mad at myself for forgetting about the May 24 deadline for the 40,000 mile award trips to South America on @UnitedAirlines 
bye bye South Beach....u never let me down 
@Intelligentle This was at Pitman's down South. It just looks like business is bad all over 
NCAA Baseball Road 2 Omaha: South Carolina just hit a 3-run homerun. Dagger 2 my heart.    Mason 1 - South Carolina 3..
AP: North Korea could opt for devastating land assault... http://tinyurl.com/nmg9ht (via @Drudge_Report) Scary talk to say the least.  mm
Tonight was just a warm up for major night out in West end 2moro, gorgeous dress, killer heels, fraught with problems as big crowd going 
Back from Miami. I miss South Beach 
Has a bad feeling that this time next yr, her fav musical may no longer be on the West End 
Oh hey, look, North Korea are going to kill us all; or at least some of us. 
Just got home from Wembley after finding the A1M closed from South Mimms to Hatfield, typical! Time for bed, up in 5 hours 
@AliceOnTodd Golf club in question is in South Wales, it's not our golf club. 
is home at West Plains finishing up yard work until tomorrow. I hope  1 more day will get it all done. I hate ice storms. Cleaning up 
@supkeke damn that means i gotta dish out more money for another state, are they doing any East Coast gigs? i cant find any info 
Damn, it's going down. Nothing like a pissed North Korean munchkin dictator to blow up the whole planet&gt;  http://tinyurl.com/lx7rja
Utah's nice...but I'm starting to miss the South. 
@izzyvideo Just saw the story on Fox29 South FL, sorry to hear 
AAAAHHHHHH! I hate his uncertainty. Hopefully everything will work out. Apparently I spoke too soon about Africa though. 
Why are Indian kids such good spellers and African people such good runners?  I am a good speller but not a good runner...  
Sincerely wishes he could be at THE ROOM at the Village East tonight, but schedule wouldn't permit. 
:s last night in South Dakota!!!!  sad to have to say bye to everyone, but excited for what is to come!!!!
North Korea fired missile off again.. I think they should stop these provocations...  I'm a pacifist . kkk
@CookiieMonstaar As usual, South Africa is non-existent! I am seriously so close to running away!  I seriously hate living here!
@30STMluva Believe me, I am furious, I live in the shithole, known as South Africa  nothing ever happens here!
watching Eden of the East Episode 8 in my garage, no signal to the net there 
Why does Eden of the East only have 11 episodes. This is saddening okay. 3 more episodes and its finish. 
i just found out my favourite uniqlo African tee, the one with the flowers, got hit with red ink or something, I don't know. really sad. 
Need a good hair stylist, preferably in the East End - my stylist had a fam. emergency this morning and I'm about to leave for chicago. 
#lions Things sure not going to script in South Africa 
@calperrycnn Just wait till you have to fly to South Korea, &quot;why do you have a geiger counter&quot;? 
thanks Mr. Miller for riding at my humble 15mph pace through the scenic back end of the South Side; time to ice bruised knee + hand 
About to get ready to go to North Carolina for this show.. thing. Someone's sweet sixteen. My last show for a while. 
@ilovetickets thanks for the follow. sad that url not in South Africa though 
Key West is so close...I thought I heard the beach this morning...but no...just the fan in my room  I CAN'T WAIT!
@luluchinadoll West Elm!  I wanna go there!  I can't believe how early I got up... 
I won! I got a $200 North Face hikers pack for $50!! Some women buy Chanel, or Prada.. I spend wiser on North Face! It costs just as much 
@moogal you never come to see me in South London 
On my way home from North Carolina... back to work soon. 
Hey tweeters--this will be my last update for awhile  going to the airport soon to fly to London and then South Africa!! Dream come true!
@hullkr_online very odd. Some of the kicks left the East stand silent  heads up lads, just not this year.
Just finished  buying stuff or South Pacific at the Foothills Theatre.  They have gone under 
@Djalfy To me Kanye West WAS sexy,lately tho he's been making all kindsa cocky/ignorant remarks...not cool 
The people that work at the DQ at I-95 exit #108 in South Carolina are not nice people. 
2.5 days until I'm on my way to South Africa!!!!  Too bad I missed the Rugby today   Bulle Bulle Bulle! hehe
Off to North Port High Graduation, my little girl is all grown up! 
Currently: Beckley, West Virginia. Dead possum. 
@cbn2 Sucks. Apparently Alaska even more out of the way than small town South Carolina. 
found an amazing house to lease in West U but there's a rule that more than 2 unrelated people can't live together in that area   snobs.
So sad for the 30+ whales that were unable to get off the beach and thus put down in South Africa 
@AMomTwoBoys aw man, now I'm homesick for South Africa! 
http://twitpic.com/6b9dl - Coast run weather fail 
I really feel like I am not going to make it out to West Hartford tonight 
listening to the fray you found mewhales are beached in Africa! i wish i could help! alas im in socal  hopefully there safe
Totally just tried to go to West 6th and got lost 
@1rick know of any place that will ship them North of Tokyo?  can't find them around here 
Feels sad about all the poor false killer whales that got beached in South Africa  
@heyyitskate i bet its good, i wanna watch it too but i missed the Asia Premiere 
Huge traffic mess on 45 North at Woodlands Pkwy. Motorcycle being loaded onto a flatbed. Never a good thing 
Most distressing  http://bit.ly/1anJ08  55 whales die after mass beaching in South Africa
@gavhudson i hope you're not lying, this South Floridian can't handle the cold...the brochures lied!!! 
studying for tomorrow's exam. Only three more sleeps in Africa 
Forcing a North-Eastern diet upon myself. Black coffee instead of sweet tea and strictly british biscuits only. 
I'm going for NIN and 3 days North Sea Jazz later in July. BUT its these one off concerts back home that I miss most.  http://bit.ly/dIZl2
just witnessed a nice altercation at the local payless. Nice. Someone get me out of South East London! 
is really getting back into a Spring groove... stuck on the West End site... they were really good!! why close so soon? 
I'm going for NIN and 3 days North Sea Jazz later in July. BUT its these one off concerts back home that I miss most.  http://bit.ly/dIZl2
@nischka Instead of South America  It was cheaper
@leannenufc Silly man pissing you off, grrr  Will it cheer you up at all to know I just ordered S3 of West Wing?
Off to watch the BBC's &quot;South Pacific&quot; documentary. Outstanding! I miss my Pacific Ocean. 
http://bit.ly/gwp9Q - 55 Whales die after mass beaching in South Africa - heartbreaking 
has no followers yet.  I want to go to North Carolina though! 
Shane West is cryingggggggg. agh 
Sun finally burned off most of the clouds out here in East County and now the humidity has kicked up. Still have the front yard to go. 
So Nuba isn't open on Sundays  Any other good lebanese &amp; vegetarian friendly restaurants open on Sundays in the Lower Mainland?
Can't beleive my move to South Africa is finally here!!! Goodbye England 
@jasting my boo is on the East Coast  so I got his permission and  @jasonkennedy is my chaperone  I'm his wing girl tonight
My Burt's Bees broke in the Wild Side West BBQ area.  R.I.P.
ck out http://www.bnonews.com/ - upset and uproar in North &amp; South Korea 
Well they kicked some West Coast butt the other night by 41 points!  I have to urgently get my wisdom teeth out and it is complicated 
http://bit.ly/Axt3n  This is so v.v.sad...  44 beached whales euthanised in Cape, South Africa
left her Mummy in the Tube Station at South Kensington when she really belongs in Cornwall - it is all very odd! 
The cost of electricity in South Africa could increase by 90% this year.  Huh - talk about 3rd world 
@timlandslide I miss South Wales more in the summer, for exactly that reason 
Nice... looks like North Korea is working on ICBM's  (intercontinental ballistic missile)
omg North Korea has tested a great number of missiles  @bigbigrabbit no i don't
@RubyGold @ismail @NadiaPadayachi It seems we agree - disclosure very important. Seems we're bad at that down South though 
can't wait till South Africa gets UK spec internet... 
@ManuelViloria unfortunatley not  I'm looking 4people that live outside South Africa 2talk about where they live. have you ever been 2 SA?
At the vet getting my dog checked out. She may have a UTI.  @ North Hills Animal Clinic http://loopt.us/3O3Klw.t
@ehasselbeck We didn't get to see the interview on the East Coast due to the Prez's talk about GM 
@Rubey It isn't on until 1:30 here. It's live to the East - tape delay here 
http://twitpic.com/6f2fy - I found my favorite hat! I miss North Carolina 
@LaurenConrad missing audio on the West Coast too!  It's ok tho, still an awesome show! We'll all miss ya!
@PensieveRobin His route is Paris to South America so we are trying to reach him. He doesn't check email very often. He isn't a believer 
@Mythstery I'm moving back to Htown for a couple months before I leave for North Carolina.  Only two and a half weeks left in Austin! 
@nerdist West cost is seeing Project Natal. Are we 3 hours behind? I thought it was live. 
@lisarinna is there anyway I can buy your book signed? I live in South Georgia  can't come to signings
@msmack9871 went to the West Oaks Mall -  was very empty   mostly moms and kids
I'm still in my bus and dilligently tweeting.   Construction on GPW South.    
@WhippetSnippets finished grad degree on South Island, but moved to North Island at beginning of May. Looking for job now. 
cannot decide on a hotel to stay at in West Hollywood 
Guests are gone.   Abandoning South Beach Diet before starting because I cannot imagine two weeks without fresh fruit!!
@jhummrich East coast peeps don't care  
24 in West Covina is ugly and small. 
@alexandrakor NL West is the worst....every year!! But, that's where we are 
Prepping for a trip to South Africa next week... Won't make a Lions game though! 
False alarm... Halo 3 is actually Jade Empire... Jealous of discussions of South Africa!  
North Korea pushed forward with preparations to test-fire more missiles - long range that could reach Alaska. Not looking good 
@eddieizzard 68F and sunny here in North Carolina, but I shall soon go home to Melbourne where it's 52F and rainy! 
Have run errands to East Dulwich in glorious sunshine - now about to clean communual hall 
Headed to the good old town of West Liberty...chicken feathers everywhere, kinda sad 
@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/6grz8 - Gee wish i could be there. No premieres for South Africa  have to settle for the good 'ol cinema ...
I'm so sad I'm missing the Pearl Market yet again.   I may venture out later to the North Market.  Maybe.
@CatalystLeader Aww man! Y'all should've hid one down here in South Florida like Miami. 
@patrickcmurphy I feel your pain.  Remember the North Stars?  
@webaddict Aww, how sweet of ur neighbor 2 bring u dinner.That doesn't happen often here n SoCal, which is what I miss abt the South. 
@petitchatnoir we all will, I think it was a pretty pivotal part of group, it was like our Grand Central and now we're all gone 
UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I just got home from the South Plainfield Carnival. It rocked minus the fact they ran out of pizza frites 
 i got mosquito bites ALL OVER. is West Nile still a threat?! D:
: you guys won't be hearing from me for a while. I be grounded.  Peace in the Middle East, Rain in Spain.
Trying to find a better cheap flight to Rapid City, but my FF (American, Northwest &amp; Southwest) don't fly there 
@Superstar_South  But if she lied im sure a good lawyer can help
reading about Bushmeat trade in Africa - that's so sad 
@dctcool It's had status upgraded here.The kids next door have it! I live in the Northern suburbs 
@unsignedguide Indeed! It's grey today already  How's the weather just outside the Northern Quarter?
North Korean K Jong-il eats LIVE FISH    http://bit.ly/1uloku
Dull gray day again!  The summer is NEVER coming to the East Coast 
I should not be sweating at 7am!!!! Sometimes I hate South Texas 
Been using #bing all day set to US - the South African edition is still in beta 
Just removed North Star MBS events from our database as they've ceased trading and cancelled all their fairs 
@corrinschlecht2 I'm sad you guys won't be able to go to Africa.   I know you were really excited about it.
@NetterB I go every Friday to one on East Broad. Always crappy 
Craving Indian food from a restaurant in North Miami. Guess I am out of luck. 
Dad got to have his sitcom finale moment turning off the lights at his old office today. He really is moving to North Carolina 
I hate studying  Save me! APPLE tonight at West Hollywood...Come 
@CibariaSoapOils oooh... will have to check it out!  probably won't apply to us East coasters tho 
just left sunny West Columbia for rainy Columbia! 
hoping to make a move to South Carolina but not sure if well make it 
Work sucks today.  Now on my way to South Bend. 
@jordanknight wish I sould be any where close to your shows   Pls come to South America!
Leaving West Covina  I love you jayhundreds  @jeffmora
Have a lot to so tomorrow before leaving Sun. For East Coast trip with beautiful teen. I'll miss my dog. (already said that I know)  
Central Europe showing its true colors again  http://bit.ly/we8xm
@misswhipass yep the weather is gloomy in North Devon too 
@nickybyrneoffic. Its pooring down in North Wales &amp; cold! 
Saturday (#tokyo time) stuck in da office ova 12hrs..first was an earthquake now North Korea...might not make it home  My job suxxxxx
@Ariatina14 yeah unfortunately, lol, quite far up North. I'm going to have to stay7hrs at Terminal 4 waiting for a 7am flight to Oslo 
@thismanslife She's no Weedgie, she is unfortunately East Coast 
@SaraPRobinson It's grim up North and also in the West 
it's soooooooo cold in england 2day!   I thought it's supposed to be summer?!?! this is more like South Africa's winter!
@davecurrie #onething I wish for is peace in the Middle East.  So much misunderstanding, unthinking hate on all sides 
Aww West Indies beat Australia... Hooley dooley 
Just reached South Carolina &amp; its been raining cats &amp; dogs! My stuff is getting wet!!! 
@tommcfly i won't go to your concert in Chile,South America tomorrow.  i'm so sad  hope see you one day, love you&lt;3
Packing...moving from Upper East Side to Union Square! 
Just saw Makedonia-Norway (Football/Soccer)...  we will never make it to South-Africa!!
@Naytally well what with being in South Africa I think I'm always going to be the last to get my tee 
Goodbye North Carolina! 
Central TX Dachshund Rescue http://CTDR.org is in desperate need of foster parents! They are having to turn down little doxies in need. 
Went to go see The Middle East (the band not the place..) and I only got to see the support acts cause I had to leave early 
Packing to go with @energion to AL/West FL Annual Conference for UMC. Will be so nice to work with my parents! Leaving girls for 1st time 
Wish I could see the world cup next year in S.Africa 
@CorkyIsCrazy Nope. The South American tour ended 
West Texas = cell hell 
Hurricane season on South Beach  http://myvid.me/2Skl
is a lil bored....in West Chester with nothin to do  how lame
What channel is Titanic on? I'm on the East coast and can't find it. 
@natalieridout a town called Chesterfield in North East Derbyshire, its stopped raining now but looks grim out there 
@sarahstanley ME! - for an hour and a half. (In Central time!) leaving vacation. 
is very frustrated at not being able to buy 24 redemption anywhere in South Africa, what is it with place 
picking up froyoooo with Jackie-- then heading to the aiport to send her back to the West Coast 
picking up froyoooo with Jackie-- then heading to the airport to send her back to the West Coast 
wishes she was home in Chicago for the South Side Half-Marathon   #fb
@questlove If I was in Philly, I would attend. Damn it, I'm in L.A.!  I'll be on East Coast in 2 weeks...
@Kywstr dude i just got back from Key West. i wanted to call and drink with you but we were out on boat everyday and just busy. sorry 
@jimmycarr Ohhhhh crap!!  I forgot you were up here!  Wish I'd got a ticket   Hope you have a good gig.  We're not all mad in North Wales!
Just finished watching the last ever episode of The West Wing. Feel a little upset now, has been a part of my life for the last 6 months. 
#celiac #gfree Where do find an easy Brazillian bread recipe - or a store that delivers in the South Okanagan? Been looking for 4 months 
@lola909 Ainda??  #Dirty South
My East Carolina Pirates lost  - It's ok boys, you had an amazing season anyway!! Now that means FOOTBALL season is on the way!!!
@jimmyfallon Yeah MGMT are awesme! Pity we dnt get ur shows here in South Africa  loved ur DMB GPS!!
No fash in the North East, but 52,000 votes is way too high. The far left managed just 18,000 votes between us  #eu09
@Laienne Totally agree with you, I can't believe they have so much votes already in just the North East.. 
Figures and rumours from North West and Yorkshire/Humber are making me nervous  Nice to see Greens polling so well in Manchester though.
Not looking forward to the West Midlands results - apparently we are the least bothered about the elections in the country  #eu09
@fredharrison perhaps that newscaster error with North Yorkshire and testing nukes wasn't so far away after all 
@tommcfly Great that you are fine now! CONGRATULATIONS for the South America tour, we are gonna miss you guys SO MUCH 
@tommcfly back to England? South America will miss you  please come back soon
loves how the sun is out and the sky is clear, but just cant stand that Pueblo West wind 
Damn, no Green MEP in East Midlands 
@hollyalyxfinch Well, I'm from South West too &amp; am old enough but found out I wasn't registered too late - totally lame of me - sorry 
#eu09 Shit the fucking bed, NO MEPs in the South West? 4th place?! It's like watching a car crash 
staying up until North West results come in ...... hopefully Griffin will lose .... real danger though 
if I go and get shreddies I might miss the North West election results 
Hope Not Hate site says BNP have gained another seat in the North West... 
BNP 9% in West Midlands...  At least no seat there...
Nick Griffin wins seat in North West   The two areas I've lived in have elected fascists.  I'm fucking furious. #eu09
We let the wannabe Hitler in. Shame on us North West. 
This is depressing + embarrassing for every decent person - - &gt; #EU09 - - &gt; #BNP Nick Griffin won North West his fascist party 
Nick Griifon is now a BNP MEP for the North West  . Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck...
H1N1 patient took the train from Serangoon to Kovan on the North-East line. MY line  I hope they thoroughly disinfected all the trains...
I miss going to see shows on broadway or with my boys in West End  watching the Tonys!
um. um. um. &quot;America&quot; should have been performed instead. Oh, West Side Story. 
I'm sooo sleepy but it's early!!! I'm still on East Coast time 
Just said goodbye to Josh, AGAIN. Goodbyes are never easy, even though he'll be back in 2 months. South Korea is so far. 
Currently on a bus to the West of Ireland. There's free wifi on the bus too. Too bad I put my laptop in the bagagge compartment 
rain back, sun ran away to Africa or somewhere 
Have received word North Korea is responsible for my email outage. I'd consider war, but I'm pretty sure they'd be better at it than I am 
@Sawplus Not raining over here in the South.  still crazy hot. yup lezgo I'll try to catch you guys when you're playing!
@sebr get a ticket? North Sydney Council left a parking turd on our car today too 
@richard4481 You have to be South African to be able to win 
@glennguan just started? I just reaching Central Market. 
Laugh, but I finally got a Nigerian Prince scam message. Only he's West African, so I guess that still doesn't quite count 
Aw I missed the Black Author Showcase Tweet up! 9 a.m. East Coast is only 7 a.m. out here. 
@lazycoder Just imagine this country getting hand on Nuclear weapons, North Korea all over again. 
medical apartheid really sheds light on how Africans and African Americans were treated by the medical field. 
@EarthFare I wish you guys had a store in Central Florida  I hear so many great things about you!
@casinoweb Noo! I can't go  I live in South America!!!  I'm sad. You've a fan here in case you want to come n_n (Dreaming is for free!)
Final East Coast shows.    http://tinyurl.com/m7zpoz
Mediocre #thunderstorm rolling through South West of #Poughkeepsie. I'm told this morning's which I mostly slept thru  was a classic 
Leaving Oahu's North Shore and headed to Honolulu airport.  Not ready to leave!
@star_johnson Rub it in why don't you? Amazon should open a South African/African division. Its not fair 
@Orchidflower Most of mine were done in south Africa. Bestlocal is Martin in North Camp near farnborough.He's booked up until Dec though 
Why is the last hour of the day always the longest?? I'm so ready to leave but the shuttle doesn't head North for another 45 minutes 
@WiteRa33it Oh good, you caught it. I was trying to see it from South Street, then I remembered beautiful things don't visit there much 
Jealous of all the snow down South, sun is shining here 
@mattfazzi why are you guys not coming to South Florida? St. Pete is a 4 hour drive for me and it's just not happening 
@ColorblindFish @ebassman @_CrC_ @YoungQ Yumm...your dinners sound good. I miss being on the East Coast for fresh sea food!! 
@iSukk my brother is a BRILLIANT masseuse/myotherapist (that's muscle therapy) and ppl swear by him but he's here on the Coast 
East Lansing tomorrow, too bad its for a test 
I just found out one of my best friends is moving to North Carolina in a month and a half..  I could seriously cry right now.
@kuuipo1207 Buy plenty! There is no Guava jelly in the South.   I'm going to have to get my Sister to mail me some.
@damohopo  #ceavagebarrometer showing poor weather for the Nprth East. 
@invalidname looks like Chess in Concert isn't going to make it to the West Coast.  
Ok so it turns out the gig at the Douglas Vaults in South Shields tonight isn't happening  sorry guys
Was admitted to West Allis Memorial Hospital today-this sucks   I can't even sleep in this place
@wattsupman England lost though  To the West Indies. Boo!
was home in South Africa for a week and then my kitty was killed by a car...I am sooo pissed off right now...and sad 
The office is starting to feel like the North Pole thanks to the air con... as soon as the sun shines, they freeze me out! 
@italylogue I always dreamt to visit the US West Coast; I'm really sorry about that  Are you coming back soon?
Had some crazy weather here in North Platte yesterday, got some pictures of some ominous clouds. Unfortunately it affected our show. 
@mfrancopt Cairo is next week for Intel's European/Middle Eastern partners - don't get to go to that one 
@davidgregory reminds me of the West not rushing to help the Czechs when they rose up all those years ago. We left them out to dry. 
@kdando they aren't open to more users. I've been on the waiting list since it was Grand Central. 
@nannynick STILL trying to find a part time nanny in North Devon. You guys are hard to find down here... must be the part time thing 
Morning..traveling East soon   ...what is that weather looking like?
@PassionMD I miss her.    Cambodia's  just like North Luzon, but with a richer history &amp; culture.  The temples are beyond awesome!
@JenEstroff Believe me, I wish I'd been at Eastern WA weeknd too 
#WT20 - India vs South Africa begins in some time. Is it even worth a watch now?  so very sad for Indian cricket 
@dermotcasey I thought it was today's paper? Tweet said supplement in today's Irish Times on West Cork 
@Suezeta Da East went downhill starting when they closed the rink 
Really don't feel like going to work tomorrow  Mid-week public holidays make me lazy.
Is India headed for another debacle in match against South Africa? 
@Akkriti North Carolina unfortunately... 
@pamkulik East Coast for now  Sorry.
India lose to South Africa by 12 runs. Unimpressive. Thoroughly! 
@sarah_marina when is the MA show? awe girl. is this it, after this week they leave the East coast? 
In North Hollywood surviving  the flaming sun!!! 
The clouds finally moved out for most of Region 8 allowing temperatures to warm quickly. Mid and upper 90's the next couple of days. 
@kellyisthere soo so much true. thats really the worst part: Birdies' &quot;Southern style&quot; food just doesn't cut it. 
sad to hear about North Shore Music Theater going out of business. Another great theater falls victim to the current economic state. 
@Whatever_Ista Really have no idea. There have been racist attacks in South Belfast before, but this is probably the worst I've heard of 
RIP North Shore. So close...yet soooo far 
@EVAxR0CKz I was looking for it but it's not showing on the East Coast right now 
@hozman911 have not brewed in a bit  We just moved to Boston and love it! When are you coming to the East Coast?
Lost to South Africa 
as my East Coast ppl watch the good shows, I have to fiddle thru the dvr until the good shows hit this side   
@just_tisha ugh... You don't wanna know... East Texas. 
Off to East Coast for an entire afternoon of work  Hope I can squeeze in 2 miles in the evening.
the Louis Vutton store at the Garden State Plaza doesn't carry the Kanye West sneakers   I wonder why, they'd sell like CRAZY if they did.
@all4you_AJ I live in North County, so it's really not that far. What's the matter, hon? 
is upset he could not host the North Korean family. 
@PatrickPatience ahhh wish we had that here in South Central LA  Were stuck with 700k or so down :| Hollywood's got 10Mbs 
M'ning All from a grey &amp; cool South Wales.. No brecky on patio this morning. 
India, Bangladesh, Australia, New Zealand &amp; England all are out of T-20 Cricket World Cup now! So sad  South Africa, West Indies, Sri ...
Things just get worse in the Middle East.  http://twitpic.com/7lyb2
Gaaah  So annoyed I can't go to West End Live   
West coast &gt; East coast jet lag is kicking my a** far more than the London &gt; NY kind. 
@BigB3n The windows don't open in this building. Central air-conditioning goes off at 6pm on the dotty 
oh no! where in the world is @Bananamtx! did she get lost at Central Market?! 
@crispynoodles I once lost 10kg in a few weeks. Mid-life crisis. I wish I could summon that amount of anguish right now  #fatfatfat
North Shore Music Theater shuts down   http://bit.ly/19HfHa
Last day in Jerusalem  --&gt; On to Jordan and home the 23rd. Middle East I love you.
Anyone hear about the North Shore music theater closing? Couldn't swing the costs for the summer season. So sad. 
Fixtures were announced today for football, Newcastle start away to West Brom..  Could of been better
@Uphouse Since coming home, I havent watched Price is Right   I need to find when it comes on the West Coast X_X
@stephenfry raining in the West End now 
@shanedawson ComdeyCentral? We get that in the UK but the TV listing shows South Park. Major Bummer Dude 
@nikamay we need some of that head over on the East... 
Traffic is moving at snail's pace on Queen Street East. Streetcar moved one block in 10 minutes from University to York. 
Goodbye North Hampton 
Call me a dreamer...but I do believe...and I do get scared when I read news about North Korea  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Q0Eyw3l3XM
Registering online for classes is such a hassle. Transfering to North campus, sooo sad 
@hollyrpeete yes, girl! On the 1 train from the Upper West. He wasn't rly cleaned up and didn't look well. She was holding him up. 
I'm still wishing we could have gone to TNNA this year   Stitches East, anyone?!
Not a drop of rain in West Seattle! Dry streak still on as far as I'm concerned. 
Ugh. Looks like 70% chance of rain on Saturday. This does not bode well for the South End Garden Tour. 
@jonrobert please dont pass out! I will seriously cry.  stupid mosquitos! West Nile Junkies with nothing better to do than to bite us! :O
Planning to get my drink on this weekend before I start South Beach diet next week. No booze for the first 2 weeks. 
@westsidegyrl http://twitpic.com/7ofmv - I'm in Love LALA why can't you be in the East Coast 
Last night in the South 
I hate how West Coast supermarkets only carrying 50 percent of the Goya collection 
@edziardo re Today's lunch. -- I call that East meets West (&quot;EmW&quot;) menu. I use to grumble if EmW menu turns up in my ofc lunch box 
Sunglasses broken. No more shall i resemble Kanye West. 
But the buns that i usually buy are not available anymore..  so, we have to head to Jurong West area to buy some food.. Jus reached ho ...
thinking about North Korea and other (semi) closed regimes and the level of brain-washing,control and,repression people there live under! 
looking forward to the Irish, Welsh and English Lions v South Africa on Saturday  #lions #rugby
wonders why nobody bothered telling me that R. Kelly is coming to South Africa and performing once in suncity  nice friends i have!
Hot and steamy here in the South.  Hope I don't melt!
Listening to Aaron Shust talk about Africa! O how I miss Africa! 
@tonyhawk  Luvd Woodward East...sent both kids last summer.  total fun and wrth the $.  Wish I could send them this summer 
East Coast yall kno wuzzup lol so I didn't wanna wake up so hard  but because im Jay walkn im startin 2 feel like im takn flight woah.....
i felt like i'm inside oven today  .. it was 50+ in Jubail East of saudi arabia
@IamSheree Yeah unfortunately the East Coast hasn't been seeing much sun lately 
Rapists MUST be punished the way they do it in Middle East. I wish India implemented it 
@Top25songs @top25songs  Aagh  Unfortunately I can't listen to anything - live in South Africa... Oh well, nice concept though.
A trek from the North East to Brentford for meetings  is looming.  Just what you need at the end of a long week! Roll on a foy train trip 
@judithsthoughts I'm pretty sure no one has the magic decoder ring for North Korea will do - including North Korea 
@North_of_49  I am one jealous girl right now.
@StaciEmery actually not that hot in South Bend today  Cloudy and cool
hopes that all ships going or coming out of North Korea are thoroughly searched. You can bet they have 'something' incriminating on them. 
South africa's world cup curse seems to continue 
My first time ever in South Carolina &amp; I get pulled over. 
@CHRIS_Daughtry It's rainy here in South Jersey, as well 
Why did I say no more beer until Key West?  #fuckinghenry
Woot woot....Pakistan won.I'm immensely sad for South Africa though!  I just don't know what I want! #peterfacineli Follow @peterfacinelli
@akojen North where North...North of Scotland is beautiful...sometimes the weather is nasty thooo, need waterproofs 
There's no way not to come across as wimpy here given that I lived out West for 15 odd yrs... but man rain depresses me 
North Korea is up to no good.  I hope we are able to resolve the tension...I hope its not as bad as it probably will be. 
#inaperfectworld My folks wouldn't have to go back to South Africa on Saturday 
I believe that someone is remembering all the bad things about the South.  Including the heat 
North carolina is losing  so sad ..
North Carolina just lost. 
North Carolina out @ CWS 
South Africa have done it again 
@paperclipface Also, I don't know my way around Africa 
@hkFashionGeek it's true!! Been raining on the East Coast on and off for the past week 
http://bit.ly/gsgIe  I miss South Africa and all of it's people so much tonight!!! 
is devastated about South Africa's loss in the t20 world cup!!!   still love them though ...
i'm not iphone launch because, i'm from South Korea 
I won't be needing those tickets for the South Africa v Sri Lanka cricket final on Sunday after all.  
The latest run of the research software I'm working with failed spectacularly.  Back at IBM in South Bank debugging 
@__Anya__ it's ashame your taco cravings are only of South of the Border variety  hehe
can't move in this Minnesota humidity! packing it up for the East coast again...but want to stay at home on the farm longer 
Man, the State of North Carolina is a bunch of liars.  
I'm up facing the music.  Have to drive out to North Frisco, and I'm not too excited about it..... 
Folsom Street East looks like it may be rained out. 
@truejerseygirl I went as a kid in Scotland on the North Sea. They were catching cod and whacking them on the head. Cried the whole time. 
VPN download is taking tooooo long!!!!!  @ FMAY - West York http://loopt.us/lxNARA.t
@30SECONDSTOMARS We are waiting info about Digital Summit!!! there's no summit planned for South America... 
http://twitpic.com/7t76q - Tennis buddy's wife, Sam. Our last outing before they move back to East Coast. 
@DoctaCosmic i read your message way too late we ended up in West but decided to go home after getting all dressed up 
Sad part of being the average South African...I was mugged a couple of weeks ago...And the worst part of the whole experience...Paperwork 
@wormyeyes Ahh I wish I could make West End Live . Unfortunately, it's my friend's BBQ and I don't think she'd be too happy with me. 
Keep Eastern Shore, Ash, and I in your prayers. We're having car troubles. 
Really bummed to be missing All Points West this summer- line up looks great!  No rock music amongst the Kenyan wildlife!
Eden of the East  ..
Wazup with North Korea? Troubles me that it seems like they want to start WWIII 
West Side bound M57 is late twice over. 
hair app made before my trip back to the D! I can't wait to see the East Coast, haven't been home since December 
@n5iln not yet on the West Coast 
Back from a relaxing, Internet/work-free week in Zim, Zambia, Botswana and lovely South Africa (CPT)... packing now for the States 
Wish I was on South Beach with you again, just talking. 
@djmajestik I will be on the West Coast next weekend....  
So... Eden of the East Episode 11. Finishing a story. Not really. I liked the series but must await the movie for my final verdict 
@ktjbpa2006  I tried to avoid Internet while JB were touring in South America, except in my country! But it was impossible! 
@djrhythmics Can't see it, homes.    Region restricted.  Probably have to check it once I get back into North America.
Just went driving down South Parkway to see if the power was restored so that I can get to my mailbox. Still no power 
As someone who loves babies (I adore South Asian babies!), sex-selective abortion just breaks my heart. 
A rainy Sat onThe Central Coast   have been entertained(naat) by daughters about to flatshare arguing about the places they're viewing!
@Band_Candy its 9am here in South Africa. Most places should be opening their doors around now. I'd never know, not a morning person 
@yogasanctuary All the cool events never happen @ the East Studio... 
@therealpickler  Kellz i love you!!!!!!!!!  your so adorable and im from the south too lol :o) North Carolina baby but now im in Utah 
http://twitpic.com/7vvjo - Mid-stretch. I hate my camera for the simple fact the picture wasn't clearer. 
I so desperately want tickets for this year's North Sea Jazz festival. They're just expensive beyond belief. 
Just booked the flights to Finland for @annije and the kids. They'll spend freaking 30 days up North while I'll be for the most in CH 
@soccermastery Hi thanks for following! I'm not going to South Africa, It's too far from here  But I wish I can go there...
Feeling a bit sick, almost fainted before. First time that's ever happened, strange feeling. Watching a sad show about South African kids 
my knees hurt soooo bad today  when i said &quot;wouldn't mind being at West End Live&quot; I really meant I wish I could go coz i wanted to so bad
@eliiiiza Woolworths Geelong West. My local. 
Within a week, visitors from 15 countries to http://www.AxureWorld.com, but so far no one from Africa or East Asia 
Try South Africa 
Going to Key West for the first time in the CRJ700. It's going to be awesome but too bad it's a roundtrip 
I woke up at 5 and now I'm like half sleep...someone get me a pillow and blanket and send it 365 West Broadway, thats where I am 
havn't been on twitter for a while now, i hate it when my father goes to work in Africa 
Stupid South Africa 
1h instead of 20 minutes to get back into Brussels from the South 
Watching the lions get spanked by South Africa 
Nooooooo just heard The Lions lost to South Africa - gutted 
My favorite African bracelet that has been on my arm for over 5 years broke today. 
@mclovin729 - Yeah, they're the top team in the world in FIFA rankings. South Africa are 72nd  I don't mind who wins any of these games.
North/South on the west end of the city is always a waste of time. Stuck on dufferin 
WSA 90 boys lost to South Texas 4-1 
@amygrant Still using the hula hoop? I'm going to miss the boom boom of the Creation East hospitality trailer...can't make it this year 
Lions lost agaimst South Africa 2day...  but we gave them a good match next time we will win ! xxx
Lions lost against South Africa 2day...  but we gave them a good match next time we will win ! xxx
Watching Spain - South Africa..... damn vuvuzela's 
Just sitting here thinking. Taking oldest son to college tomorrow in South Carolina. Little sad! 
Ah...the South Africa, Spain match 
Llorenate scores Spain's second goal  Spain 2-0 South Africa  Keep it goin South Africa as long as Iraq dont score den you'll be fine :/
It's a parking lot on I-45 South from Beltway 8 
It's blazing in the suburbs. I'll have to do an early evening workout at Hinsdale Central. I'm out here anyway. Missing NON's 800 though 
Spain 2-0 South Africa  unlucky South Africa at least you qualified coz you really dererved it after the last few performances
@FreddyGipson I wanted to see that, but parental controls have kept me from doing so. Same thing with South Park 
@raptor_alpha  You guys have the worst weather! You need to vacation in the South!
Laying down by the West entrance of campus. I need to chill, i am so pissed. I need my wallet  rawr!
why can't North Korea mind their own damn business? I'm not ready for World War III. 
@Footballwife 102 here in Central Fl.  yes and I'm following Change_for_Iran and their tweets are very sad too.  They'll need prayers.
@kylejames I'll be gone  Moving to North Carolina at the end of July.
Garett just told me about North Korea; I'm afraid 
I can tell you It's not on the East coast. 
http://twitpic.com/7yize - This is my niece Lilly , she is leaving in a week to North Carloina where she lives  making me a sad panda
Currently passing one of many prisons in the Central Valley, good ole Corcoran State, also strange smells permeating the train 
@Jonasbrothers Miley is going to be there right? Why don't we get cool surprises in South Florida?  well see u in 60 days &lt;3
Hey what time is it in North Amarica? I have a date on myspace but I think I am late. 
@therealpickler so kellie, I was really sad when you didn't have time to come into our store (Trail West) in Nashville on the 10th 
@ButterfliStar @MissMayMayBaby ok bish's... I miss you and having dinner and getting drunk, then going out..  South beach life.. too bad
Wtf happened to the West End? I used to remember coming down here as a kid and now there's nothing here 
@tyhunt omg i know right?! i used to go to the West End all the time but it seems to have pretty much disappeared 
looking forward to another photographic bliss this coming wkend...sigh...and its only a Middle East Monday 
Playing pool with Luana in the city then going to go see The Hangover at South Bank. Work tomorrow 
@Courtney_SODMG South Africa.... thought i told u !!! lol it was coold!! ughh 
@gabanti haha yay!! courtney wants to go with us... but will be in South Africa 
So tired of the rain! The Northeast seems to be locked in to crap weather 
Every middle-aged male in West Norfolk in Argos buying electric shavers in half price sale but stock conveyor belt broken. Ugly scenes 
preparing for the T20 finals at Lords. I'm not happy about West Indies not playing the finals 
Ahhh.... I have to memorise all the Central and South American capitals! 
@NomDuJour it's sort of a hidden treasure of West End. I've been once every other time I walk past it's shut 
the pied piper is in Africa n the only thing i can do is wish i could go!!!! 
Hairspray closes tonight!!  But West Side Story opens Wednesday!!...Bittersweet to say the least.
@ki11j0i   You may want to wait until AFTER summer to visit the Central Valley ... Weatherman said it will be triple digits next week 
The ending of Eden of the East was disappointing.  But I can't wait for teh movies. I do think it'd make a good film and Live Action
I totally forgot about West End Live this past weekend! Gutted  
Wishing I was going to see the Charlatans on their North American tour... sigh... but they're skipping my city this time. 
members i added a candid video from my trip in Key West! i just wish..they allowed cameras @ my fav clothing optional bar  on the roof top
@nerdist Ya, you definately need to come to South Dakota! There aren't many great comedians that come here! 
Morning! On the way to Simei ITE. Travelling to the East is such a hassle  #fb
Is wishing Eastern would get my transcript in the mail already or else I won't be registered for classes 
South jersey is like devoid of jobs srsly.  
@JackiePearce she's in Africa - haven't heard from her at all 
@Jayze UK South east. hotest temp today was 25.5 degrees (in the office) now down to about 23 with draft  still too muggy!
@suchithewriter  Looks like its gna be one dry year in South India... 
@JohnColby After the emag - I WANT Lucy from West Calder! But she doesn't like other dogs  I could never visit a dogs home....
@amber_benson Missed your East Coast signings  was in Key West...  Hope they went well!
Off to see the Fire Marshall about our sprinkler system and see the exposed South wall- supposedly horrible. 
@nandiaramos What?! Free tickets? Why oh why don't I live in South Africa 
@TaylorSpreitler Sweet! Too bad I live on the East Coast. 
Halfway thru ride, stopping to refuel. East falls loop-40min exactly. Out again for another loop when done energy beans. Dead ipos. 
That dude's hat-bag-shoe combo had enough colors in it for every gay parade on the East Coast. 
@iamdiddy Pls in Africa we are not up to speed  What movie are you shooting exactly???
Almere, we've got a biiiig problem. Renter lost his job and has to get back to South Africa next month.  Anyone looking for an apartement?
http://twitpic.com/8ckdz - BLVD East in WNY; qosh I missed it 
@Whatever_Ista Im not suprised. Could transfer my job to South or West Aussie but my wife won't go due to her family. V far far away 
Dad left to North Carolina. 
M'ning All.. Is it summer or winter eh?! It's tather chilly this morning in South Wales... 
@zipfox I brought one without checking the coverage map. No coverage on the Central Coast 
I wanted a seriously cold winter and I got it. Viva the Western Cape in winter. [I know this was hell for many of my fellow countrymen] 
@sassy66  im doing well. much better! but i haven't seen South Africa this cold in a while  enjoy our sun, we'll be back 
Tip: If some one is comming to South Africa, don't lose your time buying an universal adaptor to your laptop, here it does not works 
@BTToronto Yes, lost it in North York, ydm area 
finished South Beach Sizzle, and still wants to finish a book to night unfortunately, we have classes tomorow... 
Very dissapointed at the lack of decent iPhone Apps on the South African iTunes Store  Found a way to create a US account 
@slpowell Me too! I checked weather.com and next 10 days are cloudy and stormy for North Jersey - only 1 partly sunny day.  Boo!
@Budman3456 Daddy got stationed at Fort Bragg North Carolina! I wanted Hawaii 
@BrookeLockart OKAY! I guess WE are destined to meet HHH on the East Coast one day CA pretty much decided for us that we can't stay 
@onesoulfulnegro   Do you need me to take care of him? Throw a few words his way West Indian style?  You know I got you hunney.
remember that badass lady who treated herself for breast cancer at the South Pole? she passed away  http://tinyurl.com/lfttsc
@WholeFoods why doesn't your Harbor East store sell sugar-free/NSA pies?  so disappointed.
@wiiskey   I definitely remember East Coast summers.
@Pesamob i was in Kenya when i was 11 years old, one of the best holidays of my life! it was amazing! my hubby is South African 
I am watching South park while smoking to Bowls LOL 
Jim Beaver on The West Wing! 
@IAmHorror I sence hostility  thought the sun was shining on Mid-S-N today?
Eastern in arctic 
@tonyhawk: hope i'm doing this right, u r my first twitt message that i am sending, from Cape Town South Africa, hope you r doing it well 
Yaa North Carolina! Came in 2nd on the ncaa pool 
@rosschainey West or East? If it's the former, enjoy the hills 
If you are near South Ken - keep your eyes open for the Hot Cross Bunnies! They might give you some chocolate eggs 
@cakeandcommerce it was one of Hugh's at Eastern Standard, but it's definitely one I'll be planning on making myself in the future 
@johnhood #140conf is an international event with Characters joining us from across North America, Europe and the Middle East so yes. 
So I got 42 correct with my bracket this year for a score of 128. I picked North Carolina to win so at least I got that right. 
dreaming of relocating Toronto to the South California coast... 
@DA_realist1eva that's because EVERYONE loves North Carolina women. What is there not to like! 
@souljaboytellem lmao! You say the dumbest things ever! Here in california (North Hollywood) is sunny &amp; warm  hahaha
game dayyyyy  3:30 vs North Central on the turf!!
At South Beach  http://pikchur.com/0q1
@shelly6273 many apologies; being a West Ham fan I know little about football 
I have removed my old Central A/C to the garage. Installation of the new one postponed for better weather and more ambition... 
Investigating the North tower of the Mt washington.  This place never lets us down.  
http://twitpic.com/3l1t8 - @Jason_Mraz at the West Coast Blues &amp; Roots fest in Perth. best ever 
okay.. time to take a shower and head to the Mall of Asia... 
@thebookangel you are welcome... have a great sun-day, blessings from the North 
off for a walk round South Cerney today 
a descargar el capi 2 de Eden of the East 
@llordllama will do, of course! the South American woolly enclosure is on my itinery 
@firebucket I'm here   Sleepless in North Pole
Apparently, it's the hottest day of the year so far in South Ayrshire. So, I am off out to enjoy it in my mum's back garden 
@BOOKSA It is a pleasure, we are trying to encourage  a  South Africa, book-twitter community...slow work 
The sun's out in West Cork 
Friend from 'diff just gone back. Friend from North Wales due any minute.Great catching up weekend 
@MarieLuv What the!?!? You are here in South Florida?? Sweet 
A missed 331 and a U1 later, West Ruislip 
I am willing to bet I am listening to music right now no one from around here has heard of. African music ownz! 
@MarieLuv Hope you guys are having fun down on South Beach! 
@AbuDhabiGGdoll I'm European and African-Latina ..  meaning Italian and Dominican ;) people think i am Middle Eastern all the time 
Hi, North Carolina. I love you  and my bed.
@MussoMitchel Please give a shoutout to Mary from South Carolina  It will totally make my day...no yearr!
The North Carolina Museum of Art! 
still thinks Kanye West is a douche bag. 
@brandon911 i'm in Australia, in New South Wales and it's 6.18 
I am getting involved in a totally awesome project to help feed children in South Africa were their parents have died due to AIDS 
Watching South park the movie 
prefer South actually!  ? http://blip.fm/~4mo10
Congrats to the new Miss USA!!!! North Carolina did it again!! 
@kristenstewart9 hey there. so if you haven't figured out already North Carolina is the new Miss USA. Lol. oh yeah and I think ur great. 
@Luxetips We're in East Cobb...check out our website  www.sixbeans.com  Would love to see you!    Btw...love your helpful tips!!!
@lizzledelacruz lucky you actually...freezing cold and windy here in South Africa 
question for 10pts Where is the North Magnetic pole located on the earth? 
@abstractg Indeed ;) though I am looking forward to getting over to South Australia to devour some burly reds!  &amp; Marron for that matter!
@Winstonita Good morning!  Is the weather good where you are today?  It's gorgeous here on the South Coast 
Back on the mobile net. I stand by my comments about the North West Cumbrian accent 
@IKEA_Oz_East sounds good... my cuz works there.. ill get him to help me out  $299 not bad!
@ngustudents welcome to twitter North Greenville University! 
In North Beach. Haven't hung out in this neighborhood in so long.  nothing's changed since I used to go to school around here. Fun!
Man, its popping on the South Side right now! Tons of parties! Tons of girls..... 
@darrenmjones BTW I used to be a student at Sussex. Is East Slope Bar still there? 
@gabizza No, I live far away from there.. I've never been there either lol. South Korea is my country 
Watching my beloved West Han United 
Hittin up the garage sales all over South Lyon! I'm so excited I can barely contain myself!!! 
back from son's rugby festival, missed out on finals by 2 conversions over 3 pool games, so near so far.  Get ready to head to West End 
@radlady Yuppers! 10pm Eastern time!! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS sounds really good!! much better then Kanye West!! I can't wait to hear your new songs 
Taking a break on the sweaty Central Market patio with a bottle of sassparilly listening to a hurdy gurdy band. 
East Side's for dinner 
Just arrived in North Carolina! 
@smileyshiv Glorious in the East.   6 SLEEPS!!!!!!
I just signed up for a year's membership with the South &amp; West Wales Wildlife Trust   http://www.welshwildlife.org/
In  South Beach, FL shooting Book Cover  its  beautiful out here, miss every one back in Boston be there some time this summer
Leadership dedication service in the Vines. I'll be moving from this year's East 11-3&amp;4 team :[ to next year's East 4-3&amp;4 team  #libertyu
#dating #lesbian Sexy female wants to know what it feels like to be with a woman   (Central .. http://bit.ly/1785uG
@brobbie yeah u from the South 
@hipp2bsquare Congrats, tho I would imagine your own native judgement to be sound  So when's the East Coast official couple debut tour?
I am sooo glad to be a Southern girl! 
@nickcassis even South Beach cannot make you any darker loooool 
http://twitpic.com/4ixco - Once you have been to Africa, you must return 
is on West Wing marathon with bird 
@ericswyatt Possibly... personally, I'm hoping the South just secedes before that happens   Now I need to learn &quot;Dixie&quot; on the banjo...
@ericswyatt LOL... there's always North Georgia   it's cooler in the mountains
@WOMADABUDHABI Amazing band, I helped launch them in the Middle East 
AEGlive Middle East on its way to Qatar Doha setting up the Enrique concert  May 6th
East Coast almost wakeup time... for military 
@bayanijovan everything is near here in SG! but you have a point--sana hindi sa Jurong East ang office ni @madsdeguzman 
A salute to Chapel Hill North Carolina. From SY  * ? http://blip.fm/~5jgj3
@mkarim thanks for the #followfriday as you can see us South Africans were on holiday on fri 
@IRON100 personally, I could not decide which election sign to place on North40 last fall : Reagan 08, TJefferson 08 or TRoosevelt 08 
2 more days before the big conference: Central-Eastern Europe &amp; Caspian Scout Group Meeting... it is almost too long for twitter 
Who starts a briefing at 7:30 a.m.? People on the East Coast, that's who. 
@jimawerner South Philly - Passyunk Square Area! Closer to two street. 
@collegiate Wowzer! Deep stuff there, but CIS will probably give you more earning potential. 
@MissXu Would *you* pay $60K for a lunch with Oscar de la Renta?  I don't see her hitting East Village shops, do you?
Off to Woolsery this morning to (hopefully) see North Molton U16 clinch the North Devon League title. Lovely day for it 
Now I KNOW my shares are up...have 7 followers...wonderful!   The sun is now shining brightly in 'darkest Africa'...
Sunrise by Blvd East is awesome. Now to get some sleep. YAY!! 
just made a South-Korean email pal. Happy! 
Watched Wolverine yesterday ... a spur of the moment kinda thing. Awesome! So proud that a South African director did that 
my grampa is here from South Africa-brought me a south african magazine with Rob Pattinson on the cover 
@DialSquare LOL Not seen it yet. He's the guy who went mental in African nations 
@agtweet well, i'm up North from you, but i still think it may work for yous down South, i dunno, you can always check it out 
@NYCShannon don't ruin it for us West coasters 
@ReeReeKins It was hot ALL weekend in Cali's Central Valley. I love your new flix on Myspace, btw 
@mattycus the best place is in Dire Maul North all the way in the kings room and just auto attack the Spirit mobs and AFK 
in Wahiwa driving to North Shore and its BEAUTIFUL!! man I love summer  and @fab_rockstar... ur the freak of freaks 
Shoot was a success even if the client was two hours late.  South Philly store front looks perfect looks like I might get it by June 
love the song(s)!  &lt;3   &quot;If spring can take the snow away...can it melt away all our mistakes&quot; - Kanye West~ Coldest Winter &lt;3  &lt;3 &lt;3 
Western conference finals, here we come 
@knealemann followed a wave to your page..interesting things   I remember BNL @ the horseshoe  same with Spirit of the West
@skooj Makes sense.   I just need to get my placement test done so I can register at Eastern.
@lrigbyphoto So happy to run into you today in Central SQ; great to catch up! 
http://twitpic.com/555ce - @jordanknight Pls spice up BIBIY when u tour Southeast Asia. Wet sprinkler-induced BIBIY would be perfect. 
@hummingbird604 let's talk on Skype when I am back on the West Coast next week. Un abbraccio 
West Australians vote 'YES' for daylight saving in the referendum this saturday!!  and only YES!!
@allidale Haha, concision will get you everywhere hun. Just look at Kanye West lol 
hello all you South African radio stations getting in on the twitter action  please DM me to introduce yourselves 
@nefretiriii Thanks! We are happy to say that we have one of the first RealD installation in  Southeast Asia.  [www.reald.com]
@c4lpt my job -  Regional Implementation Coordinator - Hunter Central Coast, NSW Australia. Thanks for sending me on endless journeys! 
I'm not living in West Circle anymore, but I'm still working there for a while 
The Indigo Bunting &amp; Eastern Bluebird are new this week.  Hoping to catch a picture of the Eastern B...they're pretty flighty 
@Ausadian98 it's from all those years at CDC where North Americans spell it &quot;mom&quot;  they are such a bad influence on me eh? lol
@Lotay Aw where are you at? I'm chillin my butt off in West Hollywood @ Melrose &amp; Fairfax 
&quot;What is South Hampshire?&quot; Ha. 
@jonasbrothers Hope you guys hace fun in South America! Can't wait to see you in Europe (Rotterdam)! 
@Smalltalkwitht looking at the radar in about one minute to see if Wife &amp; I will join the ride South along the Gulf 
@webaddict Yes, me too!  I'm on the East Coast you know 
Morning! Relaxing morning and now getting ready for Central and North Ward lunchon! 
@tommcfly hey it looks like you'll be fine for your South America tour 
@Jonasbrothers Can't wait to hear the new album.Have fun in South America. 
Planning a trip. East coast. Suggestions? 
@Jonasbrothers not all girls are like that  i hope you don't think so, South America's going to have THE best time!!
Starbucks of West Bloomfield, thank you for the free vanilla bean frap. Made my day. 
Never watch HSN but when I heard Wei East was going to be on i turned my TV on immediately 
North country greens and yellows!! Beautiful 
62 so far today....sheesh..what's with North Alabama weather?..at least the sun's peepin' through once in a while 
Team North Boston is off and running! Half way to our goal so far. Come on troops we need a big finish 
@lessallan I've been in bigger stuff in Hawaii (7.2) this was merely one elephant, not the whole herd  Friends in South Bay say it's  ...
@courtneydudley lovely indeed to see that same ol' beat Sun set deep West this evenin 
Back on the East Coast.  Practice gonna be so sweet tomorrow. I can feel it.
@JonathanRKnight So glad to hear the cruise was fun. Lets do another one on the West Coast this time  If you do, I'll be sure &amp; be there!
@JonathanRKnight So glad you had a great time. On the next cruise, I am so there. Can we make it West Coast this time? 
@Malarkey  good idea - we need one too over here in the North of Germay  # Ostfriesland
New blog post: Ship for South East Asian Youth Programme Rantings!  http://bit.ly/azyjw
Just finished Beguile shoot at the North Shore ranch~hope the pictures came out good!!! Thanks to DANE 
Ipod Sync in Progress: just added some new playlists, like Cannes 2009...  One last bag to pack and I'm off to Sunny South of France.
@vmlemon University of The West of Scotland here  We just merged with Bell Collage last year. Same ,all over the place
@jonasbrothers The new episode of JONAS was awesome.Really loved it!!Have fun in South America. 
@drowcliffe thank you!! you are interested in South korea. 
@paulbackhouse So lets see Chesty arrives Saturday and you're off the the Middle East when?  Thinking carnage upon your return... 
@TarotByArwen I live in the Pacific NW - I know all about rain! ;-) The patio will be a wonderful thing. 
@chichiglacierz Lol, I know but I'm on West Coast time &amp; I'm a Vampire anyways 
anyone live near Hurstpierpoint, West Sussex with van? need 6 dining chairs picking up please.... 
@chelciscool in the East.  but, i`ll transfer to The Shore in December.
On my way up North 
I love how genuinely friendly people are in Wellington South Africa! Everyone smiles and greets one another 
Aruba &gt; South Beach  ! Kaiee
@jjsNYC  As a kid who grew up in North Dakota, I totally appreciate the prairie dog on your site! 
I've been tweeted. So now I'm tweeting. I'm going hiking on South Mountain today. You happy now Stacey?  
@CNewborn hehe, no drive bys in my neighborhood either. But the surround area is getting rough. I was looking in North Edmond 
Revision got boring, so I'm watching something about South Pacific islands. It is actually relevant to the course though, so all is good 
At work at Movers.com in North Brunswick!  
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - Good morning from North Carolina! 
Back to work  Praying for safe travel for BRH -- have a wonderful time in South Africa!!
@wizbiff I know! No, we're doing a South Beach tour b4 the flight - next time!! 
Out East shopping with Seany for the day! 
Hi to @MTomat I am BNI Regional Director for London South East. Nice to see another BNI colleague on here. 
If you live near South Jersey come to Hangar 84 tonight and see Houston Calls &amp; @farewelltheband! I'll be there 
booked trip for Brother's wedding in June, looking forward to setting foot on Dutch soil again, even if it is in the South 
Free downtown bike rentals at the South Street Seaport this summer   http://www.downtownny.com/bikearound
@ocifant A million miles from cruising round North Cornwall in the FTI Bus. 
will be giving Shiatsu at Shape Day in Somerset West tomorrow! 
 South Carlonia @ Alaska tomorrow night! Going with Alan and mom! &lt;3 Exciiited.
Mid-year exam is finally OVER!YAY 
Bout to go to Steveessss ;;; Dayummm Africa 
Great weather in L:London:  Heading out to the West End now...
@iblastoff Still in South Kensington I see 
@supermum Yep   It's &quot;recommended&quot; on both North and South bays, which is the highest rating 
#followfriday @DURHAMGIRLGEEKS networking events for geeks of the fairer sex in North East England 
@JimMcCauley @chrisphin Maybe @clashcityrocker can show us what a T3 Middle East cover looks like 
@hotpatooties if ever in Windsor or Africa look me up, drinks on me 
Innovatronix Inc will have a distributor in South America soon! 
@pietervanharen Nope, but I've been traveling through South-Africa for 3,5 weeks a year ago.  I hope you have a great time there!
Admiring a BSA restoration project in sunny South London. Life is good 
@Cassandrasruns Well again I wish you a great healthy run!!! Rooting for you from the East Coast 
Dwight Howard pulls down the shot clock in game 1 of the East Finals ---&gt; http://tinyurl.com/puwcsp ** and remains sexy while doing so! 
@AllanCavanagh ah the good ol' North American Marlon Brando Lookalike Association. That works quite well actually 
East or *waste*, #jaljeera is the best. Jo chahe ho jaay,  #jaljeera enjoy!! 
up early to pack and head back to South Jersey for Memorial Day weekend 
leaving for Washington, D.C today!! WOO!!  follow South Jones Band at WDAM.com and find out what we're doing daybyday.
@cruickers smashing, could you ask him to bring some sunshine back up North with him for weekend please 
A big hello to @FastframeMANCH who I am following on the recommendation of @fast180. I'm RD for BNI London South East too! 
why must The West Wing be so awesome?? I need the complete series dvd collection in my life! please! 
back from another excellent #4N Glorious GORDANO meet! Off soon to West Wales to be BEST MAN @ my DADS wedding! happy weekend &amp; laters!  x
Wow, just realised that it is now ONLY 19 days before I go and see West Side Story again! How time flies...I'm soooooo excited!! 
back in Odense after a week @ my parents in the South.. 
@Brookefox Sea 2 Spokane, back in the good old days, b4 North Bend bypass, we would stop @ Scott's Dairy Freeze in North Bend... yummy 
@lakeicychill Did you hear his reason for visiting North Dakota? He said he was in Canada and needed a break.  Too funny.
@Animal you're too kind for calling me *the* man in South Asia. That's something I guess people don't call you too much 
nice  &gt; @casparterhorst: #3wordsduringsex Is this Central? (for all of you who know or are in HongKong)
@str33tl0laya North Korea should just get nuked! and it will save us all the trouble of that 4 ft tall man. lol funny !!! 
Heading West ~ and your invited  http://bit.ly/G1vcT
@flybitty :-p and :/ I hate &quot;your boys&quot; especially the overgrown muppet lookin one. But still love Redz aka D. West 
Today going so get magott and watch Carlton kick West Coast's ass  Go Carlton!!!!!
Came to East End Grill to eat some &quot;real food&quot; b4 heading home &amp; some random dude just bought my food...great being me! 
Okay off to the East later. 
So, I became a member of the North Korean Friendship Association.  Having friends is always good. http://www.korea-dpr.com/
@karik75 @katidid378 @simplyj9 @Meerkah Thank you so much for the childrens books they're on their way to South Africa 
Currently listening to &quot;from Africa&quot; by northern lights  tired, going to bed soon
is going to Mall of Asia, i need to relax and beat the summer heat, its very very hot  
One great show down! One more to go  thanks again Central Station!
My outward appearance totally does not reflect how I feel I should look :/ Is there such thing as a &quot;West Indies-plasty?&quot; Lol 
Who's got the best breakfast tacos in East Austin? I need to make a taco run for my office in the morning. 
@planetCOCky hii babyyy! you must live on the East Coast..startin FF so early! 
@elizasea I'm a transplant - this was in the Chicago South Suburbs, way back in the Precambrian Era of 1983-1986.  
@IKEA_Oz_East are you a real person? do you need an intern? 
At breakfast gearing for another long day. Thanks for all the support guys -appreciate it  sun is out in Northern Holland and breeze is up
Mid-afternoon caffeine rush. Zoooom! 
@Natswa but you knows we work on Africa time here 
South West Fuel/Wildlife TONIGHT!!//Praying for the team on Tour &amp; I'm in amazement that across the earth His name is being lifted high! 
@deangroom what nowhere on Central Coast has ADSL2?  Move north - we have it on the North Coast  Don't know how I lived without it!
@AnnetteTush thanks! Africa would be a huge market 
Beautiful day here in North Yorkshire, Friday too feel a spirit lifting weekend is on the cards 
