Most common words for this cluster:
[('star', 754), ('trek', 572), ('sun', 278), ('movie', 91), ('wars', 84), ('day', 80), ('time', 61), ('today', 57), ('quot', 51), ('i', 46), ('http', 44), ('amp', 42)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Star', 0.8008873462677002), (u'Sun', 0.6802561283111572), (u'Jason_Paha', 0.6702311635017395), (u'Mpozi_Mshale_Tolbert', 0.6552489399909973), (u'Frank_Espich', 0.6450627446174622), (u'Arely_D._Castillo', 0.6403210163116455), (u'DANESE_KENON', 0.6369119882583618), (u'BERKMOES_Niles_Daily', 0.6358680129051208), (u'GLENN_GUAN', 0.6353379487991333), (u'Doug_McSchooler_For', 0.6294513940811157)]





@amber_benson  my hubby (for some reason) thinks it's more important he has a good spot for red carpet for the Trek Movie Premiere. Sod!
It's so cruel having to wait for reviews to come in.  So far it looks like Star Trek will be the best film of the year!
jealous of my friends who got to see the new Star Trek film in Austin tonight. 
Early Twitter Buzz: Star Trek Has Secret Premiere in Austin - http://is.gd/r9vr Holy crap! Wish I was there... 
Wishing I could sneak in to watch the Star Trek premiere 
Ahhh!! The Drafthouse had a surprise world premiere screening of the new Star Trek last night! And I was at Torchys! 
I'm bored. Sun it's not present in a sky  . I deppressed so much! I want see the SUN...
I was wrong! The Sun is not shinning! It was the light on in my room! haha! It's raining here!!  And cold and WINDY!!! LOL
is watching the extras disk of &quot;Star Wreck&quot; - all the items but none of the menus 
wonders why I always don't have a signal? I'm using Globe  http://plurk.com/p/n1xjj
@MIKESLOTT dude, where you @?? What drab sky...  Sun, come out already!
disappointed he missed the new Star Trek last night. 
what a day! Was rescuing a Sun Cluster  And time to give wife more attention...
@mikasounds I was outside for maybe an hour and a half in 70 degree weather and I got crispy...Fair skin is a killer!! Sun burn sucks 
What am going to do tonight? Times like this i start to really miss my boyfriend  I miss and love you very much.
is so tired of working Sun!!! 
Wants less of the Sun... too Hot &amp; Humid for outdoor stuff 
Sun is beginning to set here. Becoming so lonely. 
Aww, no more Star Wars  But now there is Doom! Yes, cheesy but mmmm, Karl Urban.
@krystalina So you have not seen Star Wars!  I am sad now.
Aah. Sun burned  avocado fest today in fallbrook! I get to see pup today, brett, lisa, and hopefully more!
Recovering after an 11 day Easter break in the Sun....back to work tomoro 
 I wanna pick up my Jimmy Choo shades. Post Offices should reeeeeeeally be open on Sun!
Traded the Sun Run with walk-in clinic. I guess twas the responsible choice 
Sorting through old kids' clothes for summer garage sale. Cutting into my Sun naptime 
The Sun is shining...so what do i do. Study 
Sun is cooking my mind. Why won't the bus move. 
@carthalis yeah   I've only seen (not read) Empire of the Sun, but I read Crash.  He was an amazing author.
Oracle buying Sun for $7.4 billion..not a happy day 
&quot;Empire of the Sun&quot; author dies; grey skies befittingly persist.  Wah 
@foolandtheopera You got to see Star Trek??  Jealous!!!!!
An Oracle swallowed a Sun and spit out 10,000. 
@brandyjbean I'm so jealous, it's my weekend to work  so I'm on tonight, tomorrow for 16 hours and Sun BOOO!
@dj_jtime wowww josh! It looks goood!  Post a better picture! I'm still sad I wasn't there for the cut! 
Post concert blues      
I still havent seen Wolverine yet  which sucks..unless I see it next weekend when I go see Star Trek!! 
is in Tunisia..sat in front of a Sun ULTRA-5 workstation 
@berryfudge I'm not sure whether it'll be on ESPN or Star Sports. My cable TV provider don't have the rights to air the game. 
Good morning how is everyone? On my way to see Star Trek. On my way, I should of all ready been there 
Was gonna see Star Trek with some friends but they've all caught the doomplague I had the other week.  Oh well, gonna see Wolverine! &lt;3
@Kristen_Painter Supposed to watch Star Trek but may have to miss for soon-to-be in laws luncheon 
@jensinemay ahhhhh you're going to see Quest &amp; Beatfreaks! i'm jealous haha i wish i was goinggggg  by the way . i miss you okay bye
@houstonchick sadly not independently wealthy  but instead no longer at the Chronicle as of 7:30pm last night believe it or not!
@CinemaFusion What's wrong with your ticketing Web site? Can't change the date. Been trying to buy Star Trek tickets for opening night. 
Folks over for a night in the observatory. Cloudy and rain.  But I saw my first gPhone. Star map app is wicked cool.
wants to watch Star Trek early but never got preview invites 
Sore throat  but maybe nothing a bit of Sun and sea air wont sort out
I don't like this gloomy weather...Sun has even peeked out today 
@SoulReader Possibly.  Usually I hide behind my refrigerator.  Mercury Retro hits me hard.  I work in the hotel industry.  Its never fun. 
I am working on 08/05   I have to wait for Saturday to see Star Trek 
@MitchBenn But Mitch, judging from that trailer they have made it look like one of those bloody X-men movies. That's not Star Trek 
@tommcfly OMG! R u guys going to the premiere of Star Trek? I'm going to the midnight showing...too bad they don't have he original cast 
Until when are we nintendo lovers going to wait until Star Fox and F-Zero have their proper releases for Wii? 
for like the 3d Sun nite of the last 7, short of breath at bedtime.  this cant be good 
@themorgan I didn't even realise what the date was until about 20 minutes ago! I missed out on wishing everyone Happy Star Wars day 
just found out it's Star Wars day. May the 4th be with you. mwa hahaha. (i found it funny 
Sun no longer shining  sausage sandwiches eaten, still no plan for the day!!
Morning ! Sun's in the sky, but Mary still feels sick, don't want to go to school  booah !!!
@philkirby Annie Hall already got the Oscar for 1977--why take Star Wars' day, too 
Why o why doesn't Stephenie finish Midnight Sun??  I want it so badly! @ reading the twilight saga for the ???? time
@echolot @brilliantology is it Star Wars day every 4th of the month? Or is there a film out today? I don't unnerstan 
Crap... I'm not a big JJ Abrams fan but all this hype makes me want to see Star Trek 
Unfortunately, I couldn't see Star trek in IMAX 
This is not your father's Star Trek. Nor is it mine. 
is behind watching Wolverine, Star Trek and even the pinoy films. 
I want to go see Star Trek, no time though 
@may_gun he might have good taste but he won't go to see Star Trek with me  tomorrow is Mother's Day &amp; he has to go to Monsters &amp; Aliens
Didn't get to see Star Trek today. 
We may have escaped flying motorcycles in BSG - but we had them in Star Trek 
@cambudo I like Stat Wars but never got into Star Trek 
JT is really letting me down on SNL tonight.  But bonus Star Trek cast members!  ...And Jimmy Fallon. :/ Talkin' 'bout issues!
My dad's Star Trek smells like a humidor on the inside. 
I enjoyed Star Trek quite a bit, but I don't like how IMAX only shows 2 trailers.. I love trailers  2 is simply not enough #startrek
@padmeamanda I want to go to Star Trek, but Allison doesn't 
dammit... have to postpone seeing Star Trek till Thursday.  just too much to do tomorrow, and buses don't run late enough on sundays
Confession  I liked the Star Trek movie.
Serendipitously sociable day ended with my bike getting stolen from opposite the Metreon.   Star Trek was a fun movie anyway.
Well, back from lunch. Time to get down to some work  Hopefully going to see Star Trek tonight. Yay!
&quot;Star Trek&quot; on a much larger screen - lens flares even worse! Capt. Pike is cool, and Scotty is fun. Urban a McCoy cartoon, though. 
new Star Trek was one of the AWESOMEST movies I've ever seen.. but so many inconsistencies in the science of their story   Disappointing.
 I'm just NOT into Star Trek. I'd rather watch next generation of Charels in Charge. FST!
Star Trek was EPIC! Spock never looked SEXIER! Going to see it in Imax tomorrow. I don't wanna work in the morning 
@NeilHumphreys Are your articles available on The Straits Times website? Coz I can't seem to find them. 
Watch the new Star Trek. It is not a pure sci fi, more to action movie. I give only 3/5. Not g33k enough. 
Really bummed. Was supposed to see press screening of Star Trek but didn't happen. Think it got lost in my DSL Extreme glitch. 
Off to bbsit on a gloomy Sun. morning after waking to find the water shut off in my apt-no shwer no teeth brushed, what a way to start. 
Why is the frakking Star Trek movie not in India yet? 
12 more hours. I really want to go see Star Trek when I'm done with this, but I'm sure everyone will be studying 
Wishing I had a Trekkie fan friend to see the new Star Trek with 
@shuttler aye I keep logging into LotrO, struggling with a Quest or 2 and then logging out again 
went to the movies to see Star Trek!! It was sooo good! and... spent about 2 hours in the ER because Rob had a bad allergy attack 
is working whilst K watches Star-Trek with Sammy-Boy in a Cinema DeLux 
Sun is back shining loud and bright 
@DavidRHaslam really can't wait to watch Star Trek! You guys who watched it make me jealous 
@gollumstein I am a trekkie! *shifty* did you cry in Defiance? I bawled my eyes out when I saw it  I want to see Star Trek 
Times a bitch. I wish i could be here forever 
Just remembered that next week is season finale of Supernatural  , but now Star Trek time and Happy Mothers day all mums!!!
Slept in and missed Star Trek. Oh noes  I must have been more sleepy than I realised!
@choley Coolness. (I fail though, I still haven't seen Star Trek  NerdFail)
Apparently andrew &amp; i are spiritual pillars. No one else shows up for service &amp; my day is ruined  Star Trek later!!
Watched Star Trek at last. need to watch it again. The time was too late and I was sleepy..  Tremendous graphics though.
@ijustine (( I hope Star Trek is good? I want to see it , Its not in North Carolina yet  ))  i'm a Star Trek Fan
Saw Star Trek. Fab. Whole cast was brilliant. Sylar didn't cut any brains open though 
I'll have to wait till next weekend to see the new Star Trek 
@katbow  Understandable. Go rent the Star Trek legacy and lock yourself away from it all for the next 11.5 hours. See you Monday.
migraine on mothers day? foul!    taking meds and resting hoping for a recovery by this evenings gift, a trip to see Star Trek!
@MyDogAteLA I'm sorry to hear about what's been happening.  But did Star Trek help any?
@mikeneumann no  I am the only person who hasn't seen Star Trek   
Everyone's seen that bloody Star Trek movie but me. 
@greggrunberg   I am deaf too,  but I wait until  Star Trek DVD arrive later.  
Just saw X-men; what a let down. 'Bout to see Star Trek; hoping this will be much better. 
I always liked Boba Fett.  I think he got a raw deal.  Ditto for the stormtroopers, they probably had friends on that Death Star. 
watching Star Trek ..i just burnt my precious 2 hours 
How come everyone else has seen the new Star Trek movie except me  Hopefully going this weekend. Seems suddenly we have lots going on....
So sad that I didn't have a &quot;Klingons DO IT with honor&quot; shirt to wear to Star Trek yesterday. 
@fiannan Star Ocean 4!!! *hyperventilates* I wanna get collector's editon - oh how much I love that series. I will be poor around June 4 
Tix now in my hands for Star Trek on next Wed, but it is still so far away... 
@theteganandsara Star Trek movie is something I should check out. But not Shatner.  That drawing though, well, I only have to say is sag!!
Star Trek Made them woookies Look bad!  arrgghhh chubaka
Goodnight! I didn't see Star Trek today  I'm a nerd lol
No Quest for anyone  http://www.questtv.co.uk/
ow. check out elimination episode of American Idol on Star World. sad to know Danny will go home. 
Watched the new Star Trek movie last night and its mostly not crap at all. Very 'JJ' though 
Star Trek 11 still not showing at my cinema 
@Palmetto_Star thanks but I def don't feel that way  my skin used to be sooo nice I don't know what happened
@eropp157 I went out ysterday it was kinda cloudy though  but it looks to be better out today. I hope you will enjoy any Star Wars updates
Sun vs work...hard choice 
taking sweetie boy to the drs - thinkin bout my brother, thought I'd see him Sun before he left for the army but they took him early 
Times like this when relying on webmail (gmail) sucks.. NEED access 
cant find an English screening of Star Trek in Budapest 
Just left Arclight attempting to watch Star Trek or Angels &amp; Demons, but no seats available 
Unfortunately we are seeing Star Trek after all  However we did grab some Flying Pizza and are on our way home to enjoy it!
I feel like I may have pulled a stitch when playing with Star   Felt it getting into the car and might have to take it easy tonight...
Star trek with oats. Yessss  not empty 
Star Trek! Shouldn't have played beer pong before hand, bc I broke the seal 
Oh noes! After almost 2 weeks of trending, Star Trek is gone. 
Star Trek was BOSS...too bad we had to miss the rest of it. 
never thought he'd see a Star Trek movie with &quot;Sabotage&quot; by the Beastie Boys as part of the soundtrack. Growing up in both worlds = old.  
Dammit, no Star Trek in Japan until the 29th. It continues to elude me 
OK - now pouring with rain !!! Sun has taken his hat off 
Man, after some Sun this morning, its started pouring down with rain here in Staines 
Watching Star Trek at the drive-in was fun, but my butt now aches 
very bummed. wasn't able to watch Star Trek with Chooi and Georgey Porgey today  noooooo!
@peternlewis I am very upset I couldn't come with you to see Star Trek. 
Star Trek postponed until next weekend  
@lizzietick by the way, I can't believe that you're going to see Star Trek before me  have fun!
Didn't really like Star Trek  Just didn't feel &quot;Epic&quot;.
It sucks that I still haven't seen Star Trek. 
Star sports doesnt think its worth showing fed vs nadal ?? :O  
Sun, where have you gone? 
Nice afternoon at the movies. Me + boy 3 saw Star Trek, boys 1 &amp; 2 Angels &amp; Demons. Boy 1a stayed home to work 
Well, that didn't work, Star Trek is sold out 
Star Trek -- that. was. epic. Best film I've seen in a long time.. time travel flawed as usual though 
@JasonGregory but Star Wars IS real. 
Cruel Intentions is over  (i want to watch Star Trek so fcuking much!)
@MyFakeID how was the Star Trek movie? There is no movie theatre here  i'll have to go to istanbul.
@johnnn what, sir? hah. i haven't watched LOST yet  i watched Trek last night and last week I watched all of the Star Wars movies. /loser.
If anyone attended the 8pm Star Trek @ Q.S. Mall in OKC last night, please accept my apologies. Massive allergy attack/coughing fit. 
loved Bee Movie, it was so good!!!  Hmn, now what to watch now?  There's nothing on TV tonight  xx
Husband took children to Star Trek. I am bad pop culture mom but MUSTWRITEMUSTWRITEMUSTWRITE. Plus they get less time 2gether this summer 
agrees with @TwiFans  I want Midnight Sun finished and published it's my favourite too! 
Times when u miss having a man around: when u want a glass of water but don't wanna go downstairs to get it 
Dear ONTD_Twatlight, you have burnt me out on Star Trek and I haven't even seen it.   now I kinda don't wanna.
Sun..... pleaseeee come out  !!!! Doing some Maxi Priest today....=D! xx
Wants to watch Star Trek so bad.  And Angels and Demons!
Due to a fire alarm got in free to see Star Trek last night, sadly i got in free tothe wrong screen and missed the first 30mins 
After being less than $2m off my Star Trek opening weekend prediction - my Angels &amp; Demons prediction was $8m off! 
My back is killing me  Loved, loved, loved the new Star Trek. Not complete homage to Roddenberry but warmed this trekkers heart &lt;3
@spldrttngrl It was a long day, that shold have been capped off by watching Star Trek, but it never happened 
Sun is out but I feel unwell 
gave myself a blog day-off today, and ending up doing jack, and no Star Trek too - what is wrong with me?  - perhaps tomorrow...
I've soooo much to do this week  Btw....I loved Star Trek.
Still hasn't seen Star Trek yet! 
Wanna see Star Trek, but can't do until June, the 14th 
@gerry60626 You're not going to the market till Sun? 
@baracoma Because Destiny Cable's an ass? No Star channels. Meeeh. 
Sun is shining - would be a great day to be golfing - but boss is gone so I am at work instead of on the links like was supposed to be. 
Sun again today! Maybe my &quot;jungle&quot; will dry out enugh for me to mow! 
This Star Trek D*A*C game on xbox live just looks like the Battlestar Galactica game skinned with ST ships.  
Seasons in the Sun - what an utterly rubbish song that is... 
@brendajdriver Do you know where I can find the new course numbers/CRNs for my degree? It looks like in Banner they are all different 
has bug bites taking over my body! The one on my forehead makes me look like a Star Trek character!  
Looking for someone to go see Star Trek with.  No one in my family wants to see it but ME!  
@DimplesRsexy Are you watching Star Trek??! I wanted to see it, oh well 
I just bought a copy of The Sun. I feel dirty. 
@RobynMiller  I agree that Star Trek IMAX Sound Rocks 12,000Watts of Raw ST Uumph!  But Visual Impact it had not, as it was NOT IMAX 
@baldy_za I think I need a Star Trek food replicator, just say &quot;Coffee&quot; &amp; get it  .... but wait it does not exist yet 
No way! No Star-Ledger on LBI b4 6 AM. 
#cilip-cymru09 floor references to new Star Trek movie 
Receiving the International Herald Tribune at home for one month free = ultra luxurious. Mail arriving only after 11am: damn! Conclusion 
Sun...where did you go?! 
Every single person I know has already seen Star Trek 
Just arrived at castle drogo.. Sun, where have you gone? 
@aubreys_friend We are going to go see Star Trek @ 7:00 tonight. The 7:35 DLP showing was sold out 
@skulleigh I wish I had a D&amp;D game ... our local group stopped being able to meet   We're gonna see Star Trek and go to FC Dallas game
@TehKimber I am doing well. Wishing i could see Star Trek with you guys. 
@Huxley I can't believe you saw Star Trek without me 
Jeffree Star scares me 
@CharlesButlerJr I feel asleep at 9, so I'm gonna be up 4 awhile! I got the replacement Curve on the 1st &amp; had 2 do a Master Reset on Sun 
doesn't want to leave Star Records yet. 
I get 2 preview new Placebo Battle 4 the Sun 2morrow setting myself up 2B disappointed I just can't like the new drummer want Hewitt back 
I saw Star Trek today, and I actually liked it.  FML.
@claudiuvoicu supposed to be back Sun (via private jet btw#!:o) but mite hav to stay bymyself (thnk god) for another week  &amp; want Bruno!
@Desert_Star95 oh so you know how I feel then  Damn representative for bank of america tried to make it sound like I did it. What a b ...
i cant sleep ughh n i have registration tomorrow at 11 this suxs   *Shooting Star*
Going to see Star Trek (again) tomorrow night but this time in full IMAX glory!  I hope my motion sickness doesn't get the better of me! 
@tommcfly I need to watch Star Trek 
Tomorrowland central hasn't gotten confirmation that I'm signed off on Star Tours, so just waiting to see if they can give me a shift. 
i look like crap right now  im very fucking moody to  *Shooting Star*
Why are you hiding behind the clouds mr. Sun 
SHIT I lost my Star Trek ring!    Starfleet Academy class ring w/ Golden Gate Bridge on it.  Got it as high school graduation present.
@JNez I hear that, we've missed so many films due to insufficient fundage: Watchmen, Dark Knight, Star Trek. 
@filmnerdjamie I've only seen Star Trek twice. Seeing &quot;Up&quot; today but not in 3D since I was outvoted. 
stupid Folkestone cinema is only showing Star Trek 3 times, damn them 
I wish I was at Disneyland or watching Star Trek like other people are doing. I swear, I must be the only sap who works on Fridays.  
I'm not feeling this weather today where is the  Sun @ 
@dhewlett I'm still trying to see Star Trek! I'll just have to Woman up and go alone. BF is pretty much worthless anyway  lol
@angel0712 Oh, I totally want to see Star Trek!  But Kristine had already seen it with her hubby.  
@RealKeanuReeves   People are cruel sometimes.  I can't imagine being a Star.
Pissed I'm missing Black Star tomorrow in the city 
@mgingras X-men Origins was accurate according to original storyline and pretty entertaining but corny at times...Star Trek I havent seen 
@maggz I'm hoping to watch ER this weekend out tomorrow night so prob Sun so no one can see my red frog-eyes 
Just got in from seeing Star Trek -- Great movie!  Wiped out though from a long day and have to be up for work tomorrow. No Kilt Lifter 
I've gotten sucked into facebook.  Mafia Wars is just too fun.  Still haven't seen Star Trek, but soon!  Baby is walking now, the cat is 
Yeah, this is just great, sick in the middle of the night and can't sleep...and I was gonna see Star Trek tomorrow  *kicks and screams*
@alexismp I see Oracle has already started to kill everything that's good about Sun 
Bah, Star Trek was full  Sitting in Borders filling in time. Catch22 is in the young adult section - WTF?
@st3pp1nr4zz0r Star Trek was ruined for you, tho 
The Sun is up !!!!! and i have to study   but its okay !!!
@dymizzo Nice. Star Trek is indeed a spectacular movie! Zachary Quinto was very very great as Spock!! Although, I didn't see it in IMAX 
Post half written, time to get outside in the sun and go help my friend paint the outside of his house. #hayfever killing me though 
I'm gonna watch Star Wars attack of the clone. Haha. Still can't find my GG cd 
Kind of want to go see Star Trek again but I don't have da DKK 
Last night I was stapling booklets while watching Star Trek cartoons and didn't realize I was half an inch or so off.  
@annoyer I've only seen Star Trek (excellent movie). UP should be a riot. Birthday Best Wishes to the 3 Stars-of-the-day! wish I could go 
@WestonGreenMan Was that on Star FM bychance? Dang! I missed it 
Star Phoenix reporter is coming to town &amp; Dog Day won't be able to make their Bruno debut 
Installing JDK 6 update 14... But I can't use the G1 Garbage Collector because I'm not a Sun support suscriptor 
What should I do today? chances are nothing  Thought of going to see Star Trek, or go to BWW but I can't spend any $$  hate being poor
im going to see Angel and Demons cause Star Trek never come out in mexico 
Stupid Burger King is out of the Star Trek glasses.  EPIC FAIL.
Live Messenger just decided to delete itself from laptop 
Star Trek was materful. But right now, all I feel like is that I have been played. I cant imagine how the other party involved feels... 
Star Trek was masterful. But right now, all I feel like is that I have been played. I cant imagine how the other party involved feels... 
must remember sun cream! Sun burn on one arm whilst driving is never a good look 
I'm sad. I just discovered that Star Trek and Wolverine are no longer showing in theaters here 
@bidyyy Thanks for asking, but I've yet to see Star Trek.  I have this card for unlimited cinema visits, but I'm way too busy as of late..
Stung by a bee today  It must have been hiding in the blanket I was sitting on and stung me when I moved. Sun was nice, foot now huge&amp;red
At the movies with my dad and brother to see Star Trek. Wishes @nilladrop was here. She has to work tho. 
still trying to find that download link for &quot;Echo&quot;... I want it 
Done filming the Spanish video. Off to Downtown to see Star Trek. My best friend can't come. 
Planning to see the Star Trek on Imax at 12 am tonight, because that is the only show on IMAX! 
I don't know what I expected, but Star Trek just didn't do it for me... 
Umm...why am I the only one in the theater about to watch Star Trek? I hope this isn't a bad sign. I hate it when it's empty 
@LarryJoe88 we ended up seeing Night at the Museum II my daughter won out over Star Trek.  
@pronouncedyou  Messenger isn't even open on my computer.... will AV scan tonight.
Going to drive-in canceled due to rain.No Star Trek for me tonight   Watched Brother's Grimm movie.Enjoyable but dark.
To my brother's friend, Star Trek IS the Abrams movie. 
i really want to see Star Trek again, but I don't have ANY money to do it 
@ScottBandy I've not been lucky enough to see Star Trek yet 
I saw Star Trek again tonight 'cause UP! was sold out. I still love Spock&amp;Kirk so much! &amp;I didn't get to watch game 1&amp;the penguins lost! 
Keiko's not feeling good, so no Star Trek today  Maybe next weekend.
I don't believe this. Cinemas have already stopped showing Star Trek. And not a chance to see it in English for miles around 
Bedtime. Sun's up. 
Sun is shining on the weekend...can only mean one thing! I'm stuck at work as always 
Sun burnt already 
Maybe reading and some geography homework will keep my mind off Instant Star for cinq minutes. It's to early for mes devoirs though. 
is going to church, seeing Star Trek with her parents, then back to Bloomington tonight 
This time it really is snooze time. Sun loungers aren't all that comfy though 
Sun screen rubbed in as I get ready to venture into the sun again. Not looking forward to getting onto a hot bus 2 go into town 
Totally hangover.  Sun is shining. Otaliaholics have a nice day.
Sun was gorgeous and warm today! but finally inside......had a great day....atempted to draw didnt work out well 
Post mortem 
@Leslie_Star that's the best time to shoot film apparently.  but its fun tho!
Sun fun...oaklea passage...broke times though 
I burnt myself  Mean Sun
@kamun I hope you did plenty of study... Blade was awesome and you obviously didn't go to sleep seeing as you twittered 30mins ago... 
Sun burn + hot bath = 
@adamtlee I found that out  KSC seems to show movies sometimes, I saw Star Trek there. But I don't know if they show non-space movies.
Sun burn... on my face... not so nice. 
Sun is going down. Feet are getting cold 
http://twitpic.com/6cnpq - Sun burn  Note to self. Wear sun cream when in sun.
(@chriscuzzy) http://twitpic.com/6cnpq - Sun burn  Note to self. Wear sun cream when in sun.
is still  how could the rice taste better than the meat ARGH China Star you are slipping on your pimping!!! I wonder if u r a dirty dozen?
I want my Star Trek to comeee 
@Schofe  Beat the Star was good. Shame Vernon didn't win  but he did well
I hate the Sun it fools you into thinking that it is your friend then it buuuuurns!!! it hurts and now i am saaaad! 
X-Men is the best movie I've seen so far this year although I still haven't seen Star Trek. I know lame 
@bessemerprocess Alas, I only qualify in Star Trek...and that's only if I want to dig up fic from eight years ago. 
Ouch! Sun burn 
Take note...Lone Star Taqueria is closed on Sundays   No fish tacos today. #slc
Dehumidifier and heater on...trying to dry washing.  Times like this  wish had paid for the underbench washing machine/drier combo 
Post conference call munchies 
All day on the VFR. RRdeva as my wing woman? Star trek movie, uncle fatti's N now, locked out. 
Sun is shining yet again, i'll probably be stuck in the hospital for hours now 
@missgems She'll always be Sun Byrne to me. 
Confirmed.  @EggyMayers hasn't seem Star Wars either.  Tis a sad, sad day.
Exhausted after a weekend of drinking and moving house. Hardly saw any Sun 
Sun is shinin now stuck in the office  boo!
is yay for the Sun and boo for sick Grandad 
definitely jealous with Min Sun   , in the MNet Scandal with Nickhun ! 
@sunshine1883 oh. I think that's why it won't work on mine...I'm not on Globe 
Sun is out, Sky is Blue, stuck at work 
Sun sun sun...but I have things to do 
@bazzaanglais not Xbox play - was lame I know, was on H Heath till 8.30ish Sun so didn't make it over East!  Midweek beer before I go?
Sun, heat, job  When i will have my holiday people ! It`s only monday, but i`m already waiting for the weekend!
Leaving for the airport. Tried to beam there like Star Trek but it didn't work. Guess I'll get on the fucking plane. 
@melbyer @thatdarndog  I want to see Star Trek again too.
The Sun is Blazing!! 'too bad about the exams!! 
@Ferrari_Hec now I feel like I'm not on the bandwagon anymore!!  I gotta catch up! Last I saw was Star Trek!
Post vacation job resentment is setting in... grumble... 
wanted to Sunbathe but the Sun went in  x
Sun is out and I am not happy I am in 
Sun is making me too sleepy  don't feel like doing anything!
Sun burn is starting to itch 
Ouch Ouch Sun Burn ! I wish i tanned 
really wanted to watch Star Trek  I shall get the DVD. At least there will be no screaming kids or tall people sitting in front of my TV.
The worst part about the Times trial version is when the app becomes active and nags you to buy it. 
@IGNcom please fix the Insider Stream for tomorrow 
Sun burns suck  Also, I may murder my ISP.....despicable blood suckers!!
Aayla secura just died, along with many other jedis in Star wars the movie thing #3!! 
Just watched Star Wars Episode 1 - The Phantom Menace. One down, Five to go, toobad exams get in the way of this marathon viewing 
asks bakit mahilig kumain ng load ang Globe?  http://plurk.com/p/xreqh
@mabeswife I believe that! Especially when it comes to the Sun! I burn blister peel 
Times like this when I hate being sick. I need - want - to go to sleep. But I'm coughing so much I'll probably keep waking myself up! 
@Sunshineliron I feel ya pain Sun 
Morning all! Sun is shining and I have to go to work 
Terminator and Star Trek were both amazing. Only 29 cars at the drive-in. Cold night! @mikeepourhadi cracked his windshield a bit. Oops. 
Sun burn is really painful 
Sun didn't last for long. It's raining and I think it's going to rain all day long 
Not wearing black to work again. Sun is hitting my skintight T-shirt, and I can feel the T-shirt burning my skin 
Sun is out but its bed time 4me 
Sun sun sun..  darn this celtic skin of mine! I'm gonna get singed 
Sun is trying to come out today - supposed to change big time and be cold and horrid again 
watching 'Fanboys'  -  so hilarious! And so true. I did not appreciate the beating up of the Star Trek people though 
@Ste1987 terminator was kinda eh. Really bad writing. I was sad  Star trek was amaaaaaazing. One of my all time fav films!
work tonight 545-11. be prepared for tweets. stupid comcast isnt' working. tired and didn't get to see Star Trek last night 
Sun is Amazing but still havent got a sutan  x
Golden Sun announced for the DS! Coming 2010 
@Star_cullen  me 2 
why is it so hot outside  oh i also hate car paint. Times ten.
Sun AppStore beta only for US residents. What a twit 
@Forechecker How about a game score prediction? I tried Sun night without much luck... Of course now that it's not tied anymore 
Some gang-bangers on Trax bragging about beating up a dude yesterday. Times like these, it's hard not to hate humanity. 
I have scoured the internet for the Star Trek icons by Alex Hertzog, and they are still no where to be found  sigh...
Never mind, it's only pre-sale for American Express holders 
@MorganWebb Golden Sun DS will be sooooooo amazing. Too bad we have to wait until next year though... 
Tired n' grumpy this morning. I have to get a new phone, the other one broke on Sun 
It's cloudy and depressing outside  where did mr. Sun go
@mizrada Sun's gone in here, temp's dropped... had to turn the fan off 
How r we people? Sun has gone in here 
Where is the Sun??? 
saw Star Trek adn I give it 3 thumbs up. Saw Angels &amp; Demons... 1 thumb down 
Hey! What's wrong w/ my cabletv?!? Why I can't watch E!, AXN, &amp; Star World??!! Ooh pleaseeeee..... 
On the swings on the park. I need to calm down. Times like these I wish my besties lived near by. 
is seriously and crying at the end of a Tuscan Sun... such optimisim...only in movies 
@bluehero Off to work shortly  Home at 11pm then hopefully a bit of Star Ocean and have to write up a couple of reviews
I really want to go to the drive-in to see Star Trek, but A) it's rainy and B) I have no one to go with.  *pouts*
Going to see Star Trek for the fifth time. Me and my friend are the only ones in the theater 
reading the draft of Midnight Sun... not as good as i expected sadly 
...and another one bites the dust. Mercury Dime to close in another week or so.  http://bit.ly/1szYx4
@ItsAllLove Treating me nice but it has been raining for the last couple of days not so nice  I'm anxious to get back to the Cali Sun!
is being taunted by Star Ocean TV adverts! Where's my X-box?? 
Put gas in my 1976 Mercury Cougar, now getting a carwash to take some new pics for craigslist.  http://myloc.me/2IIy
@Rochellewiseman  How's  Vanessa doing ? I saw her in todays Daily Star in a wheel chair 
couldn't get in to Star Trek   damn you, movie theatre!
Just missed seeing Star Trek with friends by about 5 minutes 
Jeff told me that we could see Star Trek if I was too drunk to drive. I'm drunk, but there is no Star Trek. 
Cramps are the worst thing ever. I feel like shit. Idk if I'll be able to go to the Connecticut Sun game tomorrow... 
Headin back.. I missed Shira nd Star..wish I stayed longer 
My last Tweet didn't make it.    Oh, well- I had fun at Star Trek.  I got another pepperoni pizza and took half of it home with me.
I already finished reading Twilight Saga. &lt;3 I have nothing to read anymore.  I`m looking forward to read Midnight Sun.
Trying to go to sleep after waking up to the thunder and lightning.  Where is the Sun ? 
Post for tomorrow is up. I need to crash soon, but so much to do and I work tomorrow. 
It was 75 deg last sat when I wasn't on at Globe - today it's pouring and 12 deg and I am on a double  And it's the dreary R &amp; J! :-p
Am considering dragging Junior into Star Trek - in German, since they don't show it in English, here 
Wheres the Sun gone 
Boo ESPN Star for not airing the England WCQ match tonight. 
Sun is trying to cum out behind the clouds but its seems not going to happed,damn 
Having a small mental breakdown at the news of Star Trek's premature removal from the local cinema 
Not sure whether I can scrape together enough cash to get Star Ocean  #StarOcean
&quot;Star Wars: The Old Republic&quot; is a game, not a movie. 
Still need tix to Sun nite Magic game.  Connection fell thru  
@Star_cullen  hey dont know what to do 4 my personal statement help me
@marybethtyson oh geez...I walked in the other day &amp; the Express was closed. I have no reason to go to that mall anymore! 
Sun poisoning 
Damn, why have I still not seen the Star Trek movie? 
can't find any of Patrick Star's swim trunks to purchase online anywhere 
@nvrshtnvr12 Why do I have to be red?  ) Star Wars is what's up. :&gt;
@Star_001 G-tot's sick. We are homebound today. 
Globe's fucked up. 
Was about to watch a trailer for Star Wars: The Old Republic when I am called away from the TV.  the text for &quot;Bioware&quot; looked pretty...
Was invited to see Star Trek w favorite little old lady customer. I dont get off in time. 
@DeafMuslim oh kewl, what are you gonna go see? Ive been wanting so bad to see Star Trek or some new bollywood movie but im broken 
Star Trek; half the people I was seeing it with got beamed away!  Oh well, I hear it's good so hopefully it'll be worth the loneliness!
Not my day. First traffic killed a trip to see Star Trek, now InFamous has crashed after 2 hours of play. What happened to autosave? 
Golden Sun seems impossible to find. 
@666forever hope those beanies tags have covers. Sun damage can hurt their value 
@comcast store on potreri: line out the door w/ people looking to exchange boxes. Close @4 today, not open Sun 
wish we had Pac Sun in Enlgand I miss shopping there 
@tommcfly oooooown, i want to watch Star Wars with you 
It saddens me I never got to see Mercury live 
Sun poisioning sucks so so bad 
Listening to the Star Trek soundtrack makes me kind of sad because I keep on expecting something epic to happen and it never does 
I wish @adultswim didnt add Star Wars: The Clone Wars to their line up. I cold be watching Squidbillies right now instead 
Just ready Daily Telegraph &amp; see new words... bunning? I thought that was a hardware store? Unhappy ..no new words for love 
I hate crying, I'm missing my Star Trek 
Sun...where the hell are you hiding?? i'm in the need of a suntan..c'mon come out come out wherever you are!!! 
Wishing I could go watch Star Trek again  ~ &lt;3 all those #GQMF
Ughhh. Sun poisoning 
*Sun is shining - no more..... 
Sun is shining,the weather is sweet! So how come I'm inside workin ... 
@wenchpixie @As_Sugar_Candy Off to see Star Trek (again!!) tonight so I dunno if I'll be back for spamming  Have fun though !! xx
Sun's gone again 
Sun poisoning 
Loved Star Trek. A bit disappointed that all thats Star Trek is now erased  But aside from that very happy with it.
@ambergillespie haha, it would be freaking hilarious, but I already made them all on the PI Journal's page 
@LishaP16 rainy  I'm at the Sun's game and it has been postponed because of the rain.
ahh the weekend is almost over already  At least there's dinner and Food Network Star left...
@ZenobiaDTC glad to find you on twitter!  Not glad to learn you're a CT Sun fan 
@KirstyHilton Post-gig tube trying-to-get-on-tube situations are the worst ever 
Replacing PCM and cpu/memory board in old Sun E4500. 
Today was A LOT of fun- now I only have 1 Star Wars weekend left 
Star Trek again at the IMAX this afternoon! Going to miss the live coverage of new iPhone keynote though 
No one is seeing Star Trek tonight  sad
is sad he couldn't see Star Trek tonight   Aww, final papers....
@drobo oh man! had my video all set to send to you but I'm not in the States so I can't win. Times like this I dislike being Canadian. 
@Alyssa_Milano did you see the new Star Trek movie? also sorry to say that the Phillies won 7-2 
@Merebearrr I love u too!!! Times a trillion an one. We aren't on the same time zone anymore 
@CTerry1985 That's the thing; the new raft of Star Wars films were just a raft of #EpicFail s 
Kinda sad I can't watch Star Trek with the original special effects 
Morning all. Sun not as shiny as yesterday and there may be rain by the looks of it 
@charlesatan and Lone Star Stories has also closed, right? 
@astynes I must read Midnight Sun again... such a pity it's unfinished hey? 
Just got back from Rockness, perfect festival. Sun burnt muchly though 
Waiting for class to start. Star was weekends is over 
parents still get Bmore Sun delivered, saw it on the lawn today and it looked soooo flat and thin and sad  
Waiting for ze bus. Sun is shining brightly and making me sweat 
despite the quality of your candidature, your application has not been retained for this Post doctoral position 
@ktarlow &quot;To continue reading this premium article, you must have a Chronicle account AND a subscription or an online pass.&quot;  sad panda.
@hollsh I want to be watching Star Trek and knitting, too! 
I wish I was seeing Star Trek. 
going to see Star Trek for my second time. No luck finding the Adam Lambert issue of Rolling Stone 
@TheRealHeatherG :O Why not have fun??  Cling to memories of Star Trek!
@Siz_Star me too 
Post party hangover 
Considering Digger has bad storm anxiety, I definitely didn't like this local weather headline in my email just now: Daily thunderstorms 
What a day..went out last night (something I don't usually do on Sun) slept on a new matress for the first time and I didn't sleep well 
@nelldrik ohemgee I know! I want to see it so badly. I still need to see Star Trek. 
how sad is it that as of right now I am watching th original Star Trek - beam me up Scotty 
@Lady_KayKay You stopped watching Star Trek to watch The Bachelorette? That's a shame 
semi good weather tomorrow, so its not all stuffy during the U.S. Regents. *Sun/clouds-cool of 65-70!*  major studying, regents @ 12 tmrw!
still playing Star Ocean..feel like a bum..dreading tomorrow..two hours alone with boss and her not telling me what to do so yea fun... 
@MapleWorld I would like to have the Quest title except there aren't 800 quests to complete. And at level 181 can't do new lower ones. 
@catcherdudesmom Post a pic!  And, I still wanna' vlog   You are so wonderiffic!
@CalebFTSK...this is cruel...no screen name?  Post? Pwease? &lt;3
watching Star Trek was a bad idea 
@RevKevKing Could have gone to the launch, but was only told Sun and had a meeting yesterday 
No service for Globe users... so out of touch 
Missing the Old Times :| 
Finally saw Star Trek last night-casting great, FX over the top,  but story sucked as great as a red matter singularity. Its a cartoon.  
Post-gym, pre-errands, Sadly too busy for some chess today. 
I want LVTT!  Post dude, get me it now! LOL.
My Star Wars marathon was cut short, right in the middle of Episode IV  Sadness...
I don't think I should have told everyone that I never watched any of the Star War movies,now I have to do a paper for them 
Who else chews pens/ thought the Star Trek film was INSANE?!  I have le francais homework to do  All I wanna... http://tinyurl.com/nvk58j
i really wish i could go and get Line, Vines and Trying Times 
Sun poisoning is no fun 
@LtotheIZ I know that pool felt so good today, but I didn't let my Sun Tan Oil stay on long enough before I got in and I'm kinda sunburnt 
says Times are hard, i've gotta stop spending and start saving  http://plurk.com/p/11h7t2
Sun Devil baseball always breaks my heart.  #fb
Times like this I wish I had a tv in my room. boo. 
@digiwombat You don't like Star Trek? 
After the heavy rain... Here comes the Sun... But stuck in the office...   http://twitpic.com/7lldu
@carlmorris the cache is not even there this morning.  such a shame. i hate the Times for this.
@L_Star22 im right here..im just silent 
@vmahmud I'm not a big trek fan. actually, i haven't seen Star Trek 
@mychemicalrobot --while Sentinel has a normal symbol. I can't put logic into that. 
Sun's up and still so am I 
Will auch in den Europa-Park ....  Silver Star YEAAAHHH
Sun is shining  , medium temperatures :-| and slight winds  #fb
All is good. Sun's being kinda unsocial 
I'll have to try to go to see Star Trek otherwise I may not see it again in the cinema 
I'm facing a dilemma - Sam baby won't let me see Star Trek again til I give blood  BLACKMAIL! lol
Just saw Star Trek for the final time on the big screen  Oh giant Pinto, I will miss you so!
@Princess_Banner lol..i love u megan...everyone follow @X3Richellex3...i accept ur adoption..i went to sabrinas sunday and u werent there 
 Star Defense isn't updating for me 
Architect's Journal's top ten structures from Star Wars they feel are most important.   My desk didn't make the list  http://bit.ly/Y9hrB
I managed to buy a Capri-Sun, which didn't last very long... It was the cheapest drink- only $.79. I wanted a water, but it costs $1.19 
@naomiusprime I've still got a few bits to go on Lego Star Wars 
@nicole_hammett  I have 2 give lunch a miss today.. I too have tons of stuff 2 do before expo on Sun plus need to finish 2 albums..sorry 
Sun burnt from the parade 
Watchin Star Trek. About to go to bed. A long day at work today and another tomorrow.  I worked 100 hours in two weeks last pay check!
speaking of @scifimovie nite ... I have been watching the movies from last saturday... now on Star Runners My son said it was pretty bad 
Sun burnt  2 days in a row outside in the sun = bad idea
reading &quot;Bee Season&quot;. only 30 pages left - I desperately want to finish but cannot keep my eyes open 
Looking forward to silverstone (just TV, not going  ) this w/end. Family going out on Sun and leaving me to watch #f1 in peace!
@markshaw have had to leave it to go to work  Sun still shining though!
What happened 2 the Sun 
I just dropped my blackberry in a craft store  &amp; scuffed a brand new pair of heels. Times are NOT good!
Man, it's hot here!  Times like these I wish I knew how to swim  
@SianySianySiany Post-holiday deflation 
@SnakeDoc71 I don't think til Sun 
sorry Star Wars marathon how rude that i didn't put in the gap 
#jpop Listening to Globe!!! Still no news about Globe coming back after T.K. pleaded guilty to fraud. I miss Globe 
Want Star Wars Old Republic but dont have a decent computer to play it on,plus it will take over my life,but whats wrong with that 
@defiantprincess Star Gold shows more ads than they show the movie!! 
@SammyIngles So, my Uncles, mom's funeral is sat morning but we'd be staying til Sun, which means I wouldnt br able to go to FT 
HAHA! Boone just referenced Star Trek &amp; the red shirts! Which is ironic, cause he's holding a red shirt, plus the obvious 
Me and @lucy_whufc are having to sell our Oasis tickets. Times are bad for money here 
Still awake, Thanks to Star Trek novels being awesome reads, shame that the next one is always so far away... 
i FINALLY saw Star Trek! it was awesome but I am already miserable again 
I think I lost my favorite Express shirt 
@L_Star22 I did someone to post so I can retweet. 
@JeJa6 i know my Favorite Sun Flower im starting to forget how you look  lol we have to have a hw night;)
@Beth_Star85 haha it is Hell! I'm trying hard to stay awake  your lucky to be done !
OMG I just found out that Keith Andes (Akuta in Star Trek: The Apple) died in 2005.   http://is.gd/15UjN
I heard that Tosch isn't starting the Star Wars GURPS tomorrow. So angry 
@ZombieFlanders good luck with watching Star Trek! I made it about 3 episodes into the first series and I gave up 
Star Craft 2 will be released late 2009 -.- 
Globe just called me. The woman said that I can't have a free handset yet. I will have it the next few months! 
Wowsers!!! Star Trek was great, Bizzle was incredible, miss 'Joey'  he was great tonight!!!
Boriing xD BestFrend havent came up to Messenger O.o 
is in bed, needs to get up and go get his last little check from Club Sun 
@Cadistra Quest isn't available until you get the epic flying skill 
I really need to see Up and Star Trek  so behind on my pop culture
Times are rough.  im without the internet for a bit.  @countybrown i could use that work now.  been laid off till august. 
@mandadmb no windows lost. Sun is already shining again. Just enough to wake the baby!! 
I still haven't seen Star Trek.... I think it finishes in most cinemas this Wednesday... 
When is Star Trek out on DVD? I need to see it again already 
Times like this make me wish he and I lived less hectic lives...these schedules get the best of me sometimes 
Awesome, 6 pack Star Wars bobble heads for $30 at http://woot.com, they got Solo, Yoda, Book, 4-Lom, A Tie Pilot, and Luke, but no darth 
Not watching Star Trek tonite 
Jamilla woke up, therefore Star Wars VI will have to wait 
the trouble with a guy bringing you movies? Clone Wars, Star Trek, Stone of Destiny, Sanctuary...where's the chick flicks,man? 
Sun burnt lips - owe 
Sun is shining and a very boring day  whyyyyy?!
 &quot; Vandals paint swastikas on home of author of gay, lesbian church story : Naples Daily News&quot; ( http://bit.ly/11zyzl )
It bums me out when Restaurants have Daily menu changes but don't provide that info on line 
Pegasus Mail development has ceased 
Post-graduation sadness  I recieved a scholarship yesterday!
@Collin_wolfboy awwww  poor you! don't worry, Star will sort them out
Ohhh kessi has sad that the sun seems to not want to make an appearance today...  summer officially starts tomorrow!Sun better say hi  ...
@stephlockdown Pinetime like Chris Pine? I want to see Star Trek again 
@andishehnouraee I can't make it.  Post pics please.
no double date tonight.   Going to see Star Trek with Erica(my sister) tonight at midnight D
@Killa_Star whaaaat? what is the world coming to?? do they still make teddy grahams? or those dinosaur graham crackers??  please say yes!
@OlliexPOVx do you remember when I told you Danny was going to be on All Star Family Fortunes, he going to be on during XMAS 
I wish I wish among a Star that HGTV would come to my house...    I need ideas for my Entry way.
@javagrma I'm ok thanks. Just come out from work. Sun is up of course, and now for the 45 min drive home.   XXX
@sapiduduk huehehe, can't view the vid, man, on EDGE only now  The song was on Star Trek, right? Niiiice!
*sigh* Post-convention blues. 
Wimbledon starting tomorrow....but Star Sports not added in my channel package 
I'm still bed dredding my day@work! I'm also suppose 2 sing evry Sun@my church! I wanna sing....  
Sun is up 
Up and ready to go on Sun....miss my Sobu sushi brunch. 
And I'll have to stay here for the night. The company arranged the lodging. No Star Cricket on TV.  Ah well, at least there's HBO.
So excited! Seeing Star Trek (3rd time) and going to rock climbing gym today. Sad, I'm having more fun today than my dad is. 
I got the DVD game Star Trek: Scene It for b-day... sadly, I don't have many (any) friends with that level of ST knowledge to play with. 
on my way home. Post holiday/birthday blues big time 
the clouds look nice, blue-grey sky, but still no Sun 
@ebrown2112 - He will be missed.  I hope that means he will pursue a Star Trek show w/ JJ. I already miss Pushing Daisies. 
Sun burnt blisters everywhere. I'm bed bound 
Have watched Star Trek twice. Where, where, where can I get the original series episodes? 
I wanna read Midnight Sun. 
I really miss the N's tv show Instant Star  the girl who played Jude had a really pretty voice. She looked like Skye sweetnam, too.
I miss my tennis mix channel and getting to browse thru all courts. Don't even know if Star Sports will air the Reynolds/Simon match 
Again learning Quantum Mechanics.. I don't want to --&gt; Sun is shining outside, nice weather 
@rigelbot I know! I'm so sad right now... watching Star Search was a family event in my house growing up. 
@franklero http://twitpic.com/86h3a - I used to have a Star Wars pinball machine. Had to sell it when I moved. It was a sad day 
PS flat is too warm. Sun gonnae boost. 
ok, now I'm not looking forward to the Star Wars: Deathroopers novel.  http://bit.ly/1Y6V61
I feel like doing something completely spontaneous and crazy! Today has just been a really boring day.. I wanna meet Quest Crew ! 
should have gone to granada theater on Sun to buy @jennylewis tickets. now we have to do will call after doors open and hope for the best 
Damnnn mad cos Quest Crew was in sf on the 19th for meet and greet and performance 
@atlantasymphony Oh noez...calling Star Wars fans &quot;Trekkies&quot; is kind of a faux pas 
Fourteen greatest Trek time travel adventures. Surprisingly, I've only seen four.   http://tinyurl.com/nyk67d
aah eu queria #The Daily 10 no Brasil! 
The first 6 Star Trek movies will take 7 hours to download, yet the entire series of Next Gen is estimated at 110 days 
transformers 2 being king in the cinema! And Star Trek has gone  how poor,i haven't watched it yet!
So not excited for Transformers 2 now. WTF all the &quot;blockbusters&quot; I was looking forward 2 suck.  Except Star Trek &amp; Up.
@victorQUEST but unfortunately I was unable to see Quest. 
@L_Star22 probably.  grrr. I can never have a good bye tweet. smh
Sun is shining...and I am at work 
Typical hardly any meetings today and the Sun has gone 
Stuck on bariatric ambulance 73 again! Sun not up yet &amp; I'm already on way to get a 400 pound patient  
Sun must have seen my last tweet. It went back into hiding. 
Just boarded the plane to Belgium to play the mighty Star Wars tonight. 1 mc down tho  fingers crossed Stamina can make it
@1baronjennyson I really want to but with no money and time (I'm leaving for a two week vacation this Sun) it looks like no Otakon for me 
sadden by the images in the News Gazette yesterday 
@PerezHilton lol at your Sun extract, THAT true violence, you are just a screaming queen 
@LISAMARIE777 yep... @donniewahlberg forgot alllllll about us Mohegan Sun crowd...no love on here at ALL!!!    wussupwitdat?
ok, so I just realised that i missed out on Star Trek at the cinema - gutted! Gonna see Terminator to drown my sorrows !! 
Just chipped my Star Trek mug. *sniff* A little plasma tear leaked out of my left nacelle.   http://yfrog.com/4bm3hpj
@aileenabigail yup,he's very popular here ^^ Star King? OMO! i loves that show and sad coz SJ wont be in the show 
Nails broken. No after party dress. Sun burnt. What more could go wrong... 
@dp4 I stopped with the hair color after it once turned out way too dark. Friends told me I looked like a Romulan on Star Trek. 
@michellardi i really don't know. i think its Globe!  yeah! sana gumaling na ko para alam ko na din kung makakasama ako! )
#nightcard The Star: what a wonderful card for a new beginning both for you and Ankie 1.0  Welcome! 
@MiltyKiss what are the theme songs for each, again? All I know is DBSK's Rising Sun is in it! 
On train to Star #Trek movie premiere with my golden entry ticket to &quot;A Reserve Circle&quot; 
@joannayoung Sun shining here 
Post-midnight beach run 
Can't wait until the new Star Trek movie comes out, looks good 
Can't wait for the Star Wars marathon now! I have the best friends EVER 
Sun .... no sun ... sun .... no sun ....sun ... freeze you motherf*cker ... just stay there and light my day 
Welcome to Delta Daily's twitter! Here you will get all the updates on what is happening with Delta Daily and Delta Goodrem! Follow us! 
With all these Star Trek events going on this week,  I'm itching to get out my Uhura costume and do a fandance  (please stop me!)
@ddlovato it's 9:42 Post Meridiem in here now! 
Evacuated from apt building due to fire Sun (all are safe) - returning today 
Courier Mail editor asked in passing earlier tonight about data mashups  Bodes well
Sun is shining over the lovely east mids- what a day.   
I feel well  I listened to my instincts and had a lovely evening at home, even cooked dinner . A very North Star week
@chickieleighc Lol. Your welcome.   Fifth Element is one of my favorite movies, and well Star Trek.. is Star Trek! ;)
Due to a mechanical fault, I did not fly not tonight. But  Jet Star kindly put me up at Mantra! 
An epic Star Wars battle took place on our grass patch: Luke, Anakin, and the Emperor fighting. Emp had to pause bc of pebble in shoe.  
Oh god best day ever, Star Wars IV in the breakroom and sistas tonight. 
@carlamedina cOnfessiOns Of a Disney Channel Star  hahaha!*
Looks like a Star Wars marathon on Spike! 
listening to music The Bright Star Alliance (L) 
@wilw Star Wars is the best   That's the best one too
Sun morn began with laundry-ing. lots of weekenders and ma warm blanket 
Got our tickets for Star Trek IMAX movie! 
@Stephenie_Meyer can't wait to read Midnight Sun and all your future work. you're an inspiration 
Sun is shining!! What a surprise, Holland is rocking these days! Going to see my flower in the sun today 
has enjoyed lounging around and  watching the Star Wars saga so far.  Next up? Episode 5. 
Loving The Sun ! 
@katepickle Post is fine, love the photos 
@Kmac4him Thanks, we (pastors) appreciate all the prayers we can get   We have international prayer/fasting 3rd Sun month
getting ready to go to the Star!!! 
The Sun is shining, weather is great! Sitting inside in front of my mac and working for Rotaract...  and I like it! 
@Reddic if you won't miss a Star Trek movie, then you ARE a Trekkie just not a cross-dressing/conference going type  lmbo
Tis a rare day. Sun is out and I'm downloading some tunes on my mac 
Sun, sunday ny times, coffee birds...this is how life should be when it is at its absolute worst 
Sun is shining time to put on my yellow thinking hat like an edward de bono 
Sun is shining, the weather is sweet, yeah!! 
Just about to start heading back home from the beach! Sun, sea and a bbq! 
Watching movies!! Star Dust was good!  
When the Sun shines in this country everyone feels and acts 100 times happier! It is amazing the transformation! 
Photo: Star Wars Humour, i LOVE it  http://tumblr.com/x1e1mefda
@martinpacker That's a nice message  Sun in BOE too - have to work now anyway
I am enjoying the Sun currently found in Soho right now 
So, #Oracle buys #Sun -- quelle surprise. At least I might get to see @stewartsmith around the office sometimes. 
@ClubCushions YES YOU ARE, LOL I have 2 NFL wives that shop Monif C like crazy you better get to those Superbowls and All-Star Weekends 
Oracle buys Sun, I guess they needed better hardware to power their bloated products 
@BrentO hey, as long as Oracle don't screw up Sun's hardware, I'm not hugely fussed 
Mergers tend towards reduction in total value, er discuss? Sun Microsystems 
@SnippyBitch Post cleaning naps are always a good thing 
I knew I had to explain something to my friend when she said Star Trek had lightsabres in it.... 
@christo4ferris I always felt Sun was the kind of competitor everybody wants to have  #sun #oracle
@dgiffin I suppose they can now say we support all platforms under and including the Sun 
Joe's here. Pain is a little less, still seeing a urologist tomorrow to be safe. Cran Juice &amp; Star Trek Deep Space 9 time 
@Echo_L &amp; @damianmann thanks for the props!  ? http://blip.fm/~4on4o
Sun is back 
Really wanting to see the new Star Trek film now 
Sun is shining again 
Sun still beaming down  just in time for my dayz off 
@jdbuckridge Awesome can't wait to see X-Men ... I think i've got like most my family goin to see Star Trek next week 
Listening to Jeffree Star.  Swine flu everywhere and what happens? A friend's cat triggers my allergies. *sigh*
@audreytang You're better off with Star Trek and Terminator. Noted: Revolutionary Road 
Sun is shining, the weather is sweet, yeah 
@sandell New Star Trek? Where and when will we find out if it's any good or not? 
Sun is shining, coffee is fresh and I think that the hands are ready for some #vo2max snatching with the 32 kg #kettlebell 
Watching Enchanted at Star Movies 
going to watch Star Wars XD not sure which one though, the second one i think 
ah there you are Sun. 
Enjoying the Sun with Family 
@galactica tweeting via Globe now too ha 
Going to spend some time in the Sun  xxx
@slu201 wait watching what?  Star Trek or Paper Heart? Cannot wait to see your twin on Star Trek
@thefreezepop We were reading the extract of Midnight Sun off her website and substituting words 
assistindo Star Wars 1 na record 
Read @christinelu on Global Times. California Gal makes good in the journalism world.  http://is.gd/w1fb
Anyone else think the Doomsday Machine in Star Trek looks like a big fish? I bet they used an old lure 
Can't wait for Star Trek 
Waisted from Star' party. 
@tommcfly Just saw the Hollyoaks preview...destiny  Cool Star Wars T-shirt you wear 
hmm @JeremyTNell  had 2 of his cartoons rejected by The Times http://trunc.it/29o0 I think they're brilliant 
yay. Sun has finally come out 
@gnudeep Dancing Star ? Singing Star? Loving Star? Comedy Star? Which Star???? 
Star Wars Battlefront still a great game 
@IrishEagle Curious to what you will grade Star Trek and Terminator? 
http://twitpic.com/4hdp4 - Patch the cat soaks up the sun as I watch old Star Trek reruns 
Sun is out, suppose I should really start doing something .......... nah 
@Funkagenda ahh, you want it to be like the minimal 0f 70s . Then, you just go and dress like Luke Skywalker in Star Wars,70s but not 
No thanks,i dont want a slice of Jefree Star 
4 days 2 hours 18 minutes 40 seconds till Star Trek!!!!!! 
stickam.com/linalrae come talkkkk  started: Sun, 20:51 PDT
wants to watch the Star Treck movie. 
OMG!! can't wait for the Star Trek Movie!!! YAY! 
Star Trek this friday 
H1N1 sounds a lot like R2D2 from Star Wars.. more a fancy robot than a disease.. 
Traveling Tidbit video is up: http://blip.tv/file/2068574  Sun setting on the Coliseum in Rome! 
Waking up with Star Wars End Title Song in my had is sorta awesome .. and also kinda creepy 
Morning all - happy Star Wars day - May the 4th be with you! 
you know what's today? no? it's the Star Wars day you ass! 
@elizabethlai This is my mini collection of Star Wars figurines in the office.  @allysont http://twitpic.com/4j29b - what's this?
@grcrssl Helloooo (: Star Wars day is cool  LOOL. Wen do you go to Cnaterbury then ? x
@butterflykate Oh ok..we're supposed to be going to see Star Trek on Sun for Daves b/day...at least it's not Shatner 
it's Blockbuster week in New Zealand - &quot;Wolverine&quot; tomorrow followed by &quot;Star Trek&quot; on Thursday! 
@lifeincyan Aren't randoms what it's about?!!!  I LOVE that it's Star Wars day - I didn't realise and I can't believe it's almost over!
Happy National Star Wars day everyone!! 
@NiaBassett oh that's Star Trek  going on the 7th already. Woo!
Happy Star Wars day 
Star Wars day? I didn't know there was a such thing  May the force, be with you &lt;3
Well, up and into the third day of Virgin 1's Captain's Log Star Trek weekend 
@simonsydney Still will buy the DVD. Should be seeing Star Trek with Paul next weekend 
Star Warz day? Really..that is a hot topic? Man..oh man.. I'm just waiting for Star Trek! 
@Nextread I agree, keep it in Star Trek but make it commercially viable! C'mon! 
@jordandroid It's Star Wars day?! Urgh I'm gonna have to get the videos out 
Happy Star Wars day! 
@c1ndyy Yeah, it's good! If you're not going to use it, give it to me! I want to watch Star Trek 
Going to the Star Trek premier tomorrow night, uber stoked. I don't care if I'm a nerd, Star Trek is amazecore!!     
Happy Star Wars day everyone 
happy Star Wars day 
@roediger316 It wasn't the best flick, to be sure.  I'm just ready for &quot;Star Trek&quot; now 
Star Trek in HD.... I'm impressed.... Beam me up Spotty! 
@Jenderose as nerdy as I am, I just found out it was Star Wars day today!  I love you D 
Happy Star Wars day!!  unbelievable 
@lamacq Si seguisses als stormtroopers, a Jabba The Hut i a Death Star te n'hauries enterat abans que jo! 
Apparently today is Happy Star Wars day.  I'm suppose to say may the 4th be with you.  
@TheRaj Happy Star Wars 2u2, from all at @tbbtfans 
After seeing Star Trek again, I noticed they went a little crazy with the lens flare. 
Perfect day: flute quartets in the morning, web marketing in the afternoon with Barrie, and Star Trek in the evening 
Star Trek rocked!  It was WAY better than I expected 
My three-day weekend starts now.  Was gonna watch Star Trek, but opted to go another night instead.
Really enjoyed Star Trek - great movie, amazing special effects. Definately recommend even if your not a Trekky 
At tempe marketplace waiting to see Star Trek. 
New Star Trek movie = Awesomeness. Unnecessary brief underwear scene (pun intended) but besides that, just awesomeness.  #startrek
seeing Star Trek tonight! Super stoked. 
@vrooje did you see Star Trek yet?  i've seen it, twice already! i didn't like it the first time, the second time was way better!!! hahaha
@chictopia it's ok because one of my favorite movie series is Star Wars. That makes me more of a dork than you 
never expected to hear Beastie Boys in a Star Trek movie... was a super great flick though. *pew peww* -- (phasers) 
Excellent, excellent movie!  Star Trek, that is. 
watching Star Trek and next to watch it at the movie theater 'cause the movie is really worth it... 
Star Trek was GREAT yet minor details needed to be worked out, but I give it a Thumbs Up, regardless!  
@scarybunnies Abrams has his quirks for sure.   I'll summarize my post like this: decent flick, but NOT a &quot;Star Trek&quot; story.
decided that wolf in a future Star Trek Logo game would be much cooler than Chewy in Star Wars 
Just saw the new Star Trek movie. It was so good!! Zachary Quinto is amazingggg 
Star Trek was actually really good 
At the movies. . . About to watch Star Trek! 
Star trek was good times. 
Back in SJ. Star Trek tonight at 9:45pm at Cinelux on Almaden. 
is NOT watching Star Trek tonight. But is heading to a lovely dinner and fun board games night with @chrisweis 
@robinware Did you see Star Trek? Now I can't sleep.........too much action. Can't wind down!!! 
@cowpunkmom Sweet deal! I so want to see that movie! Methinks we may have to do a Star Trek movie night some time, hmm? 
Saw the new Star Trek movie the other day. I strongly recommend it! 
Sitting in the KAUST offices. Sun is shining and surrounded by busy people... ace 
@brotallybeh dude, was that you in the new Star Trek Burger King commercial? Bud Light AND Burger King? So proud of u man. 
Ok, 4 Star Trek fans have given the new movie good reviews  getting very excited!!!
Star Trek in IMAX  with Kojikun, seastar, Brian, and George.
Just finished watching the last of Star Wars 
Just finished watching Star Trek in IMAX. . . Could've watched it all night. . . Live long and prosper 
Enjoyed Star Trek... More please 
Just watched Star Trek. A+! That was so well done. I think I'm down to see it again. Who wants to join me? 
About to watch the Star Trek movie 
just watched Star Trek.. I liked it  I'm making my mother a card and listening to some tunage, Copeland to be exact ;]
Just saw Star Trek...one word: BombTastic!!! Go see it if you haven't already. P.S. I love Jon Cho!!! Haha 
@kixsal The Star Trek in IMAX wasn't in 3D, but it was huge on the screen.  Still worth watching. 
@chris_ryall What if I thought I was a Star Trek person but I wasn't all that crazy about the new movie? 
The stress of recital is gone!!  It went so well  And Star Trek is my new favorite movie!!! I wish I was in space =/
I'm uploading some videos to youtube, will give link once I get more loaded. Variety from my daily life, not amazing but fun to watch 
@robotmunky I've read good things bout it. Just not feelin it tonight. Proly finish it tomorrow, after Star Trek 
I loved Star Trek. It was so awesome. And the effects were brilliant! &quot;Live long and prosper.&quot; Hehe. I wanna see it again 
Star Trek was so good Im seeing it a third time...corse I do work at the movie theator 
@joshtastic1 Going to see Star Trek 
Star Trek movie: riveting. Soundtrack: superb. Overall experience: fantastic. Alyssa jumping at german shepherd: priceless. 
Just got home. :3 Was pleased with Star Trek. 
The Star Trek movie was amazing! omg everyone has to go see it 
Good Morning  Plan for the day: Church followed by F1 &amp; lunch at mum &amp; dads. Then DM discussions of Star Trek!
Just saw Star Trek with the boo.. Now off to bed! Never again will I go to a Vallejo theater. hAppy mOthErs dAy to all!! I love my mommy 
surprisingly liked Star Trek (contrary to the theory that star wars fans are anti trekkies) 
just noticed that two of the top ten topics on Twitter right now is &quot;Star Trek&quot; and &quot;Spock.&quot;   That is so cool!    I am in love with both!
@beckystarzmcfly  Yes, you should go see Star Trek!  It's sooooo much fun!
@smileindenial you're so much fun  Star Trek soon, ok? ;)
just got back from seeing Star Strek 
Star Trek is awesome!! Kirk is hot, Spock is cool. It's fun, cool and sexy. Definitely worth seeing. I saw it at the Cinerama. 
The geeks were out in full force to see Star Trek. Yes, myself included. 
@mariancall I'm just glad that you didn't think that Star Trek didn't live up to its hype, and wasn't a waste of your time and money.  
@ohmonika Star Trek is really good. I loved it too 
F1 &amp; Star Trek...what a great Sunday 
Proud 2 B a trekkie . The new Star Trek movie RUUULLZZZ 
And the Sun is shinning.........at last 
What a perfect sunday morning!! Sun is shining, i feel so good - time for a perfect breakfast !! 
Just saw Star Trek. I am not a hardcore fan or anything but it was really good! Get at it 
Saw the new Star Trek movie yesterday 'twas  very good. Having a quiet day today - off to the gym then for lunch 
Enjoyed the new Star Trek movie last night.  I want to see it again!    Up and ready to work... on SUNDAY!  BLAH!
Star Trek.. Did not disappoint!  5 star!!
18.42 recalling the events of a great wk/end - Star Trek movie is fantastic, Zach Quinto is hot! Study, shopping&amp;dinner, life is perfect 
@shezababe Star Trek? Me? Nah. My Dad is one for Star Trek right enough. Today, I'm off to see 'Corlaine'. Much more my style Shezz. 
Yday was v.interesting - Cardiff adventuring, seeing half of Newport there and eating sushi! Today, cinema - Coraline &amp; Star Trek, yay! 
All I hear people talking about is Fuzzball and Star Trek  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
@mystiquetur Hey.. how was the Star Trek movie.. I only know one person who saw it thus far, so I was curious 
@LJMHale Star Trek was the best film I have seen in a long time and they didn't destroy the story or anything 
Sun is shinning and i'm so lucky because i see m honey @ 16 pm 
Though the new Star Trek film was a joy to watch  Really enjoyed it, even if it was a bit Swallows and Amazons in parts...
saw Star Trek in Gold Class in Abu Dhabi... the ONLY way to see movies 
The house is quiet.  Hubby and dogs are still asleep.  Looking forward to seeing Star Trek today.  
May go see Star Trek again tonight  &lt;3
@neilfellowes Also going to see the Star Trek movie tonight - woooooo! 
Off to see Star Trek. So excited 
@thehappysalmon oh goody..think I will wait for Star Trek to come out on DVD..I dont really go to the cinema. Thanks 
@forshannonski I saw the Toronto Star story. It's amazing how Fuzion captivates consumers, who use social media to shre their excitement. 
@blazinglily I Love Star Trek too. It was so much fun! 
Star Trek was the best movie EVER!!! Must... rewatch... omg. 
spending the day at The Greene in Beavercreek shopping &amp; watching Star Trek...excited! 
@saarmst1 Good for you!  We're taking my mom out to dinner tomorrow; today is my one year wedding anniversary.   Star Trek and sushi later
Going to see Star Trek with the parentals. Ridonkulously excited. 
Taking the mother to see Star Trek in celebration of the day. Hey, it was her choice! Her gift? Awesome seats at the Indians/Reds game. 
watching Star Trek with Jason. 
@JackKempers  Sun's welcoming you! 
is going to see Star Trek! yay for working at a movie theater and getting in for free!! 
Off to see Mom and then Andrew is picking me up to see Star Trek at Ultra Modern new theater.  We'll see if the movie is better that way. 
Glad you enjoed it !  @SteveD3  @mbowman3807 Star Trek ruled. Didn't see it in IMAX, but I loved it. Taking the kids next weekend.
Ein Quantum Bytes 12, u.a. mit Star Trek 11  http://www.einquantumbytes.de/blog/
Star Trek Movie - Worth Seeing 
The new Star Trek movie is surprisingly good. My trekkie heart is all happy now. 
Saw the Star Trek movie last night. It was like a trip back into childhood, since I have not watched Star Trek in about 8 years. 
Hey! The Superman and Star wars themes back to back on Classic FM!! Exciting stuff! For me, anyways. 
Nate loved Wolverine! It was cool. Want to see Star Trek though, hopefully next week. 
Walking to the Bain Project and Star Trek, then home for laundry and tv  ? http://blip.fm/~5zmb3
Finally off to see freaking Star Trek! Omfg, Spockkk 
On my way to the movies again! This time with my mom and dad, we're going to watch &quot;Star Trek&quot; yeeeeh! 
Watching Star Trek on the side of a house inside: IMAX. Quite cool really. 
Alright, alright I'll admit it - Star Trek is a great movie. I'm glad we saw it! 
Back from my second helping of Star Trek.. and yes, I am still overwhelmed at its awesomness. 
loved Star Trek...... whoever did the casting was spot on!!! 
WOOP! Star Trek at 10:30! DON'T Spoil it for me 
Just saw &quot;Star Trek&quot; and feel this horrible need to nitpick. 
Star trek was great 
Although I've facebooked it, I never mentioned here that Star Trek was freaking amazing. 
Back from Asheville, saw Star Trek, really awesome, hoping to see it in theaters at least once more 
@lilmomz Oh yay! I might be seeing Star Trek on Thursday 
Totally rockin'!! I may be seeing the Star Trek movie much sooner than anticipated! Yay yay yay! 
@Just_Aimee It was good - church, Star Trek movie, and my ds wrote me a cute poem (see my blog) 
@GrayFoxDown I watched it today, yes, its an updated version but its Star Trek through and through.  Just go have fun with it. 
Saw Star Trek with @sam_zone @epodcaster &amp; @designminded. I loved Simon Pegg as Scotty. 
@philviso 'cept A* (pronounced A-Star) is something  you can google.... 
@SoldierKnowBest Star Trek!! i dont like this movie  
@NISXAN I don't think I ever told you that I'm a percussionist and fellow Star Wars nut as well - probably why we get along so well 
If you haven't seen it, you MUST see Star Trek! I want Spock babies. 
The Weekly: http://tinyurl.com/5j24w8 add your giveaway links, be informed, meet some new bloggers and vote on the poll! 
I wanna see Star Trek now  (Chris Pines is a cutie too)
Wow. Star trek was freaking amazing! Favorite movie of all time? I think so. 
I loved how Classic Spock from Star Trek: The Original Series made a cameo 
Star trek was really good believe it or not 
This clip on LOST was playing before Star Trek @ Alamo Draft House http://tinyurl.com/5cn2xm - Pretty accurate 
@Mediamum In my defence though, I can recite all 6 Star Wars movies verbatim thanks to Mr 7's obsession 
Star Trek wasnt half as lame as i thought it would be. its for sure worth seeing, especially in imax 
really wants to see Star Trek with his parents,,,for the third time 
just saw Star Trek...it was kick-ass. i'm officially in love with Chris Pine 
@caitlinflorence  You can't wear my G-Star jeans!! what are you crazy? haha 
@pjlavina I remembered the Star Trek scheds correctly. I guess they changed it the day we went to watch 
@mattdavelewis I'd agree w/ you Star Trek was INCREDIBLE! I was blown away! Waiting to finish exams so I can see it for a 3rd time! 
Star Trek , Ghost of Girlfriends,Fighting  added to vip theater 
So, is it now cool to be a Trekkie? Still digging the new Star Trek movie.  As I pack my bags for the move.
Just saw Star Trek, is it weird that I find Spock the most endearing?  And I'm still trying to do the Vulcan fingers.
Off to see Star Trek  http://yfrog.com/667c7j
Saw Star Trek and it was surprisingly good 
Just got back from Star Trek. Where were the illuminated swords? 
@CocoFontana It's gooood! Star Trek is realllyy worth your money! 
@bythekilowatt I saw Star Trek yesterday, it's fucking awesome! 
Good Morning Y'All  Today going for the interview in Groningen and for the second time to Star Trek. Call me a Trekkie 
Empire Of The Sun to start the day, can't wait to finish to see @paulcargill  xxx
loving loving loving Star Treck 
Still buzzing from seeing Star Trek on the IMAX screen. A. MAZE. ING. One of my fave films of all time. Not perfect, but oh so loveable.  
So @LauralKGW just go see the new Star Trek and it will all be better... 
Taking the afternoon off, going for a swim then... Star Trek again! 
saw Star Trek last night - wasn't expecting much but then thoroughly enjoyed it 
The Sun is Shining in Trondheim 
New Star Trek movie = Pretty good  Pleasantly surprised (and entertained).
Saw Star Trek last night and really enjoyed it! I would recommend it to all 
@noaddedwater I was fully prepared to scorn you whilst the page was loading, but they're actually really nice. Mercury 
@taffysaint @helga_hansen ... about as thin as the ol' Star Trek fallback: the rewind button! 
I'm gonna watch Star Trek at IMAX probably this weekend. Who wants to join? 
Sun is shining, coffee brewing... ready to edit some fun &amp; lovely engagement sessions! 
Star Wars news http://bit.ly/6cfiY ...actually quite an accurate review 
@Zoe_Saldana amen to that...and, you were GREAT in Star Trek.. 
@Msny2009 u Shuld Brush Daily 
I reeeeeeeeeeeeeeally liked Star Trek.  I reeeeeeeeeeeally like CPK leftovers 
@RuthMoore Allo allo! Seen the Star Trek film yet? I'm up for a cinema trip next week if you're around 
Oh yeah! Saw Star Trek yesterday with @arctickiller and a couple chicas. I was skeptical but it was quite amazing  I would see it again 
Take a peek at my Ohio Star quilt block framed stitchery just listed  http://bit.ly/p5hoH
Star Trek, The Library and The Paramount was awesome 
@RipleyWorld oh  Star Trek was refreshingly good, much better than the stardard 'get Stewart and have smtg evil threaten the Earth/Galaxy'
I wanna go to the moviessss! Wanna watch Star Trek and Angels &amp; Demons! 
Is about to see Star Trek. 
Star Trek was still amazing the third time around 
Went to see Pete York at HOB. loved it! Now seeing Star Trek 
Star Trek 10:30 IMAX Metreon. Second time seeing the film, first on imax. If you're free you can join me! 
It is hot hot hot HOT today! And i'm diggin it. The Sun is up, the sky is blue.... what could possibly go wrong? 
just got back from the Spectrum with John. Finally saw Star Trek! 
@xoxnaquel well now u have 2 things to look foward.. well 3 cuz then the next day Lines, Vines &amp; Trying Times comes out.. 
Star Trek. Again 
@MaceosMama I can't stand Star Trek and I thought the movie was awesome, so that has to say something   (bring tissues if you cry...)
Jost got home from seeing the new Star Trek movie. I really liked it.  Thumbs up. 
Star trek with oats. Yessss  not empty 
saw Star Trek a second time. Yep, it's still good. 
Just got back from seeing Star Trek with my girlfriend. It was pretty fun. 
Reading the celebrity section in Daily Telegraph. Coming home now after family roadtripping. 
@oreofairy Maybe we can see Star Trek on Monday! That is if you don't have plans to see it with someone else... 
Star Trek was really good! I recommend it 
At Star Trek: Yng girl on phone w parents saying &quot;I understand now why u guys were trekkies! I can't WAIT 2 come talk 2 you about this!&quot; 
Just put up his Star Wars poster  http://twitpic.com/5cgj4
Star Trek was so beast! 
@BrianKeene Yes, congrats on the anniversary! But Star Trek isn't romantic. You should have seen Hannah Montana instead 
Star Trek was so cool!! 
Watch the original Star Trek episodes on Youtube. Loved the movie. 
Live long and prosper. Just saw Star Trek. 
I want to see Star Trek again  it was FANTASTIC!!!!!!!
Star Trek is gooooooooooooooood ! 
Just saw Star Trek @ The Arclight...amazing!  
Saw Star Trek Gd film like the effects 
@akarra I have been watching the Trek series for almost a lifetime, for me the perspective is diff., taken as a &quot;Whole&quot; it was very good 
Just saw Star Trek for the 3rd time. I think I've turned Courteney into a Trekkie. So proud! 
People go and watch Star Trek its an awesome movie  x
@vaninais umm Star Trek? nah jokesss  Think of all the good things that will come out of your concentration and hard work 
@himynameisrose btdub, you need something better to do  such as see Star Trek
@casey08: Thanks. Romanian literature. it's even more boring than it sounds.  I also wanna watch Star Trek by the way.
LOL. I'm such a Star Trek newbie. So you were talking about Chekov in the movie? Will definitely let you know! 
@lorrielamb  that could work! Also, &quot;will you murder me whilst I sleep?&quot; And -gasp- &quot;do you read the Daily Mail?&quot;
The only reasons to visit South Jersey. 1) @brianjmc 2) Wawa. Luckily this trip will cover both! And Star Trek! 
Can't stop thinking about Fuzzball and Star Trek  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
cant believe that i actually went and saw Star Trek - and i enjoyed it!! OMG whats happenin 2 me!!! 
@greggrunberg You were Awesome in Star Trek! 
funny video: Death Star vs. USS Enterprise  http://bit.ly/Yjudg
Just came from a movie and dinner with the cousins.  Star Trek for the 2nd time, and its still good! 
We decided to watch Star Trek in the last minute and it was AWESOME!! So much better than what i expected 
Star Trek was fantastic!! they better make another one &amp; if they do, hopefully I can land a small supporting role 
@mutazx Star Trek is awesome! Haven't seen the Da Vinci Code, but it was on C4 over the weekend so may go and watch it now. 
@F1_lou Sounds good. I'm going to see Star Trek on Tuesday 
@NathanFillion Star Trek is the perfect way to celebrate 
The theme of Star Trek I liked is that friendship is a lifelong journey with your friends and you will  know who the real ones are 
Assisti Star Trek.. Beeeeem legal.. breve resenha no Movieblog. 
It's 1:05pm. I have to get ready for the day, but I don't particularly want to.  More Star Trek time.  I'm wearing my shirt. 
A new profile picture  Star trekking across the universe....
@joeyroberson Lol, okay...(so not healthy..unless they're Sun Chips) 
Star Trek, then Hastings, then Kroger and finally steaks on the grill. 
Going to see Star Trek with @itspasqua tonight! I'm excited! 
http://www.readguitartabs.com approves of the new Star Trek!  
@emoisforluvers I hope you have fun at Trek 
Beat The Star time 
Going to see Star Trek tonight!!!  holy butt I'm excited 
well fuck Star Trek it's ruinng the series!!! which i didn't really care for but i can still bitch about it!!! 
i cud get the hang of movies in 3D. wonder if Star Trek is gonna b out in 3D or IMax. that wud b explosive 
My life rocks my socks  The sun's shining, it's warm outside and Star Trek is in the cinemas &gt;BD
-Going to see Star Trek with Wes. 
Off to see Star Trek with anthony and the fam.  It's so amazing outside.
@dduane Love your books and would be very curious what you think of the new Star Trek. Btw, it was sunny here in Vienna all the day 
Off to see Star Trek with my mum. 
Star Trek was so so so good. 
@redeyechicago Star Trek review: I have never been more proud of being a Trekker after seeing this movie. Way to go, JJ Abrams! 
Off to see Star Trek. 
&quot;Are you out of your vulcan mind!?&quot; - Star Trek was actually very good, as was the day itself 
@sacharya LOL i'm not familiar with this yet. Star trek is awesome! I like it. The guys hot 
@SheenaLovesJB LOL, they nag so much! At least we're seeing Star Trek  I wish JB were in it LOL!
Wow. Star Trek was amazingly perfect. 
Wants to see Star Trek, but doesn't feel like trekking to the theater today.  (I know, I'm cheesy 
Star Trek + booze + awesome ppl = an awesome nite! Relaxing poolside 2day till I go out with 2 more amazing people tonight! Great weekend 
Yo peeps! What's good 2day? I'm being a lazy bum. That's allowed once a week! Lol. What r u guys getting into? Thinking Star Trek in Imax 
Watched old Star Wars all day  now I'm bored.
Star Trek is a fantastic movie  - http://bit.ly/xQrX9
Saw Star Trek! Even in a small theater on a little screen it was awesome 
@VinceParr: Star Trek! By a mile. 
*gasp* Beth has agreed to see Star Trek! Looks like I get to see it again. 
Man, what a day... Church and Star Trek (original series and Voyager)... I'm being spoiled. 
Star Trek was really good when I went to go see it today! It was awesome! ;D 
Star trek was awesome ! better yet was being asked if we were students by the ticket guy 
Star Trek was WICKED!! Seriously go see it now. 
Itching to see Star Trek  But i have to wait 5 more days to see it.. Darn it!!
Star Trek: Now watching Star Trek special on QVC. Will try not to buy anything. Host just beamed in  No Michael Dorn tho.
@keitabando Japan Echo, an interactive Journal of Informed Opinion www.japanecho.co.jp @durf is the boss there. 
@shandi_archie yea! agree!! they should sing A Daily Anthem! 
http://twitpic.com/5expb - How good was the Star Trek party?  It was THIS good 
saw Star Trek today.. yesterday... aha, it was really good..  and i also saw wolverine on friday, also good
we are going to see Star Trek again 
@donottryit I knew nothing about Star Trek either when I saw it, and I liked it  So yeah, I'd recommend it. Now go watch! ;D
@EFactor18 Then I might give it a try.. believe it or not.. never seen a Trekkies movie.. I'm more a Star Wars girl 
Star Trek is so cool. B-) Watched it last night.  Chris Pine. :&quot;&gt;:-*
@JonasBrothers you new album cover &quot;Lines Vines And trying Times&quot; is so...mesmerizing 
@charuzee haha ikaw din pala!  i'll try to get a copy of The Star! naloloka na nga ako kakapanood ng videos sa YT eh lol!
dropping off el compa after watching Star Trek for 2nd time. good weekend 
At the end of Star Trek I was like that's it? I thought it would b longer.. 
I thought Star Trek &gt;&gt; Angels and Demons, but it was still good 
just saw Star Trek. i really liked it! hot cast! 
Just saw Star Trek again. It was still awesome. 
@questionday Star Trek most definitely. 
I'm pretty sure I'm hungry......LOTR again tonight. Two towers, tomorrow is Return of the King, then bring on Star Wars 
@kokoe2 thanks for helping me clarify...the Daily Grommet feature on ZoomAlbum is at noon est, so 9am pst 
Just got back from watching Star Trek again. 
@ipreuss Have played the Lego Star Wars game. Was fun. 
@monicaraidua fabulous! I love Star Trek too since I was a kid Especially the 'teletransporter' part, wish we could have it now 
Sun, sports, and sips of wine... sometimes I'm unbelievably in love with Sundays. 
@LiveCrunchBlog thanks for the correction. Post updated http://bit.ly/HWc4G 
@Cosmic_Marsali I want to see Star Trek a 3rd time 
Oh J.J. Abrams, thanks for making up for that failure of a show Fringe with Star Trek 
@mikeyway P.S: But I searched at  about new version is more professional as Technical..I prefer new version Star Trek 
Didn't know what to think going in to Star Trek, but it was actually not half bad 
@mikeyway Stop making me jealous by reviewing films I desperately want to watch.  I plan to hyperventilate over Star Trek!
@askenni Even I was surprised when you predicted victory for a person of Maha Star in May 2009 - Sun at 1st house and Jupiter in 6th ;) 
@mikeyway Damn it! Star Trek will be playing at my country next month! This really sucks. but A+, it's gonna be a worth waiting 
Oh forgot to say yesterday, went to see the NEW Star Trek movie. IT ROCKS 
Also, Sun eve cinema was nearly empty for Star Trek. My first time ever seeing ST on the big screen, despite 18 years of watching it all 
@suzziequeue I've had enough Star Trek to last me this life thank you! 
@li2active hey you wanna watch Star Trek is it? Just rock up at IMAX at 6pm on Wed! 
Off I go to fail a Critical Thinking exam and to see Star Trek! 
Star Trek was so cool! 
@libbyoliver I am drinking tea and watching Star Trek Voyager as prescribed! 
Just had interview for the Shropshire Star about the band, photography and twitter ...  good times 
http://bit.ly/mROCh  - The whole Livra team in Argentina goes to see the new Star Trek last Thursday 
Choochooing to Glasgow to see Star Trek 
Saw Star Trek with Max yesterday... it Rocked! I loved it 
@detence Now that's one occasion where the Times are in fact, not with the times 
has a job interwiew today and another tomorrow. Sun is shining and in evening are rugby practise. It's a great day. 
@synapticmysfire Post them here! http://www.flickr.com/groups/btub/  #btub
31 laps around the Sun! and happy as can be. Couldn't do it without all my friends.  Have some cake today: it's on me! 
Eating Apple Jacks with Star Trek beam-up badge, inside specially marked Kellogg's cereals 
watching Enchanted on Star Movies. 
@stewarttownsend I'm launching a new startup soon and would love to talk with you about the work you do with startups with Sun. Possible? 
is watching Enchanted in Star Movies  http://plurk.com/p/ujm6q
I wanna see Star Trek... Someone come and see it with me 
'You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself the villain.' (from The Dark Knight) Gotcha. oh Star Trek rocked 
Star Trek was freaking awesome ...just an FYI 
@immin Star Trek. im obsessed with that movie 
Star Trek was amazingly good.  Go watch it if you can. Next up going to watch Terminator Salvation and hope it does not blow 
@JeannetteC Star Trek at the IMAX that would be so awesome!!! I hope that they show it here on the IMAX sometime. Just seen it yes2day 
@LaurenBosworth looooove Sun Chips, sounds weird, but dip them in vanilla yogurt - you get the salty and sweet! 
Good Morning, anyone going to see Star Trek on Victoria Day?? 
Whoops, that prior tweet was cryptic.  Meant to be private message!    Fun weekend: saw Star Trek, played Fallout 3
Finally I will go to see Star Trek, tonight @ Cineplex, Sofia. I want more sci-fi movies to be made, because fiction means mind expanding 
Post call and happy to be home 
Finally getting to watch Star Trek 
@jetwardy I loved the new Star Trek.  Would you rate it better than Nemesis? 
Star Trek was AWESOME! 
@jmark93 That must be why I liked it.   I AM a Star Wars fan!
Accepted into college  Now it's time for a bit of Star Trek me thinks!
Star Trek was excellent! Who cares that there time travel stuff is completely unscientific. It's Star Trek!!! 
Can't decide between Fuzzball and Star Trek  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
@creativemf so how did you like Star Trek? If you didn't think it was great, I don't wanna hear it 
Star Trek was AWESOME 
Star Trek was excellent! Who cares that the time travel stuff is completely unscientific. It's Star Trek!!! 
Holy crap! Next Star Trek *might* be a Kirk v Kahn again! And Shatner might have a spot  http://tinyurl.com/po7mga
Craving for more Ewan. I  think it's time to continue that Star Wars marathon. 
Watched the new Star Trek movie yesterday...it was awesome 
@MsTeagan ...and by the way: I rewatched Sun Goddess last night. You and Sasha was amazing. I could watch that movie over and over! 
@sunanna ooo! I watched it today! that Star Wars girl was funny... 
@tynishakeli Thanks, I'll take the Gold Star 
Just saw the new Star Trek - not a bad movie.  I wonder if they have considered doing a TV show based on these characters?   
@Werecat1 Hey girlie.  Loved Star Trek.
Sun Salutations and meditation in the sunshine, that's the way to start the day... go to go, got to get work 
@ryangadams Express  but buy tickets online in advance to get discount (online carnet gets double discount)
Finally in the park, no one lost or in trouble yet, and now we are waiting in line for maybe the 3rd best ride... Star Tours  pirates next
@karenlwells It's a quote from Star Trek 
@duncandmf Don't mock if you've not seen Star Trek... it's fabulous! 
Sun Shine  Gods smiling on us - off to supermarket later to shop for 50+ for weekend camp
Sun, sun, and more sun lfe is good once again. Smile and the sun shines with you! 
@jennysunphoto No wonder so busy - work &amp; family in 2 countries.  see u Sun. But dunno why my slot 30mins but everyone else's 20mins..
@m4tt Nice, have u seen Star Trek? watched at IMAX... similar effect 
In the office trying to catch up on a week's worth of backlog. Sun is shining and today WILL be a good day! 
Sun isn't shining anymore =(( .. i think, i will make my hair curly   it's a pointless tweet again ^^ Such a fun 
sitting at home. There is so beautiful weather outside. Sun is shining and there'll be hot today  BTW I'm from Finland. 
4 days of freedom from work Alleluia! Star Gazing Beaches &quot;workouts&quot; ahhhh 
Finished finished finished-yay! Trek tomorrow yes please 
Sun is shining.  Drinks Inclusive Magic of Motown live 2night.  Bank holiday weekend is here.  Smiles all round :\) :0) 
Sun is shining! CSS calling! 
You have to see Star Trek with two sailors who have been on ships. They're so excited. 
+25C, Sun, Ocean... And, I am 18!  So grown-up now!
Found 2 new probate properties at 7:14am this morning on my morning bike ride - Sun was just glorious... What a way to find property 
bought some strawberries... yummy  work's not too bad today... muss nachher gleich weiter... nix Interessantes in der Post
@RedeemingGrace1 want more followers? Post your pic 
http://tr.im/m5RI - Lincoln Mercury. Star Trek and Star Wars or any sci-fi lovers would love it 
Watching Twilight and nearly cried.Dammit! BTW,Star Trek tomorrow with mum 
@SMeyerTwilight are you still thinking about finishing Midnight Sun? :&gt; 
I like to read The Daily WTF (http://bit.ly/aEFTM) it's so geekly 
@mattian Wait for the book/movie deal   ( Or check back copies of The Times!)
@mlb217 Happy to do it - Star Wars fans have to stick together 
rainy day, So expect tomorrow's construction lecture (:  and happy birthday to you &quot;Patrick Star  Ball&quot;haha  
@TigerByName I think the difference is that over there all get off on bank holidays. Here it is only banks and gov. I have a party on Sun 
Sun is shining, almost #weekend life is great 
looking forward to celebrating my dads 65th with family tonight (wow, am I old enough to have a 65 yr old dad lol) and Star Trek 2morrow 
@chimericalison Post pictures of your new digs when you get all moved in... sounds fabulous! 
@Tammy_Is_Here Terminator and Star Trek double feature, only cost 12$ for the both of us 
Just got back from Star Trek. Its sweet! And now I'm eatin some off brand oreos!  And Hanna is gonna get the... http://tinyurl.com/pj8g7p
Listening to the Star Wars movie. 
You know what grinds my gears?!?!?!   (Mirror's Edge) 
Star Trek. Again. 
Tonight @jencorbett and I are going out to somewhere flash for Dinner and going to see Star Trek Movie. 
id like to see the next Star Trek movie be the origin story for the Wrath of Kahn. just thinking out loud... 
Night at the Museum was good. I'd watch it over Star Trek any day 
watched the Star Trek Movie last weekend, it's incredibly good 
@lashieldmaiden I cried at Star Trek the first time.  I'm glad terminator was good for you. 
Just gave in and bought the Star Trek soundtrack off itunes  Which of course, means I'm listening to it now YAY
@RyanStar safe travels on your Star trek...yea - I stole that! 
finally saw Star Trek - it was awesome! hot guys + cool action + interesting storyline = great movie 
I didn't just go to Star Trek by myself... *sigh* Oh the levels I've stooped to because my friends are not cool enough to see it with me. 
@patriciaco But we watched Star trek instead. And we loved that too. 
@bloodandmilk Post re uterus v moving-passe ref to sachs(moyo)easterly notwithstanding-It was yr T about underwear that was incoherent 
i am completely in love with Sun Glass Hut and their new picture taking thing in their store. 
says mmm, Star Trek Voyager, a half done baby hat and a sleeping toddler. Not too shabby  http://plurk.com/p/wwuj6
Just saw Star Trek and remembered all the times I used to watch it with my dad, which made me love it that much more this time 
At Star Trek with dad. 
@Blade21292 I see you Blade jumping up and down!!  
Sun Mingming: 7-foot-9 **i'd like to stand next to him and take a pic    **they say he might be too slow for the NBA though
@N3W_Media They must be selling gallons of Sun Protection Lotion over there 
Hey guys, I won't be using my Globe phone from today till Sunday.  You can text my Sun at 0922-7144585, but ... http://plurk.com/p/wxua1
Making my morning coffee. It SO beautiful outside! Sun, sun, sun... 
Sun on my face, HLC in my ears 
We had a very relaxed evening at the cinema (Star Trek) as Bernhard babysitted Mariko 
We interrupt this Gilmore Girls-a thon to watch Star Trek: Nemesis. :-/ (James is home though so,  )
Tonight...dinner, movie - perhaps Star Trek according to Mr. 
Hello Star Shines.  The Earth says ' HELLLLOO'
Two very lovely ladies on #Page3 of this mornings Sun news paper 
or actually Trek 7.2 is starting to look more attractive than 7.3.. how can earlier release be better? 
@JoyrexJ9 yeah, ace   &quot;See JJ, was it so hard to make a title sequence?&quot; All is forgiven after Star Trek though
In the studio being paid to write banging electro tunes. Sun is shining and my awesome wife is baking cookies. Some days just rock 
&quot;Up&quot; was the first truly great narrative of 2009! Star Trek was fun, but Up grabbed the heart strings and didn't let go until the end  #up
Schoolioo, Easy Day. Star Trek &amp; Mall w/ Allison tonight 
