Most common words for this cluster:
[('start', 301), ('day', 54), ('week', 24), ('summer', 18), ('time', 16), ('beginning', 15), ('today', 12), ('starting', 12), ('weekend', 9), ('starts', 8), ('amp', 8), ('lol', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'start', 0.9250120520591736), (u'begin', 0.6751294732093811), (u'starting', 0.6546649932861328), (u'starts', 0.6359986662864685), (u'beginning', 0.6235946416854858), (u'started', 0.6215295195579529), (u'day', 0.5450431108474731), (u'referencing_ViewCast', 0.5398201942443848), (u'fledgling_Arpanet_network', 0.524983286857605), (u'DUNEDIN_Fla._Shaun_Marcum', 0.5227362513542175)]





@azraeel Got home after 10 in the end, back in for a 9am start aswell 
306 letters to be sent out!! better start writing now 
Off to work. It is the start of a beautiful day and I will be stuck inside. 
Some time soon I have to get up and start making my hair for tomorrow...but I don't want to. 
begin to feel nostalgic 
@wernshen what a boring start to the race! 
hardcore studying begins now. 
doesn't want spring break to end.. guess i'll go start on my homework now 
is having one of those days, where you make coffee and forget to put coffee in, then come back again to see you forgot to push start.  
@CHRISDJMOYLES morning feeling so so but doesn't the weather help. Missed the start of the show 
Sleeping in is a poor start to the week 
another monday start... furthest point from the weekend 
@JayGee101 on the late shift today start at 2 
@WahooPooh  in the middle of it now.@salspizza taking too long to get here so had to make a start!don't worry I won't do more than needed
Trying to finish my thesis   I want to be in bed before 3am, but this hasn't happened in about a week and 1/2, so why start now, right?
@scorpfromhell it's a start but one solo retweet of a trend would not do 
right, time to get up and start getting things done 
This is the start of a very long long day with no naps. 
@nicolepenney i know talk about over acting jeyz. when all here clothes got thrown around at the start  not the best i have seen from her!
Trying to update my resume. I hate having to update my resume 
@alithered77 of my! *starts crying*  you touched him!!!! lmao
It's the beginning of the aporkalypse. The hamdemic is here among us 
Sleeepy, need an early start tomarrow 
start working full time today... not looking forward to it 
The start of another long boring day at blockbuster. 
@tjefford that's only the beginning... 
Is up and still ill, starting to get a little scared.. 
well i guess i must make a start on the hedge 
start of another week 
has decided 2 start on my meds again, i may have 2 double them  it's been hellish 4 me 2day.
this weeks Greys is off to a rather sad start  ok, so i'm a bit late watching it
My week did not get off to a very good start.  
What a pathetic start to d day... 
not had a very good start to the day  want to go home already! hope it gets better!!!! x
What a way of start tha day... With a terrible headache... 
bad start to day: cereal (80), chips  (200).  Now I'm going out for a run, though.
This is not a great start to the game  #gojaysgo
Me and @nickeyann are of to the world's slowest start. She's leaving me today. 
i have homework already and my class doesnt start until tomorrow.. this sucks 
@princessdeleon I don't even know. Shes just being weird. Not the best start to the summer. Shes not the talking type either. 
is having a very crappy start to the morning. 
Not a good start to the week already. Why do I have to over analyse things and think the worst? 
Bad start to week : shower leaking 
A boring start to the week... 
Off to bed for a 7am start 
Wishes these antibiotics would hurry up &amp; start working 
Hauling my ass out of bed for my one day rotation. Yesterday's early start has confused my little brain though 
Bad start to the day, I failed to avoid the #DeathSponge on the way to work 
birds shat on my car, very bad start to the day 
Wish I could just skip going in and start the weekend early but, alas, it's not possible. 
C'mon coffee, please start working. 
@CaseyPCarlson What does the future hold for you? I was cheering you on from the beginning so sad you didn't make it to the top 13 
this summer has not gotten off to a good start...at all!! 
I need 2 start working out again 
@thexartiste whaaaaaaaaaaat?  start all over on what?
I really hate waking up at 5 when it's a late start day 
Another early start for me 
Its beginning to be impossible for me to be warm. 
So you think you can dance is kinda getting off to a rough start with me. 
@stinegirl2 thats a bad start to the day! 
It's a bad start to the day when you're sweating your butt off before 0930 at the range 
@donnanorgren: Oh its begun long before this!  
@TMills130 aaawww  no worries fresh start to work on growing it out again
So I really need to put the laptop down &amp; start getting ready for @melancholyjeans shindig...But I've missed my TwitterLoves all day 
@modamouth only thing is that its starting to melt and crack 
@ginatrapani sounds like a great start to the weekend 
skyping with @kellyjo970. sharing my horrible start to the weekend. 
Not happy. I don't appreciate plans being cancelled last minute. And I have a tummy bug  not a good start for the day!
I have a strong urge to eat breakfast....and start my day. However, the lead in my behind is keeping me from moving......LOL  
It's impossible for me to finally realise that my heart'll be broken in two weeks and new start'll begin at Semptember...I just... 
@ThinkReferrals What time does the small biz expo start today?  I have called them 5-6 times, no calls back 
@CatatonicCat it's a disappointing start 
my scapegoat is the late start I got on the day, but I wish there were more time. I wanna ride my bike and play some basketball 
The 300reps workout = that's my way kick start the week at a high point ...it's presntations &amp; financial reports from here...booooo 
Going to get the washing in &amp; start the ironing 
missed the beginning of roveee!!!   
Feels sick...great start to the day. 
how i wish tmr's the start of my term break!! 
@SarahHoste I've been studying and...in about i hour it will be midnight. the start of winter 
gotta start unit 2 'health and disease' soon. i hate this unit! 
vacation off to a bad start 
Is going to go to bed very very soon.... 5.50am start!! 
thinking about tomor and dreading the early start and long drive 
@taylorswift13 unfair,you get 2 see it before me!! lol.  its starts at 7:00 here
missed the start of the hill tho  makes me sad!!
Getting a head start on break down. #MakerFaire is almost over 
At the game! Not such a good start.   http://mypict.me/2ezH
its starting to rain heavily.........  
Catching up on timesheets - exciting start to the week 
now going to unpack from cherish  and start packing for the u.s.a!!  x
Still waiting for a start date on the new job, guess I'll have to ring back at two 
76 days til the start of the new season  What a drag!
@superherojamie well i have friggeenn accounting in the morning  when does music start ? do i come straight from accounting or can i eat ?
Never a good start to my day to wake up and find our cat has passed on... 
6 days before start of classes......argh...soo close 
scrached my eye... not a good start to my day 
@jenshenton well I hope that helped - it was a horrible exam from start to finish and am now worried as a result 
Not the best start of the week for me... 
today just has not been off to a good start 
boo for this start of summer. i need to get out and have fun! where is tawney? 
making a start on the unpacking, it's a horrible feeling! 
sooo scared bout exams next week  better start studying..
start the week as you mean to go on... hungover 
can't sleep thinking to much its starting to make sad 
Just gonna start my shift  booohooo!!!! Only 4 hours so shouldn't complain lol
@Fnoo I was planning on going but my shifts this week start at 5.30am 
ugh, morning's off to a rough start 
i think that i better start cleaning my room :S but i'm so bored that just thinking makes me more bored 
(throws self on floor) i don't want to get up and start the day! 
come on, just start already! 
ASSIGNMENTS  Why the fuck I leave start them the day their due, I don't know.
Not the greatest start to the day ever and it's only 8am... 
@colin_jack I think this is just the start  I really can't see how it's going to get any better
tomorrow might be the start of something new. I WISH 
@Mindrover I've done it until it's in teh green still wont start 
Days no starting out very good 
Why can't school start at half 10. I have been tired all day  I need a lie in somtime!
@wvpiper i know he is in the beginning, but i didn't see him after that. 
cleaning  bad start 4 summer break. im not diggin it at all.
Off to a terrible start so far...  I hope tonight goes better. (ilykris)  &lt;3 I'll love you with every beat of my heart. {2.25.09} &lt;3
The bugger is not playing and I lost my starting points!!! 
I feel pretty lousy. I may be done for the day already, despite a ridiculously late start. 
is home alone and sick! what a great start to the weekend 
Starting off the night on a bad start 
Finally this week is over, gotta start studying for finals tho 
@ClairesBones  Fasting starts and ends when? I may need to join you after my night 
@shaundiviney haha i thought you did that from the start ;) haha i think i'm officially obsessed with you guys  haha xoxoxo
Not a good start to the day, it's raining and my shower is no go area again. 
I'm still tired  but I think ima start my day now.. Gmorning twiggaas!
Windies faltered away a good start 
off to a great start... since my laptop decided to be a beotch and die on me this morning... 
FUCCKK!! lost my game file for the 3rd time!! now i gotta start all over again?! WTF?! 
Not procrasting for once in my life..getting a head start on moving out the first apartment 
just missed the start of the interview 
about 2 start cleaning but not really motivated 
@CcCatastrophe its beginning to annoy me 
troy has the start of strep throat 
@thezomeister anywhere that'll take me for 3 months, gotta start looking as soon as i get home  i want to do more radio instead
Is having a terrible start to her summer.. 
is not excitied for the 4:30am start 
is going to miss the start of the race 
7am  not my idea of a good start to the day!
Shit missed the start of the F1 
Shreding and throwing away my school books is quite relaxing and sad. I don't think im ready for a new start 
i have now finished my english coursework,, now got to make a start on the rest of it.  xxx
Is missing the minee Klipps crew.. summer '09 has a rough start 
Uhohs... I'm feeling the start of a flare up 
i hate the voderphone advert. off to bed early start tomorroe 
@kkjordan aww  start saving, it works! lol i got mine all by myself 
still didnt start those sketches, guess i should start them now 
spent a productive two days inside cleaning and rearranging the kitchen.  still not done, but I have a good start. I got no reading done 
@nambucom I did a clean reinstall of nambu 1.2.1 client and it crashes on start-up every time  very sad.
@Chorna Wow, glad to hear you still got it after being so late! For me everything was gone already, and i tried only 4 hours after start 
i needa start drivers ed soon  im almost 16 and a half and i havent started shit.
is disappointed of yesung's statement, just when im starting to like him more 
Not even 10 and the computer has already reset itself in the middle of something - this week is not off to a good start 
I'd better start working... I don't want to 
I hate this! You all start tweeting while I'm asleep and when I can tweet you all are sleep... 
having a really bad start to the week!!! 
one quick chai and then off to bed .. early start 4.45am 
not a good start to the day. my anxiety level just shot up. 
is not off to a good start...i forgot my ipod 
20 invited 3 declined so far  not the best start
8:15 and someone already has a shiner. This is not a good start to the day 
Not a good start to the day 
the start of my summer hasn't been the best.. 
im dying of lack of sleep, my weekwnd and now my week start have not been very rest friendly 
Just every starts to go up I get shot right back down!!! when does it all stop!!! 
but the insasne amount of coughing ive been doing since saturday probz isnt helping that  i would get sick at the start of summer lol
I'm glad my weekend is off to a great start... *sarcastic.* 
So I guess when next season start ill be sitting in my floor sits alone 
Ah its starting to rain 
@marky_funkism I don't have ellie either so the whole plan was flawed from the start I guess 
@NYGIANTS32 sorry, its starting to take its toll on me 
tomorrooow hell begins 
I had trouble focusing or syncing at the beginning of the run 
...But maybe this will actually be the start of meaningful democracy in the middle east? Hopefully this isn't all forgotten by next week. 
@ThisismyiQ  i been here scince the start... u never tweet backk 
rebuilding a flattened .psd, not a great start to the day 
stupid english assignment due next week . gotta start soon 
Wow, hard start this morning.... 3 lessons, 3 very low level learners 
I think tonight signals the start of rainy season 
Horrible start to the day; got to work 20 mins late 
Off to a very late start today.  
I'm hoping the next couple weeks can jump start my creativity again 
awwww its starting to rain in castleknock, junior and leaving cert over end of exam weather start of summer of rain   anybody agree??
i'm up since 5:30 to work on my resume all over again.. 
noooo! 6am start soon  better catch some Zzzs
Not off to the best start at poker 
start working now 
@rickyyPancakes I know.  I`ll start now.
hasnt been that greater start to the day 
and with that i say goodnight. must sleep early tonight as early start in the morning 
Morning...let my workday begin 
What a horrible start to summer noone wants to hang with me 
I would get sick at the start of summer 
@selinacarrera i WAS but it stsarted raining and we got a late start  which means we all still have a chance to go...ill let u kno!
heavy traffic  im not even sure if i can make it to the next orientation. great start of the day.
Another day starts.. bt the rains still dnt start.. 
@LuanAngel Your starting to worry me hun... 
Clearly a bad start to the day 
My knee is still killing me - this is not a good start to things 
 car didnt start this morning
from tmr onwards will be another busy weekend. I need to stop going out &amp; start doing whatever I should be doing! 
@Lafondaforever had a late start today so workout  What about you?
Waiting to fail my first exam at 2  I just want these to be over and done with &amp; start fresh!
off to work again. im tired  I work 9 to 6 tommorow and then jonas weekend begins!
why am i perpetually sleepy..   maybe i should stop eating so much for lunch. that'd be a good start.
I swear i just drove through the start of a tornado 
got disconnected of xbox live 1 vs 100 after having more than 30,000  at start  
missed the start of loose women  so I dunno if you could see me
Over slept and potentially made my hunny late  ahhh! Not a good start :/
Getting a later start than i wanted 
today is off to a oddish start 
and let the hunger pains begin 
my driving starts at EIGHT A.M. 
@michellexhannah needs to come back on and start a chat 
@sweetjamielee  well this isn't a good start to your mini vaca.  
@kiptripsyc dear sonic: start doing deliveries. 
bad start of the day. 
@finding_jay: I know. You had a very early start and late finish.  [fetches slippers]
arghhh!, i hate arguments so much  they make me all fustrated especially when you no you're wrong, and its the start of the day fgs!
@charmbracelet85 when are you going?  pleeeeeeeeeease start blogging again? pretty please? 
not the best start for the Lions - best get back to the baking 
So I'm sitting here on the info desk in departures thinking this day really hasn't got off to the best start 
Is tired from beginning to run again 
Early night I think. 8am start 
@alliecosmeticsx i have one on my ankle  its the start of summer..
btw, today is the official start of winter! and it raining up the hill 
i had 8 teeth out start of the year... i feel her pain  urgh
@jphressh yeaah! too bad i fell asleep during the beginning &amp; woke up at 6! haha  i really wanted to watch it too
There was no new moon trailer at the start 
start of summer and it's raining 
@boxman well played. Sounds like you made damn good time. I keep hitting queues  really wanted 6:30 start but they gave us 7:30
Oh noes, not a good start to the day 
Attempting to get up and start packing for this conference I have to be at on a couple of hours booo 
i'm a nervous wreck!!! my hands r shaking that's how bad it is... what a great start to summer! 
Sims wont start. 
day is not off to a great start.  praying it gets better!
My day has been off to a rocky start 
@chrisbharrison i hope jilli starts choosing better. she's annoying me now! 
@Dickwitch at least you've made a bloody start to it  lol
@ArsenalSarah gauge out my eyeballs with a rusty spoon would be a good start 
@forgiverofone i dont know it wouldnt start 
@unklar sure ship them on up -- mine won't be ready for another 7 weeks .... slow start -- late frost 
starts learning now...again 
Another day, another upgrade. This one is getting off to a slow start though - still backing up! I was here 2.5 hrs ago. . .  
not a good start to drawing day when I can't find my pencil case 
How do i do a resume 
Getting an early start, once again. 
it's raining outside...seems like a very &quot;good&quot; start of the summer holidays 2009   
What a shitty start to my day...just what I needed-- 
@ChronoHawk  what a great start.
time to go to bed, have work tomorrow.  damn early start!
@mabeswife why do you have a crappy start to your day? 
Car wont start. 
boarding the plane, not off to a good start 
has just had a bit of good news - what a wonderful start to the day 
@megelder it has to be done one day, so I better start early 
@RealHatter  I am expecting him to get his waffle board out and start jumping up and down.I wonder what she thinks of his extra leg lol 
@PrettyFontaine Pretty much, good start to the day! 
@xclawx Almost time for me to make a start coming to get you then 
@kelownagurl k. we were talking about a tweetup at the start 
@jrstlouis I didn't know you were in the starting 11 
@flipgonzo You should write a poem about that, you got a good start 
@ihateblogs man, start using twitpic 
just woke up and have F1 - slept in was meant to see the start - heikki in 7th  i think heard, still half asleep
@maliajonas yer, well idc, because i dont really believe it but i did at the start  x
@kalaspuffar yep, the start has been good so far, heading for my next espresso 
@sandy_faye Aww...hope it's off to a great start!! 
i've got the beginning riff perfect 
@tezero That's a great start - can only get better from there 
is watching the nephew..and will prob start fighting with him in a min..talk to me  lol
17 again tooday.  without the rent's. it's a start.
Preeetty good start of a day, gettingg waxing noow 
@buxtonmarauder Not having a good start to your day are you..big hugs 
@bryantma Not a bad start, but don't forget that my bruiser's a little older than yours; he's already had his education from me 
@redsoda Congrats - looks fabulous! Mentory has been selected for the start-up track, so - auf Wiedersehen  #next09
@SCREWFACE09 hi what time it's start tonight? 
wow i gotta stop being seen and start being hidden! 
@broy this is just the beginning of @mengkia 's stint in producing such great tunes! 
@svensundgaard the beginning is overated! ;) live for the now and go with it! 
getting a head start on summer 
start of a good weekend me thinks 
@seankoerner good start attack 
@SueInge you are so right! When you stop surviving &amp; start living, beautiful things happen! 
I have a lot to do today, so let's start 
@danielspronk haha! well, let's start a revolution! 
@BunJavaCoffee  I will have to see if I can catch it from the start.
is awake - so tired still but gotta get a start on projects!! 
@mamasvan i'm thinking it's a good start 
updating my resume 
@zoopedup Have you noticed that we're at the beginning of what may be the worst recession since the 1930's ? 
I love the start to a fresh new week, 'tis when I am motivated most 
@medscholar08 try #fireflight first... female fronted metal is awesome..  ..  Unbreakable album would be a good start!
@E315 -. ---    .--. -... .-. --- .-.. . --   It would be better to hear that then read it, but it's a start 
@yfeandipoo I'm sooooo excited to see you also love.....let the craziness begin  7 daysssssss YAHOOOO
@nevrothwen thank you! It's sunny outside so that's a good start 
@MysteriousMysti characters...right at the start 
@sniffpetrol you didnt see him load it with vodka prior to the start of the interviews 
catching up on all my overdue tv series.  let's start with heroes.  
start twittering. been busy lately. morning monday 
@lodro what do u want me to do...start banging some pots and pans together? 
going to bed now! i havent read in a while. i better start again its a good time 
Today marks the start of a very busy birthday weekend for me. SO much to do. I love it. 
i really need 2 start revising! :-S   ....think ill go in2 town instead! 
learned the basics of bass Blues lines, I'm gonna start weeping now 
@mommyof2 So start appreciating yourself, realize how kick ass you are, and own the ground you walk on. 
@JonathanHu but still, its a good start 
@pudditatso hings always work out!  I'm broke too lets start a club! 
2 hrs till race start...I can just take my time. The race start is 5 min. from my home, it's nice not rushing and worrying about parking 
@CiaoBella50 haha  unbelievable... and it's not just the beginning of may  So, what are u doing?
@rganguly definitely. it's already off to an epic start 
Anxiously waiting set up and sound check... Only have an hour til start time... I don't like rushing 
@xtoatsmagoatsx Mkay, I shall maybe make a start on it tonight 
What a great start on a new week! 
is thankful for a good start to a great week ahead! 
@tamille really? ill send you in my resume 
Removing all the negative from my life for a fresh start !  prioritize prioritizeeee
as soon as this speech is over...it's the start of a really sweet week 
start to miss my lovely boy. 
@woahslyn i'm doin great. we just went swimming yesterday but now, i'm REALLY bored. haha.  btw, when does your class start?
@NoaErlich do you own that start-up? 
@BuzzEdition It's the smiley with start trek logo  How are you?
and so finals week begins...summer starts at 12:35 on thursday 
start to a new week  positive thoughts, positive energy, good things r happening!
@Londonspirate I'm sure you love'll it if you watch it from the start 
loving this new start  excited for tomorrow's fashion show!
enjoyin the start of my summer break..... and had a very good start  
@DavidMcSherry should we expect to hear a sample of that at the start of a future remix? 
at skl got supply let the tweeting begin  x
@webholics say ping as soon as U R ready for pre #fucamp 
@carlmayer @johncmayer You have just made the start of my day so much more interesting than it would have been. 
@FionaGratzer  bone dry! I barely escaped it,it was just beginning to drizzle on me.fab start to a 'summer' eh!
about to head out to college  start @ 2 and finish around 4! then i get a week off 
@janisuhoshi icic, so how is she doing? both of you should go study together &amp; kick start as soon as possible! 
@cartoonfox work out a foolproof approach to creating a hyperproductive team given any random start point? 
HOLY SMOKES! Yay, that's a good start 
@davegray but i suppose it's a start 
@RayleneOrnelas hah smart i'm start sayinn that 
@ShelLovesCheese Exactly! Next time you eat....start over 
i would love to go to sleep right now. but luckily, its a late start tomorrow. so looking foward to sleep in 
@fahimakhter  might we start the A to Z dictionary on that
@johngoldsby thanks  Even with the time difference, this is an early start for you, no?
@TonyMast And once you get rich and famous, I can say, I knew him from the start and I helped with the pressure. 
@ceggs Yes, today is the start of a sustained sunny period! 
not mine before any says anthing - can't beat a 1pm start and a bit of sunshine to help the ale go down 
@HWhitters very strong start 
