Most common words for this cluster:
[('still', 253), ('day', 12), ('today', 11), ('amp', 11), ('night', 11), ('work', 10), ('hours', 10), ('im', 10), ('home', 9), ('days', 8), ('sick', 8), ('lol', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'STILL', 0.9985787272453308), (u'BUT', 0.7907167673110962), (u'ALREADY', 0.7860820293426514), (u'FREAKING', 0.7608045935630798), (u'AGAIN', 0.7554392218589783), (u'ACTUALLY', 0.7480776906013489), (u'SO_MUCH', 0.7458831667900085), (u'FUCKING', 0.7426980137825012), (u'HE_DID_NOT', 0.7368192672729492), (u'ABSOLUTELY', 0.730847179889679)]





Reila woke me up around 3:30AM and I STILL haven't gone back to bed because she's asleep on me 
very bored, and this womans son STILL isn't picking up the phone or arriving to pick her up, bless ! 
the harpies are STILL upstairs cackling away...go home and leave me in peace, please!! 
has just noticed that day is breaking, and I've STILL nt worked out how to sucessfully get sounds to run in VB.  I fail 
Feels like crap...and it STILL transcribing 
should be on a beach in Lanzarote but thanks to glasgow giving me food poisoning is stuck at home   STILL gutted!!
@tsiganochka lmfao my russian died. STILL: come backkk to meeeee  man, I'm taking this way too hard.
Wow, sent an email to @internode yesterday with my questions about signing up, and they STILL haven't got back to me 
eye's are stinging from sweat still. STILL. 
Worse again though... STILL no word back from @poetryireland regarding my pat cat Macaroni poem, does it not rhyme or something, jeez 
12 hours sleep last night and I'm STILL tired now, am on sofa nodding off when I should be doing other things 
@kezhound @maximkovalenko I'm 35 and seriously balding, look many years older than I am, and STILL can't get a beer without a hassle.  
This STILL makes me shudder  http://tinyurl.com/5f993o
Also should head down to Brizzle, should really make the effort, head STILL hurts from fri excess 
recruiting a drama partner  I STILL NEED ONE MORE!  this is so hard. arg.
IS STILL AWAKE!!!! oh dear 
Katie is recovering....STILL! oh voice where for art thou?  http://tinyurl.com/cq7cd9
WHY AM I STILL AWAKE 
I am STILL working on my paper. I have one page left. 
Ugh. My whole family woke up late and I'm STILL soooo tired. I want to in back to bed so much. 
@pcfhjeff  sorry about the cymbal...you're STILL in boston?!
Is disappointed. 12 hours and STILL not online  I'm getting withdrawal symptoms here.
going to sleep... STILL feel like shitt 
Just woke up from a nap on @bigogotswag couch HOWEVER, he is STILL knocked out..snoring and the whole nine.  so much for hanging out 2nite
that dude from #startrek is hawwt! and STILL didnt watch #x-men! 
is STILL avoiding doing shoot prep sheets. And looking for something hot to drink. Screw you winter! I want summer back 
@DenyceLawton I STILL don't know wut dat means 
WHY AM I STILL AWAKE??  And I have to get up in 45 minutes... Ughhhdklajnxdkwlkfjfb.
wading through reviews and spec of TVs STILL!! anyone would think I`m buying a space rocket 
3 packets of crisps, 1 ham roll and 2 yoghurts later, im STILL hungry 
@girlwithfringe has the anaesthetic STILL not worn off? i feel so sorry for you  -hugsforchuu-
In the library, revising, STILL sleep deprived, it just wouldn't come to me last night 
's STILL practising for the function today 
wow, my sites STILL not working. 
@smegatron don't have a fro.... tho my hair IS evil and thick and STILL don't have a tshirthell shirt  but i'll take the $47 4 my birthday
I'm wearing TWO pair of socks and my feet are STILL cold.  It is too cold out here in the middle of nowhere, in the woods.
 its 8 o clock and my parents STILL are not home  they ditched me i think  how depressing lol
okayy so like an hour ago my mum asked ifi wanteda roll and sausage i STILL havent got it 
SUMMERFEEELING BUT IT'S STILL UNFAAAAIR 
I just finished making Lola's 1st birthday invitation.  She's going to be 1 soon!!! WOW!!!!!!! I STILL can't believe it!
ok, considering its cold enough for me to wear a sweatshirt and STILL be chilly, i guess i wont be laying out today.  cali in 6 days!&lt;3
done with wes' live and now im STILL cleaning my room can't sleep til all these clothes are off my bed  please entertain me
wowwww im STILL awake 
I have a bad feeling I'm going to get to the dentist, they are going to take one listen to how awful I STILL sound, and send me home. 
Is wondering why i am STILL finding blue paint in my hair 
@SashaKane no 1 hurt... mom &amp; dad passed away sevrl years ago... but i STILL call it... called it MOMS house  http://twitpic.com/60w1m
@lebron229 @PinWii @Niceplayer @Daprankstar @ladymaryann @iMmopukCP STILL feeling sick no updates in the day 
Power is STILL out! I'm afraid that my milk and frozen foods I just bought will go bad. 
11:05p &amp; C is STILL awake! Not only does this drive me nuts 2night, but now she will be a BEAR 2 wake in the a.m. &amp; drive me crazy then 2 
i have three hours to do my hair. and it STILL won't be straight 
i totally need to go to the doctor for my arm...this bitch is STILL hurtin like hell      i shall return
@RikaReek my vehicle is STILL being worked on which means I won't get it bak until tuesday! I miss my baby 
I want it to be summer. NOW. why is it sprinkling STILL!?!? 
It's STILL not working!! Why not!! This is FRUSTRATING!!! 
@BillyScallywag There's loads of highly qualified stuff  and loads STILL using snail mail.
at work STILL. Always love coming home from vacation to over a 1,000 emails (mostly from work people). Ridiculous 
fell over on my knee yesterday....it hurts! STILL!!! 
and I STILL have a headache 
@lostris83 Wish I could be there tho! STILL waiting for Dirk   
hmmm.. @jolly_fella 's already following me.. but my 'follow' request on @mulder8scully5 is STILL pending.... 
@DonnieWahlberg gah!!! STILL twitterberry?!?!  hunnnnnnn why arent u listening to us????? We need you more interactive on here!
soo tired, what a day &amp; its STILL to warm  g'night 
@MissKsyn U STILL AINT FOLLOWIN ME 
I love when you're talking to like 5 diferent people nd they all fall sleep nd you're STILL not tired..fml 
@hardisty YOU STILL HAVENT RSVPED! 
my fingers STILL hurt! 
@rhomany Nope STILL not working 
Another heavily intoxicated late saturday night = a really painful sunday morning @ work... looks like I STILL haven't learned my lesson 
@robertkmaurer i was up at 9, lol STILL too early 
my accomplishment of rationality and reason: my mom thinks it was the biggest mistake of my life and STILL won't drop it, how frustrating 
@PinkyBoo2 YAAAAAAY!!! but this now means we cant have a facebook relationship like last time  this makes me bittersweet. BUT STILL HAPPY!
@lizawhitten Actually looks like we STILL don't have your car 
I went to bed extra early yesterday and I'm STILL super sleepy 
@HeatherShorter ugh. We had that happen a couple yes ago. We're STILL cleaning stuff.  sorry you have to deal with that
I woke up at 6AM and was still 6 minutes late to work... stupid freaking miserable hair (that STILL didn't curl right). And I'm hungry 
@CylonBetty285 LOL... I STILL havent seen star trek!!  I wonder if I should go today....
@westbrookx Well, that's true. I guess its more like a summer vacation. STILL! 
@snickers1015 Awww, I'm sorry. I had a cold/flu a while back and the cough is STILL lingering.  Sucks.
Breeding for some Mudkips...Three boxes full and STILL not a good one. 
@Krizanovich awww don't cry  I STILL miss your column in Sky magazine
Just remembered that I posted this earlier: http://twitter.com/iMcFly/status/1994248391 - and I STILL ended up bumping into a prostitute. 
@DeadpanAlley I'm STILL working tonight, I'd give anything to be creating instead 
Anyone else STILL having issues uploading new background photo?  I am stuck with plain pink now.  
Seriously??? I fell asleep like before 9 last night and I am STILL tired... 
@HomeBizLiz  just FYI, I changed my twitter button because it STILL wasn't working. I liked my old one better 
@bsidemama i STILL haven't gotten my cupcake update yet.  
My left shoulder is STILL bothering me  Folks, remember to put suncream on!
@midori33 oh I know  so ucky looking out but STILL warm so I'm wearing shorts hehe
@springlamb good grief!  STILL not whereever it is you're planning on ending up.  Jeeeeshhhh... Long day 
Booo, my jeans are STILL wet from this morning 
my brain is FRIED after writing 4 papers in 5 hrs. [bout to grab some dinner w/ my ABC &amp; have some laughs] STILL missn my boobie though 
Erg i am STILL at work 
is STILL listening to @RivaR0625's playlist, i would listen to my profile songg but i can't go on 
i cant believe BET is STILL on the blink here tonight....this is the only i put my tv on it 
@Sugarwilla Awww, your babies..always with a blanket. So cute! They would love it here, STILL 91 degrees upstairs, fans doing nothin. 
@donlcastor I was at the hollywood fitness tonight don don!!!!!! and I STILL did not see you 
@AshelyMonroe no one special  theres kids that like me here but... no... not my type. STILL LOOKING...
why are jack johnson and boyz ii men STILL heartbreaking 
I woke up, and I am STILL tired. I'm glad that I went to bed early. 
GM TWITT TWITTS...UUUUUGGGGGGHHHH I'M STILL TIRED 
doing my JRP.. STILL 
@nicolewilson and i'm STILL super tired. 
*sulking* my WoW server, Feathermoon, is STILL not available. two days now 
@ChattiiCathii Where? I am STILL LOOKING 
Pissed off that Sony has continued to release software that isn't compatible with my computer.  I STILL can't download from their store. 
@amelie_bee I missed it, did you?  I refreshed that dang page all morning, and then I STILL missed it!!!  No free lip balm for me. 
@MrsLMac can you FWD me the info on that KNOTB tour thing? The wife STILL has yet to see them 
@ilovesweat i think my cat cursed me cause the last dream I had was of giant salmon slabs. Just had cereal, and I'm STILL starving! 
Oh! Also, I want to give you guys an update on my video camera. So far, not so good. It's STILL broken 
So exhausted from the long day but STILL up doing laundry and then I have to pack. I miss him already  this is gonna be a long 10 days.
Worked out so hard last night every inch of my body STILL hurts 
Studying makes me feel like a fail child...  http://bit.ly/JRuAh  But this video STILL makes me laugh.
@designchic damn its STILL hurting? damn get better 
SUCCESS! I PEED! a lil... BUT STILL!! I peed! fuck I feel bloated from all of this water. 
About to go to the doctors  my finger STILL hurts so bad
@llamakevin hmm, not a thing, too cloudy, but we STILL haven't had any rain, obviously hanging on for the open gardens tomorrow, boo 
@FlissTee Have got various columns going on in tweetdeck and STILL miss tweets! 
Pissed off that Sony has continued to release software that isn't compatible with my computer. I STILL can't download from their store. 
@RussellDevon drunk    seriouslyyy...  im STILL drunk
Funny thing about days off...I'm STILL the first one out of bed in the morning 
not feeling to hot today annnnnnnd my eye is STILL twitching. 
Is eating cold pizza...and STILL having internet problems 
14 hours until my exam and I STILL haven't started learning the stuff.... *ninja* I want smilies on this thing!! 
@WereWolf_Embry is jake STILL on patrol? 
Walmart STILL doesn't have @mitchelmusso 's album... im gettin really ticked ! i want it 
don't have to go to school or work (til 4) &amp; I STILL wake up early! 
Is STILL at work 
i need to stop getting sicko. you're not supposed to go to the doctor three times and STILL be sick. 
@knwubbena awww your eye IS STILL bothering you?  sorry sunshine!
Sand is STILL coming out my phone 
Klaire just ate delicious pea and ham soup and is unfortunatly doing her biology asiingment......STILL 
@beatbutcha yeah man you will.I use logic,two years and I'm STILL learning.gotta work today though so no beats till later 
Has now applied for no less than 6 jobs in less than a week, and STILL NO INTERVIEW. 
@misslailah i thawt i wud b able 2 but my boss is STILL sittin here. he usualy takes off erly on days like these  now i hav 2 wait
@serenaaa_x AND alex pettyfer STILL hasn't accepted 
is STILL @ work. This is just crap, guess i wasted electricity ironing my uniform 
@WeSupportNiley TeenChoiceAward wont let me vote!!  i've tried lyk 1997-1970 and they STILL wont let me in??
well i dont think that went very wll  ...STILL JOBLESS!!!
@southernperfect why aren't you following me anymore!  -- ha, I'm sure it was an accident, but STILL!!! ..loveyou!
@KPappsmear I'm unemployed and I STILL don't qualify. 
found an awesome NKOTB card for dina's bday... dinner with her tomorrow. i am STILL working today. going on nearly 12 hours. 
@lis4692 I registered for cloth and I STILL got a ton of sposies.  I registered for BG &amp; only got one.  #clothdiapers
@vlad_dracul Omg, are you STILL sick??? 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  I'M STILL WOKE   
So tired, its unbelievable but ive STILL got assignments to be working on ! 
I just finished a book, and I STILL can't sleep 
is sad @overheardatmoo because her moo cards are STILL being printed and probably wont arrive before friday 
@NickHexum I skipped red rocks for chicago  those fans stunk, throwing shoes and bottles, and you STILL tore it up!!
@majornelson What about us guys who couldn't play for 16 Mos. and STILL can't play today? 
#IranElection - I don't wanna see this happen in my country.  If you're STILL not aware of what's happening, WTH is wrong with you.
6am and STILL can't sleep....i just wanna go home 
Dropped client couple weeks ago and it STILL bothers me!!!!! 
Where is my 3.0? STILL waiting 
@toxicast nope, its 4am, and i'm STILL waiting, damn iPhone update 
Just been informed that the iPhone 3G S release is software only  STILL WAITING for the new phone to be released!
@_annella I'm STILL upset about it (which is what I was going to add to that post before my clumsy hand smashed 'enter') 
yea?? What do you mean?? Lol!! I STILL havent finished my homework  
bored .. finished ICT work nd mi arm STILL hurts 
@freddurst 5 days since that set at download and my head is STILL hurting, at least the bleedings stopped now 
@cack3tt 3.0 STILL not available  Where the chuff is it? Where is my cut and paste?
@nairobiqueen got a new suit! But breasts are STILL an issue  They seriously need to make swimsuit tops for the &quot;blessed w/ breasts!&quot; lol
@jamie_grandison so am i jamie  my album STILL hasn't come, that stupid damn post office. seriously this isn't funny now!
@SaraSteel I downloaded the update elsewhere but now iTunes activation server is done so STILL no update. I give up for today 
just got home and STILL have hw  @Goodtimearegone im soo glad your backkkk
is bored...bored bored bored bored bored and is STILL doing referencing! where is distraction when you want it? 
You gotta be kidding me...  Frys is STILL not shipping my order, after FOUR FREAKING DAYS!!!  I'll never buy anything there again 
Yes,  25 minutes ago we assembled to record, yet we're STILL not recording... Frawlz.  
confused... we STILL HAVE to pay money for the upgrade even if we got the iphone 3g already?  AT&amp;T your a straight up ho.
omg so bored!! somebody entertain me im listening to music on myspace and twitter and im STILL bored! 
my voice is so croaky STILL. i need a drink 
I can already see the skies getting brighter and I STILL cant sleep 
ok so i'm off from both jobs today [yaaay!!] but i guess my body doesn't kno that !!  WHY hav i been up since 7 &amp;nd STILL up ?!
Wow, I'm finally back home....but it totally wasn't worth losing sleep.  Not to mention that I'm STILL sick.
definitely ordering lunch in today...this weather sucks. STILL 
bit her lip a few days ago and it's STILL swolen and sore 
@RealMattLucas STILL too far away 
it's the kind of week where someone going to the ER is STILL not the most dire crisis of the day.  i hope she's ok. here's to the weekend.
Has been tidying for 6 hours and STILL is nowhere near finished 
off to grocery.  STILL havent finished the laundry or started packing 
coming home for a 30 minute nap pre-gym and then sleeping for 3 hours = not a good sign. and i'm STILL tired. wtf 
my mom STILL isnt home and its 10pm and im freaking out!!! someone plz comfort me  
tony is STILL at work. *sigh* i dont like it much when he is on call 
TheHitList chat room is STILL crashed. looks like we cant talkk 2 SS 2nite after all 
I am STILL UP!!!  Just finished packing.  I have no idea how I am going to drag that bag around... contemplating if I should do my nails.
@MeredithRowlen awwww i STILL love puffie!!!!  they're growing up sooo fast.
@AlSharpTongue I STILL haven't seen hangover 
And i STILL want my mommy.. I told her n she said she didnt want me..  lol
ugh, i had a fatty headache last night  AND I'M STILL SICK! wtfuckkkk??? -_-
Just spent a while at the gym sweating boatloads and STILL feel like crap. Darn. 
Doing thank you notes. Ugh!! I graduated 2 weeks ago and they're STILL not done. 
@LaNeeKe def STILL at work  I didn't even get a chance to cash my check ;(
On my way 2 the beach...I'm STILL not bikini ready 
Clicked 'submit' for my application at areallygoodejob.com at the stroke of midnight (the deadline)... and it STILL hasn't uploaded. 
Ugh, dude, I'm STILL peeling from the sunburn, I am never going to the beach again! 
is STILL studying  but listening to Pink so all is right with the world... for now!
@EccentricEmily_ and you STILL havent replied. 
way pissed off about not getting the job. STILL unemployed 
When I went to bed 3 hours ago I didn't quite think it was possible to STILL be trying to sleep now. 
15 hours since myself &amp; 6 people I know got the new iPhone and it's STILL not activated.. Com'on Apple and AT&amp;T.. get your act together! 
@barrysaunders   I'm STILL waiting for mine.  Spent around $200 on pre-paid wireless thus far.
my macbeths are STILL dirty 
@xCJM like 6.00.   luara is a lazy shit. i just phoned her house. she's STILL in bed. |:
Also, I cannot find my capris. Or white tank top.  is too hot to wear jeans in car all day &amp; STILL have nothing for my dad for fathers day
Gahhhh, why does my tummy STILL hurt  anyway, going to the bank today and then online shopping? mmmmm.
wotnews is STILL BROKEN  - email alerts are being sent out - but can't access articles 
ok. @tweetdeck STILL not working even after uninstalling 
We are STILL not on the road 
can somebody please send me an invite for thefashionspot? STILL not a member 
ooowy ..my toungue STILL hurts .. not to self, don't bite tongue anymore. 
Phone just woke me from 2 hour nap I had crashed into, but I'm STILL exhausted.  I think I'm playing catch-up from week!  
Just walked the dog... and it's STILL raining... it has been all day and I really don't like it 
I just got my own digi-camera 2 weeks ago and i STILL dont know how to put stuff online  tom. ill figure it out
It is STILL raining.   I have to go out and inpsect the slug damage to the garden later  
I've STILL got the worries 
air show was surprisingly awesome yesterday!! except i did get bitten by a dog and STILL smell of TCP 
@nottyhopper Your STILL sick!!- i think u gave it to me...sniffle sniffle cough cough 
UGH, the silverfish is STILL THERE.  I think I'm going to attack it with my vacuum  #squarespace
Dear immune system, you can wake up anytime. Sicky sick...STILL.  this is getting redonk.
is STILL praying for rain!  The crops are burning up. 
@evarushpenny @fearcake  ya, after saturday night..i ain't doin drag on wednesday...my feet STILL hurt  and it's fuckin hot!
@stashdrawer IT'S STILL SAD.  but then again, they're millionaires so it won't be that hard for the kids to survive lmao
@repmilwaukee414 hes a junior, but STILL 
30 minutes to go for the first phone, Perez is STILL trending and we aren't??  (via @trackle) #trackle
man my abs are STILL hurtn  hopefully they a bit better before I hit the gym up @ 7
I'M STILL sick. I'm a lil better but stuffy nose and scratchy throat.  @babygyrlxxi is being stingy w/ the meds. ~$kittle$~
I just drove my dog around, walked around with him like a toddler, brought him outside, fed him, and he's STILL crying, he's sick 
STILL awake. STILL nobody to talk to 
Morning all I'm STILL not well and v fed up. cold has gone but you don't want to know what I've got now 
@petraklimesova grrr i STILL haven't been there 
how do you remove followers from your actual followers list? blocked them but they ARE STILL THERE 
and i'm STILL tired after last night's sleep 
I just have to point out it's been like 12 hours since I hurt my foot and it STILL pains 
@ItsMeMaven I'd ask if you want to do lunch, but Verizon STILL isn't here and I don't know how long they'll take.  
WHY AM I STILL HERE 
okay, my ipod has been synced. FINALLY. so happy now.     anywho. painting brothers house STILL tomorrow. then relaxing.  
@selenagomez I was in a REALLY bad mood earlier, but then Wizards came on and I couldn't stop laughing/smiling - STILL can't. So thanks!! 
@stephanielovee hahaha...hey it was worth a try!!! well If you're not gonna make me 1 of those, then u STILL owe me coldstone!!! 
so yeah... im going to sleep... i guess Diablo 2 got the better of my time tonight, lol... I STILL love that game 
@inJenious You're STILL on leave. Unbelievable 
hahahah im STILL laughing!  thanks chris &lt;3
@SuziDK no reason to not STILL enjoy his tweets... he still does... 
think I should go to bed now,feelin super sick STILL! =( send me positive energy to help me feel better k!  night night twitterland! xoxo
it's 10.55 and i'm STILL AWAKE 
@casssidyblog I know!  I went to Chili's and the 'hostess' walked 3 feet also - I STILL tipped $3!  HAHA!  
@agent_22 ok so I'm having a complete insomniac moment. It's 6am(almost) and I'm STILL awake. I hate when I can't stop thinking!  mornin!
is STILL sick. But still loves revenge and the possibility of more revenge to come 
Having a good day. STILL working on the psych assignment, but it's nearly done. Then the celebrations begin! 
Awesomeness is being able to chat with Tarn whilst I work and STILL getting stuff done! 
still going through my believers never die pictures....and videos...and STILL listening to the playlist   i miss it so much
Braden's first lilac day parade and he's STILL giggling! What a great day! 
I am STILL in a good mood from saturday. 
@iLikefatkids BUT STILL?! 
It cool off i hope it doesnt get to hot agian  im cleaning up and i STILL hate twitter
