Most common words for this cluster:
[('still', 1078), ('like', 187), ('today', 79), ('day', 74), ('time', 68), ('work', 64), ('i', 59), ('quot', 50), ('lol', 50), ('night', 45), ('amp', 43), ('home', 42)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Still', 0.9121018648147583), (u'Yet', 0.7064357399940491), (u'Like', 0.6602575778961182), (u'But', 0.6444641351699829), (u'And', 0.6426066160202026), (u'Sure', 0.6416858434677124), (u'Nonetheless', 0.6266831755638123), (u'Even', 0.6188862323760986), (u'Not', 0.6177449226379395), (u'While', 0.613092839717865)]





Broadband plan 'a massive broken promise' http://tinyurl.com/dcuc33 via www.diigo.com/~tautao Still waiting for broadband we are 
My mom might have breast cancer won't find out anything for. Like a week I'm so worried! 
Oh, and it's officially my birthday. Happy 23rd birthday to me! *looks around* Yet no one is here to wish it to me  Erik's in bed.
penalty scored at Tynecastle. Still got beat though! 
Slept badly.  Still feel like hell, but maybe not as bad as yesterday.  Why am I /always/ ill when I take time off work? 
Tweet4Today: &quot;Have a limbo party while you are still supple enough to get under that bar&quot; .... Still??? 
@cubedweller Gah - not for me on freeview then  Still - if they brought over the Colbert Report I'd consider switching just to get that.
@virtuallin I actually really like Taub, for some reason. I thought the bromance with Kutner was cute. Still... Kutner. Sigh. 
@ianmack First season yes, descended into creepy teen boy humour in season 2  Still &lt;3 Mulder/Moody though.
Pretty sure everything electrical in my house is slowly dying on me  [Like I have enough money to replace all my stuff!!!]
Headache. Still a little sleepy! I miss ma babyy soo damn much right noww  WAKEE UPP!
Bored of Sims for today  Still thinking of a name for me and Lukes youtube account to post our awesome new vid on  ideas people!!
@angeluserro lol yeah i will be ok. I think my dog just scratched my eye. Like my actual eye ball. Everything is blurry in my right eye 
The new Kate Moss Topshop collection has me gagging for summer. Still wearing winter coat. Still a ways to go yet 
Sick in bed. Googled 'snot'. Still don't understand why it's decided to take up April lodgings in my skull. 
Oops. This stop was not calculated. Still in Tennesse 
@dkingh Glad you still like it! Still want one of my own hahaha, but i don't have the time to make one... 
Bored, woke up too early...   Still got another hour...   
Spent like an hour on MyBrute trying out making different characters (I made 26)... Leveled them up to 2... Still no wolf or good weapon 
@shaneb Tried as hard as I could to stay away from BSG spoilers when I wasn't up to date, and yet it still happened. Still, I apologize. 
Nice morning for our walk. A breeze out of the N., clear skies. Still not done with the taxes. 
Strugling with OSx86 10.5.6. Legendary error &quot;Still waiting for root device&quot; 
The girls are asleep and Im bored watching television. Still havent talked to the boy, but maybe we just need some time apart 
@echopetal hey jason switched my schedule so i have to close tomorrow night.  Still up to do something just after 11.  Sorry 
@KimKardashian Kim!! That's so bad for your skin..  The sun is a lot stronger in Mexico... it can turn any skin red. Still beautiful tho
Stephen staying home today, since I-70 is closed to the mountains... no skiing  Still a happy day! http://ff.im/2czt4
Stuck at curledge when i just quite frankly want to go home. Still in a bad mood  xx
@DonnieWahlberg I tried to watch the Celts 4 u, I really did, but I just hate basketball.  lol    Sorry!  Still luv u!!!
Omg neva usin the bathroom on the bus eva again that dangerous ass thing tried 2 kill me! Still tryna recover 
@sebastianbach I wish I could. North Ontario here.. Still cold as hell 
@butterfly562 Thanks Charmaine. How was the interviews?? Still none for me yet 
Soooo hungover. Still. Horrible night last night 
oh, AZ, I'm so sorry   Still, many more chances to get it...
@nerdybirdie Oh ho ho! And what kind of nerd would you like me to be? Still doesn't work for me, btw. 
Thank L I saw a movie that brought be up a bit.  Still not great though 
Sigh. Still no freaking Internet- this time at our hotel. I didn't really need to send any work emails this week anyway. 
Sushi was awesome as usual. More expensive than I remember it though  Still nice to get out.
I cleaned the CPU fan, and the back of my power supply. Lots of dust. Don't have a system fan at all. Still loud. 
In the battle between Woman and wild ivy in the garden today, the ivy won. Still no herb garden manifesting just yet 
@triplejdools oh SNAP i thought you said that coz they lost!   Still got 5/8 for my tips tho 
great BBQ, lots of love, finally some sleep, hopefully doing some good work today, college tomorrow  Still pretty stressed out..
Okay. Time for some breakfast and more studying. I can do this! Still no internet 
Back in college tomorrow  Still, this is the last 5 weeks, so once my imminent deadlines are done, it should be ok.
@Tracy_Austin It's bad, but expected news. It won't come as a surprise. Still makes me sad. 
Heavy rains in Rome. Still stuck inside with a cold 
Can't sleep. Still dark out. Getting up anyway. Tweeting in mini sentences. Josh Rouse songs stuck in head. None of them are on my ipod. 
Welcome to Illinois!!! Still raining 
My thumbs are sore  Ouchies, i forgot how painful playing games was  Still, rock on. Take a break and get back to it i say 
Take a look at the Webcam in El Campello. Still raining ...  ... #campello #alicante #costadelsol #spain http://tinyurl.com/btcdoh
@yenyad I'm not. Like you I am frustrated, but not surprised.  
Crap. 2 Dutchies in the leading group of 3 and the russian wins  Still, Gesink en Kroon did al great job in today's AGR
Wow. Still Sleepy and back to work tomorrow boo 
Lj is timing out when I try and reach the site... Yet lj status says all is good! And the link to get to support. Tries to take you to lj 
ANOTHER beautiful day outside and I'm stuck inside.  Still writing essays. Went outside to sunshine 4 a few minutes --&gt; motivation's back!
Car back from mechanic. Still broken. Fudge... 
Hangin with B Kobs today! Still kind of mad tho  textt
says 90 min is up. Still 0-0. Riley should have given that Penalty!  http://plurk.com/p/p18q3
Someone's burning something nearby. It smells amazing. Like when you blow out a candle or a match. I'm weird. 
Spotted Cow is over  Still debating whether it was the dozen times racing through the obstacle course or Boxing why i feel like bloodyhell
they played Augustana @ the marriott last night. I Still Ain't Over You. perfect way to start the night. @rickysansmelee me neither 
@amandabonanza That's what I felt too. Like nahulugan ako ng something hard.  &gt;&lt;
Back in work after 10 days. Im glad! Hate being ill especially with the sun shining! Still at about 70% though 
@architectmark sure is! What not 1 bit of kit? Mask, Fins and suit surely! BSAC got us to pay up and look big!   I Still go snorkeling.
@JRDaffParade Fortunately, I got some sleep.  My mom called me right before my normal rise and shine time. Still no pictures. 
@alaksir Of course, if you wish that . Still wasn't able to post that pic  How are you today? I'm BUSY!! LOL!
@druschmidtperki Damn, I thought a new phone would help! Still can't get it to work as it should 
Just woke up at 10am. Felt sooo good to slept in!! Yay! Still missing boston 
Guess ill be twittering from my Blackberry ! Still no luck w/ d Pc frm work 
Bought bubbly water instead of plain one. Should have known those bubbles are on the label for a reason. Still fail at Finnish 
Good morning. Waiting on the bus with Alex, then off to shower and go get duct work for the air conditioner. Still sick 
@only_the_best KInda lonely. Like freinds wise, no one is on campus 
bought Portal:Still Alive for myself for my b-day. LOTS of fun, but stuck on puzzle 14 again like last time. 
Seems I only have time to twitter when it's late! Still waiting for hubby to get home from work. Gotta love the 16 hour day,poor baby 
@suziperry work on Saturdays is poo. I had to be in my work at 6:30 to meet an escalator repair dude. Still waiting. 
Watching Underworld 2.... Still got pink eye.   
@kathi77 yeah I just read his updates. Noticed we werent mentioned. Yet again! Aaarrgghhhhhh so frustrating!! 
Is sat Outside mcdonalds waiting for dale's mum. Its too early 
Nargis One Year Anniversary.  Still haunts me as nightmare
Exam in an hour.. Still not in mood to study  God save me
Am off to have haircut! Still no chicken eggs this morning 
@takkie13 How about you send some of that sun around the mountain to Claremont? Still winter over here 
Am not at A1 GP this weekend  hand Still damaged from bike crash. Still never mind new bike now gleaming after wash, big rideout monday
@alexattwittur Still not sure... And then another fail- After restarting, got a &quot;no boot filename received&quot; msg. Epic fail. 
{???} Strange! Like an auto-timer is set inside, how the tolerance is decided remains unknown. But next ??? isn't reached, I struggle 
@OregonMJW Yes 2 regular tweets. Still concerned about privacy the poor dear. Hope it works out. He apologized. 
@lipstickscars Yay for Watchmen pins!  Still no word on a tent location around here!   You haven't found it by chance?
Eating grilled cheese sandwich. Still no GOOD green chile to put in it  i'm looking at you @YeniTrinh
@MarieLuv U Still love me Ms Love?    I hope my question didnt upset you. I apologize.
@MandyMartin Still having problems?  Let me know if you need to vent.
Proud of my productivity today. Still so much to do....no end in sight 
@deanhunt   Dean Hunt (deanhunt) on Twitter doesn't follow you @deanhunt Thanks for the report. Still have a lot to learn  but learnin ...
Mite be prego I have a doctors appt. Wed to check.Like things couldnt get any worse 
Frustrated with my inability to load a picture  sadness http://myloc.me/rUm
Heading off for Kasauli (finally) in a short while. Still have to pack and I didn't even have breakfast today  #Famished
Still at work. Sober now. Still twoddle bollocks 
Up bright and early for the MS Walk. Still have a migraine 
Back on with the clinical laboratory sciences...i hate microbiology  Still...had a good morning at church and yummy brunch ^__^
Back on with the clinical laboratory sciences...i hate microbiology  Still...had a good morning at church and .. http://tinyurl.com/cyzvfa
Is fixin to get up and ready to go to Odessa to spend to with the family! Still alittle under the weather 
Stupid ancient oven my soap is taking forever to gel. Still missing my bunny 
Off to work. Still looking for a prom dress with exactly 1 week left till prom  Oh snap!
Enjoying using Office 2007 - finding it easy to get around, like the Format options! Still haven't found the undo button though 
Best Buy run with the little man was fun. Had McD's for lunch of course. Still didn't find a likable BB Storm case though 
About to play NBA2K9 online... Still winless   http://twitpic.com/4j1nx
Should be in the bed b/c I gotta get up and go to the airport tomorrow morning and get IMPACT!!  Still haven't heard from Meredith 
Mornin'. Still tired after prom on friday! 
Aaaand JK.  Keeps dropping out and resetting itself at random... Still troubleshooting at ~3AM 
All in all an epic weekend. Still exhausted and my legs are about to fall off, but brilliant fun all the same. Except for a tick bite 
@beckaroon43 have you found anything off the LEN? Like what they've gone thru in the meeting we had. i can't 
My CookAnoop playlist is heaven *sigh* Still avoiding Cook's song &quot;Permanent&quot;..it's just too devastating..in a good way  
@daverunner I've turned the GPS off, stopped the auto pause, &amp; did the reset. Still not sleeping 
@ChristyDH Ooo shoes!Might call on you there!Still dont know what I'm wearing..THE dress was size smaller than I am 
Working with Audience Targeting in #Sharepoint.  Still not working as expected.  Technically, not working at all. 
@Silveysurfer they also removed the family photos &amp; story from the menu.  I loved that part! Still WAY better than Knoxville Italian.
Planned day of Revision did not go well. Still awake, my duvet is warm on both sides 
Watching Bride Wars!! Still feel crappy 
@Chipper_Monkey Still watching Twitter online, by the way  How was I a dork? Haha.
Beyond exhaustion  work at 9am
@Emi_xoxo Yeah I suppose thats the important thing. Still not a good time for you to be worrying 
Might go to the wakepark for some #wakeskate action today. Wonder if my wetsuit is still wet. Still have to clean bathroom though 
Captain's Log: 5am- Still awake... 
Back from W'bool. Still sick with a cold 
@Fashion_iLIKE Not that much. But i am..Like at the momment am signed in..and no trace of u. So when am on..u not..and when u on..am not 
New blog post . Still off bike.  Producing a training plan. http://700x23.wordpress.com
To Where You Are - The saddest song ever  Still thinking about you, every day RIP
Another bad Delta experience. Get ur sh*t together!!! Still @ the airport 
That was quite tough in the end. Glad to be sitting down now. Still no beer on offer 
Frustrated from shopping  wanted a new top but kind I want are all built for ppl of a different shape... ?
@excaliburca Yes, I saw it... almost went IMAX but was sold out   Still have some beefs with plot, but will see it again...
JLS Sounded amazin on Radio 1 yesterday !!!  x Cheered me up after the football  !! Still 3 more games Celtic its not over yet !!
Learning to drive this summer! Still a year and a half away from my license though 
AWE JOAN! You just lost it for me in the last scene hun  Emotional defensiveness over quiet realization. Still wishing you luck!
@drwave Yeah, that's what I read earlier! Still have yet to find a DVD from the second, fixed set though. 
So exhausted.  Frustrated with work, church, friends, just about everything.  It's wearing me out so fast.   I need a vacation
@MissTattoo all the hot older ones are. Like ryan reynolds 
Been over at chatterboxs for the last couple days...man he really saves the day...Still missing out on everything tho 
and @benikrama are going to GNTM Finale 2009 &gt;&gt; http://bit.ly/O9n9d. Still a lot of work needs to be done... 
Kitty seems to be getting worse. Eyes very heavy all day. Not very active. Still not eating on her own. We are both very sad. 
@ShropshirePixie Still no sun here Pixie   Will send some if it appears lol!!!
Damnit, L. Baum.  I'm the great-great-grandchild of the children who first read The Master Key.  Still no electrical flying machines. 
Whew! Whatta day. Still stressed of thinking Davids' concert. 
Guess what Guys..? Still Bord 
had enough of WF analysis now. I need physical...! Still following #SAPPHIRE09 with intrigue so keep tweeting everyone! Wish I was there 
Back to work!   Still sick though!  Booooo!
@iamfauxpas All gigs this weekend have been cancelled, so it may be temporary or shut for good. Still trying to find out. BOO. 
- @iamfauxpas All gigs this weekend have been cancelled, so it may be temporary or shut for good. Still trying to find out. BOO. 
@Jemz_Jellybean Like what? 
I am jealous. Like really really REALLY painfully ugly jealous. Like wanna-punch-you-in-the-face-so-you're-not-prettier-than-me jealous. 
@ last found sort of widget for my iGoogle  Twittah Still suxs 4 real 
@geenathelatina Buenos Dias!  Still no pic?   Did you give up?
@PETERWAKEMJR Like that futurama episode. 
@LowesElite100 hey hey sry I'm not here all the time, watching COPS right now! Still @ my sisters house 
Hit the wall hard getting home. Asleep @ 8 pm. Just woke to check on my bag. Still didn't show up. 
Up early to continue migration from dead server. Still no joy on the dns issue  Dog walked. Is it time for a cuppa?
@Cheeviee I spelled it slightly wrong Research &amp; Data Analysis... Still Zzzzzzzzzzz.... 
Mood hasn't changed much. Still feel like a fat, ugly, useless writer. 
@RedCherryLips Kirks dad and son of Odin!  I'm psyched for the movie.  Still need to see Trek, though 
Finally going to sleep. Dang homework. Still not done. 
@pellev According to the doc and the x-rays: yes. My company car is most likely wrecked, but it has protected me. Still - I'll miss it 
Awake now. Slept until 1 - must have needed the sleep. Still not 100% recovered from this aids I have yet. 
2 fails tomorrow. Lord help me. Still can't speak, I can only get out a whisper 
@someofmywork yeah, I read it after I watched it. Still feel the same though.  Going to do some more digging - damn you Lost!
@jordanhowell Tried that. Still nothing. Just closes  - even deleted the app and downloaded it again but nothing.
Gravity in E71 makes me love E71 and stay with it until iphone 3.0. Still waiting for Nokia's app store. Too late 
its cold today. Was so nice yesterday. Still tryin to get baby kitty to eat... 
@yiuy Parkchester was great! We have to clean a bit more and do laundry but it's all good. Still procrastinating the work sample   You?
At my mates house again playing on the wii. Just fed Dante before he went to his grandad's. Still want a kid. 
Sad I missed church today.... Still feeling icky... 
just had a yummy breakfast in the afternoon...gotta get ready for work soon   Still disturbed ab Nip/Tuck...that ending was intense!!!
Wanting a garden! Instead we have planted two little window boxes with Mint and other herbs. Still nowhere to BBQ though 
My feet hurt already!OMG,it hurts to be fashionable!Still have a whole day to wear these shoes 
@aparajuli won't be getting your iMac today. Still backing up, sorry 
@gplama I've been pushing for this in XC for a while, and I've written some detailed documents and software to handle it. Still... 
Tink!! Still Feeling ill  but have meeting in Town so get a lie in would have preferred a whole day off
@BirdGuides Excellent! Still looking for mine as the GSW have been visiting my feeders for the past days, but proving elusive sofar 
Don't know who's place it is next to me when I sleep but, god pleas let me find him soon. Still miss Bill and feels like he could call. 
Start my work at 2pm. Still not got my monitor 
Adium 1.4 to include twitter &amp; IRC ~ Still no video support 
Adium 1.4 to include twitter &amp; IRC : http://bit.ly/Y7R4 ~ Still no video support 
I got sent home from School. Nearly Fainted in R.E  I felt so ill  I Still Do  X
I'm working.. Like a dog 
Awake. Still tired. Stupid medication. 
Scrap that, looks like it was just being slow (*reeeaaallllyyy* slow). Still no 2010 though 
back at work after 10 days of moving...  Still no Interwebs at the new house though, so my websites are still dark... 
Move done finally - boxes everywhere  Internet up - sort of. Still have to get range extender setup today. 1st work, then more unpacking.
Er i keep feeling so sick in the mornings. Still don't right now like hours later 
Finished! 10 Minutes early! Go home and chill for a bit, got another Loooong day tomorrow  Still Home time!! Wahay! 
It's 10:55... Still no computer... My iPhone battery is going to die. 
@kiddshow &lt;sigh&gt; another day , Still didnt get my corn comment on the air   (kiddlive live &gt; http://ustre.am/2FUW)
@Pink Still want to meet you and get ur autograph tattooed!! PLEASE allow me the privlige of letting this happen  
Actually that's AUD $550.  Still way outside my budget 
Ethan (the other) walked into the UCLA Store today. I was trapped behind the counter so I couldn't say hi.  -- Still, pretty cool
Wrestled with my water heater most of the day but accomplished nothing more than frustration... Still no hot water 
@Patheos and let religious folks get &quot;married&quot; Still, if straights get it I deserve the same rights.  Cali queer here still not married. 
one of my brace thingies broke off! Like the gluey part 
Mmmmm... Still not done 
**Sigh** well I'm officially out of a job now. Bleeding recession. Still, more time to work on my script I suppose. Bah to lack of cash 
Awww man, just woke up after being in bed since 8pm last night and I still feel rough. Still have a bit of Flu circulating around me 
@JonCalvert Still in pieces, I feel like an old man. I was doing so well too  Have to spend the full day on my back (Insert joke here)
Mum is back from hospital. Still has a lot of pain 
The mboch used up all my hot water cleaning dishes, clothes and floors. Still Coca Cola Brrrrrrrrrrrrrr from that cold shower 
I wish the Jonas Brothers would come to Finland but they wont  Still love them &lt; 33
twitter is still the ONLY thing that the internet is fully loading. No facebook or DA messages.  Still hurting... my body hurrrtts T_T
@CatherineDay Sad face  Still, getting it repierced should be fun, scar tissue an' all.... ouch :S
Damn. Still have colds and cough 
@Lupatria Boo. Still got a week of work 
@sarah21210 Thank you, dear. Still under the whether. I'm starting to think I have mono or I'm severely allergic to something.  How are u?
@JouJou329 lmaaoo! He don't even perform it like that.  that's my shizzyy! Wooot! Memories to that song! Like... Lemme stop! LOL!
Good morning everyone! Still wet here in Orlando... 
It's FRIDAY! 3 day weekend. No El Paso   No bucks   Getting into a groove here at Tek, I think. Still tons to do though.
@Mommykins41 oh  that's sad! Like @Kattasstic said, they are planted happiness!
Didn't go away in the end. Still feel bit shitty 
* I Am Sooo Tired Still* 
Looking out at the stream outside my house. Still raining, and  I suspect it will be still too coloured for #flyfishing tomorrow. Oh well 
Woo Hoo just finished the client project I was working on. Now we can get on the road!!!! Still gonna have to work this wkend 
I'm actually loving the playoffs! Still sad the Suns aren't in them 
@wendiegoneferal Still sick?  I hope you feel better. Holla if you need anything *hugs*
@friendofdorothy I'm sorry about today   Still will hope to see you some time soon.  Hugs to you!
Home from a very tiring day! Agh...what am I gonna do about my situation! Still stuck on brandy - piano man! Paint all over me! 
I have done something horrible to my hand. Hard to grip items, sore, swollen. Still have more tiling to do. 
I need Twitter classes. Still can't direct mail all my friends, just some. Darn. 
Not sure how this group thing works. Nonetheless, drink. more. riesling. Bought stacks of it last 24 hours. both  and  #riesling
Days 81&amp;82!My little buddy keeps screamimg.I hope and pray we have not had a setback.Still no outward seizures.He seems so frustrated. 
@cremebruleecart ARGH! Still stuck at work. How badly I wanted some. 
Rainman wants to follow me.  His updates looked like the black board in the professors home &quot;Earth Stood Still&quot;. 
Had strong coffee. Still sleepy. Ugh! 
has that sick, nervous feeling in her stomach that won't go away. Like butterflies, but the bad kind. And today of all days... joy 
@maternitytees Aww  Onward and upwards now, yay! Still sad to leave I bet.
Off to bed!! Still exhausted from Vegas 
Back on track with the transcription process. Still can't stop my lappy overheating, though 
@karess I do feel bad for him too. Especially na ngayon pa siya nagrerehab siya and all. Wrong timing. Still, maybe he had it coming 
Have been rolling on the bed for the past 2 hours ... Still unable to sleep 
Dubai!!! Still trying to settle down  
Nightmares last night so bad I slept curled tightly in a ball. Sore all over. Took three aspirin. Still hurts. 
Woke up early! Still sick 
10 25 Am Still waiting on the doc to come and break my water. 
@TheHyra u beat urself up a lot.  stop, please? Just do it! Like Nike. LOL
Ugh - car got stolen sometime between yesterday evening and this morning when husband was due to go to work  Like we can afford this???
@BiGVixXen Like double posting on twitter?  ;)  lol.  Not me, I don't take anything.  
@JohnAmussen @amadril @1txsage1957 @Vickie09 #followfriday thank you so much. I'm so behind. Still at about half of what I had. 
No kickboxing classes today  pretty bummed. Still going to work out hard. http://myloc.me/1ZT0
I so hate riding the bus. 1) It's a damn sauna in the summer! 2) Like could it kill the guy a few seats up to shower once a month??    
@nkotblorib Thanks girl!!!!! Like I said, I'm willing to take a loss on them...just don't want to see them wasted 
@BonDean Sad thing is that I wanted to work there for years, it was my dream job. Was crushed when I saw how crappy it was. Still bitter 
Doctor's appointment at 4:30 because my blood pressure is high. Really?! Already?! 
Rice is ready to eat.Off now to watch Comet 2009!The most important music price in germany.Wow n Lisa arrives around 12p.m.  Still 2 hours
Just getting back into the swing...Still sore from my surgery  and tired...Coffee time!
WFD: Lasagna. Still 45 minutes to go, so hungry now. 
I think the UPS web site hates me now. Still no Brewing supply package.  Held hostage at work by slow UPS delivery 
@Remy_Foster Still not working 
@CameronMonroe_x Hey &quot;Cameron&quot;, I know it was amazing and I have sunburn too  So my mum isn't happy,, . &amp; my throat kills . . Still &lt;3 it
Ever since Orchid quit drinking from a bottle, she's been eating us out of house and home! Holy crap girl! Still not drinking milk though 
@Linebeck Wrong  Besides, you wouldn't even draw for yourself now so giving yourself the &quot;responsibility&quot; to post there wud be better
@kirstiealley After many attempts, I can't figure out how put a pic in the avatar. Tells me pic is too big. Frustrated trying.......sorry 
Tropical Depression 1 heading east. MrSal65 scared this one off   Welcome to start of Hurricane Season '09.  Still looking 4 more FL subs.
Bah! Still at work. Lol my feet hurt and my nose won't stop running! 
@hughsbeautiful Yes yes she is indeed nuts! ... Like me... though i am not rich  Tut x
Battery running out  Still 2 hours until boarding. Double 
@Junbee Still incomplete? Aaaaaah I'm missing this!!! Nooo! I miss you 
is chilling and listening to music. Edmonton tomorrow...for what? family -_- Still have a project to work on as soon as i'm back... 
Did some planting outside today, so tired! Fell asleep while the hub was getting pizza... Still work to do 
@_zak Agreed. Students are much tractable to new tech. Still trying to get acnfp sharing using citeulike or zotero groups. Little success 
@yeahprobably Agreed about the whole #GQMF tweets, I miss them being about actual #GQMF. Like you said, now there forced 
Apperently it ONLY looks good on my laptop  @lahbra is this true?? Like is the fade in the right spots??
@ozdj I haven't gotten that far into the site yet. Still browsing the items. Bummer about the lack of delivery info 
Son went to sleep 2 hours late last night. Still woke up and  got us up at 6am. 
Vista service pack 2 installed perfectly on one lap top, totally failed on second. Why? Taken hours to try to get it back! Still haven't 
I'm successfull. And she supports me. Stoopid drunk.. Hahhahahaa. Still hurtin bc tuwana isn't allycia. 
Staring at Nothing &amp; procrastinating....Still Sad 
@ImagineUniverse Yep! I love the country. It's incredibly beautiful but the dark side is Dark  Still, nowhere is perfect etc.
looking for next ROCK tee-shirt to purchase for my toad as Clash one almost too small  Still, he shall wear it today with pride/shorts!
At home and recovering... Still can't believe she missed out on Steve Aoki the other night! 
@sweetkisses277 Out of time, with Denzel Washington. Pretty good so far. Still got an hour left though 
@adeejayday I miss your too! ( REALLY? :o What do you mean? Like, everyone has one? 
Just had another knock on the door! Shat myself again! Still a bit shakey... think I need company today  It was only the post woman btw
Awoken by phonte, mom calling. I want to sleep longer! Still got a stubborn headache since yesterday. 
is up and ready for a whole day piano teaching in this weather!! Bad times  Still, all money goes towards my Tenerife holiday!
listening to The Audition ... Still awake  need to sleep.
At home and recovering... Still can't believe I missed out on Steve Aoki at 808 at other night! 
At home and recovering... Still can't believe I missed out on Steve Aoki at 808 two nights before! 
@Lauratheexpat Ah, yes, my normal...between 5 &amp; 6am daily. Like early morn as it is so deliciously quiet. Quiet is so undervalued anymore 
Sniff.  Still at the mercy of the evil scourge despite medication and squirts.  Another trip to the doctor is in order 
Working on my Consumer Behavior paper. Should be applying for jobs tho. Still no word from anyone  Boooooooo
@Saint_Loria have fun!  Wish I could go with you!    Still sick!!!
It's gonna be one of those days like last week again.  Like sundials in the shade...useless.
It definitely felt like summer yesterday; it's going to be a LONG one for me!  Still have lots of energy but I'm sure that's about to end 
Sigh. Still 4 more stations till my girlfriend  Or my girlfriend's plane at least.
@Riezz_Bertie hey what's their 4 general name?? I kinda hard to follow. Still confuse.. 
Broke my iPhone last night. Well, kind of. Cracked the screen pretty badly, but the phone still works fine. Still really sucks 
@kellygrimshaw Totally gutted Kels, hope you are Ok! Still in shock 
@VEGAS_702 hey I'm glad you saw it. Very humbling thinking of performing to you guys. Still can't believe Ron is gone 
Soldering adventure was great success. My speakers make noise! Still have to wait a week for the poly finish to quit stinking, though 
Finished 4 Still 7 Chapters 2 study  
Haven't watched Bones in 5 hours so let's watch some Bones ! Still looking for Parker 
Lunch is almost over...  so sad!!! Still jammin though. Now its &quot;love of my life&quot; by the infamous Musiq soulchild.... Love it!!!
Shaun love, should have done another song  Still amazing though!
@JenBower Haha thanks. NOMNOMNOM. Still hungry!  My back is killing. Worrying about maths and media exams on monday :/
Just woke up. Horrible Dreams.   Still sleepyyyy zzzz
New TBS album has been dispatched  Gonna be a few days late though which is bad  Still, can't wait!
I forgot the last time I ever took a bath was. Feels good man. Still feelin' sick though. 
Frustrated that I am now sharing a room with my little sister 
@bjornkri Sorry for the delay on that. Still haven't figured out why you &amp; two others didn't get the e-mail. 
@KnightOnline Well im providing my feedback...Still APR error...nothing changed.  
just attempted to get a snow cone from the ice cream man, he said sorry miss all out    Still no snow cone for Jen
@Luckett13 Still throbbing, eh? (insert dirty-minded giggle here). Sorry to hear that. 
@darkmerrick Yeah, I understood. Still 
Bandage just came off! Looks good! Still laying on the couch!  I've missed out on a lovely day and I miss Curt!   http://twitpic.com/6ajnp
SuBo and PaulPot should have a duet. Still gutted 
Ok, more motivated now, got food, will eat then off to costco.  Still a gray day though 
Spent the whole day looking at Mustangs. Still haven't found the one I wanted. Better luck tomorrow 
@SasaLoves I'm here princess!  Need to try to eat something before I drink. Still having waves of nausea - I should have napped 
Lunch wasnt that great. Mostly mashed potatoes 
@AAirwaves Just realized I made a mistake in booking flights for our honeymoon.  Still 4+ months away. Any chance AA could cut us a break?
Take the A-Train.. Still missing my bed.. 
Excited to watch the first of final three episodes of Pushing Daisies! Still sad, though 
Chunky chicken noodles soup makes the world go round.    Still not a replacement for fucking wings tho 
Pelicans are getting a ass wiping this is not good  Still Martini hung over they are to be night cap from now on!!!
Watching the PGH Penguins game! Still a lot on my mind  Could have used some company...get to see fam tomorrow! 
Mosquitoes must like the taste of my blood... Outside for two seconds and already four bites 
Home and clean. Mostly worn out 
@NewerDeal I know right? I text tweeted you Like an hour ago and still no update 
Long day at Bravo! Still missing Cheesecake.... 
Excited to see a new ep of Pushing Daisies is on tonight!  I've missed that show!  Still bummed that it was canceled.  
@HeyMcFly13 Nothing much. I've been spending most of my time on positive, fun threads. Still nothing from Kristin at the Funny Farm 
Summer kick off with suite freedom tonight? Eh.. Still shaken from that dream 
Frustrated already with download speeds on 256kbps connection... 
@Missred187 i can't make it! Still in Seattle  hoping i can figure out where the afterparty is.....
Best Drama Banquet EVER!!! Still wearing my glow bracelets. I love you guys!...senior check out monday 
Phew, they knocked doug out to pop back in his arm, so he's finally doing a bit better. Still pukin off those damn opiates. Gross 
Finally got my tattoo done today. Still in Longview but feeling lonely and wishing i were at home right now. I miss Colby! 
@denisebovee yes.. Alot! Like alot alot, no action pallet tho 
Sunny but breezy morning.  Still not 100% sure what the ADC ride will be today but hopefully not fast, think I've got a slight cold? 
Where's D.Gray-man? Still on hiatus? 
Finished reading &quot;Seven Ancient Wonders&quot;. Still not feeling better  Wonder what's for dinner 
up!! Toe hurts  going to buy a book today.. Still don't know which one xD
Fought off the shame to ask money from my ninong (tq). Still no salaries up to this time 
I'm up. Still hurting in my tooth hole - in fact kept me awake again.  Tooth above is throbbing as well 
killing time at airport.  flight delayed  Still, free food, free internet and a PS3 to keep steve out of trouble.  Virgin you are awesome
@pepperlive I can't blame LeBron for this disaster but I do blame the lack of star fruit on the mainland...Like yeay fo realz....sad 
@SCMProfessor Still jetlagged.  my body has put me through all kinds of hell this week. Thought I'd be over it by now.
Debating whether to wear a bikini in public for the first time in my whole life! Still can't believe I actually bought one. Body paranoia 
Beyond gutted Maccs has been cancelled tomorrow 
On the way to soccer game... Still sore after last game  ... Using muscles that don't apply to dancers...
I have such a bad sunburn that my mom had to put burn cream on it. Like, the kind they use on burn victims. 
@SaiyoukoSensei Outside would b nice but it's 10pm cold &amp; raining  &amp; is essay due tomorrow &amp; it's already overdue gonna have 2 suck it up
Awake. Still not done with the apartment. Oh, will this move ever be over? 
Yep........Still awake 
@masqueradelife aww  I expected it to be better than it was. Like it wasn't as good as the HM 3D one
@latinbarbie hey babes. Navy is a no since the qualifying scores for med went up. Still in my future just not til I finish my bachelors 
@JThawley Madness drivers left is closed. Can't get there   Still looking around....  I didn't even get dairy queen for my 7th. Have fun!
@crystalchain yeah. Totally. Like I said, livin vicariously &amp; sucks for @vampyran and everybody else. But hope he's okay. 
Done some gardening and enjoyed the sun! Still no tan though! 
actually just realised that D. Simon event doesn't start until 6.30. My bad. Still won't make it, though 
Frustrated and pissed off......two emotions that suck when put together.....  
@GoldyMom about 3 hours away from here. He took a temperary Job there. But only for a week. Still makes me sad that he won't be here. 
@SiriuslySnuffle, maybe not *major* haha but some. Mostly because I miss all the sun cos of work and am a pasty pasty irish woman 
Gotta go put on my face!! Still haven't found glossy 
Banged the shit out of my shin last night. Still a bit limpy.  Think I'll have to not run today. QQ #c25k #g25k
Watching nascar. Jg keeps falling further back. Almost getting lapped. He is getting old!!!  Like me 
thinks that Above&amp;Beyond never fail to disappoint me!  http://plurk.com/p/xgywd
@Ipswich772 Still hasn't come through, think my DM is somehow broken  Can you just @ me instead?
I'm All Chilled and Relaxed, Yet Bored 
@stephsmith there's something wrong with people who do things like that. Like a mental illness or something. It's so sad and unnecessary 
Pooh! Vernon didn't win BTS   Now watching 'Benidorm'. Could life get anymore exciting, LOL. Still gotta take the dog for a walk yet...
back in Windsor. Feet hurt. Still sad about football. augh. give me something to do, people. 
Frustrated why don't people answer there phones 
@JazperAbellera agreeed. Like all the dreams involving massive shopping sprees that I think are real 
Life feels better. Back on the Lexapro. Still cant get my hair done. 
Nap is over. Still no sign of @rlockman. 
Shower then work. Still don't feel too good. lol. 
@juicyash. Its sucks! Like..I went to the hospital..&amp; he didnt even txt I call!! 
 Alone. Not tired. Still alone XD BUGGER
Lied about the rest. Still working. 
@smosh I'm rooting for banana. But it doesn't seem Like it's gonna happen. 
Catching up with work after a week off. Still no riding  BTW I hate public transport
Finally home. Wiped. Still have stuff to do. 
I want to go to irvine already  Still a little paranoid.. Love my dad!
@Saknika Clouds! Like sexy clouds? Not thin, whimpy ones?  I should do smelter IR with water. hrm... Its still light out~
Jim Gaffigan stand-up on Netflix!  Big comfy blankets!  Still no ladies to keep me snuggly and warm!    G'night Twitter.
@hockeygal4ever The Pens beat my Cardiac Canes...  Still sad.
Good morning tweeps! Oh how I hate monday! Still sleepy but I've to pick up my mom at 10am. Hoaaaaahm. 
Had a nice Sunday. Not ready for the work week ahead though. Still having pain, too. 
Ouch! Poor Pedrosa. It's no fun crashing. I knoiw been there done that. Still on regular physio till now   .
@christinaof94 Oooooooh.. just watched it twice. Jacob's got a pretty hot bod, for a 15 yo.. Still bad acting 
I need to be tweeting off verrrry soon. Did not nap today and don't want to be up way late. Still working to get healthier &amp; not sicker 
Just saw Up! in 3D. Amazing! You must see it. Still have the remnants of a sore throat... not from the movie  LOL
Woke up at 7.00 to a very barky Amy. Apparently she was telling off the pigeons in the back garden.  Still need more coffee ...
Damn, woke up after 5 hours of sleep, hotel agreed to late check out, good have been 6 hours  Still am overwhelmed from that great weekend
So today is officially June! Very tired. Still sick. Not really looking forward to class. Can't I take my bed with me? 
@BryanPlumb tell me about it! Hottest day of the year. How things with you? Still not invited me for a roast yet 
@Suviko Still trying to figure T61 out. Just hadn't have the time to do so .. 
2 hours for investigating one TT ticket. 2 lines changed. Still failing to understand why it doesn't work before and work after... 
@wendilynnmakeup LOL at that waffle pic.  The Corn flakes were amusing too.  Still awake and I have a headache 
@chriswhite65 Still yet to see her live  - Played the hell out of Meddle and SOR last year, so eagerly awaiting this release too!
@DylanWrankmore Been check them out. Grizzly bear are appearing all over the music blogs. They're taking over! Yet to hear it tho 
Still worrying about Steve. Still in hospital. I miss him so much. Home not the same. Things will get better...someday.   
@MaverickNY Omg. I just learned how to see replies. So I missed your message.  Still on for dinner?
I'm darn sleepy. Still need to study for Financial Management. Hope I survive. Oh darn! Hate that professor. Still have Calculus. 
http://twitpic.com/6ep7l - Outside ship n mitre, too nice to go in! 
Freud is a funny dude. In the library. Hoping on acing my exam on wednesday! Still sad over Nadal's loss. 
I just cleaned Like my entire first floor at my house! Its lookin good yup! Now time to fix my herr. Lookin like a cat licked it. 
Five days until my birthday! YAY! Still have one more exam first though! BOOO! 
@GraceyMcLoveBoo Still no pic showin GBH! 
Went to the Doctor yesterday...And Asked them if anything was broken...Nope Im Still clear! But if I fall again my arm probably wont heal 
@Peter5tewart I'd be back for &quot;The end&quot; if I could afford it dudey, but I can't. Still unemployed at the moment 
Damn Jacob!! I feel terrible cos he's so young  No blue tint either, that makes me tons better. Still badly casted thou! *hides*
@PaperCakes Yes! Like the voice nagginmg me to fold and hang my laundry 
Kings of trance canceled ( so no Above &amp; Beyond this summer 
Microsofts E3 2009 raw CONTENT was great, but much of the stuff they showed was so gimmicky-tech demo-non gaming related.  Still 2 thumbs^
@ksymmonds I feel pretty pants, I have done all day, but BLEH kinda pants haha. Like I can't be bothered with everything all of a sudden 
Homework, then a nap. Still feeling sick 
@joshtidsbury I know, me too!  Except, the same happens with my voicemail.  Still meaning to call you back 
@MagclTrevr But I'm costing you money!  Still, the quick chat was nice. Maybe I'll call you after 9pm? Is it free then? Miss you darling.
Hurt-Christina Aguilera. Still makes me cry 
@Tsuuicide just got a job at the college. It was like &quot;wham bam thank you ma'am, you're hired.&quot; Schwing. Still no sleep? 
Getting xray of leg where I fell on it 2 weeks ago. Still badly bruised &amp; painful.  @Gulliver212
is restless... Beach, anyone? Just come over and get me. Still phoneless. 
@caligreen Y&amp;R Still overlaps AMC 
Awww...what kind? My German Shephard died about 2 yrs ago &amp; I've been pet-less since. Still miss her. 
Frustrated with my hair; it looked good after the beautician got done with it, then I just had to go and take a shower 
@Violetlilly They've been making horrible choices lately. I am not that into this Bachelorette  Still watch but not my fav
Listening to Garbage. Still feeling icky though. 
Dammit!! That may have been Shea Stadium...poop. Looked like Candlestick...  Still...
Hey twitterverse @boomstone is picking on me! Yet again, he called me FAT and said I couldn't tie my shoes!  Said I couldn't read either!
Restored my lappy to factory settings.  Still can't connect to wireless.  
Thunder storms tonight! Win. Though getting absolutely drenched without notice earlier was not fun 
Bedtime shortly. Still recovering from sevan days of shows. My bed doesn't feel like I belong in it 
@joanneteh hey. Still not too good. Was tossing &amp; turning till 2am. Spasming pain still there.  thanks for asking eh!
Frustrated..  
misses Dougie. Like lots.   Enough for sad face.  But I'm glad I'm home...I love hearing the froggies in the pond and smelling nighttime.
Watching twilight, Still think Slumdog should've gotten an Award 
I swear all my taste in music does is prove my age.  Still struggling with RP concentration issues.  No solo words since Thurs. 
I've lost my photographic inspiration. I hope it's temporary. Mostly it's been due to sadness and a sense of unknowing combined w/fear. 
So tired!  But, it need to my life. But, but!! I want to relax.Ugh..... I was burned out. Still, should be steady.
Another beaut day and I gotta paint  Still caught up in drama...are there any sane sorted lesbians out there? Can I come into your world?
@euan Checked the Activity Monitor, thanks. Nothing there but re-started anyway. Still happening. 
Ugh. Still a bit drunk. Gotta go to bed, wake up hella early &amp; convince a guy w/a full day of free work that he should hire me... 
I need a really good night out. Like seriously/  Who wants to do something thisThursday, or the weekend???
@oliviaturbo I grew up with sisters... And I never was right... I learned my lesson a long time ago  Like mama says, &quot;grin and bear it...&quot;
Ah another glorious day - the last of our Summer I imagine  and again, stuck in an office. Still, have bought lots of ice cream to share
Sad I missed Jay Z show  don't worry J-imma get there! Still rolling to Reasonable Doubt.
@Triptophobia Still, you shouldn't be worrying about your weight. Take it from me: You're not fat. It hurts every time you say you are. 
@_hayles oooh! I got Ponderland off Ebay last week - should be here soon! No NY dvd yet  you SAID it'd be here today, Hays! Still time ..!
Just studied chemistry at @dindanugroho's. Still can't believe I'll miss PCD's show tonight 
Feels Dizzy  ... Still not used to this 'Twitter' yet ...
FITNESS DIARY, DAY 7: Shrunk my rice to 1/3 cup. Still 60-min workout... Yet I don't think it's making any difference. 
@chrikes Aww thats rubbish   Still would prob be tomorrow before they do anything so hopefully will still be sorted. Chin up xx
Sat bored on lunch. Still no data on phone so can't catch up with anyone  &lt;/lonely&gt;
@eddieizzard Glasgow was gorgeous earlier but now starting to cloud over... Still hot though, not good school show set-building weather! 
@MathieuTO Sorry to hear that - me neither - last night I was sleepwalking thru most of the fundraiser. Still woke up today too early. 
Yawn*** work. G'morning everyone! Still feel shitty 
Damn had to take my hair extensions out today, they got to tight  Still need an idea for my next hair cut!
Bored again. Still two hours of the working day to go too 
@tank_tankersley I was really busy yesterday, and I follow so many people that sometimes tweets get lost in the mix.  Like yours, sorry 
A lovely day today and I'm stuck inside doing an essay  no fun. Still, got Spain to look forward to next week. Yay!
#Wiebe Donkey Kong attempt concluded at 923400 SOOOOO close!!  Still better than I'll ever do.
Bit my lip really hard at lunch. Owie! Still hurts. 
Sad that @blueoctoberband tickets get more expensive with each concert..   Still want to go though.. need a concert-date.
@abisignorelli @a5hley Bah! Still at the office! 
Eff. Still feel like ish! BooBrry is sweeping, Mums is having vanitySurgery, Mads is wrking, Bay is in skooly. Best is leaving me 4 a wk 
@fyerkrackr Pod change day tomorrow.  Still nothing on the porch.  
Sorry hon, sure wish I could coz I'm bored myself. Still have some work to do tho 
@SnacksWithYeo 2nd show only knew about yesterday. Will buy tix after buying flights tonight  Still would be easier if it was in Bris 
Conan is ridic. Love him. Still wish i had a big spoon    xoxo
CRAP. Still  miss them.  )
@PokerBrit awww so sorry I missed it. Still working at Rio 
@vvs_stonez it gets stressful when ur asked to not sing dowwwn, that it don't take all that! Like no adlibs, no church harmonies wow! 
As you mightve guess slept in today Still made it to the train on time hence 'MC LUV' Tired now 
I want to adopt a dog from CAA. Problem is my yard isn't really big enough to handle a Labrador/Mastiff X. Even though he's beautiful 
@SilentHitoshura w00t! Pet monkey! Still no demos though 
Soccer training was cancelled, but I still couldn't go to our Pep training. Still sickkk.  Rain rain, go awaaaayyyy.
Feel run down and lousy. Still 3 days of work before weekend  meh
@DeanBarnett Is that the free trial that they were sending out a while ago? Still yet to receive mine 
All good things must come to an edn, even a fun-filled year!!  ... Still we're gna srsly make nexy yr the MOST memorable EVAH!!!
All good things must come to an edn, even a fun-filled year!!  -Still we're gna srsly make nxt yr the MOST memorable EVAH!!! *hopefully?!*
Sitting at school. Waiting to come home. Still sick 
Back and still feeling shattered. Still no cockney... I'm ashamed to say. 
Yep... Still working night shift. It's proving to be an endless job! 
Another 530 am work day/morning.... Still 50 degrees..... Poopy! 
Still no data/GPRS in my area, @O2 customer service confirmed been a problem for last ~60 hours. Still no idea when fixed though. *sobs* 
Cara: feel like i've been away from twitter far to long!! had a lay in so basically just got up!! :L Still really ill...Not good!  x
Quick ride to Zandvoort and back, lots of wind. Still feeling my right ankle 
Frustrated right now... I got this comp out of storage I haven't booted in like 3 years, unfortunately its not trying to boot right now 
im so tired,stressed and frustrated. ! Like, what's happening ?! im crying.. 
@StephieCat Ah no  that's such a waste of your time. Still, at least you don't have to watch Neighbours!
Alright, gonna play The Sims 2 first.  Tweet ya'll later. Still stoked about getting Sims 3 next week! And my new phone. ;)
Urgh. Still feeling queasy and gross this morning    Gonna let things settle down a bit and head into work late.
@missmirjana Me too! I wanted to go badly for years, but of course couldn't. Still CSD in Hamburg is same date as M'era Luna this year 
Stoopid college  Still can't get through on the phone
@theDollHouse @incredibowl seriously? Like, are flip flops and shorts appropriate? -- I'm pretty sure it's shirt-and-tie   freakin lawyers
Bored, bored, bored.  Still doing the old same thing!
@manox_net Yeah but happy for you innit! Still not got a driver 
Had a small freak out before, I'm sorry  Still have some uni stuff to do, but want to watch some L&amp;O:Ci. Bobby Goren FTW, for sure
@Psychic09 Still want it, just giving it extra thought. Damn, I know nothing about hair 
Clicked 'buy' on new Protos!  Still 'packing'... 
@fossiloflife They can always just not do anything, and the news agencies will move on. Like how the JPR issue was dropped all at once! 
@aschernathan Yeah... I suspected that  Used to be an uber-committed blogger until I burned out! Still - I can live with unpopularity ;)
@wonder_nat Sorry I didn't reply earlier   I lost my connection cus I was on my mobile phone and in a bad area.  Still sleepy???
@Draytonmanor In theory Apocalypse should be classed as a vertical coaster, due to the tracks used to transport the cars... Still scary.. 
@ohsnapsjohn I hate it! Like the middle doesn't cook so I eat the corners 
Found my 30SecondsToMars.  It's virtual, but it *will* do.  Still no Muse   Couches &amp; Bellybuttons have nothing on me, for losing stuff
Today was a bit of a distracting day.  Many Fedx and UPS visits.  Still, no Doomsday Key hardcover editions. 
I fixed Catherine's internet.  Sort of.  Still have to get the wifi going for her laptop.  
Amused that all the new kids yummy boys see each other 24 hrs &amp; twitter to each other lol. Still think they should come to Sg 
Found out I can't keep by bike in my cube  Still hoping to store in the large elevator room...worried.
@jackboddy Ha, I know the feeling! :o) Still I've got plenty of DIY to do this weekend ... yay! 
@soBOMB omgggg I know!! Like I don't be wanting to wake up sometimes, but I also got nem dreams where I can't awake  ..
Bought a really cool dress and some other stuff. Still no phone 
@PheasantPhun @TeamHuntress Nice article! Still gotta shoot the wedding... still bummed we're not going 
Started Breaking Dawn. Still don't really know the status of my car, it doesn't look promising. Looks like the bus and bike 4 me again 
@NKOTB Still can't get it  
Going to work. Still feel a bit sickly  !Lo Amo!
@Vonnieee Still feeling bad today? Maybe you should see a doctor.  usually there isn't much they can do about stomach issues though
@Rhinriael I know. Like I said, everything I've been trying to say has been coming out wrong today. 
@mismatchrepair of course I do! But you don't like movies like that? Like Old school? 
Payday!!!  But I just got a student loan reminder   Still miss you...
...TGIF... Still no plans for the weekend  Need to think of something.
Going to Exline's pizza! Still haven't gotten my report card! 
I'm torturing myself by following @dunkindonuts. Still no Dunkin' Donuts in California  I crave a cruller.
@DynamicShock oh  well yeah! Like @iamshellz  said.. they're just all jealous of you!! If they don't like you.. well they just have to -
God, I seriously need real health insurance. Tired of dealing with SF's convoluted mess of a plan. Still don't have my fucking refills. 
@gocharms thanks  she had both breasts removed! Still can't get over it...and she's so sweet. Was an angel to my dad 
Cam home to leave again. Still had Muffins left!! 
Took vicodin. Then puked my guts out for 10 minutes. Still in pain. 
Updated my clickable track info patch for latest Banshee git. Still needs i18n fixes to be commitable 
just saw 'Narnia: Prince Caspian' for the 102,895th time lol. Still brooding over those guys... 
@brittany_gee Can't. Still doing laundry  Damn dryer is slow as LSAT's score return!
@Shari58 Still got the fever 
had an amazing night lat night! Dinner cooked by my man n then a chilled out one! Still got the worry on th back of my mind tho!!  xoxo
just off to see my first Guide Dog pup in training. Still miss her 
Has been Crocheting funky hats, gloves and scarves for the markets for the winter .  Still feel weighed down with blimmin head cold 
I have rebellious eyes, which confound contact lens prescriptions. Frustrated. 
@Archieval Like when you go a restaurant or somethingyou just select  the actions and stuff but only your character will get to go in. 
Rolled ever to chk my email on phone. Still no Internet in new bldg  ... Plan on doin some wrk &amp; s beach today
So it looks a whole weekend spent in-doors  Good opportunity to catch up on my reading. Still reading Outliers by Malcom Gladwell.
Did I need to mention I had this yestersday? I'm not drinking beer at 9am on a Sat. Still debating hiking because risk of thunderstorm. 
@LondonEater Just round the corner to The Blue Mountain Cafe. They were very average  Still, cheap and local I suppose.
 Had to buy a pair of wellies. Still in denial that it's gonna rain at Download.
That didn't even feel like sleeping in! Still tiiired   Oh well, let's get started on the day...I'm thinkin haircut
Still feeling baaaad here... Still under my covers. Wish I was harder 
All kicking off in Majors right now. 60+ in A&amp;E. Still, could be worse  #NHS
Maybe @tunecore just hasn't finished syncing metadata yet.  Still, I wonder if it's a conflict with the CDBaby metadata.  
@HeyMandi Guess you decided to not join the iPhone club  -&gt; Still have the same number?
@dancingin By the way, Have you found something about the video I was looking for? Still can't find it 
Yup, I was right. Early stage ear infection. I got it before the pain kicked in. Still a highly uncomfortable feeling as is. 
wow 8 days ago...and I havent done much  Avon order going in on the 9th! Yay! Still time to get something in...
Exactly 20minutes. They're singing Like You Like It in the theater.  I really feel sad. I want to write a musical now. Lord help me.
@Laconic Nope. Most of them are lactose intolerant. But not all of them, but... yeah. Still! I had to pour it all out 
@kikarose BlogHer is too far away for me  Like a whole massive pond away lol
I feel the warm caress of summer sun on my back and it feels damn good. Still wouldn't mind a tulip or two though #Ottawa 
Good luck.  Still having a tough time with nicotine personally.  Cigarettes are sneaky like a thief in the night.    @trent_reznor
@DavidHender not bad mate. Still stick here in front of this computer on asaturday night  but must be done. Enjoy Edinburgh
Got my mum her post-birthday present. Still waiting to get some food 
@ailish79 I need a new phone. Still sporting my old Razr. 
Now I have to shop around and get the best deal. So off to more garages tomorrow! Still no sign of Kiai the cat 
Just watched HP5.  Was making little jokes all the way through before I realised I was in my room alone.  Still sick 
@hummingbird604  Yes! I have a new ethnicity. that sounds weird. I am now a Latin-Portuguese-Cndian. Still not  catholic. Mom not proud. 
I'm really bored. Like really really really really boorrrreedddd. I wish I had internet on my phone 
I'm at Godfather's w/ Cassidy...YUM!!!! Still not feeling that great 
Just watched Milk for the first time.. What an amazing movie.. Still sad though 
I thought we were gonna get it!  Still proud of our little Cajun man! Good job Calvin &amp; Mine That Bird!
@gds  Excellent. Still working here 
@JamesonLink we miss u too jamie! Like really really bad 
just got back from her cousin's birthday party and is going to his ball game tomorrow. Still job Hunting  but plus is that it's nice out!
@paperclipface She left before I could.  I guess she just got dumped. Like I fucking care about her dating drama.
@blackarazzi  yeah I feel Like a neglected ugly baby lol
Math Still hurts. Yes, i'm still doing the same paper 
@amf7 prolly not  That's okay, if I get desperate I think there is some peach schnapps somewhere. Still a nice IPA would be good
cleaning my dirty house since no one ever does. Still feel like Crap. 
Aww, I was really rooting for the shutout.  Still an absolutely awesome performance by Lester. #redsox
Is the Manila NIN show really seated?  That won't be much fun, will it? Still excited anyway. Haha. Hopefully getting tickets soon.
@royallyme my head is pounding to girl!! Like crucially! I took 4 montrin ib! 
Hello people, Still in crazy ass Florida wit this crazy ass weather   VERY GROUCHY !!!
Comfort food at West 5. Still not comforted over misplaced wallet 
@mikef1182 @erinkortiz how was date night? I'm going to see the hangover tomrow. Still havnt seen Terminator 
Poker sucks today   Always tomorrow....My live trip is looking better everyday.  Still a week to make a big online score
In laws arrived safely just before 2 pm. We had fun playing in the yard, riding bikes, playing wii. Still no sign of our beloved Louie. 
Getting ready to go to the official &quot;last one&quot;   +  Still missing my Tapatio... y sin entender como es eso posible?!
Just typed up a quarter of Chapter 2 for Anonymous... Still have a long way to go 
@opphoto Opps  I did try 2 turn it on It was 2 days ago &amp; I was just leaving 2 go back home So didn't have time 2 dry. Should I Still try?
@RonRainesOnline :  Join the club!  Still don't know what I'm doing on here either.  
has had anxiety for a good part of today. Still feelin' it now even though I'm home from work.  I need to find a new job SOON!!!
has had anxiety for a good part of today. Still feelin' it now even though I'm home from work.  I think I need to find a new job SOON!!!
Finally back home! Still feel sick from what I ate today.  Oh well, I've learned what to do differently next time.
Had a wonderful time watching Bon Iver. Still fighting the dizzy headaches, though.  Glasses time, hoping it helps.
Getting ready to head off for a hopefully victorious game of Dodgeball, up 3-1 so far this season. Still haven't seen the Cobra Kais 
On my way to work. Still really tired. It's raining too... Hate working weekends! 
@PnutOuais Still waiting at my friend's place...  don't think we'll be going...    Let me know next time earlier in advance!
Awake. Bored. Still depressed @mileycyrus isn't coming to Newcastle 
Jester had a settled night. Still in pain, they're going to try him with food in a bit. Won't be coming home till tomorrow though 
Sometimes my sister drives me nuts. Like now. Ow, my arm 
One movie down, one to go. Then nap time. Still sick-ish  Got my hands on some Jacqueline du Pre playing Elgar though *grin*
Folks just called from across the causeway. Need to clean the house, ugh. Still no news about my cellphone  x
such a waste of time. And I want some famous people to follow me! Like that will happen though  x
@PowerTripper Bagal ko pa rin mother  Still can't do two rounds straight 
Back in North Yorkshire. Still sick. Perhaps I am just love sick? Miss you Sean 
@Amandalee55 Tired as hell!! I know I need to update  I might wanna write it first, huh? Was at a wedding yesterday. Still sleepy..LOL
It would appear that, yes, I was unwittingly enticed into another long walk. Ain't moving an inch tomorrow. Still don't have any whisky. 
Enjoying some fresh baked bread whilst cosying up with the xbox and Andy. Still some thunder and lightening outside 
@jovibabeaz  I enjoyed my day at your house!Blew a tire on I 10 driving home  Still small in the scope of life!
In four days, I have had four of my roommates leave before I get to.  Still waiting on that MRI...
@joanie_s_c Cupcake updated itself on to the phone last night so the touchscreen works a bit better.  Still not loving the phone 
Neeeeeeeds to start revising..... Still know NOTHING about women... 
From iPod touch! Awesome. Still not sure hw to put videos!! 
@Lamb_Bella She Still Haven't Accept Me Yet 
Bones crackling nonstop at my back.  Still watching Bride Wars.
@ThisisDavina - one housemate? Hmmph. Still too many. I lose track of them with no red button.  U can sort it!
Find out more about dh's diagnosis on 17th. Still more than a week to go of just not knowing what to think 
Attempt #3 : Still a long way to go 
@hookedonwinter I'm sure I did...  Like I said I owe you a beer.
just realized that one day she is going to get old. Like, old people old. 
lots of things to do and Still have no IDEA how to do them 
break 3 and there are only 90 of us left. Pity im in 62nd  those queens have put me to the sword i think. Still in fighting tho!!
Damn forgot to study Dutch! Still gotta do that now 
Really really sick!! Like I'm on my death bed 
@Winchester_Anon Still. Why all the cheating? It makes me sad 
Lunch at Pikes Market.  Now trying to get phone SIMs for our international friends.  Still haven't seen my bike yet   hopefully its okay.
@PENLDN Like a week ago @antsmoove was getting mad b/c he was being ignored and I'm going through the same thing  lol
SO exhausted! Still need to wash before bed. Coffee is required to fuel such an endeavour, I feel! Then zonk time, with no homily on bed 
@fretless74 1. They cut the back off!  Like it just is a top of the head mohawk.  2. They missed some hair 3. They cut it all crooked 
Trip update: Still haven't moved. I'm watching the local lanes all speed by me 
Long day. Still running on 4 hours of sleep. Sorry we missed @hhlynch and the fam 
@SteveHealy Nope. Still browsing Daft. Sent couple of messages tonight. Better start ringing during the week. Boo 
@PinkPanniez Naw  .....southfield! Like 9 and greenfield
Got wet, stood in line, watch poor leadership, stood in line more, tried to stay dry....... Still waiting  bad Regal
@feliciaday re: kids movies - yeah, they are so traumatising. Still sad over Bridge To Terabithia years on 
@DanHack Oh right two seats. Still bad 
@LovemesomeDDub awesome! what show do you have left? Still in a bit of depression since there are no more NKOTB shows for me this year. 
Just now getting dinner outside ATL. Still ~4 hours away from my brother's house. 
Waiting for driver at lobby. Argh! Still have to go to that village today. 
Yea a 300w. Still won't power my card lul. And it defeats the point to spend more. 
Cousin went in to labor this morning around 10... Still in there  good thoughts please. Ugh 13 hrs now - ick!
@fabulouslorrain Job search is strangely hard this time even w/ my credentials   Still writing pers asst blog in meantime to help others.
@FelixFaust Surviving. Still no Eric job. 
Pushing Daisies: Awesome! Still &quot;A&quot; game material. Fast, fun, and delightful. I will miss Ned and the gang. 
@irisamelia I feel bad for complaining, but debt makes me all panicky and a;lkfjsf-ish.  Still, HUGS to a fellow debt lady.
using Yuen's pc. off to class now. Still writing for episode 1 of the revamp. head is exploding with ideas. oh my tummy is exploding too! 
@FamousKiannaLee lol I'm on the cpu!!! Like a lameo!! And should b at the clubs but to tired  wat my boo doin?!
@Lloyd_YG I wanna meet KB. Still haven't met the new addition 
@TinyMangoWuvver YAY, STAR TREK. Still haven't seen The Hangover, but that's because I'm poor/busy. 
@Monica2112 Still have a cold, or??? Maybe 8 hrs. wasn't enough, especially if you're not well. 
Tired. Hungry. Summer school in the morning. Still single. . . FML. 
Am catching up on #BB10 before I start sorting things out in the house. Still need to unpack the car from camping too 
Barium tastes absolutely befouled. Like drinking two really mouldy cups of Gavescon 
@xlad Aw thnks sweetie. Not until 9pm  Bloody flights, they always land in the evening-only 1 flight per day.Still, he is here for ages! x
Finishing touches on a client site. Lots of jQuery. Still 20+ views need my attention  #cakephp
@nollbit I know how you feel. Like I was saying, Just got a new PC, we are in the first throws love. I know it can't last 
blog design remade again. Main content that is. Still having a hard time figuring out the small details 
Am really hungry but my mouth still hurts too much to eat easily  can't wait to get these stitches out! Still all worth it though
@Internode Still no Rowville  Trying to keep the faith here! ;)
Pass for the step 1 n step 2, n now step 3, goshh... Still have to wait... 
@katiespage Too bad you couldn't come.  Still awesome though! Oh, and I hope the survey works out today, eager to fill it out!
@frozenblueeyes Im up and already on the grind! Still dwelling about the loss last night with all my twitter friends 
@sarahvanbrimmer She's doing better. I'm staying home with her today just to make sure she is OK. Still not herself though 
Panic mode - not passing the pre-test like I should be! I took it one step at a time &amp; when that didn't work, I crammed. Still not good! 
A packet of marshmellow. Oh well its nice. But still, itz unable to make me feel any better. Still down.  - http://tweet.sg
Sigh.  Still pouting about the parade.  This sucks.  
@xRoeLollipopx said: Haha. &quot;Nahipo ka ba?&quot; Still remember who used to said that line?  -Don't remember anymore 
Doctor had to leave--family emergency--before I could get in to see him.  Still in pain, probably pinched nerve.  
Food coma averted. Slept it off on the flight to Dallas. Still tired though 
@MrsMccracken Ahaha. Like wtf was that? You guys were laughing at me 
Woke up at 4 a.m. even after sleeping on the plane, trying to stay awake and purposely staying up until passing out. Still on Italy time 
@WendellCole and wut the hell is &quot;stanky leg&quot; for real for real. Like yo they makin our generation look jacked up.  http://myloc.me/3UCY
auuww!! My tummy hurts  I think I ate to much or sth  help me!! Still studying ICT, getting nowhere fast...pff
@alun_vega Yeh. Still. Looks like it doesn't bode well for certain characters on TW.  Say it ain't so!
Actually @amykate I'm in Ascot branch tuesday through saturday. Should be interesting.... Still V unsure about going to salsa too... 
Lost about 3 pounds in 2 weeks! Still have 5 pounds to go! 
Firehawk: first legit wait today...  Still looking at around half an hour, so it's not bad. Random pic just 'cause. http://mypict.me/3Vah
@andreweastgate  i can't leave the country yet. Still waiting for my dumb ass PR to approve
Oooooh just had a lovely roll of thunder! Still no lightening though  come on storm!!!
@truck1010 What a week! Sorry we missed our lunch date....looking forward to getting out soon.  Still have some atrial fibrillations  
@fErNniii Still didnt find any vamps!  Welcome to twitter!  If youre totally clueless how to use it join the club took me forever
@AileenZ good stuffs.! i kinda Like it when its busy, keeps my mind off of things. dheng, u end work when i start work today. no chills 
2nd round of boxes leaving my house. Still no phone. Think I left it in Emmy's bedroom before her nap 
@wyndwitch must be horrid   Still...wine is a geat helper.  Think of crafty stuff to take your mind off it  xx
Missing friends right now! Like alot! Not in a very chirpy mood either! . 
UGH....Still pissed the hard drive on my HP laptop crashed!!! Lost ALL of my pictures! It was only 3 years old 
I'm on day 8 of the Master Cleanse and 10 pounds lighter! I'm hoping for 5 more lbs before it's all over!  Still no DWYL tickets yet 
@HedonistDick Still pretty expensive   Someday.  Someday.
Dante is Still Missing!!! We also got outbid on the house! 
Napped. Still tired. Have to work tomorrow. 
Umm not sure what's wrong with me.Still not feeling well 
Head. Still. Huuuuurts. AND I get to work late tonight. 
@Gretchen_T I know, right!! Luck i have HP ExtWarranty so haven't had to pay. Still annoying tho. Ur's definately doesn't sound healthy 
@_Dylan_Lewis_ Still hilarious though.  Unfortunately seems like the Nova stream is down right now 
Doesn't understand how i just fell out of bed! Like it isn't big enough! Hurt alot though 
I've been sorely neglecting Camouflage too, so I'm going to sneak one more in from their album last year. Still need the new one... 
Took a shower for the first time in what feels like days. Starting to feel human again. Still have awful headache. 
Baby twins got shots  Still whimpering, poor piglets...
@scraplovers You're just the sweetest.  Still working on those chores, tho.  I do 'em on Mondays since it's a rotten day anyway...ha! ;)
Thundering Outside !!! I miss the monsoon rain... 
No change in Mom's condition.  Still appears critical but stable. 
@e453753 Yeah, they kinda do. Still have tried one, but I'm considering it. I drop my BB a lot 
@Monmorbet You had to change?   I'll have to check out the site.Still loving the idea.
Ugh....Still running around. Off to the grocery store to get food for the shoot tomorrow. I have to be in DC at 5:30 AM 
@blazingliatris Aw you got offline.  Anyway I am working on my gang prof now, it's coming easier than I thought! Still a bit lol tho.
Didn't get to go to the beach  Still had a super fun, drama-less weekend. Who would have guessed!
Job hunting. Still. I am not a fan of this economy 
Thinks She Doesn't Need To Take Naps  Even more Tired Than I Was Before
Just contacted Metro Customer Relations. Still disturbed by the bus that stole a bike &amp; almost killed the owner. Composed, yet defeated 
Tired. Tired. Tired. Tired. I slept last night and even napped. Still tired. Not sure what's going on. 
@allurevibe he's sleeping !! He doesn't attack ! Like you 
Frustrated... with herself  ugh.
DDoS link down now. After fighting off a 340mbps incoming DDoS attack the hard line was cut by the ISP.  Still looking for stable proxies.
Listening the CHESS Mp3s...angry the album version of &quot;talking chess&quot; is edited.    Not that I expected them to keep that in. Still.
@Audrey_O Did that sound all dramatic where you felt sorry for me? LOL. Aww..my poor sign that he never saw.  Still bummed about it! LOL
@Stephiebutton Whoa! Still no sign of kevin voice? 
Its june 16, Still no sign of the Rain, Waiting for rain 
@christay0102 Ah hi o hi ho....tis for work! Two days just north of France.  Still no breakkie on the train tho 
@VivaZappos I'm sorry.  Like I said, we'll have to go out for some karaoke one night &amp; let it all out. I miss my Vivas.
@fruityalexia What's that 'I'm Still Alive' song?  I've got no idea what you mean 
unite.opera.com something to get excited about. Frustrated that it didn't recognise me on a different machine in private mode though. 
Good morning all  Still in bed  with my notebook  lol!!
@yohanik hey! Yeah it's going ok thx, pretty ready for new job. Moving down on 26th. Scary/exciting. Still have lots of uni work, though 
@gaelen_k Lucky you! My full night sleep was turned into a nap  Still feeling slightly drowsy, but thankfully half the day is over already
Hoping for the rain to clear. Thinking some breakfast sounds good. Still have to deal with last nights dishes. 
Damn, I meant afternoon  Still just got up though.
I started 'portupgrade php5-extensions' yesterday on my #FreeBSD box. Still plugging away 
Radisson's back on!    Only because the Hilton is completely booked out. Happy days!  Still hate business trips though 
Beyond confused with this maths 
Good morning! Still no air in the office.  ugh.
Funeral tonight...or, viewing actually.  Still, very depressing 
Doctor today. Not sure they'll remove her tubes. Still filling with a lot of blood. She doesn't want those attached for another week. 
Is on the road, heading thru NM ... gotta make it to Springfield, MO. Still sick  but alive and not feverish.
Got me some absolute euro baby. Still many errands to run though and all I want to do is sleep 
Berlin update: Still using internet cafe, 
Talks abt funerals got me depressed. Already had to attend 2 close one's and they've all affected me deeply. Afraid to think of d future 
Buses with kids: Cedar Point has them today. Must...restrain...urge to kill! Still spoiled after yesterday... 
Good morning, socialites! Still have this crick in my shoulder  But other than that &quot;I'm too blessed to be stressed&quot;!
Moved cows out last night, heading over to our east pasture to check on the girls and babes!  Still no rain!  
@raihanamcfly Ahaha, i'd never wear lotion here. Like you said, i'd sweat it off in an instant. There's no way to fight it. 
So Excedrine only managed to take the edge off my Migraine today. Still fuzzy and out of sorts a bit. Going to be a LONG day I'm afraid. 
@Johnoo Ah. Thanks. Still need to include non Spotify links in #sotd posts then 
@cup_a_tea The foot is really bad. Like the worst it's ever been. I can barely walk right now. 
@salandpepper Problem is the connection at ASDA isn't great so it cuts in and out.  Still, better than nothing I guess.
Booo...Sunshine went away before I could enjoy it   Still gonna enjoy the day!!
@mexiana_76  Can you try something else? Like teach privately at home or..
Just woke up. Shower then soupp. Still alittle sick  text mee.
Just a week left on Connection for another year, always a sad time  Still, got a fantastic re-entrance to EE to focus on for now xx
Just found out my temporary internet access for the next 3 months has a 10GB limit.  Still, no contract to worry about, but still... ARGH 
Wow I can't stand Morons. Still workin on gettin the drop off w Adriel straightened out tonight. Yuck I wanted to go shopping 1st. 
Need to do my IT homework, but really cba -_-     Still no comments on the new song 
@JohnnyHorror30 nah. I have no Blu Ray player  Still might pick up the game this week though
Grrr now I remember y work sucks LOL. Still happy to b here &amp; super hungry 
I need to get ready for work soon. Still kinda bummed that I missed Nate at McDonalds. 
Watching CSI with katie and lindsey. Still sick 
Totally love the N97. Still in love with my N95. Am poor. Nokia, gimme one! 
cant wait to see @taylorswift13 @therealpickler and (my two faves) on the CMT awards!!!!!! Still sad i can't get ticks for the concert! 
cant wait to see @taylorswift13 and @therealpickler (my two faves) on the CMT awards!!!!!! Still sad i can't get ticks for the concert! 
@nomes2 I know, it's like the brain knows EXACTLY how to torture you! Still no $$ 
@maryxalicexhale Nothing 'happened' really.... Like nothing. 
http://twitpic.com/7l0pl - Experimenting with my shorter hair. Still not used to it 
@Wordlove we need to hang soon! Like asap, imy 
is sick  Still have to work but. Townsville next w/e!!
Done practicing. Still missing camp. 
@MissHQ didn't see one in the app store  I've bounced back &amp; forth between twirl &amp; TD. Like the group feature of TD &amp; simplicity of twirl
@miamendez U know I am.... Like always... 
Well, last night it was thunder and tonight it's gunshots...or explosions.  Still scared.  
Left the camera in a taxi last night!   Still trying to get it back &amp; hoping it'll turn up. Keep your fingers crossed!
@iveeanne Hangin' in there. Gave notice today, but they counter-offered. Still think I'm gonna bail. Not worth the headache &amp; crap pay. 
@R33S aww poor A.D.D. guy  can't investigate fraud and be a spaz at the same time. Hasn't he heard of multi-tasking? Like tweeting @ work!
@Meg_Andruschak What?! Still no baby?  I hope s/he comes before you have to leave. OR waits until you get back. haha! Excited for tom!!
Feel like I'm going to drop from exhaustion. Grocery shopping with my mom nearly killed me. Still need to put groceries away and showerm 
Ok enough already bc today has taken everything I have &amp; I need a break.. Still looking @ houses  sooo ready to move
Checking the public timeline, plenty of people are downloading OS 3.0... How? Still isn't available for me. 
Checking the public timeline, plenty of people are downloading OS 3.0... How? Still isn't available for me.  http://bit.ly/58pal
@KarenD37 I've been staring down iTunes and checking every few. Still no update on my side 
Another scrub. Beyond heartbroken. 
Twitterific is fixed yas! Still buggy tho 
@jamesfk Some of us haven't gone to sleep yet. ;) 12:45am PST here. Still at least 5 hours till they unleash that beast... maybe 9. 
@casibee88  yeah that's why I feel so bad. I feel helpless. Like I should know what to do but I don't even know what to say to him.
Baby doing better today. Still sick though 
Reading some regular waarbenjij.nu's. So wanna go to Sweden now! Still have to wait a month 
I'm feeling pretty sick  Like vomit kinda sick  I should probably go home but meh.
Look: http://tinyurl.com/kvlhgy I wrote some words. And took some photos. For TLOBF. Still haven't used the word 'sophomore' 
I wanna go to Tartu, but my mom won't let me -.-' Like whyyyyyyy???? 
@roystern09 http://bit.ly/e0ahe      - Out of Stock Still !!!!!!
@martinmchendry At least you get ANY form of net access.When I worked for HMRC I had none  Still, that was then. Now I control net access.
@SuperDad_08 Morning! Still saying 2.2.1 is the latest 
@chibimoon the web pages for Australia say that it will be released on the 18th  Still no update here 
@wilperry what's PTO? Good luck with the move. We'd help - but it's a bit of a trek. Still no iPhone 3.0 update 
Damn it. I can't wear my black slacks and white shirt, hence, have to give Transformers a pass.  Still, to @avrilchan for the invites.
@RickHarwood hello stranger! You had any luck gift shopping? Still no sign of playpen .... Grrr 
@dzgraphicdesign I am sooooo jealous. Wish I was launching mine tomorrow. Need 2 clear the decks of client work. Still wking now 
Mornin Twitterbugs.  Apple really knows how to make us wait.  Still no upgrade for the 3.0 
HOLIDAY!!!!! I'm just like and excited child. Still have over a week left here. And dreaming of planes leaving without me is not nice!! 
I'm home! Still sooo jet lagged, because of stupid UA man messing up our connecting flight, so had to fly through London too 
@ComputerArts I just got a lot of twitter action! Thanks to your competition! Ha. Odd. PS&gt; Still don't receive my subscription myself 
And waiting.. Still waiting.. Looks like were last 
@RIMarkable Still hasn't have Storm support... 
@martinvovk Doh! Fail  Still, you have an iPhone. That is good.
@StraightUp09 I just knew about her when I listened Dance Like There's No Tomorrow... Like I said it's very difficult to know about her 
@sjhilbel it's slick for sure.  Soo fast.  Still crashes like all apps though 
Soaking wet and in a bad mood stil  Still LOTR is the plan for the afternoon.
@teefury Not seeing it. The Facebook preview? looked all up and down your body.... of your web page  Still nvr got shrt U snt. BURROWISH 
@AsamAhmad Like toothpaste 
Discovered that the scary banging noise upstairs was caused by my housemate leaving her window open. Still no one around. 
Ack, thats only for iPhone 3GS doh! Still waiting for the 3G firmware. 
Boooooo! Still on the runway... An hour later  I need to get home people!
Christopher Nolan Has Still Not Signed For Batman 3  
@pugdaddy Yeah she tells me that too. Still sucks the big one though 
@michaelfarris What more can we do to help?  Already contacted my congressman, Dem, not interested in helping. 
@jeromevill @raizarevilla: Haha. Still don't get it though...  HAHAHA. Slow ko ba.
Argh. Still can't find my phone. Not cool. 
is recovering from the last week...back to class AND work today &amp; it stinks!  Last night was BEYOND amazing! ;) Still seems like a dream!
I think I've opened the app store app more times today than in the entire year it's existed. Still no Beejive update. 
@JoAnneJoyM Thanks I was getting worried. Still isn't working right. 
Just woke up. Still tired. Missed the first half of Days 
@Just_Spiffy Alright I guess. Still sucks. 
Frustrated cause I can't get my 3.0 update to download 
@Richstone12345 thanks chem!! And the update is out, but I think it was overrated. Still no picture texts!!! 
@chantalclaret Isn't it hard fostering dogs though? Like, getting attached to them and then having to give them away..? 
Frustrated. Doc sees some calcium deposits in my leg. Another month of inactivity.  #fb
@childlikemuffin yeah. Still couldnt escape college though. Dunno when exactly it's finishin 
Got it! Still having trouble uploading my new albums though and we has no apple store in York 
Headig to Isaac's. Still no 3.0  Also, #squarespace.
@lalahhathaway Sorrry Love...Still no haps on the DM...  Damn twitter.
@bjblyth tell me about it @thomasmike had his done in about 15 mins &amp; mine's got less on it than his. Still no joy with OmniFocus either 
Updated my iPhone...... Still no picture messaging  AT&amp;T said it won't be available until late summer. False advertising.
I waited n was stressing for this shit??? Still the fuckin Same if you ask me.. &amp;&amp; NO MMS 
Baby loves some chocolate heath cream pie! But hes killin my ribs  Still Going
App store is finally working. Still waiting on my pwnage tool though 
@gailbrand How are you Gail? Still suffering from jetlag I read. 
Headache slowly getting worse. wth day is over, should be better.  Still thinking of heading downtown or for a run...in the crazy heat.
having fun with the conversations feature in @TweetDeck. Still mad I lost all my groups with the update.  It will take forever to redo 
Listening to new Suicide Silence. It's not what I thought it would be  Still good thou
Around the house! Still Sick 
@Dirt_Diver Still haven't fixed it? 
@rowdeezy227 ugh!  Still downloading.  Maybe it's my connection. 
homework, yoga, shower, sleep, class = my life...  Patiently awaiting my b-day in 18 days...
Scratch that.  Got the audio working for flash videos.  Still down two laptops though. 
Feeling bad. Could not swing hooking up with Mistress-kind of a last minute opportunity. Still, miss the moments I get to share with her. 
Really, really bored! Still haven't got the JB album yet. 
I got a lot of stuff done this afternoon! Still need to go to Wal-mart tho.  
Wilson tennis courts are packed! Still waiting for a court. 
Damn... Long spoil the laptop and leaving me with nothing.. Still got to go and get it repaired 
@SolangeNoir Like if someone who didn't like them complained about the smallest thing, that might have done it. You really have no clue? 
@LessaT Hi... if fish is good brain food, I better eat a whale.  Still worn out. 
. @lostkiwi @markmancao I do have 3G. BT symbol is on. Still no workie. 
Game was okay, we lost, and I hurt really bad. Like almost broke my wrist hurt 
Felicia won a presidental award!!!! Couldn't be a prouder auntie. Still coughing, still sneezing. 
@bigemrg: Trust me, it's a fluke. Nothing I usual do happens that quick. Damn Plusnet ! Still can't recieve MMS messages though 
Stoopid work. Still got another 3 hours to go 
Looking for a Uni course is proving to be the biggest bitch of my life! Still don't know what I want to do  Ahh I'm so clueless &gt;.&lt;&quot;
Well good morning to you all!! On my way to school and bored already! Still missing something! 
Loving the new Apple iphone software - it's all about the landscape texting!!. Still no video function tho 
Lynzi's funeral this morning, really dreading this.Still can't believe she's gone 
Took a nap, feeling better now. Still haven't gotten paid yet though  need to pay my $12.95 for my TiVo bill this month.
New iPhone software!!! Not bad... Still waiting on picture messaging though 
@YellowLlama Still no MMS goodness for the new iPhone software in SA 
@jack_herer  Hahahaha, what snow??? Still nothing  
OK, I'm up. I'm alive. And I feel a little better since yesterday. Still feel like I might puke, though. Can this week be over, please? 
says &quot;bah&quot; to Renfrewshire council. Still don't know my school 
Rainy day! Still sick. Must get better. 
All these awesome concerts I passed on this week because of Camera Obscura, and they cancel.  Still bumming! 
I may have finally sold my motorcycle! Like new bike that I have no time to ride  http://bit.ly/motabike
@Steffo70 Done that. Still no color smileys.  #twittelator
Awake, slightly. Still pretty sleepy though! 
Yesterday my #iphone crashed during upgrd to 3.0.  Lost all music/vid/tv shows/bks.Still working on getting it back to preupgrade shape.  
Guys i want Enhancement !! Still this bonus track is missing from my Heart 
Spongebob Squarepants!!!!  Still have laundry and cleaning to do before work   Whatever happened to my morning off???
Being great means trying. Gym time! Still sleepy 
Gack, fixed the 'Things' 'Device Stopped Responding' issue by unpairing and (re)pairing. Still getting stuck sync screen 
Taking a breather. Still hurting from yesterday's busy day. Sore calves and forearms  I'm not built for moving furniture
Hmm... Still can't update 
@darcsfalcon Yeah, sorry about the weirdness of my blog lately. I no longer get notifications b/c of the email problems. Still fixing it 
$MVIS will announce financing very soon.  I wish it was non-dilutive but I tave no reason to believe otherwise.  Bend over.  Still long 
@Penut Like on the IPCC files on http://iphone.cdslash.net ?  Those didn't help  
Little sleepy now. Stayed up last night watching chick flicks with my roomie! Oh, and spying on H in the library as well. Still cute 
Sigh. Really, TMobile? Still no 3.5mm jack on your Android devices? 
Hubby is on his way to work out at Garmisch.  Still have no idea when he'll have another day off. 
@Kochachan Still have to wait until November for more Doctor Who. 
@Puppatoons Wah.  Still sounds like fun to me.
Schrodinger's Cat is dead.   Still, it was to be expected. http://bit.ly/bk8wN
@Veganluke Still not yet  Moms not home
Doing college assignments. Still no QuickPwn. 
@MeagCo The Hangover was super funny.  The one guy steals the whole movie.  Still need a job but love Cali.  Unfortunately, no to the 4th 
But I dig the cool breezy nights ;) (NO tradeoff 4 sun tho!) @spellingwitch2: Gawker: The Year Still Without A Summer  http://bit.ly/WKrsH
@blond_girl20 Still have to wait but at least we know how long lol!I read the spoilers,shouldn't have now I'm more impatient  Bad me! Lol
i always hear ou going on about this Zane so i joined. Still no happy u didni turn up at Rockness  But its god ul be fine
Finally got credit card issues sorted out. Keyboard is on its way to me. Still no word from St. Tammany. 
Going to swim a few laps to offset the In n Out! Hoping it wakes me up! Still wondering why @luv2makeulaugh didn't invite me to Old Navy 
so far have seen countless birds almost smack into us, a deer, a turkey, and a dead deer. Still no moose.  Will never see one. Ever.
Frustrated. The one day I can sleep in....... myself won't let me sleep in  depressing.. too early to be up if your not at school. lol
New phone?  Cool!  What did u get?  I'm going to send u a text now.  Still at work.  
Preparing for work. Ella is on day3 of her fever. Still hot. 
@smileeitskylie  No. Like I have it, but it doesn't work. I feel so restricted and in danger without it hah. Like I almost got lost ystrdy
Eating at luciano's in Sioux city. Still an hour outside of Sioux falls. 
Heard from tom, burst into tears in blue rooms when I read his msg. Yet again, crying in bed 
Uwe Boll, feel free to use our tax loops to make your shitty movies, just don't bother releasing them here! Still looking for Tunnel Rats 
is in the so-called &quot;Mani-Cave&quot;, recording away. Still in need of that hug, as well. 
Chicken noodle soup and orange juice... my 2 least favorite things have now become my favorites! Still crazy sick  ugh
A little worried about my pastor (papa), but I'm sure he's going to be just fine... God has him!!... Still a bit nervous though 
Frustrated! I won a contest 4 a concert but will have to call back and say i can't go to it 
@SarahStewart thanks! Yeah right now I'm livin on adreneline, and starbucks. Sleep would be nice. Still w/out room. 
@cwebster68 Ohno.  Without a postal # I'm not sure what you can do. Personally, I'd refund and tell them to shop elsewhere in future kthx.
It's too hot to do anything. :/ I'm gonna go to sleep while listening to my boys AVP. Still miss 'em. 
I'm worried that my iphone 3gs won't make it tomorrow since it's still sitting in Kentucky.  Still no delivery date listed.  
Just arrived on campus. Still dark and dreary outside.  Oh well, time for breakfast.
New to Twitter! Still no followers after 23 minutes 
Its Almost Been A Week Since She Said Goodbye But It Still Feels Like It Just Happen.... I Miss Her 
Lost 12-5.  Still had a blast at the game though. Now off to sweet sweet sleep.
I wanna see that Denzel Movie . But people don't wanna go with me    Still gettin the hair done
@Hoops_angel Yup, sold out...I tried to get another one last week and all gone  Still looking round but nothing yet.
Running so late this morning. Must be the depression caused by SA's exit from the World T20 last night. Still so sad 
@jessygc92 Hey you! Still awake at this time? Tried talking to you via msn, but you are offline! 
OS 3.0 for iphone still lacks S/MIME... Still no video... 
Doing the tourist thing around Townsville. Still feel knackered from flu tho   http://twitpic.com/7s5z9
@CMoz yep. I'm down to my local O2 store this morning. Still on the 2G iPhone = a big upgrade for me! Shame about the 2 yr contract tho 
Today is the third anniversary of the signing of my tenancy agreement for my flat! How time flies. Still haven't had a housewarming tho 
right - copied my files to Jay for the Magazine (he's building it today), time for me to go to work. Still feel rough though 
@cloudwalking Nice. Still waiting for mine to be delivered 
Why am I awake?? Like I don't have things to take care of in, ummm, 2.5 hrs!  *sigh* 
Bit sad  last day on holiday! Still I can reunite my self with my TF2 Spy! I've missed my backstabbing friend!
blergh! Still 15 minutes to go  Should I leave or should I stay? Though decision. Probably should be staying...
@malika_mouhdi I have no idea what to do..I think I have to lie to her  Like tell her I'm doing some postgrad diploma...
Up... Still got the headache from yesterday - - NOT cool!! Ran out of excedrin too  
Mullet is feeling a little better now. Still wish he could talk &amp; tell us what is wrong. My heart hurts cuz we can't make it all better. 
@redspiderfish Dunno' yet. Still working in the office. 
@CFP_x It was such a stressful interview!  They asked odd questions. Still, will hopefully find out next week!
@PembsDave Still bloody packing!!!!!  Got to start bulk cooking and freezing, I refuse to live on take outs for the next couple of weeks!
Now using Digsby! Goodbye YMessenger... Still add me up through YM:myalper_478... Still sad 'coz of Ars (denial x6) and... secret. 
@LynneKaren yeah, they'll be gone too, but as long as you use the same iTunes ID, you can redownload them.  Still sucks though.. 
#FF @Divagrl @VICym @DehFamSincere @LaMontrose @comedianspank @Smitty81 @GeekyFuschia @YungDutch08 @AITGCLOTHING... Still sick  ugggg but
Need to piss really bad. Still got one hour to go on the train then 10 min walk home 
@kelseysohns I coulda helped you with that, but I'm in there  I slept til 2:30pm =DD Still sleepy  Have fun? &lt;3
Frustrated that a website I need to use (to order essential software) is not working!! 
@MarthaRB Sorry I have to cancel today. Still in Cape May 
@leneux It really doesn't.  Still, Awesome Sauceness would still fit. Not that I'm jealous, much.
Errand running again.  Still hoping for the day I can use vacation days for vacation instead of caring for everybody 
Had last exam today! Feel so relieved! I don't know how I did in them all but fingers crossed! Still have a load of English course work  x
Frustrated with my day 
@Zaira317 well I saw it coming months ago. Still sucks. Less then 2 weeks before we move in. 
@Alisco found a bag of latte mix in Morrisons, Speke  (woot!). Not the skinny variety but it'll do for now. Still no vanilla Compliment 
Think I am going to attempt working out today. I think I'm okay now after surgery. Still in a lot of pain. 
Beyond ready to pass out at work I think I'm Getting sick 
Thank you all for the wonderful #followfriday recs. So sorry I missed it again this week. Still sick 
Intown for Shabbos  Still sick more or less...
Still in the car. Still got a long way to go. My back hurts. 
Fucc'n traffic mann!!! Still by the Getty Center been here for like half an hr. 
@karacornflake sleep deprived, me or you? lol Still haven't packed but did talk to my sister in Canada! Miss her! 
Didn't realize they were already boarding. Even though I was A41, I boardedvafter B47  Still got an aisle and, so far, empty center.
@CycleGirlPdC ohh retail therapy...I did that yesterday. Made me feel a little better. Still blue about Boonen. 
According to Webster, even a bagel and cream cheese is a &quot;sandwich.&quot; Preposterous! Yet I lose by definition 
@tommcfly What about Chile? Still remember us? Feeling ignored by you it's deffinetely not a good feeling 
I don't think I've ever been this bored before. Like ever 
I think my day is looking up. I'm really glad I decided to do this report on Starbucks, its actually inspiring me. Still no phone though. 
@byronbrewer Still no SIM card ejecter. 
Well finally found something to do thankfullly i am not bored! cant wait for tuesday! Still waiting to satrt my job! 
Dinner tonight with the family.  Still waiting on Blair to get home.  Flight delayed for 8 hrs. 
I'm getting a blackberry so I don't miss anything anymore! Still pretty bummed I missed the chance to win tix to Gavin DeGraw 
@braveone772 my lil one was literally glitching out. Like the screen would wig out. Not to mention batteries wouldn't work half the time 
I hope today isn't bad.  Like this party.
I am watching The Bachelorette. I am also getting ready for bed. Still, where's my McCain Palin T-shirt???!!!   
Uhh i guess they went out to eat? Still waiting for them to get back 
Beyond bored 
Turns out I have to pay extra for a 3GS  Still got to use one though, much faster, camera isn't much better, compass is the best feature!
Catching up on Crackberry.com...Still no release info for the Tour.  
@shantanoo I did that too 3 days ago, but something went wrong on last page. Still waiting to see of txn appears on my CC stmt 
@DeliverImHungry Nope.  Still blocked off.     Been an awfully long &quot;month&quot;. And 17th and Indiana blocked off until September.
@NeazMH Bummer.  Still, I think the key is to find an instructor who can work with you, as well as start working out in private at home.
Frustrated and annoyed 
My cat was just WAILING at the door. opened it up &amp; he brought me a mouse &amp; was all purrr purrr look what i brought! Ugh. Still alive too 
The club was hot!!! Like literally.. my perm is jacked 
Woke up to the sound of 'Booty Music' playing on my iPod. Hmmm, indicative of what's come? Still don't have an idea where I can watch F1. 
@elpres49 OH... now i get what you mean. Like a holiday? heh, i wish. am still on call for work stuff. 
Frustrated because I can't sleep and I need to be up for work in 2 hours. 
@NoToriousTori Too bad  Still, hope you enjoy and eat until you can eat no more! &lt;3
Its just easier w|out. Like i loved my env but it kept fuckin up 
Stills Feels Like crap sound like a man 
Petrol lawnmower was a pig to assemble - had to get my neighbour to help me. Still haven't got it fired up either,need to buy petrol 1st 
completely bored on a saturday !  Beau i Still love you ! 
Yes time for a walk w/ Milan. Wish I could take Diesel but he has ADD so I can't walk him and push her stroller. Still wanted n Detroit 
FUCK.. Still can't sleep 
MCO -&gt; LAX. Still annoyed that I left my headphones at home 
@CanOzkutan just upgraded my iphone wiv d new software. Its wicked! Faster than ever. Still no video cam though. Cant get the new iphone 
I'm gettin old!. Still suffering from a bad hangover. 10 years ago I'd be drunk again by now. Wo is me 
@lilyroseallen Its very creative! Still love the song and am quite sad I missed out on seeing you in Melbourne 
Took charlie to puppy jail bc vaca starts today. Still sad even tho I'll see him next week. 
@zlmiller yeah they got them all...the meds make me really dizzy. Still not feelin so hot. Ready to be normal  http://myloc.me/4Ekc
Overslept!  Still got to shower then head upto the gay pride fest in Portland! Feel bad 4 hubby... He's coming down with something. 
Woke up. Hmmmm going to my game because they would have to take an out without me. Still sick I think  -&gt;-&gt;i&lt;3AaRoN--&gt;
Had fun @ Gina's and nice to meet you WXC! Finally got Attitude  Still thinking of getting Instinct too. The biggest constraint is AL 
Afternoon twitter peoples. I just woke up cause i was up all night on #loffnotc  Still very sore from this ear infection.  Sympathieze
scored big time @ ys's.  I never get to go, so I'm happy I got to today.  was gonna go w/BFF, but that changed.  Still, was lucrative!!
@Dizzy520 Still can't find his tou. 
On the Bolt bus to DC to celebrate my 'play' nephew turning 1. Big up to VRG!! Still wish this rain would go away... 
It seems like everyone I'm following got the new Iphone. Still stuck in my 2G contract.. 
Power went out last night at GH2. Dogs got scared during storm. I, of course, fell asleep on the porch watching lightning. Still no power 
@Alicemash Awwwww! I was forced to take medicine, so I wouldn't die of an itchy nose. Still got allergies 
The end. Still work to do (lamps, accessories, other rooms) but at least it's a start. Pictures taken with iPhone, but not the 3G S 
@Jaynecollinsmac Hey do you know  what happend to the photos that got taken at the veet promotion? Still haven't been emailed them 
@smexybooks I preordered it but I was hoping to get a copy early. Like today! 
Frustrated am struggling to get this first essay finished. i know what the words ought to be, why aren't they coming?? 
http://twitpic.com/7xxmn - Still bored at work!! Come save me! 
@Gem_W Not working for me yet  Still waiting for the text...
Back from the car show. I'm sunburned! Not well organized and very few watercooled VWs. Still fun. Didn't win anything. 
@examancer Even better. Nice! Still can't forward messages after the update 
@Diana1976 don't know... Still waiting... 
@robinbondhus   Hi! Still crazy  there. Worried and sad about iranians ppl. http://tr.im/papQ http://tr.im/p9O4 via(dcb23) 
Well, made carb free pasta tonight - it was pretty good! We had sugar free rice pudding for dessert - not bad! Still no sun - 
STILL EXHAUSTED.  Watched The Outsiders today, A+. Still haven't finished East of Eden though.
feeling sad..... tryin to figure out why so much bad shit happens to me&gt;? Like really, what have i done to deserve this?? 
@PastaBaby Yeah  Still waiting on some to come out though!
Dolls lost last two games.  Still get to go to state, on D level-- unfortunately same weekend as George Strait. 
Did sooo much shopping today. Hooray for pantie shopping! Still haven't found my dream bathing suit though 
Ooo, Pinstar1161 just came out of the woodwork to announce that the new Legacy Rules will be up next week. Still don't have the game  #TS3
UGH!!! Warm flat Guinness  Still yummy tho 
Gosh I need some ideas for a fathers day gift. Still don't have one 
Off now!! Going home now, big day tomorrow, I think! Still have to study  Niight Xx
@HillyHindi Still Praying for you dad...I pray his doing better 
Omg. I seriously think the emergency room is callin my name. I'm in so much pain Still  save me!
Finally finishing beating my goals on Insane and i actually got a 95% on a song in Legendary  Still no FCs tho 
 ever feel left out of everything going on in the world? Like you didn't have a person that would go to your shows or support you?
[-O] Still awake...Congrats Dynamo! You guys rock. Wish I could have been there  http://tinyurl.com/mko9xf
sincerely hopes that tomorrow is better. Bad days suck. Not fair. Frustrated&amp;sad&amp;.... all things lame 
@xNICKYURINEx becAuse you sounded angry. Like jeez, cuz I'm watching that movie? Sorrrryy. 
Totally at a concert w/my boy and his cousin right now. Shoulda been down w/the spontaneous shit from the beginning! Still hungry though. 
organising music library. Tough work. Still entirely in love with Misha Collins and Zachary Quinto. Stuff in Iran is not good 
Oh well just laying down. Should have done it hours ago. Still not really tierd.  yeah i guess tomorrows another day.
Been in work for an hour and a half.  Still not awake.  Suggestions?  Coffee not working.. 
Didn't finish assignment  Still have 9 days till deadline, but am so over it!!
Just waking up. Yawn! Still sleepy. 
Just did some srs tumblr housecleaning. Still REALLY wish that there was a way to change your default tumblog though 
Temperature in Luxor: really freaking hot (about 95 @10:30, expected high of 105) Still no tan 
Lazy sunday. Still in bed. Would rather be getting ready for 1st practice run at Gurston 
Wow I look upset! Still sitting on the damn plane. My chest hurts, I need fresh air  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08JZu
On my way to Singing Sands. Still want to know how my dream would have ended  it was such a good dream!!! Ahhh well 
Just woke up and its mid day! How bads that? See! Thats what happens when your manager takes your shifts away! Still working tonite tho! 
And.. dogs? And Lizards!! Lizards are freaks.. did not dare walk pass them afraid they might drop on me!! Like becos it did before. 
feeling better. Still not too great, though. Hate being sick 
@miss_pipedream It's hard though  Like, my favourite food is spaghetti... I can't not eat spaghetti *Sob*
Spent too long on that ismir review. Still a couple to do 
Im currently doing a real life version of my avatar pic ... i seem to be a very putrid shade of green .. Still work in 2 hours 
@ReeseyAnn Lol I did the HIIT treadmill training (thanks @dannywood ) and some weight stuff. Still not sunny though  lol
Quite bored! Still up and can't sleep  feeling nostagic perhaps
Down off the mountain for provisions. Still no water when I left.  Hopefully it won't be long now though. I'm needing a shower!
Bummer. No lion  sad face. Still pretty stoked i got this far. Weo.
Man, I didn't go to Junction.  I slept in. Like a lot.
Haven't updated in a while.... Still sick. 
is heading to Newcastle uni tomorrow. Still don't know what to do in life like? 
Fatal metro crash in DC today. Still rescuing people. http://bit.ly/ZJVV4  
Ok seriously, what just happened? Should I just walk to Chinatown? Still on Amtrak for now. I saw 2 fatalities...?  terrible...#wmata #dc
Uggh at work. I hate Mondays, but at least gremlin isn't here to bug me! Still not feeling so great 
@KingJames4 check on the detergent........ Still no hammer 
Headed to work at 7.30 am-85 degrees. Headed home at 4.30 pm-95 degrees. Still too hot and humid to walk 
@BeejiveIM Still shows version 2.1.0 for me!!  
@KatGirl44 Still!!       How much longer?
Is it already 9:30?!  I'm not ready to go to bed yet!  Still got to scrub my fave shirt...my nephew spit green beans all over it...go Noah
@collegepolitico Hey CP, how was the trip? Still nothing new on #cartoonmajor 
Went and saw the boys on a working fire. Still off on medical  
@bonniefuller I think she would be willing; him not so much. He is over it, I think he just doesn't love her anymore. Beyond counselling 
@JesseMcCartney Ooh, I'm not sure.  I think I preferred the original.   Still a fantastic song, though, either way.
Ah. Just took a shower. Freshh&amp;Clean. Still smell like a hospital bed.  I don't know, is that natural?
Still in bed. Still pretty sure I have steep throat. Wishing someone would bring me some ginger ale or sprite. 
Slept for 12 hours. Still tired 
Vet called for Shakti's appointment.  Still no sign of her, so I'm starting to be resigned that she's gone. Swearing off cats for a bit.
set her alarm for 9am...so she could study math all day. Trying hard not to go back to sleep. Still missing Mooch  Bikram yoga at 4:30.
@Axelsrose *smiles* Still got it. Hmm, wonder if Jenny's alright. Been asleep a while...*looks at the door* And I missed last night. 
Laptop's not fixed and is the most temptemental bastard ever. It works, it breaks, it works, it breaks argh!! Still feel crap 
At my moms volunteer job. These kids are baddd! Just a few more hours n I can go home. Still worried about having surgery or not.. 
Hmm, what to do?  Probably going to read one of my new books.      Still too sunburnt to do much.  
@Stine1701 Been there about three times  Still have no idea what the hell it was. But I wasn't sick though.
...is proving very tough 2 assemble last-minute concert 'plans' on a TUES afternoon.   (Still hopeful, but not lookin so good @ moment...)
@luminus YB dat's d way d cookie's crumbling. Need sm1 2 SMDM.  Whether show or send i don't mind. Still 50-50 sha fri still far!
Just bought tickets to see ROTF tonight, busted a flat tire on the way, though, c'mon  man  Still pumped for the movie, not gonna get down
@pudding_and_pie Haha. I just don't know where my hear lies in the matter  have you found the wireless?? Still no word from Frankenstein..
Anyone tell me what Pembrokeshire Tea is like?  Still not received mine...  
Well, I have the internet again for a trial period from Sprint.  Still not sure if I am staying with them.  Pre or no Pre. C/S sux. 
I bit myy tongue in the samme place twice   Still at the fairr. Yeee!
@HorrorMovies Manufacturer might be willing to ship disks under warranty.  Still sucks about Futureshop though 
Found my car. Thanks, everybody. Still waiting on news about mom. Looks like she has pneumonia. 
@SonicThrust Like everything important, lmao.  We did an LCBO run on the way home from work though so we're good. (b'-')b
Lame, the power has been out a few hours. Still waiting for it to come back on. 
@aplusk It was a sad day for me when I found out the Huxtables weren't a real family. I had a hard time accepting it.  Still don't want to
@justinjohnjacob I miss you! I miss pool parties and &quot;grilled&quot; cheese sandwiches.  How's Arielle doing? Still in instensive care?
wow ! i've just found out that Schwarzenegger follows me !! Woo ! p/s : He plays Terminator =] Cool -Still hate life 
One week in Chennai.. Still so hot 
Heading to Wimbledon. Still golf-balled up.  http://ff.im/4pkPo
feeling so bad for Brandon.  Still purging, can't take his usual milk to fill up his tummy. Perpetually hungry now and losing weight 
In keele, traffic good, weather grey but warm. Asleep on my feet after yesterday. Still cant believe it took 2 hours to drive 1 mile 
O2 don't know their arse from their elbow!  Absolutely everyone I speak to has a different story or excuse. Still no iPhone connectivity 
Slept in this morning: 7:40 woke up  Still working from home - it's hardly a disaster
Morning!! Weird kind of weather today- warm but no sun  Still got a horrible throat aswell!!
Hmm Still can't sleep. This is frustrating i have to get up in 3 hours  maybe i had to much sugar
got a torn ligament on the right foot  hurts real bad. loads of work over the weekend and this had t happen! Still trusting the Lord tho..
@antonmuller Congratulations! Still waiting for mine (I have the SIM card, though). 
@SeanyDude23 Yes I did thanks.  Suffering a bit this morning.  Still in my dressing gown! didn't have a chance to play singstars tho, 
@ambienteer relaxing today after migraine from hell!  tunes soothing the mind now though... Like the Azerbaijan piece..
@jbaldwin Marking their MBA assignments these days is pretty hard work either  Still 12 to go! Didn't know you did both BA/MA with them.
@luvroni That's the same one I have and I adore it!  Like you said, cuts like butta!  I don't think I want to pack it for TX, though.  
Took a nap at 5pm, woke up to return a call at like 9pm, didn't leave my bed, woke up for work at 4am. Still tired  wtf
Deutsche Telekom appeal: Still waiting for you to send me my &quot;Speedport&quot;! Must use their service because of where I live  Intermittent woe
Sooper tired!  Still have to read Physiology.
Still sick today  Still super excited about Dane cook tommorrow night!!!!
Probably no beach today b/c of the weather. Boo.  Instead I'll run errands &amp; catch up on stuff. Still should be a good day!
Biologie, it is so much! Still interesting, but way to much 
Awake. Getting ready to go to CSUF. Still coughing my life up. And I'm freezing 
Here's the @eyeweekly ad for Comedy Above The Pub Tonight. http://bit.ly/hRZQn Still not in the comedy grid, though.   http://bit.ly/AChsO
I wish I were somewhere else right now. Like a beach. Not effing school. 4 weeks left 
@ CSUF. Still coughing and now I'm freezing. 
Sitting on train 2 santana sipping COFFEE omgz eevil. Rv Mansour shiur on mp3. Still, wish was home making comics 
@butadream So soon?? Still so far away  Well, for me! Summer will be already over when it's happening. I would like to have a concert now.
@vidzone Seems to be streaming very slowly to me. My conn is fine as far as I know. Still no Bloc Party yet? 
@SirPsycho84  Yes way and the buildabear has been there for 6 years.  Still you don't come and visit 
@MomSpark Love those houses.  Still can't afford it   Can you get them to send me one for free to review?  LOL #jonandkate
@kimbeeisme thank you. We'll miss her. Still don't know all detail. A little sick went to hospital fri got btr to go home Mon died tues. 
@TorontoSymphony How can you have sunshine? Where are you? Still raining in Forest Hill 
http://twitpic.com/8dw4j - @bdiako1 and I on our balcony. Still missing Hawaii 
@saravananp mine is B North. Still need to decide 'aaru hithavaru ninage ee moovaroLage' to vote 
Boredum.. can be, well.... boring. lol Still figuring out twitter.. HI Mitchel... lol sorry im bugging you but i only have 3 peeps so far 
@MrTweet_Alert Would you please email me? I can't seem to get Mr. Tweet to work... Still. What's up with that? Thanks. 
@genn_org hey? Where r u? Still in irish pub in Rome? 
Next time i won't be all enjoyed for a Bill or all TH audio message... Still cutie voice... But no news  Anyway, thanks for trying LOL
Stars Collide Guy Sebastian Debut US album &quot;Like it Like That&quot; out July  ? http://blip.fm/~3xb5r
@rcarmstrong Thanks rafael! Makes perfect sense.. Just wanted to verify it  Still annoying having to wait for all the great shows though!
@Vince_Craine Glad to see you've toned down your sell.  Still like the software 
quite likes Eminem's new song, make take a few listens tho. Still blaring &quot;Number One&quot; out the car tho 
Good morning Nebraska! The wind has died down, the sun is shining. Still colder than cold though. Wear a coat 
@goldstar_gun  Like the dress. I can't wait to see how amazing you look in it. 
@leahcurtis  thanks. its so bloody hot here though. Still a little jet lagged. Heading out for dinner in Bandra.
Oooh my Tiny Attacher arrived today  Still waiting for my Chomper though!
College interview seemed a bit of a waste of time, they didn't even ask anything! Still been offered a place though 
@Brianaislove LOL. thats from Two and a Half Men, silly! Still funny tho. 
@DonnieWahlberg It's on....today, Bulls vs Celtics! It's the only time I'll ever be backing someone other than u  Still love you though!
@siriuslyheather No. Still sitting. Prime says they're short on loads.  Hopefully soon 
Frustrated with this computer... I think it's time for a new one 
Downtown. No tourists slapped. Still early tho. 
@heatherlynne09  trust me heather, you only know the right moment when its gone. Like mikaela said, set it up and shoot. 
@Irish1974 Sure.  Be right there.  I am a half-ass duster and swifferer, ya know.  Still want me to come over?  
@3oh3PFR  Still Around 
@MaraBG Well we dont have it yet.Still need to aply for it,but hopeful would be nice to get out of toxic apartment 
Well down to just one competion for Arsenal. Still not to worry it's only the Champions League 
And I DON'T follow this Kutcher man, he has nothing interesting to say! ;-) Like to #followsprout more! 
@MariahCarey 'Fly Like A Bird'  x
@mariahcarey Fly Like A Bird 
@gothayana The bear just had to join  Like my background? I made it myself with photoshop brushes
@fjkinnit Hahaha! James doesn't get all of my x's! I try and share them out! The thought of that gorilla makes me heave.Still. *blergh*  x
@Bulehithien Aaaah, ok, that makes it clear  Still, I don't like the word 'feast' in such a context.
@beermerchants Old Swan: 1860. U Fleku: 1499. Still awesome, though. 
@CobwebsStir Me slow too  Still puttering around right now..
@lubnaaa You know you wouldn't trade those memories for the world. Precious things, they. Still, new chapters await to be written 
Juz got out da shower n feelin Good. Still OT @ secret location 
@MaryCunningham  Mary, I will send my blog with foto later on this evening. Still waiting for the turtle doves  to pose for me 
@ohmylivia Thanks for the positive feedback   Still working on it, too!
@phxazlaura My deepest darkest secret is that I wish I had gone to UA at some point.  It's not a bad place.  Still like Sparky though 
@AndyTaylorSonic Like the Remixes.. and no doubt the 'proper' version when it arrives, Still like to see some photos of your studio/setup 
Bumpy whale fins set to spark a revolution in aerodynamics:  http://tr.im/jdt2 Still learning from nature 
@FreshPlastic  Then all we do, is keep the thumbs away when shaking. Easy, then we are 7 stone. Like it 
@stretchneil hey Neil thanks for following  Still up to your eyes with worky stuff?
@clairehearty It's because your tweets appear on Twitscoop (maybe your display picture too?) but aren't followers good? Like a cult, heh! 
Excuse me.Calmer now.Probably just bitter that I was born with looks to rival Jabba The Hut...Still,at least I have fun 
Trainer time!  Still  from a fab weekend.
@CruciFire Ya. Like a rushed facelift 
@klandmiles NICE! Like the flowing hair.  What super powers have you got?  I'm a modern version if this guy  http://is.gd/ttcp
@hostels_com Thank you very much. Still soon enough 
@rickrockstar Hey, you!!!     Still high...from all the good news??  ;)
@PurrpleKrystal haha gnite my dear!  I know, its hard to peel away. Like a band-aid!  There's always tomorrow.  SUCCESS 
@giajordan seriously, something tells me u still have a binky. Like for real 
At Death Guild now. Still in my bathing suit 
Crappy sleep last night. Still can't find my ipod. But my mum is making my favourite dinner 
Video: Still one of the best lego/starwars videos - eddie izzard fashion  http://tumblr.com/xge1mmgaz
is thankful - the person who spoiled tonight's #Dollhouse edited their post. Thanks  Still, spoilers before we've all seen it = uncool
I love setting my own schedule. It lets me be where I want to be when I want to be there. Like being here, now. I like that. 
Narcotic Thrust - I Like It &lt;&lt;&lt;333 this song just listen and enjoy  less than
Beyond tiired its 12:55 am, so.... gooodnight. 
I'm Tired ! Like To Eat Some Nuggets 
Watching tv. I might go and get some thing to eat. When ever I have freinds over my room get really messy! Like it is now 
@MickyFin Thanks. Still waiting 
@karenbyrne Thank you all for allowing me to be a part. Still think I was given the hardest question to speak to though. Lol  
@spiv1 things are good here, actually. Still have a job, just finished my Master's, waiting for vacation, etc. 
I just got a job!  And I didn't even need my phone to do it! WOO! Still no phone. :[ But I got a job! 
Saw Kate tonight...AWESOME night!! Still buzzing should be in bed!! 
@mileyfashion good  do you find out everything on your own?? Like, where the clothes are bought and stuff? 
@djsky1 Haha, I was thinking that too...Like everyone just stays chillin' together 
Smells good! Like a barbecue party 
@yaeljk Nope not yet! Got @tractorqueen and amelle's stuff the other day only... I'll keep my eyes open!  Still haven't watched it LOL 
Being a cute girl has its perks. Like getting car services for free 
@Slackie531 I wish I could go on a vacation somewhere exotic! Like Hawaii! 
@samarowais I think, it's okay to use title case in titles/headlines, and wherever you want to say something Strong. Like i just did 
Listening to leaked Passion Pit album... Still going to buy it though. Come and have a listen 
On Like PopCorn LOL 
@tomgreenlive How you been? its Steven, the artist you interviewed on Freezer Burn set  Still drawing, Still an uncle (good times)
@OlorinLorien not hungover. Stopped drinking last night as my body said NO!  Still lying in bed - @nicolaherbert making tea and coffee 
@kkmommy9802 Well, kids fed, dishes done, laundry re-booted.. so I guess I'm doing well. Still want to go back to bed though 
Im watching friends season 6. Still remember those time when you were  watching them? 
Enjoying this beautiful day!!! Outside 
Spend 20 minutes every day in nature by yourself, it's rejuvenating ! Like a little personal vacation ! 
@henrobules: don't worry about it. Like I said... It was well worth it. 
still know all the words to Like a Virgin. 
@nicolearevalo the little pond in front of Nate's house. She's okay.  It was scary though. Still hasn't sunk in. I didn't see it happen.
Robert Earl Keen's &quot;Feelin' Good Again&quot; makes me happy. Still coulda used an extra day w/J but at least our toes are pretty from afar 
@tattood1 haven't decided yet bro. Still sitting in my La-Z-Boy recliner being, well, lazy. 
@JessicaLevin @HigherYou @Legalgold good point! written down now. Like when I think I'll remember a dream, but can't.... 
@3ricaNicole Like that??? 
Comin' soon! Still can't wait! 
I'm going to bed. Still tired from last night's 5 hour broadcast!! Text me nice stuff (cell@obnoxiousacorns.com) yes it goes to my cell. 
Who didnt do any homework this weekend? Still, who doesnt care cause he already got into UT? 
@SabrinaBryan Like, when you're just watching a drama show.. Lol 
@PembsDave good morning! Looks ok here from what I can tell. Still hiding in bed for now! Might head out for a walk in the woods later 
@perpetualspiral I LOVE pb &amp; banana sandwiches!! Still a fav of mine 
Download movie  &quot;Still Waiting...&quot; http://tinyurl.com/d9g8sj cool #movie
had a very interesting day yesterday... wondering if today will be just as crazy. Hope not. Still diggin' Spartacus!.. aka: Mike-E!!! 
Apparently Ashland is never going to tell me if I got the scholarship.  Still my day off  2nd cup of tea, still on the couch!
Watching the fight video.  Still shots of me breaking his nose to come soon.  Austin D. has some pretty good commentary. 
I'm likable after all HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Still over the moon 
@ppittman you are not old!!! You're  just comfy! Like worn in sweats! Said with all the love my sarcastic heart can muster....   
@MaryCateOMalley Like the Simpsons? That's like asking, &quot;so you like breathing?&quot; 
@johnmaine John ohh, I like you. Like, Like-Like you.  Best show ever. &lt;3 the maine.
@jefebarrio it was put on by our neighborhood, so just a little one. Like 25 runners. I got 1st place, with an okay time. I was happy. 
@GeorgiaPrincez Like you're not enjoying the hell out if it. 
Sex on the beach, cosmo, kamikaze, captain america, ahhh fun night. Still not over. 
Is playing bubblewrap on her iPhone. Over and over and over again. Still, beats working... 
Love sundays. Especially when F1 is on!! Still in PJ's, no plans to get out of them any time soon 
Good morning! Still overcast here 
Happy mother's day everybodyyy  Still inlove with my camera. Anyone wanna buy me a fisheye lens?
http://twitpic.com/4yi4t - Still breezy out. She loves it. Me 2 
@SimplyStar BOOOO!!! Still have hiccups?? 
Faith Like Potatoes. go watch that movie. kinda cheesy but i really liked it 
Heading to bed. Long day. Still have lots of things to inventory tomorrow. 
http://twitpic.com/550ms - Birthday gift from kayla perez in 5th grade. Still fits 
@schillingfan Oh, I'll still be around -- just not nearly as much. I may be speaking prematurely. Still have to get clearance! 
@mochrie_rocks Yep, sometimes I love being behind you guys.  Still got 5 episodes to go 
@moonfrye Craziest thing (or smartest thing??) I've ever done...sold everything and moved to Mexico nearly 6 years ago. Still in MX. 
Went back to my normal style of poker, lost on monday but won last night. Still up for the week though 
OMG twitter get it to-fucking-gether!!! Still not accepting bground pics. eff! Last twit, promise. Night 
Hey this is my first time.  Never Tweeted before.  Looking forward to seeing what this is all about.  Still recovering from Book Club 
Anton Yelchin twitter is not real. ah I'm sad. Still, he's adorably hilarious, so I leave it  http://twurl.nl/7mlbek
Not much time for programming . Still settling down in Sydney 
@RaquelRodriguez I used to teach at an outreach center so teachers had children send thank yous. Like you ... it took several tissues. 
@Perpetual_Kid  Like duh, right?!  
@MalikYoba....Hmmm! Still trying to figure out what they really want? Confusion seems to engulf so many of u guys! 
@ComaCulture moths are somtimes a sign from above. Like a dead relative  trying to say hello  for example.
@raintenshi lol..Still uploading the iTunes version :p  I'll tweet ya when that's ready 
Still  learning the tricks of the blog trade! Bear with me  Still promoting my Destash tonight as well www.aljsupplies.com  ...peek?
This summer just might suck. Like all the others excluding last summer. 
@anna_007 WOW! Thats early! Mine is at 7:00 and i find THAT early. Have fun . Still, its tennis. It's always fun 
@gerdaduring LOL, so ur 'supervising' and providing encouraging support then. Like your style 
@CarterOrange same here. Still full of cold feeling a bit yuk so the easier the better! Might do a bit of fic later but thats about it! 
Had a nice time with Gokesters! Particularly KEWL ICIE! And oh!!! Still wishing for Danny to twitter with me along with Gokesters! 
@ajv is graduating ... Like right now.... I am so pumped ! No more college an much more @vaynermedia  I love my bro
@bradwilson Oh, I count on that, and will use it. Still, one wished for a bit more  I seem to rely on vbox more and more anyway.
Didn't work. Kourt's back on her online game. Still don't let her on there. she's fishing now. Y does a boot fight U? lol   brandi
took few days easy, hope the summer ends. Need to get back to my study mode. Still few days for it. 
Awake.. Still wanna go prom dress lookin and shoe shoppin. Does @kword wanna join me? 
@rob16v Afternoon well spent then. Like it 
We Out Drivin Around Still Lookin Like Yesterday lol 
It's so nice out today! Outside enjoying it 
Should have known that starting DIY at 6 was a bad idea... no early night for me. Still, got @fm1079oxford on so not all bad 
Flop ass week. BUT, I'm working with 1da today. Hope everything goes well!  Still loving life to the fullest.
@DandyRose I came in 3rd. Not too bad! Still got a $100 GC. 
Yay for filly! lol. I'm so happy she won, though I was hoping for Mine That Bird. Still glad we broke the 80 year record? 
@Gurlstrange It will make you happy. You should try some. It's AWESOMELY GREAT!!! Still we're all gonna die anyway. 
@swmaina Morning  Still on leave?Unfortunately, working phone cameras are yet to check into pinkville.
@daifukumochi its just another word from my vocabulary  Like Fuckass.
Off to be or at least try to fall asleep. Still wide awake but I got to work in the morning. Sweet dreams everyone 
@Kenzielee_ Still in your PJs 
@mattcampagna Yer it was abit, still think they should of had it as a 15. Still dont know who is cooler The Illuminti or The Templars? 
@floppyarms Yeah, saw it last week. Still stupid as it takes you to mail for the last part, so you still run the risk of hitting a tree 
@maynaseric Still schooling? Me too! I'm studying in Ponggol University. But I take my exams in the Nat'l University of the Society. You? 
@ThomasGudgeon Like I say, if you need a hand, just give me a shout 
@AEF89 how's the pigeon today?? Still there or not? Cya later. 
@lynnali2 Morning! Still tired, think it'll take few days to catch up properly..bit achy but feeling good actually! 
@iCarluccio Screen flicker? Firewire is not a good takeaway either. Still, 1st gen is the bomb-diggity! 
@KikiValdes sounds yummy to me! Like oranges with paprika 
@mirrormixing Yep! Still working , but as usual being my Vampire Queen self .  
@sheb57 It went really well, Thank you! Still tired, bit achy, but overall good  x
@archuphils Archie's TMH is still @ number 2 on Top 5@5 of Magic 89.9! Still on Archuweek hangover. 
@mattimago Thank you! Feeling good actually! Still playing sleep catch up so tired still..bit achy but overall great!!  x x x
@nhoustonreed Happy (belated) bday from Down Under, Nikki   Still can't believe ur only 21! Finally legal there, lol..
yay sun is shining * Like me 
I hate this lowlife copycat. http://ihavesomnia.multiply.com  EHEHHE.  Still waiting for the Aussie people. 8-| :-w :-w
Meh, 4 hours &amp; all I've done is catch up on some email &amp; tweet, hardly productive. Still, some of the stuff I've read has been hilarious 
@mtimmer  The Hayes modem ! Still know the command to set the baudrate 
@cameronreilly yup. Like brewing my next coffee. At least now I know the temperature coefficient of the refractive index of boiling water 
@Health4UandPets Thanks! Somehow I missed this comment earlier. I have way too many pictures of my kitties  Still need to add latest 2 too
@jeremycowart good luck and have a good time with Brandi! Still so jealous here! 
Cleveland Marathon - 3:42:48. Went out too fast trying for the BQ, should have never tried based on my training. Still had a great run!  
Wow, I put in a shoutout for di.fm, and now @diradio is following me.  Still on the Progressive Trance channel! 
Another day of school..Still waitinq for the Nice summer to come!! 
Hit gym nice and early. While I don't like Mondays I do like today  how will you spend your tomorrows? http://yfrog.com/1fvt9j
@aditya Meh. Still don't believe the extra weight will help them in the least on the course. We'll see in qualifying/race day 
@SusieBlackmon Hey Lady, how are you doing? Long time no tweet. Still up at 4a? 
@Crack_T Like I said: #fail 
Morning all! Still not feeling great. But am awake. Lying in bed, I think today is a lazy day 
Silly bb. Like I mind leaving late when we're busy talking and laughing abt people at work and his comparisons of dating to investing 
@ShawneyJ - *LOL* Still going strong, huh? Sounds like you're having fun, though!  When do you head back home to IA?
had so much fun at PCD on Tues but is sooo tired! Still catching up on sleep but it was all worth it 
Going to celebrate first with fellow uni pales  WOOHOO!!! Still can't believe it YAY!!! Summer of a lifetime here I come 
Its 7:06am, why in the heck am I wide awake now? So much to do 2day. Xcited about seeing my Htown Kinfolks  ..Still packin for relocation
@THEROARING40S Mostly ignoring me by not ringing 
@hairdyejunkie thanks for the Mutual follow. Like your statusisesz 
Arrived home. Still have makeup on and hair still teased.... Cbb to wash it anymore 2nite, 2moro, WHEN I wake up.... Heh heh 
is Still sick, But being a True TMobile Team Player n Returned to work!! 
Just changed my Twhirl colors to Bordeaux .. Still trying to get used to it. 
@crfalls lol! My bad. I see how to follow the replies now. Still getting the hang of this twit.  
@dozi1 LOL! Well... I slathered with aloe, so its better today for sure!! Still burnt tho, but maybe I can disguise the face with makeup! 
@kathystover Thx.  Still have the eagle pic but just thought I'd put my real pic on since so many others do it too.
@hev_x It can be scary being home on your own sometimes. Easy for your mind to play tricks. Still you can never be too careful. 
@alexgood @elle_michelle, I'm pretty sure it wasn't FOR seeing her last week...it was a wedding present. Still - love your grandma 
Hopefully tomorrow I'll feel well enough to not dread work, and I'm Still able to go to the gym..don't worry @Seth85 I gotchu!!! 
Man.. When the wife and kids are gone I go by bachelor hours... Still haven't gotten around to dinner.. Guess I better go eat! 
Still tired... Still sick... Cav's won tho 
@mrskutcher  &quot;why no 1 reported what was said 2 provoke such a reaction?&quot; Where's the fun in that?  Like the GOP caring about facts.  
@scarequotes No, no, that's just it. I loved it then, love it now, but no one else does. Still the weird one. I had the 3&quot; CD 
@MsKenyaaa LOL LOL.... I jus had my son on saturday actually....  Yea I know.... Still NEW 2 me 2.. Lol
 30 lbs lost since Feb. Still have a lot more to go.
Just woke up. Still tired. Gotta work in about an hour.. Another mindless day 
Watching jimmy fallon with tonya. . . Still thinking about love emails from justin. . . Still cheesy. - Ingrid 
@1KrazyKorean Like your bio... Definitely doing a lot of that 
@JniceLOVE watching tv talkin 2 some people listening to drizzy &amp; trey's Still.  I love ya puppy! Take a pic!
@MyLifeROI - I'm still up, just working on a post.  Still can't find my dang RSS feed!  You know, where you can manage it.   lol.
@laceefranks I love u too mama!!! Still here too so looks like we're both gonna have a long night :-p ahhhhhh! Lovin it tho 
Off to work I go  Does anyone know how I can link a hotkey to tweetie? for speedy tweeting? (Like ctrl+up to bring up the tweet box)
@peterelst sure MAX will rock! Still highly hope I will make it... 
Cassie has woken  Still kinda sleepy though Wearing my eeyore socks (Y)
I have taken ONE call so far. Urgh. Work, please give me work! Still buffet food later apparently, and we all rock says upper management. 
