Most common words for this cluster:
[('still', 686), ('today', 43), ('work', 33), ('day', 29), ('home', 29), ('http', 26), ('time', 25), ('sick', 21), ('thanks', 20), ('week', 19), ('com', 18), ('night', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Still', 0.9999125003814697), (u'Yet', 0.7580813765525818), (u'Nonetheless', 0.7394773364067078), (u'Nevertheless', 0.7058121562004089), (u'While', 0.7052544951438904), (u'But', 0.6857166290283203), (u'Even', 0.6613569259643555), (u'Though', 0.6534615159034729), (u'Although', 0.6227614879608154), (u'However', 0.5914657711982727)]





Someones alarm clock or a phone woke me up at 3am...Still got my headache from yesterday night 
So glad I made it through work - with an extra hour too and my paycheck.  Still waiting on the one I lost though 
@JesMayhemWA Still trying to sell the prelude? 
@zamon And there was me thinking at least it got you some time off work  Still, I'm sure you have more peace and quiet to work at home.
Should I go for a run or should I do my laundry?? Or both?  Still gotta work tonite.. 
Still hurting. Still can't eat chunky monkey ice cream. 
Never taking prescribed pain meds again. Still sick to my stomach, but no where near as bad as last night. 
Just woke up. Still no tax refund 
When am I ever going to need to know half the stuff in the risk notes? Still not finished the essays either 
Ouch. Still hurts. 
Still shooting the office interior. We're all so tired. Still got another scene to do! Finish time: 9am! 
Apparently the laundry room burst in flames... but now it's all cleared up. Still smells like smoke though, even on the top floor. 
@Edificator have found a link...many thanks. Still annoying you have to do it that way. 
@goodlaura No word yet   Still praying.
@KoiFishSushi I kinda felt the same.  The more I play, the more I enjoy.  Still having trouble stepping up to the next difficulty though 
@chipperbebe No news as yet  Still on hold is what I gather...
supposed to rain today   Still, will be a good day to curl up w/a book!!
Typical ! 15% off at B &amp; Q didn't apply to the paint I wanted  Still on the plus side I walked unaided 
@haelo07 Any packages come? Still none for me. 
ugh been hacking one sql query all day. Still haven't gotten followers working. 
My cat's missing  Still, I just had a fish-finger sandwich, so it's not all bad.
@shayman on a somewhat lucky (for me) note.  I work about 5 blocks from the 905 location, and didn't know it. Still sad. 
Watching &quot;You can't handle the truth!!!&quot; LOL  I need motivation....Still studying for law finals 
In bed. Still got cracking headache. 3 weeks now 
showered, shaved and shampooed - ready for action!  Still a few hours away though 
Its 10.45. I had 2 cup of coffee. Still miss my bed 
@AllotmentAli Still just 10!! 
Enjoying a cup of hot teh tarik.. soothing... Still not getting anything done. 
@tiffyb85 ahhh the barking dog. I'd say I've called the cips prob 50+ times in the past year. Still no citation, still no resolution 
Science class.  Still trying to get this politics crap done.  
finally the longest week of my life is over!! Claiming unemployment this week - now they are paying weekly. Still looking though 
3 mile walk with dogs and now need to get to work. Still can't shake this damn cough - over a week with it 
@justconcentrate Hopefully this year. Still no news about the visa 
pulled a muscle in left side of his neck yesterday  Still stiff and sore.
one of the motors is kindof sketchy.   I may have to switch to using the slower ones with shit loads of torque.  Still need 12+V of batts
Yes, I'm up at daft o'clock again. Still haven't been paid 
Looks like another hour of walking... Still no baby. 
@Cherrim Wow ;___; I hope you aren't working 5 days a week... or maybe it's a good thing for the money.  Still a lot of working.
@Telkana ooh, which color box did you get? i was hoping desperately to get the black one. But i got red  awell! Still looks cool on shelf!
Has a fever  Still want to ride 2morrow!
@Debblues dahhhhhhh yeah gotta hit the hospital soon I suppose. I did eat it down some stairs about a month ago, no shoes on. Still pain. 
@0mie I don't have that option  don't know how u got it. However JUST noticed a msg indicator on my home screen! Wow! Still want tabs 
@EllieGale Still waiting on my icecream. 
@NaiveLondonGirl Still no sex though 
The old man spent a whopping $1.50! Still the only customer. Seems this yard sale is a bust. 
Working...sad about my purse and my electronically devices that were in it.  I am glad my phone wasn't in it! Still sad though
our dog wandered off yesterday afternoon. Still can't find her, and she's scared of thunder.  
Catching up on friends tweets from non-broken lappy.  Still searching for a fix 
@ajinkyaforyou You gotta ask @KNAN, it's something that a part of our team is betting big on. Still under wraps 
Exhausted! Still gotta do assignments 
@DaniellaY Still not feeling well huh?  I wish I could fix it. 
@pumpkin0core aaawe  Still up for today?
Bleurgh, typical that I'm struck down with a nasty cold on a hot, sunny bank holiday weekend  Still, at least not at work feeling so ill.
@salandpepper She's taken it outside so that's an improvement. Still trying to work out my TV problem here though 
Slowly losing the will to live with my dossier. Still need to do the &quot;public opinion&quot; section and the conclusion (2 hardest parts).   
In between services. Still have a headache: going on a week and a half of non-stop throbbing. 
@sweetpea1036 CT. Still bout 3 hours away  traffic bad in nyc cause of rain
Just brought a loaf of bread to the downstairs neighbors - thank them for putting up w/ us and our loud dog.  Still afraid they hate us 
Feels like I broke my thumb...  Still can't bend it or use it or touch it.. poor thumb
going to bed after a long evening looking for my broken mini disk recorder.   Still didn't find it.
wants to go home. Still got 45mins with no work and no internet boo 
@krrrsty  @FrillyHIlls  and now they are in bed, but washing is pilled 10 miles high in the laundry and kitchen  Still need my own dinner
Nothing like hospital waiting room coffee   Still no diagnosis.  http://twitpic.com/4jdg3
I just showered. Still trying to figure out how to get out of going to my doctor's nappointment. Yeah.... Still wish I didn't have to go. 
@Lindavesinger haha yep if by that u mean plastering #30SECONDSTOMARS everywhere on twitter then yes! Still lost my voice tho  back 2 work
Weekends with no broadband suck! Still another two days before its reconnected 
Is done for dancing tonight. Still many follows on the floor I didn't get the chance to dance with 
Short nap. Still sleepy 
Wishes it wasn't sunday.. Still tired 
Aww.  Still have the same number of followers. I hope MORE people would follow me.
At home now, chilling and nackerd to fuck, Still want to be at radio 1 big weekend 
Night y'all ... Still sad 
@benjamintheriot I am jeal. Still studying here across the pacific. 
@theswayzebaby So what did you think? I keep watching it &amp; pausing through the photos: see new ones each time. Still not us though 
It's always way to dark by the time I get to the oval for my after work run  Still managed to put in some decent effort though.
OK so the students are on with their scripting now for their podcast! Still no sign of the sun!!!   
No't going through to the #famelab science communication final this year  Still gonna be features on the website, so hey.
@AngelinaCupcake on hols. Still working fulltime 
Ugh.. not feeling so good... probably the rain mixed with driving up and down the mountains. Still got 2hrs of driving left 
Someone who wants a tiny object at home?? I am available. Still looking for places 
Just woke up!! Still feel a little drunk  But that's going to be fine isn't it???
Finally home!! It sucked my friend canceled the bonfire. Still sad and angry and semi tipsy 
Pancakes all gone  Still got my mug though ;)
My SES unit, we need the monies! Still feeling sick eh? That sucks!  mm yes, chocolate is good for the flu. And I should know, I'm...
@minauderie it's 26 + 78% here. Still waiting for pub quiz to start 
Wish I could go back to sleep. Still tired 
@PaulTwinn aw, no fun!  least you're in no danger of burning here. Still need aftersun applied?
Weekend is almost over. Still a diner, and the train back home. 
@MsBrownEyezz time is NOT flying....Still have 3 hours left of work  I wanna be @ home
On the way to the most boring study day ever...fact! It's mandatory to so no escape. Still pining for my boo 
@AnnaMVos oh what I meant by side bar view is the outline view lol. Still, I didn't see the delete button!  #nambu
@__MissB Still strong-ish. We're not so flash at the moment, but we're working on it. We've both been pretty stressed this semester 
ugh........................Mondays. Still sleepy 
They have all gone out and left me home alone  . Still a least i can snooze in peace 
@realsarah my 10mo slept thru the nite for the first 7mos. Then started waking to eat 2 times pr nite. Still is 
@svarndell Sucks that I never went to UniWORSTity.  Still, nice to have local resources.
@dwhorton I guess sick. I was fine last night but when I woke up I felt like ass. Still have to work too 
Awww. The sun is coming out. Still 52 degrees thou 
Sian  Still havent found the ol account's password but shall live with this
5.5 hours away from being done for the semester. Still have some packing to finish 
I think he might not b that into me. Still no word. 
Slowly waking up... Still miss ryan, don't wanna work tomorrow 
I'm over this drive... We've gone 800 miles.. Still have 300 left...  fml I want to sleep. http://myloc.me/15Xf
Working;its what I do best! (Still very exhausted)  I need a vacation.
Weekend is over, back at work   Finally all moved out of the old apartment. Still need better cable and internet in the new one.
TGIF - Still no chance to twitter today! 
@hen4 Lol... could well have ;)  I'll take a better pic later as it was a bit too close up. Still only an only child at the moment 
@luie01 not overly i can scrunch it so the curl is there. Still sat waiting 
10hrs sleep again. Still exhausted. Much as i love my job its bloody exhausting!  day 9/9 half done now!
Just had my second exam - did not go very well.... and am not too hopeful for paper 3 at this stage. Still lots to be done!  boourns
Is a whole load of tired!  Still on with the job search! 
I am missing the @replies of all the people I follow.   Still hoping @ev changes his mind and brings back that option.
@dequese I doing well. Still in the bed. No plans yet &amp; its my bday weekend. 
@Itsmee_twitchez Still coughin' up a storm... so I can't do much 
@nooli4 Haven't read very many  Still haven't got my hands on a book so have only got the internet. Hopefully make a library trip tomorrow
Handling one desk at a time. Still got 7 more hrs ahead... 
@MomMaven That's the worst part. As a high school teacher, I struggle w/that. What if the &quot;right&quot; thing makes me feel bad?  Still right.
@PembsDave you're not bloody wrong. Still 15 minutes to go before I even get stuck in the rush hour traffic tho 
Just got off work heading home for sum benedryl and a eucalyptus bath. Still can't breath 
I've been trying to get some work done for the last 20 minutes but I just can't focus. Still feeling iffy and now overwhelmingly tired. 
S I G H... X_X Still have to study for geography..I get to call into work tomorrow...+ all the other things I wrote about in my blog.. :\ 
@Faithable no...and now the stupid air conditioner is going to run non stop...going to freeze!  Still going to be a bad day 
I can't be bothered for look book. Still not feeling better 
So ... Still finishing errands for a trip tomorrow morning where I have to be at airport at 6am. 
I fall asleep and didnt get to see the jonas brothers web cast  ... Still tierd
@AdInterim Still jealous 
is awake.  Still feeling sick.     But I got the blog done at least. http://plurk.com/p/x17t9
Just found out I have to leave my lovely flat!! And been waiting 2.5 hours for a plumber. Still no job news.  Not a good day 
@lilivonshtupp I'd rather go to the matinee but I have to work  Still debating whether I should go cos going alone is no fun haha
@CaronsBeachHs  Still dealing with quite a bit of pain, will jump off here soon to lay down,very frustrating  Thanks 4 asking
Dislocating your thumb= more painful than dislocating your toe. I was reminded of this today (thankfully, by my toe). Still feels weird 
@neudesigns MCM is still my next main event.  I'll be happy to get back running soon.  Still run-less for 10 days.  
@genejm29 I spoke too soon  Still a nice evening, but lots of broken cloud coming in from the south.
Enjoying my pathetic tiny music collection, while rearranging my room. Still a little tired from shortening the grass, and that one frog 
Just as quickly people arrived people have gone  Still hungry must find food!
@dbrown45th Still haven't got mine yet 
@nadiaoxford I think &quot;nut hordes&quot; just might be the most amazing two words I've heard all day. Still super sad for you all 
feels pretty terrible. Still have a banging headache 
@mattlepub no! Still waiting  looked into a manual 'update' but it sounded a little on the risky side... best improvement?
Normans talk on Wwta stuff was good, tragically he can't share any current projects info  Still a good talk though!
@ClareBunny Still not good eh?! 
Where is everyone? Still stuck indoors. 
I'm feeling physically and mentally exhausted right about now.  It has been a busy 2 weeks Still, must get stuff done today.
is now receiving twitters to his phone! Still not happy about the background not changing though 
Finished packing my bags and ready to go on holiday. Still have to wait two days  
I'm awake. Still kinda sleepy.  but woke up to a tweet from @killakel25 sooo glad he made to to iraq safe and sound!
I'm done now 2 go check on tires...... Still no word 
@SelfMadeCelo huh, I restarted and everything. Still no page rank info. 
Ugh just got up. Still tired. Surprisingly I have quite a lot to do today, regardless of finals being over! 
So nice 2 not be workin today n tomorrow! Still layin n bed....but there's laundry in the washer I started that needs to go in the dryer. 
Just got back from patagonia, where I opted out of buying a bottle of wine...I am soo cheap. Still not getting updates on my cell 
Horrible start  lost monster pot to a gut-shot. 850 in chips. Still alive
I am finally starting to feel better!! Still can't wear my glasses as some blisters on my nose so it is hard to hang out for long 
Working! that's what I've been doing since 7am! Still 6hrs to go 
@vastateparks Thanks! Still nothin'. They were all over the place, but just not hungry.  Kids had fun anyway!
@CorinaBecker It's annoying when it goes down!  Still hasn't restored your icon, though 
Watching the red wings! Still gotta cold  beware.
Semantics is very tired. Still has 3 more hours at work though. 
So exhausted. Still no internet at our new place. 
Playing vball at the lake... Still wearing a dress though  its so not me!
my girl is home - yay! Still missing my boy, though. 
Today was pretty fun! Still sad though 
Today has had it's ups and downs like all days. Still have a headache.    I'm also boredd. (&lt;--suckss!) I wish someone would text me
@wolfparty http://twitpic.com/6bi7n - now THAT'S hot.  Still no ears, though. 
http://twitpic.com/6biez - Still my dinner  *Waaaahh*
I woke up and got all excited because I couldn't feel any swelling, until I sat up   Still apples. Of pain.
G'night tweeple! Still mad I didn't get my g1 update  a little @charleshamilton b4 I sleep &amp; I'm outters  tweet ya l8ter
Still awake, almost 4:30. Still have sooo much to do 
spending this sunday morning in a cafe with internet. Still no internet at home! 
Ironing sucks. Still needs to be done, though 
How did I sleep so late? I thought I'd fixed my body clock to get me up nice and early  Still, off for a run!
@abbiezed Still doesnt answer my question tho  do you happen to have any sciency contacts lol
@PaulHarriott If you ever hear how to get rid of that I'd really like to know. I've blocked and un subscribed. Still nada. 
I feel like i'm the one who was partying last night. Still haven't gotten to sleep and my head feels swimmy. 
not happy about the weather. Still not getting through more work though 
Getting ready for church. Still coughing up my lungs for no reason. Looks like I won't be moving as soon as I'd hoped 
doesn't know if she can skate today. Still dizzy and now hungover too. 
My feet still hurts.  But I seriously miss walking the runway. I wanna do it again! :| ) Still have curly hair.
I really miss my perfect little orange wallet. Still have yet to find a suitable replacement  It was so small and handy... sigh...
I wish my kitty could turn into a real woman. But then again, she's been de-sexed  Still fine for cuddling in bed though. *pets*
@MinorcanMaven Still not enough though, I was hoping I could someday quit my job and blog full time, but that's just a pipe dream now.  
@magicalsprite thanks, but we just lost  Still great to be out
I want new HyperDunkssss!  Still the best basketball shoe, ever. 
Going to get some lunch and relax a bit. Still disappointed in the cavs tho 
OK. Off to the 'rents. Still no word on my poor, lost phone.  
My face.. is done to the fullest. Still mad at mark for bustin my door and hit my face 
Massage appointment at 12. Still unable to move I'm so sore! 
I hiked 11 miles up a glacier yesterday also this is the 1st time i've been on my comp in 4 days. Still no real cell coverage till thurs 
ah the joy of being the family tech support guy   Still now I know how to restore registry hives from a restore point with a livecd :-/
Doing more riding today while the weather is still good.  Still gotta head out to the cemetery to pick up the wreaths...do not want 
Should have gone on a bike ride today but never quite happened  Still enjoyed the sun though 
Is hungry! Still in toronto, I don't wanna go home but I must 
Our guild managed realm first champion of ulduar tonight... Still no Aesirs edge for me tho 
is waiting for daddy-o to bring home chinese fooooood! Still sick 
Driving my hubby to his office... Still sleepy... 
Tutorial is no longer on for the class I have today. A very jubilant hallelujah from me on that account! Still must got to uni though. 
@rebzondaroad its 9:30 pm .... Still bored  http://myloc.me/2f7N
Pressure in head causing headache. Still zero sympathy from parents 
being watching the hills S3 all day. Still not feeling well, it sucks hard 
Being sick really isn't fun. Still have to go into tech though 
Goood morning everyone!!!! Still working on my bloody  essay  why can't i be a robot - then i would b probably finished already 
another day another dollar. Still in pain. 
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH. Still suffering from the sun 
@maxyRO uhm.... I use orbit(chewing gum), but it becomes addictive  Still, it is a way to get the yawning away(or else others will yawn 2)
@MsSexay I'm late but it's all good. I'll explain it. I woke up at 5:30 and left at 7. Still gonna be late   I figured it out now tho.
I'm on letter D now. Still a long way through the whole alphabet. 
@loveandbooze  I'll have one for you...  Still haven't quit, don't seem to possess the @Stang5_0 willpower I guess.  
@a_willow I've tried to keep up. Still lots I haven't seen. 
@ScruffyPanther I'm here. Still have me. 
@squint_squad21 Still feeling bad?  
@stacig http://twitpic.com/6eri9 - Still looking so cute even though he is a sick little munchkin 
After 19 months of living in my current apt, found a sealed box of clothes. Still couldn't find my button-fly pants though 
@HelenWayte It probably would've been half if I had more. Still craving chocolate but I ate it all.   ... I'm gonna be very fat one day.
relaxing before going to work. Still not finished cleaning. 
@motelbedtrash awww thanks :') that helps . Still sucks hate drama 
Less than 12 hours. Slightly less likely to fail. Still highly probable though 
Still wondering what Meats surprise is.Still didn't get an answer 
Wondering what Meats surprise is.Still didn't get an answer 
So many new games, can't wait!  sad I will have to find some new people to play with, oh well! Still can't wait!
Still awaiting a call from her interview  keep your fingers crossed. Still looking for a job
Tummyache. Still. 
@WerewolfEmbry :hugs you back carefully: Still hurts much? 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/6g6ms - Whhhhhhhhhhy did you take out your angel bites?!  Still incredibly gorgeous.
@WiselyChosen Still??  did you try it again?...i hate updating anything on twitter...you saved your background as a jpg right?
I'm deep &amp; sensitive ... Apparently!! I feel neither deep nor sensitive right now!  Still feel awful, but trying to sty positive. There's
Get over chino just yet! Still hurts just like the first day no alcohol or vacay has been able to fix it  I can only pray n have faith
Oh, I was getting used to no bleeding  Still, just the one draw today, and the food remains good. Now I'm typing.
@weisslu I had a dream a couple of nights ago that S had died. Still freaks the shit out of me. 
pc running 50% faster after a couple of bios tweaks. I wonder how much faster I can get it? Still takes 70 secs to load Dontstayin page 
Last day of school. Still had to drag the oldest out of bed............. 
@RedOnHerHead Still haven't gotten round to making that picture  lol
running to school now. Still feeling really poorly  Eeesh
Wow no one is at school yet  i shall sit here and wait......i'm waiting....  Still waiting
@katiegb_78 How are u? I miss tweeting w/ u! How's ur mom? Still can't go online at home... 
Would have liked to be in the car on the way home more than half an hour ago. Still shoveling debris, though... 
@ohi_sarah Aww you do care  you missed me. Still no birthday card though 
@mizrik good 2 hear.  Still waiting on our ihop luncheon. 
Any luck with getting WENB back up and running lads. Still down for me 
So hungry! Still waiting to get my hairs cut. 
Still sick  This really sucks....: Still sick  This really sucks.... http://tinyurl.com/p32osq
@bAdybrOwnHuNnY nothin much. Still sick 
@crdbl :-/  I feel fine Still wanna play ball wit me 
@GarrettMcCord I had forgotten about tht  Still...time to make a little trip there maybe?
Changing tires on my car ... Still had winter tires on in june 
@LizLemonCologne Ahw  Still hope you'll reach your destination soon!
Stranded in my car for the night  Still feelin' nautious...
Feeling better this morning ... determind for the rest of the week to go better. Still feel v.disappointed in myself for my behaviour  ...
Svimmel. Still have math, and little phone battery 
yes, hayfever here too and I already have dry skin around my nose   Still, am being hard core and not taking any remedies!!
@carldavies cheers. Still no phone call I reckon they will wait till the end of the day 
Bad day at the range today  Still can't drive. Heading 2 gym now
breakfast time. Still tired 
At the ymca with a client. Still nasty outside, i guess the pool might not happen today 
@Mrmario92 Still cant make it on Wednesdays 
has an upper-respiratory infection (and NOT the swine flu!) Still, she's on anti-biotics for the 4th time this year! Not fun 
Is about to get my lunch...... Still haven't finished my grant 
@priscillabus U said last wk that u were going to do the tkt comp differently this week?Still no evening comp has been done 4 us workers 
so fck it then, couldn't expect ne more or less.. Still sick n now i got a gay ass fever ..i need some1 to take care of me 
Just got my ipod hooked up with twitter in my settings going to tweet more often now. Still sick though  good night!
@THEORACLE2 yea girl I did! Still don't have a ticket though  who r u going with?
@katespace awwww.  Still at least you'll be heading home so that's good. 
At work  can't wait to get out !!!!!!! Still long ways
finally hm frm work after 2hr traffic, thnk god the bank line was short, now i can relax and await my hair apptmnt. Still raining 
We have been riding in taxi for 1.5hrs. Still in traffic. Looks like we're going to miss our flight 
Just woke up from a nap. Still kinda tired :/ I want some red and green sour patch a lot of people ate them in class today 
The apt got rented right after we looked at it. Still need a place to live. 
Wow I got lots of complements today about my beatles tee! Still feel like crap inside and out  
@talimack thankfully wasn't me. Still dead koala, sad 
@TheRaeRae Still won't let me comment 
Just kidding, of course...though I wish I could be a part of some late night blogtv/skype/tokbox sessions    Still living w/parents sucks.
I have no internet! Still using phone. 
Finally weekend! Still have tons of studying to do tho! 
Doing same day edit, and working on presentation. Still haven't eaten or showered 
@snw , TNT hasn't been here yet they seem to like the 4pm slot. Still hoping, but probably not.. 
I've just woke up! Still tired 
Here goes nothing.  I am going to try to go back to work today.  Still not 100% but I am so broke 
finally got everything out of the rent house yesterday and cleaned it up.  Still have my car and a truck camper over there though  
@mdhyo aww! That sucks. Still, wish I was there 
I've spent a significant percentage of the day in bed, trying to recover from a nasty cold. Still feeling pretty rough... 
laid out for like an hour. Still feeling kind of sick though 
@Jwyl oh dear  you still get to go to SantaBarbara later or is that cancelled now? Still, you get hugs and scrummy food 
 becca told me i would start to feel better after food. Still stressing about this exam...more revision in a bit.
My phone officially doesn't work -_- i can still make calls and recieve but i cant see my screen  Still waiting for a new phone
@MichaelJurewitz Still getting access denied 
So tired now and full from meal only half hour ago. Still got 15 mins to go before home. 
Wow ... Still stuck at work  lame shit
@ClaspClasp ah that explains it I got the regular one. Still think I should have gotten a bonus disc or something 
@john_bruno omg. Congrats. Still kinda sad tho  but very xcitng
Going to have a cat. Still not sure if it's a good idea. 
@iheartjuicebox girl I'm a mess...... Still in bed and feeling so so shit 
has had anxiety for a good part of today. Still feelin' it now even though I'm home from work.  I need to find a different job A.S.A.P.!!!
I have nothing good/happy/productive to tweet about.  Still sick.
Any advice for a dead flip video? Still not working and doesn't seem to have a reset button like the mino....is this right? 
@CaliSmiles06 you got one more tweet &amp; I wasn't in it!  Still Y!2n? MUKS6D
Still tired.  Still needing to just lie down. 
@garryinnorfolk @tobiefysh Still none received by text as yet!  I do like the idea of vodafone eating my tweets. 
I am home now. Still have no credit. 
Meeting today that I dread, after that I am off to Pittsburgh to watch a dance show.  Still not sleeping well.  I miss being alert. 
Up and at 'em.  Still have a cold.  
@missheidi At least they weren't $450 shoes! Still though... 
@ryanwoolies Its the tagging I need to do. Still... 4000+ photos is a lot of tags  Need to work out physical org as well I think.
@IllusiveMcSorly LOL! I'm totally safe. I grew up here - and I'm armed if needed. ;) Still no moose  I really want them to visit!
@1_0man No, not yet. I think it's over cuz my dad had the same thing. Still, I won't lie, I'm starving 
i did absolutely nothing today apart from watching telly and surfing on the internet :/ Still sad and lonely.  cant wait for tomorrow!!!!!
@frabjousday Damnit you're right. Still not asleep. 
@ComcastBonnie Still having major problems.  Haven't been disconnected, but was experiencing &gt;50% packet loss on 5k byte packets today. 
@overlandsi lol, have one for me ok  both of ya, i wanna go out. Still exams to write tho 
Family time hope this goes well.... Still disappointed 
Twitterfox doesn't work to well with Vimperator  Still love Vimperator 
Finally on the road to go back home. Just five more hours. Still gotta do my homework and quiz 
In a bad mood!! Still trying to figure a way to get to work tomorrow, not looking good 
@joeymcintyre aawww...I didn't get picked  I understand. Still brining a couple of books.
I'm sick of waiting for the game. Still have a long ways to go too  there's nothing good on tv.
Just woke up from napping.. Still feel like poo.  
Today has been crappy. Still packing and feeling sick. 
What a weekend @pin0grigi0 and I had. Not good. And it's not over yet. Still waiting for it flight to leve. Already 2 hours late. 
Watching the sonny with a chance marathon. I feel nauseas. Not because of what I'm watchong but because of my kidney. Still. 
Wished I was watching @dateline on east coast time.  Still have to wait 3 more hours.  
He put me on bombay last week. Over here again on it again. Still not home 
@jaykpurdy when are yall going to come to Florida we feel so unloved  you guys haven't come here yet what's up with that ? Still love yea
@lancearmstrong http://twitpic.com/6vb49 - Still no work 
went out to dinner, got very sick after. Still have all that leftover dessert in the fridge and I can't eat it  No exercise either 
I'm headed back in my cave. Still feeling sick 
@mamadrama I'm totally going to try! It's been my plan all along. Still bummed you aren't coming. 
@xiDamagex Still waiting to know what I did wrong 
Working out. Still haven't done any homeowk 
Ugh... Still have glass in my head from the crash! 
@lisasamples OMG, he's so cute I could eat him up! We applied to rescue a 4 year old black lab/black german shepherd mix. Still waiting! 
@trafficsounds It wasn't so much their prices for me as the idiosyncratic selection. No good looking for something specific there. Still, 
So here we are again, monday morning  Still only four days for me this week 
@ZiiGGie I already did!! I wanted to know what it was for.. Clearly it did nothing.. Still trying to figure it out 
Feeling groggy after getting up late (forgot to set the clock), and rushing to the train station. Still, only a week to go... 
@kiwibastard yeah I found a similar issue. Still waiting for the change to be approved. 3 weeks now 
Mondays  Thank god it's my day off today.. Still having trouble waking up and I'm already awake for 2 hours LOL..
@louisebolotin Would you believe a bit of rain! Although fete at weekend was good fun and enjoyed good weather. Still struggling for web 
Oh myyyy, is it thundering and raining anywhere else ?? Still hot outside tho 
On my way to first day of internship. Still feelin a little sick  but lets do it!
http://tinyurl.com/ks2hql  what a wonderful world we live in. Still, we can't be seen to be abusing anyones rights can we.
@sambrook I'll go with no. Still want to work for the beeb now and then 
@kristianc Haha shhh! Still achey today as well. I mustn't be sleeping properly or somehing.  boo!
*yawn* good morning.  Looking at dresses today! -- Still trying to figure out the house thing. 
@andybeckwith bah! You and your sun :-D Still I have tmrw off myself (just in time for the rain) 
@IdleThumbs Yikes. I hope that won't jeopardize the PC version since that's the one I want. Still pretty disappointing. 
Just got home from tanning. Still hungover. 
@JavaMamaBuzz I'm ok, just bad allergies, stress and I never got to get that foot checked out. Still hurts I know I broke it 
I am sure British gas are responsible for the chilly nights, need more sunshine and sleep. Still have work to mark and lessons to plan 
Feeling like failure. Probably just hormones. Still... woe is me 
@DJAinsley_K woooovveeeeeemmmmppp..hahah I kno xactly what u mean..love it. T2 is too long tho. Still good but not great. 
@HITMAN1063 no such luck.....not any better. Still no reaction to the antibiotics 
With friends places. Still sick 
@SuZqZ10 now I can follow you on twitter. Still not happy about you leaving facebook! 
I hate to do this but...I'm cancelling L2 class tonight. Still hella sick! 
@corsair7 he's a great guy, funny funny dude! Still ragin with kitten, no medicine!!!  need to check that movie asap!!!
Reading inspiring &amp; creative blogs on the net, need all the help I can get. Still can't find other hervey bay artists on here 
And is everything okay? Still rattled from today? Or have things calmed down..i feel bad, though there wasn't really anything i could do 
At lil sis's volleyball game. Still feelng dazed from this cold 
Just getting up from a bomb ass nap!!! Still tired though did alot today 
It was absolutely beautiful!! Yes she looked amazing. I will post pics on thurs. Still don't have cable at my new place!!  @rareblkpearl
Eating some dinner. It was a long day ! Still not home and I miss chris soo much!  This sucks !!  
Going to sleep.  Still in pain.  
cheeseburger was pretty fun...still didnt win karaoke. The girl that knew EVERYONE won.  sucks. Still had fun tho.
Some #V pilot episode details have changed - http://www.visitorsite.net (Still haven't seen it for myself!  )
A little more than one week to go! Still 2 more exams to be done. A pity I see everything as a qeue after yesterday 
@sprinkles_  not bad althoughI still have things to get and I'm skint now!  ah well I'll sort something out. Still got that cake to takle!
@sn00pyj Still got an upset stomach - feel v dodgy. Seems a diet of raw ginger and plain toast yesterday wasn't enough to send it packing 
sooooo yeah.  It's 3:44.....A.M.........and I just ate a bowl of cheerios.  Still jacked up on coffee.....I want to sleep but I can't. 
Ugh... Sitting in the airpost im super tired and super bored. I want to sleep. Still 20minutes before we even load the plane  save me
How long does it take for a sprained ankle to heal? That's a self diagnosis btw. It's been 2 friggin weeks! Still swollen. 
writing the formal letters, doing Pyschology assignment and more thinking. Still have the bad tummy. 
I really wish i could just go home and sleep. Still dont feel good.  _-Imissyoudlh-_
Thanks for all the tips on the un-mighty mouse. Still doesn't scroll down after a vigorous rub 
@prestonlowe it's okay... Still not unpacked but I will make do here--- I miss my condo 
had the saddest/scariest dream EVER. Still kinda shook up 
@amcewen you should see the crazy requests I get - makes your chocolate spread look perfectly reasonable. Still though, no can do 
Not a bad day today. Still no #AdobeCS4 upgrade though 
#ncwx rain tapering off. Still too wet to go out to lunch 
1 hour later... Still at the dr.   I think I'm dying. 
@failingwords exams. Still have 8 left while most of my friends only have 4 or 5  sucks.
They had to special order my steel-toe shoes in (since they didn't carry sizes that small in the store). Still not here! 
I got my printer  Still waiting for laptop 
So happy I didn't go to the mall! Still not getting ANY twits sent to my phone 
On board the bus.. Still have the crappy feeling from yesterday.. 
@evafalconi I want to go to sleep, Still have a lot to study for tomorrows exam 
@SteveHills Not a peep. Still 22 hours and 52 mins to go... 
@RobbieBrewer All the reviews we read were great... Still don't have it up yet though. 
@CRISCOKIDD haha we're in the same boat I just poured myself a glass of Moscoto..... Still tryin 2unwind from my weekend 
@jessicapalmer Then don't read my lastest tweet!   Still at work?
@annabethblue that's a really cool feature. Hopefully you'll get a blackberry version. Still no contacts like Twitterena 
@JeremiahDaws oh well... I know it was down earlier, and hoped it would be up by end of day...   I was wrong.  Still, perhaps later.
Just woke up! Not got enough sleep!  Still feeling sleepy...
@McGuirePaul: Still devastated you are playing no where near my future place of life.  I've missed the past two tours.
@cowboybomb I'm online... Still not getting anything to my phone 
UGH!!! Still at work 
yeah great just spent 60 to change da stupid tyres n tube... Still at digi having meeting though 
@princessleah7x I feel the same ! I eating every hour ! Still don't know why am I so skinny ! 
I brought dark chocolate Digestives rather than milk chocolate  Still eating them though!
@stevenbryen prob take hours to download. Still haven't set up the new toys 
@MadGerald morning mate ... Still no luck on the sofa bed front then 
@migaruler hey., miga.. Still in school..uughhh..soo tired already.. 
@razzamatazz87 so do i! I'm desperate to go. Still got 3 weeks to go before I'm allowed 
ASDoc turned out to be the worst documentation software we were working with  Still sign for beta at http://www.useitbetter.com/
-@sadbuttrue LOL Now that's a circus show indeed. Still no joy with http://is.gd/14kgOn though 
@Cheeg she's with me now and said thanks! She'll be on facebook in a minute. Still not managed to convert her to twitter 
@Manxington yes, he's coming all the way over the pond.  Still not here 
@gargameljermel the only thing I'm missing this far is the option to delete. Still waiting for this damn software upgrade.  I hate waiting
50 hours left at girls state. Still homesick 
1 hour 45 minutes. Still on 128. 
STRESSED.. I really don't like the feeling when I'm in school.. Still on the first week, but there are already lots of work to do! 
worst job yet. But potentially great ! haha hope i get a site visit.  Still my ipod is dead  im missing it .
@illuminantceo Lived the dream twice already. Still here though 
Just woke up leaving to go home soon. Still tired 
The wind here is crazy. Still no internet service and jacks bday is tomorrow 
http://www.apple.com/iphone/softwareupdate/ iPhone updates look nice.  Still won't have MMS on my phone though, 
And it's morning hour at crazy hospital. Still sleepy. 
@jeffmangum haha! I got it! the dome is a little better! Thanks for asking! Still getting them off and on. 
Waiting sucks.... Still stuck in harrisburg... 
In bed... Still doing my legal homework... I am soo tired 
Beeen 9 days! Still unwell! 
Sitting on the plane, which should have taken off an hour ago. Still waiting. I could have slept an hour later.. 
@Sovidia Yez, sure sild. Still can't find them .. 
So the car troubles might not be as bad as I originally thought, but I can't get it back until tomorrow sometime.  Still stressed though. 
@willreinhardt Feeling your pain- I had that battle this morning. Still stuck on an ie6 issue 
I feel like shit. Still sick 
@Inusaki Still mad at you cause you aren't coming out for EDC.  j00 sux.
I have spent most of my afternoon lying in bed trying to feel better. It hasn't been a huge success. :/ Still feeling sick 
iPhone 3.0 loaded.  Still no MMS.    Still no ability to set different alert tones based on the txt msg sender.
English exam down. 4 more to go. Still feeling like crap 
@JackFread hey jack! Thanks for the well wishes! Still feel awful though 
@b0tz hmmm? Still not sure about it but either way.. You are right! Making fun of anybody is not cool   thx for the link!
@xLilahhx Wow - its all part of the fun though eh! Still can't wait to hear it, I will manage it somehow! Ive got lots to do with no time 
Tired! Still have to run to jae and get the truck. 
@julesey1 im fine. Still two month, till im coming to scotland 
From dark purple to... orange?!!!! Still feeling tad shitty 
Morning all. Still sulking at home in my pajamas 
Just got home and yeah, I miss my girl. Still 10 days away to see her  not cool!
@sethu470 No : Still searching for job  At present he is in my home town, will be back  in the next week. ekkadina vacancies untey cheppu
Nothing having a good night. Still thinking I'm left out and alone, cant get it out of my thoughts 
i have about 10 minutes to prison break. Still deciding what to wear for class outing tomorrow. Sadly we can only wear red 
Just got out of the shower. Still hurting. 
Today shall be grand. . . Not! Still burnt. 
just found out last nite that my stepdad went to jail for 6 months  I feel bad, but we knew it was coming. Still sucks!
Heading out now. Still tired tho.   Catch all later this evening/afternoon.
@matthewcrellin yea.  Pretttty sweet. Still no picture msgs for a while tho 
@tinvisiblegirl Yes  I am trying to help, but can't really afford to either.  It's a bit scary.  Still, kittens!  
Shopping time. Still haven't heard from the bf today 
Trying to get my name called on 102.5....Still no luck 
@timseppala They said &quot;next year&quot; so not this fall. No specific release date yet  Still can't wait though!
@joweyroden I had to wait 3 days to get an appointment with the genius people  Still waiting to get my mac back  Saddddddd no mac times!
@StevesMacFix yea. Still not working 
This ferry ain't gonna be sailing at midnight. Still not on board   http://bit.ly/AeW18
Getting ready to watch a movie... Still hangin from last night! 
http://twitpic.com/7r2ph - Still at work 
That is so cute!!  Still don't know how to twitpic  LOL
@veronicaeye It made me cry, too. Still kicking self 4 telling PunditGirl when it came out that that couldn't happen again.  
@Jfavreau I still dont want to talk about the playoffs. Still greiving. 
9:30 pm - just finished mowing the front yard &amp; it's still 92 degrees.  I hate heat.  Still have the back yard to do tomorrow night.  
Just finished my paper for class... YES!! Still got more work to do tho.... 
@fizzythoughts I know.  I just couldn't keep my eyes open.  Still need to get two posts written for tomorrow. 
@Brendacopeland wtf is a table flip? Still don't know. 
@deepbrowneyes thanks hun...she's not out of the woods yet  Still on life support..
Trashed Adium and downloaded it again. Still not working. It won't even start 
@max_chan Still having migraine today... It didn't stop even after I slept 
@EllerySweet she is! http://bit.ly/SuJN8  Still waiting for the best one to load 
@twheresweevil I just saw that lj entry. You have nooooooooo idea how much I would love to do that. Still haven't won a greencard though. 
is relaxing. Still got vault to do however, need some more pvp pieces  I want to arena now.
So I have new hair straightener and new makeup but no car  Still a few more days until I get it back. Looks like it's more tramming for me
My loneliness is killing me, and i, i must confess i still beleive (Still beleive).  this is not good.
@dawnd66 pay day?? What's that? Still got over a week to wait for mine  ooh, yeah get one with mobile internet on it!
Going to school now  Still no 3.0 jailbreak.
@Aniekie He sort of caved. Still wont tweet anything. 
Paking my stuff for a weekend with my dad. Still sick, didn't sleep tonight  But where ever I am, I'm still sick, so it doesn't mather...
Gooodnight twitter. Still finding a way on the web to wash my rainbows 
Not feeling well.....Still need to complete work in office 
My oh my I look fat. Still want sour sally  http://mypict.me/4qDP
@marjorielu How are they? Still the same? Aw, I miss you guys. 
Five weeks since fall on pelvic bone. Still can't put any weight on left cheek while sitting. 
@SingleSyllable Still in the office 
3hrs later.. Still on fire  http://yfrog.com/5a4mij
Not long left.  Still bored.... 
@Ptise sort of... Still need one for tomorrow.... 
Has realised he only really twitters when he is borrrreeed.  ooooops. Still standing on tottenham court road. Laaaame.
Home from a wk without web access... finally installed #seesmic desktop 0.3 &amp; things r looking up. Still sluggish on a netbook though 
@crisch Drinking low sodium V8. Still not enjoying...  I'm not a huge fan of tomatoes, tho.
@kookywitch I decided to stay at home, too. Still sick. And I really hate 8 am classes. 
@jessestrada @jessestrada @birdiee So sorry ladies. I called @alixrose, but I can't make it.  Still working, but wish I was w/u #crappy
Just got back from field day (end of school prty). Still no PC jailbreak or ipt2g jailbreak for 3.0 yet 
I take back what I said about summer thunderstorms. Still no power 
Bedtimeeee. Still miss kasey a lot 
I am starving. Still here at the dojo! 
@OZTROUBLEPR Still got shock from last weekend. 
....almost 2 months now after the approval of the refinance of our mortgage.  Still haven't closed yet.... sigh 
@gilbirmingham that's too bad   Still rooting for ya though!
@officialTila thts very true, you've shown that from Still remaining sain after your first two failed seasons  I'm so sorry. 
@Deemaah Still no luck 
@kaaathytraaan sorry my phone spelt it like that.... Still sad 
@cardiodoctor2be yes alot better thank u... Still have to live with awful news tho. 
On our way.... Still no breakfast   http://bit.ly/vpQU8
@imveggieiam I didn't say i was up. Still in bed. If i wake up and the sun's out, i can't seem to fall asleep again 
@audqtlc haha. I'm obsessed w shopping! Still waiting for my mom though.  what's taking her so long?? Aaaahh can't wait. ;)
@MattShield problem is, is it love? I saw Holly last night at a party.. Still really miss her 
Heading to queen street for topic #2. Still no inspiration for roll with it  #photomarathon
It's summer vacation, and what am I doing? Still babysitting my brohter. 
Decided to not wake up at 6 woke up at 8:30 instead! Still unbelievably tired 
how/why has rain evaded me all day today, when I have travelled fair distance today, all over the city. Still no sign of it 
I tried calling you. Still no answer. 
Just woke up. Still in bed 
@HanselDobbs Wish I was the same! Still sitting with a useless iPhone next to me... 
Correction: $11.50 pot of coffee.  Still not worth it. 
@BlaqueDeevaH aww too bad!!! I'm getting some 2eggs and bacon with hash browns...yum yum! Still waiting for it to come tho 
Getting lunch then off to the beach again. Still not feeling that great 
so glad it isn;t as hot today as yesterday...yet. Still can't shake this headache. 
@julieb1975 that's gorgeous. Still destroy me street for a week tho  #pikies
@Mentifisto yes , Still 2 ahead , @seoc most of my teacher are so understanding ppl but some of them are so so 
@kathAVFM Still not seeing it here.   Wish I could be of more help. I know it's frustrating.
@ddlovato - Awww, great timing  Still wish you the best of luck!
Just came back from a family get together, daughter fell and hurt her nose. Still upset about it now, poor thing. 
Missionaries had passport problems. Still havn't arrived  ya'll pray!
Just woke up. Still tired 
My sister &amp; I went back to the pet store. The corgi was gone. It wasn't meant to be. I want a little tri-colored one anyhow. Still, sad. 
GARGH look at the time! Still very awake. This is no good. 
Going job hunting monday since i'm off ... Still at work and a lot left to do  and i work again at 6:30am ...
Today had it's good and bad, had less flashbacks and general  - Still struggling
is up early again working  and then hopfully relaxing later today... but who knows? Still recovering from last night!
I've had a croissant, kit-kat and a bag of chips. Still hungry 
@rainingcandles  yea I'm no where that bad. Still over 3K in debt. No car. But a roof over head. They say it gets worse before better.
Just got up. Still tired after last night. Not gonna see my boyfriend today 
My sister has been married for a year!!! Where is my niece/newphew?? Still waiting  oh and when is it my turn to get married???
@wilsonworld Mostly.  Still a little achy.  Not sure if I'm healing or just drugged up.  
Just moved to our summer house. Its windy and chilly here. Still not summer here 
Bahhhh! Still scaredy, just ran out of the door 
Why do we have to leave the house at 7:40 when church starts at 10!?! Still trying to figure that one out! 
had utter cake fail - it was all crumbly and didn't leave the pan in one piece.  Still, the remnants taste nice.... *diet fail*
I'm sad that I didn't get the happy fathers day wake up from my girls. They spent the night at the grandparents.  Still no labor. 
@MollyIJ09 Still not sure how to work this thing....like what shows up on what page. 
After doing over 4500 searches I'm starting to get really sick of this. Still 1240 left to do, hopefully by end of the day 
@CircusBoy1 U do please. As I said - most of ur tweets are def.entertaining *g* I'm okay, thank u! Still missing my recently deceased cat 
Really miss my friends haven't got a text back yet  what are they doin'?Still can't wait to see them tomorrow!
weekly weigh in: lost less than 1lb. this week  disappointing after last week's 4lbs. Still the least I've weighed since 2004 though...
@aaroncorby wow. That's impressive. Still can't justify the upgrade costs though 
Out to lunch with the work crew. Still not feeling good 
@DarrenMcCall in your settings &quot;version&quot; but I don't need to know anymore. Still trying to figure out if I need to restore 
@nedrr they do, if you fantasize (A) Still can't fix the taste 
@dale__09 same actually. Still got ears ringing 
Feeling a bit lonely tonight  Still my secret love which is furniture shopping to do tomorrow!  Sxxx
Trying to find a boyfriend...Still no luck 
The massive boat dismantling went way better than expected. The water damage is also less than expected. Still damage though. 
@theiBlog It really is ridiculously hot. I have my front and back bedroom windows open to create a breeze. Still hot 
Needs sleep but cant fall asleep. Still hungry. N now im getting a huge headache. I have no energy. 
Showerrrr time!!!! Still hungry tho 
Everyone is sleeping but me.... Still worried the baby will wake up scared that he cant see me 
@dankarliner I haves dirty old one, but I've read all my rss feeds and I've got no new email. Still bored. 
Tired.. Still have a project 
I hate hiccups, Still got them from yesterday 
have to work today. Still missing someone 
Ah that's better, no direct run. Still bloody hot though 
has a half decent twitter app. Still no pic upload tho 
@TheKenJones Yeesh. Still not letting up, eh?  #spinalinjection
I hate when the car is hot. Still hot air is the worst 
I totally saved my job...took a hefty pay cut  But at least I have a guaranteed pay check... Still job hunting though...
bed time... must must.  Dry eyes, and throat because the fan has been on my all night.  Still so warm.  Not fun 
@SilverSkies Nothing much! You????? Still dwon with the flu...   
ok, goodknight tweet peeps, i mat be back later, most likely not. Still not feeling too good!  nite-nite all!
@biancaxchrista Thanks.  This week has been nothing but disappointments so I am not surprised. But Still blah Trying to find a new show.
@MSchechter Awww, thanks. Still feel really bad about that.   #carelessmistakeI'mstillkickingmyselfabout
@nerdi Where &quot;dark room&quot; = &quot;my bed huddled under a doona, yes. Still worried about it fogging though, and x-processing is expensive. 
@lifeswings nope.  Still on the search ! :&gt;
Going to school again. Still so tired 
Off to bed now. Still loney, lonely Brynnie. 
So hungry.Still in a meeting.. C'mon people.I need some food 
@mygdal I'm sure you will make a great #reboot11 opening! Still regret not to be there 
Morning all, we're in for another sunny day, yeah!! Still having to work though 
Leaving for work now. Still sleeeeeepy 
@NarinaExelby  - Still in frozen sutherland so can't join u. The wind is blowing SO hard here. watch the clip there  http://bit.ly/2nfq2
@smashlay are you  because of transformers? I was hoping for a :| myself, with a :} for my inner child..Still  cuz merc news said 1.5 *s
@Blowmo LOL i hate my life i want to be in beirut why this should happen to me uff Still two days left for beirut  and plz take off ur eye
On the bus ...boiling so it is ! Still dying from hayfever  its awful
wants to go back to bed. Still laying there at midnight trying to go to sleep 
I cant sleep!.. Still waiting the dream 
has pass all his modules yay! Still no placement though 
Current condition: Still sleepy, aches everywhere, knee still injured! 
@Tirial ah, thanks. Yes I think I should be blaming the uni network connection, not sourceforge. Still  though.
@BigPondTeam hi Tristo. Still no resolution 
@brzzzl #tangogps is just a mapping app, nothing you could really use for navigation  . Still waiting for real #navigation for #android
@lisa_s_also my dog got cancer right after my mother did- it's actually very common. Still sucks 
@AnotherJulia Still going, gradually improving but I'm getting it too now 
is off to a face paint workshop. no, not really, but I wish I was. Still at work 
10 blisters from last night's gig, 4 of which have turned/are turning into ulcers of sorts. Still, same gig tonight, again. 
I'm 20 years old. Doesn't feel any different. Still going to tons of shows &amp; causing trouble  with my girls. I guess that never gets old. 
@AcheronHades - B)(cont.) ...of the story, not just a do-over of the entire thing from the beginning. Still, was very good though! 
@9er  LOL! We posted the link at the same time. Still such a cutie. 
@timothydclark @wossy Still awesome 
Going to fair soon. I hate the fair. Still should be fun, no rides for me. 
Going prom dress shopping (finally!) .. Still haven't finished my homework lol 
Listening to: radio1's anniversary record from a bit back... Still sounds great, for a nice summer night 
@apshai Ahh, okay, I feel better now.  Still wish I were there, though.
It's been a while... Still hasn't done enough work...Always tomorrow 
http://twitpic.com/3k9o7 - Still recording acoustic guitars 
@GregKnottLeMond He was! Still for some reason I got taken by surprise by his statement, thinking; we really *do* love it, don't we?! 
@tnthresher yep. Still hate you. And I mean that with all my heart. 
My second tweet in two days.  Still no followers.   All I can do is follow the celebs and see what they are up to.   
Watching housebunnys. Still awake. 
@addiiee   thanks!Still are you on holidays?
@MrBastounis Sure did. The forest isn't far from me though. Still got a few funny looks 
@hem_iamy http://twitpic.com/3lk48 - WOW. Most impressive. Still really will never miss snow, no matter how distant... 
Trying to make sense of all the odd dreams I just had! Still halfway asleep... yaaaawn.... 
back to work... Still feel the consequences of a very good weekend 
Celebrating our anniversary @our favourite Italian restaurant. Still crazy in love! 
@annieqpr lol, i know. Still early days but all good so far. 
@amradelamin @ahmednaguib Yay and thank you ... I'm back with twitterfon  ... Still wonder if others can see my pic
@merc5555 i've stopped using clients now, use the free txt service from vodafone. Its fab! Still use client to get the celeb gossip! 
@GermainLussier I was gonna say.... Still hangin on? I'm holding you to that! 
@nat_ski Still need a laugh? U might get a chuckle out of 1 or 2 of these explicit stories doing the rounds.. http://www.imsobadatsex.com 
@cksolutions  I guess because they still don't have basic stuff like social bookmarking. Can olny share by email. Still love picasa 
@eisokant I don't know   seriously, perhaps it is not in having the question, but how it is asked. Still thinking..
my abs are ripping. not really, but i feel like it's a possibility. @jjmanton, Still awake and waiting for your call 
@yositako Belun. Still trying to hack it  re:kunci
Bills and finances are done. Still not sure if I should move out of Bonds. Going to sign up for lawn service today 
@momoyy12  You're very much welcome !  I feel bad for @DavidArchie for not being able to greet you on your day. Still, I hope you had fun!
@ramtops must be something in the air! Still - good excuse for hearty evening meal as a reward 
@JoanneDuran Lol Still stand by our statement though!!  x
OK, time to start getting ready for this meeting. Still avoiding cleaning... 
Dancing to ftsk and getting dressed. Still bored and wanting to do something! 
@scb4vp Still got 53 lbs to go. 
@josiejacobs Awww, thanks for trying.  Still looking forward to seeing the new hair pics. Also, were you able to decide on a new bikini?
@meanolmeany same here. Still looking for one. They all have the same message... 
@staHHr Still dope. 
Whaaats on the rest of the nights agenda?  Should be some good stuff. Still relaying for life. About 8 more hours! 
@datruss I brought back wisdom from a bunch of people I respect   Still processing though.
Just came home from work, so tired. Still spriiiingbreak 
@mandyconforth I used to add a lot of cream to risotto, but I strip it back.  Still use butter &amp; wine tho 
@helenotway yes, it will finish at 7:30 tonight. Still the food has been great as has been the discussion 
Thanks everyone for twittering with me. Still a newbie.. so if you have friends who you would like to invite here, please help a girl out 
My new design portfolio is finally on the web: http://www.designia.nl - Still needs some tweaking on the details but it's ok for now, 
My new design portfolio is finally online: http://www.designia.nl - Still needs some tweaking on the details but it's ok for now, 
@ditucci What kind of coach would I be if I didn't read all your tweets?    Still waiting on an non-dried afro picture.
@BreeOlson9 I see your date is showing you a good time    Still want a stripper picture 
@madfatter I just re-skinned. Still figuring why tweetsuite isn't updating 
@slmar LOL The sun is actually hiding at the moment!  Still, it looks like it should be a dry day for us as well as less windy 
@zoutman true it did. Still liked the idea of a spaceship better than a spacestation 
@lindawoods @pameladetlor it's a terrible disease for an entire family.  More support is needed so it's a good message to get out.  Still 
@diaperlover Last email I got from you was the &quot;I don't see what so fascinating  &quot; one. Still owe you a reply about why it's fascinating!
@k8dt I'm good thanks. Just waiting for youngest to be seen by hospital outpatients very long queue. Still chasing my recording friend 
@helga_hansen I'm envious! Still, almost time for me to head out for lunch now so I could always indulge myself 
staying at home with my baby girl again.  Still not feeling well, or really wants to watch cartoons, not sure which.  
http://twitpic.com/55bcu - Still getting this strange urge! Anyone bored yet, im certainly not.  #apprentice
@viceuk yeah, it was fun., bumped into some friends there so made for a good evening, thx. Still interested in broadcasting stag n dagger 
Some statistics: 5,000 new notes added over the last 6 days  Where are yours? Still attached to the fridge?
@aprylnikole no, I'm not. Still doesn't feel real...ask me again at like 2.15  haha
excuse me I mean twitter to previous post  Still learning the lingo any advice please let me know I'm still trying to figure this out
@matthires it's needing you. Still bummed you're gone :\ tell rahhell hey for me.  how's home?
@RockyRod Still don't see it going north...might want to revise!  
@sessisen Thanks  Still not used to it though.
@kristinajo,  it's been too long.  Still figuring out this whole twitter tweet thing... and meanwhile life.  Your fun to follow though! 
http://twitpic.com/5df3q Still fishing...I don't hate it but I'd rather be quilting 
@ThaRebeliouZ Still thinking of calling it quits with them? 
The sun's out  but my scooter is still scratched. Still, under 7 weeks until my big fat gay wedding 
@sethsimonds By the way - the people are right - I like the new avatar.  Still don't use tweetdeck the way you describe though 
Suprisingly feeling great!! Still studying..will head to the shops soon to get some groceries and make some dinner 
@Xarrion and isn't it awesome!  Still haven't watched the finale yet tho 
@melkins went well, almost too well- took about 15min in total. Still in a fair bit of pain but getting there. Cheers for asking! 
@nickybyrneoffic Still waiting for salad dressing recipe! 
@kinababy hahaha! Still not sleepy uh? ..that's wierd, because I am starting to feel sleepy  ...the song it's about rrrrrisa y rrrrrecuerd
Rather looking forwards to the end of this exam-minibundle. Still grinning. 
Just got done eating &amp; blending the leftovers for the weewees. Don't worry we eat healthy  Still in pain, but I'll survive 4 work 2morrow
@sweetlilmzmia Haha okay. Thanks   Still thinking thank you though
There will be a T6 too, but w/the way T5 is going they could seriously destroy the series. Still though... 2 more Terminators who knows 
@SnowyLucas Still trying to shake this silly cold  How are you doing today?
@tracy_tp Still, you made #17 on that list 
All surfaces downstairs are now sparkling. Still need to do floors and windows but I think it's time for a gaming break. 
@TEDchris Still, it's the people and the content that made it a great event. I was only the messenger 
@EhsEmDoubleU Still looking for a web developer? @pixeltalent can help 
@mattconfusion hi teo! yes here I am...quite strange, isn'it? Still I don't wht but here I am 
@navins haven't you been published before now? Still, well done 
@kruss73 Aww...you're a good misses. I am great! Wkend weather looks nice. Still have lots of work to do, but will take outside 
Just had the best period of all week. Still tired, but now i'm relaxed  and warm!
@Reynolds_x Haha i'm good and u? Still bored? 
@Nickeyh Still trying and it is looking better 
@sarahshah thanks for the post today.... one &quot;r&quot; in &quot;nocera&quot; though   How are you?  Still working on my storm spceial... never ending
@Ghaar43 At airport waiting to board at 9:42 local time for 10:17 liftoff. Still had to take my shoes (sandals) off! 
I don't know why we bother coming in on days like this - dead as a doornail. Still, off out for dinner - that'll cheer me up! 
Thanks  @frk_maria: &quot;When I was seven this was my favourite song. Still digg it!;D&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~6thz7
@kevin4540 ya it was just at some pool, nothing crazy LOL. Still fun though. 
@kbwagers We have a friend that we do that to...if it's 7:30...we tell him 7. Still hasn't caught on. 
@eddieizzard So does that mean you're back over here now for the forseeable? Still a million fantastic things to say about old blighty! 
