Most common words for this cluster:
[('stomach', 635), ('ache', 117), ('sick', 29), ('feels', 20), ('empty', 18), ('pains', 17), ('flu', 16), ('cramps', 16), ('pain', 15), ('upset', 13), ('bug', 11), ('something', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'stomach', 0.951706051826477), (u'stomache', 0.6572220325469971), (u'tummy', 0.6510820388793945), (u'stomachs', 0.6373012065887451), (u'famously_bruised_shin', 0.6115273833274841), (u'dizzy_nauseous', 0.5948206186294556), (u'intestinal_cramps', 0.5943670868873596), (u'Stomach', 0.5943591594696045), (u'fluey', 0.593008816242218), (u'joints_ached', 0.5922718644142151)]





came back from running and took a shower...why does my lower stomach still hurt after exercising? 
seeing that shouldnt have made my stomach flip like it did 
Mums soup made my stomach make nasty noises   
stomach ache 
has got an upset stomach 
UGH......I took medicine on an empty stomach  regretting it..........
i feel like i've been stabbed in the stomach 
stomach cramps are getting worse, struggling to walk now. 
my stomach is upset this morning. I think a treat would help, but I may barf if I stand up. mom says my tummy sounds are loud and gross. 
my stomach still hurts from last night 
hoping my stomach flu is finally gone 
@sangitashres me too   but i've accepted that my breathing and stomach will never be 100
@sangitashres me too  but i've accepted that my breathing, throat, and stomach will never be 100% while i'm in ktm
sick to my stomach with stress right now..     why can't life be more simple??
Ugh, I feel sick to my stomach 
My stomach has hurt ALL day.   Really sucks. ?
is tired and has an upset stomach 
just got done hanging out with sonie and benji. now my stomach is making disgusting noises b/c i'm hungry...make it stop. 
stomach ache 
Holy cow. I feel like shxiet!  stomach flu?  maybe!
@sap30 I just saw your post to me from awhile ago.  He's gorgeous!  I don't like the hair on his stomach though.  
My stomach is killing me 
@renn @souldsurfer88 @edial the mexican is not nice for my stomach though.. or 
I feel a little sick in the stomach. I'm going to miss you.  And all your silly quirks...
has a sore stomach 
my stomach is hurting 
After having the stomach flu for 3 days I feel a little better 
*sigh* - how is that despite watching my diet to the extent my stomach is still rumbling after lunch, i've managed to bust my carb limit? 
stomach flu/ear infection =   why am i not getting any better??
but really, I'm so tired--I'm sick to my stomach...and I just can't sleep! 
Part of me thinks I have the latest stomach bug that's going round. Now is *not* the time to be getting ill 
@kiranerdcore dudee i have a horrible stomach ache too  this sucks
I think my stomach is digesting itself, but I'm sick so don't feel like eating 
is trying to find artwork for the paper...And his stomach is feeling uneasy. 
Mondays = blah days - i have a knot in the pit of my stomach that won't go away 
Really rough night, must have picked up a stomach bug somewhere 
doctor says inflammation of stomach lining. gave me meds for peptic ulcer 
ughhhh! i feel like crap too  my stomach is killing me!
stomach cramps 
I have a stomach ache. 
stomach ain't feeling so great right now 
Oh no  rly bad stomach ache.
Feels like my stomach is going to explode 
omg my stomach is not feeling right... I feel blah 
Feels like crap,ugh! Queezy stomach  back to work at 3
Supposed to be in work but I have really bad stomach pains, don't know why. :S 
 worried about the bf. He's been having pains on the left side of his stomach. If it doesn't get better soon we're going to see the doctor
watching stomp the yard,&amp; my stomach hurrts  no schooool monday or tuesdaaay(:
And that weather celebration has lead to an upset stomach  
my stomach is killing me right now. ow ow. 
I hate feeling sick to my stomach.... 
so hungry... my stomach is growling at me. i need a maid 
Having trouble sleeping. I feel sad &amp; lonely... &amp; to top it all off I am feeling sick to my stomach. 
my stomach swelled, i forgot to seal it before i worked out 
stomach ache 
i can't sleep.  my stomach hurtss
@cigolio well my stomach is hurting me so it's keeping me up 
@tjlawrence Those stomach pains after kebabs are yet to put me off 
My stomach feels like It's going to explode.  i don't want to be sick!
My stomach is such a problem. 
Suffering from a stomach pain.. 
I have odd pains in my stomach. 
 Doesn't know what to eat! What would you eat on very sensitive stomach after being sick?
i cant sleep cause my stomach is growling 
ive had a knot in my stomach all day and iono why 
turned out that my throat and stomach can't stand 2 nights of karaoke in a row... 
I love waking up with an uber stomach ache! 
My stomach is churning, surely this cant be it for us? 
ugly massive pit in my stomach. 
is sick to her stomach. 
ugh mcdonalds is a danzer tone to my stomach ever since i saw 'supersize me' 
Stomach ache.  What in the world did I eat to make my stomach feel this way.
my stomach still feels just as bad as it did this morning, if not worse. 
Long day,for whatever reason this stomach ache is killing me... can't sleep.... 
some more having a bad stomach cramp.. 
My stomach is keeping me awake  why am I hungry?!?
about to go to school. my stomach is hurting 
My stomach is seriously hurting 
My stomach hurtsss 
has bad pains in her stomach 
my stomach is turning  I hate thiss.
going to sleep(: tired and my stomach I'd killing me/: hiccups too 
Oof, my stomach is killing me.  It hurts from the pit of my stomach to the small of my back. Something's wrong...
@SavageMike  goodnite.. i had a horrible stomach ache at 3 am yesterday.. so i didnt get sleep 
I must in diet...  but my stomach hurt..
accidentily swallowed a Strefen lozenge and is slightly worried he's going to get a stomach ulcer!!! 
woke up with a stomach ache! 
I need something to reduce this stomach pains....   
My stomach is hurt 
woke up with a stomach ache!!! 
Only ate half my breakfast - stomach is still not very happy 
at home in bed caught a stomach virus from my little one.  This is no fun 
my stomach is sick. damn. where are my beautiful earrings ?! can't find them 
Thinks the henny and the jack are battling in my stomach 
ugh not feeling good. stupid stomach. I'm so tired 
stomach ache from the disappointment of not seeing your faces this weekend. 
My stomach is about to explode 
@alicolb unfortunatly it's more about the things i put in my stomach.  lol
i just woke up with a pretty bad stomach ache 
My stomach is actually rumbling 
feeling sick to my stomach.  too much sugar before (not) going to bed??
my stomach still hurts. 
stomach ache. 
@anniegxxx I'm poorly hun sore throat,headache,stomach ache 
@irishhitman67 first, no one has to tell you you're amazing, you'll tell all of us. And ewwww for empty stomach workouts. You poor thing. 
@dylanmm no the stomach is being a whore again  
My stomach aches Its been cramping since last week 
@saidiehawkins  don't yell at your stomach. its allowed to be hungry.
stomach ache AND homework.  bleh.
@rugzdbewler hardly working lol. I think I got a stomach virus 
CSS-ing on an empty stomach without resources and google = headache. can't mem'rize.  but was able to do it anyway. :-D weeeee
@BongoBongx omnom. what i'd do for an ice lolly right now. my stomach wouldn't cope with it at the moment though 
@xbllygbsn  sore stomach or..? :$. they do? was that who was phoning? :$.
At work still feeling like I'm being punched in the stomach... 
got the stomach bug 
I never had a stomach problem.. Until now  lol.
got REALLY bad stomach cramp and can't remember what time I took a tablet! 
I'm hungry and have a stomach ache at the same time. Not fun... 
Up most of the night with stomach pains, must be antibiotics 
My stomach feels funny  *eugh*
My stomach still hurts  feel my pain?
I have a stomach ache. It hurts! 
I have THE sorest stomach 
managed to stuff dinner to her stomach. :&amp; *wants to eat more*  http://plurk.com/p/vgprj
what happen with my stomach? it hurt soo bad.. 
Shaking stomach flipping........god i hate this!  
I've been feeling sick to my stomach since I got up 
just woke up. still feeling blah. ive had the stomach virus. 
My stomach reallly hurts 
Just got homey, went straight to my bed, this stomach ache is killing meeeeee 
Oh noes. I have the stomach flu. 
Ive got a huge stomach ache 
stomach full of alcohol 
I don't know how to sleep with out sleeping on my stomach  booo!
This shit makes my stomach churn 
my stomach is killer right now 
taking vitamins on an empty stomach = not such a good idea 
omg sore stomach feell really sick 
...is dealing with the end of 24 hour stomach flu 
Ugh wednesday begins with an unusual assortment of stomach pains 
Has the stomach flu  or maybe jst a hang over? No its a stomach flu 
Horrible stomach ache 
Just been woken up by serious stomach pain  trying to get back to sleep now...
My stomach hurtsssss 
- heated arguments does a number on my stomach. 
Although I am happy to be on vacation, my stomach is not. 
My stomach really hurts... 
feels sick to my stomach and idkk whyy 
my stomach feels like it's touching the ground..i'm SO full 
My stomach is killing me do j can't sleep 
My stomach is killing me do I can't sleep 
sick to my stomach.. and i have a headache.. i wish someone could come rub my temples. 
hmm. I'm disappointed. I made 2 servings, and I am only able to enjoy one because my stomach is now full  wishing I had company to help.
Just wrote lyrics to my new song exciting!I slept on a full stomach again it's the worst feeling waking up and still feeling full  euggh
Feeling sick at stomach today 
i'm still full from the buffet at palms.  my stomach actually hurts. ugh gluttony bites.
i dont feel good! sick to my stomach 
i feel extra-nauseous all of a sudden, like my stomach wasn't ready to resume peristalsis after the events of two nights prior 
Has that feeling like when you want to cry but you dont so you get that empty feeling in your stomach and your throat starts to hurt. 
I'm way to hungry to even think. I can't go to work on an empty stomach like this 
@XavierMathews not sexy with 2 tubes sticking out of my stomach  but thanks !
my stomach is bleh! 
stomach cramps; sat in bed with a hot water bottle having some hot milk &amp; toast, i feel like a wi girl again :') minus the stomach cramps 
I have a stomach ache... Totally sucks 
has a mallory-weiss tear in her stomach and gastritis...  needless to say my stomach is killing me from my scope today 
this cheese is fuckin up my stomach 
milkshake + hot day = unsettled stomach 
stomach ache 
...once again fighting a losing battle against my stomach 
My stomach is growling. 
So basically i think i have five pounds of food sitting in my stomach 
Friends that I spent the last few days with are all down with the same stomach bug. I really hope I don't get it. 
the sharp pains in my stomach.....put me in a coma please 
home earlyyyy. stupid stomach ache  going to bed. gnight &lt;3
My stomach is deteriorating. Ouchhhh  pray for me?
my stomach is keeeeling me  rub it?
My stomach really hurts... 
@jeanneendo But..  but..  I don't have a virtual stomach!! 
My stomach is acting up again  I might be intolerant/allergic to coffee beans maybe? That would reeally suck though
My brother has a bottomless stomach... and he stole my lunch... 
@LabiosSupreme noooo my stomach is hurtin soooo bad!!! I'm jus layin on the sofa...I hate this 
i feel like shit i totaly fucked up my neck/back on the spine.....fucked up my stomach and jaw to 
My stomach was killing me last night about 1 which was not gd 
I have a freaking stomach ache from eating too much 
My stomach is gurgly.... and I'm bored 
@stephie70 was just told they found something in her stomach. She is having surgery to get it out now 
I got a stomach ache 
you my stomach is killin me slowly the more i sit here..ugh... 
uncle has cancer and might have to get his stomach taken out. 
my day is almost over but my stomach is killin me  i jus need to lay down
stomach ache! 
stomach ache!! 
my stomach hurtsssss 
Never excersise on an empty stomach 
ps my stomach is very sore from all of this coughing 
my stomach hoits 
feels sick to my stomach and really really tired 
Working at a restaurant on an empty stomach 
stomach ache 
I woke up to a v upset stomach 
I am beginning to think my stomach hates me... 
Ugh dinner isn't agreeing with my stomach 
sooo tired and i have a stomach ache 
My stomach is making noises like a car that needs oiling...I am extremely worried 
I hate these stomach aches that wake me up from my sleep n keep me up! Doesn't my stomach know I have to work tomorrow? 
ok, this stomach ache is not funny anymore! 
I feel sick to my stomach  *BeautifulyLost
@LeonnieFM well I usually don't drink ^^ most of them are gone, but the stomach is still not ready for any input, sad 
My stomach looks so big 
Now I have a stomach ache 
My stomach really hurts. 
just burned my stomach on the oven 
ugh i feel sick to my stomach i think i ate something bad 
has an upset stomach.. 
Watching TV. Serious acid stomach. 2 slugs of pepto, 5 Tums, no relief! 
has a stomach ache 
tonight i'm the tired where i feel nauseous and dizzy. and my stomach is bothering me. 
I have severe stomach ache I'm in so much pain 
back to babysitting, is having some stomach pains 
I have some sort of mega stomach ache of death, I'm going to bed 
home...nursing an upset stomach 
woke with a queasy stomach and couldn't eat breakfast now I'm starving 
my stomach is so big like a ball 
seriously need to go to bed with a tight stomach 
Really bad stomach cramps 
my stomach is tossing and turning. just sit still for a little bit, stomach, please? 
stomach-ache isn't nice 
@tanreyes - yep, my stomach is a protozoa habitat apparently.  how've you been tan? 
my stomach aches 
an alien would think there was a lion inside my stomach  I'M HUNGRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY i'm going to die
roller coaster in my stomach 
my stomach reallllly hurts 
had a never ending stomach-ache really painfull. 
I feel really sick to my stomach... I want to go home 
Wats wrong wit my stomach?!?!?! 
oh gawd..weird stomach pains.. I hope this don't mean another vomiting rampage..again... 
My stomach feels like its eating itself from the inside 
I feel an upset stomach coming... 
i feel sick 2 my stomach .. litteraly 
Horrible stomach ache  I don't even know what I ate that triggered it.
my stomach is full  and it's hurting like usual
@dragontatt I like it too, but my stomach *hates* it raw. 
It's really unfortunate when your girlfriend slugs you in the stomach with her purse for no real reason.  
I have an odd, pensive, nervous feeling in the pit of my stomach as I prepare for bed and I can't figure out why. 
Is feeling sick to his stomach ... 
Just woke up from the weirdest dream with severe stomach pains...I feel nauseous 
i am getting such sore stomach cramps atm..  x
needs a new bed and for this stomach bug to go away. I can't sleep. 
ugh this is making me feel sick to my stomach I think I might just throw up! 
having stomach pain today  like knives sticking into my body  it's not my longs because I can breath normally.. :s
@TheFeatureMag Chillaxin...except for this stomach ache from drinking too many protein shakes 
Something is terribly wrong with my stomach. 
got a sore stomach 
wants to go home already, been up since 3 w/ a stomach ache 
My stomach feels like it's been used as a punching bag. 
is recovering from a stomach bug 
I'm not sure my stomach liked that quesadila 
totally *hating* my bi-polar stomach 
I have to end my love affair with pork  or at least put it on the backburner for awhilw again...my poor stomach!!
My stomach is not settled at all 
I ate alot for supper and now I am having stomach cramp. 
UGH, my stomach feels like it's going to jump out of my throat 
I have horrible stomach cramps rn and I don't know why 
Also, my stomach is having a bad day 
feeling sorry for myself as i have unbelievable stomach cramps! 
is dealing with the worst stomach pain that you could think of. I feel like throwing up 
somthin beatin my stomach up!....damn 
bad stomach ache 
this water is hurting my stomach  and my mouth and neck...
I need to get somethin on my stomach before I pass out 
is feeling unwell  stomach acting up...
oohh ... my stomach !! it hurts 
got awful stomach cramps this morning and i can hardly walk. And i have two exams 
@ozdj that green is so green - it is making my stomach churn 
stomach's aching  - is it because i ate like hog 
woke up @ 11 due to bad bad stomach cramps  french, doctors, then oxford street!
I feel sick to my stomach 
i want to go back to sleep but housing is haunting me so i'm going to call them first. i feel sick to my stomach 
Both boys have a stomach bug    I am officialy saying uncle....
Oh man getting knots in my stomach 
I'm pretty sure my stomach has waged war against me. 
@abdel1988 awh i'm srry  how? &amp; because i can't do anything because i have this sharp pain in my stomach  xo
Starbucks coffee is getting to my stomach now.. Not good 
Ever since u told me that my stomach has been hurting. 
My stomach frequently feels ill after eating in our cafeteria. 
fitness test = giant stomach ache 
my stomach is killing me 
my stomach is rumbling  x
@AdrienneSimone iunno, my freaking stomach is freaking out! 
Has an upset stomach 
@EnglishBoxer hormonal LOL got stomach ache  bored, tired LOL how you feeling?
mental note: do not work out on an empty stomach! 
stomach is telling me that i downed my dinner too quickly just now... 
woke up with a stomach ache  it'll go away in 3,2,1..haha i'm all better!
Such a stomach ache today.... I just want to be under the covers 
@home eating some fruit cocktail. I can't seem to shake this stomach ache from last night.  #fb
what's the best thing to take/eat for an upset stomach? mine's killing me... 
stomach cramps are out to ruin my lifee i swear 
my stomach has been acting funny  this is not good for this weekend.
my stomach strikes again 
Butterflies in my stomach....i want it to go away 
stomach is aching. pumping really hard  awts
is so hungover. had two chicken parmas last night and didnt stomach either of them. 
At the recital...  sick to my stomach
i feel sick to my stomach 
stomach ache 
Craaaap why did I eat cereal? I am going to have the nastiest burps in the morning. I hate morning-after-milk-stomach. 
empty. my feeling. my brain. my stomach. my wallet. my cards 
stomach ache..... 
My stupid stomach is acting up again 
stomach ache to hell 
stucked by traffic in sudirman, mean while worms in my stomach can't stop singing 
need to lose weight i'm starting to feel my stomach when i sit down!!   so not cool!! walking everywhere from now on...
my stomach aches. 
My stomach pains just don't want to let up. I should be leaving out in a few and I just don't see that happening 
feels his stomach groaning but he doesn't want to eat...  http://plurk.com/p/yuw38
feeling better   I was sick during these 3 days I had a stomach flu  but now i'm good uff 
I never thought that chugging half a bottle of water would make my stomach feel really funky 
 i am sick of being poorly now, it''s been a month of stomach problems and i'm fed up now
It sucks to have the stomach flu on the same day they shut off the water to work on the lines.  
I don't think that cocktail of painkillers I took for my back earlier is doing my stomach any good either right now 
What is wrong with me, my stomach drops and my heart skips a beat when I see her name 
has an upset stomach 
i feel sick to my stomach 
@skibabe12 thats stinks. i got sunburned on my shins and my stomach  and i had sunscreen on!!
Feels like stomach is trying to kill me and keep me from my friends 
Currently curled up in the fatal position trying to get rid of the weird pain that's traveling from my ribs to my stomach  make it go away
Ugh sick. I have a fever, I passed out, my throat is on fire, I can barely move, and my stomach feels like its been punched. 
falafel induced stomach ache 
accidentally eat super spicy food. Now my stomach is growling and i cant stop sweating 
my stomach is saying fuck you to that pizza 
@Ollande_u as we wait my stomach growls 
i have a really bad stomach ache 
i swear cookout food is either disgusting or i have a sensitive stomach. either way i feel sick 
ugghhh. been having this pain in my stomach all day 
Ugh I knew it I hate brazilian food its gross now my stomach is upset 
my stomach still hearts.. guess because of the pineapple i ate.. 
You know you're getting old when your stomach can't handle the same foods as it used to. 
My stomach is killing me  Ugggggh...
having rreally bad stomach pains! 
going to take samson to the university for a stomach procedure   
My sunburns hurt to much to even sleep on my side/stomach 
it's 6:50 am... i woke up 20 mins ago! sleeepppp sleeep sleeppp.. but i cant cause of this pain in my stomach 
has an upset stomach..  http://plurk.com/p/z0b2y
i have a massive stomach ache 
how can some make you weak to the knees and others weak to the stomach..... 
has not been able to fall asleep because of this ugly stomach ache. I wish my beb was here. He always knows how make feel better 
I need to go to sleep. The sun is coming out. I've just got major stomach problems. 
going to go to sleep on an empty stomach 
im still ill!!!!! i think its eating that is making me ill coz whenever i eat i get an awful pain in my stomach   #jonaskevin 1581st post!
 can't sleep, but so tired I'm sick to my stomach! I hate it when that happens!
Is it true that it's better to go yoga on an empty stomach? I guess no breakfast on sundays then... 
Ughhh, my stomach is still killing me 
stomach ache 
my stomach was hurting 
@xntrek the stomach won.  At least i made pancakes. 
i cannot sleep with an empty stomach 
my stomach is killing me 
stomach crampssssssss 
sick in the pit of my stomach 
ugh... i have an upset stomach...ugh ... i no feel good 
feels sick to his stomach. i feel empty inside. im so sad 
Still have a toothache and now a stomach ache 
hoping it's not a stomach virus... 
@Batgrl0909 yeah, i have some nasty stomach flu  did you go to keith's party?
I've got a really bad stomach ache 
@1adrianneal o nothin much, about to get up and get somethin to eat...my stomach is cursin me out 
@samar_here whatever you do, don't eat a fourth time! or you'll end up with a stomach ache like mine! 
I have this stomach thing going on and it aint pretty   hahha,
My stomach is in pain!  but im pretty. So bonus!
@sistakga that's what i was drinking before my stomach got upset 
I don't understand why my stomach hates me so much  what did I do to you stomachhh?!!?
I have a stomach ache 
I'm feeling sick to my stomach because of this. 
There's something in my stomach! What is it? Its hurt! 
I have a fever stomach pains and my body hurts from my neck down my feet. I don't know was wrong with me. 
Shit, this coke gave me a bit of a stomach ache.  damn.
My stomach is defying me 
i have a stomach ache 
stomach from tea  too much sugar on empty stomach...
stomach ache from tea  too much sugar on empty stomach...
@jaschin19 omg me too! i need my stomach pumped lol 
Ugh, my stomach does NOT like this mcgriddle! 
I kind of feel like I've been punched in the stomach 
frapuchino bad move, even more upset stomach now 
I have a stomach ache...12 hours ahead of me too 
My stomach is killing me.. I really feel sick 
slowly dying from some stomach bug.......................   
@jnyemb  I hope you feel better soon... nothing is worse than a stomach bug!
@AndreaVerdura I'm on medication and it's totally messing with my stomach 
I have a horrible stomach ache. 
something is wrong with my stomach 
@milkshakex3 in bed with a stomach ache  urghh. + you?
My stomach is apparently furious about something.  
I have a really bad stomach ache   it is so not fun maybe some naps will help.......
Oh lawd....these noodles messin with my stomach.  what is going on with my digestive system?!
Nothing like a stomach bug to throw off your whole day 
My stomach feels very strange; definitely shouldn't have eaten last night 
says I vommitted everything in my stomach  http://plurk.com/p/1170xf
rolling around with my growling stomach 
My stomach hurts... :/ It can't decide if it's hungry or nauseas...  but my dad is making dinner and is forcing me to eat ughhhhh
: my stomach aches..  http://plurk.com/p/117ner
Feeling sick... in the stomach 
Blehh need to tone up my stomach. I wish I had abs instead of flub. 
my stomach is hurting. 
@phoenix_life I'm sorry  I have a lot of stomach aches. They suck.
My stomach is talking . im starving 
I have the HUGEST headache ever. It hurts so bad it's keeping me awake and making me sick to my stomach. It sucks! 
My stomach is starting to hurtttt 
stomach ache 
my stomach is in knots!!  i barely slept last night 
up early with a stomach ache 
@aichannn yeah stomach ulcers. i've had them since i was 8 
such a sore stomach/chest 
...just watched a video and my heart fell to the ground...stomach in knots... 
wanting food but stomach keeps rejecting 
@meganintime I've got a really bad stomach flu. 
woke up to a bad stomach ache, feels like my entire tummy is a giant pin cushion of pain 
out with grandma and grandpa. have a headache  and my stomach doesnt feel good.
I'm pretty sure my stomach is staging a revolt. 
My stomach still doesn't feel right 
My stomach hates me! I can't make this statement enough! 
my stomach is not a fan of me  debating on hitting up the bh or not tonight...
just woke up from being sick with a 102 temp stomach ache dizzyness and more 
@ddubstweetheart yeah apparently the stomach flu is going around my office 
feels like he just got punched in the stomach. Not even sick. 
my stomach is killing me, this is NO fun 
have you ever drunk so much soda that u can actually feel it in ur stomach? i just accidently didi that and its not a pleasent feeling!! 
im getting slightly tired of this ongoing stomach ache 
oh tasty twist.. you tasted soo good. but i don't appreciate the stomach ache 
cheesesteak fucked with my stomach 
I would really like it if my stomach would get along with food and stop making me feel so sick 
My stomach hates me... 
lemon-lime kool aid makes my stomach hurt 
feeling unwell..kinda weird with my stomach 
Bad stomach ache right now. 
is feeling sick to her stomach 
I am feeling sick to my stomach just thinking about going back 
No more kettle corn on an empty stomach 4 me!!!.....owwww!.... 
I have a bad stomach ache.. in less than a week.. 
i dont feel good at all..my stomach is killing me.. 
I feel really sick to my stomach. 
feels sick to my stomach... 
cadillac + yardhouse = sore stomach   #squarespace #pardonmyfrench
stomach making those irritating shitty feeling. 
stomach ache 
My stomach is straight bubblin right now. Ughhhh 
Ahh! I'll die from this stomach ache   
is momentarily depressed...and has a stomach ache 
Nauseous again. I hate my stomach. 
my stomach is feeling funny  i love the new look of my webbby. and my dad's keyboard is screwed up!
Has a icky feeling stomach 
now has a stomach more suited to a pregnant woman  
@JazzybyNature I think its stomach virus  I really feel like dying
My stomach aches badly. 
my stomach hates me ... and it's going to hate me more after (or during) my shred...  
@milogray has a stomach virus. 
steak came out bad ppl stomach is startin 2 hurt 
stomach pains again     OUCH
My stomach is killing me 
Yay for throwing up at camp  i think the chili didnt agree with my stomach!
i really wish i could find out what's causing my stomach issues  i'm so sick of the pains!!
I have a weird feeling in my stomach  is this good or bad?
I think I pulled a muscle in my stomach. I really don't know how. Hurts like hell though 
anoyyed, getting bugged about school! and i feel sick in my stomach   
that now i have a headache &amp; i'm sick to my stomach 
@thesmartmama my stomach is churning just thinking about it 
I was gunna go grocery shopping, but now my stomach hurtss. 
my stomach hurtz  ... it feels like a fat man is sitting on it
My stomach is hurting really bad 
I hope I feel better for tomorrow, stupid stomach 
feel like crap. stomach ache. headache. on my own and looking after my dog.  x
Having a stomach cramp. 
i woke up with the worst stomach ache 
my stomach is upset. 
My stomach feels strange.  I think I know why.
Drinking juice to prepare for breaking the fast. I have energy but my stomach isn't happy. And I thought eating again was going to be fun 
back from virginia. got a stomach ache  but hopefully it will go away so i can go swim two miles like i so desire...
@maggz is it just a stomach flu? He sounds like he's been through hell. 
my throat, head, and stomach are hurting.. i hope im not getting sick my first day at the beach  that would only happen to me.
Sour apricots are great, but now my stomach is upset   4 hrs to go....
@ZtotheIG my stomach is killing me, I guess I need some baking soda.....right?! 
my stomach is in knots.....  
having a stomach ache 
damn I got ahead of myself now my stomach hurting after 3 glasses. nooooo  lol
I have got such a sore stomach!!! At home sulking 
Man work soon and i feel sick to my stomach 
Has a stomach ache 
it's too late and i have to go for sleep but god damn it my stomach is growling!!!grrrrrr 
@MelissaPan lol that was so funny xD  melissa i have really bad stomach cramps 
I have a stomach ache 
stomach hurt in the morning, ouch! 
I feel yucky because my stomach cramp so bad. 
I've got a weird feeling in the put of my stomach now. 
sour stomach 
@Mstiffevans girl I cnt think about tht my stomach is in pain. 
what the hell stomach? i can hear you loooooud and clear. 
Just found out fruit loops makes me terribly sick  i been eating healthy so they jack my stomach up 
My stomach doesn't feel good  i know i shouldn't have rushed to eat dinner.
just hoping this stomach not kill me.....aaarrrgggghhhhh....... 
woke up with a stomach ache 
is in the throws (literally) of a really horrible sickness bug  sympathy please....and a new stomach.
ouch! ouch! my stomach cramps... 
ugg just ate mcdeath. I can feel myself getting fatter. now my stomach is upset. 
Hates the sick feeling in my stomach 
Really bad stomach ache 
my stomach hurt........I wish he wasn't at work so he could rub my tummy 
right...i have the worst stomach ache ever 
I learned my lesson, never take pills on an empty stomach 
feeling so pain in my stomach. 
proper bad stomach ache 
my stomach still hurts   up early. going running. maybe i'll feel better.
Running on an empty stomach, not a good idea. 
I have a stomach ache 
Not feeling well today...I've been having stomach pains a lot lately...might have to swallow the pill and actually go see a doctor. 
My stomach is killing me !@&amp;~* ugh 
@ITsZxKIMMIE lol my stomach is growling 
I've got the stomach flu 
Wow my stomach must REALLY hate me or something 
stomach ache. bad times! 
is home, wasabi nuts didnt do IT for my poor stomach 
has a stupid stomach ache and fever 
I am feeling really sick to my stomach 
dang husband... running late and not telling me.  I think my stomach is digesting itself 
I need medicine or pills for my head, chest, throat, nose, and stomach 
My stomach really hurts  blood doesnt taste good!
I have a terrible stomach ache. 
@happilybarefoot no @ the movies......bad feeling in my stomach now....would appreciate if u would fill me in! 
man my stomach is starting to hurt 
just lost my e-meal...stomach all icky.... 
@WhitneyFleming That story literally made my stomach turn when I read it online.  I thought he had been careless, but.... so wrong.  
stomach ache 
@cln0103 Lots of bugs going 'round; just making it up &amp; about from a bad bout of stomach virus 
stomach's been acting up 
just woke up with god awful stomach cramps! Owwww 
ughhh leftovers are making my stomach crampy and un-hungry 
my stomach is really hurting 
Home's still the best place afterall. I'm having stomach aches 
tired of stomach ache and now it's moving over towards the spine.. 
Just woke up... To a stomach ache... 
my stomach is turning. why did this happen? :| 
Oh god. I think my stomach is falling out. 
@ work with a major stomach ache....... 
stomach feels upset... probably too much coffee 
Owwww....  my stomach is hurtin.....i should not have drank pop
i have a stomach ache 
i have an empty brain-stomach  - my mind has eaten virtually nothing but cheetos for, like 3 days straight !
I feel so sick to my stomach 
uhhh got a reallyy bad stomach ache! mall plans canceled!! 
I have so much acid in my stomach I may keel over &amp; die. I need some food 
omg my stomach is still killing me!!! ooowww 
Feeling sick on my stomach 
stuck at work till 11 but i have a stomach ache!!!   
Is having really odd stabbing stomach pains  is what??
ohhhh, I don't feel sooooo good  my stomach is going crrrrrazy
stabbing stomach ache 
@LBsassybelle I have a big sinking feeling in my stomach at the moment 
has this awful feeling in the pit of her stomach 
I dreamd last nite that my stomach was bleeding badly n I was spitting out blood :S i never remember dreams. y do i only remember bad 1s 
i got a stomach ache  didn go to skool today!!!
@MicahT0078 actually I can't stomach the margarita's...I got really sick off of them awhile ago and my stomach is still not liking them 
@MrsBusyBody21 The lunch apparently decided to turn against me. I've had a stomach ache since 6p (my time). 
why do i have a stomach ache?  fml
i pretty much have a really bad stomach ache 
Massive stomach ache. 
i can't do this anymore i almost fainted  this stomach is really really argh
Wishes her stomach was feeling better 
my stomach's muscle is aching..  maybe i laugh too hard...
my stomach's muscle is aching..  maybe i laugh too hard during the play of badminton...
Ugh. This stomach ache is keeping me awake. 
My stomach is rebelling....  
sushi killed me  my stomach is dyingggggg
I hate eating too much? it's making my stomach go upset 
you make me feel sick to my stomach 
being punished by a stomach ache for being greedy for mangoes yday. 
however, i woke up with a bitchin stomach ache. 
i have a pain in the side of my stomach 
At work trying not to fall asleep or give in to the stomach ache 
i'm feeling not so good xD my stomach is hurting 
It feels like there is a hole in the pit of my stomach.  hurrrrts
my stomach hurttsss! fasho. 
Ugh I feel sick to my stomach. 
my stomach is sunburned. 
Probably. My stomach is rawr  I had a $60 dinner
Has a stomach ache 
I just got knocked in the stomach  It killed @stfujdizzlexp and I's love baby 
Totally feels like i just got punched in the stomach. I feel terrible 
my stomach hurtssssssss. idk why though 
I ate some chicken pasta...and now my stomach is hurting! 
@cobiegoesboom artificial sweeteners don't play nice with my stomach anyway.  
have coffee stomach... aaahhhh!  need food... stomach lining being eaten away... 
I feel sick in my stomach just ate a huge pack of #Twisties and now I'm full but sickly full :S 
@laurensmash The caffeine was making me sick to my stomach.  And since I was always drinking it, I was always sick...no fun!
I'm feeling completly sick to my stomach 
am really irritated with my stomach now 
I feel there is 500 kgs of food in my stomach..feeling sick  http://myloc.me/5exf
@HectorLozano I have a terrible pain in my stomach!!! 
My nerves are wrecking my stomach.  I wish it'd stop.
I am trying natural remedies for my stomach ache, but nothing seems to work 
i feel really fat again, and my stomach is still killing me! 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/8899m - you got a little dude with yours?! so unfair.. all i got was a stomach ache 
just woke up and have a really crap stomach cramps 
Ugh, got a stomach ache when i'm trying to sleep! 
The verdict is in and I have the stomach flu. 
stomach ache 
There is a thunderstorm inside my stomach 
and i strained a muscle in my stomach from coughing so much!! it hurts 
god i feel so fucking weird - strange anxious feeling in stomach 
My stomach is killing me! seriously, feel like I ate something bad 
Ugh up early and sick to my stomach. Not good 
Feels super sick to her stomach 
Bad stomach ache 
I hate going to bed on an empty stomach.. 
releived that my stomach ache didn't turn to..... uh.... throw up..... 
Freaking stomach flu kept me up.  I guess no sleep for me.
i am ill , i'm burnin' up (for u babe lol) headache and stomach cramps 
Butterflies in my stomach-- I want to hate you but I can't 
My stomach is still punishing me 
i have big stomach ache ouch 
stomach ache suck. 
got so sick last night.. my stomach still feels so queezy  cuddling w olive to make me feel better haha
McSpicy and 2 regular pizzas. How much more can my stomach hold? 
@juliarygaard Is your stomach feeling better? 
excited as the storms are starting to slowly come in   sad that my stomach hates my medicine :/
@rene_kaiser not sure if my stomach will be happy... but we will see 
@SagakureVK hopes you don't get sick.. but then again, you have Pureblood ability with an iron stomach.. you're going to be okay.. 
