Most common words for this cluster:
[('store', 294), ('mall', 132), ('shopping', 109), ('grocery', 91), ('walmart', 71), ('shop', 55), ('target', 54), ('ikea', 49), ('stores', 44), ('today', 29), ('http', 26), ('com', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'store', 0.8779147267341614), (u'stores', 0.7754641175270081), (u'mall', 0.7654781341552734), (u'Walmart', 0.7582385540008545), (u'supermarket', 0.7218788266181946), (u'grocery_store', 0.7196402549743652), (u'Wal_Mart', 0.7135152816772461), (u'Wal_mart', 0.706725537776947), (u'K_mart', 0.70192950963974), (u'Ulta_Beauty', 0.7017145752906799)]





Borders closed at 10 
I don't want to study, i want to go shopping instead!! 
Oh no, it's a Harrods day  now I really will be sick.
wants to go Shopping! 
@revjesse Ahahah   if only it were hot enough!! I want to work elsewhere... like stacking shelves in some grotty shop 
Off to The lumberyard  
@annaxautopsy well frankmusik is on the uk store but we can't buy it from there... 
@WholeFoods nearest store is 5 miles away 
Whittards is gone, habitat's going, and IKEA's gone shit...what's the point in living anymore?! 
Free E-waste event today in Eastlake at the Walmart. You all should come by until 3. And I see the irony in it being at Walmart 
I'm dying of a stuffed up nose ... gotta get to the grocery store for food and afrin - that is if I can breath till then 
word to the wise: never buy porno from a gas-station or liquor store. the chicks probabl are covered by giant moles, ruins the purpose. 
I hate hate hate Target on saturdays 
couldn't get into a record store 
I am in a chocolate store against my will  gross...
I'm so heart borken!  I found two amazing shirts but can only buy one! Shopping is a dangerous obsession!
Grocery shopping... 
@tiffanyblews danggg. I can buy almost the whole store 
disappointed at the Chanel store @ Dubai Mall, I expected so much and found too little  not happy at all
@amandatrumbo It's kinda freezing in our store. 
Finally heading to the party. Emergency vehicles just arrived at Kroger and took out a stretcher. 
So sad I tried on like a million things at Nordstrom and nothing worked! 
we need to go shopping together!! 
@fabispereira we need to go shopping together!! 
The ghetto Safeway had shards of glass stuck to the pickle jars tonight. No more late-night pickle buying adventures. 
@farre I went to BJs (like Costco) &amp; they had NOTHING I wanted &amp; walked out empty-handed.  Usually have luck there so I check there 1st. 
@iMaria69 ack, lakeline mall?!? you were just right around the corner from me  aww pity I didn't see earlier
@ItsJamesNewman When I worked at Target, I found one marked down like 90%. I put it aside to buy it, but never did. 
i just finished working though, it is getting dark outside *sigh* i wanted to go shopping  ?????????????????????????????????????????
@SirCrumpet store 1.1 is out! no buying though 
I lost my keys  and the store key was on there. I really don't know what to do 
Being forced to go to Borders. 
BAck to Walmart to get the pills that they didn't have ready when they said they did 
Is getting ready to go slave away at the Gap. 
Getting ready to go to grocery store...watching it rain 
Is Costco then yard.  I am hoping for rain so I may be excused from another day of mowing my lawn.
@fatally_yours  we dont have trader joes' in fl. we actually have a very poor healthfood store selection here  I need to move lol
why does the mall have to close at 6 on sundays? 
is sleepy and she wants to go shopping. 
Doing three errands in one large shopping center that doesn't have covered sidewalks. W/o rain I'd walk btwn stores instead of reparking 
@FriscoInferno haha! I actually had a pair. They were sold at Target; no sign of them since. That makes me sad. 
Wants to walk to the store for dessert but its raining 
@chicsndvl  I was looking for it. But Target doesn't carry any 
Wow! I think everyone's at Kmart. 
@WilyOdysseus  I know I know! I tried to buy a ticket at the store but the machine was down and now it's to late 
I got bacon at the store, but could not find baconnaise. 
I'm soo tired   Later - shopping that's when I have to hit a starbucks
i just realised that even if there was a massive swine flu outbreak, i would still not be able to loot an Alko or a Supermarket 
@ChalkOLet I'm filing a report now  I'm temped to go to the store and bust some heads....
My mom didn't go to Kroger last night, that means no milk therefore no cereal.  my hopes crushed
back in waterville... no comic stores near by, so no fcbd for me 
@carlsjr The store next to me closed  Now I have to drive really far away to get food 
At the store, trying to budget shop 
So pissed off at Walmart... Cutting my hours again. 
went to the grocery store and there were all these 'made in mexico' stickers on fruit...so sad 
Wow, it's amazing how desolate the Metreon is. 95% of the businesses are gone. 
@BigTeazeToys working  ! but at least it's at a sex toy store!!!
They do not carry sizes my small in the store 
So CVS didnt didnt have cake mix, whipped cream, or rocky road ice cream....not my favorite place 
@emoisforluvers it seems to be all the good shops that go out of business. Like Woolworths 
I woke up toooo early got 3 hours to kill in barcelona before I leave what should I do? Shops are closed... 
lamp purchased, bought and assymbled. To bad Walmart doesn't price match walmart.com  #walmart
@ruchikabhalla omg how I miss WaWa runs at random hours living at RU. There isn't a WaWa in sight here  lucky you
@ninjamoeba sorry to hear that  I had my wallet stolen in the Morley Galleria Target once. That event turned me into a epic snob.
I really don't suit being up this early  didn't know shops are not bloody open until 11 !!
Disgracefull. IKEA have put the price of breakfast up by 55%. 
Lovely day yday with friends - ultimate pet show, bullring, urban pie, Ikea and chinese. Today's trashy TV plans scuppered as TV broken. 
Maternity shopping not going well. The shops I like don't do maternity. It's making shopping stressful and I can't even hit the vino 
Kmart ran out of the color ink I need and the comp. stores are closed... so I'm printing the rest of my grad. invites in grayscale. 
@keithmcarthur no.  ups doesn't think they lost it, but i had rogers put a trace on it anyway. i should have gone to the store!
Going to Home Depot to get my computer desk then off to Best Buy to get an iPhone case that @eRock recommended. Then to Walmart 
@bearabledeals I hate it when the cashiers act like you are stealing if you use coupons. 
@eightbitss Swedish meatballs from IKEA are the greatest advert for kittykat food  Atleast they are not raw though ;)
@coffeeaddict12 That sucks.  Petco needs more people. And less customers. And fewer pets. Actually, all they need is a room and couch.
is thinking about going to the 24 hour Walmart 'cause it's open and has power. Iunno where it is though 
@JohnHinnant I've got a craving for cookies at 11:30pm... when are we getting a grocery store downtown?  
left my phone at PacSun.  no texting for a whole 24 hours 
anyone knows how to troubleshoot a podcast in the itunes music store... mine is not showing the description once you subscribe to it... 
Spending last few minutes on computer b4 goin 2 Ikea 
@55SecretStreet great store and they donated great pieces, now to get them. 
Up and getting ready. Now wal mart 
Just was helpin a really hot foreign guy, but we didn't have his cigarettes so he went to Walgreens 
damn it i have to get ready for shopping and i hate going out on sundays 
So I bought a pair of Bose over the ear headphones, they work great!  An earpiece fell off though and Target wouldn't take them back!!  
Home atlast, mann I didn't get to go to the mall 
@Marcs316 Aww.  I haven't really played with it too much yet but like what I see so far.
@glennyt @TheSwelleLife had some boots with such slippery soles that I fell over in them about 15 times. Shop wouldn't take them back 
@alaero it is when its my intertube outlet 
Wondering why the sweet shop in cockburn street doesn't sell bubblegum calls for my jenni 
making my gonococcus bacteria for bio2, ewww. i need some string though and i am not about to go to the store for it. laaamme 
@HotForTweets I need chocolate now but don't feel like driving to the store 
Oh the joys of the Walmart lines in south OKC 
my throat hurts  someone remind me to run to CVS in the morning
I wish I could go...I have to be at the shop. 
Getting ready to do the monthly food shop! 
My feet are killing me from all that walking around the shops! I can't believe after being so excited I forgot to go into the apple shop! 
is worried that one hamster will kill the other =/ maybe i should take one back to Petco. 
@BAWLSGuarana bawls does not fuel me anymore it's not in any stores here anymore 
man, not having a grocery store in my building is really fking me up now. i was spoiled for a year and didn't know it 
@jazzymejiaonly noo, we only have like 3 hollisters in canada, i have to drive to toronto to go shopping ahha  for you its like around
work soon. *sigh* I wish I was successful! Kinda hard to be a successful Safeway Grocery boy  yay for being paid to be walked all over!
@papajohns ripped me off tonight delivery was 45 min late and showed up cold. can't reach anyone at store so had to reheat my own pizza 
@NutTheSquirrel I tried this at Target with condoms and got kicked out 
@maeband: i wish you were back at chain 
Its raining so I can't take pics for my shop   -  we're off to Ikea instead
Ralphs voice is gone, mine is packing it's bags to follow him 
Pushing the grocery trolley 
@ConnorJack the forum and the store are took down. and the other language are teken down 
Has been to Costco for a jacket spud and is back revising 
Mall for prom dress! But after cleaning 
LLBean is out of every single item I wanted to order 
I bought chocolate at the supermarket and they charged me but didn't pack it - so no choc 
@jakepjohnson I told you IKEA was bad for you. 
@KaulitzToyzXD awww  well I guess I'll just have to go to Blockbuster then...lol
@mlorelle i have to be at the trailer at 2, and i need to run by the grocery. 
@julesyog We were talking about them yesterday, but I have yet to experience them. No Ikea round here that I know of 
@dangartley I believe you can have the screen replaced at your local apple store for $150. 
Alllllll byyyyy myyyyyselffffff....just imagine me singing it as I walk around the store. I am lonely!!  
@sammiechacha  At a jewelry spot in a mall.
Aw i wanted to go to the toy store! 
@CelticCrossing We don't really have any health food stores here 
@tinaism323 boo.  i couldn't make it. i woke up too late and had to do prom makeup. i bet you.. when we meet.. it'll be at a store!
ugh, the store again. 4 days in a row 
has very tired eyes. :'-( ahhhhh CVS. X-(  http://plurk.com/p/uipah
@hanaabanana Mart just told me to check online banking...but I can't face it! 
going to the gorcery store to buy meat 
@toodlenoodle hehe i actually like Ikea, i was just frustrated and very disappointed in the office chair section 
Just sent email respectfully withdrawing from IGA conference. 
@PaperCakes i think my store is prepping to get some new stuff in. their shelves were pretty empty. i miss my michaels!!! it got closed. 
@Lttljay awh that sucks  i really hope i get it soon, we dont have asda, so going to look in every other shop til i get it xoxox
@jenniebellie Also boo to not good shopping.  
@tasshh i know it sucks D: i even tried in the american store but it still didn't work 
@thegirlsilver Are they making you return the shopping ? 
so the rain cancelled my trip to CVS  ... stupid rain!
back to Acme. it's a bit strange...not being tutored anymore 
Off to the grocery store. No more veggies at home 
Wish I was going to the apple store opening 
At in orbit mall vashi. I get depressed in malls. Some bad old memories 
@AModernMother Schools here refuse to use baked goods any longer. Everything is required to be prepackaged from a store now. 
is sad the cherries did not make it home from the grocery store  http://plurk.com/p/vhuze
Leaving apple store 
breaking down and getting a coffee    and some awesome cherries I just found at IGA!!!!
bugger it - must go do my shopping 
@MsJBell Haha, I feel nauseous in the checkout line at the grocery store. In this tabloid culture I feel like a freak. 
@imsoapee Retail, and home warranties. If it was mostly retail I'd do better on the new scale, but guess what? We do mostly home warranty 
My shopping diet has spawned a new creativity for my closet... but I still miss it. 
@iamally why no shops? 
Short one night time med because new CVS doesn't have 24 hr pharmacy, just 24 hr store.  
Today I wanted two things: P.F. Chang's in Memphis and a Target visit. We got lost on 240 trying to get to the Target first. No Chinese. 
@Syo_of_the_dead I met a stranger just 10 min ago. He was stalking me at the store 
Walmart opening its first store in Amritsar tomorrow (of all places)...the horror..hoping its limited to wholesale 
I hate covering for other stores 
The weather is SO nice! And there were so many hot guys in town, I felt like a kid in a candy store. Except all the candies are straight 
@Jaisaphira I agree, however I can't sell  until I'm a full brick &amp; motar store...  soon though hopefully
@hippyofdoom I didn't even get a chance to shop @ Aldi! 
@chrisrcook Since the demise of Woolworths it isn't easy to find reasonably priced pick n mix anywhere 
Off to Dollarama -- I wish I had a new job 
i hope i can find a store to take us 
Just dusted &amp; vacuumed apartment.  I think I need another new vacuum...my entire apartment is smoky.  I just bought this one from Kmart 
Walmart bails on sponsorship! 
Dreading the weekly grocery shopping. 
I need to get my act together. At the mall again instead of studying 
wondering if my local Borders is going to make it. Lots of bare shelves... It makes me sad 
@brran1 that really sucks - I think I might cry if I skipped over anything important I don't have. Comps are getting to be disposable 
@SherylBreuker I hate that Costco always costs us so much money 
Shelf from Ikea fell off the wall. damage done...about $78.95 worth. Or at least thats my estimate. 
@ChantelleDaily sold out in 6 stores, i don't think so 
lost my keys at the mall... took me 45 mins to find them 
 the sing store won't work.
Just got back from the grocery store. Now I'm starving and can't find anything to eat! 
http://twitpic.com/67ot5 - the most amazing decoration of a store i've ever seen... &amp; it's almost been 2 years 
@rachyzilla still haven't been to the infamous liverpool store  my manager helped set it up said it's awesome (y)
@FoxyOxymoron I would have, but SuperTarget didn't have any.  
stopped at the store to pick up some items and debit card is missing 
help! anyone know if there are stores that carry blackberry trackballs? just went to verizon retailer; no luck. do not want to order one 
http://twitpic.com/67ykl - The stolen purse -- when it was new from the store...see tags still on it 
Sending angry vibes to the individual in a blue vehicle who hit my car in the QFC parking lot on Broad and failed to leave a note 
@ZackRabbit i chewed up a Starbucks and a Subway gift card at Christmas time, I got in big trouble. I not allowed near purse. 
@malbaker86 at the store! Lol I don't have any liquour here 
Pretty sure what I just experienced in Target was a panic attack of sorts. I feel like I could sleep for a week. Or not sleep for a week. 
Why so expensiveee http://store.americanapparel.net/rsart400.html 
@Cortniexoxo :: and the Warehouse isn't going this year..this summer is going to stink...I really wanted to go 
I dislike Costco. I never see my best friend anymore  They make her work a lot.
A sad ending to a fine pair of Diesel khakis; left in a Safeway trash can covered in nacho cheese 
@xoshattered_ No  I hear Zehrs is a good place...If you apply somewhere maybe I'll apply there too? XD
Why do malls close at 9?  or at least the one here.
UP is pretty much sold out @ Metrotown Cineplex 
@jesssicaj it's prob also less of a hassle to interview all @ once. &amp; haha, hopefully I have the car tomorrow. I have to open @ Target 
at the great mall   but watching UP in 3D!!
Wow, twitter is being crappy tonight.  I just got back from being dragged to Wallmart   I really hate that place.
@thehoodnerd damn i hear ya...I miss my bed...and I even miss my half built, new, Ikea bed  enjoy sucka lol...jealous
off to the supermarket for slow shopping... the cabinets are bare and i don't have anyone to do the running for me... 
@fletch65 why the Galleria hate? 
@sukhbir1583  i agree.it's been sitting too much in the shelves. when you coming to india?
i wish i had a presonl shopper and no budget  !!
The queue at the supermarket is huuuuge! 
getting ready for work at Torrid... trying to figure out what to wear! Usually it comes to me in a dream the night before, but not 2day 
The forbidden planet store is always a disappointment since ebay 
@eve76 not yet bb aaaargh its packed in the stores 
About to take a quick run to Aventura Mall to pick up something for work at the Apple Store. Would tweet from there if phone worked 
wait, no I'm not, it's $45  I want to figure out where the store is so I wouldn't hae to pay for shipping!
@ZenMommy so I always tell women when they do that in grocery stores.   &amp; don't leave my purse alone ever.
couldn't get the high chair for my niece at IKEA Queenstown...   Hopefully they have it at IKEA Tampines..
going to Walmart on a Saturday is not worth free ice cream to me.. Walmart gives me panic attacks. 
@IAmStanLee no museum   Shopping though
working at the mall for the bank again.   
why is Ikea not open!! 
trying to figure out when I am going to go to the store and buy groceries....I hate buying groceries 
@ninthspace not in the shop unfortunately 
I just witnessed a drug deal in the mall bathroom.   
@ImWendy Walmart has &quot;buy me now&quot; perfume in the air 
At central park right now....it's so hot out here...even to hot for shopping 
Something in the grocery cart got all over my brand new Anthropologie bag and now it's in the washer. I'm super nervous about it. 
My favorite store is closing it's doors...I'm very sad 
Should be at the grocery store...but reading twitter updates instead  I'm such a procrastinator
@SummerRP we have to go shopping for funeral clothes 
Metreon is no more.  There's farmers market there now 
library with william since I can't go to the mall 
http://twitpic.com/6ac0m - Shopping cart suicide. 
I wish I could spend this at the mall right now.  http://twitpic.com/6adt7
@copaclaire  sorry your store is closing, that really sucks 
I want some of that free Walmart ice cream today but no Walmart anywhere close   The one negative of living in the middle of the city
   no shopping   
just spent 74$ on clothes alterations, why can't there be a store for almost midgets? 
@ebonistephae I did..I wasn't really there to shop for me  sheeesh! I need a run down of stores!
@HappyHousewife I see that kinda stuff all day long cashiering at Walmart. 
Why don't stores sell toy guns anymore? 
Heading to the mall 
@leannechatts Seeing any one at all come out of a Walmart is really stupid  Walmart is awful.
@mjacob I talked with a rep in the store and he said because a select few people knew about it (I knew last friday) they nuked it. 
@Allisoncds the one at Highbury and commissioners - Rona Plaza - in last couple of days I think 
Its hard being @ the store and going passed the baby area knowing that was what andrew and I both wanted. 
just got back form Ikea. returning shit there.....what the frak? its such a hassle! 
Wants trail mix with dark choc but grocery store is closed 
hey ppl my twitter is acting up   ...its weird [i just came from IKEA and i live it in there, its kinda like a whole bunch of mini houses]
@ richadesida thought you called it a night an hour ago. haha. didn't make it to Walmart either 
I need to shop shop shop! 
i want to go shopping 
walking around hypermart makes me tired n i need to pup 
The downside of defecting to Woolworths - I now have the inane gushings of the Carpenters stuck in my head for the rest of the evening. 
@AshTR Braum's is awesome. Wish we had one here. 
Drooling at the xkcd store. I'd buy it, if only shipping wasn't as expensive 
Just got back from the grocery store..it's crazy!!ibu-ibu kalap senggol bacok..huhuhu..poor me.. 
is about to jump on a checkout 
What a great day......but I have to trudge around Tescos shortly to get the weekly shop 
Is relaxing around the house..and may go to Walmart later..i feel like being lazy..im still sick.... 
I need to go to the mall 
@jeanettejoy Going to Costco, grocery store and laundry. Not fun... 
I woke up sounding like a man! Of to the CVS i go! 
groceries. 
@TasitaM0219 I know   and I hate the store
@CassandraBatson Awww, isn't it more fun to be romping through the store!? 
@wilgockid i already went to the grocery store. they're calling for thunderstorms today though 
- The grocery store is my 3G dead zone. 
@EUGENALEE apparently not my friends  Shopping sucks by yourself..That might be the result..
I'm boring  ... But, I think I'll go the supermarket!! :s
@redchinese19 nope, i searched the app store! 
in the mall getting ready to take pictures in a mall 
going to garden store with mother. she wont let me wear my bikini 
I am done grocery shopping $ 230 later 
off to the apple store 
I want to go shopping! It sucks to be on a budget 
Going to Target for misc items and maybe some maternity shirts. Clothes be fittin strange lately. 
I want to go shopping! 
back from Ikea, got my girls back, got shoulder sun burn and didn't get my dvd tower 
I spent too much money at Ikea 
I'm watching Mallrats because I don't know what else to do. Now I want to go to the mall 
my chain came off again 
I really don't feel like grocery shopping 
The lines are so long at Costco I am trying 2 convince the wife 2 leave this basket right here and keep it moving. This is rediculous 
@annzoo I want to go shopping too 
should not have gone to the apple store to look at iphones.  want.    badly.
grocery store 
@Kohreeb hahah we went to every dollar store and we can't find those chairs anywhere!!  
Walmart took all my monies 
I regularly get compliments on my hair, except for this one jerk who's a clerk at QFC; he always has rude comments and asks why I dye it. 
I want this Ikea mirror but they don't ship mirrors 
i forgot my jacket in the store and its very cold outside 
Fml I was at the grocery store and forgot to get cake mix and frosting. 
Why does the mall have to close at 6? 
has just found out dippin dots is no longer available in this outlet store! Waaaaahhhhh!!! 
The mall is closed  i needed to cuz h2ocean
I don't like it when Indian cashier dudes hit on me. 
my hair is starting to fall out in the shower  people recommend biotin. GNC here i come.
@ratties I hate Walmart too! I feel your pain. 
1st time at Ikea now. I am not a fan of their Swedish meatballs 
I wish the pet stores were open later on Sundays. 
Grocery shopping sucks when your hungry  I wanna eat now!
we got kicked out of ricc mall  sad!!!
I fink i hafta drop by Kinukuniya when its open. Borders doesnt haf the last watch 
The grooming salon at PetSmart on 50th doesn't employ very friendly people 
all the other stores keep calling for shoe checks and I'm dead! 
@grouponboston I just went to purchase mine and they were all sold out  I hope you guys do more salon groupons!
@LionsVictory Publix is looking good right now 
now that the gang's all here, I've got to go...  Walmart awaits... What a glamorous life I live... don't be jealous
Just accidentaly ripped the shoulder out of a $3 blazer I picked up at a Goodwill in college. Transition to adulthood nearly complete. 
disapointed... was supposed to get a new badminton racket, GOSEN, but the store we went to no longer sell them  sucks
saw some poor kid have a seizure in aisle 6 at the grocery store today. 
@colingrady subversion? I wish. we were using CVS. 
augghhh where's there an apple store in nyc, my clickpad is fucked up 
is sad.. the metaphysical store is closed. 
At the UPS Store, shipping a piece of my childhood that I sold on CL. 
@ASHATL u don't even know. the nearest Target/Starbucks from our new home is 40 minutes away 
On a Blockbuster conference call, yay 
Is craving dunkaroos and the grocery store in town doesnt sell them. 
Thinks that the kahala mall is wayto confusing 
On my way to the grocery store. Yay...so much fun 
We're going to Target   I don't wanna.
I want those shorts from PacSun.  
@cupcakebrii good luck. i wanted to apply at bebe at my mall too but all the positions were filled  so hopefully express works out
watching mall cop. 711 didn't have fluff 
UNCOOL! Walked out of Walmart behind 2 teenage boys that had shoplifted food. I didn't notice until parking lot where they showed it off 
At Carmax trying to buy an 08 cobalt outcome not looking to good 
Were on the way to the grocery store 
@dwpoyner it's still not showing up in the store 
@AliceInSpace We could have gone to the $2 store if we hadn't done the tour 
Walmart fer 2 hours -.- jst bought a magazine &amp; cheese cheetos, &amp; ice breaker ice tea! ;DD ehhh. Ahhaa science quiz tmrw  taylor lautner&lt;3
@mommyallred we don't have fruit and the store is closed   I want junk lol.
@leechbabe we have to go to the actual shops 
@happymonkeyshoe think i remember a toy store in the uk going down. bugger 
so sleepy. so, so sleepy. now coffee, cyberlab, apple store, print shop, and class. 
Just in my local o2 store,nothing new,same old,same old  http://yfrog.com/0p4rmj
just got back from the store getting cough medicine again 
@this_is_thomas I checked and Walgreens.com is still frozen  Pictures to come soon.
being a real indecisive girl today, grrr. Shop sunbath or clean and wearing what? I do love summer but the wardrobe just isnt ready 
@didilaksana I've looked but still no sign  re: froyo @ supermarket
Shop is insanely useless today. There's not even a car for me to work on. 
very bummed to learn this morning that my favorite local yarn store, @amanoyarn, is closing its doors 
@LungiZuma I know, it's really bad, when i go to the dvd store, I can't find dvd I haven't watched 
@suPEARLative5 that sucks, you need to run to a Staples or Bestbuy and pick up a new drive ASAP 
@BiggbyBob I had a dream there was a Biggby's in my neighborhood.... then i woke up. 
http://twitpic.com/6hiih - At the store...I wish I was home. 
@taylorcalta i cant believe we didnt see you guys at the mall!!!!  we were so closeeee!
@alyssa_day I wish I had a Borders near me. 
Finally bought a Costco card, but it's gonna take a week or so before I get it 
@winebratsf I got it out of the Redbox for $1. It was NOT worth it. But can you blame me? I'm lonely 
@BingTheCherry no where has mac  just dept store counters.  we need to get them to open a store here!
Why can't there be Ikea in the Philippines 
Safeway is now putting them out...really nice display.  I feel bad going over and picking them out in front of her 
@BrandonPam no  we at BJs
5 cents for plastic bags at grocery stores now  If we stop using plastic grocery bags , what are we supposed to put garbage into?
Blockbuster doesn't have ghost whisperer! 
As much as I have tried to avoid it, my flat has turned out to look like an Ikea showroom 
remember florin mall ? when all the stores were open? 
if off to the supermarket to beat the lunchtime rush...oh joy,I love grocery shopping so much  I'll have to get back into doing it online
It's also so scary that our supermarket was robbed, hmm! 
I want to go shopping 
Is really sick.  i'm going to my interview at Target.
@PreciousParcels nursing a migraine  i feel pants!! oh, i love visiting suppliers.. im like a kid in a candy store! even stationary!! LOL
Today's gonna suck for me.It's raining outside so I'll have to stay in all day.The only thing I'm gonna do is go to Walmart. *sigh* 
Going to WalMart this morning to grab a workout dvd. Much too hot to run outside. I need sunblock  Lets try some pilates!?!
@pinkmotown i feel ya i just put in some applications myself, i need some money   just got a call back from ToysRUs so we will see
if i wanted to work in stores that's the career path i would have chosen... ugh i hate going to lewisville 
on the road to the outlet mall!! but not a fan of the construction on the thruway 
@ThatAmy we are 45 miles from Starbucks, Target, a mall. 60 from Chili's 
Ovi Store publisher support stopped responding   #ovistore #ovi #nokia
@wyatthaplo worked? sometimes the store is *closed* for certain locations... like mine. 
wtf! i didn't know there is red mango at eastwood mall 
@ben_jamin_s @pixelmatrix I looked for a sign when I left and I didn't see one! It's a grocery store, it should take credit cards. 
just got bac frm Walgreens. had 2 tke care of lil sis 
@MillieRose_ I will add that to the shopping list! I like salad but I hate tomatoes and they're salad staples everywhere 
I need to go to the grocery store 
Soliciting blows. In Nordstrom looking at flower girl dresses. 
@jessicarbrown After moving some Ikea stuff into my new apartment, I went to breakfast with my dad and then to work. It looks like rain 
Starting to rain at Southcenter. 
Going to the outlet mall. Buying a new bathing suit. For my party! 
@stephintoronto   Shopping is not in the current budget.  I love DVF but I have to be good.
Just finished 10 plushies and ran outta stuffing  back to sewing more until I feel like going to the store.
At springfield mall mixed feelings about being here cause i get to go to a cool store but i have to go to other stores to 
Shopping at Walmart for some things for work. I hate Walmart 
Mcdonalds. Quiznos. And Starbucks. I feel fat 
I am so sad. One of the best managers is stepping down and now they have to transfer stores because of it. 
Wishing the work day were done so I could head home and check on my pups. Worried Target still isn't feeling great. 
No good movies at Redbox, now what am I gonna do tonight? 
BP Wal-Mart stopped selling fabric... I'm so bummed 
I went to Target and in the toys section, I saw Lego's. It made me miss my childhood  I wish I was 5 again. (Or Whatever age I played lego
left my coughdrops at the store 
@Ladiejay what a day it was  3 hour friends graduation, japanese dining! Shopping now home. I hate graduations 
Going to wal mart   http://myloc.me/2KNk
I want a crumpet!   I don't want to go to the store again though
@queenbmakeup why does my Marshalls suck at having makeup?!  but those are cute colors
@jlk77 I'm not really sure...my store closed down a while ago, so it's hard for me to compare. I usually just suck it up on the shipping. 
Grocery trip: TONS of awesome fresh food and ice cream because the baby begged for some. Yay! $90 later....blech. 
Petco sold me a sick fish 
Apparently my fish has tail rot.  Petco sold me a sick fish.  
I got a cold  But I went to Gyobook Store and bought two books. One is &quot; Bad samaritans&quot; and the other is &quot;Lincoln, the unknown&quot;.
Please stop the rain, I have to get some food from the grocery store 
Is off to the shops  
Packing up shop! 
I hate it when the barber shop opens late. 
poo - I need to go to the mall, but it's not open yet 
@chucklebug Do you have a nice mall?  You're so lucky.
I want chocolate: I can smell it, and the bars in the shop are calling me.  http://is.gd/Qjbj
taking penelope to the shop, just filled her up too 
Off to the post office and the bank and possibly some sort of grocery store if I find one on the way. I don't wanna. 
@xoxojanine By the time we found the shopping mall, it was already 10.20 pm~!!! The mall was already long closed... 
@scalia4114 Store is closed till the 15th for remodeling 
Ugh, Sams club, then Walmart   I did get a nice new hot glue gun, dual temp but corded for when the batt is out on the coldheat Cordless
well thats a total failure. the joanns at the lakewood mall is no more 
The lady at the store gave me a soft pack of cigarettes today and i didn't notice until I got to work 
Wishes adam was here to carry me to the shop 
@jqueyriaux awww... I miss Target 
Aww, I'm parked by this butcher shop and there is a 'deer drop off'  that makes me sad.
@genifur not anymore  we used to have a bulletin board at the old store but we don't have one here
@bbsipodtouchelp dude wal mart is going to suck now 
back from walmart! i feel horrible shopping there 
Heights Books is now a pet store 
Wishing the mall didn't close at 6 
im back, and our local grocery store stopped carrying some of my favorite things 
@cursedbyevil  that must be a very bad shop then
@graceclarke ooh! what for? i miss an actual physical american apparel store. online just isn't the same 
wow  wow so many things ive seen i wanted from the store not enough cash for it all 
can't ever find the size he wants at Aeropostale 
Ikea was somewhat of a disappointment...they were out of what we wanted 
@jesslandolfi You're on the deck flipping burgers, I'm in Kinko's straight flippin' copies. 
bought a couple of chairs at Ikea . .but couldn't put them together (seriously!)  arrgghhh . . another trip BACK to Ikea to return them 
Spent $60 at Walmart in less than 10 minutes on nothing. 
@MelyssahR not in stores yet  but its coming
@serda23 Jealous! I saw it at Walmart, but can't afford it until next week. 
So cold at the mall 
@thatgirlmaya i've been to like 4 different CVS stores in the past couple days and haven't found any 
No mall 4 me.. it already closed 
Running to Walmart for groceries and to buy a cable I already own twice 
WTF CVS where are my damn sour watermelon candies!?!? s'ok, got some other gudsnax, forgot to buy my waterproof disposable camera tho 
@Esbatty I actually only have Sudafed for congestion and some brand-x CVS Pharmacy shit for allergies. i wanna be claritin-clear 
Sometimes I hate living so far out in the country.   I need club soda and our dinky store doesn't have it.
@ock at a book store/restaurant/drinking rather to eating lol I don't know where my blackberry is 
You know you have to be bored when there's nothing to tweet about.  I guess that's what happens when you work for Walmart... 
@girlwithfringe I work in a card shop 
@peteralee pretty small! only one shop 
going shopping soon. 
@jjjohannaaa i want one with kontantkort, and it costs 6600 in store  i wish i were a millionair!!
Just came from the mall knees hurting so bad 
My parents are prone to overreacting; they're coming all the way back from Ikea to take me to casualty 
Shop shop shop - just weekly groceries, though...how boring.  
I don't even have any desire to go the mall. That right there shows somethings wrong! 
Of course, I'm running late; no time to stop at drive-through Starbucks in Burtonsville. 
Grocery then hw..too many projects 
Right now igoing to the grocery store hungry is not good 
Why does the grocery store seem to be the place to run into all my past mistakes 
Going to the mall 
Still sick, can't sleep and I have watched every youtube vid already  Shopping time.. what would I do without online shopping??!!
Pray for me tweeps. Costco and grocery shopping on the weekend. 
if my headache fixed yet.....that would be a no  This sucks I wanna go to the grocery store but it hurts so much more when i move
@digitalkid56 I thought they activate it in store?  That sucks 
@missdaiisy  we looked like the biggest potheads ever. An hour long adventure in Winco resulting in leaving with a bag of cherries &amp; candy
trying to force myself to stay home and NOT go to Sephora today 
@arachnais her friend who was supposed to drive us to the casino are fighting soooo...well prolly end up going to the mall and dining out 
@virginmartyr won't make it to the in-store 
@mozdad shops are shut 
I'm bloody hungry  Store time I think...
@rachelhenslee I love DSW too, couldn't find the shoes I was looking for today 
eww..stinky ranch 99 grocery store..  haha..
ALOT of work to do today. Shopping for more camera gear will have to wait till next weekend i think. 
Tally ho to a remodeled Walmart...lets see how the layout is now.  I miss the smiley 
Oh yea I was going down to the grocery store and my car is making a really funny noise so I have to take it to the shop tomorrow! 
The longest part of my weekend was working at Kohl's. 
just raided the thrift store. no good finds today 
@SaveOurShoes the irregular choice store around soho somewhere, I can't remember but they have apparell too and i am so jeluzzzz 
#dontyouhate the people that won't let you go ahead of them in the grocery store when they have 271 items and you have 3? 
Home  ... Grocery Shopping 
@davemorin first the record store, now the bookstore...  I have to say, I'm not for it...  Makes me sad    What r we leaving behind?  :-/
@liquiddheaven jeals much!! all the shopping! 
http://twitpic.com/7gezc - @MaritzaMendoza I ended up having to order my much needed rainboots online due to lack of in store options 
Working til 4:00 @ the Pharmacy today..... 
@YazzyT i wish that shop was still there, it was amaaaaaaazing 
No WONDER this cucumber water was on clearance at Target ...blegh! I'm disappointed 
feeling... not good i want to go back to sleep but have to go to IKEA...  i least i get swedish meatballs :\
is home after a trip to AutoZone and the bank! Now chillin at home doing nothing all day :/ kinda boring 
Now I'm being dragged off to another store. 
I took my daughters car to the tire shop to fix a leak....checked in at work...grocery store...now home...but I forgot the bananas 
Just walked into the grocery store. Not ready for what is going to be like a 3 hour trip. Not cool!!! 
@daisycakessoap That scares me......I just started my shop.  
@pinksugacupcake really?  I found Target to be the same or cheaper here in houston. 
I really want to go sit out in the park and read on my way home, but I should really go to Meijer tonight so I can stop eating out. 
classes ugh  but after that. i'm going to see if they have LVATT at the cd store.!!!
Having a headache  And tomorrow I'm going to ask for a job @ supermarket Spar; 12 kilometres away from my house xD
Where did I go wrong? I'm barely holding on ever since you've been gone...   at the mall text it up..
sitting in the philly airport, feels more like a shopping mall. too bad i got this pizza before i saw chick-fil-A.  good pizza, tho.
back from the store... didn't find a charger 
At Target. Buying medicine for Lea 
doesn't like grocery shopping anymore 
wow it smells like pee in the mall 
@TiaJack I miss the Galleria Mall. 
@PhoebeOH    why dont you just go to some store to pick it up?
@candisleigh http://twitpic.com/7i6vv - All the stores around here are closed at midnight  I want it sooo bad!
 They don't carry my favorite yogurt at the local grocery store anymore.....Just another reason for me to move...lol
I know I should have just walked away but I was so offended &amp; angry!!  I just had to leave the store...ugh.
And going for real now... apparently, that chocolate is not going to walk here from the store 
@bandcandy I can imagine.   Pharmacy sounds fun, actually.
i bought a box of clementines at the grocery store yesterday and left them at the check out 
@mmendoza27 I just hope it ships quick... i can't by mine in a store 
I haven't tweeted in forever  I'm solo tired. Shopping and working tomorrow!
FUCKING PISSED!!!!! Fucking Walmart didn't have the new @Jonasbrothers cd!!!!!!!! Not happy right now 
I'm jealous of the people at Walmart that got to buy Ghostbusters at midnight 
just realized I got the wrong frame for my new Ikea desk, gonna have to go back and exchange this one part 
@juanml Maybe I will today. Right now, it's 2:41am. Store aren't opened. 
@nickjonas We just came to buy your cd at midnight at Walmart but they dont have it stocked yet until 7am  very sad time.
@jonaskevin We just came to buy your cd at midnight at Walmart but they dont have it stocked yet until 7am  very sad time.
@baxiabhishek well i can, but I guess sometimes impulsive shopping doesn't work out right 
i really need to stop shopping 
http://mobypicture.com/?vgva0q - What is going on with the OVI Store on the N97? 
Folding laundry and eating chips and dip... I forgot to buy Twinkies when I was at Walmart today. 
Gap won't allow app to use its brand after contest  http://bit.ly/svoMj
@drsuessmn never at wal mart 
@smatheson doctored-up store-bought  
needs to relax ! Retail therapy 
is desperate to go shopping! 
is in the Apple Store in the Florida Mall, just waiting to head off to the airport soon 
@rockphotogirl I called them and my local store does NOT carry it  so sad!
Off to the grocery store with me... my last dish sponge just disentegrated in my hands.  
@katekono We have gotten ours at Meijer, but I doubt that's of much help to you... 
my iphone isn't working and i bought it at an apple retail store. do i talk to apple or att&amp;t? I'm getting the run-around and NO answers. 
@nonesuchgarden - AMEN! It makes me sick to go in the store now - it's so sad 
i don't buy the cd. don't have in the store  i want LVATT
i am so sad now. (N) BUT ! i got good deals at the mall. (Y) .. dsnt really balance out though 
my fav vegan store closed down   .....their samsara purses were 50% off 
I guess I better put on some pants if I'm going to the store. 
How come Kinkos aren't 24 hours anymore? 
I just went to Target and was disappointed 
@buchanan23 in the app store?  it's not showing up for me 
@nicoleraneri I was supposed to but....my dm is only letting store managers go! I'M PISSED!  have enough fun for the both of us!!!
I can't see it in the app store either... 
About to walk to Publix with my sister.. ugh! I hate walking.. 
Walmart changed their setup n now I can't find the baby lotion! 
@techAU it's not in my app store. 
just got back from driving all the way to the mall to realize that the mall is closed on tuesdays 
I'm 0 for 2 on anyone noticing my MUJI socks though... 
i need a monster. i have no energy at all  i hear it's too dangerous to walk to the curb store.
I was just @ AT&amp;T store checking prices... like I don't already know.. but just bored I guess. 
@cesya It is not a gift store. It is a delicious giant cookie store of godly proportions. We don't have to go though. 
Ughhh I need to go to the grocery store, but I'm so broke 
Waiting to be fetched by our driver. Mart's not coming.  He still has a game later.
plugging my store: http://www.cafepress.com/bbpd because they changed the pricing so that i'm making less now 
@sassisam that would be amazing - if only we had an H&amp;M here though  (along with Zara, Topshop etc)
@leunix I pass the Starbucks in Sainsbury's on my way to work. Unfortunately I don't have time to go into town and then out again to work 
@sidepodcast nooooo i want to see the jenson video  damn you unnamed supermarket branch
@JustinHawkins Been looking for that in Borders and WHSmiths but they've only got last months' issue! 
@YaamiHandmade But it is only for selected shops 
@cc_chapman I think so. I took 10+ disposable cameras to ShopKo, the bill made me cringe. Only a dozen or so decent pics. 
i cant fulfill my shopping. 
Amish deli any then temicas 
Any grocery stores in the galleria area deliver? I can't leave the apartment. 
No golf...only old ladies to golf with.    Caught Macy's ball game instead.
Really bored,nothin 2 do, i want to go shopping 
Ugh, so hungry but no time to go to the food store 
last shopping spree 
Shoot! There wasn't what I wanted at the store! Darnnn 
$2.49/gal at QuikTrip - I wanted to cry. 
@foursquare I'm really over your ridiculous check-in limits. Do I need to video myself patronizing three adjacent stores within 15 mins?! 
going to the grocery store. One of my least favorite things to do. 
I'm bummed that Gap bought out Athleta - I hate it when cool brands sell out, esp female POWER brands going mainstream - bleh! 
security let us in newpark mall at 3 am. I had my bike with me and was planning to do a couple of laps around the mall. I chickened out 
Having trouble with the app store  #squarespace
I despise the smell in tire stores...yuck 
I really want a new hoodie but they didn't have a single one in the men's section at Target. 
Disappointed by the lack of treasures at the mall 
Off to Walmart 
$40 doesn't go far for groceries. 
It's crowded at the shop 
@AbbiKakez i need to go shopping 
I about to go on a date... to Walmart! 
I was on the top 10 ticketholders for the Target E-Gift Card on Raffstar, but now I'm #12 
@blublocker I tried to find some #blublockers today at Walgreens.. no where to be found 
@shadesgodown I loved working at Target. 
@datgirlcomedy I read some older twits earlier about the boots on cars and bust out laughing! Macy's sales always disappoint me 
sadly   a week or 2 ago i got chocolate on my favorite Lululemon jacket but at least i can wash it! yay! but chocolate is good though!
#uknowuliveinthehood when all the corner stores and family owned businesses around when you were growin up are gone 
Cramping badddd   &amp; going to the grocery store for food that will make me a happier camper.
I didn't find any sesame balls at the Asian store 
I'm out of chewing gum  going to walk to the store and get some. Its dark and hot outside.
@Cheep_Tweeter Chucken fail  Only small,frozen selection. Premium for corn-fed, free-range, small portions too. Foodtown it is I guess
@bryanhawley I couldn't find the outlet 
Considering :3 http://www.telltalegames.com/store/talesofmonkeyisland Might have to wait until I get paid first 
last day of rotay      Shopping at Goodwill with @littlemissnicki later tonight and maybe a sleepover if someone is nice to meeeee
not feeling too well  but pulling thru to get to the smoothie shop :x
i've been trying to use phot shop. and misserably failing 
Doing the grocery list, still feeling so exhausted. 
@TransitionalTee sorry  but if coffee blood infusions had been possible, they would be selling them at Walmart already! I'm good - you?
Is at Kinko's straight flippin' copies... 
going grocery shopping...wish i was shoe shopping  lol
@DHSHolly Think I'll join you. Doesn't look like I'll be able to make it to the apple store this weekend. 
Waiting at the apple store again 
QFC wouldn't let me buy booze because the person standing next to me in line for self-checkout looked under 21 
Is not having fun at all...... Walking to CVS in the rain 
Shop is warm but am freezing cold shaking all over and feel really sick...please let today be over so I can go home   
Why are tampons so expensive at CVS? 
going to the mall yet again 
just dicovered that shopping at Aldi is no cure for being broke, that was fucking disgusting 
Looking gloomy outside. I need to run to CVS but I know it will rain the second I cross the street 
@tiffy_sexyy_bby I wanted to go the mall 
Missing @heyiitsjamie and the rest of the fam already... It's raining in Florida.  What a welcome... Walmart and Redbox with the uncle.
The spca area at the mall really makes me want a pet 
damn you rain, i just wanted to run to the store 
My favorit independent toy store is closing.  so sad.
@Sammyj0 it's horrrrrible haha I'm waiting in a store door  boo to rain I heard it's raining on long island too!
I now know why i RARELY come to the mall. I'm going to be SO ridiculously broke after this 
There is the most gorgeous Filipina girl next to me at Costco. She looks like @lilythai! Fuck, I hate Costco sometimes.  FML woe is me LOL
I am so fighting the urge to drive back to the mall and get those coach shoes 
Feels kind of guilty, I missed going to the mall with maggie because I was eating lunch with dad. and I made the plans. 
So sad to learn that my favorite design-y pet store, http://www.rowfny.com, is packing up. They had the coolest stuff 
just left the music store 
@ToysRUs I wish you had a better policy around replacing defective items. I have to wait too long. 
Mall was g-a-y I didn't find shit for satt  ugh now iam rushing to the gym!
Finally at the mall!!! Not much savings 
I fell in the grocery store tonight 
had fun shopping with two in tow after daddy introduced them to the 'cool' grocery cart - my shopping will never be the same 
@Jcookonline they still have the old people mag at the store 
Why is it so impossible to find white 1/4&quot; grommets? Also, the tiny &quot;craft&quot; section in the new Walmart sucks. It's only one aisle. 
@corywatilo Just messed around with the palm pre at the sprint store. Not that impressed 
Going to bed soon.  Ikea wore me out today and I'm a little cranky 
@QueenBeeOZ noooooooooo u said u was at the mall..i was waitin on u 
@Duckfbfan15 I didn't receive the giftcard you got me from Ulta.  Bahahahahaha
Ikea furniture is great! I just wish the product on display could be bought as is. It can be a real hassle to put some things together! 
i am UNBELIEVABLY sleepy. but the Ikea guys are still not here yet.. nor is the electrician 
I'm 17th in the normal queue. Not sure where Personal Shopping appointment folk go 
@bryancarter13 I miss you, as well.  When will we be able to roam Walmart, etc. again?
still haven't managed to get off the comp and feed myself. Partly because I know there is no decent food until the shopping arrives 
@samjmoody  :O have the lizards gone back to the shop?? 
gah the only one we have is at the mall 
have to go shopping by myself 
Hey guys I'm just back from supermarket LOL there is crazy so many pupils are in there and I'm tired 
@coconutlime jealous that you have an italian store! LOL We don't here   blah
Shop migration slower than I'd hoped.    This weekend, working on my next tote bag-a large one.
@andiecapes Make sure you buy enough storage boxes from IKEA. I never do and then when I want more they've discontinued them 
At Costco but no free samples yet 
will try to go back to the store to exchange.. 
Mall trip: unsuccessful 
is upset Petco doesnt sell fish bowls that fit over your head 
Grocery shopping mixed with rain.......not fun 
@pfwebczar I know, there just isn't a good selection of stores in this area; so many of them cater to the students 
@arlenexo i know  we have to make plans to go shopping - maybe in soho ;D
just got back from Walmart. going to a wake later 
@idrisnme is it at the outlets stores? I have one too but dont think i will be able to use it 
Aggravating trip to Wal-Mart...busy store (expected), millions of employees rearranging store (unexpected), fabric section GONE. 
Has anyone else become a fast food junkie since they started working at Payless? I an so sick of taco bell but its the only thing around! 
just got back from the mall. how i hated that visit 
i want to go shopping 
@ndeaubrey You have to pick em up from a store sorry to say and none of the stores around us have one in stock 
@omgitsSOB i neber get to go shopping with you  
@rooshkin If it helps, I had a dream that I bought a plane at Walmart and I loved it and had a blast, until it blew away. 
Needed: a new place to buy whole wheat matzo from.  Superstore, you fail me!
Wow. I think my trip to Target killed my flowers.   http://twitpic.com/7ur3k
I get bad reception in this store. 
@bubblesunshine I really want some food but I haven't gone grocery shopping so I have nothing for me.  So cake it is haha.
And of course I choose grilling over yoga. Grilling indoors that is. We and Target and the gas station don't have charcoal 
@genevieveeex3 I loved the disney store but they took it out of the mall in brooklyn 
@JoN0 I friggen wish lol I'm stuck closing the store 
iiii wannt a shopping spree 
going shopping 
@ashemischief I'm an emotional shopper, too. 
is sick and tired of Target breadsticks  I need pancakes or cinnamon buns or something!
At the grocery store, the meal plan is all gone, we have to fend for ourselves again.  
@urboyxander -- haha. yeah, it is. but I haven't seen it in any stores. I've looked at Walmart, CVS, Walgreens &amp; have yet to find it. 
walking to the mall, i got lost 
RUEHL is closing 
why does everyone have significant others and cuddle in Target? 
going grocery shopping...wish i was shoe shopping  lol
I just applied to Target! I hope i get the job.. cause im so poor 
My phonee got water dammagee and barly works. 6 major buttons are broken! going to the us cellular store tomorrrrow 
Ahh poo...I gotta work tomorrow  But I guess Target would fall apart without me lol
@xbrookecorex can i reiterate how jealous i am that you have a lush in your mall 
@nokking kino sold out already. Popular also. Borders said they're not sure if they're even able to get copies 
I can't believe I'm actually at the IKEA midnight madness sale  ugh
@thekelliejane sadly, this is a grocery store, not a restaurant.  might it still apply?
I just got excited about a sale on milk at the grocery store tonight. I'm officially an old, boring adult. 
Store,discount,reasonable price,fiuh!its so killing me.help!its not in my budget for shopping today!make me defisit now 
Just woke up going to get breakfast, I feel quite ill and I neeeed to go shopping 
@andyfield if they enable flas think of the effect it would have on their app store 
does not want to go grocery shopping .. 
i want to go shopping 
morningg :') loool we slept in :| no shopping for us 
is sat in McDonalds as the Starbucks WiFi wasnt working 
going grocery shopping...wish i was shoe shopping  lol
@Boize_ I wish - stores aren't open this early here 
need to run some errands... but I'm too lazy to go to the store...  what now? motivation please.
at home still, with my nan, she's trying to make me get a job in Marks and Spencers, meh... missing bbq at @sophieplayle 's, is no good 
missed going to the malls with my mall buddies! 
@sarzparella sorta. this bra in particular isn't offered online.  i think it was in-store only. some of their lines are like that. sigh.
Mission walk to the bottle shop and it's closed 
Just waiting at the entrance of the mall for desmond to show up 
@w0nk0 rofl...i just had SBUX cappuccino with 6 shots of espresso...i miss that cappuccino just down from the Euro Store in Firenze 
there's no swatch shops in b'ham 
The story continues: manager picked me up, I get to the store, and then discover that I wasn't even on the schedule!!! 
TRYING to find a store that sells DreadHead supplies 
I have to go to Walmart 
Going to Kohls, Culvers, and then watergun fight again tonight ... So I'll be gone most of the day.. No twitts from me 
Packing up the store.....sad 
i want to go to the source mall. i wish i could drive 
I'm working at FYE from 2-9:30 pm today so no tweeting from me after like 1:30 
Does anyone know where I can find flavor ice? Walmart doesn't have any 
Mall n lunch then work again 
@dmvc I would dana! I just have to close at Target 
Grocery Store 
So, now we have a tile floor, which is new for us and gives us cold feet. Walmart and Target don't have slippers. 
I'm lost in the store! 
just came from IKEA wanted 2 buy just 2 frames ended up buying much more  they were all for the sake of my studio, so money wasn't wasted
I want to cry at how busy the mall is  dnw to work
@htoddcarter I didn't ask if there were more I figured if they had more they'd be on the shelves. 
No cigars for me  Store closed up, big lease sign in the window.
@moto62 no  strike 2. The 2nd walgreens had twice as many animals bit not tweetie. I'll go back out to another store I know of later.
headed 2 the mall wit only 2 bars left 
I want to go to Ikea! 
Nothing good at Saks 
gtg Shopping not the  Clothes and purses shopping the Grocery kind 
Perimeter Mall Apple store: http://bit.ly/nhAP quick diagnosis, but no in-store vid card swap  should be a 3-day turnaround.
$116.65 at Target. . .broke much? 
I'm here at the mall by myself waiting haha... Where are they 
In the sprint store 
I'm sad now  (heads to liquor store)
I was going to run out to Safeway and buy cupcakes (craving) but having seen how fat I am in the Winefest pics I think not... 
@fuckingdewable They won't have that at the store though 
Why is it that you can find a Target on every corner but the time you need one you can't find one  http://myloc.me/4Jcq
Hates leaving the mall empty handed. 
Power meeting, mentor meeting, Urban Home, Z-Gallerie, IKEA, Target, office...All work related. I want to play. 
Sadly, the Nordstrom sale no longer excites me. 
Closing down Petsmart. I hate counting money. 
@karissa713 aww rian's near an ocean in nc  now i cant just run into him at the mall haha like i was hoping would happen
Target sucked 
just bought way too much joseph schmidt chocolate. the store is gone after june 30  factory already closed.
@sarney I just joined your 'I bought mascara at the grocery store' club. 
@onecoconut No we don't see it at our stores. 
@onecoconut No we don't sell it at our stores 
Yay my glasses have arrived in Eastgardens but my toes are too much in pain to be able to go get them 
@BootsRiley what stores? there's no stores left! 
@KMCme Can you hurry up and come back home. I made that trip to Bloomies today, it didn't go so well 
Still no #beejiveim 3.0 in the app store 
@brittanyhorth you didn't even come to my apple store and visit me and vic 
Grocery shopping 
going grocery shopping...wish i was shoe shopping  lol
@sunshinebudden why not am HunGry  and the stores close
If I had been allowed to work at my level perhaps Woolworths wouldnt of gone bust 
looks like I'm not gonna get much more rest so I'm heading to Walmart 
@maevoniq  i don't feel like walking a million miles to your store.
My dearest Starbucks has failed me 
I don't like Sundays for all supermarkets and shops being closed 
I really can't clown goin to WalMart anymore!  When u have a babygirl, u'll find ur way there also!!
ChicagoPersonals Ok guys, please don't disappoint me again  - w4m (Ford city Mall) 21yr: I tir.. http://snipurl.com/kkupb
@mildmanneredboy I don't mind if the store is empty. People are catching in on that it opens earlier 
@mumbleguy Yay for you. I got nada   Just a grocery list. 
did great at grocery shopping until I went to one store and blew it by 30.00 on olive oil and sushi! 
I learned that you get your child's prescriptions really fast at Walmart if your kid is sobbing and screaming in agony. 
Going to the store - be right back.  I hate driving solo.  
@adrian_arevalo I left the apple store empty handed , so sad 
going grocery shopping...wish i was shoe shopping  lol
I seem to be developing a southern accent from working at the mall.  This makes me sad. 
It's hot as hell in this store!!  
Starving my mind away  I neeeeed food, but there is none in sight. Shopping = must.
@beckie0 Not having an outlet sucks 
@Sephora_monroe I thought you meant lock the tooth in a dark room. I tried that with the puppy, but she cries like a mofo. No sleep again 
@JENMARQUEZ islands was great and BJs was good too.. I got a lil drunk 
no more clients, but i cant leave the store for an hour. 
At PetSmart. Theres a big fluffy black kitty named Boots up for adoption that I want 
@jshmrtn http://twitpic.com/85unn - fantastic!  my gamestop is lame though, it's in an actual mall, not a strip mall. 
gota run to the store, bummed, have to get too much so can't take my toy...  
Leaving the mall. 
wishin there was a italian deli downtown 
 @zochula just yelled at me for picking apple store over food.
@sawhitenack y dont u try applying 4 a different  job...I tried applying at Target but they werent hiring 
@enricoeric yea apparently it's great! @t00muchcaffeine says he bought some at WalMart but I can't even find it at 7/11 
Wants that pretty little baby at Petco  but he cost too much.
@_kkatie You aren't texting me back.  Are you going to the mall?
orientation at Target. scared. 
wanting badly to go shopping 
Caught in the rain walking back from Publix 
@ Target. Where is all the dayquil?!?! 
Wishing my store had the blue icy 
Like literally go to the store and buy 1, try to print and fail, go back to the store and buy another 1 
just got in trouble with his doctors for riding his scooter to the grocery store! 
@PeachPosh I was down at the store and all the peaches are green as can be. I mean, they are completely rock hard! 
@Mirahtrunks I need to go to Walmart 
At Walmart supercenter. I wanna go home 
I miss my Target friends...   I feel like such a bastard child...
@MayerHawthorne no free songs at the dutch store  http://yfrog.com/2ffu6j
heading back to the land of gluten-free free shopping 
@missmoox You can get Modelista in Target. And yeah, i hate it when specific websites can't ship to my country 
although has anyone else noticed the lack of the amazing strawberry milkshake bottle sweets on the new Woolworths Pick'n'mix online? 
At a mall and we didn't know how we get back 
My aunt betta get here soon or i'm goin back to bed! Mall or no mall i dont care! not like i have $ to spend anyways 
is all alone in the shop 
I have to go to the supermarket.....  I hate it!!!!
@abigaillovesyou LOL, well, that happens. But its worth it.  You've got me wanting to make a midnight run to the convenience store.
@KnitLuck I have crocheted washcloths in my store - afghanartistry 
@burlymulligan yes, theeee Target.  it may happen again this week 
is going to go shopping 
@iainbest apple store is down for an update... you gotta be kidding me... 
All the silly things of our society seem irrelevant. And yet, Mall of Emirates is not so far away 
is sleepily doing the window-shopping thing with the children at ToysRUs.. although they don't do the toy I want, we're all resisting 
@mileycyrus lol the conbrainer store thats cute 
Going shopping. 
About to get in the shower &amp;&amp; then head to the grocery store. 
@McKBrew man I spend too much on beer pron at Lowes 
@adriyah Thanks girl! I'm leavin for Sephora now! 
@selenagomez Haha that cracked me up about the Wallmart moment. Sounds incredibly cute 
Getting in the groove to go to the mall...rent is paid why not 
Final interview with Bloomingdales 
shower, than out to do some shopping at ma fav store.. urban outfitters 
Going shopping. 
@1LovelyDreamer then Walmart it is 
Out the door to go shopping.  How girly!  
Getting ready for work at the Zumiez today 
@_Sulpicia_ enjoy too.. I think all the shopping has affected my typing 
is encouraging you to support your local record store 
Vacuuming, and then camera shopping 
going out to the mall once again 
going to the mall with colie 
@justjennyxo i'll ship some over for you  well obviously, the coffee shop should be real, i'd be like 'me in the friends coffee shop'
On my way home from Tanger Outlets!  then off to jane eyre
Going to the mall 
@petewentz eat in the restaurant and shop in the shop  helpful!
i'm officially accepted into uams college of pharmacy! 
@susanbdot on my way to the app store 
SNL;;;Manhattan tomorrow, on a mission to find Consignment Store's 
@annahawkins Plus, we have Panera and Powells. 
im at the food court at a mall 
@Cajo1 until he can actually talk he will have little say, actually even when he CAN talk he will still have to go shopping 
Going shopping! 
@hollemo How'd the IKEA adventure go?? 
the rain is coming . . . and i got my new Gap umbrella. 
At starbucks waiting for the mall to open. 
Loomstate for Target goes on sale today! I'm already done with my shopping so now everyone else can partake of it 
@JenPerezPSU Target and Publix are my Sunday routines -- checked Publix off the list already.  Aaah, life in the fast lane, right?
going shopping. 
cleaning, shopping, and running errands....fun, fun, and more fun. 
at the grocery storeeeee 
@liplash No. Wally-World is the root of all evil. Costco is not to be feared. 
@grider - grocery shopping at amazon...overkill 
Goofing off on the computer for now, but going to Payless for new shoes soon... BOGO  heheheheheeee
Going shopping!! 
Walking to valley fair mall with kim 
On my way to Wallyworld  I *heart* Walmart!!!
I put them in the plastic muffin thing you get when you buy from Foodtown/Countdown... and boy, they look good enough to sell! 
@harlequinne most certainly do  just setting up an etsy store at the mo 
@momentbymoment1 all ur visitors sounds fun - store is good and E is much better .... getting into some mischief now. I'm tired though 
redecorating my living quarters... feels so earthy and beautiful... yay for thrift stores in the morning! 
@missmandagrace I didn't know you could buy nerds at the store! 
is making a shopping list 
@zhilovestdwp grocery shoopping owns 
30-40% Discount  - Discountcard or distributercard? http://tinyurl.com/cdoald
@nbarday want in on your coupon CVS lady lol  I will explain later
just went on a shopping spree. WOOOOOOOOO 
going to book store 
He he, sorry if you have seen the &quot;Hitler-Aldi wet weather gear&quot; thing but it is making me laugh  http://post.ly/R3A
is off to the shops 
Part time job is to work on a store.. an e-store 
Driving to the shopping haven 
about to go shopping  x
wow I'm shocked! someone in Selfridges actually gave good customer service! something to smile about 
@afredriksson ha ha, I am not kidding! It's perfect going to Ikea when the sun is up 
Mall with Justice today 
: @IKEA ... What a lovely way to start the weekend 
@butterscotch77 YES! We went to dinner at sparkies and fooled around at Kohl's before the movie. The movie was predictable but good 
@JNetchaeffJones  Hey, that's my favorite store too!! 
mall with stef 
Off to Lowes and then to Menards...being a homeowner is expensive..... 
At a thrift shop.  found me a bracelet and a watch.
Going to the mall 
@FashionWhore87 I'll be there  Hopefully they won't practically start a riot and actually let us in to the store.
Going to the mall soon  with @laurenroolz
I always hold my breath when I walk past the Medi Clinic at Walmart. This is apparently the best sickness prevention I've come up with. 
@mcteach going to Costco not crazy it is the going w/3 kids I was questioning  although my toys r us bribe is working wonders
going to the store be back soon 
At the tattoo shop. Yay 
@maxime68 can't say so. i mean, maybe in cafes, don't know.but in this starbucks-kinda-shops it's normal. and when i make coffee = strong 
Just got home from Winco 
Just bought a ....variety of body parts at Walmart  I say a good night!
@Superpowerstoo  A delicious raw food restaurant -- down here, we call such establishments, &quot;supermarkets&quot; or &quot;grocery stores.&quot;  
Going to Hobbycraft now 
@shrinkwithme are you allowed to work other health product while with usana? are you allowed to sell to stores? look forward to tweeting 
@Suefromque It's taken me 10 yrs to learn restraint there lol. I adore Ikea and love their Swedish Meatballs for lunch 
going to the mall 
@2LittleMonkeys Oh no ... what happened?!    Shopping overload?
going shopping,, ! 
waiting to go shopping 
At the mall 
@JoshuaDRollins @bitmapped @mmaust @MoiraNous  thanks for the ALDI information 
@MajesticFlame yeah but not a good one...I think she is going to let me take her home...I'm at Petco stocking up on supplies 
So, my first offical drive was to Target 
I fucking love costco  . At the Costco in Fullerton.
@girasoli p.p.s.  I bought original phone 5 yrs ago @ Target, and 1st saw X-tc there. When I decided to buy - local store out of stock!
checked into a local boutique hotel for a staycation. 
I will always be addicted to shopping. 
@jasoncastro stop at convience store and grab some chips! 
I'm off to Costco in a bit to print off more photos for my photobook 
I like taking my dogs with me in the car when I run errands. They are always excited to go anywhere. like this morning to Krogers. 
Going to IKEA with the roomie so she can shop for her apartment. IKEA is in like my top ten stores that I love 
@CraftedClay  most name brands have dairy even if it's called 'semi-sweet' or 'dark'.  I'll try to get some in the HelloVeggies Store! 
@gheekchik hmmm...the one restaurant/one grocery is sad. not the dukbolgi. 
Home from the mall  &amp; got mommy's gift for tomrrow   
@tylarjay i was at the outlets too 
just came back from the mall 
at thee mall 
Going to bed, stores are closed 
@dbgrady Shop smart.  Shop S Mart.  
no food in fridge... time for grocery shopping... via internet!!  could get used to shopping like this.
@PeppermintMag thanks for posting that link. Just bought 2 items!  gorgeous store
mall with my mommy 
http://www.bhs.co.uk/mall/productpage.cfm/bhsstore/128496/209318 I saw this dress in the shop in pinkk &amp;+ tried it on  I lovee itt.! 
@panache I'm going to the Brewster General Store! 
@ the mall again 
@kristinhunteman I had my Aldi Canvas bag there but didn't get a chance to mention it!  Talk of another report, if so I'm going to Aldi.  
@songineverheard that pick of the Starbucks drive thru is in Vaughn Mills &amp; you should talk to your Starbucks man crush 
now has a store where you can buy prints and much much more! 
@JDIZME oh yes. I'm going to WalMart the night before and get it at 12am 
Going to the mall 
@recyclersREALM can't wait to see tour bag. I'll peek at your etsy store too. 
@toddvossen I thought the same thing when I couldnt find the fabric at Lowes. 
Too late. I already have one on layaway 
@gregkrauska well I have only one IKEA furniture that lasted, the others literally fell apart! But the good one is still going strong 
Tooths ok  now. Looking forward 2 the weekend! Shopping here I come 
pancakes for breakfast with my favorite...  now off to IKEA with my sis...
azn grocery shopppping 
leaving work to park in Leisure Mall Starbucks till 7-8pm 
@evzi say hello to that huge shopping mall 
Updating the store's page 
/stores/near/:postal_code is coming soon 
About to get dress and go to the mall........ 
@demiguise Just make sure you're out of the store by 9:25. That'll ensure you arriving early. 
where are the american apparel outlet stores?  i need that in my life.  
Grocery and then home to Vector... I need female subjects... @ me with a photo of one and I love you long time! 
@jfink77 Did you make it out of Target yet?  
@nicolerichie the mall is open on sundays 
@mcgravy_biscuit I know I was just hoping you would randomly stop by the store to hangout tonite 
@aivlysweetie How are things at the store tonight? Can you twitpic some pics of the best toys or hottest customers? 
went to the park and just came back from the shops 
found a Daiso in IOI Mall 
be right back ;) we'll just go to the mall 
@HAZELNUTPOCKY sounds fun  dianne did the esthetician program too. what are you working as? I just work at Target right now.
i take you to the candy shop... 
@VictoriaMia does Ikea not have their own casino? Cause if they do you're sorted right there 
@dontforgetchaos Do as I do. Shop online for clothes and food. Makes life far simpler! 
@RevancheGS maybe this is another excuse to go shopping! 
Having some coffee, thinking about things... Shopping for summer clothes today! Finally  Not a very nice to do so though.
@MorrisCompany I love your store 
@xoAdrianne I am going shopping at Yorkdale  what about you??
getting ready and then heading to the mall with heather! 
finally going to the mall! 
mall without crutches!   
At the mall with my mommy 
@kristinhunteman Gotta make my weekly trip to Aldi today!  
mall with kiley 
@RyanSchartz If you can buy the same thing cheaper on sale, it just makes 'em dumber, not cooler  (Says I Buy Mr. WalMart shirts. ;-)
at IKEA about to get una into the playground  then we will go and get her a bed. we are le awesome sauce
@sugarswirl yay...IKEA!!  I knew I shouldve come this weekend 
looking forward to the future   I can't wait to see what's in store for me.
@bryanbrinkman Costco is the same way  :/   Those Ikea Swedish meatballs are good! mmmm 
Store(s) make fruit salad order pizza get fruit salad and jello in the car and go to sue's 
Getting ready to go shopping .. 
Goodwill! 
@NovaWildstar @hannahpoulton Starbucks? if you're after that burnt, poorly made &amp; depressing chain store vibe then yep, starbucks is it! 
@mrdaps sounds like a good day to me! I love Target 
Just came home from the mall. We basically bought out the whole mall. 
Goodwill is a wonderful place, so many baubles and other curiousities to discover 
Tire fixed, on charge! I love Costco. 
@rebeccalhh omg when we open our vneck/moccasin store, everyone has to speak pirate 
@bagsnob I sometimes love when that happens. It's like going shopping/treasure hunting in your own closet! 
@RenovationThrpy the sister store to Neimans that sells home based items - Horchow 
i need to stay away from shoe shops... N handbag shops... N makeup counters... i will never learn 
clueless : at the mall 
is still going strong, work at 7a..ugh Walmart...I will have a wonderful lunch I believe! 
@18percentgrey We have a very large hasidic community up here, and we fondly refer to this one as the Wailing Walmart 
Scribd Store is growing up on tweetrends 
my design - PasswordManager is going to be upload in app store... 
It's a huge jewelry-making day here at the ranch. I have another store lined up..... 
@klbeasley It was good too... fresh snapper   Shop's changed hands recently tho.. not quite the same
@claymuse look at my shop!! 
@igitur - you still visit a video store? 
Finished up some banking off to shower the girls and get us all ready for the day... starting with a brave trip to the grocery store 
Going to the grocery store with mom and dad.  making sure we have stuff for conchitas!!!!
@nicaquino yes! just shoppy shop shop! i leave in july 
at the store/ mall 
is going to the mall 
Tomorrrrowww: workkk-go to the liqour store ;) - get his tattoo and partayyy 
Up since 7:00 am. Waaaay too early. [= Shopping today. I ? shoes.  SOme nice Nikes would be fine. I want that txt thing in germany! xD &lt;3
I love you too man, so much. &lt;3 Safeway bags, skateboards, and mcdermoth. 
going to the first Primark Store Opening in Germany 
Morning all  at the mall, waiting to get my haircut...
@Pheliziph you really like shopping don't you?  I need food as well... very hungry 
@smityas Hopefully our store is one of them. 
@DanielAlarcon Flog you some of my unused Kmart exercise books! 
chilling around, packing  maybe later shopping
I think I will just go to the next store and get a #wii with #EASportsActive 
TGIF! Shopping on weekends! 
http://twitpic.com/5opfa - The mall is almost empty ..I love it 
is bored! may take a wander to the shop! 
I just walked in the store and their playing admit it this is crazzzzzzzyyyy 
@astynes lol screw diplomatic on a friday arvie.  only winter clothes in the stores. *grr*
going to the mall with mahh mommaaaa 
@schrodinger212 yah I'm at the store now 
watching mall cop 
Out the door to the grocery store--yeah, time to buy healthy eats... 
Never underestimate the pain of a broken toe! It's been a week today and still hurts like hell. Target should make me feel better 
greetings from one of the macs in the apple store 
@chattgreenlife  hey Brittany, at Greenlife Grocery, nice to hear from you! 
going shopping!! 
Comfortable in the car!  drinking squirt from QuickTrip
@melissacarolina haha. It was random! Walmart trip turned into a snack trip 
had to stop at Target to pick up a book. 
@brianchouston http://twitpic.com/60x77 - We could watch Sav forever...and will! 
@marvisc i'm working at a clothing consignment store....reracking minion but i actually quite like it 
@cadycullen we need to hangout at le mall like old timmmeeesss 
@DrummerFrek I love pasta! And Target!! hahaha that's awesome! Congrats 
@JoannaSimkin Ralphs is open til at least 11pm...I think 
@GeorgiaPrincez ask her if she called the mattress store!!  
Actually LOVES WaWa hot chocolate 
gaaaahh...im soooo tired...just got home from the grocery store 
@feliciaday I didn't know you did a Sears commercial! I was just sitting in front of my TV, looked up from my laptop, and there you were! 
just got back from a store 
bought two new shorts from Aeropostale 
@OfficialAngie I am not opening the restaurant I am just the light designer 
@BreakfastatSaks have a deelish pastry and some good caffino in the a.m. ... at Tiffanys's, Saks, or wherever you may roam 
