Most common words for this cluster:
[('study', 747), ('exams', 40), ('time', 35), ('exam', 27), ('today', 26), ('day', 21), ('finals', 17), ('na', 16), ('research', 14), ('tomorrow', 13), ('lol', 13), ('school', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'study', 0.9592396020889282), (u'studies', 0.7252587080001831), (u'Study', 0.6713407635688782), (u'survey', 0.6602661609649658), (u'research', 0.6216126680374146), (u'longitudinal_study', 0.6213340759277344), (u'observational_study', 0.6087966561317444), (u'Wisconsin_Sleep_Cohort', 0.6047320365905762), (u'researchers', 0.6009173393249512), (u'Boston_DbTechNo_Results', 0.5970596075057983)]





@DiannePulham OOOOOOOO who with? (im not neither but thats because i need to study  )
Logging out. I need to study.... 
is in study hall now, and i will log off immediately.  http://plurk.com/p/mzxbg
Finally going to sleep and waking up early to study 
needs to study for quant and do legal process assessment for 2moro 
has to study math 4 econ but isnt in the mood 
Up early-ish to study before getting taken to lunch!! But then I have to come back from lunch and study more 
i have to study, but I don't want to  it's so booooooring
study study study. it seems to be never-ending. tests all the time.  
it's raining!  But it doesn0t matter... I stay in home because I'll be study
plans for this beautiful day: Study 
@maprangmalts eh....don't ask, it'll just depress you  study hard for exams!
Stats self-study! Then writing 
trying to do micro lab report and micro study guide for exam...but can't concentrate  and too lazy....
mmmm study study study  ooof procrastination such an aggravation.
@PurpleFoodie and just hit me.. want to go out to study.. so mayb quota for cooking is not over.. 
i want to watch more, but my downloads aren't working right now  wow i really should stop watching shows and study for ap tests -_-
@lucasricharz at least you're staying up to watch tv, and not study 
dang it... study break is almost over already 
Going to study  this sucks lmao
Doing religious studies coursework..badly 
Boring... i really need to study today. A LOT as well... I just need to get it over with. 
have to study yet    school is killing me &gt;.&lt;
back to studying ... did I tell you guys how boring it is to study for an exam...I'd rather do lab reports... 
I'm addicted to gothere.sg  I need to study aaahh
Has to work then study 
Trying to figure out when I will get time to study   
expressio study-o est exclusion funnio 
Trying to study networks... Such a boring subject.. 
I do not want to get up to study 
is &quot;trying&quot; to study  and is longing to watch some cricket!
needs to study for her exams 
argh i have to study business 
supposed to study orthodontics. hmmm 
alienating myself to go study... wish i wouldnt have to ... 
has to study hard today 
Study stiudy study. I want some koolaid 
I hate having to study on a sunny day... 
ugh-study time 
aaaaa i have to study     (stavroula)
where are the bloody results! i need to study badly  #awaresg
just back from paper 1! don't ask how i went, cause i seriously don't know!! disgrace!  no study mice and men :/
@iMBA arey no..i have my exams goin on.. i have to study 
fixen 2 go 2 bg and and then study 4 my s.s test 
I'm all better!! But now I have to study for finals and I really don't want to. 
almost done with the paper...then I have to study for finals 
didn't study enough today 
ugh... have to study for science test... 
It's too nice to study but I gottaaaaa 
work at 2. then study, study, study! 
Study hall, soo much work to do 
Working on the applied research project.. No findings of the project 
i just noticed how i missed study anatomy  #hoppusday
stressing out!!!!  why is there always too little time but too much material to study?? 
Still doing the research  i wana sleep now 
sitting waiting wishing this hideous study load would disappear 
the 1960s was surely a great decade to live in, but not a great one to study i'm afraid 
@constantine_inm I have to stay in and study! 
i gonna study  but i dont want!
is very very tired, but has to study all day 
Is it possible to study with this sun outside?! NO! 
@JESmakeup outline&amp;study for bizorg final, hw for econ, study for finance final    your day sounds way more fun!
chilling in the study lounge with megan on her last day here 
Meeting is over!!!! Now I have to study for my test 
church, lunch...now it's time to study, study, study! 
I wanted to study all day... but yet again, I fell asleep 
on my ten right now. tirredd! need to do essay and study 
really tired... have to study for cunninghams! 
need. to. study. 
Is back at school and is trying to study!! 
attempting to study. amazing wknd to say the least. missyou 
Working on my study questions for tomorrow 
Writing my research report, one of the many trials and tribulations of going to school 
didn't study enough this weekend  butilovesum1hehe
finals tomorrow  i wish i had more character and better study habits haha
study, study, study   ...love the sound of the rain though!
headed to bed with minimal study progress on the day...i may need an intervention where my tv addiction is concerned.  
goin to bed...definitly didn't study like i wanted to 
i hear crickets! i should sleep then i wont hear them but noooooo i gotta study 
trying to study here... and i'm hating it. 
have to study. 
i need to study real hard now. 
@mynameislloyd not good,study is hard.. 
@iamsuperme i need study! 
ahhh twitter is too addictive !!! must go study 
@KezzieN And I would say that i rather work than study. Exams are close and i'll have to study 3 weeks non-stop  ..what a life !
had an awesome Wappu and now trying to study maths and failing hard at it 
study pharmacology ... it sucks i need holiday 
meep have to study now 
I'm up! unfortunately...study time 
I have to study energy and sustainable development and I don't want to 
now I'm gonna study.. I hate this, but I have to do it 
sNeAkEr pimps&lt;study 
I have to study! 
off to study now 
i've to study, but i won't 
just woke up .. but i gotta study today 
Trying to write down my study objectives, I just so damn hard. 
Trying to write mu study objectives. It's just so hard. 
@thecircusgirl eeeehm... no x] i'm going to study  arrg i hate maths. love you?
@DollFace520 im so busy with school. this is the last month of school so i have to study study study study!  what abou youuuu??
my voice's screwed up. couldn't talk at all when i woke up. it's better now though^^, what's bad is that i have to study all day 
commerce study is dull to the max. I hate tests 
@4everaddicted haha i know xD i dont want to study for school 
waiting on declan, probably asleep the lucky buggar. library to study, then study at home more. social life where are you? 
@Mclovin094 argh i know. i hvent even stated my homework. and i didnt study AT ALL today  jghsdjsd
trying to study....No luck 
Lunch in the garden - bliss. Now for study time 
@RenaissanceAsh shame its the one sunday I have left to study 
too much on my mind atm to be bothered to study 
It's time to sleep..but i can't go to sleep..coz i hav to study..study..nd study.. 
Now, the serious study starts 
not wanting to study for my interpersonalt communication test 
I can't sleep  and I didn't study for the exam of chemistry
Study Study Study! FInals are tomorrow and all I can is study 
yogurtland study breaks are always good.  and yet still, amazingly awful ideas.  back to studying 
On study leave now 
did everything but study this afternoon 
I'm in double study hall and bored 
awful day full of study    
What do i do in two hours of study? So bored 
Study leave is amazing tbh  shame about having to do the exams tho 
@DivaWonderGirl i can't  and my cousin is having a test so she have to study, study, and study really hard, she's going to high school!
study halllll alone todayyy  soobored
study hall...ugh 
huaaaaaaaa study hard and i must finish my homework 
saw moraa!  but is dreading a study filld term 
hmmm i really have to study really hard on maths or i'll fail 
@joek949 need to study  that's what im up 2! lol
not in the mood to study 
Going to study, for real 
Trying to study real estate finance 
I have to study! NNOOOOOOOOOO! 
Just woke up! what to do.... Study? oh god no.... I hate that I have exams in a week 
Oh... i have to go and study, i said i would, after launch. THis time is now!  Maybe i can do it tommorrow...  oh no... i'd better go now!
does anyone have any good tips for curing hayfever? I've taken medicine... It didn't work  I need to study today and I cant concentrate!
@tazziie01. Lol he's not gonna be at school now  study leave
Trying to study maths, just seemed to be getting more confusedd 
ah FINALLY finished ind. studyy !! now gotta study some precal  blehh
@2uisKey bc I got finals 2 study for 
has to study and doesnt want to 
next 2 weeks - crazy busy studying!  study parties with kait! haha. can't wait for more shows &lt;33
off to study for hist n geo!!!!... 
mmm. i need to study for human heredity, but i'm already in summer mode. 
yet another day to survive! have to study environmental science before exam at 4pm :/ why didn't i study before!! ughhh 
about to do more maths study 
@school and so bored...just 20 min and then I can go home and then I have to study again 
@_alii i recon aii i have to study it in drama 
bout to go study. 
trying to study for exams... going to fail 
gotta study again! back to exams tomoro 
Hates mornings. Always sooo tired. I think I need to do a sleep study 
im trying to study for an electrical systems exam! 
I really don't want to get up to study 
is going to study 
I'm back. It's time to study History  :
i need to study!! 
still needs quite a number of participants for her research...  http://plurk.com/p/vfz3b
msn just died on me. :/ oh well, off to study 
Just wake up recently and find myself has study NOTHING for the next exam 
i dont wanna study or clean 
is very bored study leave is schnit and rihanna is nickin my biscuts   they were bought for me but no she has to nick them 
gtg u guys! hav 2 study 4 the exammm 
Wow so that just happened  no medical study for me
Going to study... I don't want to go!!  (But I have to.)
study  for  final exam minggu depan  http://www.omaQ.org
I miss my study abroad family   http://tinyurl.com/ojsk8y
have to study for stupid finals 
Thinks its to cold to get up and study 
where can i find an indian youth study on the web for free. i know its asking for much 
needs to study for spanish 
just preparing my self study 
...I have to study .... 
starts tomorrow and I start to study again 
  it is on environmental studies and driving me mental
i seriously neeed to study 
@bcyde I still haven't figured out what to do with them, sadly  So It'll take some more research before I know what's what.
really need to study, many books many updates  :~ 
Ugh! I wanna play dnd but i know i'm going to fail this final. I NEED to study 
In a period of exams days are for study and nights for study and sleep... no funny time... 
sooo reluctant to study for finals right now.... but i have to 
is in skwl now, and i dont really wanna study.. i saw him --&gt; J***I and makes me feel down.. 
study island. 
Is trying to read and study I can't focus 
@SQUASCHOOM what you up to apart from blymp ? i have to do careers and study for english and maths as well 
work work work. study study study! ..ahh im tired 
study...exams 
my phone is dead and I don't have a charged yet  now I have to study without texting.
have to study for exams  darnnnn it
Its so hot out and I have to stay in and study   
gonna study for commerce. then, online. study is what that tires me. 
such a nice weather and I have to study 
So today...study 
no work no study ... only rest 
ahh i have to study for my exams 
need to study 
is going to study for finals soon! 
Trying to study - finding it hard 
is studying  weather is too nice to study
@LoWaldorf glad u're havin' fun! now, go back to reality, study! ugh i hate it! i hate doing my report 
I'm sleepy and I have to study... again and again and again... 
@dinibeanie yeah trying to study so hard right now.  how are you going with exam study? ... blink 182 are the best. 
did study today  YAY!! still so much to do 
@jessieCAB i didn't get study guides for any of my classes. I kept asking and i guess they dont do that at rancho 
all i do is study 
its too nice out to study 
@Azizco910 study here.  i just hate waiting!
@faraah this is our life  study machines
I am already cracking open the study chocolate.. it is going to be a long week 
study on a sunday 
I just got done studying for finals, really tired and have to study tommrow this sucks!!!!! 
Tireeed  Lalala happay with my findings!
its my birthday! and i have to study 
wants to study but can't make herself do it 
been doing maths study all morning still haven't finished... should probably do some english now. it is never ending 
needs to study on a sunday. 
time to study 
grrr tied down with exam study!!! 
grrr tied down with exam study!! 
i'm sooooo tired. and now i have to study math 
@Kazooey13 don't pity me.... il die if i have to go study hall 
A whole day to study again 
back in melbourne - study central 
groceries then study 
trying to study... but can't concentrate! 
I'm not ready to study ..  xd
is forced to study maths 
I really do not like study 
doo da doo... I have to study!! 
@JBREEZealand awww luckyyy, no adventures here .. jst boring winter.  what u gnna study?
hols to me this year isn't going to be fun...  no total resting or relaxing at all! study study study! wth!
I have to study and go on studying until dinner time 
I have to study all day. I have exams. 
 i need my study buddy! this isn't working out!
Not in a study modd, it's such a beautiful day out! 
should not have drank last night.....even though it wasnt that much, i need to study for physics now 
Going to study Geometeryyy 
going to my bestfriends housee to study for s.s 
i have to study for english and biology exams today. blahh i dont wanna 
has to study now... 
And many tests to study for  didnt even start (of course.) lol
i have to study 
is loving the sunshine, but wishing I didn't have to stay in and study 
trying to study for the leaving cert  sun isnt helping!
going to study  u.u
time to study 
i dont want to study 
my head really hurts =/ need to study moreeeeee! 
has to study for chemistry regents 
Going to study for finals 
sorry for not tweeting often right now... exams are coming up and a have to study 
Not keen for chemistry tomorrow... Aaaaaaaah i need to study! 
Why we have to study? 
Off to go study for my math final 
Late sunday night study sessions 
BURNT  trying to study but i cant.
@Jillzarin awww im in high school &amp; i have 2 study too; it sucksss 
i have to study 
omgosh, finally finished work. Now I have to study. 
@sophiaxxxx can't soph, i need to study  have fun!! xxxxxxxxxx
Really not feeling the study this morning 
needs to study and do laundry 
trying to study for french exam 
@StephybOOp I jussss got bac I'm soo tired and gota study bccc I haven't at all 
ditched by 2 study groups although one I was only in for a little so its ok.. I guess  #finals #stress
Bweuh, have to study now ..  Wish I were already on holidays ..
just woke up, had disgusting breakfast and lets go study...again 
I dont want to go to my external studies but i have too 
@taki_serbia  good morning... Study for me today  pfff.. i wont have time not even for poophing
it is too beautiful day to stay at library and study 
study.study.study! noooo  just want to do wat i want to do! sigh
@JessKeir Ah I have to study hun and feel so bored to do so too meh 
goodmorning. i need to study. 
*sigh* awake too late, don't want to get up and study 
have 2 study now 
really feel bad to study in school on holiday 
Exams ugh  im going to fail, i didn't study enough. Wish me luck!
has to study for chem now. 
i have to study math!!! 
I have to study french ... 
success so far on my exams... But still I have to study - with 30 degrees on balkoony... 
Trying to study but it's not fucking happening !!!  the pressure to pass is too much for me
is sleepy but have to do research... 
time to study 
@beaverbunch study study study this weekend for me  exam in an hour and a half!
tired! and anxious about the essay exam. didnt study as much as i would have liked 
study  saaave me, so bored!
I have to study for my exam 
so tired from my dance classes, but i have to study german 
 I need to study harder...
Just got home, it's really hot here and now i have to study for the exams 
Lying on my bed trying to study 
@surveyspot   Why did you guys stop sending me invites for surveys?
@ilantia i am in study panic and won't be able to make it, sorry 
trying to study for historyy 
i guess i have to study 
i wish i was with @britanyflaherty and @baamkristeenx3 but no i have to study 
Getting my permit tomorrow so I probably need to study 
need to study, but i just cant focus 
is dreading having to study...make it stop 
only starting to study for finals now.. 
@LOLunavailable I chose to chat instead of study for gov, and now I have to wake up in 6 hours and still have to study gov. 
@bernasunoit it doesnt let me save link as  HAHA bible study??!?!?!?!?!?!  i need gods wisdom we shall go!!
needs to study more...  http://plurk.com/p/xtazz
ba8y 3 hours and i didnt study yet 
I'm glad it's the holiday but I still have study camp  But I'm sure it'll benifit me when I do my PLSE.  &gt;-*=b
@kaoskongo I wish I could say the same to me as well - have to study for exams during my leave!!! 
back, now its study timee 
need some kinda inspiration to study. 
attempting to study for the psych exam 
I have both english papers tomorrow :O so much study to do  X
didn't study for math at all. need to memorize formulas tonight and study tomorrow 
@souksamrane omgawd I'm trying to study for that right now 
study is not goin every well 
It's nearly midnight - I finally have the chance to study and I'm bloody tired... great, like usual 
is trying to study real hard but do far has been unsuccessful 
I am sooo not in the mood to study 
@philiplaureano Unfortunately, I don't.  I don't think any such survey has been done yet.
oh i dont know whether ill b able to study now or not 
i think its time to put down the guitar and study for bio... 
its difficult to study when you're feverish.. 
i have to study 
Uhhhhhh I still have 2 study math......crap. 
reading precept.org, trying to figure out which Bible Study to do next, since the other one ended last night 
i'm too lazy to study for the ACT 
is pretty tired right now...It's almost 2am and I'm not even half-way through my 100-page study guide 
Ugh i have a headache, but I need to study. 
@jubyrne i didn't notice how much there was to study 
red bull, work, study, red bull, work, study..... my life is amazing right now!!!! 
I need to study for my science exam tomorrow 
I wish that my school was cool enough to have study groups  this history revision needs the help of other brains
@LBrown16 hmm there is definately a desire to bake but no, revision all the way!! I want to create a study group  I know you woyld join ;)
is @ siglap starbuckz. I dont know how to study for j1  bother.
can somebody help me to get concentrate? i always want to watch tv when i have to study 
Morning twitter! Study day today 
have no motivation to study all the day 
Lot to study today, I'm so tired 
@gravecarriage i can't take it pala.  it's graduate studies.
is too tired but needs to study for an exam 
k i really hope i still get to go to church today or at less bible study 
I have sooooo much homework to do in so little time. Not to mention I have to study for the SATs which are on saturday... 
i wanna study but i can't really tired 
i have 2study but i'm soooo tired!! what am i suppose to do?  
shifra, i dont know if i can make it tomorrow, i really need to study for the SATs, im soooooooooo sorry. 
@hakimosman and I have to study 
@FreakFlagFlyer I won't go now.I have all saturday to sleep.Or at least some of it.I have to study for my exams too.  How old are you?
Needs a study buddy! 
study-udy-udy  exams for the next week. joy..... :|
Right, hangover almost conquered - means I have to study then ! 
exam time [] i dont want to study 
study hard for exam  huhu
@maceymapanao I'm worried about our research too 
finals next week  study study study
i dont want to study 
@lilgolffairy Trying to study but the dog is barking.. 
I'm soo fricken bored and I have stupid tests to study for and assignments to do. 
trying to study for my exams....but i seem to find it rather difficult..look how sunny it is outside 
@smart0y LOL trust me i will come and kill them wiyak bs wai3 i dunno how to start i hate to study and i dunno how to do it 
ahhh have to study heaps exams next week 
just woke up and going to study again 
has to study! 
I see the sun! paramm paramm! but I have to study 
soooooooo beautiful out today. to bad I have to study 
gotto study for final xams. I hate it. so boring 
I did not study today I am so screwed 
Study on weekend is so depressing 
so tired!! i dont want to study!! 
tired  I'm going to go study... after i take a lonnnngggg nap.
headache.headache.headache. Not conducive to writing a case study 
I dont want study leave to end  I love waking up whenever I want, I don't think I can deal with getting up at 7:30
Urggggg idk if I can't make kalebs blogtv  I'm going to my friends house it study. It matters how fast I get bored.. I really wanted to go
i hate exams coz it makes me study during weekend 
@meganmetzger good choice the nap!  I wanted to have it but I had to study 
is doing fucking study 
is it a good thing that connection is not working well when you're suppose to study? 
Has been struggling to study efficiently for the last 2 weeks 
@bunnzben Aww  Study hard! The break is when you finish! 
trying to study but failing miserably 
everytime we think we've finished typing in all the survey data for analysis...we find a new stack. 
@NancyCubbins HAHA you're lucky... I just can't study, cause I am not in the mood to ( I have to study maths and I hate it 
@JakiraPresley i need to study too...  hate it!
Going to study now! 
time to study 
@xelisamarie I should just hand it in like that, y/n? now only one more assignment to go, then study 
ahhhh. really need to study!! but so lazyyy.  
uughhh..my examinations is coming,i feel so bored to study 
@srkneo vacation!! u're luuuckYY! i'm trying to study 
@kayte_girll i'm trying to study music and galician 
@kateesslemont yep. that is the correct conclusion. we should pulish a study about it and then write a lit review - we both know how 
footy was fun! ahh have to study now 
@Debsweishi haha come study with me. i just changed my essay topic. 
@nonafairuz nonaaaa I need the study guide 
arabic tutar is here g2g study arabic 
Because i'm doing GCSEs early I should have study leave   
Trying to study business for the tuesday 
I really dont want to study. 
study day 
I'm to lasy to study right now but I have to 
studies again... 
yesterday I'm  going to biblio for study!!! exams!!! 
@kirstenin I know  She's leaving so that she can finish her studies.
trying to study but i have to deal with all this stress!! i don't need this right now 
study time  save me
this background sucks! but ill change it later  i hav to study
it's late but I HAVE to study  night..
Going to bed...didn't study enough...will get up at 6.00 am 
FInally finished with my paper!!! Now I have to study for three finals 
study is very hard to start 
and study and study and...test tomorrrow..this should be fun 
@motherlove_ I can't get to the survey..... 
I just spent the last three hours preparing to study now ill study for 100 hours 
study study study study. wtf is with radicals and factorizationn.  so hard!
So many movies I want to see! But I have to study.... 
today i will: study for bio, study for history, study for r.e (yeah we have an r.e exam- how screwed up) and study for my health sac 
just made fried rice...it was great...now i gotta study later 
need to study for business and do religion assignment 
@Rcus ohh i didn't realise you were on study leave! how long do you have to study? i only had a week of study leave 
attemptin to study for this psy final 
is so tireddddddd, but needs to study 
now i have to study, study and study ! history and biology... it sucks ! but i have to do it, or i will die  bie twit, 
exhausted from working a double...now time to study for a midterm 
many faculty begins their study today, but why mine was early than others 
business study time!  So worried. :S
still packing my notes omg suddenly annoyed that i had to go agree to working for the next four days, i need to study 
trying to study for exams...grrrr 
@chris_mccallum i think i'm going to go to the doc... just getting worse  study hard - you can do it!
trying to study, but failing 
trying to study for accounting. and failing 
@cfsam i sure am  and that kinda gave me an urge to not study for the prac tmr 
at last! done with the schoolworks..now i have to study for the quiz O.O 
is trying to study 
@SannyBanny aaahww damn that sucks  Do you really have to study the whole summer then?!
Lying around in the study room. I'm supposed to study! 
haven't been around much because I have exams soon and need to study  looking forward to having more time for fashion....
last study hall with my bff karoline.  so sad   i love coleman. he. is hot
is Study for exam....  http://plurk.com/p/1144ln
I think I have a little headache  maybe becuz I have to study History..? :o)
ugh I overslept and I didn't study.  haha. my fault.
is trying to study science, final today 
great uni has ended but i still have a research report to do...  i guess i asked for this..
vaccine...the worst thing ever; I'm headache, stomachache and I'm SO asleep and just because one stupid vaccine and I NEED to study math! 
well..going to study 
i have to study maths again 
one more test and then summmerrrrrrrrr! .... but now i need to study 
study for her exams  .!
study geography. that bad luck 
Why can't I make myself study? I really need to make an A in this class but I'm just not motivated to study 
i'm with a headache  but i have to study a lot for the exams
Trying to study for exams -&gt; failing 
going to study for the geometry regents!!! 
I wanna sleep but I need to study literature! AAAAAAH! 
unfortunately, have to study... 
bored and don't wanna study for spanish 
Couting down the minutes to go home. Then I have to study. 
getting a midnight snack! study some more and off to bed! i should get more sleep 
i should probably get off facebook, i have to study 
Trying to study INS 23...so boring...no pictures 
working on my math study guide and still on the first side of the first page...its been like an hour 
I don't know! I didn't study all day 
study work study work. its all i do anymore 
tomorrow is the last day.. THANKGOD. and then i just have to do my exams - study study study 
So fail at study.... so so so much fail... 
was hoping to become ambidextrous by doing all my study left-handed, but it's too slooooow  hehe
@ohjujubee noooooo 2 exams on thursdayyyyy  yeah owl city! very good study musicc
The drilling downstairs is making hard for me t study  Shiat constructionxxzz!
just randomly passed out for two hours....wtf...now I have to stay up later to study damn it 
The drilling downstairs is making me hard t study! 
I don't wanna study again....! 
study  how boring.
help me to make cast study marketing strategi @nandiia and @desyarey pleasee 
just trying to research 1950's but is gettting very distracted 
Going to do study for my biology test! 
i need to study but i'm tempted to fall asleep right now 
planning how to study.........    ........its difficult even to plan.....
I really need to study now. @-) 
i want japan now.... screw studies! they make me unhappy 
I have to study economics today .. 
really bored to study.... 
@ohhushmusic why do you post the good stuff when i have to study my exams? 
on study leaveeee . need help with my chemistry 
have to study maths 
at moms office. then physical therapy, then study then class. 
I just wrote a whoLe social studies essay on why we should save the rainforest 
@nandiia buat study case pokoknyaaaa, helep dongg helep 
I have to study  something obout electromagnetism...... but later I will play some basketball 
just had dinner, jammyy. now i really have to study! 
back home need to study physic 
Study for my Stats class tomorrow. It's annoying to say the least - the hardest part is figuring out which statistical test to use 
What can I do besides study! XBl is down 
about to study for anatomy... 
oh no I haven't finished to study yet  awww
Study,study,study and more study iugh!  why me?uhm.!
I need to buckle down and study for my French midterm...but I hate it. 
study study study i hate uni exams!!! 
@twinfraser I'm sorry that I'm not on! I have to study all night! 
@anginator_x3 I'm trying to study but it's not working 
have to go study for exams 
I NEED to study. I have a huge test tmro 
i want to sleep  but i have to study :/
so many things i need to study for but i just cant be bothered 
@Nevenaa lunch too early? have study date for exam firday 
twitter is not study 
back from shopping it was a blast  . now gotta study for exam 
waiting for the rain to come... It's just to hot to study... 
Should really get up and study 
Up to study for orgo final 
Having hard time with my study 
study, study and more study! gee right now my life is all about study 
eerrrrrrrrhggggg case study 
Study, again !!! 
@LindaZimany you have to study for what? 
is struggling with his research 
is going to study.  http://plurk.com/p/11mb73
@chrisilluminati dont think a formal study has been done, BUT I had to replace a toy that originally cost me $25 and it cost me $50 now. 
let's study chemistry. i really need 9,5 
Ugh so hard to wake up.... Annnnd now I have to study 
@drewryanscott I could go on whole dayyy but I have to study at some point  #HappyBirthdayDrew ily &lt;3
Study ( again -_-') history i don't like it 
so not in the mood to study for the final exam 
off to study physics ... ew 
its really hard to study again 
Going to study for alg 2 now  lol!
i have to go study ........ again 
Wow study study study finals 
@imalexevans i wish i could, but i have to study!  it sux
(~_~) ok ok HOURSS later and I still havent started  headed for the redBuLL n study piLLs yayyy medSchooL
going to study english! 
I took a nap... and know I have to study... -_- not good 
@xoxnaquel haha study? you're kidding. i don't even study... i didn't study for chemistry today, and i think i failed 
i need to study more T_T i hate &quot;desenho geometrico&quot; hihi 
trying to study..physics suck 
Ughhhh...I feel soooo sick and I have a test to study for! This is why I hate exercising. Migraines and nausea...this can't be normal. 
going to study more.....grrrr 
needs to stop being distracted and study for tomorrow's paper 
answering survey... 
Not feeling too good, but i have to study 
I dont want to study!! 
bye i'm going to study in class ! 
My FAM left  But I have a busy day!  Study group, micro lab final, out to lunch (:, interning.
Is attempting to study for her exam 
@IamOshiel LOL I was trying to study  failing exams gosh
is gonna do some study... 
cold, need to study. But I reeeeally don't want to 
got to study the lymphatic system and respiratory system 
seen tv and trying to study(how bad is that 
I dont want to study any lonnnnger ! 
Study time again...I think I'm starting to burn out already 
dont want to study 
i realllyyy dont want to be working. i still have to study for math and i'm going to be here all night 
Going to study..... 
i have to study, but I'm way down 
poor study participant listed his usual frequency of sexual activity as 1/year and had a heart attack 5 min after. That's sad 
yay done with study guides. now to actually study. 
needs to study science A LOT more 
i need to study!! 
off to bed, tomorrow have to study 
is now more than an hour behind in her study timetable 
so tired. but must...finish...papers... and..study..for..finals... 
Lonely weekend...study time 
looking forward to a quiet weekend of lots o' study 
Fucking exhausted 6 hours left and I still gotta study 
so tired from my study  
worried about my training study... it's going to get a loot longer as I thought 
: m actually supposed to go n study.. but... it seems like m GLUED to to the screen.. 
Trying to study, really, but i have a massive headache 
2hrs til the math regents  i didnt study or pay attention all year but i still passed with an A+ =D
A hectic weekend ahead  Study and only study 
I have to feel better... and have to study really hard 
I don't know what to do with research. 
My iPhone has arrived! Now it's study time... 
i have to study now 
Just finished to study! What I'm gonna do now? 
Is back soon for a new study session 
trying to study for the biggest test, next week! but isn't working, i think LOL 
getting ready for bible study. It's hot 
I need to study. 
No drum lesson today as I need to study  #squarespace
@coconeko i'm sure you did better than me... i am going to have to actually study next time 
is going to work soon...and then has to study for his exams 
tired right now but need to study 
is bone tired!!! but still have to study 
i'm tired to study for the exams.... 
have to study. 
ow my head hurts  i need to study, study, study.
I have to study 
just woke up now i have to study for my science exam 
study on the weekend?? pathetic! yes, i am.. 
time to study 
Trying to study, but the neighbor's lawnmower is too loud!!  
- trying to open that book to study! yuckkk 
Fifthiethh tweet! xD  anyone fancy writing me a personal study essay? ;D 
Hanging out with sister and then study... 
i Have to my own laundry today, clean my kleets, Study for math, convince my mom to let me go to train bridge, and probably other stuff 
gotta study this weekend 
Trying to study for my eggjams...  not going so well
i cant believe how much i have to study 
@Mehtariel for the moment...I'll have to do some graduate study but first I want to travel...you may hear less from me 
trying to study for mathhhs and french 
Tired and trying to study...not working...failing an online class should not be an option for me 
time to study 
Doesn't wanna study for her finals 
I miss christian  and leon and I need to freaking study
@burcusinem but this is not fair !  i have to study !
Given up on study, going to bed now and praying that some how i will have a good study 2mrw 
just got home doing some eco efficiency study 
just woke up,need to study for my driverslicence 
Trying to study for my upcoming exams but I am too lazy 
Trying to study for the upcoming exams but I am too lazy 
Boyfriend brought me breakfast, but now I have to study 
study study study and... guess what? study 
ooh it was great last noght i had soooo much fun  but now i have to study 
trying to study for examss   
i dont want to study  but w/e
playing xbox360 demos w/ bobby, i dont want to study l8r 
have to Study  for economics and english final 
doing my physics study guide 
so so SO tired! But I have to study 
i have to study for my P.A.T tomorrow! 
I have to study 
tireeeed! but i have to study! 
got a certification for quality standards tomorrow... damn I got to study 
Debating if I want to go to Beurit for a 4 week study abroad or not 
trying to study  ...but going to the beach!
I have to go and study  
I need to study for portuguese, but it's such a unsualess (I don't know if this word exists) subject. 
says early morning...study time again..boo  http://plurk.com/p/13d5kt
time for copious amounts of homework..and endless assessment study 
shiiiiit. late homework   oh well. study study study!
i kenot study anymorez. 
I'm going to study... 
going to the gym.. have to study later on today..  what are you guys doing?
http://twitpic.com/8d23l - Trying to complete my research  taking so long!
I cant study anymore. 
I won't sleep today, I'll study study and study! 
reading blogs during study hall 
@mormolyke an independent 3rd party lab /study needs to duplicate your results before they can be deemed conclusive 
love this tune and fuck study 
love this tune and fuck study  #asot400
wooooooooooooh study :/, who's a tropihc relationships expert? ahaahh. good day 
@sidesey how is research going?? 
bored  home. then study udy udyy!
@jessmccarter I'll report back my findings 
study night with the girls...yes, we are still up 
playing around with survey monkey... survey coming soon 
@jadennation cookies *after* study periods? Just let me know... 
@diwwona hey i could give you my study to do, im sure that would send you off to sleep LOL 
is still amused from last night lol!  about to study for my english final.
Going to study today!!! But after lunch of course 
@lcuk The study is being remodelled - this is me wiring it up in preparation for that 
off to study for geography 
poppy left time to study study study or.....watch some tv 
ah still hurts. cant even walk to the library to study. 1 more week 
is doing the study thing 
really need to split myself into 3! 1 to study, 1 to do housework and 1 for ministry and work. LOL! 
trying to study a thing or two 
Off to study!  later guys
@marika75 music-habits - I'll join your study 
Feeling some butterflies today   Study study study contracts; gonna ace this, then on to the write-on competition for the journals.
@elizabethlai Just study according to the notes that you had to copy and you'll be fine. 
i have to study :O talk to you later  xxx
trying to decide what to do tonight. Study Chem or write the night away. The night's still young, perhaps I'll do both 
@junkyardbluess Report your findings to me 
partying in the study room 
@danielleamelia what research? fun! 
study leave  the greatest thing ever  X
i guess it will take a real study that i need to undertake before i find #wolframalpha useful! hehe 
resuming back to a normal schedule starting tomo!  i need to study more *sigh*
saw moraa!  but is dreading a study filld term 
now time to study! here we goo NERDY! 
@ungerik can't read the study from here, but if they based the study on me - um, no 
has to study a lot for final exams again.. blgg! I will feel like in heaven when I've hopefully passt them 
I need to study but i'm so tired now. i think a catnap will do 
DOing study and uni project, 1 semester to go 
About to get my study on hella hard 
Hey chicklet! Survey says...none, you should go to the zoo! 
doin my study guide 
http://twitpic.com/5dgzm - cat helping study again  #cutecats
@amir mohit ..Really study hard  i dont think so
i'm so excited to study my course medical technology. hoho. 
in the library now!!!  supposed to study dnt but maybe later
study hard for university exam 
This is my first post . I think im going to enjoy twiiterc  .  I try to stop by 5 and study my amath .
I'm tweeting on the move agghh - in transit between the sixth form centre and the study 
study halll no proctor 
@AlwayzSmooth pulled an all nighter..i have a test i didnt know about in a few hours  had to study study study lol
@sunshine_  yala study hard 
@lidiaaw LOL...did you study for bio?! and how was the musical 
Studying music. The only subject I want to study. 
planning a field study with travel agents. this should be fun 
@StormChaser_81, yes I did and YAY. U study good 
Study time is over. If I had a fivehour energy I would prolly stay up so I wouldnt forget.Lol I think commen sense left me in the process 
is excited by my new survey tool 
for the next week I will have to put twitter to a bare (bear?) minimum. i gotta study study! alright, well i guess this is goodnight 
I am wide awake now  Going to do some Bible Study!
has an exam but didnt study 
@codypellerin how'd the bible study go? (the one where you said you were doing for a youth group) just curious 
