Most common words for this cluster:
[('studying', 137), ('awh', 55), ('research', 48), ('university', 34), ('studies', 26), ('study', 24), ('psychology', 24), ('thesis', 22), ('economics', 21), ('lab', 20), ('day', 18), ('paper', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'studying', 0.7288247346878052), (u'developmental_psychology', 0.6859856843948364), (u'studies', 0.6795241832733154), (u'EDUCATION_BA', 0.6738712787628174), (u'EDUCATION_Bachelor', 0.6656594276428223), (u'studied', 0.6650055050849915), (u'PhD', 0.6648534536361694), (u'evolutionary_anthropology', 0.6637088656425476), (u'sociolinguistics', 0.6557428240776062), (u'study', 0.6528180837631226)]





@daniela_95616 my english professor would be ashamed. 
@thenickel No fair! I wanna play, but I have stupid work and three hours of Economics 
don't know about that Business Law test I just took...not looking forward to the Quantitative Analysis test at 10 
dissertation and it is hatefull 
english lectures suck 
aephi picnic then some major studying at hillman 
still working on that research paper 
in the campus pc lab because i don't have photoshop.  
is trying to study geography, but too sleepyy. Its 4 a.m... I'll never be able to finish this stuff... 
Awh's!! I saw a tape in my radio and it's me and charleen singing  what ever happened to our friendship? :/
printing anatomy/biochem lecture notes 
Were I to meet one of these PhD Linguist marketing consultants, would get groin-punchy, unless he or she is way bigger than me. 
Still in bed writing more dissertation and all I really want to do is to sit and play flock 
Writing thesis is overrated 
has no clue what to write her dissertation on 
Trying to get through masive amounts of coursework 
I'm trying to write my thesis...don't think I will make it 
workin on my english research paper 
Awh i lost two followers  sad face.
Trying to write my thesis 
@rubenpedraza what do u want to do??? i have to study economics 
But I still don't have any perfect experiments to show them 
lectures..blah  and so it begins...
@blasha ministry of education 
has just woke up and needs to start editing that dissertation 
writing chapter 5 of my diploma thesis 
@boagworld if only i had finished my degree 
is doing her dissertation 
i have a dissertation 
business studies next with a student teacher. how delightful. or not. bad times. 
yaiks! i'm not in the mood to study for the histology, pathology anatomic, and microbiology practical exam; but yet i still have to do it 
barely awake. spring break is officially over. back to 8am psychology 
getting ready for lecture 
almost done with 1x research paper... sadly it'll be completely free of cat-like-typing 
still working on assignments &amp; it sux that the govt doesn't think doing an MBA fulltime is worth supporting  need an income quickly
My brain is filled to the brim with economics theories. When will this end? 
I miss research *sigh* 
Loves U of A and is sad the Semester is over!!  All of my seniors and those not coming back will be well missed!!!
Is not going back to University next year and is really sad about that! 
fatigued. have to write research paper and do french project tomorrow 
@pandaaMONIA  i sat down n tried to study 4 bio.. now my neighbours band decides to start singing.they are shitty and it hurts my ears 
Bonfires are the best.  Studying allll day tomorrow. 
back to boring studying 
hurry up with the votes!  i can't concentrate on studying.
Just found out that my second thesis supervisor had passed away from breast cancer. 
wishing I had a balancing ball to sit on, it looks fun &amp; comfortable  also, f sociology
looks like i need to do more research. SO lame 
Is doing her Economics assignment 
I sort of lost my passion for teaching 
@toeslaughter is busy studying and she can't chat with me  It's alright since she's studying. All the best, bitch!  You can do it!
Awh man tyler got off of stickam and I didnt get my shout out  dang
is stressing out! Too much pressure---i need to focus on my history final---i havent even done research for my eglish research paper yet. 
@CeciliaMadness I hope TAI comes soo bad!  I'm going into University next year, and I might not be able to go to shows 
Still working on my research paper! 
@cmschnic Haha I've still never been inside Informatics! Studying is getting the best of me  
Studying for exams and trying to finish this paper that my professor emailed us all about and wants it tomorrow. 
what is religion? 3 exams out of 7 done so far. studies of religion is next 
@cimangss Why did it bring you to tears? Awh 
@ERMalarkey Studying all day today  No msn bebo or twitter til im done. I'm putting my foot down. &gt;.&lt;
started the lab records at last.... so much to write 
stuck doing pyschology essay how boring!!! 
Attempting to write my dissertation 
i hate stupid research projects!!!!!!!!!! 
Just cryed watching greys anatomy. 
colloquium 5 soon !! 
Loong day of work ahead. I hate Psychology 
professor layton makes my brain hurt 
The song statistics does not help in the studying of the subject. 
Just come outta the sauna...kinda cold...gonna go wash ma hair and then revise coz i gotta Psychology exam on friday 
off to work until 7. then the studying has to begin 
@keclarino you're not alone, i'm doing my research paper tooo.  i stayed in last night to work on it.. haha
is hiding in the law library... studying.. studying.. hungry though 
Almost finished with studying!!! Yay for reviewing afterward. 
Mendelian genetics, gene flow, and mutations. I really just want to go to sleep. 
Fucking hate this Consumer Psychology assignment 
Does anyboy know Biostatistics?? 
@MariahHoneyLee yeah i have to take that next for my psychology degree too....I'm not looking forward to it 
@FASHIONISMYLIFE i know!!  i'm just preparing 4 ma exams these days....feeling so retarted by studying all that physics and biology :S
Sociology unit 1 in two hours, joy. 
is about to head off to his Market Research exam 
has just lost all science study notes, because her computer froze ;(  if you have any notes, please send them to me.
In a materials lecture, it is dull. The lecturer was doing so well this course. 
@purrsikat it feels like u r left out hey?  yup - back to my thesis with me after short break
Economics is bloody boring 
revising buisiness studys 
@beckers_ doing criminology at leicester uni. For the most part i enjoy it, but they have worked sociology into my degree which i hate 
Psychology exam tomorrow ergh  time to fail!
sociology oral  i hate life. not really. i just hate sociology orals.
Everybody's heard that the bird is the word!  Studying 
what a shitty lecturer i have for the last few lessons of brain n behaviour 
so my first post..if you're following me, sorry i'm not more interesting   Studying for a quiz that's due tomorrow. wish me luck.
I so wanted to pursue my MBA from ISB. But it's mean age intake of 27 that matters me the most. 
is hungry. and disturbed. dissertation going nowhere 
@teamcyrus im really bored  too! im studying biology 
Last week of school! Semester exams, though. 
missing the 24hr Kinkos on University 
Professor mailed the grade to my house but won't tell me what it is 
Psychology here i come 
I've been studying all day... more like procrastinating all day. Studying on and off. All nighter? Looks like it's going to be... 
@pete_darby you Twittery expert: I don't even know what that means 
...and she has just gone. I officially hate the end of the University year! It's taking all of my friends away from me! 
is feeling rather morose.could be the prospect of spending a whole lovely wknd studying 
so tired. 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 sociology chapters done 1 to go. and alot of anthro. 
is still up, attempting to study for the Economics final. 
@ether_radio Awh no, I'm sorry to hear that 
taking Session C summer classes, Econ 1! Hopefully I hate it but learn a lot, don't want to switch majors  PEIS is tempting though...
grey's anatomy is making me cry. 
had a nightmare about my dissertation's results... urgh 
@professor12 gray! .... i so feel neglected 
off to my Psychology class. 
won't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Sunner Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding 
31 degree centigrade is much hotter than 30 degree centigrade 
'You look like an eighth grader.' Awh 
Aw, my connection's too slow, and I had my heart set on some Elvira. I need a friend with a PhD in horrorology and a movie collection. 
I wish i could still go clubbing with amanda, but im downtown and shes 30 min away from me and leaving in 8 minutes. Awh 
@hannaahlenn17 I dont know but our teacher in social studies said it's the end 
I don't get my economics, i hate it 
economics is SO hard 
@Whitnass lol I'm still a undergraduate  but i'll take all of what you suggested into consideration! WAVVVVVVVVYYYYYYY
i feel sick  at christina's studying with amandaaa...
@HollieSSargeant I know!! I would so do a degree in that! Lol we ace it... If only... 
I always have no concentration when the subject I have to research I have no interest in. 
ugh I'm taking a break... anatomy project is sooo boring! 
Awh wee subo 
@yeoshina  Awh, we wish you were here, too. 
@lovekristina Awh that's sad  Junior year was my best year by far
attempting to finish my science assignment on the atomic theory so i can start my website. school work comes first 
@Cincylovesnkotb Awh, i'm sorry to hear that. Its okay. 
Awh  being broke sucks. I love you lee :]
at university and am so damn tired..besides i failed in psychology 
@DanielMoroney lol have you done your business studies coursework, all of the three sections? i haven't even started 
She's using reverse psychology on me.....and it's working. 
my final grade in apush for this semester: 78. uuughhh two more points and i would have been exemptttt, now i have to study for it 
@LogicalThoughts The previous prof used to teach it and it was just removed from the syllabus less than a month ago 
I have to study Research today of all days 
Writing an essay on sound for a science assessment 
studying Humanities for the University exam and has to keep off the net till after 17th  
revising . dental anatomy 
I'm learning political sociology and being really terribly bored. 
Sitting in the hammock. Studying. 
@LaRainbow Awh, I do know how you feel 
need to find a geneticist.  they think I'm a mutant.  seriously.  
got to get up early for film studies revision lessons tommorow. 
I hate this research paper! 
off to bed. Studying tomorrow  btw- i'm going to live in the boarding school that the guy from cohav nolad lives in!  moving moment I know
economics work 
who in the hell designed these new transformer toys!    my son needs a PhD. to put them together...
Oh shit I thought college was just fun... Studying for midterms 
Is back to dissertation 2moro 
I love economics... Not 
I'm sooo tired of studying, I just hope I pass. 
racking my brain for a topic for my higher education research project 
Awh man drunk adults are gone  They were in my house from 9pm till 2:30am ... Thats madness haha
is off 2 her media studies exam 
Is doing chem lab 
I feel so shiat about this psychology 
I want to drop my head onto my desk and sleep, but I have to study for my maths exam... I'm not happy at the moment 
@elenasophia: awww i miss you too  theres a bunch of teaching positions avlb at millcreek but no soc studies. Can u do that?
Just woke up...realizing how much studying there is to be done... 
Just got done with my foods final. Studying with am waiting for the chemistry final 
@infobunny I don't have a degree 
i think i will kill my teacher right now..im in class and i hate MBA 
just can't concentrate on her studying 
Its difficult to separate  the teaching method from the material sometimes. 
Really really really hates lab 
@katili Awh boo...  I hope you're able to get your PC back up quickly after you move!
my drawing professor passed away out of the blue. 
this research paper seriously makes me wanna kill myselfffff 
Professor just walked in. Heaaaavy accent. I'm going to have trouble.  #summeratstony
doing stupid economics homework 
Is trying to fill up his colleagues classes to no avail... 
doing my Economics homework. im tired of school! 
Yay, studying for social studies, this is fun. i miss my friends for some reason 
Research paper done! Finally  I just want finals to be over so I can know my grades 
will miss the pussycat dolls concert, got to study physics 
is trying to write an anthropology speech on structuralism, key work TRYING 
This is rubbish...five general studies papers to be done before lunch. 
Medicine induced sleep just ended for me, looks like I have to sleep like a normal person... Aw I don't wanna 
Studying geography. I hate histciv  Why study the countries and its capitals? why? hahaha.
spanish psych professor doesnt give a hoot about me 
its too nice to do thesis 
Psychology&amp;worldhistory&amp;algebra 2 finals today. Fucking eww.  im tired and my mouth kindaa hurts. Bahgross.
@Angpang can't tell  he was late to clinic, we have been put with other consultant  we keep looking out 4 him
@Shandylocks what are you revising??? I've got Economics! 
It's always so cold in the lab 
@pianoduet lol sadly i have lab now 
doing social studies notes 
Awh I miss the white tie affair so much 
@veilin Awh? I hate you! You have such awesome layout!  I envy your creativeness. =\ Aww, I just love it so much! As much as ily, hah! &lt;3
@flishflash doin better than i am, i have no food, and molecular biology study 
Last exam of my first year of University tomorrow seems sad it'll be all over 
@a_masters which one? 
got to studying and waiting for zaki 
homeworking   and watching  grey's anatomy 
@xMoonyx Awh no!!   *big hugs*   *hands an oreo mcflurry* ... apparently they help everything ...
Feeling lost in this kind of work, my tech skills push me to &quot;hot&quot; technologies but my MBA brain asks me to work on &quot;cool&quot; stuff.  
@steevbishop  You aren't making this easy for me. I've a sneaking suspicion that you want me to go research for myself...
failed at studying food tech, don't feel good 
@indiemusicfinds My Psychology teacher said there is a good chance that they could come into power 
I'm so sick of writing this garbage for my industry studies assessment. I need sleep 
is ready to kill her biology professor...and her head really hurts. 
doing thesis..need to finish because one more research to go 
#domainidea after a long, hilarious discussion at uni I decided I wanted to register www.swine09.com... It was already taken 
now in entrepreneurship 
Economics over now, 5 exams to go - 3/4 of them maths 
I wish don't have to write a thesis. 
Waiting for a lecture to start 
One more project and my MBA is complete!  Now I just need to explain why American Airlines is getting crushed in my project. 
is back on the casus University versus WoW... it is so damn hard to decide the right thing and be ok with that decision... 
psych professor isgoing through the slides wayyyy ttttoooo fast 
Now I've sorted out my spreadsheets I can go forth and gather data. Am getting quite worried about the literature-based research though 
Awh that's lame 
buzi week  finish re-test, ready 4 The University of Law examination!  A mass of unfinished scenario! nearly die!
buzi week  has finished re-test, ready 4 The University of Law examination! A mass of unfinished scenario! nearly die!
@monipython Awh I didn't see you  I don't have twitter on my phone set up so i didn't get your messages 
have to begin studying but i don't want to 
@_xitsdaleneF00 Awh I wish, I was gonna hang this weekend, but my dad flaked on me 
I'm just tired from learning literature 
i have to go and study soon boring old studying   i just want 2 stay on the pc writing and chatting wit my pen friends!
The studying starts and my stress is exponentially multiplied 
decided to go in to the office - we just moved and figured i'd unpack then study.  No climate controls active.  80 degrees  here 
I think it's technically harder to relax then work. It's so easy to fill your day, but difficult to keep it empty. Studying for #LARE 
cannot WAIT for the day she has finished her masters dissertation 
going to the research lab today 
@latincouver It will have to be very brief, sadly. I have 2 research articles to finish 
weekend before finals is the freakin worst. Studying in sd instead of going out 
@Soliee, don't worry! The iron needs to get out somehow.! Awh why are they being meanies? 
@deanoshoes Trying to finish up my PhD...we all have really odd working hours right now 
going to go to some studying now.. 
@ThisismyiQ  Studying for my calculus test...No going out tonight 
Ivy's gone  all alone in my apt now. Studying all day all night.
@IvyAvanessian's gone  all alone in my apt now. Studying all day all night.
i need to get started on studying, its really sad 
I can't concentrate on studying #phonology... 
@samitbasu @allvishal @tinytoots @adityab - why you do this while I'm writing my thesis? 
Awh saddest part of D3 is on 
Awh I didn't win the lottery, back to work tomorrow for me 
listening to online lectures..ugh! 
@ninarawkstah Awh! I just stole your brunch fairy.  Would have been nice to share her...
@Lexiefashion A2s  politics, psychology &amp; media. what about you?
missing grey's anatomy. again 
@mitchelmusso Awh! I wish i could have been there! 
@SoftEuropean It's going to be the death of me. I'm working on the literature review and there's over 100 years worth of science there. 
writing my social studies sassay thingy  soo confused
just finished making my study sheet for spanish. now is time for the actual studying part. 
@JoshPer 8.30 am  *Studying* for it now.....
@sha_nicka Then she can't be your grad present. 
@tammyd18 Awh  ill chat with you here until your ready to sleep
should writing the thesis but cannot concentrate!!!! 
research.. research... headache.. wor...   lose weight again... 
I have to write my exam today ... but i really have no concentration today ...  University VIDEO http://bit.ly/TKCco #iranelection #tehran
Psychology exam is tomorrow.... i feel sooo unprepared 
is sittin in a computing lecture, but the lecturer is 20 mins late 
I have to study physics and chemestry now.. but I only want to be with you  good luck today in the explanation!
general studies over with now. two out of four subjects down, still got law and lit to go though 
i dont want to fail on the economics paper 
@University 
I'm watching hellboy Why must the professor die? 
is up early for studying  fml
I'm bored ... I have thesis correctoins to do 
Walking the pier at University Ave in Berkeley... windy and cold. Some dude caught a bunch of little itty bitty baby crabs -- poor guys 
@MargieHead Awh...  I know that feeling. What were they about?
in the lab...not feeling too spiffy. 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
doing media studies coursework 
damn, my phd thesis makes for a boring read 
just watched greys anatomy ! it makes me soo sad 
listening to metallica. the ultimate aid for depression of the worst degree 
PhD arrived this last week in the mail, undergrad student loan deferment end arrived today 
from inquirer.net: ...with University of the Philippines settling for runner-up and Jose Rizal University taking third place. 
is studying, studying, &amp; still studying...and I hardly feel prepared  economics is not cool!
economics is so boring  english next, debating :O can't be bothered writing a speech :S
I started too late on the studying 
@jamesloftis dammit I know! I own a yellow lab 
Awh this sux i cried all dang day 2day... this kinda hurts! 
Waiting at the specialist... They are running late 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
dean laidley 
I hate when you've read for class but you can't answer the Professor's questions, so you end up looking like you didn't read anyway... 
Watching Arashi &gt; Research Methods B report writing 
i'm starting to do research for my project... yeah me.. 
government claims back a rather huge sum of the financial support for my studies from back in 2006. bah! 
conference with my professor...don't know if it is good or bad 
Just got home, I am a bit exhausted but still gotta do some work for University 
At apple store to get MBA fixed 
Medicine for my sick little sister..  poor kid!
today did nothing, I am a lazy ... but then I have to study philosophy and sociology, q boring ..  
How low can you go? Unconfirmed reports of secret burial of those who were killed at University row  #iranelection
study time for earth science regent. 
@itsAshP it didn't tell me it just said retail consultant 
Aw dang, did they stop making new downloadable puzzles for prof layton? 
He died several days later of respiratory failure and cardiac arrest at the University Medical Center 
Trying my best to focus on studying. But my eyelids keep closing... I'm falling veryyy hard 
Meeting with my MBA group to discuss Economics 
@ZoomIndianMedia MPhil, Phd. but no original papers, no academics, only rote. i feel sorry for students 
@EMiiLYxx3 Awh it's so sad! With that little girl with leukimia 
@thepatbrown Is there anyway i can get my hand on The Semester's old tracks? No more myspace downloads and lost all my music recently 
My post-graduation - a big farce from Mysore University 
is waiting for the lecturer 
...Is in the the dogbox... Studying for exams suck, and even more when you have a re-examination!!! 
I'm exhausted. Studying everyday is kind of a worse work.  I'm getting crazy. 
Started the day with a PhD related panic attack. Those had subsided for a while 
So tired... a new stack of BSc/MSc thesis reviews... 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
Just awaken! lazy. blinds are shut, but i can see today isn't sunny. Awh 
In the anatomy museum bored out of my brains with revision 
@RocknRollForeva Aawww  that sad... I hate Social Studies.It totally gives me creeps(I'm shuddering right now)Now i'd better listen to gnr
Ugh... Studying for a Chem test. This blows 
In anatomy and physio classes and lab till 12:30 
working in the english lab 
@x3cyrus awh howcome?  i'm okay, i just have a lot of studying to do for a biology regents tomorrow :/
My physics professor wears tightey whities. 
Doesn't wanna study for science. No motivation! 
MBA - not an easy task to do.. learning it the hard way 
@shannonROXHARD It probably was him, he's always driving with his mom. xD Awh, I miss him so much. 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
@orbitz_a Sociology 11 will be the cause of my untimely academic death  it'll be hard  plus I'm feeling the pressure already hahaha
Just got off the phone w/ the foks iin accounting, this bad economy means layoffs are comming @ the Institute 
@daniellexo I missed the beginning  looks like it was a great lab.
working on my thesis... 
In economics... It sucks 
is tired from typing...the prof talks too fast  @patriciafu i see that @jzchen19 has been tempting you.. haha
my research lecturer has small voice n asks too much of questions. am hungry too 
But themost important. I went with mom at University and.. well i`m not wanna grown up  but i have to do.
Christian Studies is the greatest 
Aah mgmt and psych exams overrr 1 to go brah!! Sociology here i come.. going to my besties house to study 2nyt.. i really need a lie down 
still procrastinating just hours away from finishing my studies as an exchange student @ madrid!      
i need serious help in my german but i can't find a tutor! i'm so worried about my studies  plus the weight issues.gahh ignorance is bliss
Awh  can't bake..not enough eggs
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
Econometrics burns my brain! I'm screwed - no chance against mathematics 
Hoy largamos temprano. All day in the University 
Medicine isn't helping 
freezing in lecture 
@rainecsy i hope i can =/ hopefully tmr lecturer give us green light on project if not must work overnight liaooo.. 
@vibaliciOusV im going to the lab later. but right now im stressed. we will chat about it later.... 
social studies.  at least no essay
sad  beyond frusterated with community colleges, might just have to go back to University for chemistry and pay more money. 
studying for a sociology examm 
@jjustsurrender too bad you don't have a research paper to write... 
So tired of studying and sick.  i don't know if i'm gonna be able to study for much longer.
probably not going to make it into the lecture, at this rate 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
working on thesis.. 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
decided to not study for bio n instead, focus on resting n getting better .. so i atleast, have energy to write the diploma 
the scientist song made me cry 
I work for the class of Econometrics 
women's studies ruined music a little bit. 
Awh thats a sad book. 
Looks like I'm studying economics next semester. 
Feels like i'm getting a small pimple in my nose. Awh man 
been ill yesterday and a bit today  But I fucking graduated  University here I come!
Here we go again  Studying for my resits!
I really have no brain now. I can't think of what to do or wear, or think...not good for a prospective English degree student 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
My manager is leaving  my internship is going to be hell
Awh man, I'm exhausted right now.. &amp; I don't know why. 
@CharLipscombe Awh, what's up? 
Not sure I got the fellowship... 
@ooby quite a bit, I won't lie! Studying doesn't compare to whaling around on client 
Awh,I won't get to see @missjeffreestar's show tomorrow,it's cancelled 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
@dizzystuff just did some research, unfortunately the buggers wear out fairly quickly 
General Psychology - Prof. Gruezo, she asked us to make a letter to our 'rents..  i guess we're all emotional that time..
research paper will kill me...  omg. How could I do this!!!??
Oh, but I hate writing. Research is fun, putting it into words is painful 
@ariedam well done you! al also doing dissertation 
@JamesHancox no worries - just getting a lecture from my partner 
@fromthesamesky No, I didn't get 1, I think I missed the lecture it was given out in  I hav recordings from a few lectures, we can listen?
Looking for grants, seems to be nowt out there as i have a degree.. 
@chumpee psychology! 8D but there's no psychology @ up-lb. 
Doing his dissertation 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
made study notes for science, now i rest till 2morrow!!! would do a live show, but i cant talk thanks to my cold 
Awh, keikei and them are leaving today  / going to townsquare
@dean0218 I'm sorry!! 
hating studying very much 
Is fed up with researching and writing essays and preparing seminars......3 more years of this! 
@KBKarma Studying through the holidays then?  What are the subjects?
@LindsayMClifton microeconomics 
Awh  where's lu-pa?
@TNookie  nope  i did see some other apartments that i am going to research (that i know i cant afford)
writing research papers are not really fun! 
No tattoo this week.  my car is tired and b's car has something wrong with it. Ahh, the trials of life.  http://myloc.me/4MSc
@dolceshan I know right? I tried to argue that with a prof to write 2pg instead of 7, but I got denied. 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
tidying up, washing and learning.... I hate dietetics.. arghhh.. 
tidying up, washing and learning.... I hate dietetics.. arghhh.. 
i feel so lazy to study anymore. why must i learn the differences between materials! and why all the calculations?! LOL! I'm one lazy kid 
Trying to do some economics work 
Studying for my culture sciences examination 
not sure if im able to reach KL by 10am tomorrow for Doctoral Research Methodology 
University work is so boring 
@Durgamaa Awh the link doesn't work for me. I was looking forward to some chair yoga 
Awh, guy here at work got a new gf who won't let him fuck others. He looks sad.   why are so many people so jealous?
i guess i should get started on the psychology assessment 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
I am so so so so so bored of studying 
studying, trying to focus on studying, and avoiding it. facebook is my biggest distraction. ahh. 
is upset that I do not have to write a research paper  Just research proposal. I really wanted to write a paper
@VickiLouiseXxX It sure is, but I don't think it's legit.  Awh..
@vchiarini no teaching?  And what's liberal studies?
@SuzanneHeleneV Awh noooooo  this sucks.
Business studies distinction task  have been puttin it off for ages and now must start. 
@autumnconfusion Awh no  I hope you're okayyy
writing my final thesis.. 
I don't like tedious experiments 
Awh I feel bad whn a nice guy how's mnot my type asks me out!  But can't play with his emotions!! 
@gregorysammis, I agree! I'm trying to finish my thesis..and so far it's not going anywhere 
When the professor dies is sooooo sad  
write thesis.... 
Going to the doctor's at 2:30pm for a check up. I have to do one for University! Gosh, I hate going to the doctor 
watching grey's anatomy makes me cry because i miss seattle 
hoping the lab yeast undergoes some kind of miraculous growth spurt in the next two hours, otherwise no pub science for me 
grey's anatomy is making me cry 
why did i choose MBA!!!! whats the point in doing 1 thing that everyone else is doing, i thought it didn't need brains  uaaaaaa
Test tonight. Studying all day... 
just arrived to my house...  have to study econ and chem.     flying to houston next thursdayyyy!!!  so excited!
locked out of lab again, what are the odds 
@PeterDeeTM how about twittin a LIIIITTLE dean keally hint? 
@mkaigwa ur a derailer! I've started listening to kwaito instead of doing serious studying...hmm! 
The University of Pretoria is a great place to contract at 
@gudmundur try to find your master thesis.. or mine 
@kattas Congrats on getting into OISE (did a Twitter search for OISE for fun) 
my first lecture 
@ddjango I wondered where you went &amp; checked your prof only to find that I wasn't following you anymore! I did NOT unfollow you! weird. 
Doing a kook-aid lab in chem 
@neverett Thanks cool lady I am newly licensed   @eerac Whoa you are good at keyword search must be because you have a PhD at computers?!?
is actually rather enjoying writing her dissertation - good non? 
@_jynx  it's the best woman studies class... all our &quot;textbooks&quot; were novels.  and out final project/final can be  a creative project.
@MarianSpier I want to come to the lecture so keep me posted 
@cranberrybandit professor honky mchooterson works too LOL. And how could you not name him? He's too cute to be nameless 
@hyperlocavore I absolutely agree! And I am a sociologist! 
@KatGamer Ah, so that explains why it's 79 degrees inside. 
@cakedarling Awh, I wuv wu too.  &lt;3
in UAEU 
hopes the sun shines today as Cadge and I are going out soon 
@wboroman lol, your just jealous because you dont get to write a thesis! 
@djnineeleven Awh , thanks 
finishing up the research paper...probably going outside soon 
Premiere Paranormal Research is back online to tweet all ur paranormal questions and stories 
@davidbattersby Nope, working for the Uni still, part-time PhD and a soon to be home owner... I am a real life person now  How's yourself?
going to compromsie today - University assignments BUT in the sunshine  (though this may have a negative effect on work production rate)
About to work on my linguistics presentation 
@valimerie no problem for the m&amp;ms  I'm still at the lab booooooooooooo I wish I could listen in lecture so I don't need to be here!
I is officially a scientist; i am following @newscientist. so if i follow wallpaper, i am...a wallpaper! 
had fun staring at him from behind for the whole lecture. 
This is actually a pretty nice lecture 
At my management class..studying studying studying and then I will get my bachelor degree 
I'm new here so who's the expert that can show me what to do here 
Is going to revise (for psychology) like she has never revised (for psychology) before... which is quite true... after driving lesson  x
@taylorswift13 Awh, hope you fall asleep soon then 
@toeslaughter is busy studying and she can't chat with me  It's alright since she's studying. All the best, bitch!  You can do it!
at thelug's lab 
I have not done any Homework!!! of the University!!!! long night!!!! 
@RunMichael students looks for help everywhere... Especially Christian University students 
loved University Open day!!!! but now has no idea what he'll do there!!!  typical
finished my psychology and now off to bed 
@hellonhairylegs Ooh. What's a national merit scholar? 
@dilalid want to become professor clone is it? 
Just finished studying for Abnormal Psychology. Eek. I still have two more days. I'll do more than fine 
Taking the day off and doing absolutely nothing    Studying begins on the morrow
tiny PhD's will do, because those bigger than me keep taunting me 
Awh, thank you for your nice replies! Its so different, its scary so you've made me feel better!! 
D-Lab on MIT Open courseware http://is.gd/ygt5 There goes my chances of getting any work done in the next few weeks 
@bortron doing research in the library (the building next to that one) will help explain. and not just reading 
http://twitpic.com/4wuaq - another prof pic. 
@CaroKanns   Singularity and robotics research  www.aber.ac.uk/compsci/Research/bio/robotsci/   
in @NiKoLeeeeeeee 's lecture 
milooooo, bebeto she ima chicho s MBA 
Awh. my jayjay baby misses me.  i miss you too boo!
@QueenGeek well, I'll never claim to be an expert on any one thing, but I certainly try to do my research &amp; share the knowlege 
@ellenfweber So you did your PhD at UBC? (so did I  - I also have taught  at UBC)
I was going to do my media studies homework but i feel grey's anatomy is more important 
capturing my commerce students myspace work for legal studies to put on my blog 
@TheEcofoodie Congrats!! What are you going to do with your degree? 
Watching my lil bro graduate with honors at Tufts University 
Graduated with a MBA from JCU 
working on a research paper with my momma 
Sociology exam tomorow, best weekend everrrrrr 
Viendo grey's anatomy 
twitter EVER for the next two weeks! i'll only update my thoughts. i'm taking a Maymester course so i have to focus! 
@bobbyllew Not to mention understanding of biology, in many areas 
It's gonna be like a blog, ith photos, and it's gonna show you what University life is all about, and how to get started, and all that. 
It's gonna be like a blog, with photos, and it's gonna show you what University life is all about, and how to get started, and all that. 
Is donig an assignment on research...kind of wierd if you think that you are doing research about research... 
is so happy he doesn't have psychology 
@phototropy Hee, my 'recipe' involves queuing up and buying soup from the University Centre.  Will check out @cookbook though, thanks!
listening to nova 96.9 and doing biology research  ...and i need a drink
had to tweet, showing it to my colleagues 
Now there is one more PhD from the engines group 
Mmkay so my bio teacher didn't collect the lab reports SO my crisis is overrrr 
@gtmcknight My thesis was an attachment 
Just woke up =D nice day  x Studying and cleaning today tho ! How funnn......=/ x
ooh yay!! I think im going to a forensics seminar!!!!! yipee 
Awh great morning for a run  morning everyone
@workingmoms Awh....thanking my friend for the #ff love!  
@workingmoms Awh - you are so kind my friend!  
@leonardbarrett am starting out on the teaching path. Looking for colleagues/mentors 
At bravos! Studying for that history final.  One more day! 
just completed my practicum 
@saschasegan You tell us. You're the expert! 
