Most common words for this cluster:
[('stuff', 1247), ('lol', 47), ('amp', 30), ('haha', 25), ('u', 23), ('lots', 23), ('loads', 21), ('bunch', 21), ('n', 20), ('things', 20), ('time', 20), ('done', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'stuff', 0.9496740102767944), (u'Pretty_classless', 0.7569780349731445), (u'crap', 0.6838366985321045), (u'Indeed_Rakieten', 0.6800060272216797), (u'really', 0.6705062389373779), (u'things', 0.6687723994255066), (u'shit', 0.6635472774505615), (u'Ben_Hur_proportions', 0.6618285775184631), (u'loooooove', 0.6608151793479919), (u'kinda', 0.657982349395752)]





@jemcam well i have uni stuff and netball  but after netbal if i've done uni stuff we can
@birutagme yeah  it was really depressing... stuff like that gets to me
Haha my house is creepy at night!!  It creaks and stuff..scary. lol..I'm gonna go to bed.
got up, an hou ago, now lerning again. really boring stuff 
didn't realise she still had iTunes credit! But thinks she'll get in trouble if she downloads stuff 
i really need to stop surfing the web when i have stuff in the oven...    poor biscuits
@sisterphonetica you mean just dry stuff? tbh he eats very little soft stuff and we give him dentabites, got teeth like his 'daddy' probs 
@alexistehpom  really? did you send out all the info already? if you did..maybe you could just email me stuff missataari@gmail.com
Still kinda miffed that my team got stuff I didn't. 
@lillyputian whats gotten into me these few days, going into the state of bad luck again..keep breaking stuff 
finishing upp last homework stuff and projects !  
I woke at 4 a.m. and had a dream that made me worry about stuff.... so I got up and read blogs. Now I feeling it! 
trying to stuff as much stuff as possible into the packet I'm going to mail home. hating on the air travel luggage restraints! 
i want my cable back.. when i watch stuff on the computer i have to wait till after it comes out!! lolz but it takes 4ever to load tooo 
has just been to royal worcester to buy stuff for the rents before it closes 
I am missing stuff like crazy. 
@kidamnesiac i didn't see any grizzly bear 7&quot;, i got in late and tons of stuff was already gone 
my beellly hurts   so just laying around, thinking about a bunch of stuff. textme.
@bubbelplast for that confirmation stuff? I think so  but I don't want to. I'm tireddddd!
I need to find my disc so I can update my spyware stuff and anti-virus stuff. 
I can't believe I lost the vids  these were fun, cool personal stuff!
@keoynna30 i kno ive been missin alot, jus stuff keeps poppin up at the worst possible time 
I need to figure out stuff! I'm so frustrated 
@cheatar1 i was making a comparison  i originally thought of these bbchick things that fob's guitar techs ate. &amp; youre right; it rly does
just got word that there is a dead body at the alley cat. blood and all. very scary stuff. glad i wasnt there to see it. 
@CherryBear am no good at letting others do stuff for me 
 waking up to an inbox filled with more stuff to do.
@zozotheterrible I do as well. All this stuff is sad.   Why can't everybody get along?
left my soccer stuff @ grettas and now she better bring em or cant play and let me tell u dad isnt being to supportive of it either  
k time to get off butt and finish me stuff 
got her stuff from the laundry shop. namansahan lgi akong spongebob yellow shirt.  http://plurk.com/p/p12ep
okay im failing so badly at this graph on excel stuff. and its getting cold 
aw, i meant to put some ramen and stuff in the package but i forgot 
ebaying stuff.... I hate doing it, but needs must 
@amreyna dood that is shooking i hate having dreams! of ppl stealing my stuff! it sucks more when it really happens  ah i hate stealers!
@mistressofcheez not yet  its killing me cos i just added some new stuff too! got to keeeeep trying! gaaaaah.
Everyone is tweeting links and fun stuff but I get to wait until I get home to cliiiiiick! 
@DungeonWarden oh no.  are you really saying that the clouds story isn't fun and stuff?  seriously?
UGH. I need to buy a bag.  I have too much stuff to carry now.  I hate this. I loved the freedom.
wtf. i studied some extra stuff i didn`t need to study. now i feel even more tired. 
@DonnieWahlberg I am never on when you are. Always missing out on the good stuff 
Washing this junk out of my hairrr, i got dye everywhere 
Just listened to enter shikaris new songs, They made me cry inside  I wish they would write more stuff like this http://tinyurl.com/cju66k
rewriting stuff allready written... 
packing up some stuff 
@julianacastell i'm off. heading to bed. up late reading stuff i should not have read last nite. 
@ExMi there's some good stuff in there. 
@arron31 It's hard to give up. I've got some great things off ebay... some shit stuff too 
got to go..... got alot of stuff to do today 
@SportsCenter Don't post stuff like that!!!  #bulls
i can't write my own stuff  also what are interviews like?
has to throw out loads of her stuff 
I haven't done any apple blossomy stuff. 
@carole29 bummer  we had to chuck the stuff in our house so I wouldn't be tempted whilst dieting. I have zero willpower.
@tomturnbull all that stuff confuses me...    i do agree with you.
wishes she got cool #fcbd stuff like @lestack @lizabitty  but wont make it to eville til later
@nealjennings   I miss all the great stuff.
@donveto but there are kinds with blue stuff n kinds with white stuff n kinds that smell 
my room feels empty even tho its so messy with piles of givaway stuff.. MAN YOU SHOULD SEE IT!! .. 
philosophy is so confusing  why must people think about this stuff. srs.
@loveemetwotimes haha naw the legal age for drinking and stuff here is 19, im only 18 
@sarah_watts if you find her, send her to me...bottomless pile of the stuff 
@StarKat7 I'd totally love to, but I get all nervous about staying in places.  I'd never know how to go about booking hotels and stuff 
@kyunghan well, it's better than liking your old stuff more than your new stuff huh. coz I do that 
Deleting some stuff fron my project  and making new stuff.... what a rainy whether, just like my mood ;-)
college stuff to do... 
I feel like I lost the ability to formulate really good stuff. Like I can't do stories and poetry anymore. And it hurts 
@JGONeill it's the undigested fat and stuff, it's only a short term thing.  I have green tea, wheat grass  everyday, I eat sensibly too 
Lol you are crazy jarrod. I gotta do all kinds of stuff today. . . 
chillin out, waiting for the rents to come move some of my stuff out... sadness 
@ashlieh  im repacking my stuff. such a pain. see you soon! x
Moving the last of my stuff! I'm going to be internet-less for awhile 
What the fuck is up wit this myspace playlist stuff! I hate it a lot  myspace is boring anywayz
@the__click5 thaaaanks!!! but what if i live in the philippines and i can't get the free stuff? 
I don't feel like doing ANYTHING when I'm sick, damnit!  Which means NOTHING (even incidental stuff) gets done for days!!!!!!
damn notebook has a virus   effin buggers would make lots o money if they put their brains to good use!!
Tired from packing my stuff to move into my new flat!! 
@RoaringSilence Haha, yeah. I also can't finish off other stuff out there. 
and came back when I moved all my stuff back inside 
I think the washing machine is broken - hope I can find the warranty stuff 
packing my stuff for the move~ byebye jelapang 
@kayasmith  not very much... would have loved a stirfry but don't have stuff for it 
I'm not likeing these comercials they make me wanna buy stuff and I got no monnie 
I really wish i knew how to make a website, but i do not understand any of that stuff. I  want a website 
I guess everybody else has a life and is off doing a bunch of fun stuff while I'm stuck at home lonely! 
@fighttheprocess saying stuff about my mum that therre glad shes dead and stuff.but i really dont know what to do 
why do we have to study all this crap, nonsense stuff where nothing is practical at all, just cram n cram 
unpacking more stuff and getting fed up of it 
i doubt my parents will buy me any vfc merch or adisson stuff for my bday 
@JBnVFCLover786 i doubt my parents will buy me any vfc merch or adisson stuff for my bday 
just got on the computer now gotta get stuff done 
Aww, I had a bunch of stuff to say about #hotlesbiantwitterlovin but I got disconnected  good night!
Hey!!!  where did you like go and stuff!!!
hey twitters. my geek self needs money and i realized all the geeky stuff ive had over my life is woth  over 1000$...should i sell them  ?
@cjdkc nope. tried doctors once, told them I was allergic they gave me the stuff anyways. now I read the same books they do.. no answers 
@hesheshesh no idea  been staying away from junk food and artificial shit and my body is just shutting down 
It's just about bedtime...but I still have stuff to do 
@TheKingOfSpain at least you built them, smokingkipper leaves it all to me, that stuff 
@Blackamazon i need to get on that beauty shop stuff... but i really am clueless now what to write... i have nuthin'... 
Working on graduation stuff 
@SexyCheza haha, dj's has too much classy stuff cheza! i wanna buy everything there 
Being the tech guru is no fun when all of our stuff keeps breaking. 
@Alanmackahoe yes a pencil bag! I have all my stuff in there 
@HammyCamey the destruction of art thing nice graffiti wall that was washed off and then it looked like a shity wall all brown n stuff 
having trouble trying to figure out  this twitter stuff 
@CheyennePaige I'm only getting stuff from twitterr. 
@lexylove ahh i know it just like sank in now to me and now i am reading stuff and i am like fu*k they are really leavingg 
effff my life. my camera deleted a bunch of stuff from tonight 
@PaulKehler yeah so bad we had to reverse off the free way.  crazy stuff.
Hot damn, I'm tired. I hope I get stuff done tomorrow. I need to, very badly, 
@SteveSievers i love that song and i must be dreaming i'm so jealous the americans get all the cool stuff  tell them to come to aussie 
stuff it, i might as well tidy my room now, since not alot of peeps are on. 
@beautiful_waste I know! The feed moves so fast I've done that a bunch...not to mention giving props to songs I dislike! 
doing some macro stuff.. and actually bokeh textures but I can't find the shapes I made 
Washing throws, cleaning candle holders, sorting stuff for a now much needed boot sale, and off to laundry to dry everything 
@allyroar .......all the eventful stuff has to happen when I'm not there 
Paking my ski stuff up and then im going to head gome....   
okay i have a little but more of stuff to do  ill be back
@Angeltears12 they don't sell them there only official stuff ... and to be honest pretty limited 
is getting ready to eat some tapioca pudding  then do history stuff... 
Just bought most of the stuff I need for tech ... now I feel so poor  lol
sorta sad that i cant really stay up late with @ashleepham anymore because some stuff fixed my sleep cycle. 
@dnman13 I didn't feel it  I just saw and heard stuff shake but that was it.
@JudeBacalso i know!  oh well... yeah you should!! surprise everybody and stuff! missing th new hits.
@Bluebee3 I had a weekend of killing myself b/c of this damn cruise  it was very unhealthy...lol....other than that the same old stuff...
worrying about stuff 
i'm so good at spilling coffee to stuff  after the novel, the laptop, now it's the skirt's turn 
@KatieMacK10 i wasn't that bad was i!?!  ill just have to come up with more impressive stuff!! :p ; )  xxxxx
@chlorinekid  I live overlooking a common... was thinking of just planting a load of stuff on there but think it would just get stolen!!
@Kailei its so weird! i am happy bout stuff but bummed for other stuff, mainly your nose 
My abs are killing me. This being healthy stuff is really bad for you 
@staaceeyy dont worry just stuff to do with my brother 
@kylieeann she dosn't like me going to concerts and stuff she hears all the stories about the bad things that happend and so i can't go 
It's only 12:40pm and my days ruined already..great fucking stuff! 
@Lokizilla if i think of nything else ill ping ya but atm the only other thing in my head are stuff to recover deleted files 
@daisy_thomas yeah especially since i had some stuff spoiled by my curiosity 
@Kirstyy09xXin the studio for the stuff they're doing cus 'live' doesn't always mean live 
want to go to the studio... hate office stuff! 
@mileycyrus nope...no earthquakes here...i wish we would...we never get stuff like that 
Phone delivered. And it's only 2:30pm. I'm not used to have stuff done by this time!@ What do I do now? 
Speaking of the con, I still have a crap ton of stuff to organize before I go. 
wow the stuff you can find on youtube  ....and the stuff you can't 
@Paulidwgirl I hated having stuff taken away from me as a kid, it hurt my heart 
@kyleelane I think so to. She think nobody likes her stuff.  poo
@mycaricature Problems? Are you alright? I find humour and checking off the good stuff helps.... 
There is white stuff falling from the sky 
Catching up on paperwork and stuff I've been dreading and putting off for as long as possibly can 
@thisgoodlife ah. that's the stuff you washed yourself? maybe it's something you washed it with? still, it stinks. 
okay how long does this stuff take to be gone!!! I am still breaking out 
i cant sleep....got these white stuff in my ears.....and they are keeping me awake 
pretty cool stuff, but i haven't figured out what it does yet  http://windosill.com/
I need stuff to do! I'm bored 
@TheSpecs mine hurts from the whole memory managment stuff 
@Resuri88 Awww  But you were so cute! All trippy 'n stuff
@mils1801 just about, tryin to pack my stuff for the weekend but i dunno wat to bring 
@AwesomeFrank you have enough stuff to worry about... 
@AmyIsDayDreamin Sounds like fun? I have work 9-1............then I have to move stuff around the house cause its getting carpeted 
got the stuff on my nails that stops u from biten thm n yuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk its nt nice 
Drawings are done... now I gotta do an order for this stuff... 
at uni jazzin up some sound stuff for hand in next wed...thank god for bjork, giving me lots of ideas, gonna be a late one though 
@stormrider101 yes it has some good stuff..but not the place to go when in mood for doritos &amp; pepsi 
@Squibby_ I know, but when I see stuff like that it makes me feel lonely 
@lauraluvsmariah Nothing just was wondering because I've heard she calls when ppl win stuff. I have yet to win a contest  lol
so its 12 i should go to bed so i wake up for class and all that good stuff but i dont wanna 
@twibirdy crazy stuff. It's all cold outside 
I saw hella amazing stuff at the mall. It sucks I couldn't shop.  I wish malls closed later. 
@mrskutcher because the media likes to focus on the controversial stuff..they kinda suck like that sometimes 
@whyinthehell yeah, makes treating stuff a little more difficult.  i hate being bipolar.
@yahyan whaaaaaaat......? But.. What about all the stuff you told me....? 
@softtouchme just answered you- never learned how to write in French- just basic stuff- 
@TLuke08  sometimes going and doing other stuff cures that
is doing boring accounts stuff 
@leilaanasazi: I'm sure lots of that studio equipment was collected analog stuff that can't be bought anymore.    seriously, condolences.
starting to pack stuff up 
@conorp YES!!! one final party  better make it a good one !! how much mpre stuff you got to go?
Gardening stuff I ordered got returned to sender because it was damage  need to work out how to get to a garden centre.
@technclrninjoe i think thats what he is going for but he didnt have time to scan, do photo shop and stuff before work 
Cleaning + finding stuff to sell. I'm so poor. 
i made an okay rap mix   i couldnt have the stuff i wanted  im getting ready to leave
i'm out of books to read, movies to watch n stuff to buy...i'm bored! 
Sitting, wondering, &amp; wishing for a bunch of stuff that will never be 
Taking care of yucky stuff. 
@lizzerdrix The stuff I got was precariously close to ricotta cheese. It didn't help. 
nothing much on tv, seen most of the good stuff...think i'll go to bed soon, but it's too hot to sleep 
I hate not getting e-mail's  going to do other stuff now...ice my toe (long story) and have some calpol (cold :S) soooo night xxxx
back home from shopping. putting stuff away and waiting for nets friend to come over. I guess I'll have to put my pants back on 
went to duncan.. and came back with a sad bro and a car full of his stuff 
where the f are my pinking shears? rarararrrarararr...babyproofing while cutting stuff makes me stick shears random places &amp; forget them 
 It is stuff i probably shouln't be talking about at all
@lozz In my experience, kids love that freaky monster stuff, the freakier the better. The new packs have lame-looking cartoon kids 
gettin stuff done for school...ugh...preparing for not having a life for awhile... 
Omfg I'm exhausted and the big stuff isn't even moved yet 
stuff this, i'll try again later. For now ill just have a stuffed up dp. 
@gauravggs nooooo dont say such stuff 
@NikkiBalzzz nope   sad.  I have to be all responsible n stuff, haha!
@QueenofSpain I'm juggling chainsaws tonight and working on some freelance stuff. 
@karla_martin76  That really sucks! Why? Why are you guys left out of stuff?
aww crap ... gotta put the new clean sheets and stuff on m bed 
Next door think they will be back to take stuff 
Bozes upon boxes to unpack  I have far too much stuff
When I'm @ home I can doe loads of stuff behind the pc but now I'm already done  weird stuff....
@jprytyskacz Why don't ever find good stuff like that. Ours is full of dreadful romantic fiction 
just about to leave to go shopping with mandie, why am i so broke when i need to buy lodes of stuff 
@laurawalkerxo you have a lot to do?  i'm gonna go and sunbathe and get some stuff together to send you ;D
@Viriiguy hooray but you need money to move stuff. I tried writing motherlode on my forehead but nothing happened 
I wish the recently bathed dog wouldn't go outside and roll in stinky stuff 
@coy0te im good..all my stuff is packed too..we're painting the house!  so stressed !! moving again?
OK, time to do productive stuff 
Cleaning my stuff out of the wreckage 
Always hard to wake up the day after.  I'm getting too old to do stuff like that anymore.  
having a yard sale 2 get rid of grandpas stuff 
@jennypoynter Thats unfair  I get jealous of everyone looking dresses and stuff, I wanna go look for dresses!
love my bb but got me the wrong kind of peanut butter  can't get this stuff out of the jar
my itunes officially has gone crazy. its like it eliminates everything good and plays only old stuff on shuffle. &lt;3 oh well yay memories. 
@BirchSoaps I was going outside, but it is cold out there! So I guess I will finish up some stuff in my studio until it warms up  and u?
got a lot going on  ...too much stuff in my mind
@naomishimada  forgot about this thing, just firing stuff off all over the joint. circus tonight sans brown avec sweatbox 
i dont want to pack anymore stuff 
@babygirlparis i love alll your products i so want all your stuff hhahah, but i dont live there anymore 
Moving stuff out of my house  sad process.
I like the sun  but I don't like the impending doom of having to find space in my room for all my uni stuff 
jae keeps adding stuff to the tattoo on his back, and why does taemin look so old? 
my my its roasting and i love it! my room is so empty though, half of my stuff is on its way back to the ness 
I have no idea who's going to win #britainsgottalent  nail biting stuff!
was all packed now i am having issues, everything i bought too much stuff 
Having packing issues, I bought too much stuff  
@renniesimmonds yeh i like shiney stuff. i tried it on my fone, didnt work 
@peter_ramone ahhh they have an umbrella but we dont  awe sad stuff!
@wordybirdee i have posted a couple of things on myspace, but my stuff is so personal, im still trying to talk myself into posting more. 
@MakerOfShadows I'm just stunned at some of the mean-spirited rotten stuff being said about her by cretins. 
@terrifyingtaco You'd be surprised.  x-x  @DaangMel I know! Why you gotta be makin our babies all ugly and stuff? 
Still putting stuff on the truck 
ok must go to store.  why are there no real geeks on chat to ask about this stuff with?  i have been forsaken 
just listening to my own youtube. i really should rerecord this stuff. i sound much better tbh... i sound bigheaded  but seriously!
I'm so pissed off, my dad crashed my PC and now all my stuff is gone  I hate him with a burning passion...
 im being attacked by a moth!!  its scary stuff  haha!
Mainly macro brand stuff on sale-and jurlique!  Not that awesome 
@juliaroy if that is all your stuff (fits in a ford fiesta) than I really have too much 
Last night I dreamt I was in this shop selling loads of good cheap stuff. Then I woke up. 
@APerchedDove  I guess we just be stuff together. Sounds good to me.
Packing all of my clothes and stuff really enforces the fact that I'm leaving so soon 
i cant figure out how to upload my photo. im so bad at this stuff 
Just found out all of my stuff will be packed when i get home 
@WeekinRewind can &quot;bot&quot; type accounts win your stuff too? 
just at home, surfing. texting. chekin some stuff. darn booooored here. i wanna gooow partey! 
i asked one of @brenden's irl #ontd friends via him if she had questions for me. she did not. i wish ppl asked me stuff like coco 
@jesslo24  daww.. yea.. they sold out of the good stuff..  that purple one i got to awhile back!
Omd stuff on itunes r like 129 now 
@broken_baja if u see in my pic from tonight she has her pants on. They help a lot with holding stuff in placeThere kinda pricey though 
@ntt will you be taking pictures; even of everyday stuff! id love to see how your hometown looks like. 
@Enamoredsoul online from a blackberry, so not going to any of the links  my preference is rock/quick stuff in english 
Why am I always getting crappy items? 
all my stuff is in boxes so i have nothing to wear 
@lipmag aww they shut down  they've got stuff on the ozco website yay!
@dlbliss i need to get let you send me some stuff. 9 times out of 10 i want or listen to it. i only have like 3 mixtapes on my new comp. 
@rizzle_d 48 fillings?! Seriously? That's horrible.. I felt sick looking at that stuff, I don't even wanna imagine what it's like to eat 
@HowaiMan oooo that sux  did u at least make a backup to restore your stuff?
@spookyamd There was a whole bunch of talks about the movie and the toy line and stuff and they cancelled animated 
i have to go buy stuff for killyleagh today   its too nice outside to shop
@shuuro seen too much of fit of rage stuff  I dont pity em
@Drydraluxalow is that project runaway? i feel like i miss out on stuff by not watching this 
electrical stuff bumps me down 
@stoner_stuff Heyyyy I made cupcakes last night! Unfortunately they weren't &quot;specially baked&quot; 
i will do some uni stuff now. 
@cheinara Are you telling me I have to suffer through 4 seasons of crap to get to the good stuff?! 
Just sat down to do coursework stuff...but it's so sunny outside 
@NellyBelly333 and yet it's in all the stuff I am addicted to 
Looking at cars online..was going to go test drive stuff for fun..but will hold off 
getting ready for band practice i take lots of stuff 
realizing that i am toooo old for the stuff i pulled..my muscles hurt like hell 
Still clearing out, loads more stuff to keep apparently 
Is home and moving out some stuff, ready to move 
gosh! sometimes i whis 2 fulfil my dream already (singer an stuff) but.. what can u do when u live in such a small place like israel  damn
All clean and...stuff. What to wear? :/ It looks hot outside  I want it to rain again. I get good pics that way!
@carlawaslike i agreegree -- minus azkatraz...but skipping the whole goodbye stuff.   
@itsthejazzkid HEY what is this song writing chinese naming stuff? 18 years and I have neither? SNIFFF. 
done ALL the maths churchill past papers.. and i still suck and don't know half the stuff i need to know 
o now iv got to do stuff with my unit 6 i forgot 
@multisync That looks yummy. I hate you for being able to eat stuff like that. /goes back to eating her salad. 
Packing my stuff for the move 
@lilyroseallen idk mike dude but there new stuff is so lame in comparison to take to the skies 
whats wrong with lilly allen - why would hse say that stuff ?   and i actually used to really like her .
I've just realised how much cool stuff there was whilst I was growing up. I miss the shows and the toys  I miss it all!
@becca9785 i was done for the day before i got your message   but how is the auditioning stuff going!?!?
@b_easy There wasn't! freaking clouds  and we got stuff on the roof lmao
@bigsmooth32 im sure it will, it'l have a bunch of sweet stuff. but no hacking  i got dibs on your old one if you get a new one
@TheFreditor I'll start now : went to the etnies jam at bay66 they threw out free stuff, I got nothing 
doing some history homework .... basically just boring stuff 
@yellowduckx ...cuz the jungle has all this stuff about killing all these pigs 
I was only sorta kidding about the booze.... lol  can't get the good stuff today anyway.  
@cocochen68 no problem it really worrying that this sort of stuff is out there i taught twitter was safe 
holy cow....it's 5:00...got to get to makin' stuff...worked up a sweat doing real work today...yuck 
@ChrisJonard sorry-that's rough stuff 
@_stars same I just can't get into them, maybe just for the first 30 min to see the jokes and stuff, then it just gets boring 
worrying like crazy about stuff 
@xoxoRiaLovesYou me too  except his old stuff is better than his new stuff and he's gonna prob do we made you 
I hate when I lose stuff!!!! 
@whovianluv ... like that.  And what bravery for her to keep on keeping on in spite of everything. I hate going thru old stuff 
@JeffreyPollack the outside bathrooms are so disgustingly dirty, someone has to keep that stuff clean 
Needs her stuff she bought on ebay now! 
learn some university stuff  ..  
@rickyoneill i use that too! let me know how the new site is. metallica i think are a bit money grabbing and don't like stuff on for free 
ya know, i hate to wear this girl stuff. i can't be hyperactive  u know what is it?
another plane accident...why must i always be seeing headlines about this kind of stuff so close to my florida trip? 
@xbllygbsn ooo ;). what site? lol :$. i need some new clothes... asos is amazing, but the stuff i wants way too much  :$ lol
Whoops - accidently had an ice cream - I'm so crap at this diet stuff - never had to do it before!!! 
a delivery guy just came to the door and I got really excited thinking it was my Bats stuff... it was the wrong address  failfailfail.
played a day long with telekom mediacenter. Nothing works really most of the stuff suck. Nothing new. Lots of works remains to be done 
@julian_delfiki That sucks, sorry to hear that you lost some important stuff. 
@danimcmen oh I wish!!!  jus heard great stuff about it.
@JeriDansky only 1 independent and it focuses mostly on historical stuff-there used to be a really nice one years ago but it closed 
what a relief!!! mad dry blood and boogars came out. that plastic stuff was sewn to my septum! they hadda rip them out  but boy am I happy
Letting the hair dryyyyy, going to pick up my check and deal with bank stuff. I'm all grown up, 
@morethnavrage lmao, I'm just saying bc I post links to my stuff sometimes 
@thewhitemage I got it and it is deaded now but I felt really guilty - I hate killing stuff - makes me sad 
Why does it seem like I am TRYING to worry about stuff?!? 
This stuff is definately not glittery. 
@eric_chambers I'm on my mobile, can't see stuff like that 
All I can say is I now have many more reasons to bring my 360 with me.  With all the stuff it has now, I neglect it way too much 
@stolemyusername hey i'm straight and i love rainbowy gay stuff  gay is cool
@lyricsmode_com ahhh yea i don't know how to do one of those or where to send them hahaha i'm a mess with legal stuff 
@BookGnome i agree. i'm sure you're saying all sorts of awesome comic book stuff that i miss out on 
@forever12 lol i was just cringing to myself... why do i love that bloody stuff so much? i should also love the weight gain lol 
@mcfly4life yeah and them horny kitten and stuff keep folowing me 
@mcfly4life yeah and them horny kitty and stuff keep folowing me 
@AlyxxDione i think so. lol johnboy has had alllllllllllllllllllllllll of his online account stuff get hacked. smh 
@jackehcat I looked it up when you mentioned it earlier, but I don;t know shit about that stuff. 
@HotBeans  I like ur stuff &gt;nice ;-) was DMing it to U, but u no follow me 
@PDaisyJewelry  I'm right there with you.  It's so hard to function with the painful sinus stuff!!!
@lynettechua nice stuff.  i should get an iphone. HAHA.
@mooreshugar How did you do with your to-do list? I only got halfway through, and mostly inconsequential stuff. 
@JonathanRKnight wow so somber  i've heard some stuff though (from who i wont say)..so i'm looking forward to 2010 ;-)
although I know they arent going to let him get away with half the stuff he did before.  veer
@KanoTigress Welll..... meh, like I said, I'm too freaked right now to continue playin games. If you have stuff to tell me just txt it 
@AmandaBGilbert because it's so sad  I have to actually grow up and it's scaring me!!! Haha no more mommy making me dinner and stuff!!
@rebeccavine, I wish I could have gone - cleaning/moving stuff 
math stuff this week sucks cuz i  don't have anyone to talk to and in there i feel lonerish!!! humpfff 
went to town on saturday bout loads of stuff but there aint any decent shops 
@gypsyjr that's awesome! I have a hard time watching the behind-the-scenes stuff. Feelings of jealousy are overpowering. 
I wanna throw stuff around. HAHA 
Oh noo  why do the coolest guildies have bad stuff happen to them and then they need to hiatus.
@Galiiit i'm alright, just got lots of stuff going on  whats new?
At school, doing some stuff til; 6' o clock 
@alpower No, not really. I normally start at 10, but we've just implemented some new stuff and I needed to be in before the market open. 
I thought downloading stuff from mysandbox.com was free .. 
@RosamondJ there's a couple but i can't work out how to search for stuff?  
@amazingantonia In store DFEINATELY! Then you can try stuff on, I hate getting something delivered and it doesn't fit 
Lots of stuff to do tonight! 
Doing some fizik subject stuff omg so hard 
@grum restavit is horrid stuff   temazepam for the win!  stillnox is a bit yuck too
@GlowMore and the clearnce stuff are boring 
I've been writing so good stuff lately and there are so few places to perform any of it.   
@DasIdiom considering i'm from and moving back to south nj, i would have heard about new stuff. but alas, i haven't 
Needs a good nights sleep! I feel like a zombie  I have stuff to do but don't feel like getting out of bed...
@jonasbrothers you guys i feel horrible i used to say mean stuff to @justinmgaston and i didn't pretend he'd read those and now i feel so 
is sorting out her sisters stuff out to be put into boxes.  it's too weird 
@playspymaster No...I can log in, but all my stuff is gone 
is going to stuff herself full of tofu. 
It appears my good packing job was mostly for the stuff in storage.  I don't know where anything that came home with me is.  
@xdeartragedyo i know i've missed loads, but it really was amazing The howard stuff was hilarious, there was more to that too memory fail 
@lizzeann my brothers got the good stuff there...  not me. We are in the same boat.
I should probably look into optimizing the mysql stuff, pretty messy 
@ninpolite I like arby's  although they have gotten a bit chincey with their stuff lately, those cheese sticks are completely disgusting
Why am I always so awake and hyper at night?  I like it, but I always have to wake up early and do stuff.
@geekgirls just saw the project natal on your blog... very cool, yes, but im not sure if i like all this new 'physical' gaming stuff... 
@bethie138 I'm using the stuff that came with the couch when we bought it...but I'm kinda giving up hope 
@mattcutts the fallout from this nofollow stuff cld be huge, crawl team has created confusion 
I guess I'll have to amuse my self in the uni break rather than learn stuff I want to know about! 
@KellieBurger yeah, but i dont think im going up there these holidays  i have stuff on :'( *tears up*
@AngelEyedGodess yeah fake go out would be good now lol I didn't even get to tell you about my stuff yet 
@inaudwetrust I'm sorryyyyy  I'm so bad with planning stuff...
just came back from ameeting with my thesis advisor. forgot about half of the stuff we talked about last time. epic FAIL 
Checking promo mails. Lots of bad stuff 
@nataschamirosch love it, but havent' been there in over a year, so much great stuff here that i forget about 
@jes2go quantiwhat? What kind of jibber jabber are you saying? lol I wake up, clown around, and go to work. I don't do algebra and stuff 
..I wish i could plug my brain into my computer so I could just download stuff into it.  need to learn a lot of new things...
having trouple doing daily stuff cuz of my broken thump !!! hand in a cast 
Too damn hot again and I've got stuff to do in the garden I can't put off any longer 
@sebeys i keep waiting for youtube to catch on and redesign their stuff, but they seem to like what they have 
Why is it I don't mind loading the dishwasher but I bloody hate having to unload &amp; put the stuff away 
@ohjennifer excuse me barlow, geoff hewitson is brilliant! ahha however the stuff we have to learn is rubbish 
@leeye ah! right the time zone  do you need stuff by tomorrow? if that happened to me i'd be going nuts (as i'm clueless what to do next)
@anaksapi i just don't know.. this growing up stuff really kills me! 
Waiting on the charity shoppers before turning into law arrrrggghhhh! I used to enjoy looking @ acts and stuff 
@AlexaRPD hey u never post pics of ur self? U always talking about ur job &amp; stuff but u never let no body see u 
@bop24buf i'm lifting stuff and moving things and i just got stuck under my bed 
@dsigurani umm can we please have a 4 hour long conversation?  Also, I want you to send me some of your stuff to read!  I miss it and you 
i was wrong. i've shopped too much.  i don't know how my stuff will fit.
@InMyProOpinion That's the 1joy of having boys-they don't get into my stuff-but then again, they also don't get excited 2 try new prodcts 
@josephinemarie i have a poorly toe  think its an ingrown toenail, loads of yellow stuff came out of it the other day +o( haha im fiiiit!!
@marzabar Now? I'm still hearing election stuff... 
my camera is still broken  the stupid ppl still didn't send me the stuff to mail it to 
@mitracorinne still upppppppp..I have a bunch of errands to run  what are you up to?
@mmmonkman same here  Ah, how come stuff to do piles up so quickly X_X
just woke up. gotta do some laundry and stuff 
back to working on english stuff; again. 
@Frannyann It was stuff  I'd downloaded onto my old lappy, but now it's all lost. I only have my cd's left 
@selenagomez aww I'm sorry swty..I don't like when that sorta stuff happens..so I won't be youtubing it..I'm really sorry 
damn graffiti clean-up guys cover up stuff that takes me hours to paint in places nobody would even care I was painting at anyways  
@jimmycarr 8 out of 10 cats was good. i went to see it live last night, but they cut out loads of funny bits!!  but was good. good stuff.
i need a job..this being broke stuff aint fun 
@wandatheowl SORRRYYY!!! I really didn't mean it... I was just messing with you.  *hug* I'm just going through my own stuff- *hug* nya.
theres lots of weird stuff on this here twitter thingy. little 'rt' and '@' and '#' confusing 
is thinking about trying to be normal for a change...scary stuff 
I went to walmart to get all my stuff I needed and I was in such a hurry I didn't even have time to check out hott guys 
I can't stop biting my lower lip, now its bleeding and stuff 
excited that i got my dorm stuff early before the prices jacked up..wish i could have a microwave but they said no 
@Lullerfly i could have sworn that I had some of their stuff.. but i don't 
what's with the new highqualityness of youtube? i dont give a crap about quality, it's making everything load slow 
@pdwhite522 Ahhh, don't say stuff like that. I am seriously considering adding to my list already 
@HellaSound i cant say...  i use MOSTLY... copperplate gothic bold... i like stuff you can read off top... ya know
@KCLAnderson I fast forwarded thru all that ending stuff 
@EskimoJoelted awh i wouldnt beable to cope if i went through what happened to you &amp; stuff 
@magicaljod awww. that's so sweet. it sucks seeing that stuff. 
Not fair how during sale season fat ppl always get the good stuff 
@XxXLa_MenOrxXx jea i stayed home been watching movies&amp;stuff lol.  sad. &amp;you?
@llllllllola hhhhhh I will but let me finish my stuff 
@kilary ohgod you drink that stuff? 
@stewartkris you don't have the cool tie dye background anymore  just the normal twitter stuff haha
loooking stuff up about the fair. i cant go to the one i really want to go too 
I really really dont understand this stuff... 
@jenfamous dang your really thinking about stuff that hard? 
@Eyeslam just that stuff?  thought you had something fancy like your pizzas
@aliyaki Taking it late is very hard...  if you take it too late you get fun withdrawal stuff. 
Paper Towns was awesome!! And now I'm kinda sad that I don't have any more @realjohngreen stuff to read 
Going to see some stuff with @mykl4.  Yay to that, boo to the minor cleaning later! 
@jjongie No way, you can do a lot of stuff already like plan overseas trips and stuff. Even stuff like that, I don't think I can ever do 
@1capplegate aw that's crap,  so like... are they gonna ship your stuff to you?
Working on @tiffanypink's pictures and waiting on some yard-salers to get here.  I just want to get rid of all this stuff!
@anthonyricardo awwww that sucks  all that camera stuff is MADDDD expensive!
I love beef but I'm allergic to it. Also chicken and most feathery stuff. 
@shellmccready yaaay. i have no idea who's going, no one seems to want to tell lanna stuff anymore 
@CassCass02 I am about to get this room of mine together cause I have stuff all over lol.. But nothing fun 
electronic stuff just like to watch you suffer 
@aherne148 powerfull stuff but for the wrong reasons 
is still putting all the stuff back in the attic! i am so tired right now. dont know if i can finish it!  or be asked to! so very boring!!
They're deleting everything! I don't think I have my stuff backed up...  tweeting on a random iPhone lol
feels super sad  I can't believe my toungue can be so fucking stupid just blurting out stupid stuff... again... http://plurk.com/p/yxl60
ughh stuff for finalss 
Is devasted because her macbook hard drive died and she has stuff unsaved! 
@thecraigmorris I am reduced to microwavey stuff as I don't have an oven  I'd love ocean pie.
@entropygoddess I totally would ex. some stuff stays, some goes,&amp; I'd prob end up w/no underwear or toothbrush if someone else packed 4me 
@lizvengeance - i can't  i'm dieting again no sweet stuff
@lulusdotcom is out of all the stuff i was planning on buying 
@Glittergirl18 really?  the thing i hate about it is the controls... its so hard to do stuff.
just saw a load of sexy stuff on ebay i want 
is wishing she could get the stuff she wants from coastal scents  if only i weren't so poor.
@jennxpenn well it takes 1.5 gigabytes and my comp had 141 now it has 74.4 my memory has 512 now ihave to buy more stuff to play me game. 
heading over to costco - i can't wait - ugh  i do like getting stuff from there but the experience is always overwhelming - oh good times!
too much cool stuff to buy! not enough $$  #supercon
@SteveKardynal i love em but their new stuff is not the cool jibberish i fell in love with 
is wishing I was not too klutzy for a motorcycle..i think it would fall under the stupid stuff to hurt my back category 
Shouldn't watch scary stuff at bedtime. 
I deeply regret getting kicked off of what.cd  Just as I got into really obscure stuff, the kind that only what has.
@tonyhawk give away 2 what? wow what kind of stuff am i missing.... 
When the rapture happens the rest of us left behind will get all the stuff. And *just* as I was downsizing. 
@superlovers i know, if i had known earlier that it wasn't just gonna be for the teachers and stuff i would've gone!!  we need to hang out
ooh no ..i dont like this version of interstate love song. my homie must've been on that stuff when he was singing. he was so off key. 
i mite go 2 bed after i juss get some stuff deal with then im up @ 5am 
@kassyvo i know  i have a lot of stuff that i need to take care of before monday  we'll reschedule
@rxtheride @rxgellivictor my purse breaks and my stuff are everywhere i stop for a second then i continue running away. 
@brendajuice (no comment x 2)     anyways aim session. send me the stuff...
I'm real confused about stuff. And I don't like it 
ok.. I'm pissed off.  there's a bunch of stuff missing between s3 e12 &amp; s2 e13 
good...  I think I saw too much.... and now I know too much.... stuff i already knew... but now.... i KNOW  
My nose just bleeded a huge quantity of red stuff... 
@ether_radio i know! i just... couldn't help myself, and now i'm all shaky and stuff  but was delicious!
@tegaaan just work stuff! running the apple tech support, got crazy busy around 3-4ish! sooo tired 
@jackalltimelow i'm so jealous they get to hear new stuff. it's not fair. us loyal fans back over here in the usa want new songs toooo 
finally get some stuff done...at four in the morning 
vast temptation is next, since the internet is temptationless. seriously. only live stuff comes up 
just deleted some stuff from lastfm library. i lost 400 plays 
@PaulyVara @troiboi ohhh she said stopped singing  lol i want new stuff too... im getting very antsy n impatient lol
@marcflores sup. Its past 2am and I'm still packing up the apartment! 7 bags of good stuff going in the trash. 
@leydon  well I'm still moving it into the corridor so there's more yet! I have my monitor and stuff still to go and all my kitchen stuff
laying in bed pretty torn up about some stuff trying to sleep and not let it get to me. 
 eurgh  silly sick. silly cold. silly tired. needs her stuff back!
@chuckoy err, might not continue with that  i still have loads of stuff to do :|
@donniewahlberg can't get any b club stuff...it's all out of stock 
I got the E.N.D. verdict = not as good as their old stuff 
Awww  are you going to get a new one. I feel bad for messing with that fluffy stuff now
packing stuff to leave london 
struggling with seo stuff 
oh how I hate throwing away old stuff  ...
@symphnysldr so excited to hear new stuff, especially since i loved every song on the cab album! wishing i was seeing you guys on tour 
this song needs a bridge, i need to shuffle some stuff around, it doesn't flow 
stupid model wont freaking paint!! The stuff keeps falling offfffff!!!!     
working on a sunday  getting some stuff done... but not enough.
aww all the water stuff leaked outta my snow globe that i have had since i was 3 
@dougiemcfly Aww you  not  i spell stuff wrong  sometimes 
is going through my stuff and getting rid of stuff i dont want at college. 
@Beksss awww  go back to the gnc and get the good stuff lol
@GeminiAngel24 It was some microwave stuff... not good 
I need to get rid of some of my artwork. 3 years of the stuff really piles up. I don't have the heart to throw any of it though 
just finished helping @jaykpurdy move a buncha stuff. now im waiting to lay out w/ @terranicole75 . the neighbor love is officially over 
just finished helping @jaykpurdy move a buncha stuff. now im waiting to lay out w/ @terranicole75 . the neighbor love is officially over 
blah blah..with destinee but she's going to leave like..right now  lol want to hangout and do stuff lol
Too tired &amp; sweaty to stuff anymore information into my brain 
@adamjford awesome! I miss camping and doing stuff like that. 
@toee haha same. completely broke  you can get hoodies and stuff too (y)
I hate losing stuff!! Also i'm hungry 
@kidipede  once we get a job and we get cars I think it'll be ECier to go to concerts and stuff
@SeviDesigns @pattyransom I know screw the other stuff...The shirt was my fave..I wore it weekly. 
@theoopsgirl I'm giving up. Apparently they don't stream it anywhere   Hopefully lots of stuff ends up on youtube.
@mileycyrus why does it seem like you and justin broke up? your both writing sappy stuff 
The internet is boring tonight...even with the new stuff in farmtown... 
@Senfaye i'm so busy t's not even funny!  but it's all good stuff so I won't complain! how's your puppy?
@FrumiousMe he's managing a pizza shop. but it means that i'm doing all the stuff for the move  and i feel bad for him
@timscythe:ooooh nnnnooooo sears stuff is supposed to be reliable 
took a nap... i woke up to tht nick news thing about dating and stuff... it made me kinda depressed...  20 hrs left... :'(
@phillymac except there's stuff in there I definitely need to file/save 
@mehaleybabich  I didnt see this either?! ha I have to much stuff on it so I dont see half of the stuff people say  sorry....
@lliswerryguy no cos its now 22:30  you need to ring me to tell me stuff like that! Lol
@TEXAZD lol nothing typical sunday stuff church,  i cooked now im chillin. its supposed 2 rain here  how have u been?
@xryanrussellx i so would except i can't buy stuff online... 
looking up stuff for college! do know which one i want to go to 
No parade for me.. Retardos go there and vandalize stuff 
speaker is dying asap  what is wrong with me and IT stuff?
Shopping and wishing I could afford stuff 
 i hate when porn ppl follow me, what. time to delete stuff~
@green_i_girl I hear ya on that! I've got a lot of not-so-fun stuff going on at work right now. 
is worrying about stuff and can't sleep.  
I have a bunch of TV stuff to watch, but I can't focus on anything for longer than 10 minutes. 
@MissTattoo i have learned to save stuff to my dvr and either cook or eat while watching, aww i am a fat kid hrmm 
@lachlanstevens me too  I'm only dowloading stuff at about 4kb/s (N)
trying to condense 6 bags down to 2. how did all my stuff expand? i think the books need to go. booo 
@koolkitten11 Yes really  I want to grow stuff!!!!
lazing about feeling extremly ill, keeps on throwingup and stuff, jeeze this is probs a virus.. 
going to return all her thailand stuff back to millets 
@icedguardian - it is. *sends it to you* *steals it back* nah, it's my dad's, cos I sold stuff for him on evilbay 
i hate it when stuff tastes bad because you're sick 
In my eden with hard rock music tv...shame have to go out quickly:lot of things to do 
@j_osborne i was told to wait until stuff is sent to me, so no 
@beadinpath I'm in need of display stuff for shows but alas, I'm not local! 
@kilianvalkhof I read sass differently and was epically disappointed when the site had no sarcasm at all but just geek coding stuff 
I have managed to stay off twitter to get some post festival domestic stuff done. It appears I haven't got much done though 
@labprim8 Just breal stuff,then they'll never ask you to do it again! Are you all aloe still? 
@dfarver76 Ugh all this stuff I have to do is painful and disgusting. 
kay. doing some scholl stuff  need holidays
Installing some random stuff to my mobile. It's going really bad, cause technology isn't co-operating with me 
@loveisnothing Regular adidas stuff? 
I am uncovering stuff I had managed to forget. Notes to and from 'friends' concerning horrible memories 
Boredd so much college stuff to doo 
i have to put all my stuff back on my phone  its takin agesss x
lmao @melomayne mannnnnn!! they be stealing my stuff!!!! 
oh, that stuff made me sick.boo. 
@Maons nah it was at college so the save to my memory stick must have failed  they dont save history on the computers and stuff... 
lacks motivation to do all the stuff she has to do this summer.. 
@JessicaNorin haha, I also eat chocolate and such stuff. But now when I'm trying to eat healthy I can't eat it  chocolate vs. vegetables?
back again, lol, everything keeps  losing signals and connections n stuff 
Why the fuck am i gettin all you guys stuff 5 minutes later? 
i hate packing to go home bc i always get new stuff on my trips and wont fit in my suitcases 
Packing some random stuff up and ran across something I wrote in 2005 about nice guys... So sad 
@mamacorder I never get any good stuff. 
@itsjulianax333 lmfao, my iphoto's been being a dumbass so i can't upload stuff  not yet anyways; and i didn't even take that may pics so
@ihavecake That is a bit rubbish of your brain.  I plan stories while insomniated too, and have imaginary philosophical conversations.
@hwilliams3782 No, I've used it a few times but it is confusing sometimes b/c everything updates so quickly I miss stuff. 
@Dannymcfly You are kind of a bad person  i'm always asking you cool stuff and being worried about you, and you never answer me!
i'm really sad becuz i am having trouble with some stuff, and now i'm crying  sigh i cry a lot though...
@Djspare  stuff is busy with updating to new server....
I have a lot of fun thinking of icons, sketching, trying solutions and stuff, but I absolutely hate the actual execution (software) part 
@sammieepaige you need the alcohol stuff. put it one before it gets infectedd. 
i really miss descalvado  i want my pics withe the cowboy hat and stuff
i really miss descalvado  i want my pics with the cowboy hat and stuff
i swear i dont think she realizes or cares how much it hurts me when she tells me about stuff they did or flirts with him in front of me 
@amandapalmer If I wouldn't have to auction my own stuff on ebay for getting any money I surely would've bought some of your stuff. 
@Upstatemomof3 thnk you! (had to get rid of 2 - nasty stuff  ) #clothdiapers
@NiSan22  if I had one I'd do that. but not to rap, probably some 666 stuff, LOL
@lilmizsunshyne GiRLLL ! sooo much funny stuff on there! but it was causing WAYYY too much drama for me. i had to let it go 
@ohaychaim UGH, I always miss the epic stuff! 
@cameronreilly I have a feeling this interview will uncover all sorts of bits and pieces like that - pretty confronting stuff, I expect 
Hsn has the best stuff. Too bad i'm broke 
it's raining on my birthday  at least i finished my housing stuff...
@vansmakeupride yeah, I was wondering if there's a free ship code too.    I'll just get my stuff at the store I guess.
@stokleywatson have any tips for music writing? I LOVE to sing, but i can't write my own stuff at all 
@brianlee87 im done packing, but i have to clean up all the stuff people left behind... &amp; there's no more room in our trash bin 
@caityfosho I have no honey  I'll just eat a bunch of stuff cause after I always feel tired XD
@shaidermask nah, i just like them, i dont have a serious hobby of buying that stuff, i dont have space in my room thats why 
 sad about stupid stuff
I hear cats fighting outside. How come I never see awesome stuff like that when I'm actually -outside-? 
@StockingsAddict this is why we don't do the hourglass stuff 
already packing stuff for london, i miss you 
omg my wheat bag has a hole in it and now all of the stuff inside is falling out. I am seriously devo  I put a bandaid on it for now...
yay for visa paperwork..   there is so much of the damn stuff..  
Why is my dojo build not properly interning the locale stuff i set via localeList? 
@twosoups infuriating ... I've ticked no substitutes now, as I was always getting stuff I didnt want 
@ricozhang its pretty cool ... soo much stuff to buy!! -- running low on cash 
@NeekyT savvvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee me!!! i hate chemistry! who the hell wants to plate stuff?! 
I got loads of stuff to do. &amp; it's raining real hard, it makes me really sleepy 
@arekkutronic I wish I could but I'm caught up in lots of stuff and I have to go to bed! 
@RoisinMcK i dnt no what the deal with him is, ive tried &amp; tried to learn him &amp; show him stuff but im getting nowhere. frustrating 
@dobx Yeeaaa.. and maybe some other stuff. Mainly, I'm concerned abt the books! 
So who here can tell me what's new in their lives or what's going on to distract myself from stuff 
really must 'stronghold' the cats... if i can catch them, they hate this stuff... &amp; will hate me for doing it 
@ann_donnelly miss you too. work busy and got some other stuff on the boil which is just keeping me silent here 
this #iranelection stuff is so startling. 
@AnniePace I agree! That happened to me this weekend when I was getting stuff for my apartmen!  Why bother shopping offline anymore?! 
is tired and doesn't want to do any volumes or cross-sectional stuff anymore.. 
I'm moving my stuff out of my apt...  I hate moving
@rulesaremyenemy That is some scary stuff going on over there. 
well it was a short visit to dundee, picked up my stuff. I feel like a tink with my lidl bags full of clothes 
I tried to get @tangsoo323 to come fold my laundry but she won't even though she likes doing stuff like that...   #squarespace #trackle
going to visit pop at the hospital for a little bit. then to white marsh to drop off MORE applications and to do stuff.unemployment sucks 
don't know how i schould .learn all that stuff till friday 
@galaxydazzle I don't know  stuff like that makes me angry
@triishh I've been missing you and the old stuff we used to do together 
@carrie713 i am lucky to get to go to cincy and do all the other stuff we had already planned for.  no extra for me to add another show. 
i always get sick when i go somewhere special or on special events  i have to drink hot stuff for my throat...yucky
i really dont know if all this stuff will fit in the car. this worries me. srsly. 
You already know   I am so alone and stuff and I'm am writing you a note, not about this just a notep
got my blood drawn and now my arm looks questionable (like ive been doing illegal stuff). The lady wasnt very good at it, she stabbed me 
@bullines crazy stuff. They don't mention where he got the gun. 
@curiousillusion I don't think I do. Usually I get @annekinla to do this type of stuff for me.  I'm helpless without her.
@Jennybeeean oh me too haha I keep everything but. U said u were throwing out all the stuff she gave u. 
@leslieanne517 child and adolescent development and educational psych, very exciting stuff 
Taking all the stuff down off the walls -- the roofers will be working the next few days -- looks really bare in here now 
now back to reality and getting stuff done...  bummer!
@kaley116 lol love it. i need to redo a part of my rez, wondered if you were in tom early? i should just figure out stuff for myself.  ha
so bored, need friends near me that want to do stuff. I don't even want to play my normal video games 
I think I regret buying a #macbook.. I can't figure out how to transfer my stuff from my external drive to it 
I am watching stuff I am like zoo bord!! 
@lyptis yeaah, it can get a bit much! so much awesome stuff out there and they keep featuring the same stuff 
@boomx17 haha, yeah, but I fell asleep right before it gets really good, when they're all high and stuff. 
determinants suck! well, they are pretty cool but tedious! don't want to be up late trying to finish this stuff 
The only thing I like about my update on my phone is the fact I can now video stuff. I miss my theme and my old stuff! 
I really wish i would quit getting emails about baby stuff 
Has different messages on twittier and tweetdeck. Methinks I am missing some stuff. 
@pvponline Aw, you didn't even bother testing out the new stuff you can do. 
@BlogAllAlong I saw the pic now and I'm wishing I ate more of that Gaudo stuff 
After looking at theWKAP webpage I want a shit ton of stuff!!!!!! But I have no monies.  @amandapalmer send me things!
@KarinaGarcia how can you eat that stuff? 
And now we await the arrival of the police... And keep noticing more missing stuff 
@TrekFragrances PLEEEEASSSSEEEE  dear god, release this perfume!!!  I smell so nooooormalllll!!  need smelly stuff  
@voMethod oeh me to! the have to play in a team stuff made it to time consuming for me 
missing having parents around to cook dinner/tell me where my jap stuff is when im too crap to find it 
@deliaheartsyou yea same i think it's so gay that prelims are so early  haha i'm dragging stuff to hk. i hope i can study man.
How do you edit stuff though? I don't like not being able to correct erros. 
@mellol wooooo I want some stuff delivered to me  I think I'm going shopping later thou
But it's not broken, 'cause she's moving it and stuff, but, she has hurt it somehow.. 
thinking. about some stuff. alot of stuff. at this time in my life; things just seem to be so overwelming 
finally finished art stuff, but i dont have time to watch a movie 
@devinlezama then why is everyone tweeting about it like they already have it?  or is there some non legit stuff going on 
NOW school's really starting. I felt a little funny labeling my stuff 2A. I miss 1B 
@hadshabat omg i tweeted you just before you tweeted me lol. haha i want a baby  but without all the messy stuff
250 emblems rings empty when I realised I spent them all on stuff I no longer need 
ok, so, I just realized I have a crap ton of stuff to do today 
Watching the new programm. Allways the same old stuff  less than 5 seconds ago
@groupss That is some nasty stuff  
Just totally rearranged my living room... kinda.  At least organized stuff.  I feel accomplished! And now my back hurts.  
@Lilmissweetlips Ahh well enjoy hun, we got a mass sort out of stuff this weekend  had a mini 1, now its the biggun !!
@mileycyrus  this girl is causing truoble on myspace pretending to be you   ' you' said mean stuff about me being fat 
i wish i lived in america  they get all the good stuff
@AnotherMoment i know  i wear it everyday but i went to the pool with heather and the retarded workers moved r stuff without asking
@loopsidoops tyty  dont u know? colorin my nails n such stuff
why is the most appealing stuff so bad for you?? 
@officialpeta How can people do stuff like that 
listening to my family have a 'talk' and being as i've been sent upstairs, I guess it's all 'grown up stuff' bigggg thumbs down 
I'm packing away all my musical theater stuff (scripts, shoes, etc.) into a big bin for storage. It was fun while it lasted 
@sammy0109 sorry I'm just doing laundry  folding clothes and picking up and stuff
is still too lazy to pack stuff.  http://plurk.com/p/11pz1n
4got to take my earrings off when I was recording &amp; now they're covered in black! That stuff is so hard to get off!! Another pair gone.. 
started packing up my stuff.... sad times 
People ALWAYS plan stuff when I have nights out planned!!! 
@NKOTBahamas2009 oh i know, i bought a cruise top &amp; same goes with concert merchandise. i buy stuff (it's always M &amp; it never fits! 
@hannday i know it was fun buying new stuff but the thought of going away...not so much 
@joshcoop oh no   i will def go on i-tunes and listen to it before purchase - i usually love her stuff!!!  how are you??
auhh tired buhh i cant sleep.. got stuff on my mind 
is layin here thinkin bout stuff.. still cant get to sleep!   this sucks big time! lol
so much stuff to put away so much stuff 
We did different stuff! Like paint and go to the park. I was opened up to another side of dating. I kind of miss her. 
@xMyLifesAStoryx why don't we have cool stuff like that in texas? 
I feel like I don't know any of this stuff.  
I'm working on my pharmchem127 lab stuff. This is so sad. 
@hotforwords too much green stuff 
I already pay through the nose for my iPhone contract, I reckon Monopolies and Mergers need to take a look at this stuff 
@krystalongan just thinkin about sum stuff 
thinking about alot of stuff. 
@itsmarababy f offfff... dude i'm so bored. nd i'm runnin out of stuff to put on my packing list you know its getting to the tricky part! 
@DelvinArnell   I hope all is well. U needing a lawyer and stuff
@paulafrancis8 Oh no i love their stuff 
@walterestrada stupid stuff. kinda complicated. i miss you 
@alanmitchell i don't think that it's  precognitive spooky scifi stuff bud - coincidence is all it probably is 
@LadyLDN oh damn and blast it! It looked so magical too. I wanted to pretend i was a pirate looking for treasure and stuff 
@ak209 not my overseas stuff is it? 
@JessicaViberg booring stuff, but has to be done 
@Mennard oh blimey - is that an infection or just a build up of horrible stuff inside? 
Finally going to sleep after an all niter working on biz dev stuff. The sun is up. 
SO heey guys, allot of boring stuff GOING on in my life like : FINALS  But jeah...
@mattclausen I would hope it wouldn't but after some of the stuff I read about, true or not, I fear it will. 
I'm soooo bored...and waiting for stuff to load... 
@drummeraaron77 it wont let me reply to stuff 
@krystyl Too much other stuff going on, unfortunately 
imz so bored  not that alot of exciting stuff would happen by 8:30 am :p
@xcaix i tried to find you after the exam but you ran off before i got my stuff together  how'd it go? unseen was a bitch.
@AdamLambertNews I always miss the fun stuff too! the collective #gokeyisadouche thing sounds like it must've been fuuun 
@ACSeanR  stop all this philosophical stuff 
@jazzy__fizzle yep i hear you... sleep was the only thing that helped me. I tried all kinds of stuff and even contact C didn't touch it 
@angelUT that daddy jeff stuff... 
Just returned from my rental storage area.... nothing more fun then packing stuff in heat and humidity 
i woke up at 11, it's 2 am now and i have class in 5 hours. bahhh so many things to do later  and i forgot to buy stuff i need for bio lab
@lindseylauren yeah i know what you mean, i hate even just thinking about stuff like that 
finally relaxes and remembers he still has stuff to do 
All of amys stuff is at her moms now 
@fundamental10 ..ya i'm waiting for this mobile thing to work. where the heck is my stuff 
doing my tax return  I hate grown up stuff
@s_b_g know the feeling. only got less than half the stuff in so far though 
tiiirrreeedd...but still have stuff to do 
i miss my ipod!  i have my pics on there and stuff
i need a new box or something. to put all tour programmes and stuff in, cos my brothers broke the one i had before  arsehole.
@ibelittle - mashbury corps we store our stuff there- no insurance for me! 
@bethwankel Ugh that sucks.  Ours has a yeast infection so we're using some prescription stuff for that too. 
@babicakes231 baking cookies sounds so good right now. wish i could have come over but i have tons of stuff to do around the house 
All my friends have stuff to do....what do I have to do...nothing! This summer absolutely sucks so far! 
figuring out what twitter is.. to just keep track of my baseball stuff...but there so many phonies on this crap 
You'd think if god wanted us to be healthy eaters she would have made the good stuff calorie free... 
You'd think if god wanted us to be healthy eaters she would have made the good stuff calorie free... 
@bradt It's just amazing isn't it... I can't stop reading them, it's fucking scary stuff... 
yall suck @caes_interlude @rylieblair i never get invited to stuff 
@__mares__ I hate the stuff - weaning myself of the script stuff - but sometimes I fall back when it gets too hard  -I say weak, but......
. . .And I don't get alone with that kind of stuff 
.And I don't get along with that kind of stuff 
...and I don't get along with that kind of stuff 
@freecloud but i AM glad u got in touch. i think it is wrong to trash in a backchannel. i did that  looking @ broadstuff now. gud stuff!
All time low's new stuff is good, but its not their style. 
@gotkube But is sure is nice to be able to pay for stuff...not that I'd know anything about that...on second though, I hate money too.  
Eating bad stuff late. 
Still cleaning...  I need to learn to let some stuff go
I need to start packing up my stuff, but I don't want to... 
Walking home got a bag full of stuff my trumpet and my pe gear 
is never going to get sleep... I hate it when I stop, think, and process stuff... it never ends well 
@ce54r no I mean you're really good at plugging your stuff, gotz skillz! I can't sleep but my comp is off 
You guys are horrible. I can't eat any of that stuff 
@danielleward  snickers and bud lite = death? you know where to send your stuff.
taking care of some admin stuff 
I hate when I can't sleep  just laying here in the dark thinking of stuff
kinda stressed about stuff, i need a break from it all  its got to change soon
@aianna21 No, I meant after I got back, I gave you a flying leap hug and you didn't give me one back  I know about the transfer stuff.
Its 5:10 and can't sleep   to much stuff on my mind
Its 5:10am and I can't sleep  to much stuff on my mind.
@twinkle_x no there is not. I'm continually checking like jb &amp; all that for pre-order stuff. but nooo 
@brendanheaney ordered stuff and it never arrived, now they wont refund the money. apparently they're notorious for doing it! never knew 
media in like an hour, uuugh hate researching stuff 
@vmbui YES! it's uplifting stuff. We never sold our piano  
i feel lil crazy with all this stuff playing in mind.... 
@psychomule loading boxes of my books to sell and give away... not the good stuff but still the principle of the matter, grrrr... sigh 
sitting here thinking of stuff to write but by the time i actually think of something i can't write it down on paper 
@itsSABEYBABY you always turn your swagg on too high! I'll hit you up after this funeral stuff 
@alanview the other stuff range from wmn small-medium I haven't gone thru all my closets yet. I'm a semi-pack rat lol 
@MrsPBoutique that does suck. why does all the stuff i want to do involve using up time - that's what i want to know 
All my stuff is moved.. I'm so scared now. I'm not gonna see my best friend everyday now 
@hannahkhymych i love betsy johnson! i love her watches and jewelry. can't get any of her stuff here though 
is very much saddned by all the jon and kate stuff... 
OK!!! I'm scared..ash told them stuff about me..I wonder how bad stuff about me she told   
@paigemurphy_ not really  i'm still feeling really sick and stuff. How're you?
@thehoshow my stuff never seems to make it to the lost articles office anyhow 
@ChexK Just. I knew my family didn't like tats, but I'm never going to be able to tell them and they're saying stuff and it really hurts 
@amberrrniiicole like i'd have to get a whole new number and stuff 
@chloe1107 I'm exhausted  I woke up at 6 then went back to bed. then came home to do some stuff for musiqtone. then went rollerskating.
@SpikeTheLobster Aaw, I'm missing all the good stuff  It sounds implausible, but who cares about that as long as it's entertaining? lol
no decent new music, just the same old stuff. 
Doing things and stuff is hard.  don't wanna goto work. #fb
I'm not going to be able to make it to any parties this weekend. I am so sorry guys.  I have family stuff to do. I love you all very much.
Sometimes my kiddo assumes stuff that's sad, and I always try to reassure him, but it doesn't always work.  
@schelly_h They lost their big investor, so they had to cut a bunch of stuff. Like lowly interns. 
@sexpensive  I wanna be thinner. I hate the way I am now. I don't want to be a bag of bones but I don't want to be a mush of stuff, lol &lt;3
@luciana___ i wish you were on blogtv! id like to talk to you about some stuff! 
@glockchen @mikes90 nothing really...just refilled my cellphone...2 shorts...snacks...just useless stuff ...thats why I am so ashamed 
@beatdealer I had to throw it away  all the delicious syrupy stuff leaked out so it just tasted disgusting lol
likes tweetin but runs outta stuff when i dont do anythin  only one more day
dying without a sketchbook.  haven't been able to draw my own stuff since march. 
I've decided 2 bite the dust and tackle my never ending piles of piles of misc &quot;stuff&quot; that has taken ovr my room! 
@idreamcaffeine lol noooo...  haha they keep showing off there phones and stuff lol I'm jealous!!
@lisaswrite been there, lately i have written but really.. dark stuff  but uninsipired is not fun.. and i think i just mispelled that
I removed some twitter folks who keep grossing me out with gross stuff. 
is awake! Thinks it'd be nice to go for a run...tut don't hav any running stuff here 
@anamiii im just trying to decide about double majors and stuff. its more complicated than i thought 
@AlanKercinik gotcha. i have non-existent credit since i don't charge stuff &amp; don't own anything, so i couldn't get care card. 
Shit I hate satanic stuff. And I have to watch this alone 
Yawns, loads of stuff to do laaa. 
@LovEllyKoKo ahaha i guess i just have a lot of things in my mind...did you leave your stuff at dave and buster's or something?!! 
@benpeake I already had copy and paste with jailbreak. you could also store multiple blocks of text in the clipboard for regular stuff 
printin stuff for my aunt. dont ask y its so late. i forgot 2 do it earlier. 
@emo_hobo  it's stuff like THAT that makes me not post. y'all are jerks.
Ugh I hate when I let people talk me into telling them stuff and then I feel like absolute crap afterwards 
Out finishing some pending stuff 
just woke up... so tired for some reason  got some servers to play with and some flat stuff to sort as well, oh joy!
@gfalcone , my dad said not to waste money on stuff he will never use... but i will feel really mean if i didnt get him anything  xxx
@pepsitron does you web browser on your blackberry take forever to load stuff or is mine just not working? 
@chiefsanjay but the stuff needs to be mixed. No1 ever makes me cakes 
@jamiegodwin I need to take you up on that offer for key cutting sometime, I also need blank DVDs and other stationary related stuff too 
With all the #maxout stuff, I forgot about Leggard  #f1
The garage sale is underway! So far I've made, $110!!!!! BUT, most of my good stuff is gone. 
just trying to sell stuff, huh? No one's trying to develop relationships here 
@amandita1985 oh noooooooo, I hate when stuff like that happens  nowadays I always keep important stuff backed up in two locations
@empyr house / dub / bass.  not any hip hop right now.  i had a bunch of stuff i did way back but that computer died.  long gone now.  
just used the last of my fresh sugar lip scrub  great stuff just can't buy here
@amberwhiting  get good movies, liek the ones I have, what kinda music you got?
@teenagelust  I miss all the good stuff through my own sheer idiocy/tiredness
sitting amongst all my holiday stuff not knowing what to pack and what not too! 
i has a headache.  i'm home alone doin stuff til 3-4 then partyin it upp!
Going through bills and paperwork! I hate this kind of stuff! 
I hate leaving the states 'cause there is no greek yogurt in mexico  I could live for that stuff
@polaroidcamera i don't believe that stuff anymore. mainly because i was born on 11/11 &amp; i'm quite unlucky 
@thekeyofv i don't have any of their stuff 
my mom is making me donate clothes. I hate getting rid of stuff. 
Guess some things never change  I thought the bullshit was in the past, but I guess it wasn't meant to be.
@DeidreKnight I didn't see it either, but think it's a great idea! Things are flying fast and furious on loop and stuff's getting missed 
@poppythecat all this 80s stuff isn't helping 
@beccaviola as long as your ok?? I don't like the thought of you on your own when you need support with stuff  .. text if you want pickle
I can't afford clothe making stuff 
crap, just deleted all my pics off my phone...loads of good ones 
@genjones32 Ah I see, I hate using externals simply because it makes stuff so slow and clumsy, plus you can't use it with in-game music.. 
@MicheleStrachan I can. But I have lots of stuff to do this week. Some fun, some not so fun. 
@lahkneekah not yet  have to order it still. haha i suck at ordering stuff online but i'm buying it with a check so i have to mail it.
@avajade I think the only solution is lots of coffee - shame I can't drink the stuff 
@wizbiff I know!!! Just awful for them to have to deal with that stuff... 
Going through my papas stuff 
i'm soooo aqqravated....i'm tryinq not to sweat the small stuff but i quess i am 
Just moved furniture. Wowsers I have a lot of stuff 
@MISSMYA i used to smoke, that was not fun i got hooked on all the legal and illegal smoking stuff for like 4 years from 17-21 
@MISSMYA stuff.  i was very lucky to get out of all that and be healthy still, it was not fun, i had to go to the hospital more than once 
@jes_cuh nothing dumb stuff as alwas u know the deal   It suhks
I want my stuff. 
@_LOUB_ always wanted to read that  awesome stuff, then?
getting my demo together for the songsalive workshop.  i need to get new stuff recorded 
@sherriel1110  thats sad, one of the best parts! Is all the twitter stuff out too?
@cmkal I try to look for it everytime I remember but I can never find it.  I will teach you. There are other sites that you do this stuff.
nowww watching last episode of the tudors  and then packing some stuff for roma!!
Never eat chocolate and glow stick stuff 
@iampiran I miss all the good stuff 
luggage still not found and lost  I want my clothes and stuff!!! 
is thinking spotify's a bit shit now... I can't half the stuff I'm searching.  #fb
@jorilallo the religious stuff in bsg was really a turn off 
restoring miggy now because i messed up his icons and stuff. 
feeling so sick!...so nervous about nick stuff 
@krisweetea damnit, i told robyn to ask you to ask him to stuff me in his luggage! i miss texas 
So tired  gone to do some grad stuff !
[I don't know much.  I don't know to much, but I know this stuff is messed up]...yay for the need to censor myself on facebook 
I shouldn't watch cheerleader stuff... it makes me want to cheer again so bad 
@bruisemeister I'd like to say I won't... But I'll be working on g/l stuff so it's not going to be fun. 
laptop now running kubuntu 9.04 and keeping as little stuff on it as possible - giving it back to uni on fri 
Just done a hell of a lot of revision  pooped now, and still got fuckin food tech
@grggmlss i've sent most of my stuff home now...still got walls full of pictures though 
I am such an idiot for leaving all this uni stuff so late 
@jcstl I definitely won't be able to get my stuff done before 5!    #squarespace
@adecote  i admit it is hard for me to go to dance and see the skinnies. i wear baggy stuff for that exact reason: hiding. 
One day we'll just get back to teaching cool stuff instead of constant failing testing rituals http://tinyurl.com/mdxxpu Until then: 
I need a friend that wont do this kind of stuff to me. But i think all the good ones are taken 
@mizeyesis yeah rain and fets does make nasty  The rabbits out here, they're huge from this stuff...
@mollydotcom We don't get that stuff in our timelines anymore, thanks to #fixreplies 
@MissTellu aww you guys want to do touristy stuff 
How am I not tired??? I've done loads of stuff today but I'm still wide awake 
packing up my stuff.... had a helluva vacation, now its back to reality 
i cant find the bday card i like !_____! shit  i've only found 3 of 4. !_! consider of buying a new stuff
@GoldenTouch4 I didn't have a topic  I'm trying to branch out &amp; not do just relationship stuff
Awwee  @kaitlynmjonas when will u b home so i can pick up my stuff? I have some nasty garbage work.
the movers are packing all my stuff 
@TeeRexWest tuff love is what it takes at times  that's funny stuff dude!
so wanted to bake muffins but i dont have the right stuff 
awk i wish they did tho ... i wouldnt mind doin the stuff for someone ... i love doing it !! 
OK I hate it when business invades on my vacation, even when it is valid stuff. 
@AlannahCoupar was at barry buddon doing all this army stuff 
srry ive been so busy lots has happened  lots of bad stuff some good stuff too but mostly bad.
Currently annoyed that as a licence fee payer I can't access iplayer when abroad, ie, forgot to download stuff before I left 
I think I need to start phasing wheat out of my diet except for the sprouted stuff for the most part  even the homemade stuff is bad now.
i might try the blue stuff later but i'm not sure. i think i'd rather have the purple stuff...i miss pitch black 
@wondroushippo I don't have the stuff to make 'em.  
blah I hate having to type all this stuff I hand wrote while my computer was in the shop  it's so boring!
@lilyramirez You guys are making me highly upset by talking about this stuff knowing I can't go for obvious reasons 
dude i miss the west coast. @dejanaykeyeras all twittin about inn&amp;out n stuff 
but then you find out that they need to know stuff about who you know. they dont care about you...just your connections. so frustrating 
Some chick snuck on his tour bus. So security wouldn't let him come out and sign stuff. 
fine i'll just go 2 the mall &amp; buy all the stuff you already have &amp; waste my $ 
@real_superpass will the new replay stuff require flash 10? ..which I can't upgrade to 
this is beyond sad  http://www.adoptuskids.org all those poor bbs who've done nothing to deserve such shit situations.
@lindawarren i miss sending customers there when we dont do stuff they want, now --i'm well would have sent you to woolies but.. so sad 
@kcstokes amazing ! i love doing that kinda stuff i just dont have a camera 
@ivyclark unfortunately i have been here awhile, they knew all the stuff i needed, very poor planning 
half term, awesome stuff! but its so cold! 
Why when I plan to go to the library and do lots of useful stuff do I wake up more tired than when I went to bed? 
looks like shit and is moving all his stuff out of his flat today 
i need to stop watching scary stuff on tv before bed. I keep having nightmares  I'm scaaared.
is not a fan of lending ppl stuff they don't return 
@nevillez eeeeeeewwwww they suck now, i will only go if they play their old pretty songs, their new stuff sucks  it breaks my heart
i need the sources and anything else thats necessary im getting stuff off the web too so its a little easier  *sigh*
Is starting to pack up all her stuff 
Morning yall frustrated I can't put the stuff on my tattoo need some assistance. 
ah, just bought a whole bunch of goodies... i am more than ready to start this... now i just have to wait for the package to arrive 
Finally got my Bbycks order and they sent me the wrong stuff ;s so i have to send it back 
i need a macro lens  stop being so freaking expensive fun photo stuff!
Interesting stuff, @AdamOfDallas, the problem is that the follow/unfollow is hard these days, not for me only. 
@therealhaz Wow, 12:30am? That's amazing, wish crazy stuff like that happened down here 
@untuckem Aww... I missed out on all the cool stuff 
still trying to finish stupid contracts and marketing stuff.  wishing i was taking a nap instead. 
@hptwilighter Sadly, no all i've got in a normal camera and crappy recording stuff 
@AnikaRamirez seriously....that was great stuff....now I am sad 
@KingUnicorn both the kid's DS's were taken from the car and my stuff was thrown around  i always lock it , dunno what happened. sad kids.
@knitplaywithfir you can have the felted tweed.  and maybe some other stuff too.  keep the bulky.  i am not allowed more yarn right now 
I feel so dumb because my host  so smart at all this site stuff and I don't know that much! 
@ryuuenx no the other guys you mentioned, haha  its cool ive been posting up random stuff for the past hour&amp; been getting a kick out of it
is talking about twitter and similar stuff 
doing some stuff in the garden 
anyone wanna buy me stuff online?  i'll pay you in hugsssssssss
@v_legand looking great iain!!!!  You can never get ready early enough, when it comes to stuff like that! :p
@mikedignammusic hey, your stuff's quite good  can you get it on itunes?
@MattShaw ooooh, i want more cool stuff 
wonders if norwood hyper has any pesach stuff left, havent done my shopping yet 
Wow, I managed to spend 30 min working on not-work-related stuff  And I'll be leaving office in about 20min anyway. At least I hope so...
@HilzFuld haha i search things like anyone know? and stuff like that.  nooo problem.
I wonder if I could post loads of stuff, then I would have a horde of dancing monkeys!! 
@jennrims dinner time over here; i rustled up some beef caldereta from scratch - good stuff!   
... still employed, no trouble there      it's other stuff that's not as sweet
Shopping yet again! H&amp;M stuff is fab bought a top and a skirt... 
@duckynz yay shoppin' and stuff! 
@lonemat you're message about @emmak67 and having trouble reaching top shelf &amp; you putting stuff you hate on top. 
going to work now, look at my stuff to do with new york later 
@cognoscento That she - @Kimli - does. I keep lookin up stuff she says 
@cadillaczak will sort it out  (the podcasting stuff)
http://www.eatintheraw.com/  This stuff is so yummy &amp; good 4 u! rich in b12 
@defiantmike DiviantArt is deviantly addicting  do you have your stuff out there for us to admire??
@leinsterman nja, @DarrenGreene na was trying to be smart ! Only heard about that stuff from my granddad 
Trying to figure this complicated stuff out! 
@nunovargas It is right Vargasss..you talk a lot but you do say too good stuff!  would you tell me whats &quot;the user&quot; to you??
@goursote hm.. the usual stuff. don't care anymore. I've been living this for 20 years 
wrote papers...took quizzes...generally got stuff done...i'm finally getting into this whole college thing! 
@rattgirl sweet  we'll have to coordinate stuff 
@DiyanaAlcheva so obvious: They have weird names for all their stuff. 
@diegochi I'm driving in the same stuff..its not bad 
@amorouspaire thank you for loving my stuff 
@DuHastSteph lol, for me it was, her ipod has some random stuff on it, did u have fun at the footy? 
show was rad thanks to sam for buying me all that cool stuff!  yr so rad!
@ChrisMillerJr ..about 70 % are spammers and the rest just keep on shouting stupid stuff.. but still we use it ... 
@lexichow smile smile   ......hey i guess u just maybe V.I.P. material right lol
@redjumpsuit yous should reply to your alliance stuff 
Watching computer chronicles on http://lunduke.com/?p=402 good stuff 
@Liqueberry rmb all the crazy stuff we did in oxford??  being chased by security n shit.
@mrbrown  have a good trip dude. might take this opportunity to grab some bike stuff. 
@Xanneroo It's the load with all the boxes of stuff from the attic of all your previous houses 
@roncallari great stuff. will add to reader. thx for sharing w/ the community 
@SnarkySabs flexibility, adhd, lifelong learning ... all good stuff 
@casualcottage ooooo I would love to come over and spread some stuff lol 
@casualcottage ooooo I would love to come over and shred some stuff lol 
but roberta or whatev is hotter and stuff :p  Doctorrrrr who tonight 
@mneylon heh good stuff. Something so simple results in such a vast difference 
shifted again to a new house.. settling in.. aches n pains all-over..  how do we manage to gather so much of stuff???
Listening to kevin swan talk about album design - always good stuff. 
@KatThornton I'm throwin' stuff on the grill as we speak. Or type, rather. lol I could use another little grill if you have one. 
Just back from walking the dog, catching up on emails and stuff after a weekend gardening 
Just added the bands we have confirmed so far to the site.  Some good varied stuff there 
@blindcripple hahaaaaa! she's used to hectic Mypradol sessions-normal stuff doesn't work for her. it's insane yet hilarious 
@EranEyal awesome stuff. sure all the peeps at FOWD will enjoy the @woothemes tshirt giveaway! 
@monstrocity good stuff 
It looks like @timetric is _the _ thing on #seedcamp london. Great to see more infoviz stuff 
now we're on my hotel again, listening to music and stuff like that  loveit!
@KimSherrell that seems like a good all round workout you do, great stuff 
Just finished myspace  and printing stuff for my sister...
@mcannonbrookes cool stuff! though it doesn't seem like your servers can hold so many requests 
@emberswift  That doesn't sound pleasant at all!  haha    Sounds like things on right on track with your new stuff, that's great to see!
@Bazerwan I think it was just kids messing bout had tried getting on the roof of extension using stuff in the garden but its cleared now 
@furrytigerkitty And the memories and stuff? Those are golden. 
@talkintech Unfortunately I don't think you'd drool for this kind of porn! Not when it involves earthworms and snails and stuff 
@blundell07 with me able to split up the tracks, I was able to clean pretty well with a few filters 
@brittpols I have odd notions of fun, I admit  I'm shocked how much stats stuff I've forgotten since school.
@StuartLivesey scoble and video editing are an oxymoron. my understand is that he had a team doing some of that stuff 
@irishstu Thats the most ridiculous site i have ever seen, great stuff 
@johncessna Yes sir, I REALLY hope you get your hands on a d400 and then let us shoot stuff with it  #SummerTimeFilmmaking!
@hollymccaig We'll take good care of that stuff if you sent it with us! 
finished watching the financial news, burning some stuff, chillin 
@REALConformist Sounds like it has all the good stuff and none of the bad - weird. I quit a few years ago, so... too late for me 
@lil69  hey...i love jalepenos... but the stuff on those red things is hot but not flavorful... and why r we argueing over food 
@suitechauvhan girl my room is sooo messy its crazy.. im doing well tho.. im just working on some stuff.. 
to library and then to grocery store to buy some stuff for sweden! 
@limburger2001 I am quite partial to people touching my stuff.. 
@camillagodzilla good stuff  chocolate and slash. you cant go wrong!
Another day of moving house!! I had loads more stuff than I first thought!! 
Something about being drunk dialed n' stuff amuses me so!  #toofunny #toocute #yeg
@xmellyssax I am indeed. I play guitar, bass and trying drums with a little vocals. It's good stuff  you play anything?
going shopping a bit to buy stuff with my b'day moneeeey  oooo yesssh!
watching stuff on youtube  haha
About to listen to the new Maccabees stuff 
@KatBB What's so confusing? You say stuff, other people read it and maybe say stuff back! 
@SilkCharm just read your article in the smh, interesting stuff and I particularily like the graphic! A monitor straight out of 1995!!! 
@silvernik good stuff  you'll have to show me. Jacksons as always have a good selection of threads
just bought new clothes and camera whoop! love it when dad actually spends stuff 
I am such a dim wit when it comes to all this sort of stuff...  all these stars talking I dont think so I am very sceptical
@pedaah No I don't. I sit on my butt most of the time at a computer, or I'm cooking/cleaning/doing domestic stuff 
@imeanwegotguys Make stuff up? 
If you visit the forums you need to register to see the good stuff 
bamboozle! day one, check my stuff often i may upload stuff from my phone 
Doing some last min stuff before I join my parents again 
editing stuff , listening to musicccccc . (: texxxt me ! 
@ddlovato where is taco bell haha. currently happy i'm taking spanish 1 and i actually remember stuff 
@EverydayEntr @cooliphoneapps1 @timwhitehomes She expects that kind of stuff from me! 
been procrastinatin the move 2 adulthood.. it just seemed as though there was 2 much baggage... some stuff can be left behind tho.. 
I only spent fifteen bucks and I got a backseat full of stuff 
going flying and picking up robot stuff 
@smokedrinkdrive i still have the bone!  that's kinda morbid but i keep stuff like that 
@InfiniteNova thanks nova  the problem with it is there was a lot of personal stuff and their treating it like a joke so ya....
@trib a bit yep  and stacks of canned stuff 
in the middle of walmart at 2am. fun stuff. 
had so much fun on my shopping spree...lots of stuff 
this is fascinating stuff. 
just woken up, off to download stuff off limewire 
I'm printing some stuff to write in my journal.. 
@gvangool: we've got wireless in the hotel; so other stuff can be downloaded 
@chelsha oh wow picking out wedding bands and stuff...sounds like fun  congrats to her.
@robobabe &quot;...we're not allowed to go more than 10 metres from the fence in case we beat the shit out of pedestrians and stuff.&quot; 
@dcfemella Lol I don't do the 9to5 gig but I work on my stuff ie business plans layouts website but its all done from my couch...llsss 
@EdLeafe awesome stuff -- never thought you had much in common with Texans before, did you? 
simply can't wait ...! At least I have lots of stuff to read and to watch, won't be boring while I'm waiting! 
Just ordered some user testing of our new design... exciting stuff! 
@ThisIsRobThomas  funny stuff...
@linnjeanette hahhahhhaha, yeah, I forgot, I'm so forgetfull when it comes to this kind of stuff 
@josephdee great stuff - I'll see you there then. Really looking forward to it 
@davidarchie yay for writing sessions! I'm soooo excited for new stuff from you to listen to. 
shower n stuff. desprite housewives t-nightt.! 
@tasyaanavianda i discovered her aages ago n tho sometimes her stuff tends to sound similar i really like her voice n that sahara song 
@coyoteskitten anytime  i love this kind of stuff
@sguerrero490 http://jennyray.deviantart.com/ there you go  old stuff though...
@lisasamples You've won stuff!!!  I know I've typed your address more than once  #kelloggs
If i was a dwarf my name would be weirdy because over the years i think i got weirder lol on some snl stuff 
@Satriy0 ahem, what stuff? 
@jdpeterson  I just want to go to bed, have endless money, and play stuff. 
@keoncam i dont get that stuff 
@heyjulez yes it is!!!! colorful stuff makes me happy 
Wants to continue his reading but there's tons of stuff to do 
@hitrecorders! please follow @FollowHitRECord so that we can keep our updates and stuff there  use it to spread word
@idangazit I don't find this stuff amusing any more 
@ljs777 for the most part, not enough space on one drive to properly defrag, nowhere else to put stuff, but yeah, reassembled 
@charavel nice! now gimmeh some nice stuff 
@anitabora yeah, right. What if our politicians start using uploading their pics, lots of inside stories will be out 
@leeshay Just this random quote! I love stuff like that... 
@cheryltiu yup slowly recovering. it sucks that i can't eat the stuff i'm craving right now. my gums can't take it. how was your trip? 
@switchfoot loving your music , had a good recommendation from someone who knows his stuff 
@homeandhosed :O goodness, i havn't heard it. i lovelovelove her old stuff though, the overture the underscore is the best album i think 
@vickitequila oh I meant how to put stuff into formatting and in what order. It was early in the morning, okay! 
@cameronstrang that's because of all the stuff that was stolen while you were gone...  
@MissDeeeee don't encourage me... I've got years of this stuff. you will regret it ! 
I lke wearing kiddies clothes. Makes me breasticles look all big n stuff 
@CarCrashHearts what do i have? lots of stuff. 
@gregbd you can explore the site 2 and find cool stuff 
@rjramos yeh take ur time, no pressure   how did u learn to twirl around the knifes and stuff?
@wolfchild59  heheheheh... lol... I always figured he'd send them your way if he got any dupes... I felt bad not sending him stuff... 
off to glue stuff onto poster 
@duskyblueskies I am pretty sure that's the sort if tweeting that will lose followers. But stuff it- it was well worth it 
@thebeaddoodler You are welcome  I love cute stuff!
@kateblogs It's never too late - they just need to buck their ideas up and stop being such a bunch of stuffy old reactionaries! 
my mom want a little pond with fish&amp;stuff.. i think it will be great 
hi world  just showered doing laundry (fun stuff). one cappccino machine placed this thurs. sun is out and may take the wing for a ride
apart from the key fiasco i just had, i'm back.  going to kill greens for a while, need my stuff back 
@mattyriley i didn't no  but it's scary stuff lmao
@samkalbag remember to send that e-mail today  let me know what they said, I hope they offer you loads of free stuff. That'd be awesome.
@max2sky you better brush your stuff! 
@willfindherway yeah, you should read it :] good stuff. good night 
@karleigh are you all going to put spoiler alerts on world tour stuff on jbf this summer?? i would love ya if you did 
@starri228 celebrity apprentice stuff  joan rivers dominated!! U get that history paper knocked out killa?
yay, i got paid. I can eat. I spent all my money on clothes and shoes and stuff I really needed  cos I was sad and needed cheering up.
busy writing such stuff. 
@DakF man i know how that stuff goes...makes me glad I'm done with school for now 
knows the majority of the dance stuff 
I'm writing about stuff right now 
@fetmats i just have to fill it with stuff now.... 
@paulbradshaw I will always be happy to link to the good stuff. 
Get free tips and tricks on almost anything at http://freetipsandtricks.com - make sure you scroll down the pages! 
@johncmayer hey when are you going to release your new stuff? 
@weitemeyer I regularly eat and make them without cheese; I was just wondering  Uhmmm, stuff :p
@MissDibbs oh it's very cute and just cause I *should* stop buying stuff like this doesn't mean I'm going to, I can't help myself 
591  got nothing 2 do so i'm fillin in a few tweets with random stuff 2 get to 600 #danceordie #danceordie #danceordie
@CMNHTN: haha. no, not yet! but well, you replied to my stuff once or twice, so i thought it'd be good manners to see what you're up to! 
@nicko786 that's funny stuff huh! 
@swaggercheckMDK really? i wish i knew where to begin, lemme know when you have your stuff out there i will support for sure 
@jarbees - I did  And very interesting stuff was presented...
@fightlinker hahaha nice  lots of cool useless things all around the worldwideweb!
@jemilygreger I did haha. did you make up what you just wrote down? It's pretty  and kinda sad. But i like sad stuff haha.
Exciting stuff in the first 2 of the last 10!  #nascar
Ugh... I'm so fool! Too much good stuff 
Just left my cousin elvins wedding  some cute stuff
@R0CKsW0RLd awh, well thanks! I'm hoping you'll feel the same about the new stuff too! 
its too early...kinda tired..have to pack my things n such stuff! // this night wuuhuuu 
packing a few stuff that needs a new owner  out with the old and in with the new
@digitalArtform I've had a couple of Germans - one I plonked and the other I kept because he posted some nice photography stuff. 
@mightyvanessa hey do you work at a shoe shop or something if you don't mind me asking? Seems like fun stuff 
any tricks with the mobile me stuff? #itsc09 think I need to wait til I am a little less exhausted, need to upload my podcast 
I just insttalled some new cool stuff  have fun)
@simultech - I'm cool to go through that stuff whenever you're ready 
I don't want to write this fucking stuff for school anymore. I'm going to finish it later 
is going to bed, leave me stuff 
@spoonerist yeah i was there  paaacked but good stuff. 
@myraluca it's..complicated  basically,accept the facts,instead of ignoring stuff.tell you later.
@shedfire I think something can be arranged  we have a whole bunch of cool stuff on the shell besides this, are you on the mainland
@CandaceHavens I'll let you borrow my exhibition catalogue.  It was cool to see this stuff--so old! But the crowds! And LOTS of standing.
@AngelaStockman be forewarned--the cafeteria is by the store that has kid stuff in it.  &amp;, if you want a coupla small &quot;green screens&quot;
Get free tips and tricks on almost anything at http://freetipsandtricks.com - make sure you scroll down the pages! 
@green_i_girl yay! It was fun  buy cute stuff!!!
Just had a look at the new stuff at electric blue 
@lionl I have, yes, I should check out more of her stuff. 
I will be giving away some promo codes and stuff supplied from @freeiphoneapps , so follow 
@bassyc pursue some hobby, listen to music, read, travel...etc etc..  I'm a lonely soul I do such stuff a lot..
@petercoffin oooh i will thanks, im always looking for stuff to make me laugh/think/dance 
@acorns_lamppost. No that's how I spell it too but janet is how it is on my birth certificate and stuff  don't worry
@sixthofdecember you don't have to say anything interesting! just say what you are doing or stuff.  but yum, chinese! sounds good to me 
@heritagesoftail It's from a can but I add stuff to it. 
@jonnyrockkills lol of course i'm going to ask him!  And yes i have filled the bin with my stuff 
@siriuslyhazzap for sure! I never get stuff in the mail so can I be excited WITH you? 
@derriebabes my calculator and stuff; its all pink ! 
@chrisdawson you win lots of stuff!  
Still had some bakeable stuff left - but now it's gone 
Chilling with boys after the game with some red snapper fish &amp; lots of beer &amp; stuff,the usual after game stuff 
@veganslovelava aw you're sweet! i actually find it hard to cram all my stuff in a 10x10 so always think it comes of looking ghetto. 
just got back from the mall...was buyin prom stuff and shiiiet   MUAH
@ahmednaguib Nothing new  same ole stuff different day )
got loads of work done this weekend - thought of some stuff, started some stuff and finished some other stuff ..this is really v. rare 
@jasonbelcher not actually social stuff.. church stuff.. good stuff tho  &lt;3support and connect group and preparing for friday night church
early zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz..............im sooo inspired  in life you cant let the small stuff get to ya!!
@JulieODTr but I couldnt think of anything for danny! SO I feel betetr knowing there's danny stuff in there 
@crystal311 its normal hahah i get Retweets al the time from random stuff haha 
@ajbriones i didn't realise you had a monome! cool stuff! 
@nautimonkey the best part of doubles (so far) is they make you eat more   good stuff.  i plowed through pushup land with the xtra wind
@KnightGrl yea I have joe's stuff too it's more slow stuff ballad-y.email is paulinasokoloski@gmail.com I'll hook u up! 
@TCBallew thank you  I found 10 dollars, a bunch of pictures of me little that im putting on myspace, and a bunch of candy!
@2117307 Wow i did have a good dinner. Thanks  I had minni spring rolls and potatoes, gooood stuff!
@TheOneandOnly13  all good stuff - I hope 
just finished some new stuff finally       
@keepingupwmom videogame development stuff 
Reading Russian politics and economy.. weird stuff 
@andyclemmensen  stuff the letters  cant wait for the clip, whens it out? if you know.
Get free tips and tricks on almost anything at http://freetipsandtricks.com - make sure you scroll down the pages! 
@iamkhayyam just teasing - cracking stuff 
too tired to do anything constructive so sat processing some photos from yesterday, buttercups and sparrows , exciting stuff! 
@createtomorrow was int to learn more bout U! wkg in germany fr states... liked what I saw, ur doing good stuff! &amp; u'll share when u can! 
@Maries I can't really tell you if it's hard or not because we haven't gotten into the syntax and stuff yet. I'll let you know though 
@tigeri6 (mixing social media..) what is with you and breaking stuff?? also, thanks 
is listening to stuff that we did on saturday... i like. really. there will be music 
@ncguk I got me self a 2 litre of the stuff in the fridge. It better not chuffing be! 
loving this tweeting stuff. 
@fabulousplaces was treated to lots of pampering and flowers and a meal and stuff was lovely 
@justajust im listening to hey young world right now  pretty good stuff. do you think kanye really is the new slick rick?
And then once rootkit detector was used to unhide stuff - the anti virus software found loads of stuff 
i'm supposed to do stuff for school, but reading last nights tweets is more interesting 
@EvitaUK new stuff is absolutely amazing guys and even more being written? That just makes my day 
Why do guys wedge trash in the garbage lid instead of packing down the trash or taking it out?  Is it petty that this bugs me? 
@MarianKemmer That's great stuff!! 
@RealMattLucas awesome stuff 
Get free tips and tricks on almost anything at http://freetipsandtricks.com - make sure you scroll down the pages! 
@emzi_x i like a bit of everything, itunes has every genre in it  but i like just the general stuff in the charts!
making lists of stuff i have to do when the rain stops 
@iwantyourjeep love you too sexual stuff 
wow the stuff you can find on youtube  ....and the stuff you can't 
@Sproffee I could try and help moderate if you have stuff you want to post. I mean, I'm sure it would be a temp fix, but I'm offering. 
@visitor9627 I'm  just okay. I'm trying to get a crap of stuff done so I can work on things I want to... if you know what I mean. 
aaw, the science stuff is so boring.. why should I know this?! I really don't care about any chemical reaction. 
I'll study my science stuff this evening.. it's too boring for now. 
just got home. not yet finished drinking my latte from starbucks.  still loads of stuff to do. de-twitter. 
senior skip day, wooo!  hanging out wiff my sissy and playing the wii and stuff! s my d.
@jnunemaker For some reason, I seem to remember a lot of stuff you blog about, compared to other blogs. No idea why 
@markkinsley yes good stuff from @garyvee as always 
@PaperCakes love their stuff and verry cheap, registered with etsy 
@_ishtahar_ excellent stuff! well done! 
HAIRCUT. styled it with got2b hairspray (it smells good) they sent me loads of free stuff  so i will link them. http://www.got2b.co.uk/
@sakurajewellery yeeeeeeee!! i can't wait   - good choice btw, we will have a spare room so you wont have to sleep on top of my stuff ;D
Amusing thing is, I got a second email immediately after, saying the other stuff had been shipped, but not the umbrella. 
@wahliaodotcom @lennel ahh...finally saw the pics.  good stuff ya #sgtweetup
@cosaverde oh, hee, i didn't know you were following my posts  am looking at baby stuff at your site-not enough! more baby stuff, please!
Feeling up for shopping. I need shoes but also other unnecessary but still necessary stuff  I have to check out Tweetpic also.
@Laurentiius yeah it's a type of beer, good stuff! 
@Gailporter excellent stuff and long may itfcontinue 
@urbanfly absolutely, am testing it for @stef so feed back stuff to him too 
gig and stuff it was a good move 
@princess_louise You need to be made aware of @gsightseeing and http://googlesightseeing.com/ - full of stuff like that 
@INTYCEYOU nice stuff, will be expecting that, keep working hard man, very soon you'll be sellin out stadiums 
@E_rocKsteadY Heyyy heyyy don't be reading my stuff lol jk. I'm actually not emo! yay for me  only sometimes lol
damn....some very big stuff in sight StepFree and a potential businesspartner 
woohoo! look at that folks! 1,001 updates! exciting stuff lmao 
haha i love these kids videos im glad i didnt have the internet when i was younger or i might of put this shit up too  http://bit.ly/ ...
checkin' out my stuff. 
@JDEbberly I'm glad you enjoy it  I write because I like it. It might sound cliche, but geek stuff is my passion.
@raqqers awwww get some sleep hun!  napping on the couch or something   You've got nice stuff on your ipod to listen to  &lt;3
okay, i seriously need a move on.. need to make baby cakes, stuff and more stuff, one busy friday night 
@wright_stuff  I cant believe you think its for twits!!!  Actually I have no idea as i only joined today - but I love your show!!
by the way, if you read my reviews can you tell me what you think, feedback is what i need right now, where i can improve and stuff 
ate a whole bunch of bananas...great stuff 
@Askwho you make it sound like i have loads ..i only have one so far haha  nice song though ..not my usual stuff ;)
#followfriday Also @PaulSinha for he is also much good with the funny stuff 
@raptureponies No, it usually means you aren't just watching a film, the seats are moving and you get splashed with water and stuff 
@algonquirnt u should read some of ohmyword 's stuff. Its my fluffy happy fics. 
@colossalblue good stuff as always  added my own suggestion
@briantsai haha....we're twins! staying up too late and buying stuff at b&amp;h! 
has plans put clothes away... list more stuff on etsy, and make more somethings for etsy...  http://plurk.com/p/vh7db
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5nw9a - oohhh look all the cute stuff fans give u!! 
@Drumclog I rigged up some stuff last night to go offshore, but I'll pack my flippin stick and a hollow belly too. 
@jamiedelaine It will work out - don't you worry... your stuff is incredible 
@aceywinters Oooh... *downloads* You're just full of good stuff this morning. 
downloading a bunch of disney things..  found a good site.
ergh, horrible day. got stuff done though, so it's all good 
@Kittymcfly it really is  and yupp he is! ermm no i didnt. stuff came up lol. did you? im off for a while anyway! tweet later  x
@DocLG Likin TweetLater.com so far   good stuff!  http://www.tweetlater.com check it out, I'm not even gettin' paid to say that! #MetaKong
@straightstreet U R welcome, you are just full of good stuff this mornin' 
@LizDanforth @GamerTraveler But some stuff is too involved for the 140 character discussions here. 
@threadless w00t! free stuff  followed!!! #followfriday
richard c. suggested we create a project/package called 'whereTheSunDontShine'  for when there is doubt where to put stuff 
@JenOwen nope--you gray out when you comment on his stuff (and have the generic avatar). No worries re me and @raowen -- he's all yours. 
@jenmcguireink she's amazing - always love seeing her stuff in the two peas stamping gallery. 
@ScottAndrew1 you think your hot stuff? 
@DannyBrown @drewmaniac @judithsthoughts hehe, I can assure you all the random stuff you hear from over here is me 
@delwilliams Because cheap stuff never wears out! 
@PinkStarMusic don't you know you're hot no matter what you wear?!  woof n stuff! xo
was all dedicated today and stuff, didnt take no shit 
@SoIceyBreeZ why not?...so u still put omg in texts and stuff? 
Just got done making videoa and stuff with natalie. hekka fun  hehe.
@bethharperwalsh you aaare adorable! you might like our stuff 
@mileycyrus cuz you keep partying hard  that good stuff
@JustJayde Lol well you can keep the melon, too cold for that stuff anyway 
I love that ruthann is my bestie and does stuff for me 
@LilLadyV08 N O T H I N. =/ But I do need to give his stuff baqk. 
@davidblaine You must do more underwater stuff! I prefer that the most 
@vsrsbsns - mmm love me some cpk.. do you eat salmon? i can't believe that's what you get there anyway!   it's wonderful stuff
@technclrninjoe no its cool we were going over some stuff..a girl at work might switch off with him he just wanted to know be4 he asked 
is tired of stuff. working 12-4 then out with sammy 
@martigold ahhh doesn't bother me... it means my stuff is actually being used 
Many of our team are already getting the new iPhone bug. Guys like rumors too and we all love phones and cool stuff right 
@TarynThomas I know it will be good stuff 
just picked out new apt. stuff yay swu  i mean...
@anaquita stuff the vitamens in glueten free brownies? 
finally finished my internship stuff 
@MindMeddlerEd ahh, the wink! good stuff! lol 
watching skate or dice on the berrics.com funny stuff 
Visiting my boyfriend, I really missed him!!!  He's such a nerd, has alot of video games and all that stuff, but I luv it! LOL! its cute!
@Emmybear Yay i love them modes  I find cleaning and deleting stuff all rather therapeutic
@makalita yeah it's growing on me the same way, i just freakin love the band  they can't seem to do anything but great stuff
@spbloom The question is what stuff you don't like to do can you sacrifice for stuff you really like to do? 
@jesssicababesss u mean... jasmine..? i havent seen any1 else promote stuff on that ukst just u 
It's a great day for getting stuff done 
i didn't get to get my anti histamines coz i spent all my money on other stuff. pretty stuff nonetheless 
And for the ones concerned I just stopping to draw banners and stuff. I'm not abandoning everyone for good 
@shaundiviney@shaunjumpnow whoa... disturbing stuff 
