Most common words for this cluster:
[('stupid', 316), ('funny', 90), ('scary', 78), ('today', 38), ('weird', 36), ('dumb', 35), ('day', 34), ('awful', 29), ('crappy', 27), ('work', 25), ('horrible', 24), ('weather', 24)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Stupid', 0.9238108992576599), (u'Dumb', 0.7334659695625305), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.7198619842529297), (u'Hate_Them', 0.7096353769302368), (u'Funny', 0.6987084150314331), (u'Pathetic', 0.6869600415229797), (u'Messed', 0.6855545043945312), (u'STEVEN_IVORY', 0.6821814775466919), (u'Silly', 0.6818834543228149), (u'Unfunny', 0.6808844804763794)]





Funny how the little things make me homesick, criminals breakn n2 a brownstone on LawNOrd CI made me misty 
Stupid bus was early  I missed it. Stupid thing  Then I missed the bus after that.  Finally got a bus, then missed my second :'( gutz.
Actually my phone was supposed to be on silent but it chose not to be  Dumb phone
Stupid schoool. Dnt wanna gooooo.  rah. Less than 3 more monthsssss. and3 more days till spreeng brake!   x__x
Oh snap, bars and #liquor stores aren't open on the statutory holidays during #Easter. Stupid retarded laws 
- Listening to the new Eminem track...Same formula as always - Funny track, serious Track, track about killing someone, the end. boring 
(@humanPincushion) Oh snap, bars and #liquor stores aren't open on the statutory holidays during #Easter. Stupid retarded laws 
I'm so upset with this phone  I hope it isn't broken for good. Stupid T-Mobile.
Stupid chick on the phone lied to me; you do need to be over 21 in order to go to Hooligans.    Maybe it's just after a certain hour l ...
Scary dream.    
Stupid back robbery in Vancouver is keeping our news cameras away.  #webraising
@Sockseii I know! Two weeks went by wayyy too fast!! Seeing mcfly a week today! Stupid exams coming up really fast 
Stupid female biology has me feeling really sick.  Played soccer with my dog a little, but I'm exhausted and in pain. Gah. T please?
Stupid caffine headache! I hate the addiction  Grrrr
Funny tasting A+B juice is not nice, especially when no one believes you. 
Stupid UMD A+PII prerequisite is messing up my summer!  
@allieK ahahahha i saw lol. &quot;I like my biscutis reallllllly hotttttt!&quot; Lmfao i hate you both, i fucking called him!  Assholes!
Awful cramp, cant sleep 
About to hit the hay. Dreadful day tomorrow! 
@januarycrimson I don't want to go to bed  I want to talk to you &amp; the other KBitches! Rawr. Stupid sleep calling me...!
@ingridmusic Enjoy your European summer tour. Stupid me found out about it too late, now &quot;my&quot; concert is already sold out  Next time!
@djever @faahz @mandofresko I don't care wat you say, but reading my mind about what 4 numbers I just wrote down is not koo at 2am. Scary 
@skulpa Awww!!!  Boooo!  Stupid rain.  Much rather watch the tourney...   At least have a nice cuppa joe or something?
looks SOOOO Weird now... i'm totally going back to my natural color.... 
Chemistry sucks!!!! Stupid review packets 
@almostheavenly I've got a cold or allergies thing going on too. Annoying dry cough. 
Sleepy. Stupid 'nother week of class 
@Drolgerg Awful isn't it! 
Crappy weather !! woke up to rain! but its boiling !! 
I spent about 20 minutes of my morning waiting for commuter trains to pass.  What a waist of time!  Stupid Mondays. 
Stuck in traffic on 96  Stupid construction! Shit. I'm gonna be late for work. 
So I'm using my old macbook in lieu of the macbook pro.  Funny thing: the command/option keys are swapped on my external keyboard. 
Moring Twitterfolk...Lousy weather 
just gave Joey a 2 minute, enthusiastic Spelling Pep Talk  to which he replied, &quot;Stupid spelling.&quot; 
Stupid Headache! 
Gutted @Haverholme can't make the murder mystery party anymore.  Stupid exam timetable!!!!!!  
Stupid MCV is doing a re-run of last week's Heroes 
@shoface ....I would have text you but I seem to have lost my phone somewhere in the past 20 or so hours  Idiot.
9 movies seen during the film festival, 8 to go! Funny how it always seems to be great weather during the festival 
OUCH! Knee is painful! Getting downstairs is a nightmare! Stupid cupboard draw!! 
Ew. Stupid mobile web twitter.  ANYWAY, I realized my coworkers are still working. Poor them.
Watching 1408. Scary film 
@elijahshaw http://twitpic.com/4dbxs - Scary!! 
Feels awful today!  so hung over! Funny night though! X
Never got to Scary Movie 4  fell asleep.
@TrafficMike Funny, I thought with a vista os I'd have more issues. I don't think I've ever had blue screen, but firefox doesn't like me 
Crappy day 
Tummy Hurts  Stupid Stress
@OneRadioVixen I have a confessiont I am addicted to......... Scary movies and had one too many shots  like diddy hungover ass last week
I wish i was at Bamboozle  Stupid Zoomies! !CSWS!
@xxroxxstarrxx but mom said I'm going to auditions anyway. Stupid that you have to have a note to go BACK to school with mono 
@JonathanRKnight Don't do it! Disgusting! 
Funny thing is sean made me cry? Serious talks arent cool. 
@JonathanRKnight Disgusting 
Stupid Car getting towed on Greenville....and stupid tow place not letting you pick your car up unless its between 6 30am and 10 30 pm 
You won't believe I almost had a road accident coming home from work today. Stupid OAP riding on his scooter across an unprotected road. 
Watching &quot;the shining&quot; for the first time. Scary 
Vertigo is awful today.  Stupid ears.
He wanted some cash so we had to look for a cash machine. walk miles, go back there is one right outside ground  Idiot!
Crappy weather..... 
Terrible sleep last night,had nightmares about zombies.  Horrible weather this morning. And four 5.45am rises this week.  Rubbish 
@3WildBoys @Cinecism Totally agree what a waste of time, Terrible movie 
ouch!!!! Stupid BF is beating me up! 
Stupid, nothing is like school now  Exams turned into a memory test more than anything.. well. atleast I explained everything required..
Stupid AP gov exam today. Um I'm guna fail cuz the teacher culdnt teach 
Soooooo tired!!!  Stupid traffic making me late = no red bull breakfast for me today 
Crappy weather today, and I still get sunburned 
@bethporter10 Yesss, how freaking annoying is it? Stupid YouTube... 
I've brushed off hanging out with you for years, now you are brushing me off. Funny how things work out. Karma is a bitch. 
@Deltadivarn I did but I don't know how to make it show up  I am Dumb right about now on this site
I was in a vietnamese communist war. Awful awful dream 
Anelkas goal was fantastic. Why do i always miss goals like that!!  Stupid revision. That's it, next year Sky sports.
Stupid PVR crashing 
Dear Dumb Dog, don't sleep @my feet &amp; then bite my toes when I move  They're da same feet u snuggled up 2 b4. Y 4 u bite me in ur sleepz? 
I feel like I have been gargling with acid and my nose is completely blocked. I hate sickness! Crappy thing is, I have an exam today! 
watched &quot;Catch.me.if.You.Can&quot; yesterday with my man, fabulous movie only missed the last 5 not recorded min hahaha Funny based true story 
Now 2 hours bwr  With the other Funny guy xD :-D
@Djalfy Icky icky poo!  Stupid #twitterfail. They're pissing people off like Facebook did recently, and will lose users over this. Watch!
@kels450 Grrrrrrrrrrr! I agree!  Stupid ticketmaster. Day didn't get off to best start! Come on Andy! A win would make the day!
wala pala akong sore throat...strep throat pala  Scary....
Got banned from internet   Bak now!  Stupid NAPLAN testing but all finished now!
Awful night with grandpa. I hate blood. 
... He came in the bathroom with me!  and he was like doing his hair and stuff. It was so strange. And we were talking and what not. Weird
Locked in the hallway at work. Stupid work building layout! 
is bored  and soaked. Stupid British weather &gt;
Sad I missed fireworks.  Call next time @demize95. Stupid internet was down. 
I'm in a odd mood, who should i listen to? Who can cure a Sad.Mad.Confuse.Pissed.Tired [mood] lol. maybe i should keep drinking 
Sad day...my hearts been broken again by my ex.  I thought he meant it this time.  It's been 7 years since our divorce.   Stupid me 
#3turnoffwords &quot;Scary Movie 5&quot; 
Stupid back. Bad night last night  *sighs* Bleh. Hopefully the painkillers will work soon...
I'd have to say that my strangest high school memory is when I accidentally barged in on a Klan meeting at the local pizza parlor.  Scary 
Crappy weather outside. And I was gonna go out today. Typical. 
Scary dream; Monsters came &amp; killed everyone I knew one by one! Scary!!!!! (you were all in it!)  ihate scary dreams.
I feel sick!!!  no!!!!! Curses!!! Stupid stomich!
Ugh, I hate earthquakes!!!!!  Scary.
5.0 earthquake, 15 sec ...  Scary 
Ugh. I am up but do noto want to be. Beautiful morning. Horrible day. 
Ugh. I am up but do not want to be. Beautiful morning. Horrible day. 
@Quiksand mid-day naps on a sleep-in, do nothing day ....... Not a good idea. Horrible horrible idea!!! 
Ow, ow, ouch! Horrible sinus headache right now...  waah... 
Stupid TweetDeck cocks up the format of Tweets 
Scary dream 
@joannageary Weird.  I hope it sorts itself out.
On lunch! Horrible wet day out 
School is gross. I'm tired. And I don't feel good. I wish I was sleeping right now. I don't feel like going! Ugh. Stupid school. 
My eye problem is the beginning of a sty. Horrible gooey, gluey eye cream is required 
Awful night of sleep. And poor ziv has jury duty this morn 
Off to work! Dumb septa always making me run late. No breakfast this am!  
NOOOO! Stupid school internet explorer crashed 30 seconds before the end of the auction and someone outbid me 
Dumb phone isn't working.  i need a new One.
Stupid FOX cancelled Terminator  http://tv.ign.com/articles/983/983839p1.html Boo!
@RahulG86 yeah, I tried to take the 856 one - if you miss that one, there's not another art bus until 926 - 30 minutes after. Ridiculous. 
Stupid SAFE mode on my Ibiza. Called the garage, they gave me the code, but its wrong 
is disliking the cta severely. Late for work NOT my fault! Stupid Mondays.....i was doing so good too!! 
Wow. I really do not like the FOX lineup for the fall. Major FAIL. Too bad about Terminator. Liked that one! 
Mayn i feel terrible atm, i dnt lyk being sick!! Stupid cold nz weather constantly raining 
I do not like my new vlog!!!  There are too many stupid technical difficulties. Stupid Windows Movie Maker....
@tommcfly Annoying innit, my tickets are for march aswell now, but it's on a monday, so i can't go anymore . Really wanna see him tho 
+32 on the front nine! Terrible start. I want my mummy 
Ugh, it is too early/cold to go driving. Silly daddy, tricks are for kids 
Weird things that can happen to you: You are hungry but dread the thought of dinner. 
@Kikirowr, it just makes me sad.  Sexist in both directions *and* &quot;interest-ist&quot;, if that makes sense.
Funny thing...in order to #dream, you kinda have to sleep! 
Crappy weather here. 
Stupid California government.   NO H8 = &lt;3
@OUBad Awful!  
Weird work schedule starts this week...three late days, but with early days in between ...argh, makes for some crazy sleep patterns... 
Ouchies, my thumb hurts. Nail split and broke too short and now it hurts. Stupid nail... you were growing so good too 
Woke up out of sound sleep to ice off my sock. Stupid new shoes. Stupid lack of bandaid. Fail, me. Fail.  Ow 
@LdyJedi I look them up so I can block the spammers, otherwise I just ignore, yeah. Silly LoudTwitter only allowing unlocked accounts. 
Aaaargh! Stupid cat is sleeping on my ankle. I have no foot! But when she stirs I will have only pins and needles. Grah! 
Grocery run at 11:45 pm. Stupid watching my back STILL after my brother was attacked a year ago.  F'n violent crime. *roving eye*
@myria101 Like he's an inmate! Disgusting and it breaks my heart 
@sharmaro84: hope you find your kitty soon! Scary 
I missed Harper's Island tonight  Stupid Global TV.
How can it be so freaking difficult to get a system-wide spellchecker? Shit, I'd settle for an office suite one. Stupid unhelpful Windows 
Scary lightning and thunder  I'm glad it's over now. Going to sleep, I hope I'm not late to school tomorow again. Haha
Augh, fever's gone up again. If I end up missing the WeHo clubbing tomorrow night, I am going to be pissed. Stupid boytoy gave me plague. 
Scary guy on colbert... 
I chilled in my room with my baby book missed my bro leavin  he really is cool had a stripper shirt on said I suppoort single moms! Funny
Stupid me, accidentally gave my honey the Atomic flavored buffalo wings and now his stomach feels just awful..... Im sorry baby 
@mublogger Weird, suddenly blogtalkradio is giving me a domain not found error.  I was just on it 5 minutes ago!  
After being down for several hours, finally my site is back online. Silly DNS setting mistake 
@laurenmichell Scary! 
Stupid red hair is too difficult on the upkeep. Re-dyed it a more manageable brown-red. Boo 
Frustrated with copying 13Gigs across USB 1.1.Stupid old servers 
someone WOULD give a speech about loved ones in the hospital. Stupid COMM class 
@xoxoJL whatever!! Stupid Aussies! 
wanna b marie antoinette, cos she had perfect hairdo, fab clothes, n tons of macarons.  Crappy day 
Stupid hand. Have A2 and flop nut low and top pair. But guy had also out low and out flush. Quartered.  at 5900.
@CSURyan I am surprised you haven't fired @StuckeyCSU for announcing the whole world of they body they'd found &quot;Selfish&quot; 
Plans were taking flight to go out tonight but they're now sinking in the Hudson since I have to work in he morning. Stupid bird strike. 
@alydenisof I guess someone tried it once and you go the mail then other folk did it cause your tweeted it.  Annoying but harmless 
@OperaDiva114  I do, but I'll have to wait until I get back to the dorms before I can access it. (Terrible internet here)
Stupid menstrual period, it just woke me up, because it started  Grrr, can't sleep anymore. Goodmorning by the way!
Stupid Benjamin Button making me cry.  So good.
@podeysmith uh, no, because I'm near Duncan. Must be an error. Stupid GPS. 
Aw, we cant get Foxtel til next year.  Stupid satellite
Why does the iPod touch think I'm in bay at louis? Why won't it detect my ACTUAL location? Stupid thing 
Just survived a near miss on the A1. Idiot pulled into my lane without any warning at high speed. Should have got his number. 
didn't get to watch Hannah Montana  Stupid me ! I thought it's 5:30 ! URGGGH ! ((
@Garf87 ROFL i was JUST about to post that  Stupid year to wait 
@totalfrog Oh, I'm on it! I can't wait. Stupid rednecks making me cry 
@johncmayer I should be in Japan right now. Stupid swine flu. I'm so jealous. 
@ImAMONSTER_x Really?! Weird! And I hope you're better soon.. 
Guitar practice, then possibly back to bed. I still don't have my internet back. Stupid storm 
Thinks boys are idiots 
I wish I'd get tweets on my phone. Stupid German twitter policies 
Funny... I see a relationship started on the day I had my hair cut... And is now ended on the day I had my hair cut again! 
Ongoing War inside the office fish tank ! Horrible cichlid fish demolished the tiger shark's tail fin !  had to shift the mean fish out !
I have THE most painful blister on my heel thanks to my sandals. Stupid shoes. Ended up walking home barefoot it hurt that much! 
Crappy traffic, it pisses me off  http://yfrog.com/11ng8j
Pens and Wings ... game one... TONIGHT! And I'm missing it!   Stupid work. C'mon Pens, we can do it!!!!!!
@XEROUZA oh  Funny how my brain just couldn't see that at all!
    awhhe man.... I'm completely useless rt now. Funny, all I can do is twitter. http://myloc.me/27HX
Awful mood time 
@weirdontop I didn't make any changes to my account.  Annoying.  And now it looks like my picture has disappeared.  
@TWCWeekends: Funny commercials for StormMasterG you guys are running now, but the http://weather.com/stormmasterg site isn't working. 
Dumb and dumber has just started on comedy central, but I must admit I forgot how crap it really was  I'm off to bed now, night
I ate chicken today. 1st time in 8 or 10 yrs. Stupid Botswana not having vegetarian foods &amp; forcing me to learn to eat meat again 
I officially hate camcorders. Stupid thing erased ALL of my video! Three hours of hard work... gone. 
So tired all of a sudden. Weird how tiredness just hits you like that 
Stupid Doan's, keeping me from concert  At least the hubby's having fun with NIN!
In traffic in Orange County. Stupid 5. 
My dog jumped out of truck at 35mph! Dumb dog! He's got road rash, gashes and limping, but no broken bones! Vet says he'll be fine! 
Bah. Stupid Detroit. Way to crap on my get well attempt 
Looks like twitter is getting DoSed.  Funny 
@KristinaDeFonte I'm so sorry, I just got home like 20 minutes ago. I really wanted to come and see you and Danielle. Stupid job. 
is watchn pushing daisies. You witty, strange, and adorable bastard. Why do you hav to be cancelled? Stupid ABC. 
@Afsoon Allergic to pineapple??? But its so good! That's like being allergic to cats  Terrible tragedy.
@tiffunnyfranco I will too!  its not going to be the same without her. Dumb kristen D:
I have a farmers tan   Stupid job! Never get a job as a cart pusher for wal-mart!!!!
Watching Terminator salvation now... Wif the cell group....  dun like it man!!! Stupid... - http://tweet.sg
Stupid Jack in the Box. I wanted a spicy chicken burger and they gave me a bacon ultimate cheeseburger. ugh I wanted spicy food 
Not happy having a stuck up old woman sat next to me on the coach! Annoying! 
Uh Barely slept last night, and woke about 4 times before giving up and getting up. Tired and nervous, stupid chemist. Stupid babies. 
Time to watch The Terminator in preparation for the new movie. Stupid NAS still doesn't work, so no Scrubs tonight 
Come on summer!  Also ow. Ow ow ow.  Stupid sunburn.  PS: Little mp3 player, I miss you!
Stupid LJ character limits. Need a good name for a travel blog under 15 chars, as it's not taking 'brokenyellowline' 
Awful stomach ache 
Urgh. I'm so bored now. Stupid parents lie!  x
@sophcorfan Scary stuff indeed. The thought of them being anywhere near in power makes me sick to my stomach. 
Man-o-man Im lost without my phone. I need my phone charger back. I had 3 at one point AND an extra battery. Left em in LA  ...Stupid me..
I try to see the earthlings movie but I just can't do it. I don't eat meat and I can't believe I use to. Horrible what is done to animals 
Hates feeling like this, darn cold 
@aaronfuller Stupid Girls was hilarious! And Slave 4 U was overrated to the max. Decent song, that's about it 
@Utopia76 Shada my loveeeeee!! I don't want you to leaveeeeee.  But know you have to. Stupid time zones. ILOVEYOU!!&lt;3
@nilvento I wish it was alcohal induced, but it's work related. Idiot baristas do not respect my authoritah  #savetheunusuals
Hungry + Horrible cravingssss 
@shadysidefarm Terrible! 
Stupid headache  Go away!
I'm the 2nd google result for the word 'skjelett' :| @superrdouche when you type in 'lorraine skjelett' your page is the 2nd link! Scary 
I'm out from under the bed now,  Scary noisey and wet storm out side with flashes is over. I hates loud booms 
Dumb DTA box. I want my cable back. 
@Venica so down if I can get my ass to town square. Stupid Kyle Doesn't wanna watch Up 
Stupid computer ! Sorry  hoopless 
Man Last night Sucked bad! I was up half the night! Stupid stuff kept waking me up!  4 more days &amp; the kids will be on summer Break!!!!
@stokegriff Scary  I don't like flying. This reminds me why.
wish I'd bought a ticket to go see Cesar  Stupid body of mine, wont let me go or do anything anymore...grrrr
@barryhutchison I got some yesterday but blocked them.  They're like nasty bugs - scuttle in everywhere. Annoying and boring  
@SpeaV I know! Just when I finally get a chance to use it *L*. Silly FA 
&gt;turn Terrible 2... she's throwing the most atrocious Tantrums.. I can't wait to get out the house!!! 
blames Stephenie Meyer for making girls have unrealistic expectations in men that will never be met... Stupid shiny Volvo owner!  
Stupid non drivers. Tiny car accident  make it better please
@mfhorne Dreadful news   All thoughts are with the family and friends involved x x
pissed. Stupid MSN! 
Ugghh...Stupid Tv on the blink...westinghouse tech supports sucks 
@askseesmic Dumb blond here... I'm not finding the favourite anywhere. 
@RuthanneReid Awful. I think of the relatives waiting for news and how they must be hoping/dreading 
@Mia Obnoxious drug dealing neighbors in my nice neighborhood! Stupid relatives bought them the house, so no foreclosure  #fuckeries
completely tuning out of teh interwebs...Stupid IGN coverage keeps freezing and I don't know where else to watch it 
Sending a prayer for comfort for all waiting for news of loved ones aboard the flight.  Horrible nightmare 
Stupid People And Their Stupid Idea Of Breaking Or Getting Rid OfTheir Stupid Phones 
Stupid AR, you have to bring down my 4.0 
Dumb ass freshman just killed britney for me    
Ugh. HATE the dentist. Stupid numb cheek/jaw won't be eating dinner for a while. 
Scary nude model today  i am worried
@sorcha_o_c It's for work  Scary first ever presentation!
Weird... someone tried to change my twitter password. 
Damnn it wont let me upload a profile pic! Stupid site! Grrrr 
Stupid Homework. And it's already 10:10 PM here... 
Stupid ELAC.  , stupid day.
 did you guys hear about the airplane crash? Scary.
Stupid JetLag. I've been sleepy all day and now it's 1:00 am and I can't sleep 
@scedenomsw Insane how a plane can just fall out of the sky...so sad! 
Stupid Russ isnt coming back to chat with me  and where the hell is Crypticdoc?!?!
Stupid G-Code didn't work, so I got like ten minutes of Good News Week and missed the end of Supernatural 
Scary bug is back. 
@_JMichael_ I'm bored, that's why. Pathetic isn't it? 
Crappy day. Ranted over nothing. Also, now carrying support phone -- this means I'm  on support this weekend 
@mr_billiam She is gone to watch TV.  Funny you goes are gone when i get on Tweeter. 
Scary storm woke me up 
Argh! Stupid fricking Bell. No intertubes at home and a cell phone is not the same as a desktop LCD for email &amp; surfing. 
@giantlawnmower Annoying 
I hate when friends pik the movie... Horrible... I wanted to c drag me to hell... 
@140horror i wanna watch Funny Games!!! it got banned in thailand...suck 
Ran out of sun in the garden  Stupid East-facing grassy bit. Doth TS2 beckon? Why... yes, yes it does. #fb
@guide2pc Awful, awful sad story.  
@DPrince2124 @DPrince2124 aww that ones kinda sad  but the truth. Weird
Ew my hair is thinning. I wanted to dye my hair this month too  Stupid Lupus
damn i've been havin some bad (but quick) Nightmares =/ How Scary! i dont like it 
Scary ass lightening and thunder...can't sleep 
Stupid 2AM storms woke me up  practically dead. exams / packing / updating music / packing / packing. last full day in Maryland!
Stupid Swine flu virus reaached my campus!! RAWR.  one week no school??!! this is sooo not good news for trimester students. :|
Damn. Missed #Chaser tonight.  Stupid State of Origin football.  Last season, too.  Didn't want to miss any.  
@jennpozner &quot;#Playboy art.: 10 conservative women they'd like2 'hate f**k' &quot; -- if it looks like rape and sounds like rape... Pathetic.  
Scary owl bird creature sounds like a wounded kitten outside my room. 
Ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!! School,time to say goodbye's  Not goin to therapy today UGH! Stupid home life! Love Presley &amp; Ashton!!!!!!
Crappy internet connection interferes with vids  Buffering...
In science, new laptops. These are tiny and i cant type! Ugly things.... 
@TizzySizzleberg OK, well there be a tube strike next thursday  So we need a back up plan to get to Heathrow.  Stupid TFL 
Awful storm last night, hope my garden pulls through 
Nooooo, I can only vote in Nijmegen! Crap! Stupid rules. My vote gets lost then 
@MeliMillz lolss super Annoying she's alwaise scared when it rains. 
Is Spill.com having website problems again?  Stupid Ning.
One year ago today I was getting ready to head to the hospital for my 10am surgery  Funny but it doesnt feel like its been a yr!!
I missed the showing of &quot;No Dumb Questions&quot; yesterday. 
Stupid German. Studying my test for tomorrow, it's quite a lot! 
I really really wish I could be listening to Electric feel right now! Stupid work not lettiing me listen to music! 
@Abbey411 I miss you too  I'm so bummed I'm missing you this weekend. Stupid moving. But also? YEY!!! for moving.
Stupid bloody blackberry!!!! Wish I had an Iphone instead!!! 
Have to submit my Shapiro blog 3 - how annoying.. that means I have to re-type it again. Stupid Blackboard. 
@closer2fine Okay, that was an old text. Stupid twitter. But what I saw of the show, she did not. 
Crappy weather a crabby person maketh. 
FUUUUCK!!!! DAMN IT!  Stupid act of the day: I left my purse at the cafe where I had coffee.  Running back to see if it's still there.
Seem to be making fast time back tonight. Past dundee about 15mins ago. Tired and hungry. Stupid me didn't get dinner before getting on 
@BeaWise  Stupid work. I say you rebel. Wait, that'd be bad. Nevermind! *innocent look*
I keep making up random bits of songs, but I don't have any ideas for a full song  Annoying, because I can't stop picking the guitar up xD
It's almost the end of spring, and in Alberta they say it might SNOW tonight or today  Stupid weather
@Emydot Wow!! Soo cool! I def want to hear alll about that experience! Although I've hardly seen anything this year  Stupid ticket prices.
Laying on the couch. I shoudve known I would lose!  BLEHHH! Stupid stupid Jamie.
Poo, I hurt mama's feelings.  Stupid scheduling conflicts.  Not sure WTH to do now.
I hate MegaVideo  Stupid time limits
@heruela020 What do you think am I? Dumb? Duh. I know what KAWAII means. 
Awful two levels. 14k, very short, runnin very very bad.  I really hope it turns around!!!! 90 left, 24 pay
It sucks that I can't play on the Xbox for the next few weeks  Stupid Red-ring of death!
(  Scary boys on the lightrail are smiling and taking pictures of me! 
There are 456976 4-letter domains. After a quick random sampling, I'm confident that all of them are either taken or squatted. Depressing 
@lucylumcfly NO  stupid ww2 knowledge is taking over! All I can think os is some dude buying a sandwich and then shooting! Pointless! x x
@BuzzEdition Weirdest thing - I see all your @ mentions but not your tweets in search 
Stupid auto sliding door to my windstar didn't shut properly. Now my battery is dead. The door always works fine @ Friendly Ford. GRRR 
Stupid buggy Ustream 
Stupid Kabuki won't let me drink during Up 
@beckie0 thanks for watching my video, even though it was absolute crap lol. I couldn't sing at 9:00 in the morning.. Crappy web cam 
Damnnn , hittin thee sheetsz . Horrible night 
At the fez. Not sure why. It feels like we are at the high school dance and everyone is wallflowers. Funny. Reminds me of my high school 
@Marcialovespink Tell your mom that it's safer to say here.  Stupid flu.
I hate work this month.  Messed up my schedule sooo much!!
Weird night. I want that sno cone 
Looking through my brothers last year book. Weird that he is done and attending my cwu in the fall. I'm a little sad 
Dumb twitter sdill wont lemme upload a picture  oh wellz wots evryone duing?
My back is starting up again  damnit! Don't start!! I need to work &amp; make money &amp; don't want 2 be in pain again! Stupid Death Day of Mom's
Stupid graduation  *L!nd@*&lt;3*Cr@!g*
i'm awake. Scary dreams 
Stupid fridge. It's f-ked up. And today of all days.  Epic fail! 
Funny how I've still haven't seen Angels &amp; Demons till now. I've wanted to see it the moment the 1st trailer came out. 
Funny how I still haven't seen Angels &amp; Demons till now. I've wanted to see it the moment the 1st trailer came out. 
Hmm i hate @barbsrad a little today since she got her tattoo and now I REALLY wanna get the swallows on each of my arm  Stupid being poor!
Funny how I still haven't seen Angels &amp; Demons... I've wanted to see it the moment the 1st trailer came out. 
Stupid toner cartridge. Replaced it, and it now prints almost all black pages. 
Oh my gosh. Awful news of fire in nursery in Mexico. Nightmare  http://is.gd/Qlkf
Just watched slumdog millionaire - it's a great film! Horrible to see how some people live  x
Stupid cable operator forgot which channel I asked to activate. I can't watch India's match today 
Sore after skating, as usual. Stupid knees. 
is fixing her Sony reader.   Stupid electronic books.
am seriously scared now by this thunder and lightening - the house just shook. Scary man 
Also mad because the insurance isn't paying for our lodging and food anymore. Stupid liars.  Dad is pissed.
@superdeluxxx He has a point, what are you meant to do with the hat? Awful lot of pineapple goes to waste by virtue of being inedible 
Funny how I get ideas for writing when I'm not able to sit down and write. 
Somebody left their phone in my room &amp; it's battery is dying, but I can't find it. It's driving me mad. Stupid annoying Nokia noise. 
opted NOT to write and draw instead only to discover there isn't anything worth drawing at the moment. Stupid Phipps Plaza customers 
Sad I'm never there  lol. Stupid trips.
K peeps latest twhore to get twitterdrunk is @onebreath. Dumb twitter is making her sit in a corner. 
Bummed I couldn't get #Olympic tix for the figure skating.  Stupid virtual waiting room.
taking a break from painting my studio... almost got shocked by 120v while taking off a light switch cover! Scary! 
@Mulder_Cat radiated a big batch of food and hurt all kinds of kittys    Stupid govt.
Yay, I'm in Texas.  Stupid train eventually made me sick, though.  I've spent most of the day sleeping and barfing. 
Blech. Page 60 of 94.  Stupid manual I'll be paid for reading. Also: only 8 more hours of bagging! joooooooooy.
@juniperus Funny enough, I never watched Dr Who. I don't know why... 
@MichaelinMI It really sucks you even have to consider that   Stupid Granholm!
Made an apple-peach-strawberry smoothie, thanks to Val! Stupid supermarket was out of bananas 
Arg! Stupid pepsi rush. 
can't sleep. Weird cuz I usually fall asleep so easily 
Aaah I can't sleep and I have to work 12 hours tomorrow... Stupid energy drink 
Dumb capital    looks likee im not going.
Scary dream 
@cableandcarolin it had spun some web in the shower, which I then stepped into  Horrible
@Irishcreamy Hes awesome. Stupid Chris  )
@Bekei87 I can't sorry  Kinda stuck at home. Stupid rents.
@bedazzleddiva i'm still so sad i can't make Jones Beach &amp; Jersey.  Makes me wanna cry. Stupid boss!
Home from skeg. Terrible weather  got life skills to do 
Stupid Antartica Project 
Awful pain in my lower back this morning  at least I've got nothing to do today
Just woke up.. Crappy weather 
Dumb lawn guys cut the phone line, now i dont have internet 
Crappy day is crappy. 
Just had the worst sleep ever because of the cold. Awful timing with an exam today. 
The right side of my face is sore  From my forehead to my eye to u ear to my chin. Weird...
@murraygold Terrible electoral news though. 
Funny turkey, very funny,  long runs the fox
Worst Invention of the day... Spider Missles  
I seriously resent being British. Crappy country 
hates retail sometimes. Srsly.  Dumb customers.
@prIVY3 lol. Silly. I wanna go back to ny..I'm sooo bored here 
@iammenina Maybe. ) Weird. I don't want to go to school yet! I won't get to tweet that much anymore  )
Why are my twitter updates not showing up in my blog? Silly twitter tools plugin 
Going to my older brother and sisters softball game Tonight. I wish I could play. Stupid adults! 
Scary surf today - massive dumpers then iddy biddy waves - weird sets today 
just got mad at the dog. Sadly.  Stupid dog destroyed the sleeping bag.
I'm having bizarre chest pains...really uncomfortable  Weird...
@income_goals Funny, I just received the same news. 
Haven`t been twitting much, have a really bad ear-infection; nasty things are  pouring out of it. Disgusting...and very painful...  
Stupid god damn ipod! Add the f*ing thing in, I'm not happy 
super pissed that another tooth broke!! Stupid damn chemo RUINED my teeth  I guess it could be worse, but I hate the dentist... yuck 
Crappy weather is now getting to me 
@BrownTink It's so hard, because NO ONE will compare to the one she has now. Stupid state dropped Kaiser 
Scottish rain!! Dreadful! 
@WeeLaura yeah, I saw that. Awful. 
ok my bad. APPLE and blackcurrent. I only managed a glass. Stupid apple edition 
My neck got eaten up by bugs. Now I have red itchy bumps all over  Crappy day indeed.
@ItsBashy LOL! Very Big Video !!! I rate her!! But he musta done her REAL REAL Bad!!! 
Consumer Behaviour Sucks!! 
Stupid contractors screwed us all over.    If I ever see them again, I'm-a punch them in the face!
#tears Still errors with this god-forsaken Fix-it lesson we adopted from another division. Terrible work. 
Sent a newsletter to subscribers and made a mistake in one link. Stupid  Ashamed
@maura15 I feel like I don't even work at sprinks anymore.  !!! Weird
A lady with intense chest pains was taken out on a stretcher at my work... Scary stuff. 
You know the problem with Cracked.com? Every awesome list you read links to three more awesome lists to read. Stupid infinite loop... 
@jamieluvsjordan NO  for some reason I can't get picture text right now.  Stupid AT&amp;T!!
@angelablanchard yeah  i hate being so young sometimes. Annoying!
Bah. Stupid camera saturates me too much  Looking for stronger lights! xD
Funny how someone says they liked you and they ignore you so easily now 
@SlayLawson What homeless man you know that wears sandals? {Terrible analogy!} You treat me like my roommate! 
@Wizz_Dumb word? That's wats up@iBeCheirsh won't let me n her studio  she jsut wants 2 stifle my creativity.
@AngMoGirl Lesser of the two evils. Funny, though, I don't get that kind of privilege from my boss. 
@alterune Weird  *pokes at it with a stick*
still wished she had met Quest Crew.  Stupid Purgatory.
still wished I had met Quest crew. Stupid Purgatory. 
iPhone in for repair  Weird problem where could not hear anyone on calls. And just before firmware 3.0 is out too!
@__EGOmaniac__ @triiiciaf  I know right! Stupid! :| i wish they just do it like GS teacher will just give us  the notes! :| 
Scary storm. 
me &amp; my bud havin sleep ova in tent wooo Scary 
Dumb, they're just like her 
Stupid Vista...why can't you just get along with everybody else! 
My Audi is so F'N dirty! Stupid wheather not letting me wash her 
@TrueVisionDubbz 82?! Lol I have like 20. Pathetic I know. A lot of my friends have iphones tho 
Mediocre spell again on the old poker. Stupid Physics ruined my good run 
Out of exam. Awful awful awful 
@yedennek I wish you could come with us  Stupid Ipswich.
@apallo28 I seriously started crying when I watched the footage  Stupid DEC.
hmmm. Stupid Opera Mini didn't update my status  is also having a boy! (with @notontwitterLisa)
Awful dream that u had a brain tumor now woke with an awful headache 
Evryting is going wr0ng! Horrible night out!  - http://tweet.sg
Scary dream last night 
Stupid menu at Jersey Mikes. Everything looks the same and I always order one thing, thinking its something else. 
@Grace_Wasteland I want to sleep but can't.  Stupid coffee...
Weird my phone lets me send updates to twitter but it wont send updates from people I am following to my phone 
Stupid website hacking my twitter below, i does NOT get you followers! Clicked on a link that was a bit virusyy! 
@Jen_Flow I am   Stupid hotel doesn't have CMT
@jkgirl1014 Weird for me too! 
Stupid ATM machine, munched on my card. 
@priscx 3 exams in a row. Awful, right 
Horrible day!!! I hate my job : Horrible day!!! I hate my job  http://tinyurl.com/ncrgyr
swine flu in nz Scary 
@mschoenu Same here. Amazing how they can make them sound so somber, isn't it? 
Positive: Understood all questions in exam woo! Negative: Stupid wrist seized up  BUT I think I passed which is tops.
Woken up by storms. Wish I was not a light sleeper! Sneezing and coughing has also caused nose to bleed. Stupid blood thinners. 
I wished, I can tell you, how much I missed you lah. Dumb. 
I feel ... Weird.  shoot.
Really wants to go see @tommcfly @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry @mcflymusic in killarney  Stupid Holidays!!!
Crappy weather rain rain and more rain.......wonder if i suffer from seasonal disorder kus i feel crappy 2???......... 
@mistajam  feeling left out  Jokes ;-)
Yay house is spotless! Now need to figure out why I can't download Flash Player when it says it has. Stupid technology. 
Awful headache today 
Still no xray results  how hard is to look at a picture n write a wee comment on it? Stupid NHS!
Stupid local CVS didn't have the latest People Mag 
20 minute estimate for download. Stupid conference WiFi. And that's the private network in the Judging room.  (Spoiled, ain't I?)
Scary dream 
Stupid iTunes won't let me update 
I really wanted to touch Claire. Stupid glass in the way  Tricked her into wearing my jizzy goggles though. YAY!
Stupid AGM briefing materials. This is more work than I had expected 
Stupid rain, stupid Florida. Mikey's gotta go to TN for a few days tomorrow to pick up a car. Sigh. 
Weird things have been going on with my mac lately, I don't like it 
Gig and venue excellent, having to leave early less so. Stupid last train to canterbury meant doing a runner at 11 
@aarkid_chris Terrible. One of those days when you never should have gotten out of bed.   I'll surviive though. And yourself?
@dveezy87  so if you see him live you'll always imagine him rollin around in a wheelchair? Awful lol
Awful, awful day  hope it gets better
iPhone version 3.0 is the best thing since sliced bread!!! Stupid AT&amp;T won't let us send pics til later this summer tho... 
@matthewkheafy I most definitely would if I lived there. Stupid Ireland being so far away  http://bit.ly/ddMCU
@matthewkheafy I most definitely would if I lived there. Stupid Ireland being so far away  http://bit.ly/ddMCU
Was going to stay here and rinse hair but I think I'll drive home and do it, then redownload 3.0..Stupid iTunes! 99% and it disappeared?! 
@denissahady yeahhhhh, and they kinda laugh and stared at me when I'm asleep. Annoying! 
@treesick ugh, I hate u a little now. Awful movie. 
In a lot of pain from walking around for hours and hours. Every part of my body hurts. Stupid hills. 
anyone remember the name of that older cartoon &quot;The Wonderful World of (something) Scary &quot;. it annoys me when i cant remember things  
Hopes people will make the right decision. They seem to forget that their choices effect everyone in their lives. Selfish people 
Stupid Firefox messing up my pretty page 
Just woke up  hmph. Horrible sleepn habits..
@mcspacebar Hopefully it's fixed. Weird bugs 
Moaning aout how much I whine. Whining about how much I moan. I'm a grumpy guts today 
Moaning about how much I whine. Whining about how much I moan. I'm a grumpy guts today 
Wow. Scary shit last night. I don't remember anything. 
Going 2 go curl my hair, and my bdays next weds I think lol n imma b stranded car n shop  Horrible i think
Funny how ppl we sometimes love so much can cause so much chaos. That's when u know it's time to let them go...Fam or long time friend 
Stupid Lightroom. How come my fonts are working? I can't change the 'face' of my font so the font I typically use doesn't work 
 bummed to be missing bb Kris's comcast chat. Stupid responsibilities.
blah situation here is not good. Scary. I hope war ends soon 
Watching Scary Movie, still very tired 
@MammaSteph Indeed!! Stupid garbage  why can't it be something like donuts or roses or male models left in heaps along the streets?!!
AH! Scary weather..  The lightning keeps flashing, and filling up my whole window with light... :'(
Stupid Dalia locked me out of the house.  but im in now 
We tried 8 different cars and shot 6 of them. No time to waste! Crappy rainy wheater though... 
@thehaus Sorry about your car!  Stupid screws. 
@jestebanc Weird. I don't think so. 
@adammonkman Sadly our planned bike ride is not going to happen  Silly rain.
@louisvuitton_us http://twitpic.com/7qyql - Weird hat, though.. 
Shoot.  I missed the LCROSS/LRO launch. Stupid delay! Stupid work! 
iss in a ( blah blah ) mood &amp;; + starvinq like shitt .  uqhhh . . anyways .  @2Greedy where you at ; i miss you .
Shoulder still hurts. Knee better. Wrist a little sore. Stupid ditch. Stupid gravity. 
I'm not digging the new theme music for season 8 of Charmed. Stupid license expiring. It's not the same 
today sucked. tomorrow probably won't be any better :/ whatever. Idiot. 
Awful run tonight.  The heat is getting to me 
So full.. But I feel I didn't eat as much today! Weird 
I have been thinking maybe it's time. Scary but I think that I'm getting closer to what I want to see happen. I hope I find the strenghth 
It is so weird and sad to fall asleep without Paisley on my bed  Stupid storm :'(
My treadmill kept static-shocking me  I even got a little shock in my ear when i was plugged into the audio for the tv!  Scary.
Waiting at norwalk station till 1050, SHIT! Scary 
NOT liking the storm.Scary 
gawd...I think I borked my router...  Stupid Verizon router gui. Grrrr.
Scary thunderstorm 
My lower back, ass &amp; right upper leg is all tingly. Stupid compressed nerves. Ow. 
Ugh! Stupid delicious blue popcicle martini did me in! Manda wants her scrambled eggs &amp; bacon now...  
Stupid me and stupid LJ communities.  Why do i do this to myself.
Scary movie...at night...alone...not good  where are you when I need you?
Typing *ow* with RSI *ouch* isnt much *ooooh* fun. Stupid tendon i *gaaah* hurt a month *groan* back. I think drs need another visit. 
I just randomly started feeling...odd? Weird, lol. 
Scary loud thunder outside... Hard to sleep 
Funny how one person could make you so frustated 
SOOO close to piercing my nose tonight. Had the needle through and everything! Stupid nose stud 
Stupid LA Times.  Not only was &quot;The Girls' Guide to Comic-Con&quot; patronising from its inception, they spoiled the end of Serenity 
It's appalling how YouTube has suspended accounts for ambiguous, arbitrary rules. I am sick of it. Latest victim: The Amazing Atheist. 
@antzpantz yes, yes it does. Crappy synth piano beginning and en with some standardish bloc party in the middle 
Funny donna &amp; no i didn't, so bored &amp; my eyes r blury so its hard 2 read im sick  dont get sick often so when i do its real bad ily all xo
Off for a haircut. Scary stuff 
Crappy day so far. Not gonna get better 
I am up WAY too early  Stupid math review! xxx
Wayyyyy too early to be up!!! Stupid new iPhones! 
Stupid rain messed up my Golfing trip 
@Constance13 I'm on the Midol regimen this week. Stupid, stupid girl stuff needs to go bye-bye so I can be a normal human being again. 
Scary thunderstorm in the middle of the night.  It woke me up and then all the power in our hotel went out. Scary!
BBQ in the cold tonight.  Stupid parents
@vval the kitten one is my favorite, hehe! And I didn't buy any at the 5$ sale! I forgot.  Which one did you get again? (Stupid memory!)
Funny having a salad at a wawa listening to 104.5 and i'm not in Philly  those were good days...
About to watch drag me to hell. Scary 
AHHHH Stupid tweets arent bein sent to my phone 
@PhillyGirl528 it shouldn't have broke in the first place! Stupid Microsoft. They can't make crap without it being junk quality  I miss it
My dog just had a seizure and I witnessed it. Scary scary scary. 
@boycottlovee I hate that I can't fit in skinny jeans.  I have to get super skinny. Dumb tiny legs...
Stupid tech scanned the wrong area and now I have to reschedule! FUCK! More waiting. 
@ItsBrookeRyan I had all my bdays there and my wedding rehearsal dinner  I was very sad when they closed! Dumb ol economy!!!!
Dumb ass neighbors reported our jetskies and we got a case on our ases. 
Scary storm hanging in the basement 
@icanlearntolove @sarah_jean  have fun with Scary this weekend.... I wish I could join u guys  xoxo
I so wish I could go to Comic Con.  Stupid UK.
Recital rehearsal. Stupid thing is slowing down 
I used to moderate a popular teen message board. Scary lures being used out there.  #theonlinemom
Just saw year one. Terrible. 
Crappy crap weather today 
Grace can't walk... Her hips are in pain like an old person... Stupid 3 miles! 
Crappy day for my blog.... all the visits have been from a review I did a million years ago... Terrible 
Grrrrr....stupid dogs. Stupid not being house broken. 
@mikelombardo Watching the webcast. Awesome so far. \o/ Yay Dr. Horrible! Stupid work making me miss it. 
@youngserv718 yesss bam bam it was hellaaa Scary..  n no I cant sleep w/o u n my arms...  nite nite bam bam
@lennel tried. Weird it doesn't work. 
I swear I have heartburn like hell, it's disgusting  I ate too much this morning... Weird!!!
...  I fell asleep at 8 something. Missed all my calls//all tonight's fun. Horrible.
@xgfan Scary-still shaking.Told 'rents abt goin away4 my bday, mum randomly asked me if its abt my sexuality, asked if I'm gay...need hug 
Grrrrr. Hope everyone is enjoying their sleep. Stupid 8am meeting 
STOP raining, my sheets need to dry! Stupid weather 
First date after Baby Max's arrival foiled. Stupid shingles. 
Stupid sky it missed out the last 10 minutes of PPP  youtube maybe? Haha
@kayels Hubs also saw a forecast that said cooler  Stupid British weather!
@FireLioness  Terrible.
@daverosin  That sucks! Going to Belleville hope you guys can borrow some stuff.. was only going to see you&lt;3 Stupid van stealers!
Stupid jubillee line isn't working from bond street station  shoes are cutting into feet and they're KILLING me!! 
@stoopidgerl  awe... poor girl  Ugly day?
@HannahRobertson  Don't cry Han.. he's not worth it!!!!!!!!!! Stupid stupid stupid man..  grrrrrrrrr
Awful weekend weather 
isn't feeling the greatest today   Stupid Summer Colds!
Stupid diet.     Takes one person to ruin it and it's always the same one. I don't mean me. I hope it's just a hipcup.
@Boxhead stupid laws    Stupid screaming/chattering critters.
Why are @bhish and @nathanielny think I'm with them? Assholes 
Its such a beautiful day to be melted away an Chicago's hot hot heat.  Stupid AC isn't working. I am doomed!
@eeUS Funny you mention that - we dropped her off and realized she left $$ and cell at home 50 mi. away. Not a good start! 
cydia's dying on me  . Annoying since it's finished jailbreaking... 
Me+Lazy-ness/Crappy+Being forced to go to a carshow= 
Dumbest day of my life.. Also, internets down so tweeting is limited for a bit  holla me thooough
@sonataozona Awww.  Stupid stop and shop. Be well...
I have the biggest bruise under my toenail. Ew  it hurts so badddd. Stupid shoes.
@Itxi_Itx Stupid cold ... I'm a veggie so can't be swine flu lol .. Iwi my son had one.. Inevitable really 
Crappy weather today... don't like it. 
Stupid Amercian's on Radio Disney going to JB's concert 
Stupid crowded Streets of Tanaborne. Finally got a spot. Now wish I had an umbrella.  
Kinda Pissed that Madea goes to jail wasn't as Funny as I thought it was gonna be   Good story line though
Unfortunately, we had to bail when they headed to Cosmo/Lava. Stupid money and being responsible.  Someday, I'll have a real job. 
:O the TUF final was tonight and I missed it  now in a ufc mood damn it. Stupid plane journey!
Stupid Urgent Care is closed!!! Gotta go to Emergency 
Dumb flickr won't let me upload my Niley pix! 
I hate the Wagga cinema! It is gay! Stupid cinema removing that movie from the website therefore crushing all my dreams of seeing it!! 
Wow, airline bike fees have gotten outrageous! I just paid $175 to check my bike box on my $160 one-way flight!    Ridiculous.
Urgh! Stupid phone! Wont let me access my twitter.  can only send updates, not read others. Blah!
Stupid dorm! Walang cable! Won't be able to watch Wimbledon. 
Grrrrr... Stupid virus!!! I got fooled by the site! Gaaaaaah! I need to remove this worm right away!!! 
@Wizz_Dumb hey you, I see u don't convers with me anymore!!!!! Ugh! Fine be that way! 
@Hannanar Annoying right  I have them like hereeee - and mum was like you can't go - work experience fffffffs xD I'm so gutted!
I wish I could watch the BBC F1 feed  Stupid ad breaks
@vampirepernille I haven't solved it  It simply won't work! And that'z stupid. Stupid MSN-thing! 
not enough sleeeep  apparently there were 30,000 people at the solstice. Ridiculous.
Awful dream. 
Dumb ass negros took my effin bike!! Wtf!! 
Stupid Phone Cant Access Net. 
@fauxchet sooo sad I missed you! Dumb work 
My poor Perez  I love that guy for speaking his mind, providing me with daily reading, &amp; drawing lil penis faces. Stupid thugs
Ugh, my jaw is still effed up! Stupid thing. Owie 
@shelton_wes Weird! 
Stupid &quot;Which NKOTB would marry you ?&quot; quiz is blocked 
Scary eye doctors appointment 
I still haven't put the songs on my ipod. I don't know how. Stupid itunes! Aren't I supposed to sync them? Cause it won't let me sync. 
My kitty always eats my dinner  hot dogs Are Not for Kitties! Ridiculous.
Stupid WP-&gt;twitter app doesn't work.  From the Writersphere 6.0 Post: http://www.jodilee.ca/
I don't feel really well. Awful morning 
It's so unfair  everyone has a profile picture and i don't, Stupid TweetDeck 
Stuck inside on this beautiful day.  Stupid surgery 
@SunnyJRo AW!  That's not good. Stupid Doctor Who for scaring you!
my keyboard is destroyed.  Funny how a little splash of water will do that.  
@bfrank87 Nope  Stupid work!
Hmm. Wondered why twitter was so quiet today. Stupid API fails. 
No steam mop for me   Stupid Walmart. That place is evil. Evil evil terrible horrible place.
Scratch that last tweet. Dumb wrestling took the gym  no practice till 4.
i also might have Schizotypal, Narcissistic and Avoidant disorder 
Feeling really stuffy + depressed at the moment. Stupid cold  Won't be able to sleep at all.
I wanna go to Shakespeare on the Green. Stupid school. 
@AlishaPryor517 Dumb and Dumber, I randomly quote that line and... Most of the time people don't get it. 
Yahoo: 'your message cannot be moved to the trash'. ...then why is there a dustbin sign? Stupid thing 
@elvenkayt: I tried to watch the Zombie dance thing, and it's been removed due to copyright  Stupid youtube.
Round at the in-laws. Annoyed that my cold means I can't play with Oscar. Stupid virus. 
@fionaflaherty Rude and Silly in 1 week...    
4am can't sleep, dog's baring @ who knows what! Horrible night!!!!! 
4am can't sleep, dog's barking @ who knows what! Horrible night!!!!! 
@MikeLewisLP Terrible really, makes them look like they're in it for money and luxurys when music isn't about that, at all 
23c my ass its cold!! Better put on some thing warmer!! No shorts for me today!!  summer only last a week in the uk!! Lame!!
@lozzy351 DAMN IT  I missed it  Stupid moving house!
Scary dream can't fall back asleep 
Itchy eyes!! Stupid hayfever 
@AlexaHohenberg Horrible images of the bus driver I had at school running through my head 
@summersurf12 laine!! Help meeee! I'm so damn bored la.. Stupid hell hole.. Bleah! Miss u ppl man 
Stupid Neighbours is making me sniffle 
@loveisnothing http://bit.ly/9waMc  Awful sound though  I'm still looking for another one.
wishing beyond all things that i could be home with my pookie   Funny how things you can normally tolerate now sucks (
My Face is shedding!!! ahh!  Stupid stupid sunburn~
Stupid dryer chewed off one of James' overalls straps. 
Today is kicking my ass already. Strep= just wanna curl up in my cave. Stupid work responsibilities. 
Funny that I have a new found love for 'Thunderstruck' and I think if I go outside today, I may ACTUALLY BE 'Thunderstruck'!! 
@e4VoIP I RESPONDED  Stupid cat is helping me type. Forgive errors 
@ricklondon oh now who is comfortably Dumb 
Funny kid gives the evil look - Pretty damn funny  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_U7TXqwCJc
@adamrothwell  Funny that about to start doing ours, rest assured not a pie chart / Bar graph in sight 
Funny Marriage Quotes http://www.nikrusty.com/2009/04/funny-marriage-qoutes.html yet so true 
Funny Courtroom Quotations  http://rinkworks.com/said/courtroom.shtml
@lmbquinn You're Funny~  
@Restrictor Funny how they focus on the color of the car. Isn't that the ladies job? 
@eisokant Funny to read that browsing is considered as work by you. 
@RickMeasham Crappy audio is the podcast equivalent of a yellow background with red text surrounded by animated gifs? 
2011 is when Scary Movie 5 comes out!!!!! 
Is going to live my life by choosing to be happy. Useless to let others get me down. 
@mileycyrus Watch.  http://tinyurl.com/dbhz99 Funny as Hail.
One thousand one hundred and fifteen.  Haha now I'm using this as my tool of procrastinatioin. Ridiculous.
@Maggotron LOL! Silly girlly! 
Scary movies. Or anything scary. I just don't do them. Unless I get pressured into it. Stupid knott's scary farm.  hold on tight ally!
@mush_mush_mush Funny &amp; gross all at the same time  And I'm keeping my puppy, she gives me poo for free!
Obama's policy called fascist economic socialist utopia. Funny republicans 
Aches less than he expected. Stupid OLE caught fire and delayed my train, so late to work but more time in the sun 
@aplusk Thanks. It does seem like common sense for the most part, but very useful, nonetheless. I love the one about &quot;fresh&quot; air. Funny 
I am actually having to do some work today!!!! Ridiculous 
Funny sleeping pattern for Theo today, woke up at 4 then sang to himself for an hour then slept until 7:45 
Keep It Simple, Stupid http://tcrn.ch/ph by @parislemon Read it 
Hahaha well im on twitter hahah annd i had netball and we lost so tht was Just Plain Stupid lol appart from tht nothing haha 
@mtc @chuckmonster you guys are bad. Funny! But bad. 
It's official now ! ! ! Scary yet feels good 
@ElementsOfJazz Funny that! I'm not he though. 
@kellygirl27 That's Funny!!!   I now have a game named for me!  LOL
&quot;Stupid is as stupid does, sir.&quot; Just zapped into Forrest Gump on the telly. 
@tellmemo Funny! But are they concerned about what u have each &amp; every breakfast,lunch,dinner? I doubt it very seriously!Be interesting 
@urthboy Funny though, looks like a hiphop fan, shes following hilltop hoods. Prolly got the name from you 
@julieunplugged Thanks--I'll try it! Funny, I'm so used to twittering my questions that I forget to google. 
Sean bassist for Jokes asked me how the show was.  I told him how awesome you guys were. 
Dollhouse - Ooops. Wrong. 
@louisebolotin Funny how much difference simple changes make! Bed looks ace 
@isaacn86 Thanks! Funny cause it's true! 
So my coworker/friend told me the manager who sent me home is afraid she's in trouble for sending me home haha. Dumb bitch 
Funny how hittin a sale at coach and bath &amp; bod works makes my day that much better! Shopaholic? Guilty. 
has done the ChocoSlam with his brother. As usual, there were some failures.  I finally burnt my tongue. HAHAHAHA! Stupid me. 
@keithrjones Funny stories I hear!!!  xTx
I've got two debt solution companies following me now! Do they know something I don't! Scary!! 
@Boris Wrong!  using delicious to the max, allow me to bookmark lots of stuff and review my research later.
Funny night.  haha! How old are you? REALLY!! ;)
Dumb decision #532532823985... I don't like school anyways 
Stupid phone for dying on me! Watching Pride and Prejudice now.    Warms my heart!  - xoxo
@piaverona Whats up! Funny historical tidbit, according to our nursery school teacher when you were around I just wanted to play with you 
@cragnet Funny ... I found - and still find - that realplayer renders mp4 better than corePlayer  I use mediacoder to encode the E90 
@mikecj : Interesting.. so what if it happened for few minutes only..  Miracles do happen right?
@TomFelton Hehe, I totally agree. hope it all goes well today and that you are pain free afterwards. Stupid teeth. 
@DrRus Weird stuff stays in my brain 
French is over and i am over joyed  . Stupid events today tonight to Alton towers . i hate how we can't go cause of stupid Exams!!!!
@desrosj Scary to think that it might. 
Hilarious Jokes  : http://www.ahajokes.com/
finally home!! amazing night w/erickz&amp;rigobertoo Funny boys 
Loved the funeral neocon on SNL.  Reminded me of #TCOT.
@OfficialJonah...scale of 1 to 10 - how hilarious is Funny People??   ps. loving the profile pic!
@GabrielSaporta i had a dream last night in which you spat in my mouth for no apparent reason. Weird, huh? What does this mean?!?! 
@blowdart Funny, I grant you but a tad too big to be a badge, I think 
Weird crazy dream...but jordan was in it so it made it pretty awesome 
???????????  She has a good point and weak point extremely. Funny 
Two snowmen are standing in a field. One says to the other : &quot;Funny, I smell carrots too&quot;.   
http://twitpic.com/5d3c6 - This is an Old Jedi  Funny 
Thinks twitter is dumb 
@nkotbcanada Hiii! I just realized i wasn't following you when i was pretty sure i was. Weird. I fixed that. 
Watching Scary Movie, then i'm going to sleep to go to school tomorrow! 
 @essentially_me Funny fact: @sween has about 3x his town's population following him on tumblr. How does h.. http://tr.im/lCEl
What an earthquake. 5.0? Looks like I have a bit of cleaning up to do. Funny thing was, I was surprised and laughing when it happened. 
I love @danecook!!! Hilarious ... loved that they aired it twice 
Stupid f**king space button tweaking out on me. Going to have to call Verizon again and get yet ANOTHER free blackberry.  I'm spoiled!!
@fngkestrel - I just got that! Funny as hell 
@GarethCliff &quot;covered in dust&quot; Hilarious 
@LloydDavis I was just looking at that!  Terrible...far too familiar 
Now I'm leaving. :/ Sucks. i shall have @ashleytisdale on repeat as I walk (: So it'salright,it'sok 
@ToniieyDarlin  Jokes!!  you have a good weekend.? x
@erigby27 haha  oh and I finally saw grey's. Insane.
@doshdosh My word. That NYT plagarism incident was terrible. Funny how the 'i just quoted a friend' was word for word.  Right!
@l0vEhillaryBaBy Hilarious, eh? 
I wonder who that was directed at?  Funny though!
well currently i m tired of candies BUT still busy we(me &amp; @MyNameIsScarf ) are standing on the edge of sofa and sings Funny Songs 
@lewisking Haha, that's old.  Funny how they moved the pin just a tad to make it not so obvious!
Yearbooks out... Funny stuff. 
@GEMcourage @kianne_13 Yooo just woke up from an epic nap actually  Lousy non-sleep patterns!
Morning folks. Only just woken up. Terrible, but I really, *really* needed a lay-in. 
@bmdakin Funny thing is... I did not write that!! 
1.5 hour ago, I wrote how nice the weather is. And a big storm has come: lightnings and thunders. And it is over now. Funny. 
@Gingernyc Definetly,...Odd is my middle name 
@tommcfly Scary o_O but a experience  I hope you got a picture you can show at home
@pudstah pour honey all over his keyboard. Hilarious 
@creativeluggage  I read your post on Color trends, its Interesting post, keep up the good work 
@maxie2007 It is #ff again already eh? Thanks again for always the nice #ff. Funny new avatar pic by the way!! Lol 
@h0zae @Foodtopia Funny I am sitting with @stefanystreet now in yet another explaination of social networking. 
Funny how when no one else is around you are good enough, but then things can change so quickly,oh well that's life 
@FLS_Danicia Wrong wording from me  The Jack Simple idea that big ship wins. I'm back and having fun, but small/mediums not viable now.
@jamisloan Nuggets win  they should have won game 1. Dumb mistakes they won't let happen again lakers should be down 2-0
@Kelness Still seems like a pretty good run.  Too bad Atreyu (I'm assuming it was him) had to go and ruin it.  Stupid, horny, males. 
@GuyKawasaki @BreakingNews has a 94% Narcissism score...but I'm still going to follow them 
Just tried PLO8, 4max for the first time against a couple of maniacs.  Scary for a few minutes, then...not so much.  
@lisa_baroni I'm the same way... and you're right... they either love it or hate it... Scary hot b!tches we are! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS I have seen the new video right now! Funny! 
Ouch. I went from having 1100 dollars to 965. Stupid flights. This trip better be worth it! Beach tomorrow 
Awe a guy in Taken just said Stupid American in Russian. 
@cashonwebsites Funny how a sense of humour can differ.  I found myself jumping ahead with all sorts of punchlines which never happened. 
Speaking of hardcore, this guy is hardcore big time  http://bit.ly/b9WJe  . Funny ad.
Funny how tweet about food generate so many replies. am still hungry tho 
@zbnet that's me, multi-talented! Weird to see all my exploits detailed out in your tweet lol 
Funny day today  got rubbed with grass by a girlfriend of mine and after that we had a water fight 
remembering when he was 16 and someone stole his RayBans from his car.  Jokes on them... they're fashion disasters now.  
