Most common words for this cluster:
[('stupid', 458), ('work', 37), ('today', 23), ('rain', 22), ('phone', 15), ('weather', 15), ('day', 14), ('tomorrow', 12), ('school', 10), ('hurts', 10), ('twitter', 10), ('people', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Stupid', 0.9999531507492065), (u'Dumb', 0.6631050705909729), (u'Pathetic', 0.603674054145813), (u'Wrong', 0.601696252822876), (u'stupid', 0.5945433974266052), (u'Hate_Them', 0.5932039022445679), (u'Screwed_Up', 0.5904226899147034), (u'Dumbest', 0.5898125171661377), (u'Despise', 0.5896216630935669), (u'Idiotic', 0.5887938737869263)]





Not feeling well again. Stupid migraine making my tummy upset.  and my whole body aches, shoot me now.
Stupid m&amp;ms make my stomach hurt 
Stupid 3 year project! feels like you've conquered something then you realised it's only 1 year down 
I was in such a good mood this morning. Now? Not so much anymore. Stupid work! Stupid cellphone provider! 
@nishitd NO!  I missed everything.. 1/4 onwards. Stupid work getting in the way of tennis.  
Stupid glass and it's ability to cut my foot 
@jharb_weave boo I'm sorry  Stupid eyes...why are they so important anyway?
I don't want to go to school!!! I feel awful!  Stupid anxiety attacks kill me!!
cant upload a picture  Stupid thing!
@Iceeh I know! Stupid fox. 
I ate lunch outside for no more then 30 minutes today. And I'm pink. Stupid burnable skin. 
Stupid arthritis.  I'm too young for this crap.
My throat hurts. Stupid weather. 
I have a blister on my right thumb.  Stupid work.
Stupid food 
@PandaDementia Aww  I just seem to be getting worse  Stupid doctor wont do anything till I see specialist, which is a month away =(
trying to master &quot;hard&quot; on rockband2.  Stupid 5th button 
Stupid school tomorrow, i hate it. But i guess it shall be good to see my bestfriends again, but ahh homework 
I can breathe now! Stupid flu  
Oh I see I've been forgetfully stealing my housemates food. Stupid depression + bad memory 
ok now I think there's a cat fight out there   Stupid animals I wanted to sleep in.
Stupid allergies and headaches! 
Is bored and thinks my pre birthday outing could have gone better. Stupid boys have much making up to do 
Feeling crappy. Stupid bugs. I hate being unwell 
Why oh why can't I find out what the beautiful perc instr x stained glass window thingy is called, and where I bought it!? Stupid web 
is attempting to do her plan of procedure but has been sidetracked. Stupid cold, headache and other achy parts 
Stupid Brother and his Stupid exams. wont let me watch tv!  grrrrr
misses the days of skipping class and staying in bed. Stupid work and responsibilities  #fb
Stupid bus timetable, its so confusing 
I have art to post and no way to upload it from my phone  Stupid lj scrapbook doesn't like cell phone updates apparently.
Stupid server maintenance. I was playing in Underbog. 
Lying in bed wide awake  Stupid sunlight waking me up
argh, had this cold all week, now i feel sick as well and cant stop sneezing.  Stupid malware inside me 
no strawberry picking today. Stupid rain. 
@xosandy Stupid pigs... 
Stupid soccer moms with umbrellas! I keep getting poked with the tips 
Stupid cat is sick again 
My whole foot still hurts and dad's making me go to church  Stupid religion :/
Stupid cat woke me up! Why can't I go back to sleep?  *yawn*  
wants to go riding!!!! Stupid rain!!!!!!!!! 
is home from work, but feels terrible.  Stupid hangover.  
Stupid mat  anyone not using theirs?
Stupid dvr didn't record brothers &amp; sisters 
is up and awake at stupid o'clock on a bank holiday. Stupid stupid work 
@shaundiviney Gahh I wanna see you guys in liiiiiiiiiive. Stupid parents won't let me go 
Stupid sister and her boyfriend made me change the channel. I waited all day to want sonny with a chance 
My first thought about what to do on this extra day off was: let's go shopping! Stupid bank holiday 
I feel so used  Stupid boy
I came home to find that all of my newly planted flowers looked as if they were shredded to bits  Stupid hail.
I'm breaking out omg  go away fucking pimples. I never break out. Stupid life.
Stupid piece of shit. You made my best friend mean! 
Stupid me turned the oven on instead of the grill. No wonder my pancakes weren't toasting 
Stupid mac just froze on me 
... I want to taste my pie  bwugh. Stupid mum won't let me.
Stupid camera deleted good pictures 
@DjDATZ Awww, you always ask at horrible times   Stupid essay!
I'm sitting in the car revising before I go into work. Stupid exam  just want today to be over 
The outside of my foot won't stop twitching. Stupid muscle spasms. 
if instead of referring to the datasourceid I refer directly to the datasource I get no data. por que?! Stupid web forms. 
Stupid vending machine at work ate my dollar. 
Stupid mould getting me in trouble with the land owner and the real estate peeps 
I wish I could just find a reasonably priced make-up palette for contouring. Stupid me being all pale. 
ARGGGG!  Stupid computer just &quot;formatted&quot; memory stick without me telling it too! Now I must find a program to &quot;unformat.&quot;  
Stupid soda machine stole my dollar. 
really could do with some chocolate right now. Stupid diet! 
my muscles have tensed up  Stupid gig and probably stupid sleep too.
Everything in my room is on the floor  I knew I shouldve waited till the week to clean. Stupid earthquake!
Stupid mouse isnt working. 
I missed a fight! Stupid bein stuck in my lil coffee shop 
Stupid cheap razor.. just cut myself again 
Stupid motherlkajsdflkajds proxy! Why do you not work? 
Stupid mondays  I wish i was still in bed.
Stupid birds woke me up at 5 am today. 
@VodafoneUk i missed it by about a minute. Stupid buses 
My foot hurts  Stupid glass!
Stupid mommy never came home last night. 
..and my jaw hurts.  Stupid wisdom teeth.
@rainbowbritelez  That blows. I need to get past the first 100 feet and I'm fine. Stupid not feeling safe.
@GummyBear78 @BetyPS very true lol. Stupid uni!  
Stupid thing wont let me put a pic up! 
Stupid dental office saying I owe them money that I don't.  I am going to have to march in there with little papers and be such a bitch 
@emoisforluvers  i never got your reply. Stupid twitter.
So much to do and so little time  Stupid year 12 
Stupid twitter won't upload my picture 
is very very tired  just want to sleep.  Stupid work getting in the way!!!
Stupid kubuntu keeps on freezing on me. I thought linux never freezes 
My back is killing me. Stupid softball 
Stupid competition stuff keeps getting in the way  But I am going to get some words in today if it kills me   @heather_writes
Stupid idiot who ran a stop sing and almost killed me and my car! 
@lindentreephoto yeah, its super crap today   Stupid writing!  ugh
No pool today.   Stupid weather.
Stupid jobs, idk what to do. 
Stupid freshmen ruined theatre class.. Now we don't get to play warm-up games for the rest of the school year 
Stupid sun i  actually have to work now 
I was hoping to sleep in tomorrow ..I guess it's not happening  Stupid blood tests grrr..
24 hours and $400 later and I hav a new telecom phone that dosent work.  Stupid telecom
Stupid shopping bags left a red mark on my arm 
Stupid bipolar weather ruined my day off 
Stupid stupid fever.  It just came back.  Why is everything spinning around in circles???  - http://bkite.com/07Ypj
Stupid #cat crapped on the floor right next to litter box yet again. It's clean &amp; she's an older cat. Why has she started this? 
I may need alcohol tonight  Stupid pain will not go away. I gotta get sleep at some point. I look scary! LOL
Stupid braces. There goes my fun. 
Stupid cast is itchy can't play  guitar and don't get to play nrtball or footy for state 
Stupid legs being randomly achey. 
Stupid airline prices 
I should think about dinner, not bee wishing that i could get a loan at the loan market place.  Stupid calculator says that I cant afford-
Stupid card machine on the train isn't working, its fucking hot and there's no water 
Stupid weather 
Stupid, having tommy problems, while the sun is out and so nice warm and all I do is boring ironing 
Stupid frozen boob juice broke my foot! 
@evilkittywonka That would be awesome. I'd love to go abroad to see a band! Stupid air fares 
Stressed out, strung out, exhausted and need a break. Even a mini one might help. Stupid uni work. Not going to happen any time soon 
Stupid trash man woke me up 
Thanks lakers for winning and making me get drunk.  Stupid hangover 
@Jonasbrothers Fly with me I listened to it for over 24 hours straight. (more in next reply. Stupid word limit  )
Wished WOW was never created... Stupid video games these days 
This weather is soo lush. Wish I was aloud out on my balcony. Stupid restrictions! 
Stupid thundaa! your ruining mine and cassidy's pool plans 
Stupid cold, dont want to be coughing or sniffling anymore 
Thinking about my new bike!  Stupid work preventing me from riding 
@dubbayoo  Stupid pubs and their lack of veggie fare. Now I'm even more hungry, may have to raid cupboards.
Stupid weather made me lazy. No more range 
I find it quite annoying when I come online to check if I'm loved and I find out who's gone through or won this like that :/ Stupid me! 
Stupid twitter won't let me change my picture. 
Seriously, I had to restart it about 7 times. Stupid phone. 
@deidrefunk you hate me even more now then??? Stupid new layout making me be hatted 
Having trouble getting the wings game online.  Like I didn't have enough to whine/cry about today!    Stupid corporate computer security.
Stupid thunderstorms cut my date short. 
Stupid animal plant shows always make me cry 
Why have all the hot chicks got mega attitude issues? Stupid perth girls...I failed again 
Stupid essay makes me wanna cry. I wrote one yesterday, why do I have to write another one? 
Stupid standing room only. I can't feel my butt. 
@hottvampchick I know...until 2 weeks ago, twitter at work was there, now it's blocked  Stupid city job
http://twitpic.com/6bhne - Stupid iphone camera makes my hair look oily 
Stupid #brightkite won't post my updates to twitter 
Waiting for my allergic reaction to go down... Gahhh. Stupid sushi. 
Stupid hiccups 
Slowly cleaning out @CabbetteNZ's stashes of painkillers and anti-inflamatry drugs. Starting to get a feel for chronic pain. Stupid chest 
Oh NO! I chewed all my nails away and they took so long to grow  Stupid neurotic auto - self - cannibalism.
MY friend gave birth without me being there. Stupid game... 
Stupid cat just threw up something 
Stupid throat- no Colonial for me today 
@livy_rose_y Haha yea. Stupid fancy chocolates  lol
@atheistium don't u just hate that  seems to happen a bunch. Stupid ebayt rules.
is really disappointed she missed out on pony trekking today. Stupid ankle 
Stupid crepe ! I spilt it on my shirt  now its stained
Totally bummed that all the raining has stopped.    I miss my rain.  Stupid sun and heat!  Stupid Florida!  Grrrr!
is really cold and needs to go take more medicine. Stupid flu. I always manage to get sick for exams. 
Stupid coughhh 
Stupid dvd player won't work 
Stupid mondays,, theyre so cold n  just so fuxking boringg 
Stupid training program!!!  if only I really stuck to it!!
Stupid leg is being a bit weird. If this keeps up I'll have to go back on injections I guess. 
Inviting people over to drink some coffee, don't I have enough condensed milk *turning red* Stupid, have to call my mother 
I want fooooood. Stupid contractors 
Stupid computer    why is when I want to use it the internet always broke.
ah great i smell like a freakin eucalyptus tree. Stupid flu/chest infection. 
Stupid satellite service screwing up the TV sked. I don't have the last hour of @BTToronto. 
My head hurts. Stupid heat  It doesn't help that my uniform is black trousers and shoes and navy polo shirt ...It's sun heaven !
@roxiijonas  damn. Stupid rumours. Would have been amazing :'(
Stupid paintings 
Stupid streaming... isn't streaming... trying to follow announcements in a chatroom is like pulling teeth! 
@fourzerotwo When will a video be released? I'd really like to see what happened. Stupid internet  #e3
Stupid parents  they promised me when they split up nothing would really change and suprise suprise it has :'(
Stupid non-eligable contracts..... No iPhone for me today.  I will get it though.... You just watch.
Stupid imovie!!  your dumb!!! Ahah oh well, life goes on :p
@Austincarlile dude that was sick!! Stupid spamers are gay!! It sucks my computer was laging!!!  but really cyked to hear the new songs!!
@deckacards Stupid fans are stupid. 
I'm never going to get to shower. Stupid storms. 
Stupid twitter told me to reply with &quot;leave @rachelnator&quot; to stop her messages and i got soo sad  i'll never let go jack!
If i can't sleep with socks on why would i be able to sleep with hot feet ? Stupid weather. It's soo hott 
I'm feezing outside! Stupid wifi won't work inside no more. 
The warmer it is outside, the colder I get inside. Stupid climate controlled buildings 
@AngelaGillham I did. Stupid spell-check delayed me tho 
Stupid oral exam. I have to wait till everyone else is finished till i can take it 
Stupid leaf blower woke me up 
#goodsex is something I miss. Stupid long distance relationships. 
So exhausted I feel sick  Stupid video game documentary keeping me up til 4 am! 
Stupid weather... Makes my head hurt  
@ThinkInStereo   I want some...  Stupid allergies
Stupid chris phone keeps hanging up on me 
Stupid hgtv has me wanting a story where s is having j's bb and j is freaking out about s breathing in paint fumes. 
I finished typing three sections of biology notes in 2 hours.  Stupid biology. -.-
Aahhhh I have so much shit to do when i get home  Stupid corporate visits suck.
@Shelbyy14 Stupid summer  i am going to die
really upset that my next semester of law school is going to be busy and lame again  Stupid schedule conflicts!
I want to teach German.  Stupid budget cuts. Stupid counselors. Stupid parents who think it's a waste if time. Stupid, right?
Stupid work... Stupid parents... Stupid stupid stupid. I hate when my parents argue and make it feel like it's all my fault 
@_doodle  Stupid bosses.
Should NOT be up this early.  Stupid work.
About to take off... Stupid biking to school... 
I must go to grammar school after this school  I DON'T WANT TO!!!! Stupid parents...
@swanskin  No kidding--having the same problem here.  Stupid people and their machines at 8am... 
I actually, really, REALLY don't want to ring student finance  am too stressed out now. Stupid fucking life.
@TwoPeasandPod It is their modus operandi so kind of use to it right now. Stupid curse of the goat 
my head is pounding...and not because it's thinking too hard! Stupid sinus infection! 
Stupid food....food poisoning...SUCKY 
I have to go have an ultrasound on my leg today because I might have a blood clot. Stupid charlie horse 
All I want is to sleep. Stupid work and stupid fall transtion shoes. 
Stupid phone didn't charge last night..... 
Worrying About Stupid Skool &amp; Stupid Friends 
@Robbysh Aaaw!!! Stupid respnsibilities! 
Brain thinks it's quitting time. Stupid time-zone change. 
Aw, I missed all the fun.  Stupid work.  
@WestCoastGal88 ugh, I wish I could watch it. Stupid cable! 
Stupid plane tickets...why are you so expensive...anyone have buddy passes? 
Stupid att at best buy was overflowing with people  No phone so far 
So i hurt my wrist again tonight... Stupid bats! 
My back hurts.  .... Stupid back.
: Stupid skunks keeping my pup from going outside. 
Stupid head cold has gotten worse thru-out day. Even tho I've been taking meds every 4 hrs!  womp womp- hopefully 2morro will be better?
Stupid bitches who check id suck 
Stupid ipod. Stupid stupid ipod. I freaking love you. Why must you deceive me now? 
Off to get a new coat for tomorrow.. Might have to invest in some wellies too! Stupid weather!  #fb
Stupid medicine is making me sick  off to sleep.
There is definitely a sense of pathetic fallacy today. Stupid weather 
@emilysarah2303 eeek just had cornflakes without thinking!!!! Stupid nut based cereal! 
Why is it I voluntarily chose to live in the allergy capitol of the world?  Stupid mold 
Stupid girls &gt;:/ why am I so jealous? 
Has never been so hung over  hurts to open eyes. Stupid self!!
@DWDRUMMER3193  i wish i could come. Stupid bilo 
Stupid @westzhang's comp don't lemme update properly. 
No fun for me today  maybe candy and chrome tomorrow not sure yet though.... Stupid house work. errrrrrr
Stupid finals, i dont want to study 
Stupid cough never seems to leave me 
Stupid tower in the water is mostly non-accessible now 
wishes the #48hbc was next weekend. Then I could do it.  Stupid finals that need to be studied for.
Stupid me fell back asleep and was an hour late for work. 
Stupid rain means no bonfire. 
Stupid me, stupid laziness and stupid usual (for Russians) delays in everything. 
Stupid yoyo wont even come back up when I throw it! I wanna throw it out that window! 
@aianna21 *sniffles* I want twin tiiiime  Stupid revision. *kicks it*
I need to get a phone one of these days. Stupid washing machine killed my old phone.  epic fail.....
Stupid rain better not cancel the races 
@jaybby_ oh. EWWWW. Stupid people and couples  HAHA. I'm so cruel to couples. Friends should pay MORE attention to friends!
Stupid steve and brenda D: third wheel 
Stupid tree born frog,gaaah I do not take losing kindly!! 
@a_simple_girl Thanks, love. I've been dying to see it. Stupid technological difficulties... 
@davidgilray i'm ok for being basically half deaf in my right ear. It's acting up something fierce today. Stupid sinuses 
@midnightsunx I would've went with you if I didn't have to work!  Stupid work. I wanna hang out soon though deary.
My braces cut my lip  Stupid..
Stupid bro woke my mom up to yell at me for being up &quot;late&quot;..he is soo gay..grrr  &gt;:o like I'm gonna go2 sleep:-p
Hopefully one day this summer I'll actually sleep. Stupid migraine 
really wants to go out tonight  Stupid work tomorrow
Stupid sunshine chasing the rain away 
I feel crappy this morning. In other words, I don't think soccer's in the cards. Stupid body. 
I'm soooo tired. I have to get up at 6:40. Stupid work exp. 
@quackstervu It tastes the same as if I'd made Japanese curry. Stupid curry powder 
Stupid cough is getting worse  gonna fight thru and hit the lake b4 I go pick up  our pool table
Why when I get a headache it always manages to migrate to my neck?  Stupid headache. 
feels a bit crappy...  Stupid bad weather -_-
Stupid mother woke us up an hour eairly 
Ughhhhhhhhh why is batista wwe champ!!?? Stupid 6 year old wwe fans 
Coughing like a mad woman! Stupid allergies! All of the pollen and stonedust from the softball fields are vacationing in my lungs! 
Stupid fucking cough. I better not be getting bronchitis again  
Stupid manhattan streets givin my poor whip a flat tire! 
Stupid coyotes howling at the sirens, freaking me out.  glad both the cats are in.
Morning, running late. Stupid alarmclock that doesnt wake me anymore 
I'm wayyy too tired to wake up!! Stupid general studies exam! 
Stupid headache.. 
Stupid twitter won't upload my photo  grr.
@wimjimjam it's okay... thanks. Stupid thing  haha
Stupid postman needs to hurry up with LVATT 
@mikebailey01 what's anvil? Stupid time difference usually makes me miss your tweets 
Is missing her girlfriend so terrible. Stupid internet at work is not working 
Stupid rain, messing with our swan feeding plans 
Stupid shuttle driver I got here too late to check my bag and now I have to wait on stand by  I will never pack much again  oh well
I've been up since fuckin 2:14 and I hatee it. I want sleep. I want jeremyyy to hold me while I sleep. Stupid teenage cravings 
@aianna21 Yaaay for the nap. I want one  Stupid hot weather.
Stupid flies ruin everything ,, its so nice outside but the flies ruin it ! 
Running home real quick to take a nap during my lunch hour. Stupid allergies forced me to take Bendaryl this morning.  #squarespace
I'm soaking wet! Stupid rain 
Finishing on-line traffic school  Stupid  waste of time and $ haven't had a ticket since 1984.
@Soccergirl  Stupid hearts...
Stupid phone is still frozen so im being forced to use my old one. 
@fineartsfreak56 I wanna dance with you girls!! Stupid work 
I want to go on an Egyptian cruise.  Stupid school always getting in the way.
I wish there was a way of laying in the rain without getting my back dirty. Stupid mud 
Oops, just tweeted that msg 3x. Now I know why it's trending. Stupid mouse button.... 
If they didn't do that it may not be so embarrasing telling new docs I have bipolar. Stupid ass stereotypes 
Stupid story! Why won't you write yourself! 
@KNichole25 I'm so jealous. I wish I could move away soon. Stupid school 
No tattoos today  Stupid tweekers!!
Stupid biology calendar  ruining the summer vibe!
Omgosh it did cut me off! Stupid tumblr. 
Stupid people annoy me... Huggggeee headache 
Stupid deer  what am i gonna do?
Stupid twitteric!!! I don't know what my friends are up to every minute of the day... 
Stupid ant bites....  I hope they go away soon.....
I'm really sad its supposed to rain tomorrow  I wanted to wear my new dress. Stupid rain.
Stupid bus doors nearly closed on me again 
Stupid city! I can't find a job 
Stupid rain, why is it always raining whem I am outdoors...? 
Stupid transmitter  engineers are fixing things should be back up soon
Stupid tuesdays and their downtime. 
Stupid sports. 
Stupid bank problems... payday will not be happening this week 
Really sick! Stupid stomach virus! 
Stupid bloody cricket 
Ughhhhhh! Stupid twitter. it wont let me upload any pictures accept for the one i am using of the horse. not even a crop of my face. 
Stupid refrigerator just bumped me and made me drop my plate on the floor. now my hand hurts from picking up all of the glass 
On break at work. Stupid gigantic barn 
Stupid rain.. you're spoiling all of my plans for the week!! 
http://twitpic.com/7juug Stupid woman. I hate this programme, I want to watch the big bang theory 
I really want to go to jazzercise again  Stupid knee
Stupid mr reinhard has to go n stress out my best friend senior drum major 
@CBChaz I've never been! But yes it does suck  Stupid back!
Not liking the sound of that. I'm so confused. Stupid boys. 
Stupid xbox live still not back up, cant use media center extender,  i have to watch tv on little monitor, its like the dark ages! 23&quot; ahh
lkajflalfahlkaklsd! Stupid A- history of consciousness grade, messing up my 4.0 
I may have just completely flipped...and then shared way too much. Stupid things I do in freak out mode. I'm sorry. 
What? No internet on my phone? Stupid rain storm...now I have to lean forward to my laptop... 
It's official I hate the cat, she peed on the carpet right in front of her litter box &amp; yes the box was clean. Stupid cat errr 
Why is it so much harder to get out of bed in winter. Stupid warm snuggly bed n cold icky outside! 
Stupid cat peed on the couch. 
SHIT, have to wake up at 6:30 tomorrow  Stupid early flight
@stuartcwalker I can't get it to work from my phone actually. Stupid twitter 
@waxkrayon awww, again? Stupid xbox live 
Stupid twit freeze again not check tweets 5hrs but can only get 1hr bak! 
Stupid cramps, stupid sore joints, stupid work in the morning 
Stupid rain means an hour of running on the uberboring indoor track today.  #running
@epidemicover  I was going, but I couldn't get thereeeee. Stupid rentals
Stupid shop dodnt cut my films for me!!  humph - http://tweet.sg
Ugh why am I up??? Stupid early ortho. 
@skadz I hear it's not til noon!   Stupid west coast...
WTF Stupid earphones i can't hear my music now...i'm sad 
Just got pulled over for speeding!  I was only doing 44 in a 35! I dont think I should have got pulled over! Stupid!
Stupid car troubles  doesn't look like it is going to be a very good day
Stupid electronic circuits 
I'm bored and alone in foothill ranch  Stupid car repairs!
Urrrrgh, I feel so ill. Stupid headache 
Ugh...just took the magnesium citrate...I'm in for a rough ride the rest of the day!  Stupid surgery requirement 
rats, I hate having to cancel plans with friends! Supposed to see my best friend tonight. Stupid car situation 
Stupid twiiter wont let me get on my account on my computer  &lt;*single-icious&lt;3&gt;
Stupid swine flu shit  Hmmmmff
@TraceyPenny I wish. Stupid work tomorrow 
Stupid traffic! I should have exited crow canyon 
Looks like its just you and me full bowl of mac and cheese.  im pathetic. Stupid parents.
Stupid shuttle is late to pick us up! 
@ddlovato I wish I could come tomorrow night but no I have to study my butt off for science instead... Stupid exams, I wanna meet you! 
Idontwannagotowoooooork  stupid airplanes. Stupid packages that make my hands nasty 
Stupid public service announcements, for a second there I believe there is such thing as house hippo, scared there for a second 
I want a milkshake and my foot hurts now   Stupid coat on the floor
Trying to fill out my debt profile for tomorrow... but I dono what I'm doing..  Stupid credit cards!!!!!!
Stupid 7am flight tomorrow 
Tired  Really do not want to get up. Stupid work.
Stupid character limits! 
Stupid broken down lorry meant i was stuck on m1 this morning 
@itsanno  It's in the water. Stupid water. LOL
Stupid pumps aren't working right.. This really sucks!   
I have a feeling I'm gonna be dealing with this migraine much longer than I want. Stupid weather. 
Face is still super itchy and pained  Stupid medicine allergies.
I was going to ride a segway today. Stupid rain ruined my plans! 
Stupid pinky hurts thanks to stupid mike! 
I need to find a pair of shorts that doesnt show my underpants. But I need monies for that. Stupid cut-offs. 
@LaujBadAss we definitely do. I swear everytime we even say work I feel the pain  Stupid fucking work!!!
Stupid rain makes june go away and puts a wrench in extravagant bike marathon shitshow plans 
Stupid bus broke down so will be late to google #waveapi day now  #fail
@oliver I agree. But how do you vote against stupidity? Stupid people have the majority in every political party. 
Something I just ate didn't want to stay down.. Stupid bar food 
@jodyroo I am jealous of your yum. Stupid frozen lemonade taking longer than I wanted to wait to thaw 
@jstevens428 you haven't? :o I'll write you a new one! Stupid mail 
Stupid dundee busses! 8mins late!! And over priced! I miss edinburgh  #fb
Stupid police ruin all our fun 
just found out she worked a whole weekend for nothing. Stupid payroll 
They denied me when I tried to give blood today!  Stupid colds that don't want to go away completely!!!
Stupid douche who cut alberts nails made him bleed   I know he was only a student and albie wouldn't stay still but still!
Stupid sleep apnea kicked in last night. I was suffocating in my sleep and was semi-conscious for it 
Stupid black eyeliner where are you????  I need you!!!!!!!
Stupid southern railways website keeps telling me there a fatal error in the tickets im searching for 
@heartoceann I didn't go to the zoo  Stupid people backed out because they thought it would rain. it's been sunny all day. stupid people
I have an extra hole in me now  Stupid blood tests...
AGGGGHHHHH!!! Stupid cookies are trying to ruin my diet 
Just cried a little from a thing on oprah...Stupid war 
Stupid hotel computer won't let me reply to people's comments...rrrr 
My cat had to be put down. Stupid neighbors ran him over with their truck. 
Stupid tweetdeck! it seems like i tweeted to much 
Stupid power failure...it's so boring without my daily dose of t.v. 
Stupid boyfriends paying more attention to the xbox instead of me.  
It should not still be this warm in our house. Stupid rain making me keep the windows closed 
@xelena good but nothing 2 watch on tv. Stupid golf  and u?
Stupid thunderstorm. 
Stupid broken water supply 
arghh just realised i can't take my laptop manchester! I am going to be as bored as ever! Stupid laptop breakage 
Stupid rain, no golfing this morning. 
My dad saw his surprise family portrait we got for him for father's day.    Stupid facebook.
Why can't it be nice out? Stupid rain 
Stupid phone had the volume down so I couldn't hear it ring when my hubby called 
Ugh, I hate soldier flys.  Stupid things scare the crap outta me once i get outside to get the mail. Urghh.
Stupid rain  can't go to the beach
Is @ work   Stupid computers! :p
Stupid weather not blowing enough to get to staines in time 
Stupid pocket watch has decided to stop again  grrr
Stupid being poor. Stupid everything. 
I don't see any clouds outside. Stupid rain ruined my plans; I could be outside right now 
Stupid vending machine @ work won't take my dollar, and its not even that wrinkled 
Stupid rain! I want to play softball 
Dammit. They're only $12 today.  Stupid one day sale.
Stupid helicopter circling over the neighborhood is keeping me uo 
 my neck hurts!  Stupid sleeping postions
is hating biostats. And vodafone. Stupid fuckers wouldn't let my phone work earlier. Who knows what I've missed out on 
Stupid laptop just turning itself off randomly  have to go now
Stupid cable wont work, something wrong with the audio cables is fuked up.  man im soo bored and its late i suppose. Might fall sleep.....
So what will today involve? More resting, more tablets, some more visits and a bit more resting I suppose. Stupid heart 
@Rellacafa ...yay for you?  Stupid elbow.
Stupid cold, with your sneezing and sore throat! Also where has the sun gone! 
@SammyWammy1 and then typically I had an even worse one last night/this morning. Stupid brain! 
@rcmannjr ..following you.At least, my twitter says so.Stupid...  anyways, ive unfollowed you and followed you again..its good now i think
I wanted to bake a cake for my dad, but we don't have enough apples  Stupid stores, why aren't they opened on sunday?! T___T
promised she would go into central today and meet up with her drummer. Stupid central with their stupid tubes being closed 
Why...! Why doesn't my background image change size depending on the size of the screen!  Stupid thing...
Pants &amp; double pants. Now flight has been pushed back 2 1425hrs. Stupid SqeezyJet! 
Stupid weather...no boat ride for pops and me 
Stupid patiio0 tablle bro0ke iin a milliio0m piieces    piickiing iit all upp
I would go hug my dad but, sadly I don't have a dad anymore. (Stupid divorces) 
is tired of watching her money dwindle without a job to help it go back up! Stupid economy 
 phone is dying. Stupid car is so far away.
@btub wish I could make it. Stupid work 
...fighting over the avaliable washing machines at my apt for the last couple of hours. Stupid lady has been using them the entire day 
@OfficialAS naaw -huggles- i hope you feel better. Stupid food tech! 
Stupid work stopping me from going jetski'ing 
Hrmpf! Stupid bandage, can't play any game now 
@krist0ph3r I am still at work too. Stupid vtiger migration seems to have gone wrong 
Stupid breaks on my car failed not a very good day today 
i'm cleaning my room.  Stupid bribes. :-P
@lavenderstars I was trying to but the app on facebook isn't letting me.  Stupid glitches 
So I might need back surgery?  Stupid dance. Blechh.
Stupid scanner putting lines down the middle of my pictures. 
http://twitpic.com/8cper - fail! Stupid summer hours. 
Stupid, beautiful dreams that most likely will never come true... 
Stupid prom kids...thank god this is the last one!!! If it wasen't I would seriously cry...and cry some more 
I hate O2 - they are evil  Stupid iphone.... nothing but trouble!
I wish I could go to the @atub meetup. Stupid having to work at 7pm 
@stellawella Stupid girl la she  Okok, she needs the rest, gaspz
Stupid dentist appointment tomorrow  goodnight!
On the train running late!  Stupid alarm clock!! D:
And my picture still isn't working.. Stupid twitter 
Why is our toaster sooooo sloooow  Stupid cheap company.
Stupid les got me sick and i feel like shit 
Morning twitz! Stupid jury duty today  there has to be a way out of this....
Stupid bots - must be careful with tweets 
Stupid braces are making my lips so dry 
Stupid tired right now. @empressserica made me look hot. 
@PandaDementia Aww  I just seem to be getting worse  Stupid doctor wont do anything till I see specialist, which is a month away =(
enjoyed a good time out tonight.  Stupid movie, but good times losing at the pool table! 
@adrianlang Ahaha.. I should do some real research before I do stuff.. :| Thanks for letting me know! Stupid me.. 
is hyper!  Stupid caramel tarts...
