Most common words for this cluster:
[('summer', 335), ('lol', 6), ('months', 4), ('com', 4), ('yay', 4), ('winter', 4), ('camp', 4), ('jonasbrothers', 3), ('amp', 3), ('school', 3), ('t', 3), ('doesnt', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'summer', 0.9998407363891602), (u'spring', 0.7669617533683777), (u'winter', 0.715903103351593), (u'summertime', 0.6904255747795105), (u'summers', 0.6756923794746399), (u'autumn', 0.6487187743186951), (u'week', 0.6329163908958435), (u'weekend', 0.6311115026473999), (u'Summer', 0.6079966425895691), (u'month', 0.6049449443817139)]





summer camp or summer school?? Both are boarding lol. 
is summer already over? why is i raining? 
What happened to summer? 
@catt231 We've had our summer already I think 
getting ready to go home for the summer 
its cold  i wish summer would come back!!
Why cant it be summer again 
I never felt summer (and it's almost over)... It's always raining 
starting summer I classes 
summer here already... so fricken hot already 
Bring back the summer! - And I seem to have a cold 
I want summer to be fun 
summer heat is killing me 
@bethmcgrath same feeling.  I miss summer 2008...
i want the summer to arrive...finally 
@angiepanda 19 till summer 
i just gave my summer away. 
doesn't want summer to end 
i misss shannon novioo and bekaa so much  , this summer is going to be nothing like last summer -__-
packing to go home for summer! 
very hot  i hate summer!!!
Supposed to making a summer pudding but it doesn't feel much like summer today 
I reaalllyyy want summer 
Where's the summer? 
At least those who got married last summer while it was legal are still valid, but still, it's not completely fair and equal.  
summer just got a little worse 
Is glad it's summer... But I miss nick. 
is tired of summer already 
It's too hot. I hate summer  #harrymcflytosing
i wish it was summer 
Just remembered I still have a summer project to do.  IT NEVER ENDS!!!!!
what will I do this summer without seeing your for 2 months... 
Planning my summer still seems far away... 
if only i could hear #rightturn live this summer 
not excided for summer.  
One more week until summer.  
I want summer...now 
i dont want summer. i dont want summer. i dont want summer. 
it is beyond me why I have to greet real summer with the thickest cold 
Ugghh too early for summer ! 
@_santi almost winter, I miss summer  was a bad winter there?
getting tidied up ready for the summer semester  
@Jonasbrothers i want to see you guys this summer so bad. 
@CarolynRuth  will you back at all this summer?
@saygoodbye1818 :p we lose them for the summer soon. 
@feniaa me tooooo  i want summer 
I miss summer 
it's summer and it's raining. geeezzzz i miss my winter 
I am really not ready for summer, i am not skinny enough and i do not have summer clothes, they are all for the winter 
is starting to hate the summer all ready. too damn hot 
wishing summer would come faster 
@Elliethinks i know how you feel, i want summer to come nowww  
only if this summer wasn't so damn boring 
been sooo tirrrred!!! so over studying  i want it to be summer!!
No summer love though 
Last week of summer! 
@MattJIsCool i miss you tooooooooo!  during the summer, i swear, we'll get closer again! &lt;3333
it's getting chilly tonight...I thought summer was here 
stressing out and starting summer class already.. goodbye summer.. 
it's summer... but it doesn't feel like it 
summer is over! 12 more months!! 
I think there will be no traveling this summer for me 
its summer and i woke up at 9:30 
Why doesnt it feel like summer? 
@elisays I used to tell myself that every summer... then I aged out 
summer= boring so far 
summer, where are you?! 
@jenniceg that's just crazy! I can drive somewhere faster than that!  yay summer 
@the_summer_set dang it 
@misscracker LOL I wish it was summer here  It's freezing 
where did summer go!!!?  at least I'm not sunburnt - @MarthaFalls ouch!
@BillyCashin same. i was on my laptopper and all by 9.57. :Z unnaturally early for the summer. 
I am getting a cold and it's summer. I am so #awesome 
i wish i was going to summer camp  
this is going to be a very long summer. 
i hate summer 
no caregroup in summer 
@MrRathbone Haha well atleast its summer, we have winter 
summer is overrated when all you do is work. 
UGHHHH!  summer hasnt started yet 
Isn't having a very good summer so far  but trying to keep my hopes up.
@symphnysldr I wish I could see you guys this summer, you're not coming close enough 
Wishing that summer would come back 
summer is really over 
It's hard to be excited for summer when it's so cold out 
ughhh, getting out of bed when its cold is so hard! where's summer? 
only 2 weeks and i'll be almost free. but now the summer haven't started for me 
@ZuigiaGirl dang at 5:30 during the summer  where are u going to be to schoo?
@erikcervantes i want to go this summer  but i have too much to do. i don't think i'll make it.
summer is starting to get boring..... 
It was a nice summer while it lasted 
is it EVER going to be summer!?!?! 
why does it have to rain during summer 
is still interviewing for summer 
@kmukole aww. . .  it was 9 months for me.  why not until next summer?
Why does summer have to end? 
y shud i catch cold in summer???  
Is holding out for summer, even if I won't have anyone to talk to in summer 
@mikegayle I know, and now it seems the summer is already over... 
@Willofmyown summer is officially over. 
Where summer go? 
summer's almost over. 
is wondering if our summer is over 
studying  , can't wait for summer!!!
Oh noes.  summer's over...
both of my annual summer cookouts were cancelled this year  i'm already tired of summer.
I'm so sleepy :| and its so cold, where's my summer 
knooooooooooc'... the summer isn't the same. 
@amandastaley Did you graduate? i havent seen you this summer? 
@SupernovaGirl the nearest is pretty far away.  but...perhaps after the summer. perhaps.
This summer is going to be shite.. i can tell 
And damn... It's snowing again  No summer yet
Wishing it was going to be summer soon 
I'm really missing summer! 
is sick of summer already 
I have a feeling that I won't tan at all this summer. 
@andijonas2009 very pretty pic...i'm sooo jealous...i'm not going anywhere good this summer! 
@allMywonders I miss summer too. 
summer is so over 
is tired  but one more left and then it is officially summer 09!
this is crazy...being cold during summer 
summer's ended 
Waiting for summer to come, because it's raining now 
its too cold for it to be summer. nooo 
it's raining and cold.... not my summer 
I thought it was summer 
It's so hot and summer hasn't even arrived! 
I think summer is over already 
I will miss the Hamptons this summer 
it's only june and i'm already sad I'm not coaching basketball this summer... 
Is freezing its supposed to be summer 
summer needs to come like now. boggled down by culminatings 
summer is so close but yet so far 
so far, summer sucks. and it doesn't even feel like summer 
@Jonasbrothers I wish I could see you guys on tour this summer, but you're not coming anywhere close. 
I wish I could go back to summer '06  I miss it.
this summer blowss 
I am so bummed i'm not seeing you this summer @mileycyrus.... 
Where did summer just go 
aw now ten more months before summer again. 
@donnaperez I wish I was working at a summer camp  stooooopid summer classes -__-
So long sweet summer 
still waiting for summer here in #bozeman....is it possible it may never arrive? 
@EmmaHerdman In summer too 
summer has started and i have a cold 
not feeling so great...a little summer cold happening right now! 
bourd and tired............summer is borin 
@xobabyox if only it would feel like summer 
not summer yet for me 
summer is ssssooo boring so far 
@veromcfly exam studying  still, again. ugh where is my summer???? lol u?
@peaceluvamber a really sucky summer 
It just doesn't feel like summer! 
why doesnt it feel like summer yettt! 
This summer is quite boring.  
my summer is becoming very uneventful 
Why can't England have a summer?? It's so cold here ! 
i want summer back 
Awww want summer to come back already 
my summer is getting booked up 
What if, what if.. I have to wear a cast all summer..  That's not very sexy..
@wtcc why don't you tweet on summer?! 
it doesn't feel like summer 
@VictoriaDeButy sad we didn't get to play this summer 
16 credits over the summer makes it not feel so much like summer 
having a horrific summer............so far 
It's summer. Isn't summer supposed to b fun? If it is then it's deffinately not summer!! 
@JasonJMikeMgmt I don't and that does me no good. I can't even see them this summer. 
I'm allergic to summer  I keep sneezing
@rinaz They close for summer? 
too sad i wouldn't go to morocco this summer 
I miss summer 
@BDutton no  travel didn't get approved for summer..and I have to film summer camps.
lonely...  and wanting summer NOW.
@livetopartyx3 ahhh I'm going to be at summer camp I wishni wasn't 
I think summer is passing us by 
I think i hate summer.......  
wanting the summer to go by alreadii 
@philbridler i wish my summer would start already 
according to bud light we cannot have summer unless we are drinking their beer but i dont drink so i guess i cant have summer 
I wish I could go to the Hamptons for the summer 
This summer is going to blow.  GHUOEJWKAMNGHOUEWJAGKLNMEWAHIUJK
@faunep well I guess u can but not yet.  late summer is what AT&amp;T says
@laurennhannahh it won't work until late this summer, AT&amp;T haven't started it yet. 
i feel like summer will be over soon 
@LaughoutLarga Haha same here, I don't want summer to make me hella tubby wubby 
I want summer back 
summer workout!  
Wishing i had a summer  *histexasangel*
why does it rain in the summer 
@lemondsh I know  It's suppose to be summer!
got my summer break yesterday, but what about the summer? 
Its almost summer, and where I am, it is cloudy and very wet outside  That is not summer weather
who stole the summer? 
@likeasun no, not summer. more like spring 
@msbri I've got to work all summer 
Starting my summer semester 
@brianlogandales im sad i dont get to see you guys this summer 
why is this summer sucking?? so much rain 
This has been such a horrible summer so far, I'm so disappointed. 
summer is being very cruel to me 
summer summer, SUMMER. but with nothing to do 
@Lilayy why do you have summer schooll ? 
this summer sucks 
i want summer to come back its too cold 
It better not rain in the summer 
summer! 
It`s so fun to be sick in the summer holidays 
probably won't be tweeting this summer 
i miss summer `09. 
I want my relaxed summer back 
@KittyHumpinTin summer youth 
Going back to sleep I have the summer cold. 
I want summer 
@petercackett that is so upsetting, my summer usually consists of watching nadal lol 
summer is whatever so far...i don't know what to do 
I miss summer `ownayn. 
@peacesignpamFOD I am! I'm still busy over the summer though 
summer. yet why do i feel so shitty 
so much for an amazing summer 
this summer doesnt even feel like summer 
i cant believe summer just took off without me 
@MaDdieBLaiRe i miss you  i hope ur summer is awesome!
I wake up too early for summer 
@vivalatrace  so I'm not seeing you at all this summer?!!???
Just woke up really hungover  this summer is already crazy
http://twitpic.com/7xysr - I miss summer 
Already bored of summer. 
@ValWhite77 that won't work until late summer. AT&amp;T will activate it then. 
Isn't ready for summer. It's too hot. 
just had lunch... i hate the summer over here.. 
Why is it rainiiiiing? It's supposed to be summer 
is summer.... I don't want to study 
morninnnn. wishing i was actually going away this summer 
@Jonasbrothers i love you guys soooooo much! i wish i was seeing you guys this summer. 
It is officially summer. I'm already dark 
summer. it is so boring i want to go out. i hate how its so cloudy 
i have summer school  whyyyyy?!?!?!?, my summer is ruined! 
one week of summer left.  before i start summer school.  yay. 
Ugh, summer isnt going as planned 
@kristeeeez foreal! summer is always fucked 
wtf is it raining i thought it was summer not spring 
It doesn't feel like summer. 
I hate summer.  It's too hot.
it feels unnatural to be up this early during summer 
summer is summer and I wish I was on vacation! 
i'm still pretty sad i couldn't go last summer...i missed she&amp;him  
@ScorpioEyes10 @MrYeah83 i thought it was comin out this summer 
@mariol420 it's approaching summer here.  !
It feels like summer. 
i am really excited to climb this summer. 
@robynmcintyre  Its going to be great for summer!
listening to music.... summer is sooooo close!!! 
http://twitpic.com/3lgy7 - me and amy summer 08 
excited for summer, but i need to think about passing math before i think about summer 
@GarMar88 summer is a commin  LOL
can't wait for the summer to kick in 
raining though its summer 
@BeckLovesKyle you know what I will trade you.  You can have the summer if I can have the winter 
wooooo the summer set 
@DavidArchie i'm going to see in the summer! YAY! so excited! 
Looking forward to my first picnic of the summer 
i think summer is back  http://plurk.com/p/rjfpv
wuuhu summer 
almost summer 
@thespianduckie I can help this summer if you like 
I had fun this summer 
will be working at 7/11 this summer 
is ready for summer!!! 
http://twitpic.com/4we51 - summer is here. 
Thinking of summer 
Really wants to go to SpiLiRa this summer 
GEtting tired and ready 4 summer!!!!! 
can smell summer 
One more final to go and then its all about summer in the 253 
Thinking about what the summer has in store for me 
@beckieillson i oficially hate being bored beckiebobs. looking forward to the summer though 
@transitionsport looking forward to visiting this summer 
1 down, 4 to go... summer's almost here 
loving summer 
I can feel summer coming on. The cusp of spring/summer is the best time of year 
@awlred I'm aiming for five this summer 
summer summer summer summmerrrrr, catchinnn some raysss 
summer is so close! 
i will wait for you all summer 
@boilerfan_98 LOL I always liked the song..but it is growing on me even more now...I really hope he sings it this summer.. 
it smells like summer outside.  i dig it.
@alina_popescu - that song does sound like summer 
it's cool that summer will come soone !!!!!!! 
 ready for summer!
summer is almost here 
is playing N64!! Haha, how I love summer 
Drinking the summer away 
sooo glad its almost summer 
Enjoying summer 
loving summer o9 
@andyqsmith and you still are  hmmm i could just eat some summer pudding justnow
's summer has started 
so glad it's summer 
leaving for the summer...be back in august 
@smokeitgrandma We will make it happen at least once this summer 
ready for summer to be here. 
A summer stormm.  i love it.
@blakeberry33 blakeee! i hope your summer is going well!  how've you been?
is partyinggg! Yay summer!!!!!!! 
loving summer so far 
i am so very happy. this is going to be an incredible summer 
