Most common words for this cluster:
[('summer', 504), ('school', 68), ('spring', 53), ('day', 42), ('today', 39), ('winter', 30), ('time', 30), ('http', 28), ('quot', 26), ('tomorrow', 24), ('com', 23), ('weather', 22)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Summer', 0.9765380024909973), (u'Winter', 0.6717387437820435), (u'disco_diva_Donna', 0.644583523273468), (u'Spring', 0.632104218006134), (u'Fall', 0.6310905814170837), (u'WInter', 0.6159214377403259), (u'summer', 0.5984441637992859), (u'Seventeenth_Doll', 0.5981279611587524), (u'Swing_Into', 0.5926344394683838), (u'Elaine_Roxane', 0.5898916721343994)]





We've been good. I'm not liking the snow right now, was getting used to the nice Spring-like weather.  How about you?
@ArtemisIII Aw sorry to hear that!  I don't know what I'd do without jeans in Winter
@jmcesteves  I need something to help me transcribe several hours of interview during Summer time
@blackbarbie027 my entire college. They fucking lost my transcript now I can't attend in the Summer to catch up w/ my credits 
The honies let me sleep in til 8 today! I love Spring Break...too bad it's freezing 
Summer cannot come fast enough! Unfortunately, I don't think I've ever had more obstacles separate me from warm weather and relaxation! 
I swear our Spring Break went superrrrr fast 
There's a pretty sweet flea market goin' on down the street in some parking lot. Just started for the Spring/Summer. I wish I had money. 
The Spring Break blues have hit. I'm so bored I ran out of photos to manip and captioned tweets. 
Long day.  Last night of Spring Break 
Only one day left of Spring Break. 
@luvnewkids Theyre gonna be about 2 hrs away from me but I spent all my $$ on Spring concerts so I can't afford any more this year 
I'll post the anwser tomorrow which is the last day of Spring Break 
@nathenmckenzie Our seasons are opposite of yours, currently you're in Spring and we're in Autumn 
Mourning the end of Spring Break.....I don't wanna go back 
phew, back from Spring Harvest *sadface* and lots of work to do  still, Dweeb were awesomely rad! \m/
no messing around today...I NEED to finish my homework. Spring break is over 
not happy about the last day of Spring Break. 
Is extremely sad that Spring Break is coming to an end... 
@xoxojinni It's rainy here.. Spring is gone~ 
Up north with Summer on a sick ass road trip.  back to the bumbo clot tmrw...  
Dreading going to bed because Spring Break is over   I really don't want to go to work tomorrow.
@JakeTAustin lucky you, while i was getting up around 6:30am you had Spring Break!!  ...when does school end for you??
Its  raining and its cold outside.  Winter coats again. 
wanted to post Butch Walker's &quot;#1 Summer Jam&quot; but tweet fm doesn't have it.  #musicmonday
Summer Ann Rogerson is hurting, a cat scratched her  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6380006
@Dribb keep on smiling, even tho you have loads of essays  Day 2 of Summer Term @ School.... argh ..... 
Today is snowing again... where's Spring? 
@randompinkness @LewisBeechey I think it's Summer arriving &amp; the return of Hay Fever  I need a new inhaler.
just got back from Spring Fling!  very nice and great entertainment too!  and then the rain started!  
playing wizard101 without Autumn 
English Summer rain seems to last for ages... 
Summer was here but now it's gone! 
Roll on Summer! I want a holiday but I can't afford one  Two weeks and I have zero more exams!!!!!!!
Ugh.....Summer Exams Coming Up.....      Maths is worrying me!
hoping that Summer starts to feel better through out the day today and doesn't get sick all night again 
@fuzzy_panda17 It's Autumn by me.  *pouts*
Tired, thirsty, and watching ESOTSM until I fall asleep. Summer has began? 
Tired, thirsty, and watching ESOTSM until I fall asleep. Summer has begun? 
Last exam...3 days away!! Summer...a life time away! damn placement, its taking over 
Summer = work, school, vacations, and old  friends! except my best one just went back to illinois yesterday... 
Spring/Summer cleaning 
It's way too warm. Anything over 70 degrees is way too warm. I want Winter back 
Summer classes start tomorrow 
I don't like the Summer...Everyone who I love goes away 
Olympic Island Festival canceled??   Summer festival plans are rapidly going down the toilet...
Summer has never been this sad. 
@nata1y uh i know where he lives... we shot our Summer Lookbook there... man you dont know anything about me, u just want my kids 
Sunshine, music, and the friends. Summer (L) So...exam period be gone quick! Revision time 
Summer classes start tomorrow  atleast its just Jazz History
Its already sunday evening..tomorrow is school again.  Summer get here quick and thats an order!! 
Mhmh when the hell is Summer qettin here 
Lying in bed watching Last Of The Summer Wine.My throat feels like I'm swallowing glass and I feel like Lister with Space flu 
Boomers not going to the NBA Summer League anymore 
back home...it`s rainy and cold... i thought Summer was here 
@simsslovenija Awww that's too bad  Right now I have comments off because of spammers - will go open again in the Summer 
Winter has come!  Only, it's a rainy winter 
On my way to work..its a dreary lookin day  I'm hatin Spring
Summer Session starts today    Class from 3-9
Summer classes starting in ten minutes....3 hours a day...one classroom  pray for my attention span!
@lovehound lucky you! Summer vacations are amazing and I only have a week of them! (and I still have a month to finish school) 
Summer classes... start tomorrow 
It's so nice outside. 1 more exam and it will be SUMMER on this beautiful exam. Summer begins at 10:15 for me. French exam  havent studied
What a contradiction....   Summer in MIAMI = RAIN !!!!  
Summer is Over 
Summer seems to be over. 
Summer is about to end.  For some, it's just about to start. Hahah.
just got back from school.  SHEMMS!! Summer class has been officially ended.  http://plurk.com/p/wxsgy
excited for YSJ Summer Ball - I wish we had one too 
Summer is really ending. It's raining. 
Fall out boy are in my year book. but only @petewentz 
Summer makes me feel ugly  all the pretty people are out showin off their good genes  damn them to hell!!!
Oh..Summer begins..yay..  The fighting, Crying and stress has started with the kids..It's only been 3 hrs since they got out.
#justcause Summer Hours say our day ends at 1pm...doesn't mean I really get to leave at 1.  
@Fall_in_love aww me too!!!  we miss you.
Summer/ Yet I have to read 6 books.... 6 LONG books 
We took my little girl to Chuck E Cheese tonight along with her best bud. try to make nite before she leaves special! Summer visitation 
Summer school at UC Davis: Earning a quicker path to graduation but PRICEY! 
Summer hasnt been as fun as I thought it would be... weird O.o... i feels so boring.  
Summer is here and so are my headaches ! It makes no sense. you know, the kind that makes light hurt??? need to get my painkillers ready 
Summer sonic owns singfest09, damn it 
Summer Session I at Gtown starts on Monday! EEK 
It's the last night of Spring Awakening!  it's a sad day the west end loses such a great show!
Thoroughly enjoyed Spring Awakening today! truely incredible production,shame it's closing  i wish every cast member luck in the future.
would rather be at Spring Awakening. 
Summer 09 not going good 
@mduer I wish you were here...we're having salmon, steak, potatoes, spinach salad from trader joes, and Summer Shady... 
Summer Time Isn't Here  But here's my take on SUMMER. http://bit.ly/19h05J
Summer ball is the ish! Almost don't want to leave Uni now 
So, I am moving there in July, which is my Summer, but its winter there? I hope its not too cold 
This is the worst Summer ever 
I need to sleep early tonight. Summer's really fast, I went to the beach 1 time the whole summer! Not like our ordinary summer. 
 It tis the last the last day of Autumn!!! I don't want Winter!
@NB82 lol nope im housebound all wk til friday  then the weather changes  im hopin it holds out got Summer Ball on the Thames nxt monday
@groovychick3290 Aww man that's so gay  try and take an hr off here &amp; there. Summer ball will be amazing I'd say!
Autumn killed a baby bird. And now I'm sad 
@vampirefreak101 Katie! I couldnt read any reply of you!  I hope you had a good trip! Summer is here!!
Summer go away  baq 2 sleep.
Summer festivals must scramble for survival. I'm sorry mom-in-law, no Rose Festival.  That is really sad.  http://viigo.im/K2P
I've been out in the sun all day. I'm no lobster, but I'm still as pale as the stormtrooper helmet. Back to the Dove Summer Glow stuff 
This Is the first year in nine years that I'm not Playing Summer softball. I'm a little sad 
Covered in freckles. The only bad thing about Summer 
@Gsufrktc We don't play The Rocket Summer anymore....that is why....it is no longer on the playlist 
My asthma is terrible today!  I hate Spring. 
I'm mentally preparing myself for summer school  eh, lets call it Summer Camp for the Mind...it sounds better
Summer school starts tomorrow!!  
Summer school tm  but it will still be summer to me!!
@j_trotter  I am FoLLOWING YOUUUUU! LOL. sad I won't get to see you until hopefully Spring next year 
11.5 miles done this morning, I can't wait for Fall and Winter, I just don't run well during the Summer 
washing my clothes. Summer classes start tomorrow. 
I had such an amazing weekend!!!!!!  Summer class starts tomorrow 
Bumming around in Facebook! Last two chapters today and I'm free for my last week...  Summer is ending...
Summer now please I don't wanna sleep alone anymore 
Today 3 - 10 degrees.  Autumn officially over 
Summer insomnia.. 
Summer school starts tomorrow. Eww. 
Summer's almost over 
Bummer. Summer's almost over  It's quite boring now, actually.
Summer school at gweenbrier. Dont know my way aroundd 
Summer school at ACC. 
@stefibeee U need to help me with my &quot;problem&quot;. Summer's almost OVER  
Summer of checking out colleges back east for &quot;T&quot;. Graduating class of 2010... Holy shit!  
@leeannekenny I think this might be Summer 2009.  Enjoy before it gets cold, wet &amp; windy until May 2010.
Summer: I wish it doesn't end............... 
Working all week Booo       . YAY! Summer!!
Summer school  but at least phi &amp; I have class together
Summer TV sucks   Looking forward to bachelorette tonight and can't wait for SYTYCD to get down to the finalists but other than that...
Aww, not coming until Winter 2009 
Autumn is a long time to wait for the goodness 
Leaky, swollen eyeball.  Couldn't Spring/Summer be pretty &amp; green without all the dang pollen?!?  
got caught up and missed the gadget show and thanks to it being a Summer Special and named that in the TV guide, it wasnt recorded  damit
its hot. Summer weather 
I really sad.  The Gucci Spring/Summer sale starts today and I am broke.      www.gucci.com
Summer classes starts today 
is sipping on an earl grey tea with eucalyptus honey to try and make my throat feel better. Winter sux 
Winter is def' here aint it......that sucks 
Just heard that some attendees complain that they can't get into the Spring sessions to find out what's new in 3.0--they're all sold out 
doesn't feel good  THREE days left until Summer 2009&lt;3
Summer TV is in effect...somebody shoot me in the face please 
Summer school started today  Internship starts Wednesday  
Hey.....I need my full service  Summer is starting to bum me out!
@chirilas Winter is here  I'm frozen too!!!
@rachelhart ok  Probably better anyways since i am working on my Fall/Winter Collection right now...Pauls birthday is August 21st 
It sure doesn't feel like Summer here in Michigan yet. Woke up to a temp of 40 degrees! It's to warm to snowboard and too cold to bike 
Summer has a strange effect on me. I don't know why but when it's really hot, it triggers my migraine headaches. 
Is getting ready for fitness walking... Starts at 7:45. Summer classes are no fun.  
Summer, summer, summer.  Byeeeeee!
The weather is so ugly here in S.FLA. it has been raining for 14 straight days.  So far the Summer has been only wet not fun! ugh sigh 
Summer Jam is a no go for me 
I'm cleaning my room!  Summer vacation is so awesome right now!
Working for a school has some downsides. Summer = no work. I've been applying for months and no callbacks 
School starts in the morning. &quot;Summer Break&quot; was not very long 
Going to sleep. Summer school tomorrow. 
Trying to read a boring Fin doc for Summer Internship,,, 
Who stole our Summer.  There is a giant grey canvas where the blue sky and yellow sun was????? 
It's Summer... and I'm sick!!  xx
Today will be a great day. Summer Dance camp starts at 6:30 am. So you know how I feel.    SLEEPY
Summer school gym at 7:30  This summer is gonna be fantastic, and I'll love it.
Summer is finally here...but it is starting off being boring  make any plans?
The Hot Summer Tempatures have settled in. starting ot be up in the 100's for the weather temps  
http://twitpic.com/6obxb - Summer is cancelled. Fractured talus, in a cast for 6-8 weeks with NO weight on the foot. 
Bummed. Our Cinemark isn't doing the Kids Summer Movies this summer. 
The library is all set for Summer Reading Club and it's rainy and fifty degrees outside.  
@JoSmoke Just finished my errands and about to get on these cases once again. Summer school is no cake walk! 
Bummed that it's Summer Friday and the weather outside is totally crappy 
Kids are done with school! I have 2 days left to get everything smashed into the closet before Summer Camp invades my classroom. 
So Long, Sweet Summer. 
@futurelance and other friends... Summer class + camp = no fun 
Summer is so close but so far away.  Writing portfolio, biotech final, chem final.
I think we will be able to swim *to* the pool later this morning. Not a good forecast either &amp; Robin's playing outside tomorrow! Summer? 
Okay, I'm really starting to miss my purple hair! Summer come faster! 
nice to see Winter has arrived 
@joshhl :O you have Sims 3 .. I hate youuu  .. I am getting it for the long Summer ahead hahaa!
Just in newry...me and cat are going to buy a tent! Summer 2008 people! Its raining now though. 
Summer's over!!! huhu.. 
I wish I was going to Summer Jam tonight 
Summertime, but here it's raining cats and dogs  I'm freezing so much, that I can't bead!  ((((
Summer sucks so far 
Summer is here but I hate the rain 
Summer colds/allergies are the worst 
@trish0400 yup! Alex is not going on Summer Tour! Vid on  fod... I am sad! 
after this weird emmy news, i hope Summer will get her next Saturn 
Off to see Angels and Demons, then dinner with friends.. So much for hanging out in the nice Summer weather in Chicago. Cloudy and 60s 
Summer is almost here,yet i dont want it to be.Maybe cuz the i've gotten to know the seniors so well,Or cuz biggins isnt coming back. 
Working on friends computer..should be packing Seth for Summer just can't make myself do it 
Just watched Serenity (again !), was having withdrawal symptoms from Summer Glau now that T-SCC has been cancelled 
Summer 2009 Beach trend =cankles.  
Exhausted and achy. Looks like no Wet Hot American Summer midnight show for me  
Summer should not be cold; it's cold 
Summer's almost over. 
@richard4481 Being a lowly student, cant afford to buy any games at the minute - it'll probably have to wait until over Summer  Enjoy FF7?
I picked the winning horse in the Belmont  today! Summer wind was my 12-1 longshot pick. Too bad I didn't actually bet $$$. 
Needs Summer to come back 
@Missinfo Miss Info are you going to tweet from Summer Jam and let us know who the surprise guests are? I cant make it this year 
wishes she were goin to Summer Jam 2maro 
Summer jam tomrow still debatin on goin 
@veronicasmusic I wish I met you girls back in March @ Summer Jam  Just glad to have seen you live! Finally!
Another rainy day in Evesham. Another day for using the Turbo trainer.  Looking forward to the return of Summer! 
Theres a week left before Summer ends.  I am so not ready for HighSchool. :|
Raining here in Cambridge today  Oh for the return of Summer 
Aww wish i was at Summertime ball,  not fair lol  x
Summer Time Ball - I wish I was there 
is jealous of everyone at Summertime Ball today. really wanted to go... and i actually could've gone but got revision to do for exams! 
jealous of everyone at Summertime Ball today. really wanted to go... and i actually could've gone but got revision to do for exams! 
Getting press release stuff for Autumn already, thought it feels like winter today, where has the sun gone!!!! 
Summertime ball is today, and i'm not going 
Wishing i was at The Summertime Ball right now 
Yesssir! Back at it and still no Summer Jam tix! 
Still can't believe that Summer is officially over... 
@Hotnik203 .. I wish I was going ro Summer Jam too!!  
wishes she was at the Emirates today for the Summertime Ball ...im officially depressed...i guess the radio will have to do 
I wish i was at the Summertime ball! 
The vehicular drama continues: now the truck D borrowed is broken. So he has my car and I'm stuck at home on my last day of &quot;Summer&quot;. 
Summer &amp; its raining 
In a semi-state of sadness, I don't have Summer Jam tickets 
@ashp0rter @ashp0rter  I'm sorry you don't like it. You need to job hunt like right now though. Summer is here! Not many jobs out there.
I'm dumb mad I'm not @ Summer Jam!! @KbradHeFresh I think I'll cry if I hear Jay was there!  lol
Damn Summer Jam looks like its gonna be poppin I really wish I was in NYC right now 
Sick of studing  I'm gonna cry!! Summer where are u?
 wishing I could attend Summer Jam
@AaronRenfree aaron you have NO IDEA how jealous i am of you! wish i could be at the Summertime ball!  i hate revision and exams!
I guess everyone is at Summer Jam... NYC is dead 
Wish I had some money on the Belmont yesterday   Paid out 11:2:1  But I would have never guessed Summer Bird
I wanna be at Summer Jam 
I'll be so jealous of every &amp; any one at Summer Jam, if Jay-Z comes out &amp; shuts it down with DOA... 
@SongzYuuup I guess No Summer Jam 4 u!  ...Woulda been nice though...maybe next year
@tommcfly don't think like that, I was at Summer Time Ball today begging you to make a shock appearence! We miss you back home  x x x
Wish i was at Summer Jam 
Feeling kinda sick..  oh by the way recorded a pure BANGA with no other then mr. Emazin himself last nite. Summer hit 4 sure.
And they're fightin at Summer Jamz 
Summer is supposed to be fun, right?  How disappointing. 
I can't believe Space Mountain is closed for Summer!!  
Going to bed... Sleepy. School tomorrow.   4 more days of school until Summer!!!  Can't wait! =D
If there's anything I've learned from this Summer, it's that 6:40am is NOT a reasonable time to wake up at 
Summer school starts tmrw   fml.
Summer session starts tomorrow (although I don't know what time oh no)...goodbye sleeping in you will be missed 
@kleebaby0711 I miss you too boo!!!! Summer isnt the same with you and the staff 
Summer !! Don`t end yet.  but i`m excited for school. :&quot;&gt;
Summer is over 
Summer semester is going to suck and this legal ethical class will be the death of me!! 
Is The Summer Garden in Pieter closed for restoration already? Oh 
Summer is almost here and that means 10 hr work days  this is when being a nanny is not too fun.
is back home from school. Here comes the homework. :| (sigh) Summer is def over. 
Summer is so close. Just three more days and 5 more midterms. 
I love Zara's Spring/Summer 09 Collection - http://www.zara.com/#/en_GB/catalogue/woman/?id=1 - Pity it's not available in Aus 
So is that our Summer over then? Bucketing down out there and i had to trek to Post Office 
Summer summer summer!! But I don't wait for it.. What will I do when I won't meet with my friends too many? 
My Summer Report Card is back  x
I keep having reoccuring dreams about what the Fall semester will be like. This one was the worst. 
Summer... Vacation time.... That means if you need somebody then he is probably on vacation and no one could replace him 
Waiting for my train in Hannover. Of course, it's pouring.  Summer where are you?
@Bethlaaa It's crap, noone is hiring! Gave a CV to Costa, but I think he just felt sorry for me. I'm bored too, gonna be a long Summer. 
Up since 6 am studying, now to the boutique to study some more   Summer Session are so crammed with info!!!
I passed the last 4 Days in Summer just around 300 miles away - and home it is still raining.... 
I passed the last 4 Days in Summer (sunshine 24/7) in just around 300 miles away - and here at home it is still raining.... 
@bamtan The only good Summer is a short/wet one 
Summer Election 
mediocre run this morning .  Summer asthma and allergies  
@mickbetancourt We don't mean to be a pain, really we don't. We're just addicted to the show and crave information.Summer means reruns. 
@soulcrate no Soulcrate Summer? 
School...  Little Shop is Over...   Summer 
Ahh, the sound of band pratice by city hospital station. Summer is here 
Summer cold?  This really stinks! 
Summer school freaking sucks! I have a dick for a teacher and a weird dark kid hitting on me. And another teacher who looks twelve. 
Summer rain pffffffff 
Summer isnt the same 
ugg Summer Vaca and i have nothing to do 
Summer vacations are boring 
Summer school starts today 
Another school year winding down.  Summer use to last forever when I was a kid; now it flies by so quickly.  Getting old.  
Reading Dhana's &quot;check in&quot; message&quot;   But realizing that I won't see her much this Summer  
Hung out with friends. Going to study for history exam tomorrow. Long day. Summer soon. Friends are leaving. 
I wanna record more but I'm so tired :/ Summer's sucking so far,my California trip is getting delayed till I have no clue when!  SO BUMMED
I am bored and tired. Summer sucks so far. 
Summer school Is okey I guess gonna get  a personal tour of Fullerton high tomorrow 
So sleepy after a fun day at the water park! Summer vaca is stopped for 8 days due to a o so fun writing academy that I HAVE to go to 
I am really full and quite bored.  Summer started out really dank but is becoming less exciting  although gettin' baked yesterday was fun!
@ashleighv_83 Haha I love that you love SPN now! Hows that going? What ep. are you on? Summer is sad w/out it  glad I got Twilight lol
Lawn was closed at HBO Bryant Park Summer Film Festival because of the rain. Soaking wet and now sick. 
@emcmartin I wish I could be there for your Summer Solstice party too 
why is it so bloody expensive to get off this frigging island in Summer  If only we could drive away...
@AceyBongos no Sunshine since 1 Week here  maybe an Xbox....eeehm U.K. exclusive thing this Summer
No soccer today  I guess that gives me more time to study kanji. Fuck. Also, it's beginning to get hot out here in Kyoto. Summer heat :/
Summer courses suck  bored in class!!!
waiting for our new stock to arrive..... Summer without any trampolines just aint summer.. 
Corns, I got like four hours of sleep. Speech final, the sophomore year is over.  Summer! 
Look after a picture ! But I can't find it.. damn  ! Summer..Summer..Summer.. x3 xoxo
Just woke up, so tired. Summer school is not fun to wake up for. 
Greek time. YAY! But after I've watched this I won't have one TV show still airing. Summer hiatus sucks. 
Summer school  well my summer was fun while it lasted ha all four days hahaha!
Jeez I feel crappy today. Summer colds are rubbish 
Waiting for bus to come. Summer school starts today... 
Summer school sucks 
Summer school sucks 
Summer is over. 8am-10pm days have begun  
Summer makes you sooo tired! Sick from the sun yesterday. 
Gettin ready to head to school to plan for Summer school, which starts next week. 
Summer arrived the same time I did, sweatin' 
Dammit I should stop searching trending topics for A Winter's Tale... its too painful 
Summer vacation doesn't exist anymore for me. 
@aplusk Summer sports suck....  depressing time of the year for me too
Summer school math class 
@elliottschoolgw thanks for the shout out. we haven't updated that site in a while, though  I think it will be revamped in Fall.
R's percusion camp: done. Summer school BCIS: bring it on for today. I hate leaving camp early. 
Summer is so booring when everyone is hard to reach, by phone or msn, are they on vacation already? 
WTF is up with the weather? can i get some late Spring/Summer sun and heat please? and this humidity shit, my body hates it. i miss Miami 
list of &quot;saving up for&quot;: 1. New Piano. 2. Drivers Permit 3. Driving tests 4. Summer clothes. I need more jobs 
Fall asleep for 2hours den must wake up wan... 
Last day of 80degree weather. Summer starts in 4 days 
Summer reading 
Summer is sooo boring soo far... i have nothing to do!!! Nothing planned for my birthday tomorrow :'(  It's really pathetic 
Summer school is not fun  im tired of all this fucking work, and its cold
Summer sickness is the worst 
@alyssatoland Ugh I hate Summer Reading!  Lol, so did you get accepted into Global High?
Summer school is boring already  life just isn't exciting!
Misses little Winter....15+ years coming to an end tonight. 
Summer school just started and i'm procrastinating already 
Summer Travel plans are tough work. I should have researced more before booking flights. Hotel booking in Europe for 3-4 guests agh 
Summer semester is going to suck and this legal ethical class will be the death of me!! 
Summer holiday has just been a few days had to go to school more, dully! &lt;   &gt;
Summer holiday has just been a few days had to go to school more &lt;  &gt;
Oh I don't want to go to school! I have no free evening this week 'cause of stupid Summer Concert rehearsals 
A Rainy Day in Dublin  Summer come out come out wherever you are...????
The extended forecast has rain every day from 2morrow til next Tues -gonna be a tough start 2 E's Summer Vaca - lots of indoor activities 
@Joandrasi93  Summer colds seem to be the worst too.  
Summer school.  Really annoying teacher. 
@benjonesdj - except we arn't on GMY at the mo - its Summer ! - Doh ! 
@lindynicole preach on sister. Insomnia Summer 2009 
Summer school FTL.  waking up early hurts!
Finally Summer vacation! I will miss all mi bestie in da whole world  It's just 3 mon. but I still miss them. It's been 2 day allready!ILY
Summer school blows and i think i just failed my unit test 
@sfaba I totally just said that to julie! Summer weather fail. It says it's gonna rain 9 outta the next 10 days 
Better order your #stampinup Soft Summer card kit, soon. This stamp set is NOT in the new catalog  http://snipr.com/k6cok
I really ought to be heading to the @qype_co_uk Summer party, but bugs are keeping me in the office late. Any my back still hurts 
@HardyShowsYuk and @HurricaneHems -- you all near $3 a gallon yet? It's the pits!  Summer will probably see $4, ooooff. $70 for Xterra 
Summer reruns really get me down. 
Today was.. pretty damn terrible. Summer school sucks. Foreigners suck. Walks home hurt. Old people suck. No time with boy sucks 
Hawk Nelson's Summer EP isn't available on their site anymore.. 
@reedkins Summer school? OUCH  (Text me?)
The lack of quality television programing to watch in the Summer months is wholly depressing and sucky 
@NKOTBSummertime Oh Summer   I am so sorry 
Missing my v2.0 mini me around the house-I thought teen girls were supposed to be difficult? Summer came and she disappeared! 
Winter Festival - ice skating has sold out...   http://www.nextsevendays.com.au
being sad at no sound on Autumn's computer  haha
Hates the rain. Summer please hurry and come backkk 
Summer is here but where's the sun?!? 
Summer soccer practice is lammmmmeee 
received super news - Hot Summer Deals on video games, game consoles &amp; game accessories. Ready to upload page &amp; find, my server is down. 
Summer gym here I come 
@holdfast1979 Darn. I was blissfully ignorant until you tweeted that. Summer vacation trapped in house. Perfect. 
Swisscom is installing Fiber to the Home near my building but it won't be active before Summer 2010 
Summer school starts today which means i start babysitting for the gustas family. I really dislike babysitting 
Summer government SUCKS 
It doesn't feel like summer, when the rain is pouring down  Summer holidays, yay!
Is the weather ever going to be nice in Chgo? Winter will be back before summer ever gets here 
@angelajames Waiting for Spring by @rjkeller http://tinyurl.com/kq4pkb and...the other one isn't in E at all. 
Summer colds going around the north east,, I have it. 
http://twitpic.com/7pfde - Oh, how I miss last Summer... I need a pool... 
I'm so tired of this heat already, and it's not even officially Summer yet 
We need something exciting to do today!! Summer is too short 
is revising. And gonna go fetch little sis in a bit. Come on Summer  BBQ on the park on the 27th hopefully  xx
@formfireglass Same here!! Summer, huh... 
I wonder if it's ever going to stop raining. Summer...bummer! It's ALWAYS sunny on my bday, but they're forecasting rain for Sat 
We're being robbed of Summer with all this rain 
doesn't like this rainy day for Bonnie's first day of Summer vacation. Now she'll be stuck in the house. 
Ahhh...im gonna miss this place till Fall semester!... 
Ahhh! Go away rain!  Summer holidays sooonnnnn  Gina's party on saturday and shopping spree on sunday woooo!!!!
Summer school equals  but also $$$.
The sun hasn't been very fond with us ...  Summer has lost her shine.
@chrisdalejunker Cool!  An Obair?  We need to get something going on a sched for fall.  Summer's too busy for us. 
Summer vacation means babysitter gets more money means I have less means longer wait for new toys mean less happy me means 
I really miss Billy all of a sudden. I'm gonna cry  i'm also depressed that Spring Awakening is no longer on  theatre 
@LaloHovis Crazy night?  I was drenched, too, but it was in SWEAT! Summer nights without air conditioning... 
Summer Vacation  but I miss him already 
Summer just began and im already borded!!! 
Summer, where are you?! 
@AlexBert00 uugh I know... Summer weather is gonna suck in new York this year 
Summer is finally here. Mid-80s today. Supposed to get hotter. 
Where is the SUN?!?! This summer is not a Sunny Summer in NY   
Summertime, but where's the sun 
This holiday sucks! Worst Summer holiday ever...and only 1 week in...I want to go back to Uni/Cardiff 
Summer sucks sometimes... No good TV.  All repeats 
Sooooo sick... Summer has been laaame so far 
@karma_musings Winter was bad, this is worse 
Blahh. Summer=FUN &amp;&amp; i`m not having any 
Summer Heights High quote ... I think? He does say 'fuckit' a lot right? If so then: FUCKITTTT. 
Winter's Festival will be horrible this year 
The cold front back again. Summer is gone, at least for a while 
Summer school tommorrow morning  rob Thomas rocks!
Summer is so soggy 
It's Midnight Summer Party in Finland, but guess who's the lucky dude that has morning shift tomorrow. No drinkin' today. 
Early birds get the first sunray powers... well no sun in sight yet...Summer come back! 
Does anybody know what to do against a dozen of FLIES in my living room? Summer isn't back but the insects are 
Summer class homework  Drinking tea  Listening to @jonasbrothers &lt;3
Hey @songzyuuup you shouldda came to Summer Jam Boston!!!   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
@geraldineeliot  That's awesome, if you were my Summer school teacher it wouldn't be a bore I'm sure! It's cold here!!! 
Did someone block the Summer on earth??? WTH??? 
@citySeducti0n I'm around. Summer school isn't letting me out much these days.  &lt;3 Love you!
No Rafa  Summer officially over. Wedding tomorrow - fully accessorised in coral.
Summer starts oh boy how lame in a weird out mood 
this rain is draining me of ALL motivation   Dear Summer, why are you standing us up?!?
@Summer_fro sadly orange wednesdays doesnt work for imax  @lenatea dont you need to be a student to use student ID?! i smell benefit fraud
http://twitpic.com/7uksq - Summer weather 
Holaaaaaa @kateyy__ ! Remenising about Summer Pops is upsetting isnt it? I miss that night in L'poo wiv our boys!  
How many &quot;Outdoor Summer Weddings&quot; do you think have been ruined due to this crazy weather? 
Summer school starts next week  - about to leave work hehe weekend!!
I am getting ready for a week at the beach.  Maybe my only vacation this Summer 
Picked up a bag of hot limon cheetos at the store and instantaneously had a deep missing of Autumn. 
#webOS: no SDK till the end of Summer ? 
@dannysullivan  Fridays will be like this  until the Fall 
Was looking forward to the #CUFreeThinkers Summer Solstice party tonight, but couldn't go due to storm 
I think I might be getting sick. Summer colds are THE worst! 
@slurpeegirl Summer=accidents=very sad. There was that accident last week outside planet nissan. now the one outside the hospital. 
@AaronFenn i read that... i cried  oh btw, wanna go see 500 days of Summer??? i dont know anyone else that would wanna go see it
i guess there is no such as #Summer in #Germany! 
Summer solstice? Really? It's not sunny enough 
Disappointed by the Summer Exhibition at the Royal Academy 
already June 20th!?!?! Summer is flying 
jus really waking up its ashame but hey I had a rough night...chillin w/ my mom for a lil while...omg its so not Summer here the weather 
Its f'n 102 in lv...ugh! Summer has officially arrived 
@parecia Because tomorrow is summer solstice so its gets darker earlier by around a minute per night until British Summer time ends. 
Summer 09' . saying bye was harder then i expected... Watching your picutres made me cry so much.  miss you guys soo much.
Winter solstice.  Basketball practice canceled  So, I'll just have to take Aiko for a walk instead - at least, she's super keen and bouncy
Breaking news!! The sun retired.. Yup, that's right folks.. Summer is flooded over, summer is cancelled.. Details @ 11.    daaaahhhh
Wow... Summer is really repetitive... To bad ash ash can't chill. Parents can be so &quot;ugh&quot; sometimes...  http://twitpic.com/7yix1
@hemantmehta Doing well, lots of sleeping in (yay Summer!) and reading. We need an active skeptic's group here 
Summer school on monday. well this is what i get .. 
Summer starts when I say so... I want food from canes now 
Blonde Redhead - &quot;Spring and By Summer Fall&quot; gives Matthew Dear &quot;Deserter&quot; a run for most depressing song laurel. Nihilism + guitars = 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/7rg4u - sigh........... How i miss Summer  (glad 2 c u're still enjoying it though)
greetings from Westerwald from fathers Bday (66). The weather is not how we call it &quot;Summer Time &quot; 
@juhidee119 Summer there right? Summer here was way rainy.  And yes, darn Global Warming &amp; Climate Change. (
@pinktank1 no me in the UK, just wired last night - feeling it today though  and to you a joyful Summer Solstice 
@jnoelbell I know.  Depressing.  Summer passing by quickly.  Endless winter soon.  
knows it is officially Summertime....my little guy has a mosquito bite on his forehead and cheek 
... Summer solstice. Not that its a bad thing, but i just happen to not like this day. And unfortunately, its june 21st every year..  sigh
Summer Solstice today...the sun's nowhere to be seen though 
Yas! Summer sale prep! I just can't wait!  x x
Canot wait for T4, shame McFly arent playing  Summer '09: my birthday, cocktail party, t4, free house, spain!!
Winter is officially here...  
@christybobo There is no such thing as FunDay in Summer School... 
Summer work 
There are only 2 things I dislike bout Summer. 1) summer jobs  2) ANTS! ( lol have a happy summer!
feels overwhelmed &amp;it's Summer. Not good. Ughhh 
Summer school es no bueno when you don't know anyone 
@DonnieWahlberg What about L.A.?  I still think u guys should add a date @ the Hollywood Bowl!! Summer concerts @ the Bowl are the best!
Pretty exhausting day. Summer school for the rest of the night. 
@secretlion you are right, it's just alittle sad that before Summer gets chance to show itself, the nights are getting longer 
@TweetaMe I have 290 entries now. But Molly and Autumn were there all day yesterday cleaning up. I had no idea he was doing it yesterday! 
@autumnbouk Awww... Autumn, that makes me all sad again. 
Summer is going better 
Just found out I can't go to Warped this Summer. I'm getting my wisdom teeth pulled the day before. 
Summer is a third of the way over 
Hoping my neice feels better soon. Summer is NO TIME to have a broken arm 
I can't deny it any more, I am sick   Adalyn and I both have bad colds.  Summer colds are the worst!
Someone just brought in advance screening passes for the new Zooey Deschanel movie &quot;500 Days of Summer&quot; and I can't go because of work 
Summer jobs are great,I get paid, but I am tired as shit when I come home 
just spilled red energy drink down my brand new white The Summer Set shirt. ahhh 
Summer is to enjoy the nice #square sun and the nice #square weather not doing laundry and vacumming  I  love u #squarespace. !
Summer isn't as fun as I thought it would be.... 
Summer insomnia sucks!! Wish i could fall asleep at a decent hour like a normal person  Clearly I'm wide awake...
Watching tv, getting sleep. Summer school tmr  Not feelin my best right now, for some reason.
The start of my Summer isn't going very well. I hope it'll get more interesting &amp; less confusing.  
what the fuck!!!! they closed &quot;Spring Awakening&quot; in the west end! i wanted to see that one this year! 
@BiblioBrat I couldn't find one when I was looking, &amp; other had seatbelt cutter - we need to spread the word on 'em! Summer heat kills 
Summer hollidays &lt;3 Will miss you all 
One more day of Summer Session 1!!! Summer Session 2 starts Monday 
Going camping soon. Summer is SO boring so far. I need a car!! 
Hey @pcwoessner have to leave   back to work.   (Summer PD 09 live &gt; http://ustre.am/3mgf)
@SilkDark i dont know because I got it through the Y.E.L.L. Summer Program and you had to apply for it in May so I think its too late 
outside doesn't look like a Summer day 
@jonesin4cali nope...that why I said I &quot;wish&quot;. Picadilly was bulldozed (a house built in 1917) the Summer of 2007 if I'm not mistaken. 
http://rapidshare.com/files/218348030/Summer_CD_2009.zip.html A mix i made if you want to listen to some new-ish indie pop/rock stuff 
Had an amazing time at The Summer Set! 
Wearing my crocs for the 1st time of the year, without socks... Summer is on the way. 
Happy days. Summer is here   http://twitpic.com/2y6p2
@luiserpa things are good - Spring is making me restless though..... 
@jakesherlock I really just want it to be Spring and warm all the time instead 
wOOt!!  finally able to open the windows and air out the house!!  Spring is close, I can feel it!!  
What a lovely day. I love Spring 
@Summer223 hey!! didn't know you had a twitter! 
@auditorycanvas BTW, still getting emails and Tweets from people who dug last week's Summer Rain Recordings show 
http://twitpic.com/3j4h7 - Spring has come to georgetown 
Listening to Spring Awakening songs 
Alaska In Winter, sounds like a great band who will hopefully become popular. They played at SXSW this year, listening to them now 
Is having the amazing lunch at Summer Sault 
If today's what Spring had to offer so far, I can't wait for the Summer! 
@sundaycosmetics it's a crisp and beautiful day. Autumn is stunning 
I actually like using twitter as a venting resource.  I hope you all dont mind my wild postings.  Summer in Miami wont be the same...   
It's a beautifull sunday.  Spring time. yeah 
I've just noticed that I've built up a collection of t-shirts over the years, I'm one step ahead of the Summer clothing dash apparently 
That was a negative tweet... Deep breath/ mixed emotions/ hot breezes... Summer came like cinnamon, so sweet... 
My knees about gave out but it was brilliant nonetheless!!! Spring is in the air!!!  At least today 
Kids Bowl Free All Summer  http://tinyurl.com/djgltn  Now THAT's cheap entertainment!   What will you buy with the $$$ you save?
@PursuitBrooke Are you more of a Summer person? I am loving the dull, cold weather  #centralcoastnsw
I'm planning a trip 2 London dis summer. I'm lookin 4 an Acting  and Songwriting Summer Course or Workshops...Any suggestions? Thanks! 
That's what Summer is all about. The Sun, BBQ and copious amounts of Alcohol  Sweet
Mondays are okay - I'm glad Spring is here but my sinuses are paying the price... oh well.  
It feels like Summer's here! and so, a summer song... http://tinyurl.com/5q4sdy 
21C today?!!? where did Spring go?!?! it's freakin' Summer outside! 
MelanieFresh27 Wow Winter... bummer  Love Summer!  haaa haaa  Have a Good Day 
I love Spring&amp;Summer, everything tastes,smells,seems,looks better!! Come planet Earth change it to 24/7 SummerTime 
Morning! Spring is in the air  getting ready for a new day.
Hectic, but accomplished week!   Dreaming about an awesome Summer's Vacation! Ahhhhhh........   
Just got home... Long but fun day tomorrow  Finally done with Spring Semester!
Summer plans  Internship, painting class, SMP, visiting people, maybe some volunteering. Just need some place to live, hm.
@developit Winter approaches 
just woke up!  Anarbor &amp; The Dangerous Summer at 4!
One project left to turn in, and two finals left.  Summer in Budapest is a great reward!! 
@riandawson actually, We Say Summer 
Summer! - I'm officially opening the pool-season right now  http://twitpic.com/4gy5r
@BLESSMCFLY it's called Summer Lovin 
http://twitpic.com/4hi5r - 4/24/09 Ruby Summer again 
Summer sundays @ candellight 12pm - 12am 
@DaniAlberti I used to love Mark McGrath too! But that's the same day as Summer Jam and @bradfriedman is taking me! 
Blake, the ping pong player and Summer, the ducky girl are mine  Birthday girl is my niece, Corinne.
'Even Angels Fall' &lt;---I love that song  its oldish but I still love it  It's pretty
Should be sleeping, but forgot to note how super stoked I am that I was asked to teach my summer classes again in the Fall!! 
@ursulas I thought Legends of the Fall is a great movie. 
@freosan Whee. Summer. Plotting time, too. 
Get: &quot;Fightstar - Mercury Summer&quot; here: http://tinyurl.com/dbm4n6 from: http://tinyurl.com/cnkhev  #musicmonday #freemusic
LOVING the hot weather forecast for the rest of the week!!!!  Summer is almost heeeeere 
Ugh Final Exam today....Ready for my Summer to start. 
waitin for some Fall out boy 
Summer is finally here! Graduation in a week! 
@KevJaffray you too!  Cloudy day here in Madrid, typical Spring day
@pcsketch There is a motorcycle for sale down the road. Mind you it'd be stupid of me to get it. Summer 5 months away. 
@euan Google says it's &quot;Summer Madness&quot; by Kool &amp; the Gang -  http://twurl.nl/6ucyq6 (spotify link) 
Hanging down town Tallinn at viru keskus. Summer city of the world 
#Trail running can be tricky sometimes. Summer time, I have got 2 worry about poison Ivy &amp; oaks! Gonna keep Technu handy with me 
ASLO, I am DONE with school for the spring semester!  Summer semester begins tomorrow, LOL! 
Can life get any better than this?  Summer come soooon! &lt;3
Summer starts in 13ish hours weee i cant wait for this weekend 
Loving Summer 
Omg finally done!!! Crossing fingers now!! Summer here I come!!! (For two weeks at least 
http://twitpic.com/55a6j - I think my Summer is going to be a bit made of win, Y/Y? 
@tittsworth Just heard about Blisspop Presents D.C. Summer Extravaganza 
Now that I'm officially on #Summer #Vacation, its time to conduct a few #Social #Experiments 
Summer!! Your finally here. I've waited so long for you....this better be good 
I'm so fucking tired of school already! Summer's already here in my mind 
Is thinking a lot lately. College, ASL, Summer!, majors. Three more days. 
finally going to bed after a super long day. Meeting Donna Summer tomorrow, can't wait! goodnight 
working on my final project on &quot;mommy blogging,&quot; then I get to go home tomorrow! Summertime 
Read more books http://tr.im/lAIm via @dragongrrrr! I luv this pic! I will print it in A2 for my bedroom. Summer is coming 
Listening to some Summer Set! 
About to fuckin sleep. Another week of HELL. I just wanna graduate already :/ Summer you are almost here 
@Sc0opz Yes, seems it's only going to get worse nearer Summer as neighbours open sheds and garages. Just ordering a cat tracking device 
Loving the new Falcon Scribble CK boxer, if this isn't the perfect piece of Summer underwear there ain't one  http://bit.ly/6BfyD
I still have not taken off my swimsuit. Summer I can feel you creeping in. 
Just filled out my first 12 pages of MDA Summer Camp application! Only a billion more to go! 
Summer camps in Spain! Come and learn spanish  www.enfocamp.com
Goodmorning rise &amp; shine it's coffee time only 4 1/2 days left of school for Tiffany then the Summer fun begins I love having her home 
@simsslovenija Awww that's too bad  Right now I have comments off because of spammers - will go open again in the Summer 
Winter has sunk in, the temperatures are dropping fast in SA 
Last final! Summer, here i come. 
@saritaonline Don't understand the weather we're having. Summer's suppose to be over but it's uber hot. 2hrs lang tuyo na sinampay ko. 
It's the last of school for my kiddos!  Yay... Summer is here! 
@mcflyyerr Haha oh dear its so embarrassing lol. I'm going to Summer Pops in Liverpool. 
oh yeah  @albynomonk: &quot;Summertime and the livin's easy...&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~6swn8
@nateb007 Don't say sleet, please. Winter is the enemy. 
Summer interns started with us today. Both are new to Macs, a lot of things to learn for the first day 
Summer time grind working 2 jobs.. 9- 12... enjoy your day peoples 
@SimoneKali Dear Summer, I hate you.  I miss Winter. 
@photojack I suppose Fall is a good time too, ppl back from hols? 
Kewl - it is raining outside and our Summer has end 1 week in advance with the Monsoons hitting us  hurray!!
What a great week! Perfect weather. I'm out today to two closings and one listing appointment. Spring has sprung! 
Oh la la-- we're SO close to the kick-off of Summer!  Just a few hours of work and then off to the Hamptons   YEA!!!
Fall out boy is looking pretty damn sexy right now 
Aglaia Summer Ender Party is ze bomb. 
last day of school!! whoohoo!  making a Summer vision board with my kids this weekend so we visualize our goals/plans ;)
Maury &amp;&amp; Breakfast  I &lt;3 Summer!
Looking forward to Volvo Ocean Race coming to Galway this weekend. http://ow.ly/8zfk First of many Summer festivals to enjoy 
woo hoo, referrals coming in for weddings in Summer 2010, gotta love it 
@faithgoddess7 I love the outdoors...but mostly in the Spring and Fall. Not too cold or too hot... 
This is for Autumn!  ? http://blip.fm/~78nsm
Summer are coming !!! Can't wait  Summer Dream - TVXQ
Hey #glee fans, brand new preview for Fall! http://bit.ly/z3tA3 
Summer is amazing already 
just got back from school.  SHEMMS!! Summer class has been officially ended.  http://plurk.com/p/wxsgy
That seems a long time ago.. in fact it is more than a decade  @mrshananto Panasnya kayak Perth Summer1998... 40degrees...
