Most common words for this cluster:
[('summer', 1348), ('winter', 84), ('classes', 70), ('day', 68), ('vacation', 66), ('spring', 64), ('school', 52), ('days', 48), ('time', 48), ('break', 42), ('weeks', 33), ('lol', 32)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'summer', 0.922203540802002), (u'spring', 0.7420079112052917), (u'winter', 0.7250427603721619), (u'summertime', 0.6965619921684265), (u'summers', 0.6658653616905212), (u'Groundhog_predicts', 0.6425676941871643), (u'weekend', 0.6361956000328064), (u'autumn', 0.6272841691970825), (u'week', 0.6262428760528564), (u'springtime', 0.6253905892372131)]





Anticipating a slow empty boring summer 
That was it folks, spring's gone and winter is back...it's snowing outside 
@Wonginator i wish i was on spring break... 
It's too cold for spring 
being sick really sucks!  Especailly since this is like the 4th time this winter...(ok its spring, but you'd never know!)
being sick really sucks!  Especailly since this is like the 4th time this winter...(ok its spring, but you'd never know!)
The winter is back !! and I hate it 
Of course winter came back and I can only find one mitt 
why is it cold out? I thought I could put my winter coat away for good 
Wishing for spring temperatures.....had to break out the winter jacket today 
its not like spring out there is snow 
@deathburlesque same here, love! summer cannot come fast enough! I miss you terribly!  I'm sorry you're sick! *hugs*
trying to enjoy my last momento of spring break. 
@montefontaine yeah I did, I was a slacker over the winter &amp; gained 15 of the 50 pounds I lost since starting to work out, so ashamed 
the only bad part about spring &amp; summer: bug bites/stings. 
I am officially finished for the winter season 1 more week of snow 
It's summer outside and I can't enjoy it because the devil is ravaging my insides 
@neilhughes1 Obviously it's something that turns the joys of spring into  in seven hours.
spring break is almost over  very ready for tonightt!
ugh. losing friends was not on my list for spring break. 
The heat is over... its now raining on summer days... too bad, I can't attend to my spa treatment... 
is feeling so hot  i hate the winter...
i can't wait to go to fontana this coming weekend! though i'm feeling a little scared because i already have summer classes by then. 
@ehrennoel  i miss summer 06 too. soooo much. i talk about it all the time and how it was hands down the BEST summer of my life.
tons of homework, spring breaks over 
Wish time would go faster and it was the summer hols... 
feels like summer is already slipping away 
blehh. i dont wanna go back to schooooool  5/6 weeks-ish till summer holidays though. XDDDDDD
is not so happy spring break is already just about over.  
winter is near  it's getting so so so cold..
winter is near  it's getting so so so cold...
alas, i remember the promise of summers 07 and 08 - offered so much early on, only to be an overcast-filled few months of &quot;summer&quot; 
So upset that spring break is like over 
Only a few hours left of spring break... 
spring break is over  it's back to work
spring break is over  back to school 40 days tilll summer
A snow again, why? Where's russian spring? 
@PandaMayhem eh. I'll miss out on a lot this summer. 
I've been busy, but spring break is over, so I'm about to go to class 
I'm lovin this pre summer sun but I wish I was the one out there enjoying for a change 
I can't wait for exams to be over and done with...even though summer will suck up here cause I have no car 
spring break why did you leave me? 
Is it a sign of old age when one begins to abhor warm/hot weather? Because that's me. Right now. I've come to hate spring and summer 
@Darzys just someone i met last summer that left, &amp; i haven't heard from them since  i'd rather not talk about it.
@isajoy haha i hear ya! i wish it was the middle of summer here 
@PrincesssRosiee me too  we will all hang out soon im going to sleep over soon i cant wait till summer dog !! Haha
@kayleemarie2006 haha - sorry  you should plan a trip over the summer! :-P
2 more weeks of hell, then summer 
@JustForSneaks07  I hate summer tho.
so.freaking.cold! i miss summer 
love the sun, summer clothes, bbqs and happy faces but not the fact that i can't sit outside and make the most of it 
I'm learning to love this summer. Haha  And I'm afraid it's going to end in a snap 
the warm summer days are back! Yay! But so are the endless insect splatters on the windscreen 
summers almost gone 
It's such a nice day, I would sit outside to work - but the winter destroyed the parasol in the garden.  
why is it so damn hard to find a summer job!! 
waiting for that $75000 to land in my lap so that I dont have to graduate...ever. excited for summer but totally not ready to grow up 
@rosa418: lol, sounds awesome! I'm so ready for summer! Right now I just have projects and tests 
I hate summers wid wapda 
wth! have a sneeeze in the summer sun 
summer = boring! no outside activities. 
@mellydazo you like that place? i thought it was boring  but yaa we should def. make plans to go out sometime.. this summer! =D
will hafta cut down on the clubbing once summer-job-employed  how heartbreaking
38 days til college. still havent gotten to the beach yet. is it summer? is it still summer? 
@weirdbutawsome coool. you're going fishing and swimming  its summer here and i haven't done any fishing [if there is here] or swimming 
Looking for a summer job 
Taking amer gov and econ during the summer.. yay 
Really should be studying and packing ...but hanging out with friends b4 we leave for the summer 
I'm cooooolllld as  damn winter
@mrhendricks just told me he didn't love me anymore...and that he wouldn't miss me over summer...  maaan lol
felt a twinge of depression stowing away sunscreen till next summer 
is home and can now officially focus on her workout w/o having to worry about classes and finals...till her summer session starts 
@michaelajayne aw man i wish i could have gone  lets all go to warped next summer y/n?
Wait for summer guys. 
@KimmySzeto I was supposed to be home in a few weeks, but I got my job back so I'm staying for the summer 
@northernrach aww.. means i wont see you guys again before the summer 
one more day of break before summer classes  movies &amp; relaxin all night.
Wishing I could go on summer traveling tours. 
I'm ready for summer break. 
@joeymcintyre no shows for me either this summer  Bills suck!
@stephspencer i wont even be on the cruise  just summer tour
I hope there will be seats left for my summer classes reg date is all late 
tired! sleepy...why can't i fall asleep  lol
i miss this summer, where all i listened to was panic at the disco. i want them to go on tour soon 
I already get Mondays off on my school timetable D: I feel cheated  and I have another 5 weeks till I'm on my summer hols... life is hard!
had to cancel all appointments  caught spring  flu.... will stay at home and study hip joint..
it's rainining....    was all nice and sunny yesterday, but now it's awful... bring on summer, like, now!!!
I'm probably going to be stuck here this summer... No ny... No marbella 
I'm kinda jealous that my boyfriend gets to have a summer, doesn't have to wake up early, or has to go to work ...  not fair at all
really hate summer class,, not learning anything at all 
misses college days, and 3-month summer vacations. 
I have been eating too much cheesecake lately..  where art thoust summer? why hath thoust forsaken me?
the white loop doesn't run during summer session. and the blue loop doesn't run on weekends during summer session. wtf. 
is wondering where the summer's gone 
I'm going to miss the quick's coffee this summer. 
@robMhowe oh that sucks, when will we hang out??!!  are you taking summer classes or working camps or something?
the one person i may have actuallyliked is gone for the entire summer 
@binncheol I'm sorry  I think I borrowed it off someone and they didn't have the second... I'll read over the summer 
It's raining again. It's summer... could there be another tropical depression? 
@MmmBaileys was iincluded in tour cull?? culled like a lamb in spring?? 
@nolanross hate summers 
last day in newport until summer. 
anyone want to fund my research this summer? 
@katiekates91  you have all summer! if your friends are anything like mine it'll be one of the best summers of your life.
im scared i may not be on dance team after my spring semester grades are seen 
@starringbuttons poor bb  at least you'll get it back in the summer...
4 classes and 3 finals until freedom!!! Cannot wait for the summer. Not looking forward to all the work but I know I need too 
sad i can't see too $hort in the hometown this summer 
Vacation part of summer = over for now. 
Just relaxing...getting bored and hating the summer heat.. 
I think the dbacks have moved from underperforming to just being plain lousy... it's going to be a long summer 
overhearing people talk about their summer holidays, me wanna... 
@shaunmichaelb oh.... our summer break's almost over 
starting to miss summer already 
It feels like the middle of summer it's so hot here...oh no..it's just a flash 
hating american politicsssssss and the 15 pages i have to write til its summer 
eating spaghetii. then i have to go to school.  just 4 more weeks and summer holiday is hereee
We're excited about the summer season of shows, but not about the current state of summer weather 
ugh, gotta find a new summer class to graduate! current one my be canceled 
hello all can anyone tell me were the sun has gone i now ilive in ireland but hey  we need sun to we only have a summer a few days a year 
hello all can anyone tell me were the sun has gone i now i live in ireland but hey we need sun to we only have a summer a few days a year 
- hates the summer only cz. it gives a hardcore tan on arms and face 
hmmm...so it looks like summer has left us..... 
While I'm indeed happy for everyone beginning summer, for me, sadly summer only = more business at work.  Still, I want to go swimming!
finally bought the books for summer classes. yay  delzer
@kimbus2000 you really should come. cause i don't think i'd be able to come up for a visit this summer 
@ilsepla I love all her songs actually.. wish I could see her this summer.. she isnt even coming close 
@MsJuicy4 sorry B  we got the whole summer to chill!
false alarm with the blonde...  wasn't enough time.  will have to wait until summer.  
has only four more days in boston with @jeannieanline. how will i survive a summer without her? 
So frustrated with everything right now  and so nervous for summer..
@stefaniegaynor Ah!! I meant to call you tonight  We'll have to make our summer movies list to find the optimum visiting time.
needs to go and buy a spring coat 
I have two more days of freedom. Then the summer semester starts. 
i want summer break 
@derricklight I know.  No summer freedom for me.
Going swimming with bobby! Last day of summer break 
I'm so bored I'm watching last of the summer wine 
http://twitpic.com/5d8yc - i love summer! i'd move somewhere hot, but those little lizard guys are scary 
Sadly... I may have to get a summer job 
karen just left......disappointed she decided to go somewhere else for the summer 
Doing homework...summer courses are not very much fun 
feeling very restless. and a summer with no plans isn't really helping 
@SPNobsessed31 that sucks for you, although i'd trade places with you in no time. i love the rain. it's too hot here  i hate the summer
planning the summer with tara  i think im getting the flu  rough stuff
just saw a tweet that the summer tour is similar if not same line up as fall/spring.. ohhh i so hope that they throw in a few surprises 
goin to bed...monday came sooo soon  ready for summer already!! 25 school days till summer....
Already missing my boyfriend!  This is going to be a tough summer!
revolutionary road...depressssing..summer classes start tomorrow 
winter uniform         
Struggling with two summer projects at the same time 
@CarlosAcosta I don't know how you guys do a whole summer of this heat!! I'm such a wimp!!! 
 it's dress up week again.. i hope this is the last.. it's summer guys... not the time to dress up...i'm now going to the office..
@jiminthemorning Where is this nice decent long summer we are predicted damn it?! 
tomorrow's 24 double will signal the start of the summer TV drought  no more decent tv for months!
Wants a summer break! 
I wish I got a summer break! 
@snoozerd Yes, most of the weeds are gone! The desert was really beautiful. I will miss it this summer. 
hates that in a few days, classes will start na. :| goodbye summer.  http://plurk.com/p/uik79
right after exams i have to start my ecdl, get another summer job and do some sort of course 
@suziperry No it's definatley not summer here  - It's raining!
Oh its so cooold ! I want summer summer summer ! And i missing my boyfriend soooo much... 
@getbendernow whoa say what? no bfd? thats a summer tradition! 
@RealHughJackman summer plans? we r heading into winter down under  time with the family nothing better, enjoy!
Getting ready for the first day of summer classes.....I am so excited to be going..... 
@chw88 goood luck this afternooon... whens your last exam? they do suck huh...  just got to think of the awesomeee long summer.
summer classes blow 
@bassoon220 yeah  but it was great, have you started summer classes yet?
@stassi_x try nannying- definitely BANKKKK. i wouldve made 8 to 11 G this summer 
where is the sun... daft summer 
no small group for the summer 
This is wayyy too early to go to class in the summer 
@mark0121 It was like...or copy now as last option, or study all summer long this damn subject, and finally I will study all the summer 
is so so so tired at work!! lunch break!! then summer classes begin &amp; i'm taking three this summer!! not exciting! 
NO temple shuttles run during the summer 
@love_primaDONNA lucky i have two more weeks left  lol. but cool what are you going to do this summer?
day 1 of my  3 summer classes  MERRRR.
Completely underestimated the number of commuters taking summer classes. Starting off the day late 
3 weeks till summer!! Unfortunately that means I have finals between now and them 
No summer vacations this time arnd 
i hate people in the northern hemisphere! summer holidays for those losers 
like over half way through with exams. i want summer bb. 
@jordanknight wish I was seeing those new routines this summer but prob won't be unless the dates down south r rescheduled 
I'm so sick of being sick! I don't want to miss another summer 
planning on how to spend the last two weeks of my vacation..i don't want the next semester to start yet.  haha. 
@sarahdessen we still have our winter coats on 
lazy summer day ... too bad i have to work all weekend 
I wish I was on summer vacation  boo
summer sleeping has begun.  sweaty, restless, and unsatisfying.  hurray for summer 
Of all the places I applied to, xsport called me back!! But they wanted someone longer than the summer 
summer hols 2day, but marianne and aoife are gone  nooooooo  going to miss them so so so much x x x
@colliebean i wear a 7.5  @djmyst during my spring cleaning i found two new balances. i can't find either one's match. 
frickin summer 
sleepy..! tommorrow first day of summer classes 
i start 1st summer session tmrw  so im off to bed!
Oh yeah, pray for sammi! Shes not going to make it past the summer 
Up early today - have to get three buses into work now it's summer vacation. 
Bout to head to bed...I love this summer lounging around thing, but i miss my girlfriend 
is so bloated  and needs to lose weight this summer!!!
@Oberstconor i hope you're still playing this summer despite what happened to jay bennett 
having to sadly say goodbye to one of my spices for the summer 
Having a difficult summer 
I just found two jobs I would LOVE to have, they are perfect for me, but they are not feasible this summer fml. 
soooo tired  why can't it be summer break already...?
@jmtruong i hope you feel better...i hate those summer colds 
@typicalrouse I would but its like 1800 or 1000+ miles  gas prices are crazy im doing alpine next summer most def
i thought it was already winter. turns out winter has even started 
Wishes I was going to the pxy summer jam, but can never seem to win 
greeeeeeeeeeeat  this summer i have four classes...if you know me...u know why  
is *ugh* what a miserable looking day. 54 degrees. Where did summer go? 
I am up, and having to deal with another rainy day  What the hell happened to summer, its so freakin cold!
i need a jb but i dread the fact that it will have to be retail this summer 
wants this summer to actually have some sun in it 
is wanting someone to spend her summer evening with whilst she's in such a nice relaxed mood ! 
@HannahSukter anywayss to the point i am dying to spend my summer over there or somewhere hot with you guys 
How come it's so cold now?! A few days ago it was wicked nice out, now I feel like I need my winter coat back. 
it's summer time.... these gas prices are going up again 
is not feelin well... i feel sooooo weak....i hate bein sick in the summer 
man i fucked up that test  playing cod now . 31 days till the summer !
noooo! @shutuppat  all summer?! I won't see your charming little face ALL summer?!
63 days of summer holiday left, and they are going way too slow! When will school get here??? 
Whenever, whever, sarah's in dc all summer  and sure!
photography class over summer cancelled. going somewhere i dont want to and missing the spring game  and no email from eric swist 
@marychapman awwww  bew! you wont be here at all this summer?
This weekend is going to be packed full of work for school  No life this summer I'm afraid.
@imseth no, not yet  i have 3 weeks left!! :O do you have summer holidays now?
So much to do this summer, hopefully all comes in favor and nothing has to be cancelled  worked hard for it...
first day of summer sucks!!!! its overcast and cold...  this isn't summer!?!?!?!?
Not legally old enough  to get a summer job outside of babysitting. 
pavement is boiling hot out there, dogs were limping.    guess summer's officially here.
Spending the first part of the weekend working on my summer class 
out for a bit before they leave for the summer 
it is officially summer, school is out! and i already have a sunburn 
class starts monday, work starts tuesday  summer vacation is over already (sigh)
i'm ready for summer! kinda bummed though...have yet to figure out why 
waaaaaa. i wanna go to david archuleta's summer tour. 
Morning all. I hate summer cause of power cuts. 
At this point I can already say that my summer vacation is almost overrrrrr! 
freeezing i dislike winter miss summer  happy days everyone
@grahamcoxon the world looks beautiful here, but the wind is too cold for proper summer clothes 
i always find the transition from winter to summer hard - what the heck do i wear? i've been in cardis for so long now 
@Realradiorobin thought as much, typical uk summer 
@jemmahatty, i've an endless supply of sexoi summer clothes but i brought warm things 
is still not feeling summer cause we didn't get to say the countdown they let us out earlier than 11... 
im on summer holidays on 16th july! LAAAME 
@leenoree i know it's been eons since we've last seen each other, but i'm actually living in poland  this summer  hopefully next time!
@macmuso hang on...we still in autumn arent we ???? *sigh* I think we skip autumn this year 
Peace out. It's summer!!!  i
Peace out. It's summer!!!  i miss the teachers
@thefreshsole hahaha I'm leaving for a month for summer classes  hopefully july ;) hahaha
is seriously bored... having the same ole' same ole' routine in the summer till go on vacations... rather boring... AaAaAahhh  save me
  I dont want my sister to leave me for the whole summer!
@therealpickler me too!  its not fair to be sick at the beginning of summer 
@alqs duh me too qaaa. I dont have any idea aku plg kapaan. I have to stay here sampe transfer =next summer  u'lll be back too rite? missu
has a cough and is sneezing in the middle of summer. howw could this be? 
great weather, summer soon D, school is ending even though it doesnt seem to want to haha =P and the dramas are taking over again.. 
Walking round the supermarket in a summer dress is not the best time to realise that the elastic in your kickers has gone 
cant believe another winter went by and i didnt go snowboarding... boo  
wanted to go cyclying, but winter seems to be back 
ugh...here come the summer gas prices...goodbye .95 and lower... 
why everybody hate winter?  the winter is so cool  ajajaj x)
packing for camp, excited!..but sad to leave my family for the summer. 
o summer wind.  either blow or don't. quit teasing us....... 
My summer plans just fell through. 
summer is here mayte! And so are the waxing strips.. 
This doesnt feel like im on summer break to me 
i totally need a break from laredo i love laredo but i need to go home for a few days to clear my thoughts before summer classes start 
is home... for the summer... i want to go back sooo bad  miss you already..
I need a summer job. 
absolutely loving summer. why isn't my picture showing up? 
My loaf didnt spring back up! 
I'm in a terrible mood. It feels like my friends don't like me anymore, and summer is just going to suck. 
ew i feel sick i dont want to winter swim 
what do i want for dinner...and I hate making my summer budget 
@frandrescher and they are flying fast and furious! seems like it was just april! and now.... the hot summer months! 
@jermfly its like a horrible summer purgatory 
My throat is aching.  i'm still so ready for summer. Today made me want it even more.
@lquessenberry  maybe next time. i'd like to take everyone down to my family's lot on spring river this summer.
@ctmini27 ...her room re-done this summer so it might have to be either or.  
i'm starting to realize summer is not going to be as fun when you're not surrounded by friends who also have nothing better to do.  boo
No one wants to sing the veggietales theme song w me.  did the first swim of summer just now
http://twitpic.com/6b9jr - strange the summer 
@marilyntemiz I miss you alot we need to get together really soon...I hope your summers going well don't forget about me 
Why do all TV shows have to end during the summer???? 
won't you be a factor of this years' summertime? 
ferry needs to get rid of wally and boobie this summer. but there's no way bron would let boobie go so we're screwed again next season. 
the last day of our summer vacation. i can't tweet for a while now. 
i cant believe that its almost summer, but the fact that i still have to learn is keepin me grownded 
@autumn0000 ok  taking so long eeks..
Getting some of my backlogs cleared up - need a whole month of vacations to clear up everything 
ewwww first mosquito bite of the summer 
@arejayel23 a) you better be in hayden with all the cool kids b) love it c) lucky, i still have almost a month left 
I think I have a cold  stupid winter!!!
Trying to go to campus for summer ball derig, but the pixiemobile is failing us 
As rainy season fast approaches, the sun sets on another beautiful spring day spent indoors. 
it's summer and yet it's raining. no thanks to global warming 
Wearing factor 30 just for the sunny journey between places... Why can I find no black linen shirts? Its all happy summer colours 
NO! I just remembered the Mudblood's last performance is this summer! NO! 
i dont want to leave london this summer 
summer is ending in a week. i won't be able to post and reblog on tumblr no more.  awwwwwww..
Out with her laptop in the sun, keeping the factor 50 near by, the ginger curse is terrible in the summer 
awwwwww.   summer is about to end!!   awwww...   i want 2 cry....   only 2 more days!     awwwww....   
I hate summer. I'm sneezing on plant cum 
@CatSash saammee as, i hate exams  but i cant wait till summer hols when we can properly enjoyy the sunn! x
3 mins till winter  I want summer back!
benny left  but only 4 more days of classes and 4 more finals till summer!!!
Zomg - has every one got a summer cold  where the nearest beach 
i hate having leather seats in the summer time and wearing shorts 
summer school starts tomorrow.  hope i can still find some time for vacationing
Why must the weekends go by so fast?? I just wanna enjoy summer. Not just work 
twitter is epically dying on me  summer!!! 
last night was great &lt;3 im going to miss him when summer vacation comes  
i thoroughly dislike how often i forget it is study leave and not the summer holidays 
@bubblegumneko my moms mad that i didnt go shopping with her. And now i dont have nice summer clothes. 
@girlwithfringe aaw haha hardly! but thanks! you should see the other eye! its all red and urgh .. i hatee hayfever! ruins my summer! 
damn i wish i could go see blink this summer  instead im going back to scotland hardly a comparison...still better than staying here.
i hate waking up and thinking its summer already. i have 3 more half days to go! 
argh.. summer classes start tomorrow!!!!  #fb
 my summer class starts tmrw...
Suffering severe depression from the thought of not seeing @SpringWestEnd in the summer anymore, or anytime in the next few years 
back to school tomorrow  7 weeks until summer holidays - america here i come!
The only down side to summer hay fever  bad times !
Suffering from the heat and brightness - summer disagrees with my head 
@mrichardso9 it sucks....i dont really get a vacation this summer cuz of my surgery  and summer school 
@winston151: I'll watch it after midterms in 2 weeks  so what are you up to this summer?
just said bye to jessica for the summer 
summer=hayfever 
My head hurts and I think its from the heat.  Its gonna be a long summer   I'm ready for winter already!
@French_Kisses awww that sucks.. and u there for the whole summer!! 
5 exams keeping me from summer.. studying all day 
Oh summer is here and now I have no communication with anyone... 
@yaseminx3 LOL your lucky no school tomorrow or friday and you get to wear your own clothes i have 2 different uniforms  summer&amp;winter &lt;3
I'm so confused, I want to work but I also want to see my dad over the summer ugh~ getting a summer job was a bad idea  I hate divorce
@anastaciakayray i got a research job and summer classes in chicago. i wont be back until august.  i was home for 2 weeks in may.thats all
court in two days  ; i can't wait til summer.
is ridiculously anxious for summer. you really have nooooo idea 
well its back to school 2morra  roll on summer hols
Having the worst summer ever...I don't have any friends here.. 
My poor roses are dying  This summer heat is too much for them. Does anyone have any suggestions.
back at rowan and thinking about studying for two summer class tests this week!! 
@PurpleAlamode trying to get into the summer session more money they gonna thief from me 
@BeautiFoul i'm afraid i won't have a chance to. i'm moving back to kansas on tuesday. summer schoolzzzz 
@summertime_grl I've never 
@KimKardashian me too! lol. my shows for the summer are over 
@MandaRae1084 I have classes all summer long 
Getting ready for summer semester which starts tomorrow. 
@JonathanRKnight awwe i wish i could go to every show on the summer tour  got any openings???
@josiann sadly they are not touring this summer  talk about heartbreaking!!
@miss_tattoo I hear that!!!!! I dont even think I can go to one show this summer 
@30STMluva lucky you! i wish it was summer, and i wish i was on holidays  spanish is very hard, even for me lol hehe sucky!
I Can't stand that summers here and he's not outside somewhere running around! I miss you bud...So much 
@clcross27 ya i'd love to get together! i'm actually living up in golden, just moved there last week, taking some summer classes 
Is a little sad that people are leaving.. and is looking unforward to a ridiculously busy summer 
is missing college days... and summer sucks... 
KTS back in the setlist - now I wish even more I was going to one of the summer festivals 
i have school tomorrow  so much for summer vacation
packing up to leave london for summer 
@SamanthaMc_x i know, i bet it wont even be like this for the summer. i need food before i go out, who knows where my mum is!!  lol x
and I really can't believe how cold it is here, hate winter 
Holy crap, it's warm in here. I am really not looking forward to the height of summer. 
Ive sacrificed my whole summer for one day in the sun. Totally wasn't worth it either, am I just gonna suffer until autumn? 
I miss him &amp; i'll see him real soon...this isn't a good sign for the summer  bummer I know right?
not sure if i'm ready to say goodbye to summer  just thinking about coron in a few weeks! yay!
yet another monday and still three more to go...it seems as if summer will never be here 
@itsjudytime ur so lucky!! I love summer!! unlike now where its winter in new zealand and only 3 degrees outside 
I'm so ready 4 summer classes to be over 
my baby started summer camp today!  
So far I am failing miserably at reading the books I wanted to read during my summer vacation and with classes I'm running out of time. 
It proper feels like summer now its fab!! of course I need to work tonight though 
first day of summer classes 
so it's summer. i think i'm going to unpack, clean, and relax. but there's basically NO food in my house 
loving this pretty summer weather, but not loving being inside all day 
Typical English summer time, enjoying the sunshine out in the park &amp; out of nowhere it's pissing it down!!! Not ready for that 
good morning. off to summer classes. really annoyed. 
it rained last night  i don't like this june gloom, where is my summer?
Photoshoot, vlogs, laughs, ahh I love @shesraia &amp; @jiasquared so much, I can't believe this is our last day of summer together 
@ibeeb because summer classes are awesome! but not really 
@anisalovesu There's a giant screen counting down, so we have 74 days/to the end of summer.  It's crazy quiet in here!
hi guys!!! how are you??? school is near.. 1 more week and our summer vacation is over!!! 
I have the flu and summer's almost here  twitter me and make my day?
Trying to figure out classes for next fall.. wish i could take summer classes 
how i hate homework, esp during the summer 
@mellieboozer i know right! it's not even full blown summer yet  So scary....
homework  cant wait till the summer hols
has to be a real person for the rest of the summer...starting...now 
i miss my mices  they both die las summer.
i miss my mices  the both die last summer.
I'd enjoy summer a lot more if my tolerance for heat wasn't so miserably low. 
aagh campus Peets closed during summer sessions! I forgot 
first day of summer vacation... and i have nothing to do 
i put on pants that i just washed &amp; i feel very lumpy &amp; fat now  at least i get to play outside in garden for the summer. that should help
i think i might be getting sick. in the summer 
@ambellina fell on my ipod 1 too many times skating last summer 
the turf field is closed for the rest of the summer 
wants to go to all these summer concerts but cant 
wants to go to all these summer concerts but cant  (via @mamadute) learn an instrument ;)
and the summer classes begin 
ah... summer in bethel - hope it  doesn't rain ALL summer 
no columbus dates for @peteyorn 's summer tour? I am soooo bummed out 
-sigh- My summer classes start today 
@vesni89  wow you are so lucky ! i have summer holidays in december 
iann  my summer isn't going to be the same. god, all i ever do is cry!
i misss people  last summer was so funn..what happened?
@smosh yeah some kid at summer camp stole my hoodie. 
So, I'm at home with a fever of 101.4.  What a great way to start summer vacation 
Trying to get forms signed for summer collage and my councler is not around. 
Studying for yet another microbiology test. What happened to my summer vacation? 
needs a summer holidayy 
i need to find the motivation to start doing some work..bah im so sick of classes already and its only the second week of summer semester 
my mother just ruined my entire summer 
I cannot wait til summer. 14 more dayss 
It's almost the last days of escuela, and the budget cut summer session 
shoot, i didn't think @victoriiaaaaa was going to be able to get a ride to summer jam. but she can 
is already beginning to miss summer and it isn't even over yet 
why are my babysitters leaving me this summer?? 
I miss you people.  There are NOT enough weekends for visiting this summer 
big girl jobs stink...even if they are just for the summer 
@azncutieamy i miss you too my dear  summer's almost here!
movie then bed. summer is getting boring. 
@crysnicole no it was for me  I have eczema and it always flares up when summer comes around... Ughhh so annoying
I can not believe I spent so much on textbooks today  it seems too much for short summer classes. For the fall it's ebay/amazon! LoL
my computer does not like twitpic.   very disapointed about fiddle fest being canceled this summer. 
im pretty much done with school. plans for summer... nothing so far other than summer band 
i'm looking for a summer job 
really wants to go snowboarding, to bad its summer 
@PULLINGTEEETH ikr. summer`s way too fast.  i miss all of you guys too much  #whatsmysection
two exams today and then i am done! ....until after summer 
please pray my dizziness goes away so I can begin to enjoy my summer 
I guess all I have to look forward to this summer is my free t-shirt and my 21st ... ugh, fml  
sitting by the heater . hating winter 
summer, summer, summertime, ooh summertime. time to sit back and unwi... sorry, no, it's time to sit down &amp; get on with some work. bummer 
Someone kill me, i want to sleep  i'm glad it's nearly the summer but it's going to be late nights soon i think.
well impressed with th nhs this morning the place i visited was top, summer trainings out so no rugby for a while 
It appears the sun and summer has gone bye bye  less study distraction?
Gagal download summer playlist 
It's suppose to be another rainy day.   It's summer vacation! Where's the summer?
@Statechampion00 summer semester.. 8am physics 
I wish the rain would come during school season... not now when its still summer... 
@tabmiller poop.  if it were later in the summer, maybe, but I can't do it before the wedding. thanks for the offer though!
@romeocandido is winter ever coming to singapore? It's soooooo damn hot here. 
summer holidays in 6 weeks. its so long  loads of exams in store for us...
@NothlitHawk777 Her album was supposed to come out last summer and we haven't heard from her since.  Something happened. 
loves everything about summer except the classes  too busy!
@demiswissfan aw. that really sucks  i live is usa and i live in missouri and we have summer vacation for 3 months
when is summer vaction? i can't wait. cross that, i got bummer school :/ ughh i will be free in august. how lame 
i feel so lost without krutu  as if bring on the summer bitches !!!!
This summer is going to be the worst of my life 
summer in chicago? i dont think so... more like early rainy spring in chicago where you can't do fun things outside 
@ryanvaughan I would think it would be a winter sickness but I would be the one to get it in the start of this summer weather! 
@markimbriaco that sucks. we had that happen to us last summer. off and on for 2-3 hours 
i dont like fall and winter. its cold, the days are short, everything is soo boring  i want summer holidays!
@Silbakor i'll be taking summer classes by then 
picked up some summer reading @ b&amp;n. perhaps june can do it: 1 down 19 to go. atleast 1 of 2 thinks me worthy but i admit it saddens me 
@alyssa_spring I was going to post the same response!!! Until I saw you already did...  
- wishing i could hibernate for the winter 
My son went to summer camp for a week! I'm so sad 
the weather is beautiful outside, but instead i must sit inside and study physics    summer please come soon...
@RaphaelPXY I'm not going to summer jam 
studying for exams!  I can't wait or summer. 2 more days! :p
@JonathanRKnight I so wish I wish I can go to a summer show. But I don't have the money.So I will have to miss it  this summer 
How come summer break is fun for the first week then you wanna go back to school that quick?  *sigh*
my brother is going to oklahoma tomorrow for the summer,well half the summer.will miss him though 
@ddlovato owr family own a jehtskii (: buht ihts winter over here so ihave too wait till summer  jetskis are so fun.
It's going to be a long winter... 
@Ashcoates bad nights sleep cud also be attributed my stubborness to change winter-summer quilt, caved in this morning tho 
Morning tweeps...sky is grey, summer is over for another year 
@gwacee I know summer come 
Just relaxing before having 2 spring-clean  or winter-clean as the case may be 
I don't like how the only signs of summer are longer time of the sun being up. 
bored ! will resume studying... it is so hot in here.  i hate summers!
I want the weekend,and summer and sleep  dayyyummm I hate school
So much for the ealry summer.. that was short lived.. 
Probably my last summer twitter entry. Classes are tomorrow  Books are unwrapped, I'm still sleepy, and none of my summer goals came true.
@corashan so true. I like summer but hate myself getting sweaty soon 
is in so much pain! I can't even wear nice summer clothes and can't enjoy the summer sun anymore 
where has the sunshine gone?? i dont want it 2 b cold .... its meant 2 b summer!!!!  
summer vacation is over already 
exams are finished. now bring on summer pleaaase. p.s there is nothing in my house to eat, and i'm soooo hungry. 
@DExtraordinaire great way to start summer 
actually sort of grateful for the cool temps as my summer wardrobe has gotten awfully tight... 
really depressed that its almost summer but rainy 
@kaylawillett yeah! It's not fun  Haha I am doing summer classes! I only go Mondays an Wednesdays though until 1!
@lewisreilly  i cant go cus am stuck in the arse hole of nowhere (otherwise know as newtownbutler) for the summer. but ill be back!
@willmondragon A young lady I pursued the beginning of last summer. Unfortunately, for me, chemistry was not enough... 
@shirazfarooqui hey that seems like too much!! summers at its peak!! 
So I am getting my kids all packed up to leave me for the summer they r going to have a blast I will miss them 
really not liking this summer... cold weather and no income suck 
Why is this summer so cold and rainy? 
illness...can you imagine it? in summer? pfh...nice... 
AAAAAAAAARGH why are hotels booked for summer? 
@sweetpea8383 Couldn't agree more...we need to take advantage of the summer while it's here since it appears to be the shortest season 
Hating freaking summer and its stupid allergy bringing plants 
@bytheshoreline Haha, welcome to my life! I haven't had a summer break/vacation in forever! I miss summers when I was a kid. 
summmer starts now .. tonight hmm too many options 
haven't done an update in agessss! how's everyone? i hate rain!  andd i've only got one more exam and my summer starts! 
well that looks like the end of summer....at least it saved me having to water the garden  
summer is prertty boring at the moment! 
Why is it cold and rainy? I thought it was summer 
Almost booked a disney vacation for the summer... now I am really bummed out because our schedule is not going to let us 
done with every class...except french   tuesday = summer! woohoooo
summer calls: won't be on for a while       happy summer everyone!!!!  
Just said goodbye to my boy for the summer 
how boring pre-cal over the summer ewww soooo hard 
I miss @danielleedawn!  I don't see her nearly enough and its summmer! wtf!
looking forward to a mixed weekend of work, the summer time ball, and...rain 
im sick  stupid summer colds. ugh!
@lannyANH ugh yeah. it's been raining my whole month of summer.  it sucks
finally! summers here... but someones not.  could you just realize it already??!!
My last real night with josh  then its the train a weej at the college and then gone for the summer
Its summer time were is the sunshine 
@johncmayer so why no summer tour john 
@tommcfly I was looking for tickets to come see u lovelies again in summer but I can't get anyone to come with!! I'm so upset!!!   x
@BrainTwitch  I suppose I COULD get down there in time for you all to be three sheets to the wind-- we close at 9 during the summer!
I haven't been to a caching event, period.  This is our first full summer of it!
lovee summmer, but hate not seeing you as muchh 
@JaySDaughtry yeah, it's for the spring semester which ended a month ago. and nooo i don't have a job yet  but other than that its good!
summer courses start mon. yay! / 
theatre is done with for the summer, wich means no acting for two months. 
Only an idiot cycles at noon in the summer 
Last day of tennis for the whole summer 
the summer is here!!!...*runs to window*...oh 
I want to extend summer vacation 
@ianalbert aww i wish i was home  but come next week im home for the summer
And as the end of our two week excursion draws near, so does the semblance of summer 
i want to go on a summer holiday 
its so cold  i miss summer &amp; the sunburnt-ness.
2nd day of summer. I havent gotten to sleep in yet. 
Colds during the summer suck donkey balls... 
@tanketom I'd actually consider going with 110 - as I said, I need 20 points above the regular 30 anyway - but it's only taught in spring 
@randomrradio I've got so much I want to do over the summer too but I'm getting the urge to pick up WoW again 
couldn't be any happier that summer break is extended up to the 14th! Haha! I miss B though 
http://twitpic.com/6qoak - this is why i love summer! wish it wasnt raining right now 
Going to ihop later for breakfast with my mom. She's leaving for the whole summer 
@flyingtree It's a wet summer. 
Prepping for the start of the summer semester.  
stupeed. stupeed last day of summer. what a bummer 
I think that @ddlovato should include england in her summer tour!! 
i am being sick during summer 
sun burnt  but its summer woohoo!!
Today it only rains once, at least it cold as well! How can I enjoy that kind of summer? 
doesn't have summer holiday feeling..... 
last day of dancin for the summer  and the worst too 
My empty room makes me sad  it means this year is really ending, but summer ball tonight!!
summer &lt;3 only exams now 
@sammmiebby me too  at least you should come visit this summer at the very least!!!!
i am seriously so sad right now guys, my summer's going be so less funny 
i hate exams.. but I love summer.. but still studying 
still been ignoring twitter.  in the summer i wil be more faithful, i promise
wants to see demi  lavato in her summer concert , but carn't  X
i am really bored and its summer vacation what a thrill 
So I have a job..goodbye to unemployment, it was awesome for the past month or so though Its snowing again  damn its supposed to be summer
After a couple of weeks of not needing the central heating on, I think this chill finally has me beat... hope that wasn't our summer 
failed english by 1 point, and failed chemistry with a 66...  and my summer is ruined!
Going to put my planet fitness membership on hold for the summer 
Its so cold! Where did the summer go ? 
Mannnn summer is knockn @ mi door!! Lol study break over  bac to work
is like it makes you hate the summer when you got a schedule like mine 
@SaraMcFlyx_x i love summer dates  last time i went to one it pissed it down for the whole gig. so i wanna go to another :p x
i wish alex was going on the summer tour   ... he's my fave!
Finally some soybeans are getting into the ground.  When it stops raining it probably won't rain all summer 
@ailabridget99 I know! When I went there all I was thinking was about you  butt we have to make more memorize this summer! I can't wait
1st day of summer vaca: cleaning house, home alone, wanted to go to lifehouse concert, playing world of warcraft. go summer! 
Anyone else hate summer colds!!!!! i have no voice 
my guy is leaving for the summer  
@amrosario It sat outside for most of the winter, didn't it? Might be bad/stale gas. 
.. i miss playing basketball  my foot is recovered already i think. basketball in the summer is a must.
summer ball was epic.  i can't believe it's only 4 days until i leave RHUL for good....  
(sad)...my mom said we might move next summer!   *tearz*
@nileyxlove mhmm  I'll probably cry reading that, just lost my grampie last summer... but other than that, i'm excited to read it.
so bored... everyone left me this summer. 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/6shtr - aww that's a nice pic. lucky you summer is almost there. where i am winter is almost coming 
it's summer it's rainy i love rain &lt;3 and just got my new mini laptop xD and im 16 it's radd too bad i have summer school 
Last day of summer.  I'm gonna miss summer `09., even though I just stayed at home, most of the time.
it feels like summer vacation... and i got burnt today!! 
We are still getting frost at night  when are we going to see real summer????
i would very much love to be on summer holidays right now 
 but I don't want a boyfriend for the summer.
boomdocks than knocked. no summer jam for me, boss cut me out. 
Where is the summer breeze? this city is kind of bi-polar....  some minutes are good and others are bad....
its a few weeks to summer and it is fucking snowing.. i just put away all of my winter gear. 
TV sucks in the summer. 
WHERE are all my students who were dying to learn web programming this summer??? 
 My dad won't let me get my licesence until the summer..
@thesarahc I think wharton is going to be the downfall of my summer 
Just woke up that was the loudest thunderstorm EVER! , and its ment 2 be summer 
said the first goodbye of the summer tonight 
@wackREPKO well lucky you. why is that so funny? so i guess i won't randomly see you this summer at the festa or anything 
@NunoOfVLP there is no where to go in lubbock, especially if all my friends decided to go home for the summer  lol
I'm already in summer mode and I still have 3 more finals! 
summer's gone... 
@milkshakex3 in summer, so 6 or 7 months   i would send you one, but the post would cost a lot :L
why must it rain on my summer break parade?  now i have to clean house 
off to work until 4 so tired. &amp; this week starts my 2 summer classes. 1 online one up @ school on tues&amp;thurs nights. there goes my summer 
nothing happens in the summer 
i wish i was at the summertime ball 
really need to get out of london,  hurry up summer holidays xo
listening to the capital fm summer ball..........not happy that i couldnt go  oh well i guess listening to it will have to do
already lost my summer spirit in this bad weather 
I haven't finished my summer to do list yet 
Such a bad weather  Where did the summer go?
its still raining and it wont change for the next 5 days. great summer 
holidays are over. too bad, i'm still getting used to them...  but now's the last period before the summer holidays - so: rock on, guys ^^
I will try to twitpic some flicks at summer jam for my west coast babies that can't come. 
@wackyjacky85 nope  i tried claritin last summer, but it only made it worse.
i am sooo sick.. ugh everything hurts!!  oh well, at least i hae summer to look forward to! LDOSCD: 5 days! (here dfizzy: #dfizzy)
I'm going to miss dancing this summer. 
Where has the summer gone!?!?!?!?! 
is cramming for a dumb midterm all day  Three more weeks of summer school hell then summer!
thinks the british summer is over...... before it even got bloody started 
@gelicaaaaaa nah i didnt look   we rly need to watch them this summer
I wanna be on summer jam too 
I thought it was meant to be a hot summer  to mean rain doesnt mean hot.
still doesnt see any signs of summer 
@skibabe12 wow that sucks  im doing 20 long response. erg i NEED summer!
wishing i could be at summer jam this year 
has a midterm this week  summer semester is already half over?!!
sooo i thought it was summer.....whats with this weather?! i want those 85 degree days, layn out by the pool &amp; swimming 
I HATE doing makeup in the summer.  I melt.
the Royals horrible play over recent weeks has had a profoundly negative effect on my summer fun index 
i'm so sad monika don't come in france this summer  !!
Ahhh today is so cold, I hate the winter     I need summer and holidays
@Luxeuxx have fun at the summer jam i wish i was there!!! 
 *wishes she was at summer jam*
yay! just booked flights for summer. not so yay: 67% more expensive than in march 
@songzyuuup thought you wpuld be one of the surprise guest at summer jam 
saying goodbye to people is sad, even when it's just for the summer 
is tired and hungry  but is glad that its summer break!
I really want to meet @wetheTRAVIS or @AlexAllTimeLow this summer.... but it doesnt look to promising.... 
http://twitpic.com/6uzgl - I hate the winter 
I still can't believe I get a 3 week break for summer 
exhausted  and my class begins in just three weeks. so long summer 
@larissawiz yayyy maa can't wait....but I am sad I won't see you all summer 
@insaneshan3 no  how's summer classes
the fly with me video makes me even sadder that im not going to see them in concert this summer 
@sammywhammmy noooo  but I will make it happen this summer. I am hotel stalking lol
Its really a shame we can nvr be on time... 3 shows and still haven't seen jabbas on summer tour 
most likely having a summer without a jonas experience :/ 
@TovSoHandsome mad at you! How come I didn't get an invite to summer jam 
Give me something to do....so far this summer blows 
@MoondanceMandy i know i miss you too but ill see you in july and what happened to your back?! my summer hasnt begun yet 
summer is tick tick ticken away 
ummm....soo....between summer classes and work...I don't have a summer  and that is just NO good!
@ rosenbergradio stop making me feel bad for no going to summer jam 
@MONEYMOE12 I'm jealous!! I need to be @summer jam 
I LOVE my purple hair, but it's time to go back to normal for the summer . . . 
I remember we summer felt like it lasted forever. Now, once you take out your summer clothes it's time to pack them away again 
meeeh i don't wanna go to school  i have to -_- ughhh! almost summer vacation! whoowhoowhooooo.
going to make a yummy sandwhich and watch a movie. winters fun like that.. but i miss summer... 
realizing that soon almost all my friends are going to be leaving. this is such a sad summer 
review classes tomorrow.  isn't it supposed to be my summer vacay?  and aren't i supposed to be sleeping n... http://plurk.com/p/1101o2
Oh where's the sun ????, it's been so hot and sunny, now it's cloudy   we need a nice summer this year,
Oh well, that's the summer been and gone then 
my summer was much more pleasant before i started my thesis. i hate statistics!! 
It's cold and i am walking to the other house.  bring back my summer!
after a much needed &amp; fun vacay, i start summer school tomorrow, and i am not ready at all. 
@MissKeriBaby at least you developed at a normal pace!!  #iremember hiding in a coat for the whole summer cause I hated boobs! LOL!!!
Looking for activities for kids to do this summer 
I would really enjoy a summer vacation 
In college  can't wait till summer arghhh
@taryntaylor well thats good. mine has been extremly boring. like i dont wanna do anything this summer. including volleyball workouts. 
I love summer days.  winter motherfuckassss.. effin shit.
im so jelous of american kids,its summer there &amp; were frezin our asses off in sydney + they got awsome gigs &amp; the whole summer off 
Saying goodbye to summer 
is doing her essays  and can't wait till the summer holibobs!!! x
I hate my teacher, why do I have to study and memorise and waste my time while its summer and I'm on vacation  I need to change my life!
Ugh I hate waking up this early in the summer when all the cool kids like @alexalltimelow are still awake 
 his gone for a month in the middle of winter... first day and im lost already... 1 down, 29 to go.... hurry up
@chelseajenis sooooooooooooooooo we can't go to jeans this summer ??!? 
goin back to school! yay!  that's really where i wanna be on summer vacation!
A few hours of summer left. 
I can't wait for summer '10.  Loooooong way to go.
ok  this year the firestarters mean business  high winds dry weather the perfect start to the summer fire season.......  
@CaseyGamm I don't think they're having a tour this summer.... 
summer vacation is officially over.. 
The first day of the summer without my kids.  
It's raining...again  I thought it was supposed to be summer  *making  a verrry long  to-do-list*
watching the kids and hopefully getting some sun with them in the pool a little later  Yay for summer finally!
The summer is halfway over.  This is a crime.  
1st few hours of the summer holidays and i'm bored out of my tree already... 
Is spending her first official day of summer break with a toothache...this is so me to get sick on vacation! 
@rikkrolled summer awesome thus far. just really obsessing over results. not really about what i get, but i just want to know nooooow 
@yorkuniversity - I'm only a visiting student this summer - no orientation for me 
apparently weve had summer - i spent mine sitting in stupid exams 
@souljaboytellem: okay so your not goin to seattle's summerjam now why? You were the only reason why I was goin  well I have summer jam
One more week until summer classes 
bought some pretty summer clothes ... what's the betting it rains for weeks now !! 
@cmartellotti  it keeps the morning bus ride interesting but interacting with them might violate laws in 42 states.  It's a summer camp 
i always gain weight in the summer, too  http://tinyurl.com/ldj5j5
vacation bible school then folklife: a summer of working 
first day of summer training  and 
I wanna go back to summer jam 
i think this will be the best summer yet. i get to swim, hang out, and go to camp! but i have to read boring books 
I wish I had the summers off 
LOL. I have to work with a not ugly guy all summer  kill me now!
Nothing worse than a summer bug. 
im staring outside my window.. 4 minutes til 5 (in the morning). the sun use to rise around 4 during summer.. now its at 6  summer days..
@josien they gave me a preview of what the impending summer holidays are going to be like. 
I hate my life....no, I hate this summer 
Is loving being on summer holidays but broke my toe today 
sunshine + almost summer = studying for hissstory 
@yaerinie I want to... but I'm so busy!!!  what are you doing over summer anyway?
@ShiftyChar I wish it was hot here, its fucking cold! And its summer. It have rain here for days now 
@swirledpeacat ever tried feminax? i find it works wonders...  summer colds are so much worse than winter ones 
the my kids @ my job are sooo adorable I'm totally going to miss them over the summer 
this does not look like summer at all... why isn't it 20 degrees outside or something 
i can't believe my summer sucks already. 
STUDYING FOR FINALS.  . So excited for summer. Its going to be amazing.
I have homework in the summer  this sucks &amp; I'm tired..summer's going by toooo fassstt!!
i don't like spending 12 hours on campus during the summer 
this is going to be a long summer  why does this make me sad...
off to start the real job... :-/ goodbye, summer. 
Lonely at my apartment  I guess I should get used to this feeling for the rest of the summer...
I'm so sick of summer storms 
@nicksantino i wish i was going to see you this summer! your not playing with the cab july 22  every other date you aree...
So excited for this summer! this job is going to be amazing! except i didnt get myuniform yet. 
NEEDS to see blink this summer 
its fa-reeeeeezing. ihy winter 
Just when we seemed germ free, Ms L has come down w/a fever &amp; the swim lessons she's been looking forward to all summer started today. 
The summer cold caught up with me - lame being stuck indoors, laying in bed, watching the day pass me by. 
@xBearxAxCatx If we hang out this summer, wherever the three of us are at, we HAVE to fall. 
ugh!...doing summer homework 
One thing I hate about summer and spring is the misquitos especially when they bite my face 
im not so sure to finish the movie this summer. in spite some of the crews wont be here for couple of weeks  we'll try though. planning!
@HannahBeeeee I hope she doesn't  It would ruin summer for kids across the country !!!!!!!!
Augh!!!  i hate this summer uff!
@xomollydollyxo natychat also is natywrites just haven't written since spring break 
@gummibalu the freakin summer hasn't even started yet  but I don't mind the fall just for the shows and project runway is my favorite
Perceiving the crawling pace of summer days passing. All year I wait for summer, yet at its arrival I wait for its departure. 
Where are all the fireflies?? I haven't seen one yet this summer 
Breakdancing classes this summer? ... if only I had the skills 
@annarizkalla and gehle was fuuuuun. never see you again  i'll twitter/fb you all summer haha
@cmlovesyou awww that reminds me of summer  miss you and our country marathons
I dont know what to say, my horrible day and continuing worst summer ever so far, wont fit in 140 letters.  
At school  my summer smells like shat
Grading tests, only 275 to go  Almost time for summer holiday.
never ending summer here cos of the monsoon getting delayed 
chilling out in a hot hot summer 
is checking out websites to help my first grader succeed he needs help with reading this summer  with the hours i work its so difficul ...
it's raining the whole day the weather make me sick  I hope the summer comes soon...
just realized these are her last summmer vacations  . next year it all changes.
this summer is kinda oring with b 
Wishes she hadn't dressed for winter 
oh, and it's summer. it shouldn't be in the 60's  i have so many dresses to wear!
@Pettles This is the last one for me. I'm sure I will be depressed for the rest of the summer. 
bout 2 go 2 work......I wish I had a 3month summer vaca...my supervisor insists that my maternity leave was vaca 
I hate this weather, it's raining all the time even it's summer 
'ool has leek.  may need to retire it ..  could be a hot summer 
nuttin much just going to summer school this summer 
And all I wanted to do this summer was cosplay. 
is loving this summer weather! but not looking forward to the rain the rest of the week 
#iremember when @brooklynpublic libraries had the best, coolest summer programs. before funding was slashed. 
i have bronchitis in the middle of the summer....lucky me. 
When its summer out i work, and when its raining i dont 
@danz1hunie That's no fun  I take these tablets called 'Singulair' in the summer months which helps a little along with usual symbocort
I've finally been told we'll have no students this summer.  Rather than spending time doing analysis and writing reports, I'll be grading.
My wakeup time is 7:40, not 6:50....somethin' tells me summer isn't gonna be much of a vacation for me. 
im going to be working the whole summer! 0_o  with no days off!!?   this is going to be crazy!
Is missin my @mimichoc nobody told her ass to better herself and take summer classes 
its summer vacation i have nothing at all to do  i think i should get a job @markhoppus
so cold outside. this summer is quite a shitty one 
summer clean up in full swing  on the plus side the kiddies are gone. can't wait till i have the luxury of summer vacations
Thinking i should be doing more than ust taking summer classes 
Wishes that it would actually be sunny in the summer 
@hearttoxic i dont sleep too much in the summer. its too hot 
@heartttoxic i dont sleep too much in the summer. its too hot 
has finished college  bring on the summer though!
so hot outside! ughhh dnw summer  spring or fall plz. no summer &gt;:[
@pippsqueak sounds lovely, unfortunately i have no time at all anymore, maybe in august I will. I'm taking 3 summer classes, and working. 
hayfever...the summer killer, about 30 sneezes in a row!  x
washing glassware...cause i don't have student workers in the summer 
@MOLLiii_x  well i knw u naughty girl..lol! I am doing great, I am so looking forward to finish summer classes. bit rainy n cloudy here 
--remember we was at rashad bbq last summer... &amp; i was the only parent there   @illmaticp @auchboogie
@StephanieMarita summers already started lol.. not looking forward to the rest of it  working thruout
Something reminded me of the summer two years ago and now I'm having second thoughts about you and I... NO! I have to be strong. 
Something reminded me of the summer two years ago and now I'm having second thoughts about us... NO! I have to be strong. 
now doing the weights again...urgh  my poor laptop is burning up in this summer evening's heat
@tantraziliation i miss the sunshine of summer 
We actually had 2 summer houses, Bromarv and the other one, but we have to sell both, 'cuz they belonged to my grandparents.. so 
really going to miss @catrinazadow this summer 
Its raining hella hard and I have to drive around in it.  enough of spring and more of summer plz!
I think I am done swimming for the summer  I'm too dark I don't recognize myself...
is writing one more paper and then no more for summer semester, then finishing outline for history, and more english... summer school 
Wth. I wish summer would come already and stay. 
first day of summer vacay! ...so far it's been boring 
@kekedadiva Thats cool aid I know im tryna have fun the summer as soon as this summer class end 
Just got home, summer sucks right now hope I get better soon. 
There's nothing to do in the summer holidays 
its so hot! i hate it!! ready for winter 
So for some reason this summer is really making me miss my grandparents... 
my summer is slipping through my fingers 
Is summer over yet? I would settle for the knowledge of what the mess I am going to do in the next month at least..... 
i have nothing 2 do all summer so i'll be on alote!! 
@middlefinqer don't do foot yet , you will be hurt ! &amp; no  my summer is too busy ! But I might be there during thanksgiving or x-mas!
This is how I gained all the weight last summer. I am dying for a dessert because that is 911 for me when I'm down.  #flylady #newo
Reading my book for summer funny we have to do blogs about it over the summer just to get into honors world lit 
So i just found out i'm not going to p.r to see my dad this summer 
@ddlovato i really wish i was coming but my parents said no because i already have 2 big things planned for summer. 
@livebehavior well how nice for u :p I am actually going to be working so I'll try to take a peak once in awhile 
@BAYBAYBAYvh1 im stuck cuz i dnt know wht to do for my summer.... 
@RegBurns I don't have anything else to do with my summer 
no time is good to get a cold, but summer is the worst. 
@DavidArchie lol! i really need to get on the treadmill. i've been such a procrastinator i guess you could say on exercising this summer! 
I wish cool people lived here. I want to have a bad teen movie summer where they sneak out and laugh all the time, and go to the beach. 
omg chicago y can't it be summer already 
getting started on my summer reading list 
I am very tired  I want to be vacation of winter......   
my dad saw a pinebeetle today ...there goes hoping they wouldn't come out this summer 
really want summer.its 61 degrees and raining 
@izasingson I'm doing good, I'm actually going 2 summer school; so no vaycay for me, I think I get about 2 weeks b4 fall semester starts. 
can't wait for sun &amp; real summer!! 
@ceethedon they will def be baq in full effect once this summer decides to kick in 
@kleamccombs awww it's summer there yeah? here it's winter but it's still hot somehow 
@maddiiiij  I'm sure we'll all reminisce this summer though. And I know all of us will probably stay in contact.
@danscottbrown gah i hate hay fever! worst thing about summer/spring 
summer on hold  again!  
@koula5 shame!!! That's too bloody early in winter! 
@spyros not yet  turned out to be a super busy summer so far. girl needs her siesta!
said goodbye to david for the summer 
sleepy, but cant fall 
I cannot sleep  But I am still sleep deprived! It still doesn't feel like summmer
loving this gorgeous weather we're having.. lush summer? NO!  exam time again.. not long left!! dreading results already..
my winter carnival tv promo ends this week 
@nadyael i knowww!! and it's only the beginning of winter 
@martinrose20 thats not good.  i'm a sufferer too- i hate summer!
@themikeo YESSIR!! I had wanted to take a summer class but they end entirely too close to my due date 
Jealous of family going to stonehenge for summer soltstice  fucking hippies.
its raining and its supposed to be summer? 
so gloomy  hurry up summer!
summer gym...  
what is the need for the million flies this summer 
trying to get my calendar organized, between summer school and workshops my &quot;free&quot; summer is nonexistant 
I need to buy some new shorts today, some reason mine are huge on me this summer.  
@sfweitzman cautioning against extreme strawberry picking - how I broke my foot last summer! 
This is not what a summer schedule is supposed to look like.   http://twitpic.com/7mb2t
whyyyy am i sick at the beginning of the summer that i've been waiting for 
argh its starting to rain  what british summer is this ??!!
watching it rain again and beginning to wonder if summer will ever show up 
Ugh. It is hot and sunny out.   I hate summer. Can I have autumn yet?
its summer &amp; im still taking summer classes!  this sucks 
http://twitpic.com/7mney - Just trying to make a nice summer tan. But it aint working. 
summers not well again 
summer without vanessa? 
listening to the radio and staring into space wondering what to do??? summer holidays are boring! 
is it legal to get sick during summer? this is balls 
i hate that my summer is already over!  bring on the children
Looking for apartments which means I'm going to be very poor the rest of the summer. 
wishing i was doing something with my summer 
Ahhh summer vacation, but still no work 
@PeaceLovePey but she will stay till summer vacation but that is in 17 days  (i think)
hottest day of the summer so far... And I have no power which means no a/c... Means I can't cook myself any food...and I have no pool 
tai.. isnt coming to ohio this summer. 
im sick....on my first day of summer. 
how come i cant have a summer vacation?!?! 
I'm so happy that it's summer now! I just wish exams weren't still needing to be done  #swagbucks
@banolka mms will b included late summer 
the heat and humidity this week in miami has been unbearable! And this is only the begining of summer. 
wow these kids got tooooooooo much energy this is going to be a long summer 
is still waiting on america new, chances are looking slim  a summer working in somerfield again!
@flyfreebird I heard that feature won't be available until late summer. 
trying to start my summer reading but the website won't let me do it  oh wellll
i have GOT to get a boyfriend this summer...i feel so alone... 
Maybe i wont be doing anything this summer. I might fail my english final. 
wishes i could work with horses all summer, too bad the ranch is so far away 
I need plans for the summer! 
got into summer school.. thankfully now i can get health over with!!! next summer i have to take geography 
watching the updates of wonder girls!! really hope that i can go to one of their concerts this summer! 
thinks everyone should help out the autism society of cape breton.. they need 15,000 before july 1st to keep their summer program!! 
@cmclementi just like fall semester  i miss you
summer is great so far i guess, nothing is..really peaceful as i wish it was. 
@mattycus it's the summer time blues 
finally summer'09 bitchess, todayy was thee sadestt day. my bestfriiend iis moviing away 
I love that they put a pool right outside my summer school. I just adore looking at people having a real summer. 
chinese from spring rolls... not too good 
I absolutely dreading summer reading. 
@cathybaron  Thought so.. Hopefully there will be more awesome movies this summer
I swear to god if we could run cars on snot we would never have to worry again. Urghh i hate having a cold right as soon as summer begins 
it's summer time. where's the sunshine? where's roxy?  she got spayed and has to stay the night. i miss her so much!!!!!!
gah...first uncomfortably humid night of the summer...i know it's only going to get worse 
@spiderrx MMS not available until late summer 
 y does sounds of spring have to be 18+. im going to soooo many music festivals next year as soon as im 18 lol
kill me now, the summer heat is getting to me 
i just want summer classes to be over 
@br1ana unfourtunately i'm not in bloom for the summer  sadness
tired. not focused. summer  its taking too long!
it's very clear this summer is going to be one that none of us will ever forget. i miss you, andrew. we all do  rest in peace
i want the feeling of summer vacation 
@therezzza nooo!!! I wanted you to come swim on a hot summer day 
@fredrikkk yea. I want things to change over the summer! 
has to spend/come up with $800 by the 30th for college this summer 
my phone's gone for the whole summer break 
my phone's gone for the whole summer break 
Where has the summer gone 
@jamiegodwin it is summer but cold and wet 
Another boring day at summer camp.! 
so many frigging cute summer dresses that I want, but don't need 
This weather sucks...I feel just like it.....   where is the summer..can't wait 4 my family vaca... Who's with me???
Oh joy for summer session two 
Second summer session YAY 
wettest summer ever. 
it needs to stop raining. its summer 
@jaadeeexx someone who is leaving for like the whole summer 
@kaytay612 It seems like we're never going to get a beach day this summer!! 
back from SoFlo  ready to start those summer classes...
1st day of summer break, and its rainy outside 
dear sun, where are you? it doesn't feel like summer 
I want to stay and work for the whole summer!  I'd totally drop my course if I could =/
@taranicolepdgg girl i dunno but i a beginning to think summer is never coming! Its so depressing 
Jeeeeeeez! some tickets are SO expensive, looks like that one's off the summer list too 
This weather is ridiculous...when will the summer start!! 
Some wanker has reversed into my car &amp; drove off. I'll probably be without it for a month this summer while Trewicks take ages fixing it 
this holiday summer is so boring ...i don't know what i can do  =(
@Sarahwinterman I know! I really miss those parties  we'll have to arrange something this summer!
I am coming down with a cold... and nothing is worse than a summer cold  
Its summer and I still don't have any plans. 
where is our summer time it june and it cold and i have my heating on again 
love summer. . . .hate the heat 
why does it rain ALL the time? It's ruining my summer  Actually I love the thunderstroms, but I want to go to the pool!
ahhhh its summer.. not supposed to rain! 
misses his baby cakes  ! has decided to make a beast of a gaming rig as a project over summer
summer is finally here, but its raining and humid 
is not going to the beach this summer, while everybody else is already there. 
Yay summer is here but ends on monday! 
..where the heck is my roommate? this is summer chica, we shoulda spent these sunny days togetherrrrrr 
@stilacosmetics - my sephora didnt have your latest indian summer collection at th store.  i missed out on the palette
summmer! i miss the obx though 
@iekeliene midsummer is awesome. last tear we had an all night party... i have no plans this summer 
i never see people over summer vaction 
hate working in summer 
I don't feel like going outside.....its too damn hot..I can't wait til winter.... 
@DavidArchie having my final now , and my math is a mess . I hope i can just forget about it and let my summer vacation start. 
hoping to get some plans in motion for summer, otw it'll be a lazy 'sit on my a$$' season 
is sad because i'm going to @SongzYuuup at the summer jam this year 
@unodostresa sooo jealous!  I want to have a summer vaca 
The major storms that we have had this summer have absolutely devistated my corn 
summers of 2k9 - my worst vacations 
missing my taylor  I hate the summer when she goes to her dads
Just been looking at some northern hemisphere blogs, so jealous it's summer there 
@kunalnayyar the tarantulas during the summer... this includes red backs and white tips as well - I had one on my arm this summer 
Stressed and sleepy. When is the summer relaxation going to kick in? 
so bored, you know, summer isnt as fun as its made out to be. 
@tyrone_the_cat I've not seen a summer yet, I'm too young 
I'm tired of working all the time. I want to have a fun summer 
do i really have to go spinning alone? 6:30 in the morning. In my summer vacasion?? 
Graduation today was such a trip. I swallowed a fly though!  So stoked for summer now, ahh
finally summer but now have nothing to do 
 no, i'm working 3 jobs &amp; it was a bad idea for me to leave this summer for personal reasons too...  make sure those hugs are extra long.
i feel sick  this is not a good way to start summer....
three buffets in two weeks. prediction of summer: FATTER 
@francheska28 Lol I don't remember much of the movie i just know its good xD Yeahh, rainy summer 
@tweengoctran I needto have 16 hrs in the math lab this summer 
@burrrenda my summer's alrights, yeah it is but idk what to do 
@piglettoes hahah yea she said she is coming to school someday cause its summer holidays for her. damn it  hate you.
Waiting for winter to end, which ain't fun since winter just started 
wishing i could meet a real celebrity      my summer sucks so far, just got fired recently   
i never thought summer would actually be kinda boring, i need somefin 2 do... RAWR!!! i miss ppl from schooolll 
is on the sofa poorly!  damn british summers!!!!
@kreacheryl i know  ive even ruined like our schedule but i cant help it cause its summer and all i do is lay in bed on my mac all night
@micaheljcaboose maybe later in the summer. But I plan on upgrading to the next iPhone next summer. Plus I already went 3.0. No jailbreak 
has got a cold, on y first day of summer holidays! 
has got a cold..on my first day of summer holidays! 
It's midsummer and it's raining?  Not fair!
@frandrescher ...and here in hamurg its very bad, raining and cold, this is not the summer!    i wish i where in malibu, too...
There was damn near no traffic on the way to work today. Is everyone on summer vacation?  Why didn't they take me? 
#inaperfectworld global warming would make it warm here. At least in summer 
This is a sucky start of a summer break  hope it gets better it's like winter here
@Dutchshe we've had a very cold start to the summer seaon here-barely over 20C and lotsa rain-garden is not growing well 
I love summer vacation! Just woke up, I could have slept later but my coughingg        was unbearable 
Turning my license in  I'm going to be lost without it. How will I survive the summer?!?
summer has officially begun; and its raining 
@DanniiEssien I know I am so super excited about this summer I already want to be tanned in a bikini drinking a morning cocktail posing 
its so rainy out!   its supposed to be sunny on summer vacay!
My summer program students are going to the zoo today and the weather is horrible...I was hoping the sun would eventually cooperate 
About to watch desperate housewives then prob tan and to some summer reading 
didnt go to work in order to find another summer gig but now I'm bored and cant go to work because I told them I'm sick 
@_deebug hahah word that was me for the first month of summer vacation 
only have one more exam to go then it summer. i have a feeling that summer is going to suck this year. I wish i could change some things 
@TMAN51092 haha sorru dude. i know only one physics final seperating you from summer 
waiting for a summer-job reply.. please god , i dont want to sit at home this summer 
ugh its gunna be another one of those monsoon summers 
@etani1 9 more days in the office...the end cannot come soon enough!  very excited for summer at the lake w/ puppy! come visit!!!
As to work on getting summer friday's for the company she works at!  
the one thing about summer thats really sad is that i miss last summer, so much. i was constantly happy. 
Raining again? I think summer is on summer vacation somewhere where it's warm and dry. 
Being sick is awfullll, especially over summer 
My poor baby has the flu  And just in time for summer vacation 
@rahmuniz I think it was about 65 here today and its the middle of summer 
@richbabe517 the showboat isn't serving food for the summer... WTF?! 
im bored... and its only been a week of summer 
I finally figured out why it doesnt feel like summer. Its cus im not at the schools bball gym when every summer it was my second home 
why is it that i feel like i get sick every summer...  allergies?! wishing i was better... sball tmr @ carroll sports complex :p
It's supposed to b summer and its raining  I hate oregon.
@becs1024  I have no money, i can't go anywhere this summer, unfortunately.
just when i thought summer was going to be school free, my friend reminded me of the summer reading packet. 
Heey finishing examsss  lameeeee but summer is here woot woot!!! :]
@bubblegarm weight too, i don't understand why, i always lose weight in winter and gain in summer, wrong way round!!!  LOL
this was the summer of 2007 i miss it  http://twitgoo.com/v9yu
first harry, now gary?! summer sports in philly will not be the same this year  farewell, gary papa. rest in peace.
Exams finishedd!! A whole summer in which i can do.......... well. .. not much really 
sooo who else got sick right when summer vacation started? 
wearing my fav shoes though they havent been worn since last summer i now have blisters 
Studying on the weekend   why do I always take classes in the summer!
trying to studdy on beautiful hot summer day 
I just dyed my hair blondish for those lovely sunny summer days... and now it is raining  boo- AND this rain might ruin my bonfire plans!!
is looking forward to getting back into a place of my own next summer/fall. I miss my own space 
end of summer camp  and the beginning of a rlly boring summer  ill miss it all &amp; that school  aww man! sleeping over justins.
its officially summer for me.. but i have no plans 
@SoniaJaxson i feel horrible....anyways  hows your summer going?
ugh summers over 
Feeling dangerously depressed tonight...feeling like summer has slipped away 
room looking all pretty with a new colour..wow my summer allergies suck, can barely breath 
I can't believe I'm saying this... but, I wish summer was over. I miss my friends. 
I don't want a storm  i hate this summer.. it sucks 
@foufoudog I haven't shopped there since last summer! I refuse to pay retail price since I used to work there. I miss my empl disc dearly 
Kids R still awake! How did that happen? They used to go to sleep @ 7, &amp; summer didn't matter!  So, now I must go to bed so they'll sleep.
Today I got a huge taste of what i am missing out on this summer. There are so many memories I dont get to create &amp;people I wont get2know 
studying hard for the tomorrow lesson... it's summer now and i still don't have a vacation 
It's dark outside, and it's only 5.30pm. I don't like winter anymore. 
@KatieFforde don't think you're following me  can't wait to lay in the sun with katie Fford...nothing better in the summer x
it just got really dark in shanghai and its a summer afternoon 
@theresafitz, @megn90 i wouldn't call it a summer; i work all the time!! i miss you both. most of all, i miss my big comfy lathrop bed 
I hate getting sick in the summer 
@rossjones take your weather sample as the last i year and it looks exactly like midsummer 
Wow i cant believe how fast summer vacation is sliping away, weve used more than 1/3 of it! 
Is up at 5 in the morning with ear problems  I hate summer colds
summer cottage here we come... no internet 
@yewww exactly, and when its summer i want the winter!! well i actually love spring, but i gotta go to school during the spring! 
Being in depression cause of summer exams 
@yewww nooo i dont like autumn! on autumn the school starts! 
@brotherabn hello! you're that azlan! they have moved outdoors becos its summer! but I can't do the distance yet 
Boatparty just got cancelled  Wish we had better summers here
spring cleaning 
I get really bad insomnia during summer break 
Flaming Jne, temp about 16C its cloudy with frequent heavy showers, typical British summer weekend. 
omg where is the summer!!!!!!!!!!!!???????????fkng hellllllll 
@skipsonrecord ooh banff is lovely. It would be freeeezing in winter though 
@causeaholic Just a real wet summer for all of us I guess. 
i'm pretty sure that this is the worst summer ever in terms of weather...it has not stopped raining since i've been home 
i dont have anything planned for the rest of the summer  until july
summer colds suck 
greatt way to start off the summer with a horrible dream 
why do all my friends leave during the summer, now i have no one to hang out with 
i really need a summer job......preferably with a TV production company lol...ive been soooo lazy this summer!!!! 
going to my last two hip-hop classes for the summer 
I love summer. We'll see how it goes once summer classes start monday 
it doesn't look like summer solstice outside 
spending the day with chandler before he leaves for the summer 
has 4 books to read and 2 packets this summer 
Going camping later this summer so I stocked up on vegan marshmallows ... just wish they were a little bigger for roasting 
doesn't think this weather is gonna be great for summer...I love the rain, but not for my summer vacation! 
leaving camp  it was an amazing week! &amp; its juust the beginning of an amazing summer. now for some taco bell...
@sophanap aww!  what summer job did you apply for?
i am bored out of mind during summer 09 
@postsecret my goal for summer? To lose the 25lbs I gained back after I lost 70 
@ojdancingboy aww last summer was fun..did you book your flight already? 
errands galore.... and hopefully the beach? if i finish all my stuff.. its 81 and humid finally chicago summer? right as i leave 
i hate weekends in summer, they're boring 
@birdandthebee Ugh it seems like everyone is going there this summer but me!  I miss roller coasters.
my summer sucks 
i really want to go see @mileycyrus @mitchelmusso and @taylorswift13 this summer too but i can't... 
drivin n summer traffic 
the heat index is supposed to be 105-110!!! wth?! its not even technically summer yet! 
Why do Germans close indoor swimming pools in summer? There are max 20C outside all summer long  here in north  hardly found one open
finally succumbed to that summer smiles cupcake 
ughhhhhh summer classes start monday! ewwww 
super bored literally. summer break is soo boring i mean i hve had worse but this is just plain terrible!  what is going on??!!
Working on geometry... Why did I choose to take this over the summer again?? 
@vegbabi: so you're finding a hot lover to spend your nights with, no? within the 65+ bracket, of course. and boo. summer in the south 
Is sad to see his girlfriend leave for summer 
In the summer. I try to do new places buh neva works out  @Kingkhaos206
damn i miss my eastend summers 
anyone going to stone henge ? summer solstice business? i would but i cant drink and drive 
Ugh. bored.  why does mi summer consist of nothing?
summers boring ... 
todae is a good day, first i get MONeYY$ then sleepover, summer is the greatest! i never want to go back to scool  stupid boys!!!
is just going to be a fat pig this summer. i know it. boohoohoo. 
ain't nothing like being in a big city during the summer. too bad we're not there 
@Jonasbrothers I really wish I could go to one of your concerts this summer, but I might not be able to . 
Its so cooooold in heree  and winter had just started u.u!
summer vacay iz boring so far 
I hate allergies  its ruining my summer !!!!
for me, this is the most boring summer vaca ever! 
Wishes i could get next week over with right now, and be home for the summer 
idkk. i think im going to read my summer reading stuff and get it over with 
summer!  but sick 
@taymur ...a picnic at the park lol it would be fun, but once the sun comes bak, haha too much rain this summer 
summer vacation! here and now! planning.... no idea yet 
@meghanxx2727 lol, itskay. It was way worse last summer. 40 days on another continent 
im on vacation but i got summer school 
@tstewart212 this growing out stage is gettin on  my nerves..i had it cut real short for spring break..and i miss it 
I miss the winter already 
Is n bed sick  gay! Who gets sick n the summer time?
Boring summers.... 
is sick  bad way to begin my summer vacation!
Off to do the midsummer achivements ! =D Boooooring 
next saturady is going to be 101 degrees! wth? I hate summer 
where the fuck are my summer heights high dvds, i've looked everywhere. argh this is depressing. 
It is so cold that I'm shivering.  I really, really don't like winter.
summer, oh summer. what have you done to me?! i'm reading at midnight 
@hansenwillgetu i may not see u this summer  out of money
woohooooooooo!!! it's summer, it's 12C and its raining again 
Is sad that he did not win the gold medal for quarters at the summer olympics like his dreams said he did 
and this suppose to be the first day of summer 
@cassieventura over here in aus its the frist day of winter.  i miss summer 
@jnoelbell don't get me started - I'm already pricing SAd machines to get me thru the winter 
I think my summer santa has forgotten me 
cold in the middle of summer, lovely 
@jpontzer I'm nervous for summer classes too 
being sick in the summer is by far the worst 
recitals over no more dance till summer classes 
@ThisIsNotHammy freaking stranger. just because it's summer doesn't mean i can't see you anymore 
i can never sleep in anymore  oh well, its summer now so i have 2 months to practice 
is saying goodbye to summer. 
I am pissed! the one day i will have off for most of the summer it has to storm... no lake for me i guess 
Writing a paper... during the summer  but its about marketing so its okay  
@and321run are you taking summer classes? I am definitely enjoying being out of class for a couple months, but I'm working too much 
homework and studying  2 DAYS till summer. i cant wait!!!!!!!!!!
the winter is here .. soupset 
have to do soooo many things to do for school...and it's the beginning of summer 
 i start working 2morrow..there goes 6weeks of my summer
wow.  one thing about summer is.  sleeeep.  and sleepin in.  i missed church.   
missing out on the zoo this summer 
normal sunday afternoon. relaxin with my sister. nice weather to freeze here, should be summer, but it is like early spring. 
it's dull  i'm thinking that there's 3 months of summer holiday and i'm already getting bored. help?!
it has been raining all week its more like winter than summer,     the kids finish school on friday for the summer
@MattyRog  twice already. still bored alone and sad   how is your summer?
@sarahndipitous That is one more aspect of British summers that's lousy - no fireflies. 
Working during the summer sucks 
I love the fact that is summer already, however I do not love this melting heat 
hottest day for ages, and i was dressed for winter 
behind on homework  But on the plus side, only two more summer classes left!
@thehannabeth me too! i hate being sick during summer 
@porchester I can't afford that  I guess my summer internet solution needs a re-think
@antiperfect indeed I am, wifey. I'm short 8 credits from receiving so I gotta take a couple of courses over the summer. it's so blaaah 
@gossipgirl havent found my summer love yet 
@chriswalts You better keep us updated. You'll be posting pics and such? I'm wicked jealous  ... I'm doing it next summer for sure.
@mshurtmeplz Too bad there are no classes in the summer! 
uuuuuggggghhhh stuck with a fat ass summer packet...!!! 
is one again stuck at Robarts...even during the summer...writing essays and studying 
So not looking forward to four classes for summer 
why aren't there any good festivals in sweden this summer  or any good concerts at all for that matter. i need music live now!
ikes, new driveway and broken tooth = no sailing this summer 
it is hella hot and muggy and it's only the second day of summer  
loving every second of summer 2009!  missing cheer a lot though 
@kassandrafranco hey babe, what did u do today? anything special for summer solstice? i miss u 
$537 for two more summer classes, damn 
@BoggyCreekBeast I will.  I never got around to readying that werewolf story yet either   do most of my reading in the winter
@miabp yeees  i guess is summer in norway ahah
Suffering from allergies!! They choose 2 flare up on the 1st day of summer! Now I'm screwed 
@BabySnakes1987 it's their new summer hours  maybe it's only weekdays
People stop calling me, I'm in summer night class 
@ArwenWeasley i should have known, we just always have to have summer reading 
hasn't done anything exciting this summer...   laaaame..
I have no idea what to do and its 2 days away and the majority of my friends have work or on summer vacation.  I get sad.
@AhmedBasset I wish I can .. My summer course starts next sunday 
Trying to keep cool.  I hate the summer heat 
@annyjules doing good- desperately searching for a summer job like you. unfortunately, no one is hiring people just for the summer. 
It is too hot for me.   This is why summer sucks.  lawl.
is doing homework...on the second day of summer.  It will pay off! (I hope )
@P8ButtonArt  I remember some very cool, no cold, summers up in your area...but I gather the last few have been brutally hot.  No fun!
school all over again. bye, summer vaca. 
@MyNayNess awww lol and ima stop by the youth conference before I go to philly I have to take summer classes 
feeliing ridiculously poorly, but being two members of my 6 man strong team down to summer colds already, I can't go home 
Sure wish the doctors could figure out what the heck is wrong with me,  3 years, can't even enjoy summer, woe is me 
has the summer skool blues 
@wendijerich @naleylover09 yes... its going to be a very long summer 
@HighlyGroovy ehhh ... i was supposed to go to chicago this summer, but i'm not going anymore 
I need a job this summer 
@ancientlullaby didn't summer classes just start? And you already have a paper? I'm sorry 
I little bored todayy  ... Why cant summer come faster  .. 3 more weeks at school Thats it ....
I really need to work on my summer homework....it's due friday and i've i done is get some info...i don't even think that its enough..... 
i hope im not doomed with back ache all summer  i can actually see that happenin
I was hoping I could lose some weight this summer but if I continue to hog, I am not going to go anywhere but down 
Really hating how bored i am. Its summer for gods sake! 
studying, the story of my summer! 
i dont really like my summer job! 
could be in for a long summer if his luck doesn't turn out 
my bad, 4 weddings, 1 summer. soooo fat 
I love being sick in the middle of summer and still having to work two jobs! 
soooo tired. winter park tonight?! i hate running errands blah! 
1st day of summer school...my summers ruined 
@jaimelondonboy A hay fever suffer liking summer, I need to take what you take. I've not looked forward to summer for years now. 
Is very jealous of his wife who has 2 months off for summer vacation.  
So I'm voted and really want to go over @frankiebabi 's house buy now it's pouring  some summer weather...
Just wants to get this corespondence done and over with!! Where's my laguna summer? 
I hate the summer holidays, there is nothing to do.  2 months of boardum to look forward to... yayness -.-
I'm not happy.... I have no friends this summer.... I talk to myself too much... just because I'm alone 
THEY ARE SEPARATING! WHAAAT? i havent watched it since spring break and now its over. ahhh. 
Definitely just had a break down or something. I'm not exactly sure. But I do know that this is a sucky summer. 
i hate summer with a passion all my summer consists of is tv and comp. i dont even hang out with ppl vbhjfslbhifs;bgvhif;ahib;gvab  *crys*
homee relaxingg. this summer is going to be so boring. nothing to do ever 
@kissability not any big plans, and my holiday is until september first i think. but i have two weeks of summer school coming up 
3 tests and 3 days left of part 1 summer college  and no job. this is starting to suck
is it gonna be a repeat of last summer all over again.. 
@thisisdestined not 4 me nah! here, summer holidays r in november/december/january -_-  so yeah i still have 1 month of school left 
@betsymaebartlet lol that video was part of our nightly every night we watch these videos summer tradition 
can't sleep ,leaving in 7 dayzz  hurricane waring for my summer destination 
is boreddd  1st week of summer is almost gone..sigh
Last day of college for summer 
I hate summers.. 
My baby girl is gone 4 da summer...she is my other half and I miss her so much. I hope she has fun &amp; summer ends soon  
needs hair cut. leaving nippon in 7 days!  summer is going by way too fast.
@heynadine there too?? its been raining all summer  kinda depressing lol
The summer is bout half gone already 
Disappointed.... pulled a summer dress from the back of my wardrobe today in anticipation but its continuing to be grey and miserable! 
@ceejayporter yeah its winter right now. and no it never snows  i wish it did. summer starts in december, ages away but i can't wait!
@jaconelli07 well that was a nice summer i supose ... i dnt want results  lol
@joerico I don't have a pool anymore    The summer will be long! ;)
eeeeeeeek, just had a wasp or bee trying to get in my room! this is one thing i hate about summer 
I'm going to miss my friends so much cuz I'm going to be away for like 3 quarters of the summer 
will miss home because I'm going to summer camp 
I'm not enjoying this whole waking up early thing during my summer 
no ones comming back this summer 
cant take any classes this summer 
The worst thing about the summer is hayfever 
so much for a bright sunny weekend. how does 80% of america have higher than average temps when we have 60's  I want summer please!
It's too sunny and hot, where winter gone? 
longgg hot day... i am a summer scrooge 
ahh summer mornings..nice..sunny..hot..a little too hot..humid..sweaty..uncomfortable..i miss winter 
Gpoing out to clean houses on my first day of summer vacation 
I hate working  it takes over my life! I just want to enjoy my summer and get tan
@cosleia It doesn't get as dark in the summer, either, as it does the rest of the year, and that just makes it hard for me to sleep. 
summer freedom? ...... well not for me 
summer just started and its not going good so far. cant wait to go out tonight, i really need to just chill with the new yorkers. 
of course workers did not show up today. porch will never be completed.  maybe next summer i can enjoy it   don't like contractors
@LizMyers first impressions are good actually, like the design, a happy-summer feeling 
its beginning to feel a lot like summer everywhere i go! 
@nicolerichie omg, yes. summer vacation! they're so old school 
http://twitpic.com/2y9yz - quite impressed that the internet still works in my garden, i feel like summer is here 
@kanter And waiting for sunrise in spring with an amazing colors 
Realized that I should be enjoying these days of summer with nothing to do and only the sunshine to enjoy 
@Fearnecotton fightstar-mercury summer! pretty please! nice summer tune to headbang in the sun to! 
@chirojenny omg, me too!! This summer is going to be the best. 
revising in the sun..its like summer 
@therealhc did you go above 88 miles per hour ? the rest of us are enjoying the spring 
spring cleaning! 
@HillaryR im doing a spring cleaning 
its summer here in manila! nice beaches.. i love it! 
wedding is over...time to finish up the semester and then hopefully just enjoy the summer 
@greatfitness I'll probably end up using the whole bottle while backpacking this summer and then some 
@youngfreshnew thank you,  &amp;&amp; my goodness yes! i can't wait til the summer, even tho i'm going to summer school but it'll be less stress
just showered and feels relieved from the summer heat!  http://plurk.com/p/oyx0z
savors the scent of summer rain. 
@mairsplaylist Not yet. I need to finish them first.  Hopefully by summer. Thanks for asking.
@DDubLover that's right, i didn't go to the spring shows!! but, i'm going to the summer one!! so ha!! i'll get to hear it there! 
I found a place in the sun... I love summer 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3bnas - amazing picture.  can't wait to see you and your brothers on tour this summer! i'm also su ...
wearing a summer dress just cuz i really want summer right now! (well i always do but, yeah..) its kinda still too cold to wear it 
@davidstripinis Sounds like a perfect day to grab my summer gear &amp; go for a long ride through the canyons. 
@ak630 haha I will hold a training session for all of team summer asap 
Hands up if you love dressing for autumn 
@ramber1220 Yay! And classes will be winding down then to.  i am ready for summer.
@luishandshake the secret handshake's new album is siiiick. 'saturday' is everything that this winter outside, is not 
@annieveillette  working on it  magic abounds, though, and I am happy. spring does wonders for the soul
@btcoffee one summer when i was younger we had a duck couple that stayed in our front yard the whole time 
@zawfi yes yes. i love summer mornings. its going to be a hot one today 
lol and did i mention that finals are over and my long long summer break is here? 
@xennus This will be my 3rd summer here 
@hmelsen yeah sorting out the jungle that used to be my garden for the summer! 
I'm learning to love this summer. Haha  And I'm afraid it's going to end in a snap 
Finals are over, and summer vacation officially starts 
Kotchy:89 is like ... full of win. album of this summer so far, alongside with martyn of course 
@kissability i'd recommend uluru, it's amazing! That should be my next summer destination 
or just wait until the tour this summer. 
past all my classes! home tom. re dueing my rooom  i think i want to work over the summer.
@SarahKSilverman Bedwetters are great during winter camps............ahhh the warmth 
shooowwweerrrrr  (after i have listened to mercury summer haha)
Soon my finals, can`t wait till it`s over. I`m ready for summer. 
@booklover1984: the bbq season is upon us again  summer isn't a case of &quot;swaluws&quot;, but of bbqs.
http://twitpic.com/4ec5b - little ladybug   how i miss summer :'(
@mmilan Ahhh summer on the horizon 
summer's here! today was so hot i was out in a bikini! summer rawkssss 
about to go home. the summer feeling is starting to hit.  also, super beyond excited for J.O.N.A.S. tonight! &lt;33
Yay for spring! I can actually sit outside and enjoy the sunshine on my break 
having a beautiful day, great weather and i am going to see the first lambs of the spring 
@julieunplugged i have been outside, being human, enjoying the spring  and back off i go!
All of these awesome celebrities are having summer concerts &amp; I want to go to all of them 
@Judn01 haha I wish! But no for summer jam 
Nothing like LeATHERMOUTH on a warm summer's day 
going to samed island next week  its summer so why wouldnt i go to the beach right?
@sel113 that sounds wonderful! I really want to learn how to play tennis this summer 
summer, sun and sunshine 
realising there's a real possibility of visiting the bay area this summer, which would be very cool. will have to lobby mum soon.. 
@MelodyLeaLamb Or summer LOL  The firewood is meant for heating the sauna at my parents summer cottage.
six flagsss summer kick off concert with chirstieeee!! 
now i really miss all you people. getting excited for this summer 
It's summer again!!! (sana!!)  http://plurk.com/p/rmmd9
talking about how much we cannot wait for summer with boyfriend  i love this kid so much
It smells like a pool outside, as weird as that sounds ha. Ahh i cant wait till summer 
NFS: world online. holy mother! coming this summer? 
I'm starting summer classes tom.  wish it's worth it.
feels like spammers season .....is called summer season 
@katrin_l unfortunately not.my work ties me down 4 the whole summer.but if there's a eu-tour this fall,I'll be there!  I want a rebound
is obviously getting bored celebrating summer! ) And now listening to music and eating some pizza. 
i gots a summer job 
@AClockworkToad yw, it gets really hot there in the middle of the summer like 110+ but right now its perfect! and less then an hour away. 
loving that spring definitely seems to be here now 
I love my mom we are going to greece this summer 
winter flu has to twitter about logies to get noticed. haha. I love rove 
@lellenator I know how to play a little bit, but I'm trying to reteach myself this summer. 
the suns gone in.....typical english spring i guess   So .. what you doing?
@plainlyphyra ...spring concert. 
@galaxystar2 I need coupon lessons this summer 
wow. it is still not dark outside. oh how I love summer! 
@schopper17 come over here! it's summer everyday 
ready to start the travels over the summer... 
It's another flip flop summer 
@chezus1 I'm enjoying the summer mangoes and jamuns here. It's really hot but these two things make the summer better  need to bake more
is signed up for fiddle fest this summer.  dancing, and fiddling, and being with friends. so much fun!
sleeping on a mattress with no covers. yummy. moving this morning! I'm going to spend sooo much time in the park this summer! 
hurry up summer! I need a tan 
can't wait till the summer break start!!!!  4 more weeks of school, theeen!!!
Up early, enjoying how pretty it is! I love spring/summer mornings 
@artpetty Perhaps you can both meet in the middle somewhere.. You could probably also use a little 'vegging out' over summer? 
My new summer jacket by @desigual   http://twitpic.com/55di7
is excited that she has now officially finished her spring semester of school ... summer break here we come!  
@eberglund i'll try to check it out  how are their live performances these days?they're here this summer! #punk #parkpop
only has to pass one more assignment before finishing uni for the summer 
@DavidArchie in a scale of 1-10 how much excited are you for your upcoming tour with demi lovato this summer? 
I'm excited for my brother being back for the summer. 
sweet summer time  &lt;3
13 days till summer !   scared+excited+nervous+happy+accomplished=crazzzyy 
@tcross08 they don't light them up anymore... But I smile when I pass them and think of you! That was a happy summer for so many reasons! 
I had a good evening with an old friend  looks like my spring/summer is going to be AwEsOmE YaY!!!
this summer is full of reunion tours which i am just a tiny bit excited about 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/59s0j - awwww!! fun! it's like winter in the middle of summer! (sorta) lol 
best part of summer- watching the poor kids play around a broken fire hydrant! 
is planning to go get some books for her summer  NIIIIICE!!!!!
Weekend almost over , and theres only 1 month 1 week and 3 days till summer vacation !!!! so excited about that  &lt;3
i'm reading now a lot of books - as i have been doing since the summer shine broke... 
Just went shopping and I have all my summer clothes! 
has just bought some new shoes and a coat for summmmer  if only icolud remember what summer is......
You know its summer when you're on the river every weekend hammered. 
@summer_giirl beeeeautiful pic 
only one more week of uni left... then roll on summer .. 
@EviLovesMcFly we start our summer sme day after next week  nd lol use have bril weather,id love to b in germany for winter(wuld b bril)
lovin this summer weather  bbq today I looove my boys!
Listening to U2 with my dad...it's finally starting to feel like summer around here. 
This summer ima sale more beats then you!! 
@mikegentile http://twitpic.com/5dcgv - These look cool  I can't wait to see you guys this summer! *cough*july 24 ;)
schools out for summer 
summertime 
Looking up summer jobs 
so glad my boyfriend is out of the hospital and feeling better...now back to summer 
this weekend was a blast!  I love summer but now I have to finish this math project...2 weeks till graduation!!! 
has only more week until sweet, sweet summertime 
can't wait til summer vacation! 
ahhh I wanna watch camp rock &lt;3 it reminds me of summer  &amp; I just loveeee that movie
@melicor if I am thinking of the right person then I am glad to say I will thankfully not be there this summer 4 his visits 
lets twist again like we did last summer  lol
im excited for all the shows im planning on going to this summer yeeeeeah! 
yay finally got all my marks back! No more worrying for the rest of the summer 
had a gooood weekend  summer school in the am =/
summer is so close!  can't wait. but then again, i like to take life slow so i can cherish every second i have on this earthh. unless they
looking forward to my two weeks of summer vacation 
t smells like summer outside.  i dig that.
I want summer now... i'm getting impatient. 
@flipsta_inc ooo that's cool  any plans for summer?
Thinking about camp this summer is making me excited all over again  I've forgoten how happy camp makes me...can't wait to see everyone 
@keetahkey those are mocking birds! They get it in round midnight, it means its summertime! 
cant wait for summer!! 
After a winter of frozen berries, summer is here today - fresh peach with my morning muesli. 
@LiveToLoveMcFLY i want summer vacation as well   have a lovely day! xx
Just finished getting ready, I have to stay afterschool all week till 5:00 for color guard tryouts 
spring storms = &lt;3 
cant wait for summer, hopefully by then i'll have some zimmermann and vincija in the wardrobe  but i do (L) winter!
3 and a half more days til summer '09!  
Finally got a summer job 
back 2 work! ugh only 19 more days til summer break!! 
is off to his first day of summer classes... woo hoo!!!!   
is loving life i cant wait for summer  Beachhhh&lt;3
@PaulFrankRizzo now here it's beautiful..a warm spring is arrived 
i don't want to go to work... i think i should have the summers off 
raining here. how am i suppose to go swimming? maybe our summer will start in june too. hello four seasons! 
SHAZAMMY!!! exams finished...the summer starts here!!! the milky bars are on me 
@TTTorrez would be a nice way to kick off the summer 
its almost over!!  summer is just around the corner 
@work. tonight some good friends and a fresh summer air! homeless weekend 
I on my way to getting summer internshp at medical facility. Today i will know what exactly will be! 
it's raining oh so hard... in the middle of summer.... I love the rain 
@alyleano haha. ohryt  its my summer already. parang ewan lang. two weeks.
i have today off, i'm sitting in my summer house with the sun shinning through, it's all good 
@mishee88 I know, super fast summer vacation (as usual). Thanks! 
@fitnessbox We are indeed. We're recording through the summer, so you can all relax 
chilling with my michelle, we love winter 
Just realized that I'm looking very handsome in my summer trousers! 1-0 to me 
day: college, beach party!! first of the summer (&amp; year) 
@jeayese To be released at the end of summer, along with a tour, booyah! I am freakin' seeing them again 
Has only two more weeks until summer vacation. 
hiya summer  !!
@chelseamoss  how is everything going? hope summer is so far so good 
can't wait for tomorrow. did anyone take physics 71 this summer? 
13 days till begins - there goes the summer again   #craptv #bigbrother
@SquareJaw yes! sooo hot in summer. we have no school if it's too hot  i usually swim in the holidays,
planning on how to spend the last two weeks of my vacation..i don't want the next semester to start yet.  haha. 
vacation! summer class is over. hooray. 
@siansburys oh no! maybe it's getting it out of it's system so you'll have a nice summer? i hope 
going to woork, and do the last polish, before hell breaks loose... It's going to be a nice summer 
for all of you who is planning to travel this summer...  I want a cooler climate!
@WonderfulWomen Thanks, glad to hear it...here comes summer 
is walking to work without a jacket!!! Yay summer!! 
cant wait for next summer caoching tennis in the U S of A 
@yygallvox but now they doing nationwide tour in the summer...i think the bunny is going to japan in autumn then  
@Gailporter  flowers usually bloom in the summer 
Its summertime 
outside in the garden eatting strawberries, with my summer gear on and sunglasses&amp;on the laptop  cant wait till summer!! This is great 
going to redo my bedroom this summer  looking forward to it
I'm excited for the new things to come this summer. 
it feels good being on summer vacation! 
Starting2see the end of my college course......only 1more week to go,then bring on the summer  x
@boudga oh thanks   I've been here about 8 months now, lived through part of last summer so I know what I'm in for.
summertime is here!!!!!! Yay 
I love summer thunderstorms 
So wats ya'lls plan for the summer??? 
@JoanAllenPhoto no worries, but maybe I can come crash a shoot sometime soon before summer starts and then we can catch up too 
@paisleypaisley LOL why do i get ideas so far in advance? it's not even june yet! we need a third knitter to have our own summer group 
http://twitpic.com/65zqp - winter formal! ah great times 
@lelebee summer of 98 is gonna be how our summer turns out lelekins. haha.  summer 09 cuz were the class of 09!
getting ready for da summer!   
@Leapbaby29 omg I so should!!!! that would be so fun  whenever we're all free. sometime this summer for sure!
So I've been busy all summer. This isn't much of a break for me but at least I'm spendin it doin somethin I love 
@destroyeddesign Thanks so  much! I'm thinking about it once I get settled into my new home this summer.  
@therealtiffany are you gonna be at demis tour this summer? If so... what dates? 
I finally finished my homework  ahh summer is almost here&lt;3 amazing times coming soon.
@ddlovato hey demi  i hope i get to meet you again this summer  you're such a sweet girl 
@conniegella Can we switch? I like the sun and hate the winter - for me spring and summer, maybe a bit of autumn is enough. 
and now I have to go pack and we'll be off.  yaaaay 'we're all going on a summer holiday..'
@astrid_sunrise I only have 2 weeks of summer vacation left. It's like we live in a parallel world. 
ooo summers on its wayyy 
@AnikaWS im great, summer party season is on its way  plus we are melting down here!
@AyakaPalms That's good, enjoy your summer vacation.  I'm doing well, thanks...take care! 
@RichieInLondon brilliant idea  it feels like summer yey!
cant wait for the summer 
planning my summer vac! 
