Most common words for this cluster:
[('sun', 1331), ('go', 61), ('gone', 48), ('day', 39), ('work', 35), ('burn', 35), ('lol', 25), ('days', 21), ('http', 18), ('amp', 18), ('shine', 17), ('heat', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'sun', 0.9674859046936035), (u'sunlight', 0.7070717215538025), (u'sunshine', 0.695505678653717), (u'sun_rays', 0.6588220000267029), (u'sunrays', 0.6545420289039612), (u'Thick_smoke_obscured', 0.6317675113677979), (u'gave_Aliodor_headache', 0.6245229840278625), (u'noonday_sun', 0.6232994198799133), (u'Diana_Krasinki', 0.61843341588974), (u'dried_tomato_pesto', 0.6179680824279785)]





the sun sets way too early 
finishing the tax return... instead of making some tracks or enjoying the sun... 
It appears I am allergic to the dish soap we were using - my hands are peeling like they have a very bad sun burn 
Not matter how much time I spend in the sun I don't ever get a tan  just get silly freckles.
is loving the sun  but is upset she cant make the picnic thurs 
I love the sun!! I hate school that keeps me out of the sun 
sunburnt from lying out in the sun all day   undeterred from continuing to lie in the sun tomorrow
nearly the end of the family visiting  zoo was brilliant and loving the sun sun sun! having a cheeky drinkies x
where did the sun go? 
It's beautiful outside yet again....and again I can't spend the day playing in the sun 
and the sun is hidden again 
Why is it I feel unwell at the weekend when the sun is shining? 
Sitting in the sun. It feels good, but in a wk I'll have to sit in the shade 
of course when i go outside the sun goes away 
Shopping with little miss big boobs instead of laying in the sun 
Aack-The sun! Fuuuuuccccckkk it's hot! 
street reach is finished for another yera  and now jst to heal the sun burn
burning flesh smells good in the morning...ouchies got the sun burn real bad!  
where did the sun go? 
@brazilian_angel so lucky, sun was out here, but warm enough to bathe in 
where did the sun go? 
why is it when the sun is shining i have to go to band practice 
back from spain last night  missing the heat the sun out in england but its cold lol x no shcok there then
sun is cool.. but macbook not usable on the balcony 
is loving the sun but can't enjoy it as he has work to do 
The sun has gone now 
is literally baking in the sun! ahh i am sooo dark! 
@vaughnlowery it's that michigan breeding, man. takes the sun tolerance right out of us. 
is wanting to go out in the sun 
Where'd the sun go?  
where did the sun go?? 
has school tomoro.  i just hope the sun stays with us (Y) xxxd
is feeling really uninspired right now. When will the sun shine again on me? 
feeling ill i think its too much sun 
Wondering when the sun will come out again. (sighs) 
I can see the light... oh wait, that's the sun rising. 
I am going to enjoy the sun...got no suncream so will defo be a lobster this evening 
The sun is shining and I'm at work 
Is loving the sun, shame I have to go back to work 
The sun is out. I want to be out in it but not alone! What a bugger 
is in work an the sun is shinningn outside 
Wants the sun to come back...  
@ plancius in the sun.... great, and missing my team 
Lunch in the sun was nice! didnt want to put the sunny's away! 
sat baking in the sun before have to start the nightshift!!!no alcohol though 
I wish the sun would come out 
loves the sun but the sun doesnt love me 
@kevatkinson cold  waiting for sun to come out
@ayyodaph whooooa i was just reading midnight sun! im on 101 and need to sleep but i cant stop  lol
blue sky, the sun is shining....and i have to work today.. 
@gfalcone601 lucky the sun is shinning!! the sun is no where to be seen in sydney 
Wish i was outside in the sun. 
is wondering if this is the end for #mysql now #orcale own #sun 
is up before the sun...only to find out his flight's delayed  (oh well, at least I got gummy bears!)
I see the sun. I see my timetable. I go to my lesson. I don't see sun. 
@AberOnline Where did the sun go? 
I payed for two magazines but i forgot to take them with me  So it's just me and my lunch now.. And the burning hot dutch sun.
sun is shining, trees are a beautiful green, but inside the airconditioning is way too cold... unfair world 
The sun only always shines on TV, actually 
i am going to the bed. have a good sleep. i want my sun waking me up 
I hate revising when the sun comes out and I'm stuck inside  
@s___ Haha lucky you  my sun's down already. I have a cold.
Where, oh where did the sun go? 
stupid sun doing the okekoke 
I miss my mam and dad there enjoying the sun without me 
oh no...... the sun. Not again. 
The sun is shining. Birds are singing, and im going to work 
Where has the sun gone? 
It's boring... I don't like to learn when the sun shines 
the sun is out!!! but I'm on my way to work. 
is annoyed that the cloud keeps covering up her sun 
loves the sun! off to work soon though 
Why did the sun go away??? 
What happened to the sun, it's all a little cloudy now. 
wishes the sun was out more, or it was warmer out.  Not quite warm enough to sit outside for long 
happy that the sun is out! but it's too cold to lay out and catch the rays in my bathing suit 
I can't find the sun 
i miss the sun!! #fortworth has been soo gloomy the past few days 
the sun is coming up and i didnt even get to go to sleep yet    lol
the sun has gone away 
Where's the sun ? 
where's the sun? 
Where'd the sun go? It looks like rain 
The sun has gone in 
@vaughnchicago I am so so... gray skys don't help me much these days... that little spirt of sun made all the difference but it's gone 
ahhh i am so bored. my face is super sun burnt 
I woke up and it was raining and I'm trying to sleep and it's raining again.I wish the sun is out tomorrow 
okay, @kittyclarice has been drooling all day. she has been in warm sun, and her food is out... stimuli or disease !? 
@babygirlparis OoOoOh romantic island vacation....get some sun for me please! I have absolutely NO sun where I am, just rain. 
good morning  sun is in the sky time to go to work  see you tonight xx
How guttin. One day in the sun and im sunburnt! 
@EleaB I avoid the sun as much as possible.  It makes me go all red and itchy 
So nearly finished my course unit! Just wish I hadn't missed all the sun. 
@patttyjonas i didn't even get that dark! i spent four hours in the sun too! 
Aww where the sun go 
Womdering if the sun will ever shine. 
may day fair was fun, but i got a sun burn 
@Freiyja Wow, I never realized you took that many. I had to delete a lot because of the shiny sun 
it's so HHHOOOTTT!!! the sun is mad, really really mad! 
foot still bleeding so can't wakeboard  or rather, forbidden to wakeboard  but will still be on the boat enjoying the sun!
I don't sleep when the moon is up but when the sun is.  
Where did the sun go..? 
but would prefer to sit out in the sun 
@NiaBassett It isnt sunny where I am!  But glad your enjoying the sun xD
It's still raining outside.   I think we're due for a sunny weekend.  Where's the sun that they've been promising to us?
feel fully rejected lately! bad bant  altho i love the sun 
going to iron now that the sun is behind that bloody tree... It's freezing outside! 
where did the sun go? it looks like it rain! not happy 
needs the sun to shine so she can go to the beach... it's only 10 minutes away and it's torture not being able to take advantage of that! 
drinking tea &amp; missing the sun  x
- the sun keeps leaving us... 
please, bring back the sun!!! need some sun now... feels like it's autumn... don't like that feeling... it's depressing 
i got darker!!  because of d lousy sun... 
The sun is shining and I'm inside working 
Where has the sun gone 
I m busy in buying grocery and the sun is busy in burning me! 
sun burnt and quaratined 
is missing suzie the mini and all of her choons!  when will i see the sun again aimo?   
@samjmoody  I wish the sun would come out 
i just ate ice cream! i'm hatin the summer heat coz i'm stuck here at home when i should be out on the beach enjoying the sun 
brrr it's freezing despite the sun 
The sun is shining and it's raining, but no rainbow 
wow its freezing out, where did the sun go? 
@MIZZ_MARII ...no girl in the tanning salon thers no sun outside today... 
's tan isn't happening. No sun  headed back to mobile county http://myloc.me/12ye
Yaaay getting a tan. . . . finally ! I've been working so much that I can't take advantage of the sun 
@barbara_hymus The sun is out.But it is windy 
Pissed my internets is acting up. I'm trying to read midnight sun. 
Working!!  But the sun shining ;)
where did the sun go? 
Wish the sun would come out 
ONIM!!!! too cold and windy to lay out in the sun 
I'm still waiting for the million - the sun did't take this long to appear 
I was quite hopeful earlier when I saw the sun but it didn't want to hang around 
the sun isnt shining 
sooooo burned! apparently 40 mins in the sun is 40 mins too many.  
i had so much enegry when i got off the bus and convinced myself i would go for a run, then the sun decided to go to sleep 
Why must it be cloudy? I can't get up early without the sun raping me  (although I did wake up at 6:30)
There goes the sun, do-do-do-do 
@nicolemagiey I'm good I'm good! How be you? I come home tmorra  I best bring the sun back with me!
this sun burn sings 
@cassidystarship it burns more than sitting on the sun dont it 
the sun is not shining, its actually raining 
Oh damn. Now it's raining  Where is the sun??
where's the sun go 
where'd the sun go? 
Oh its the sun! 
has catched a cold -.- and the sun is shining.... 
what happened to the sun? 
Where did the sun go?? It's chilly in the park. 
am sick from playing in the sun too much 
He's getting off early so that should be fun.. too ad theirs no sun 
@eastofthesunart Sounds lovely! The sun has decided to be shy now here 
What happened to the sun? 
found out yrs.ago that the sun wipes me out, That really Sucks!! I love the outdoors,but i have to wear so much crap! 
I'm super tired. I think I spent too much time out in the sun. 
now cant sleep as the sun rises to early! 
i miss you my sun!!! 
@Madsocks me too, and everything else under the sun 
@daveg38 yeah work today  never mind only one day then sun sun sun....
damn another day at the office, the sun is bursting from the sky...and the women are eh well...back to the keyboard 
The sun is shining and I'm stuck in work 
@halina1979 what sun?  
@kathtrinder @samscam what's that? The sun? No sign here 
The sun has gone in! 
sun - where are you? 
you know you're working to late when you hear about the sun setting via twitter 
@wethehunter there is no sun here in florida..it's all rainy and cloudy. 
ive burned like a ginger kid in the sun. now my arms are red 
I saw the sun..... but then I blink and it was gone 
ehhh.scratch laying out.no sun  going out to lunchhhhh.
hates not being able to see his monitor. I have about 25 minutes before the sun is not blinding me 
didnt enjoy having to say goodbye to alex, v emotional times  but the sun is making me happy !
just done planting the garden...hope sun will shine soon! 
@eoghancasey oh no!!    i wish i could lay out in the sun!!  i have no garden...LOL
I wish the sun would shine. but it won't 
has been told shes not allowed in the sun tomorow!  either that or wear sun cream! 
Oh no... The sun's gone! 
had a great session canvassing in the sun... but now is miserable cus i have no1 to go to the pub with 
Where is the sun!! 
The sun is not cool 
Babysitting in the sun and heat. I'm getting lots of freckles 
it was actually so hot today ..the sun has got his hat on . every one has got a tan except me 
35 hours in the sun=rash 
Just woke up and saw that the sun isn't out  I need to start waking up early
@jingruz you can have the sun too. It all sucks, especially for my pale whiteman skin.  @mfnbpwnz I can't stop sneezing, and I blame you.
I wish the sun would come out...I guess it doesn't matter since I'm at work and can't enjoy it anyways 
football in the sun has owned me 
I am beginning to think sun blcok is a haox.  
@jeannethinks I would love to see the sun again.  It has been raining here for 3 days now.  
The sun is breaking through the clouds!...and now it's covered up again. 
@BADDESTnLA I'm in traffic on the 405 and I still don't see the sun 
hey there @larkn0298 how are you going? looking forward to weekend, sadly im workin both sat sun 
is missing the cuban sun, the beach and the vitamin R 
Ugh! I got a sun burn 
These sun dresses are not titty friendly.....too many close calls 
@mckenna_face crappy sun screen will do that to ya! 
The sun was out and now it is gone  and i am cold again D=
@DomFeeney I can't beat him  he keeps re healing even after I put the sunlight on him! D:
http://twitpic.com/68o1w - spf 85 and one hour in the sun. 
@Maxalfie48 so neither of us will see much of sun then  morning by the way have good sleep
it's raining again! I miss the heat of the big bright sun. uuhh! 
ouch sun burn 
@henryandfriends no breeze up here  I have to stay in the shade too, I have very pale skin (fur!) and I go red if I sit in sun too long xx
is off to work again but wants to be sitting in the sun  the sun better stay for my days off, and i'm still thinking about last night :S
The sun is starting to come up and I'm nowhere near bed or bella and penelope 
The sun is out...the sky is blue...and a whole day of cleaning and tidying awaits.....BOOOOOOO 
@primaryposition sat out in the sun drinking all day. I seem to be ultra-violet-intolerant 
W/o you my sun doesn't shine. 
has no friends to enjoy the sun with 
hahahahahhahahha. going to work and missing out on all the sun! 
Loving the sun but too ill to do anything 
i hate being irish and having plae skin that burns in the sun 
@TipperaryTed I feel i could be the first to die of hangover-related sunlight exposure 
@zebedeejane aww shame  never mind enjoy the sun you will have to get an umbrella for garden so you dont get too hot xx
is nearly all packed but loving the sun too much. not fair i have work soon 
is wondering what the sun has against weekends 
The sun is coming up and I'm still not asleep. 
Why am I always working when the sun is out? 
Where is the sun?  Lindaa i miss you..
hiding from the sun 
Still in my pjs...concentration slipping. I want to go out in the sun!! 
On hampstead heath, soaking up the sun  and the wind too 
Mcdonalds ice cream and then a stroll in the sun - shame the stroll ended up back at work 
is enjoyin lookin at the sun and blue skies but is sad i cant enjoy it 
i hope the sun lightens it  twilight !!!
wanting the sun to come out 
The sun is finally out!! And I have to go to work 
@ubershinysheep aww... I have no-one to go outside with either  the sun. it taunts me with its sunniness.
wants to be outside in the sun, not stuck indoors! 
i think i am going to get a sun burn 
only saw the sun for a minute!  come back!
the sun is blinding my eyes, i really need to buy some sunglasses 
Why does the sun always go away when I actually have time to enjoy it 
I need the sun, the beach, and the heat! Why is it so rainy here? 
ahhhhh the sun hates me !!! Its so unfair 
What a super beach day!! and what a sun burn 
yay i like the sun now  not going to fia's though 
ugh. tooo hot, fell asleep in the sun for 3 hours without sunblock on, so now im uncomfortable AND sunburnt. 
TIRED! The sun has taken it all out of me, don't even think I'm burnt either  x
@katherinemarsh no.. i meant the sun !!! lol... not the hayfever... i hate it too 
the sun is shining again!!!!!! shame that its not as nice as it is in florida 
but how can i go on? 'cause when i'm in the sun i see your shadow on the ground, but you're never there when i turn around 
One hour in the sun and i look like a lobster. I hate burning easy 
@bagelmouseuk My umbrella thing is pretty shite - and I don't get any sun with it up 
@ShanonXOXO I miss u ! You left and the sun went with you !  It's not the same  without u 
@tomlambe sweeeeeeet, the sun has fully drain me of all energy, wax on tonight too  x
got soaked from the pressure washer boo  that's what I get from studying in the sun
@BefiBeez i get hot really easily when the sun is out and i burn easily too 
isnt in the sun because i have sunburn! 
@anikakai send the love and sun shine please... i'm currently void of both! 
http://twitpic.com/69r01 - where is the sun ...... 
sun sea fish'n chips. Waiting for train back to big smoke 
where's the sun ? 
had fun in the sun untill i was shat on 
the sun is leaving heinekensquare 
Ahhh.  I'm sittin in the sun in jeans and a black shirt... it's friggen hot.  I hate the sun. 
Should be out enjoying the sun..but im not 
@jesslina Did the sun come out over there?  It's still overcast here 
@DiemBrown I agree!  I am very upset about the lack of sun 
Watching old episodes of 90210 because there is no sun 
Hey! Where did my big beautiful sun go?!? 
is soo sun burnt...this is why people in scotland should wear sun cream 
went in the sun for literately 5 mins and i got sun burnt 
i have a sun burn great and i have skool in 2 days 
ugh where's the sun at :/ i thought this was sunny california? 
had to sit in the sun  atleast I don't get sunburns easily...instead I just tan
the sun stopped shining.  now its all gloomy.
@megster1986 ouch  damn english sun, its so deceptive!
all sun burned &amp; sore  wishing i didnt lie out in the sun so long.
My sun burn hurts! 
SUNBURN  i hate the sun
Missing the greenery of bukit timah...  why are there so few trees in my estate to block the harsh rays of the sun?
My tea has gone cold already  and as much as I love the sun, it's just making me feel worse 
@drunkenmonkey87 I thought you said you stayed out of the sun 
The sun is shining but there is a really fresh wind 
Loving the sun......but hating the hayfever....   
is packing  which means im missing the sunny sun 
would rather be in a pub in the sun. 
Sitting in the sun waiting for my French toast to arrive. @cmgowcity is in the shade already 
is considering to sit in the sun shine to make my goal not gonna happen thou 
The sun comes out and im full of  cold... owh 
i wish it was raining  sun sun...go awayy.    mr francis tonight, mm.
is sat outside in the sun with her sister &amp; 'friend' and now has to walk to work! boo  shithole.
I can still smell smoke! bloody bonfire, I wish I could just laze in the sun like eddy 
want to play in the sun 
is cracking on with some work but really wants to be out in the sun, but cant due to sunburn 
aww the joys of the Britih sun!!! I think i'm letting this sun go to my head. This really is not good revising weather 
I have sun burn  one day in the sun and i burn grr, no fair
sat in the sun  duin hwrk  and listnin 2 sun tunagee (H) love da sun baybyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
is missing the sun cus she has to revise 
sun burned and extremely frustrated. 
grrrrr where is everyone??? enjoying the sun i expect! 
hates being cooped up revising when she could be outside in the sun 
is kinda worried. why do i have white spots on my skin from the sun  is that healthy? 
working on my thesis when I should be out playing in the sun!! 
just remembered the second reason why she hated the sun/heat 
inexplicable......suddenly the sun..nope it's not up yet. I've got a fever all of a sudden 
@MrsMcFlyGrimmy soak up the sun for me! i've had to stay inside as hayfever decided to plague me  it's shit!
@mattkavanagh fo shoooo you wish. im burning!  i don't normally burn in the sun...
i really hate rainy days  bring back the sun!
afternoon wifi is brill..on the deck catching the sun...but I am working   mmm
up early! 6:30am WesCoas, need to get some aloe for my sun burn 
wants to be in the sun, supping some wine chillin out...but isn't 
Just enjoying the sun... shame i can't get a tan! not allowed out long enough 
I'm about to die- been gardening in the blazing sun, and I need to get it finished today 
Is sat in his garden all on his own  but enjoying the sun shine
@eleesha I can't relax laying in the sun.  Last time I did that I fell asleep and got a severe sunburn. 
@JeannieRich it was too hot for me so I just had to sit in the shade 
I'm being punished for my naughty behaviour this year...the sun is burning me 
Where is the sun and why doesn't it want to come out for us  
@andygriffwozere that picture of the sun. It looks prettier that here  I don't know who to vote for...
great, freckles are starting to show everywhere now..  stupid sun.
sun shining and i'm too tired to enjoy 
why twiiter on cp isn't working on sun? 
@nicoleswheeler   what sun? 
Basking in the sun in zurrieq...working tonite 
i love the sun (L) burnt my legs  x
hasnt even been outside in the sun 
sat outside... where did the sun go?! 
Ahh i forot how good the sun felt!! Even tho I have to go back to school tmro!! 
what a lazy day... just watching 90210. it seems even the sun is lazy...neither of us is outside  texxxxxt
Just toke a break, and went in the sun. To bad you simply can't edit photo's in the sun 
i cant sleep  awwww :'(... sun is on my window
I've been out in the sun WAAAy to much today..  But at least I got a tan! 
@HappyCrashFAIL I don't envy you at all working nights. It must be extra depressing when the sun is out. 
has almost recovered from ball but is stuck revising evil organic while the sun shines. 
@Backstothewall have to do an exhibition proposal yet  the sun must wait for me
the sun is making me sleepy 
back inside!  stupid wind and then the sun coming baccck &gt; grrrr
@JackPierce haha I usually stay out of the sun but was just playing and now burnt 
the sun hates me  more aftersun for me...
sun burn is really itchy 
- don't ignore the smell of sizzling skin when you're sitting in the sun! 
fell asleep in the sun on my balcony.. i'm lovin' the evening sun! now i have to get my books again and study 
I didn't bring my hoodie because I knew I'd be in the sun and now I'm cold 
enjoying the sun.. although it's a bit too windy 
sun is still warm, but have to get on with work 
got sea, sun and sunday. Everything but the girl 
my allocated 15mins in the sun has run seriously overtime 
wonders where the sun went 
where'd the sun go? 
It's getting really dark outside! Where is the sun? 
@chrismcelligott The sun disappeared 
it's raining outside ! I just want sun, but I haven't seen the sun for some days now. 
@TresselSet which one do you have? i think the diet coke could be substituted if you have the sun! very foggy here 
loving the sun - but got burnt  haha.
Where did the sun go?!?!? 
Applying some faketan, yes I know its cheating but i've been in the sun for a while and I have no tan 
@CaraDiAngel I love the sun! And I'd love to play. What day do you leave?currently I'm horribly sick with fever galore 
I think ive got sun stroke 
has been sitting out in the sun all day &amp; has horrible sun burn marks 
has been burned by the sun! 
just got the worlds worst sun burn. i look like a strawberry 
a day in the sun/shade and i am now suffering with sunburn  damn.....yay school 2moro -_-
I hate teh sun... working in the sun is nooo fun 
I hate teh sun... working in the sun is nooo fun  http://tinyurl.com/nzl7d2
Wish i could be outside enjoying the sun... 
sun burn  :L ohh well least its sunny:L
revising maths sucks ecpecially when i could be enjoying the sun 
Aww the sun is gone. 
where is the sun? I don't like overcast days 
@stevebiscuit im going to the zoo so might get some good sun, but i burn and peel... 
@kaboogie it really is odd. The sun is shining bright but it's pouring. I don't think it'll last though. Last load's in the dryer now 
been working so much, missed the 3 days of sun we've had so far! 
@hannahpoulton oh dear  not good! wheres your sun cream?.... i've not been out in the sun at all yet as i've been in work 
why does the sun make me itch? 
sun didnt shine down on me  i should really try and go do some laundry...get motivated!
sliiightly sunburnt!  buut don't want the sun to go awaay.
@DJruckusredd aww I wish the sun was out in south bay. 
melanin deficiency+sunshine = sun burn 
Not loving the sun burn quite so much as the british summer 
i'm deffinetly(sp?) immune to the sun 
@MrStusticles Think so where im toasted from sun im giving of heat aswell 
my sun burn hurts  and i need chapstick.
Ouch.... sun poisoning.  
it's half past 7, the sun's shining...and I'm off to work  LOL
@MarleeMatlin tweet peep from the sunny south coast of uk...the sun is out but must head off to work 
Some one drank all my capri sun, i wanted to cry 
The sun is shining but work is looming 
Goodmorning everybody!! The sun is shining and I think my parasol is broken 
should have got up early and come to work, not left it til this afternoon when i'd rather be out in the sun 
is goona be at work serving horrid customers ...while the sun is raging and i'm not getting a tan   
is enjoying the sun!!!!!!!!! but at work... 
too much sun = fried scampi 
@UKBI see, thats the problem with working in IT. You cant see the screens well in the sun! 
morning! why aren't you shining sun? 
@iamboutique not complaining about the sun, complaining about being in the office when the sun is out 
@madharrissmith @mikeglad how have u not noticed this before? we have skylights bt they are small n hide the sun  good luck over summer ;)
just want to go out and play in the sun!!! 
@DebbieJay It's pretty warm over here, ya. The buildings are that tall they block out half the sun though. 
I'm totally burning stood out here in the sun 
sunburnt from yesterday bbq in the sun  gunne wear cream 2daii
off to work  lovely outside want to sit in the sun
Off the roof now, too hot and no suncream  back in the shade now
@TiaLucia did you also wish for it to be fricking cold? i want the sun back... 
Up bright and early to study after a two hour slumber  but the sun is shining.
has just been out in the sun for a minute... but had to come back inside, unfortunately. 
I just slept in the sun, haha why wont my legs get a nice tint.. 
bored at work while the sun is just chillin outside 
is sitting out of the sun - it doesnt mix well with pregnancy! 
i wanna go out in the sun, not to the orthodontist 
@rickoshea If it's any consolation I'm missing the sun too because of work 
spf 15 is just rubbish, the sun is still burning a hole in my skin 
and I have returned! why is the sun so cruel! its baking me flesh 
im sitting here and wait that the sun shines 
yay for sunburn!!  god this sun is evil!!!!!!!!
i'm so bored...outside sun is shining and i'm sitting in school 
has 6 days left ...  and is packing and cleaning inside from the sun 
@titicuervo i know the news said 100 sat/sun  not looking forward to it. it was already SO hot this past wkend
out in the sun  doing c/w :/ 
grrrr the sun has gone away  come backk i want to tan in my back garden not under uv lights in a shop!!!
spent four hours sunbathing XD but now the trees are blocking a big enough patch of sun to put my towel in  x
Is at a kids party when I should be in the sun 
Dying of heat. Just fell asleep in the sun 
why is it that everytime the sun comes out i'm stuck inside working 
woking..how boring when the sun is shining! 
at work while the sun is out and awesome!!! 
In lancaster with her girlies!! Not in the sun 
I have a major headache  dam sun and not enough to drink 
lol, i sat in the sun too long, and now im all red 
Where's the sun!?! It's almost noon here. 
sun burn isnt nice  watching eastenders i havent seen it in ages got to try catching up!
went to M&amp;D's en now im all sun burnt 
too much sun  makes you sun burnttt a lesson well learnt lol.
making the most of the sun,, trying to get a tan but not,, just getting burnt 
@casiestewart It's not out up here  I miss the sun.
too much sun and beer. 
I forgot to put sunscreen on  oops!!! I'm now trying to hide from the sun LOL
@sandihs  did the sun come out?
Wish I could be in the sun 
Where'd the sun go? 
loves the sun. Really need to crack on with revision at some point, i'm so lazy 
aoww, I hate to get burned by the sun, it hurts like... 
Bad sun burn  not good.
@mollyputz88 how is life in the sun? jealous of your sun and sand-started out beautiful, 70s w/a nice breeze-turned to cold, windy 50s 
http://twitpic.com/6fgvy - haha i spent too much time in the sun! my rather sunburnt face 
sun burns hurt so bad 
just arrived in the office... the heat of the sun makes me sick 
Any suggestions to help with a bad sun burn? 
I love the sun so why does it hate me? 
I listen to a song where they singing this -&quot;The sun is shinin' just the way we  like it&quot;- That is sooo not true in the netherland 
Morning...doesn't the sun bring out the best in you...everyone seems happy, bet that changes over the w/end when sun goes 
the sun is shining. I'm at work. 
Off to worky....boo...i want to play in the sun. 
Aw the sun has gone 
Where has the sun gone 
grrrrrrrrrrrrr i was enjoying the sun 
Going to work in a few minutes.... While the sun shining outside 
i am bored bored bored of chemistry i want to play in the sun too 
I got to start I'm in gdn loads to do out here dogs bloody jumping all over was getting sun rays makes 1feel better I better get started 
@_H_anna_H_ i'm great and the sun is shining outside too and me, i'm in the box with the neon light 
the sun has left the north east of scotland!!  come back soon!
Just been out side in the sun for a few, now back to work 
Is stuck in work whilst the sun shines 
Not long out of bed, why did the sun have to disappear? 
but i am already burnt to a crisp and unwell its probably best i avoid the sun 
jobb hunting to keep my out of the sun. i have no hope of getting one 
all this sun and i have a cold 
Where the hell has the sun gone 
In the labs when I want to be out in the sun 
waiting for the bus. the sun is out, but it's cold 
Is confused. It's still hot, but the sun has gone away 
@PrincessSakura lol asif ur sat on a sun lounger when I have to go to the denist 
i swear m head will explode, why has my radio course come back to haunt me.....hate it!...*sulk* want to be in the sun 
is sat indoors whilst the sun is shining sooooo much... no fair! 
Is at work but wishes he was outside in the sun 
am feeling pretty scunnered . . even the sun shine isna working to improve ma mood 
Oh where's the sun gone 
were did the sun go!? 
left his crunchie out in the sun at lunch... 
reading heat mag.. loving the sun.. from inside 
 where did the sun just go? 
is loving the rain right now, but terribly misses the sun and sand... 
I want to be out in the sun, my widget says the weekends gonna be ruubbish 
@KillahKam i know! that heffa layin in the sun den us 
Where did the sun go 
@callas28 the sun keeps shining but my inspiration towards the marketing assignments is declining  
drinking tea ahhh(L), i think the sun is leaving us soon! 
@meaganjulie but there is no sun its raining 
this sun thing is getting stupid now.it is so hot i have to stay indoors 
what happened to the sun  and who's coming out to play tonight? can't decide what to weeaar
Where is the sun shine? 
Still in the garden but no sun  shall I keep revising and go to gym later or gym now and revising later
loving all this sun but im all sore now 
@monalisa62003 yep, i now hate the sun! 
http://ping.fm/p/KrmQi - I think I may be allergic to the sun 
wheres the sun gone 
Me and the sun are no longer on friendly terms, he burned me and now I'm sick 
@ladyinreddress the sun is all gone now... 
Wheres the sun? 
Is at work on the roof Where's the sun gone 
is up at stupid o'clock n there's no sun 
realy want the sun to come back 
sun bathing......oh no!! 
The sun has gone! 
I want the sun to come back 
where is my sun? i miss it. 
Where has the sun gone 
The sun is shinning and I am in the office - joy 
is at work!  and the sun seems to have gone 
temperature dropped 12 degrees celsius overnight   goodbye sun.   goodbye summer.
@lcstranslations I got buuuuuurned by the ebil sun! *sniffles* 
@Jennifers00 You think it's time to go to bed and the sun is rising 
where has the sun gone?  typical!
I really don't want to get outta bed  the sun isn't up so why should I be????????
is going to lay in the sun b4 i have to go to work 
Where has the sun gone?  
Wheres the bloody sun gone 
where has the sun gone? 
The sun has gone away How miserable 
The sun has gone in and now i am forced to tidy up  bad times
its crappy that the sun has now gone 
where is the sun? 
my last day in the sun! so upset i'm missing @mphosays photo shoot  but don't wanna leave the sun tomorrow. how's the weather in london??
@lilmissskater26 i know right.. i was all ready to put my sun cream on and go sit outside, then i opened the curtain &amp; its all cloudy... 
bring back the sun!! 
where has the sun gone!!? 
wherees the sun 
@mclorna no, was home for around 10, then lazed and watched Easties with tea... it's the heat / sun, I wake all night long too warm 
The sun's gone in 
i want the sun to come out again, it made me feel happy 
where is the sun 
Maybe I'm afraid of the dark. I can't seem to sleep til the sun is coming up 
clouds  i dont like couds, you cant see the sun when its cloudy. i like the sun
was loving the sun til it went away 
the sun is slowly going away  uh gutted.
where has the sun gone?? 
@ViolaMaths Just clouds no sky or sun  I hope u mean u painted it those colours, not bruised? 
I wanted to spend the day in the sun but its hiding behind clouds 
where's the sun gone  need to revise chemistry...
Where did the sun go!!!! 
where's the sun? 
...is wondering wher the sun has gone.. need my dosage of sun,, but its no wher to b seen...  xxx
Sitting at home being bored! da sun is shining bt im not a sun person!! 
Where did the sun go? 
where's the sun gone? 
Where's the sun? 
The sun is going 
is wondering  y the sun has gone away 
where did the sun go 
Wish the sun was shining 
red eyes, but I get better. sun is not shining  making some investigation for school.
i love the sun!! but everyone is doing exams soo i am all alone in the sunshine  boo
wheres the sun gone? 
the hell has the sun gone? 
where has the sun gone 
I hate you, weather gods!  I want the sun to come out. 
theres nothing better than waking up to the sun shining in through your window. but then having to go to work 
i'm so cold, where did the sun go 
i wish the sun would come back 
down the shore with nooo sun! 
@MikeEsterman can't DJ on the beach when the sun is hiding behind the rain 
wishing the sun would come back, its been gone for days now 
My VACATION is in full effect now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wepppaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.... Ughhhh....where's the sun? 
where has the sun gone?   
What happened to the sun? We were going strong for awhile! 
@RaNTeLLDaT girl its raining her just like when u came but worst. No fn sun 
I knew the sun shining was to good to be tru..It's pouring now 
@TXMotorSpeedway making fans stand in blazing sun 4 autographs. Not cool. 
@nobagplease I've already been sunburned here! It wasn't that hot out. I guess the sun is stronger? So being more careful now. 
@jaykpurdy yea, it was sunny and raining and then the the sun went away. 
i am kind of mad right now cause outside is like rainy and cloudy  what happened to the sun!?!?!
the sun in finally shining n I'm stuck at work! 
So my arms are two diff. colors now cuz one got some sun &amp; the other one didn't 
The sun is setting  That makes me kind of sad.
It's the weeked...where is the sun? 
im wishing the sun would come out to play 
Ouch, arms are sunburned.  I didn't feel like I was spending too much time in the sun and silly me didn't put on sunscreen. 
was enjoying the sun until the black clouds arrived...grrrrr 
Ugh my sun burn hurts 
Seating in the sun, drinking my coffee, too bad i have to go to work in 5 minutes 
I got burn from the sun yesterday. ouch 
The sun is shinning. I so don't feel like working 
Jschloesser is still driving and has four hours of driving... I miss the sun 
It's starting to rain here. Where has the sun gone? 
I don't think the sun will last - it's meant to rain 
@nah_talia not all its cracked up to be, very cold and wet lol + living in britain ive never seen the sun  lol
the sun has well and truly gone 
wonders where the sun has gone and why is it now raining 
No sun here  calf still sore from massage but hopefully will be better for tomorrow...
Where's my sun?? 
where's all our sun?! 
waiting for the sun to come out 
So sad the sun has run away 
is waiting for the sun to shine again 
isn't happy, the sun has gone 
@tonyburkejnr no I want the sun back!! I can't wear my shorts now 
What happend to the sun 
I miss the sun, finally our house is done, and there is no nice weather to go and sit out in 
its raining agen ! grate its gone back to irish summers !  i want the sun back
no sun  i want sun right now!!!
And where might the sun have gone? 
where'd the sun go?   oops, i think i complained of the heat too much 
My god, when will the sun come out?   
where has the sun gone 
where did the sun go? it is cold and rainy now 
Where did the sun go? 
but seriously, @nikileighbuds what is the deal?! where is the sun! 
Wishing the sun would come out so I can float on the river....doesn't look like that's going to happen 
mmmmm. when is the sun going to come out again?? 
wishing that the sun would come out 
i miss the sun!!!  it's raining again, fuck off!  it makes me depressed 
the sun might be shining but my god its bloody freezing 
Where has all the sun gone? 
@NoSugarrr  Could light up the sun and no RAIIIN 
The sun disappeared. 
I don't think the sun is coming back any time soon 
where did the sun go?  i was hoping to layout today and read in the sun.. buggers #fb
where did the sun go? 
@TheTinyJEWELBox I'm sick of the waether too...I want to go lay on in the sun.  
the sun is gone 
It's a beautiful sunny day and I can't go outside cause of my anti-biotics say to stay out of the sun. WTF 
wishing she could be out enjoying the sun  sick
@AnnieRuOkay hate to rain on your patade but the sun is going away for you soon... It got cloudy up here about an hour ago 
When is the sun coming back? 
man this hot sun is killing me!! blah 
So I doubt it's possible to burn skin through clothes, but that's what it feels like the sun is doing right now 
@SimonLuca __ Nicee to know the sun is shining somewhere lol. its thunder lightning here  xxxxx
Four hours out in the sun and I don't think I have a tan 
the sun just doesn't like me.  burnedddd
the sun's gone   booooo!!!
found something to wear. i miss the sun. 
Where has the sun gone 
tis feckin cold and rainy  bring back the sun!! i was just startin to like it!!
Does not like sun burn. 
@SexyBeach my legs everythng else b in the sun  I used sunblock so aint that bad and hursh
ugh i have a horrible sun burn  i'm so fair skinned i just burn and then look like a lobster :S i hate it
@SarahStewart  working on it - the sun is out but I wouldn't hold out hope for  the temperature 
http://twitpic.com/6t3u8 - fuck its hot out here haha can't wait for the sun to set 
Raining. Here goes my sun tanning plan... 
you have no idea how good those dang sun lamps feel for joint pain.  tan is just a side effect, but then so is melanoma 
is depressed. The sun is out! Where did all the lovely rain go?? 
didnt know your arm could swell up from lots of sun exposure :S it looks badddddddd 
the concert is outside and it's raining, bring back the sun 
http://twitpic.com/6tf4t - Where did the sun go? It's really hot out here, but no sun 
@mrstu69 might have to put that on hold. The sun has come out and all my puddles are starting to dry up!  Ah well. Another time! X
 what happened to the sun ):
the birds are tweeting the sun is going to follow and I've not closed my eyes 
sunday ... but without sun 
Early morning - no sun either here @lisarosendahl  
i wish i was in the sun 
where is the sun i ask you?? where, where??? 
i need the sun back 
where did the sun go 
why is it so cold- i miss the sun 
@shade53 
Where is the sun?All i've got is rain 
where'd the sun go? 
Where's the sun? 
after 2hrs in the sun my face is covered in freckles. also the poor little kids on my arm are sunburnt 
@RyanStar awww the sun blocks your face  but you still look oh so handsome! &lt;3
Finally off work ahh! The sun is in my  eyes 
summer, where's the sun? 
the bloody sun came out and i had to go to work 
@LaurenPike_ i dunno  although the sun is out and the clouds have gone..yay  xxx
why my houise is so could?! at this time i really wanted to have a notebook to sit outside with the sun and get a little warmer 
The rain has cleared up here, time to close all the windows.. the energy consuming sun is back , so much for the tropical oasis I made 
@Propafresh and the only time the sun comes out is when I'm working 
It's warm out, but no sun 
@VickyCheng the english summertime is so contrary! just as we all get used to the sun, it hides out 
Unable to empty so going to read and take insine sun AND ...who cut down my trees??? 
I really don't want to go sit in the sun for 4 hours...my shoulders can't take it 
Off to get my hair did!!! It'll be much redder now...which makes me happy bc the summer sun bleaches out my red pretty bad 
I want the sun to come back 
feels so cold!!! I want the sun back  
I don't want skin cancer.    I never want to lay out in the sun again, I promise.
only two more days of sand and sun 
@MayerHawthorne have a sangria on me wish I was there 2 soak up the sun with y'all 
just missed the 105 and now will have to wait 15min under the scorching sun  - http://tweet.sg
so far in my life clouds have blocked the sun 
Another lovely day of sun, sneezing and runny eyes, roll on winter 
the sun is shining...should be a nice day...and i have to study 
Sports day is cancelled, I was looking forward to it, the sun is shining now but apparently that's no going to be so for long 
@trieiCrisis here no sun la my sayangnesss..... 
@cjohnson103 Its foggy as hell here!  Where did the sun go 
where's the sun??????? 
The sun is shining but I have to learn 
Oh i want the sun back..its too cloudy! boohoo! 
@dstridsberg I want the sun to shine! mostly because I left my umbrella on a train last night 
hungry. hmm. what to eat. just realised i have no music on SHOCKHORROR. i hope the sun comes out 
is angry my tan is fading every second that there is no sun - i need tan maintenance!! ibiza seems many moons ago 
Why is it so hot here. The sun isn't even out. 
is melting in this heat, and i cant even see the sun in the sky 
sun ??? It's still raining 
@komplettie The sun - it won't go away. 18 degrees. 
was gonna go chill in the sun, then the heavens opened  guess not.
where's the sun gone 
@foodandhowtoeat good morning...ugh, more sun, more heat..my grass is hurtin' 
I have not seen the sun in days!! 
Where did the sun go? 
@realmadrid_rock It's quite a bit with all the sun 
 where is the sun? x)
@neethonk well when is it due?? i always wait to the last minute  haha i already have the sun is out
@hoylake Not any more...  Where's the sun gone?
So bored, and the sun rays make me sleepy 
where's mr sun ? 
has really bad sun burn  bad times
thunder and lighting .. very very frightening... Where'd the sun go? 
Where is the sun? 
rise and shine...or rise and gloom!  where r u sun!!???!
@SunnyGoodman Except there's no sun. 
@talisha hey girl how was work on sun? missed my skanking and torch partner  hopefully we can make up for it this sun xx
I hate being sun burnt 
seriously wheres the sun gone  !!
@captsupermarket sorry I missed ya last night at sun sun 
@paigeyvree dude the sun is gone now 
I really like this dress but if I wore it, I would look like the sun 
Where did mr. sun go? 
I'm burned by the sun!!!the sun at the north sea was great. But now my skin is aching 
Still studying english, laying on my bed with the sun shining through my window, how i wish I could be out playing volleyball right now 
what the heck??!? the sun decides to come out after my chicken had to be cooked inside 
@AnneLee it's cause the sun is hiding! 
I have a sun blister on my back 
i got a sun burn!! ouch! 
lush day again, but need to go for a run, not sure I can muster up the enthusiasm to run in the sun 
sun is shining so bright right now and i dont really like it 
The sun has gone in 
sent mom to big bazaar to shop for me... can't go out... have to avoid the sun 
I'll be upset if its too cloudy to see the sun come up. 
Why does the sun hafta rise so friggin earrlyy 
is wondering where the sun has gone 
at work, sun is shining 
I don't think this sun is meant to last   http://twitpic.com/7jcb0
Finished typography and studying lay-out right now..while the sun is shining... 
typical that the sun comes out when i'm working soon 
sun, where are you? 
I feel like I'll never go to the beach this summer under the blistering sun   http://twitpic.com/7jk9p
I think the sun knows when I want to tan because it's always overcast on my days off 
I wish the sun didn't give me headaches 
I see the sun! oh it's gone 
what happened to the sun?  x3!
where did the sun go 
Is on fire due to a days worth of sun burn 
The sun finally came out and I'm off to work. 
totally just wants the sun to come out 
is burnt from the sun 
@brittharding  i miss the sun too...
i swear. everytime i eat cereal i have to sneeze. oh  drag me to work  i just want to get some sun and sleep....
@essmu No we haven't  I hope the sun would start shining soon! :o
the sun is gone 
@harnag we tried to go on sun but they weren't open yet...not till 10. 
@robromoni  ooh sun is always wonderful its cloudy here 
@zephonator .... just glasgow then  Its not been raining which is good D but no sun.. :'(
Driving like a man towards  the sun 
@OpieRadio how can i take a pic of the sun goin down when its barely peaking thru the trees? 
Ugh sooo sun burnt 
is now at the beachhh. No sun though 
back and im good just a nose bleed..... ive been too much in the sun running 
The sun is shining and I'm ill in bed *wohoo* 
I can see the sun shine, the breeze and the people enjoying them, but I feel none of them inside the office...  
where has the sun gone? 
There are clouds upcoming after two days of sun 
Where has the sun buggered off to? I miss it 
working...outside is the sun laughing at me 
@Sion71 upon closer inspection, it's already raining  yuck! bring back the sun!
o no more rain where did the sun go  xx
also good to see we are back to a glasgow summer...all this sun...blah! 
Where's the sun gone? 
where has the sun gone! 
I don't like being up b4 the sun, bc it means I have to go to bed b4 the sun goes down 
salou was great miss the sun and drink 
@louisecrichton it's raining here too.. and it's freezing.  where did the sun go?!
the sun is leaving me 
I miss my sun roof!  I can't wait to get a new car!!
Heading to work    At least the sun is out!!
our sun has gone now and so has my smile 
Wish'n the sun would come out.    
has stupid boring work from 9-3 the sun is finally out and I'm stuck indoors so not fair 
where has the sun gone 
There went my sun 
is sitting on the bus soaked to the skin. Where did all the sun go?! 
@jessvig Don't be. The sun is gone 
I can't see the sun. 
where is the sun 
day off. and no sun. boo. 
finally the sun is out... but it's ovbi not going to stay  i think i need a vacay to some tropical island cause the summers not coming
My sun burn hurts 
wish it was sunny . would love to go out for a lye in the sun ! 
What happened to the sun? 
@miamck so i bring u the sun, and u dont even appreciate it? 
Man, I need to be on an island somewhere chilling in the sun. 
O... and where's the sun? 
the sun makes me tired. 
Where is the warm and sun 
i hate sleeping when the sun is already up. 
I'm extremely burnt from the sun 
the sun will not get off of me and im dieing! 
I wish it would stop raining. I'm ready for the sun. I want to tan. 
I miss my @jag35  this beautiful sun is going down. It's cold over here
fucking rays lost again. 
@Hessaleene i has no monies  i want to go so badly- i miss the sun! i never get to see it anymore- it sucks balls out loud
watching people on blogtv.  *sun burnt*       ^been swimming for a long time^
so i was excited that i finally found the capri sun i was lookin 4 .. then i realized that it was in the freezer and i couldn't drink it 
@SIDrunks   Indeed it does  I ended up getting sun burned lol I look like a lobster!
....sun eat hours! 
went out in the nagpur sun.. got roasted n fried in his own sweat... 
Where did the sun go?? 
The sun has gone away again... I'm not amused  lol
the sun is shine just like me...not !!!!!!! still suffering from the cold 
@ travellinda well we have no sun at all just rain  so enjoy the little you have for the moment.
I want the sun to come out  It's warm but the sun is hiding!
@trueblud I am not too bad now but the sun made me sick and dizzy for 2 days 
a wish the sun would come out! 
The sun is back out and still people moan  l give up...
the sun didn't show up... 
cloudy in spain, bring back the sun 
its so rainy outside  wot happened to all that sun?
Summervacation is finally here!!  We played football at school, and it was raining  But the sun shines now!
I miss my bestest and the sun 
is home from work early and is sad that the sun has disappeared....i want a tan 
its raining  where did the sun go....
Wishing the sun would come out..the boys and I have cabin fever 
Ugh I hate being stuck indoors when the sun is out 
soaking up the sun's rays... through my office window 
Hates the wether here  Where's the sun? Where's the warmness?
now that the sun is setting,its getting cold again. 
I'm missing the sun  is it ever coming back out!!!
up waay too early  the sun is ouuut tho ! good &amp; bad sides about it.... running for cheer practice in the sun ? oooooooh, not fuuun,
Looking out my window and wondering... &quot;When the sun will come out??!!&quot; 
the weatha is stil rubish   were has the sun gone ? lol x
 the sun needs to come out!
is @ work and feeling blaaahhhh...where's the sun? 
@LolaAM that's, good soak up the sun cuz it's lacking everywhere else 
The one day I want to tan &amp; have time, it's cloudy  can you still get a tan if the rays from the sun go through a cloud? Haha
And just as quickly and unexpectedly as the sun came out, away it goes 
is wondering what happened to the sun???    
Does not like the sun anymore....  ouch
went zoo and u sun burnt on my face  
its so ugly and gloomy outside. where did the sun go? 
@lenautical i got funky sun 'gloves' from my wetsuit over the weekend 
At a huge pool!! The sun is hiding behind clouds at themoment 
i hate the sun 
http://yfrog.com/7gld9j the sun was out and now it's gone 
My head fedls like its allergic to the sun. It hurts.... 
I freaking hate sun burns!!!!! 
im b ing sun burnt and it sucks i hate 4 getting sun block 
@deathcab4candi Then give me some of your sun. I need to paint the shed 
@duesta don't tell me that! i really wanna check out winter festival on sun 
its so ugly outside..i miss the sun 
@semipenguin try taking a shower while sun burn....not good idea  lol
My punishment for going on vacation? The top of my head is peeling  i never thought i would hate the sun 
Wants the sun to come out 
@mollyvaughn it was really fun! i'm super tired though, the sun drained me  we need to hang out again cause i lovvvee youu!
where's the sun?!?! i want the sun 
It's raining ~~~~~~ yeah .. but with the sun still shining bright 
wishing the sun would come back. 
...........i want to read midnight sun........ 
Who's stolen my sun??? 
does not want to pack and sort, would rather just enjoy the sun 
listening to the birds and watching the sun come up cos I woke at 4am and couldn't get back to sleep 
The sun has gone  but i'm getting loads done &amp; it's still friday 
The rays of the sun radiating through the windows, with the hot climate. And I don't like that 
Where has the sun gone anyone 
i want the sun back 
@Tuism 6:30am the sun's coming up 
Where did the sun go 
Just got up having breakfast, The sun is hiding again 
wheres the sun? 
Seven and already dark here in go, no mood can move the sun 
@sallytheshizzle http://twitpic.com/7sjye - that sun was horrible  it was literally like a fireball of red.
@frandrescher &quot;malibu sun&quot;, lucky! While your on the west side soaking up the sun &amp; I all the way on the east side, it's still raining!!! 
I knew the sun wouldn't last 
I knew the sun wouldn't last! 
is sad it's dull and gray outside where has the sun gone??? 
why isn't the sun out? 
working is not fun when the sun is out, and i am so sick of dealing with retarded insurance...argh 
Seeing the sun was short-lived 
: No sun for me this weekend  - getting blood taken now...
Oh dear. Wheres the sun?! 
@KourtneyKardash working like a dog shield from the miami sun 
@jaaayjaaay12 i knowww  where is the sun jenny?!
Where is the sun? Clouds are so depressing 
Just woke up .... I miss the sun 
@Stefmara that sun is blinding.  I miss the sun. 
wow summer all ready sucks its raining  i need the sun
@OperaDiva114 I luv the sun but I hate what it does  I never go without my sunscreen even for 5 minutes lol!
Where's the sun? 
where's the sun go 
I feel like one of those vampires who melt in the sun... It's not very comfortable.  mah!
@hollycheyenne craziness. I need some (consistent) sun!  
I hate the scorching sun.  I hope it rains.
@Silverahnia girl we were talkin bout that heat earlier. It's like 90 here too  the sun ain't out!
@awkwardfest i was out in the sun to long,and i forgot my sunscreen 
suntanning with no sun... 
Just had my breakfast and looking outside it's grey and gloomy not much hope  of the sun for tommorrow. 
there is no sun anymore 
Morning twitters - where's the sun gone 
i wish the sun would make a return, 
Where did the sun go? 
I'm still awake and the sun is up 
Where is the sun ? 
Going to the block the sun race. I miss alligator 
Report writing sucks...even more when the sun is shining outside the library and the blinds are closed 
finally have access to balcony wooo! Put on tanning lotion and the sun dissapeared on me  and its not coming back out again! GIVEMESUNNOW
too much sun  i'm going shopping with mummy
@MamaPhan i read midnight sun and liked it a lot.  i just wish it was finished 
just got back from outside. its so humid. it sucks  plus no sun where i am!
I hope the sun comes out soon cuz it's too depressing outside 
@TheMattEvers what sun would that be 
waiting for the sun to appear 
spent waaay too much time inside.... I miss the sunlight 
I want the sun back 
@skeetzie why did the sun go away 
FOUND EM!!! on a day I have to work, the sun is finally shining 
@untiljune exactly what I'm thinking! I miss the sun 
I wish the sun would come out...it is so overcast! 
The sun n heat gave me a migraine 
whaat happen to the california sun ? 
I am starving. I need food and I need the sun to come out again. Where did it go? 
Baking brownies and waiting for the sun to come out.  
Since the sun won't show itself I'm going tanning. Indoors. 
i miss the virginia sun. . .  
I lied its raining again   what does the sun look like again??
Why am I awake? The sun isn't. 
what happened to the sun?  it was going so well.
ahh so sunburned ! how does that happen when theres no sun out ? 
i tweeted too quickly, the clouds took the sun away.  oh well, being inside and listening to adele is not too shabby either.
@mrsforrey...not long after sun came out, started to pour! 
Eatting a popsicle, sun burnt, thinking about you and missing you already  i dont like this.
#dontyouhate it when you let the top down and the fukn sun goes away 
My poor car.  In the last 48 hours I've left the lights on and killed her, and then left the sun roof open and drowned her. 
Missing all the fun because the sun raped my skin... With a broken bottle-style 
I'm finally home and so tired :/ plus i have a sun burn it hurts so much  oh well
sun burnt  off to the movies mhmm
@AllissaTaylor  The sun hates us and keeps disappearing!
home and getting ready for bed- 2 days in the sun makes for nice red arms  no where to hide from the sun at a track and sunscreen did nada
I hate the sun! 
sun shine where i need it most&lt;3 
I really want to take a walk but the sun isn't up yet 
I see the sun on the horizon, bout to roll around in the sand..I mean shoot, lol....my tummy hurts tho 
the sun shines in the bedroom, when we play. the raining always starts, when she goes away.... 
The sun was shining and now it' raining 
so warm!!! but wheres the sun?!?!?! i well got lied to 
another cloudy day  I want the sun!!
aww i think the sun is starting to come up 
Most people have left and the sun isn't shining. 
too cold here!! brrr.. you don't like the sun? i love the sun! and the summer!!! i wish be in florida  muf= x(
home from london, well tired &amp; sun burnt 
crispy from the sun  just laying low and watching FRIENDS... its my personal therapy.
so much for that lovely sunday of sun that was forecast 
it's summer but where is the sun????? 
Where is the sun? 
Where is the sun?? 
sunburnt  or is it sunburned? oh whatever, you get the point; i was baked in the sun.
why can't the sun shine its bright light ?! 
@nayyz No fair! I want to be where the sun is at! 
The sun is teasing! It's popping up and then hiding!! 
I hate the sun and what it does to fair skinned people 
Walking to the park to go workout &amp; hoop... shit had to wait till the sun was down, it  was too effin hot! Lol &amp; I'm still sick 
just got out of the shower. and i just discovered that i have a sun burn on my shoulders and under my eyes 
Does Davecokin care that I tried adding him with no success?   SteelerJ_sun
Gooodmorning! How is everyone? I was surprised to see the sun out this morning.. Now its cloudy 
I am hotter than the sun! 
@crimpomatic you'll be missed  I wonder if I can remember what to do after all of that Egyptian sun =^~_&lt; see the rest of you there!!!
getting a tan today? probably not, im too white to absorb sun 
my arms are really itchy from the sun and now they are all red and are burning 
really misses the sun . 
not going out till the sun go down 
Where oh where did the sun go?  
i really want to be out in the sun 
sun finally out and I stuck inside 
I have a sun burn issue! 
seriously im a big person about protecting yourself in the sun and i wear a sun block everyday and now im a lobster!! 
what a scorcher, can see the sun from my desk 
Where did the sun go? 
@theknickermafia tell me about it, not the same as the med. sun is it 
has caught the sun a little. 
Finally home, and I am dead.. fuckin' sun coming out of nowhere 
The sun has given me a headache! Nothing will get rid of it!  I hope it rains tomorrow, can't cope with another 6 hours solid in the sun!
@little_d1976 haha, i certainly not laughin and im sooo careful in the sun  boo haha
oh, why does the sun tease me so? it shows up, but it denies me the warmth that i yearn for 
is at the pool with no sunscreen and a sun burn! 
The sun went away 
Leaving work and going out into the sun, wishing I sparkled like a vampire 
I worked all day inside, when could have been out in the sun  
sun burn hurts  at least vacation is awesome!
@jayecane in this hot sun  running errands wat u up to?
My arms are so burned from the sun 
Where'd the sun go?!?!?!?! 
watchin the rays play  
@sebadugalski hhmmmm jealous!! i want to be in the sun 
i left my fossil sun glasses somewhere in the king of prussia mall 
Laying in bed with a sun headache ughhh and my shoulders got burnt 
The sun is shining and I have to go to library 
Where's the sun gone 
A little bit to much the sun... 
@_SugaRush Zeebie go wake him up! I want the sun back 
wish the sun would come out 
re:sunshine...phenomenally done. finally finished it, omg cillian murphy I&lt;3U. too bad you had to crash into the sun 
sun aint shining no more! tired and got work soon 
its starting to go really cloudly  wont the sun to stay
The clouds kept the heat off long enough to get the grass cut without breaking a sweat.  Looks like the sun is on it's way though 
The clouds kept the heat off long enough to get the grass cut without breaking a sweat. Looks like the sun is on its way though 
Where has the sun gone? I turn my back for one minute..I was only just moving away from the winter paleness 
where has the sun gone!  movie session later with the girlss
Where is the sun? 
where has the sun gone 
Has been burnt bady by the sun and its not gd 
@LiverpoolFan74 soo sad  should be out enjoying the sun!! ;) x
I was catching the sun but then my headphones broke and changed everything 
So much for a good summer. Theres no sun 
is lovin the sun! But not lovin workin in it 
Where did the sun go 
Just went for a 5 mile walk looking for the sun.  No sightings yet 
Wishes she could be out enjoying the sun 
Wheres the sun gone 
where has the sun gone  its stuck behind the clouds, no tanning today 
sun is shining XD ....i wish i was irish  :L
The sun is hiding now 
Wishing that the sun was shining 
the sun has disappeared 
@PainterNik I was very bummed when I woke us this am to find just more clouds   when will new england see the sun!
I want to be sat outside in the sun 
how to tweet, when there is ni sun 
Where has the sun gone? 
And then the sun comes out and i'm melting in my wellies. 
I am beginning to forget what the sun looks like 
@mandleh soak up the sun boy  jealous
such a great day outside sun is shining and it is ssoo warm and i'm working 
The weather dude said the sun was going to come out today but, yet again no freakin sun. It's so depressing. 
is stuck in the office while the sun shines outside 
At work studying :-/ I want to enjoy this radiant sun 
I think the sun just peeked out, decided it hated everything, and went back behind the clouds. I wonder if we'll ever see the sun again. 
Where the hell is the sun?? 
Put my hood up to protect me from the sun and now people are crossing the street to avoid me 
Hateedddd awards afternoon, and want the sun back 
The sun is gone  nooooooo
Has got burnt from falling asleep in the sun! 
Just landed and the sun is no where to be found! 
Where did the sun go? It's overcast and gloomy 
@summaraiin i miss the sun 
I think I'll make economics bad too...  I just want to swim or tan in the sun!
ahhh loved this sunny day....I am working a good sun burn on my nose 
I saw the sun blazing through my window and just had to get out of bed... lush 
The sun's out again 
The sun is shining, and soon ill be off to karro's with negar  so much funness
@wheelworx you got our sun this morning so!  its grey here. was lovely yest! 
the sun is shining 
@apple I can see the sun set! : @apple I can see the sun set!  http://tinyurl.com/d7h9xr
sitting in the sun, baking in 30 degrees - wonderful 
Just got woken up by the sun shining through my windows  lovely.
enjoying the sun ony my balcony 
The joy of cycling to work. This morning was fantastic, and I got to cycle in the sun 
our cats love the sun. they're lying on the floor and having a sunbath 
it hit me like a ray of sun, burning thru my darkest nights. you're the only one that i want, and i'm addicted to your light. 
The sun's up and my son's up, so I'm up. 
@maaaarit enjoy the sun  i think i will go out soon too! well i have to; my dog needs to go lol
is loving the sun  but is upset she cant make the picnic thurs 
@girlsavage maybe you're allergic to the sun. 
Just hanging out and enjoying the sun 
is sitting in the sun 
is spring cleaning the flat... but wishin' he was outside frollicking in the sun! 
waiting for the sun to come out 
Is sitting on the balcony and enjoying the sun 
layin out it the sun on this beautiful day 
is loving the sun 
yard work...sun burn to come! 
The sun's good like 
waiting for my boyfriend to come over...bored aloneee...the sun is shining  ..
catching some rays 
@NinkyBink i enjoyed sitting out on the deck with your reading and soaking up the sun 
The sun is my friend.  It makes me feel almost normal. Yay! 
THERE'S the sun!! it must have felt a magnetic pull from my inner rays 
@janinaDC chilling in the sun. hopefully 
Just up .. sun is out  ..
@thenurulh i know i told you to listen to unexpected compliments. i am listening now and i think it's a sun comp 
i love the sun shine 
the sun is shining and life is wonderful 
Sitting looking out hte door and the sun is shining 
@CodingCreation nothin much sitting outside enojoying the sun you??? 
@IndenHimmel yeah the sun is here 
@keza34 fancy taking dog for a walk while sun still out 
sat in the sun!!!  glorious!! x
Fairly flat out there ..... but hey the sun is shining   !!
Right I'm off out to enjoy the sun 
Revising in the sun 
tidying up the livingroom... i see the sun 
Ah, the sun is out! So cheering! 
is going to do some work out in the sun 
it's yucky outside...wish the sun were out again, I love wearing flip flops! 
Just back from a little run in the sun 
thinks that this sun is really really nice. 
on laptop.......outside!! haha enjoy the sun whilst you can!!  xx
sun is shining in austria....is it shining where you live, too? well, you can let me know if you like 
@m0del lazing around in the gorgeous sun 
Outside in the sun 
Sitting in my garden in the sun 
is now sitting ouside enjoying the sun 
Jealous on old couples walking togheter in the sun 
is on her way out to enjoy the sun 
just had a sweet nap. sun is shining again in paris 
is laying out in the sun! 
Loving the sun! 
@theprintedblog nah.. not too bad! just a red nose and forehead its already starting to turn tan...  I just wish the sun would come back!
just wen for a walk in the sun and had an ice cream  i love the sun 
ugh. i wish the sun was shining here oh well i guss yesterday was my turn with the sun   
is soakin up the sun 
the sun is shining, we just woke up - let's enjoy this day 
Morning all, just eating my cheerios and drinking my tea, going to go sit outside and enjoy the sun, you should as well 
@silkeG I brought the sun back 
@eddieizzard weather is fine here too. just tucking into some corn flakes whilst the sun shines 
The sun is shining.   
The sun is shining the fog has gone,looks like a lovely day 
ahh i love the sun loads! 
is having a sun shiny day in londontown 
looking forward to another afternoon in the sun 
wow, london is quite a site this morning! sun, wind and a clear blue sky...aah, perfection 
the sun is shining 
@cherrybumbum a bit sun here too... enjoy the sun 
In the sun  wating for a lesson to start.
@macnc40 you wear the same shade as me 
Another nice, hot and lazy day in the sun!  http://mypict.me/58o
hopefully i can catch some sun this afternoon 
is missing the sun being stuck inside, the quciker assignments are done the sooner i can enjoy the sun 
@pcornqueen *climbs on the roof with his wobble board and wafts the sun over* 
Being ur own boss is great-afternoon off in the sun 
@Schofe hope your enjoying the sun like we are? 
Wishing I was outside in the sun 
it looks like the sun has got his hat on 
is happy to see the sun shining 
is going for porridge!! sun is shining 
The sun is shining and I'm feeling 
waiting for the sun to come out at college 
smile in my face and sun behind the window. what more need? 
@remzology lol..   sun is under shades now.
I think I'll be taking the rest of the day off! The birds are tweeting and the sun is shining 
I love it when the sun is setting...don't really have to watch a real sunset....but just observe the warm colour it has on surroundings.. 
just enjoying the sun 
loving the sun 
 going out in the sun ... right now
2 days betch!!  catching up on 24, sun is shining  xoxo
sun is shining, listening to The Decemberists and packing my bags 
The sun is shining, going to walk the dog! Yay 
caught the sun again 
Loving the sun! In the garden not growing radish 
just having abit of lunch on the beach in the sun. not a dark cloud in the sky.... bliss 
Going out to get some sun, it's a wonderful day with clearblue sky 
ohh the sun has got its hat on and he is coming out to play 
:o is that... the sun I see?? 
Going out in the sun now 
go riding again  yayy the sun shines &lt;3
watching the sun sink behind the mountains and realizing i only get to do this 2 more times. I like the sunset on the prairie better 
Has been working really hard all morning - now I'm off to enjoy the sun for a bit 
the sun is out  finnally. x
omfg. the sun is so cool shining 
Once again the sun is shining! 
gorgeous sun, off to start the setup for the album recording and meet @followross 
forced myself away from lost odyssey to go out and enjoy the sun 
Just about to have a bbq in the sun - I just need to burn off the last meal first 
chillin in the sun  good times
Loving the tunes this avo, and the sun's out, happy days!! 
Going swimming to get a little sun and a little R &amp; R hopefully, maybe the sun will make me feel better lol 
And I know the sun will rise, here or the next life, as long as you're still mine 
Morning everyone, the sun is shining here so far 
@SheBeeGee the sun is shining here for a change! 
off to sit in the sun and read 
just woke up and is now gettin ready for a coffee in the sun 
going to get dressed, maybe go take some sun and then meeting my old neighbour and her son 
on the balcony soaking up the sun   (hoping to get a tan ths time) are you enjoying the whether?
shower + Spitalfields + haircut + drink in sun = a good day 
Here comes the sun, and I say; It's all right 
Sitting in the sun waiting for the bus 
The sun is shining, the birds are singing and I feel wonderful 
sun is making me red 
I do love the sun! 
@rachelinak glad you enjoyed the sun this evening! 
@tayfan2 haha, if the sun is down, I'm up! 
@apocalice sit in the sun like a lizard. 
@balibaby sunshine after a cloudy morning. very nice. u want to come down here to get some sun? 
sun shine = happiness 
The sun is shining 
@sun_ho Yay you can eat proper food now! 
Here comes the sun, here comes the sun, and I say it's all right  
can't wait to be at home again.. let the sun shine and warm my frozen bones, please! 
is listening to Sunlounger's music, waiting for the sun to set. 
just got up  Wheres the sun? =O
the sun is shinning! im off out!!   
the sun is shining and i'm off for a driving lesson 
morning the sun is back!!! me like 
@hypnophil  it's looking bright, so I think the sun will put in an appearance, and then guess what - lawn wants cutting !! 
off to westend now, enjoying the sun. 
On twikini while enjoying the sun 
the sun is out, can you believe it 
@BBRRIITTTTYY aw that's so sweet! i think you're a great daughter. (: hmm pretty good!  sun is in the sky yeaah! x
Just woke up, the sun is shining, what a lovely morning! 
Is in the sun at WEMBELEY 
In the sun with my new dress  at my mothers in tuis sunny mothersday
did you know...if an apple is fresh, it will float on water! - capri-sun is so intelligent 
may give up working and sit outside in sun 
Feeling much better and the sun is out  Boyf and little 'un napping. Ah, peace and quiet...
Surely as the sun will rise He'll come to us! 
Having a drink in the sun life as it should be 
first reaaally warm summerday. yay sun 
testing phtwitters on a sun cp 
@liz_cheshirecat I think it is going to be a dark red.  It will look red! when the sun hits it, but not so much when it isn't...hopefully 
@LauraCorbieres You have the sun  huh? I wondered where it had gone.  It shines on the righteous (so they say) so I expect you deserve it 
@lily_pod Aw sweet! I, too, was enjoying the beautiful warmth of sun that danced between the breeze, fighting for the touch of my skin. 
waking up after the sun --- divine 
good morning!! i just love cold days with sun in the sky 
The sun is rising 
Wonders where the sun is hiding...shizzle 
Getting dressed using the light provided by the sun... 
Enjoying the last rays of the weekend sun 
sun's has come out 
Today is a perfect example. After the rain, the sun comes out. And even if there are more clouds on the horizon, just appreciate the sun. 
is chasing the sun 
the sun is coming up. 
the sun is shining just the way we like it 
the sun has come out 
heading to the eisbach for some sun action! 
...yeah, the sun is shining.... 
i stayed up till the sun came up 
@rachel1975 here too, and the sun's barely up! 
Sitting in the sun with a starbucks after a nice long walk 
Out to enjoy the sun 
saying that the sun as just come out 
&amp; the sun shinin through my window 
Just saw 4 or 5 pods of dolphins. Waiting for the sun to come out 
@AlbertaMF ok I will tell the @sun to wait 
After a miserable rainy day the sun's finally showing its face 
Spending the day in the sun  bbq &amp; booze? Awesoooome
uhhhh.. hang overs are crappy.. butttttt the sun and a bikini is sooo awesome remedies 
exhausted from prom... going to sleep. It's going to be SO nice waking up after the sun is already up 
goede morgen  the sun is shining
The sun is shining and I'm ready to be wowed by @cennydd and @clagnut 
back at work... sun is shining... 
garden and sun. and work, of course 
Just now going to bed! the sun is up and birds are singing  
@SerenaMcFLY i'd suggest sit at a window when the sun goes down  always works for me.
I'm exhausted from the sun! I love my tan! 
good morning sun, I remember you 
Cleaning my skaters on the sun 
woooooow ! :O the sun ! 
Watching the sun rise? 
Walking along the south harbour with F. just enjoying the sun 
http://twitpic.com/5f9gt - The sun is just coming out now 
@Kattasstic it was pretty good actually. lappy is off getting fixed and sun is shining which helps make the day brighter  You?
Saying that the sun's just come out 
I really do thrive on sun 
off to play scratch golf comp in the sun 
the ?(sun) is shining 
Being tired of sleeping and waiting for the sun 
The sun has got his hat on  I'm gunna revise out side
@vesula It's lovely out there...should be a good bbq'ing wkend! Not much planned..few beers and some sun I think 
Off out for a bike ride in the sun! 
@EbA But the sun is out. You can't have everything you know 
sun is shining 
eating vapiano pasta  and the sun is shining... tonight atzen + moonbootica
@ShantiSaha I wannnnnaa come tomorrow lol!!!! I'm commng sun! 
Laying in the sun 
i m on the way to the mountains ... looking for the sun and inspiration 
chilln in the sun  listening to music and eating cookies..what would you want more?
is going to have a sneaky sunbed and get my nails done then take my little molly molls for a lovely walk in the sun  x
going to meet sam and go into town for some shopping and cocktails!  and the sun is shining!!
yahhh  the sun is shining and i am happy 
@SleepyDragonUK Lol hi  It looks lovely out and I want to be in the sun
It was raining now the sun is shining. 
yeahh. exam is over for now. hope it went well  It's rainy outside, but inside me, the sun is high in the sky 
i have just arrived in jockland and the sun is out       
is out in the sun 
@zpush the sun loves me. 
 kinda chilly but the sun is out and its not raining  http://twitgoo.com/7alc
little picnic &amp; some sun on the esplanade... 
Weekend ! Two very nice couchsurfers staying over and the sun is shining! 
sun shine lalala..cider time soon  wooo so excited about tonight!!!!
here comes the sun... 
finally--the sun's out again! 
@daisyjanie lovely, thanks! the sun is shining 
http://twitpic.com/61efs - chicago's fun in the sun 
is      the sun is back
@sun_ho amazing! So looking fwd to hearing it. 
Wkend is now here! let the sun shine and the drink flow 
..I am going in the garden..right now   the sun is shining and the sky is blue....*lalalaaaaa* ;-)
sun is shining 
off 2 work now in the sun 
another windy day. but hey - the sun is shining!! 
is awake. the sun is shining above munich 
the sun is shining  makes me happier
What a difference the sun makes hey! 
what a beautiful morning.the sun is shining 
Chilling in the sun 
yay! the sun is shiiinnniiinggggggggggg! 
@MarieC09 I`L bring the sun lotion 
The sun is out the sky is blue. I think it's chill out time by the canal and watch the world go by. 
had a lovely afternoon picnicing, playing frisbee, and revising in the sun 
Just sitting in the garden leting the sun do its job 
