Most common words for this cluster:
[('sunburn', 297), ('hurts', 38), ('skin', 35), ('sunburnt', 27), ('lotion', 17), ('sun', 16), ('sunburns', 13), ('burns', 12), ('burn', 11), ('sunscreen', 9), ('aloe', 9), ('lol', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'sunburn', 0.9365137219429016), (u'sunburns', 0.7600700259208679), (u'Sunburns', 0.6997328996658325), (u'sunburned', 0.6701554656028748), (u'windburn', 0.6693974137306213), (u'sunburning', 0.6635924577713013), (u'chapped_lips', 0.660727322101593), (u'itchy_scalp', 0.6552769541740417), (u'Wear_sunscreen', 0.6527934074401855), (u'sunburnt', 0.6515013575553894)]





Fever, cold, cough and sunburn 
kim that is a bad sunburn i have had that kind of sunburn need to put a lot of lotion, looks painful 
@KimKardashian psh I burned my eye with shampoo real bad.  it reminded me of ur sunburn 
i have a sunburn mustache!  hahaha
is lonely and has a minor sunburn. How very... not sexy at all. 
going bowling; &amp;sunburnt 
@crashpixie we leave tomorrow  I've never been this sunburn LOL
just kidding...the sunburn will not let me sleep 
@KimKardashian  that looks like it hurts!! ive never had a sunburn =X armenians shouldnt burn!! lol
ugh sunburn  I got a nice sunburn yesterday lol.
Ouch, sunburn 
Hideous combination of sunburn and sniffles 
heatstroke..  not so good 
@statuesaints I know, I have a sunburn thanks to good bbq. 
I know why my skin was freaking out yesterday. I got sunburn and my nose was peeling 
my neck is sunburnt 
Man my sunburn hurts! I hate having fair hair/skin 
sunburnt and i'm starting to feel it. no bueno. 
My sunburn hurts. 
got a little sunburn 
really painful sunburn on my neck 
Not goin to work today I got blisters from my sunburn and it's on my sholders can't put any pressure on it 
Sunburn sucks. 
ughhhh i hate sunburns.......  
@adixoxo but sumtym sunburn make my skinn sooo hurt 
Ouch! Rubbing ointment into my upper body muscles, I think I've torn a muscle or ligament or some shit! 
I'm suffering from sunburn.   I didn't think I was getting much sun because it was overcast...
 sunburn..hurts!
yahh i went swimming...and got the white part of my florida farmer's tan all sunburnt...it hurts sooo bad!! 
@chelseachan Sunburns are the worst. FYL. 
My sunburn reallyyy hurts! I hope I at least get a cute tan out of this lol 
went fishing today, all i caught was a mild sunburn and a crap-load of weeds. 
so who wants to bring me some aloe vera or vitamin e filled lotion? i can't find any in my house.  stupid sunburn is starting to hurt now.
@fungy14 no... not the tanning smell... the lotion smell... again, i have said something wrong! 
@LuckyKatrin  Sunburns suck.  
hates mondays and sunburns 
My sunburn itches SO BAD.   
hey guess what! sunburns hurt 
I have a baaad looking sunburn 
Trying to sleep  sunburn o sunburn why do thy do this to me?
The beach is awesome, but sunburn sucks.  
found &quot;pretty paper&quot; whew.. now getting flashlight to go outside &amp; snip aloe vera for  other daughter's dreadful sunburn. 
http://twitpic.com/6622a - I just realized the extent of my sunburn. It stings!!!!! 
My sunburn is peeling, 
Sunburn ouch 
Now I have a sunburn 
Sunburn on my knees 
bout to go to work with a wicked sunburn on the chest.  
I'm loving the humidity right now...great for the skin....another love that won't last 
god... im suffering greatly... having no hair + sitting in blazing sunshine = v v bad sunburn 
my sunburn is starting to peel 
my sunburn hurts 
arghh ! i feel like a lobster ! sunburn hurts 
Ow. Sunburn hurts! 
More sunburn 
Sunburn hurts! 
My sunburn itches  ouch
Sunburn hurts... 
Sunburn is not as fun as I remember 
@karriereKay being sunburnt is horrible 
sunburnt again 
sunburn still huts  haden needs to be here
Sunburn is still hurting... Currently look like a cherry tomato 
Has just woken up next to paul, with a sore sunburnt back 
I _hate_ sunblock 
@dphotography Up since 5am. Sunburn very sore 
Sleeping with sunburn is very not cool. 
sunburn is soooo painfulll!! 
Recovering from a nasty sunburn 
i have such a bad sunburn now!!!! 
@lewk because I'm suffering from sunburn 
I have got bad sunburn in very random patches!!  http://yfrog.com/0ggi9j ahh memories
is starting to itch from my sunburn 
ive got sunburn  
Sunburn on my tattoo shoulder 
my sunburn is sore and i'm cold  can you cuddle me warm and look after me like you used to do?
sunburn hurts in the shower 
this sunburn really fucking hurts now 
I have a bit if a sunburn 
my sunburn is peeling 
@snoewhite26 That's why I stay inside lol the worst sunburn I ever got was while yard selling  How'd you do?
I am so red with sunburn  i wouldnt mind so much if i didnt have strap marks
crazy tan lines &amp; sunburn. i have a sunglasses tan 
sunburn is starting to sting now  ive got bright red now eeek.
Just went Swimming. Sunburn 
my sunburn hurts 
i hate sunburn, its nipping 
Sunburn is killing me, even burnt my knees   It really feels like its only about 6pm as it still really light yet its 22:38pm oh well
@anglcjen PS  I'm so sorry  I know sunburn hurts 
Ouch my sunburn is starting to get sore to touch now.. its all over except from my cheeks lmao..gony be sore to wear cloths  and sleep :O
tired now  and my sunburn hurts. gonna go to bed soon one i've decided what to watch!
is suffering badly with sunburn not a happy bunny right now 
Sunscreen didn't work on me, the places where I put the sun screen is the worst 
@stuiy it puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the burn again!  
I got a sunburn...again  
i have a sunburn all over my bodyyyyyy 
I hate sunburn.  it hurtss.
i am peeling ridiculously bad from my sunburn in buffalo... its nasty 
OUCHIE!!!!! after all the sunblock I put on I still managed to get burnt 
My mom just made me put vinegar on my sunburn because it's still dark red.  i smell like a salad now...
I have a mega sunburn 
My sunburn is itchy... 
My Sunburn hurts!! 
just got up, ooooow my sunburn  time to slap on the aftersun and put on some lose tshirt i think
my socks are hurting my sunburn 
i would enjoy going into the sun but i need sun tan lotion. ouchie burny skin. 
god it's so hot and my sunburn hurts 
And my skin is kinda red now. I swear I used my sun lotion but it never helps 
so the little patch of sunburn I got on memorial day has turned into an actual first degree burn. it hurts 
note to self: please put toothpaste on burn/scalded skin once it is burned/scalded and not wait because it hurts now 
(@bloomworthy) note to self: please put toothpaste on burn/scalded skin once it is burned/scalded and not wait because it hurts now 
sun is evil, it burrrnnns haha. i only wanted a bit of a tan not pink burns 
ouch. quite baldy sunburnt now 
My sunburn is starting to hurt now 
My sunburn itches  and I have cold feet
@JackPierce  I have pale and sensitive skin so burn easily 
I have a really bad sunburn on my chest.  It is not fun.  
i so fed up, i don't like sunburn 
@Saskiafairy apparently just til wednesday!  but suppose that's still good - did u see my sunburn ?
I love sun but i hate sunburn... can never win 
sunburn seems to be getting worse, i cannot move my arms 
i feel like crying! this sunburn nips so bad!  grrr
Is sooooo sunburnt!  I can hardly walk! Hha
sunburnt  ouch!
oh god! i got blisters from sunburnt :/ and it hurts so much 
ouch sunburn  goddamn pale skin!
@marginatasnaily i have a sunburnt back as i couldnt reach it with the l suncream!!  xx
recovering from sunburn  
ahh im really starting to feel my sunburn now 
so proud! did a good job applying sunblock constantly, so patrick &amp; i barely have a sunburn! And my boy has no hair 
first sunburn of the summer, my shoulders hurt.  anyone care to rub on the aloe lotion
sunburnt. whoooops 
i've decided i don't like the sun much, my sunburn is a bitch 
Sunburn on feet really hurts 
ouch sunburn hurts 
Sunburn is a bitch! I cant get comfy at all!  x
holy shit I'm burnt  ouch...skin cancer here I come.
sitting in my jammies nursing my sunburn 
@pariahsquee But i don't wanna go to bed yet *pouts* Also: i don't know if it's sunburn or sand burn on my arm but it hurts a LOT 
naps wanted. Sunburn should not be a thing 
hope this sunburn isn't as bad as it seems and my skin won't be peeling off 
sunburn hurts when trying to sleep.... fact!  x
real bad sunburn on my back. ouch 
I'll never fall asleep 2night,.....sunburnt.....  even w/ 50SPF,I'll need another Aloe plant by the A.M!!
ouch. sunburn. and me and english rose an' all. not good. 
urgh. allergies just fuck with my skin 
Missed a bit of my shoulder/back when putting suncream on yday, had forgotten how painful sunburn is 
hates having this sunburn 
Despite liberal and regular application of sunscreen yesterday, my poor ordinarily pale skin is rather red - ouch  - and freckled
away in a shower ;) ma sunburn hurts soo much tho  x
Sunburn.  but o well gotta enjoy the sun while u can up here lol.
Tired as hell. And the worst sunburn ever 
Sunburn and stubble rash - a painful mix! 
is luvn the sunshine but not enjoyin her sunburn 
I hate sunburn  the kids are gonna love beating me up tonight!
This lady uses my lotion evryday, and now she shows me a rash on her arm sayn it may be ringworm as she hands my lotion back.  wtf!!!
Sunburn sucks 
What do I use for sunburns?!?! 
Ouch sunburn hurts 
has a nasty sunburn, when will I ever learn? 
My sunburn huuuuuurts 
sunburn hurts. 
has got red patches were the suncream didnt quite reach 
@sammy1986 i know !   i watched it.  how sad ?!    i hate sunburn btw.
@gemalem that's why i unlocked mine! you're lucky not having sunburn, it aches 
is dying. i hate sunburns. 
too much sunburn 
seriously still cant move with this sunburn  AND its all itchy magee
my burns hurt soo muchh 
Sunburn. absolute agony 
has the worst sunburn iv possibly ever had  
all sunburn raelly sore  x
sunburn hurts  and i'm off you bed. night twitterworlddd! xx
Sunburn kills but hey i guess we have to make the most of the sun i mean i am in wales..all it does is rain normally  lol x x
finally off to bed, my sunburn still hurts 
having to deal with painful sunburn 
has possible first degree burns... 
I'm super sunburned.  sunburnt? whatever. same difference.
i wish my sunburn would just go awayyy! 
This sunburn is making it hard to sleep 
Against my advice @strikerobi put scented lotion on his sunburn. He has learned a lesson the hard way. 
So sunburnt, not going to be able to sleep comfortably. 
My sunburn hurtss   a lot!!
Loving the weather! Sunburn hurts though 
hungover and sunburnt!!! what a bad combination 
ouchhh my sunburn stings like a bitch! 
@Jacquelinee94 SWORE: ouchhh my sunburn stings like a bitch! 
@gay_burns that's awful 
driving sooon, my sunburn hurtsss 
SunnnnShineeee ;)......sunburn 
@broganss hun u should cover up or use sun cream that is at least factor 15 sunburn can double your risk of skin cancer. 
My sunburn delay me from working out.... I'm still tender... 
Arghh. Sunburn is not good 
my sunburn is driving me mad. 
I have a sunburn 
My sunburn hurtsss. 
ouch ouch ouch sunburn and sore feet 
i have some serious sunburn 
sunburn sucks 
@danhetherton No fair I've been in the sun all day no bites and no sunburn or colour,   definatly coming for a swim now. xxx
damn, my sunburn is starting to hurt real bad 
my sunburn itches real bad!  but i can't scratch it   make it stop!
In cooking - well i'm not  my sunburn is peeling ! It really hurts !
this sunburn needs to go away. i want to go outside 
my sunburn is starting to itch!!! 
@wmwmsblog ouch that burns 
my skin is dry up in the alps 
sunburn showers are possibly the most painful thing on earth 
straightener burns are horrible 
soooo itchy. this sunburn is healing so weirdly. i can't sleep bc my back itches too much 
@tommcfly apparently he might be canceling all shows due to his skin cancer 
is sad he didn't get a day in the studio!  on his was to a UV-free session and picking up food with matthew!
ouch..! not feeling well  sunburn
So itchy....peeling  tan vanishing...all that sunburn pain for nothing!
ouch sunburn 
Sunburn on my scalp due to working outside today 
Sunburn is itchy 
i have one hell of a sunburn 
myles is playing bartender. and i have a sunburn 
appluing lotion to my sunburn  and going to the gym...sunburn+exercise=probably a bad combo. wish me luck
Sunburn just hit me. I though i wasn't burnt..!  my shoulder hurts
I did it...i got sunburn.  and it hurts cuz It's right on my shoulders!
I got a really bad sun burn and was only out for a little bit.  It really sucks!  I'm gettin skin cancer for sure 
sunburn! OUCH!!!!!!! 
mmmm sunburn  I really hate this...
Right now, putting aloe on my sunburn feels like I'm pouring rubbing alcohol on an open wound the size of my shoulders. OWWW!! 
i have a sunburn 
I hate sunburn 
I got a sunburn today (cause I am a pale freak) and now I am ALL ITCHY. It's so annoying. 
so sunburnt  it hurts, i'm sore, poop.
sunburn!!  I forgot to put on sunblock!! shnat-zi!!
The strip of sunburn i got on my forehead last wk is now peeling and looks like dandruff 
@freeandflawed mine burns from the pukey 
Sunburns suck. 
most of my sunburn is browned on out, except where i couldn't reach with the sunscreen  that's boiled-lobster-red.
Suffering from a Sunburn 
Sunburn on my forhead. 
I have the worlds worst sunburn 
@makeupblogger Maybe I could get a tan too. I usually get sunburn since I have very pale skin and fair too. 
sunburn hurts... 
most likely burning right about now, damn white skin 
ahh sunburn kills  i dont want to play soccer.
@squat04 ok ~ now your just being mean   Rubbing it in...mmmmm
I think my scalp got sunburnt!  it hurrrrrrrts.
sunburn....not so cool 
Sunburn.  I has it.  
Sunburn on my shoulders 
Ouch sunburn 
putting lotion on your own sunburn doesn't feel as good as when someone else does it for you. . .  
I have a sunburn 
@Ghostflowerr I have a sunburn too 
Ouch my sunburn hurts 
Next weekend when we go in the pool? I'm wearing a poncho so this sunburn wont happen again! Or I could you know...use sunblock... 
soooo tired ... going to sleep w/ a sunburn  not fun
just found out that she has a sunburn on her chest from the outing today. 
grrrrr...sunburn itches 
wishing i didnt spend quite so much time enjoying the beach yesterday!  sunburn.. owie 
Sunburn hurts soooooo much  But #Fantasypride was so much fun, I'm sad it's over already 
Sunburn on my face. ohno. 
Ouch! my Sunburn hurts 
is really really suffering with sunburn 
my sunburn has a sunburn  ouch ouch ouch
waking up with the kids. I got the worst sunburn yesterday 
alll I got to say is OUCH..... Sunburn..and aching body. 
Fml. This sunburn actually hurts 
ouchy!! sunburn 
I have a sunburn...and a hyper pitbull who jumps..not pleasant. 
that bloody sunburn hurts!!! 
@tdriser im so jealous --- ive been trying to get a sunburn all summer break, but its not happening  sunburns suck but they lead to tans!
i think i got sunburn 
- I am burnt to a crisp.   Sunburn sucks!
Sunburn achey  sleeeeepy but gonna read more from bex &amp; shopaholic!
Ugh sun burns 
currently dying from a sunburn. 
I would like my sunburn to go away, my shoulders hurt 
sunburn sucks 
is hoping the sunburn eases up soon..a few blisters too...ouch 
Suffering from sunburn 
The monsoon killed my spray tan..... 
i got too much sun sunburn now 
Is working 2 to 9.  Sunburn is killing me 
Working! And sunburnt. 
guys..my sunburn is peeling and it looks like i have dry skin. WHY!?!? that's soooo embarrassing. it's not dry skin. it's my sunburn. 
So sunburnt 
I haz sunburn, again. 
i have a sunburn on my scalp 
Why do burns make you cold? 
Ouch. Sunburn!!  so sad.
@burnie16  what's wrong burns?? don't be sad ohkay?!
I'm so itchy from this sunburn still  halp!
@nicbrewer so sorry to hear about your sunburn  you could be here in the heat and humidity!
off to the dermatologist, yet again... go away bad skin 
@Cupcakee89 hecks yeah I want to go, but then I'm not sure, cause I don't want to have a sunburn for the wedding 
just putting cream on my legs when l looked down to see that my skin is shedding  agh dam sun burn not so sexy . Needs to go by nxt wk
got sunburned on the back of my neck, guess I didn't put enough sun tan lotion on, now I'm paying for it.   
ow, sunburn  @steffbushey what were we thinking?
i am not a fan of sunburn and chapped lips 
This is why it stinks to wear a visor when you have a receeding hairline. I hate sunburns  http://twitgoo.com/u5uo
putting aloe vera on my sunburn!    I practically bathed in it sunscreen everywhere but my legs.  That's what burned!
Ouuuuuuuch sunburn  random white smear shows you how good I am at applying my own sunscreen!! :p http://yfrog.com/0weiqj
putting aloe vera on my sunburn!  I practically bathed in sunscreen everywhere but my legs. That's what burned!
working....and not liking this sunburn 
putting some lotion on my burn 
@omgitsBFK omg! apply aloe or get that aloe after sun lotion! 
my sunburn is SO itchy...I can't sleep  
I hate sunburn  http://twitpic.com/7orq6
I have a bad sunburn.  I'm in serious pain.....I guess I should have remembered my sun tanning lotion. 
Sunburn.....owww!  2 more days....then home.....  
in clear water soaking up the rays...with a sunburn 
@ZURANN  the weather very hot! my skin bad although i am staying at home . at least you dont have pimples lor
Ouch! Sunburn.  
This sunburn is making me sick 
Almost forgot what it's like being sunburnt 
Sunscreen gives me really dry skin  I'm not liking it, especially on the face. @143makeup any suggestions?
my sunburn hurts...... 
Slightly concerned at the state of my sunburn now. I currently resemble a lobster. Looks pretty bad 
I got a sunburn   but its okay cause it will turn into a tan : P
my sunburn hurtsssss 
My sunburn is very itchy 
Wish my sunburns would go away....hate being toasted. 
Watching sopranos, putting aloe vera all over my horrendous sunburn 
my sunburn is starting to itch now 
my shoulders really hurt today from my sunburn 
Sunburn = massive pain 
My skin doctor said I have to remove my moles on my skin 
Sunburn...... :*(........ ouch.......   
I think my sunburn is going to scar 
I have the extremely itchy sunburn. It's pretty much the worst thing I've ever experienced...   
my sunburn hurts sooo bad.....   sunscreen will def be put on next time.
I didn't know it was possible to get a sunburn this dumb looking. 
my sunburn hurts 
Sunburn makes you hot. 
Sunburn hurts pretty good! 
i am hurting really bad from my sunburn! 
I think my vitamins are breaking my skin out?! 
My sunburn hurts 
Definitely a little sunburn! 
i stills hurt! its a 2nd degree burn sunburn.... 
camping fun.. the sunburns, not so much 
Sunburn... go away... please 
Sunburn again 
My sunburn is peeling sooo weird 
Off to bed, man my sunburn hurts 
@AbbyMuppet it's like he's done this all along, still miss Humphs dryness though 
oceanfest was amazingggg, sunburnt though 
I don't know which is more painful ::: my tatoo or my shoulder sunburn... 
I am in so much pain from my sunburn even showers hurt. I have never burnt my legs so bad in my life! It hurst 
has a really bad sunburn... 
I obtained a sunburn 
omg.. my sunburn still hurts 
so sunburnt 
Sunburns...why do they have to happen? I'm completely miserable 
Owchh sunburn is hurting me 
I have such a horrible headache  and my sunburn is peeling hahaha fml
I has a realllly nasty sunburn 
Sunburn hurts 
@angelicshades yeah, it's nasty hot outside where I am too  I seem to have a never ending sunburn!
@crissyrob sunburn what a sore yin  the fogs in now lol
very sore from sunburn 
hmmm.. missed some spots with the sunscreen this morning - I have a sunburn.  
got burned by he sun nooo!!! I didn't put enough sunscreen and now I'm paying for it 
my skin is peeling. it's really disgusting. i hate it when burns get this bad. and it's all pale underneath. 
owww...my skin hurts real bad from the sunburn..  can I not go to work today? *pyppyeyes*|
owww...my skin hurts real bad from the sunburn..can I not go to work? *puppyeyes* 
going to take a bath. i have a baaaaaaad sunburn. 
@MissSabrinaSin aww  i'm so used to burns that it doesnt bother me anymore i just go ouch. 
@rachellefriberg tanning damages your skin. andcaucasian skin ages quickly with the sun. so ive been told lol awww 
is laid in bed and can't move coz of my sunburn! 
i HATE sunburn 
back.. am sunburnt 
Waking up sore from the sunburn!! 
I have the worst sunburn ever! 
I have a sunburn. That really hurt 
Does anyone know how to treat sunburn? 
Admiring my first sunburn of '09. 
@trent_reznor but that's what umbrellas and spf 85 lotion is for 
I looovee the sun, hello UV 1000000 
a slight sunburn... but I love it! le soleil 
exhausted, sore and sunburnt. but I'm really happy 
@Nycteris windex has so little ammonia, you'll hardly notice. And even if no UV reaction occurs, just having a spectral analysis is cool. 
@Twitch_23 even with sunburn the race sounded fun to me. 
i'm about to be soooo broke and sooooo sunburnt 
@leatherzebra Rubbing alcohol will remove permanent marker from skin, fyi if you didn't already know. 
