Most common words for this cluster:
[('sunday', 1026), ('morning', 119), ('day', 84), ('work', 75), ('night', 60), ('today', 41), ('week', 38), ('time', 37), ('tomorrow', 37), ('afternoon', 32), ('weekend', 30), ('am', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Sunday', 0.9999376535415649), (u'Saturday', 0.914842963218689), (u'Friday', 0.8294692635536194), (u'Monday', 0.8046733736991882), (u'Thursday', 0.796762228012085), (u'Wednesday', 0.7894712090492249), (u'Tuesday', 0.7836087942123413), (u'evening', 0.6181535720825195), (u'afternoon', 0.6149625778198242), (u'Thurday', 0.6087885499000549)]





In the garage getting an estimate for the wheel damage on my car from Sunday's  little mishap - not looking good! 
@killerwhaletank we need to remember to get flowers on Sunday morning. 
I am at work, wishing it was Sunday night 
Is up too early for a Sunday 
Being mad at myself for agreeing to work tomorrow what is my prob?? (I love my Sunday's off)  
Some people are in there own world and don't notice that people want to sleep in on a Sunday morning!! I wanted to sleep in 
G'AH, workin' on a Sunday 
So so early on a Sunday morning 
is up waaaaay too early for a Sunday. 
off to lunch. then some work. urggh... it is a Sunday 
ugh... too early to be awake on a Sunday 
Yiew.... I am feeling overloaded. And it is only Sunday morning. 
I also didn't walk today   I might walk tomorrow, dunno tho, if not I am definatly walking Sunday
7am is too early to be working on a Sunday.. 
I'm up too early for a Sunday  bit hung over, need water !!!
I have been up an hour already... on a Sunday too! 
Sunday's toast so -ff to bed b4 another week in the boredroom......... 
boring Sunday 
@AnneBB  well I don't fly out until Sunday but you probably exhausted or busy
@TaraWhitney totally agree! M already seeing the end of my Sunday. 
@stealthsbodygrd Sunday today blaahhh .. work tomoro so quiet night 
Sunday PaperRound awaits: http://is.gd/tfM0   A little later than I hoped because of an almost comatose internet connection this morning 
It's so wrong to be in work on a Sunday 
Sunday! 
@stevecampbelluk working a Sunday after partying!  lol
damn nanna nap turned into a marathon sleep.. Sunday over- here comes monday  
Sunday lazy afternoon !, Too hot to bike 
Restless on a Sunday night again... 
@ the office on a Sunday 
beautiful Sunday morning - just 100+ emails to check through 
Going to law-library to study...and that on Sunday 
what a boring rainy Sunday 
Sunday night, getting ready for bed and a full week at work 
Sunday night... 
Sainsburys packed, late for meeting - it's a Sunday 
getting ready to go to work....hate working on a Sunday 
is up way too early for a Sunday morning 
up early on Sunday morning with  twins who are still sick!  fever for 6 days is criminal... looks like we have ear infections now 
@MizFitOnline  It is 9:41pm on Sunday night here.  No time to salvage. 
@jengreaves C++ is what I do on a Sunday 
Alarm clock woke me up on Sunday. I don't work on Sunday. I got up for nothing. 
feels a little better today, waiting for my lovely Sunday dinner LOL. eastenders on soon, but iv got loads of work to do.  boohoo.
A beautiful Sunday afternoon......good matches on the telly.....time to work 
Dreading the fact that I need to go to the office and work....on a Sunday 
Working on a sunny Sunday 
Sunday is not fun day when you gotta work 
doing homework on a Sunday morning 
Why is it I never get enough sleep going into a Sunday morning? 
Oh dear, there is that Sunday evening feeling - work tomorrow 
This Sunday, I have to clean (talk about no free time) and do homework, my michigan bare book and get spring clothes organized.  a waste
What a great dog! She doesn't want us to leave like we do every Sunday morning.   http://twitpic.com/3lj98
Sunday morning coffee!  and schoolwork 
up way too early for my own good on a Sunday and off to school to work on a group presentation. 
Sunday morning...better get to grading all of those assignments that were handed in last week 
A blessed Sunday morning 2 u all.  I didn't make it church this morning 
I'm so sad it's Sunday 
no relaxing Sunday for me. 
It's a gorgeous Sunday, and I'm at work 
Quintuples over  bad Sunday.
It's Sunday again... 
today was a bit of a Sunday morning musical mahem... I was hitting lots of sour notes... don't like it when that happens 
Sunday's are never as relaxing as they should be. They are all about preparing for the week ahead 
At work on Sunday. 
watching my baby sleeping. Such a pretty Sunday and I'm not in beach. 
got the Sunday evening blues 
Sunday was otherwise good - sunshine, walk, food, laundry - other than missing my aunt's memorial service. 2 far to travel with the baby. 
i hate Sunday nights 'cause i can never fall asleep 
I do not want Sunday to be over... 
Is scared for Sunday to come. 
Just slept for 10hrs!? And my alarm was set on Sunday shift so now am late for work 
@gerardway Badly, to be honest. A good friend and one of your biggest fans passed away Sunday morning. 
@christine_evans I'm gonna try! I'm gonna hate coming home Sunday 
@queenkv - We were thinking about taking the children but, E got sick today and had a fever.  Hopefully he is better by Sunday.
@spsheridan I'm soooo bummed I'm gonna miss @podfeet's show again on Sunday. I have a house call during that time slot  wahhh!
Sunday again... this time with no holiday in the horizon 
#093M3 it is a sin to be up this early on a Sunday...I want my bed 
I am in office on a Sunday 
It's far too early to be up on a Sunday morning. Especially as a little girl was awake most of the night 
Sunday is slipping away with the sunset - how ordinary is that . . .humph 
Actually, I'll give it 10-15 levels or so over the next week. It's a shame it's Sunday night, otherwise I'd do it tomorrow. 
Today is a very crazy Sunday for me somewhat bad day 
Sunday for me only means one thing: tomorrow is monday ... 
mornin tweetsters! I.ve bin up 4 ages on a Sunday mornin. Not good. But i did ave a bad dream! 
Sunday morning telly is so pointless!  This is obv why I'm usually asleep at this time!! *yawns*
damnit, I'm out of coffee! And it's Sunday 
hates that he has to study on Sunday. 
Morning world another Sunday with a hangover 
Sunday night is such a dark time.Facing up to the long drudge of the week to come and wondering how the 2 days off went by so fast 
16 slides done, at least 30 more to come... and that on a shiny Sunday 
Is everyone trying to get Sunday lunch recipes from lookandtaste.com via their iphone apps? I cannot access the site 
11.25pm on Sunday and I am about to go to bed  work tomorrow!
No shows on a Sunday night??? 
is a bit insane to be up before 8 on a Sunday to go karting.  zzzzzz ...
@LindsayWhite Ugh, I hate working on a Sunday! I work every Sunday 11am-5pm and it feels like my weekend only lasts a day! 
Just eaten 2 crumpets, very nice but I'm so full now I doubt I will manage much Sunday lunch 
9:00 am at office.  It's Sunday man 
Sunday golf has stolen my boyfriend from me. 
I'm ignoring @rrunyan this morning because it's Sunday and that's his weigh-in day...and he didn't do well this week.  
Sunday morning rain  bring the sun again!
I wish I could sleep past 8 in the morning. The guy at the front desk says there is absolutely nowhere to get a copy of the Sunday Times 
am craving for super beefy shepherd's pie, but it's prolly close to impossible to find at this time on a Sunday. 
How I love to get up at 10 on Sunday to be to work at 11 
Having issues with explorer today  Sunday is a shit day.
Sunday school. Misses his sister @natlz already 
just came back from work-had to work this Sunday... 
Sunday morning, stayed in bed till 9am, now coffee &amp; sitting here in my pjs...a taste of what life will b like when kids r grownup-yuck 
Someone has been stealing my Sunday paper  http://tinyurl.com/c7kgn9
One day, I'm going to finish the Sunday crossword.  But not today.   
Hungover and writing a paper...not the ideal Sunday 
reading a book on a nice lazy Sunday is such a bliss!!! though thoughts of leaving the book and going to work r disturbing 
Awe Sunday morning... I cannot believe that its going to be Monday morning so soon 
@vlh I absolutely hate Sunday evenings 
is sad that Sunday is almost over 
Sunday funday ends  work tomorrow begins
I am so so so sad tough love is over  no more Sunday night tough love with the girls 
Sunday is over  one more day of hooky
Its Sunday and I already want it to be the weekend 
not I'm inebriated on this good Sunday nite . . . weekend is slowly coming to close 
Sunday nights are my least favorite time of the week. 
Sunday is over 
Sunday nights are always depressing.  
I miss her so much  I just wish it was next Sunday already so I could see her..
wish I was still sleeping *yawn* feels like Sunday, how did I have such a short weekend 
today needs to be Sunday 
Wishing it was Sunday... I want the internet on muh phone 
is going to bed cuz i have to be up early tomorrow for work. How sad... work on a Sunday 
Oops, Dish recharge has expired., Sunday is gonna be boring.... 
Sunday doesn't feel the same when I can't go to soccer 
@Schneed *what you up to with your Sunday? Lol hangover has set in. 
Sunday + work = huge bum sucks 
working so early on a Sunday morning sucks it should be against the law 
Sunday morning and I am still in work mode  That's the trouble with starting a new business in a recession...you have to keep working!
I'm spending the whole Sunday at home with my family...(and my flue) 
Sunday already.  Feels like weeks since I took this pic and its just 8 days ago: http://twitpic.com/4wqof
Sunday, noo waay! I hate it! 
is not looking forward to spending yet another Sunday revising 
Going into work on a Sunday is rubbish 
Working on a Sunday 
Today has actually been quite productive for a Sunday but this weekend went way too fast 
Is it really Sunday night again?  That means tomorrow is the most dreaded day of the week ... 
@marcusjroberts working on a Sunday sucks  don't work too hard!
Sunday and working... 
is absolutely fed up having every Sunday ruined with lesson planning 
I'm going to make my way over to the library in a bit. On a Sunday 
cant believe it's a Sunday and we didn't go out at all. 
@JasonBradbury Sunday working?   
Sunday already... boo 
Working on a Sunday .... 
Is at work early on a Sunday morning! 
sitting here at work on Sunday morning, wish i were at home enjoing mothers day with my kids 
Off to work...on a Sunday morning 
Sunday and rain is falling! 
No one showed up at Sunday school today.  
Oh joy it's Sunday 
Just finished watching the Sunday morning talk shows, and getting ready to do some &quot;gotta make a living&quot; work  
Finally enjoying Sunday after working.... And thinking of my family especially my mother whos far away celebrating without me... 
@ange1pie not a nice way to spend your Sunday 
is not enjoying spending Sunday evening working on a presentation 
has the Sunday blues.  xx
Sunday, Sunday oh we have to work tomorrow 
Only one more cys concert left  tell me if you want tickets for next Sunday!
Is chillin on a Sunday night. Is the weekend really almost over. 
@oopswongnumber if it's any consolation, I left mine in the camps' fridge on Sunday 
he's back in portland  i'll see him on Sunday. debating on whether or not to stay longer than 4 days. he's asking me to stay the week.
I hope it don't rain for Sunday! I was excited to go back to r.valley!!!! 
@shadygirl3 I think Its the switch thats bad! Today will make 20 days rain and with no break until Sunday. 
repacking our suitcases for our trip to the U.S. this coming Sunday...minus the kids...I miss them already... 
Week going slow  on well it's Friday tomorrow  and the race for life on Sunday.
A bored morning  --- a typical Sunday start ^^ !!!!
had a good day at the beach.  But it's now 4:30 Sunday afternoon and I have training tomorrow 
I have been up for ages.  Far too early for a Sunday 
Sunday morning up at 7am - @iainmillar gets the lie in this morning  
is up too early for a Sunday...even the comp is still waking up 
good morning  I love sundays, but there is one thing about them I don't like.. Sunday... just one day away from monday 
It's cold, wet and I have a headache - great way to start a Sunday 
thinks it's way too early to be awake on a Sunday 
Yet another rainy Sunday 
Sunday papers boring today, nothing new....this is becoming the norm 
...its too early for me on a Sunday and I have to go to work 
not sunny Sunday 
This is not my ideal Sunday! 
In the office on a Sunday 
Sunday at work  And outside yet another beautiful day
Is at work on a Sunday  im still half asleep &amp; i had to get a bus tut tut...Just waiting for the film crew to arrive.
Oh my! It's already Sunday! 
Sunday morning, weather is terrible 
Sunday ... hmmm, time is going really fast during weekends, but during the week it seems to go slow ... bastard time 
Another Sunday at work 
Getting ready for work this afternoon  I hope  that there's a bus on a Sunday to come home on ....hmmm
It's Sunday, the most boring day on ROBLOX. 
Sunday is here again.... why do the weekends go do fast 
@rossw9 ha true! The joys of trying to get home on a Sunday 
Sunday night. The most depressing night of the week. The weekend is gone and I couldn't be further away from the next one 
Oh no it's Sunday. I have to go back to work tomorrow. 
Fish n chips is no substitute for a Sunday roast 
Few things seem as out of whack as waking up on a Sunday and going to work. 
Sunday night is as bad as monday morning.. 
getting ready to go to work and it's Sunday 
Home today on this Sunday with nothing to do! 
Ahh Sunday dinner, steak with all the trimmings me thinks..., back to fruit and veg tomorrow 
@felicityfuller Sunday afternoon blues ? 
Why in the hell was I awake at 6am on a Sunday 
Heading to a Sunday appointment. On one hand, work is good. On the other hand, it's Sunday for pete's sake, I would rather be relaxing. 
working on a Sunday 
Sunday  I need to do a debate on the legalization of prostitution or marijuana this thurs. haven't decided yet haha 4-day wknd soon tho :]
@tamsynstrike dirty sexy money is amazing!!!! so so good! the 2nd season may even be better than the 1st! Sunday nights will be boring 
Sunday funday! Trying not to think about having to work tomorrow! 
has that Sunday evening feeling 
working on a Sunday 
Sunday funday! oh wait..... I have to get up at 5 tomorrow for work! 
stuck on side of highway w/my dog &amp; a flat tire Not my best Sunday ever 
Sunday, boring, Sunday.  It is nice out - but I'm just not very motivated.  I think cuz I have to go to work tonight 
 . Sunday is over.
I hate Sunday, I always feel down 
Sunday night tv is crap!!! 
Man I miss Sunday dinners with the fam!  I need sum real food 2night.
Lying in bed, tryin to go to sleep, so not tired tho! What's there to do at midnight on a Sunday? 
I'm still sleepy but have the dentist and it's my only day off until Sunday! 
I'm still sleepy but have the dentist and it's my only day off until Sunday!  http://bit.ly/C807o
lost the match on Sunday by 6 runs...was on strike to complete the task but could not 
working till 1:00am on a Sunday sucks 
@laurenrinaudo i wish it wasn't gonna be as late as Sunday before we hang out! 
in home stretch for 1/2 marathon on Sunday! hope my blister heals 
@jasminechanel I'm sorry...and I owe you. I promise this Sunday. 
I have six fckin mosquito bites from Sunday that are buggin the shit outta me! They're so damn itchy!!! 
I want to wake up and have it be Sunday. Sunday two years ago, before all the shit went down and the church lost appeal. I miss you both. 
@tmofee I'd love to. But I'm working tomorrow night &amp; Sunday lunchtime 
Working on Sunday from 7am to 7pm  So much for Sunday, day of rest.
About to head off to a beach campsite and no t or internet til Sunday 
@elysion32 You too. I'm off today and Saturday, working Sunday and Monday  It's all good though
then on Sunday I am catching up with family  I am the eldest cousin and then doing homework I will also be very tired.
Wish I was seeing the offspring, taking back Sunday, alkaline trio, the used, and anberlin tonight 
@Joshkoci ohh man. I would TOTALLY come, but I'm gone on Sunday! 
Really ready for a 3 day weekend. Too bad I'm working on Sunday.  
party Sunday, hit me back if anyone is interested. oh and @sds2e, I texted you and you didn't respond... now I am sad 
Sunday's test is gonna be pathetic as usual 
It is my birthday on Sunday. I don't think my wife has planned anything for it 
@MomsMix i lost at monopoly Sunday  LOL rematch!
@DenubisX i'd love to but i have so many Things To Do atm &gt;&lt; Sunday mornings are almost my only me time opp atm lol 
I've been too damn absent-minded lately. Just realized I don't have my wallet from 6 hrs ago...&amp; still no sign of my wayfarers frm Sunday 
@chrisfranzmusic aaaaaaaahhhhh you're so close yet so far away  I will  indeed see you on Sunday if you will be around!
now im gettin a complex my followers are shrinking   want to make 100 b4 Sunday 
WORS bike race at camp this weekend=a total of 1500 people. Going anywhere Sunday is not an option as they race right past the house  #fb
Ugh soooo much work to do today while trying to make the 6:10 train to the game... looking like a 4-5 hour Sunday at the office. 
All my loved ones are leaving on Sunday..... sad 
@AnarchyGarden I was going to go on Sunday, but now I've got too much going on that weekend 
@thebeckyanne I'm giving my sis a show at my crib Sunday, she's an incredible jewelry designer, but you'll be gone 
@FlowerDust I'm bummed...you're gonna be only 30 minutes from me on Sunday &amp; I can't come hear ya. 
I'm at work and I'm still sick and I'm really pissed off about Sunday!!! 
@RyanSeacrest that was such a tease!  I cant wait til Sunday!!  but then after that, nothing until November   oh well, i can wait!
@NewMoon_addict yeah like super short  I guess I'll just have to hold my breath till Sunday.
work  I don't wanna go  excited fir Sunday though!
@msorrick I was going to go tonight but can't  Sunday though. The previews are making me want to see it asap!!
Packing up all my things tonight.Sunday is my last day in the place I've called home for so many years 
I don't wana go to work on Sunday. 
Guess what........... If anyone cares my family has left me home alone for camping. And Sunday is my birthday.  
@nickmaccarron oops I just twittered u from my moms acct.  I am so glad u will be here Sunday.  I really need you right now 
bad trip..we have duty on a Sunday  this suuuuuuuuuuucks!!!! I was so looking forward to a long weekend 
@technokitty09 I'll be back Sunday... woke up with a bad back again  No more lifting TV's for me!
I wanted to party all night long... It's barely Sunday 
my day has gone way too quick, it's almost Sunday 
At work, all alone in the office, on a Sunday... this sucks 
I agree thank god the weekend is here but then after Sunday comes and goes, here comes another long week 
trying to sleep or else won't be able to fully enjoy her Sunday.. 
Sunday already   the weekend goes too fast.
Sunday, lazy Sunday... after this long weekend, no more vacation time until August 
@jameswilliams working on a Sunday!!! 
Sunday is always boring..  
@theravster oh no tmrw is Sunday!  btw I pic-ed bed bug protection product just to quell your fears. There is prevention!
finally finished cutting out invitations now I can relax and enjoy what is left of my Sunday afternoon before going back to work tomoz 
Guess who gets to wake up at 5am on a Sunday to stock hummus and guacamole?!?! Wow, that's pathetic..... 
At work again! Sunday ,its sunny and im stuck in an office 
what the Efff  - maxCom is having Hiccups    It does that every Sunday .. don't they know all 7 days are working days for me .. 
A lazy lazy Sunday. I miss thrift shopping. 
Morning guys.... It's 7.35 on Sunday morning and I'm in work. Can you believe that  finish this afternoon so still catch the sun ?
Morning! I was up at 8am,on a Sunday,it's not natural!Today it's dull and raining  should have seen it coming as it was hot hot hot y'day!
Doing quotes on a Sunday afternoon 
Boring Sunday.... 
Boring Sunday ...... 
You take a shower, get coffee and it still hurts. I hate Sunday mornings............. 
why is Sunday here already? wtf? where did my weekend go? 
Sunday.. what a boring day 
Sunday morning twitter is very quiet! 
Not a good Sunday for me..feeling not so good 
Working on Sunday 
A lonely Sunday again 
Being stuck at work on a Sunday night isn't my idea of fun. 
but it's a great distraction from doing studies on a Sunday night! 
Up early on a Sunday morn. I almost killed a squirrel just now  ahhh
@AmyyVee I hope so... though I'm pretty sure I'm gnna have to wait until next Sunday... unless they call it off again... 
Another boring Sunday 
Why do I get up at 7 a.m. on Sunday...when I have nothing to do 
had a very good Sunday, but has to wake up crazily early tomorrow 
I wanna see the new paparazzi video  but I'm off to see my nan ;) mmm Sunday roast
05/31/09 Sunday; Also, It's been quiet days   
Sunday should be the day of rest, but noooo, instead I'm studying 
It's Sunday good morning everyone! I am at work  wishing to be still in bed!
@Ashmona12 good morning! I didn't sleep worth crap! Its Sunday already? Where did my weekend go? 
@crmk77 I am so sorry to hear hear about your news this morning, crmk77.    What a tough Sunday.  
@salandpepper Jealous! I wish I still had half of Sunday to go.. bed time soon for me   *throws little tantrum*
Sunday afternoon. Where did the day go? 
Sunday went too fast 
Working on a Sunday. 
Seriously, who wants to work on a Sunday anyways?  #fb
@bluefloor  It's cause I forgot it was Sunday and I have one channel to choose from.
Is it me or are people tweeting less today? [oh, right, Sunday... not for us..  ]
Sunday May 31st - Urghhh sooo warm today for studying! All motivation is lost in this weather  http://tinyurl.com/lr3hoo
No! It's Sunday 
Why in the hell did I wake up at 6am on a Sunday?  
Sunday already? The weekend goes by so fast 
A boring old Sunday.... 
Sunday, bored. 
A ploafy Sunday is a good thing when you're coming down with a cold 
hates Sunday! Bcos i got to work the following day 
Working on a Sunday 
good morning....going to make some breaqkfast for the kids.....wow its Sunday already 
a rare Sunday at home.... miss church family today 
hmmm another rainy Sunday..... 
@tin2car Some finance exam. :-| It's next Sunday. 
Heading to work....ugh on a Sunday. 
working till 10.. what a wonderful Sunday 
awake ... its a lazy day and I need a Sunday kind of love ... goin out with my fav girl 2night 4 our last shindig on the town 
I thought Sunday's were supposed to be a day of rest! ! ! 
Sunday. . . work tomorrow 
Ugh I hate Sunday morning car shows....all the pretty stuff I cant buy  haha
@MusicFan1uk It's just a summer cold, but I'm still sad I'll be wasting my Sunday not feeling well. 
Thanks to my family and friends for their support. Last week prep   Then next Sunday.....it's eating time!!!!!
Sunday, it's the worst day of the week indeed. 
I hate Sunday evenings! it just means getting closer to going back to work 
Biked to work for the second time...too bad it is on a sunny Sunday 
it's Sunday morning and I need stop lazing around 
Wow! what a weekend, don't think i've stopped at all, great fun though! The Sunday blues are setting in now though 
@Sunday28 yeah and I just got off work it blew 
Just got back from work, had to go fix the network...on a Sunday 
Ooopssss... Sunday &amp; working... 
Sunday night - ironing shirts 
Why does it have to be Sunday already?  I don't wanna go to work 
I have had a wonderful Sunday, except realizing that I can't afford to go to the temple 
Having a pretty relaxed Sunday, and thinking about going back to work 
Sunday is not my funday 
Doing some work on a Sunday. 
having another &quot;blah&quot; Sunday 
Note to self: businesses are unlikely to have boxes lying around on Sunday. 
I spent 12+ hrs yesterday working on my new website, exhausted, didn't even get to read the Sunday papers 
@FloridaSunSales waiting at home for a phonecall. Also am dumb and thought 31st was NEXT Sunday.  
@himynameisciara what will i waste my Sunday nights on.  
Everything about Sunday was beautiful except for the movie... me scared 
Oh how I envy those folks who live several hours to the left of the meridian line- you still have your Sunday.  damn that GMT
 booooooooooo desperate housewives is over for the season now! No more Sunday night fix!
Tired and wishing it wasn't Sunday night.  
At home relaxing and enjoying my Sunday. I wish my hubby was here with me, but he's at work. 
@SoxJetsFan I had to read that twice to comprehend  I'm not dumb, it's just Sunday.
hates it that she always has trouble sleeping on Sunday nights  http://plurk.com/p/xhfhf
@oxsamxo lol  yeah, I hear that..it IS Sunday! 
is so not getting things done on a lazy, hot Sunday afternoon....99 degrees at 3pm  
how is it 8pm on Sunday night already... 
thinks that of all things to be super strict about, the time at which you stop serving breakfast on a Sunday should not be one of them... 
I think that of all things to be super strict about, the time at which you stop serving breakfast on a Sunday should not be one of them 
Remembering Sunday 
Sunday Bloody Sunday. I have a feeling I'm gonna face the music when I get home. 
@KimKardashian What am I to do with my Sunday nights now??? 
I miss my kids specially being  at work on Sunday  
@mannykimchi LOl. hey, at least it's still Sunday over where you area.. 
Why does the best chicken in town have to have a line literally out the door (for which I am willing to wait) at 9pm on a Sunday night? 
I would rather rock out than type up these articles.    I thought Sunday was the day of rest?
@Salempinay the location I usually order at doesn't have of anymore  im so sad, I have panornoua pizza every Sunday while I clean  !!!
i'm a broken record these days. work = do NOT want.  if i had the power, i'd make tomorrow Sunday part 2 (of 7).
I wish stores didn't have to close so early on a Sunday  But now I'm home and I can rest
8:40 p.m. on a Sunday night, our weekend is quickly coming to a close  maybe time to hit the objc books, a shower, then call it a nite
I woke up this morning thinking it was a Sunday... 
@ohbekker finished the course, can't see claire anymore  oh yeah claire is doing a free gig Sunday night at southbank, want to go?
Sunday evening back went, so as well as being in agony with legs it was in back 2. no sleep till 5am till 7.30am  hell2 day.
is gutted he can't make it to Brit-brit on Sunday 
@theonlySHOshana I had a looooooonnnng weekend, slept all day Sunday and had to take em' to fall asleep last night 
1 good appointment, 1 bad, 1 where I overcame a personal fear. heard some news that could potentially effect my triathlon Sunday 
@NikkiBenz btw, did I miss your contest on Sunday? 
skys not working. dad better have it fixed by 90210 or i'll have to wait til Sunday. 
@Bytorsnowdog still no sky!!  no engineer out till Sunday!!!!
I must have slept too much on Sunday...woke up at four this morning  I feel surprisingly good though.
@RobMoore3 aw man, sorry to hear that kid.   was it before or after our bible study class Sunday?  
my mummy fell down the stairs on Sunday morning and is now stuck with a hugely swollen knee and crutches 
@atticusmacbeth7 I gotta work. No days off til Sunday. 
I got a haircut last Sunday..aww! my hair is short again! 
@carlbob - got on on Sunday evening.  But for some reason, my milk didn't turn up this morning 
Starving but stuck in traffic.  I want my buta curry but will have to wait till sun to eat it. Sunday pls come soon. :d #fb
@uniquegifts4kid shame I went on Sunday 
in the car heading home, U5 cant think of all the work i hv 2 do by Sunday  yalla hant 3 studying dayZ nd am Over 
@TMankin Aw I miss you all too.  I missed our praise and worship for sure on Sunday.
@AEphotoWPG its my bday on Sunday and I have nooo plans 
@carrotcoriander na was playing on Sunday.  how was your Market?
Wishing I had all of the senior pics so I could work on the slide show for Sunday.    I wonder
@BunnyBridget miss seeing you guys on Sunday nights!  soo happy your show is going good for you! you really deserve it! xox
And they won't even let me have my birthday off! And I'm too afraid to ask for Sunday off so I can go to pride 
@minsta81 I think I heard it was going to rain on Sunday 
I am so sad right now, my cousins left ( Just alone with my sisters and helpers. Parents coming back on Sunday!! But I feel so sad.. 
Everyone is leaving for the family camping trip. I can't go because I have to work.  Buutt I have the house to myself until Sunday 
@soxgal Unfortunately, the day and the work week has not ended. well, it might just carry all the way to Sunday night 
@sjgraber ooh. aw man you guys are losing a day if you leave on Sunday. 
Missing the lil one already   she won't be back until Sunday 
Has Mapumental access  May have to wait until Sunday late evening before I play unfortunately 
@officialnjonas when will be the next webcast? I'm not going to see your music video Sunday 
So I HAAAD Sunday off  I am dreading coming to work as a fuckin' cashierrrr starting Sunday!!!
Going to bed. I think I have a cold  next Sunday we leave for our cruise! w00t!
is getting a massage and sleeping til Sunday! I'm that tired 
So bored at work..  i'm in a rutt.. I want it to be 3 o'clock Sunday... I want my puppy xxx
@bobby_wheatley ....but Sunday is hot tubbing @ my house   What am I gonna do with the 4L of margarita mix?
Sunday will be exactly a year since h saw my dad..  *imisshim*
So...I have about 6 pages of typed story done tonight and still nowhere to go with it. sadness. I need to have it finished by Sunday! 
@SinaAmedson and wasn't sure if I was gonna get off or not but thankfully I did. However she scheduled me to open Sunday 
Feels like a Sunday - oh and yay, the rain's back 
is preparing Sunday presentation for emirati boss(es) ... yes, we work on Sunday, even in Bkk  (good thing it'll finish by 10am.
Another Sunday ....nothing has to do 
I feel horrible so I have to cancel my plans on this beautiful Sunday afternoon! 
Night night....tomorrow I will have to get very early, although it is Sunday....not kicky me 
Oh i may have to go to bed soon..,,,Arrrggghhhh i really dnt want to get up at 6.30 on a Sunday but i must! 
@belladonna20 Looks like we'll both be having an exciting Sunday then. Yay us...    You'll probably be doing sambuca as u clean anyway ;)
Why am I up so early?! It's Sunday silly!  It's not even a nice day. It's cold and crappy and raining. 
I have to work tomorrow   Sunday orientation sucks!!
Its Sunday... and I have nothing to do 
Is brrrrrrr, its cold and raining. So much for the Sunday session 
Going to be working all day Sunday - dreads to make and accountancy to catch up on 
Finally sunny Sunday, but need to work in the morning 
Unfortunately, it's Sunday.  #fb
in office on a Sunday morning 
is on her way to work on a Sunday...the sun is so bright out there but I can't seem to feel it 
I always like Sunday but not this Sunday 
@ZombieAssassin @Sunday28 he's got a huge defense I can't get through 
Cooking a traditional English breakfast. Although, I wish I could find black pudding on a Sunday 
Going to work this Sunday too 
I am starting 5/28 and 5/31 is a Sunday so I only have 5/28, 5/29 and 5/30...that's a lot forget about my excitement 
It's Sunday and i'm at work 
is up far too early and is far too organised for a Sunday ... must be the 'back to work' mode soon kicking in 
Sunday morning, blue sky, early, n I have to go to work! 
Has been at school on a Sunday for nearly 5 hours! 
Shit...just realized tomorrow is Sunday  *fingers crossed for monday*
Not sleeping well tonight. Sunday morning is going to be fun. 
@Joeyfarm aw you awake too  Sunday really should be compulsory to sleep late...
I feel like death this morning. Why do I have to be at work for 9:45am on a Sunday? 
Sunday morning youghurt... and sis moving out 
Luckily I wasn't called out last night but I'm still up at 8:30 on a Sunday morning 
has a meeting today. All day on a Sunday is just no good  x
It's Sunday night - therefore it's ironing time 
Has spent 8 hours at a first aid refresher... thats my Sunday gone... back to work for another week 
No rugby + crappy weather = sucky Sunday 
yet another working Sunday ... 
Sunday again 
this is too early to be up on a Sunday. 
Just got to work..working on a Sunday! 
Morning All - i worry im getting used to not being at church on Sunday's...but while their are 'barriers' i cant face going 
I need to get dressed but I have that Sunday feeling..You know how it is..?! And thank heavens I have no guests, I look like death 
Thats it, what was a lovely Sunday morning has now gone, the kids are up 
can't believe my daughter is up at five... going to be a *long* and probably not so lazy Sunday.  
Is in work on a Sunday looooooovely 
Why oh why did I agree to work on a beautiful Sunday??  
Just woke up again. And my Sunday's finishing. 
urghhh have to go to my Grans today  Its sooo boring and I hate Sunday dinner
It's Sunday. 
running simulations at campus on a hot Sunday 
Again working for my office assignment on a Sunday 
@prolificd I'm working my ass off in office on a Sunday, and u people are bitching about me missing the #cptweetup I feel horrible now 
@EmmyATL what does twitter have on Sunday? no follow friday or music monday 
emergency call - looks like a visit to office is coming up on a Sunday evening 
Sunday but feels like monday :O :| 
Doing work on a Sunday afternoon when the sun is out and it's a beautiful day... Can you believe it 
working on a Sunday  it'll be worth it..it'll be worth it!!!
Waking up at 8:30 is not my idea of a good start to a Sunday 
is tired cos some stupid person woke us all up banging on the window at a stupid time.. Sunday is for rest ffs 
I hate sitting at home Sunday evening. But no option ... 
Sunday in office 
It's way to early to be up and around on Sunday, but I've got way too much to do 
Another Sunday, another horse show.11 yr old did well,once dhe settled down.G didn't make it;work issues 
Sunday Sunday 
busy spending my Sunday writing design proposals to potential clients 
@ito81 i cant enjoy my Sunday! 
Sunday morning. And we're gonna be cleaning. 
its Sunday . i missed church  up and studying
Ugh WTF isn't it too early to be drilling something? It's Sunday morning?!?! I hate my upstairs neighbors! my head hurts 
goodnight to all...goodbye Sunday...starting a new week in another few hours.    Monday Blues...
is on my way to church.my preacher's last Sunday at my church.I will miss him.    
Sunday morning homework 
It's Sunday-errand day because back to work tomorrow 
I got a full eight hours of sleep lastnight. I didn't even know that much sleep was allowed my industry  now watching Sunday cartoons....
does not like it when all my hard work programming the Sunday service slides gets messed up by someone deciding to change the fon't size 
working on  a Sunday morning. 
Booooo it's Sunday. The stay t home do nothing Sunday because your dad has to work at night and sleep all day Sunday. 
Missing my usual Sunday morning. 
Sunday boring sunday...what a sad weekend...I'm spending the biggest part of it alone...  fuck!
Off for a Sunday roast! Without the meat though 
It's Sunday morning, and I have nothing to do 
Enjoying my Sunday morning, although its almost over. 
Sunday doesn't mean sunny day always 
Sitting at home this Sunday morning taking care of my 2 littlest girls...they are both sick   But I am going to sew for a while today.
time for another shitty, boring Sunday. 
My favorite spot is closed on Sunday  poor planning on my part
Sunday is my favorite day!! But I gots homework..blah 
Man!!! It's Sunday which means I gotta go home tonight 
is awake and working on a Sunday 
Getting tired of spending my Sunday's doing college work... what happened to relaxing weekends off 
It's beginning to look alot like. . . a bad Sunday 
I wish I could have a 48 hour Sunday so I can get everything I needed to do finished before I have to go back to work tomorrow 
At work on a Sunday 
Its Sunday...which means work tomorrow... 
Sunday khatam 
Man it's Sunday   it's over to this week, 4 more day till vegas wooooo
At work on Sunday 
enjoying my last lazy Sunday before summer school starts 
tired and missing some of my friends.  this hasn't been a very happy Sunday I'm afraid! 
@tearn  stuck in the office on a Sunday... 
Another Sunday, another to-do list. 75% of which consists of the one I did last week 
Oh man what an awesome Sunday morning! On a different note. I hate know that I want something I can't have. More like someone! 
A pretty laid back Sunday afternoon after a good church service this morning. WhiteSox still look bad today though, down 6-0 in the 5th 
@BEESTROH I feel you g! I'm always ready fir their breakfast on a freakin Sunday 
I hate Sunday evenings, no matter how much you do theres still so much left and then its work 
Oh my lord i have no interest in living right now for example. The Sunday night depression is hitting harder than usual 
Missed my boys baseball Sunday  really wanted to go!
I think I did something to this Sunday's mom in another life. It tried to kill me with butter a bit ago&amp;just now with my own soda.... 
going to work Sunday afternoon, 
Another lonely Sunday. 
Just came home from work... On a Sunday afternoon.....   
..I was away from here for 48hrs and it took me 4hrs to (quickly)read all updates, I still have some e-mails to check..Sunday night 
Just said goodbye to @samsheff after Sunday dinner. I'm really going to miss him when he moves across the country 
@rywood my Monday morning blues have started on Sunday night. Going to be a long week. Sadface 
Sunday ends 
Wow, Sunday is almost over -- 
Waiting on dinner just too tired for pasta Sunday cooking 
@Lutfisk me neither. I hate Sunday nights 
Sunday not so funday 
I need a glass of reisling right now... To bad it's Sunday...Atlanta sucks with that no alcohol sales on Sunday law 
@CanisComedit Thats what I have to do every Sunday 
What a fantastic Sunday treat...  http://short.to/ehrr
Fighting old ladies for washing machines seems to be my usual Sunday activity. 
If you want to relax and think, a hotel hot tub on a Sunday night is not a good choice. 
What a ridiculously lazy Sunday. I don't wanna get up at 5:30 to work out. 
uugghhhhh Sunday nights are icky.....back to the grind tomorrow 
Sunday is over with 
About to have Sunday dinner, had to work today so I missed church 
So sad. Its Sunday night again. 
Sunday cricket : lost both the matches we played  no real fight. jus given up
Finally going to sleep after a fun night of drinking even though it was a Sunday still had a blast but not looking forward to tomorrow 
Flagging now...Sunday night drinking...not a good idea 
@Sunday28 oh no a cheater  heh...
Whewwww what a Sunday~ 
I hate how I thought it was Sunday today 
I woke up today and thought it was Sunday 
@ShaneTinsley Aww im in Indianapolis until Sunday 
Oh yeah, the train doesn't even start until 9:30 on Sunday. Yay anger. I really was foiled by the Sunday schedule. 
has her outfit sorted for Sunday...after about 10 changes to it...I hate shirts and smart tops... 
took all day Sunday and Monday to recoup from the craziness of Saturday...now it's time to clean and get ready for the week 
Drinking hot green tea in attempts to feel better n get rid of body aches from over-exerting myself in working at my yard last Sunday 
@Cubsomewhere no i have to teach Sunday afternoon. 
@xFashionist even on Sunday?  x
They're predicting a soggy Sunday.  glad I brought a poncho.
@figuromo aww can't make it on Sunday!!!  will you be there everyday?
@cassieisvegan Heads up - rain all week until Sunday. 
italian exam over-yah!!! 2 down,1 to go. can't wait to read a book/watch a movie/relax...will have to wait till Sunday night  can't wait!
@Babystray boo back at work till Sunday can't update till then 
I'm going home on Sunday!!! But leaving early morning the next day. 
Just heard about the guitarist from The Ventures died Sunday 
@Babystray well am on train back to work so no iPhone update for me till Sunday! 
Really needs to get ready for work. But just wants to lay in bed and sleep. Sunday cant get here soon enough 
@thebiggdm noooo  I didn't. Decided to just go to work instead. Especially since I had just got back in town late Sunday night
Getting ready to work, missed my gym today  though friday thru Sunday will go..
@jonathanrknight know what i luv most about u? u get excited 2 c ur fans as we get excited 2 c u! can't w8 2 c u Sunday! its my last show 
http://twitpic.com/7mnfd - I've been a bad tweeterer.     Sunday started with coffee...
@sabret00the Last Sunday at 2pm 
Just woke up with the worst caugh ever!!!  I better not be sick on Sunday
@TreasuredPearl I was just informed that I will be working on Sunday. 
@bcmccomas oh I decided to ignore my calendar application and planned a getaway this weekend and just realized I was missing Sunday 
@danielkennedy74 - something like that. been a long week thus far - no sight in end until Sunday afternoon 
@Wacksauceliz I will go for a little bit I have to work Sunday 
@Woywegian I can't wait to tell u what I love best but am stuck far far away from my iTunes synch pc until Sunday 
@GFunkNugget Is the rain being insane there? it's so heavy here.  I hope the sun comes out for us on Sunday!
enjoying the last day of non-rain before Sunday   
Long range forecast not looking good for daughters 1st bday party on Sunday ... so much for pools &amp; sprinklers 
@tinymel96 I wore green Sunday!!!!  I wish it could make a bigger difference
OH ALSO. I guess today is officially #SushiDay too bad I had some already on Sunday... 
@ChristopherKohn  ha see I know I am right thia time!! :-D gonna miss you till Sunday  haha
Feeling guilty for not having played tennis since Sunday 
I would rather have a balanced life and a full weekend, than more money and come in on Sunday. I want to say no to overtime  
@yanamm Augh! I have to work on Sunday  !
@room704 ditto to that.... won't be showing any dad love this Sunday either 
Why has this evening felt like a Sunday evening to me? Also, because @tommcfly mentioned cider, I now want a strawberry cider 
Is counting down to Sunday when I will turn 31 
it still had my old address on it so the tickets have gone there!  what the hell am i meant to do now?? help! the show's on Sunday!
@KristinCurtis fame  cuz 4 people at fame have it so now I'm in quarantine till Sunday 
The power cord to my macbook broke! WTF? And I just tried to make an appointment at the apple store and there's no openings till Sunday 
@ravinaw maybe I can get it from u on Sunday  at the part where they are trying to &quot;slay&quot; the dragon!! So mad
did I also mention it will be my moms birthday this Sunday? 
@qwghlm I love them to pieces, but am still torn on who to see on the Sunday night 
K.. it was fun.. now it's study time.. I have a test on Sunday 
@micktleyden I'm working tonight, tomorrow day and Sunday night. I'm a sad sack for this weekend. 
@SueCSmith I'm jealous! I dropped mine Sunday and the screen cracked.  still works though.
@nhas123 ha thanks! but may just have to go Sunday. 
we'll be celebrating Fathers' day a day early since the hubby has to work on Sunday...it's our 13th wedding anniversary too 
just got back from jeff's. showering and then packing for the wedding  be back on Sunday.
@mrstephens85 What's gonna be hard about Sunday? I know it'll be hard for me bcuz my dad passed away almost 2 years ago 
home and looking forward to the weekend, although not Sunday cos I have got to go into work again 
@MsTrecie he's gonna be at pier six in baltimore with musiq!! ...this Sunday. And ima miss the show 
@nikkiosita I'm really not sure  I won't know when people will cause mob-like line-ups until Sunday!
I love my pops, he's a fun guy. I don't want Sunday to come! 
.@bhaddad siesta sounds v.nice! I'll get one on Sunday--before 3 days of jury duty. 
@gwiazda sounds good...I'd love a lie in, but taking hubby to work means its the same old same old every day apart from Sunday 
@viaggiatrice 5 furlough days, layoffs happened already, looking into branch closing, maybe  more layoffs, Sunday service reduced 
Going camping to the land of no cell phone signal.  Be back Sunday night. 
@monkeyknopfler feeling sad about Sunday, hope this isn't the last one ever 
Looks like BarkyDogZ won't be at wabash frmrs mkt until next Sunday 
Moving, cleaning, unpacking tomorrow. And cleaning all day Sunday 
According to work it out every 28 days it was due last Sunday, this cannot be right, surely? 
According to working it out every 28 days, it was due last Sunday, this cannot be right, surely? 
http://bit.ly/ysomp  Why can't Sunday be tomorrow?  haha
i wish!!! tomrw will be a &quot;back to normal Sunday&quot; 
@NiagraFallz uqhhhh  lol finee; jus wait til Sunday! Lol ma ass qon cook up a storm in dat kitchen lnao
thinking about my baby, he wont be back until Sunday! 
I think it's time to go to bed. I have to go to work in the morning at the feed store. Sunday at the produce stand. No free time! 
I miss my boy  and I'm ready for Sunday to be here.
@AundreaFimbres how's the beach weather I'm goin on Sunday bc I can't see my daddy 
but now he went to bed, and I won't talk to him till like Sunday, so I'm sad. 
is dreading Sunday. 
@deehdeeh1984 I can't this Sunday  and work is sending me out of town again next week. Why don't you guys come with me next weekend?
@jhsu im working till 5pm then driving up to move out of downtown apt...I won't be getting there till 2am then leaving early Sunday 
Just wrote a letter for my dads day Sunday almost cried  butuhmm imk but ima call her soon ;) night twiggas
Saturday morning, its drizzling and I'm at work  at Wimbledon - lets hope its a productive successful day to avoid a Sunday sesh too!
Is attending a twitter conference on Sunday 
@runningbrit oh i can't on Sunday, i'm going to see my grandpa  booo
bit busy at work tonight, may be a long shift. why do supermarkets have to be open on a Sunday. means i have to work sat nights 
Another boring, dreary Sunday at work  Starbucks trip soon!!
@dingyu Unfortunately, I'm flying out at 10am on Sunday...  
it's Sunday already 
Miserable day. Or should I say, perfect day for staying in and working.  I hate Sunday work.
Decided I need to work on my thesis today, since I haven't for 3 now...even though it's a Sunday 
@iamdiddy writing a paper for school at 3am on a Sunday morning! 
spending her Sunday only at home 
catching up on E! enjoying Sunday and mending on my wounds...literally i hv bruises on both my knees..hiks  no gym these 2 days...
I have a Sunday off! Wow! I'm still at home on my computer by myself anyway... 
I just heard that tomorrows gonna b 105 to 110, lots of water &amp; sunblock for Sunday say the weather men 
Sunday: caught up with my man @whuirua, good word for the day! going to see my sick nan now 
lazy Sunday.....and no one to talk tooooo 
Sunday! But study day for me 
yet another Sunday morning. I hate Sundays as there is nothing to do 
Sunday is my least favorite day of the week. 
Always hate Sunday... 
Oh dear, I just woke up. Where is my Sunday 
It's Sunday already.....? 
Sunday morning corporate animation and 6am starts ain't good. 
Just sad that the galaxy lost  but I'll still support them and I can't wait when I go see them play next Sunday vs the dynamo
working at office even Sunday. 
Home again after a hard day at the office on a Sunday  I have a full few weeks ahead of me - lunch was noice tho
Ah the shortest day of the year is on a Sunday 
Working on a Sunday 
then.....I'm working now. it's Sunday evening 
Boring Sunday... 
I know I'm not on a meet when it's Sunday and despite not going to sleep till 1am, I'm still up at half 9! 
Sunday morning :O first day of the week  and I just hate it !
rainy Sunday afternoon 
its Sunday morning the only people who should really be on the first bus are people off to work yet is full of old wee folk and smellys 
It's Sunday, and i'm working 
Sunday = a whole lot of reading 
has woken up to a bad Sunday 
There's something inherently wrong with working on a Sunday 
Sunday already 
Please do not disturb my beautiful Sunday 
Sunday and no activity at all! 
Sunday morning, and here I am studying. And it's all nice outside, but I'm stuck here  I really need to get myself that laptop!
I HATE Sunday nights, or Sunday in general. it is a horrible day, reminds me i have to go to school 
I can't believe were half way through Sunday already! 
Sunday nite  always tough
It's Sunday and I need to work 
Knitting now cancelled   I'm not one for gossip but my knitting buddies bring it out of me.  What do normal people do on a Sunday?
@SarahLou1976 Aw no I hope work goes ok! That's mince you have to work on a Sunday! 
Just another soggy Sunday 
Is spending Sunday in the office 
Electrician here at 10am, even tho it's a Sunday - not bad, but no coffee. I'm climbing the walls!! 
I hate waking up this early on a Sunday 
Sunday, Sunday, rainy Sunday here.  
Sunday it at its end.. 
why is time going by so slowly... sucks to be at work on a Sunday   I need some church in my life!
Sunday is really dragging - no beach due to poor weather 
working on Sunday!! 
Sunday, bloody Sunday. I miss sleeping at night. 
Why does monday come so soon???I want Sunday to repeat itself... 
Its a booooooring Sunday 
@whitevanman69 I've forgotten what a Sunday roast tastes like! 
Sunday 
Does NOT want to go to work on a Sunday...but I have to. 
i m doing something nobody on their sane mind would want to do..... laundry.. one of the main reasons i hate Sunday mornings 
I HATE FIREANTS!!!... Praying my Sunday funday @ the beach isn't ruined by a trip to the emergency room 
I really hate that it's already Sunday...next week is not going to be fun...   
why am I up so early on a Sunday?  disgusting....
Where did Sunday go? It's already noon! 
 I've been working the whole Sunday!
So bored. I hate work-school. I hope Sunday isn't so boring like this morning 
May go to dc this weeknd wit data fem fem gotta be back Sunday tho 
Working 2-close tomorrow. I think I'll be a bit behind on everything from being sick Sunday 
@birdsflysouth  you sure it wasn't from hitting the floor at ibar on Sunday.. j/k
I am without internet for some time. Twitter only on Saturday and Sunday now.        
still tweaks me that I can't piece Sunday night together. I really hope I didn't do something hideously obnoxious and rude... 
just found out her favorite counselor is leaving Sunday. 
@Jamielizz I asked him wht gnr ment and he called me a bitch ... can I come Sunday?  lol
's boyfriend is gone til Sunday! 
i need something to do on Sunday  suggestions?
Working from eight to four.... for the next three days. After Sunday, not looking forward to next week 
When I planned my costume for Sunday I didn't plan on having to cover it up with a rain coat 
i've had nightmares of some kind every night this week, starting Sunday night. had a really scary one last night, couldn't sleep again 
@audiolove  but Sunday will be fun?
Uploading pics from Sunday night out - it was a good night, lots of fun, and I got to know my boyfriend's sister better 
@johnlfrancis If you ever need a fellow elder or Sunday school, education, youth guy then I would be your man but can't sing worth a lick 
looking over her beer steamed lobster video from Sunday's lunch  I love lobster
@ruthiev86 By the way, I'm working 4:30-23:30ish on Sunday! 
Sunday is one day awaaayyyyyy!! i can't wait! 
...on Sunday 
drinking green tea on a Sunday morning and hanging out with the family 
http://twitpic.com/3kt5m - the joys of a Sunday - on the way home from the park 
@AngMoGirl oh don't worry, not gonna be too bad cos its a Sunday! 
Thanks again @indrya @istribawel ..hope you guys have a happy Sunday! 
More late work... our goal is code freeze by the end of the day Sunday, which means I have my work cut out for me in the next 22 hours. 
@iamdiddy working on a Sunday..hello from the Philippines 
@milagro88 You're welcome, hope u ready 4 great Sunday 
I'm going out for brunch on this sunny Sunday morning 
Sunday.......maybe some gardening if the sunshine gets out of bed 
Is at work having a slow Sunday morning...roll on 12 when I can take the dog for a bath in the name of charity! 
@dsmpublishing It will be, it is 19 degress today (Sunday) good for us, rain and wind has gone away for a while 
A lovely sunny Sunday morning.  Hope everyone has a relaxing Sunday 
having a quite Sunday morning faffing around on the poota and drinking tea 
So tired glad it is Sunday! 
@glennbookingbug no problem... No rush, enjoy your Sunday 
Because a lot of people dying here.. ---&gt; It's (woohooo) Sunday! I have a lot of things to do today.. But who cares? 
Quiet spring rain on Sunday. I love it. It so calming and fresh. The smell of grass and flowers. Petals falling down on the ground... 
@macarios I love it too  Thanks and enjoy your Sunday!
Sunday is my favorite day of the week!  
http://twitpic.com/3l7l6 - Sunday bake with auntie wendy  new york cheese cake
Toots and the Maytals on a sunny Sunday morning, bliss 
wooppp a hot Sunday lunch calls my name. will be back later this afternoon to tweet some more 
@ro5ie but it's Sunday! beach, beach, beach is the only place to be today! 
O'Neills Sunday lunch 
Sunday morning coffee &amp; paper... 
@imogenheap just listening to your cd with a coffee in hand - nothing better to start a Sunday 
Waking up to a rainy day and coffee brewing...enjoy your Sunday! 
My first Sunday in 6months off 
@LindseyOlliver I'm working half 2 to half 10... on a nice bright Sunday too... just as well I love my job!  but... 25 hour shift?!?!?
@RadioNULA a very nice choice for yucky Sunday 
Jjust off for a picnic with family &amp; friends, lovely Sunday stuff 
I'm at work on Sunday morning 
Working on a Sunday can be nice if you are doing it for yourself 
It should be required to be lazy on Sunday. 
is ready for a great Sunday 
chillaxin on Sunday morning 
@BeckyMcCray  well it seems like that is every Sunday's project for me 
is up fairly early for a Sunday.  
is going spend Sunday with my family 
just finished cooking a killer Sunday dinner 
hello konichiwa hola i about to go to church Sunday school and i gonna eat pancakes again at a awesome favorite pancake house 
@ThisIsRobThomas Sunday's done here... I did enjoy it 
Sunday, sunday, SUNDAY!...doing the church thing 
enjoying my Sunday morning coffee! 
is having a rather lovely chilled out Sunday 
gmorning evry1, hope you have a great Sunday 
Beer in the sunshine with my best mate... What a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon!!!!! 
Amazing Sunday morning workout 
@susan_boyle great feature about you on CBS Sunday morning. You sound incredible 
Spending this gorgeous day with my future hubby!! Home improvement projects and shopping at the mall-def a fun Sunday 
made some yummy pancakes for breakfast...I love Sunday 
As it is Sunday, I am taking a day of rest 
@robinana You have a great Sunday, too! I'm blessed with a lot of work, as well. I'll be knocking on your virtual door soon. 
I'm enjoying a very relaxed Sunday afternoon catching up on lots of tv-shows! Lovely 
: good morning! Gorgeous Sunday! (A shame I have to work today.) 
Is at his parents having Sunday lunch 
Listening to music, relaxing and enjoying my Sunday. 
It's Sunday, what's your fantasy?  It's a long week up ahead, better come by and get prepared 
made the cricket team for next Sunday's match, yeah! 
Feeling really good- had a great workout  Now tackling these Sunday chores. Waiting for my personal assistant's @MissMillions assistance!
@nowaglas, what's wrong with Sunday? 
@davidspruell happy Sunday to you 
Sunday afternoon nap 
Surfing in my bed, lazy Sunday 
How is everyone's Sunday coming along? I'm excited lots of shows scheduled for this week for me 
Sunday is my favorite day   I wish I had another Sunday before tomorrow...
@MadBrad ha, its still Sunday night for moi. I'm allowed to be lazy for a lil' longer 
@bricksofwine  Only on Sunday's. 
painted his garage door with his lovely wife on the weekend... more specifically, Sunday, the much colder of the 2 days. 
Sunday was a day of rest, but don't worry, I'm baaack  And at work...aw rats!
@ginacseg I wish it was Sunday, 'Cause that's my funday -- and also RockTraxDay.  
@GloriaNoto I'm seeing you on Sunday!! 
I always think it's Sunday.... at least it's not the other way 'round 
@ciberch @jdavid is going to barcamp. I'll prob make an appearance sometime Sunday ...and I'm totally into ankles  j/k
loves when a saturday feels like a Sunday and then you wake up on Sunday and its not Monday!!!!?? ( I know what I mean!  )
@WClark1018 i do!!! but i won't be in until Sunday and then we can rejoice! 
Getting my Sunday blip of this over with early  ? http://blip.fm/~5gu18
I'm fine again, illness is gone - looking fwd to a sunny Sunday 
Morning  it's Sunday!
is looking forward to another good Sunday 
Off to hear Sunday mass... be back in a few. 
@moppet10 it's Sunday here.. 
Sunday again and I'm off all week yay still loving my new ipod touch very impressed 
have a blissfull Sunday everyone 
Sunday afternoons  @having balckcurrant tea
gotta dash home..nice sunny walk for a Sunday morning! 
@diddlysquit what what, they done to make u soooo angy on a Sunday, if you've already tweeted it tell me and il catch up 
having a peaceful Sunday 
@alexbcann  Sunday is ''listening to phoenixfm all day'' day... hahaha  what about you? xx
Out for dinner, be right back and enjoy Sunday with you 
Doing rewrites for a client...yeah, i do have to work on a Sunday 
Everyone Mothersday is next Sunday, don't forget your moms  get some flowers from proflowers.com
happy Sunday 
- Now, what's everyone up to on this fine Sunday morn? 
A bit ott for Sunday roast  http://twitpic.com/4h4oa
Getting ready for church, then softball!!!   This is a fantastic Sunday.
The sun is shining and I have an entire Sunday to enjoy...my my the possibilites 
@beckydmbr ... another twin parent for you is @twincident ... happy Sunday and good to know you 
Sunday, my I don't have to run day 
Today I'll have lunch in my grandmother's house, as I do almost every Sunday 
Sunday sushi day! 
Relaxing on this rainy Sunday 
is going to enjoy a relaxing Sunday with my little girl!!!  I hope everyone has a wonderful relaxing Sunday!!!  
I love this nice and quiet Sunday. 
@jdskaggs mothers day is next Sunday   But thank you
its so much nicer to get up on Sunday mornings for church w/out your mom yelling at you like when I was younger...ahhh 
My neighboors really love their power tools on a Sunday morning 
@SDRadio thanks!  i have tons of photos but not able to upload many from internet cafes. and you're up early on Sunday? 
Going to show &amp; sell property today! I wish the sun would shine through the clouds! Have a relaxing Sunday! 
Just relaxing, having a nice time  it's Sunday night!
@bravehound Its Sunday go to meeting, you should be up early to get a good pew in the front row  Happy Sunday
Running errands, church, then enjoying a beautiful Sunday afternoon/evening! 
@ Cleaning, cooking, laundry... you name it!  Seems to be my Sunday ritual these days.  
I really wish I could read @postsecret  every Sunday morning without crying. ARRRGGGHHH!!!!!!!  
@6stringhero Referred, will now reinstate my &quot;scroll down&quot; function, thanks , enjoy Sunday whenever you return to it 
just got back from church, now a big Sunday brunch 
A rainy Sunday and I get to stay in and relax 
slept in a bit this Sunday morning...now it's time to get busy and get some packing done! 
Sunday, aptly name 'cause I am going outside to be in the sun 
@garry1bowie Just havin a chilled Sunday then? I love Sundays for that reason..you can just sit about an be a lazy b and no one cares. 
Enjoying a lazy Sunday morning 
It's a rainy Sunday here, perfect day to start painting the nursery!!   http://twitpic.com/4hc4t
I'm at the boy's sister house for Sunday morning breakfast. 
I love going to 9:00 am services. Such a great way to start a Sunday. 
That's why I'm easyyyyy, I'm easy like Sunday mornings 
just finished his contribution to Sunday dinner... yams!! 
Sunday starts with dunkin donuts and I get to pick what we watch.... I'm thinking maybe it crowd 
Being lazy....outside sunbathing listening to all of the Sunday noise 
Sunday morning grocery shopping  think I'm gonna make some 'seattle street dogs' for dinner tonight
@demonchild6 thanks for (indirectly) asking  I only got up at 2:30 so I haven't had much of a Sunday yet haha, how about you?
@sharonhayes: Beirut - A Sunday Smile [...] @jonupchurch ? http://blip.fm/~5h41v //Thanks! A great start to my Sunday morning! 
lazy Sunday, last day of class tomorrow! so happy 
@yarnabees No worries. Have a wonderful Sunday. 
I'm going to take myself to church next Sunday 
What an incredible Sunday  The 1st Sunday of each month our Lkwd Campus has everyone (9days - 90yrs) do the 1st 3 songs together...amazing
Looking ahead, ready to make this an awesome week. I want to get to Sunday night and know I totally rocked it! Here we go, woohoo 
I feel today is going to be a lazy Sunday!!!! 
Enjoying my relaxing Sunday 
It's Sunday night and I don't have to think about going to class tomorrow.. or at all for four months. I like this feeling. 
Sunday night lounge-fest 
@Chubbx Sunday night, thank you very much!! 
Best possible ending to my Sunday 
Sunday has come to an end.. back work tomorrow and rumor has it that these May showers will bring flowers 
Almost done Sunday tasks including open sourcing some code, launching the blog &amp; testing, testing, testing. 
@ukdavew bank holiday Mondays rock, particularly when they follow the kind of Sunday I just had 
@bexiclepop cambs will be better im sure! eeeeeeeeee under a week now  we meeting on the Sunday?
Going shopping  Then Sunday dinner, round two :p
@LuciasM What's the focus of your Sunday 4e game? 
The time Is 3.50am and if finished my essay  I can have Sunday off  woop
Looking forward to Sunday b/c the weather should be warm and sunny 
I like Sunday afternoons ... 
Sunday morning 
According to TweetStats I tweet more between the hours of 10am and 3am with Monday, Sunday and Saturday filled with Tweetage! 
I'm enjoying this Sunday very much. No parents. No revision. Just like any other Sunday 
@jamie_oliver And the other half of the twitterers are enjoying what the wonderful Sunday afternoon has to offer 
well Sunday the weather looks great gone take my bike to visite my mom on her day 
better get some sleep soon. she has to get up and go to Sunday meetin' so she can pass out invites to her jewelery party.     
@limeice arre main toh bakwaas kar raha tha. Sunday morning bakwaas 
@StampfliTurci  yes I can imagine, I need my morning coffee otherwise I cannot function, have a good and relaxing Sunday
Up and about on a Sunday morning after about 3 hours sleep AND alcohol - I should definitely be studied 
@mariamtronchoni Have a nice Sunday  xx
@sallyLFC I did my best, it is Sunday after all 
Sunday sunshine track  ? http://blip.fm/~5z7cg
@sandy195850 That's me set up for an exciting Sunday lol 
Signing out for the night - have a good Sunday night all 
walking the dog on horseforth park, no hangover on a Sunday morning, yay!! 
More tennis today, definitely not JUST another Sunday 
Baths overflowing with bubbles and quilted dressing gowns  What could be better on a Sunday afternoon? ;)
Just had a great Sunday roast 
@CFJamesAllen Sunday lunch - the BEST lunch of the week in my opinion.... always over-indulge.  I'm allowed on a Sunday, it's the law lol 
is mastering the early Sunday morning cup of coffee...ahhhh...such a perfect time for a fresh brewed cup and a tweet 
@nikkig8783 wouldn't even cross my mind to put the TV on, on a Sunday morning. 
Also happy Sunday to everyone of my tweet fam 
@SchdyNY What a tweet to wake up to on a nice Sunday morning... 
Sipping coffee and relaxing with my mommy on this fine Sunday afternoon. 
Passion Pit http://bit.ly/16hGUq  Sunday afternoon sun song 
Enjoying a lazy Sunday morning before going out and working more in the garden.  
I guess that explains why I don't normally go on Sunday mornings, though. 
Congrats Msol on graduating my turn on Sunday!! 
Brewers games on Saturday and Sunday! It's going to be a good weekend next 
@sfuhrmann Looking forward to seeing you next Sunday night here on Blogchat!  #blogchat
Missed all my Sunday night cartoons as the parents and myself were hanging my ceiling fan 
@melissa_snow You're the best daughter ever!  I bet your mom really appreciated her gifts on Sunday!  
@blasia I will be going there Sunday... 
I want another tattoo  They are sooo expensive. One Sunday (very soon) will you come with me @MaryAxiotis
@alexxcoelho looking forward to Sunday - woot!!! 
Looking forward to enjoying the company of friends this Sunday 
@mjeaton It was good to see you today! Have a relaxing Sunday. 
Steady Sunday with fam.  oh I love Sunday.
sunday afternoon here. so how is it going guys???!! blessed Sunday eveyone! 
@isweatbutter Could you please confirm that you are not in danger so we don't all run around try to find you on Sunday morning? 
is easy like a Sunday morning 
enjoying Sunday afternoon... a beautiful bright sunny day 
good morning  I love sundays, but there is one thing about them I don't like.. Sunday... just one day away from monday 
Sunday, lovely sunday 
Enjoying a lovely Sunday. 
Sunday morning music 
@claire_stokoe haha just saw this now  thanks for the hairy follow and happy Sunday!
Sunday... day off 
is going to attend mass. c'mon peeps! it's Sunday. 
Pissing down rain means no allotment. Even lazier Sunday for me now. 
Bidding all a good night, and a happy Sunday 
What a lovely Sunday morning it is 
Working on a Sunday morn', but get to do it in jammas, with bedhead, and cheesy B horror movies playing in the background. 
good morning Sunday!  I'm drinking green tea and working on some new illustrations/packaging orders 
Sunday grill party 
@StaciJShelton just woke up, brewing some fresh coffee &amp; focusing on the good things in my life!  thanks for asking &amp; have a good Sunday
is celebrating her 1.10 anniversary with @daveyheats  :x &lt;3 and it's Sunday again...
@robstep  - glad ur having a good day, I'm having a lovely Sunday dinner at my mommys  xxx
@artvisions rainy Sunday mornings are perfect. enjoy your time @ starbucks. 
@IvyBean104 AHave a beautiful Sunday morning! 
@Outdoors2 Now that's what I like to see - folks doing some thinking - a good way to start Sunday morning 
Rid'en the bus on this lovely sunny Sunday morning!! 
@amp451 Wow your up with the birds! It's Sunday 
A lazy Sunday is in order I think 
Sunday morning with a cup of tea and the reflector  *life is good*
http://yfrog.com/5dloxj perfect start to a relaxing Sunday of basketball 
at the bar for Sunday lunch...suns out. 
is having a very lazy Sunday 
@stfvampyre It's Sunday afternoon  I've given up on the internetz, they're stupid anyway 
Sunday ! 
@ahmediatv Definitely the best way to spend a Sunday 
It's a beautiful Sunday...fishing will do it justice 
A good Sunday, indeed 
Sunday funday 
And a happy Sunday to all!! 
I hope it won't be a lazy Sunday. 
back to the future two I know it was 1990 but to me its still an 80's film...super Sunday lazy junk food day I loves it 
eating cake and watching icarly  lol what a good relaxing Sunday
@Sunday28 well i dont turn till january so almost there     whats ur plans
such a rainy Sunday. but i may go outside  lol. its not raining hard anymore, so y not?  lol
hopefully this Sunday will be a good one. 
What's up ! I'm taking a delicious ice cream now, while I speak with some friends on msn! have a nice Sunday ! 
Sunday excursion 
Enjoying my Sunday afternoon! 
@WorkingWriter It's a Sunday tradition I'm trying to establish. 
@davekellett dude, chill. Sunday is a day of rest. 
Loves nothin better then chillin on a Sunday....well not completely true 
Having a great Sunday.... ready for some lunch time 
At the house enjoying a Sunday with the family. HaVe FaItH 
What is it about working on Sunday that makes me sleepy? 
having a great Sunday 
@lesley007 oh yes, that does sound fascinating! typical is right off the standard Sunday reading list 
Sometimes you just gotta say no and smile, and see things for what they are... happy Sunday 
amazing Sunday afternoon in Rome 
@lordlucan Nothing like some nice lamb on a Sunday  http://www2.b3ta.com/host/creative/11946/1242401321/jesuslamb.jpg
Sunday evening. What better to do than go to the pub with some friends and catch up on the events of the past 48 hours... 
@amandashaooo great dinner next Sunday at the tgi In san berdoo 
@Zaferroni morning morning  enjoy your Sunday 
Earlier today when I was teaching Sunday school.. I somehow scraped my ankle playing duck, duck, goose!  http://twitpic.com/5f011
@girlsmadethis they are the cutest things ever! thanks for that link darl  will show you them on my phone on Sunday hehe!
@JamesMRose I should've have got you to grab them on Sunday @packers4 is not as geeky as he portrays on radio 
@martine2323   It's ok,  I would rather stay on Sunday because that would mean no work.  
@sopranokoala great weekend; 1 no food 2 no food 3 starving by Sunday evening 4 hospital visit 5 eat like there's no tuesday! 
is starting the long weekend on a high, sunshine, giggles n shit with friendsies! It can only get better, roll on Sunday 
is off..  back Sunday (hopefully!!) wooohooo! also fingers are crossed that the weather stays nice and beautiful.
I'm a busy bee - already home from work, cleaned and did other domestic stuff - to be perfectly prepared for a party WE and a lazy Sunday 
@thedevilicious always cheeky Sunday  xxx
@tullyapple Supposed to be nice tomorrow and Sunday ... will keep fingers crossed for you 
well my first wedding anniversary on Sunday (which I did have to remind my husband, you would think the first year they would remember!! 
gooood morning beautiful day! I'll be spending the next two of you on fire island with @samanthhhha  see you Sunday morninggg
@zakiwarfel Sunday 24; 8lb 4oz 
is planning her Sunday  riding bikes w/hubby, breakfast, movie... nappy time hehehe... working out NOT!
looking ahead to a nice Sunday with my hoanee 
@Ryanatmghwom I am!   along with 6-8 other people  on Sunday though.
@debowska oh gracias  moosh did a rly good job, esp w/ the editing. btw, we should meet up and study this Sunday for our exams, if u want2
@JoyLKChan Sunday lunch SHOULD be alrite, provided i will be up for lunch  but no prob.. omg.. *curses women estrogen*
@iamcwise i'll be in new york Sunday! stay so i can see my brudder 
This Sunday should be colorful!  oh, and it was 94 degrees outside today. Supppppeeeeerr hotttttttt!  But, I didn't get tanned at all...
bed time. tomorrow is payday and one day closer to Sunday 
@KarenLangston Sunday would be great. Lets make it a tweetup 
@sh3lly85 ooh!!! great! but my only off is Sunday. text-text! 
@NightAngel430 Sunday performances, may be weekly. ;) I can confirm this Sunday, knot2sure about the next. Dang, I'm tired. hehe How R U? 
@JoshuaJaegar ALYSIAs birthday Monday I guess since she's my best friend I better do something... Brunch of course on Sunday! 
@chester_see hey mate, would be great to catch up! I'll be at the 6pm service on Sunday, so keep an eye out 
@davidbarrett1 can't wait to meet the lovely lady on Sunday 
@BlackBoxBelfast it's not Sunday - at least you can wangle a cup of Clements 
Is excited for Sunday 
I think the restless night and blinding headache are worth it - hope I have another one on Sunday. 
