Most common words for this cluster:
[('sunday', 537), ('sundays', 58), ('saturday', 21), ('lazy', 16), ('saturdays', 15), ('morning', 14), ('mornings', 14), ('im', 13), ('u', 13), ('work', 11), ('haha', 10), ('lol', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'sunday', 0.9599964618682861), (u'saturday', 0.7904441952705383), (u'sundays', 0.7374554872512817), (u'monday', 0.7253357172012329), (u'saturdays', 0.7221623659133911), (u'friday', 0.7184832096099854), (u'thursday', 0.7051277160644531), (u'tuesday', 0.6759482622146606), (u'okc', 0.6743297576904297), (u'tonite', 0.6693733930587769)]





@mitchgdodge well if you told me you wanted to go I had an extra ticket for sunday  you missed out it was hella fun.
i want it to be sunday right now 
waaah up to early for a sunday morning, missed out on eddie vedder tickets for hawaii, and have a sore throat  what a whinger!!
sunday workin' - I don't like it 
working on a sunday 
sad that postsecret doesnt have sunday secrets anymore! 
i wish sunday was over already grrrr   almost monday yay! 
@vivaleces nothin...  the sunday sessionistas take up to much space and make to much noise to be enjoyed
is delaying the inevitable of working on a sunday 
I have that horrible sunday feeling 
q for safari park is huuuuuuuuge! tis sunday i suppose 
it's sunday the sun is shining and i have lots of homework to do 
sunday early and i'm working!!!!! 
i hate sundays 
i work waaaaay too early on sunday mornings 
i hate sunday 
just went to church. with madi. genna left.  happy sunday!
@MileyH whatcha having? I want sunday dinner toooo 
Working sunday=  manda...but I think I am finally getting a tan..
this sunday can't get any worse  hmmm.
ugh I'm workin on a sunday blah 
has sunday sadness syndrome 
@CincinnatiKid working on a sunday????  Not cool 
darn, its sunday already. I dislike sundays, that means monday's just round the corner 
mom and dad are fighting again.......greatttttt just what I need on a sunday 
@BetsyHaffner on a sunday  damn
at gian. thursday are up next  i wish they would get to taking back sunday already...
hatez sundays 
had thee worst sleep last nite :O never sharing a single bed again lmao! im wrecked and stupid skewl 2moro  nt fun...i hate sundays
mcfly this sunday cannot go  
@lu_baase they canceled the competition but will have a showcase on sunday that i won't be able to watch  i leave sunday afternoon.
@MilleLopez ok ok you are probably right...guess I'll wait til sunday night to post it  lol
@amyoneee It was last sunday right? And yeah, I didn't see you sorry. 
i HATE wrking on saturdays 
is dreading sunday again 
says i have duty tom..  and its a sunday!!  huhuhu (angry) http://plurk.com/p/reybb
boom. and it's sunday 
still no reply from my host staring to get really annoyed now he promised me monday with a answer its now sunday  
ahhh i hate sundays so much they suck 
waaay no i hate sunday  i couldn`t sleep till 6 a.m , athanee he is snoring all night
has missed going on a long drive 'coz of this work on sunday thingie 
working..on a sunday  
booring sunday! 
i hate sundays 
uggh it doesnt feel like a sunday! 
whyyy is senior banquet so early on a sunday  ugh.
@MrMarketingMan it's evening 9.10pm now.. sunday's ending.. heh.. 
can noott believe im up this early on a sunday 
@BluebirdQueen It is a really nice sunday  aww x
happy sunday!!!!! ew i still have hmwk 
Its sunday..... 
@xmickenziex its raining and I'm at work I hate sunday mornings 
Oh sunday sunday...why does the weekend end so fast 
i have to usher today  first sunday, communion sunday
it's def sunday but idk if it's a funday.. weather in my bones 
sundays remind me of mondays 
working on a sunday 
i hate sundays 
it's a rainy sunday 
sunday funday @ coconuttts for her last day 
why don't i ever have good sundays?? 
sunday.. i hate sundays. 
shitty sunday... 
sunday not-so-funday 
lazy sunday.....don't want to start finals 
well. that is not how i wanted to end my sunday  trying to stay strong.
workin on this sunday nite, so sad 
@helahelen i feel yah. itz hard to pry myself off my bed especially monday mornings 
gagal deh sunday work out..... 
at uni on a sunday 
I want my saturdays back. 
woooorking............ in sunday 
@afavoritemelody if i didn't have a christening to go to we could've hung out  do you think you could get to deleware on sunday morning?ha
wishes someone was here to make sunday brunch with. 
ok it is  a nice sunday and now i have to study. 
lazy gloomy sunday 
its sunday.. n um at the office... 
hate sunday 
nooooo as if sunday is over already. 
its sunday! sunny day but im working! 
already sunday.....i hate sundays 
I hate sunday nights 
sundays are sooo boring!! 
@CazMuntiFlumple Hhaha! yes i did i went to see them in ipswich, im depressed this time last sunday i would've been seeing them  you?
forced to work on sunday 
and now its sunday and i have to do homework i have a test tomorow  ahhhh its sucks
I hate sunday. so boring. 
@grum i have to wait til wednesday to have champagne.  oh god. I missed the sunday sesh.
wishes that she and her dad could be on their usual sunday morning harley ride 
Off to hang with my great second graders.... Only 3 more sundays with them 
worke up an hour ago..what a waste of a sunday 
@xGingerNinja88x really sorry i couldn't call you sis  I work 12-4 now every sunday but you can call me later on tonight
just woke up, need to go open the store... why can we close on sunday 
i hate my self discipline. why am i working instead of indulging in wine + tv on a sunday night!!! 
@TheBossBets I would my love but i work sat and sunday, and i would use unpl but i have to use it when i go to colombia  SOWWY!!
@ashlieh I know  so much has been going on I've been away we need to catch up asap this sunday k
Sitting at uni - wishing it would rain so it didn't feel so bad being at uni on a sunday! 
FFS I wanted a quiet sunday 
just another rainy sunday....* 
Doesn't want it to be sunday already.... 
decode- paramore, oh how i hate sunday nights 
last night was good, but getting up this early on a sunday isnt so good. plus i have to go and do bagpacking now with basketball  laters x
is in the library for an all dayer on a sunday  wtf
it doesnt feel like sunday 
trying to open the books  hard to tho - its sunday 
is not enjoying her sunday .. silly sore throat 
stranded in east london  sunday service sucks
working on sunday 
going offline not feeling to well  have a great sunday all
cant believe i have to work this early sunday morning   
and it's sunday already 
i hate rainy sundays 
why cant ups deliver on sundays 
woow sunday! well .. not for me 
wishing we could use a jetway on this rainy sunday 
What a boring sunday evening! 
nice and relaxing sunday. Only been out once to bin a little bird the neighbours cat got 
finally wake awww its sunday I have to work tonight 
what a boring sunday.  The R6 is gone!!  
sunday notso funday 
woke up and thought it was sunday 
has had wonderful sunday but now reality is getting be much more depressing... So hurry on to learn! 
@PinkyBoo2 ohhhh i think i know what your on about  i miss you to im back sunday
@xbllygbsn this saturday till next sunday :@  could, on sunday, cause it stops there and then.. ;) :$. ayee :$. used to be 49, but
@taylorswift13 see u on sunday!! and still waiting for my m&amp;g passes!  i think i didnt won 
I really need to be sick I feel incredibly ill.its like the great escape sunday all over again 
@vinithasaira i have seo classes on sunday    
@pppagdanes just left the building  sunday okaay? :-*
my back is killing me. more then it was before. killing me. i repeat killing me  ouch!!! and I got a competition on sunday
@SmashAsh19 according to the intarweb, sunday may have showers  im so sorry !
well schoolday before my final exams... at least i got sunday left.. saturday i have to work 
@greatigibbs  yup..get off at 7:30   i have ta work tomorrow too  lol  and sunday i get off sunday at like 3  then hop on the bus for  ...
Grounded til sunday. No texting or calling. 
I want to go back to bed but have a child to look after!  I may sleep all of sunday, my enevitable hangover may require it!
aaaah taking back sunday are playing in new york 3 days after we leave 
@goddessgreeneye i know but it will make us all watch the awards on sunday! lol..i want to shower and there is no water! 
@PassionMD hahahaha! i haven't been out with my friends since sunday! i'm so lame 
@betsymaebartlet lmao yaaay! so are you coming on sunday? 
sunday got called off 
No internet till sunday 
missing  free saturdays 
fuck...i just want to see him! ohz wellz leaving to florida sunday! 
@karliehustle nay on sunday   work til 3pm
i miss @TokyoLove more!  plus i have gossip to tell u maybe ill C u sunday
Why did it have to be mega nice and sunny on the weekend that i work friday to sunday? fuck you nice weather! 
yay for saturdays. nay for not being able to sleep in. 
I dread saturdays  off to work!
AGHHH sunday why arent you here yet? 
it's always work sunday 
funeral sunday....my brain is on the fritz! 
1:07 am on a sunday morin cant sleep  sholders to sore 
sick this sunday morning. sucks 
sundays are you boring 
cant believe tomorrow is sunday already!! 
Myprecious  sunday is wasted listening to rhetorics 
@asheridan ok. guess you'll miss out on the sunday festivities then. 
is gonna be a boring sunday.  as usual .
aaaaw, sunday nights always make me sad becuase i know when i go to sleep theres no sleep in on the other side 
sunday already?.....  
sunday is really boaring 
@trinsgarcia thanks, I was informed that it is sunday here and its past 4am here and I can't sleep 
Eurghh  it's sunday and i'm up already!! so much for having a lay in!
Why am I up so early on a sunday 
12 pathetic individuals are working on a sunday; includes me 
working on sunday..... 
why are sundays so uneventful?? 
sunday afternoon at grand indonesia shopping with tikadede no mummy 
Listening to sunday love songs before another sunday afternoon at work 
back to work, we work on sundays 
working on a sunday 
Figures that my last sunday opening and bbc iplayer wont work 
rainy sunday....... 
i don't working when it's sunny like this, especially being a sunday as well 
redecorated bedroom. what a boring sunday + i have a cold 
a sunday without you  i miss youuuuuuuuu!
just discovered most wine is not vegan  a sad sunday moment
goodmorning twits, beautiful sunday morning at the beach too bad i gotta leave 
@gulpanag sundays without the business calls is always fun... but sadly we get only few sundays like that 
Just been shopping and got nothing for me  going out for sunday dinner noww
eh its the morning, its sunday, and I have work til 6  and I have 20 mins to eat dress leave :\
is working on a sunny sunday. 
@jessierosexo hahahaha I need my sunday dinner but won't get that til half 5 
Not a very relaxing sunday.. 
@LaceeLynch uhh so sad- i freaking went to sleep! i think they are closed on sunday 
I hate sunday mornings 
its sunday! that means tomorow i have school 
It must also be a sin to work on a sunday 
  Why aren't there any trains going to manchester on a sunday?!!  Now I can't go to the @jonasbrothers concert.
sunday sunday sunday!!! its a sunday and im out hundreds of mile away from home 
Where is top gear on sundays when you need it. 
sadly working on sunday 
Shit! I need to study but hey it's sunday 
I'm bored, on friday and saturday it really felt like sunday and now it is sunday, it doesn't feel like it 
i wish the price is right came on on sundays. 
sundays aren't the same without football  boooo!
@kelseyraeALLday sunday nights are pretty filled, im in no mood to wake up early tho... 
heading outside, hating the fact that its sunday!! 
@zarinah i was sleep  is it every sunday?
sunday night again. *sigh*. where do the weekends go? 
working on a sunday 
@frenchiep working on sunday? 
sunday.....already?!?!?! 
well another sunday is almost gone  ~BrookeKidd~
cld not still believe nadal lost..wanted to watch nadal vs federar next sunday 
Preparing for my french presentation tomorrow. There goes my sunday! 
@candacebee just relaxin...cant really do shit on a sunday 
working on a sunday 
@ kimkardashian me too! Omeng what imma do wit my sunday night 
feeling the sunday blues....maybe the smiths doesn't help 
gawdddd its sunday 
what? cbc sunday is cancelled? i mean, i was becoming more critical of it, but it was still a part of my sunday ritual. i'll miss them 
sunday nights suck 
a little shattered @histapleface ditched me and @ponyy to go to adelaide alone      [I wish it was sunday!]
my flight was delayed sunday  bummercity!
I hate when my phone breaks boo  upgrade on sunday tho yay.
@dyannnn Piknik this sunday?? I work  but I will try to get out of it. Or if you were plannin on going another sunday just let me know
@merwolf yes, they fly from tampa to seattle on saturday, then get on the ship sunday. I however will be house sitting.... 
Oh how i miss me and janelles dark afternoons of sonny and alex 
Taking @sdales17 to louisburg. No mem til sunday 
@alexalltimelow let me sing remembering sunday with you tomorrow 
I should have called out for sunday 
FFS working 9 hours on sunday! 
@SunnySoPretty smh,i hatteeee early mornings too  lol
wishin i could get up late on saturdays 
i hate working on saturdays 
haiz its sunday already.... 
should've been seeing the saturdays tonight 
@Twitprentice it's been great! you always tweet what I have been thinking, will be sad after sunday when it's finifshed 
saturday chores  aim me.
@DJAnonymousDC yeah i kno it feells like sunday to me 
can't believe it's already almost 1am. don't want the weekend to be over so quick.  sunday please don't be over as quick as saturday.
Just realized the gymcloses at 8 on saturdays 
@mileycyrus You don't get to lie in on sundays? Awwww 
Another sunday. No new bub. 
tomorrow is sunday... that sucks. I hate sundays  anyway 	 I don't know why I'm write here, no one reads! but it is so cool haha xx
tomorrow is sunday... that sucks. I hate sundays  anyway I don't know why I'm writing here, no one reads! but it is so cool haha xx
Two tickets to hell..i mean paradise til next sunday 
still stunned. and then realized it sunday 
@sethconley: i miss being hungover on tuesdays 
@angelrosa ha ure telling me  and its worst knowing tomorrows sunday bahhh
i've never been up so early on a sunday before!! the thunder is so loud and scary  
Damit, this is way to early to be up on a sunday morning  still beats getting up at 5:45 tho :-P
Is working on a sunday 
What a beautiful sunday morning,bt im just sad 
Boring sunday 
@nakedxthoughts  dam u working on a sunday! 
enjoying lazy sunday and dreading monday 
 can't get motivated, it might b the sunday crying club for me!!
isn't happy sunday 
this is turning up to be a depressing sunday .....   http://tinyurl.com/lyhnux
i love watching all those cartoons on telly on sunday mornings. they're over now though 
shit. its sunday. when i wake up i have to be a student 
it might be 11:12am but it really is to early to be up on a sunday 
@sammi_jade my sunday is abit boring really- i hate the rain!!!!  about about u hun? MISSED U!! xx
Working on sunday 
The laziest sunday.. 
so bored - i hate sundays 
just woke up.. lazy sunday mornng 
I hate sundays 
.... is sleepy..   hate sundays...
working on a sunday, like a non-normal person 
oh, what an interesting sunday this is going to be 
Ugh, going to work on a sunday.. 
drudgary!! so so borring - i do hate working on a sunday! 
i wish i had lazy sundays. 
Getting ready for church....Ahhh I go through this every sunday, what should I wear Sheeessshh I told ya'll I needed a personal assistant 
heavy hate sundays, there so boring 
@TylerRealll ughh sunday too. have 'fun' is all I can say. 
i hate not working on sundays 
I am dreading to to to work on sundays!! 
I am dreading to go to work on sundays!! 
hungover + work on sunday 
i hate sundays  blahhhh
working on sunday.........!  lol
holy shit....sunday's already over! it's back to holy grail tomorrow   sob sob
i hate sundays. because on sunday i know that i have to go to school tomorrow 
@fafinettex3 they are closed on sundays! 
is thinkin sunday already  x
a sunny sunday....need to do my chores 
I hate working sundays. 
my sundays are always boring ! 
sunday goes by sooooo quick 
i toooooooooooooooooootally hate sundays 
Its sunday already? 
whhhyyy does it have to be sunday already!!     that was quick
i hate sundays 
i hate sunday evenings        going off now. byebye
working on a sunday  at least i have the company of @kfoxaz
uggghhhh sunday  rami working  i have back pains and need more sleep
is ew it's a sunday 
I hate sundays 
Feeling sick right now  it's just another sunday hmm.
@javierbonnefont  family sunday and now im working boohoo  
@Skiperella it's sunday, nothing is ever on tv then 
I don't know what I want to do  I am sick of sunday
what a lazy sunday! back to work tomorrow 
tired...why does it have to be sunday????? 
i hate sunday nights anymore. 
ahhhhh.. sunday's almost gone. hate monday 
hello just got home.. i just love shopping... i dont like sunday cuz mall closed@ 6 
@mywarden noooooooooo  I hate sunday nights
@mizkarlenemarie lol i know  it's a ritual for me to watch sunday at 11
@mysugarisraw im glad some one is having a nice sunday! I miss family day sunday at the grandparents 
@sunday67 : only 5 days remaining 
sunday nights always feels so lonely 
I'm beat.    what a long, long, long sunday!
@coconutofdoom We don;t have hbo. mom's too cheap to get it. but i'm watching it now. &amp; I work next sunday while it's on 
@binnyva i'd hav come but there's about 80 kms btw kotym and ekm + i'v got classes on sunday 
talking 3 hour naps on sunday rocks...however not being able to sleep sunday night and have to go to work at 8 does not rock  so sleepy!!
i miss velvet  gotta go back next sunday!
@Fearnecotton i missed you fearne  sunday wasn't the same without u on the radio
is anyone gonna be at imats on sunday? i was thinking of going saturday but i have two weddings 
@relivelastnight no more blacklight sundays and moscow? 
@renzop21 awwww i'm sorry i didn't get a chance to come down  are you working on saturday/sunday??
not looking forward to what is leaving on sunday. 
Endeavour hydrogen tanks started leaking in the same area as sunday.. launch has been scrubbed 
Evadently...., I miss my bro already. I love him alot. He wont be back til this sunday afternoon. 
and you will be gone until sunday. 
@j3wfr0 yeah  but were using this ladies house on the bay from sunday to thursday
Is already packing for sunday 
i want all of the saturdays merch. 
@ricklees ha yeah i know thing is i went to blacpoll on sunday and he made me turn ur cd off and sing wheels on the bus instead 
is so gutted he can't go anywhere sunday 
@LisaAnneWest i missed it  have to catch up on sunday ohh ye so  fancy ldn on sunday? xoxo
i wish i was at taking back sunday tonight 
@ashleyanndarcy haha i've never seen it. is it really that bad? sorry i wasn't able to make it on sunday. I was sick 
i never went  we tried to go on a sunday and it was closed
wishing I had more time in vegas,have to leave on sunday 
duty sa saturday and sunday. 
I just learned that omar is moving away sooner than planned. Hes leaving this sunday. 
looking for a flat mate... untill then ill be poooor... no drinking for me on sunday 
@stephyc until sunday  im starting to feel very at home
@Elissayoung sundayy? I have sch on monday morn  dinner on sunday?(:
@cutiewutie that's really cool that u and deon r working out together. I might get to see don this sunday even tho it'll be the whole fam 
@rhiZEE great! too bad you cant come on sunday 
I have a horse compitition on sunday. It's suppopsed to rain 
please dont rain on sunday, pleaaaaase 
@carlydurso thankss i need it like pronto though  beach on sunday but tonight i'm hittin up semi annual haha scoree hopefully find one!
goodnight, early rise. roll on sunday when I get a real lie in 
@KatherineGroth doing a summerstock theatre program.  i can't visit, i only have sunday mornings free.  i wish 
@aravindkumar ohhh will not be able to attend!  have already made plans for sunday...
No sunday off for me 
@deniseaguirre me too.  i`m doing my homework so that i don`t have to do it tomorrow , or on sunday. HAHAH.
I miss my bff...he is getting married sunday and I don't think he loves me anymore 
saturday:dentisty sunday grandparents leave me  then paint vs. kayak on account of the rain and my hypothesized healing status
fml. i waited too long to buy pitchfork tickets and sunday sold out. no M83 for me. 
@mcflyharry your fingers still hurt from sunday?? 
Saying goodbye to beebee kitty tat  I come back sunday. What am I going to do without my kitty with me 24/7?!
@eatingcarbon haha god about downloadin' and stuff haha. no i am not thank god! i am saturday and sunday though  wbu?
I don't think i'll be able to watch the silverstone race sunday...  im sad
its supposed to rain saturday &amp; sunday...... 
@JimmyVo I know!! I'm bummed  I can only go on the sunday!
@lilygetcrunkk omgg that sucks so much lily I'm so sorry!! At least we have sunday and warped and stuff 
is working 8-5 on saturday and sunday?!?!?  oh what we do for money 
i want it to be sunday at 4:30pm not saturday at 8am 
ugh... i hate workin saturdays 
@daniellewasall saturday and im starting sunday  jealous!!!!!
feel horrible  and its not even sunday!
saturdays have become soo boring without splitsvilla 
Chill'axin at home.....bk to the fun factory sunday night!!  xx
@kaiacali i work saturdays and am off fridays and sundays 
Blerghh i wish it wasnt sunday tomorrow. I hate sundays  Always working (N) RGHHHHHH, wish i didnt need money haha :L
@PrettyRIK yea wking on saturday's does sux!! I'm goin n 2morrow, so no sunday brunch 4 me 
another rainy sunday 
@RamsackDiego no  I won't but next sunday I will I need the old crew there. http://myloc.me/4Ksz
@jill_cv at candon city dear. business. on a sunday! on a sunday! 
rainy sunday! but i have to go out 
is working, will never get used to working on a sunday! 
Why do i have to work this early on a sunday? 
darn! another sunday! 
is up so early on a sunday, hungover, still over the limit, and has to drive to work.  Coool 
Morning, I'm sssooooooo happy to be up this early on a sunday to go to work  
is soo bored dunno wa to do XD sunday is a bloody boring day 
i dont like sundays 
@theodoron this isnt happy sunday. but sad sunday 
just got up. i hate sundays 
@vindicated rascism. well atleast you get to see ME every sunday  hm. but still. 
@kayisawesome work again on a sunday and wake up that early? ugh...that sucks 
working on a sunday 
oh great... sunday lunch at grans house. fuuunn 
just eaten sunday dinner...it was nice...but now i feel sick because im ful 
fathers day &lt;3 carnival was awsome with my ladys ;) will be doing tht again  its sunday! school tomorow  cba!
... hate sundays 
@talzgir saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad  sunday is over so i have to go back to stressed out, exhausted and ruined chris.
Working on a sunday too... 
lonely boring wasted sunday!  - http://tweet.sg
had a lovely sunday dinner, now feel sick because i ate to much 
working on sunday 
raining sunday 
catching up on the hills. missed it last sunday since i was packing ...for wembley! 
sundays are soo boring 
working...on a sunday 
How boring are sundays 
@oliviakateslack i hate you, i'm working on sunday 
Is working on a sunday  shober fucking shobas. ( think that's how you spell that.)
shower then cogan's with my sister; i can't believe it's sunday already 
Just got to work...I'm always late on sunday  I need to get it together here!
damn diploma... it's sunday 
@leerosher and they are very hard to get on a sunday too 
ugh....sunday 
not seeing the saturdays tonight now 
is only watching transformers 2 on sunday. i can't wait that long. 
@brokensadly aaah. that's sooo unfair. i don't want to wait until sunday. 
If any of you are wondering.. I am not. repeat not going to vfc's show on sunday. i can't go to it at all. i don't have a ride. so sry! 
@TashaTooKute sunday!!! 
STILL wish that i had a sub from never on sunday though. sigh... 
if i dont die in a plane crash on saturday or sunday, i have another chance of being in plane crash the next sunday going to melbsie  ahhh
@taylorquinn  i really wish i had my blackberry.. will i see you on sunday??
@CallyGage you know that  i think we shall be seeing you on sunday! reunion
@JessieHand ugh i know, stupid clouds!! i forget what the sun looks like! i cant go to aqua sunday  im pisssssed.
is going to be phoneless till sunday . . . . 
@surbhi04 same here...i was in delhi on sunday n in bed for next 2 days coz of the heat 
I want to see taking back sunday again.  two times just isn't enought for those lovelies
@joannec__ i will see you this sunday at church?  i luv it how you're so happy each time u come back to hk  i'm going ot newcastle!
dressing my brother up for easter sunday. he looks sharp 
@royalt_rapqueen I'll be in atl next sunday for core.  I'll holla then
sunday sessh 
back in melbourne, dog  tired, but happy   now for sunday night chores
going to sleeeeep. dreaming about doublefeature sunday 
its sunday...1am and i'm watching a movie with that sarah one 
@XtyMiller you are very welcome! have a sunny sunday 
i'm teaching the 11am sunday sunshine yoga class , if u miss that then 6.15pm sunday bliss yoga class at aditiyogacentre in edinburgh - 
@postsecret I look at post secret every sunday 
enjoying the lazy sunday  waiting for lunch
Having a fun nostalgia morning listening to plastic music: dep mode, abc, heaven 17 while readin sunday newspapers. I am oh so 90s. 
Lovely lazy sunday........newspapers and a cuppa...perfect 
@muchlovee i agree...so you thik you can dance is comming on...thats about the best thing about sunday nights 
Swetty sunday 
@Mekinudols : blessed sunday din sayo meki 
sunday silliness  @cubikmusik was here before @oprah http://herebeforeoprah.com #herebeforeoprah
Having a lazy sunday,  What are you doing on your sunday?
going for sunday roast now  still watching shipwrecked 
Working on sundays suck!! 
a nice lazy sunday morn, what its surpose to be. 
oh its sunday morning watching degrassi 
hoping for a lazy sunday 
happy sunday 
sunny day + sunday = sunday funday 
im always so productive sunday mornings 
its all about sunday afternoons at home 
I am now tired. But ready to have a good, lazy sunday. 
no beach. ahh well it's sunday what else could go wrong  i need some starbucks...i wish urban ledgends was still on TV,
ready for an exciting sunday ahead 
think I'm makn it a lifetime sunday after a wonderful wknd 
just woke up.. lol cold sunday 
having a lovely rainy sunday 
mmm. pint, roast, giggles. the best sunday 
watching tv  sunday evenings suck!!
tedious sunday man, tomorow will be the same... or not 
being lazy on a rainy sunday afternoon.  hubby @brandongilliam continues to nap ... 
watching alex in the sunday million and off to bed 
@sundays this is fun, i'm a neewbie so I guess screw ups are okay 
has picked up his microlight and spent sunday flying it 
@jaboc i was indeed suffering on sunday, but recovered eventually 
listening to taking back sunday 
bamboozle all day saturday and sunday with allen and her bests 
bring on next sunday 
now it is saturday. I am going out with my family. But tommorow (which is sunday) i am sleeping at my lovely friends house YEY!! 
@florencemildred im so lookinng forward to our starbucks runn... we should make it a regullaaar sunday thing haha 
@MFned lol my mommy makes it for me every saturday and sunday since i was in like 5th grade 
what a lazy sunday! am thinking of studying.. but i'm lying in bed, reading. and surfing the net. heh. 
i lov sunday 
yesterday i tried a caramel sunday... they are soo goood!!! 
is having a relaxing sunday arvo 
smiling... it's time to get up!  super sunday mornings, mate...
just woke up  now have a chilled sunday breakfast! .. If my sis lets me chill .xx
happy sunday! 
happy sunday 
I love lazy sunday mornings... 
just woke up - wanted a lie in ! can't wait for sunday lunch  !
at khyts polishing off some sunday beverages 
wat a relaxing sunday... ahh its lovely  ;)
What a wonderful n relaxing sunday  very content  now off to a funeral...
@bigbrovar you are back to business on a sunday brova ;) 
made mark brekky in bed this morning....french toast!!, i hope he returns the favour next sunday! 
lol manny then hermosa then the batcave  i need my bed... hw and practice sunday yay
Is havin lazy sunday. It would be rude not too. 
Enjoying sunday wif the Nayoan's 
@serennu good for you, nothing wrong with a lie in on a sunday 
sunday, sunny sunday 
enjoying the rainy sunday 
rainy sunday, but theres no blues 
adrenalina sunday funday! early morning communications leave me giddy 
lol jean i am really was up till 2 this morn  you happy with footy then? x
i heart lazy sundays 
Just having a laxed sunday.. waiting for my red wings to kill the ducks at 2pm 
Relaxing at home...thinking about a possible sunday funday 
hmm, what to do on a rainy sunday..NOTHING!! 
is enjoying a lazy sunday 
happy sunny sunday peeps  xxx
spending the majority of my sunday on a hike 
@nozzastudio i hope it goes away soon!  have a great sunday!  
fremont sunday market = 
enjoyin my sunday night at home 
Having a good sunday so far went to breakfast and than shopping 
love animation domination sunday nights 
@nickirichards hope u had a nice sunday 
I loveee sundays 
shopping online  ... not much else to do past midnight on sunday when you can't sleep.
another great sunday.  tally em up!
is thinking sunday funday was too much fun 
@agelessdaughter I might be going to lex next sunday 
feels like sunday but it aint HAHA.  
happy sunday all 
happy sunday peeps 
what a lazy sunday... I love lazy days... 
@bceband i cant wait to see you guys @ hq on sunday!! 
paathra ....khandvi....kamanee    ...watte sunday mrng 
sunday is runday- outta bed and onto the road 
is having a lazy sunday 
watching freo on a sunday arvo is a good hobby 
@loris_sl happy sunday to you to 
I just realised how much i love sundays 
is chillin' with my hangover, hollyoaks and a plate of chips....sunday mornings 
@AFineFrenzy ali, just like you do!!!   have such a wonderful sunday! 
morning im up and ready weeee its a sunday 
is having a loungey sunday 
@SudakshinaKina its sunday. i have formula-1 and boston legal to look forward to 
Everyone enjoying there sunday? 
sunny sunday 
Off to enjoy my sunday at ma boyfriends house 
yaaay classic gold sunday on todayFM. 60s music ftw! 
http://twitpic.com/4wxsk mmmm!  sunday lunch!
mmm sunday roast 
just had the usual sunday chat with the family  looking forward to seeing them all on tuesday!
@Franzii93 dont be that negative.. i love lazy sundays 
have a good sunday mates 
few things make me happier than playing with austin and evie on sunday mornings 
Its been a good sunday 
hmm, could it be that I'm just having a manic sunday evening? 
@stibbons we're going sunday arvo if you want to come too 
@jazzwhereas  Oh! No wonder.. O well, i will get to see you on sunday!! 
I'm always excited for it to be sunday just so I can read new secrets on @postsecret. 
hopes that everyone is having a great sunday.  http://plurk.com/p/u9pg0
slept in saturday it was terrific. early sunday at work will be bad waking up but ok when i'm back home napping 
sunday brunch 
says happy sunday everyone  http://plurk.com/p/ua4i5
sunny sunday! 
have a great sunday with mom and dad 
@sunday  Helooo ...goodbye.....!! 
@tom_ra a good relaxing sunday and you'll be fine! 
bonjour! have a blessed sunday ahead 
....sleepy sunday! but music makes it better! 
Just had a nice sunday dinner 
hoping for a beautiful sunday 
@hen_kal i cant believe u are not in syd this wkend. of all weekends!! 
sunday dinnerr with the boyfriend later 
love sundays  relaxxxxxxxx
What a beautiful sunday 
A beautiful sunday it is  how r all the tweethearts out there?
@salandpepper how was the sunday papers  x
Enjoying a lazy sunday 
is off to mum and dads for a great sunday roast 
happy sunday! 
@MsCrazedlesbo later hun!! its sunday cocktail &amp; tv time. i'll be back later 
learned swing swing by aar on the guitar. another rediscovery of a very good old song  this sunday morning is delicious..
yummy soup sunday 
chillax sunday 
@Marimalukets hope you are better 'till next sunday, mari 
its hot down here, but love it downtown on sundays! 
lazzzy sunday...watching movies 
enjoying a very lazy sunday. 
askdhsakdsa so excited for next sunday! 
hey tweets! happy sunday 
good sunday  and by sunday i mean SUNday.
it has been a lovely sunday.... 
@santibanez how is your sunday 
when i grow up, and become prime minister, no one will have to work on sunday mornings! david to president 
@Momto3blessings gotta love monday mornings 
already hit up 3 clubs, promoting sunday, almost done 
rangers game on sunday . i = excited. c'mon the rangerssssssssssss 
to home! will be back on sunday eve.... any1 interested in sponsoring a wifi asdl modem ?? 
@hijake maybe get it on sunday  i hope :p
new taking back sunday album 
is singing along to the saturdays  x
sunday sunday sunday sunday! 
@sunday Thanks for ff 
@chicstatus yes, you will be seeing me sunday  dinner before with @bharris87?
@kimbaaa I miss you too  do you work sunday?
very happy!! coz he went h0me na!! haha.. i'm very excited for sunday!! 
@thatsnasty anberling at syd on aug 28. i wont be back but im seeing them on sat with taking back sunday. i win 
can't wait to see paramore sunday!! i just finished the front of my shirt. i am stoked, to say the least!! 
@darrynstorm yes yes last last sunday. at kievtskroon 
