Most common words for this cluster:
[('sunday', 1011), ('saturday', 616), ('night', 177), ('day', 146), ('morning', 141), ('i', 93), ('work', 90), ('today', 78), ('amp', 78), ('time', 72), ('weekend', 70), ('tomorrow', 66)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Sunday', 0.9185888767242432), (u'Saturday', 0.9057434797286987), (u'Friday', 0.7894186973571777), (u'Monday', 0.746269941329956), (u'Thursday', 0.7396199107170105), (u'Tuesday', 0.7280821204185486), (u'Wednesday', 0.7264730930328369), (u'KXAS_Ch', 0.6566192507743835), (u'WFAA_Ch', 0.6366816163063049), (u'Tues._Thurs', 0.6327820420265198)]





Made it into DC on Saturday afternoon after 17 hours in air and am now in South FL...jetlag sucks!!  Haven't had a full sleep since Thurs 
I'm struggling to type this morning...maybe I'm still suffering from day-glo overload from Friday's 80's Fest 
@BlueEyedBomber EXCELLENT!!! Missed you Saturday night 
@bletchleypark Visiting this weekend is the Computer Musuem open on Saturday, last time I came it was closed 
Oh joy... Work this Saturday  Glad I didnt make plans for Easter weekend.
@KHill215 I seriously had hopes of wearing something short sleeved for Easter Sunday Service... Probably need a shawl or sweater! 
Just found out our free Saturday isn't so free anymore.   sleeping in till 8am SCORE! haha
Boys in the bath, then off to bed!  Can't wait for Bloomin' Fest tomorrow...hoping the weather is good!  Looks bad for Sunday 
Boys in the bath, then off to bed! Can't wait for Bloomin' Fest tomorrow...hoping the weather is good! Looks bad for Sunday 
Ryan is doing his and Em's FY07 tax returns  I'm pretty sure I used to do other things at Midnight on a Saturday!
It's Saturday and I'm holed up at home writing essays that were due 3 weeks ago. And the weather is actually GOOD, 1st time in weeks. 
Ouch... no Cafeteria open in the morning on Saturday's.... wish I had eaten dinner yesterday...  
Family cold/allergies. All kind of out of it, and on such a gorgeous day   Hope everyone's enjoying their Saturday!
Saturday Class is no good 
I'm stuck sitting at my work desk on a beautiful Saturday! BUMMER!!! 
yay! Saturday! Stereo died or something in my car, gotta rip out my dash again.. 
@fountain1987 Congrats on your win last night - I was at Wembley last Sunday (pm) and was gutted you didn't get to dance the Bolero 
is enjoying Saturday w/Adam... he leaves for Germany for a week on Tues. 
Plans got cancelled again, this is becoming an unwanted trend  Imagine staying in doing nothing on a Saturday night!!!
Done with marathon Saturday meeting - missed being outside on a beautiful day. 
Driving my niece back to Boston on Easter Sunday: Priceless. Blowing through the FastLane without a pass: $50 
listening to oldies radio show, going through dozens of boxes of crap... yippeee, this is MY Saturday night 
Alone on a Saturday and not being including in anyone's plans = moments when I wish it were summer with the Three Amigos. 
Is kinds done about the situation.  Headed to the house to sleep and such. Sunday is the last night for me in Miami 
terribly disappointed to be home sick on a Saturday night. No fun for me. And probably no sleep for me either 
Lunch Yum Cha  Sharks lost again  Won four meat trays in the club raffle   a few beers overlooking Bay  love Sunday arvos!
Lazy Sunday. Staring at the screen 
#asot400 --- Best weekend ever ... no livestes tomorrow ... no video stream ... most depressing Sunday ever! 
@Tbey My Sunday almost over 
@Josh4Q man... I hope I shit soon.. Sunday=homemade breakfast day.. I ain't shat since yesterday around 3 
Powerpoint on a Sunday morning 
is up far too early for a Sunday morning and has a really bloodshot eye.  Owie. 
in the library on a Sunday morning  got a lot to do today- reading and writing for a 3000 word essay to be printed before 9pm! Doable?
Can't believe she's up this early on a Sunday 
Loverly Sunday morning, blue skies and sun (been to the park already) need to get all the stuff together and head back to Cambridge soon 
@Wossy doesn't the wife get fed at all  how is she? Is she better after all your nursing efforts? Have a nice Sunday.
Stupid rainy, cold Sunday!  and no movies to watch grrr!
Stupid rainy, cold Sunday! &amp; stupid headacke!  And no movies to watch grrr!
Beautiful warm, bright sunny spring Sunday here in Devon; birds singing &amp; butterlies fluttering. Back to work 2morrow after Easter break 
It's 8:30AM Sunday and I'm awake. I had a terrible night. 
is suffering from gastric acid since Saturday morning..huhuhu HELP! 
Sun, on a Sunday. Fantastic. Shame I have to work tomorrow 
@duketrott Ehhhh.... probably not. I can't be certain. But, not that I know of. They've banished it to Saturday night, so, probably not. 
Wow... I figured that at 11am on a Sunday at least one study room would be open in the Link, but nooope. Not even one of the booths! 
I can't believe it's Sunday already. I don't wanna go back to work.  Blah.. at least we have all day today. Desperate Housewives is new
is bummed out that my work IMPL lasted past late Church service... should of gone to Saturday night service.  hindsight is 20/20
Okra on a Sunday 
Study Sunday   &lt;3 The Earth!
Animal emergency rooms are not a fun way to spend a Sunday morning 
Going through pictures while Eli is taking a nap! Hate that its Sunday because I have to go back to work tomorrow 
Sunday evenings don't get much better than this!  Ironing all my work shirts whilst it's a glorious evening outside 
I haven't gotten started on prepping my essays for my massive exam next Saturday. 2 exams before that one too  Must get ass in gear...
woot! Work on a Sunday, ohh wait... that's not exciting. 
takin a Sunday break from housework. Snowing outside 
Working on a Sunday, No Tango today 
Rainy Sunday .... No parking lot cricket today. 
Rainy Sunday .... No parking lot cricket today.  http://ff.im/-2dT5f
back in work.. Friday Night was fun! sheffield was awesome! and the peak district was lovely... i can hardly keep my eyes open 
@fraserke  it was cracking thanks.  Ate too much, drank some quality port and then spent Sunday at work  How was yours?
I have come to the conclusion that our Saturday orders do not get sent by RM on Saturdays 
@AmmO_Singh I overdid it Saurday night/Sunday morning  last night I began my recovery.
Ran a final 10K on Sunday in 51.49 - was OK and should be ready for the London Marathon next week. It's going to be hot though 
Long Sunday Mountain bike ride was cut short by entire bike getting clogged with mud, gears stopped working, only did 10KM in the end 
@DallasStar91 the only prob is I don't know when the Canes game is on Sunday so I may have to cut my camping short 
@howardlindzon still crushing and you didn't show up when I came to get you at Perth Airport on Sunday 
had to say goodbye to the hubz this morning. Won't see him again until Saturday. 
does not suggest going out and drinking on a Sunday night! I officially hate Long Island's 
I'm missing my Sweetie...    is it Sunday yet?
My Uncle's getting his Ph. D. so headed to FSU for graduation Saturday. But I really want to go to the beachhh.  Text meee....
Sick.  I'm hoping that I'll feel better by Sunday.
Endless Art Essays and Literature Outcomes... Aurevoir to my Saturday and Sunday 
awake at 9 AM on Saturday morning, the neighbour is redecorating 
I am so tired  Working on a Saturday is rubbish spesh if you haven't for AGES!! On a positive note - first comp 1 week today!!!
I always have a morning headache on Saturday Mornings. 
got an early start and thought I would be home early this Saturday.....WRONG!!! 
Going shooping with the Mother in an hour or so, havent been t'town on a Saturday in ages...it's gunna be busy isn't it? 
about to go to 'hollywood studios' then m'off to airport - get home on Sunday blahh. bye Florida 
waiting for Comcast at 8am on a Saturday morning sucks.    I want to go back to bed!!
Has insomnia on a Friday Night...how dreadful!!!   
Up early on Saturday  off to work... Bring on the sunshine!!!!!!!
Ah, a brillant Saturday. Headed to Rebuilding St. Louis, then back to the MBA march. Gads. Another weekend with no golf. 
@Jonesy1369  and I work Sunday so I have no weekends with friends now, but you work nights and that's even harder!  Stupid jobs
Sad Saturday... taking friend to vet to put her cat down. 
Work at 330 on a Saturday  shifts next weekend are fucking lame tooo
@virtualgirluk well it is a Saturday afterall. I'm doing SWOT analysis 
@Linda_Sgoluppi By me, there is no Sunday 
Saturday plans cancelled  BAH!
Stuck in bed with a migraine ! Gr8 way 2 spend Saturday hey! NOT!! Please go away  
@poppunkprincess I ended up not going to see that movie  My Saturday went wrong last week.... 
Terribly bored!  Wayne working 12 hours today and Sunday 
Trying to keep busy to stop thinking about how I won't see my Chris till next Sunday 
In Melbourne at the hotel about to go to work  grrrr.... on a Sunday grrrrrrrrrrrrr
Stretching my sore msucles and sniffing the Hungry Jacks smell coming through the back door... great way to spend a Sunday 
Lazy Sunday afternoon nothing left to do but prepare for Monday!!!  Time to go to a happy place
is home way too early on a Saturday night. Must be time for midterms 
TPO_Hisself I am crushed you left me out of #Spiritual Sunday  
What a sorry Saturday. Missed the game and fight due to being sick laying in bed all day. 
Worked my a$$ off tonight and for the first time in a while on a Saturday I was sober... Kinda sucks to be sober and alone after the club 
Has to go into Uni on a Sunday  not cool
@ellyasabdullah It will soon be over  U r happy abt werkin on Sunday? Beautiful morning to go to the beach though...
It's a shame I can't get the NYT Sunday edition here  I love more reading the whole thing, every section, getting all the information 
It's 5am on a Sunday morning, I've been up since Saturday night. This trend sounds familiar. Seems befitting  ... Really? Again?
Lazy Sunday.... just as I decide to get up.......it starts raining 
@dxsel27 weekend was TOO short.. back to work on a Sunday 
woke up on a very rainy Sunday  R2 will coverup the balcony after there has been removed a lot of trees in the backyard ,dirty hands !Tjoe
Trains don't run so well on Sunday. Missed previous train by 5 mins, waiting an hour for next train. Aiming for #r2picnic for 2 now 
Who serves coffee @ 6am on a Sunday in Sleasley, SC...? 
Woo for Sunday. uhh for hangovers 
Bought new toaster, burnt the toasties and the annoying alarm rang. That's how I started my Sunday morning 
Working on a Sunday   My husband had to bring me in because my car is having issues too...today is going to be a sucky day I think!
Too much to do on a Sunday!  Brooke's student loan app, mow the lawn, grant summary report to write, &amp; visit Mom in hospital. 
Beautiful Sunny Sunday!But I'm not going anywhere, unfortunately... 
For some of the best imagery I've ever seen: http://is.gd/azam - Listening to Cypress Hill, feeling like a teenager again! Work on Sunday 
Wha... where did Sunday go? 
WOW it's waaaaaaaaaaaay too early to be up on a Sunday!  Stupid allergies.
oh gods.... I've already woken up, gone out for breakfast and home again before 9:15 AM on a Sunday... INCONCEIVABLE!!!  (sore belly!!)  
Sunday morning at 8:15AM. Family blurry eyed after wedding last night in Loft 11 NYC. At Newark airport. Raining - may not leave on time 
Sigh managed to last the whole weekend before server finally went down at 10pm on Sunday 
Yawn... I have a very busy Sunday. 
First Sunday without him  Love you sweetie and can't wait till you come home.
Beautiful Sunday!! I hate Sundays tho bc that means tomorrow is Monday which is probably the worst day of the week 
It's Sunday, the end of the weekend  The Highlight of this week: definitely joining twitter 
so excited to start a beautiful Sunday morning with a migraine.  UGH  
Alone again on a Sunday  Bree's job is really getting old, which ward should we go to D?
fucking shit. Big day ahead of us with boozle. Can't even see no doubt or taking back Sunday 
First Sunday for the Arts in Annapolis has been cancelled due to rain. No hot sauce today 
Dry skin and bad dreams... this is turning out to be a disappointing Sunday! 
Lazy Sunday with family. Our little guy is a bit under the weather 
@tonytwotoes Ill go with you!!  But its Sunday night and this week is no good for me   You and I are good shopping buddies
Sunday in the DLC is BRUTAL!!!  wishing i was out int eh sun!!!!
No!!! Again Sunday ... I hope that everything will finish soon ... 
Sunday nights suck  I'm gonna go watch Paid in Full
02:30am, just got back from Newcastle! Again no connection in the building so I couldnt tweet  Sunday batizado was great
Watching Nitro Circus on mtv and cooking dinner. Sunday is my catch up day. Chores and stuff. 
Aaack! It's sooo busy at the $4.40 spaghetti night!  Nowhere to sit but wine will help the waiting situation.I love Sunday spaghetti nite!
sad that Sunday Best is almost over 
Sunday night slow jams. My head hurts   I spend majority of my day doin hmk for no reason.
Just woke up from my usual Sunday afternoom nap. My head hurts. 
Lazy Sunday is almost over 
Brothers and Sisters is almost over. Season finale is next Sunday. 
Sweeeet Sunday..nighty night  ohh and uh no $$ left. 
Sunday Funday! &amp;its all over 
is going to miss the PAAIA event @ UCLA this coming weekend   - will try maybe to fly in on Sunday morning ( no promises Maral)!
I sent a Tweet with pic from the top of a hill during Saturday's 60km ride but it's nowhere to be seen. I was charged a fortune as well! 
@MelissaJohnsen I do Drive, yes, plus a couple of Sunday shows...I wasn't sure if our site would stream in Norway. Rubbish  Plans today? x
Can't believe the weather is so dull  was hoping for some sunshine today. However Saturday was nice - spent most of day on trampoline!
Amazing shows this weekend - Saturday and Sunday were sold out, and very responsive! Sad that we only have 4 left... 
Rainy days and mondays...strike that, i'm down on a Sunday 
Kinda pathetic....really disappointed that /b/ is down on a Saturday night 
excited that Josh will be back in Erie in an hour or so!! but i have to wait till Sunday afternoon to see him  
last Saturday in AZ 
Thinking about sleeping...boring Saurday night 
breakfast at Wings and Fins was fun today. except that i had to get up at like 6:45, and Sunday's my only sleep in day 
@johnwhitehouse Round the outlaws for Sunday tea 
@is_gaga Waddup nutter how cm u neva turned up on Sturday 
Saturday nite &amp; i'm wide awake, as usual!!! Rite about now there is something about these moments I miss 
Sleep! Precious, precious sleep!!! Then, work on a Sunday 
Sunday the lords day of rest...but not for me because I have been kicked out of bed to take Sam to work 
Hate staying on a Sunday... 
: Wish I went to the Ladies of the 80s concert tonight, but sadly, I gotta work at 6am. Payroll Sunday. 
Domesticated Sunday ahead, many chores to be done and feeling rough too  F1 should be good though
@nwjerseyliz not really  I want the weekend again ;-) Hope u have a lovely Sunday.
I can't believe I'm rehearsing on a Sunday. These are desperate times. I want to be in my bed playing Harvest Moon 
Getting really tired of all this traveling!  Not even enough time for Church on Sunday's! 
@charliebr0wn0I applied for saturday. Sunday's lineup wasn't so good.. I really wanted to see the Saturdays, Snow Patrol and Kasabian  aha
Rejuvenated by a Sunday afternoon constitutional around Horniman Gardens in the sun. Now to do some work 
I want to goto sway sway clip on Saturday  tear. Ex oh
Just finished 2 hours of gym.  Waiting for sushi takeout dinner.  Exhausted and it's Sunday night 
@foxc Hope you'll be feeling better soon - what a rotten way to spend a Sunday 
And yeah I didn't go to Sick Kids Sunday which I'm sure will bug me for months. 
Watching Sunday morning politics. Doing laundry. Working on my end-of-year slideshow. All the while, wishing I was still sound asleep 
Please, pray for my mom. She's not well, and it's almost entirely because of emotional stuff, like her family far away.  Please #140Sunday
Back from the lunchtime, swift half, at the pub. Seems better half is not excited about the idea of starting lunch at 16:50 on a Sunday. 
Man why didn't Jessica win Sunday's Best 
Just watched Sunday Best..I wanted Jessica to win 
@iMeganEliz Yep. Happens to me almost every week because I sleep late on Sunday mornings, then I'm not sleepy on Sunday night. 
@radioalexander No, I saw her on Sat. But talked on Sunday ... I'm a bad son 
won't get to watch Castle until Saturday 
wishes she had the money to go to the Brisbane last Saturday 
sleep. have to wake up at 5 to be at the airport at 6...ahhh. Then Chicago `til Sunday. Please pray for our flights - I hate flying! 
Waiting For Sunday To Come 
@thismadworld you shall be mine! you will be my perfect excuse! Sunday, 31? yes? Can't do 30, we have some seminar in the office 
@partysprite Definately gonna get one of them! Wish I'd known sooner, so I could have one for Saturday 
is feeling shy after agreeing to be on BBC Sussex radio on Saturday morning (with my Chamber hat on). Up early on my birthday though 
@DavidArchie I just really hope that I can go to your concert with Cook this Saturday.. But I can't..  But I think I'm fine with that. LOL
Fucking arse, it's supposed to be torrential rain on Sunday when I was going to make everyone come to the park. Must rethink 
Portaferry is so lovely,can't wait to take lots of pictures on Sunday,will be hungover though 
hopes the rain clears up by Saturday morning, or the Autism Walk is going to be a very wet one! 
Working. Excited for STL on Sunday. Need to start packing. Definitely ready for colo next week...I miss peanut and zeke 
Doing some more work and then I'm going to bed. Lamest Saturday night ever 
Can't attend a wedding Sunday night because of finals the next day.  
Now I'm watching The Office finale.... with all these finales, this is the last TV Saturday for a while. 
What a stormy day! Sunday afternoon, but I don't wanna go outside  Might be soaking wet 
6am on a Sunday. I'm in the shower about to meet the spark down at the new studio. I want a lie in 
Sick on a Saturday night... 
Sunday@Office .... 
20past 7 is WAY too early to be up on a Sunday.. 
Way to early to be up on a Sunday. I have a birds nest at my window as soon as they wake up, I wake up  beautiful morning though LOL
Time for a casual Sunday run, although it's just started to rain 
It's Sunday,I'm tired. 
I hate thunder storm on my Beautiful sunny Sunday 
Sunday... means tomorrow is Monday.  No - live in the moment Mia, live in the moment!
@AnnieBeee Morning! My coffee pot is almost dry now  Enjoy a relaxing Sunday 
Feels sad for the lady on Sunday Night whose kids got stolen 
Rainy Sunday 
Hates working Every Sunday Morning 
yey Lazy Sunday!.. woken up by Peters call, he wanted to hear my voice..awww I miss him  xx
*sings* Fixing my buid, fixing my build... Through the whole Sunday I'll be fixing my build  That's why I like OSGI.
@cindyoyo It would have been good on Twitter when the final was live. It was on Saturday night. We already know who won 
I feel frustrated and sad that I can't join our GSD group for the beach photoshoot on Saturday. 
Am thoroughly miserable, i hurt my back last Sunday and got took to hospital. I'm still in agony, it is really rubbish! No dancing for me 
@androidtomato i got work tomorrow babe. Its Sunday nite here  SO another week without me Tweeting 
Fecking laptop just can't take @rhubarbradio's livestream, so it's @thebigpaws listen again instead of Sunday Social live and direct. 
Revising for a Network Design exam. What a way to spend a Sunday! I want to be doing other more interesting things 
Rain - an excuse to be lazy if every I saw one. I have to go to the other half's Dad's for Sunday lunch though 
Ah! Sunday morning blues  and stil have to see some people i cant stand to end my weekend off. Awe
On to the editing stage...But it's sunny outside!   Hope you're all having a grand Sunday Tweets!! xoxo
Getting ready for work  Sunday Late sucks, least I'll have Lost to look forward to when I finish. Double episode!!
Stuck at work on a beautiful Sunday 
Sitting in bedroom wishing it was a Sunday doss day. But no. It's a Sunday Revision Cramming day 
Rewatching my favorite performers from last night on YouTube while I wait to go for Sunday Lunch. I loved Germany so much 
Enjoying my Sabbath am.... but I went out to get the paper and it wasn't there!  Sunday just isn't the same without it.    #fb
Cool (45) sunny Sunday morning. Mowing the lawn is on the agenda this afternoon despite my back still spasming.  Responsibility is hard.
@Jayman888 awesome! I was going to get one on Saturday until they told me they can only configurate the RAM in-store: not storage 
Classic coursework ! On a Sunday ! 
I wish I was a member of Black Sqadron...but I just don't get up early enough on a Saturday 
Overslept..missed church   On the other hand..I'm in a donating mood today !  Clear the clutter Sunday !
Work on a Sunday. 
@chelbel3 OUCH.   It's on a Saturday so we could hang that weekend for reallzzzz, Caleb.
Sunday morning coffee and newspaper.  Getting Mike ready to leave for Chicago tomorrow 
Wet Sunday - housework 
first Sunday at Lighthouse! no one around here has twitter  that i know of atleast
Coco pops, coco rocks= best cereal but not best Sunday dinner  x
Working on a Sunday afternoon   Thank god for Sky player and Super Sunday
it's Ole &amp; Sara's last Sunday with us  they leave for Texas Friday pm; so make sure you make it here! Ole is teaching all 3services today
Sunday! DH not home from overnight yet  means someone called off &amp; he had to stay. Will be taping BlackHawks game as he'll have to sleep.
Please do not text your friends at 9:15am on Sunday mornings. Can't fall back asleep 
rainy Sunday   Doing laundry, and finishing up sketches... might even do my nails!!!
Ahhh just a relaxing Sunday  have to fly back to NC tomorrow.... Lame 
@DriSallesGomes Studying Sunday 
is celebrating &quot;No Fun Sunday&quot;.  I hate it when Nel works weekends   Sadness #fb
Beautiful, rainy Sunday afternoon (the best kind)....and my kids have to be back at TR by 3:30  I'm not going to say what I'm thinking...
Chillin out on a rainy Sunday evening. Why is Ireland so wet??? 
urgh Sunday.  urgh Cold and wet.  urgh Revision.
Sunday = Homework day.  I need to stop procrastinating and get it done! Then I can go enjoy the nicest day of the year so far!
Inspired by today's Sunday Times, how many festivals are you doing this summer? I'm booked for only 2 so far 
@Jamie_127 oh bless babes, not a thing to find out on a Sunday evening 
Saturday we went 2 Schlitterbahn, but got rained out 
@Nat_Ferguson Had 2 get up for work unfortunately  Not one of my favs: having 2 go into d office on a Saturday! How was ur Saturday?
@JSpikEThinG in exception to occasional Chick-Fil-A and they're closed on Sunday. 
@iammusic86 its closed on Sunday  I'll go another day this week
@chiewata alamak! brother. Sunday i confirm cannot la. My walkathon is sunday morning!  since u guys have so many ppl u go ahead la ya!
@versluis yep long week  and end of Season on Sunday, 10 live games all simultaneous
Last game was ridiculous. G. played any 2 cards and hit big EVERY time. 3-1 stack lead simply bled out  Zoned out on Sunday on the Xbox.
Update Sunday - Tooth pain is a big pain 
Apparently my music is still too heavy for reception. The boss told the other girl to take it off on Saturday  Getting 'spa type' CDs in!
@amandagore The post office thing is so frustrating isn't it? My local is always packed and they've just reduced Saturday hours 
I am thinking of going to Southend Air Show Sunday. I wonder where the best place to stand is? I guess somewhere out the rain 
Saturday said &quot;I wasn't born yesterday&quot; of Heaven! 
brain still spinning up for the week. Wish it was still Sunday. 
Posted Sunday Grand Prix  pictures - shame i was not marshalling at the finish line   http://bit.ly/kjzH7
Trying to do some housework before I have to go to work @ church. Only 2 more days to work with Pastor Kevin, then Sunday is his last day 
Sunday golfing...check.  Backed up drain pipe in basement...check.  what a crappy way to end a weekend  
@miro224 just saw your tweet from Saturday night, I don't get updates from Twitter on my phone  didn't do anything Sat, was still hungover
Ack...they got me comin in at 10:30 again the next Saturday I work  oh woe is me
canceling my internet service today. i move out of kent on Saturday  .. living in OFalls for a month then off to my new place in Fairview
Oh bum - just had notification that my book for #wossybookclub has been posted! Looks like I won't get it in time to read for Sunday 
TGIF for most. STSS (Shit there's still Saturday) for me 
There's something called WORK , and I have to do it  but Saturday I will be fishing yay!!
Going camping today. Watching boyfriend fall from an aeroplane tomorrow. Back to Plymouth Sunday. I has a busy weekend 
@DebbrArchie  What works best for you? Tomorrow or Sunday? My friend cancelled our outing at the last minute. 
@Sulpicia_V awww  My sisters won't be home until early Sunday morning so I don't want to leave until they get back.
Has had a swollen foot since Sunday in Turkey - 2nd trip to the docs today! 
working til 2, then heading home until Sunday morning. Wish I had the whole weekend off 
@boffbowsh I can't be there for all of them  going back to Dorset tonight, but might be able to do Saturday evening onwards...
Goin' back to Sarah's. There's no chance of getting to Atlanta until Saturday 
I have to work Saturday.    Puts a kink on the road trips but I will be at Cards game Sunday.  WooHoo!!!
Just rang my mum,, she's good but this new chemo is making her so sleepy  .Me &amp; baby girl will take her out on Sunday  love you mum x
@mjhowes It's London EXPO on Saturday, I have to go to lend somebody a wig and take notes for my magazine article. Sunday I am working. 
@doncarloiv Love it there you should stop by Cuba LIbre wish you were there Saturday night 
@teefiveten sooo sorry I forgot to respond!! I really want to go but I'm working Sunday! I've never had dim sum! 
Ordered pizza for lunch - last Friday off with the kids!  I'll miss our Fridays.   I haven't worked Fr regularly since Jace came home.
Blah blah..work work. Next day off is Sunday... 
Tmmr is GoogleIO, then SF again on Thursday, then Wordcamp Sat (and sushi) then Twtrcon Sunday.  Whew!  Missing Maker Fare though. 
@Sunday28 guess I'll never hear the story   Darn 
@andrewmcphee no TGIF! I work Saturday! 
I'm sad the Cavs won because that means Josh is going to game 6 Saturday night instead of karaoke with the rest of us! 
Totally coppin Dane Cook cd/dvd 2morrow it'll be good for ATL drive Sunday still sad I won't see @jaimichelle 
It's been another really crazy week...heading to TN in a few hours...be back Saturday evening...not a fun trip all the way around 
Sid leaves Saturday! 
not gonna see Mike till Sunday 
@tulsa_tough is there going to be 2 CAT 5 mens on Saturday...I missed registration and first looks full 
@yelyahwilliams I neeeeeed tickets for ur Sunday show n Houston  sold out! I'll make u a sweet deal for tickets LOL just name it u got it
I can't wait till it's Sunday, a new episode of Supernatural but then there are only 6 episodes left now 
@Bass_ Heading off to Poole around 4ish, @LucyKD has some serious gardening to do before we go, no Tweetdeck til Sunday evening, 
I have to choose between @pink and @Essendon_FC on Sunday and @pink wins. I'm shattered.  Why can't I be healthy enough to go to both?
Looks like a beautiful day...and I am off work til Sunday, yay!! No bbq as yet though, gonna have to postpone my invitations 
I'm not looking forward to working over the next 8 days! Come next Sunday, I may or may not be dead 
@StartSwimming: I'll be in Heerlen on Sunday but you won't be there, right? 
Im so tired and sick  i have to be better on Sunday so i can sing morning and night
Great weekend ahead at #catlaughs comedy festival in Kilkenny, weather is fantastic. Unfortunately I have to go to Israel on Sunday 
over LT training today, ehhh hard to tall how hard it was. But now I feels good. Sunday race day again... Its raining now so lost of mud 
Friday Night and working 
is having a profitable day!  Looking forward to Sunday...gonna be a great day -- sad, too, because it's the 5th graders last day! 
This is a big weekend... final project is due Sunday Night... I will be at this computer all day and night.... 
@nunie I have to go to Spanish mass on Sunday  And then write a couple of papers. Boo.
not sure if I can use my Neko tix for Sunday night.  may be offering them to someone else, you'll all be the first to know if interested
Gone to the shiggity shwa. back Sunday. 
@AHisme  it sucks big time. I am in Sheffield till Sunday. I don't think I can pretend to be happy and smiley anymore.
Sitting in on a Friday Night Bored 
@aAaAle  haha ...i'll let you know how the show was ... hope here in romania they will show it on Mtv.Sunday morning I have an exam
Really missing hockey already.  Off for a night in Dtn Naperville.  Can't wait for the day off tomorrow,  I have to work Sunday.
@nathanblevins Ouch. I won't be down in Miami tomorrow morning. That sucks  It's a cruise? Are you driving back the next Saturday?
[H]ouse starts on Sunday and I'm sad as I can't afford Sky, 
Friday Night Magic last night, I lost so bad  I suck at draft
Bored shitless.. I might as well go and play on the Wii.. but I'd probably get off it after 5 minutes.. what to do on a Saturday morning? 
A Friday night down the drain! Damn you 8 am meeting! Why on a Saturday morning 
says it's 6:00 pm and time for all good Mormon boys to head home (hehe); will be working Saturday... sorry TS  MissU
I don't think I can go on Sunday. My cars dying and I have work at 1. 
Thought today is a Sunday. 
is going to beunos aires on Sunday night, Mendoza is a bit boring in the rain  
@InterLeafer @sactomatocarri Drats! I would but I am still in Chicago on Sunday 
Oh wow, just found out I don't get a day off this week!  Way bummed out - nothing to look forward to until next Sunday!  
I'm contemplating going to bed, it's 1:22AM on a Friday/Saturday Night/Morning!! My social life? Clearly non-existant. 
First Saturday in ages that I can have a lie-in and I'm wide awake at 7 am 
Up at 6:50 on a Saturday. Whats wrong with me? 
@dylancoyle thanks. I went to see my friend Katya. Might be able to do something tomorrow evening, but getting up at 4am on Sunday 
Saturday, FA cup and Britain's talents should be keeping me busy not to mention the weekly cleaning I have to do 
So it's Saturday again &amp; what do I do..? Work again, of course. 
working at 6AM on a Saturday 
Babysitting on a Saturday night is not what i call Fun 
ONCE AGAIN!!!!  IT's a Saturday and I'm up at 7AM!   I just wanna sleep in for once!!!!!!
@MicheleNorthrup OH geeez..this IS the last Saturday isn't it?  I'm going to miss it.  
Spending my Saturday night at home while Audi is out with his friends  I want some friends here
I'm off to work    Busy Saturday but going to a winery later in the afternoon.  (www.LaughNYC.com)
Getting caught up on email and doing housework. Typical Saturday for me except no grandson today 
Sunny Saturday in Mpls...but Keaha is heading back to Peoria 
I SO want to go to the MTV movie awards on Sunday but sadly,i can't.  im filming once again.and the twilight cast is gonna be there! 
Saturday night and I'm home crook   At least it gives me a chance to catchup on games I'm reviewing - The Sims 3 and Infamous
... so much for spending my Saturday by the pool!  FML
@ITVinsider I think that Chelsea will now win the game.That will be a shame that I will not be able to go the Kings Road on Sunday  #facup
Sleeeeepyyyy   so HAPPY tomorrow is Sunday  
taking Ash back to the dirty, staying until Sunday afternoon, then back to the Bus 
Ugh. Too early for a Saturday to be up. 
I might not get my vacation! My boss was going to cover my shifts, but she is out sick till at least Saturday.  
Wonderful Saturday, weather is great!! But I have to work today! 
It doesn't feel like Saturday. Stupid nothing to do! 
@enterbelladonna disney!!! I want to go on Sunday  No one wants to go
Saturday n workin' like a dawg...  what a shame. Sup fellow tweets!! Mornin'!!
Why is this morning so dead  What happened to the age of Saturday MORNING cartoons?!
@fingerwavdav everybody cares!  Work on Saturday sucks! 
Another Satuday at work 
@reagent I wanted to go to that, but Viget isn't Metro-accessible. And 9am on a Saturday is pain.  Props to them for hosting, nonetheless.
@davidhepworth going out on a Saturday? Bad luck 
@Lyric07 @sassy0315 r we still on for ladies night for nxt Saturday? I wkd txt but I have no service 
gig tonight cancelled - turns out the &quot;double booking error&quot; that meant I wasn't gigging last Saturday has happened again. Same Booker 
I was outside for like 45 minutes and I am burnt. And I missed half of the songs Remembering Sunday played. Aweeesome. 
is really hating this Saturday and probably annoying David 
had to postpone Sitar show until next Saturday... not enough confirmed dancers 
Studying math... What a waste of brain cells and a Sturday night 
Just chillin' with my niece as her daddy does yard work! A mellow overcast day  What to do? Hope everyone has a great Saturday!
Watching Fox Saturday Baseball game of the week, but can't keep my head in the game. 40 Year reunion is tonight, but I'm not going. 
Preparing for tomorrow's Sunday school at church that I just got notified to teach for. Pretty last minute... 
Yow. Major server fail today. All in all, not how I'd have preferred to spend my Saturday. 
@jvanacoro I wish we could! Chris can't take off work cause of Disney soon!  unless you have a Sunday night show!
@grazedotcom sorry to say for the second time a box hasn't arrived for me.    Saturday's box MIA. 
Stood up on a Saturday again 
Bored on a Saturday night with nothing to do.... Going to bed at 930pm.... 
I'm sad, my BF just left to go overnight fishing, he won't be back till Sunday night!!! 
It's Saturday night, what time is it? Time for a gallbladder attack! 
Im at home on a Saturday Night not feeling good small hangover and getting the flu 
Why would you shut down 95 south (to Miami) on a Saturday night?!?!?! Stuck in alternate route traffic 
Chargita is having a moment. Now I have to spend my Sunday at the dealership.  Poor girl.
Really what a sucky week-Daughter moving-No days off of work-Pastor Russell sick from his chemo, so no Sunday School   
It's Saturday, why am I not out?  ugh. Being far away sucks.
How is it Sunday in 15mins? Hubby goes back to work tomorrow 
@Ingrid_L I love jazz too!  So good for a lazy Sunday - unfortunately today is not one of those 
@ozdj   That's bizarre. If it wasn't for the fact that it was Sunday, I'd def say Cyril's Deli.
Sunday morning, rain AIN'T fallin' 
@kirstiealley wide awake in Australia coming into Sunday afternoon, nearly time to start the next work week 
fact:One Saturday I called myself skateboarding in the hallway @ school (we had ACT stuff) &amp; I found out looks easy,but it really isn't 
It's Sunday... Everyone gets to enjoy but I'm working! 
Just caught up with the BGT final and now back to bed for a while longer -  waking up at 5am on a Sunday is just wrong   
wishes it was still Saturday... when everything was fun and frivolous! Stupid Sunday shifts! 
I hates Cruise Ships, &amp; the 9am Sunday shifts that come along with them.... 
Half 7 on a Sunday morning. Why do I wake up!?! 
@CruciFire Am blank buddy.. I really donno what I did on Saturday.. And Weekdays I was busy with work 
Am up early on a Sunday ready to do DIY what is that all about 
Sunday morning - in bed but awake and hung over!  B/F left early &amp; now I can't get back to sleep! WooHoo for laptop and iplayer! x
@JoBrosGirl haha you mixed it up, honey.  Twilight is on Saturday and @ashleytisdale is Friday! See you there^^ I dunno what to wear 
@bintut We can't do it (hearing mass) today. Nasa office pa ang padre de familia  Next Sunday na lang.
Morning lovely people, what happened to Saturday, I can remember it up till lunchtime but after that it's a blur, did Everton win?? 
Sunday, the sun is shining. Perfect day to spend indoors at the racket club 
What's with this?!?! 4 am and I'm awake?  NOOOOO! it's Sunday, the sleep in day!! 
Breakfast was good, work sucks! Too busy  Who comes shopping at 9am on a Sunday morning? 30+ people waiting on opening, saddo's!
I love Sunday!Chillin' and relaxing with friends.But no picnic cuz it's raining and very cold outside   #marsiscoming #marsiscoming
Work time. Sucks to be working on a Sunday. 
I am amazed at how sick being pregnant can make me. Barf what a way to start Sunday Funday 
Sitting in house arrest/quarantine until we get the swabs back. Way to start a sunny Sunday 
Bummed. It was s'posed to be a beautiful weekend b4 the rains came (again) but here it is Sunday and completely gray; just heard thunder. 
damn, I forgot it was Sunday night, missed Bones! 
I forgot all week that I had broken a spoke last Sunday. Set out for a ride yesterday morning in perfect weather -- but back wheel askew 
It's Sunday and I wish I was going 2 Church! 
05/31/09 Sunday; Mama looks like she is mad to me and Matthew.   
930 to 530. Nothing I'd rather do on a Sunday 
So I am still tired as all hell from last night. But I'll just have to survive. Working 10-close Sunday. Lots of tasking to get done too. 
Its Sunday.  Walmart with Nick soon?
Prefer calm Sunday bells &amp; birds to the crude obnoxious rap &quot;music&quot; that woke me at 3:20 a.m.  
With the help of my mom and uncle my garden is tilled, primed for planting. My whole Sunday is dedicated to the task. And it's raining. 
It wouldn't be Sunday if I wasn't in a St Joes waiting room  Sick kid this AM
Church went good today. I missed it.  I used to go every Sunday, but stopped for some reason. :l
It's a beautiful beautiful Sunday! Cleaning alex's room... And I'm very very blah 
@agingbackwards have a lovely Sunday. Enjoy this beautiful day as I am @ work.  
Ready to teach my 4th gr girls Sunday school class. This will be my last time to teach these group of girls, they are promoting next week 
This morning I woke up and wanted Chick-Fil-A then I realized it was Sunday. 
Sunday morning here in Napa Valley, and it's just not the same without football.   Counting the days to July 15.
Watching @ENews Sunday &amp; they misspelled NKOTB in one of their titles, it said &quot;nkob insanity&quot; 
Last Sunday morning @ 21st Ave.  just want to spend the morning in bed.
Sad to have to say goodbye to CBC News Sunday 
@AnoopDoggDesai Enjoy your Sunday - Mine is almost over 
Spent almost 1hr. on NYT Sunday X-word puzzle &amp; only finished 3/4s of it. 
@dianalinda Hello there Cutie! I am here at work   Not so excite for a Sunday I know.
GFS has snow in MT and western ND next Sunday, kill me 
its 11:15 PM on a Sunday night..where'd you guess i could possibly be stuck at bcoz of rain...? Pub? Resto? ...no, at office!! Boohooo 
@EverywhereTrip dude! you're in Turn? you should mail me back some Gianduiotto. sorry there is nothing fun to do on Sunday night there 
@b_legit what's worse than work on a Saturday.... Work on a Sunday.  try to hurry so you can still spend time w/ linda &amp; the kids.
Why am I always sick? Achy, headache &amp; sore throat on my lazy Sunday.. 
Nice relaxing Sunday. Catching some motogp action later even though I already know the results 
@staceemcfly aa, woo. I'm gutted that they're in Sunderland Saturday &amp; I can't go  xx
Sunday evening and all's well. Chelsea won the cup, me &amp; my boys did the beach, kite flying and barbie, now time to work 
Work. Last Sunday!! 
&quot;Sunday morning rain is falling...&quot; oh wait, no it's not. It's freaking HOT here! 
@emsimmons enjoying Sunday Funday? I'm back at work today 
@PenniWise By the way...I took a lot of pictures on Sunday. FTP says 2 hours.    I might finish up all of them today, tho.
@WH1SKS that's mean. we all felt sorry for you working on Saturday 
Laughing w/ @LadieJade abt how neither of us liked each other last year. Look at us now fam! Lololololol last Sunday w/ Jersey family 
(@azetidine) Note to self: businesses are unlikely to have boxes lying around on Sunday. 
so hungry! every time i crave Chick-fil-A, it's a Sunday  bummer
Back in #Phoenix after a long Saturday in #Flagstaff. Wish we could have brought the weather with us 
Not happy won't be able to hear @RetroRewind on Friday Night I am working damn it  !!
Dining in Hendersonville. Mana Rosas closed on Sunday  so..... Barefoot Charlies it IS!!!! All good.
today totally didn't feel like a Sunday! Hubby had to do OT, I did get some mall shopping done - nothing active though 
Sunday blues and the vacation's over.  ...Layover in dfw.
Sunday at pavillions. Next off to shosh's for fried chicken!! All cooked up with no-one to eat it??    http://yfrog.com/595lvlj
Why does it have to be Sunday already??II 
@judd40 final on Sunday? wtf?  also poor SuBo 
Such a perfectly bittersweet Sunday. Please don't end 
Another Sunday, another visit to @SandalsChurch w00t! Hopefully @PastorMattBrown will be speaking. @FrancoGirl is home sick with Emma 
Back to the real world  every weekend just teases me. Seven more days and couch potato-ness ensues. Freaking SAT on Saturday.
just got home from a Sunday BBQ at my dads...now I am sad thinking about actually going back to work tomorrow 
is going to miss CBC News Sunday 
is going to miss CBC News Sunday  One of the most exceptional news programs on the air. #cbc
Fun Sunday, mellowed with the mellow.  Can't get to sleep though  still wanting to mellow.
@reeshhelle keep it head up girl! Miss you! Saturday was too short lived cuz u left when I got there 
Lovely weekend in the sunshine. Richmond++. Caught a little too much sun on Sunday morning and had to retreat indoors for the afternoon 
@AJScholey Was feeling like that all Friday and Saturday, so I sympathise.   Hope your tummy-soothing efforts are successful.  xx
Having to miss out on the sunshine again....walked to far on Saturday and body now telling me.....sleeeeeeeeep needed...Again!!! 
Thank you to everyone for the support and well wishes during the ride! Due to a clumsy non-bike related fall, I didn't ride on Sunday 
@brandon_at_ASG  Saturday was way beyond &quot;OUCH&quot; B!!!  Boom and I struggled through that entire day and I even got sicky.  
@IrishMel21 had to have been yesterday, when Dean &amp; I were watching in Applebee's on Saturday the Sox were still in 1st 
So SO gutted... I can't find a talk I gave on the Tabernacle a while back, I need it for this Saturday 
@ssegraves we wanted to hit Village Bakery instead, but all the others in town were closed on Sunday 
Played Fraserview on Saturday. $65 on weekends now! Budget golf in Vancouver is no longer. 
@ANF_x aww  I'm needin one for Saturday LOL
is working this Saturday on her birthday  Booo
Breaking my no-new-knitting-projects rule to make padded crutch cozies for Jessy Jynx, who broke her leg at #derby Saturday night. 
Still sick from laassssttt Sunday omg what is this madness??? Learned u always carry a change of cloths when the weather man says rain 
Listening to some live performances of The Killers in order to prepare for Sunday's big concert in Ljubljana. They don't sound great live 
@lopskino sounds good!  Ur a gemini 2?  My b-day was last Sunday 24th...its meant 2 b we both geminis how old? 27? I'm 23 now, I feel old 
@CandiedFabrics Not too worried about the actual move. Still on the hunt for the right house. Walked away from a bidding war on Saturday. 
@sammyw1974 Hope you had a great weekend~I did since my hubby came home on Sunday, but sad that he leaves again in the am for 10 days 
@SnowgooseSA - had my first ever Global Wrapp on Saturday; was fab! If only they had a Pretoria franchise 
watching Saturday's Pushing Daisies Episode - very good - I miss that show 
@ASmith86 Yeah so I FINALLY washed the car on Saturday http://twitgoo.com/4e8k and it drizzled Sunday and Ruined all the luster and sheen 
Millvina Dean, the last known survivor of the Titanic, passed away on Sunday at 97 years young 
finally watching the Pushing Daisies episode from Saturday night that we missed b/c the local ABC station pre-empted it 
I'm such an idiot. I totally forgot to tape Harper's Island on Sunday night 
@ddavehansen when did u get ur iPhone? I lost mine Saturday at the club 
My room is naked  Gone on Saturday, and not the drunk kind either.
@toosexyjessi Tristan told me he was pooping Sunday, but it was a little too late for potty. Hate that he's havin colon issues. 
I forgot to say goodbye to the Sophie dawg before we left on Saturday.    Thinking of my mom and dad.
@lovelytrinkets &amp; I have raccoons pulling up my tomato plants, looking for slugs &amp; snails! Broken plant &amp; pot all over the deck Sunday am 
Reposting my 1v100 semi-domination before bed: http://tinyurl.com/nedj25  So much fun!  Upset I'll be missing this Saturday! 
Unbelievably long day.  MIL is in town and it is the last week of school.  Things won't slow down until Saturday. 
Great time at the wedding on Saturday...even though I fell down the stairs and now my legs are all bruised 
Looking for a Dj in Pittsburgh, PA for this event Saturday  , its not going good
@PeterBlackQUT just remembered I'm down the coast for a friend's birthday Friday Night 
Very sad day, just found out Naomi from Milkshake is getting married on Saturday  ;-)
@thefetishfairy Nice blog... you had Pizza  I lived through entire Sunday just with the brunch I had at noon
I am going to cry!! It looks like its going to rain on Saturday  (no bloody 40th Birthday BBQ for me then) 
Sent my sister 3 texts since Saturday and she's still not replied - I have more contact with twitter than I do my own family 
@tonfue cool - I'll be in Toledo all day Saturday though 
Gutted at the weather forecast for seeing Oasis on Sunday, rain &amp; 10 degC 
@SwtGemini whoa whoa. Sunday?! Wth 
@Ticky_promsut nope can't.. Stayin home 2nite Hun.  assignment! Saturday nighttt I can't wait!!!
So far away from Sunday, my Snuggie wearing kitty cuddle day. sigh 
I was in the Village on Sunday... missed Obama by a day. 
@anomaa my coworker just saw Kooza and loved it, I couldn't go cause I had something to do on Sunday 
@dkennebrewceo Yea that's bad. I've only planned up to Saturday Night 
no piercing for paige  im sorry paigee. CA Adventures this Saturday!! yeah!!
Today I realized that my flight arrives too late for a Sunday WWDC checkin. I won't be anywhere near the front of the keynote line 
@N_Jacobs84 Nicole Kidman named her daughter Sunday, sorry 
Trkish Grand Prix on Sunday.....miss my man 
Ink and Iron Festival on Sunday, hope they let me bring in my D90 
@nikkirosety I couldve get out . Flights r so full all ova sudden I can't fly till Saturday 
So much homework due tomorrow  Cant wait for Saturday. gonna be theeee besstttt!
@kirstykay Still wish I could be there  but I guess Evermore here on Sunday will have to tide me over for a while, haha.
@halfloves I know.  I was planning to go to school on Saturday to pay for residency and sit in in Sir Vince's fiction class.
@daysdifference the other day i was like dude! lets get Chick-fil-A!! and we were all excited.. then i was like crap.. its Sunday 
@allearsdeb http://twitpic.com/6j5nk - The sad part   We'll be down Sunday, staying at BCV
Going lakeside tonight to get prom shoes. Had no luck getting some in Southend on Saturday  wish me luck haha xx
Where the F is Friday!? I'm ready to go home...Graduation, Wedding, &amp;&amp; RIP Boodee G-land gonna miss u lil homie! 
Well, darn. I'm not going to be an extra in the filming at Nats Park since I won't be available Saturday June 13th  Dreams. shattered.
Hersheypark was amazing.... SATs on Saturday  lots of studying!
 Heavy rain forecast for Saturday at Epsom Derby!!
My final day of being 16 tomorow! My Birthday on Saturday!  But the only problem is..........I've got to work! 
 weather in Cochrane for Saturday is 90% chance of rain/snow mix with a high of 7... I just hope the roads stay ok...
Sad I have to leave the beach on Saturday 
Mom just told me I have to get shots on Saturday 
Spending a few more hours with my love, then back to Warren til Sunday night. Its gonna be the longest week EVER!  *miss &amp; love you*
Spending a few more hours with my love, then back to Warren til Sunday night. Its gonna be the longest weekEND EVER!  *miss &amp; love you*
Super-mega-happy-glad it is Friday and it is a DOG SHOW weekend! Also happy Hazel is coming back from Burns' on Sunday. Miss my girl 
Dad's in Dubai until at least Sunday. 
Laying out relaxing before driving back by myself.   be back Sunday for another week. Going to miss my Nate.
Looking forward to the weekend! I'm Mr. Mom again until Saturday night when my wife returns. She's been gone since last Friday 
On it, Sunday is not the first day of the week! Monday is! Which I am not used to.  Me and my very Christian boss.
is thinking that an early start on Sunday (8am in Chesham) means no going out on Sat nite 
Duuude, I hate hair cuts but i gotta do it. Saturday is THE day. whahaha. i miss my latino friend! i miss my Brothers (sam&amp;jake). 
cracking game to start the T20 world cup...shame England lost  Makes Sunday's match very interesting now!
@HoppoBumpo Up at 4am on a Saturday is no fun  Hope you get a chance to rest up during the day.
Hope tips are better tomorrow and Sunday than today...$15 so far 
Can't wait till Sunday!!!! or next friday..although it wont be as good as i thought cause i gotta get up early the next day...no partying 
@kendrajaderossi hi my lovely !!!!I fly to Alaska the 10th  are hits doing anything Sunday let's go to Disneyland
@caroline_flores work work work! Can't wait to go home to the babies. I miss them!  Basketball this weekend? Sunday?
@YoungQ Wish I could but it doesn't work on my phone  Will be back on Sunday though!
@Shurikenblade Three more weeks and four more exams. Two of those exams are on Saturday mornings, and one of _those_ is on my birthday. 
just found out that because of the weather, day 1 of my softball tournament is cancelled so im not going to Jersey till Sunday 
@ginidietrich No, I don't. I'm on a plane Sunday AM. 
is thrilled to be heading home. Sucks I've got to go back to Jackson again Sunday. 
Wanna know how I'm spending the rest of my night? Going through the Nursing Entrance Test review book. The test is on Sunday 
Now, Saturday Morning in Japan, but it's heavy raining. 
Brice's B-day party is tomorrow. I've been busy planning. We then have an open house Sunday. Lots of cleaning will have to be done 
twitterverse, I bid you a fond weekend. I'm out of town until sunday night. Also, 12 year anniversary is Sunday.                 I'm Old. 
Saturday: Steph's party and packing. Sunday: Graduation and Grad Dinner. Monday: Pack and move. I want time for hanging out 
True Blood season 2 starts next Sunday!!!! Yippppeeeeee!!!! I'm going to miss Lafayette though. 
I miss my wife  she is taking tests in Tucson tomorrow so I won't see her until Sunday night. Pray she does well!
Working on Saturday. 6 days to Singapore and still need to design 2 booths, redesign a web site, build a presentation. Sh*t's not funny. 
Hell awaits at the door for me tomorrow and I'll be there til next Saturday 
needs to go to bed. Long day Saturday. 
I don't have it in me to get up before the butt-crack of dawn to go to SQL Saturday in Portland tomorrow.  I am not a morning person.  
(yawns) cannot believe im wakened so early on a Saturday morning!!  We Eva had a bad dream and woke us all up at 7.10 am boohoo!!!
Tonight was another great night. Met a hot soccer player. I'm kinda a fan. He is coming tomorrow! Leaves Sunday 
@vpra Sunday morning will be mostly dry, the chance of some showery rain through the day, especially in the afternoon. Cool &amp; cloudy too 
Yeeah! It is Saturday=D my fave day ;) But I must learn for biology,geography,physics and maths  (AND IT IS SUNNY and I must learn  )
is again about to be late at university - seems like the #BVG gives all their drivers a free Saturday. 3rd time had to wait 5 min  #fail
Class on Saturday... 
What a failure of a Saturday night - 3 assignments and work early in the morning. I wish I was in Melbourne. 
....doing work on a Saturday morning!  Great 
Daylon headache Saturday. Worst thing is I forgot the lifeline bookfest. 
Work on Saturday sucks ass 
I miss my LOVE  I want him home. It's Saturday! Blah, stupid work!
@revdal We have 24 this year - must be some kind of record! New NSM curate has Saturday off, so down to Rector 
Im awake , it's saturday and i dont want to spend Saturday alone  Helpp x
Why, oh why is my neighbor directly across from me destroying his driveway with a JACKHAMMER at 8 AM on a Saturday?!?! 
It's Saturday night, I am alone at mother-in-law's house (  she is already in bed, old Ryu is also.  cannot play SL,either 
It's Saturday night, I am alone at mother-in-law's house ( she is already in bed, old Ryu is also. can't play SL with mini PC, either 
Stuck in work on a Saturday and it heaving busy  i want to go home
there was a time when I'd go for a cup of coffee with friends each Saturday... But now I must finish two different comics by SDCC... 
Wont be on till late Sunday gran dont have internet 
God I hate Saturday mornings!! I just want to be able to sleep in 
is watching Catherine Tate video clips on a Saturday night on Youtube... how sad is that...  http://plurk.com/p/yvm9q
What a super-sunny Saturday!  Too bad I have to work later.  
I had to force myself to get up at 7 this morning.. Too early to work on a Saturday. 
I can't believe I'm spending my Saturday watching Aladin. I'm so weird 
Morning tweeps!  got to work today  On A Beautiful Saturday  bummed 
What ever happend to Saturday morning cartoons? Can't find any to fall asleep to 
Enjoying a Saturday off (albeit tidying house), but am gutted to hear that Magaret won't be on next series of The Apprentice! 
Grey on Saturday 
@TimCAD: If it makes you feel any better Tim, I spent 3:20 (on a Saturday) doing an English exam. www.rte.ie/exams/english.html 
@robhahn Gotcha, I may have to cut #REBCBOS  but I will definitely be at #REBCCHI getting there next Saturday
It's a beautiful Saturday morning. My head hurts from last night 
Update: the chocolate-coconut pinwheels aren't as bad as I originally anticipated. It's too early for a Saturday 
FriendFeed is down for the second Saturday in a row. I swear it happens every time I have time to enjoy FriendFeed. 
So tired of cleaning  wish I had Lines, Vines, and Trying Times all ready! Can't wait till Sunday sleepover at Jasmines haha o yeah!
Long run plans foiled this morning by sore leg. Side of leg, above ankle. Is there a name for that? Postponing long run till Sunday 
I am beyond perplexed as to why the new video game I bought is broken and has ruined my Saturday morning off work.   Lame.
@lindabarber Ugh.  No fun for a Saturday. Hope you can take something.
Boooo it's Saturday and I'm at work till 4  !!! What's everyone doing today?? I want to go see the hangover today it looks funny!!!
I'd prolly be in Bombay for half a day next Sunday.. how I wish I could stay and meet everyone 
Slept in on Saturday like usual. Needs to figure out what to do this weekend. One of her last weekends here. 
With any kind of luck we will be sprung from the hospital tomorrow ( Sunday ). I'm really going to miss the Glenn Beck tour tonight! 
Gawd bless no person should be working on Saturday!!! 
IV class on a Saturday... Pretty bored. 
At school...on a Saturday  ....Summer starting in three days!
It's Saturday!!... and Im at work   Only 1 more day til my weekend.
@ShaneAugustus awwwwww it's First Saturday! I completely forgot 
Still at the office working ....  . I swear Im leaving in a couple hours. Hope everyones having a fantastic Saturday!!!!!
Somebody sat on my sunglasses last Sunday  I gotta take em' back
TIRED.. Working on Saturday sucks. Working on Sunday is even worse  http://myloc.me/2PKh
Had the greatest time at Prom. Andd just spent her last Saturday of the school year in Saturday School. 
@mrs_mcsupergirl  we tried. Tough to get going on a Saturday.
I wish I was out 2nite!! Hate being in on a Saturday night 
I was supposed to watch taking back Sunday.  I wonder what nia is doing in Baltimore?
Reading Seventeen mag on a Saturday. 
Covering Heritage Festival coronation tonight, which means I've got to put on something nice on a Saturday 
Stuck at home with my thesis on a Saturday nite 
Bored outmy mind on a Saturday night. What a crap weekend this has been 
Does anyone have an extra ticket to see Phoenix at Park West on Saturday?! I'm so depressed, I thought I already bought one but I didn't! 
sitting eating porridge watching a fierce storm come over at 9am on a Sunday morn. Puppy dog is scared witless 
Lazy Saturday... Lazy every day... 
I'm awake. On a Sunday morning and at punggol. Super tired 
@Temsy spa is next Saturday! Thanks for advice must have eaten something bad  what u doing tomorrow? Would lurv to see u
Cool new version of flightcontrol at app store... So much for a Sunday of work 
Saturday night and ive got no plans to go out. Lame 
Tis Sunday morn...had planned on ridin my Harley 2day...TIS RAININ...Bldy Farken 
I'm busy as hell. But at least I'm making money. Wish I could be a part of Saturday night festivities 
Bored on Saturday night 
About time for bed...Up at 5am for work Sunday 
Crap... I want to play xbox while Molly is down sleeping, but the Sunday footy show is on... sigh... 
It's Saturday night (my weekend off in a long time) and my man is sick and sleeping on the couch  .......how FUN!! Movie night, maybe?!
So it's a Sunday smack bang in the middle of a long weekend... And what am I doing? WORKING! Whats wrong with this picture...  
better get to bed. i have two services tomorrow starting at 8a. and i don't want the sleep demons to win this Sunday!  GN
Saturday night and what am I doing for fun?  Tech support.  
So the BEST Super Saturday concert of Phil Vassar was canceled due to rain 
Dreeding Softball Sunday, girls have to be on the Field @ 7 am awful no rest this weekend 
is enjoying this beautiful Sunday, even if Jules has gone to work  Off to check out mountain bikes http://www.specialized.com
Great... another Saturday night at home, and even worse STUDYING. I miss the nights out with my drunkin buddies 
This Saturday has been the pitts... Sum1 make things better 
Lunch at Leona's, shoe shopping at the mall, and back to my spot to chill. This Saturday was priceless. I don't get to see my aunt much. 
Time for bed... been running around most of the day. Apparently there is rain in the forecast for Sunday in the Hamilton area! 
@Sunday28 Defense is 9000?  Ours is only 1212 
It's a real thunderstorm out there! Poor @flams is walking to work in this  &amp; why am I up at 6:30 on a Sunday!!!!
Being bored, and wanting to go to sleep. Tomorrow is Sunday... 
last Sunday in high school tomorrow! Sad day 
Midnight swims at the ranch... not any fun alone, it appears.  What a waste of my Saturday night, and my gas. 
Is it done? I hope so. My Sunday is now gone. 
Late night Saturday TV is soooo boring. 
Who actually does work on a June Saturday night?... Me  ah well, at least its in my own time and i prepares me for less strees next week!
who does &quot;work&quot; on a warm/rainy June Saturday night?....Me  at least its in my own time and i'll be less stressed to do it during the week
You can tell ive had a busy week when i'm sorting thru my backlogged RSS feeds on Sunday evening on a long w'end 
Sunday breakfast. Rainy day 
I just woke up and it's crappy Sunday ;( I have to study and play some basketball but WEATHER SUX 
Is having another Sunday of doing work  Forgot the gfx tablet too 
A typical Sunday morning when my daughter is staying - breakfast and Transformers. Gutted the weather is nice today instead of yesterday. 
Has to be Slapdash Sunday for NikNak but all day works are still never fun 
God! Sunday morning's are soooooooooo boring! 
Im back out at work for another 6 days on and 1 day of  gotta love the long hours lol hope everyones Sunday is going well 
@craneballs yeh. But come on it's 7am Sunday. Where is it? 
needs to get his tuchus in gear, this fine Sunday a.m. &amp; go get some ER charts coded. 
Sunday o'clock! Xbox beckonage but work hollers louder 
Working on a Sunday isn't much fun, but someone has to keep Bristol's buses running. Today it is me 
My last Sunday here before i go to Spain...Next Saturday  Can't wait though!
Last Sunday at Pioneer   I'm going to miss everyone!  Next stop...Kentucky.
Morning...I got bit in the face by a dog yesterday. Bad Saturday 
ready for a great Sunday.  My 8th graders move up to Varsity today  but the 5th graders move up into JV and that's awesome!
Office... Sunday    damn ...
Our last Sunday in Raleigh 
Wanting to see @garethemery BAD in DC next Saturday but have to be at work at 6 am Sunday  Probably go without sleeping again..
@Sunday28 I have been playing the Sims 3 for a few days now and like it.. A little laggy unless you have beefy machine or a small LCD tho 
Waaaay too early to be up on Sunday!  
Spending my Sunday doing what I did not get to do this week  Hope to take a swim later
Why is it already Sunday?! Where did the weekend go? 
I hate missing out- it's miracle Sunday in church and I'm at the hospital  but I have my list I'm believing God for! I'm excited!
Ugghhhh Sunday!! I feel like my whole weekend was shot   AGAIN!!!!
Is Sunday night again.. Tmr is Mon - haf to work n go training again 
I miss SEMO Sunday brunches  I would LOVE to go to it right about now.
Another packed day. IAC, Foreclosure demonstration, and thrn FIST meeting. I'm sleepy  everyone enjoy your Sunday!
@will6565 ooooohhhh... Sunday dinner. Stop it you're making me hungry 
Double shift day   Work isn't that fun on a Sunday.
Work on Sunday+messed up June weather equals FUN!  
Hello everyone. Sunday. Bah. Weekend nearly over... 
Just served twleve hours at the office on a Sunday. Will be in early tomorrow. 
I missed Sunday Mass  but departing Columbia now, on the way to the Charlotte airport.
Pancake Sunday. One of the last for a while 
@tomhcooper - actually being Sunday your prayers were answered the clouds parted and most of day dry and sunny here! Rain still forecast 
is heading to Sunday Family Lunch. minus Caleb. 
G'morning tweets... Hope everyone is having a blessed Sunday . I'm tryna find peace within myself, just not feel so confident w my image 
Home from meeting. Food, cleaning, hair cut and homework. That's my Sunday! 
It's Sunday!! Tomorrow it will be my last day on Maui 
Homework Sunday 
Beautiful Sunday morning and I'm going up to NorCal for the night 
Sunday morning scrabble...I lost this one  Time for a walk and lunchzies...then...zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
is staying inside on this beautiful Sunday   Messed up my leg @ the marina.  cant walk.  Totaly thumbs down.
is staying inside on this beautiful Sunday  Messed up my leg @ the marina.  cant walk.  total bummer.
What a beaultiful Sunday. =]  To bad i don't have batteries for my camera. 
Sunday.. My only day off 
@vincetornero I have to work  can't you people get this outlawed?  I mean it is Sunday.  Work on it!
@squishyjam DAMN IT! You're right. I thought it was on Sunday 
Been walking around the house with my cup of tea all day, what an exciting Sunday! Neighbours are having a bday party, didn't invite me 
I wish you knew how much it sucks to have homework on a beautiful Summer Sunday afternoon. 
Sunday... Exams tommorow 
is enjoying a lazy Sunday. Drinkin' a beer, reading the paper, watching the kids in the lil' pool. Until 5 and then I have to go to work 
At Olive Garden on Sunday instead of Saturday, and an hour later than usual to boot. It's very loud here today. An urchin keeps yelling. 
Waking up at 2:30. Lazy Sunday for sure. @bjcrumps is moving all her stuff out  I need to go and get some food like whoa.
Sunday night TV is crap. Even with Sky full package and a gazillion channels there is still eff all to watch 
missing out on josh's Margarita Sunday Funday w Prive originals  workin a 7hr shift &amp; doin accounting hw @ the same time.
Great Saturday !! Regular Sunday   smh.
What is it about Sunday night, last time last week I had bad guts, this week I feel queasy! Must be the onset of work! 
Am a little tired and feverish today..Should have taken the Sunday off. 
Sunday lazy day. I didn't get to see The Hangover  oh well...seen't it!
thinking about my old Sunday Funday partner....i miss him 
It's Sunday. Weekend is half over. 
Spent my Sunday night in darkness  was however very much in awe with turnaround time of outsurance &amp; the council!! #brandplus city of CT!!
Why are Sunday evenings so depressing! Time to say goodbye to another weekend 
Yawn......gonna hit the sack can't believe Sunday is over 
@Alyssa_Milano Awww! Drop down to AZ, we'll make you a wonderful Sunday dinner! But I'm Dutch, so no Italian Yummies   sorry!
Horrible horrible sunburn of death.  Indoors on a SUnday.
Blow-drying my hair, &amp; just chillin. Sunday &amp; nothing to do 
The combination of Chris leaving + Sunday night is making me all full of woeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. 
Super relaxed Sunday is almost over 
Why is it when I want a Chick-fil-a shake its on Sunday when they r closed. 
@sinatao Why so sad? Sad that today is Sunday? 
@brax4444 I wish. Busy Sunday for me 
Boss is mad about me not going in to work on Sunday. 10 counts + 4 2's to do = me no life for the next 14 days 
Sunday night = Enbrel shot  But it's either that or ending up with some joint or another swollen &amp; REALLY painful, so...
Daughter's friend wants to go to Comic con w/us on Sunday, but even the Sunday tickets are sold out. 
@jonathanmaness There sure is. Java Joe's. Closed on Sunday though. 
Wishing I was at Summer Jam right now..... On a Sunday tho. I get up too early for that! 
@djpajamiejam because i had to work so early Saturday  and you got it on the Shia thing!!!
Worn out after a lovely Sunday!  Bummed that Kyler's ear is hurting him so we will need to visit the Dr tomorrow. 
wants to see &quot;The Hangover&quot; so badly!!  maybe next Saturday, hopefully!
@GuitarLove08 But..But..It's still Sunday..for you..right? *pouts* Your so mean, you and your stupid cliffys 
@1yaya mama...everyone forgot about Joaquin on Saturday    Saddddd
Uploading photos of Architecure in Helsinki and The Presets from Saturday night. Flickr has limits..so only a few 
Mundane Monday!!!! Weekend's over ........ 
got in at 8:30 this morning from our Saturday night out.. Slept most of the day then started coming around at 6pm, then the Magic lose  
@ecoblips the sad part abt living in Israel....there is no Sunday  I miss Sunday mornings with the NYTimes!
@KathyTillotson Ah you gave me beach envy now LOL No, no pics  I slept most of Saturday &amp; today was in hibernate mode. What up 4 week?
I am officially allergic to Sunday night. Three weeks in a row of not sleeping, and this time I get a cough and fever on the side.  
is searching for the &quot;dislike&quot; button on Facebook for having to work on a Sunday evening. Boo! 
@lukeando I logged on on Saturday - and it's still not letting me choose a URL 
Ordered my netbook yesterday, will hopefully have it by the end of the week. Going to SkillsUSA Finals on Sunday. But first: work. 
@guardianfood @Silverbrow I am at cupcake classes Saturday day and Meltdown Saturday night  Maybe could pop up for an hour in between.
@lonelysandwich Hate to be the bearer of bad news, AT&amp;T sold out of pre-orders on Saturday 
@dhempe dude, I wanted to catch uo with you Sunday at IIM... U were missing 
At work early enjoying some A/C. Ours broke Saturday night and we are waiting on a part. 
Goodbye lazy Sunday...hello long work day. 
I'm pretty sure I have a pinched nerve since Saturday and don't feel like going to work at all!! Plus I'm exhausted from the boat &amp; sun 
@Bin4now5 not even grey here!  That's odd.  Who was poorly on Sunday?? 
So I've been without Internet and cable since Saturday afternoon. The stupid storm cut the cable from the pole to the house 
CANNOT wait for new episode. There is one on Sunday, right? Is my DVR being weird? It told me it was a rerun of yesterday's ep. 
I am sad becuase the Adventure Party is over.  But I met a really famous penguin on Saturday... Spq96! How cool is that!
I can't wait for the maid to turn up this Saturday. Fed up with housework 
Twitterless Sunday.  Chemistry test tomorrow. Scared I might flunk. :s
DJ Carrasco was interacting with me on Saturday &amp; tried multiple times to give me a ball, and some kid snagged it from me.   I'm sad.
@BigwagDogBakery Sorry I couldn't make it Saturday -- I had a sick dog Saturday morning   Poor Claire!!
Sad that Brinkley broke her arm Saturday 
another monday   working a lot of hours this week! hosting at Savannahs in Albany on Saturday Night, make ur plans early!
@DonnieWahlberg Saw you guys in NJ Saturday night - you were great as always but I am very sad I didn't get any facetime 
I am rockin my Texas rangers t-shirt with the one and only josh hamiltons name on the back heck yeah to bad he couldn't play Saturday 
5 teammates left Sunday to Korea to train before Nationals. Work kept me from going 
@AmyRangel My daughter saw me in a Suit Saturday, and told me that I looked like a Bossbot from toontown.  
@xprettypetitex Waaack;; i worked Friday and Sunday...i was Faded!! lol thats always g0ood..But u werent there...&quot;My Drinkin Partner&quot; 
Football Camp all this week, then leaving for vacation on Friday and not coming back till next Sunday...sorry but I won't be able to post 
@xprettypetitex  Waaack;; i worked Friday and Sunday...i was Faded!! lol thats always g0ood..But u werent there...&quot;My Drinkin Partner&quot; 
@samiamagirl I wanted to see The Audition on Sunday but its father's day  and my grandpa would be mad 
@GrenadaSpice Just went to the opening in Gouyave and I enjoyed it. Unfortunately we did not make the long drive on Sunday to Bathway 
Council has dug up the footpath at my place, and ripped the nature strip to shreds! I only just mowed it Sunday.  http://twitpic.com/7i5rf
@SaMMiSaMM i miss u *sadface  come to Sunday Dinner now that ur home!
@Incredaboy Saturday is my birthday party!! I assume you won't be in NYC 
@BrookeLockart I had a shot of The Knot on Saturday I think Im still feeling it today  lol
I cooked dinner for Mr Saturday, and even had cherry pie for dessert. He said he thought he was getting a cold. He didn't want any pie 
@JeanAnnVK Awesome all-day training idea!  I'm doing a session on Fri called &quot;Gardening with a Y&quot; but I have to fly back Sunday 
@girlytech I hate it when that happens.  See you Sunday &lt;3
@TweetDiane Weird...just found tweets from you from last night.No, not going to afterparty. A bit hard on a Sunday night w work next day 
Watching Monday Night RAW...disappointed Matt was the first one out of the battle royal 
Has officially exhausted all my options for seeing DMB on Saturday...not gonna happen 
I have to say our Texas Sigma Pi Lone Star Reunion is going to be a blast this Saturday, to bad it is only Monday night 
@heycassadee can I meet you somehow when u come to Denver Saturday? that would be amazing!! if no I understand 
I just recovered from Saturday and hit the gym hard with Hector, the don't cry me a river trainer  gooood burn! I'm up for shopping!!
Oh my gosh! Andie just turned 11 months last Sunday and she has &quot;kuto&quot; na 
@LEGENDARYDOLCE r u still in Miami ..... I txted u  but u did text me back .... I will call u Sunday when I come home love ya hehe!!!!!
Super excited for Saturday. Looking forward but please don't fail me  I have been waiting my whole life for this. HAHA.
@Sbsmazzle she had a partial seizure on Sunday...she's ok now and we're seeing a vet on Fri, but it's scary 
Going back to work today. Sore throat, day 2. Hoping it's due to sawdust inhalation from floor sanding on Sunday. Can't be another cold! 
Rain allll week long = no swimming.  But good news = this is my first week of bar review classes when I have no class on Saturday!!
Taking Back Sunday tonight(!!!) - and then back to the library for the rest of the week 
Whyyyy must @SongzYuuup always have performances on weeknights! (Strata Sunday, sposed to be here in Jerz 2nite!) I'm a working woman! 
@thedullfig I fell over whilst covering a cafe tacvba concert on Saturday night  Nasty sprain.
I'm so disappointed the Dance Stage at Reading is only on the Sunday. The Qemists and Chase &amp; Status are there, gutted 
is heading off to Florida today for work until Sunday evening, missing Sherrif's going away party 
@Koz Anne got very ill from my b-day lunch on Saturday and we got stuck nursing her back to health 
Aaand... I'm sick. Woke up without a voice and I have an epic show on Saturday 
@darthbender My service was down for a few hours on Saturday. No internet or phone service. Fabulous when you're traveling. 
Area Wide for 9 ball is this Saturday. I've been practicing like crazy! The only bad thing is missing Taylor the whole day.  
dinner tonight with good friends, boo it's raining  Columbus on Saturday can't wait!
@singlegirlie I'm not sure if Mr Saturday is playing games or not. He had to back out of our dates this week because he's sick 
Just dropped off Phoenix at Rocky's mom's house.  I won't see him until Saturday night. This is so weird.
Almost half way through the week. Found out I can't go see cog Saturday night  anyone want a ticket?
Searching for more tunes for Greeley Grays home game. Next home game is Saturday@635. Laramie game last night cancelled due to rain. 
Sigh, my son just got sick again  He's been like this since Sunday. One more sleepless night in store most likely.
Will be boarding Chennai today and will be there till Saturday. Limited access to emails and net 
 Ventures lead guitarist Bob Bogle, whose fretwork on instrumental hits such as &quot;Hawaii Five-O&quot; influenced countless bands died Sunday
@LaurenConrad I'm sad your Saturday Naperville visit is ticketed and sold out  I just found out about it...
Whisky loses his manhood this Saturday 
I'm not ready to go to Korea on Sunday 
and to make even better...I am going to the I-70 game on Saturday! its goin to be a great week. if only I could see Carpenter pitch tho. 
@erincarmichael  I am bummed that you're bummed. Visit us tomorrow for hugs. Or come by Sunday and I will buy you a cupcake. xo
@aushoe21 I dont know if im staying anymore bc its father's day on Sunday!  im still gonna visit soon though.. PROMISE! miss you!
@Schlurry Omg u haven't dun it yet tsk tsk. I did it on Sunday and koogie and kayjay were taken  I think u shuld do schlurry
@neal89 @rizzababe @nolanmiranda @veggiemarcos Any of you planning on going to Shanda's Rastafari picnic on Saturday? I miss you all. 
Just finished throwing away almost all my stuff from college a couple of hours ago. Walking this Saturday. I am really gonna miss my univ 
Unfortunately, my department is too hardworking so, Sunday is only my rest day. BOO. 
Free on Saturday leaww yeah!! but study hard everyday 
@meganrebecca Booze ban? What the hell is one of those? I shall be in Camden on Friday then I have football training on Saturday  x
@KirstynSmith  I have so much I want/need to write. And lots to do too! Going to a gig fri, band practice Sunday!
@Brian__Crowley Great to see &quot;The Kingdom&quot; get a pasting last Saturday! Wasnt so pleased about your div2 trouncing of Monaghan tho 
@VickiElam Maybe we'll ask @MajorDodson about that one. LOL Sunny boy is on vac til Sunday ... clouds &amp; rain until then 
Going to miss Kelvin when he deploys Sunday! 
@Sw33tpea04 3 kids is why not! LOL! I'm already gone Friday and Sunday....Hubby has plans too on that Saturday. 
Planned on going to Shakespeare in the park tonight, but it ended last Sunday. I thought it went through father's day weekend. 
@rob_s_college Great question.  Based on the empty streets in Cleveland on a Saturday, my guess is yes 
@officialITM  closest you play is LA on a Sunday night 
@Lora1967 Yeah. Finished it last Sunday. And BD is in a box as I'm moving on Saturday 
France next Saturday!    
Men's Doubles Tournament scheduled for Saturday is cancelled due to lack of teams.      We schedule another event later in the summer.
boo... I can't do my regular blood donations while &quot;in waiting&quot; for the results.  Meaning I have to cancel my appt for Saturday 
Forgot about Twitter! Show in Sharonville this Saturday. Rio is still recovering from her wisdom teeth surgery 
Lyzi, I wish u were coming to the concert on Saturday!!!  Dont be sad, were going again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.....gonna miss Todd....probably won't see each other till Sunday night 
Going down to San Fran on Sunday to chill with @ppmoocowpp cant wait. But for now off to work. 
Morning Twitter. I still don't feel 100%. I want Saturday to hurry up and get here. 
I'm going to EDC on Saturday! Friday is promised to someone/thing else..  YAY SATURDAY  Hope to see some of you there!!!    !!!
I'm so proud of my ATV boys but sad they're leaving on Sunday! 
Had an awesome day with Grace, Hunter, and Mark!! I'm sad though that Halee and Britt leave on Saturday and Kyela on Sunday 
I wish I was able to go to the MMVA's on Sunday... Taylor &amp; @Rachelle_Lefevr  are gonna be there!  So close, but so far away! *cries*
Chugging along through my Women &amp; Crime homework for the week. Not very happy about working all four shifts Saturday &amp; Sunday 
My birthday is Saturday! Too bad I'm in Hawaii so I can't enjoy it with any of my friends 
@foodiechick @carondg - had brunch at Ave 5 Sunday....meh  Prices r ok. I love me some @StarliteSD...but go to @TheGlassDoor!  WORD!
@catlarkin no go   Just have to wait until the 'real' opening on Sunday.  I just wanted my Rt 44 Cherry Limeade dammit!
Birthday on Sunday... looks like nothing exciting is happening 
is home alone without his girls 'til Sunday night as they are in MO for Marla's grandpa Lunsford's funeral...&quot;how dry I am....&quot; 
Casey's going to Europe Sunday 
Whitsett until Sunday...everybody went out of town and left me by myself 
@ThatJonasKidJoe Can you do me a favor and pray for my niece Hannah, been in &amp; out of the hospital with jaundice.  was just born Saturday
@nicholasxjonas Can you do me a favor and pray for my niece Hannah, been in &amp; out of the hospital with jaundice.  was just born Saturday
@miiiiileyyyyy Can you do me a favor and pray for my niece Hannah, been in &amp; out of the hospital with jaundice.  was just born Saturday
@chipcoffey Can you do me a favor and pray for my niece Hannah, been in &amp; out of the hospital with jaundice.   was just born Saturday
@mileycyrus Can you do me a favor and pray for my niece Hannah, been in &amp; out of the hospital with jaundice.  was just born Saturday
@theBrandiCyrus Can you do me a favor and pray for my niece Hannah, been in &amp; out of the hospital with jaundice.  was just born Saturday
@nikkigirrl Wanna hang out on Saturday? I haven't seen you all week 
Saturday is just 2 days away. I start packing tomorrow. I don't want to leave my Hubby for any amount of time 
@jellyybeannn Aww,  I'm sorry. See, now Saturday is dedicated to you both.
Graphics exam later   McFly on Saturday!! =D =D   x
Hello world, I'm back and yes, my math tuition is still not done and it's due on Sunday 
Rain rain go away we wanna BBQ on Saturday all dayyyy.    This Seattle-like weather sux
dreary rainy day in NY  , its my BDAY weekend, gonna make the best of it!  my lil man also has his step up ceremony Sunday, so proud!!!!
@Claire_Cordon Day off tomorrow involves buying new iPhone, cause I'm an Apple fanboy. Then driving down to mum's. Fathers day Sunday 
@diecutsrus Thanks Claudia- Yoga is actually postponed until Saturday because they had a full class and made me change my group 
Not good - sump pump has a frayed power cable that was shorting out. Rain in forecast till Sunday 
@IamSheree Rain until Sunday 
@simonworld when ou posting mud run pics? pre-race ritual is more zen and inwardly focoused BIG day Sunday @toddlarlee is not racing 
Wish i had someone who could take me out driving   Car is coming on Sunday!
To the left to the left.   Errrk... Saturday    Bad times.
@RubbaDuckyLuva Saturday, I iz going to get Prom shoes  Sunday, I iz going to Londonz. With you lot. Time, I know not yet...
@AuntNomi Me too.  I have to wait until Sunday though...
Saturday we have a 3and a half + some travel to Nottingham i get travel sickness  and amys dad isn't usin a satnav mite have to leave  ...
Will b arriving Fayetteville, NC @ 3:30am Sunday. Funeral's Saturday but a bus ticket's all I can afford rite now... 
Anyone want to hang out with me at the @KRCLradio table this Saturday at the 3w/3S Farmers Market from 10am-12pm? I be lonely if not 
Just got back from shopping. Tonight I have my second last day of dance for the season. So sad  Recital's on Sunday.
enjoying the last day of non-rain before Sunday    New crank, cassette, chain, pulley wheels, bottom bracket, brake pads.see if this works
@dappatati Nd bcuz I miss u homie! I aint c u since Sunday 
@caraann Mark and I wont be here tomorrow  Ill either check it Saturday or early next week hows that?
Annoyed the Conor Oberst concert is $35 at library square this Saturday night...it means none of my cheap ski bum friends will go 
A little sick and HAVE to get better before Sunday 
@animamusika I heard it might rain Saturday  Where is the sun? I want to see my fucking mermaids!
I really want to see Savion Glover on Sunday, but we have an open house.  
My throat is sore today. I fear Mr Saturday got me sick. I didn't even kiss him on our 2nd date!! 
Excited to get my new sparkle!!! I have to wait 'til Saturday 
@JonathanRKnight won this on the radio and they said it was signed by you but it wasn't  Sunday in TO? http://twitpic.com/7qqja
@AndrewEddie I'd love to be in the Australian JRD listing but my submission hasn't been approved since last Sunday. 
@Lo_in_SoJo - Unfortunately, the Kool 98.3 forecast is calling for rain Saturday and Sunday 
Relay for Life on Saturday @ Freehold Racetrack and it looks like we're gettin T-Storms!!! 
Sad that we can't get Verizon Fios in our new house until July 8! I remember our friends had it installed on a Sunday 
@sonriente Yes..Saturday Afternoon-Evening! 
@MSLisaChang Was nice meeting you thru Jeff at the NOH8 march Sunday.  I am sick also...must have been something in the air that day. 
Back home from what I think was the longest coach pitch game ever and we have make up games tomorrow night and Saturday morning 
Tired. Can't sleep. My duder may have to have surgery again and won't be home til at least Saturday 
Going on a Dimitri's run before they close this Sunday. 
plllleeeease pray I'm not sick on Saturday. I can't be sick on Saturday! I've NEVER been sick on my birthday!!! 
@xTroublex sorry, Sunday at 3CG is a no go  Forgot we (Rich and I) had made other plans.
Ideas for the weekend? So far; Beer tonight, friends over tomorrow lunch. no Sunday plans though 
I didn't win Chicago Idol.    I'll be waiting in line with the other 10,000 people on Saturday.
aye man tell me how the Indie fest goes on Sunday, i really wanted to go 
@Jillus bummer  come out for the SEA Solstice Party on Saturday if you can
@JovanZJones not in town. Unable to go to book signing Saturday 
@jimkirks in Aspen covering Food &amp; Wine Classic through Sunday!  I was greeted with rain 
Feeling disconnected and adrift.    Looking forward to the farmers' market Saturday. 
Just now getting to bed. Miracle League Friday and Saturday, radio show on Sunday. Tis the season for busy. Wish it was for cash as well. 
alright time for bed headed to Oxford tomorrow to pack some and work Saturday...I really do miss that town 
Packing! My 3 girls are off 2 'sunny' Canberra for 3 weeks. Home alone after Saturday night 
Havent hung out with @worldisphat since Sunday... 
@MattCali y the fuck didn't I c u at Avalon on Saturday?  I was hella lookin forward to seeing u!!! 
http://twitpic.com/7m5ys - Free on Saturday leaww yeah!! but study hard everyday 
Is excited that he and Aitch are taking part in a TV filming on Sunday but has been told he can't talk about it 
http://twitpic.com/7scgo - Lazy Saturday @ Cupcakes by Sonja's. I want my saturdays back! 
Oh buggar... Fathers Day on Sunday! I have nee monies. 
*sniffs* @marcusfoster1 has cancelled Sunday's gig at The Troubadour 
Just had dinner w/ the parents. Unfortunately realizing there are good things on Saturday night but not tonght  what2 do tonight in Newc?
trying to find a new dive boat for Sunday - Booked one has cancelled 
@pimo it would be a fly-by-night trip.  Departing on Sunday for Pontianak. Sigh, don't ask..
Party on Saturday but must have a low-key weekend, or tummy will go sour . .  I suspected ulcers 
Missed archery last Sunday  hope to go this week. Auskick tomorrow with 7 y.o. Lost a good staff member today - that's the GFC for you.
@boberto84 Sounds wicked. @reemerband is such a good friend to you! haha. Reckon I will watch Transformers on Sunday... after work ! 
don't have to report back to Schutt's till Sunday night!! Takin a quick shower, then on to Grand Rental for my 2nd job; dq is no more 
@armyofcats sadly I'm off to Bromsgrove on Saturday. 
@runnrgrl sorry to hear  get well soon.  I hope you weren't planning on any of the Classic events on Sunday were you?
@photomandab Don't have tickets this year  Going to a grand prix party at Brawn on Sunday though!
busy helping my aunt create her AVP on Sunday  we've been working on it for like three hours now ( i wanna watch TV! hah.
@LilCodger Could be, pulled ~160 viruses off of my sisters computer last week. Going to attempt a repair on Sunday. 
Going home tomorrow... Then I can talk to all of you guys again! Miss it   Home Sunday night.
do you reckon race will go ahead or will they all take a stance and not run on Sunday? God I so hope not, wld b sad end 2 Silverstone  #f1
Wrapping up for the weekend - working at the youth BBQ for church tomorrow and my niece's baptism on Sunday. No golf 
Paisley is minutes away from landing only to leave again Sunday for a month!!!!!   
@CMalachi I have a feature in Bmore tonight &amp; Storytellers on Sunday  I would love 2 b @ both shows! Knock 'em dead!
is probably going to be an iphone and Grand Prix widow this weekend  Although I do get see @loonytune on Saturday  - yay!
@richardquest Bust at COLLEGE, 2 finals on a Saturday morning  Ruins an untimely trip to the mountains.
And then Sunday Playing a round @harmonygolf !! Only problem is, there's a lot of missed US Open 
Way too much Stargate last night. 3-hour drive today, 3 hours tomorrow, and 1 hour Sunday. I wanted rest 
Sunday's shuttle to the Tides game has been canceled due to lack of participation. 
@julibarcelona Heading back home to MI in the morning and back Sunday evening   We'll have to plan something soon.  You doing SMC nxt wk?
Leaving now... Bye, world.  I'll be back Sunday night. &lt;3
I keep thinking it's Saturday night.... haven't worked a Friday in AGES. My back is an aching annoyance at the mo, tomorrow will be long 
@Chrissymarsh Omg I was just about to text you saying that it turns out I can't go either! I have to work Saturday AND Sunday now. FML. 
I'm heaps bummed I didn't get to Justins last night  and I spilled Sunday on myself it was an awful night. Nick is still noting away...
@Florrieee I've heard thats good, might give it a blast! Wonder if it'll work by Sunday, hmmmm. Left it a tad late me thinks 
So, yeah.  I missed my flight, Delta was mean to me.  So I'm here until Sunday.  Sucks, because I'm missing whitewater rafting.  
is sad i have to miss the @rascalflatts Bristow show for the air show with my fam next Sunday... 
@Drew818 I am trying to mobilize but I might stay in  Got Santigold Sunday and Eli Escobar/DannyUnited party Saturday....text me
@miamendez .. Awww..  Death is soo hard to deal with.. A good friend of mine's wake is Sunday and I get sad thinking about it.. Its hard.
Omg I wanna be at santa monica pier Sunday to see @djknucklehead 
@GregBardsley I'm in Seattle til Sunday for work. 
is doing the dishes. What an awful way to spend a Friday Evening...don't ya think? 
Looking forward to Sunday's game.  Lady Aztecs playing for 3rd place   if they had only won penalty kicks....
Sad that I don't have a dress for Saturday 
The movie up was amazing. Taking back Sunday tomorrow...not that excited. Wish I had someone to go with 
Mis-plugged a cable at the co-lo last night and realized it tonight.  Going out of town Sunday so have to make a trip to fix it tonight. 
At my cousin's house. Sh'es leave on Sunday to Florida. Going to miss her. 
A Working Saturday ----- not happening  .. good food too didn't lift up the spirits..SAD !
Father's day is on Sunday. Great. Now, I have to figure out what to buy for hubby... I completely forgot about it 
Rainy Saturday  organ is a funny word!!!
@theroxy I was disappointed I missed Foreign Exchange last Sunday.  I'm sure it was a dope show.
@phililoo I hate it! I've missed a lot na!  Nge! Saturday 8-12 am ako.
Woke up early on Saturday, but its of no use..coz no current  10% battery remaining.. i wish i should be in lakshadweep or in US..
http://twitpic.com/7vjby - Movie nite with B... tryna get the last minute QT in before he leaves to camp on Sunday. 
Oh, bummer! My flight arrives 11 minutes before the games starts on Sunday.  http://bit.ly/R2PyZ
Tashia ur bday falls on Sunday not to hot 
up this early on a Saturday  getting car services  possibility of a McDonalds breakfasy 
Saturday migraine time warp engaged.  Not exactly how I'd hoped to spend today   Feeling better, but still spaced out.
Gutted - 3rd weigh in: I only lost a lb   I confess we were invited to Sunday dinner last week but all I had was some c http://url4.eu/fgm
A Saturday off and nothing to do...maybe I'll give writing a shot...God knows I've been neglecting it 
Not sure why I'm working (on site) at 08:30 on a Saturday ...  can't wat wait for the rugby today!! Go SA!!
@giwiguinevere  I'm Working ! So sad    Enjoy your Saturday na ka XD
Awake too early on a Saturday  oh well,prob should crack on with the last of this packing!  Coach Trip is on...yay!
Kings Road stall open in 15 minutes for those of you not struggling through spreadsheets on a sunny Saturday morning  http://bit.ly/135HIA
Goodmorning, slightly green twitterverse! Swim practice went quite well. Last time on a Saturday I think. 
First Saturday off for a couple of months, feels good but think this hangover will hold me back today  I blame @TheDestroyers ;)
Spending far too much time on yet another Sunny Saturday sending endless emails trying to get this #schome chapter finished.... 
Morning all my little sleepyheads. Pouring the 2nd cup of coffee and prepping for work on a rainy Saturday 
wishes that she was NOT having a tame (Lame) Saturday night at home alone 
@ghoseb I m sick of HRC! I go tree ever friggin Saturday 
Good morning Saturday..Being awake this early makes me wish I was at home watching Saturday morning cartoons  6am Tom &amp; Jerry..I missed it
Can't we skip Saturday and go straight to Sunday?? Today is going to be hell   why am I awake anyways?!
is bored ....nothing to do on a Saturday Morning 
Today is Saturday but i juz finish worked 4hours ago...Sigh.Tomolo is Sun but I still need to work from home 
Today is Saturday but i juz back from work 4hours ago...Sigh.Tomolo is Sun but I still need to work from home 
Can't believe half of Saturday is gone already! Where did it go?? 
just got home from sydney eisteddfod, finally. Thru to final next Sunday, didn't win other final, lost to PLC 
Is workin on a Saturday  gym later then UFC finale
Husband got called into work. They can't take the fuel off the plane without him  So much for our cute family Saturday morning.
Taking my boy 2 a special preview screening of Ice Age 3 in 3D early 2morrow; he is very excited - no Sunday sleep in for me  
Four Dogs to Groom, 3 loads of laundry waiting, 2 orders to produce...and 1 visit to husband's family. Saturday's Schedule! 
Am home. On a Saturday night 
@MapleBrownie hey I feel your pain. 7 am and I'm up!  it's Saturday! Boo!
is at Jocelyn's til Sunday sometime...watching movies all day today because it is raining! 
UGH. Like almost everyone is still asleep. Only (most) normal people would be awake this early on Saturday. 
@MrMessyFace It's Saturday evening here. I don't wanna wake up in the middle of the night to post. Turn updates off for me til you get up 
I wanna go home now. Man was not meant to work Saturday's. 
@lucylemon Gr8 thank you but can't believe how rapidly Saturday is passing!  
Saturday morning &amp; peeps heading off to local farmer's markets. Would love 2 do same, but Boulder's FM seems priced 4 the privileged 
A lazy Saturday morning comes to an end  Over to my mother-in-law's to work on her house and then to Shreveport to do the weather.
@ccrouleau That sucks!  Tomorrow I'm on until 6, next Saturday I'm 4-9, and I don't know about next Sunday yet. every other day I'm 5-9.
Heading to work early on a Saturday = notsomuch funz. Biggest thing I hate about my job is working pretty much every weekend and holiday 
Going to Costco with Julie.  i hate that place on Saturday. I would try to get out of it, but she did help me in the yard this morning.
I finally have a Saturday off and its raining! No fun 
Stupid 5-1 shift on a Saturday. Stings that much more just because I can't remember the last Saturday I worked on. Boo 
Wasted Saturday 
Morning all! Won't be on Twitter much today, got a busy Saturday ahead and crappy reception where I'm going  Hope everyone has a great day
Saturday at home with an hurting ankle...Uff... 
Can't afford to go out these days. So spending my Saturday night coding 
Work on a Saturday morning ....gives me this face 
Wondering why migraines like to attack me the most on Saturday. Ouch! 
Is at work wishing she was in NYC with @kimpawlos  miss you! What are you up to on this beautiful Saturday?
@dddlai It's a rainy Saturday in NYC. 
Sucks I'm going to miss the first day of CodeGarden now  I'm in Copenhagen till Saturday though if anyone needs a web dev! ;)
Work on a Saturday 
100lb mutt somehow fit himself on my 110lb lap. And I found room for twittering and beer, too. Yay Saturday afternoon. Work in 2hrs 
I've been feeling rubbish for hours and it's making me feel sad now. Can't believe I'm in bed before 9:30 on a Saturday night  xx
:O last Saturday in England  one week till LA wooooooooo
Sigh B had forgotten that @alaric doesn't have Saturdays at home - 'not much of a Saturday at home he's having' 
So I don't start working until next Saturday. Bummer.  But I'm thankful I at least have a job. Yay.
A Saturday at home not feeling the best  Tomorrow has got to be better...lol
Via CNN. &quot;19 people died in unrest Saturday in Tehran, hospital sources said. Unconfirmed reports put the death toll at 150. &quot; 
Rain makes me sleepy.. Can't bring myself to getting out of bed.  lazy Saturday!!
No show tonight  They're sold out. Next weekend. What good shows are on TV, guys? I have True Blood on Sunday at 10 but that's all.
Oh yay, my parents friends are here. Time for another Saturday night where I sit in my room doing absolutely nothing while they have fun. 
@BlatzLiquor WTF? I was thinking about another Sunday Funday, but since you didn't ask me I guess I'll find somewhere else to go! 
Home, really bored. Saturday's are so boring to me, ugh. Agree? 
At least 19 people died in unrest Saturday in Tehran, sources at one hospital said. Unconfirmed reports put the death toll at 150. 
Job hunting was a total bust...(sigh) What am i going to do!? It's Saturday, I haven't even been here a whole day, &amp; i don't know ANYONE 
http://twitpic.com/7ycdn - My unbelievably sad view of a pretty southern Saturday 
Hi guys!! ours that boredom!! tomorrow already it is Sunday, as raisin fast weekend 
What a wackkk Saturday so far!!! Ughh.. I need to move!!! I'm too far from everybody!! 
Fuck you NH, package stores are closed at 8 on Saturday? 
It's Saturday &amp; I'm alone; Hubby is gone for a week. 
Home for the night...First Saturday since October all by myself...its kinda lonely...  ... Miss you! xoxo
&quot;Participating shop&quot; didn't know anything about Vinyl Saturday &amp; thus never got  copies of the special #greenday 7&quot;  
FML. I'm so bored. I should be at a party. Its Saturday. 
Saturday night is pretty effing boring/lonely without Carlton around   #fb
@Taylors_tweets i WISH that i was one of those drunks  Sitting home alone on a Saturday night is beneath me.
@Kaatje_68 laptop still not able 2 reply, had 2 get phone. Hubby works nights but off Sunday Mondays so when he gets in - it's no tweets 
is feeling lame. Hanging in LA alone on a Saturday night   Mr. Mondavi helps ease the sadness.
Spent Saturday with nieces and nephews. Looks like the little germ factories gave me a parting gift 
@thisisnotadude I work every Sunday.  Sorryyy I WOULD!
It's Saturday night.  The 7-11 is hopping.  If anyone's curious, Eric (the Slurpee guy) got fired.    Stupid economy.
In bed. Early day tomorrow. Who wants to be up at 6 am on a Sunday. 
The child that's born on 'Sabbath Day' has to work hard every Sunday! 
last Sunday at the Powerhouse. There will be tears 
@stevebrett hiya, sorry can't make Sunday  happy to drop some details into an email though, I have your card so will mail. Sound OK?
Woke myself up by sneezing again. Far to early to be away on a Sunday  gonna make nice dinner for my Dad, well it is Fathers day today.
The streetcar we booked to go &amp; see Dad today was broken into during the night. Now we have no transport except slow, Sunday trains 
Woke up at 7 after a dream which totlaly fucked with my head gotta stop drinking before bed o well another long Sunday at work  ilptaf
Philly is being a whoreface. Won't tell me about Saturday 
Sorry if you're still in Sunday morning or even more behind the times, stuck in Saturday night. Here, it's Sunday nite. Hate that 
Relaxing Sunday .....all but over now ! Dinner party last night at a friends place. Start of another week tomorrow 
good morning!  Up soooo early for a Sunday, hate it when I can't sleep   Making a pot of coffee and going to read Twilight
@NadiaNoor I heard from a bird that you purposely ditched us on Sunday... All bas 
Awake at 6:15 a.m. on a Sunday. 
Just not enough opportunity for pisstake tonight. Disappointing, as I can't live-MasterTweet again til next Sunday! 
What a lazy Sunday morning. Sunday Times and coffee, that was it!  Silverstone GP at 1300, must watch, could be the last one held there 
Lunchtime on Sunday, and I've finally finished my work for the week. I need another long weekend! 
Supposed to be going out for Sunday lunch but after Mike's pagan activity last night it might not happen 
@ZombieArmadillo Nowhere open on a Sunday, bah! &gt;_&lt; I wish I COULD mail him to you... He needs a good home, poor little mite! 
Grandma said it was inappropriate to eat tuna on the way to church, so now I'll be hungry till Sunday School 
Gilmore Girls is on at 8am Sunday! I would have never known that if I didn't have to work 
Its Sunday morning! And I'm at work. This has got to STOP! I miss my church  but thank you Lord for my Job
Sun Jun 21 - Parks closed due to weather    Father's Day celebrated next Sunday
Basically I spent the whole weekend trying to get better from a crappy sickness. Review class starts this Saturday 
Jesus i have accumulated some shit over the years, what to take, what to leave and what to dump! Sunday is supposed to be a day of rest 
Watching Boring Sunday Tv   .x.
@todayshow Thanks for US Open explanation. Just lost you again this morning to Meet the Press.   Switching to watch CBS Sunday Morning.
My first Father's day, and I am up at 7:00am on a Sunday.  
Sunday night on my own (TCs off to Budapest) and everyone's busy or too far away! Agh. 
Email not working Sunday   - let you know when it is up and running again
I had a great time on Saturday but did get a bit sun burnt. My pasty skin now has a little brown tint and I don't like it. 
In stark contrast to @solobasssteve 's Sunday afternoon, I'm exhausted and it's only 15:20. Garden tidied and boys fighting a heavy cold. 
No Lazy Sunday for me...have to work   At least I get paid $1 extra on sundays!
Me he perdido el concierto de The Sunday Drivers... joooo! 
All the Sunday engineering works on the Tube and the rail lines are seriously screwing with my timings today.  #fb
@marktugwell Very melancholic for a Sunday morning 
@prestocait You're lucky your gym has ANY classes on Sunday.  Mine doesn't.  
Repaying my debt for Betsy letting me go to Wichita last Sunday for the Spider.  &quot;I'll do those next week&quot; finally caught up with me. 
Rainy Sunday here and i'm on the Road with my Bike 
SHOOOOOOOOOOOT!  It's Sunday and they are closed.  My stomach is sooo sad right now.    
Father's Day means bacon &amp; eggs &amp; love; Sunday means chores &amp; work on Monday - boooo 
David feels bad he missed the cocktail/birthday party Saturday... 
@suedray I'm good. Tomorrow's my day off. Basketball in the morning. Can't wait for the reunion but I'm only going on Sunday 
@DefyGravity81 Didn't know about it. But Saturday I will be in Lake Havasu. 
@BikePortland I didnt hear anything. I didnt even catch on it was that Sunday... 
@mmeganmarie I almost decided to go to Portland on Saturday.  Found super good tickets.  But I have no one to go with. 
Boo I have to work on Sunday 
Marco is a miserable long-furred flop. Just scheduled a grooming for this Saturday! Hope he feels better after. 
I totally want to attend Manchester Pride even on the Saturday, for the first time.. finally! Please! Can't volunteer until your 18. 
@twheresweevil He's going to be there on the Saturday, but I'm going on the Sunday so I can see Jensen and Jared. 
Dad had a serious heart attack Sunday around 6 pm. Stubborn man didn't get to a hospital until 7 or 8 LAST night.One artery 100% blocked 
@Jiggy91  would come but i dont think i'll be back before Sunday 
@eat_play_live I would love to go to the Expo    But I will be at the parade on Sunday.
@solotc awww I wanted to see transformers 2 in IMAX on Saturday night. 
There are good seats available for 311 in NJ on Saturday, but I don't want to have to come all the way back by myself that late at night. 
@Kenny73 No reason for sneaking up to the West End Bar on a Sunday 
Grease-dripping burgers Saturday night, &amp; half raw &quot;mesquite&quot; &quot;steak&quot; (yeah, steak doesn't come that way naturally) tonight. Hubby is 0/2 
@kylietothemoon did they really sing Suicide Sunday? 
Craving choc Sunday from Maccas ended up buying a picnic bar.. not satisfied now 
My dad will be in Indianapolis till Sunday   Praying for a safe trip.
@amarie226 I miss his &quot;I'm thinking of someone&quot; tweets and his tinks!  Hope he gets back here soon.    We need to talk about Saturday!
@dance_machine Turns out Paul and I are going out of town tomorrow afternoon instead of Friday morning... so sadly we miss Drink &amp; Draw. 
@itsNICKJONAS awwee, Nick, you're so sweet.. I saw you Sunday at the MMVA you guys did amazing..like always.. I miss you guys 
@erinwarde weird about the text. It's been tweetsinging with you. Too bad you would be in Montgomery Saturday night. 
Just finished packing up all my crap, moving out of Leader on Saturday  gonna miss this place, and the people.
@Jus10skyWalker hope u feel better I've been sick since Sunday 
@aliyaki Weirdly I had that on the plane on Sunday night going to Melbourne, never had it on a plane before.  It worried me *hugs*
@stoutard LOL. Just phoned to book Faldo and it is closed for maintenance on Sunday 
@___Felicity oh my! I'm having one of those today. Can't quite stomach work till Sunday  fml! Doing much today?
Nippon Paint event on Sunday. Another weekend gone 
I may not be able to go out with Zel and friends his coming Saturday.. how sad.. 
Open Day postponed until further notice... BUT school is still on as usual this Saturday 
Open Day postponed until further notice... BUT school is still on as usual this Saturday  #fb
@markysoft gutted to see that Future of the Left are playing Leeds next Saturday  {wonders if we could make it back from London in time}
@emmacourtney85 two sleeps for me  working Saturdays generally sucks. Mates 21st Saturday night tho 
I won't be able to watch Transformers 2 today.  I'll just have to wait for Saturday then.
@culturevultures Im working all day Saturday. 
@delainmusic I'm coming to Graspop! But unfortunately only on Sunday 
Off to work. It's my Friday. Then @NKOTB concert on Saturday. Boys also leave Saturday.  I will miss them!
I think I'm going to have to setting having my own Kenny, Sugarland and Lady A concert at my house on Saturday. 
Trip to chicago officially off  on bed rest until at least Saturday.
@thewince @stephenbarber Just had first smoke since Sunday. Bronchial tubes wish I'd read your status update first Stephen   #'kingtabs
Still need some touch-up on the Austrian Fritzl case. Will only be able to post it on Sunday. 
@BrittanyLMartin I actually won't get back to Knoxville until late Sunday night.  I wish I could see you though!!
At Erica's house responding to emails/messages then headed to the pool for some Q.T. with the cuzzos and homeboy before I leave Saturday 
I'll be here all weekend  so no excuse to not go to church this Sunday, see you at 11:45 Pastor West
My wrist is knackered, haven't picked up a drum stick since Sunday  Hope it's better soon!!
@officialkathyg I'm so upset. I got tickets to the Westbury show for Sunday and they changed my dance recital to the evening 
The day is flying by!  It's not a particularly good work day for me, but at least 1/2 over.  Bring on the wknd...oh yeah I work Sunday.  
awman, i was so excited to watch Transformers 2 all week, and now, i might not even get to watch it on Saturday 
Farrah died.           and mindy and the kids trashed the house since Sunday
I'm tired... really tired  Counting till Saturday...
@adeline_sky  that sounds fantastic! You're amazing! We need to watch some Muse gigs too! Shall we do it Saturday night?
People say THAT: Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night. 
@officiallemar You were amazing!! Saw u in Portsmouth on Sunday.. central front row too  sad times some1 stole my purse..the gits! :'( xxx
Reminder: SR Release date set for Easter Sunday 
@hannaht yeah they headline Saturday, saw 'em last year at V. Gossip Fri and Jamie T Sunday.  YAY no-one clashes with Arctics or KOL 
@iheartthatdance I'm in Canada every Sunday for class and feis a lot. I live 2.5 hours from our main studio.. long days, but worth it! 
@heroeswench @SuperTim  Yay!  LOTR next Saturday...I'm there 
Sittin' here, chillin' and talkin'.  Not a bad way to start a Saturday 
About to have the most beautiful Saturday ever! Enjoying the glorious sunshine with someone wonderful 
Beautiful Saturday amost 70 degrees gonna enjoy the day. = 
Nice little Saturday...Farmer's Market, gym, then maybe the grocery store. I don't know, I don't know if there will be enough time 
@rossanneg You are very welcome, Rossanne! Enjoy your Saturday. 
Here's hoping for a productive Saturday!  Going to try to clear out as many things as possible, wish me luck! 
What a nice Saturday!  Time to enjoy it. 
crazy Vancouverites....running at 8am on a Saturday morning. I blend in quite well then!  Bye bye mountains, hello home of Grey's Anatomy!
Right, time's up... Diving back into my Saturday. Laters folks, have a good rest of weekend 
Enjoying my last Saturday as a Canyon Laker 
@jacquijs just enjoying my Saturday. Hope you're well 
Now this is what I call a Saturday... God love the sun 
is at jennifer's house. Feeling a lot better  EW tomorrow's Sunday :/
Saturday night and here it sit! Broken hearted and need to ----have some fun!  And you thought I was going to make a rhyme!  
Off for brunch... Hello Sunday! 
@janine_j9 Sunday lunch is always bacon,eggs,beans, boys have bubble&amp;squeak &amp; hash brwns too - Dave cooks 
@Mysticle wishing you a Great Weekend too..fancy that, i'm taking Sunday off too..Enjoy your day 
@Teecycle_Tim Sunday mornings @ 10am @ http://www.neutralground.tv/home.html I'll be there tomorrow. 
Sunny Sunday ahead. Will visit the airport to watch planes with DS. Just what a woman wants, but a mother does. 
Ladyhawke on cd, ironing. Sunday morning, seems good to me 
@Wossy morning JR, have a lovely Sunday, yesterdays show was excellent 
@firstdogonmoon Sunday Arts on ABC. I am next door to Royal btw. In Bondi tho. Dogs there too 
zzzzzzzzz ... then Terra Brunch in Malibu ! Come on folks.... beautiful weather on a Sunday.... come for brunch in Malibu 
@Rosie61 Ah but it is Sunday &amp; you like to live life on the edge lol. Come join me, you know you want too 
Sunday. Great for cleaning cars, chilling out and roast beef dinners 
@StressKitten Of course you can  Wish you a fabulous Sunday, Lisa
Cheese + Olives + Wine + Nerdism + Mr K = my preferred Sunday evening 
Enjoy your Sunday!!! 
Puppy is better. GREAT night in. All in all - it was a wonderful Saturday 
is finally having a normal weekend after 15 years.. today is Sunday - I am OFF 
Preparing for next Sunday's Sheffield Half Marathon, along with 5499 others. This week = CarboLoading. Pasta makes you faster 
Sunday Sunshine 
is watching House M.D. and relaxing  is there any better way to spend a Sunday?
Love Sunday morning wakeup coffee 
Panera, LCBC, Power Hour, lunch  .. I love you, Sunday!!
Loren DiGiorgi &quot;Prologue&quot; ? http://twt.fm/62980 A quiet lullabye for your Sunday morning 
is at the gym then off to cocoa beach for Sunday Funday 
@lifestyleoracle Thanks for the follow. Hope you're having a good Sunday 
quick stop at the grocery store for Sunday school snack and then to the church. Praying that everyone has a great morning! 
1st chance since I got up 2 tweet.  Morning all.  It's Sunday morning, praise God I made to another 
It's amazing sunny Sunday here in Edinburgh, so I am going shopping  And congratulation to Ashton beating CNN!!! x
@Wossy  now now, it's Sunday! LOL
Listening to U2: Beautiful Day -&gt; Sunday Bloody Sunday.  Appreciate how appropriate it is, plz 
G'morning! Cloudy Sunday, feeling verrry lazy. Coffee today: French Roast 
Sunday, sun is shining,  sitting in the garden and setting up 5 news WP Blogs -  not bad at all 
I'm having a quiet Sunday at home. Cooking roast pork a little later with all the trimmings 
Flight is delayed 15 minutes. Glad it is Sunday and I am in no hurry at all 
@BeckyMcCray Me too! (inre Sunday cleanup). Raising my tea cup to wish us both good luck 
Coffee seems to taste better on Sunday morning 
It's a do-nothing Sunday, before my world changes in 5 days when two of my closest friends move to ATL! 
Having a lazzy day; beer, snooker, F1 and exploring Twitter for the first time. Perfect Sunday 
pulling an &quot;All-Sunday&quot; at Radio Shack. Stop by and say hello! 
@ThisIsRobThomas good morning Rob...hope you have a great Sunday. 
Beautiful Sunday!! Brunch, relaxing, and resting!!!! 
Sleepy Sunday morning... enjoying the sunshine and warm weather.  
http://twitpic.com/3lfv2 - Sunday morning with The Wiggles. Heaven 
Sunny Sunday afternoon with a pint cold beer (old Hooky- yum!) the radio &amp; a chic-lit book. Does it get any better? I think not 
@postsecret Thank you for doing what you do. I always look forward to Sunday mornings now 
@kllatouf Thank you  I'm just recovering after the weekend. Doin some writing, listenin to some tunes. How bout yourself? Hows ur Sunday?
Velvet Underground's &quot;Sunday Morning&quot; seems the perfect song 2 wake up to this Sunday 
My boys like to beat each other, then complain.... Ahhh....Sunday morning! Pandora playing, kids fighting  me, chillin/tweeting/cleaning
Like www.BuzzOm.com - you can flush, grow or reciprocate followers really easily.  Hope you're all having a great Sunday 
Enjoyed walk through park in glorious sunshine,made early rise on Sunday almost worthwhile! Practising in sunny music-room 
good morning  How was everyone's Saturday night? couldn't sleep last night. still IN love. &lt;33
@donttrythis Watching you guys polishing poop... What better way to spend a Sunday afternoon? 
A great Queen song for a Sunday  ? http://blip.fm/~4l3d0
@Ambercat1 I'm taking a zumba class next week.  On a Saturay, just in case I can't move the next day I can sleep in 
The birth of the cool on a Sunday afternoon... Waking up early certain elongates the days  of the weekend  Why didn't I think of this?
Kickin' it with the fam..... I love my cousins  Nana is about to make us Sunday dinner.
@ToddKlindt Maybe we should have a SharePoint Saturday on xbox live some time... 
Hola twitters  hope u all are having an super Sunday !!!!!!!!
Grocery shopping on Sunday morning = free samples 
Shoe and Sangria Sunday is finally here!!! Come out and bring your friends 
enjoying a beautiful Sunday in Charleston 
@rrjaskie Someone said 75 on Saturday. Can't wait!  Looking fwd to a beautiful day for a nice, quick run 
So this is what sleeping in on a Sunday feels like! Making traditional Chinese breakfast- green onion pancake and sweet soy milk 
Sunday Mornings FTW- hot menz on motorcycles! YAY!! 
@KimPossible40 MMMMmmmm...enjoy!!! Hope you are having a great Sunday 
Chillin on a Sunday Afternoon 
@PushyPEI A good no-brainer movie suggestion for ya: anything MST3K-related. Perfect stuff for a laaaaazzzy Sunday (just like this one 
Taking Back Sunday makes me swing on my seat. 
@SweetOne76 Forgot to tell you, I rec'd your package on Saturday.  
Moves in from lunchtime on Saturday lunchtime... post Presence in Syd. Assistance will be paid in pizza... 
Exhausted! Not even far on the paper but it's bedtime! Yoga in the morning bright and early to make up for Saturday haha 
Reading yesterdays Sunday Times. Accelerated Compost had a write up. Phones going NUTS! Everyone wants to compost food waste in 14 days. 
I've been singing 'Sunday, Bloody Sunday' allllllllllllll frikkin day lol .. i'm hoping things will get better soon 
@AstrudRayograph Pleasurable business! Gig on Saturday night with lots of time for sightseeing and general enjoyment around that 
St George's Day party is confirmed: Naumi's pool bar, Saturday 6pm to 10pm. 
We might start a class for one of our Diplomacy major subjects this Saturday. Goodbye, vacation. 
Wooo @ #downloadfestival lineup! #wearetheocean wooo opening Sunday! 
@lollapaulooza hahaha   by the way - Sunday you two Paul, Koo-koo, will be there right? Dinner in the park.
@mrskutcher If your free this Saturday you should come to The Rescue 
@FoodStories amazing  I can't wait now, Im going there for lunch on Saturday! Willtry steak and burger
@koba206 Konnichiwa  have a nice Saturday!
Looking forward to a game of chess with Avi on Sunday 
@RhapsodyRebecca The fact that you're not working Sunday makes my life suck. Lol. Hope your weekend gets better. 
X-Men Origins on Sunday  &lt;333
I love Melbourne on a sunny Saturday afternoon  Good food, lovely weather and shopping!
Does anyone want to buy a ticket to Dylan Moran tonight (Saturday)? Make me an offer 
@bsilva I'm free between 3:30pm-5:00pm eastern tomorrow or anytime after 2pm on Sunday. Looking forward to chatting with you 
Spartanburg Spring Fling is going on downtown!! Saturday hours: 11AM-9PM 
Glasgow today &amp; Sunday for a weekend long Photoshoot  - www.catrionarennie.co.uk
Goodmorning  &lt;3 I love how it's only just Saturday. Lovely long weekend!
Home  in Sac til Sunday.
You know Dad's home when you can hear the faint sound of music from turntables upstairs on a Saturday morning.    
today i woke up,watched cartoons,Saturday Disney,Hannah Montanah, Wizards of Waverly Place,alice in wonderland, and then drew pictures. 
Glad Saturday is finally here! Looks like it's gonna be sunny too! 
Blue skies, Saturday morning, Bank Holiday weekend. I like this 
Is enjoying Saturday Kitchen on TV with the sound of Touch FM! An interesting mix 
Just woke up from an sms and my heart melted when i read it  &lt;3 Perfect start to a Saturday, going to work out in 20mins
@the_chouse that's today. First Saturday in May. On my way there now. 
@michaelgrainger going to enjoy a beautiful sun shiny Saturday free from marauding 5 yr olds. Bliss 
There's nothing like deconstructing the work of Jenny Saville on a Saturday morning. 
A nice bright and sunny Bank Holiday &quot;Saturday&quot;, and working my way through &quot;Stuff&quot; 
Lazy Saturday on the cards for me. Considering going to a beer festival in Battersea, but will most probably stay in watching DVDs. 
Laying in bed next to my bride with my 85 lb. dog laying on my chest licking my face.  No better way to wake up on a Saturday. 
is wishing all his followers a good Saturday morning. I am Duty Officer again at the Zoo, so looking forward to seeing aminals  Also...
Just got back to Drew, sister's party was amazing last night!! Saturday is finally here and its time to get Sloppy 
Saturday  WooHoo  Partytimee ...
Hubby, @bigdart, has the day off!!!  On a Saturday!!!  YAY!!  Fun family day ahead of us...after he finishes mowing the lawn!! 
1st Saturday in May  the run for the roses Churchill downs and mint julips   here's list of past winners  http://bit.ly/153tZs
@BillJacobs Yes, folks I follow can shell out quite a bit of &quot;mkting crap.&quot; Nice to see *some* become real peeps on Saturday 
is terrorising town again with Jack: Saturday coffee shops almost like old times with my bro... 
Time to get this Saturday started! Enjoy yours to the fullest, even if it's going to be full of chores. 
I've got a staircase to draw... Enjoy your Saturday tweeps! Carpe diem! 
@sarahmerion I like that quote alot! I will keep that in mind next time I enter a room. Hope you're having a good Saturday 
err guess will have to tuck myself in soon.Early day tmrw..yes,i know its Sunday but i hv another session to go.. 
What a gorgeous Saturday morning.  Must get out and enjoy it 
Bacon, haircut, workout and drawing naked ladies - ah, the perfect Saturday 
The usual Saturday morning at starbucks!  Movie next.  
Saturday practice.... I am over it. how cruel is it that he saves the worst for last? Thank god i have a meet next saturday 
Spent all day painting my new study! What a relaxing Saturday 
Loving the Saturday Sunshine 
xoxo  Hope you have a good Saturday!
It's another beautiful Saturday in Paradise...off to enjoy the day! 
Finally studying before Saturday night service at the Village 
Coffee, and www.hulu.com makes for a good Saturday 
Celtics and Manny both win! What a perfect Saturday sports night!!! 
Awesome Sunday to work 
Sunday Sunday!so i plan to prepare all the week's work today so that during the week it will be very little to no work  goodie!  GOD BLESS
@Fibrohaven You're most welcome. I try to do a set of 80s hits once a week, usually Saturday night. Glad you enjoyed it! 
Lookin forward to a Sunday of not workin too much. Just want to read and watch movies. 
Chocolate walnut cake and a scoop of vanilla ice cream...tht's the Sunday afternoon life 
Late post , Good Night world and i wish you all a wonderful Sunday  will broadcast tomorrow on Justin.tv
http://twitpic.com/4gv6y - Sunday lunch of the biggest burgers on the planet at Mount Kembla with @gauge101 &amp; @mrkimchi52 
@JasonBohata i need a scarf so fun, not for use in SG of course! and i drink soy cos i don't want to be wide awake  it's Sunday
I had a fun Saturday: Movies, dinner, malasadas and a walk around the neighborhood 
is eating Sans Rival ice cream on this hot Sunday afternoon.  What more can I ask for? 
Finally finised Lover Avenged!  Making Sunday lucnh today, come on yorkshire puddings!
Depending on what time zone you are, good morning/good nite..lol til later First Sunday loves to all my ppls and twippls 
Sunday;Refresh and Inspire to do greater things as Springs arrive like a lion  Happy Sunday
@ruhanirabin no you are!  Hows the Sunday so far?
@JoyAndLife Thank you so much for #ff and have a beautiful Sunday 
Big brownie pie!!!!! + watching dirty dancing! Nvm I love my Saturday night. LML 
Sunday morning... fryup, playing with iPhone 
Sunday big clean coming up woop woop! First coffee and fags 
Wow i dont think ive seen the world at this time on a Sunday, I'm liking what i see 
@stephenfry Morning Stephen! Having a nice Sunday? I am a fan of yours! 
Sweet dream lovies. I'm trying to fall asleep now. See you all Sunday night, miss you &amp; I'm finally feeling better! 
Wondering what's the Chef cooking for our Sunday brunch and listening to &quot;The boy from Ipanema&quot;... 
Sunday morning run, beautiful weather. Approx 6 miles in 56 mins with mucho hills  and the moose didn't attack anything! A good 1 i think
@shafto59 Lol, it's one household chore I love doing. I do washing every Sunday, so had to be done. Will get down to work after lunch 
Another beautiful sunrise over Lake Michigan...a good Sunday to each of you. 
Beautiful Sunday morning to all!!! 
Time to make lunch for my girls. Then off into town for coffee. You gotta love Sunny Sunday's 
Shipwrecked and finishing off my Textiles coursework that has to be in on Friday but im not going to be in school,im going to see Mcfly  
@annwhit sounds like a quiet Sunday, make the most of it, say hello to your Mum 
@mandlecreed The Harewood today. Can't beat it for Sunday Lunch. 
Waking-up bright and early on a Sunday. Feels good 
listening to Andrea Bocelli &amp; making Crema Pasticcera for mini strawberry flans...yum ! this is my kind of Sunday 
@Timberwolf123 happy Sunday to you as well!!! 
Doing what I do every Sunday morning.. Going to watch my two nephews at basketball 
Today's lectionary passages are awesome.  So powerful.  Very happy it is Sunday! 
Off to church soon, then breakfast, then home, then my cousin's baby shower! Busy Sunday lol 
Hello everyone  Its raining here, yuk.  But I hope everyone has a wonderful Sunday 
@SiriusMz_Stylez good morning and happy Sunday to you as well 
Sunday.....Coffee S~M~I~L~e 
Up waaayyy too early on a Sunday. Shooting with Ruby Redlocks at BluDoor today!! 
Valentino Rossi, you truly are the only reason to wake up on a Sunday morning 
@dustinphoto U are a rockstar! Wedding on Sat. and marathon on Sunday! My best wishes to you today! 
@ClaudeKelly Gmorning Claude! Have a nice Sunday, enjoy it  We have a sunny Sunday here in Sao Paulo/ Brazil! )
@inkihandmade I bet you are excited!  We've decided that lawn seats are the way to go. Hope you have a nice Sunday!
Off to lovely Sunday breakfast with friend visiting from Nashville 
Recovering from a lovely Saturday with my good friend food poisining. NHS utter toss, wouldnt even see me at hospital. good job im hard 
@ Mrsjohn1 Cleaning, cooking, laundry... you name it! Seems to be my Sunday ritual these days. 
@SandiNJ and so I leave you to the imagery whilst I work on earning that nickname! Have a lovely Sunday my dear! Talk at you again soon! 
@SamGaleRosen entirely too clever at 10:30 on a Sunday, SGR. 
@hatchmatik Epic Saturday.  
http://blip.fm/~5grt7 oh aye oh aye - do you know your enemy?! Heart is pumpin for a Sunday 
The sun is burning me up ! Best Sunday ever !! 
Beautiful morning all! Enjoy your Sunday!  
Sunday morning at Sarabeth's....recalling the highlights of the last 4 days.... 
Shoutouts to all my new followers! Hope ur having a great Sunday as much as I am! 
Sunday=busy day. Getting some things for VEGAS this coming weekend. 
It's a beautiful Sunday.  Sad the weekend is almost over.
Sunday noon, back from surf. Soundtrack: Snatch.  Overall mood: ENERGETIC 
http://tinyurl.com/4s6bg I love these - some Sunday afternoon Chemistry!! 
Tweeeeeeet... Just because. Happy lazy Sunday Sunday Sunday! 
@labelladiva enjoy your beautiful Florida sun! it is raining here! have a happy  Sunday 
@Laplandia Another great voice for you here! Hope you're having a great Sunday!  ? http://blip.fm/~5hkgf
home from church, waiting on Scott to get home so we can eat.  Durn Sunday meetings ... 
Sunday evening!! Oldest son is coming back from CISV week end, and let's start a new short week 
Gmorning evry1 Hope ur having a great Sunday 
Pasta, roast rabbit, white sauce &amp; beer....not the perfect match, but it's one way to wrap up a Sunday. 
Finally ...Sunday Lunch 
@almightygod Laundry was created to torture people, wasn't it   Wishing you a smite free Sunday 
SO happy to have Brian back  Off to enjoy our traditional Sunday trip to Costco!
@charmania House always has marathons on Sunday 
Cleaning house because we MIGHT have company later... listening to Craig playing keys in the garage.  Sunday perfection to me.
The best way for me to spend a Sunday?  Mama time.  
@joeymcintyre just teasin', ya know!  I'm happily enjoying this lovelllllyy Sunday! Might hit up the DQ. I need some ice cream.
@thatgirlmystic I'm coming to dinner next Sunday. Thanks! 
Sunday is the only day I wish I have a TV. So I can watch Amazing Race. Guilty pleasure... 
Dangit!! Latice got voted off Sunday's Best! That's ok-Latice I predict you're gonna be the Jennifer Hudson of Sunday Best!! Bump dem! 
Pool, drinks, ribs, good company...Sunday = Funday 
@Tsukihysteria Thanks   Graduation is on Saturday....and I only have one final...yay 
@drunkbrunch Any interest to join on tweetup brunch this upcoming Saturday? Promises to be fun! 
I love Sunday nights. Favorite night of the week, without a doubt! 
@mommy_grrl LOL...sounds like my Sunday night...what would our DH's do w/o us?? Go commando I guess. 
@missannajane Havana is pretty awesome. Matterhorn last Saturday of every month - The Eggs play 
Sweeeet Sunday..nighty night  ohh and uh no $$ left. 
@SincerelyCindy WIne last night...amazing!  It was a &quot;Full Service&quot; kinda Sunday 
@gianandrea all bank holidays are on Mondays in the UK... better than Italy where 1st of May could be on a Saturday or Sunday 
Had interesting WKND. Sleeping Saturday &amp; Productive Sunday!! 
@tommytrc The race was Saturday night. Jimmie didn't do so great. He's still in 3rd place 
@extremejohn @FLallday @hursty810 Caladesi was definitely a nice peaceful way to spend a Sunday! I got a lil tan! 
Fun at the water park then dinner at the rainforest cafe (all free!) then party tonight  pretty good Saturday I think.
@Praxilla My kids count down the days till Saturday. I hope it's something they remember all of their lives! 
so who is in for bring at HK lounge tomorrow ? $12 all you can drink till 5pm... then kareoke. I think it will be a nice Sunday! 
@Tellybelly1 Aww...thanks! He's the best husband ever. He really is. I'm so lucky!  Hope you're having a wonderful Saturday evening!
11:10pm on a Saturday... you know what that means! BEDTIME! 
is going to be in Cincinnati all day Sunday...visitin' with an old friend/brother from Korea, then a date with someone special 
Classic JT for a Saturday evening  http://bit.ly/LrzJr
@duckamin If it makes you feel any better.. My Saturday night is lame as well. I heart you 
@danielradcliffe Sunday and Mother's day! 
Sturday night live 
Will be going to Indiana Baptist Sunday, Pray for summer missionaries... 
Sunday my last day at apple but I won't be in. Come kick it with me at El FAROLITO 4817 mission street @ 730pm 
just woke up, having coffee, listening to Music, reading RSS...Sunday feels great 
Morning everyone! Hope you have a great Sunday!! 
Making yet another attempt to attend church on a Sunday morning!  Looking forward to it y'all.
So its Superstar Sunday? @pradeepto is one superstar I know   #sunday
@FlissTee I miss my cats.... But not on Sunday mornings! Mine did that to 
Nine o'clock on a Sunday morning - Outside, sat around the table enjoying the early rays of sun, reading Twitter article in Sunday Times 
G'morning Twitter World   A relaxing family Sunday methinks 
@Bleau thanks for the retweet, man  having a quiet Sunday morning... how's yours?
@simonusher fancy Sunday lunch in The Albion before the game? 
Getting ready to go to #Brighton to find myself a new suit from #GreshamBlake - Sunday = me time 
@ukcatalogue fabulous combination till A. It arrives, B. The bill comes! Fun chatting to you. Have a good Sunday! 
Up at 6am on Sunday... Going to meet my mom for breakfast at the beach! 
Up,dressed, and out the house for 11 am on a Sunday. Off to see the fishy fishys 
@MandyBookLover Same here, having a nice, quiet Sunday 
Huh, another ScarePoint coding Sunday 
just finished some Sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki's book so i can hit a cleaner 
just finished some Sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki's book so i can hire a cleaner 
Sunday morning and i realised im a film snob  as it said on MSN entertainment
Just got up and ready for Sunday.  V for Vendetta kicked ass btw. 
@Lenten Stargate Sunday sounds great! 
World vegan Day- Sunday, November 9th, 2009. Yay. 
Music to wake up this Sunday: the black ghosts - the repetition kills u 
Waking up Sunday morning in F-burg, enjoying a coffee before I set out on a run. PERFECT weather! Little sore from the ride yesterday 
Another lazy Sunday... another perfect day to shop Twitter feeds for cute boys. 
Sunday mornings always mean vanilla chai from Dunkin Donuts and going to see my grandpa  They're always good days.
@sharper11 That's what I'm talking about!  Great way to spend a Sunday.  
Right - the Sunday papers are calling. Will be back later... 
@molloyofficial It's Sunday, Ryan! Hope you've been to church! No more bone marrow transplants!  x
Feeding the people. 98 so far, so it's a busy Sunday. One of the men kissed my hand... He was grateful. 
It's Sunday morning around 7, and I feel like dancing? Weirdness 
I'm spending my Sunday in watching The Hills marathon, but will be watching Franky Lampard at 4 
Getting ready for Sunday! A Day-off! 
Very nice write up in the Sunday Express today - page 58 
@jaybranch heh, sounds like a classic Sunday lunch to me. Very easy to overindulge. But so nice. 
Lovely day for a Sunday afternoon Guinness at &quot;McCormacks&quot;  http://twitpic.com/4x5ay
@matthewhickey I know I hope so too!! Hope you're having a lovely Sunday at home with your mom 
got in a 2-1/2hr 47 mile hilly ride earlier this a.m on the Dean...awesome stuff as I prep for Galena Duathlon next Saturday 
Mothers Day Sunday.  About to feed my fat ass 
having a Grizzly Sunday 
The Progression 2 gig on Saturday night was awesome 
Sunday night solo jam sesh with Taylor.  http://robo.to/tredacinque
Spoke to @wonderwillow until my phone died.   It's been a good Sunday
We went out Friday and I met up with her Saturday afternoon also. It was so much fun and I was completely sober!! Awesome for you kijana 
It feels SO GOOD to be a graduate!  Loving my Sunday for the first time in a loooooong time 
Fun Saturday Night downtown.  &amp; a hot to mild Sunday O-O
really loves Ponderosa - www.myspace.com/ponderosamusic - Come see them this Friday and Saturday nights in Brooklyn!!! 
@la_dolly_vita At work  Speedy recovery from high fever flu caught on Sunday. Sick leave at home well spent sleeping &amp; relaxing some more.
@DavidArchie Omygosh David you were so great a while ago! I can`t wait for Saturday. 
Working on music. GIg at Beacon  Friday, A Wedding in Cocoa Beach  Saturday, a wedding in Daytona Sunday and then HoB here Sunday nite. 
can't wait for Saturday. Date with B in the afternoon. Post-bday celeb with highschool friends in the evening!  *looooves*
hi David. wish you all the luck on your concert this Saturday. i'll be definitely expecting a great show from you.  @DavidArchie
Looking forward to birthday 7course meal at PURNELL's tomorrow then taking pics at the rainbow! The gallows on Saturday 
Just booked a Sunday ticket to Krabi. Beautiful beach, British babe, here I come! Life is good  #LIP
@bobbiewan good, good - working on Sunday which will be a bit of a pain, but otherwise easing back into the Sydney life  how've you been?
@JLynnPro o0o0o0ooo What'cha got planned for the weekend? I'm going to Santa Cruz on Saturday! 
@jayandjack Will on Sunday 
Sunday Paper and coffee. I love this tradition  However, I fear the grasp of reading a newspaper is fading. Auto advertisements will stop.
Kaya Soul Sunday 
Perfect Saturday night: sprawled across my bed in my pajamas reading a good book with just a lamp on. No tv or anything 
good morning twitterverse.Cleaning up is the call for Sunday morning . I am upto it after a coffee 
Working on Sunday is never fun. Working on Sunday without pay is downright painful. No complaints though, glad to have a job! 
@robangeles Easy Sunday  recharging for a hectic week ahead. How about you? What do u do btw?
Superb Sunday - five fab Etsy finds  http://bit.ly/PM4LG
Back after the 5-ish KM walk (yes, we parked near good dog friendly pub), so probably 7km walk. Champers, rain, dogs - awesome Sunday! 
I have survived the evening. Looking forward to my lazy Sunday tomorrow. 
Of all things I decided on The Family Stone to watch at 3am on a Saturday night.   Ciao bitches ;-D
Lazy Sunday- awesome day! Looking forward to kicking back to Merlin 
Sunday at Home 
had a wonderful Saturday.....now I'm ready for Sunday!! Oooo I believe this week will be a glorious!! 
Sunday FTW! Painted a bit of walk in record time! 
SNL made my life... Sunday is a new day 
@Nettys A Sunday withoutpapers?Imposible,  ? http://blip.fm/~6gfjj
@mayhemstudios Hey wassup? Hope you're having a cruisey Sunday 
@mitchelmusso My Saturday was AMAZING 
Easy like a Sunday morning 10 mile run with my son Luke on his bike next to me 
Sunday  Off to church.
Up bright &amp; early! Justin is coming over in a little while. Lazy Sunday 
@TwoSquaredEnt Saturday was eventful now I'm plowing through Sunday. Next weekend I'm veggin'. You &quot;chill&quot; today  Dr's orders.
Sunday Twitter Comics @ http://bit.ly/vksfH   -  Ahahahahah 
@Tsaksonakis  fantastic, I never manage to progress to the Sunday press. Rain stopped, grass very green &amp; outdoors calling...... 
@mrsredboots very much so.  Thanks for the sympathy and good wishes  Hope you're having a lovely Sunday.
Aaaah. Rainy Sunday morning!  Coffee and the Sunday paper in bed.  I'm becoming SO self indulgent!  
Afternoon all - hope you're having a good Sunday.  Am making up commissions this afternoon - its a great excuse to play with beads 
Champagne and pork scratchings. Sunday rocks 
Check this weeks radio show and tracklisting at www.globalsouljah.com or www.globalsouljah.podomatic.com, perfect Sunday listening 
@avidrhl I like ST. Accessible to all, homage for fans. Watching Sunday Morning now. 
@mikebrice I didn't think anyone else would be up this early on a Sunday  Definately nice to relax all Sunday after a wedding.
Waatching perfect Sunday afternoon movie... Madagascar 2... I like to move it move it 
Usually Sunday. Chilled. Eurovision last night, well done Jade! I actually took a pic of when we were second!  x
- Okee doke. Going to make snack and get ready for our Sunday Home Church  Hubby is in Dallas, so no way to go anywhere this morning!
@drjoesDIYhealth  - I hope you enjoyed a wonderful Sunday!! Mine is just beginning ...
Rise and shine everyone. May you all enjoy your Sunday. 
Second to last Sunday in Minnesota!!! 
@eleven8 thats good to hear.   Its ok. Sunday I slow down &amp; just work on certain things. Kinda hungry lol
I'm loving my Sunday hangover....feel so relaxed, so stuffed from my junk food fix....now Britain's got Talent is on 
On my way to Music Sunday at my church. 
Another rainy Sunday... so I'm watching Twilight!!!!!! 
Off to Niagara-on-the-Lake on a beautiful Sunday. 
Watching Fringe on hulu while Ari sleeps, snuggled against me in her &quot;daddy sling&quot;.    I could get used to Sunday.
@jimthomlinson  My Sunday is complete now I've reset the pressure in mine. E-on man showed me how to twiddle my knobs. Fab! 
Goooodmorning!!   Lazy Sunday I love ya!!  Who wants to watch Dane with me tonight?!!
Sunny Sunday. 
Subway, cherry chapstick, and a softball game in the cold. Can't imagine a better way to spend a Sunday afternoon 
Gorgeous day here! Getting ready to go for a long drive - enjoy your Sunday! 
Says today is not Sunday, but Ross and Lisa Day 
Nice laid-back song for a Sunday by one of my favorite Japanese bands.  ? http://blip.fm/~6gyvd
Sunday Funday.  Going out with Veronica soon.
It's 1 in the afternoon on a Sunday..&amp; the best part about it is I'm drunk at work off Champagne   http://twitpic.com/5ddbt
@azandiaMJBB  @ZAGrrl  Hang on, ladies!!  We'll be in Minnesota next Saturday and Illinois next Sunday!!!  
worked half-Sunday on 1 button and 10 lines of CSS. time for some break! 
Listening to Room for Squares by @johncmayer is the best way to start my Sunday. 
is enjoying a lazy Sunday watching 'chick flicks'...looking forward to a nap later - perhaps a nap at the park with Bruno 
No rest for the wicked. Sunday evening and orders to fill. Can't complain though 
Wishing everyone a beautiful Sunday...Enjoy! 
fixing to take a cat nap on this rainy damp cold Sunday afternoon...Erica, I will call later this evening  have a great day...
Love going 2 church on Sunday morning, especially when it's sunny and 65! 
Lazy Sunday morning... thinking about joining a pickup game in the afternoon... 
Relax, it's Sunday 
@musicgeekchic @bonniebrown So how are the Illinois music tweeps doing this Sunday? 
Just finished one of Sunday afternoon's most critical priorities -- a nap!  Slept deeply enough to wake up wondering what day it was 
Hope everyone is having a good Sunday afternoon! 
@cheeky_geeky Local follower. But on a Sunday night? Not a lot.  Lots of bars &amp; lounges downtown, just won't be that busy.
working for uni on a Sunday afternoon. God thanks it's cloudy and cold 
Sunday Chill Session.  CLICK. -&gt; http://www.blogtv.com/people/skinnyblackguy
The game. Some packing. Risse's grad lunch/dinner. A great relaxing Sunday planned 
@MattBaseballGB Cool, just checked and that's it for them until Sunday. I'll look out for your recommendations, got it spot on last night 
doing my usual Sunday ritual. Family and food 
tired! and drunk and oh wait drunk! lmao well it's Sunday and I just talked to KRAMER! now its time to get out of bed and go pee pee! 
Graduation Sunday! Eating lunch with the soon-to-be family 
Aahh such a lazy Sunday. I should get out of bed soon &amp; be more productive huh? 
@lilandtedsmum ah bless her  I came home and had a nap. Now watching BBC costume drama. How Sunday is that!?
Welcome to ?70s Sunday?  &quot;It Never Rains in California - Albert Hammond&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~6hu3y
just spent some serious cash at Zia records and is happy!!! I love record shopping on a Sunday 
this Saturday-Monday I have a volleyball tournament with my church in Santa Clara! so excited! 
@ashleynewcomb Sunday just sped by, didn't it? Somehow I've gotten in 1500 wds on the UF.  Hope your muse comes back quick.
@iMiggles Are you ready for Saturday? ;) Can't wait. 
My boyfriend memorizes lyrics super fast, its surprising. running tomorrow. thank @damnnANGELA  for the push. Amazing Sunday 
What a perfect day. Studied for five hours then had volleyball with sisters and friends. Couldn't have asked for a better Sunday. 
Partied myself sick all weekend, Saturday had a few friends over and watched Lynch's 'Eraserhead'. One weirdass movie but I loved it 
For whatever reason, I can't ever sleep Sunday nights. Thank goodness for Quake Live 
Earthquake!!  well around 8:42 pm on Sunday
3 doors down and Flyleaf this Sunday, yayy  Nice chance to get out and chill
Apparently the new &quot;stuff&quot; won't show up on MSDN until later in the morning if at all. I'm going to bed, it's Sunday after all 
@10rdBen It's like a Saturday morning American TV show from the 80s 
Thinks the Dance4 CAT auditions went really well on Saturday - lots of decisions to be made 
anyone willing to lend me their USB Modem for Friday/Saturday? 
DENIM this Saturday and Sunday, Camp Banksia, Port Sorell. And yes, we will be ready 
@MrsKerryKatona Kerry you are amazing! cant wait till next Sunday till i watch your show again  xxxx
Wow, where did the weekend go? It was a good one: my work put on a baby shower for The Mrs. &amp; I; we hosted a Saturday party; Wings win.  
@shanedawson I think the video on Saturday will be immense. Can't wait 
Wasabi-gasms galore were had Saturday night, in the presence of a beautiful woman. I wonder if love for fish was on my 'list'. It is now 
@binnsy I'll have to visit. Heading in to Minotaur on Saturday, btw 
@RealAdamLambert Cheers to you and Kris! I watched the two Davids live last Saturday, so I hope you can come to the Philippines too! 
@emgrant  hey there sorry missed your tweet from Saturday &amp; there are always plenty more fridays  Trip going well but so busy. How are u?
http://mobypicture.com/?pgymu0 Sunday Lunch leftovers again  Granose 'chicken' loaf, stuffing, roasters, parsnips, carrots, broc. YUMMY!
@martine2323 which planet has it as Sunday,madam,' cause I'm pretty sure we're still on Saturday over here in Durham, NC 
Florida is calling me, 3 weeks from Saturday! Yay! I need a break and some fun 
@Ronda_Levine Sunday was really nice thankyou, I went out for an amazing Italian meal and spent the afternoon songwriting in the country 
Good morning twitterverse!  VERY busy weekend this weekend.  Saturday was all Wii.  Sunday was all work.   Hope everyone had a great one!
Isn't Sunday supposed to be a day of rest? Kidding - just lacking sleep. Kelly and I had fun this weekend. Zach had a great birthday 
@vendorprisey Bit off top form here too, group ride to Gourdon and back on Sunday, 3 hours 75 k, 1200 or so vm. But nice and warm it was 
Huge weekend...great gig Saturday...Mrs. graduated yesterday and she started a new job this morning.  I barely functioning this morning 
I'm awake, but not for long! Mondays are my Saturday. Hubby has to work today though, so I got up to make his lunch 
Ran a 10k on Saturday. Jusin pushed the boys and stayed with me most of the time. Next time he is running for him  I run too slow,
Busy, busy work week ahead - but Kenny concert on Saturday!  Looking forward to a good time! 
@ZiiGGie I'm planning to stay home on Sunday&amp;go shopping at South Coast Plaza on Saturday  You?
@nandinih  See you on Sunday! 
Everyday is Like Sunday uplifts me towards a day at work, from which I get to leave an hour early - see, sometimes it's the little things 
@snarkrumpus  Sup G?! how's things? been super busy the past couple of weeks! Home soon...promise!  GP Sunday! woop woop! x
@liverpoolweath Gaming day tomorrow then lol And then out for some fresh air on Sunday then. 
is pumped...Andrea arrives tomorrow, Coz and Sara Saturday, then a Memorial Day BBQ Monday.  
Greyhound only play-date this Saturday. Can't wait!!! Roooooooo!!  Wonderful rain &amp; cool temps through Saturday. I can live with that. 
@EB93 WOW!! its awesome!!!  good luck my friend! see u on Sunday 
is in NYC until Sunday night. i'll update this through my cell. text me! 
#pairwithus Saturday (tomorrow) starting 11:30am BST (GMT+1) at http://pairwith.us/live continuing for most of the day 
We are having a wrecking party this Sunday @ 16:00 Join destructing an artpiece!  #art #destroy http://www.hotelmariakapel.nl
Edinburgh on Sunday we're going through about 2 in the afternoon and staying over at Martynoshizzle's sister's old flat 
 I'm going to the Emirates on Sunday for Arsenals last game of the season. Club level  seating
Going to the museum for 'Zoo Lab' on Sunday. 
Dont forget that Saturday is #underapound day  http://140characters.co.uk/
@McFanpire Yes but Tony defo sucks  Yes, I meant Sunday sorry ^^'
Hope everyone has a really happy and safe memorial day Weekend. I am dissapearing until Tuesday  starting NOW!!!
The HEAT is is on this week-end &amp; I am so looking fwd to da IPL semis &amp; the FINALS!!!C'mon Sunday(1st time I ever said that) 
Lazy Sunday - The lonely Island. yay 
@theblizzards Brilliant!  thats my Friday night sorted! Dont forget to say hi too Rosscarbery
I'm going to Calgary Sunday evening to see @caribouboy. 
@Ali_Sweeney Doing some paintings for a client, and dinner with friends Sunday.  
got her new running shoes!  YAY!  Running starts up again on Sunday   Very happy!
is doing her monthly update on Twitter......new car next Saturday and a bicycle soon! That's all my news 
@IndyTalk what a fantastic crowd!! Can't wait for Sunday 
thinking about going to Wildwood on Sunday 
Long Memorial weekend... Dodgers game/Venice beach on Sunday and Viper Room Monday night. Good times  Ready for some sleeeeeep.
@BroadwayImpact Nice video from last Sunday! Rally was great tonight 
I'm so excited bout this Saturday! Hope Fatin can make it this time 
Camped at Mount Charleston Sunday night 
@alliecine  Saturday!!   Woot Woot  I am treating my self to a concert .. hahaha and a comedy show this weekend
@codejammer : yeah man... I cant wear the same red from Saturday morning till Suinday mid night.. Mallya shud have given me jerseys.. 
Leaving Sunday for the Beach!! 
Looking forward to going home this Sunday  Meeting my long high school friends, bonding, this is gonna be fun!
@StanPacHomesRal - &quot;show us where you live Friday&quot; could be a cool &quot;Show us your Stan Pac Home Saturday&quot; series 
@caity_dee Haha np!  once you get into Twitter you'll love it, oh and btw you should visit me Saturday I'm working 11-7 ugh! lol
@jhicks  i will think of you on Sunday!   Who are you by the way?  i am Val.
is not looking forward to work in the morning, but that's okay, because I'm going to see No Doubt with Tedward Saturday. 
Mission accomplished. I've done enough revision for today, and on Sunday I'll work on my project. It's turning out nicely 
@dariusbashar Are you doing the World Partnership Walk on Sunday too, I think I saw you on the blog? We're doing it with @karmacakedotca 
@chadfu Well bust ass all week and we'll party on Saturday or Sunday.  haha.    Drinks again?
I hope the sun lasts til Sunday. Having our first BBQ of the year for my daughter's birthday (fingers crossed) 
Taking Back Sunday in 4 days  !! 
@taylorswift13's  Dateline Special Airs Sunday (31st) at 7/6c.  We've been teasing it on Channel 4 here in Nashville! 
Laggan on Saturday anyone 
is looking forward to Champions Day at Old Trafford on Sunday - any journalists that would like to attend please tweet me 
Saturday night fever is on amc. Tune in! All time classic! 
