Most common words for this cluster:
[('sunshine', 244), ('thunder', 178), ('storm', 144), ('rain', 129), ('storms', 120), ('sun', 112), ('rainy', 80), ('sunny', 73), ('wet', 66), ('degrees', 58), ('weather', 45), ('day', 37)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'rain', 0.7530921101570129), (u'sunshine', 0.7381985187530518), (u'Increasing_cloudiness', 0.7311199307441711), (u'WEATHER_Rain', 0.7305809855461121), (u'sun_shines_brightly', 0.7286027073860168), (u'chilly_temps', 0.7174366116523743), (u'Warm_temps', 0.7126699686050415), (u'warmer_temps', 0.7089368104934692), (u'Mild_temps', 0.7079684138298035), (u'WEATHER_Sunny', 0.7062268853187561)]





sooo sick of the snow  ughh
i don't like lukewarm showers 
@FoxWhisperer clean, but it resulted in the soft top beaing soaked wet, so I couldn,t open it  should be dry now
wondering where the sunshine went 
it's raining outside. looks like snow but it's raining 
@whatdamnnick well, the problem with rain here is that it comes with extreme coldness. 
@Shadez err the storm has ended. not sure who's been devastated more 
@mileycyrus god we have a blizzard here 
@duncn Our stormy-ness has moved on 
ughhhhh its snowing  spring is such a tease
Still very cold and snowy and working late 
@wisteela sunny and windy here now the rain didn't last long 
@annemarie0605 How an earth can you be in fab mood when its raining? it started raining when i was on the bus, now my feet are all wet!!! 
@TickleMeJoey when I read freezing, I think of -2 degrees. Its april here, and it wont stop snowing... 
@SugaWright it is soOo windy here!! I don't like this, at all! Not what I signed up for. 
Five minutes of sunshine to melt the snow, back to windy and gray again.  
@chadengle yea, we're actually getting some snow flurries on south ridge right now. 
is bored - stuck inside after the snow storm, nothing on TV 
Working till 2.   It looks like we are going to have more rain and gray skies.  Wish I could get back in bed
Loves the sunny weather but is learning lines  Looking forwards to S's tonight, drinks and brownies!
@sloshy42 I miss you 
Getting ready. Missed the sunshine  Not happy
i want it to rain! just liddo sprinkles right now 
@SylviaLU 52 degrees and chilly!! 
sitting her relaxing and enjoying hearing the rain hit the window..flooding outside, so i can't go to shop 
More rain.   Its not fun to be stuck inside with two kids with unending energy.
Lots of hurt trees in our yard from the 14 or so inches of wet snow. 
@mittopotahis awww that's sad  i saw them in '07 and it was during a lightening storm, but as soon as they came out it stopped. weird
some sun, clouds, rain!... no,again.. some sun, clouds, rain!... again.. 
where's the sunshine gone? 
rainy and windy  off to had dinner with jav (at least i think so...)
eeeek!!!!  thunder and lightning.....  
I hear thunder. I don't like thunder 
0-0!!! Lightning and thunder... 
I should be out in the sunshine, but I'm inside working instead 
Lunch stop and enjoying the brilliant hot sunshine 
Now it's like 20 degrees cooler. 
should really be out in the sunshine - so much work to do 
 no more sunshine...?
Another glorious cloudy and rain-filled day... And I'm spending it in a room with no windows. 
What is this sunshine and heat that people are speaking of? 
@chrisblake sun no uppy here- clouds &amp; winds we gots tho    you'll have to shine for all of us!
The warmth and the sun have returned.  transplanting strawberries today, may do that as a story for the show.  lost a daphne this winter 
umm, my sunshine went away  please come back?!
I hate low humidity.. I can't breathe anymore 
sunshine, shades, tunes...and a sprained ankle 
Reading outside.. Where's the sunshine? 
@anumvighio *sigh* It's over now. It was just a big blow of sand storm 
@PaulDale67 its overcast and grey here 
gorgeous sunshine in liverpool....but back to uni 
is looking at the lovely sunshine outside 
is loving the sunshine shame i have to go back to work  x
is back.  Loving the sunshine but can't find the cushion for her sunbed so is inside 
im loving the sun, so going to read my peter kay , the sound of laughter book and make the most of it as its forcast rain tomoz 
its 45 degrees here..damm hot 
i miss sunbathing and teabiscuits at clyde wind 
blah i hate rain, i wanna b outside in the sun but i cant seem to find it 
is missing all the sunshine  i hate working!!!!
had a nightmare @3am, couldn't sleep, crabby and tired, forgot my glasses, and it's cold and rainy ... where's my 76 degrees?! 
had a nightmare @ 3am, couldn't sleep, crabby and tired, forgot my glasses, and it's cold and rainy ... where's my 76 degrees?! 
Is loving the sunshine, but wishes i didn't live in a flat 
Trying to work outside in the sunshine...but can't see my screen! 
ewww its gloomy and rainy.. 
Its rainy and cold 
it's 7am and the weather is looking a tad shady. Where's the sun gone?  x
rains and thunderstorms in the middle of the summer?  i wish there was a way we could reverse global warming!
why does it have to be 95-100 degrees again?? 
@shinytoyguns at least you probably have sunshine 
is looking at the sunshine from her desk 
good morning sunshine........eerrr....wait....good mornin yucky rain 
it is far too windy to go float around in the jacuzzi. wind, you make bunny sad 
WTF, y is it raining sssooo hard. Its may flowers NOT may showers! 
@ronda21080 we are not going to be able to to bc it's going to storm 
the wind makes scary noises 
this storm is so annoying - my internet gets so dodgy in a storm... 
I want Pushing Daisies back already   It was my warm cup of cocoa on a rainy day.
listening to music... its windy outside 
ahhh - sunshine...but that means gardening too 
is hoping the sprinkles go away soon 
I want to go out and do something but it's cold and rainy and foggy  
i can be wilder than the wind - 120mph..... but tonight im stone cold sober 
the sunshine outside is torture when I am trapped inside, covered in grease and tomato sauce... kitchen = no fun on sunny days 
what no sunshine 
oh dear, the sun has just been concealed by a nasty looking black cloud. So much for nice weather 
had a blast visiting tilly on the sunny coast , i miss the coast!!!!  stoked for public hol tomorrow- sleep in woop!!
@irishpixie36 we have 35 kts of wind  With gusts 
This storm is scary 
I love the sound of rain and thunder. Unfortunately my poor puppy hates it 
Where's the sunshine gone!????  #fb
woke up because of the storm 
why does the sun shine on a weekend? - the beach will be crawling with people  - i want a sunny weekday when kiddies are in school
I't sunny outside, so paperwork or gardening? 
I literally just devoured them, they were starting to go soggy already 
I'm cold (N), had to hang washing out in PJssss; it's hot in the sun but when the wind comes -shivers- 
5:30am storm passing over but lite rain &amp; thunder ..we might not hav power until this evening ..it could b bad when d sun shines 
The suns gone and looks like rain 
It's so beautiful outside, I don't want to spend it indoors 
Accuweather now says it's going to rain on my wedding day. 
It is still raining and more storms are moving in........  
watching the storm 
It's so rainy and wet here. 
@ZeeColdwater You sound like you could really use some of the excess sunshine we are having here. 
still at just over 100 degrees 
i'm off now  bye twitterland *waves* xx
playing WoW again :&gt; rainy outside boooooooooring 
@iEllie  I love thunder storms !!! we dont get much of  them here  U R so lucky !!!!
@annamars  we need sunshine  then it will be pretty  =]
what happened to the rain? hot and stuffy 
enjoying coffee. sunday and rain. ho hum so much for outdoor ride 
@alyssa8810 I am right with you there sunshine  
arranging meeting with mayor #alanya, by the way, i lied about the sunshine, its raining here 
It's windy. And I don't like scary wind noise 
back in rainy scotland 
holidays are over..back to work  raining outside..i need a umbrella!
no waves 
sad its been raining....where has the sunshine gone? 
Misses the sunshine 
@becauseofb i'm not the only one driving. :p now, there's lightning and thunder too 
I really hate rainy dayss especially when i have trailer classes. 
Waiting for my second wind . . . I don't think it's coming.  
Candles lit in case all this loud thunder and insane rain causes my power to go out. I hope not 
im scared its real windy outside and the wind is blowing through a crack in my window and making scary noise 
Just woken up and have been commanded to study, which usually I'd agree with- but of's sooo sunny outside  I feel a thunderstorm later
sunshine sunshine sunshine... But got loads of work to do 
The sun us shining back home but there is oil seed rape in the field behind and I feel so sick with the smell 
I am being a daredevil and washing my dry clean only futon cover!  The new one is actually toooo big.  
What a day, warm, sunny, blue skies.. had to cut the grass, so tiring, wrecked... now to study  I hate my life so very very much.
what happened to the sun?this morning it was all shiny and warm and nice, now???grey,cold,windy 
gutted that the sunshine went and it has rained ever since 
was outside knitting in the sun but the smell of jeyes fluid from next door is a bit over whelming! i can smell it indoors now too 
i miss thunder storms 
@alindeman No degrees awarded here yet 
There was no tornado 
i'm bored. this storm is scary 
wow its hot and rainy 
We're driving into a bad storm 
Overcast 
Bad storms 
it's cold and wet and i want snuggles 
On the way to work in webs car cloudy and wet 
this storm is scary  i just want to sleep and for it to stop. =/
hates storms and just wants to sleep 
Where has the sunshine gone 
I'm all wet 
It's a rainy rainy day. I can't wear my cute new sunglasses. 
i hate thunder storms 
I think I should go outdoors more often... I miss sunlight.. 
dust storm outside! looks like i can't go swimming 
welcome to Winterpeg again!!! 
@MelissaFrancis LOL the humidity is what kills me 
literally sprawled out on my drive, revising english stuff. i wish the sun was on the grass though 
listening to taylor swift songs; theres a storm outside 
@OriginalOG weather is very wet, thunder storms and about 15 degrees Celcius today crappy seeing as it is our long weekend 
Where's the sunshine gone? 
@jaybranch We will get blue skies in between those showers but there is a fairly brisk wind that will make it feel a bit chilly at times 
ive just got soaking wet walkin round a carboot sale 
On my way to the park. I was going to lie in the sun, but with this rain, aint gonna happen! 
so rainy, so cold 
@handmadeinpa mornin'! it's a little rainy out there...  
@sunshine_ can't take lemsip, makes me vomit 
brrr...it's cold out  I want breakfast......
@lucyolivia93, or wind. Or generally low temperatures 
@l3xi3sunshine are you mad at me 
The sun dont shine forever  so when the rain comes grab an umbrella and hold me like you'll never let me go 
wants a sunny long weekend..not a snowy-freezing one 
Its so pretty outside and I'm stuck indoors 
Just got home after a total of 9 hours sitting in a car. The sun was splitting the sky with 25 degree heat. Not a good mix 
At work on a horrible wind swept rainy morning 
Ohmylordy. The thunder &amp; the winds scaring me   lolll
@ArsenalGirl wet and windy in london right now 
it is really difficult to pass from 35C sunny to 15C rainy! 
so colddddd and rainy  .......but i like it :p
pray to god to switch temperature effect on all dudx.. its so cold here 
Why is still raining and windy? and how come my wife now goes mountain biking more than me??? This is so not right 
Not as dry this morning as would have liked  lot of moisture on the dune grass this am meant me and the dogs came home soaking wet!
Man I wanna be a pilot, so I could see the sun everyday, sick of this rain now 
@aussiecynic good here - rainy and windy though 
@cookiemonster82 Yes its 30C with no wind and very strong hot sun!But I'll be inside all afternoon sadly 
I can't believe it was 20 today and now there's wet snow falling outside my balcony. Why do they make global warming sound warm? 
ah I hear thunder!! 
@clement006 Not me I'm afraid 
@california: try 101 degrees plus humidity!  and I have no A/C... and I'm getting mosquito raped. 
40 degrees ? WHAT ? 
I just took the trash can around front Its cloudy  mr.sunshine plz come back out &amp; make it warm again..
@SandraBernhard its windy out here 
@camcbay take me there! i've been waiting 4 snobiz to open  i'm craving snow cones!!!
@KManCOBHC wants that sunshine as well...only grey and windy here  (not me)
Just finished the exam :| je tres difficile  agh, its all rainy and wet..
Bryns shaking like an earthquake cos of this stupid storm 
@babygirlparis it's raining here  booo. i need some sunshine!
Is cold + rainy 
wind is annoying 
@mileycyrus did u feel it- was it not really scary? is 5.0 bad? lol never felt an earthquake b4! lol. just lots of storms! 
I have a wet bottom. 
@augustwester bah we just have sunshine = no internet activity at all 
@sassacassie That little breeze turned into big gusts that cooled down the temp into the 60s.  oh well it was nice while it lasted
can't figure out her icey 
aint no sunshine when's she's gone 
heavy raining and traffic jam, the perfect match! 
I'm not ready for it to be 90 degrees 
brrrrr...it's wet and windy out there. why can't i come inside? 
sneezing, sneezing, &amp; sneezing some more.. yay! sunny day! blast! that means high pollen count 
@TreeinCally I'm still smiling but the sun is still being shy! At least no rain! I've just got a coffee thanks, but it's instant 
@keelowlow  all weekend but in the high 70s and cloudy. I feel like a real weatherwoman lol
Sitting at wishing she was out in the sunshine!!!! 
I officially hate florida and rain! uh!!! we're under flash flood warnings here in daytona. beach days were ruined!!! 
I want to be out in the sunshine getting better rather than stuck here 
is sad that it looks like the sunshine is going away  #fb
its sooooo cloudy outside 
@mindtechnica was sitting outside enjoy the warm sun, but slight cool breeze and nature...... until battery died on the laptop. 
Looks like it's gone rain!! I miss the sun!!  about 2 catch up on some shows I've missed!!!
30 degrees out 
wants to know whyyyyy the sun is refusing to show his face and insists on hiding behind big ugly clouds of rain  hello mr weatherman?!
My little sunshine (my dog) needs some serious attention right now and I have no energy to give it to him 
@goldnl - damnit power went out... wind + soggy ground = 
@w4lucy jealous of your storms!! We haven't had a single good storm this year!! 
Does not like thunder. 
thunder is scary 
This lightening is scary!!  
i hate that i don't like ball point pens because my france journal got wet in the rain and now i can't read the top 1/4th of most pages 
I hate driving in storms 
This lightning storm is so amazing right now. Only downside? If it rains, it's going to be humid as hell for a few days 
i was fast asleep,and a stupid thunderstorm woke me up,i can't get back to sleep 
@mattkbrown okay, i'll give you that... but i love storms! sorry about the postponed/cancelled graduation.. 
is thinkin right bout this time with lightnin n thunder storm it b nice 2 have a boi 2 cuddle with 
i hate storms 
i think the vog is making me sicker than i think. feeling slightly achy 
I hate the new mt dew commercial..the one with a giant mosquito..it scares me and grosses me out all at the same time. 
ah thats better snow patrol! now to be stuck indoors  still weekend coming up and fresh air excellent hope its sunny!
@anttoekneeeeeee with 14mph winds!! 
@naughtymutt ... an explosion of them? in the late eighties we had very odd weather and instead of them migrating the wind blew them back 
awhile ago it freaking hot! now it's wet  turn off!
@TheMandyMoore good morning sunshine. sleepytown is sleepy. 
Feeling very undervalued and neglected. Not even the sunshine is pulling me out this lul. 
off to work! missing out on all the sunshine! 
it's almost june and i'm bundled up because of this nasty ass weather! i just want to lay in the sun on the patio near the roses 
@rachellee625 a wet and dirty one now 
I wouldn't mind some sunshine and a walk. Where are you, summer?? 
@kellychiello i know  but the weather's clearing and suppose to be nice sat and sun
@OGBERRY cold and rainy 
not looking forward to driving in this storm. 
@KourtneyKardash noo  I'm in miami and I just wanna lay out in the sun..but the rain has stopped me 
Ahh its so gloomy out  I'm pretty sure I just heard thunder eeeeeeek.
@marginatasnaily i missed the sun as was too busy gettin hot and bothered in the shops  will have to make up for it at the weekend! x
@crystalchappell &quot;we'll do lunch&quot;  uhh...indoors though we are having a thunderstorm rolling in 
90 degrees, gross skies, and thunderstorms...perfect match for my mood  lol
oooh, sunshine! A patch of sunshine! And it will be gone by the time I leave work and replaced with rain.  /vent
@RyaNakaTheR i havent been out west since 07...i think i picked a bad wknd b/c its overcast out here tho 
@Japes_76 haha.  weird?!?  no sunshine for us 
I hate thunder and lightning! 
Wish I brought some warmer clothes. It's chilly here.  only negative thing about the trip (&amp; the no sun which is connected to chilliness)
@LilEmoBoi warm and wet  spent the day carpet cleaning the yacht
its about to storm..soo much 4 goin out  ..ill just play on the net for awhile
i hate storms. 
I spoke too soon, a nasty thunderstorm just came out of nowhere..I got soaked making a quick run to the store!! 
here comes the storm.....ackkkk 
its stormy 
aww, the storm is moving away 
@helena_horror I like thunderstorms, but they scare the shuzzle out of me  I prefer plain ol' rainstorms. 
tummy storm 
it's going to storm. 
Wow... It's 18 degrees outside already? That doesn't look good 
@simonwheatley I'm sad  good turnout considering the sunshine #bcleeds09
fucking earthquakes..! and the aftershocks are still coming 
Gooorgeous weather - sunshine and smell of flowers - and a shedload of practice questions to tackle 
spent 20 mins out in the sun and hayfever hits!  another weekend inside  SILLY HAYFEVER!!!!
its sunny and i'm stuck inside 
@Sezro aye but its  muggy down here 
sunshine!! but all my shorts are in the wash 
combination of strong wind, buckaroo bike, and hot heat blew me up entirely, 48.8 at 12.4mph last 10 miles at about 10mph 
sunny and 90! but I'll be inside 
Grrrrrrr, sunny again 
want to be out enjoying the beautiful sunshine but migraine says otherwise 
I don't believe it, 36 seconds  The shade on the pitch is crap, it's high summer and the pitch is in darkness.
at the dealer waiting for @kevind5 and for the storms to pass 
first meet of the season http://www.treeviewdolphins.org/ Overcast and cold. The little ones will turn blue 
@kuhvet shit I wish....naw just here 4 my bday and its raining! Thunderstorms and everything. 
still here! missing the sunshine 
i walked 9 miles 2day along a canal in the beautiful sunshine!!! got bad sunburn though 
I'm still all wet and sandy!! 
Feeling the waves  
Wheres the sunshine going? 
nice day, breeze, sun....wheres my ocean  breeze
So much for the sunshine!   Now, it is DOWNPOURING!!!!
@gale_x What's wrong? 
Basking in beautiful 2.5 degrees!! 
Ugh, it's 90 degrees. 
Really wanna go play in the thunder storm 
A big wave just came up and got me soaking wet 
@volpinator stop stealing my thunder 
photo shoot. :p. textin up a storm. hella cold. 
@beobscene suns over with yu, but the storm is now chillin in keswick 
thunder and lightning..FAACKKKKKK 
Disappointed in the lack of thunder storm 
a giant storm cloud just swallowed up the sun  not cool.
Is watching thunder storms. And wishing he was here 
im terrified of storms  this is not cool. there is a tornado like 10 miles from my house
Eeekk I'm scared of storms 
I feel like its 10,000 degrees in here and I don't feel good 
@indyval i'm half naked now cos its almost 100 degrees here. 
::this lightning is crazy!  I'll be hiding under my covers tonight! 
@holycrap So much for our lightning rave... 
more thunder!!!!!!!!!! 
welcome to this sunny sunday morning, off to work, where the sun doesn't shine... due to blackout film on the windows  have fun
It is thundering outside, I hate thunder...  
I'm going to read and then attempt to sleep. I really, truly hate storms. 
Not quite awake yet, but bright sunshine forced me out of bed 
@matthewmoloney mmm me want sunshine - all rain and cold here 
Thunderstorms this early wake me up. 
the lack of sunlight saddens me  i feel like staring out at the rain while sipping hot coco, listening to slow acoustic.
heading out soon, wishing that the temp. would go down a couple of degrees tho  :L
I think it's a wet race 
long weekend but no sunshine 
@Pockless Sadly not, we were good boys and sat indoors even though all we wanted was sunshine and lolly pops... 
income statement in the sunshine 
What a lovely morning. 74 degrees with 33% humidity. its like california. i know the humidity will be intolerable in the afternoon 
A slight breeze has picked up now  but still very bright &amp; sunny!
@mousecrazy55 It is very green here, but corrupt politics and high humidity! 
; sundaay   . but at least its sunny out!
its sunny now but it just rained so all the bike trials are too muddy for me to ride 
Fishing didn't go well. It was almost 0 degrees on the water and super windy. Not fun  will retry next weekend.
im sitting in the most glorious sunshine - ive got my high factor sun lotion on! (i got badly burnt last weekend) 
Why did the sunny day have to turn cold and cloudy? So sad 
@MOmerG @Nursy chanceux vous autres! Nous yannonce des severe thunderstorms!!! 
missed nearly all of the sunshine 
Just got done rockin out in south beach. I just got off of I-95 the sky is blue. No rain 
@AdamRPhoto awwww maaaayn  perfect weather as well! any terrible tumbles outta the hammock? they look fun!! simple pleasures
may 31st and we had hail this afternoon......poor lil'plants in the new garden 
Wtf thunder, stop scaring me 
So much for the sunshine..it slipped away..now pouring rain &amp; thunder 
@angelinaxsays washington isnt sunny either 
@C_S15 theres no breeze here! that's not fair 
shutting the computer down. the one time i dont want a thunder storm  oh well it better dry up before wed!  i &lt;3 thunder storms!
@khakigent we never got it here  darn I love t-storms
We just lost in extra innings  now I have to recharge my back with some mountain dew 
It's a nice warm, sunny day, but I have hayfever and a plugged ear 
Ugly storm clouds between us and home 
it is like 5 degrees. agrh. winter! 
morning all. sunburn is getting better but its still a killer. and it hates hot showers  xx
The storm has passed  not to happy I was really enjoying it. I knew it wouldn't stay long enough
I want the trade winds to come back!!! It's so hot and humid I can't sleep 
i wasn't fully asleep and now it started to thunder and lightning - this might take awhile, 
Trying to focus on my writing and ignore the thunder. The very scary loud thunder. I hate storms! 
weather is like an angry sad miserable grey little boil with swollen clouds  #cold&amp;hungry
sunny sunny sunshine  pooey pooey revision 
@sunshine1883 wait. how'd you do that? It doesn't work with mine 
back in work after hiking up some very tough mountains in the blistering heat over the weekend  still de-hydrated!
I really do enjoy the sunshine. I wish I had somewhere to go 
 i hate thunderstorms...   I don't like the sound of thunder...
enjoyed yesterdays great weather but managed to get a nasty sunburn on the tops of my feet and knees 
@BbInDaLoop sho off its like 48 degrees here 
I'm dressed for 75 degrees not 57. 
I wish it would get cold and rainy again... 
doesn't want the sunshine to go away 
sunny and had to spend the whole say inside at skule... grr . . . need to have my braces tightened and it always hurts. . . 
I sortve wish it'd stop being sunny 
Why did the weather channel tell me it was going to be sunny? I am walking in the rain, hearing thunder and seeing lightening 
ain't no sunshine when he's gone 
No sunshine 
@alibegins lightning storms are beautiful and can be quite sexy! But not, I suppose, when one is moving 
no thunder storms tonight 
My day started off so nice! The sun was shining, it was warm, and now is cold, cloudy, and windy! What the F happened?  
It's so hot, so humid, I'm having trouble breathing 
I am so sad that I'm not out enjoying the sunshine 
Oh my, this heat is doing funny things to me now, we need thunder to clear it up 
@co0okie22 wow, it's a little rainy out /here/ as well 
@Chaoticshimmer Humidity is the worst 
I don't like storms.. no hail for me.. I want my mommy 
layin down, so tired. storms are scary  hmph. lol.
still only a few patches of snow 
the minimum temp in bombay is 29C plus 62% humidity, it can't get any worse than this. Its hot n muggy at 5.30 in the morning 
trying to get to sleep in this humidity is going to be hell 
thundering &amp; hail 
I don't like this weather. The thunder scares me 
Muggy heat + neighbour's dog constantly barking = no sleep 
...is afraid of storms...   9/5
i hate these types of horrible storms   hoooooooold meeee!
This thunder is scawy 
@glorialynnglass I believe more storms are in the forecast. 
ah oh! there's thunder and lightning in the distance and and its getting closer! i hope the storm isn't to bad 
@lidiw00t I shvitz like an east coast Jew. Humidity kills me 
@SnarkySharky Bahahahaha uhoh! Thunderstorms!  *scared*
I'm coughing up a storm  it seems I'll never get better.
i want to go stand out in the storm i love thunder storms this one is not very bad 
Seriously, I'd be more than happy if a storm swept through the city and got me out of this heat. 
My hayfever is bad  sunny days don't like me 
Just a quick hello before zipping off again. Typically after 3 days of sunshine - the fog has rolled in 
I wish I could job-hunt outside in the sunshine  booo
caught a flu because of the sand storm.  http://plurk.com/p/xubfo
and with the lovely sunshine comes the hayfever...aaaahhhhhchhhooooo!!! sniff sniff! 
looking out the window at the sunshine 
sunny, sunny, sunny and stuck inside working 
@katebevan I'm sorry  *hugs* . On the plus side, it's coming up to lunchtime - escape to the canal? I'm working in the sunshine too!
I would like to state, for the record, that I HATE this friggin' sunshine 
So hot yesterday i got home and fell asleep before training, bah   I love the sun but i like colder weather
has got so much to do she doesn't even get to enjoy the sunshine this lunchtime 
really sad that there still have not been any hurricane jackies, and there will not be until at least after 2014.  
I hate this humidity 
In regents park, boy it's hot, warm and sunny!! But the wind is not letting us play frizbi 
don't get me wrong, I love the sunshine. I just hate the sticky heat that goes with it, I end up feeling so grubby 
Where has the sun gone? looks like rain on the way 
Where's my sunshine @DONDITO? 
The sky has suddenly gone dark i think theres either a storm or rain coming  why couldnt the nice weather just stay for one week ? xxxx
@FizzyDuck 'twas a pleasure - the general mood is we won't be seeing sun worshiping sardines on patches of green in the city tomorrow 
@mariahays sorry about all the storms 
More storms are coming  
would be basking in the sunshine... but its hiding 
8O degrees outside but its raining  Sittinq by my window taking iit in.
My tree was blown over by wind or struck by lightning this evening. I am now treeless in my front yard. 
@olivia_sunshine what? Why? 
This lightening is really freaking me out 
thunder is gone  stood outside near pour rain to watch the lightning and thunder. I love it.
@joek949 you are good! Sunshine  where are you? Overcast and quite chilly here in brum!
I hate thunder storms... 
I understand im sacred too! I hate thunder can nvr sleep! I feel you 
The thunderstorm just woke me up. 
This storm has kept @colourthecityyy and me up texting about the stupid thunder and running to see if the vibrations have cracked windows 
Thunderstorms still get me like they used to.. 
@Thedesignerbaby hmmm no sunshine up here 
Ugh...I hate thunder 
@stainlessben14 me nether. I cant sleep when my surroundings are like 80 degrees. 
Holy crap I just woke up to a thunder storm... it is literally outside my window 
@ethicalsoap me too, think it's cos the sunshine has gone away 
The storm woke me up 
what's happened to the sunshine 
can't sleep..damn thunderstorm woke me up 
making honey joys!! yummm. hating the rain  but loving the internet being back on wooo!!
Right who did it who pinched the sunshine  it's even cold not so much as warm oh well will get more done I guess.....
can't sleep... the storm is keeping me up 
@MommaSalty The storm? 
Severe thunderstorm just woke me up! It's scary 
 i hate thunder... i woke up really scared just now cus of it.
Holy s#$* the thunderstorm woke me up 
the thunder is scaring me 
there's thunder &amp; lightning outside! scaaared! 
I hate thunder 
thunder woke me up .. now im spooked 
Usually i can handle thunder but not tonight. I'm scared 
Why is there cooler-than-is-pleasant air coming through my windows? I think from here the weather goes down...   bye bye sun!
Proper beach weather 2day but my body cant cope with this heat  thank god 4 ice aaahhh lush!!! :-D
HUGE thunderstorm @ 3 am - scared puppies!  And another rainy day in paradise 
last nights thunderstorm was super scary  heading to work
Having lunch in the car park again but where's the sun  dull skys are so depressing.
@vealmince *waves* 
Where has the sunshine gone 
I slept through all that thunder. 
http://twitpic.com/6j3ix - Shitttttttt  thanks to those clouds I will be a)soaking wet and b) a nervous wreck
its a cloudy day in cali...  when will the sun come out?
i am unpleased at the fact that i did not get any sunburn yesterday!! and that i was working... sat sun and mon of the good weather 
What happened to the sunshine? 
where has all the sunshine gone?  x
sunshine everywhere and I'm ill 
its 2 humid and wet 2 be outside 
the thunder is scaring me 
thunderstorms.  really loud, really close. freakin me out.
I didn't hear the thunder storm 
i miss the sunshine. 
wheres all the sunshine gone?! 
I don't like this thunder 
Looks like it is going to chuck it down with rain. Where did the sunshine go 
- they forgot to put my requested shot of hazelnut in my triple-shot of espresso cappuccino today! *sigh* rain on me, as the sun shines 
 there was no storm
Much happier with rain than with sun but i dun like thunder 
such a sleepy bean... and it's friday  ... I should be out enjoying the sunshine!
wishing all that glorious sunshine would come back ! 
ohmygeeez i am up earlyy. and its rainy 
What happened to the weather ? From sun to lightning 
@AshliDianne you are my sunshine and thats why the rain wont go away 
Spending the afternoon repairing our boat dock as a foreman lol.  The snow grater destroyed it over the winter, pushing snow against it! 
@moon_angel wish you were here enjoying this sunshine. The only downside so far is that I already have a sunburn. 
I want the thunder and lightening back  ..
argggggg thunder n lighting  x
oh god... first thunder storm since p7!!!!  x
@misetak  29 from 22 now and outfiled getting wetter - not good 
68 degrees and raining. 
@sugatolo its bloody raining  few days of sun  an now rain again  whats it like on that side of the pond?
I'm doing nothing and because of that I'm sleepy! well of course the rain and gray skies don't help either.  #fb
Is not happy with the thunderstorm, hail and tornado warning. I was on my way to the roof pool when I got the alert. 
We have kinda of rain cover spots..... I found a broken umbrella 2 use while I hide in a dry spot.... its not really helping, im soaked! 
There is a huge thunderstorm outside so i have to stay inside.....I hope theres no blackout...its scary then...... 
mad rainy, my adidas are fucked up 
doesn't like that it's 61 degrees and going to be colder this wknd  vegas can't get here soon enough!!
@mhgoblue Awww, you aren't embarrassing. I'm not going out in the rainy rainy either 
The weather is driving me insane...lights off lights on 
ew... its windy&amp;sandy&amp;dusty... w/ no rain 
is scared of thunder..... and it's thundering 
@MajesticFlame It has been sprinkling on and off, but that's about all - no lightning or thunder, bummer 
no internet connection!!!!! like living in hell. haha. because of rains and winds. 
@loveandbooze  That totally bites! I didn't realize the temps were so frigid down yonder.   When are you headed back to the desert?
45 degrees and rain  can't wait till I'm at the beach!!
wtf scary thunderstorm! 
this storm is keeping me up, i'm scared! 
frick that thunder was loud! stupid storm waking me up so bloody early, not hapy 
weeeekend just got up its rainy 
wet wet wet whit friday. hamlet time. 
the rain is starting to do my head in now, get the sun back  i cant stay in on a saturday!
Watching the rain drip on my very own window grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr sun where have you gone 
i just got SOAKED doing paper round this  morning...coat-wet, jumper-wet, t-shirt-wet! 
is looking through the PANED window &amp; all she sees is precipitation 
@samyair isn't it just, I've only been outside to get my mop and then raced back in, its so wet and dark 
British summertime is back - cold, wet and windy 
is hatin the welsh weather, rainin after a lush week of sun 
morning, my oh my it's a wet one...sunny southport disappeared overnight and was replaced with soggy southport! 
@cardiffblogger I can hear thunder but see no lightening! 
Is annoyed that is aint sunny!! 
@LittleYellowJen ahahaha yaay wind. 
rainy rainy rainy... i hate it! i think im going to get sick! 
I'm so depressed that monsoon is here 
Eurgh the weather i awful :\ Its like pouring down with rain, Where did the sunshine go 
Watching the hailstones and listening to the thunder 
I'm bloody freezing, come back sunshine, I didn't mean to moan 
oh the suns gone and the rain is back 
@jimmycarr rainy in london too 
wondering where the sunshine has gone 
weather sucks here in the rheingau/germany. rain/clouds and damn cold! 
There goes my storm!  fak traffic!
and going to the beach is out! it's 70 degrees and and it looks like it's about rain at any moment! 
where's the sun gone - I don't like this rain!! 
was hoping for sunshine 
feeling raindrops while going up the first hill!  
no more sunshine 
going go karting. then lunch. possibly bowling. it's 67 but feels as if it's like 50000 degrees. 
@MoscowVicky same here. grey and heavy rain in #carinthia. I miss the sun!!  #weather #austria
i want eat this http://www.sprinkles.com/ 
Landed safely in the middle of a torrential thunder storm, lightning is not permiting us to go to gate  so we sit on tarmac.
@mitchelmusso wish i was. stuck in rainy old england 
All this rain is starting to piss me off! Wheres the summer sun!? 
Where'd the warm sunny days go? 
@trobin40 calgary  its not much snow, but still!!
@IamBarbiePink i have to clean up too and its like 80 degrees 
@lawzspoken gray+showers off and on and def not warm 
Mowing hay, er, the grass on a windy pollen filled day. 
This weather sucks  its raining I can't wait to get home and take a steamy bath.
It might rain no more sunshine 
leeds lack of summer ball resulting in much wetness, much mudness, i only caught half the wombats and fake bloods tent got closed 
its rainy outside ew 
@paranominal dont know if it caused it, but it certainly ended it. lots of chemtrails on thurs caused haze then overcast now rain 
@sunny_bexster Except for naked!Arnolds groin. 
@iambob it's almost 8 here.  8 and rainy outside 
    HUGE roll of thunder just now...SO scary!!!!
thunderstorm! *cries* 
I just got a blizzard that couldn't be turned upside down. 
It's a cold and wet 50 degrees out. I forecast a dismal turnout tomorrow at the picnic 
Why are there no snow cone stands 
@ashphilip I KNOW! the wind is friggin hot too! so disgusting 
No elctriciti since 6 after that horrible thunder storm, lightning hit a transformer near by  lillbiti
@jaybby_ why? are the storms going to stop 
I'm cold and wet. 
@sunshine_diva Awww. I had a beagle when I was little 
what happened to the thunder storms 
@john_lafemina I'm so jealous...I miss thunder storms so much.  We don't get them here 
@zoori @moby74 I hear the thunder but the sun's still shining out there!  Where's the rain? I want it too.
@halfjack08 I only heard one thunder 
back in cold wet grey 
thunder is scary 
Morning sunshine! I woke up with an ulcer!!! 
Massive thunder storm  Not heard one of them in ages
it is  lost my sunshine
@doginyerpocket thunder storms are really scary... 
@raistlinmage no more storm 
The storm woke me up 
Just had really loud thunder in beeston  resisting urge to hide.
tired of everyone here who doesn't know what a real storm is.  the 1 this evening I could have slept through. I miss storm chasing. 
Another overcast, cloudy, rainy day. 
sky's are really black and heavy with rain and the wind is blowing a gale 
Hiding in bed away from the thunder, don't like it 
is not liking the rain and the cold - where's the heat and sunshine gone?! 
i HATE thunder :| 
amazing thunderstorm, lightning and torrential rain at 6am but now blue skies and sunshine. small plants looking bashed and traumatised 
What is up with this weather? The thunder woke me up at 6 this mourning, bad times!! 
@Nariamma it is... it was so boring and I got all wet 
woke up. rainy 
Wearing four layers indoors and I'm freezing. Why can I not just go back to bed?!?? I'm friggin' illllllllll 
oh no, black clouds are coming back...rain to follow?! 
Days like this I miss living under the roof and listening to the sound of the rain against the window. 
@nicksbabe28 wow....storms!? why are you smile   ??
@smoore528 what about candle in the wind? 
wondering what happened to the sunshine and blue skies 
wishing it wasnt cold and rainy 
@mnstrsnmnchkns lol... we have super storms now.. raining in inches!!.. i need a jumper now.. house has a chill! 
The thunder this moring was really scary! I hit under the duvet, I was so scared 
@moccabutterfly its stormy here too 
no longer sunny diego?  aww.
Just started chucking it down!!  so cold and wet!
can hear the thunder 
@jemjem1983 i feel your pain i hate thunder storms 
@Tehlem0n i didnt even know that there was washing outside  we had to rush outside and get wet 
this crazy thunderstorm has left me rather bored. 
@lisagastineau is his/her noise wet??? if it is, its a good sign? if its dry, he/she is sick 
On/off rainspits all day long. Overcast but getting brighter &amp; warmer 72F here come muggies! We needed a gusher but got only trickles 
Holy shit. That thunder actually woke me up! Also tired now 
Recovering from surgery, looking at the sunshine, wishing I could go outside. 
there's a storm coming  I don't like storms
wow, i can't believe a tornado caused damage to southlands mall.  scary
Between the wind and the church people, we couldn't play 2, 5, 8, or 9   park courses can suck sometimes and high winds always suck...
no wind 
@tathamoddie i'll try to miss you while i'm in sunny brisbane... =p hopefully i'm twit-enabled there, otherwise 
can't beleive how cold and rainy it is 
@gulpanag where r u.. in mumbai??.. no rains this side 
lying under the covers right now.. Not much sleep, there's been a huge thunder storm keeping me up all night.Then I have a heart burn too 
I hate frequent &amp; flashes of lightning, thunder, hail, &amp; strong winds which is all happenin rite now 
tornado warning sirens went off!!!  really crazy!
It just rained when I was shopping...got wet. 
damn!!! storm bbroke down before it hit us 
@cloverdash And I'm sorry you still feel funny  *shoos storms away*
I hate storms 
Wondering why I sat here at my desk and not in the sunshine 
wheres the sunshine? 
@heisthelamb haiiii!! Yes I didd was awesome. It's too cold here though  i'm used to it being 38 degrees and now it's like... 8 xD you ok?
Morning all - miserable day here  - shame the sun didn't follow us back from the west coast ....
@MissCapitalJ I'm in cali plenty of sunshine  my bad ... so u grew up there
There's a terrified raccoon stuck in a storm drain, and we can&quot;t get it open. 
I just saw lightning. straight to the earth.  Seems like thunderstorm. I'm scared of thunderstorm.. 
the dark clouds have come in now... booooooooo... was hoping for a walk in the sunshine on my day off... nevermind i'll have to stay in 
stupid storm is still going, been up since 4:30 reading eclipse to distract me from the storm. i still might have to do that. 
@connymouse well...we have sunshine but it's a little bit chilly outside cause of the light wind. but in the office it's hot 
i hear thunder 
I don't like thunder and lightening..........its scary 
I'm sure i just heard thunder   ... i hate thunder &amp; lightening it scares me.
Here comes the thunder storms 
storm clouds incoming by the looks of it... sad times for frisbee later 
@MsLaudanum bastard sunshine here 
well just had a minni thunder storm   so scary ok not that scary but hey
@MarkThomasFox you seen lightning??? I didn't see it, just heard the thunder 
I hear thunder  I don't like it !!!!
thunder and lightening 
I hate thunder  It's frightening
rain in belfast  where did the sunshine go??
Home alone during a thunderstorm.. scary.. 
I want thunder &amp; lightning up here 
thunder and lightning 
really hate storms  they make me want to cry!
ooo weather not looking too good now .. wah happened to our lovely sunshine !!! 
Is in starbucks with cosima after getting drenced in the thunder storm! 
gone SO dark! thunderstorm coming up? 
About to walk my paper round in a thunderstorm with hail stones 
i miss the sunshine 
@markjboyce Its nasty in sunderland! Overcast 
i dont like thunder  D:
love thunderstorms and we're in the middle of a great one here. only problem didn't get to see much of it, as it teleco systems 
Thunders storms, heavy rain and power glitches! Where has the sun gone 
thunder ad lightening  scared
I am listening to thunder rumbling in the distance 
adventure over, no more thunderstorm  doesnt even look like it rained in windle! (via @lauramoorcroft)
is scared of thunder &amp; lightning 
Not liking the thunder and lightning 
@XgailyX I love thunder storms too.. miss them in this new city i am in  
ahhh and now there's thunder and lightening 
pfft feeble storm over already 
#weather_me b67 5de, sunny, still really lovely outside but in the distance thunder clouds are looming 
I was hoping for a really big thunderstorm. I ended up with a few rumbles. 
well that was a very short lived thunder storm 
@shefaly my warm &amp; muggy is warmer and muggier than your warm &amp; muggy   drat !!! no rains still. #mumbai
@lorzy48 It's really odd to hear about storms. I want storms  It's really warm and sunny here
Is scared of the lighting and thunder!!!! 
@craziex3 i hate thunder 
@Sludz  no thunder here... yet
is hating the thunder storm 
Oh thunder! I'm scareddddddddd 
not liking the storms  glad I got in before it started
@ahj damn! we have no storms at all  I love a good thunder storm.
@sarahb29 We only got the edge of it  I want the full on thunder and lightening that was heading over matlock when I left. I love storms.
@lilmissweetlips. ha give me clouds anyday lol. it better than thunder storms.    xx
i don't like thunder 
It's thundering. I don't like thunder. 
@bimbler  well at least its not beautiful sunshine and stuck in traffic
Is not liking the thunder and lightening 
rainy day  , in need for some sunshine , wish I could order some sunshine LOL
booo  the storm's passed 
yayyy thunderstorm. where tf is @PoisonPrince ? 
@STORMTRACKER_13 Are we ever gonna have a warm, sunny day?!  
@sianhughes_ Its sunny in the north, literally we had a mini heatwave earlier! It was too hot! 
not liking this weather, the rain is just plain horrid &amp; the lightening and thunder is kinda scary!  not fun times at all.....
Is not liking this nasty storm very much 
Thunderstorm over now, bright blue skies above...shame it's meant to rain all week 
Boarding plane heading back to cali(where the sun shines all day ). its raining out here in st louis 
I really do not like thunder and lightning 
@naj101 where's the sunshine???? 
I hate storms!  
Looks like the storm's clearing. I can see clear sky over the beach 
the storms went away they just passed over boo hoo 
tornado warning! 
still no thunder and lightning 
waaaaah i hate thunder! 
its raining, we're in the sunshine state for crying out loud 
another rainy day in the city ... whateva happen to the sun 
ahhh five tornado warnings in less than an hour. woww. i wish, boy you were here to keep me warm 
I hate thunder 
Wishing it would rain already !!! Humidity sucks  yuck.
@MinDelicious tornadoes suck, they are so unpredictable. 
The sun looks so pretty after the storm! By the time I leave class...it will be night and I won't remember what daylight looked like! 
@bobbyllew damn!! i love thunder storms all i got down here was 1 or 2 rumbles nothing to get exited over   i'm in south east essex
http://twitpic.com/7i2p4 - i hate thunder storms. someone make it go away 
Oh sunshine, where have you gone...? 
@liajewel the one on clement closed. 
The storms are back. 
Listening to the thunder and lightening outside 
Once the  sun goes down, gotta go do some guerrilla watering of my guerrilla garden.  No rain today. 
I'm sooo scared. I heard there is gonna be thunder storms in poughkeepsie and wappingers....i hate storms 
@boywho8ramen Aww, who could lock out their kitty in a storm 
it's hard being productive w/ the lights flickering on and off: storms: y a y 
wow its rainy windy and cold who would have guessed 
I don't like storms...especially loud ones at night with tornado watches.  
@interjection I don't see any thunderstorms.  
is sad that the storm passed and didnt hit 
@doodlemonger I think my waves are broken. 
Looking at the big patches of white frozen hail glistening in the morning sunshine in my decimated veg patch 
A rainy traffic jam..  http://twitpic.com/7izsc
@threehundredfps its a bit cloudy, as its winter here, but yes there are specks of sun :p its currently like 3 degrees celcius outside 
Morning twitters,fab day sun out after lots of night storms,going 2 make most of the sun as rain 4 rest of wk  tweet in a bit x x
Ugh. This storm is so Fucking loud. 
@Hebbie mornin hebbie  sun's shinin over here in germany too..not for much longer though..storms on the way 
@webdesigngirl it just missed us.   I could see the flashes and hear all the rumblings in the distance. I love storms.
sunny sunny sunny!!! same im in work!!! 
where is the sun???? I hate rain..especially when I have to walk my dog 
   please, can anyone give loads of money or virgins or whatever they desire to the weather gods so that they let out the sun again?
I do NOT like scary lightning storms 
Walking in the sunny is not good for you 
Really big storm just woke me up 
Overcast now, and people wonder why we have such little faith in irish weather? 
Why are people in #FortCollins watering their grass after the rain we've had, wasting water, energy? Lots of outside lights left on, too 
thunder raining.... i hate it 
is home, and wet.. i lost my umbrella  http://plurk.com/p/11dl4y
@erinpwalsh I'm so jealous. It's 9 degrees Celcius here and it's raining. Not very summery... 
@gavinmusic germany is rainy rainy rainy rainy 
Thinking I should button down the hatches in anticpation of the storms headed our way.  Also thinking this will NOT help my cloudy pool.  
I hate storms. 
storms are a brewing. 
We are in for a nasty, nasty storm and comcast just went out completely and I can't track it. 
finally dragging myself away from the computater to get ready for work.  bleh  The sun came out   I already miss the smell of rain.
is worried about this tornado in mboro 
All the snows gone 
looks like its about to rain. bah i was enjoying the sun filling my room  i hate the gloom of rain clouds. makes me sleepy
@AmelieBC hello! how are you? did you get to the hammock? the sun has left this place and it looks like rain 
watching the storm and csi... it's hailing i think 
Writing about @TheNewsLounge makes me want to go right now!!! But, here comes the thunder, right on cue. 
@heavygrinder it got super windy and dark here 
thunder and lightning 
relaxin! wantin to swim, but its windy n looks like a storm is coming 
I'm seriously frightened by this storm 
Mean manager won't let me go play in the storm.  http://myloc.me/45oh
Just heard thunder 
It was like a warzone outside. I hate driving in thunderstorms 
mmm, I love chocolate mousse. and I love this sunshine, but I missed the rain  #yeg
@hayl_storm mished you 
tornado warning! 
rainy night 
it's 58 degrees in the middle of june! what? 
This storm is so scary!!! 
theres a bad storm outside! 
@breakfastt Thanks for calling me a pansy.  It's not that I'm afraid of thunder, it's that I'm afraid of getting struck by lightning.
correction, we just had a tornado 
I think we hit another drought 
Overcast, perfect for midge's 
@sunny_michelle girrrl we forgot thoseee 
how awesomely awesomely amazing would it be to go to a coldplay gig + with snow patrol supporting. i wish i was there 
omg so wet and rainy these days  cant do anything outside
whats happened to the sun the rain is horrible 
@daybreak1012 so I guess I can't complain about cloudy and rainy here even if is rather have sunshine!?!?!? 
@torbengee i hope you can too!!! hot and muggy here 
so tiredd, and its wet and cold 
Where has the sun gone, more rain 
weather forecast for this weekend: sat 21 and rainy, sun blazing hot and sunny. good thing i bought those rain/mud boots for edgefest 
; i'm injoing the sunny wether from a distance...... 
Goodbyes bum me out.  + its rainy out here.
Muggy weather = bad 
I hope we get some more Thunderstorms. It was dark and gloomy yesterday  Now it is bright and sunny 
I wish the sun would stay out..... looks like rain for the next week  
I miss the sunshine 
Goodmorning sunshine. I'm still tired though 
I am finally out at the pool, and it is getting super cloudy  Like scary rain cloudy!!!
Humidity makes me sad.   #weather #chicago
where's the sunshine gone 
I've always been a fan of thunder storms, until the thunder sent a loud crash through my headset while recording vocals for the ballad. 
@kasperapd if only us cellular had the storm 
@FutureIconKP not only cold, but rainy too. 
It's still super hot!!! where is the monsoon??  
hate the stupid rain. wheres the sun gone  (N)
@MissConfusion17 The humidity is back too 
Where's the sunshine?!  I'd love to be reading in my backyard instead of my basement 
@AgingBackwards What a fitting gift ;-) I hope you're enjoying the heat we're having - I'm hoping for a storm, but not looking promising 
chillin bored... rainy out 
listening to tornado sirens, but there isn't any tornadoes. 
@hayl_storm ahh hayley 
@aceythekidd but its rainy here 
I hate storms. 
@jasoncastro I'm glad it's nice where you are. I'm stuck with tornado's 
@kayharkins probably! we all have tornado warnings  there's a tornado in the southside right now
oh shit. the power just went out. i do not think the storm moved south and east  am actually getting worried about this tornado warning 
I'm trapped in a thunder storm w/ my dog! 
i hate storms 
@southernweather it's supposed to help mamacita, just try to relax though  big headaches suck. warm showers also help!
the tornadoes are tearing up kennywood 
@smileem94 I miss storms 
   storms are scary!
To tom. . . So basically it is also ridonkulous here. No joke. I don't like storms anyway. 
We are under tornado warnings  again
94' and possible thunder storms. awesome. i miss san diego all ready 
Too much lightning!!! 
Home alone. I hate storms 
it's 7 degrees in my south facing bedroom office, but a balmy 16 degrees outside. I am wearing gloves, scarf &amp; hat - with a sunny view. 
I hate thunder! 
these storms have been freaking me outttt 
is not looking forward to 3 more weeks of 97-100 degrees fahrenheit texas weather   hello skin damage
back on twittter! this rain man aint wavy at all.. thats only suppose to b at the beach 
grr...storms. 
A gray, rainy morning   What happened to the sun ??  Even the coffee isn't helping ... sigh!
So cold and wet outside 
@bo_bliz hot thunderstorms 
the storms turned into floods, and we had to bucket out our entire basement last night.. not awake at all right now 
i hate hate storms 
97% humidity = 
and once again the 5-day forecast is all clouds, no sun. 
why do stupid storms always have to wake me up? 
no sunshine anywhere!!! no tanning  but at least it's warm outside^^
have two cookouts to go to tonight..but tunderstorms are in the forecast 
it's so cold and rainy and unpleasant  june, why aren't you being summery?
@squishyjam well its not the weatherman's fault 
so wet outside 
I cant make it thru this sandstorm 
*because i cant drive in this hurricane 
@aprna at least you've got clouds to anticipate rains! We've got nothing 
@kokofemme good morning sunshine, cause it's sho nuff cloudy and raining here...........,again 
I dont understand how we can have so much rain!  I need cheerful sunshine!
this is the scariest storm ever! i have never heard thunder like this.  #squarespace
Why so rainy?  I need the sunshine.
@choley that stinks  and it's always hard to get out of a rut when its cloudy and gross out. too bad the sun didnt stick around!
Englands weather is soo totally messed up...one minute its sunny and the next its thunder and lightening 
@fromthesamesky It's cloudy, windy and rainy here... 
stupid storm.. otherwise i think i wouldve slept well. im exhausted 
Trying not to take the storm personally... 
Ugh. I need a blizzard. 
this torrential monsoon is soo depressinggg. 
On I4, its lightening &amp; dark,, looks like its gna storm  scurry lol
I hate storms...especially when I'm driving 
@ohrachelizabeth dry heat or humidity? the rain is here, come up to the city and enjoy the sleepy dull feeling!  where's summer?
@rhondi The rain just stopped , the sun is coming out a little, but it in the low 60's  enjoy the weather where U R lol
Eeeeee scary storm 
Bad storm incoming 
Humid and wet...great weather for a dance 
im seriously over all these thunderstorms. i want my sun back 
Cancelling a ride in the gats due to heavy precipitation 
why is it still raining?  i like it and all, but seriously. i need sunshine.
@siennapieroni i went, i saw, i sorta conquered. now im just a summertime gal. but without the sunshine  you should call me.  i have news,
is really not liking this humidity right now!  wish it would just storm already!!! god its hot!
@TheDannyNoriega It's pretty warm in pittsburgh right now. But we are supposed to get thunder storms 
So wet and cold 
thinking about my sunshine 
I hate thunderstorms and tornado watches  ugh
@samillionaire  you didn't drive thru that hurricane did you? It was insane.
also, where the fuck are these severe storms we were supposed to get tonight? i was all excited for a real thunderstorm 
thunder. big storm is coming 
i missed greased lightning 
vegging at home in my comfy pjs. prayinggg when i wake up there will be sunshine. 3 weeks straight of rain on the east coast.  not cool.
storms rolling in, and now i am alone again.  i hope the storms don't get too bad!
Looks like our 2 days of summer are over ... big heavy rain clouds outside the window 
@mtellock at least it's warm outside!  It's frigid and rainy here!  I wake up and feel like I'm in a swamp 
it's like a monsoon here only without the ocean 
booms booms! i wish this storm was bigger. and I miss my ganesha necklace, but it makes me break out in a rash.  boo.
is not a fan of this storm 
I hate storms 
I can not believe these storms! I normally enjoy a good t-storm, but these are crazy intense and have kept me awake for over an hour! 
tornado warning 
Oh i see. It's fucking cold.  brrr
@jaecka you only live once right? Aw damn, the thunder is gone now 
I don't like storms or lightning. 
off to work...always wanted to know what a heat stroke feels like :S lets hope the forecasted hail and thunder storms are here in time 
thunder woke me up  I'm scared!
@lamcproductions definately indoors 
@SonyEricssonWTA gimme a link to the q&amp;a, i think the eastbourne wind chill has affected my already small brain 
can't sleep anymore...thunderstorm woke me up 
Its late and windy and I'm alone and scared! 
 a rainy midsummer celebration it seem...
This thunder is big and scary 
thuder storm woke me up 
just when we're leaving for the midsummer party, it poured! with thunder &amp; lightning too! dampener! what should we do for midsummer now? 
ooh the sun is out this morning.  hope it lasts. we have had 10 days in a row of rain. 
just when we're leaving for the midsummer party, it poured! with thunder &amp; lightning too! dampener! what should we do for midsummer now? 
sand storm......again!!!!.... 
Taking my boy out for the afternoon, whilst the sun shines &amp; before the english depression hits i.e. the grey weather  have fun guys  ...
grrrr . the thunder storm is scary  i can't sleep
I heard thunder, I'm afraid of thunder. 
going to go strawberry picking even if its cloudy and rainy 
rainy weekend is comming - no chance to fly again 
Morninnnn. It looks like its going to storm 
I hate humidity! 
woken up by the thunderstorm....and the hail is beating up my car 
Bad storm, bad 
Me+work+storm=not happy 
getting ready for round 2 of storms....  
@stewpid86 whatever trevor! flashes and bangs and rumbles and rain and awesomeness. its sunny again now 
97 degrees and i have to sit in it 
The storm stopped.  hopefully it'll start again, it was beautiful.
ran out to get sugar bliss cupcakes in between downpours, but got stuck in round 2. now my pants are soaked! 
baby did the rain dance and brought out the sun to mock me... for ditchin camp..... sorrie guys 
No sun in the forecast this weekend  
wants to go outside in the backyard, lay on the ground and stare at the sun..but the ground is still wet from storms the other day...boo! 
@xsparkage That sucks, hainous. If he's anywhere near the Midwest though, these thunderstorms are KILLING out here. 
I hate storms 
im scared of thunder storms.  i want my boyyyyfrieeenddd. 
@barefootfoodie good to know because i am terrified of thunder  
It's 88 degrees and sunny right now, but i think i'm drowning in the humidity 
@LizzieJoe I really need it.  It's like 97 degrees outside right now.  We have the A/C on but I can still feel it. 
It's wet outisde 
@davethegreat but there's no thunder. @arashikami is slacking 
It's storming and I hate storms! 
80 degrees and going to work 
i hate storms 
A huuuuge storm is coming 
I am damp. 
@0mie Still no storm 5.0  well not yet ;)
Picking up shingles from the roof from the storm that just went through here!  
whay's with all the rain? i haven't built my arc yet. the lights just flashed. i better not lose power. i need the interwebsss 
@gillianr I'm getting wet right now 
Festival cut early... Thunderstorms 
storm #2 rolling on in! not cool 
but sadly no thunder 
is scared shitless of storms 
the storms are gone now and no tornado 
I hate thunder storms. 
@Kmconard no thunder over here yet! 
@laptopmnky I think #omgwtfrva is scattered to the four winds atm 
@j_navarra I agree, I miss Thunderstorms in the Caribbean 
storm coming 
so... this storm is going to suck... and im hungry 
I hate storms 
wonders if she should go golf or wild wild wet  http://plurk.com/p/12b5g0
@JessMiester  a storm that hit earlier.  im so bored!
@wrumsby how many runs? The pilots have all been saying it's corker up the mountains. Overcast down here 
Going to bed....I don't like storms. 
I missed a storm!?!? 
The storm really didnt' hit us  but its so hot and humid 
I think we got hit by straightline winds or a tornado!! Lots of trees down &amp; no interwebs 
watching the sun go down and the black clouds coming in. sadly, we need the rain 
scared of tornado warnings 
no likey storms. 
I hate storms. 
boo disappointed in storm, wanted one that was more wicked than it was  
I don't like storms. 
haley wont listen to my dream about me falling into a pool when there is snow on the ground.... 
@wraparoundcurl - I'm sad to say I'm kind of jealous... we don't get big storms up here too often 
Its so windy 
ah its raining.  putting up tents in the rain will be fun. come on sun. 
eurgh big thunder storms in shanghai  scary
its 9:06 in the morning here (im in england) i look out the curtains its cloudy , not sunny,cold and looks like its gonna rain 
its 9:11 in the morning here (im in england) i look out the curtains its cloudy , not sunny,cold and looks like its gonna rain 
Wants to lay in the grass. But it's wet. 
@heynonnymouse Too bad about the eggs.  but it sounds like it'll work if you get the temperatures even.
there's a thunder outside...... i hate it!!! 
Just looking up the whether on wetter.com. It isn't good.. 
Oh, the midwestern humidity 
The depressing rainy season has set in.  Muggy and humid... phew.. 
 its cold and semi-rainy here
@CorinaBecker yeah, we enjoying a little sunshine before clouds and rain move in til monday.. 
@countrykev She must have one of those older dishes. These storms just pop up &amp; it'll go bye-bye! Once the sun came out, it came back! 
Its so rainy 
@mmhmmstephanie  i think we just got that storm over here. It's a mess.
the wind blows my fears away 
Oh east coast weather-ihate when the sun doesn't get up, neither do I...until like noon 
As much as I love storms... i don't like waking up to a flooded basement... 
Waiting for the sunshine 
Where is the sunshine?? I'm tired of this rain and cloudy skies!! 
i hate days like this.  one minute it rains, then the sun is out then it POURS rain again.  vicious circle 
so wet and rainy!! 
its rainy here 
http://twitpic.com/7wy3n - All wet in ponchos  ughhhhhhh
feelin gloomy on this rainy day in philly 
It's 94 degrees right now and cloudy 
rain bleh   where is the sun?!?!?!
I don't like strong wind that knocks down trees  eww
Just finished a rainy 6k run with @christinabot. Would ride but still lacking a straight/strong rear wheel 
Its wet outside 
@DejaBlade actually their reporting is wrong, thermometer here reads 97 and we're not at the peak of the temps yet.... 
back from the ocean, good to be home! now hear there's a tornado warning 
well the sun peaked through for a short time and I took advantage of it! I'm going to grow even more pale with all this rain!  
I can't get sunshine anywhere 
Humid out again. Makes me feel like being lazy 
@Misspopov Without much sunshine though....... 
i need to go change my jeans, they're all wet.   and yeah, definitely not swimming tonight. too cold/rainy/muggy. O_o
It looks like its about to storm and were going to a bonfire. 
is so full of wind  #wind
I never get headaches and now I got one really bad  grilling in the rain on the new grill and setting up the also new fire pit! summer!
It is pouring....yet once again...I am so tired of being soggy!  
@corybeal it could also mean its rainy in toronto 
doesnt like the thunder storms. 
@dejah_thoris I want some thunderstorms! we don't get those out here in california 
@SarawithanR well... sprinkles could work too. tho i dont have any sprinkles. 
Why is it almost damn near 11:00 and it is still over 85 degrees??? Ugghhh I hate feeling so sticky! 
@notsooglam I hate humidity! 
sos, burnin up, before the storm and its over? 
I want to go out on the back deck naked n let the cool breeze dry my sweat, but my neighbors that could see are still up. 
@obzecyon I hate storms to 
@joejonasgrl88 they sang before the storm!!!! 
like I need my sunshine back 
@eevelyn_r just wet me 
wtf @mandylovee how did you find those so fast? i would've never checked wet seal. actually, they closed the wet seal down at our mall 
watching little miss sunshine..i need sunshine 
Wheres my sunshine? 
sunny day! sticky hot. bad vibration  where is rainy season?
omfg, before the storm live, wow i am speechless &amp; crying  they are amazing
goodness, what supposedly was a warm weekend turned into a gloomy, nippy one instead 
@mahkbahba it's like being inside but outside in the cold, pouring rain that falls from clouds dark as my soul 
i stink steres a storm coming eek 
just finished short spin in the gentle midsummer's drizzle...I do seem to get wet on the bike with unusual frequency this year 
time flies when you're having fun.. of course we're leaving the sun for more clouds &amp; rain 
Where is this much feted sunshine the weather folk were promising? It is cloudy, dull and impossibly muggy 
Frmphh! I washed my dry cleaning bill! 
is going to shower and is not looking forward to the freezing water. 2 degrees tonight, its going to be a very cold night 
 its rainy and such
going to church l8r then to cut grass in the blistering heat.    then swimming!!  yea.  
hoping to see the rainbow after the storm. 
I'm out of dew 
The storm outside is gone away...But the storm inside myself is still here... 
It's a balmy 101in the steel 
I feel bad for all the little fried up slugs on the sidewalk, they had a couple days of cloud coverage and rain, but the sun is out now. 
Revising and soooooo scared of the thunder 
i feel like living in forks.. everyday rain and dust..  i miss the sun!!
It looks like there is going to be a big thunder storm. 
monsoon in birstall again 
@MrHarlem150 dry?? Yikes  lol
is that thunder i hear? 
brrr... this very cold 
Here comes the sun - the beatles. If only!  I feel like we're in london with all this rain.
I'm sweating buckets here... it doesn't pay to be overweight in humidity. 
but who am I kidding.?    It's a bright sunny day with a a brisk north wind and all I do is stare out the window watching the trees...
@kissability have to wait for some hot water first  but thats a great idea...! since the sun just turned into rain 
No more wild wild wet outing 
it just makes me want to a remember a time of dancing in the sunshine and eating marshmellows and seeing rainbows 
i hate storms 
hmmmpphhh...this summers are damn killing  ...waiting impatiently to drench in first monsoon showers n enjoy a cob out there!!!
It is hot and muggy and its supposed to storm... 
What a crappy day - cold, wet, and cloudy 
Just got back from meetings and recording videos. Its been beautifully hot and sunny... now its raining, looks like a storm is brewing 
Is somewhat disapointed that there was no thunder 
@ShannonCragg humidity always ruins it 
@beej55 well they're calling for T-storms around 5 in the 970 
wishing it wasn't 50 million degrees outside 
well i guess the storm clouds past no rain today  boo.. an its sooo hot outside!!! y must u play tricks on us mother nature!?!?!?! lol
@chrisnickinson Its overcast here...and still 85 
heatwaves are exhausting...105* index and rising...saying so makes it worse  
Holy shit. It is so gonna tornado 
Pack your mud boots for Glastonbury... Thunderstorms forecast    http://bit.ly/xwfsq
Its 90 degress 
why do we always end up with bloody fog after sun? why can't we just  have the lush weather that everyone else gets to keep? 
doesn't want to go outside - its too wet and cold 
i hate humidity and sweatin 
Gorgeous morning, the sun is shinning, blue skies pity I have to go to work 
I'll take with me the memories to be my sunshine after the rain. It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday. 
tornado warning---i hate these storms 
@sbuffing chicago is almost as hot  at least you dont have humidity? Yay positivity Haha
@adamashbery you've jinxed it now. We have no sunshine 
@JSBeaman sadly the storm is moving in the direction I am seeing it in 
Another muggy night over here.  And cloudy overhead. 
@quantick  i loved swells. R.I.P x
@DesmoNYCLMT not at all! Its like a 100 degrees here  duh!!
I should be out in the sunshine instead of being stuck inside 
@cyanidesicle It's horribly hot. Humid though, not pleasant 
had lunch outside the pub in the sunshine and wanted to stay there but she had to return to the classroom 
whatt 38.6 celcius degrees? hhh 
@Accessories_UK - hope itn stays good for you guys ... here we are definitely expecting thunder storms 
i think it is starting to rain... thunder-storm...  i'm scared.
Storm clouds have cleard (at least temporarily) albeit the humidity remains to keep us wet in sweat!  
storms? NO! I don't like storms... 
whats going on with the weather. I heard thunder a couple hours ago and now i walk up with a semi clear sky and no rain 
No flying at lunch time by the looks of it, sever thunderstorm warnings, its quite blustery out there now 
it might as well jsut rain if the sun wont come out 
on my way home. damn i miss that sunshine state! all it does is rain here 
@seenandsaid  I hear thunder, too.  
I hear thunder, i see lightnining, i feel rain. 
Finally we had some sunshine again..still my thoughts are with the ones that had to suffer bc of the floods 
@kenarmstrong1 lol ah. except I was talking about the thunderstorm we got for all of 7 mins just now. I didn't get to see any lightening 
nooo i hear thunder 
Off to work in the thunder and lightning! 
Another sunny day here in the south of the netherlands 
@estar79 It wasn't me....I am looking for that sunshine too!! 
@190east ... hey... the weather is so good ... we have 20 degress and no clouds at the skys!!! 
is in rainy amsterdam 
Enjoying the sunshine 
@chameleongirl *waves crazily* I see you and this makes me happy!! 
Is drinking sunny d and eating goldfish 
@denrat123 You should come out here and visit! We have plenty of sunshine!!  I hope all is going well!
going out to enjoy the sunshine again  -x-
@ZDRY you are my sunshine 
@donbruce  It's really windy out though. I don't like to walk in the wind. 
@ArikaL as long as you're dancing where the lightening doesn't strike??? 
@DavidWCrozier I wish I was where you are  It's wet and cold here!
@breeze80 I can only imagine - I'm so excited for you!!!! 
is tweeting outdoors 
@ellylaine thanks Elly, it was a lovely run in the sunshine, although got quite hot, still better than the rain! 
Soakin in the sunshine, I'd have my windows open, but the grass is getting mowed... what a nice problem to have 
@thebleachworks mylo is NOT a mutt!!! - come here with 10+ inches of heavy wet snow!!!! springtime in the rockies!! 
sunshine is out 
enjoying this sunshine 
Just spent a blissful hour in my hammock, under the Eucalpytus tree, enjoying the sunshine &amp; the birdsong 
Enjoying the sunshine, having toast 
@sunshine_masha you rock 
It's 63 degrees outside and cloudy...I do love days like this, it's so relaxing.  The birds are singing and it just makes me happy! 
is glad she gave in to the sunshine.  #fb
@Houseonahillorg And yes they can be grown indoors...right by a window so they get some sunshine so they can photosynthesize a bit lol 
@trent_reznor Surely the rain cloud that follows you around will block out the sun? 
@darksilvercat well at least you will be equipped for it  but I thought it never rained in sunny aus???
it's very nice and sunny now here in d necks of our woods. just gorgeous. they said after the rain, d sun shines &amp; clear skies 
Hey twitters, what would make you throw inhibition to the wind??? 
The smell of warm rain on the pavement... spring is here 
thunder and lightning makes me feel all warm inside.   i think i'll go to bed now.  nite tweople.
Goooooooooood morning  !! The sun is shining and the sky is blue, perfect weather for a party.
@DJPhoenix is it really raining over there? it's like 80 degrees here!! i love it 
@TheOneChip waves 
watching the F1, kinda wet  oooooooo   big crash just happened
@grahamallcott haaaaaa!  I bet it's the magnetic storms 
loving the sunshine. makes me feel happy 
Enjoying the sun and the endless schreeking sounds of the seagulls down by the waterpark 
@Gailporter go out in the sunshine  maybe there is some outdoor comedy somewhere, or watch comedy when you get back.
beautiful sunshine 
off to veggie bbq in the sunshine  
@jmbuckingham Not me. I'm as pure as the snow. But I drifted. 
just woke up to the birds chirping and light sunshine through my windows, i love the spring 
rainy, cool day here - love seeing the buds emerge after the first real spring rain 
i am baking outside my house in the sun wishin i was outside snow goose wi wine in hand! 
@SammiCoralea ah cheer up, its sunny 
Just woke up to blue skies and sunshine 
enjoying the sunshine 
is enjoying the sunshine  and getting ready to go round mels house  x
Running off into the sunshine...may well not return 
@dvineexpression I'm sending the wind to you. 
is loving sunshine driving; even washed the motor 
sunshine and summmmmmmmertime  and you know what that means....
I think I do have a cold, but the sunshine will make it feel better 
Off out with my best mate later whoop! And its sunny! 
@ER305 goodmorning sunshine  how r u doinnn
now lovin' the manchester sunshine!  x
Going out to enjoy this rare lovely sunshine we have 
sunshine is awesome 
Ahh the sunshine always makes me smile 
slept through all the storms 
its soooo sunny outside  i love it! i want to go back to garys and sarahs nowwwww!
Comming home from school, nice weather outside and listening to this song while walking thru the sun.  ? http://blip.fm/~4mpks
enjoying the sunshine 
Bathing in sunshine 
is off to celebrate in the sunshine... first major hurdle over 
glorious sunshine 
is loving the sunshine 
We need some positive vibes for these rainy days, let the sun come out keep push those clouds away 
@Damevegas oil warmer? Thanks  I'll call it oil warmer from now on.
is going out to enjoy the sunshine 
Its sunny again.  shorts?! :p
A rainy daaaaay!! 
Enjoying the calm before the storm 
Morning all...another sunny one here 
Just got up, loving the sunshine 
hooray!  sunshine 
is smiling at the sunshine 
@jhuddly its trying to haha. I'm still hoping for that storm!! 
@natybaby rainbows after the storm 
bring on the great outdoors 
enjoying yet another lazy Sat'day...a bright sunny one. 
What a wonderfull sunny dae. 
lie-in, now some food, possibly more booze later + sunshine = ace 
enjoyed going out in the sunshine and shopping 
@buckhollywood wots the weather like buck? doin hoedwn throdwn across the pond in hot sunshine 
Just played some teatherball out in the nice warm sunshine 
@ninanyc I haven't met a sun shower I haven't embraced!  Just took a tour of the garden in the rain- the smell, the blooms, lovely.
ONE more song. a little boom boom pow. then off to bed!  yay for late nights...
Is going to get drunk in the lovely sunshine 
veeery sunny 
is happy to be on cricket ground after almost 12 years  want to continue but scorching heat is turning to be spoilsport
really lovely sunshine now 
dressed for rainy run and hoping not to be mocked for my short shorts 
is happy to see sunshine!! 
i could listen to the sound of rain &amp; birds forever. i can't wait to have a porch swing someday 
Wow - we have a fair amount of bright sunshine for a predicted rainy day 
Just beat the storm to work 
also, it is amazing outside! finally warm and sunny  moving out and going shopping later 
@ecastx0 amazing and wet 
Forecasts say maybe a little more than a slight breeze 
I love the sunshine and the happiness it brings 
aaahhh, showers are great 
sunny day, sunny outlook 
@thumbprints The winds nearly blew you out of the outfield. 
.... you are my sunshine, my only sunshine.... 
can't be arsed to get out of bed  hello sunshine 
summer clothes panic over..I see rain clouds !!  still going swimming though..I'm feeling in a holiday mood 
@anirbanchatz this is the beauty of delhi. it gets super hot and then it breaks into th craziest rain. a hail storm was a surprise 
@galaxyhappyman It's the quiet before the storm! Not long until our millions 
@PaulAvery The rain in spain stays mainly in the plain 
@ksymmonds *waves* 
sun is already out &amp; shining- perfect for another run on the trail... then gardening for my mom. 
Going for a #walk because the #sunshine is out 
about to go and sit in the sunshine  
@ipickpretty Absolutely, my dear, as a bit of an old bird I urge you to make hay while the sun shines 
@windy6 removedor as in acetona? 
going to the park early, yay for kickball and sunshine 
Just rode out another one of oklahoma's finest tornados 
i would never let the sun forget to shine upon your face so when others would have rain clouds you'd have only sunny days 
hola  windy daaay
@TheFAKEJamaaL I'm on the same movement .. LOL enjoying this thunderstorm  ..
Thunderstorms make me happy 
its sunny again!!!!!! good vibes  xx
My joy was slightly cooler and blustier than I expected!  but I love the sunshine
@shiningCHER good morning sunshine 
@MaryeAudet Our rain is falling sideways, slapping against the glass in my office, and the wind is howling.   
@italylogue I am hoping for 75 and  nice breezes  aaaahhhhh......
rainy night.... so peaceful 
I like the thunder 
@scubagirl12  i bet my waves would kick your waves ass. 
finally saw sunshine cleaning and lovvved it 
Off for a bike ride.. Although the intended participants are dropping like flies. Lightweights, its only rain! 
@PinkBerryGirl LOL, believe me sunshine I will  I see you I smile . How could I ever forget that?
@promosrus I hate cold showers. I use warm water even in crazy summer heat. I know that's weird, no reason to point out the obvious 
Finally stopping raining watching atheletes warm up for the finals on deansgate 
i'm walking on sunshine 
http://twitpic.com/5ddeo - Three days on wet and windy moors and my hair has taken a turn for the curly. 
@WeTheTRAVIS its rainy snowy sunny AND etc. 
Listening to the rain hit the window, the cars driving by on the wet road and the relaxing sound of yacht. 
@JasonSandquist Naturally it must be drank indoors on turf as opposed to outdoors 
@cassettetapes rocking the snow wars. 
inn monctonn ,  loves shopping &amp; crystal palace / hates rain :@
there's sunshine in every smile 
is laying in bed. Eyes burning from the pollen in which the 82 degrees brought out  heat + pollen = fucking gay!
@robertbasic Thanks man, sunshine warmly appreciated  mmmm, warm sunshine 
vegas is sooo soon. I can taste the sunshine... 
@kim1966 it's sunny sunny sunny here, you can have some of mine, I've got plenty, hopefully give you a boost 
@gonetoearth love the roses fabric, reminds me a warm sunny days 
just sitting in the park and enjoy the sunshine 
Whether the sun's shining or it's great weather for ducks (as it is here!) , have a good day all 
perfect for the sun shining through the trees...good morning world  ? http://blip.fm/~6it4y
@YatPundit which is every where except greenland  (the warmer climes, that is)
@markc we'll have to shoot indoors 
@salandpepper Off the train now and walking in the surprise sunshine 
what i love about north jersey- no earthquakes. no tornados. no hurricanes. and it comes with all the perks of nyc 
enjoying the sunshine 
@OneLuvGurl good morning sunshine 
good morning to the world, its sunny here, hope its sunny wherever you are ??!!   
Weekend is looking fine...sunshine, tunes and a few sherberts 
@MsRivercity *waves hello* 
@thunder121 I like that song! 
i love rain.  warm with the heater, twittering away, got my pashmena scarf and neighbours is just about on 
Enjoying the sunshine 
editing some daisy-sunshine-shots 
The frogs are so loud outside I can hear them inside  Lots of rain = Lots of frogs!
heading to brick lane and portobello in the sunshine 
Seems the worst of the storms are over but going to be a windy night more showers for the next coupls of days - garden loving it 
@mikroanalogo *waves hello*   How are you?
@NicholaJagger you should be down here its sunny 
@eddiecurry That I can deal with.. lol :p no, but I like it when its about 15+degrees.. that's nice 
90 degrees and sunny 
sunny and raining*favorite* 
@Rebekaaa  it really is. It's fucking glorious sunshine now -.-
.. I got sunshine 
Up and about.  I love the sunshine that comes through my window.  
i'm the sun, then i'm the rain. i'm someone you can't explain 
rain. thunder. ok... earth needed it 
In about 5 minutes I'm heading into the tornado but by 2;15 i'll be into the eye of the storm 
@CharlotteMarie oh good golly...rain clouds and critters..you WILL be a happy girl 
Looove thunder storms  Http://twitpic.com/5zku4
@jillchua you are my sunshine... my only sunshine... 
@PaigeTJohnson exactly  and it doesn't have cold winters!  it's like 45 degrees in january and is 65-70 in july!
watching a cool thunderstorm from my patio. also just almost knocked over chair. not cuz of storm. i'm just a klutz. 
Driving into a huge thunder and hail storm with 60 mph winds right now. The news seems to think this is a bad idea. 
and the raindrops started falling 
No more thunder 
@BajaHyena &quot;We come in peace. With cold, wet noses and voracious apetites.&quot; 
@makavellirayne lights kills the rain mood... maybe some candles 
got up to open the curtains and ended up in the park running, the power of sunshine 
Loving the sunshine 
sun's out, temps are up, wind isn't too bad. think i'll spend the afternoon/evening riding over hills and dales  woop!
Goodmoring sunshine!!! 
@VNiQ  how's the V on this sunny sunny day I bet you're smiley hahaha
