Most common words for this cluster:
[('super', 381), ('day', 28), ('time', 20), ('today', 18), ('tomorrow', 16), ('night', 15), ('i', 14), ('sad', 12), ('work', 11), ('mario', 11), ('amp', 11), ('home', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Super', 0.9778240919113159), (u'Micro_Computer_SMCI', 0.6750567555427551), (u'ALL_SS_CODES', 0.6747398972511292), (u'fast_doc_uploader', 0.633048415184021), (u'Earns_Coveted_Angie_List', 0.6088578104972839), (u'Super_ACF_PIML', 0.603799045085907), (u'Dynamic_Duos', 0.577343225479126), (u'Mash_Bros.', 0.5749273896217346), (u'Bit_Mapping', 0.5620946288108826), (u'Stock_Four_Cylinder', 0.5562009811401367)]





Super ill 
@Super_Angel I was wondering if y'all were going to observe the passover, I'm sad our church is not doing it this year. 
Super worried about everything 
Going to DISNEYLAND!!! Super stoked! Already missin the bf though 
did not expect that Chen Super Kings wud start dis season wit a loss  c'mon MS !!
Super Kings lose 
Going home from surverying class.. Super tired  all the math ahhh!! But feel great bc I learned a lot. http://twitpic.com/3j349
Oh dear, the Sharks have really lost the plot in the Super 14. I'll go sulk quietly in the corner now   http://bit.ly/wvWIp
Super hungover today  hmm a few glasses of Pinot lead 2 a couple shots of Stoli and so on, and so forth! Wine is like my gateway drug!
Leaving Trollstigen, heading towards Bjorli. Super-dissapointed over Trollstigen. Not spectacular at all   http://twitpic.com/3l2dv
Super cold. 
@rickyhorror Super jealous. Still haven't seen season 2 
Sch going to start soon.. Super SIANZ!!!!!!!!!! 
Ah potatoes! De Oirish tour be over and Super Tennis be goin home 
In the streetz of L.A. going to the pharmacy... my lil prince is sick  Super Mommy's on duty!
Home. Super active day. Wrecked! Loads of housework to do though. 
Super tired, I left my camera at Tasha's house!! 
Super bored, Not looking forward to school tommarrow. 
Lost my Nokia 6233 last evening, in front of my own house! Super stupidity 
@Hamperlady Super jealous of your garden coffee breaks  Wish i was there!!
@bakat mayor of cainta... were close right since friday. i forgot to tell you. Super hassle! 
Super bummed. Sectionals is not going to happen eventhough we won and advanced. 
Super exhausted 
@alexacallanta I missed so much this summer  Super wanna make sulit the last month !!
Super bummed I missed out on the team ride  Guess it's gonna be a lonely day on the saddle.
is guessing he didn't schedule his appointment with Super Boo early enough 
played a bit too hard! Super sunburnt again   Second time this year. And used SPF 70!!!
Lonnngggg day! Super tired. Sad to be home 
Super busy day today. Getting ready for my new job tomorrow &amp; my daughters first day of preschool  It'll be an interesting day tomorrow!
might restart Boom Blox when he gets in. Still mourning the passing of Super Mario Galaxy. 
Super tired - don't know what's wrong with me - I feel really wiped out at the moment  xxx #trendfixing
Super Bummed dat Allison didnt win dis cycle of ANTM 
Super cold, and tired and i miss steven 
Watching Mansons &quot;Arma-GodDamn-MotherF*cking-Geddon video once before going to bed. Super colitis sick tonight. 
Did general cleaning of the whole house with mom. Lots of stuff to donate. Super exhausted but still gotta study. 3 finals of monday. Fml 
Super awesome. Just accidently rubbed brown oil pastel on my blanket. It looks like a shit streak. 
Super sad day...mrs Reeser's husband passed away this a.m.  
I need to make a decision. Please help me  N or U? Super troubled!!! (
no pub quiz  However, this means I can cram and watch finale of Lost. Super.
Super depressed the veronicas show in Vancouver sold out  praying they come to TO
Super sick its unreal, even my bones and joints hurt 
Super sad !! I want @celtics at the finals..  lost my passion for this NBA season !
Kid flashback I asked my daddy for a Nintindo he bought me a ATARI lmao damn while ever1 else played Super Mario I was playing PITFALL 
Picking my new baby up today, excited just doesn't cover it. Super sore from the gym - but that's what you get for not warming up! 
It's sad, my house hunting notes consist of: Out of budget, Super out of budget and insanely out of budget 
Super bummin 
Itchy allergies  Kept making me mess up playing Super Mario!
Super bored at work and no ones awake!  Ew :/
Super sick  tomorrow is going to be spent curled up in bed filling out job applications and watching tv.
@Syncbot Are you talking about the Super Suit or Hero Suit?  The ones that you only get for 30/100 Super Jumps?  I've never gotten those 
Super tristee  .. hee roto mi perfume favv.. qee mall llorare enverdad
@iprmktg Haaay are those the Kettle black joints???  I have them in black!!! Super dope, just wished they came in gold!!! 
Is leaving Utah today  Super Sad Face
Super bummed the Whitecaps game plans with friends fell through...I now need to be home by 7 to let the sitter go 
Super discouraging day: sketchy interview &amp; no luck on selling my car. Boo!  #fb
Super sleeply, only two more hours till I get to go home 
I haven't eaten since last night.  Super hungry, but not feeling the jello or pudding. 
Super drunk and at a dance club in old town, soooooo many chicks, so little game 
What is the deal with blogspot?. Super slow. Or is it only me? cudnt load  cudnt comment 
Super bad headache.  going to sleep. ((should be an interesting weekend. lol. ))
Considering watching the Super 14 finals tonight at 1:30am... though I'm feeling tired already and it's only 5pm 
AhHhHhHhHh! Super Headache! Ouuuuuchhh.. 
Ending to Bionic Commando: Super Big Disappointment  #bioniccommando
Doctor drawing out dirty blood from my ankle... Super duper pain. More pain than tattooing 
I DON'T think that I'll get up at 3am to watch the Super 14 final, thanks. This is what you get when the feckin' final is in SA 
Super nice day, two cup finals and I'm stuck at work GREAT! 
Watching the Super 14 final.  Not hopeful for the Chiefs... 
Super sick..it came out of nowhere..ugh!! 
is cleaning my room, the bathroom, the kitchen and re-booting the computer   I guess I'll put Super Mario on hold...
@skinsobrown You should be here for pizza and Super Mario Bro 
I really wanted to go to Super Target tonight but then a bunch of people just randomly came over to our house. 
I cant get the twitter website to work from my phone. Super sad face 
@CarebearJK Wow...that's amazing. Super pricey. 
Super sad that I had lost my purse, would need to organize getting all atm, credit, ID &amp; license cards...all over again! Full of drama! 
Super tired.. but cant fall asleep 
@cookie_crumbles I think I need a shower too. Super humid here though, so the minute you step out, you need another one - vicious cycle 
#Rugby #Lions Just watched highlights of the Super 14 final, I am worried, very worried. The Bulls looked like men, the Lions like boys 
@gomezkun omg DK for Super NES FTW. I miss that game 
6.40am. Super cold and im still tired 
Super annoyed. I wrote a blog that took me 2 hours to write. And its gone now and i didn't get to save it. 
Just got back from our long lakwatsa. Super sakit ng paa ko huhuhu.  I need a massage 
This is a late tweet: Great great camp! Super fun... I mean honestly, the people there have been on my mind for days! I miss them...  
Lunch @ the park with the two V's and then saw UP in 3D. Super cute movie, although the beginning was a little depressing. 
@CameronsFace I did the Super Scream kind of thing @ the top of the Strat, I wanted 2 do the 1 that shoots u over the edge 2 but no time 
Up. Super sick. Fuck. 
Super slooooowwww internet, can't browse, can't upload photos, can't use messenger. I'll just sleep 
Super hot at college today....i hate computers on hot days. The fan is blowing warm air!  #SArmy
Just emailed Super Talent support ie the 64gb SSD for my netbook not working, now showing as JM Loader 001 
I just realized I spelled chic from chicflick as chick ahahahah! funny. ) @aiaaaa Super!! It's funny! but, super nakakaawa si Sam. 
@Addiiee Fashion week and dinnerwith Super Sonics without me? 
Last week on hannah Montana! Super sad 
@dangerphill Boo  But I guess you need a kitchen so I can't really moan! P.S Yesterday we had Super Twisters that were 2big 2 even finish!
Super hot n muggy 2day 
Doing homework right now... Super bored 
Super sad I missed my only chance to audition for the new moon!  Well I'll be at the next auditions for sure.
Super pissed offf 
Super bummed. Can't even focus on my finals. That and I have swollen and bruised foot 
I want that Super Card 
Super dazed &amp; tired. I want to go to bed, but I have too much work 
Super sleepy but I still have to read for International Eco and search for a good thesis base article 
waa i wanted a new wii zelda game  Oh well Super Mario Galaxy 2 should be good
Super fucking sick, this sucks 
Super busy day today... no time to tweet... or be naughty...  oh well, there's always tomorrow!
Super tired but can't sleep! That's the worst 
Super depressed..failed a mid term already..bellyache..crammin for another mid term 
@1capplegate Omgg really? Super, cant wait for the final episode. ABC sucks so badly for letting an emmy winning show go. Stupid execs!!! 
Super shitty day 
Super nerveos about walking in heels tomorrow on the runway...jesus. I cant sleep. I hope i dont eat shit. 
@izasingson yes!My brother went home already.Super hassle!!And scary 
Ughhh, Super sicklike  Finally got some sleep aids and sianades on board...lets try this again, gnight!
Super bored  .. What can I do 2 day
I need to go to sleep early tonight. Super sad I can't see drp d3@d 
Not going to make it to Super Con today  But we will be there tomorrow!
My MacBook Pro Super Drive is now officially dead!   Not a
Just leavin my Romey Rome.......and him can walk and say/wave bye-bye  Awwwwwww *Super Sexy*
Hard drive failed. Vacation photos may all be lost. Super sad right now. 
I'm looking forward to getting Super Jeep back from her upgrades.  Unfortunately the damn shop hasn't called me yet with a status update. 
Super full right now 
is being followed by britney fuck vids again. Super sad tonite, but at least I got to say bye to everyone 
Schools OUT Super SAD 
On d KLM to Pahang! Weee..! Super sleepy tho..  - http://tweet.sg
@weirdjello Super bummed  was looking fwd to moving my sim into the Wolffe house... Thanks for letting me know!
[-O] Super tired! Bout to pass da hell out. Wish I woulda gone out!!!  http://tinyurl.com/p8ug3a
Super jail &lt;3 I miss manda 
Super tired with a tummy ache  ...I want to go to a Yankee game
Super fed up today, ergh 
Super bad night . Wish I was in van. Going home 
I'm soo bored I'm posting Super random shit...LMAO no one should be awake this early 
At work this morning. Super sore throat feeling like crap  yuck!
wow for thinking sleeping in yesterday would help.. Not so much . Super tried and gotta head to Aveda 
Super hyper. I really shouldn't have been drinking that Cult Cola that fast! I'm feeling bad 
@Super_Star_Lady Cause you can't. 
I need a job. Super bad. Hmphhh 
Super sick yesterday and all of today  It makes studying for my test a lot harder and almost non existent.
Bowling with my son's little league football team....and dude I f'in SUCK  *Super Sexy*
Super fail, sold out! Time to go home.. 
@ work .. Super busy wanna be off! 
Super fun long day outside - but somebody stole the sunshine.  Brrr 
... Super super burnt     not looking forward to tomorrow when i'll really feel it. Ugh
Super queasy  I would be scared of pregnancy, but of memory serves me correctly u need interaction with a man for that to happen. Right?
gawd, I can't run any games on my Super UFO! 
Super sick driving home..30 more minutes to go   call me and keep me company?
Super car sick!  ugh!
Super lonely  and bord!!!
Super amazing night. I wish i didn't have 2 go so early 
I think we made &quot;Super Daddy&quot; (@bribearsd) mad.. 
@randomflowers lol, things could get worse for you depending on the result of Super Villians pit stop 
just woke up next to her hubbs. I loooooveee that feeling. Now its bk 2 sleep tho. Super tired 
Broke down, used a coupon &amp; got @greenmill001 p/u pizza last night. Super disappointed in both service and quality of the pizza this time 
Just got out of church. Super sore 
Waiting at the airport... Super early 
Going shell hunting with the fam. Super hot and probably wont get tan 
Super sad to be stuck at work till 5 and not playing kickball with @sfkbc right now. 
My head is Super hurting... I think id better get some sleep.. taking Willi to the emergency appt tomorrow  Hope they can 'fix' his teeth
@murky_slink Yeah, I don't know why my picture won't show up.  Super weird  Also, come outside and see the light, we've missed you!
Super headache 
Super happy for tony!!!!!!!!  Not so much for my other fave dale jr!  #NASCAR
Super sore back  everything's sore tonight ~ can't sleep. I pay way too much on satellite for there to be NOTHING on. Such a whiner lol!
Ugh it's summer, I shouldn't feel so stressed out about my two classes.  Super-sadness.Might as well go to bed, I can't think anymore.
btw just came back from school. Exhausted shits. Walked for 10 miles around the school for hours! Super tired and sleepy 
Super want to watch dexter but cant find my dvd 
Super tired... But summer camp is waiting! 
Super sleepy today. Going to the gym later with Bay. Gary left me by myself in summer school 
@tommyvallier Super sad to be missing it  Hopefully next time, have a good time!
Lunch time!! Super bummed about no indy 
Super pissed!!! Training cancelled this morning...  oh well, off for a 5 mile run!!
Super excited about possibly getting role, but there's just 1 downside: I'd have to wait another year or so to go to college  Well, celebs
@leighalexander punch. Takes up way too much time in my DS when I need to finish Super Robot Taisen OG 
Super sad day. Lexi is missing. 2 hours now 
Super long, not fun day 
Super sad... My pink ring snapped 
Sauteed skate, green grape gazpacho and sauteed mixed greens from CSA w pignoli and raisins. Super summer supper w/o super summer weather 
Super tired but i cant sleep! 
Super jealous of Todd and his vacation 
Super sick  went up turnbull .. Cuda died -_- lmao. Fun day. Cutie is in my classs!(;
Super busy day ahead!!  Wishing I was packing to go to Connecticut. 
@Cyhwuhx I've been stuck at the same bit in Super Metroid for the past month 
@Super_foxXx  i need to start packing too!! its so long tho  . when r u goin to london? im manx till the middle/end of july...
Super Soreeee 
Super sick  maybe strep throat? trying to get better...
I Am Super Duper Hungry 
Super tired. Got school again tmrw 
At work. Super sleepy  and my boyfriend is back at my place all comfy in my bed!
Ughhhh another huge crack on my windshield wtf ... &quot; Super annoying ... Its big 
@LucySummer_JBxo Noo ;] haha. ; pp Super star don't want come to POLAND. 
@_sophiesoph you don't have a bank account?! Wow. I just want a speedlite for my camera. Super expensive 
Waiting for Derrick. Super cold  Off tomorow with nothing to do.
Super hot 
I want to go to thurso again now  home really is NO fun at all  booo. Super fed up  x
Super studying for finals  not in a good mood...you're so immature !!!!
I have a plush Noki and Pianta from Super Mario Sunshine. The other pair is naught to be found. They'll be lonely forever. 
I want those Super Junior t-shirts from DVDHeaven 
Super frustrated with this week!! Finals are super stressful,  I did not get the algebra today 
Super worried about my teeth. :/ 
Super Uber (is that even a word?) bored. This is why I sleep in all summer, because it's raining, 10:31 and I'm out of things to do. 
Super busy day today. The most pressing thing on my mind is my midterm which I have zero time to study for. Stressed 
Super tired. I didn't sleep very well last night. I was tossing and turning all night. I wanna go back to bed. 
Super migraine wtf i cant get out of bed 
chiptole actually let me down. Rushed prep + Super fast eating = 
Trying to hook up my old Super Nintendo, but it's not working! Sad. 
Ordered the wrong thing at the chinese place. Super bummed 
loves Keyboard Cat: Super Mario Bros edition. I'm now using twitter as an alternative to updating my fb status &gt;1 time/day. 
iTunes keeps crashing when I try to update to iPhone 3.0. Super sad face! 
Super bummed @dhdsracer has to work tonight   - dance class in an hour.
Super ugly clouds out there. 
Super never ending cold 
Super upset with my sister right now. She hit on lacrosse boy. 
Super upset with mii hubbii  totalii dissed me for our dinner date.....boo to u
@CoxSockx Ah yeah! That is Super annoying! I when through that many times. 
Super tired and my bus just hasn't bothered to turn this morning #dublinbus 
Jumping on to say hello. Super busy.  if you've sent me an email or dm i'm very behind but will respond as soon as I can! Have a good one!
Super &quot;Ngambek&quot;! To the point that I don't really care anymore... I depend on ME! 
@krutschilling Sorry, not that sweet.  Super boring actually. Great teacher though!
I meant lovely text! Ajaaaa! Super sore from all the flipping 
Super disappointment...  It's a no go 
Damn, Super Scoopers went out of business, now I need to find somebody new to pick up the dog shit in my yard 
Super hungry and nothing here sounds good ! 
Super sad about losing my adorable black jacket.  
Super tired and have swolen ankles 
@Super_Jenova i miss you too!!  &lt;3 and i missed you even more when you left...  &lt;3
Super bored. I miss california 
Super hungry, but I've got a conference call to attend now! 
Super tired from work 
Super unhappy with the two that got cut tonight   #sytycd  Came *thisclose* to dropping the two that annoy me the most!!
Super bored  i think its time for bed! Goodnight world
@reedbraden Dude... Super suck.  I say make a run for it.
Super macetttt, It took me 30mins to just get out from itc buiding 
@reginafrancisco IMYT! &gt;&lt; Super miss na talaga kitaaaa!!  Dance club na 'ko. Goodbye beloved YMAA 
Boring night, I missed someone I wanted to meet. Super bummer. 
Stupid Mamiya, not making a Polaroid back for the Super 23 
Super nice apple peeps serving snacks &amp; drinks (nonalcoholic) in line but no MBP service 4 me today  #squarespace
Super thirsty and im working alone so I can't leave the store  Missing my love!
Unable to get online all day.  Internet is down because of the rain.  Super bummer.  I feel like i'm cut off from the world. 
Sad that I won't be going to Super Summer this year 
Got Super Sculpty, but also super frickin board  for a friday night and no one can do anything 
Super bored at home  wishing i could be in tampa with the girlies
Super awesome ikea trip. But didn't have time to get the hammock 
Super hungry. 
Super sicky!    Of all the weekends to get sick, this is the worst.
Super scared of storms all of a sudden due to the massive lightning/thunder combo strike that sounded like it hit my house this morning 
@bernardyeoh @lokgotz hahahaha girls not as sugoi as last time. even Super GT cut cost 
@Xaan I know. I'm paying for it now. Super tired &amp; no patience with the kids.  But Mr. G comes home at midnight tonight. Yay!!!
OMFG! 100+ degrees @ Sea world. Super, super crowded! ugh. Unbelievable 
Super ticked. Flight to Philidelphia has been delayed almost two hours due to weather 
Awesome graduation party.. Not. Then sleeping because I have to work at 5am tomorrow! I'm so bummed, I miss Raymond.  Super SUPER lame...
@RPauline8913 Super siiick. Father's day panaman. I can't go out with them. 
Talking on the phone with Jeremiah. Super tired 
Super sad that I didn't get to go to the Jonas Brothers concert tonight 
Damn it!, i missed the trivia show  Super sad.
8dtg; watching stupid V8 Super cars, how BORING 
Super Junior, gonna miss seeing you 13 together 
Feeling Super Sick 
Super wal-mart has super lines 
Gathering data and getting ready to wipe Win7 to XP64. WoW randomly crashing was the last straw. Super sad. 
@kid018 ugh yeah I just found out. Super upsetting. I was so excited  at least there's copy/paste now
Watching Super Junior Specail stage at SBS Inkigayo. Really awesomeeeeeeeee. I cant belive that I cant see them anymore  waiting...
Was disappointed by crab roe la mien  Super excited but then realized it wasn't crab roe-y enough 
On my way home. Super tired. Have to be up in 3 hours.... not happy. 
on youtube looking at 80s cartoons. I miss Super Ted 
Super travelin today and super stressed ahhh! Ipods dead on top of it 
@MeaganHatfield Yeah seriously! I'm Super Shuttling it. Or cabbing, but I don't wanna cab alone 
Beyond peeved right now. Missed a call from Brittne because I'm at work. She had 15 minutes to talk too!  Super bummed right now
Super bad reaction to protein shake  vomit was involved..
Super worried right now 
Super late lunch. I dunno why I have an hour lunch. It only takes me 10 min to eat 
Super duper tired. And it's only the 3rd week of the first week of camp 9 long weeks awaits us  Yaaay I get to go to the padre game nxt wk
@sarahudd so sleepy! Super! Must be the weather! 
On the way back to drink up. Super full  challeneged ryan that I'd finish allll my food from in&amp;out.
Circling LAX in a Super Shuttle. Chances of getting home before midnight: unlikely. V already at work, won't see him till tomorrow night 
Super annoyed...i just wanna go to asleep 
Ugh!!! I'm still at the office.  2 more days to go this week   Super busy at work!
@Super_man96 im excited 2! lol i dont have any memories like u and dawas..  lol! but we'll make some! YOU'LL NEVER FORGET ME!!
Super-heated apt = no sleep 4 me. 
Super tired. Have a lot to do but no motivation to do it 
Super rough morning... In so many ways. Couldn't get out of bed today. Running late. 
Watching Super sweet 16, I wish my mummy and daddy were rich  lol God these kids are soooooooooooo spoilt!
@brooklynbabs Miss you too  LOOOOOVVVE the pic!!! Super HOT!!!
Super lonely &amp; depressed atm 
Just finished memorizing poem and reading noli me tangere. Reportings 2m. Super busy.. Dont have much time for tweetering.. 
Super worried for tmr's driving test! 
Hey fellow Tweeters please follow BGLuxuryBandB  Huge things coming really soon! Super Super cute stuff 
@wildpeeta Super Beautiful 
@Super_foxXx Cool Ive never heard that one before 
Super fun day @ dak!! Another crazy show night in store 
@Bittenbefore ice cream phone is the LG Clamshell phone KF350! Super cute  pastel blue like icecream! ^^
I would like a Super size Mc Crushed and some french fries please  http://tinyurl.com/c37dtd
:@ :@ :@ Super Angry .. and I don't even know why  [ ????? ??? ??????? ?? ?????? ????? ????? ????? ??? ]
Mmm, this morning looks delightful! Landed on my day off too. Super 
@jacobat Super..  Think we 6-7 so far then.. 
http://twitpic.com/3nddr - Coachforyou rides his bike to the mountains. | Super Wetter, ab in die Berge mit dem MBike.  #MBike
Super sunny today  .. had a water fight yesterday - it was amazing.
Super fab weekend!!! 
: Just got my personalised plates in the mail for my Alfa 33!! Super stoked 
Just got done performin. Super tired now. Good night  luv ya!
Painted signs..super hot day..went to only 1 class..hung out with jessica..watched FRIENDS..ate some Super T..good way to spend a hot day 
Off to bed. Super late start is bomb. Seriously 
Super-stoked about taking my Wee Man skating for the 1st time tomorrow 
won the last one too $230 buy-in... Ship it! I'm on a roll... out playing Super Nova Elite's.... Loving it 
in glasgow airport after 2hrs sleep. Super polite security &amp;a Greggs the bakers  brap brap. Possibly the best airport in the world
Super tired. I had to babysit until 12 PM! But hey they pay well so i am not complaining. 
Super Smooth Saturday: you gotta smooth things out sometimes people. Vibe with me folks, it's ok  http://tinyurl.com/d3ddkp Enjoy :-D
watching 24/7 pacquaio-hatton. Super excited for the big fight tomorrow! Go Pacman! 
Movies later! Super excited!!!! Get to see him 
Organ is in possession; it has sounds similar to the opening of Super Mario World 
Super Uber Fabulous wedding complete 
@nanisnap that is an awesome shirt!! :O I &lt;3 Super Mario Brothers and Yoshi!! 
Adding Super cute items to my forever 21 wishlist. http://tinyurl.com/dcknc7 click and buy. Easy as Pie  Unless you want to die? I tried.
Just got out of the shower... ooooh yeaaah. Super Sexy Sunday is still on... 
@JaylaStarr Super excited!  We will def have to party hard. &lt;3
just watched Super Sweet 16 on MTV 
@smosh You should have Super Head Esploder 5 on your website!!! That would be awesomeness!  
@morebikes I'm holding out on photoshop'd dog. Hope to green screen her in the movies soon. Super duper silly. 
@Super_Angel oh and what does imk mean?  sorry. 
@rayvenn_nicolee haha..not quite as good a Super Ted!..but good none the less!  haha xx
Followed by the great Super Mazembe. One of the favorites around here  ? http://blip.fm/~5jkbp
 great mood todayyyyyyyyy. Super excited for the game tonight, not so excited to be one year older (tomorrow).
@OfficialBgizzle  Whaaaaaaaaaat?!  Thas HOT B!    Super nice!
Finishing this giraffe, then getting some sleep. Super excited about tomorrow! 
...definitely the first time I've felt alive again in years. Super happy 
Does anyone still play N64 anymore? or Super Nintendo? Weren't those days the best? haha. So many flashbacks! 
I am listening to the music of Super Juniors of Korea. I so like the way they sing and dance. I hope someday i can meet them. 
Super tired watching hannah montana 
A perfect night would include sitting on a couch with some MPTs and watching Super Troopers 
@timprendergast You need to use @ replies, otherwise you're posting random, nonsensical statements. C'mon, Tim!  Super glue = fun.
My spec just gave me more elephants for my collection!! Super excited  working my way up to my first twenty two faster than I thought 
Super busy summer social schedule   Loving it.  And excited for Patrick to arrive tomorrow, even though I'll be working ;(
@AngelaKeen Thanks but I'm gonna pass. Super early day tomorrow. Have fun! 
Someone somewhere liked Super Stacker 2  http://www.smartestgames.com/gotd.php 
Logging my first few hours of work remotely  Super excited to have a job as a Sysadmin
Super exited !!..everything is almost ready / coming soon my store on etsy.com !! 
I just got a new microphone   Super cardioid, Small diaphragm condenser (nerd terminology for you maggie) for live vocals.  I am going ...
@purlingsprite Super congrats on a great run!  You deserve that ice-cream and definitely earned it! 
Thank you all for the kind #followfriday recommendations. Super sweet 
went to see davaid and david at MOA last night. Super cute ni David A! 
@Realtyra loved your shoes during a show not too long ago. Super cute!  I am always a fan of good fashion!
About to pass out! Super tired...good night twitterland! Til tomorrow 
Hmmm. This is embarrassing... I can beat the whole game of Super Mario Bros. in about 10-15 minutes. Haha. 
@JaxRaghibTrail wow...Lots of good things happening for you. Super happy for you 
@agodlymaiden @Super_Angel I can! 
Tired.. I would like to watch Prison Break &lt;3 ABDC was awesome  Super Cr3w!!
My sister got Super Smash Bros Brawl. I am now officially an incredibly, incredibly, INCREDIBLY happy person 
@algonacchick Super rad, I love it. 
@pvponline Super news, Scott! Congrats 
Ew@babies.  Super little ones are cyooot.  Toddlers are gross. I want to punch then in the face when they talk.  I like to see them fall 
@GarethCliff Super headspace just in time for breakfast. Maybe a few cobwebs too  http://twitter.com/filmfairy/statuses/1833532819
Super Junior's repackaged album surpassed the amount sales of their 2nd album!!!!! Sold 200,000 copies!!!!! 
Man U have the title again!!  ...Bulls have to win Super 14! ...Adam has to win American Idol 
@B81Martin I only met him once  Super cool guy
Super excited. I just found a new song to fall in love with  yaaaaaaaay...
@Super__S how many &quot;leave days&quot; do you get? I get 10 for the whole year...very sad. also, i enjoy transformers, i just like gi joe more 
@mitchelmusso I saw you yesterdag on MTV with Super Sweet Sixteen. 
@mitchelmusso I saw you yesterday on MTV with Super Sweet Sixteen. 
Star trek F I N A L L Y ... Super excited um, I mean, my 'friend' is super excited 
@postalguarelas How are things going for you lately? Read u were really enjoying your easel time! Super 
off to Weston-Super-Mare today to see my little brother  swear all i've done for the past week is travel!
Super psyched for this weekend! 
Super excited to see @mthomps tonight. 
#FF kathip22...Super dooper person who is super dooper talented!  A must &quot;follow&quot;  
Super excited for brownies after school 
Super glad I am getting time to fool around on twitter 
@benmoreno Super cute! Looks like y'all are having some great time off! 
:I'm catching up on the online counseling e-mails.  Super geek!  
@MrButterboy Super, hope you'll like it! 
Super busy all day today. moved mom in. 2 blocks is the best distance to have in between us.  good night and god bless
@aminorjourney WOOT!!  Super exciting!!!    Hope all goes wonderfuly well... remember, they expect you to be human.  ;)
Super cute, my son picks up one of my framed family pictures and points at me saying &quot;mama&quot;.  He is so cute I just want to eat him 
Met Benny Dayal!  and he has agreed to record a birthday wish for my sister. I totally love my job  Super kicked!
@Super_Kate I did  I got an ace award from him aswell lol.
Watching Super Why with my lil bro. Cute cartoon! 
@deb1907 Hey! Super Junior's Videoscope was moved to June 6th to include our interview w/ the group and their message for the fans 
@projectedtwin Super cool    Picture?!?!?!
Super tired , so glads its a long weekend 
@dirtydann101 is a FAB young lady 2 #followfriday She's military family, loves music &amp;shares luv &amp;encouragement everywhere. Super tweet! 
