Most common words for this cluster:
[('super', 398), ('day', 18), ('im', 16), ('duper', 14), ('sick', 11), ('lol', 9), ('uber', 9), ('cool', 8), ('today', 8), ('hot', 8), ('headache', 8), ('awesome', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'super', 0.926934003829956), (u'super_duper', 0.6545246839523315), (u'cold_liquid_propellant', 0.6358122825622559), (u'pyroclastic_flows_surging', 0.6205457448959351), (u'smash_bros', 0.6050315499305725), (u'thin_Macbook_Air', 0.6016775965690613), (u'nonflammable_roofs_indoor', 0.5883103609085083), (u'uber', 0.5856177806854248), (u'superduper', 0.5784975290298462), (u'fricken', 0.5763015747070312)]





@edibow No it wasnt a super hero it was slimer from goast busters, i have it too 
Is super, super disappointed! 
super super tired...not going to get any sleep tonight 
@markinscotland super! I've just had soggy corn flakes. eugh! 
I just got really tired and super cold.... I was doing so good all night 
super mega bored. sunday, when there is no prospect of yum food you really suck 
Wait this aint the super-c 
i love the super nice weather.. now i must pick csm or skyline  fudge!! i need help!!
i just had the worst dream ever and im super freaked out because its liked burned into my brain  how come we only remember the bad ones?
@strayfarce *offers a metric fuckton of hugs* That sucks extra super hardcore, hun.  I can kinda relate; I owe the state big time. :-\
uuuhh cut my leg now i cant perform for cheer super dissapointed 
@kayLaanic0le; (super late) &amp; no i didn't see it  let me go peep it. (blog top spot)...
uber uber uber paranoid at home by myself.  dnw.  
helloooo twitletts...I've got an ultra super mega busy week ahead of me 
its super cold in jersey. 
super confused, I hate guys 
@ultramagnetical I know, I'm being super lola status right now  lol
@mrskutcher your hubby looked super hot in a tux. didn't see a pic of you though 
Right now i'm feeling super bad for gunz 
i want to shop super badly 
My ankle is swollen and super red ahhhh!! I'm goin down 
watching super sweet 16... wanting to party 
@xcerahx UGH! super gross! 
super tired!...i think im going to  be late for school! ahhhhh 
being super hung over  BOOOSH!!!
@rplatz i looooved my tummy... now i dunno how i feel. this is super depressing. you actually scarred me 
theres a super smart year three kid in our maths class  quite depressing
super duper bored at work 
wondering what all this hype is about...while i sniff sniff...super sick 
super tiiiired. and hungry.. 
In a super crappy mood now 
@CanelaNYC the hell are you talking about? I'm looking at hardwood floors, one is called morningwood, super expensive though 
@stevezep666 damn that is wild useful, my super power is that I get jealous of everybody   That includes you for your speedy harlem shake
@bradiewebbstack i really really really wanta  ps3...i have a super old original playstation  it sucks that they dont make more games 4 it
Nightmares suckk..my hearts beating super fast..and i cant go back to sleeep 
trying to bloody sleep with my super hang over but somehow i cant 
super long day, super long weekend. 
super tired, super achyy...where's the massage therapist when i need her!! off to bed..wat a disappointing day... 
super tired from workout. ready for tv and food. sorry cavaliers 
@trohman looks like our super awesome meeting 5000 isnt happening for awhile 
Just had a super embarrasing moment....gosh 
got a super cold! 
got beat by super LARRYonation 
off work yesss ! super hungry 
really wish i was at relay for life noww , startinq to qet super boredd 
@onefullyear and @wearebirds im super jealous  I want some
off to bed. super tired 
has a super headache 
@sarconi yeah it went not bad thx ;D super tired yesterday when I got in though. Omw to work now  I KNOW they'll all want ice cream 
super bummed about leaving 
@Cubikmusik super jealous of you right now. I'm writing my effin thesis! 
ORRRR hot chocolate with whipped cream (or super a lot of froth!)!!!!! 
What's uppppp tweople?? I just got done super rushing to get somewhere that closed early.... 
@TizBanana  its super sunny here
AH... super long and exhausting week 
@sarahsuzy That's super lame.  I hope you get some soon!
@kgyrl8 You lost your job?  Recently?  I'm sorry, super-sucks! 
VoQuisha @cadybaby I don't know yett  my rents are being super cool right now.... Who's all going?
 super bummed.
im super sick and I dnt like it 
evening run thwarted by emily having to go out to see a patient. super bummed.  
super upset about dave leaving. i became a blubbering mess 
twitter super baleiando 
super sadface  http://myloc.me/29t6
super bored and its only 10:35 
Feeling super crappy, but at least I'm with my boyy. Ughhhh... 
@TaN_yAy awww  I wish I could go out there... I'm still gonna try my super hardest to go how long will u b there?
@HANAGOOO super hung overish 
doing my super late deadline, hmmf sorrrrry friends for being irresponsible 
fatboy with a non working fast toy 
@Paigefaceee I had to work super late! 
super lazy to upload pics.. sorry. not feeling well still.. 
super tired. do not want to work at all 
Sneezing at super speed. This is not good. 
Just got back from church im super sick and super tired!!!!!!!!! 
@blakefancier not without looking super butch 
I want a super malfi right about now 
erm.....blackberry bold is broken   super bad times
@Mookiema i totally agree and super pissed that i wont see lebron and kobe play. 
@MaritzaNicole it was doing the same thing to me ! i think its a bug they have to fix, i was getting super frustrated ahha. 
my laptop is getting fixed (again), so i'm on this old, super slow one  it's driving me crazzzy
off to work.. super tired this morning.. shouldnt have watched the movie so late 
cashed in the deep stack, but super sad.... ugh, tournaments are heartbreaking 
@thomasrdotorg well, I haven't paid my super for 2 years, so technically I owe about $12K 
just got home... super tired 
super hot day!! 
yuck, school.  im super tired.
@lebout oh no! Sounds painful  should heal super speed in this crazy sun though
Round 2 of shooting with show mag and I'm late and super tired 
this year has gone super quick! 
@shonlock yea, super talent going to waste... 
@nitch79 aaaaaaaaaw  wee girlies were super cute
am bacm from super and i had mee goren seafood! saw 'smthg soupy' onl after i placed my order 
super duper bored at the moment and very uncomfy in my skirt 
i have a headache...like a super-duper bad one..ughhh! make it stop 
super bored doing my homework   i really need to watch some disney channel crap!
@elvisdechico I know! I've just been playing around with it. The autorotate isn't working super well though 
@forwardviolet ugh i wish i could afford to buy sims 3  i hope someone puts up a good torrent super quick (not that crappy prerelease one)
cannot get past level 38 in super stacker 2 
super bored i have to study tonight  blah blah blah .... 
Is burned and looks like a super red tomato. 
@arthurbedran it's boring?  really?  that's super disappointing.  
tired. super sick right now 
feeling super sleepy and knocked out cold today! may as well leave early if possible! 
super disappointed! :|   i cant make pancake. and it tastes like crap!
i jus feel super alone right now! 
Ugh! Its super early I hate waking up this early 
@nook75th @djdocb i'm not listening now  but as in the s is for super and the u is for unique...that song?! jj fad?
@adamtool i still have yet to play super mario galaxy 1 
@Jennsac: yeah .. This super sucks!! I is sad! 
@LovelyRita13 I hope mine's waiting for me at home, although I did not get the super deluxe 
super stressed 
super headache 
Now watching tv and super bored 
super sick!  it aint cool
I'm starting to feel super sick.  Why oh why do I have to work all night??
@sojufied I can do some designs but not the super cool ones 
is having a super duper ginormous terrifying headache 
slept super early without realizing, woke up super early (4am) thanks to dad... why must he always talk to me so early in the morning!! 
watching league of super evil lol im bored what can i say 
homee..tongue is hurting super bad 
super sad day 
(8) Who would've thought that a girl like me would double as a super .......   
Oh my god. I'm like super sick 
@super_fresh that shirt is sold outttttt ; i want it! 
@anxiousdog yeah but then I would have to buy super expensive glass! 
So super stressed and feel so alone  ugh....
And yes, was I right. I have to get up everyday super early for classes  Just my luck.
not as good at super smash bros 64 as I remember 
super hot! 
even my super loose shorts are now getting too tight 
sad...  my super awesome science teacher isn't coming back next year... we got a model lesson on thurs from some other dude... he's wierd.
super sick at home  
the 5k isn't my thing!; super tired, never doing it again. i am not sick!  ttc*&lt;3
cleaning the house! doesn't that sound like super fun...? 
I had a super good idea before i went to bed. - But i forgot it  http://tumblr.com/x261yvog1
super hungry at 3am 
super hungry after vball practice 
I got burnt to an uber crisp 
watching league of super evil lol im bored what can i say 
Gentilly is still post-katrina super depressing 
im super tired, my eyezz ahhh. i got a haircut  i wanted to let it grow but i had a lot of split endzzz 
boyfriend is at the bar  super bored!
@NickoLayP  I cant play it yet!!!!!! im sending in my laptop to get fixed!!!!!!!!!  super sad face
super hot day 
its raining like super heavy  badtimes
Feeling super horny (tworny) in HellA (L.A) 
At the gym but feeling super lazy  might just go for a sauna in a bit!
hail in weston-super-mare ... 
back in brighton and super sick 
feels under talented and like a super misfit 
Some stupid slut was yelling at me just now. I was being super polite too 
ughh, pakistan lost. they need to beat holland by a huge margin to get to the super eight! gaaahh 
Getting owned at super mario kart by my niece 
@Phoebo I know I know  but hey you don't have to put up with super lame lotto jokes......or maybe you do
super tired, really long day 
uugh super bad day 
i am not feeling super great 
super disappointed 
Wow super tired and hungry  no good
I can't sleep. I'm dead tired and super bored but I can't sleep.  Not fun.
Thunderstorm?  It's super super dark outside.
super tired. doesn't have unli anymore. 
so dehydrated. super market needs to open back up 
my piggy got super dirty 
super upset right now, yay me 
@PrettyNoahCyrus your super lucky. it was thunder and lightning heree  xx
today was like super hot 
@warningmark ya super sucky I need to go To summer school too 
ughhhhh jakes here  jk! love him to death! super sweeet! D
@gu_heffner wwwwhhhatttttt   *super sad face*
I hate being super paranoid. It makes me even more scared.  I'm shaking. I hate being alone.
I kind of wish we had done some super posed, artsy fartsy, planned wedding photos...  I wonder if I'll regret it later on.
feeling super sick 
@DavidArchie super excited about going to your concert!!! sad that i have to wait until august.  lol.
@michaelsheen I'm old enough to know them all, but never liked super heroes 
@KardiSmacks Horrible .. im super sick   .. you ?
2 slideshows by friday + grad video + headache, fever, coughing, feeling super dizzy.. dang, not a good combo at all 
Ugh super tired y'all 
Precal, im super lost... 
wow twitter is being weird for me today... super slow 
my computer is being super weird lately   like since last night
@tbrunelle stopping time is my super power, but unfortunately i can only do it for me, i'd share if i could 
It's a super pretty day 
I got daaark  super tired and hungry. Feeeed me.
I can't sleep :| at alll. I'm like.. super super tired. but I'm awake singing untouched. where's my home boy at? 
super cramps. no goood 
layin on the couch super ill 
super missin out on the ocampo party 
i was lucky that a guy passed to the pharmacy today - he got me some optrex for my super red eyes i woke up with 
@hikorystix ... yea, we're slightly lame. this bed is getting super hot... 
i'm sick and tired! super 
On my way to manchester with joanne...super excited for britters. Just wished I felt better 
im a super bad tweeter lately. 
 super tired and bloated with foodsss... dun feel like bathing at all :X
History is super boring and i'm so gonna fail. 
super tierd  just want exams over with.
feeling good. super hot outside! sad john is leaving to go back to work 
@pjross I am mega-bummed I missed you 
getting ready for a super early wake up call...4:30 a.m. 
im freaken exhausted... walked 4 miles!! im super duper duper dark! and i havent eaten. 
I don't think it's fair that super heroes get their own theme songs...I want one too 
Adrian...that is not something one super says to another 
super worried/scared. i NEED a real job  #trackle #squarespace
super high my fridge is gonneee 
am super sleepy right now but i have to head out for projects. argh! 
bout to shower. super fustrated rite now 
super sllloooowwww dsl..       ugh!!!!!!!!!!...... 
Feeling super duper restless, manzxzxzxz!! 
im back and super cut!! 
@cbetta its super fast, but it keep crashing. no plugins, very vanilla... weird 
is sooo tired and super duper cranky!! 
Damnn iam super uber sleeepy! 
I have training tml but I can't sleep  I am feeling super super insecure right now.
feeling super crampy 
I want to be home, learning how to crochet a katamari toy.  With super-strong MAGNETS.  Instead, I'm at work, where there is no yarn.  
wanted to go to basketball but totally do not feel good, and am super bored 
@johnnythefuture I am offended for I am not there...and super bummed out about missing my pseudo store lil brother's big day 
I looking for super super gift 4 my dad, I can't find something super super special like him 
@ladyluckrulesok will there be anymore super summer swag bags? i missed out 
super worried 
@captainsharmie ooh! super violent. I'm sorry to hear that 
@ShinyLover27  I love forever 21! ur super lucky. I think the closest one here is in downtown sac 
Last day of this super duper amazing awesome vacation!! Really don't wanna go hooooome 
Oh no my super cool lime green phone cover is messed up! I dropped it and it came off. It's all loose now. 
going to bed super early.. had a bad day 
has a super massive headache 
UGH! im super tired!! 
@kmorning so guess who also ended up super cooked 
akibat skip solat isya 2 malam berturut&quot;: mimpi super aneh dan super seram 
@sluce17 its super creepy when ur watching it all alone with all the lights out 
super lazyyyy  I need some sweets 
@babygirlparis no super star has ever spokin to me sad 
Feeling super sick... 
@mzjerzi my uber is acting up 
just drawing super bored 
hmmm...well im super duper boredd! 
is feeeelllinggg super tired. 
its super hot and i have a headache 
super bored. come home now. 
correction, 1/3 of the tree gone *super unhappy smiley* 
i had a super long day, i feel bad for not being able to hang out with you tomorrow, it's not my fault 
@MolliM i wontttt. im super depressed im going without you all! 
@beccaface08 ewwwww. he's icky. I can't. believe manny and spinner dated! super ewwwwww.  poor spinner. he needs help. and a hug. 
@catherinelaaavs but you're not with me right now   hahah super cheeezy!
super bored. haha should have gone out tonight... but decided to chill. 
there is a super scary monster 
super humid! hate it 
@FantasticTONI now am super confused 
super duper mega busy. no wifi here. sucks bigtime.  i want kfc fries!!! huhuhu
I hate rainy days when I have to work super early 
what a super awesome really swell day. 
@FrillyHills warning about the super-cheap super-bulk washing powder at corner-stores... usually fake 
What a finish,last 20 mins were super! Lions were so close! 
super junior is ending their promotions for 3rd album today 
wish  there was a super fast phd program 
just got up. going to the aquarium today! super stoked! i miss all my Friends! 
@AnthonyTilghman I'd love to use uber but it doesn't like my bb. 
@ddlovato gah. that's horrible.  i'd get super clausterphobic.. bahaha. i don't even know if i spelled that right. xD
@0summerbreeze0 haha that was cute, that made me lol  its like super mellow and gloomy in socal, def not beach weather 
I don't think I'm gonna be able to make...super tired already..and I've got ages yet! 
@lizcerda aw, that's super exciting, but a huge bummer  we'll have to see her before she leaves! do you know when she's moving?
super annoyed that im at work right now. sorry brynn 
its cold, im bored and super lonely 
i am crashing after a super long day and crying her eyes out 
@taeheckard love, it may hurt bt super powers would give me too much responsibility 
ugh, is the cellcast super faily for anyone else? so garbled and blogtv keeps buffering. 
 super tired, super bad headache. really glad im off for the next two days. miss my laptop soomuch already.
So super sunburnt, its killing me. 
Year One....super disappointing 
@Crissteenuhh http://twitpic.com/7ztxa - lmao effing good times!! awh even though my super rock disappeared  lol
its super hot right here ! im perspirating even with the fan on 
ugh, i hate having nightmares and then waking up feeling super scared because they felt so real. 
Ugh.  I'm late for work and super sleepy. 
super duper upset 
@mamudoon I'm a pretty lame guy and am going to have to back out of visiting. I slept on it and realized I have to do super on my exams 
super bummed 
yeah, i got a super bad migrane.  i was pissed.
@iamsweaters ya super sucky! I heard yesterday i m sorry 
@its_becca i am really getting super jealous of all your tweets from vegas. whyyy didn't you take me with you?!! 
@tracieshu its super cute. we watched it after flipper haha. then we got into tickle fights  haha
@wotreb yes super busy! 
in super huge over my head. back in september. 
@irene_joy ugh. that super blows. 
is seriously very tired of my super slow pc ... can sum1 gimme a break? 
super hungry 
overslept...  geting ready super fast and heading to the pool to layout before work!
super duper sleepy now but my hair's not dry yet  good night anw. i cant take it already
watching super junior eat is making me even more hungry! 
@simongerrans sure you would leave THE super domestique behind. That sux,was looking forward to watching you 
Is thinking its super got and is starving and is burning up 
I took an unexpected 5hr nap....sooooo now I'm up &amp; super energized all by my lonesome 
Just played some fallout, Thooes super mutants are a bit anoying 
hittin the sack  super bummed about school..... my mistake is slapping me in the face 
i misss youu 2..echt super erg 
is off to work super early... 
I'm super super sad.. 
Aww man, I'm out of the super soft Kleenexes 
@jimmysmithtrain yep! Its acting super weird for me! 
I'm in my bed super sick  and its super nice outside
@ALBinLA.  I was just thinking about you tonight!  You have to let me be the first to interview you're a famous super star 
@dhatfield love the new comic girl look  I always you knew you were a super hero...
@laryissa In a fridge,  of course, carried by super-speedy pigeons 
@laenij ah  i was sort of super-busy or i'd hang. but i guess i'll probably see you fairly soon anyway. /hates being alone 
super tired but super excited that all my keys are working now  hahah with A.Cogg :]
gearing up for a super saturday 
@FarnsworthJames have a super amazing one 
going old school...playing super mario brothers. 
wants to look super sexy for her hubbeee tonight.  get me some.
super excited for the new album @EADave 
@babyrabies That's the coolest onesie ever!  And a super cute babe to boot!  
Fabulous super hero roleplay  I love being a sexy villainess in shiny black rubber!
@stephenfry I'm jealous but super pleased you had such an idyllic morning. We all need one of those. 
super tired... it's too early to be awake on a weekend. kings island later 
just finished listening to the new bombay bicycle club song!!! its super!!! 
@JaylaStarr that's how u know they are driving a loafer. In a nice car u never let it go below 1/4 and always use super 
super jail is on....  the redhead sorda scares me :?
@Roonaldo107 im super dooper thankyou....glad hands bk in action 
@adnankhan yep just went to the show and it was super super awesome 
thinks one of the best parts about being overseas is getting early happy birthday messages. Yay for super long birthdays! 
sigh super tired 
super nervous about tomorrow... might get to hear the heart beat... 
@j1s2004 yeah its super cute 
super sleepy, late morning, but i still made it to work on time 
@kimkardashian http://twitpic.com/4e3il - I'm lovin the outfits... u girls look super hot!  skate parties r always fun! 
@natesablan you'll probably hear through the gravevine...the pit got very lucky tonight w/ some super rich swedish guy! I'm so happy!! 
am super excited talking about the plans with Ivalyn. 
super uber bored. might be hanging out with sarah later. 
@AlanDarcy What's up with the super long number?  
@sethfan19 I'm gonna restart my computer super quick! I'll be on in 5 mins 
@jawar really ? now that's really cool...why not give it a try again ?? u'll be a super-rockstar celebrity &amp; ur followers will explode ! 
This is a super beautiful day 
@Ruthaloop its super cute 
super awesome day... found EXACTLY what I wanted 
@danielleg1709 hahaha this is super late, but thank you!!   
manang is back! had a great dinner!  super busog :O
@justinsxe woot, woot! super cool 
super excited 
@CompanyWoman haha i have 2 ask, are you 2 as beautiful as ur voices? curse u super cool beautiful women who are likely unavailable! lol 
@ShelbyStroman yes!! it is, like, super-glued inside my head. 
@jesuisnancy that's really ultra sweet 
super duber high! this klondike bar is thee business. 
@noannina super nintendo rocks, i have one too and some games! 
@brodie957 I got that txt last night with u holding a kangaroo..had me thinkin' i was more fucked up than i really was! haha super cool 
@kelseyrahn  Thanks for babysitting and the super-sweet card 
being super lazy today and it feels very nice 
@super_josh following you... 
Here is a funny one I added laughter on my list twice. I guess its super important 
just had my first follower super exited 
@daytonafastback thanks!!  super sweet 
@rexthecat it looks like it to me..  damn my destructive super-powers.. damn them to hell..
super excited 
@lancearmstrong super nice carving 
Going to attempt a new super secret mod 
@Sergiomasellis that's not me, Just a super bad ass awesome version of myself  learn how to use pro tools and do my sound design 
@retinart   http://bit.ly/SqsSb check out my super-uber-mega-mecha-ultra-epic-awesome-ultimate-end-all twitter list ... 
thinking about her super sexy boyfriend 
1/3 way in new moon now! heh.. super cool! makes my imagination run wild!!! 
photo of the day! taken in melbourne on my superdooper super sampler  http://twitgoo.com/3n0x
@buryuntime NO not at all  special as in super!!!
the buzz! super lazy sunday 
@super_trouper @pinkteacozy Just wait until I get the other ones up we took yesterday 
@Buddhabar @bobbyvoicu e super. nice work 
super board i have nothing to do so im watching mythbusters 
Your a super rainbow of creativity 
is being super-organised and making up orders to post first thing tomorrow! 
watching jumanji in bed. super sleepy. text me all day 
Yay for showering!  feel super refreshed!
@derekhessart over rated artist super hero? i must say i like yo style, 
@JackyHasSoul super! hahaha 
@howmarshall Where are you H? Sounds like you're having a super time 
went out for super-late lunch.  hairwired timezone!
har hatt en super helg 
Wow at @8thelement &quot;super tweets&quot; LOL! 
@nata_van can fight the moonlight -ugly coyote- super film  ????????????? ?????????? ???? ? ???? ??? ????????? 
@jima6636 I like the super mid badge better than the stars jim 
@musicsGF @DAREvolutionary thanks  &lt;===anything for a super hero in training 
@Sternenfee I appreciate the #ff mention - - - super nice!  
@rich_gumby He has his own super-special one  I'll post it after trivia today.
@xowarrenbryte sometimes its super boring, and sometimes is really fun. it just depends what's going on, i guess 
The sirens r super annoying. I hope it rains 2morrow 2 
All done with hw..super sleepy..night booski 
lol drawing my super hero and it does not look like my earlier sketches... 
2 days left  super excited to be 21 ^^ .
wrote a few super cute songs tonight  
excited..? YESSSS omg super duper, got to go to bed  &lt;3 i need my rest 
@GayleWriter oooo good luck! But seriously I hear that's super hot right now anyway 
super excited for vegas, 15 days and counting 
@ddlovato that's super cool cant wait to hear Here we go again  and see the video
schedualing another shoot on monday. super stoked for it 
