Most common words for this cluster:
[('teeth', 471), ('wisdom', 218), ('tooth', 198), ('hurt', 76), ('dentist', 36), ('ache', 35), ('braces', 23), ('pain', 21), ('tomorrow', 19), ('bones', 18), ('today', 17), ('mouth', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'teeth', 0.873835563659668), (u'tooth', 0.7855727672576904), (u'bicuspids', 0.6262401938438416), (u'molars', 0.6233962774276733), (u'gnashers', 0.6213908791542053), (u'incisors', 0.6026580333709717), (u'decayed_tooth', 0.600824236869812), (u'terribly_gregariously_generous', 0.5870376825332642), (u'gums_bleed', 0.586090624332428), (u'abscessed_teeth', 0.5856701135635376)]





@willadam i treated myself to that latte after the appointment which was horrible. I need to have my wisdom teeth surgically removed 
uh D: why did the dentists hurt today. holy crap i feel like my teeth are all about to fall out 
worried about furry sun who has bad tartar on teeth and needs dental treatment 
Getting ready to head out, doing my cousins hair for her and then the dentist ugh to have yet another tooth yanked out  lord help me lol
i wish i could afford to get my wisdom teeth out..they are killing me this week. 
On my way to school. I have been wearing my retainer lately so my teeth are sore 
Trying to find a oral surgeon who accepts my dental insurance! I have to get my wisdom teeth pulled out 
pigging wisdom teeth 
got her wisdom teeth out 
my wisdom tooth canes 
@angel0712 Ugh, that is unprofessional of them. I'll be over to punch the pharmacist in the teeth.  
@zanado69 bought some oakleys funny enough. but no blue tooth 
my cheek is swollen  my wisdom teeth are growing, and they are catching on my cheek, its painful!
my teeth hurt sooooo bad 
:/ i know It's bad, and will be painful, but i really want that jaw surgery, sucks that braces can't even fix my underbite. 
@christinajade I hear you. I have one extremely sensitive tooth, and the others are sensitive also. 
Ouchie sinuses!  Making my teeth hurt. 
waiting for postsecret to update and rubbing my tooth better  its sore again!?
my teeth hurt like a bitch!!! 
Ahhh tooth ache 
@esme_cullen26 irl wisdom teeth and baby pain 
The aspirin on the tooth remedy doesn't work, and it tastes like shiz.  
having some troubles with my wisdom tooth .... need to take some medicine... 
having braces make my teeth sore all the time 
went to a shark tooth festival! got sunburned boo 
at last, WIRELESS!  tho my holiday spirit has been dampened by the news that my wisdom teeth are coming through 
I went to the dentist this morning. He put blue stuff on my teeth 
i hate wisdom teeth... visiting the dentist today... 
got my tooth fixed again....still painful 
tooth getting worse - I bet the dentist won't want to take it out 'cause of the infection tomorrow    I just want shut of it now.
.. then again, my gums are bleeding and I feel like I've been chewing logs, so it could be that impacted wisdom tooth playing up 
Off to hospital this morning for son to have a tooth put under general anaesthetic  teeth are a crap design
my teeth hurt 
has been to see the tooth monster 
@TomFelton I'm envious! I still need my wisdom teeth out, they've been giving me horrible aches. 
pretty sure my tooth is having issues and I don't have dental insurance.. sweet.. I hate dentists too 
awwhhh fuckk... i have 2 wisdom teeth to pull out on monday.. hurts like a mf! 
@eileenozegbe I KNOW she was being quite wardd...I think it's coz her tooth still hurts 
@kissesplz Just had my teeth checked, now my eyes. I'm dying for a coffee but can't drink for an hour. 
has the worst tooth ache of her life 
my teeth hurt... even chocolate icecream didnt make it better 
I have a major toothache from my stupid wisdom tooth 
Just had my teeth checked, now my eyes. I'm dying for a coffee but can't drink for an hour. 
Just had my teeth checked, now my eyes. I'm dying for a coffee but can't drink for an hour. 
I have a bad infection inside one of my teeth.. I have to get a root canal next sat 
my teeth are black 
@flossa I can't wear metal stud balls (hur hur) cause they make my teeth hurt too much. 
@USelaine her teeth are still loose.    But she's good at using side teeth.  We'll know more in 3 more weeks.
my teeth hurt. i flossed too hard 
Brushing my teeth and tounge this mourning was a new adventure in pain 
@lidles  naw if ur not yeah just pull a sicki!! and u can be like soz my teeth were realllly sore!! it was giving me bad headaches
@rosstd Pretty good. I want adamantium claws 
just qot in the crib, mira this quy just tried to talk to me this morninq, he probably didn't even brush his teeth yet  lol
has a major tooth ache  http://plurk.com/p/rkmv2
My teeth hurt 
My kitty just got his teeth cleaned yesterday and he is not very happy about it 
@dark_butterfly oh no, we have a problem - they are making my teeth hurt. 
wisdom teeth hurt 
Praying my tooth stops hurting... I do love going to the dentist, but only to get squeaky clean teeth! I'd rather not go for a toothache 
writing this paper is like pulling teeth 
@krmsn i'm pretty sure his teeth are fake... 
I need a toothbrush! this new one is staining my teeth   
has a tooth ache 
@PaidInFullBam my tooth  i'm getting it pulled.
@jordynhill7 had 4 impacted teeth extracted last sat and my gums are bleeding and sore. so soft food is the way to go for me (for now). 
poor jenna had her wisdom teeth out today  ...
My teeth hurt... 
i have one of those tongue bumps under my tongue and i keep hitting it on my teeth.. owie 
stupid wisdom tooth... 
Drowzyness comin back &amp; a tooth ache 
@libertyanne i cant get into a dentist...i have a cavity in a side tooth, in the middle and wosdom teeth comming in crooked with no room 
i has a tooth ache.  which is making my ear hurt. 
is not looking forward to having her wisdom tooth out tomorrow 
Wisom teeth out tommorrow :|  x
@WindyPath She is getting her molars right now, so sleep has not been good lately 
got my 4 wisdom teeth out yesterday, soooo sore today, look like i have a huge square jaw haha heaps swollen 
What is this nudging business? The skull is a complicated hunk of bone 
Eating an apple right after brushing your teeth is nasty 
@ojmcd sticks and stones may break ma bones but words will always hurt me 
I didn't take my watermelon out of the fridge soon enough to get the chill off before I ate it. It is hurting my teeth. 
guh, I'm starving! but I can't eat anything, already brushed my teeth &amp;&amp; such 
's wisdom teeth are hurting her 
wisdom teeth pain is back... boo hoo   i feel like dying my hair red. i should do that.
Ugh. I think I have to get some teeth pulled 
My wisdom teeth hurt!!!! 
@bloodhoundgang i'm sorry your tooth is so retarded 
@lucylemon i'm good now had slight toothache earlier today my poor gum below my tooth was throbbing 
@Trace027 you poor thing! toothache is no fun. I recently had a troublesome wisdom tooth removed so sympathise 
@CocaBeenSlinky no its a tooth i got root canal done on a year ago now ever since i get throbbing pains under my tooth every so often 
@CocaBeenSlinky i think that might be whats happening with me my gum looks swollen around my tooth..i hate dentist!..i'm always stressed 
My teeth hurt 
back from the orthodentist...my teeth hurt 
i hate the taste of orange juice after you brush your teeth! 
getting my wisdom teeth out today!! 
Just had a great weekend! But this wisdom tooth is killing me. 
getting my tooth pulled 
i have new braces  god! what is wrong with my teeth ? 
My front teeth hurt.  Braces, please be gone soon!
@Jules120 No way did you get both your tonsils AND your wisdom teeth out... That sucks girl 
@bittersw33tlove ive been kissing my teeth on purpose to listen to them say steup but it never happens 
I can't eat for 16 hours now because i'm getting my wisdom teeth pulled 
teeth hurt. 
today,i went to extract 2 wisdom teeth.the bill was $877.40. i dont know which bleeds more,my gums or my heart.sorry mum and dad. 
hoping to get to porto by the skin of my teeth..... unklikely tho  stuffin embassy
i flossed and brushed but it still feels like chunks of meat are stuck in my teeth. 
wisdom teeth are getting pulled at 9 
And they're toffees so my teeth aren't happy.  W8n 4 thm 2 pull a filling out 
dreading brushing my teeth b/c i just had oatmeal and i know the combo of oat and mint aren't going to be tasty 
@zCaren Lol yea I used that too once for my wisdom tooth, be careful not to bite your tongue though! That happened to me 
watchin trey.. gotta tooth ache 
Cutting a wisdom tooth and its giving me the worst headache! Not to mention my entire mouth is killing me  This will make wisdom tooth #2.
Cutting a wisdom tooth and it's giving me the worst headache! Not to mention my entire mouth is killing me..ugh! 
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and it's giving me the worst headache! Not to mention my entire mouth is killing me..ugh 
my teeth kill. 
my teeth have moved  two years of braces for no fucking reason!
oowww...why do wisdom teeth hurt so much 
Just had my teeth checked, now my eyes. I'm dying for a coffee but can't drink for an hour. 
About to get my wisdom teeth pulled! 
At the dentist. I have a hole in my tooth 
ahh i hate when you bbrush your teeth so hard you make your gums bleed 
My teeth and my eye hurt   someone make them feel better
got my wisdom teeth removed it hurts. 
I don't want to lose my wisdom teeth, they make me wise. I will soon be without a trace of wisdom 
Oh god, I want to blow up my tooth. It hurts. 
my mouth is sore  I have to wear these stupid retainers so my teeth don't go crooked!...in other news, I got a new swimsuit for laps!
@haikubirdie If only  I may make one out of dental floss later.
i feel really sick, and my teeth still hurt.  fml.
lost my tooth 2day whilst i was eating gum...oww 
is recovering from wisdom teeth removal surgery 
Not looking very sexy after having all 4 wisdom teeth pulled today. 
aww... had to get braces and my teeth hurt sooooo bad 
is worrying about the tooth 
@Tinker_xxxx i know how you feel....i'm up to with a sore tooth 
wisdom teeth out tomorrow  scareddd
@StacyLynn1985 as far as anything to scrape their teeth i have no clue 
I think my wisdom teeth r coming in bc my mouth is in so much pain  sad story!
Is feeling nauseas (if that's how you spell it) from her wisdom teeth pain pills  fml!
damn stupid chipped tooth 
@iMonic i know! i'm growing my wisdom teeth too and it hurts! 
@angie_de wisdom teeth time 
Dammit, I'm so hungry.   I've been on a liquid diet since my wisdom tooth extraction. 2day it looks swollen. Abx prophylaxis not working?
looking like a bull frog after getting my wisdom teeth out! 
okay it's either my teeth or gums which fucking hurt right now  hurts so badly maybe i'll go to bed early.
I'm gonna brush my teeth noww  Its a chore.
@KingUncool getting my wisdom teeth pulled 
Oh no...my wisdom teeth are growing!  
had the worste nights sleep ever, and woke up with teeth hurting from retainer 
@stupotts now try without ur teeth and fists clenched...was a pity though 
Getting my wisdom teeth out on monday 
got a sharp tooth 
its true, spinach does get stuck in between your teeth ;o 
AND i have to get my wisdom teeth out because they are making the rest of my teeth look like they're getting ready to hula hoop 
 broken bones suck
has a tooth/gum ache   I never get them very random
still hurts from getting my wisdom teeth out 
tooth ache 
My teeth hurt 
i got a baddd tooth ache  its really sore
my teeth feel like they're going to fall out 
cut my lip on my braces again 
@ShanelleSanaa yea it usually happens when the tooth is coming...I hope its her tooth n not a cold! 
All my bones are aching.. 
trying to recover from this wisdom teeth business  hopefully tomorrow will be better!!
I want to eat cookies but I already brushed my teeth.  
Just got my 3rd wisdom tooth extracted. 3 down 1 more to go!!! 
trying to ignore my tooth ache till I see the dentist tomorrow 
My teeth are pulsating. Ouchie 
@heyheytakeaway I had ice cream earlier, but since my wisdom teeth are bothering me my teeth have been delicate to sweets and cold stuff 
Brushing my teeth was a challenge. Ouchhh. 
my tooth aches 
I think I've chipped a tooth. 
#dealbreaker teeth that look like you've been chewing on rocks ur entire life. 
one of my wisdom teeth are coming through and the whole side of my face aches 
@blondie2015 can't sleep (well just a little) because of the tooth thing... 
everybodys fish'n  we are sad . they have  big fish here...like walleye...they got some big teeth! they taste really good though...pike ..
watching erin degeneres show, with my sore gum  i think i may have one of my wisdom tooth coming in! or not...
@lmkaetzel: they dont have bones 
My wisdom teeth are coming in...  ...darnit!  Any home remedies that don't involve cold metal objects used to remove body parts?
i hate wisdom teeth... 
has a wisdom tooth coming in 
I need a tooth pick 
@Lizselle I think my wisdom teeth. And my neck still hurts.  http://myloc.me/2ewJ
I think I have new teeth coming in  it hurrrrttsss
bella has a tooth and is trying to crawl 
I can't find my tooth brush 
@pezholio y'see I couldn't get away with that. I get the *strong* set of teeth comment (but they look like a row of medieval gravestones) 
this bite is going to scar 
its 7:20 in the morning. and i have to drive out to reston for my wisdom teeth follow up. its been rescheduled earlier (by them) 3 times. 
awggahhh. My tooth really hurtssss. 
The lower part of my right jaw is stiff and sore. Could it be my wisdom teeth again?  
Going to be a busy day.  And to make it worse i have a major tooth ache.
@jemappellekim because dentists said they were bad for our teeth and gums ... seriously, I was very annoyed 
I think I've chipped a tooth 
toothache giving me a headache.  suspect it's my wisdom tooth erupting. :|
Oh no, wisdom tooth! 
getting ready to go get my wisdom teeth pulled.  pray for me
awl to0 bad we live so0o0o0 far apart!  @SkateboardBee
going to get my wisdom teeth out 
My breath smells like coffee  but I'll I've done is brush my teeth strange.
ugh my tooth hurts  i need to gp to the dentist but i am afraid to go :/
Dentists once again said my teeth aren't bad enough for braces  Starting vocal lessons over next few weeks, should be good.
I need to go to the dentist. It's been forever and my teeth feel funny 
At the dentist. if wisdom teeth arent impacted,does it still hurt badly or just the normal tooth-removal pain? 
just get me the dentist adjusted brakcets ... my teeth hurt a lot! cry .. 
@ozazure and it takes sooo looong! W just finishing getting her eye teeth-still have molars to go 
recovering from having a wisdom tooth pulled 
If I wasn't such a pig with a ridiculous sweet tooth... 
damnit, just remembered i have to call the dentist today to schedule my tooth extraction. now that's something to look forward to 
my teeth hurt 
@panfrieda I had 3 rott canals done in 1 tooth. And 2 molars pulled b/c pulling was cheaper then 2 root canals. Now its bridge time! 
@dothedrew123  i've had ten teeth pulled
She will be in surgery tonight. He will try to sew it back on if he can. If not, he will sew it without teeth. 
Has awful teeth.   Where is a cheap, good dentist now.
Chilling with mary. lack of wisdom teeth is hurting 
has random tooth sensitivity. 
My head and my teeth are aching.  Yes, mother, I already took medication.
my teeth hurt 
my teeth really hurt 
is getting ANOTHER wisdom tooth in  owee!
owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww my tooth 
@leemacdonald Awww....at least you don't have to go to the dentist like I do...filling fell out think they might pull the tooth 
my teeth still hurt 
Just got discharged from the orthodontist even though my teeth aren't really that straight!! 
@AlexLJ described by docs as break without broken bones. said 6 to 12 for recovery. looking nearer 12 
my tooth is coming in 
Is going to get her wisdom teeth taken out 
No water  I wanna brush my teeth!
Driving to get my wisdom teeth removed. 
my tooth aches like hell 
So ... the very bad tooth may well have to go under my pillow tonight  I hate the dentist.
getting my wisdom teeth out.. soo sore 
trying to find a good oral surgeon in network for my wisdom teeth is like, well, pulling teeth... 
hopes she doesnt have to lose her tooth! 
one of my front teeth is &quot;dead, due to trauma&quot;, apparently has been for a while.  it will continue darkening, needs a crown eventually...
Heav got her front teeth pulled  owie! http://twitpic.com/6i2ev
My teeth hurt now  I really should wear my retainer more...
totally tired my teeth hurt sooo bad i have to wear rubber bands for my braces... 
My teeth hurrrt 
now has one less tooth 
@LoBosworth i;#'m getting my wisdom teeth out this arvo in the chair- poor me!  
in pain just got my 2 wisdom teeth removed 
My teeth hurt! I need my wisdom teeth out 
my teeth hurt 
My teeth hurt. 
@StutterFlutter Also you can't be mean to me. I'm miserable and have a sawed in half tooth in a cup sitting by me.  #byronhasproblems
teeth are soooo sore 
has a very sore tooth 
having my wisdom teeth out is no fun 
Off to the dentist for a follow up on the wisdom tooth removal...still so painful!!! 
feeling so bad and fever because of the teeth  hiks ...
my collar bones are appearing out more,but i want them fully fully out 
ahhhh OUCH! my teeth hurt  (crying)
my big gyal wisdom teeth hurt 
Really needs to go to the dentist  tooth ache is a bitch!
To the dentist gettin my teeth pulled pray for me 
Denist...... I've cracked a tooth.... 
in pain from my wisdom teeth infection 
My two front teeth hurt and they feel heavy too 
is my wisdom tooth growing in ?  it seems so sudden . that makes me very sad . hmph
going to the dentist to see when i am gettin my wisdom teeth out! 
foresee myself being extremely cranky later on because of dental. teeth is going to hurt so bad 
butttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt, my teeth hurt and i'm still tired 
@gina_pina_14 I know  I say that in theory but I'm lying through my teeth.
passed my piano exam by the skin of my teeth, and is not looking forward to english language on the morrow 
So I will be parting ways with my wisdom teeth   not looking forward to that.
teeth whitening strips smell bad, and burn. 
my teeth hurt real bad! 
Totally not wanting to get outta bed. I have such a bad tooth ache 
I have serious tooth ache lame 
wisdom tooth coming through I think 
@champions5xeuro i was v.brave! all is good, have an infection around my wisdom teeth but nothing major! i say that, still bloody hurts! 
I have a tooth ache! 
There's a root canal or tooth removal in my very near future. 
I went to the orthodontist and now my teeth hurt! 
@IgetsBizzy but now my teeth are chattering. 
i really need to go to the dentist. my teeth hurt 
I got braces on the bottom row of my teeth. It'll help me later in life... I hope. 
just chillin.. and putting the kids to sleep.. and my tooth hurt... 
chipped my tooth a lil at vf  I'm smart..
To do: ring dentist, make appt. so they can figure out why I can feel vibrations in my teeth when I walk, this can't be a good thing  #fb
im getting my wisdom teeth right now and it hurts!!!!! lol goo away 
had her tooth extracted...ouch!! 
My wisdom teeth hurt so bad 
has noticed sarah has a huge swollen gum where her tooth is coming out my poor baby 
is paralysed by the pain of a growing wisdom tooth 
has got tooth ache 
my tooth still isnt outtt!!! 
@PhoebeWilson05 yeah i bet that it did too  i wouldnt like to have 4 of my teeth punched out would you? :S
Horribly sore wisdom teeth today 
Apparently i talk in my sleep and i grind my teeth really hard and loudly.  thats depressing.
i think my wisdom tooth is coming through 
I think she's getting her molars. 3 are peeking through the gums and the 4th is almost through. No wonder she's been so pitiful. 
@charlieray I'm sorry that your teeth hurt.  I hope they feel better for you!!
my teeth hurt 
i wish my braces would just be perfect for once. i just went yesterday and it's all fucked again, plus my teeth hurt  stupid stuff..ugh
my teeth hurt 
sweet tooth won 
My tooth is aching! 
@oneleaftree8 I have a wisdom tooth coming out 
@annemarie3109 It gets better. Nothing's confirmed yet, but he seems to think all four wisdom teeth have to come out 
wisdom teeth suck... and perx dont help as much as they should 
Whitening my teeth!!  this is going to suck!!
@antoniojuarez i can't monday  i have to get my wisdom teeth pulled then im going to charleston.  how about wensday?
My teeth hurt... 
ahhhhhhh! my teeth are killing me 
@deidrefunk aosdifnadfnv D: turns out im sick cuz of my wisdom teeth D: so i have to get them removed how uncool is that  i like my teeth.
One of my wisdom teeth is growing in &amp; it hurts 
My tooth is aching 
@fuckingdew me too.  gap in my front teeth.
i've been wearing invisalign aligners for 2 years and my teeth still aren't straight yet... my stupid mouth is too small for my big teeth 
@OfficialDefil3d it is kind of cheating haha then again I figure if I die I might not keep claws as well 
@pcdmelodyt Aww babe it looks that grit-your-teeth kinda painful 
@barneybaby didn't make it to facebook before bones. 
my tooth is bleeding    but i don't know which one :/ cbb to get a mirror 
my tooth hurts...i think i should probably/finally go to the dentist 
just came back from 'saving my teeth operation'! several more dentist appointments to go... 
bastard teeth 
tooth acheeeeeeeeeee 
my teeth hurt from chewing on all this gum... 
my wisdom teeth are coming in and i feel horrible. 
has a bad tooth ache 
I can't even tell you how many movies I am about to watch in the next 3 days.... gotta love wisdom teeth surgery 
while brushing my teeth, i somehow managed to fling my toothbrush into the toilet 
@MSxoxo don't really have any headaches, my Lft jaw has been killing me  cuz that's where they had 2 cut gums 2 get the tooth out n pieces
I broke my tooth 
my teeth really hurt!  and is wanting him to call..
my teeth really hurt!  and is wanting him to call.
@dac00lest i understand children forget to brush their teeth sumtimes n all but ... i mean she aint have to make me suffer for it 
sleeeeeeping wiff tooth ache 
tooth ache  
Has broken bones.. 
this wisdom tooth is giving me the worst headache of my life 
@monashoj ello there mona  my teeth hurt 
Getting my wisdom teeth out on thursday 
is in major pain. wisdom tooth. lost my voice and cannot record. 
Taking josh to get his wisdom teeth removed 
on my way to see a man about pulling out my wisdom teeth.. *sob* 
Ugh eating a bagel with my front teeth is just not easy!!! 
omg! sooo tired of my teeth hurting so much &amp;&amp; i can't get to the dentist for another month or so 
my mouth is killing me..fuck wisdom teeth 
i got wisdom teeth  growin in and they hurt like a bitch!! 
@torhart i used my teef whiteners, now my teeth hurt too like yours did yesterday 
erghhh. my teeth hurt 
my teeth hurt. 
argh they lost, and I had my tooth pulled today.  I wish it would stop bleeding I'm running out of gauze 
Sitting in the waiting room to get my teeth done  xoxo
im getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrrow 
good news... well sort of... its not my wisdom tooth that needs to be extracted....however i still do need a tooth pulled 
Just got my stupid retaner fixed ...t was broken...now my teeth hurt  and im about to just ripp it off :@
Getting my wisdom teeth pulled out 
My teeth hurt! 
@big_teeth she's following you too!?!?! and i thought we had a real connection!  such a tease... 
i have 7 cavities and have to get 4 wisdom teeth extracted.... how did this happen?? i even floss daily 
gonnaget my wisdom teeth out tomorrow!!!!  
at work with a tooth ache  
has a chipped tooth 
@lemonader I thought you would. its 400 bones though 
i... want to kill a crayon. with my teeth  i know.. i know.. i'm a horrible person
@hideawayxx wow, that really is a coincidence :O i despise the orthodonist; my teeth always feel so sore afterwards. i know how you feel 
yup, just as i expected, dig dig, excavation. painful gums now  
my mouth hurts so bad  wisdom teeth are a-comin
@parlai i iz sad cos stephen nathan @squarechicken blocked me from following him. i is bones fan! srsly 
@r2sweet_tooth I miss you! 
taking as many meds as possible and sleeping forever. no one told me getting my wisdom teeth out would be this miserable 
My mouth&amp;teeth are very sore  ugh, I hate this feeling (got braces tightened)
pulling out four teeth this sat  ouch
has very painful teeth after a major brace adjustment yesterday 
@mszeballos I'm finally getting this thing! haha, I'm not sure about her teeth actually - it's been awhile since I've seen her 
My jaw hurts :'( thus me being up this late  dental surg. anyone?! dumb wisdom teeth &gt;
Has a hole in her tooth.  and LOL 8/100
random elastic in my teeth. hurts. looks ridicolous.  4 weeks of it. I hate my braces.
I hate flossing. I would rather pluck out every individual hair on my body with tweezers than floss, but that wouldn't help my teeth 
- but sticks and stones still break my bones 
@lejjewellery aww, poor little sausage  my wisdom tooth is coming through as we speak, soo painful
wisdom teeth 
i have cronick tooth ache and no money to see a dentist! 
ah, my wisdom teeth. almost all the way out. mouth hurts!!!! 
Getting a tooth removed isn't good 
Getting my wisdom teeth out 
I have a dental procedure.. going to find out if my tooth has a hairline crack or bigger and not worth saving.. I like my teeth 
Whitening my teeth burns 
getting my wisdom teeth out 
Just got my teeth cleaned!  But I have a cavity  time to quit the snacking and brush better
Going to have a tooth out... 
oow my tooth  http://dailybooth.com/xemmiemainx/482280
I have a face of a house after having wisdom tooth operation done yesterday 
I hate the dentist and I have to have my wisdom tooth taken out 
@kentuckytour http://twitpic.com/7jsfw - awww you don't look too happy  after I got my wisdom teeth out, I was all smiles drooling ev ...
@LilMissTNT well I only have one LOL. But it's making my teeth crooked 
my tooth's rotting off... 
is getting her wisdom teeth out tomorrow 
my teeth are beginning to hurt again, ugh 
matti got her wisdom teeth taken out today 
My teeth hurtt  hmm tired
Urghh wisdom teeth 
my teeth are offically so sore, i cant bear it anymore 
My bones are cold 
I wish i didnt have a tooth ache 
#haveyouever used an electric trimmer on your junk and gotten your sack skin caught in the teeth 
#squarespace cos I justhad a tooth out 
My teeth hurt and I have a massive headake 
yay twitters back. oww my retainer hurt .. still, it feels like its pulling my teeth forward 
had am orthodonist appointment today-my teeth hurts so much 
@BrentLauren I hope so... He was ok... I think he was like Russian... But he had semi-brown teeth. 
@hollywoodkarkar yeah my teeth!!!! 
wisdom tooth is killing me it hurts soo bad to eat 
my teeth hurt 
my teeth hurt, i think i brushed them too hard 
i have serious tooth ache 
@ezra_b blahhh you reminded me about my retainers. freaking A. my teeth shifted, but its not bad. its just not how it used to be 
wisdom tooth pain is back ,here we go again with this shit 
my teeth hurtttttt 
i think one of my wisdom teeth is coming in.. my ear/jaw are killing me 
@mandamuses Yes, I am *huggles back* Although now my teeth ache after getting a cleaning at the dentist. 
time for bed, teeth are killing me  stupid braces and stupid elastics that i have to wear at night! oh well perfect teeth is all worth it
ouch....my teeth hurt...the denstist was not fun at all 
lost another toothbrush to that space behind the sink    well, at least the roaches will have clean teeth and fresh breath!
laughing with brother about when i was bawling after i got my wisdom teeth removed. i have to get a filling tomorrow. i hate needles. 
@MatthewBarnett I'm sorry, that sounds miserable. I remember when I had my four wisdom teeth removed. I was only 16. Not fun 
getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow 
I've got a tooth ach. Ouchie 
In 7 hours I'll be en route to the oral surgeons to get my wisdom teeth out. I'm scared. 
Not looking forward to getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow 
Just been told wisdom teeth can take years to grow through  ouchy!
@epikurean They have to take mine out because they have to chop through my lower jaw in a year and my wisdom teeth will be in the way 
my teeth hurt  I can't sleeeeeep
my teeth hurt damn braces 
Is bed-bound and starving after having all 4 wisdom teeth removed yesterday, and resembles a hamster 
wisdom tooth not bringing me much wisdom, just lots of pain   
exit wisdom teeth 
I'm sitting in the ofiice, bored out of my skull watching it rain outside, it makes me sad 
my wisdom teeth are coming up soooooooo sore  
I have soreeee teeth 
Doesnt like her wisdom teeth 
is going in to get his wisdom teeth taken out  and needs someone to take care of him.
amelia is cutting her first tooth boo hoo 
so nervous...and hungry. getting my wisdom teeth pulled today so i cant eat anything  this blows
listening to bobby bones and but can't find them on here 
I want candy floss 
Is off to work, with my bad tooth 
My poor boy has to get his wisdom teeth out 
wooow, if only you knew how much my teeth hurrtttt 
is eating lunch &amp;&amp; going to get her wisdom teeth pulled out at 1 yikess!!! 
My teeth hurt ... Probably time for the dentist 
just had a tooth out... 
ahhh teeth are hurting ouch  i swear they are doing it on purpose
@DawnYang1 wisdom tooth removal is an even more painful process! I was on meds for a week 
I just got five teeth pulled and it really sucks! my mouth feels really empty and bloody. it is really gross! 
Getting ready to get my wisdom teeth pulled.. so annoying to deal with all this hoopla lol 
still got that fricken tooth ache  get it pulled friday (wisdom tooth) oh i don't want to go get it done though  
omg my teeth are agony. i cant eat  i so better loose weight ha!
I'm a celeb is on!! yay! still got a lil tooth ache! 
I have to get surgery in the morning on my wisdom teeth 
has a consult with the oral surgeon tomorrow to see about getting my wisdom tooth cut out 
@karawr yeah me too, I've got smokers/sugar teeth haha. I hear its expensive though? 
ow, tooth ache. 
becka has a tooth-ache 
@NicRamirez my wisdom tooth is growing in 
I should not be allowed to use knives!!  I need a bandaid!!
Ugh super nasty tooth ache!  someone help
why are wisdom teeth so painful? 
has a feeling she's got to go to the dentist.. 3 days of tooth sensitivity probably means cavity.  #fb
My babies filling fell out of his tooth  how sad hope his tooth doesn't bother him tomorrow ...
owch. braces hurt  got them on the bottom row of my teeth yesterday.
Byebye wisdom tooth. 
my teeth hurt!  I hate the dentist 
about to get my wisdom teeth removed 
@ConcreteLyric hahahaa no it's a bit more than that... 11 teeth  going to kill!
my teeth r hurtin' 
just tried to clean my nose with a toothbrush   could've been worse, brushing my teeth with toilet paper. eeeeeek!
had trouble sleeping last night because one of my wisdom teeth is hurting. &amp; pain is making me clench my jaw making tmj act up too. 
ooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccchhhhhhhhh! my teeth are hurting  cant eat apples 
my wisdom teeth hurt 
I'm having my wisdom teeth taken out next friday. 
why do my teeth insist on falling apart 
my teeth hurt 
I am sitting on the sofa making this new account, and talking to shannen, and having sore teeth 
Sensitive teeth 
jaw is hurting from my wisdom teeth 
I just got back from the dentist. I have clean teeth but a head ache too. 
i NEED a new phone, but no one will take me up there. the one i want is discontinued. i'm going to the dentist at 3:30 and my teeth hurt. 
Getting two wisdom teeth pulled in about 20 mins. I'm sated  FENTRUCK tonight!
teeth really hurt 
@zachflauaus oooo wisdom teeth-you have all my sympathy  got mine out years ago, so I can relate.
no cavities but at some point in the near future im going to have to have my wisdom teeth pulled... 
blaise has 8 teeth coming at once!!! omg he is a grouch!! i feel so bad for him 
i was going to eat an orange and the shell was hard to get of, so i had to set my teeth in it  didn`t taste very well
My teeth hurt 
beauty is a b*...., braces for  my daughter made her take out teeth, she is hurting 
OUCH; my teeth are really hurting me!! 
auch, my tooth 
i have to get my wisdom teeth out 
wisdom teeth surgery tomorrow 
tooth is fucked up. 
Ahh in so much pain from getting my wisdom teeth out  cuddling with my dogs
I have a small cavity and I have to get all of my wisdom teeth pulled. 
my teeth hurt once again 
ugh i hate wisdom teeth 
My teeth are really sore 
is in pain  stupid wisdom teeth
my gum hurts  I don't go back next week to remve two more permanent teeth
@celamb2007 no he's not...not when he has to &quot;surgically extract&quot; my wisdom tooth...yikes!!!!! LOL and then he didnt even do it today... 
wisdom tooth &amp; new fillings are giving me pain 
@bebetif you have to get 2 MORE teeth removed? awwww! 
Needs surgery i think, :o for wisdom teeth 
getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrow 
I'm scared to get my wisdome teeth out 6/19  eeeeeee
my teeth hurt after gettong my bottom braces on 
@mattventure  lately i have been biting my lip in spots where my teeth constantly touch so it takes weeks to heal! hope yours is ok!!
wishing i was feeling better, would love to go see @rubyrose1  kicking myself for having wisdom teeth pulled yesterday grrr
wisdom teeth out tomorrow  so scared. i cant even brush my teeth in the morning! i'm too young to die!
@superoeuvre  wisdom teeth?  That suuuuuuucccksss
@ohhaycassiek  i hope your teeth feel better!!
And plus I lost my tooth 
zombie mood and my braces smashed my gums  hopelovepeace
is waiting to get his teeth cleaned and praying there's no cavaties... 
Feels my wisdom teeth... tooth coming in. 
@nickjfrost I would give my hind teeth for a corona, which apparently is on sun in the dentist's chair! Yikes  I miss the pub!
is getting my wisdom teeth out in a few minutes... 
going to the dentist in a bit...afraid he's going to tell me I need to get my wisdom teeth pulled.  
Off to have a wisdom tooth out 
@rebecca_der aww  well I just got my wisdom teeth removed, so I'm there with you
@wiskigirl that seems to be what cj's cousin is going through. 2 yo molars. I just really hope it's the teeth. 
supposedly i have a tiny cavity in one of my teeth from when i had braces. dnw, i hate the dentist 
@hptwilighter I'm having an operation to have my wisdom teeth out. I hate hospitals and been put to sleep so i'm terrified 
just had all u can eat buffet and sumhow managed to chip my tooth 
abscessed teeth are no fun 
127!  thease teeth comeing out isn't good for me gaining weight
wisdom teeth consultation 
watching america's got talent, and my wisdom tooth is coming it hurts so much! 
Just bit into a baguette... It pulled out a tooth 
Has clean teeth but needs his wisdom teeth removed 
@embeep I hear ya - so far I have four fewer teeth than I started the year with... 
@shawnmccarthy Apparently there are shockingly racist robots who speak jive and have gold teeth and can't read. I'm reminded of JarJar 
is in hospital 2moro, fuckin wisdom teeth.... 
I hate my wisdom teeth. 
~ - I want some nom noms but I dunno what to eat cus of my braces making my teeth ache  And my head is... http://tumblr.com/xsh23fcns
ggrrrr teeth still hurt its so lame 
Trying to make my daughter do the tooth wiggle but she ain't having it.  
i have a really bad tooth ache, its killing me 
so nervous, the bonding on my front tooth is coming off 
best night evah. teeth hurt  but I don't look THAT awful with braces
My son almost knocked my tooth out.  I have to wear a tooth guard or whatever for now.. 
I would really love to brush my teeth right now 
I hate when popcorn pieces get stuck in your teeth 
my tooth is growing in and it hurts realllyyy bad 
this is what happens when you dont put on your retainer. front teeth shifted. 
@rockbigdave I'm alright now, big lump on my eyebrow, two bust lips and my front tooth is loose and out of place 
i H8T the dentis!! my teeth really hurt  i H8t braces
got my braces off, and i dont like my teeth.. put them back on 
arggh! my gum has swollen so much because of this wisdom tooth that i cant close my teeth! ouchhh 
my tooth hurts, aka i have a tooth ache its sucks  why me why now? lol
in a bit of pain cuz wisdom teeth came out yesterday. 
  my wisdom teeth are killing me ; they;re still coming in ; my whole jaw hurts. 
My mouth misses my wisdom teeth... 
teeth are killing me....i really need my wisdom teeth out 
My teeth really hurt 
@DamarisC had my wisdom teeth out, my mouth is killing me babe 
ouchy.. my teeth 
my retainer is hurting my teeth.. i havent worn it for like a month..  OWWW!!!!!
@shawnemerriman my tooth also hurt 
i'm trying this white teeth strips and omg it made my teeth so sensitive and i cant talkkkk or they'll fall out 
gatorade taste bad after brushing your teeth 
My teeth hurt. I really should have been given a brace years ago 
@TammyM5 I *NEED* new teeth  screwed up wisdoms ruining the rest of my teeth... all rotten and broken now.. (on top of the missing front..
painkillers and sleep. I can't even brush my teeth cus it hurts to much 
Is sore and hungry, and feels less wise without her wisdom teeth 
wisdom teeth pulled  so swollen
My teeth hurt! 
@yourGFfavorite yeti h to buy can't cause my fucking tooth is killing me 
@amandapalmer @neilhimself you're gonna give me cavities with this.  i hope you intend to pay for my dental bills
in so much pain from getting my wisdom teeth out yesteday 
my tooth is really hurting  and i just ate, and now its hurting more (
these freaking whitening strips make my teeth soooo sensitive  but my teeth are amazingly white :O
has aching bones 
I had a root canal on one of my teeth today. It hurt 
Taking care of my son. He just had his wisdom teeth pulled. 
Ouch! My tooth brush ripped my monroe out. 
ogh no . . . i'm so tired my teeth hurt 
@Jujuizdaname that explains its. I wonder why I wasn't invited...  I got pajama's. I got a tooth brush.
@shazzyn my f-ing retainer hurts dude my teeth feel broken 
Needs sleep but is really not wanting to get up and clean my teeth cause i wont be tired anymore afterwards 
got a tooth pulled still wount stop bleeding  it hurts really bad
My teeth well hurt 
is fretting about having her wisdom teeth out tomorrow 
@waxpraxis I feel for ya. Only last week I had half a tooth drilled away due to impacted wisdom teeth, which I had removed 2 weeks ago. 
contemplating pulling out my wisdom teeth with pliers.... 
@rubycuriosity wisdom teeth. 
Why oh why did I have to be a genetic throw back and have wisdom teeth, owowowowoowowowowoowowowwwww 
has to have a root canal tomorrow, then a crown and a few weeks later, have a wisdom tooth pulled 
kicking all my smelly friends out so i can get some beauty sleep before wisdom teeth removal 
@ghostman201Yes!! He was so nasty lookin to he was missing like 4 teeth in the front..and he was huge!!! he kept lickin his tongue at me 
@ghostman201 Yes! He was so nasty lookin to he was missing like 4 teeth in the front..and he was huge!!! he kept lickin his tongue at me 
who knew a teeth cleaning could be so painful! recuperating from what was supposed to be nothing 
My teeth hurt so bad 
@kezzawezz Haha  i've to get like 6 teeth out aswell  i hate the jags they give you :^)
has a tooth ach, feels fat, and is still waiting for a good response from a publisher 
hungry  but i brushed my teeth already
is very nervous about getting her wisdom teeth removed tomorrow. i might need those for senior year :/ but seriously. 
Ugh....my mouth is killing me...need my wisdom tooth out, but I'm too chicken. if this pain doesn't let up, I'll do anything.. 
My left cheek hurts, I think it's my bloody wisdom teeth bothering me 
My teeth hurt. 
@GarbleMuffin it's going to rain here tonight. I think I already burned. I know I already chipped my tooth. I wish you were here too. 
good girls brush their teeth before bed, but they don't deserve migraines 
I'm in the worst possible pain ever. I hate my teeth &amp; i wish i could knock all of em out 
also my kid has 2 teeth coming in. 
The filling in my baby tooth fell out  now I have a cavity! D: buuuut I brush everyday!!
My wisdom tooth is popping out and it hurts so bad. 
I have a crowded tooth 
i want to protest against my orthodontist my teeth fucking hurt 
@OurCityLights ahahaa, yeahh i knoww    and then i have to brush my teeth and crapp which makes it worse. lol
had my wisdom teeth pulled last friday..............still in pain 
@Graciouskisay my teeth feel sore! 
today i am having more teeth ripped out of my gob - massive joy! 
wisdom tooth hurts 
wisdom teeth coming down ouch ouch ouch 
im so tired but i cant sleep cause my teeth hurt too much 
my teeth are killing. aghhhhh 
@orpheous87 It does! I'm sick to the back teeth of soup, which is all I've been eating recently...I hate having to eat to take medication 
I lost some wisdom (2 of them) and now I am in pain  , teeth that is. Why are they called wisdom teeth?
i have unbearable pain in my teeth. @DrAwab, tell me some medicine man 
My teeth hurt 
@rbtznmrschico i totally hear u there. The worst i've had was a teeth cleaning gone bloody. I don't ever have prob. And i'm 27.  
Is on his way to get his wisdom teeth pulled 
Is up and moving around trying to get this house picked up so i can clean carpets... abscess tooth and all 
getting my wisdom teeth out  ohhhh buddyyyy
can't sleeeep, too anxious and teeth hurt too much 
..if they try and bribe me with strawberry cornettos tho.. they might win  damn my sweet tooth!
At the dentist to see if one of my wisdom teeth is abcessed 
I have a tooth-ache. 
licking my teeth  productive aye?
@MariahCarey U c you're not the only one still up  u have a large extended family lamb  U still having problems w/ your teeth?
my teeth hurt. i have a green top row now 
It's time to brush your teeth dustin boy, so far he has never gotten a cavity 
brushin' my teeth ready to go to bed 
is brushing his teeth 
@leatron are you going to brush your teeth too? i don't want to miss the toothpaste-on-keyboard act 
@big_teeth When my clients have high expectations, I deliver. Always. 
@BelindaO - I'm not real ... well only my teeth are real and the rest is totally fake 
catching up on bones 
Watching bones and snacking 
I just got home.  i bought twiggies and a toothbrush that promises to make my teeth 60% cleaner. - http://tweet.sg
@nikz93 you're such a teeth freak now Nikz 
I love being able to run my tongue along my teeth 
ohay clean teeth 
Oh, and before that last tweet i spent about half an hour on brushing my teeth with my new electric toothbrush! I feel great 
@JamesHancox LOL or maybe it's the tooth fairy, takes 'em to keep all the kiddys  teeth safe in 
teeth hurt so bad. outside helping dad out with the boat, then campground 
I really hate wearing retainers. Be thankful if you have naturally straight teeth. 
@brandonacox ...is groping for that mental floss... 
Getting my teeth cleaned &amp; sparkly. 
bbl need 2 get up and out the bed lol yeaa like @jaylovely said i DO twitter before i brush my teeth 
my shiney teeth and meee! haha. i dont got no grimey ass yellow teeth. i stick to white suckah 
@Johnage hahahah i know. i eat it anyhow. but i just brush my teeth after. 
@misspearlygates i watched bone and watching castle now too 
@PrinceMiro get up lazy bones 
waiting 4 my dentist to clear my mouth from teeth  wish me luck
@krzzygrlm2i umm about your teeth? they look funny!  
Watching the hills  going in to col at 2 to do my presentation then coming home.. my wisdom teeth are still hurting.
just woke up about to go brush my teeth 
is about to brush her teeth  basienga!
Chewing on my dentaStix, that should give me healthy teeth and fresh breath! 
@ceggs Hey, lazy bones 
@sugarbritchesyo he did, he got 3 wisdom teeth pulled yesterday.  he rocks my socks  (he's @dad_o)
@gulpanag Doesn't it get stuck to your teeth? 
@SongzYuuup U don't know how bad I wish I could send u a tooth pic right now lol 
@Jonmicol don mean to brag but... I have perfect teeth!  
is sleepin....good night ....still recoverin from my 4 wisdom teeth being taken out the pain is gettin better 
i'm a tooth fairy tomorrow! going to the elementary school to teach 1st graders how to brush their teeth 
hair washed. teeth clean. tucked into bed. how lovely 
got a filling today...no numbing..just the drill and my tooth 
more to get your teeth into #followfriday @namakemono49 @MandyMoos @robangus @paulpuddifoot 
