Most common words for this cluster:
[('texas', 288), ('dallas', 217), ('houston', 178), ('austin', 136), ('tx', 85), ('http', 50), ('time', 36), ('i', 36), ('today', 35), ('day', 32), ('home', 32), ('week', 31)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Texas', 0.8682406544685364), (u'Dallas', 0.8631188273429871), (u'Houston', 0.8450232148170471), (u'Fort_Worth', 0.8168521523475647), (u'Austin', 0.8164119124412537), (u'Waco', 0.7715153098106384), (u'San_Antonio', 0.7707876563072205), (u'Lubbock', 0.7663214802742004), (u'Amarillo', 0.7655993103981018), (u'Corpus_Christi', 0.7123886346817017)]





I have a sad feeling that Dallas is not going to show up  I gotta say though, you'd think more shows would use music from the game. mmm
@SeptMourningM Texas is far from phx! LOL  what part?
@Mandy_Howerton aw that's no good. Dallas is a thumbsup though. I used to live in Austin. I miss it so badly. 
off to  slow start, somewhat planned... the boo had us up much of the night cuz she couldn't breathe - cold+TX allergies 
@derans Just tried to register for Austin Code Camp, but they had a server error 
Feeling very, very envious of everyone who has already seen Star Trek in Austin, TX and Australia. 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Austin - Texas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Amarillo - Texas
Stuck in Houston airport for more than 12hrs ... 
I hate this live feed. They need a Texas C-SPAN. 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Fort Worth - Texas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Houston - Texas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Amarillo - Texas
woke up and it's raining in Houston...   
It is poring rain in Austin texas 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Houston - Texas
Flight b4 us got canceled hoping ours at 3:30 won't Otherwise we have 2 drive 2 Dallas 2 get on R connection.  http://twitpic.com/3j4p8
Another rainy ass day in Houston, I can't see him in the rain 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Houston - Texas
just got hit with something - sick as a dog with less than 48 hours before I  am supposed to fly with lucia to Texas.... 
@lene_tn I am in Tx ...missing thunder @ home 
PLEASE tell me they can put me on another earlier flight since mines cancelled!  . I hate Texas, it's weather and not being home 
I wish the rain would stop...its so ugly here in Houston right now 
@petewentz we drove 3 and a half hours to come to a cancelled show. We will find you in Houston if you tell us where you are 
it's raining here too......is raining everywhere????!!!!...........im so sorry about the kids on Houston, that really sucks... 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Corpus Christi - Texas
Pretty terrible driving weather to Austin. 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Amarillo - Texas
@petewentz I wish you dudes were coming to Austin, tx on this tour. Hearts my little heart. 
@AlexAllTimeLow I wish I was in Houston. 
@AlexAllTimeLow  ok then idk. Houston is the luckiest city right now
Facebook thinks I'm still in Texas. I'm getting e-mails about concert listings in Houston 
To the window to the wall... To sweat drips my ball. Portland had a terrible game against Houston  ? http://blip.fm/~4kgd3
So I sent my laptop to HP in Houston to get fixed...houston is flooded FMLaptop 
To the window, to the wall. Till the sweat drops down my ball....! Portland got wrecked by Houston  ? http://blip.fm/~4kgmc
Created roadkill driving back from Houston... 
wish I was in Houston for the @Houston_Dynamo game instead of here for work 
Went 2 the Galleria Dallas - ytday - more people there than I have seen in the last year - but not many buying. 
Just realized I left my wallet in Llano 
getting packed...off to Texas for a week, too bad it's for work 
On the way back from Texas...really missin church 
Is at Dallas Love Field Airport. Flying back to Houston in time to take my test....yay! ... 
Is at Dallas Love Field Airport. Flying back to Houston in time to take my test....yay! ... 
going places, and then back to gay Abilene 
http://tinyurl.com/csr5f6  2 Dallas Mav tickets forsale,can't go anymore bc of school 
missin Austin &amp; Round Rock...now I'm back in Dallas &amp; I have to go to work 
Just lost $100 in a Texas Hold Em game 
@JoelMadden awesome!! It doesn't come to Dallas until the 24th I believe... 
@gerardway will Dallas be made into a book like apocalypse suit?? because Dallas issue 1 isn't sold in sydney anymore 
@Eisley oh how i wish i could drive up to Waco to see ya'll 
@aniburi I feel like you went M.I.A. on your boy.  How's Houston working for you though?
@theclairemarie I'm jealous!  We tried like every opportunity in Houston but never did win 
@Austin_Irl I know - and I managed to miss most of it being indoors.  Rage!
Death Cab is playing in Texas tonight. I'm so sad I couldn't go 
Just lost at Texas Hold Em 
At the Houston airport! Way tired but sad to see my brother leave. 
Dallas is warm, but no sun!!  
wishes Bamboozle was in Houston. 
Missed the connection.  now waiting in DFW airport terminal for next flight to OKC. I'm so tired!
@NeshiaK I hve a wedding in Houston and I won't be here on may 23rd  I'm gonna miss kela graduation too..
hang out with Chinemelu Elonu my besty and then going to Library on a BEAUTIFUL Texas Saturday 
hanging out with Chinemelu Elonu my besty and then going to Library on a BEAUTIFUL Texas Saturday 
Serious thunderstorm and tornado warning rolling into north Dallas (plano/allen).  #weather 
so sad about the Dallas Cowboys- 
Hot nights in Texas, humid &amp; no wind what so ever... 
@titicuervo - and I thought you'd come to Austin to see me and fascat! 
I hate CVS...stuck here till 3  very sad about that. But out with some Mimi girls tonight! Yay! Texas roadhouse!
Last day in Austin  gonna head to the track with the guys and see if I can keep up!
My 1/2 marathon was cancelled  stupid stormy Dallas!
@pinksugacupcake omg I need to take a trip to Houston, in Toronto we don't have NM  
@k0p well my son is with my parents on a trip to Texas... i'm lonely  you may see a lot of me on here since their gone 
@haacked Dallas County in Texas lowers speed limit to 60 from 70 even in relatively rural areas. Got nailed this weekend 
@guanabee I work for a school district in Houston the students have said there bus driver doesthis 
Not in Tx.  
Just got back from being up and down the Texas Coast for our wedding anniversary. Didn't catch no fish though..... 
@podcampsa unfortunately I will me in Austin that day 
@TurtleBabyy just here twittering away and missing my stud shes down in Houston 4 hours away   
ugh! that was a tiring run! I hate the Texas sun! 
no more Abilene WyldLife  hard for my hear -- however, excited about the opportunity to do YougLife or YoungLives ...but a hard choice
no more Abilene WyldLife  hard for my heart -- however, excited about the opportunity to do YougLife or YoungLives ...but a hard choice
is leaving Houston in the morning.  SanAntonio and the back to the valley!
Seriously, that was my motivation, but it's me and I live in Tx so what are the odds? Such is my life. I could not fail more if I tried 
Billion dollar stadium and a 10 cent tent. Dallas you should of did better than that. 
The rain cometh to Dallas.  
@bmurrayofteez awww I wish I was in Houston all my homies r there  I'm stuck here for mothers day lol
I just put Sam on a plane to Dallas  
Spending MDay at green conference in Dallas  but lots to see.  Presentation on Geo later today.
Off to Shintos today, Yeeeee!!!  LOL   Texas de brazil was booked 
@SuperCr3w what no Texas?  but we're so funnn here! &gt;.&lt;
Still chilling in Austin. Going back to SA tomorrow  blehh. Not excited...
I already miss Waco but most importantly I miss my friends! 
@niklectric - don't know the song, but that was my favorite place in Austin for breakfast. It's now that town's version of the Alhambra 
Really going to miss Abilene. 
gosh! Dallas won.. why oh why...  oh well, there's still another game.. go Nuggets!
@RoxbarOM I was wrong, turns out @katyperry is coming to Houston today! we missed out 
headed to Dallas tomorrow...need some sleep but I am not tired yet!! 
@999VirginRadio Texas Tang Doritoes...came out the same time as Cool Ranch...but didn't last   I loved them.
Entering Austin 
@joebucknam I live in Austin right now. I guess Fox decided people outside of DFW were not interested in the Rangers 
On my way back home  to Austin tx
@TRENTONC how's Dallas treatin ya? I was supposed to be in Houston this week but plans fell through 
Went to Ross with mom and got a bunch of cute things for less than $100 for my community rotation. Now she's on her way back to Dallas 
I'm not heading to Dallas til tomorrow  Thats okay though...NM is beautiful. Its 100+ degrees today in Roswell!!
Missing my friends and my Boyfriend in Austin!!! terribly!!! 
@oliviamunn There was an earthquake in Dallas on Sat. Guess that was the pre-Robot invasion phase 1. We never have those in TX 
tired.....hope I'm not sick  in McKinney, TX http://loopt.us/9WpT9A.t
@JenelleRae damn came to Austin and didn't visit  I'm hurt
@BrennaCeDria lol 62 now ha yeah right The Texas heat will be here by noon about 90 I think  
@Tyler_Texas We missed you yesterday! 
@paperroute im depressed....my best friend has cancer...and i have to go see him...won't be able to make the Houston show...i want to cry 
Austin has to go see his pedi this morning... poor little fella is so allergic to mosquitoes 
At the doctor all day  in Austin, TX http://loopt.us/vfjTpg.t
Heading to Beeville today, Byron's not feeling well. 
@danielRiots Houston.. we have liftoff! btw, you never answered my question whether you'd be visiting sydney soon or not 
Headed back to Austin...bye Houston. 
@sylvanaknaap Couldn't find the real Austin Powers...  
Just made my flight to Dallas. I was hoping for an empty seat next to me but it's not happening. 
@DFW wondering if it's possible to run a race after a week with very little sleep and no workouts 
Waiting in long a** security line at Austin airport 
@thescript and I don't see Texas on there at all 
if you had $915 would you save it, buy a new fridge, or go to Dallas.make that $600. gotta buy school books for fall 
@paracoco whats good Mrs. Texas!!! everything is sunny in AR right now..but that will change later today..more rain 
@epiphanygirl are you coming to Houston this month, different promoters are posting different things  supposed to be u,music, anthony ham
@JazzyBirdCoffee But, I live in Dallas.  
i wish whomever taught Austin how to call me didnt  ughhh hes being whiney today and keeps calling
Switching flights in Texas. Two hours sleep isn't agreeing with me this time. 
Packing up my apartment...leaving Austin this week. 
Ms. Houston from Curtiss died!  that's so sad...
@coreynjoey Yes, @trevorandkate will definitely be missed  But now I have a good reason to go caching in TX!
@luvfool14 Are people nice down there? Isn't Texas a red state? mostly republican  eh
@shmeggy027 I feel your pain. Adam went to Africa and now I'm stranded in our Houston apt. maniacally searching the online classifieds 
@dannycastillo We want to trade with someone who has Houston tickets, but no one will. 
@kimberlymdg I had fun tonight! I'll leave you with this...Brandi Carlile will be in Dallas today.  We should just sneak into the show!
@xC_A_Tx lol i havent watched it yet..  congrats!
gogowww how come we can't have deals like that from Houston? 
Hi ya twitt's..so leaving sat morning here in TX..sad  I guess gotta really find a job now..if anyone in Atlanta needs a great designer..
Heading to Beaumont 
Pressly Anne Hamm misses her mommy while she is in Texas  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6480360
@trueblooddallas Dallas, I have a few Questions for you but, can't direct to you cause your not following me 
soo tired  don't wanna go out in this Houston heat!
@laurenhobeast As much as I loved Texas, my dislike for needles could interfere. 
My daddy left to go back home to Texas  i will c him hopefully n the next two months
I hate traffic. Dallas is nothing, but traffic! 
Last weekend in Dallas for awhile 
It is hot here in Texas and our ac upstairs is broken so its really hot at my house. 
Just loaned out a set of aerobars to team mate for tomorrow's Texas Cup race at Alkek. Bummed I won't be there. 
Big Sam Houston is not big enough to overcome the challanges of moving-car-iphone photography  http://yfrog.com/0xhu5j
Oh Houston, i miss you. 
Awwww man! Switchfoot is gonna be on tour w/ Blue October this summer &amp; they're not coming to SA  El Paso, Houston &amp; Dallas only 
Bad week got even worse  in Dallas, TX http://loopt.us/SzeZ3g.t
Just arrived in Houston for a soccer tournament. I think there are 45 million people in this city.  ugh   
Just got to Dallas finally! Spending the night around Denton cause I can't let a Friday night go to waste. ;) but I miss DC! 
Just lost over $2000 in fake Texas Hold'em game 
is in Houston with the family wishing Amia was here with me 
Random gunshots. I'm gonna miss hearing those in Texas 
@ddlovato aww I remember finding roly poly's when I lived in Texas. I don't see them in new york though 
thinks that he is allergic to Texas 
so the firework show lasted only 8 min.  thanks a lot Gaylord Texan. now going to bed.
@lalabanks504 why yu aint tell me, ii only been back n Houston a lil ova week 
@abcandrea its bad in Dallas.  
free icecream @walmart? Not within 100 miles of Lubbock  http://bit.ly/YZpUL
'nother beautiful day in N. Texas! I need to do more stuff at night (laudry, house cleaning, shopping) so i can get out &amp; enjoy the day 
I have a headache, and I need a ride to Houston tonight 
I have a headache, and I need a ride to Houston tonight  http://twurl.nl/vac0i5
Not stoked that it's so nice out and I left camping and I'm driving back to Plainview only to go work in jersey 
@monvoix eventually to Dallas, but I had to travel around the country to get there from hntntn 
No work no camping no Dallas 
In Austin. feeling nostalgic. I wanna go home.... 
Work  in Austin, TX http://loopt.us/ubqoLg.t
@justincavazos I KNOW! I used 2 come 2 Dallas a lot, too. 
...looks like I won't be going to Houston tonight  Licka sto, heah I come!
My view from my hotel in Austin is awesme! I can't twitpic cuz iphones don't do that 
Had a blast at the Dallas Zoo! And enjoying Texas till 2mrow 
@guerillamilk me too. We go every chance we get. They don't have one in Austin. 
By a good ole Texas boy by @markstolaroff . I'm sad that I have to miss the morning session tomorrow because of screentest 
@yelyahwilliams that show is sold-out and i can't go to Houston 
I wish we were all Heaven in Lubbock, instead were at Grahams in Odessa.... Yeah, I feel blacker already! 
@phillyd Where is our special PhillyD vlog video man?! Why the heck did the Texans get a vlog and not us Arizonians?! I'm dissipointed... 
@14eleven Come to Austin and share our rum 
@zaneology Walking home in DT Dallas at midnight? You got a couple of strong bodyguards with you?... 
Finally home after a trip to Houston. I don't like it there. And I hated that I didn't get to talk to Chris all day. 
@mileycyrus Its too late to vote already in Texas, only for best movie. I even signed up on mtv.com just for you 
@PhillyRoll I'm so sad I can't make it to Irvine or Vegas   I'm a bridesmaid in my cousin's wedding that weekend in Houston
is finally headed home and didn't get to be in Dallas early enough to go to church 
Just waking up. Alone again  in Austin, TX http://loopt.us/YpYEXQ.t
I want to be in Dallas 
On my way to Austin,  I didn't get to say buy to you.
Going to visit poor Austin 
@Cohoons_World well, they are kinda bad right now!    Houston Astros.
I'm sucking up tears cuz I just found out Jennie is moving to Texas this year  AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!
Dear Texas, I will leave you on thursday and I am soooooooo sad... 
Dear Texas, I will leave you on thursday and I am sooooo sad... 
@kimlevin76 That sounds like heaven.  I had sweet tea in Texas once- they don't have it in Cali 
@topshelfcuzo just showing u some love on twitter! Awww u abt to leave NO so bittersweet  u headed back to Houston?
at Texas Roadhouse with the family...they're heading back to Oklahoma today. 
Plano Ampitheater was rocked last night! Today is work. 
@shayes287 I miss Johnny Rockets. They don't have 'em in Texas. 
@Austin_Irl yeah was good! Pamper zone still not busy tho 
@sampan22 Houston - there may be a problem w/ the DVDs 
@Austin_Butler hahah ive got a twitter adiction too and its all because nick jonas dont answer me 
@Pezdro I can't, she's in Houston 
Quick HI to all my Tweeps... heading back home to Texas tonite, I'll miss my sis tho  it'll be hard to get back in the groove again too!
@jaybrannan was gonna get tickets to ur show in Dallas until i saw it's on 7/19, I'll be in Cancun that weekend!  
I wish I could afford more than just the $10 donation, but I can't.  Need to go to the Arlington racetrack and start betting on the ponies
Thinking about how I had a bad day but was really just disappointed Austin didn't get to play in his new pool 
@lindsayking so not fair! they were there the week before i came to Dallas and then the week after i leave they are back in town 
I honestly have NOTHING else going on, not even the Dallas show   and if I stay stubborn the tear could become irreparable
Gusto ko tres lechessss!!! Masarap tres leches sa Texas 
@rattis true, true...i'm thinking my lungs are black and gross thanks to the company i keep...  i miss Austin...no-smoking ordinance.
If you live in Texas and would like a cat, please let me know.  I have to get rid of my big call named Ember.  
@xC_A_Tx i know!!! are they even mentioned?? 
@JudeisJude why does FC Dallas have to suck this year? 
Texas at night is creepy 
I miss Dallas already 
Leaving KC now  headed down to Austin TX for a few weeks
Last day I'm Houston then coming back to reality! 
@officialnjonas I wish I could  come to Houston and hang out with me and talk about diabetes with me D:
@dsfq Nope, I'm in Austin, Texas. Too bad 
I don't wanna go back to Austin 
I wish i'd bought a ticket to the Houston show too and i coulda saw em again last night  its only 4 hrs from dallas.
@mooncross have fun in Houston!!! I forgot my cell phone at home today... 
Wishing I could get my knee looked at so I can figure out what is wrong with it, and wants to be in Austin right now 
Dallas is gayy. Haha i don't like it. I have a 2 hour layover here. 
Amazingly I'm getting out of Houston, TX pretty fast which is unusual, however I'm only heading up to Dallas, TX with this load 
@KathleenShow We see those chicken trucks all the time here in Dallas. Tyson has some major operations here in Texas. 
Today could be better... would be great if I had confirmation that date night is here in town, since Houston has been nixed.  
@jhourdand damn i would be there if only u didn't live in the DFW area... 
wants to go visit Texas for her sisters high school graduation &amp; grad party...  
wants to go visit Texas this weekend for her sisters high school graduation &amp; grad party... 
I wish I was in Austin with my baby sister! 
@SueDaydreamer goodnight!! i can't believe... 11 days and i see you in Madrid... i would go to Dallas with you after  love you!
@haylio oh, hon its so tempting but I'll be in Austin the week b4 and the wallet has tumbleweeds rolling around in it. 
In Spanish till 10 pm  in Austin, TX http://loopt.us/-fGd8Q.t
I need a summer Austin buddy  everyone I know went home for the summer...
@J_Alexandria no  i will HOPEFULLY be at Dallas and the event after that anndddd the Championships.
@PMGNicole @triciarobey @wvpmc @JodiEchakowitz Tx 4 the suggestions.I'll go there, but will miss my tweetdeck.  I can quit any time,really
@YoungQ thank you...damn, I don't want to wait until Dallas... 
@ms_random_mo oh man! I'll have to see what I can do! lol! But I wish you were going to Dallas 
@gingerocks where in Texas are you moving to? I'm in east Texas and been looking for a ht (zipper on back window of st broke)  98 wrang
@feilfs01 You should be in Texas 
Not in Texas anymore. 
just tried to find tickets for @taylorswift13 concert at the American Airline Center in Dallas for Sept and there already sold out! 
@eddieizzard Houston is hot and humid 
anybody else in Frisco hear the loud KABOOOOOMMMS!!!! last night? I hate thunder 
Greg Ellis was just released from the Dallas Cowboys 
@Jaeddington hey girl got the dvd yesterday watched it just a bit ago.  The KC one was awesome the Tulsa one wont work! 
@RyanStar from Houston, not currently in 
No Texas. 
Ohhhhh man. Lackland air base Texas is where my wing training is going down. Awsome. Can't wait ... Texas... 
@TeamGiles ahhhhhhhhhhhh...yes...it's the best!  Austin rocks...I miss it so much!  I miss the hills...the outdoors period!
@leahcallegaro Probably not as bad as Texas 
Spent a week with my daughter and loved every second.. she leaves to go back to Houston  every moment with ur kids is beautiful!!!!!!
I wanna watch Austin Powers  LOL
Going to Sac tmwr morning w/my uncle &amp; aunty to drop my lil cousin Kaelynne to the air port, shes leaving to Texas for a month! 
Angie and laura ima miss u girls dnt leave bk to Texas stay here in californina we have so much fun here wit u girls. 
@brandonxy A Texas guy! Man, I miss Texas/Texans so much!   haha
@shindigownsyou AWESOME!! is it the Abilene song.....i love that song its so pretty or did you guys make another song? i miss u guys 
It seems we are stuck on the ground in Amarillo. They have put a ground stop for all flights leaving for Denver. Said updates in an hour 
@jonasbrothers I can't find any floor seats for the Dallas concert   now i can't come see you guys 
is going to be in Austin for one more day,yay! give me any excuse to stay back and not leave 
@mileycyrus Why aren't you coming to Houston, TX??   
going to Weatherford, TX for the weekend...moving the sister 
Dropping off my baby at the airport  She on her way to Texas, to see our family!
I think I am getting sick  Having a sore throat sucks!! Taking Dalton to the Dallas Zoo for the first time ever!! He will be 6mo on monday
No more car   &amp; bought my ticket to go to TX next week!
Scratch that. At the never-ending dance rehearsal. 2 hours and still in act 1  in Houston, TX http://loopt.us/Ds_6bw.t
@mvincenti http://socialmediaclub.pbworks.com/Houston it isn't active...I'm thinking you either start it or drive to SATX or ATX 
wow. HEB dropped from 4.50 to 2.50 , im sad  2k profit -&gt; about 300$ profit
Counseling buddy graduated from her MFT program, taking a year off before finishing hours - moving to Texas  I will miss her much.
@ultra8201 ugh. They sold out in Dallas 
Nevermind I'm still in Waco 
Toto, you're not in Texas anymore... 
my hubby is so cool. he is my designated driver 2nite! cant wait 2 hang out w/ my girl who will soon b moving 2 Texas... 
@KattPackAllDay Reppin' Houston, TX when are you coming back I missed your show the last time! 
Austin bound again..I wanted to party in Dallas tho 
My jacket and me still smell like Austin's car air freshener. 
@jazzgirl4 Yup  I have no life, it's so sad. I might drive down to Austin to hang out with some friends but its probably just me &amp; celebs.
Other obligations are keeping me from listening to FFundercats tonight.  Hooooo from Austin. http://ff.im/3DQpk
Calallen won. 
Huge show going on in Dallas right now at the door @redtouring playing with @sinceoctober and I am here in the studio playing them songs. 
It's a very nice night tonight in Dallas, it's too bad I'm super tired and all I want to do is go to bed 
I'm bummed that I missed the passion pit show last night  I really like this group. I hope their next show in Houston is forthcoming.
@matkearney will YOU please?!? Houston wants you!!!! 
I want to pack all my friends in a suitcase and sneak them back to Denton with me. 
In Texas. I'm beinf forced 2 the club &amp; u know how I feel about that 
@HappiForever I don't live in Houston..the lat/long data that is now in my location field is way too close. 
Wanting to be home in Texas to see my family and friends..  I need school to be over now!
@hollydenise A whole week in Houston and I haven't been able to see you  What gives?
is leaving Austin in the morning and won't be hearing the @mrbobbybones show for a week 
Headed to Houston in 4 hrs....no sleep for me 
I just found out I'm not only going to NM this coming week, but also Texas for network installs at both places and the train them. 
@aaron_brooks no   I'm in Texas this week....
working a double at Texas Roadhouse 
My little sister is on her way to Dallas, TX to start her new life. I miss her already 
is did not get a new phone  headed to Texas for hollys graduation!
@LaurieMit Texas Autism HB451 only covers those having insurance that must follow state mandates. How many of us are still left out? 
@JenLovesJoey Dallas...I can only afford one place 
@jorgEsk I'm a poor soul. I live in the projects of Dallas. 
@SassyQuita....I wanna move to Dallas too! 
Bad news came in today...good friend was killed. Boarding a plane to Austin now... 
@emmakid that's happened to me before  I'm sorry! how long is this trip you speak of? and where are you going? Denton?
Should be at the concert in Dallas  I will be so happy when I don't have to work weekends anymore!!!!
Cleaning and laundry all day. Dallas race tonight... This race always makes me nervous 
On my way back to Houston .. sad to be leaving SM so soon 
just said goodbye to the Texas and Oklahoma family. 
@sheasylvia in the words of Whitney Houston, &quot;I will always love you.&quot; 
Remember seeing Chris Fairbanks http://snipr.com/jlekm open in Houston ~4 years ago. Wish I could go again, but I'll be out of town 
@patricknorton Gas prices are doing the same here in Oklahoma as well  
Traffic in Austin, flat in Waco, traffic in Dallas = no topgolf today 
I wish I can watch Indy cars in Texas but I'm at work 
@tectizzle well that doesn't help me in Amarillo Texas 
I miss Texas. I should've stayed longer... 
21st place in Texas after running out of gas at the end 
Astros lost  hopefully when they come up to Dallas I'll watch them kick Ranger ass
Texas vacation is coming to a close  I'm enjoying the last night in Frisco.
@Daizz26 she didn't play it in TX either! 
OKC and Amarillo totally screwed me up in pickem this week 
@Bandera11 sorry to hear about your leg 
leaves Texas for good in 16 hours...  sorry everyone i haven't gotten to say goodbye to or see.... ugh. I'll miss everyone.
Completely &amp; utterly devastated. Unsure of where I will live after this week since TX blew up today after months of unforeseen problems. 
@AndyNOTLP is totally making my night with the camping/photo updates. Too bad it is WAY too hot to camp in Texas right now. 
@StyleMeRad haha. me &amp; my mom jam to her all the time. shes not coming to Houston, poooo 
@itslikesovonni: I might go see her on 4th of July weekend. She's performing in Dallas and Houston. No one ever comes to Oklahoma 
@CaliLewis I wish I were going, I miss Dallas! 
@beccahzuazua without Houston. it's home. all the people I love the most are here. 
@theenemos No!  I love Austin- have a fantastic time
@kalemeow The fail was indeed present in plenty...sorry if we caused any of it by being short handed up in Austin 
Why doesn't anything twilight related come to Houston, we are the 3rd largest city and get nothing. 
@bplusb I was jealous  I want to see SantIgold! I'll be back in North Texas in August though, we have to go to S4 at least once before SFA
Going back to Austin...in an hour. So, I should be there by 7 or 8. Yay for going back boo for so much driving 
is in Texas for a couple more days then back to Tampa...I miss my peeps over there  
@SKMusic man I wish I was going to six flags. We don't have 1 here in Houston anymore 
We boarded the plane and THEN they tell us about a hour delay.  Were going to sit for a while  in Euless, TX http://loopt.us/zDnTWw.t
...85 sweltering degrees in Texas...(sigh) - not looking forward to summertime here.  
Houston    
I just had my first burger from a fast food resteraunt from Whataburger in Corpus Christi TX (: im going to go visit Selena next R.I.P 
is excited for Austin...in like two months. 
Leaving Austin is always so sad 
Visiting pops. Missing Grapevine 
is following Coldplay...who is apparently in Austin right now. 
Wish I could've seen Reba in concert last night in Texas!! 
Oh and fuck this damn Texas heat. 
@JessicaSimpson Plano, Richardson, Addison, Frisco, Irving, I miss those places in Dallas! 
said y'all for the second time today.  Ahhh stupid Texas corruption! 
Houston here I am! I wish I could stay and visit you. 
I'm home from two days in Houston for a friend's wedding.  Now I want to get married 
just got homeee. bestfriends moving to Texas tomorow  #dfizzyyy &lt;3
Just passed a sign that said  Lewisville  close but no cigar
Wish I was a Dallas cool kid 
No Austin this weekend and I am totally bummed 
missing my family in Austin 
@IvyJanitza come to Dallas! I need you 
@JayChiLLL half lol but I'm going to Dallas 
@Phillacoaster I haven't been to Galveston in over a year. 
Belveder is tha spot...u makin me miss stayin in Houston  @MissKeriBaby
My ears are still ringing.  I need to sleep!! in Austin, TX http://loopt.us/4ShHaQ.t
Really want to be in Dallas right now... 
goodbye Texas  
driving bk to Dallas today......physical therapy n class 
good morning everyone!!!  Another scorcher in TX!! 99 today, and I have to work   but, at least it's day off OT!!!
Has an ant hill the size of Texas by her grape vines. I hope I don't need to sacrifice my plants to get rid of the ants... 
Fixing to take Patrick to Dallas for several weeks.     Makes me hate summer vaca.
Already back in Dallas...  
@OfficialTG3 you know I'm leaving Texas, right? 
@kaylacelina George strait was at Dallas the day of our graduation  I wanted to go
Getting ready to board and just realized I forgot my drink coupons at home  in Northwest Dallas/Love Field
had fun wkend in Dallas wit da girlz...back 2 work again 2nit! 
@trvsbrkr awesome artwork! hope everyone has a great time.. will be thinking about it from hot ass Texas 
@jerryhorton weird!!  Texas misses you!!  
@alnguyen84 It's in Houston! Probably not VOXing this week. Ankle is still swollen and hurting. 
@atticusjackson1 O_o Huh? And please give back the favor by taking a piss in Houston...I really need it to rain 
@bethpetty Nothing exciting, what about you? I'm not going to Dallas just planning an event for other people to go to Dallas 
I'm trying to pack some more! We are moving to Austin, TX next month!!! I don't want to go 
@CathrynMarie what's up my Houston girl!!  Long time ---&gt; 
Awesome, missed flight to Houston and theyre sold out till midday tomorrow. Looks like might be going to Austin and driving. 
@ImChrisRich so when are you bringing yourself down here to Texas? lol..i am so mad because the american idol tour isnt coming to houston 
I so can't wait for the beach, Austin, Houston, B-DAY, Vegas... but I can wait for school. 
Approaching Plano.    #Bonnaroo a whole year away now, but it's well worth the wait. Bonnarooooo!! http://twitpic.com/7i8em
@BrianQuest  come back to Dallas!
TODAY SUCKED!!!  I am in Texas where it's hot and no @DannyWood @DonnieWahlberg @JoeyMcIntyre @JordanKnight or @JonathanRKnight to see. 
Not in Texas anymore.... 
@ThePISTOL Yay!  I wish I could go to the concert!  but enjoy Dallas while you are here 
@DaveRacingKites oh cool how Dallas doesn't have one here..  fuck. thanks for rubbing it in my face. lol
@princesshaley  It's my least fav part about TX! 
i have a strange rash on my ankle from being outside in the garden!! Freakin' Texas outdoors!!! 
Car is injured and stuck in Dallas 
@Nacoleboan. That's summer in Houston. Summer in Kansas means rain! 
Heading home. No luck with free food  in Arlington, TX http://loopt.us/B5coMA.t
@WilliePTV Was this in Houston? I would've definitely come if I'd known... 
@honorsociety im in Keller, TX!!! haha its amazing!!! i wish i could come out &amp; see y'all!! but i cant  its depressing!!
Missed Santigold's show in Austin tonight  but met up @chaninator on 6th (finally, haha)
Austin has blue and yellow underwear today. No photo. 
@alfredowulf he asked me to request one for Austin and I said &quot;Plans&quot; he he said prob not  so I will have to think of another...
@alfredowulf he asked me to request one for Austin and I said &quot;Plans&quot; &amp; he said prob not  so I will have to think of another...
never thought she would say this, but she misses her little one Enid.  http://plurk.com/p/11b8cj
Today I return to Houston from Puebla. 
Odessa can't have surgery cause something else is wrong with her 
Only in Houston can your electric bill go from 60 dollars to 210 dollars in 1 month... #deregulation 
@YatPundit Only with tourists. Austin's the same way. 100's of fantastic local places, and everyone wants to go to Texas Road House. 
I really need to fly to Houston, he doesn't want to pay....huge debate here we come. 
James has just boarded the plane to Dallas, TX.  Next flight would be Dallas to San Jose, CA.  I miss my son already 
ATX weather/traffic update 4 visiting skaters! www.wunderground.com/US/TX/Austin.html. &amp; Cesar Chavez will b down to 1 lane ALL weekend 
is leaving Tx and headed back to Oz in a few hours 
wish i was back in Texas!!! 
@sirmatthews Touche'! Lol that was just a coincidence! Marques Houston was my FAV but I missed that one too 
Julia just flew back home to Dallas and I miss her already! 
@harmacy jealousy! She's not even coming to Austin. 
@travisdcobbs Guess who played @ Houston the week we were in Mexico? 
@CRez please twitter about it tomorrow! I left my TV in TX 
my Aug 30th date in Texas just fell through  , if you know of a church that may ant to bring us in, email erickcole@TravisTaylorMusic.com
was going to get my TX drivers license but need a copy of my birth certif. 
Just saw a border terrier on 50th street and almost started crying. I miss you Dallas 
I am waiting for my husband toget home. He has been in Texas for the last 5 days. I miss him! 
World is a scary place. Brother just talked to me about the Texas Syndicate and how predominant they are 
At LAX.....getting ready to head back to Houston...sad day 
@kevjumba I can feel your pain I went to Texas and left with 15 on my arms and legs..the one on my white legs left scars 
@johncmayer 2 hours? does that mean Texas is out of the question? 
@teddy_graham Oklahoma income tax is only 4.5%.  But then you have to live in Oklahoma (which is really close to TX  )
Just got home in time to turn on the TV &amp; hear Texas had a major comeback to beat ASU -- Didn't even have a chance to get my rally cap on 
@Gilamuffin Most eligible bachelors in Dallas...until Nash had to go find himself a girl to wife up 
@CynicalGrl what u r not going to TX? 
Oh no! Papa said Austin is fully booked! 
@DonnieWahlberg im still learing this twitter thing.i wanted to go see the show in Dallas/july.my 6yr in a car accident...can't afford it 
@denisefraser Didn't see any Texas wines on the Zoot wine list, though 
I get to goto Conroe to work all day because one of my coworkers injured himself...hooray.  I get to leave at 6:30am in the morning 
Still at work.  been here since 7:45. And i'll be back at 7:45 again tomorrow. Pat says that i'm 'the hardest working man in Texas' lol
staying in Texarkana for my last night in Texas  will officially be a citizen of Kentucky tomorrow
@LetMyPrideBe that show sounds awesome!  too bad I missed y'all in Austin.  
Is back at home in TX  A lil bummed I didn't get to do even half of the stuff I wanted to...ready to go back to Cali...
Is home in Texas 
So long Dallas, I wish things could of been different, on my way back to waco........ 
If the dumba$$ in Houston wanted to kill himself, so be it. But why kill your little children too. Sadly, he lived. R.I.P. little ones 
@megdia You haven't updated in a while. This makes me sad.   I'm stoked to see you in Dallas at Warped Tour though! #squarespace #trackle
@AnthonyMcMurray LUV HILLBILLY! I have 2 work on the accent. live in Texas /grew up in Chicago/ CA 4 7 yrs didn't soften chicago accent 
@CostaVidaFred Houston...ate @ Costa Vida ALL the time when I lived in Mesa,AZ...why aren't there more in Texas? 
.. But fuck you for leaving me to go to Dallas all alone.. 
Nothing. just listenin 2 music. in bored.. Austin almost died 2day! 
@bartelme Not here in Texas...  At least not that I can get to 
...i wish i lived in Texas 
@Jonasbrothers I wish I lived in Texas! 
@Jonasbrothers How about to Rockwall? I have to work! 
@Jonasbrothers I don't live in Texas.. otherwise i'd be there in a heartbeat  &lt;3
@Jonasbrothers ahh i wish i was in Texas!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@Jonasbrothers i wish i could but I don't live in Texas  Joe I love u with glasses by the way &lt;3
so incredibly bored with life in springfield--were it not for alter boyz, I could be hanging out in TX... 
I hate Dallas mosquitos. They are eating up my skin. Dallas people, any suggestions?  http://twitpic.com/7nmbi
Reallllllly wants to participate in Lamar's summer dance camp. Why do I have to be in school? 
@Jamesizzle A bunch of football players prank called me last night, and it sucked majorly  On the bright side, my dad got a job in Dallas!
Leaving to Colorado for a while, goodbye Texas 
I don't want to leave Laredo 
@JCJ0300  I will b sad when u all r happy in Texas! LOL
looks like my move to Texas will involve some major paperwork to keep my company legit. This is not my favorite part of owning a business 
@crystyles a girl in Houston makes them but she's moving to Dubai next week 
@modernprimitive Amarillo  .. we lost electricity  all back on now
@TheQuietOne35  Did you get Dallas 5*
@GKLoKi LUCKY i wanna go so bad. i don't know if finances will let me though.  what's worse is that alabama ain't that far from Texas
@kbamburg I know!! But Chris hates Texas so you couldn't go anyway. 
 I just realized that #wordcamp Dallas is happening the exact same weekend that apollocon.org is. Drat!
I lost SIX hours of work due to a power outage from the storms down in Texas. I got used to few power interruptions in washington 
It looks like I still must drive to Galveston, my plans were foiled.  I'm already stressing out about it, big time. Suckage.
@devincf I would have, but I'm in Austin, and I don't think they've installed the bullet train yet 
just got back for church and HEB. I feel superly sick 
I wish I lived in Texas 
I wish I lived in Texas  http://tinyurl.com/lemptr
@Seduction702 - awww thas gud !! Congrats on making it to TX !!  I miss u !! 
@crystal2181 http://twitpic.com/7ntgh - leave it to Texas! I miss you texas 
been sick  feeling better now! I'm  leaving at 7am for Austin Texas.
Anybody know anything about 1031 exchanges in Texas?  Neith CCH, RIA, nor google is helping me. 
@MrsBlue23 Texas girl..madd far. 
@ladyinred05 everyone can't get their hair 2 look as good as urs!! lol i don't even know where i put my hairpieces that i got in Houston 
Packed up and ready to go tomorrow.  I'm taking a day off...to go to a wedding...blah.  Not gonna make it back to Houston at all.  
Leaving for Treasure Cay, Bahamas in 2 hrs. Only staying for 1 hr  in Houston, TX http://loopt.us/YIT4rw.t
I've gained some weight since I've been in Houston.  
Totally despondent because my laptop is a lemon - sent it to Texas for repairs or replacement.  Nov. revisions will have to be on hold 
Flight delayed, won't be in Austin til late now 
@DeXimE Of course, we still have federal tax  But no state taxes in Texas. And no alimony in divorces either.
@kenwheaton I love Checkers. We had one in Houston several years ago, but not any more.  I miss their fries.
@shayes287 good morning! you've got me craving an order of half rings/half fries now. F*&amp;$ing Texas doesn't have J Rockets 
Oops first snag of the trip. Axel broke on the trailer...  not cool. Stuck in Texas waiting for a mechanic to roll through.
I'm sooo pissed at Dallas, she just chewed the binding on my Bible 
I am getting my Texas state mandated vehicle inspection 
@dynomitemon Aww, I'll actually be in Austin for a wedding on the 4th. Boohoo... you won't be there. 
@therev  When do you come back to Texas? I had to miss yalls last concert in Belton. I didnt get enough money soon enough.  
is annoyed that whenever I get updates from Sprinkles I'm never in Dallas to use them.   
@hnb09 nothing official yet. I want to go to Houston!  I have to make sure I can take off from work first. I'll try to go to Dallas too.
@JayElectronica Plano police at their finest... and this is the &quot;rich white area of Dallas&quot; ... so f***ing typical...  welcome to Dallas
@mikeneumann  I think I need to move back to Austin after seeing that picture 
@killpup25  j/k) have fun with rich...treat him right.  ya, wedding is in Texas for Rich's friend...i'll be back monday
BReal is in Austin tonight 
sad to see her boss move to Texas 
softball practice... its so effin hot in Texas 
No clue how I'm gonna pack for Texas without taking my whole closet with me. 
@zachcoss must be nice. I'm stuck at the Dallas airport til 845. 
@LuxorLV why do I have to live in Texas 
I just talked to my son Austin on the phone..he really wants to come up for the summer but we are sure his dad will say no 
@ppierodds do it man! I've been livid with them since moving to DC - coverage here sucks. Kinda like it did in Austin at SXSW. 
Everything _is_ bigger in #Texas... even #bankruptcy filings   http://tinyurl.com/mkarxr
Stuck in Dallas for the night  i thought i'd be sleeping in my own bed tonight..but there are sleep number beds here at the hotel. I'm a 5
I'm really going through Houston withdrawls right now. 
In Texas ..Two good Ranger  Wins and One Ranger loss 
Just landed in Dallas! Everything IS bigger in Texas... which makes my penis look smaller by comparison 
@shaybabie I'll be in Houston 
Only thing I can say to that is sorry! hehehe @AlDelBene Everything IS bigger in Texas... which makes my penis look smaller by comparison 
@cootiepoop  For sure post pics!  Jealous they aren't stopping in Dallas. 
 wishes he could have been in Lubbock, Texas yesterday shooting photos of the dust storm.
Yes, there are long lines for the new iPhone 3G S!  Apple Store in Plano, Texas.  Slow...  http://twitpic.com/7sm4r (via @mclynd)
Something I'm going to miss about Texas-breakfast tacos! I've never seen them in any other state I've been to. 
Getting ready to go to the new Cowboys Stadium for pics...more shopping...then to a movie.  Last day in Texas! 
Gettig ready to have lunch with family Sis going back to Texas tomorrow  won at argosy wooho!
 last day in TX. ill b home tmrw!! yay!
@iPEECHIZ I went to elementaty school in Bellaire. My family still runs their business there. I miss Houston. 
somebody just said it's 91 degrees in Houston 
To say it's hot in Houston is a huge understatement.  This is miserable. There is no lake to jump in 
Major traffic on 35 north of Austin 
on break...but maybe not coming home....and a lot of friends r leaving     gonna miss them all!I miss everyone in Texas too!!    
@itsnikki Manchester is amazing, it's true. (Hear that, @LetMyPrideBe?). And gosh, as for Texas, probably not till SXSW next year. 
kinda bummd cuz @Austin830 doesn't wana watch farris buelers day off. 
  Anyone in DFW wanna hang out?
@blue22pr Nothing comes close! HEB generic version needs a lot of help. Not the same. 
Packing up getting ready to head back to Austin  
@sh4dymills | She went to Houston 
At the Dallas airport with no time to shop for Cowboys stuff. It's just not right. 
@drunkenpolack I was dreaming of a good beer today but bars in Arlington have 0 good beers on tap. 
Apparently 4 people from my class made the first cut for the Austin GDC game review, it appears I didn't. 
Doesn't even get to see Sarah before she leaves to Texas 
@NaomiER yall came to Tx and I missed it? 
@Alexis_Texas wow .. sorry you have a had a whole day airports 
speaker phone dinner with friends in TX...   (cue the violins dammit)
Judging finals of graphic design for BPA national convention tomorrow in Dallas...at 7 a.m. 
And with a walk-off homerun, Texas wins. That sucks.  ASU is eliminated.
ASU baseball team- Just lost to Texas- I think I am going to cry 
Last night in Galveston!!  AAAmazing week but ready for some real sleep!
I miss my family in Texas 
ok going to sleep..have to be up in 3 hrs to drive to the airport  our tour is over for now...TX next??? working on it!!
Two of my best brothas are moving to Texas in 10 days 
lonely cause my boo is in Austin 
@dallasjunebug sorry Dallas -  daily giveaways start pretty soon though so hang in there.
I have to wake up in 6 hours, drive 3 hrs to Dallas to start a 10 hour day. I dont wanna! 
@juicyjenbunnick http://twitpic.com/7uwjq - omg omg omg omg they look like Texas Teas!!!!!!!!! 
Wish she was in Dallas ... but wishing it won't help me to be there 
Mackenzie is now headed to Houston.  I miss my baby already.  
Working heading to Waco.. Yipee 
Heading back to Texas today.  I don't wanna. 
@mcsky1 I'd trade ya today. Too much sun and no big trees  in Austin, TX. Sweltering. Lived in Grants Pass for a while... and Miss it!
@majape About to log on now, but we'll be in Houston next wknd  for a belated fathers day trip...sadness!!!
@cubicle7  No Normal, Texas on the upcoming list?  Huge bummer.
some things you lend just never come back. A Torx TX6 screwdriver is one of them 
Ugh! This Dallas drive is the worst! The fact that its 101 degrees @ 10am - doesn't help - neither does that taco I bought @ gas station 
So this time 1 week ago I was recovering from Jones Beach &amp; getting ready for my M&amp;G  So sad its over...gotta go 2 Texas 4 the last show
Cramming for a test on Monday... No fun for me today  in Houston, TX http://loopt.us/1A6FXA.t
leaving Houston  back to v-town, looking forward to being at the lake the rest of the weekend!
going to airport... will be headed to DFW then DIA... goodbye Texas Tech! 
Ok, leaving to Houston...last time i see my big bro before he leaves to Colorado 
Leaving Vegas today. It's gonna be sad when we drop my Texas family off at the airport 
@iPadre sounds just like our Austin forcast. 
@jonaskevin I wish i was in Dallas watching you tonight 
@broncbuzzsaw In Austin  yes I am 
@crissangel ghaaaa why do I have to live in Tx 
@Steph996 in Texas, we only have walmart and target and my target doesn't have it.  stupid magazine venders lol
Wish i was in Dallas 
http://ping.fm/p/B06x1 - Oh I'm sooo ready for Dallas weather - new York, you disappointed me.  be better the week after the 4th please.
@jonaskevin Wish i was in Dallas 
Going to eat a birthday dinner with her friends then party! Woo!!! I wish I was in Dallas though. 
Very upset I'm in TX missing the old 97s play tonight in my adopted state.  also recommending that they NEVER play HOB in Dallas again!
@peqs Ooh ooh me, me, me. ... Oh wait, I can't afford it at the moment.     So sad, I always wanted to visit Paris, Texas.
Missing Houston...   
It's like a million degrees in Texas. I feel like a vampire, cause it hurts to go outside. 
The kick off of the Jonas Brothers world tour is tonight in Dallas, and I'm not going 
so I totally want to be in Dallas right now. 
so I totally want to be in Dallas right now.  omg http://tinyurl.com/lggry9
so I totally want to be in Dallas right now.  omg http://tinyurl.com/kt5nqj
I have to wait 63 more days til @Jonasbrothers. boo.  lucky Dallas-living people.
I wish I was in Dallas so badly. I would do anything to be there 
@UnholyKnight my dad actually had Genghis grill in Dallas last week and said it was awesome. TX is too cool 
I wish I could be in Dallas right now!  Niley!  #BTS
Houston Calls have called it a day and are splitting up, bad times 
I'd do ANYTHING to be in Dallas right now 
Wish I was in Dallas tonight 
I'd say the Jonas brothers show in Dallas tonight will be January 4ths show times 10. I would do anything to be in Dallas atm. 
@DonnieWahlberg you should see Kingsville, Texas!!! Ok maybe not it's tiny!!!   but much love for ddub!!!
wish i could be at the TX concert  #BTS
Just landed in Houston. Can't stay  gotta go catch my flight to BWI.
can't believe the time has actually come where his parents are moving to Texas. It feels weird. 
 just left Texas now in new Mexico here we come Colorado
@DatOnee no  I don't think he's been in my area... I know he was in Austin for SXSW tho
I wish I was in Dallas. 
dammit i wish i was in Dallas right now 
I reeeeeali wish i wuz in Dallas rite nw 
wish I was in Dallas...  
Dallas is going out again!! 
Jonas brother and Miley cyrus in Dallas tonight i wish i lived in Dallas 
@elesbells Dallas please 
I really want come to Dallas rightnow 
I really want come to Dallas right now 
Dallas officially closes after 2 in the afternoon, and on the weekends even earlier.  None of the underground tunnels were open 
@erickaditioner: hopefully soon! &amp; I'm in Austin at Laurens game 
@deceleratesmile haha oh okay. You should!! Omgggg Joby I've been stuck in Texas for a week!  eww.
I dont know what I did... but the font on this computer is Texas sized, everything is, including your face and I dont know how to fix it. 
Wishing I was in Texas at the Jonas Brother's concert 
I wish I were in Dallas right now 
@Jonasbrothers Wish i was in Dallas Texas Stadium 
i wish i was at the jb concert in Dallas tonight  but im pretty sure Texas is not where i should be...  my heart hurts :/
@garnetgurl hey!  I don't live in Texas   my name is the result of a very big obsession with a TV show lol
@Jonasbrothers in Dallas, i wish was there!   
ohh how i wish i was Dallas right now 
jealous of every citizen in Dalls, Texas right now lol 
I want to be in Dallas 
In Dallas Texas Waiting for @Jonasbrothers to come on stage got meet and greet sound check and then the worsed thing happend i woke up 
I wish be in Dallas 
@Jonasbrothers omj i wanna be in Dallas now! 
*sniffles* I wish I could go to Camp Broadway but I live in Texas. 
Tulsa Drillers lose to Arkansas Travelers 6-4.  Drillers now tied for 1st place in Texas League North Division. GO DRILLERS! 
Watching can u duet on cmt, but really want to be in Dallas to see Jonas bothers 
I would be in the New Dallas Texas Stadium 
@JanelleMonae I went to the show here in Houston. But you were missing. 
@leolaninyc cool, me too! I'm thinking I would like better tix for Houston then Dallas since it's the last one! 
no before the storm at any concert but Dallas... JEALOUS 
Wishing I was in Dallas with JB on opening, watching NILEY perform Before The Storm  &lt;/3
@Jonasbrothers With @mileycyrus in Dallas, i want to be there!!! 
wishing i was in Dallas tonight 
@nikkkjjjjj i cant  ill be in Texas
Just said bye to my bro and amber .. They're gone tomorrow to Texas not gonna see them for awhile .. I'm sad 
@ShawnaYourMom is one of the best friends I can have!!!!! I wanna come home to Texas 
@jonaskevin @nickjonas I bet it is really good... too bad i live really far from Dallas.. 
@selenagomez  Texas misses u! Proud to have a GREAT role model from Texas! U seen the new lone star state id??
I miss Texas 
@Erotic_Beauty um... halfway is like Dallas, or east Colorado, or west Missouri. driving? nada. I hate road trips in cars 
@selenagomez i really wanna go to Texas. I want to go and stay with my fam for the summer but my rents aren't up for it  wat part r u from
really really really wants to go to the Candlelight Vigil in Austin for Iran. BUT I CAN'T. 
@CheMiRacconti Texas doesn't want you to leave 
i wish i was in Dallas 
@ddlovato I live in DALLAS, Texas!! lol so i cant come ahah  but we saw you at the TX state fair and the PRIVATE concert at Nokia in gd pr
Losing at Texas Hold em 
But here's a (crappy) pic of the Dallas skyline @ night!  http://www.twitpic.com/7zpx8 It sooo doesn't do it justice  I &lt;3 my city!
@petewentz me!! It's 4:04 am in Houston,TX and I'm still wide awake 
Last nights show wasn't in Dallas it was in Arlington aka my friend Dave lives there 
@marcfennell I miss my granny back in Texas! 
@shaystew I wanna play too!!!! I'm all alone in Dallas! 
About to leave FortWorth, Tx bak to Lubbock,TX... 
Wishing I could see buds again. Missing Cali, Texas, Virg, UGH!!! (sigh) 
Leaving Dallas today. 
t something going back and forth to Brackenridge hospital. 
Despite the weather I want to go back to Texas to play somemore!! 
Helping Faith pack their apartment so they can move to Texas. 
just checked @mileycyrus twitter and found out she was at the JoBros show in Dallas last night.  so sad I missed them both! 
Wedding todayyyyyyyy! Drive home from Texas starts tonight 
@jenciTN I used to have a pool.   and down here in Dallas we're nudging 100.
J-Doo just left to go back to Houston ... I'm not sad ... 
It's official. All of my favorite bands are playing Texas shows the week I'm gone  this cruise better be life-changing!
@minivanmom All of your talk of moving to Dallas and whatnot has made me miss it 
I need someone to play by play the game for me cause I have to work  Geaux Tigers!!! Kick that Texas ass!
is at BMW Austin waiting on my a/c blower to get fixed.  
@MeredithMcManus I would if I wasn't in the middle of no where, Texas  I miss youuuuu
tied for 9th place at the state tournament...qualified for regionals in Houston...heck yeah!  goin to take abbie to the airport  iwmu!
my computers decided to stop working! well that's the one back home..in Cali  I'm in Texas right now &amp; its HOT so i'll update before I die
On our way home from Dallas   http://twitpic.com/85557
@Denaaaa I'm not going to the Texas shows, I wish I was! 
Hates salt lake city at this point. Misses DFW and people in it. 
So, maybe Texas doesn't have a job for me 
Whoa...Flipped away from the CWS and it was 1-0 LSU. Flipped back and it's 3-1 Texas. 
didn't actually get that free night in Amarillo 
@Kristen_Houston if I wake up like this, there's no way I can work! 
@gabboucla not at this point...was too late for the upgrade option  trying to get to the Dallas &amp; Houston shows...you?
@ericakelly01 is it as dry out there as it is in TX, ugh no rain and 100's for next seven days 
I don,t want to watch that Whitney Houston clip because is gonna make cry ......  
getting ready to go to Dallas... hot and humid... 
@1Marc 101 degrees + intense sun + no wind here in Texas 
Off to the airport!  Dallas here I come!
Ugh, all my Austin friends are seeing Transformers tonight without me 
sitting at the Houston airport.  7 hour layover 
i just got home from the Jonas Brothers Tulsa concert!!I still can't believe how amazing that was!! I just wish that I could rewind time 
@redeyechicago Angelica Houston. However it is not a pet, but a tropical plant. No pets allowed for me 
Is trying to keep out of this Texas heat  yuck!...
I'm missing @swankboutique and Elly's  but soo happy there is a Hemline in Dallas!
@JSafetySuit can you let me know when y'all will come to Texas? I wanna see y'all so badd but i dont think I could afford it 
Aww.. Houston, TX had it's first heat related death of the summer...man, staying COOL is a must 
At Best Buy Dallas. They didn't get the @willynorthpole album today 
i'm ready o go back to Houston 
@EAJosh I happen to be out of town for all of the Texas shows, damnn it's very aggravating.  
Came home for lunch. I can either watch wnba or rain delay of Texas baseball.  thank god for the simpsons.
@ddlovato why are u not doing a show in Dallas on ur tour 
Damn, Texas, you almost did it.  Congrats to LSU, though.
Texas lost the CWS 
Now this will drive me nuts!!! Why was I on Jordan K's page the other day? I'm sorry Caryl! I kept hoping he would be doing Houston too. 
@ldparrish I'm sorry   You have to get better before Dallas!
My better half is in Dallas for the next 3 weeks. She just left but I miss her already 
hafta do the unemployment thing today...ugh.  I'm ready for fireworks, but summer is too fast...I'm not ready for Austin to leave.  
@eastcoast I miss Texas 
@bethie138 @kboudit LMFAO. k it's getting funny at this point... Beth u know how much I wanna do Houston... but I know ur lame and cant! 
Pity I am on diet. Humble pie is high in calories, boys didn't get us lost. But I am still squashed in the back 
Just said bye to the parents, they are heading back to Texas. I still cry when they leave  http://myloc.me/5zon
finds the sun is a little less shiny without a Texas win ..... sigh 
It's way too hot and humid to just be 8 am  in Denton, TX
I had a crazy dream that Texas lost 11-4. SI.com confirmed it  
Huston is in Houston. I miss my bed.  I need a nap.
Brought the kids outside while our driveway is still shaded. Its already hothothot out here. Sweaty Texas sunblock skin is the best. Not 
@SauzaGold no. Austin Dallas and Houston. 
@ashnash | I'll probably be wishing I was in Houston... 
@chrisheuer Yay! Looking forward to it. You were in Dallas a few months ago when I was out of town and I missed meeting you 
She was a fellow Texan... 
@CuttaC @cocoandbreezy @zillaman @DatBoiBabyC @WRECKAMIC @ and everyone on here reppin Texas and Dallas, Mad Love &lt;3 Good nite y'all 
@Aaronshale cheers bruv! We've been delayed so spending a day in Houston. 2nd pint of the morning! 
@youngyonny nada...when u bringing your butt to Houston 
@UnitZeroOne &quot;birthday sport-shooting&quot;? Always knew there was a little Texan in there 
My Texans are complaining about the cold weather. It's 37 now, which IS very unusual for Texas this time of year. I like it tho. 
@johnengler Yes indeed - Texas keeps things interesting. Hope you're doing well. We should grab lunch when your schedule allows. 
is in the Dallas airport by herself for two hours until my group gets here....let the games begin 
@quiltersspirit k .. whenever   .. you should come to Market .. we'd have a great time ... maybe Houston ?
I wish this Austin rain would stop... there's a double-header baseball game v OU(sucks) today! 
Just landed in Hotlanta! I have like 15 minutes tip my next flight. Houston soon 
Now It's time to play Texas Hold'Em poker on facebook come join me? 
@petewentz If you're in Houston, you should stop by the Mattress Firm and get a new bed! If you don't want a bed, the Galleria's nice 
Heading to the Austin Aztex season opener against Minnesota Thunder. Looks like great weather for the match. 
@erinwalsh126 I'm keeping pretty good company with your following list. Thanks for finding me. I've moved to Austin, if you didn't know. 
@HANNAHMORGAN1 laughing too hard - nice little jog to Dallas 
@TankaBar_Linda U may want to follow @coffeegroundz. He is a coffee house in Houston. A great follow. 
Or possibly Austin. 
Heading to bed goto Catch a plane to IPS in Dallas  funtimes
@DonnieWahlberg I will be seeing you at an outdoor venue in Texas in JULY... that's devotion, man... 
@CrochetCafe when do you have time to landscape? It's lovely in Texas today 
Survived my daughters' Katy to Houston move in the torrential downpour yesterday....God has such an interesting sense of humor 
Houston where is Lorinda?, HMS Eastfield is going down get your ores and paddle away!! kebab on route to gob...... 
Finally having a sunny day here in N. Texas 
pictures with Beetlejuice in the bluebonnets today! i'm so excited. its a gorgeous day in Texas. 
@ZaneTheSinger What, they don't already know how great Texas is?!?  
Dallas vegas goodness  http://twitpic.com/3lzt1 On my way to to the SusCon 
&lt;333 Sunset - Marques Houston...I think thats who its by. I can fall asleep to that song and I am.  okay now good night! ;D
@SarahVee6661 ;; Yeeeeeeeeey. .......... white cheddars would be epic-sweet too. ....... let's go to Texas. 
Cole my smore  cutest lil boy in the whole wide world. Come back to Texas.
@JSW_EdTech And here is a photo of Lubbock, Texas, in my rear-view mirror  - http://bit.ly/eY3K1
@zaneology I would love to come to the spa - you need to open one in Austin too 
@Yerohs It's sunshiny here in Texas, too.  
@MrsArchuletaa haha aw me too! i can't wait, i'm seeing Rent for the last time in Dallas!  the two original guys are in the show too!
With Austin &amp; Karli going to Black Friar uptown! First time really going out in Dallas 
@kenjbarnes1 I was in Frisco one time when it got cold enough for the roads to get a little slick and you'da thought it was Armageddon.  
@JeffreySummers Interestingly, all his ex's live in Texas, except one that lives in Scottsdale  @JeffreySummers
@prohottie  it's alot easier to tweet with you when you tweet back.  how's TX?
@BenCecka Does there have to be a rationale? It is Texas after all 
NACUE is up &amp; running  Welcome speech by Victoria completed and well into &quot;why are you here?&quot; goal setting session  with Houston Spencer
is up at 5 am for the swim meet. Everyone send good weather juju, please! Tx! 
going to TX ... spinning at Wish Ultra Lounge, Dallas tonight and at Mantus Ultra Lounge, Dallas tomorrow 
@clinton_kelly you wouldn't happen to be coming to Dallas any time soon... Would you...? 
Getting the big body Lincoln ready to roll  I'm so Texas  http://twitpic.com/4es77
@_MoisesArias you should come over to my house in Texas and than we could all become hangout buddies 
@chamillionaire lol...*rubs it in* its hot in Houston 
@shonuuff in Texas where we're gonna moving to, then he's comin home!!  and no you're not bein nosey
last min trip to Austin. woot!  
@clever_URL besides the beach, what is there that is worthwhile re Galveston (please...do tell 
In honor of the DMB Texas shows!  &quot;Too Much&quot;? http://twt.fm/89127
going to Texas 
Its raining here in Texas - more rain than I have seen in some time - everything is green!! 
@hinstance Sounds like a good movie, can I get torrents with sub titles Tx for the share 
hells ya!  I'm coming home to Austin, Texas on the 11th!    Critters here I come!  *not like they read twitter but ya -.-*
@bartmillard you are from Texas as we must do what we must do 
Houston 
@rthom21  I can not wait to be in Dallas with you!
@vixtoria_lee @Sizzles07 I'm gonna have the whole summer off I'll be down there allot  back and forth from Houston to Donna tx
@guyinthehall8 probably not the same thing that Austin and I were doing in the car in the rain all alone last night. 
@SilverSurfer_TX 
Is on my way back to Big D! Rangers game tonight!  in Irving, TX http://loopt.us/moPtMQ.t
Heading to Anderson Mill Tavern (Austin TX) in an hour or so. Time for an adult beverage! 
Seven miles to Texas! 
@drjtedwards Maurices in Stephenville has really cute summer tops! they have lots of flowy and cotton stuff 
I'm back in Abilene... only for one more week!!  6 days to graduation!
@DreamWorthy Ah! I LOVE Texas. Wyoming was horribly cold, UT was dry and jobless. CO is beautiful, but expensive. Texas feels like home. 
@creaves Austin has several 24 hour pharmacies  Dallas is just not cool like dat I guess ;P
is back in Austin and celebrating her anniversary with the person who makes her happiest of all 
Anime Convention this weekend in Dallas anyone? Awwwwe 
Dear BDR in Houston - its okay baby. I still think you're cute and I'll give you a second chance 
Going to bed after beating the snot out of hubby w/ Texas hold em 
is going to be in Texas in 15 days!!! eeekkkk!!! 
Going to Houston and Nola this weekend with @jill5455. Who wants to join us? 
10pm tonight, International Space Station will by over head, through most of Texas at least 
@JorinCowley I see. I guess there must be lots of Hawks fans in Texas on twitter. 
Just Returned from Huntsville. Saw Sam Houston's grave, went to a prison museum and ate chocolate dipped strawberries 
@TBHA aww , its ok,we ended up getting in later than expected and didnt go...I would of called you if we were able to, ...C U N Austin, 
@jameswhitaker Umm most def  We should have a fun Houston day together and then hopefully it'll turn into a Houston night... hehe
@djwhiteboyyy what's up? Not much, just listening to music  I'm in TX
@Orli @Snapily you are now famous in Houston, take a look  http://is.gd/ysAh
@Austin_Irl yeah it's fantastic, would reccomend to anyone 
Still pretty sleep, needs to make mom a card. Breakfast with the family then work then back to Dallas 
If you see my mom in Dallas, wish her a happy moms day! 
@emilyoftexas Oooh, Emily of Texas! One of my faves 
@Grita01 Welcome to Texas! Once you get settled, visit my Texas parks, recreation &amp; travel guide to the state at http://www.wildtexas.com 
just got done sending a thank you email to Austin Kincaid! I will miss her since shes retired! Ahhh I still have my all time favorite jd 
sad that the Dallas Mavericks season is over...now time to focus on the 1ST PLACE Texas Rangers  and the PGA Tour coming to DFW next week!
@MirandaBuzz  well in Texas you're already 16 due to the time zones 
is leaving for Texas. 
@SirEdwardCullen I love you. Yay for Houston tomorrow!! 
@ninjen I was going to ask how Texas is tonight, but it's obviously fabulous since you are there! 
@nbryan LOL. Though neither of us are from TX &amp; they said Libertarians which you are... 
@JazzyUnknown Houston bby. 
@dwightcook hey dwight thanks for following. Bet the weather is *slightly* better in Texas today than the greyness here in Dublin 
@Austin_Butler hi Austin  thanks for the being my friend on myspace!! I'm Yuki from Japan. nice to meet yaaa! haha
I made it to school. Traffic was pretty good today. Beautiful storm this morning! Texas-gotta love us 
@DammannTwins Storm Chasing is very exciting, I actually got my card in W. Texas 
And haha no, Pearland and Sugarland probably don't have a relationship. Sugarland is a pretty sweet town, though.  I like it.
George Strait &amp; Sugarland are coming to Houston!! EEE!! Sugarland!! I ? Sugarland!! I want to go see them!! (any reason to use the ???) 
@Rob_Hoffman ME, in Dallas (technically Arlington). Hollaaaaa! 
Headed back to Dallas! 5 days home until Europe!  great... I have to start packing for that when I get home!
@eaglading Ha, I'm afraid not. Houston's Harrisburg Country Club is a very different place. 
@mqwest272 well you don't expect Texas hair on a Dane.  hoping to make you LMAO next.
Enjoying being back in Houston 
Leaving Louisiana and heading to TEXAS... Ill be sure to kick George Bush in the balls if I see him! 
@WayneCheng I'm looking mostly for aesthetic purposes.. I live in Texas and don't need a fireplace too often 
About to head back to Austin.  
Cmon Houston!! watching a good beat down goes well with HATORADE 
@BlackoutsBox Aw, gotcha... I'll do it! TX! 
@GonzoGuy_Austin p.s. plz can you delete the BEWARE post as it's a bit misleading!  thank! 
@OutCaching Ahhh. I was hoping you'd make it this far, but you're only going to Texas. Far enough, especially when you have a wee one.  
In Houston enjoying my parent's house 
is getting ready...iTunes on shuffle...currently listening to Dallas Green 
@thefavorites same here. When I make the trek out to Tomball to see my parents, I always make an excuse to stop. 
@illastrate @WinInTheEnd hahahah hell yea, it's gonna be an awesome Houston Rockets win 
@KrisWilliams81 Come to Texas 
@beabailey I can think of ZERO good reasons for you to go to Dallas this week! Just sayin. 
And yes I think you are right!! Austin did set a record for the most foulballs in one game  WTG son, I am so happy he went with us 
@Brian_Austin ahh, thats just a *welcome to the posse* message from @shandrab 
I'm chilling with my brother and sisters from Texas that i've haven't seen in over 4 years   
@RandomTatoo wow! had no idea TX had erthquks. I've never heard that. stay safe 
wow, 60 degrees in Houston n no humidity  i'm lovin' it!
Houston, Texas - On my way to a meeting...breakfast first 
@oddcupcake I took a bunch of photos and will upload them next weekend!  I'll be in Dallas all this week.
@markpeak then we'll rt until Houston get it 
@WildCuddler be happy if it lasts for 30 minutes  i remember Austin weather 
@BlueLove_1920 Props to Houston....BOOOOOO CELTICS!!!!!  
oh and Austin TX here I come! 
*stands up at my desk* my name is GOODY and I'm following u cuz, I decided I wanted more Dallas folks and me thunk u amusing. 
@jangreggo we had a little quake right here in North Texas over the weekend...who knew quakes in Texas?!?!?! 
Ahh!! It's official!! I'll be in Austin for the summer !!! 
@WayMoreHomemade try searching &quot;cake decorating supplies Dallas TX&quot; on google maps.  I found a bunch.  http://www.thesaleplace.com/ etc. 
@LynneKelly I'm at Panera too.  But prob in a way diff area of Houston.
Off to coffee/lunch with some Dallas Aussie expats...always fun! 
im thinkin this Houston trip is gettin more &amp; more difficult but imma make it work some how i've got too many &quot;big plans&quot; while im there 
Memorial weekend..... Fiesta Texas n sea world.....in san antonio  http://tinyurl.com/ptoyy8 http://tinyurl.co.. http://tinyurl.com/ogggqm
I follow @brian72975 ... cause us DFW Texans haf' to stick together!      #FollowFriday
@kikij104 You know this!!! We set the trend fof the DFW modeling game!!! 
@Austin_Irl thanks 
Home in bed.  in Dallas, TX http://loopt.us/-X9CYQ.t
Last nite Last nite soo much fun, Gracious K , young nate, Marques Houston &amp;&amp; Lloyd aaaah 
@TLM1984 Houston.  LCPS and their budget issues forced me to look elsewhere.
at the airport getting ready to board. off to Houston. then costa rica!! ahahaiiii!!!!   http://twitpic.com/5or00
wasting time on this friday morning...  Austin baby here i effin' come!!!
Full flight of course .. but at least I'm going home .. yay!! .. bye Austin .. see ya next time 
@Staugystyle I would tell you if I was in Texas, but I am not. I am Canadian.  The weather in my neck-of-the-woods is perfect.
@AslanWRP Not far from here then.  Believe it or not, I've been in TX 10 years and I've been to Dallas twice.  I'm not much for traffic. 
Memorial weekend..... Fiesta Texas n sea world.....in san antonio  http://tinyurl.com/ptoyy8 http://tinyurl.co.. http://tinyurl.com/pwgq9c
@ Mexicana lounge ... waiting for my plane to DFW 
flyong to Dallas and then Tulsa 
@wildorchidNH I'll be there in spirit, That's quite a drive from Texas! 
@ashemischief the Buttons are down here...in Texas 
enjoying Austin my best friend graduates from UT today 
@Hux I have a feeling I'll end up in Austin, TX. Lots of furs there that I know. But yeah, it is cold there. I do like cold. ^^ WA = 
is going to be in Austin for a week 
$HEB sold at 1.23 was down 200 bucks not  up 400  nice  lol  i never lose 
@Naughtycowgir1 I love TX too..Born and reared here.  You cannot beat the folks..friendliest around. 
at AGR getting things ready for Texas- Milwaukee is this weekend 
Pkr.com is like The Sims meets Texas Hold'em Poker. Looks cool 
Didn't have Jennifer Love Hewitt aboard the flight back to Dallas, oh well.  Glad to be in Texas!
Only 28 hrs left in Texas... sad to leave... but excited to get back to work!  Some very exciting things on the calendar the next 2 weeks!
@chadkins I feel like Dallas would just hump him into submission LOL but yeah I hope it never comes to that! 
Is in Houston for the weekend   And still doesn't know how to use twitter.
@robhitt no problem. I saw you guys like 7 times in and around Austin 
@anninaustin We'll definitely take care of our Austin followers  #extract
@Austin_Irl thank ya  getting it done in  White dragon in botanic by chris, he's extremely good!
@tejano76 Hola! I've been ok  I love Ugly Betty.. such a good show  .. how have u been? Is it really humid in Texas already?
Hottop is online in Austin, Texas and Looking for Friends, Fun &amp; Maybe more.  - http://bit.ly/JTg7D
studying for my final and so excited for a weekend full of baseball in Austin! 
