Most common words for this cluster:
[('then', 211), ('home', 16), ('i', 13), ('time', 12), ('today', 11), ('day', 11), ('work', 8), ('tomorrow', 8), ('na', 7), ('nap', 7), ('house', 6), ('shower', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Then', 0.9998199343681335), (u'When', 0.8133743405342102), (u'Finally', 0.7552542090415955), (u'And', 0.7093732357025146), (u'Eventually', 0.7049433588981628), (u'Once', 0.7036448121070862), (u'So', 0.7029823064804077), (u'Suddenly', 0.6758855581283569), (u'But', 0.6750574707984924), (u'If', 0.6693131923675537)]





Hhh~ It's times like THAT when you want things to stay right  Then someone comes and wrecks it.
Checking out at 10pm gotta be at the airport by 11pm, Then sit at the airport for 3hours yeeiii ...not really happy bout that 
Having sunday dinner...yummy to the max! Then time to study some history 
On my way home from swan's. Then another sad goodbye when i get home, to family and to spring break 
@tracy_sparkles thanks, not me today but going in to support my team. Then my fate confirmed tomorrow x 
Off to accompany the bf for a short lunch before he heads to work. Then, it's housekeeping sesh for me 
The soup, top 20. Then food. Then free radio. Then shower. Then ready. Then funeral 
@pamsprayng you'd probably criticize the masseuse!! Then she'd purposefully make mine painful 
We went to the park! I had fun running around but I'm still not sure I really like other dogs, they make me nervous. Then I had a bath. 
At work today  wish i had a job with weekends off. Then agian i suppose i should be greatfull i have a job as allot of people haven't.
Going to the Dr.  Then shopping.  Then cleaning 
studying my life away till the lil one wakes up. Then we're off to register him in daycare 
Cos i do actually have quite a large head ... I want my dreads back ... oh ...  Then my head is even bigger!
Washed my usb stick by accident. Then broke the casing trying to open it to dry it out. Turns out it was watertight, until i opened it 
Just geting ready.                          Then maths studying what a pain 
Just went 2c star trek, was really good. Then sum jerk nrly wiped me out driving home 
Almost finished! With the draft that this. Then clean up starts 
Just got to level 10 on bookworm. Then my library burned down 
chills out for a second. Then I gotta clean my house, while the sun is shining outside... 
sad to see my mom go this morning.  Then, KidStuf auditions!
Off to another soccer game - sun is out so that's a +. Then haircuts for all 4 and a trip to the library. Then Sunday will be all gone 
Twitterspam:someone becomes your follower and you return it as a courtesy. Then you get removed and spammed 10 times a day with plain ads 
@brianjshoopman Maybe golf balls poke holes in clouds and make rain fall down.  Then I get too wet, because my umbrella inside out. 
Working out at 2!! Then working at 5 
up early for doctors  then school abit later. Then a week off. yay.
Ugh so sad, just got my left eye healed. Then now, my right eye hurts  want to see the doctor like now! http://myloc.me/1ngF
I was sleeping good. Then I had a bad dream and now I'm awake. 
working  then going to the rock crawling thing tonight on the rez. Then back at it for a half day tomorrow then off for 2 days!!! wahoooo!
watching Southland. Then having a nap.Then back to revision 
I dreamt of eating really good food. I even tasted it in my sleep. Then i woke up starving 
@faultlines I took it down because it got hacked  Then, I changed my mind about what I wanted to do with it. lol
time for tv in bed.Then spending all day catching up on studying  i hate online summer classes
because my dad has the tv to loud. Then i get creeped out cuz im from a dodgy neighbourhood and there was someone in my bush. 
Taking my brother to the airport  Then gym.
Getting a cleaning on tues then getting a tooth pulled on thurs. Then gotta schedule a bridge that might need a root canal--ugh. 
@kennyblak We wasnt invited to yall get togethers either! Then @tnlos and @josmoke was playin security and told us to be quiet!! 
@McFreak_ I have a feeling you will come in a very funny disguise and I will die of lol'ter. Then you will get them. 
yes, good old pink floyd, tnx!no more props for today  @JeanValjean: &quot;Then try this one, better song  @majd... ? http://blip.fm/~7becl
Today's the kid's last soccer game of the season. Then, lunch with family. Oh, but I want to be sleeping instead  .
@wltyboy I have to meet with a client at 11:30.  Then I have some errands to run.  we'll try another time.
@MsJuicy313  She got me spiraling... Lol... Sometime this afternoon. I have to get finished @ the salon... Then take midnight to dealer..
@JuiCybella nothing really bout to go to the barber shop in like a hr.. Then prolly get another tatt i got one lastnight too  im addicted
Offff to work. Then no idea! Not trying to stay home alone, that's for sure. I miss my mommy. 
Waiting for lisa to get off... Then to work I go 
Aww weekend soon to be over  Then back to work D:
@masqueradelife Haha xD Then yo will never get to read a good version of a good idea 
My cousin is leavin today   I got my pics from my recital.... I look fantabulous! Then again when do I not look good.
@telegantmess Sometimes I think we need to be proactive &amp; ship them to some remote atoll &amp; detonate an H-bomb. Then my ethics kick in. 
Getting ready to go to church. Then after going to my friends funeral. 
Laying out! Then a five hour drive home  I'm ready for nice weather though.
Going to the lake!!!! Then home 
Trying to finish an essay! Then has to go to work! fml 
@Jarrettbraun Aw... I wanna see that... Later... -sigh-  :'-( Then again, I'm the one that'd be okay with a dl...
@Valholla #I could never be with a 'person who thinks small.' Then they make me look like the bad guy b/c I have extreme goals. 
@PhillySaxon I saw this on the news. It made me sad  Then again, I get sad with any news about anyone dying so that's no surprise.
http://twitpic.com/6dcrs - I once had this view from my window. Then I moved. I miss it 
I bloody hate it when u get up 4 an early train and you find out it's cancelled... Then to make matters worst the next train is packed! 
I hate revising, only one more exam left! Then yet more highers to do in 6th year... 
I am not feeling good this morning.  The cat is meowing in my face...better feed it an put the dogs out. Then shower and leave.
I died in my dream, I thought that wasn't supposed to happen. Then, I was a ghost and only a few people could see me.. it was so scary 
@drunkenbones I do too! I bought all the cds for my sis but not for myself like an idiot. Then her cds got ripped off 
@RicochetRed Your breakfast sounds better than mine  Another nutrigrain bar. Eggs sound good. Then I have to work. 
Cutting grass  its hott!! Then getting the stuff for the pool up here. Long day.
is cutting some checks at the office. Then I'm off to the house to work my inbox until I drop. I really hate email sometimes. 
@ceetee oh. I knw what u r saying. LOL. Then the fellow just forwarded a mail which had no previously set subject. That's lame 
4 days 'till the weekend. Then the cycle begins again. 
sat waiting to go into my english exam. Then geography this afternoon. 4 hours of solid writing 
@vintageortacky I only ever cooked a lobster ONCE because of that.  Then again, lobsters make strange noises which made it worse. I cried 
off for a shower to wake up, after sleeping around the clock and moner  12-1  The best. Then i will be ironing 
Getting out of the pool and laying by it with the sun shining is the best feeling in the world. Then came the rain 
@StormClaudi Then he took me out to dinner....it was nice!  BUT he's living with a girl now  We see each other every 3 months or so
@lindork I was all set to go tonight...had my gear on...was all warmed up.  Then my workout partner bailed...and so did I 
Aaaaaa bed.  Finally.  Then another hellish long day.  
Second BBQ of the year this evening. Then Apprentice. Then grinding my teeth again 
@scarybearhair  No, too young. Then he got weird   But you mentioned screaming, and I remembered, LOL
@robhuebel I was flipped the bird 2 hrs ago by an old geezer In a pt cruiser. I felt cool. Then cried 
@steph_davies I'm going with you. ) Yes, and snow! I love snow.  Then italy.. pastas and pizzas. I wanna live thereee.
Going to my grandmothers viewings today 3-5 and 7-9. Then have her funeral tomorrow. At least it's not raining, oh wait. 
@Jodowa I wish I could be there tonight, I was so psyched to drive up there. Then I woke up w/ a toothache from hell. 
Going to pickup my suits! Then shopping for food/apartment essentials. I wish I could go to the peak but it's too cloudy. 
only 4 hours of sleep...arrrggghhh cant go back to sleep!  Then work!
@theonenos @parkinsonliam He didn't flinch.  Then when I turn it off he got up. (^^) He so knew I was gonna put worse on. :p
off to town to get boxes, it makes moving seem more real. Then revision and keeping an eye on the bloods. I hate being diabetic 
hanging out until 2ish. Then, working from 3-close 
I had a dream that matt came home early and i woke up superrrr excited. Then i realized it wasnt real 
@ExodusFX hahaha me too  I only ate half of my burger cuz I thought I was full and the bf ate the other half... Then I burped 
super sad day. going to church then out to eat. Then, @maggiefortson and @jackpooter are leaving  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@Axelsrose (Ah. I have the feeling I'm gonna hate Y10.  Then again, I thought I'd hate Y9 and I didn't. Totally...)
@M_Txbliss yup fo sho. Going into work at 12:30  Then laker game!
got so excited that he had 6 followers on twitter. Then, that excitement faded since 5 of them were bots! Ouch. 
Sheesh. Time to head home from the office. Then do it again tomorrow 
@Meech_74 sad, but true! Then they sometimes fight themselves.  #GOMAGIC
@combustiblesong Then it's not as funny cause other people can't see it 
@HotTamata Then you could listen to my blips! But alas, no sound for you 
I wish my creativity was good enough to sell. Then sewing/ crafting/ drawing wouldn't seem like a waste of time and I could make monies 
Dropping @bethlattin off at the airport  Then back to work tomorrow..
@StimulatedMoan Then that just leaves me on my own  haha
ANNND, how come when I'm on here...nobody is! Then ONCE i get off, everybody on here chattin'...not cool! 
@brittany_paige7 yes. All of them but one. Then i dropped that one all over the ground 
took a nap and @blindrandy sat on my head. Then i found i flea in my ear a few hours later 
#haveyouever Looked at someones icon thought they looked good. Then click the large pic just to realize you were wrong? 
And so I arrived to late to do the exam and I needed to do it. I was swearing to kill her and get my revenge... Then I woke up 
I actually had a dream that I found a dishwasher in the kitchen, and was soo happy. Then I woke up.  -no dishwasher for you! 
This morning I awoke twice - the first time my mum came in at 7:50! Wtf? Then at 8:10 there was the sound of builders  No sleep for me.
@BryanGwin do you really? Haha children are so annoying. Then I'd hate you and we couldn't be friends 
Ughhhhh schoooool. Then work 
Finishing up drivers ed. Then us history regents 
@chipg I have about 4 teeth in desperate need of attention but I wait until I can't anymore. Then rely on nitrous 
Just made a cake. Then my dog eat half of it  well, my brotwr is going to teach me how to put up his tent for the relay. Woooh.
@SuzeOrmanShow I think there will be another drop when more ARMs reset.  Then there will be a commercial real estate meltdown I think.  
@UpInTheHills Aw man! Then no stimulating conversation tonight? 
@LisGarrett Then she would be needing a snack. 
Missing m.. .  gonna have a nap now, uber tired! Then i get to speak to m again whoop whoop  love you lots xX
She replaced her heart that was with me with a fake one. Then gave the original to him.  http://tumblr.com/xv822ivaw
I was SO excited when the phone finally rang!! . . Then I was caller 2 instead of 7. 
Taking a break from cleaning.  Really don't want to clean the kids room.  They look like a tornado passed through.  Then back to painting 
I caught myself getting too excited about push apps on 3.0.  Then I looked at the gadgets at home.  I've become an apple fanboy 
@Eldanildiel Oh, him.  I used to be all about Marsters.  Then he came to D*C for the first time.  Now I'm over that.  That makes me sad. 
Feeling no confidence abt getting this router to work  Then I won't have internet on laptop, whats the point of it all then? Wasted $$ 
No pwnage today  what's up dev team?? Hopefully when I wake up. Then ultrasn0w so I can sell my 3G on ebay &amp; upgrade to 3G S fri ;)
*sigh*  I am currently working from 1pm to 7am.  Then I get to work at 1pm again to 9:30pm!  YAY!  
@theteganandsara i had an awesome dream about you two last night,involving shoes and travelling the us. Then i woke up so disappointed 
To work!  Then interview then more work tonight 
I am going to have a nap. Then I need to move furniture &amp; sweep/mop 
there is nothing worse than being outside and sweat dripping down your back! Then you go into a cold ass store, damn near fall out 
@vincenzarusso I've decided I'm to skinny and need to gain musle... Then I'll look good 8-).. P.s. I think I spelled musle wrong 
Relaxing with sister. Then work at 6. I've got a huge headache 
@MsClovisEskimo we tried to get up beside her, but she kept speeding up, that's when she gut the lady off. Then she turned at a light...  
Then each time i reserected with half health he beat me twice more. Then he logged off!! What a fail to go to be on  no word from r
@Abbsies I hate eating fish but they are fun to hold. Then they die 
I was 1 follower away from 100. Then I decided to delete all the spam followers, a lot of them  had already been deleted. now im at 77 
Gets to fly on a A330   Then no 380, gotta go on the 747.
I had a nightmare  but it was so good i can probably turn it into a book... Then again, i dont wanna cause im all freaked out
I hate my hp keyboard. So hard to type. Then all my sms got typos 
Flying to cali for the night. Then off to colorado tomorrow morning. I miss everyone 
@NanoBlack: that would be just fabulous. Then i definately wouldn't be able to hear anything going on with you.  b(0.o)d
I'm home. Putting my feet up and chilling. Then it's bed, and back to work tomorrow 
Watching why did I get married! Then going to bed got to get up early 2 study. 
At church (that has no a/c just electric fans :S) .. Then off to buffet square and then work til 9 
Beach. Then home. 
Getting ready at @doodles6271 's house, without her  Then @epicsarah 's grad partayyy!
@LyricUHear_it I'll admit a smirk came to my face.... but then sadness soon followed  Then I cried for you  ......lol.
Biggest headache after my nap  but I better wake up, it's time to gamble! Then hopefully hanging with da homez later tonight.
@jodie_mateyy - 4 a start, i cud tell you wernt lstnin. Then i pressed a wrong buton n sounded silly! then auto pilot kept cuming on!!  xx
@sDeese123 i was about to text you earlier and say way to be a bitch and not call when you got off.. Then i realized your job sucks 
So somehow I've been drinking since 2pm and I'm not drunk.  good time with singing and playing. Then hanging with my temp bachelor friend.
@Jimtac lol not AS I did before I had to haul him out of my car. Then after when I finally got him inside. Now.. It's clean up time 
Haha my sister talks in her sleep. She is so cute. Last night to share rooms with her. Then she is off to the big world  imma miss her&lt;3
I just made the coolest paper plane 4 my son. Then I threw it and it hit him in the face. Now the plane is in the trash  - sorry buddy
Cleaning my room and taking a shower! Then jon and kate even though i heard all about it 
 tutoring at 4:30. Then dinner, and watching UP with mom and bro
So shooting was fun! But of course my new high score, of 20, was just a practice! Then I had to go and shoot a 15 for league!  g'night
@REWBOB I went to your house yesterday before my flute lesson, but no one answered the door! Then I couldn't get the letter box open 
@thizgurl yes I'm on all together dead now then it's dead N gone. Then we wait til oct 
Heading to the gym!  Then to work  #fb
is getting ready to take Munchlet to the vet. Then doing absolutely nothing but relaxing!  Next two days off.
It's gorgeous outside. Going running. Then seeing Nathalie. Then dancing the night away 
is going shopping with daddy!  Then grandma's house after...mhmm.
@panda951 IT does a nice job on photographs and such.  Then I will go have it spiral bound.
@KeikoTakamura Then you haven't seen my last.fm because she is one of my most played artists, along with the punk/ska bands. 
Going shopping today with my mom and aunt for moms birthday!   then homework.  Then my weekends over. :/
Coming back from brunch and sleeping. Then preparing for tomorrow 
@DianaRusso   I would only get relaxed and fall asleep.Then your group would not like my snoring lol 
@BrianWilson38 hi there!  You just hover to the right of a person's tweet. Then you click on the arrow below the star. 
Off to the gyyyymmmmnasee! Then getting ready to go to covent garden with my girls  x
Pancakes, bacon and eggs for breakfast! Then back to bed 
Watching a few of my favorite Pastors on TV. Then listen to sermons on my iPod. Then an intense Bible study session 
@ekabanov Don't hang your nose down  Then the next week will be better and you will have a great story to tell @ the next party.
Running around. Then home to sit on the porch!  So nice out! 
I'm going to start cleaning some dishes and parts of my apartment. Then perhaps take a shower and play some video games. Ah Sundays. 
@monarchlibrary well, I tend to agree, but maybe the costume wearing would help!!  Then again, maybe not!!     ha, ha
@MisterRo Then I hope you can squeeze a nap in at some point. Thanks! 
@ArfanChaudhry Then go to bed ... sleep tight 
Going to do my streches!! Then off I go! 
About to take a shower. Then see how annas doing 
@AreonLee Then you should check out http://twittersucks.com and connect with other tweeple who hate twitter 
I think its time for a snack  Then to get day 7 sent out... oh the procrastination
@DutchReaganite Then I'll need plenty of quizzes to get through the work day. 
@MissDeeeee Then you might enjoy this one too  http://tinyurl.com/ygcp3f
@johnataylor She should keep her crown and shut her mouth!   Then she'll know what non-judgmental means!
@ConformityIssue Haha I should. But I won't. lol Then I might miss something. 
Home. Fed. Now coffee. Then, inexplicably, a nap. 
@LexiePixie LOL!! Then we shall tweet to our heart's content today, sweetie...    xx
@Flusky A magic lazer beam emerges from the pitch and stops the delivery!! Then, he gets sent off. 
Today is the day. Just gotta get through 3 hours of texting. Then 3 weeks of movies 
@EmandSamMac he was sitting on a chair. And i started biting him just as a joke. Then he got all sexy.  oh. if only dreams came true 
On lunch. I'm gonna eat like I've never eaten before. Then feel bad about it!  yay!
work from 10-5. Then not existing. 
Finishing the book today, starting on the next. Then I finally get to see both movies! 
@PembsDave Yeeep! Then search #Entertweetment to see what other are finding entertaining atm!  x
@SirMikeyB  Then sleep is next on your list 
On my way to drop @justincavazos off. Then school. Ewh @mondays -_-. Have a good day at rac @priscillaax3 I miss you! 
And... back to work. Then to rehearsal, then home to do homework.  Some things never change.
@bloodlustsprite it took me a minute.  Then I thought it was damned clever for a 13 year old   Even if he heard it somewhere.
is home working on homework. Then he is going to bed. He is tired out from school and work. He hopes everyone is having a good life. 
Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. Then after that it doesn't matter, you're a mile away and you've got his shoes 
bought a super wide brimmed hat specifically for this occasion.  Then I left it at home...stupid!  I'll be baked under the sun. 
@rachmckenzie slept in! Then came to pick me up! Cheers for getting books for me! 
@Essyxx Then why arnt you laughinggg 
@thehypercube Friend emailed me &amp; said she thought of me the moment she saw the cube. Then I found the contest on the home page  destiny!
Off to escuela. Then home, chillin, then NALLY'S! 
@chrasie eat the grass on my lawn. Then leave it as a prank in someone's house 
Getting in the shower. Then I need to catch up on to kill a mockingbird. Which will be nice way to end the day 
@atL3x Then the story fits and I get it now!  Yay!
Working 5:15a till 11... Then wedding later tonight 
