Most common words for this cluster:
[('then', 179), ('when', 159), ('i', 79), ('once', 68), ('soon', 59), ('everytime', 56), ('time', 43), ('day', 40), ('quot', 39), ('finally', 38), ('work', 34), ('home', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Then', 0.9329419732093811), (u'When', 0.8982377052307129), (u'Finally', 0.8076432943344116), (u'Once', 0.7978264689445496), (u'Eventually', 0.7471625804901123), (u'Whenever', 0.7336794137954712), (u'If', 0.7281180024147034), (u'So', 0.7166554927825928), (u'Suddenly', 0.7141644358634949), (u'And', 0.7101339101791382)]





ok... maybe i'll sleep for an hour or two. Then I MUST rise to work on my thesis 
@MechaMorgan I have to save my shekels for the weekend, plus I have a tonne of work to do. Once again, responsibilities ruin everything. 
@makethingstalk I used to love league, back when I was a lad in Wigan it was pretty much compulsory. Then was forced to play Union 
Suppose i better do another post, i been slack latley 
@Crimsondreamer Ahh I miss you!  Once these essays are done I'll be back to being around.  Just stressing over these till the 20th 
@Sheamus Suddenly our workplace web-nanny is blocking bit.ly so I can't get to any of the sites you're tweeting about. 
At the shop til 6ish then home to an oh-so empty house  Soon to be refurnished tho...patience, patience.
@Denpasar well that was the general idea! Then found out could only watch football in bar later. Then got call at lunch to meet someone 
I hate hitting the &quot;funny bone'' Pain squared... Then right after that I hit the BBB 
Everytime I put my hand into my box of roses I get a strawberry dream 
has just got up and realised its braces Later at 2pm  
Everytime my busdriver stops or slows down water comes through the window and is soaking me 
Just lande back in the A. Finally home..... for a day and a half @ least 
@pet2107 Everytime u say u love me, it sounds more like white noise, feels like a sick mockery  Why do you persist?
Getting children off to school before I go to the gym. Later I've got some crap housework jobs to do 
laughed at passing car loudly (&amp; proudly) playing Bomfunk MC's &quot;Freestyler&quot;. Then the car pulled into my carport. It was my roommate 
Suppose going to bed would be a good idea....work early tomorrow yippie 
SO you know what's bad? When you KNOW you have to be up at 8 so you go to bed at 1. Then you wake up at 2:30 wide awake thinking its 7. 
Eating pizza with @24lbsofBoost. Finally sober    lol.
Off to Doncaster for a few hours. Granddad's birthday! Then work 
Oh forget about feminist saga. Pigeons are dropping dead from return of bird flu on top of pig flu!    Soon madcowdisease will return
Oh god! Once again...waaayy too much soda 
Laser tag in a bit. Then snug harbor prom tonight. Last snug harbor party for the class of 09 
Chillin @ mom's house for a minute... Then chores.    
At work  then off to my lil's graduation! Then party until..... When? Its miami bia till the sun comes up Billy happy birthday babe!!!!
I'm still in the hotel... But i have to go in a few hours  Everytime it hurts to leave berlin... But this time is so much harder
Sometime during the 4 1/2 hours I was gone my balloon popped 
The GPSed.com software really sucks  Once again my ride was not recorded.
@allypaul Ditto. When I worked at grilld, I had to cut about 20 every day and each week it just got worse 
@echoshack could be-Suppose it will be in news-there's not much left on side that of mountain 2 burn  - I hope all is well - it's not fair
I miss aubrey. Slowly i'm drifting from my best friends. I haven't even talked to noemi in like a month.. 
Brunch time in Newport! Then time to get back to reality 
@aimeenew OOoo, score!  I wish I could get on   Soon though.
Ugh! Once again... another night I want to so some writing and I am ready to go to sleep. 
Last day in Alkmaar  Soon going back to the 'real life' Blargh.
Thinking of going to the gym with my Boy to make him run harder. Then we're off out tonight for a fun night. Other than that homework 
Just flew my first 2.4 hours of B-747 time from the right seat (actual, non-sim) between ORD-HNL.     Then woke up 
Gettin ready.... Then school 
@GreyAreaUK When I checked using Tweetie nothing new from him, but using a web browser I see what you mean 
InshaAllah gotto return at 6.30 in the evening. . . Class from 7.30. . . Then . . . The work 
bonefire tonight at Anna's house and I'm excited! I miss my anner! Then mothers day tomorrow  rip mom
@sushikat99 I'm afraid my big trip plans this summer is my bro's wedding in WI and 2 weeks in TX. Then back to UAH for summer classes. 
@mahogany20 shoot just school work and basketball. Hoops is finally done tho, finals this week. Then home for memorial day b4 I go back 
@FromMidnightOn Once-very, very beautiful music and a cute tale. Coronas-always a good choice. Milano's-I miss it 
@Bethlowe123 yep, year 9. We rock, haha. So gad this is the last year for NAPLAN tests!! Then I have exams in three weeks 
Studying AGAIN !! When will this end  ?
teaching myself how to use After Effects! (super stressed already!) this two weeks and a half is going to be hell for me 
I keep putting things out of the way, thinking &quot;Onyx will eat this&quot; or &quot;Java will sit on this.&quot; Then I remember they are 1300 miles away. 
has to work at 12    Woke up Bright and Early at 6.  Once I have my 7 hours, I can't sleep anymore.
@Nenapr147 deng! When does it start? Imma pray for you! Norcos make my nose and arms itch i feel like a crack head when im on those 
Grossed out. My friend lets her cat in the kitchen. Cat hair on my cup. Then in my drink. Almost in my mouth n on my lips. . .GUHROSSSSS 
Grossed out! My friend lets her cat in the kitchen. Cat hair on my cup. Then in my drink. Almost in my mouth but on my lips. . .GUHROSSSS 
@Dormousezzzz When did you put that as your avatar? I know I can't use gifs anymore  
Aww!  When I say my boyfriend's name, my puppy looks up excited.  SHe misses him, too 
Phew! After all the tension. I reach the bus stand. And guess wat? The 330 bus has not yet come.  arrrgghh
Suppose I'd better start getting ready for work 
@NKOTB When will you guys be back in Calgary, again?  Bon voyage!
@vahishta no dude. Wherever I go, it's loadshedding time. It's like I'm chasing electricity 
@CalendarGirl09 yes...  Once I saw dead relative - http://tinyurl.com/oj8x3q
Tired *yawn* But! It's SPN Day!!! Then no more for months 
Why do I get allergies in the morning?   Everytime I take a breath it's like I'm playing a kazoo!
@megdia aww I wish I was there...  I was downstairs at starbucks working.. LOL  When's the next time your coming back to Sacramento?
Everytime i close my eyes, my nightmare from last comes back to haunt me 
mmmm.....spicy chicken pizza  Suppose i really get on with some uni work 
@VANESSABUDDAY  333! When I grow up, Jarryd &amp; I are going to look for a house numbered 333.  :$
Nearly finished packing. Soon we'll leave for the airport ... 
@johnreese Everytime I try to check it out the page never loads or takes too long and I surf away 
@purplefae WHAT?! Whenever I get chips they are always soggy  take note of the chef and I will keep an eye out!
I am so tired.  Then I start summer courses. Double 
Going out today! Just got to drag myself into a bath. Once I'm clean, I'll feel better. Know this... but am still tweeting not soaping 
Maths revision test Later Merrr So boredd, just wrote in Naomis leavers book made me a tad sad 
@DonnieWahlberg When's the next one????  I couldn't go on this one  
Sleeping FAIL. When you have to get up at 6 a.m. anyway, it is a bloody shame to sleep fitfully and wake up at 5:30. 
Tip: When you really miss somebody... dont watch all of the &quot;i miss you&quot; hallmark e-cards 
Suppose I could have gotten up an hour early to get in the workout I won't have time for today 
Hard to talk to clients that just don't understand any tech. To them there is no reason, just magic. Then I burst their bubble. 
Hard to talk to clients that just don't understand any tech. To them there is no reason, just magic. Then I burst their bubble. 
@error505 Asymmetric shocks do that. Once the foundations start to move its hard to find something to grab onto  Here for you!
@zoetunstall Everytime I think I've got it I do a practice paper and epically fail 
Suppose, I better get up now! 
at second @mtub! Once again nametagless though.  i gotta turn up earlier
I woke up to horrible news. KWOD is being reformatted. This is death to a station. So sad. Once an independent, now gone forever 
Btw, I survived the day with just a banana juice. Now, I feel bloated  ok. Later. Serious this time.
@pup218 But....it'd melt. Once I bonded with it I'd need years of therapy to get over the ordeal of finding my baby in a veg puddle 
@maddog2009 Hello. When is your trip? I shall miss ya 
Last day on the beach   I need to come back. Soon!
@brandonsavage I don't have any more XXL Agavi tshirts  @skoop is wearing the only one I brought :S When/where will I see you next? #tek09
Everytime I see happy couples in the hallway I think about how people used to envy &quot;us&quot; like I envy &quot;them&quot;... 
I kept fogetting things on route to the lake, so I went to the boathouse to use the erg. Upon arrival I realized I forgot my key -- 
@Dethroned Then don't call me that 
@NightmareChild the same damn mistakes that Cyan made!  Before it's too late for THIS community as well! :-\
@DiscoDreamdate I'm more of an autumn person - misty mornings, fog - that sort of thing. Or weak sunshine. Once the temperature rises ... 
I wish I was British. Then I'd know shit about Dr. Who and not be so oblivious. And I wish I could watch the shows. 
Laying in bed crying is not a fun way to spend your time... I'm never wearing mascara ever again. Everytime i do i cry non-stop. 
Everytime I have to study, I wish I wouldn't have to go to work. It's such a hassle 
@jaychuck Its so addicting, but its kind of a curse to do them at night time. Everytime i do one, i feel like making music afterwards 
Everytime I send an email to my coach, I feel a need to practice.   shitty balls.  Lol
@alisonmyra It's called a RipStick.  When I had a job I sold a lot of those... 
Flypside - When it was good..i must creat my presentation in english  by guys ?
@PirateEric When I read that, my first thought was using Cast&lt;T&gt;() as a status symbol 
spray tan = fail on legs and feet. I've been scrubbing them and feet look better, but they looked awful this morning  Everywhere else = ok
Shower. Then back to bed. So sick still. 
almost done with my first day at the spa...I missed this place! Then headed to Fort Collins to close down casa de kent 
Everytime i have a bruise, @marcuselzey can't stop hitting it on accident. 
Grabbing a snack and a drink at chili's, but the power just went out. Before I got my food! 
@Mollieandme When oh when are you coming back for a gig in Scotland? I had tickets to see u last year but was in hosp wit gallstones! 
@IainLiddle When balancing a chair on my chin in the sixth form common room got nothing but sneers, I hung those balls up for good 
Jus got done swimming! Soon ima need to stay outta the sun 
@ShaiAlston Aw take care babe. Dont have AIM.  When i get it i'll DM u by addy.
catching the last bit of Later with jools .. last in series .. sob, cry 
Everytime still holds horrible, horrible memories for me though. 
@Bensabeast Whaaaat?!?!?  When did that happen? 
i really feel like watching the movie Once. but i don't own it 
@irene_velasquez Whaat? Where? When? I have to go to a workshop tomorrow 'til 4 and might go to a baby shower. 
Everytime I come here I see somethin different... This time it's a 60 yo dude in a jean mini skirt... And it's not cute 
Checking up on my little sisters bunny. He didn't eat (by himself) for 2 days and is not very active. Later have to see a vet with him 
@pillan76 thx, the riot starts this afternoon. And i have 2 play nice girl when we go to our friends Later. Urk 
I can't stop cutting bits off my hair. Soon my fringe will be 1cm long 
Finished my canvas. Finally! I'm gonna be sad to see it go  oh well.
Leaving for Ottawa soon. Joy. When my best friends parents aren't home and she's having a party.  
@realprincessEli  When are you planning on doing a runner then?
Just woke up. I think me and Ash are about to go lay out. Then getting ready for work  PEACE.
@TheGrundle When I went skydiving the freefalling 10,000ft was the best part. How high was your jump? Sorry to hear it didn't go well 
I jus received 21 calls! Within minutes lol giving away free stuff on craigslist is so much fun yet disappointing to others 
it's the last afternoon/night on Once Upon a Mattress 
Everytime I glance at my bewski's pic I want to cry. I want her to be 4 and need me forever  Is that selfish?
I hate house work, especially giving up time  on the weekend.   Then to make matters worse, the loo breaks; emerg. trip to Wal Mart grr
What a whirlwind! T&amp;T was glutinous, but GREAT! Then it was a quick tour of the market and no crepes  Then an afternoon biking with TARGO!
@millsks why are we not already hanging out...oh right...b/c of me...   Soon enough the sleepovers and pool parties will be endless!
Aww Schwepps. When was Scream on?! It's probably the bestest horror ever!!! 
@Mimibun I want to come and visit you guys  Once I get my new tires I will. Then, there will be no fear of a blowout and car flips hehe.
Headed to church in Beijing. :-] Then l o n g flight 
Sometime my twitter friends make me wish I was with someone who loved me 
@evaangelinaxxx apparently B.O.'s r goin up   Everytime I try to vote i can't! They should tell u 24 hrs from the last time u voted so  kn
In the 413 loungin. Soon my new home again! 
@laerwen Fail.  Then again, the first season is short and the second it's worth the d/l...
whatta day!!! 1:40 palang! bought a mango worth 7K and watched Once and cried 
@DecadentMahogan miss you  You should come on more often..Whenever you feel better.
@MariahCarey When u comin 2 Australia girl?? Its been 12 years &amp; we miss u! 
@MissGoogle When sis gave dad a blender for gift he instantly destroyed it. &quot;What's this button?&quot; Blender started, all tools still inside 
Soaking up the sun in the garden.. Before cleaning out GPs (also out in garden) the beautiful sound of summer pervaded by hubby on mower! 
Overslept, but made a mad dash to get to church on time. Then realized i forgot my Bible &amp; the check i wrote to tithe. #churchfail 
@NYCityMama Once a month!! How do you manage to make it last a whole month? No matter how much I buy, I still need to refurnish weekly 
@wahistorian yeah, I know the feeling.  Soon, hopefully!
Almost to my parents house in Tn. When i get there i have to do school work! 
Nutella?: Suddenly had a realization that there's a jar downstairs, and now I want to grab a spoon and splurge.   Edit:  http://is.gd/KMyU
@1045CHUMFM  Soon as in 20 mins or less!!!..Cuz' i gottta go to work!! 
@stopandstarexx Awe no  When are we getting together again for dinner?!
Deeedee When you gonna send letter to me?  I miss you, you know 
@pencilbeast Deeedee When you gonna send letter to me?  I miss you, you know 
Everytime I'm home I deal with little sisters. I just pulled a suitcase worthy amount of clothes out their room..can we say annoying? 
Maths GCSE Tommorow  &amp; Then hell Begins for the week. :|
@sadi_thomas It's hardly a nap XD When I wake up I have school, I'm dreading it. 
I'm not frantically getting ready to go to award shows  Soon.
@Vonnieee ... Penny gets alot of abuse here  its way beyond unintended though. Once she got locked outside in the rain for like 30 mins 
Everytime i eat i feel sick. 
Cell phone lot listening to radio disney waiting for my parents. Soon the questions and ridicule will begin. 
Reading CVs  When people will learn that CV can have only 2 pages, not 5?
Ain`t No Sunshine When She`s Gone. 
bowled good tonight, only won two games but 1st place won all three games... that's not good. Slowly loosing sight of 1st place 
Everytime i'm watching tennis, i want to go straight to the court and play a match, but i don't have a partner 
Was at the botanic gardens wif Tara... Wahaha... Then we saw this smoke free gardens... Hahas... Then we have to go out...  just bough ...
Beacon tonight! Then all nighter till work 
@tinchystryder When will be hearing this immense song with Amelle? Soon I hope 
I neeed a new computer   Everytime I try and upload a new pic it switches off  X.
@BaneSidheBella When you find yours, would you please check around there for mine while you are at it?  
@AmandaJMichalka I miss you  Before almost everyday we talked and now , you are not so much here
I juuuuust woke up. Finally a full night's rest. I'm still sleepy tho 
@winemedineme It has the largest circulation of any pub in the U.S. Once you turn 50, you're automatically entered into the AARP club 
Almost off!  Then home 2 rela... Oh no... The lawn...  
Finally pulled out my toenail yesterday... puckin gross as shit. Everytime I look at it, I get a little sad 
@Ali_Sweeney When r u on?  Or did I miss u already 
Awesome!  Congrats!!!  When I first saw the title, I though you were talking about quitting Tagfoot for good   I wo... http://bit.ly/2hPSP
@tokyo1k usually connections don't get fixed by themselves  Once I needed 3 service calls (and 4 weeks) to get mine working properly.
@KraziiKayy Aww  When Lenny said &quot;Then I gets to tend the wab&quot; George shot him in the back of the head! And his body jerked forward!
@TMetzger25 I have been trying to.  Everytime I fall asleep my grandma was coming over or the dog was acting crazy.  
Ice cream with angie, manda and mary. Then bringing some to christina since she's sick 
Now I'm @ batting cages w/ my nephew. WHERE'S STARBUCKS?!! When can I go home 
@JamesUrbaniak Randall vid made me so mad i punched a baby.   Then I read that abuse &lt; abortion so I'm cool.  http://tinyurl.com/nvy5ox 
Me miss Priss! When is she coming home... 
@patriciaco I know!  Soon, all that we're doing won't be worth it.  I don't want that to happen!
Does any1 know how 2 get the HQ button on YT? When I upload videos they're not very high quality &amp; I can't work out how 2 get the button 
I just watched Once as I was lining up for enlistment. It's hard to hide tears when you're surrounded by a hundred other people 
Everytime I tweet, I look at how horribly cracked my screen is 
Woke up at 4am, thought I was late.  Then woke up at 5. Then at 6:23, 2 minutes before my alarm went off. Bad day I think?
so the OD lecturing today is the top state cop in drug issues. So interesting! Then work later 
@GreenThumbJC21 When its in your system yes. But it just masks how you feel. So im guess you wont go to the doctor? I leave friday 
@lexi_m87 LOL. When r we hanging out?? I'm lonely. 
@annebendixen aww wish I could just get up and go do fun stuff with mah girls  soon. Once FancyCat blows up we can hang out where we want.
rowanronwoanrownaorn - everybody loves rowanmond: Sometime last week... that makes me gay. I'm gay.  Does .. http://bit.ly/7rIAG
Yay! Finally got a new computer after my laptop crashed 
Almost $8 for 2 pizza crusts  Soon I'm attempting my buttermilk cupcakes w/ chocolate cream cheese frosting -- mod'd for wheat free :/
@MariaArcegaDunn When I got that email (at work today) bulletin - my stomach dropped..heart sank..what a LOW. 
Everytime I lay in bed to go to sleep, I feel so sick. 
I seriously can't wait until i move out. Whenever that may be. 
@feverishpoptart I've been wanting to go really bad. I miss it. Soon I hope. 
@Steed First you CRUSH her! Then you pick up the pieces 
@caitlinhand1 I noticed that too! Whenever I find a good show it is always in reruns and was cancelled 
@mcm17 yeah I think I'm going to sue them for discriminating against us vegos! Everytime I see it I feel looked down upon and I cry! 
My PC crashed. Then a 120Gb partition went missin. Now windows wont load. (bootmgr is missin)  i feel so helpless. Prayers guys. I need em
@PlayStationEU When's FFVII coming out on the EU stores?? 
@kamikazekitten No   I have not the time, expertise or cash to create a website at the moment.  Soon, hopefully...
In the airport waitin to catch a flight back hm to da chi! Everytime I go hm its for somethin bad! 
Woooo... Last day of school... *sigh* 
Well these are the things you have to accept when living in the Netherlands... Once a week approx.  http://twitpic.com/6j0o3
Tanning at 10am. Hobby Lobby after. Then I have to come home and clean. 
Midterm today. Then I'll be napping forevvvs. Being sick is just unfortunate 
A promise kept: Finally completed transferring Hans' CDs to his computer.  A note from 06 reminds me it's been 2.5 yrs coming.  
@rachaelleex3 wish u were behind this desk. Then i could have my REAL name! 
@catsheep Finished now. Once again, I find myself feeling sorry for millionaire athletes instead of, you know, deserving people...   
 Sometime in the night, I had to get up and drag my cat to bed because she was scratching at the door. Now my tummy's all scratched.
Eatin some wendy's...Then it's back 2 work  
Off to run an errand then to the gym! Then lunch with my girl Bella, last time imma see her for a while 
@xtribx Lameee  When do you get back?
We have alot to get done today! @Kornflake1 When will you be in? I got one window logo up yesterday! No room 4 web address tho 
@Xanneroo  When your new born starts crying ...  about 5 seconds ...    Second and last one, I promise.  Was that too rude?
@Malarkey After reading the pro scaffolding comment I just snotted over my keyboard from laugh combustion 
@SpectreCollie When people say that heard he was hung, they don't mean with a noose. 
Shopping for DRAKE!! Then to the mall... Still raining 
@YoungA2985 yo dats why da bitch gotta go 2nite Soon as she come from work!!! 
@CamLaChixe When is it??? Its gonna be crazy! Wanna rent girlicious? Lolll if they still exist 
@csquaredsmiles Awwwww. When can you go online? 
@chrismessina That's got to be a misunderstanding of how OpenID works. Once again, more education required 
Just saw the hottest girl that lives in Sonoma Co. Then I remembered she totally turned me down about 5-6 years ago. FAIL 
@TanMcG re: giant robot We had the same problem over and over. Finally just cancelled. 
Picked up the toad to go. Now munchin down. Then take the folks to the airport for Bonaire....with out us! 
Wow Before the Strom is really make me sad right now! It makes me think about a guy that i dated for 2 and .5 years. 
Ouchie I'm in lots of pain right now. In tons of need for a hug!   Shower time. Then text all night(b\c I'm an insomniac)  Shelbee tomorrw
@LittrellHHC I want to attend but I'm from Mexico!!    When is it?
Doing nails. Pack. Then sleep early for busy day 2mrw 
Everytime I talk to you you drag me in...now my profile songs got me thinking about you, I hate to say it...but I shouldn't talk to you 
@MikaCasimir I'm sober like a mutha  lol me, symphony, ami and natasha r going out. Remember. Then having a slumber party at Natasha's!
Waiting for delivery guys to turn up and fit new carpets. &quot;Sometime between 8am &amp; 1pm&quot; is a big window when you need to do other stuff.  
@Hollywoodmaids I miss you soooo much!  I neeeddd to see you! Soon! ASAP! Muah!
@Holani When i came home,i found that my mom cooked nice dinner for me, thats how my day ended. 
@mitsuharu013 OIYA!! When would you want to go out and watch the movie????  Excited na ko!!!
Suppose thats the price I have to pay for a higher follower count and a vision into the interesting/strange lives of porn stars 
Jimmy? Then where is castiel?  wil have to wait til sunday to find out what is going on?
Getting ready for H.Wilcox's funeral  Then I have to work tonight... talk about being exhausted!
@davidhardie kinda sad how that all works out... Once they are all out of their bubble 
Something wrong with my speakers  Suddenly, my favorite music no longer sounds good. Ah, the importance of a good sound system...
Just had a fun eye test. Was getting on really well with the girl, had a bit of chemistry going on. Then my mum turned up 
Nothing like waking up to a dead 24&quot; iMac... When will this run of bad luck end 
Everytime I hear a car revv up and then slow down, I think the mail's here. It's not.  But honestly, how many freaking trucks do that?!
Is Sims 3 really that much better?  Once it seems like I collect almost all of the last one a new one comes out 
I only have four more episodes of Lost left.  When does season six start..?!
Greek place? Then pavillion! Then back to peaches!  Missing my boo 
Suppose i should go to bed! I need to revise for exams 
I think I'm allergic to food! Everytime I eat it makes me sick.  This is not good I really like food
@tamichynn - what happened to your myspace?! Suddenly you're not on my friend list and when i searched u again &quot;We don't mess&quot; is gone!! 
can't order a new phone since it's registerdin my dads name. Suppose I have to either change number or stay phoneless 
@erstwhilestyle no I cant...  im in Clifton. When are the dailies coming out?
Awwww. Xavier will never be the same without those 8 dudes.  Once a Xavierian, always a Xavierian.
@Sushiboofay When you look at the whole story leading up to it, it's really fascinating. But also very sad.  I'll have to do some research
Home from a pretty good show...new drummer did a great job...too bad he can't do next weekend   Soon after I'LL be &quot;new drummer&quot;...hmmmm
the clock is ticking, time is passing, and I've only got that little things done.  WORRIED. When will I start inviting?
Everytime i hear chocolate legs by eric benet i think bout this one dude and i'm pissed. I really liked him too 
@SarahCasonHall sorry I missed you! Once I got to my seat my phone has zero service 
My hands are cold all the fucking time D: When I drink water or eat salat my fingers turn ice cold and my nails turn purple  fml.
Ever misplace a bag of Hershey Kisses? When I find that bag it's going to be a brick of chocolate 
Daly's Chapel, so sad I don't get to see my little Bailey today  Then off to the coast to ride the jetski!
@Aga83 Last year he was awesome, good car. Its really just a pity that he has ended up with a dog of a car 
At the airport missing the fam already  and to too it off it's finally a beautiful clear day in south Florida. When I get back new diet
@krystellar Aaaah! TELLA!  When can I get it ba??  Haiii... Dang it. :| And my other phone's still with Mooks :|
@berryzkamen Kinda. Then I got up and went to the bathroom and my stupid neighbor was throwing up... so then I was up for good. 
Hanging with my Nan &lt;3 Then off to the airport  Going to miss her &lt;3
Why??... Everytime when I don't have internet! 
I'm cold and tired. It's freezing both outside and indoors. Sometime the Swidish summer really sucks! No fun 
@DanaDigital When am I gonna see you again? I see you went to costco w/o me 
The sun has come back out. Once again I am denied my awesome storm 
Voice recital! Then back home to study math... 
Sad to discover  my &quot;tweet grade&quot; (http://tweetgrade.com/) was an F  Then I tried it again after a few minutes and it was an A 
Throwing drinks at E-Bar...Once again missing the game 
@strongsinger because Ive had late nights this weekend. And one more tonight. Then gotta be up for school early  @aidenmckenna of course!
Looking forward to a day off tomorra. Going to buy a bike. Then a nasty 6 day week to follow 
Hey #TechPortRadio When is this give away getting started. my dog just died today    (TechPortRadio live &gt; http://ustre.am/2EUj)
Going to walk on the beach with Nathan... Then home to pass out. He leaves tmrw. 
Everytime someone pops the ball up i think of parabolas.... 
@IAMSTARR I'm hungry! Before I had sum 1 that fed me, but now I'm on that feed the hungry channel. Wonder y.. 
 @Mgapmp When you meet @johncmayer tonight, please tell him my story. How Laker Fans made me miss his show!
I have a 35 second video that I'm going to put up soon =D @Daniater When are you going to make videos 
Suppose I need to leave now...too tired just wanna sleep 
I'm getting all Glastonbury excited like!! Then I remember I've got the family visit and a shit load of house viewings this weekend 
@Stuartcfoster @jetblue lost my bags headed to #levyhoneymoon which we received 3 days later. Then they left the bags at JFK last night 
Down in ac for the afternoon. Then back for night class 
I got 7 shot's  im okay oh i just saw a grandma rockin a grill haha the cutiest thing ever! Now off too get taco bell. Then HOME! &lt;3.
Coffee time, Then maybe a a bit of telly.. my eyes have been staring at this screen way too long. Engrossed in this bloody game 
Just woke up from a nap. Waiting for best friend to come home from working out. Dinner. Then back to dewitt 
@DirtyAngel you and me both. When your paying that much 4 a toy u want it to be damn good. I wanted to buy it for recent anniversary hol 
Power hour! Then traffic blah 
@Aisleyne1 nice to see you've got loads of replies to the clip of Sree. When I put it on here the other day, no one said anything 
Just came from Kaiser cuz ya boy that sick. Bout to go pick up lil sis then chan. Then do homework 
Yummm coffee. Then lecture 
My sim is too hot for my iphone. Everytime I try to give a hot smooch to someone it crashes  boo
baring any disasters, I am officially moving out the 26th!  Scary huh?  Then going back to Richmond to start the job hunt 
I tried again but your still the same. Then its not ment to happen. Right?  wish it would
@hi_imjessy i love you too bby. Everytime i think something mean in my head i think of how nice it'd be to have u there to laugh with me 
@terri5me2000 so we will go this weekend to trade my truck in for a more gas friendly car &amp; we will share 1 car until... Whenever 
@TherealJeezy When u cummin bk 2 tampa? I missed ya last show  
Everytime i fall asleep with wet hair, its like mufasa was resurrected when i wake up 
Suppose to be watching a movie with my sister but she fell asleep 
@MistahFAB When he asks who he is, I just pull out the cds and mags and books! LOL! Sorry about the mistype. 
@TittiNguyen When am I ever going to eat again? 
Schoooool Soon, Exam At 9 Arghhhhh 
Why is it raining  don't want to get out of bed... But i have to.. Within an hour gonna get a workout
@ademwithane I have to admit I don't mind a dance in the car to 'Someday Soon' 
give the letter to her. Everytime I mention her, she looks sad. I think she's jealous 
Sent 90 texts today :O  When I hit 100 it changes from costing me 1 cnt to text to 25cnts 
Break time! Then dance 
The day started loving thanks to Alex! Then it sort of got a bit worse  But hey, give me a job and I'll be happy again!
@stacylwhitman If it's any consolation, we finally parted with the 8-tracks a few years ago. Soon it will be time for cassettes and VHS. 
I've only got the finale of American Idol left to subtitle. Then it's back to doing som real work 
@macguy436 assuming the weather holds out - Wed evening looks good. Then the rain returns with a vengeance 
Quick shower and then off to the newsroom for edits. After that, I teach. After that...I probably do a crap-ton of work and nothing fun. 
ugh. Finally got around to installing #Safari4 (hey I've been busy!) + its reverted back to old tabs. Really liked the title bar tabs 
@selkieskin Oh, I *hate* that! Once it's swollen, it's like impossible to quit biting it. 
A woman at my job didn't show up in time for work today. Later we found out she'd died this morning so I'm sad right now 
@JadeSkylar - Everytime I try to type back on fb chat it wont let me   
Suppose thefts and all crimes  will get worse as financial situation bites harder. 
@queenmotherblog Yikes   Ron always says the prep is the worst.  Once you are under you don't feel anything.
Library tomorrow, post office to send @babyxj something in the mail ;). Then work 
@colbertobsessed  yeah I bet. Once it's finished you get to be all stressed about exams and papers to.  It's a cycle that never stops.
@Quanie22 Once again We're missin' anotha @djwallah nite at Deko 
I can't believe how much I continue to struggle... Wherever you disappeared to I'd love if u return immediately... 
Just finished doing homework  Soon time for bed!
Sleepy time. It was a fun night even though i complained. Tomarrow i get to cruise in a 2010 audi. Wee. Then I have to give it back 
Everytime I see the commercial 4 'my sisters keeper' I start 2 get that lump in my throat, u knw right b4 u cry/tear? 
Exhausted from school and &quot;marathon&quot;. Sleepy time. Then all over again tomorrow. Ugh 
@TheMAURYShow When can I get tix for tapings in stamford? I have called and emailed but no replys yet 
This God and Redemption class is really killing me. Luckily it'll be done in a week and a half. Then onto the next class 
@AndrewThorpe hmm... Well, it's up to you, darling. Later it's handed in, more work you have to do to bring it up to scratch. 
3 followers to hit 75!!! Slowly but surely... and with one dead #nokia 
@NMaize When's T8 gonna drop for me?   boo
Everytime I yawn, my chest starts hurting  ouchiuaha
Everytime I fall asleep before midnight I wake up at some insane hour  gotta sleep till at least 8!
@lurkey No fair... I got my dancing shoes on and prepared to boogie... Then got told &quot;Page could not be found&quot;   I'll sit back down then..
@kepp Eww, When I was a kid I was doing laundry and a big one landed on my ear  I was thinking it was my hair but it was moving. AHH~! lol
I'm so sleepy. Waiting for my hair to dry. Then I can put make-up on. Un-stacking the dishwasher now. ~yawns  I want my bed waaaa D: zzzzz
Suppose i'd better get ready for work  lol. No motivation today, at all!
@Jordan_Keats When I come to think about this, the same was true about Rome 
@walletpopper &quot;...if your balance is past due...&quot;.  re:CC Balance - Once again, no relief for the responsible payee.  
@SuperKaylo When will Battlefield 1943 be out? I already have the Points ready and its ment to come out this month 
@Bwadoo When I click that link, it says &quot;page unavailable.&quot;  What was she doing?
Lunch w Mamma!! Then gym  lol
@wheresitworking Whenever I try to check my mail, it crashes.  And when I open mail settings, it crashes again.  
@feliciaday I feel the same way. Once I was at Wendy's &amp; someone in line made a racist comment &amp; I just ignored him.  Never got over it.
@Landud26 When will you go to school lala?don't worry, today I feel bad too 
@FromFirstToLast ...Suppose that's easy for me to say though... 
Took a nap earlier and my face hurt when I woke up. Then I realized, I GOT SUNBURNED  Also my voice is gone!
Laying Down. Finally. I have a headache 
@drcade2013 I am trying to get a pic now. Everytime I crop a pic it still says it's too big. It sucks ass 
Hey guys, haven't used this for ages but great news to hear you have signed the lease over now. Soon be back here for winter 
Going home. Listening to title fight. Going to bed. Then work at 7 
Bedtime. Finally going home tomorrow yayyy! I'm soo homesick! 
@floiskie OMG, Irvin and Triffy are both resigning??? I'm losing friends in OGDI! When I get back there, I might not know anyone anymore 
Shower time. Then study... Not looking forward to science exam tomorrow morning 
Hello world. Once again its pouring &amp; chilly &amp; I don't think summers coming 
Just got up!! ahh! Heading to somerset today!!  Get to see my niece Laila!!!! Then who knows!
last day of teaching at JQS!  Then Greekfest in Cambridge.
Bio testttttt.  Then with cailinnn.
i'm no good with effervescent vitamins. Once again i've flooded my desk with coke and trashed my tree of life poster  poop! #fb
@TenaciousTay  When it rains it pours, I guess. However, you're still awesome.
I feel sick  but I'm super excited for what's going on today. Soon I'll be able to say it ;)
Everytime I put eyeshadows in my makeup bag they end up breaking all over the bag and all my brushes get covered with it. 
Everytime I look at the study page I fall asleep 
@belle_lulu Once knew a dental lab chappie who drove a sports car - apart from that, zilch, nada, nichts! 
@1stLadyE When I went to pick some strawberries yesterday, some ripe lots still green and rotting w/no hope of ripening 
@TheChristinaKim Once in the sun was enuff for me. Slept in the parking lot to play early. 5 hrs &amp; 112 shots later 
@KatieCorless BOLLOCKS. I would of loved to.  When are you next babysitting her? x
@B0RNASTARtrell &amp;&amp; good cuz I want my baby to know what's up. Finally! &amp;&amp; I can't cuz I don't have a Ustream. 
@aliceclapp Haha! I'm not v.good at science! and umg ye  it was awful!! (until McFly came in ;)) Then we just had Jonas pointless guitars!
@Teach_Beach Then meats should not be marinated? 
Off to bed, i'm super tired. Once again didn't really get any work done today 
Suppose we will leave.  
About to leave IHOP. When I get home, I need to straighten my hair. Bleh 
Home - awake... yes still ringing in my ears.  Have I procrastinated still - yes  Once my brain can form a good thought with no ringing...
@JShav When will you be home? So I can talk. If not on phone at least over facebook. I just I dunno....I tall you later. 
@shellistevens OMG! That sucks. Once when they used to have the two diff solutions I used the cleaning one to do that and burnt my eye. 
Built a bookcase. Then realized I'd put the back on backwards, so the wall side is visible instead of the pretty wood texture side. 
Cops just shut down the most interesting party in the world. Before i went swimming too. 
@msnette13 seriously nette I'm relaxing my hair!  its too much this natural. Soon as I get it pressed. Hours later POOF!
@parlai Oh.  When do you turn 18?
@nicksantino Tie Dye !? I love . Whyyyyyyy!? Once i do it ,it turns out ugly. 
Yipeee last day of school before The Weekend. Then school again  my holiday doesnt start for about 4 weeks and i get 6 weeks off
Everytime I try to find myself, I can't.. I guess I'm just on my own. 
Suppose better do some homework! 
@troubalex: Wow. When will they make a law against forks and knifes. Both of them can kill 
Finally dressed.... Loose Women... Then Walk... Then Revision  xx
is hopefully about to leave Georgia! Then I have work.... 
Suppose to take Elmo to groomer. It is nasty out, think I'll reschedule! Rain rain go away! Suppose to storm all day 
Why am I awake  okay getting ready for the gym with my trainer. Le sigh. Then off to work (hopes the day goes fast)
Off to town... eat Chinese, go to Wal-Mart. Then I have to finish cleaning the house. Then off to work. No nap for me today! 
Going to drop off my baby girl at her grandmas! Then gotta get ready for work boo   but do get paid!!! *..::Bz.F.VayVay::..*
@emzi_lula_bags I will be very jealous of you in a couple of hours. @thescript AGAIN!? When I haven't even seen them once 
its the freakin weekend already!!!! Weeks are flying! Soon summer will be over 
@desiredeffect nope. And unfortunately I can't leave the house yet. This sucks. I really want to give you your painting! Soon, I hope. 
So we were in the airport from 5:30-11:30 &amp; didn't go anywhere.  Then I got cranky &amp; slept all day! I just woke up &amp; apologized to Chiv.
@Flaxhermit The show was awesome!!  I can't wait to tour and get to play a show every night.  Once every month or so isn't enough 
@MuscleNerd When will #ultrasn0w be released 
@DjMugen I wasn't even working. I use lots of lotion. I think all papers are out to get me. Once I received a paper cut from a booklet! 
Aliya has puked all over the carseat and car, peed all over a highchair and floor, and now diarhea all over the car seat Within 12 hrs! 
Everytime i think i got a new follower it turns out to be some random lady wanting to do bad things. Y can't it be a man! 
@therealtiffany aww! That sucks. Once somebody hit my car while i was at work then drove off 
@Exodus_04 When I see you next I'm not gon recognize you!  lol
@masteradept   Soon, you'll be in your new place!
@GingergirlNYC 3am. Finally done with work. Too late to do anything but sleep. 
Everytime she comes I'm so happy to be w her &amp; also dreading when she leaves I cry like a lil baby, it just hurts so bad to let her go.  
@PlushMistress Sorry   When I get that way it means it's time for a nap.  maybe you'll wake up remembering who your real friends are.
Melman is Finally home in bed. Not feeling good   all stuffy. Where's my thermometer
@RespectTheWest LOL.  When did you start calling your right hand &quot;Fiona&quot;?  That's kind of creeping me out...  
@here4cheer haha ya same.  Fml.  Soon it will be dead time!! 
OH: @here4cheer haha ya same. Fml. Soon it will be dead time!!  http://tinyurl.com/kq8l4b
Suppose i best go and get on with the house work    washing and hoovering etc here i come...
Slept horrible last night  eye doctor appt this morning. Then baltimore tonight.
Gosh! When will we arrive solo ya? Masih di semarang 
@julefrog Oh   When do YOU get a day off baby?
@MuscleNerd When I use redsn0w on ipt1g, it goes to a blank screen after redsn0w says done. From the comments, this seems common 
@natsecular Till the 28th. Then it's back to the normal life 
Just woke up after 12 hrs of work. Going to buy some food I'm hungry. Then going play some games before I go back work for 12 hrs. 
@Wengles Yes, it certainly is.. Could say the same for you LOL! When I get paid, I'll cut it, otherwise I'd be forced to have a basin cut 
@jessicaSoh When are you going to take me to the haircutting place of your people? I look like a lion.  
@sundaydrive i wanted to! Then my parents decided we were gonna go out to a fathers dinner and now decided to not go. Bah i miss you 
@RosieGaga @peyton_scott @nicoleeeeeloves @kjlambert PLEASEEEE someone call me during Before the Storm.  I BEGGGG you? 
@RosieGaga @peyton_scott @nicoleeeeeloves @kjlambert PLEASEEEE someone call me during Before the Storm.  I BEGGGG you? 
Everytime I come to this theater it reminds me of all my exs or the dates I had here  it reminds me of all my time wasted on these losers
@rogueautolycus  I bet it is. Soon I will know
Off to the gym. Once I get out of bed owh 
@MattTrombley I wish I could work like a whore. Everywhere I apply ignores me.  I NEED MONIES
Everytime she stops talkin or replying for hours or days it is like she's leavin me all over again 
so much goin on &amp; ths heat aint no joke. Once again Daddy...who made U MAD? it s 2 f'n hot. Plse heat luvrs tke me off ua invite list. 
Its only 3am...why do the birds have start singing? Then should have a lay in!! Dammit  http://myloc.me/4LxL
@Heeyriley Then fine! Jerk.  i love You!
My back hurts.  I'm also very sleepy. (Finally.) G'night.
Mummy and daddy are playing and ignoring me  mean mummy and daddy. Humpf. When is MY playtime???
Bahah last night was fuuun. I'm tired though so I'm taking a nap. Then I get to go to work at 3 
Breakfast, then to the beach. Then leaving back to Spring. 
Staying home because it's father's day and my sis flies to Europe tonight. Then work at 2  sigh so worn out
Suppose to be gettin ready for church but unc's got my truck and I can't find his keys. 
@rosemaryCNN As a parent it must be extremely hard for you to cover Neda's video.  I want to be a Mum someday that video hits home hard. 
Woke up to an amazing view of vegas baby. Leaving soon  then dim sum. Then outlet. Then sleep. Then home.
@rantingteacher: Such a great feeling to near the end of reports. Soon b summer hols (wel, with a long 20 days in btween, I know 
FUCK CONICS. When am I ever ever ever going to need to know this, I already took the final. 
@The_Gabster When did you go to California?! And why are we just finding out?!?! this is a sad day in this friendship 
Getting my acrylic nails off. Poo.  Then hitting up panda express!
Watching &quot;Angel&quot;. Lovely! Then more homework. 
@NadineLeong AH!!!  Then howww..... what about SP!
@Lindsaypaix he won't hug me! Ever! After all i do for him 
@timsgurlfurlife Hi! When the chickens here cross the road, they carry little umbrellas, 'cause Chrys sent all that rain my way. 
Misses being able to drink a pot of coffee by myself  Soon...Soon!
@GaryGillatt When I go in I don't even get flirted with  It goes all League of Gentlemen: &quot;There's nothing for you here.&quot;
Yesssss!!! Finally a sunny day!!!! Theres this mini bong that i soooo want. Its got a defused downstem, perc, and icecatcher. no $ tho 
Everytime I get ready to go outside to sit in the sun, the sun goes in. This would be one of those #crapsuperpowers from a few weeks back 
http://twitpic.com/87jup - just cant stand goodbyes, soo tomorrow, when its time for you to go, i'm gonna say &quot;see you Later&quot;. 
Sitting in the doctor's office waiting for the doctor. Suddenly I just realized I don't like being at the doctor's office. 
You make my crazier ..  when u come back?  = Soon please 
I had a dream i was on JONAS. Then i woke up 
@ExpressLisaG When are associates going to be allowed use their discount on express.com? So unfair! 
@Driadon Eventually we'll play games again. 
Everytime I see the guy scrap and dump the crumbs at popeyes I shed 2tears!!  What a waste!!
@MishGoddess me too. I'm always sick. U have to o'd on vitamins. Once I stop takin them for a week I get sick 
Everytime I see your photos I feel so...... so.................. 
I just wanna know what its like to carry a note. Whenever the family sings together I just twiddle my thumbs and watch from the sidelines 
@reneeuzong I'm also working on flashcards instead of sleeping.  Soon we will be done!
@morageyrie I used to do exactly that a couple of times a month. Till I got a fork. Then the fork got confiscated at the airport 
I just realized I left my book for class out... unattended. Within reach of Horatio, our poochie. I fear what I will come home to. 
@allytarantino iHate TweeDeck! When you want to &quot;@&quot; someone, there isn't a list of all your friends like Twitterfon has. 
A very loud race track like bugle sounded at the Rodeo Grounds this morning around 6:30. Then some preachy type stuff over a loudspeaker 
Everytime I breath I pop my waste belt 
One of those days *grumble* Suddenly lost my i-net connection (seems I missed a mail 'bout and update)-Flat tire on my bike-burnt my food 
@iamdiddy I feel you I hate working out too! But our results will be MAJOR! When you look good you feel good! 
So tired. Finally getting some sleep. Nighty 
@skepticabin I still like my Thunderbird!  (When it works).
@Sky_Bluez Then you need a better class of clients. 
@JeremySkelly Sometime today hopefully 
Just Listen in 5,4,3,2,1... Finally. 
Woot! Right there with you. Soon. 
@Somie86 Girlllllllllllllllllll!!! Finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wellesley for the night! Then home for tomorrow 
@samyay Sometime next week I think. 
@jessNOLA When hanging out by the River drinking, watch out for spontaneously combusting champagne corks. 
Drinks @ McD's, then home for Bible study. Then...bed. 
YAY! Finally got my new computer!! excited 
&lt;&lt; Then get another later in the summer with money from work, hopefully dual 24&quot; on the MBP 
@DawnRichard When you and Que having babies, ma'am? 
@BabyCenterMom When should we have our kick off concept meeting?    what fun that would be!
Mystery solved  Finally, after all this time.......
HELL YEAHHHHH! the openers are like gonna slip and bust their ass!!! {Pictures Coming Soon 
@RuthyLANY LOL me too!  I must be super annoying!!  Whenever one of them posts, I go ape-shit!  
@maddihorse Its raining. Finally. 
Hollyoaks omnibus. Need a catch up. Then Shipwrecked. Then offta town..then Beckys 
Lovely sunny sunday morn...time for a nice run         Later tweeters
@VividMuse As the loving care giver of 2 Golden Retrivers, I understand, and can tell you that they do calm down. Eventually. 
@saulkza You can cook? Suddenly you're a whole lot sexier 
@michaelgrainger Yup... right out of Twitterville for now.  It's hard to leave but nothing ever happened without some action.    Later
@Rosaapril When ou have 3 girls you learn to ignore ALLOT! It's the only way to stay sane 
@aardhu welldone  Soon you will become expensive ;-)
*sigh* Gotta get some work done. This Teeter Hangup is not going to pay for itself. Later, tweeple 
@thetaraface Thanks there, Taraface. When I read your Okie Dokie, I groaned and chuckled at the same time. A gruckle, if you will. 
@jwhardcastle Excellent! When next?  I use google cal for social stuff, lemme know
@AngCee When in doubt, go to the mall 
@mfertenbaugh Whenever you have time 
@slruffell Chillax dewd!   I was at a fireworks do last year, stuck in the carpark.  Someone started beeping.  Soon the sound of ...
@Taryll When did they show up? 
Blimey is that the time!!!I better get going!!! Later lovelies!!! 
@ashleytwo ooh. and now order no2 with the rest of my prints has come through. Finally, some wall decoration 
@sue_de_nim Ah... When in doubt, use whatever is to hand 
Seen on friend's t-shirt: &quot;FedSex: When you absolutely, positively have to get it overnight&quot;. I think I want that tee 
@Gaspard Ulliel When will you ever?.... 
@jedackerman anything for our B! Thanks for coming. I had fun too!  Remember... When in doubt... Patty yourself 
@CoachDeb When you send my signed copy and only if it is as great as your tweets then it will become my recommended reading for tweeps 
@kristenbear  If I recall right, I remember late nights with baking and mXc... Then early mornings with SNES.
@enzu Cool!  When can I download it?  
@DerrickJWyatt When you listen to the latest ep of TFW'd podcast, skip to 9:35. 
Just booked a hotel in Paris! Finally, that job is done 
@CherylHarrison When I see you the first thing I'm going to do is punch you in the ovaries.  Then I'll drink beer.  
@Reemski Slowly! I am just chilling out, really, getting stuff ready today to photograph tomorrow, so fingers crossed for good light 
Perfect day just to relax... Then off to the IPL cricket  http://ff.im/-2wfNn
I rule!! I've discovered a technique that brings me one step closer to opening my shop on etsy. Soon, soon 
Yay! Finally reached 100 followers...... 
@frizfrizzle omg  I sort of miss Piston sometimes. Then I stop that immediately.
Today JONAS! Finally! I love the opening credits! If you didn't see it, check it out here:  http://tinyurl.com/dar32w  
@joe0616 Nah. 1 hour to work. Then back to Arkansas where I'm moving from. In the midst of relocation. 
@leehancock  tempted to make one this afternoon!Everytime I see someone with one I have 2 stop myself from yanking it out of their hands!
Excited to spend the day with my family, and do laundry and clean. Later, buying a new kitchen faucet then dinner with friends. 
http://twitpic.com/4eg0i - Before his hair cut. I just wanna kiss that little face all day long 
Me to punky.  Suppose to have storms all day but it looks pretty sunny and hot out. O_o
Finishing Sketching project one. Then off to the wonderful art store to gather supplies for dress Mid-term project! 
Waiting for them to call my name! Finally graduating! Woo hoo! 
@bethhbrown @StuckInLaLaLand When you're on the phone and you talk real slow... I love that song! i just played it the other day! lol 
@MalaysianLife Once in a while, I try to practice my spanish ;D 
Eastridge Later. 
@dravenreborn - you've got my vote on Facebook   When are you putting the chosen pic up?
Drama at 5:30. Then camping out with the cast 
Only the short side and a corner to go before I've completed my Shetland Shawl  Then the wonders of blocking will transform it.
Watching tele. Later some football if my lungs can take it...  
@yaeljk try flickr, search Jordan Knight &amp; sort by date. Then you'll likely to get d latest pics.  kill me with hot pics!
@JazzyB2U When you have time let this shy girl know how DMV went yesterday.  Pray for me, all of us.
@ThoughtsHappen That's the idea!. Soon I can just hook myself to her with a tow rope, no more pedaling! 
Is going to church. Later on, shopping for formal dance clothes and soccer stuff. :3 Yay. Shopping.  -.-
@hturtle i need to learn your schedule. Whenever me &amp; @eddieelguera want to see you I don't think you are working. We need to coordinate! 
Having an orange  Vitamin C!! Woot woot. Then going to the library to study for ap test with frank the tank and maddie.
Shower, then new HM And SonnyWithAChance episodes.. Then bed 
@_MikeKennedy When I passby Toronto will keep you in mind.  Hello!  
 I'm gonna go be grumpy and read comics. Later, twitter!
@thetalkativeone  really? I didn't know that. Then again, I'm not an avid twitter. Hehehehe~ 
@wishdreamhope Maybe take it one person @ a time? Once we get #sambradley up we put #bobbylong on the charts? Just a thought. 
Up early to do some coding. Later: Meeting new landlord to sign the contract. Then: Packing for the move. Love bank holidays 
@noravrenezi, Heeeey dear! Finally found! 
@ElvisHsiao  The website I'm developing - http://woo.sh lets you also share Videos, documents, maps and events - Later music too 
@IDrive_Online When will the maintanance end? I would like to backup some stuff. 
@Coughran Soon I hope... Really need to finish the cloning project so I can get more done 
@kixxa I'm somehow totally distracted by that shirt!  I don't even know why.Suddenly he's like the guy next door!
Off to bed. Only one more day left at school before i get to go on holidays. Yay!! Finally. I am getting sick of school... LOL! 
Working on a PR plan. Then it is on to awards. 
Just woke up and washed up, I have class @ 10 till 11 then chillin in G Building with my nigguhs. Then my bby is coming over @ 3:30!  ilh?
@kkanester  No, but apparently a distant relative died in east africa, leaving me as his only heir. Once I send 5K I should have 250k 
Morning tweets &lt;3 Sky and I are going to start this day off right with some shopping  Then off to the park.
@timhahnproject Heh.  When I moved into my house Pius was having a pep rally, so there was cheering and a band. 
Sweet! When are they going to be publicly available? 
Right! Into action! Grab a shower, grab my camera and, I think, a walk in the sunshine along the canal. Later, good tweeple 
@UKpokerReview Going to start very small, like $0.10 or $0.50  Then slowly to higher stakes
I am sooooo happy! Finally, Kean Cipriano replied to my chat messages. I hope he's not fake. 
Just finished my 1st new song !!!  Soon on Youtube !  Keeping you updated ! 
@KristySlater this has been like the never ending story....all I seem to be doing is packing and now unpacking!!! Soon over, great here 
@MissxMarisa Then I guess that makes me Dot? 
did my jogging... ate my delicious fruit salad.. and now am about to play LBP!! Then grilling with the lovely hubby later tonight.. 
Is finally back on editing 'The Battle' After numerous teething problems 
I now will start the day with cleaning, shopping and preparing for BBQ later. Then men will cook the meat and say they did everything. 
I love my evening :-&gt;this evening is much more better than this morning  Suddenly, I feel so cool and I love VN so much LOL )
Watching the Mythbusters see if the moon landing could have been faked! I love this show! Then gotta go do laundry for my mom! 
Gym homework. Then (maybe shower), then bed. Zzzzzzzzz 
@gunhaver @Matty85 Soon!  So so soon! 
Regretfully! I must be leaving now. Once again my dear Jan and I had a heated discussion, it was great! Hopefully she learnt something! 
@dNeero When you still bounce when you jump on it 
@Magic899 Finally. 
Suppose to be working.. 
@MTcoffinz  When I suddenly come across a bag of money, I'm going to buy lots of your stuff. It's too awesome to not own. 
Right back to work for me now! Before I go who hasn't sponsored me yet?  http://bit.ly/ya5nX
MONEY TIP- When you pay your bills on time I may mine and that's our bailout plan. 
done watching 25 episodes of Boys Before flowers and its love &lt;3 forever 
My wish list for camera lenses...12-24 F4 24-70 F2.8 70-200 F2.8 Wawawa.. Then I can really die in peace.. 
@MrHudson When/where can we hear it?! 
@pluseight YEAH! When do I see you again, you Swenglish Donkey? 
@feonua Ohmygosh, heading to Canada. Yesssss. When when? Only a couple weeks! 
http://twitpic.com/5c8d4 - Whenever I look at this I laugh  Haha.
@PunkRockRunner You learn something on every ride.  I got stung by a wasp in the last 15k on my ride. Allergic. ER time. Then rode home.
@RavuthTy I never throw up! Next month PARIS, then we will see who's gonna throw up! Unless we got a driver 
Awww! They're giving 2 of my favorite movies on TV!! The Princess Bride and Ever After 
@Alegrya When in doubt, Eurovision. It's all that has kept me sane these past two nights  #eurovision
The Maine was aMAzINg yEh. Before after and during was reallyyyy fun. Haha snl is on  like heyyyyyyy!
@infinitysanti WILL DO  Soon as I get home. 
In the baaath. Ma is making thai curry for us  loren and bev coming over soon then cinema!! Then hopefully its still be light enough 2 run
@herbmentor That insta garden looks great! Slowly building up mine 
installed this new iphone app...pretty cool stuff  Soon biking with my wife...awesome weather today...have a great RELAXING sunday!!
just finished watching Once! downloading the soundtrack now 
My GF is awsome. Made me dinner last night and had a bath run for me when I got in. Then she made me breakfast this morning  &lt;3 u pumpkin
Had a good service at Aloma, breakfast then were off to Summit... Then Alona again later 
@isshamarie - DEFINITELY! Once I get the keys in this coming week, I'm sure I'll have the full address to give to you.  Yay!
Just got home. Reading the bible. Then maybe going fishing! 
Ready for my work meeting...  i'm going to miss gina! Then another crazy day. Haha
Wahoo! When I got back from lunch they sent me home. 
I can once again kick head high.  Slowly but surely getting back in shape.  
The lawn is so high. I dont have the strength but i must mow it. Later. 
Haha. When i went i got partying old people! 
@jiphex Is it from a Prime shipper?  Then so could I!
@adampine thank you that means so much! Soon, my amazing coffee and pancake making friend, soon. 
Off to watch&quot;Zack and Miri make a porno&quot; with the hubby...Then going to sleep 
@aafreen Once u watch it, do lemme know ur review on it too 
i love the song..  by Avant  called.. When it hurts.  laying down listening to music feeling it.. misssing him.!
@semispaniard without a doubt. I have already mentioned that to several people. Whenever you make your way over here we will get at it. 
is &quot;Falling Slowly&quot; 
Watching an old ep of The Bill  scooore!! Then shall do my sweethearts laundry 
@xybil Nah. Later, he'll give me CPR on my dreams.  LOL!!!
@rubyjames Oh, sure.  After I buy a copy of both...    xoxo Ruby.
@slinqui - Absolutely! Whenever you run across a clip, send it my way. They make me giddy. 
So i could hang out with her more. Before i go. And with him. ) &amp; mode too. 
@Nivke When my brother was little he was sure his name was Julian SHAKRAN 
@KevinSpacey When u guys were putting 2gether 21, my agent &amp; I sent T-St.Prd's H&amp;R kit w/ an A&amp;J of Spades attached.  LOL I luv my job 
OKAY I have to go soon! :o Then maths exam at 1.45? I think. haha.  G'luck everyone!! xxx
@sung_koh Wow. HK people thing about your company! Then express yourseif like &quot;It not your own business!&quot; 
@PaoloNutini Hiya! When's the new album coming out! Looking forward to that! 
@Horsev Eventually last name rocks 
Waa! Finally got online after the crazy yet super fun concert! 
@Lancashireman alright chief. Saw your call - was at airport and indisposed! Then asleep 
@p_jayadeep Once you give-in, its blissful  #bangalore #rains #cycling http://ow.ly/7yd3
@p_jayadeep Once you give-in, its blissful  #bangalore #rains #cycling http://ow.ly/7yd4
@mariedigby  whenever I wanna write a song~ I can write it without any problem.  Whenever I dun wanna~ I can't even write a single word
Hola! Finally found a zip  now i can finish my dress 
Back from AllFurFun. Having a spot of whiskey at 6am.  Loved it, would go again, A+++ If you don't know what I'm talking about, sorry. 
@Iconaholic Spain? Beer? When? 
@simone_QoF Then my work here is done  Excellent! *in Mr Burns' voice*
@Wolfgang_ When I do it'll beo n my Flickr page 
@meyerweb Nooo!  Then @zeldman would never have seen my reply and he couldn't have retweeted it! ;-) (oh, and you wouldn't have read this)
@theotherAP Then thank goodness I am technically the CN desk today! 
@lameymacdonald Yes I did (but also thought if/when I marry, I will sneak my GF off to elope. Then have party later) 
@mikebarnes5 Wooo.. rock on.  Before long you'll be writing for section303.com 
Exam today. Yay! Then 3 weeks off nothing 
Finished the new Libresse commercial (15s). Once again they loved my music  Go me!
I got an Irish book today. Soon I'll be Lady Chuckles ... As Gaeilge 
Yaye ! Finally convinced minjie to go for redrain prayer meeting ! Woohoo  . - http://tweet.sg
love love love the new song my bro and I made today..by far its one of my favs!!! Soon everyone will get 2 hear 
@Scarlettjen When do you move ... I would love to hang out before then! I hope the gig goes really well for Kyle too 
I got an Irish book today. Soon I'll be Lady Chuckles ... As Gaeilge  http://tinyurl.com/p2mxcr
Then adding information about my tunnel. Finally, crossing my fingers, I start up the server using script/server on my machine 
I need a small break. A drink and some fresh air  Later!
@kezzi21... I can read you know! Explain yourself ..... Unless you are talking about the Other sibling ... Then I totally agree1 
Last day of this illustration job... seems to be moving nicely but, as usual, I have saved the trickiest until last. Before that, a map 
Grabbing ubuntu netbook remix for comparison's sake. Soon time to geek out! 
@Jennyc28 have to say I'm really looking forward to it- and taking plenty of holidays over the summer! Yippee! When are you off, missy? 
Everytime I see your smile it makes my heart beat fast!   I must have done something right,to deserve you in my life 
@himynameisrose Either way, webb = A . When we were getting our reports, someone had a stamp with authority on it and put it on webbs 
@namkosh ah! spring cleaning  I shld be doing that as well! things r great out here. The weather's luverly &amp; I should b heading out. Soon!
TGIF looses it's meaning when you are on vacation.  Then again everyday is TGIF, so maybe that's ok.  
TGIF! Finally! 
I haven't slept but I am all packed  I'm going to make a quick atm stop and then get my eye brows done. After that I'm heading to JFK!
Did I really just walk into  a glass door again! Once then ok, but twice well that's just plain stupid! 
http://twitpic.com/5ov6b - Wherever you are..hope you wake up feeling on top of the world (or view it) 
@CraigKessler When you put it like that, &quot;business handle on business&quot;, it makes sense. Never hurts to ask though!! Thanks 
@NikkiPilkington Before llamas came pigs! - that's evolution for you! 
Beautiful day today after a fantastic night. Clinic time. Then the weekend. 
Suppose sales this month aftermath will be a new revenue record for me 
Yipeee!!! Finally, the curtain has been drawn...Lord, I can't thank You enough! Now to the loooonnnggg awaited sleep  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
@TallOracle I'm off to bed. Be safe. Later. 
@MARVINGIRL Finally it works!! 
Wow. When things start happening, they really just keep coming. 
@yayKIMO Finally I will know 2moro since you couldn't spill 
@koleenmae Is the half up in SJ? When is it? 
@cherry_lime As it should be!! Yessss 
@Jamezila Whenever I get near an even thousand, I try to find an achievement that puts me exactly there. 
Viva la Bam is possibly one of my favorite shows, also, have I mentioned how rad #macbethfootwear is? Once again that is #macbethfootwear 
Hey, Don't write yourself off yet. It's only in your head you feel left out, Or looked down on.  [Later Peepz! gtg!]  have a nice day!
@RobDyrdek Where/When can we hear the song you did w/ @johncmayer?  THAT I have to hear!!!!!
@msproductions  yeah. Once you turn your electronic devices OFF it's easy..... Hard to turn them off tho.
@Thatguy858 When I am rich I will buy u the matching chair 
Mulholland Drive: When moving to SoCal, it should be one of the first things you do.   And I did.   http://diddit.com/r/sdvqcmq
@hardlynormal soon my friend. Soon.  
@PostGay UNPLUG IT  Then if he stares at you, just glare at him back.
@clydetombaugh Go 2 sleep little Bean...When u wake up 2mmw the world will luv u...actually, prob not the world but I will...sorta'.  
@AvaAlcantara Oh. When does classes start? 
@abguerraartist I could be wrong but I think its called weird. Then again, Id drink it if you gave it to me. 
@shmorhay I decided to try it after today's event where they explained the benefits it can give you. Before that I thought it's no biggie 
@RoyCisneros When you have giant ears and a fluffy tail 
is at work. Later I'm off to a good friends hen night. looking forward to a great party 
@SLT23C Sometime throughout my life.  (via @bryancheung)
@SLT23C Sometime throughout my life.  (via @bryancheung)
cos here acourse is the lovely twitter twatter of giggles.. Once again, I hope to convince hubbie dinner out would be best 
@danideahl WTF? When did happen? But it was good to see you again 
@kalsangikid Your place or mine? Wherever. 
@BawdseyBuoy Once sucked in, he'll never escape... 
