Most common words for this cluster:
[('think', 307), ('na', 21), ('today', 19), ('day', 19), ('sick', 16), ('night', 14), ('time', 13), ('work', 12), ('tomorrow', 11), ('tonight', 11), ('something', 8), ('week', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Think', 0.9999626874923706), (u'Forget', 0.6257985234260559), (u'Thinking', 0.5961450338363647), (u'Remember', 0.5836329460144043), (u'Consider', 0.5783973932266235), (u'Sequoia_Wanek', 0.5597633719444275), (u'Imagine', 0.553429126739502), (u'Sam_Seboe_column', 0.5488207340240479), (u'Fantasize', 0.5331147909164429), (u'Talk', 0.5325795412063599)]





Think I'm going to bed. Goodniight. I hate this 
Think i need some chocolate or cake or something to try and get me out of this foul mood 
Think I've got a post op infection, grumpy but can't help it 
Think I lost my extra camera battery. grrr... 
Think I pissed off god this week - there's pretty much everyone I don't wanna see in my pub right now! I'm filled with joy!  hehe!
Think I'm getting ill. But can't afford it. Not this week. 
Think I'm getting sick again 
Think my head is going to fall off  owww!
Think my pc is possessed. It's typing sdrawkcab 
Think i have hayfever 
@DuffersC ohh went back to bed. Just got up again. Think we've been ripped off at this b &amp; b 
Think I'm getting a cold. 
The party has caught up with me. Think I'm out of commission for the rest of weekend. 
anyone here suffer from migraines? ever felt one coming for two days before it hits? Think I have one looming 
Think i did super awesome amazingly well on immunology final...gotta get ready for ceutics now  
Not feeling so good. Think its finally turn for me to get sick. 
My heart hurts. Think I hurt the most important man in my life tonight. I hope not cause I love him dearly. 
@purplelime That's not good  Think the battery's failing to hold charge for some reason?
Think its time to get up from bed....work in the afternoon 
Think I'm starting to get sick 
Not very sunny here today.  So no laying in the warmth of the sun and sleeping for me!!! Think the family is planning a trip out in car??
Think I might be skipping church tomorrow 
Just saw a mouse in the kitchen   Think it's time to move house!
@stephmcintosh Never saw the first one, but will have to find someone willing to go with me this time. Think my TV cable is broken  *sob*
Serious wave of guilt just hit me  fist glismps of sun and i bail on revision day. Think i failed the first test.
Think we have to take solo to the vet  he doesnt have anything left in him. This is the hardest part to do.
At breakfast with the fam. Think I'm getting sick 
@FluidDruid23 Think so...very embarrassed as am revealing what a complete tech doofus I am!! 
@crazylegsclub http://twitter.com/TEAMTaiwo/status/1793415720 Think he could be the first one to leave me 
Not feeling good. Think I'm getting a cold 
Think it is safe to say that the cysts are attacking my ovaries again 
Think i have the cold... 
Think my cats have evolved opposable thumbs and started rewiring/moving batteries overnight. The end is nigh 
@MicroGTD But what is the most important word: creative? or chaot? Think that many ways lead in the old deadend street. Even you reboot 
Think i'm getting sick 
@martinrstone  Were you aware of this? http://bit.ly/hJjfA Think winners  were biased towards technology rather than content 
Think I might have just failed my first ever exam 
Only leaving two hours later than had hoped to. Think my bike's been stolen too 
Think I was right they are knocking the house down next door to me 
Think i've broken my toe  it hurts.
Not feeling so good  Think i am getting sick again !!
Think I fractured my foot on the sofa... 
Think i am going give up on my quest!! 
On the way to camp at last. Think I might have offended someone at the meeting earlier, and it bugs me. 
Think I will go to bed. So sick I can't even enjoy twitter. 
Think im getting sick  hopefuly it goes away 2mrrw cuz leila is coming over !
@sb_wilson Think I'll hireyou next year.In the meantime,find out what other people charge send me a quote.How come you got it right? 
Think I might head to bed right now... tonight was so much fun, and I'm so tired... Another regular day tomorrow 
@XkittiX hey there hun hru? getting up 2 much ova the weekend? I won't be as I'm sick  Think I have the flu-but not sure 
Think it may be time for a  lemsip soon, having a cold really sucks 
@pikalek No html converter on there   Think we're going with  http://bit.ly/3pJNC  'cause it took 5 min. to get working.
Think I have sunstroke. 
Having contractions again.  Think I'm getting them from being so tense while watchN that darn Transformers movie.... sheesh
@gonemad83 I've lost my callouses. Think I'm in for some pain too 
Think I hurt my shoulder at the gym this week. 
Think I pulled one of my twelve abdominal muscles this morning so now I have an eleven pack 
So hot in the garden today - but I'm not complaining!  Think I have conjunctivitis 
Think my stomach is bleeding from all the ibuprofen. ouchies it hurts 
Think I'm out this round all...pretty sure my period has begun... 
Feeling rotten after gym and then sleep  Think it's due to taking a double dose of medication this morning. I have angina and diabetes 2.
thinks simon cowell has defo had botox on his upper lip!!! Think im next  ha
I need this pain to ease enough to sleep tonight!! Think perhaps  all my recent activity catching up with me?? I can't sit, stand, lie  
@mattdempseycom Thankfully Boots were doing a buy two get the third item free on suncream and after sun lmao Think i need it 
Think the honeymoon with twitter is over. 
Feeling crappy. Think I'm sick. 
Think it's a rerun tho. 
Hating the feeling of bieng put on the backburner.. Think ima bout to call it a night so I can sleep off this feeling. I miss my bays 
Think i may be getting a cold or someting i can feel it! 
Think I've lost my anthology 
@Jennifalconer Think of us who have to go to work. 
Just walked 5 mins to the shop and back, in order to top up electricity key. Think have managed to burn already 
Think I'm all outta allergy pills 
Think about a wonderful person&lt;3 I miiss you 
Think I'm getting sick 
Think that's me finished for tonight. Being fed frozen chicken will do that to you...  #wgt
Night night everyone! Think it's going to be a warm night tonight! 
Think I'm Twittering too much. Twitteritus 
Think I'm getting sick.  Really, really need to get better because I was looking forward to this week!
Think the gineaus are settled now, screeched at me this morn when I opened fridge! Only one more week with them 
Think am going down with the winter flu - Three days down the drain 
Has felt like crap for a whole week  need more sleep! Think gonna lose my rag today eek!
Think I'm coming down with something. . .my back is sore, my throat is hurting and it feels like I have a temperature 
Think I'll have to buy new furniture for the terrace so I can work out there. Too nice to be tweeting inside  http://bit.ly/iZMwD
Think I broke my camera guys 
@chunkybum3 nope. Its under a parked car and I'm not gonna look at it! Think it must be dead 
That exam could've gone loads better. Think I revised too much for it and got overwhelmed with all the info I wanted to include. 
Think i failed my exam ugh. fml 
Returning to wolvo. The heat is spectacular. Think I left my headphones at king Eds though 
Has yet another bbq tonight. Think all the meat has gone now, back to normo food tomorrow! And work! 
1 day back at work and I'm absolutely shattered again.   Think I'll be having an early night tonight
Think im really sick and dont have time to c da doc  just laying here til work
Think i have sunstroke  feel ill x
I left a little piece of me behind today and it wasn't easy.  Think I might for a nice long run....
Think I may have the black stool. 
@zaibatsu I'm good!! Think I may actual go to be before 3am tonight.. getting up at 6:30 for a call 
Think I might need to hard reset my 5800, every bloody browser i have on it crashes 
Walking back to office  Think i need an ice cream first 
Trying to organise my #sla2009 schedule. Think I'm getting a headache 
Feeling nauseous. I'm back at work after a week off. Think work makes me sick 
@oneofth3m I'm almost starving for the last 24 hours.  Think of the african kids and me b4 worrying about killing a chicken
Think I pulled an arm muscle working out today. 
Not feeling good. Think I am staying in bed tonight 
Think its abt that time to call it a niqht!! LONGGGG day ahead! I hope I'm feelin better 2mar 
I've got a dreadfully weird feeling at the pit of my stomach. Think it has something to do with school. 
Still feeling under the weather today   Think I'm gonna go find me some chicken soup
@GrrrlsOnMDMA I know.  Think of beautiful things such as love and flowers and rainbows and butterflies! Another 5 mins. of bliss!
Think I have food poisoning.. 
Think I just felt an earthquake 
Think I'm going to be late today  Could this day be any better?
@siansburys Ooooh sounds good to me #elevensestime  Think I've run out of biscuits though 
I slept like a log. Think I'm falling sickkkk 
Last moments with teacher girl!!!! Think I'm going to cry!!!! 
Everyones being called in one by one to see who's being made redundant. Think I'm gonna vomit my stomach up with worry 
Think I'm gonna have a headache 
Think I need to get praying for sun tomorrow as the forcast is rain! 
Think my new camera is going to have to be returned  So pissed off
Think I lost my keys. There's bad luck... Then there's me 
Wow i think just eff'd myself! Think i ruined the part in my phone that the charger plugs into 
I am f*ckin freezin me ass off here!!!!  Think I need my hot water bottle!!! 
Think im gonna go to sweep i've got a major head ach thinkin hurts 
Just finished the evidence law exam. Think I aced one question and failed the other 
Think I got anywhere between 50 and 70 in c4, so I've got to work hard-ish for s2 just in case  U4 and U5 went fairly well though
Morning everyone, woke up to rain  Think I'll be having a fry up for brekky, haven't had one in about 2 years, can't wait!!
Trying to find energy to get out of bed so I can buy milk for tea and have a fried breakfast. Think pirating is unlikely for me today 
Think I've just made stuff even worse...that's a best mate gone then :\ 
Think I'm going crazy... I have no idea where that 1/8 tsp measuring spoon went. 
Blahhh I am quite exhausted and have a head ache  Think I will finally relax.
Think I might have re-torn my meniscus during basketball today.  I can barely walk! 
@DominaCaffeine I feel guilty cos I have been a crap spy and dont get it. Think I may have been assassinated now 
Feeling really ill today. Think got some kind of 24hr bug. The sickness stopped but the pain in joints is still going strong 
Think my old cat might be getting a cataract.  he has a poorly eye and now it looks like the outside has a opaque film on part of it.
Think I might hurl 
@KrisBenbow Think of your number and double it 
@endoplasmic101 calm down. Think of the children. 
Think i've broke my thumb  Its all swollen and i cant move it haha! Not a good idea to lose my temper with my bracelet haha
Hey @hawkcam Think the bike race/traffic scared away the hawkoholics.   No one watching the babies  (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
@ronanofficial Think it took til 'And I' to warm up after standing outside the stage door in the rain all day  So much for summer!!!
Think im comin down with a cold. that's not good. 
Think I got a little bit of a cold this weekend! NO energy!! 
@paomiami - Thanks. Think lm about to cry 
Think I might give up having ideas as they always seem to end up a whole pile of fail 
Preparing for the frustration of listing things on ebay with my slow and intermittent connection. Think it's going to be a long day 
Think my Twinbox is broked 
@simonhowes there's a looming grey cloud coming over now though! Think the rain is on its way 
The house feels awfully empty without @ukdavew here. Think we're both missing him lots 
Think the charger for lappy is broke Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
Think I need some eye drops, too. They sting 
Has had to give in to the cloud and come in   Think a thunder storm is on it's way !
not feeling well this afternoon  Think the crazy weekend's catching up to me... long night tonight, too! Suggestions?
Think I failed my test 
Crossfit kicked my ass today. Think I'm getting sick. Can someone plz bring me food 
Think I am going to turn in early tonight. Not feeling so great. 
Think I worked out too hard, fighting a headache now 
Think i got food poisoned....sick 
Think I'm going to have to drag myself off to the doctor, no more illusions that &quot;I may be getting better&quot; 
Going to the doctor tomorrow. Think there may be something wrong with my gall bladder or I may have an ulcer. Idkk we'll see tomorrow. 
@christine_sc  Think I got that swiney...
@pandamachinne oh no! Think about kittens! 
Think I've got hayfever 
has a sore throat and a major cough, Think I may be dying 
My budgie Aderwyn died last night   Think he was bitten by somethin during the day as he was fine when he was on my shoulder in the mornin
On the road again. Think I'm gonna be sick. 
Think I'm getting a cold  bad times! x
@igwarrender  well its upset me even though i knew it was coming via the trailers  Think he comes back in someone elses body or something
Think I feel a headache comming on 
@ruthibelle not sure you could help with this one. Its actually a website I'm building for a client. Think I set the deadline too tight 
Think I'm gonna take the kitty to the vet tomorrow. He seems very sick when I went to check on him again. 
@roycheong1 It was fabulous! Think I am gonna miss it badly when I come back to sg. 
Really sick  again!! Think it's strep throat again!!
5.30am is too early to be out of bed and catching train at 6.08am  Think somebody glued my eyes shut while i was asleep!
Oh dear #1 son claiming to be ill! Think he's avoiding school due to another boy  Not like my boy at all, normally he adores school!
I feel so disapointed now  Think I may go make some eggs and get ready for work, guess i'll have to wait 
In bed ill  Think I'm going to twitter all day  peace&amp;love
No responses  oh well. Think I'll have lunch now (Y) ~x
Think i got the wrong train  nearly sure they said it's heading till germany :s  http://twitpic.com/7m2u4
@brumbearskin Don't think you mentioned that!  Think of me at the vets 
http://twitpic.com/7mdy2  Think I miss my mac much?  I tried my best to recreate my home desktop on this WinXp machine.  I failed 
@_davina_ turtle didn't make it  got poorly and died.  Think we're only doing bmth u?
trying out twibble. Think it sux 
Think that is a little rude 
I'm so damn tired   Think I go to bed very early, again.
@katchoc Got aching kidneys, A sore head and a sore stomach. Think i'm dehidrated or something, I don't know  xx.
@xconway I couldn't agree more, hehe! I'm tired  And it's really humid. Think a storm is coming! How are you?
starting a new diet/fitness plan tomorrow, it's gonna be rough. Starts with a 2 day fast. Think of me tomorrow while you eat 
tho I've recovered from last night I still feel sick. Think I caught my daughters cold. Being sick sucks, also means I can't sing today 
08:44 ans still awake. Think sleep may have to wait till tomorrow 
@sampad ah read it! Think - nothing - need the $$ (remember resession times) sadly I cant participate 
Think my laptop finally died.  any recommendations on what I should buy for $1500 - $2000?
Think my guest airbed has sprung a leak, keeps deflating. Grrrmph 
I got the text from 1010 saying that its on its way and I didn't even send a text to it! Think my mms might work but no way to check. 
Think I've lost my effiel tower off my charm bracelet. Almost in tears 
@crystalchappell have you given @tinasloan tweeting lessons ye?.  Think she still needs help....we want replies from her....so far none  
Think i killed a butterfly with my car 
tired to my bones, but hot mess, I have a real job now. Think I'll pass out and do it all again tomorrow. I feel like an adult now 
@charlestlee too long for an rt.  Think you can resend with a shortened url?
Feeling yucky tonight. Think lil boy is too. 
Dying some hair for a set of bangs right now.  Think I'm gonna go to bed when I'm done.. I don't feel well 
@untangle I went out to dinner last night and I wish I'd held off eating during the day beforehand! Think I overdid it  Lovely food though
In bed now. Think im sick 
Think I pulled something at the gym last night; my left shoulder is *killing* me 
Think I'll blast out common dreads whilst getting ready for today, at this rate looks like I'm going to town alone! 
Think O&amp;R is down again   #aceisancient
Think I might of had to much to eat at lunch not feeling good 
@stephsmith  we got other shows going and she has a busy life.  Think buffy and angel may end up a tragic sacrifice 
Think someone has sharted themselves on this train! 
Think I've used up all of my real followers in two followfriday tweets  maybe I should start socialising on the social network site?
Think I'm addicted to the honey buns in vending machine @ work! 
Think I'm getting sick 
@sexpensive she barely talks to me too. Think she just been busy with work, hair and calling hubby a dick 
@vegasgirl4704 miss you too! Think I'm leaving the compound now 
Aaaaaaand the answer iss..................NO!  Think that I'll stay dreaming with they clother for some time  meybe some looong time! 
Think she's mad at me  Wtf did i do?
Think I'm getting sick. 
Think I spent the whole night on my thumb cause it really aches today 
Think my face is sunburned 
still dosn't know what to do tonight. Not in the mood at all  Think I'll have brew then decide!!!
@Llubyloo Think was when it all went pear shaped 
Think I'm immersing myself in all things technological because politics is wearying me so. Not good. 
Think I'm sick 
Think imma take a shower now, after sleep all fucking day. Yes, im pretty fucking lazy 
Think I'm catching a cold. 
spent half the day fixing his xbox.  Think it's good, but afraid to stress it 
@wickdaman ah well I hope that you're feeling better soon, btw are you back on wow yet? Think we might be leaving, just no interest in it 
Think about them selfs all the time 
Think my exercise teacher may have a girlfriend.  I am heartbroken.  
@phillydesign I really meant more good for my wallet and my dieting goal. Think that I may have consumed combos last night 
I feel feverish..  I don't wanna be sick.. Think positive, think positive.
@MidgetheMutt Think they may have disappeared. 
Think tonight could be a late one! 
Still sick  dun wanna go to work. Think I have an ear infection
Think it might be about time to separate my work and personal facebook profiles. I can't be on 24 hour &quot;untag watch&quot;   
Think today has been the shittest day known to man!!! Whyyyy did I agree to 2 hours overtime  back to work......
Think I'm still gonna be working when Christian gets home 
Trying out a whole bunch of new (to me) podcasts, shout outs for those that please me later. Think I've overdone the sun too,feel queasy 
am tired and sleepy but bloated too.  Think bed is in order and some indigestion tablets.
Think I might finally be able to sleep more than 4hours tonight, slept like crap recently 
Think I'm going to have another sleepless night 
Think my shoes need oiling. They keep squeeking when I walk 
Think the family is at an all time low, sickness, broken bones, fever.  http://yfrog.com/e8vy3j
Just filled an email with work words I hoped I'd never be dull enough to use  Think I've been here too long.
I feel so ill  Think it's all because of my tooth 
Think I'm going to have to go to a doctor today, shoulder is killing me, and it's my spanking arm 
Moving sucks hardcore.   Think im gonna go dye my hair...
Sitting in the sun with my laptop! Think I'll listento this weeks joypod as I missed it!!  perfect!!
@mattyza Thanks. wp e-commerce is very buggy. Think i'll do the custom thing. Now to find the time 
Yay for a pretty day!! Think I'll study outside all day 
@LeeCarus Think of the money you save on hair products, they're a dear do. That's why I rock the short hair baldy look, fiscal reasons! 
@jenn_if_er Think how much cooler you'll feel without it!  
@billiepiper Just want to wish you luck with the cheese-dreams! Think happy thoughts before bed lol - maybe read a book? 
@brianangelday26 I wish you wouldn't delete it.  Think of the thousands of fans who will miss your tweets.  
Think I have my volume control up to high on these headphones I have almost leapt off my seat twice now! lol Like it loud though! 
@ThePiton: The first two describe the instructor, the third the room.  Think about it. 
@KristiRines great idea! Think I'll do the same! 
Think this is going to be a fantastic day. It's had a great start so far! *dances around* 
@TheTranter yes ... yes it is!! You'll have to get studying before you start work again! Think how much you could get done!! 
@PoisonIvy69 I trying to do too many things last night, so I'd have to back-track lol. Think majority of tweeps had an early night 
@neiltamplin Yes! No wonder it's so expensive! Think you've stumbled on something there! 
my break is coming up. That mean only one lesson back. Finally! Think I will go into class now, to be safe 
rob pattinson's song &quot;Never Think&quot; is awesome.. 
@apmckeown I've just woken up. Think I needed the sleep 
@garry1bowie I know i am - i didnt get to bed till 4.30 am!!! Think i need another large coffee and a shower!! What you up to today? 
Think about how you enable others to express their thoughts and feelings - learn to connect 
Think I am going on a picture-taking walk. That will be a fun morning activity before I crack open the books 
Think I have nearly killed this flu ... lots of red wine and essential oils.. starting to feel human again 
@alasmylove22 and you are quite right to do so  was a shocking fight for hatton! Think he should consider hanging up the gloves now!!
Sitting by the kids door waiting for them to go to sleep...Think they might be, but am I game to move? 
@lucypaw @msmoss @missnixs Think the going rate is 2 per digit, but maybe you could get a 2-for-1 dealy? 
@frindley I'm having second thoughts about autopneumotrombics. Think maybe it should be pneumautotrombics. 
@keeponrunning Think I ran too much too confused. Here is the correct award and you can keep the other too.  http://bit.ly/wDxHK
Think I'll go enjoy the sun's rays again...I LOVE being off work 
T-bone's gone to sleep... Think we're gonna join him 
@slicksean I'd love that. And, don't think of it as easy. Think of it as enthusiastic. 
@mromairi They paid you to go? Think before voting, each vote counts 
@nikicheong Think that is decent time... 
@tealou um... Think breast feeding and cuddles count 
@pirateaustin i'm ok. Think i'm gonna go to the pub. 
@thehypercube I'm currently slowly working on a full leg piece.. Think new-age alice in wonderland flora and fauna. 
@Chasejarvis : I can arrange everything for u, hotel and so on.. Think about it 
@webdesigngirl It's not as amusing as it seems. Think i need to buy some tissues! 
@Sarcasmoo @butadream Think it's back up now 
R&amp;R   Think what you will...    
@BadBoyOfEditing true. Think that's a symptom of a deeper problem 
Remember - your thoughts of today create your future. Think positive thoughts on how you can accomplish anything - and you will! 
@goodlaura I apply the same logic to my parenting as well. Think like them to outsmart them 
Think of music as an audio hug  (via @DarkPiano)
I don't think you're beautiful.... Think you're beyond it 
Think I gained another 5 pds..grr..getting fatter with each thought. 
@4togsblog fantastic project that - going to sign up!  Think I need a proper challenge  xxx
Just got home, god it's hot out there!.Think im going to catch up on some reading 
Think I'll plug into the mp3 and sit at the torch while the girls are at school this afternoon 
@robertmurray just the thought that BUU is going to there next week the whole town trembles. Think wild wild west 
Think @nuttychris has abducted everyone again.is there anybody there? lol 
@Sarahbelle1414 ha ha! For you it'b 15$ and 2 cookies! Think about it when you want a makeover! 
@billzucker I sure did, loved the video.  Think I favorited it too!  It is great! 
@lonemat go take a nap. Think I'm gonna pack it in myself in a few 
@jtimberlake u should check out @MGiraudOfficial  I Think you may find he is a bit like you music wise
Trying to take a day off today. Think I've been overdoing it a little since my operation. And it's sunny... 
Think I will get up in a mo 
@leenkwan Don't feel sad! *hugzzz* Think happily of all the money you save on rent 
@knitster singer?!? I was ballet. Think we aren't supposed to be friends 
Just got home. It was really nice! Think I'm gonna take a shower in a bit and then gonna make myself ready for tonight. Partyyyyy! Yay 
Think I have twitted more tonight then any other day that I have been on here.. wth is wrong with me.. it's an addiction night.. 
@spurofmoment @rhettroberts We do what we can to keep things interesting!   Think of us like superheroes... #homoheroes
Think I'll work on that math problem again...I think the solution is going to contain some imaginary numbers 
Mmk i lied. But if you could sell your soul to the devil, what would you want in return? Think about it. 
I'm starving.Think it's time for a little breakfast 
