Most common words for this cluster:
[('think', 251), ('thinking', 83), ('talk', 79), ('i', 37), ('today', 33), ('imagine', 29), ('quot', 21), ('night', 21), ('amp', 21), ('day', 21), ('work', 20), ('time', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Think', 0.9522384405136108), (u'Thinking', 0.7281575202941895), (u'Forget', 0.6765860915184021), (u'Talk', 0.6467165946960449), (u'Sam_Seboe_column', 0.6385483741760254), (u'Remember', 0.6326661109924316), (u'Sequoia_Wanek', 0.6274567246437073), (u'Imagine', 0.6209495663642883), (u'Consider', 0.6158812046051025), (u'Really', 0.6028152108192444)]





Off to work. Almost dead. Its going to be a bad bad day  I can just tell.  Think of me whilst youre tucked up in bed sipping tea!
Traffic to coachella is a biatch. Think we'll miss joss stone 
@iPhoneDeck Forget that blank post -- clicked the wrong button 
Little Chuck just died. Think he got too chilled when the heating pad auto shut off while we were gone.   goodbye little guy
@jessicastrust tooth fairy doesn't exist here  Instead they have a little rat called 'Ratoncito Perez'. Think I might have to bypass &gt;&gt;
@VioletsCRUK Think i mitev ruined any chance of sunshine here. Left shorts out last night 2 wear 2day. Usually kiss of death 2 sunshine! 
ARGHHHH...have misplaced my latest draft of the comedy show Ive been writing!!!!!! Think I need a break 
I'm worried that developers are going to start using push notifications as ads. Imagine suddenly an ad pops up while typing an email. 
@mrsmop ooh. Thinking if you tomorrow. It's pure torture isn't it. 
Bah! Think I need a holiday 
Think i'll get off that mafia wars on Facebook its nothing but trouble!!!!! Well that and i hav no money!!!!! 
@brooklyn_belle I might be.  Talk me out of it later, ok? I am depending on you!!
@wearethecure I am so sorry for your loss   Thinking of you..
Think good thoughts for Brutus this morning. We had to leave him with the vet for tests. 
@babyexpat Think its a good example of how The Nation is quick to role over for whoever is in power. No crusading journalism there 
Other models are making me feel short. Imagine... 
can't sleep  Thinking about my busy week and FTM this week as well!
Stay calm, staaaay caaalm!  ...this day is awful!  Imagine beginning your day with approx 20 fees type up and send out argghh!! crappy! 
@jambrown77 that is so selfish. Think of us poor people in work.  Have a good one bro!
@chrisrhoden hope it's the cable. Thinking it's the video card. 
Just talked to the man.  He's gone to sleep.   I miss him so much.  I need him here so badly.    Thinking of going to bed myself.
Talk about blow up mah head..  thingz jus get so hard sumtymz but all u can do is pray n be strong..
@comeagainjen  Try counting sheep. No -don't. It never worked for me. Think of an animal that starts with every letter of the alphabet!
@susannahewitt It's pretty.  Expensive though.  Think I'll be needing a summer job  Fancy guitar lessons?
Think I'm going to go with DreamHost for hosting the site. Seem to have plenty of good deals. Haven't thought of a domain name yet. 
Think I've got a cold   Doing Social Studies for exam tomorrow  x2
is going to try to get some sleep... not tired yet... hope sleep comes fast because I will be up again in a few  Think Sleepy Thoughts 
Lost first match. Throwing up. . Think Trenton is sick 
Well damn. Think my ankle is sprained 
Imagine seeing a cute girl then when you ask for her name she sounds like a chain smoker old man... that is me  I hate being sick!
@nathanryder WIll be going to bed soon.  Couldn't sleep last night   Think I was supposed to be helping Kate move furniture!
@Aziraphael666 Think I'm going to have to skip this week too  Damn uni work. Feel free to come to my house and drag me there next week!
@juneshindesigns  I am a very jealous girl. Think trashy Chinese near CNN in my future. Blargh.
21k race at the Fort yesterday was poorly organized and was hands down my toughest race of the year. Imagine, we started at 6 am??? 
Hmmm... Thinking of reading more Byzantine History. Find it fascinating, but my Greek needs some SERIOUS work. 
@markovitch nah, pretty blah abt Champs league final - my team blew it  Thinking abt the tennis, the cricket &amp; next season's football.
@Robskeez Uummm... YUMMM! Think we juz gon get Pizza's got another meeting 2nitez 
Think I overheard who got voted off AI on my way to room to watch it after being so careful not to get on internet or fb!   we'll see!
Think I eat something bad! Feeling sooooo sick.....BLAHHHH 
Why are there stupid birds being hella Loud in the trees? it's freaking midnight! Think someone should tell them, but I don't speak bird 
Think I may be getting RSI in my wrists   Any idea how to prevent it from getting worse?
@jbmorley got the update out today..fingers crossed another blip. Thinking of openfient integration for greater exposure (but it costs  )
Think.. Think... This paper is due Sunday 
Cold! Thinking about sitting in bed under lots of blankets and watching tv or writing. I just can't get warm. 
Worked my butt off at the LB today.  Think I'll close my night with some #NKTOB twitter pics.  It's almost like being there... almost 
Is at work and sad she left her phone at home  Talk to me...bored.
Our 1st contest entry http://uncouthgourmands.com/contest/! Thinking that no one wants to go out with us-even with a free meal included 
Ran 13.1 km, stopped at Starbucks for a vanilla latte, but the lady forgot to put the vanilla in  . Think I should go back and get some.
@Hutchlou Think I'll have to try Cocoa...  single bed in digs! ha!  Thanks though ;) x
And just like that another CanGames has come and gone.  Thinking now of next year and what to run.
@loopyginee Forget pencil sharpeners...I can't find my motivation to finish these notes!  
Son stepped on nail yesterday.   Waiting for dr's ofc to call back. Think it's okay, but still checking.
The vacation is nearly at an end, time to head back for home.  Talk at everyone then!
@tommcfly Bummer you have to wait a year  Think on the plus side. You get to see him for one lasttime before he retiries  Be amazing xxx
Starting a mini-cleanse today!!! Seasalt water it issss now  Talk to you in 4-5 hours, when I can leave the toilet again lol
Reading really bad reviews for T4.     Think I'll just cuddle up with T1&amp;2 and pretend 3&amp;4 never happened.
Feeling sleepy and sitting at work. Thinking about how I want to just do nothing for a whole week. I would be amazing to have a vacation 
Think I am getting sick. Throat hurts, got a cough. 
 I can't go to sleep. Thinking about too much stuff.
Think either to get the clk or the charger  Car shopping is not fun
Home bored. Thinking of what to do with life. 
@munzee the 14-24 is definitely going... sold the 70-200 and 200F2 is  too HEAVY  Think I'll get away with the 50/85? #Twedding
@keheliya Forget completely abt uploading the assignemtn.   Only remmebered cos of ur twit.
@GarethCliff my heart hurts for them. Imagine how shit their skin will be when they're twenty from all the stuff they smeer on it. shame 
@unmarketing Fun idea. But, if we saw how clothing would really look on the slouchy, would we buy? Think not.   People R buying the dream.
@Xulap Consider yourself lucky.  It hasn't rained here in ages.   It's depressing.
@LisaTalkingTots So sorry to hear your terrible news   Thinking of you all x
At work...Thinking about things when I should be working 
Sorting tickets, making good money. Thinking that I don't have anyone to go out with and spend, makes me sad. 
@daLoved1 Think they will have me for dinner if I get the job??  LOL!  I know NO ONE in Texas 
Trying to fall asleep. Cuddling teddy and renh renh. Thinking about where @stephvinc is. Worried. Call me at home if you are this bane. 
Think I've found something worse than packing. Unpacking 
Ow! Think I've trapped a nerve or pulled a muscle in my shoulder! 
Is up and drinking coffee. Think I am only riding the horse today wahhh. Neck really sore not compatible with the 848 today for a ride 
I really ache. Think I might have overdone the gym today  Laying on the sofa in the sun to make up for it!
Driving up to fontana now. Talk about the most boring two hours of my life. 
@BellsCullen__ Wanna come hunting ... I feel I need to ... -runs off- Think you can catch me?! ((ooc: my hand is hurting  bbl)
@GypsySha Think all is ok with laptop now. Were any of my direct messages getting through.? Sent heaps earlier to everyone. No responses 
@asplendidaffair congrats on the grad and so sorry to hear about your mom! Thinking of you and yours 
Just met an amazingly hot cougar !! And she was having issuses with her husband cheating! Talk about temptation!!! 
Talk about a hot weekend. I basically slept all day today. 
Think I may have to go out this aft' after all - Drilling, hammering n banging started up next door again 
Sunrise was early. Now it's glaring through my bedroom window &amp; I can't get back to sleep.  Think I have to move to the other room.
Ow. Think ive sprained my ankle  lool Sucks.
@tristanervin  Ad and I were at Target, saw a large woman sporting camel toe's ugly sister...moose knuckle. Think about that.  
another succesful BBQ ... i got it right sussed now! Think i scorched my belly (again) standing to close to it  So nearly sussed xD
@gina_pina_14 twitfail. To top it off, I missed the 1st half bc my drunk hungover ass slept through my alarm  Talk about failure!
Think we ate dodgy burgers today. Daughter feels sick and I have dicky tummy. Clearly a case of the cows fighting back 
There are two other ppl in this ultimate conditioning class... Talk about a free personal training session,but the instructor is like 50 
Think my eyesight is fcked. Someone at DZ gig held strobe right in front of my face whilst was photographing. Still got shimmery effect 
 I'm gonna smile like nothing's wrong.Talk like everything's perfect ,Act like its just a dream.And pretend its not hurting me..
@BioHazard655 Forget em  What's the legality of noise pollution? How loud are you allowed to be legally? You should research it.
Freaking out, why can people not reply to party invites ? So far had ONE out of about 30 say coming . Thinking will have to cancel 
@endlessblush i know *teeth chattering*. Think i over did the working out last week.   Bummer.
@scottrmcgrew better to be safe. Imagine all your hard work just vanishing for no apparent reason. 
@JodieNicholson that's actually WHY i;m awake. Dh has the kicky leg thing this (very) early morning. Thinking of skipping my show today 
Uugh  ...  school time ...again  Raining outside ( Thinking of life passing by (( *depression*... I better go 
Getting ready to leave for three 12's in a row  Thinking about having a garage sale to support our summer plans.
Now it all makes sense: I am actually ugly  Talk about delusion.
Arg. Thinking about grad school &amp; perhaps finding a degree to do online since I'm too transitory to stay in one place 
Feeling pretty crappy this morning. Thinking about calling in from work. 
@astynes Yeh I dunno what I'm going to do...  Think Josh has been buggering around with my dvds. 
@justG and maybe I need to finish reading updates *before* I respond. Think I'd have learned that yesterday 
Think I might have fucked the screws keeping two hard drives in their cases. Fuck. 
@Lucky_you33 Think of us office workers stuck indoors. It sucks 
@Orchidflower Mmmmmm yes, thanks. Think the sour cream was off although hard to tell 
 Talk about being awakened onn the wrong side of the bed.
@Luna69 Think my retort sounded better. 
@disil429 I just hope they at least find the plane soon. Imagine being a relative or friend and not knowing 
Think I'll be picking up the new Final Fantasy game. Looks nice! Spring 2010, though? Ugh.  #E3 #XboxE3
Think my throat is sore from too many prez, felt good after day off yesterday but back to feeling spicy  Course if I get sick I was wrong
Think I'm getting sick too  ... No time to be ill...this can't be happening! UGH!
@JonathanRKnight Imagine how sad it will be for all of us! 
OMW, i can't keep my eyes open, and feel drained. Think I might have to go to the doc 
@Bow3n  ok still nice to have new clothes,oh&amp;if get ordained/officialised,can i 'marry' u both?Think of me as ur own Joey Tribiani!
Just getting up. Thinking I should get on treadmill but not sure I am going to get that to happen. 
WoodsieGirl: Trying to organise my #sla2009 schedule. Think I'm getting a headache 
Think I need to learn Java 
@LindaObele @crisch They all have goofy names, too. Too chicken to be real. Imagine the sad lives they lead if this makes them feel good. 
#e3 Erm, is that the end of the Nintendo conference? Think have just watched them throw away competitive advantage over the 2008/09 E3's 
Tweets help i cant sleep.  malem ini campaknya bikin gateeeel2 bgttt the worst deh. Gatel in every parts of my body ! Imagine that !!
I felt pity to my brother, that's why i'm crying! Thinking why is he like that to us! He's just human not devil!  i hopeGod wil help him!
@tommcfly That sucks! Wish I could go and see him!  Think they're sold out now...is he even coming to Cardiff?? xx
@EmmaVSlade love you silly! Talk to you when I'm home gotta drive to kent at 8.30  I also have a summer cold
I cant sleep, Thinking about her too much 
Damn my back hurts. Think I've done something serious 
@joannasaw I am too  Think it might be something in the air today. I want to go shopping. Specifically, to yours! Coveting pretty things.
Think slept too much yesterday. Up real early today  Getting jump start on some new projects &amp; getting invoice to client.
Worried about the lion  my poor little yellow sick kitty!  Vet @ 5:30. Think healthy thoughts!
@courtney_s I know, I am SO GLAD that that shit didn't exist when I was a teen!  Imagine the permanent record of stupid decisions!! 
Ah, finally home. Had a nice shower but now have to learn for History  Think I'll learn in front of the PC so it won't be that boring 
Worried about my job. Think it's time for another job search. 
@twiga6 weather been gorgeous in Swindon today! Think bad weather is on it's way tho. 
Erm, i never made that last post?! Think my twitter account's been compromised! 
@joshbates well that isn't going to happen now  Think robot Kate will win now!
Sore throat. Think I'm getting sick 
@ChampagneRDub Trust me. I know. When I left for college my bro was 8 years old. Talk about tough! I missed him SO much &amp; now he's a man. 
*tweets from coffin* Sure is borin' in these coffins. Think I'll go back to sleep now... really missin' @HoytFortenberry 
@QuipsAndTips Not this week. Think I only posted once on each blog. The examiner site has nothing new.  Extra tired this week.
@DonnieWahlberg I missed them last night  but there for the most important part (at least to me) THE BLOCK! Think Full Service is new fav!
NO kids. Quiet house. Beautiful evening. Think I'm gonna go outside with a drink and soak it all up. Wish I were in the house already. 
@michaelseater At least you're not studying for finals. Consider yourself lucky. 
is home form hangin out with a friend. Now it's time to attempt to sleep. Not sure how that will go.... Thinking about to many things. 
Dead day is boring. Think i might start studying. 
Morning! Was going to go for a run but its horrible outside. Outdoor summer concerts start tomorrow - Yikes! Think I'll need my wellies! 
@thewinesleuth sorry to hear this happened to you    Consider it an occasion to treat yourself extra special
Well it's stopped raining. Luvly lunch. Shame I was sick after  Think the irish coffee was a step too far!
i'm home alone. Thinking about singing karaoke a little.. But that's so boring when you're alonee... 
Had a great run with the dog.She only tried to take me out once! Beautiful day! Think i'm gonna head to the beach later..i'm missing home 
@lindsayc89 ben won't believe me, he's convinced Margret will never leave nick  sadly it's happened! Think he's been seeing someone else!!
@HelenLeathers how'd the dancing go? Think I missed you. Shame about the weather and poor turnout 
@djhollaback no one takes me seriously!!!!! And clearly u r not either. Forget it 
Think i might have to go to Wal-mart    -   I despise Wal-mart...... 
Think someone in the hotel is hammering the bandiwdth on the WiFi.  Everything's running at dial up speed.
@LampshadeJungle I'm sorry to hear that  Thinking of trying other options? lol..dogs are kids too (they're easier to raise) lol i have 2
@tommcly. Talk to me, please 
sod it, going to unjailbreak my iphone, tired of the speed compromise. Think I will really miss 5-row keyboard though  Bring on 3.0!
@CiaraRenee Imagine how I feel  at least u home chillin LOL
Not feeling very well tonight. Awful head ache that's actually making me nauseous. Think I'll give in &amp; take something &amp; go 2 bed.....  
Think I just crashed my VM 
Still can't sleep... Thinking alot 
Forget about me. 
Another sunny morning! Shame I have to spend today writing code  indoors  Think I'll have to sneak an hour or two outside.
Awake   Think I got a little sunburned yesterday. And I will never learn to re-apply chapstick. #2g1k
At work since 8am. It sucks. Think'll be here ages. Too much to do 
Weekend is over and I'm so tired  Think I'll go to bed very early today...
Last day of dogsitting  Lola was a BIG hit at afterhours. Think my mom will miss her if I keep her forever?
Wtf, drink water still no cure   Forget it, not gonna get my supper in anyway.
Got tooth ache. Think my wisdom tooth is coming through 
...Pissed off than you can imagine. Think we came to Chile and lost fans! Worth the flight! Awesome. 
@danielleSmile ohhh. Think I read too fast lol. Well prayers to her  hope everything goes well. http://myloc.me/2Z9M
Uh oh...Think this may be over 
I am calling it a night. Think I'll start reading a book... (gasp) Lets see, the last one I read was Breaking Dawn, like 8 months ago. 
@intrepidteacher Thinking of you and your family as I watch the news 
Think I only got about 4 hours sleep last night. Meh 
Imagine having your election stolen, ballots burned, results are lies, then you plan a protest &amp; rumors are it's not a &quot;legal&quot; protest. 
Argh! Dreading Weigh in tonight. Think I have put on 1.5lbs. 
Think I might have to bring my Wacom tablet to the office.  Only been here a 1/2 hour &amp; I can already feel the strain 
@kel_mul Phew! Crying alot. Think it's 1st time I'm not put off babies by it! 4got to get Lemsips at Tescos yest!! So stupid! 
@JerryAZ      Talk to you soon.
Think we will hit the beach today. We enjoyed the day by the pool yesterday even though Lexi's phone ended up in it!  I love my family!!
Ehm, I think I'm a bit to slow, Think the concert is over! 
@LisaAucoin just had a tooth shatter last night  Nothing new otherwise. Loving the summer schedule lol Talk soon!!
Trying to attract an agent.  Thinking latest tactic, doing hair and makeup before sitting in front of computer, won't work 
Awake... laundry, and then a movie tonight... Think I've seen everything, but I guess I'll find something. Another bad dream last night 
Talk about one trick wonders - an electronic wine opener?! 
I was given a list of questions to ask all guys  I date from jeff, Think Daria is mad that I asked soem of them 
@stbalkcom Have you heard from Amy lately?  Think we lost one of our Group K tweeters. 
My back is fucking killing me in pain. Alone at my aunts house, without the baby  Thinking how &quot;thesaurus&quot; sounds like a dinosaur.
Think I Managed It But Dont Think They'lll Message me Back  xox
@blueslady26 oh no dont know who they are but &quot;inspectors&quot; sounds nasty lol. Hubby v good he understands! Think its my exhaust thats gone 
My phone is broken  Talk to me on here or myspace
Think I'm going to have to get my hair cropped. I've been growing it since 03 and it's going to be a real wrench. Gutted. 
@brookehaskins i've got a headache today  boo. Think i was gritting my teeth all night. Apart from that all is good. You?
Herbs are all still surviving three days in. That's something of a record for me. Think the snails will get them soon though 
Think I'm going to indulge in some Paper Tossing, then bed. 
@pxichk    I'm sorry hon.  Thinking of you and sending warm hugs.
@austinheap #iranelection Think about TOR www.torproject.org also. Encryption &amp; anonymity &gt; proxy. Not for mobiles though 
I'm so ill right now, I'm rocking back and forth. Imagine butterflies in stomach, wont' go away, and inability to eat anything, or stand. 
Damn, 4,252 txt messages between me &amp;&amp; my hunnie alone!! Think we broke some type of record shit lol ahh man I miss him already 
Shit... I booked my return ticket for 19th thinking that headstartsummer is on 19th.. Talk of bad timing sense.. 
Still haven't been able to sleep. Thinking I should maybe go to the hospital soon  help
Think I just fixed my sticking home button...with a piece of blutack. Nuts! There goes my excuse to get a 3GS. 
@thejameshunter I'm on T-Mobile, pretty good network. Think i'm gonna give 2night a miss, am sat at my desk sipping a lemsip 
Talk about depressing dreams. Although probably accurate about my future 
Talk please imso boredd 
On my way to school... Thinking I may have done something wrong...   - http://bkite.com/08yRb
Hedgehog prints...http://twitpic.com/7jj3c Think I may have blocked my screen tho 
@Tasharri Bonnet. Hmm, let me go get that now cuz I got frm under here n it still aint dry. Think I didn't mix my setting lotion right 
I don't want to do anything today.. Talk about studying and a meeting  blah.
@4goggas TMNE09 already full I'm afraid  Where are you again? Think a NW one coming up soon.
Think I'm gonna have to ring Telstra but they seriously suck 
Talk about a migraine...yeesh. 
@_beck_ Thanks, Beck. Was looking forward to IDQ Think Tank and Bubble &amp; Speak tomorrow but out of the question now 
Got half an hour of nothiness. Think i might put ma head on the table and have a nap cause i feel ill! 
 I'm all alone on ere peeps! Talk to meeee x http://myloc.me/484V
My eyes won't focus, wish I could go back to bed   Talk to yall after 1pm when I get home.
It's now 13:30 and no iPhone 3.0  Talk about keeping us waiting!! Grrrr.....
@aspo1 gonna go grab something myself (food that is) and get dressed. Think I'll put oil on...cold  Chat when ur back ;)
@Jinnnnny they are but i was born in canada. Imagine, they didn't make an effort to make me learn korean! chengpi. 
@tubbsmcguire You'd have to cook the fuckers for three hours to get them cooked. Imagine how grim the outsides would be by then - shudder 
Talk to meeeeeee   heater is making me sleepy.
@workingmoms We're hoping he works part time. He doesn't want to do sports camp  Think he plans to spend too much time just hangin. TY!!!
Forgot to take bins out before left for work this morning. Think @aliCM is going to make me sleep outside with them 
Was havin a good day... But now The Break-Up is on TBS... Chicago, aniston the look a like...   Think i'll go for a walk...
@MizzWorthy   Thinking of you both x x huge hugs x
@djdeks - at santee alley. Talk about nostalgia lol. We used to by this place out at 17 and 18 now I can barely buy a pair of shoes 
I am at work  Thinking about how much i have to do when i get home!
Hmmmm...thunder and lighting with a green backdrop, I am thinking massive t-storm with possible tornado.  Think I better power down 
Talk to me plz!! 
Think I made a mistake, twitterfeed wasn't showing all the feeds, as impulsive as I was I deleted peeps. Sorry ur welcome back. 
Hmm... Think we downloaded one too many torrents. @riznphnx you might want to forget that link I gave you. We have no internets. 
Just got off the phone with Master. Think its time to get some of my assignments from Master done. I have been pretty lax in that area 
@Bluesonicc yeppers! So ur hella sore already?! Imagine 2morow..... 
I dont Understand this whole twitter thing 
@oolix: Consider yourself lucky, I've woke up two days in a row at 5.30 
Think the squirrel is back! Can hear it in my attic!  Walking really slowly tho, like he's tired or carrying some heavy shopping
Think I'm #TFC bad luck. Four of the five Reds I met last summer are no longer Reds. 
Also, am I the only one annoyed by all the squarespace (and no, I won't hashtag that...) spam? Imagine if more start using the same idea. 
I'm chillin' at home. Bored off my ass. Looking at the weather outside. Think I'm going to get soaked when I go to work. 
Is it the weekend yet? I'm ready to leave for the day and take tomorrow off.  Wonder if I could actually get away with that? Thinking not 
Sitting in the rain  Thinking of calling him..
Daughter found a bat &amp; baby bat on side of our house earlier today.  How weird!!   Think they were sick, as baby died  then mom was gone.
At work bored. Thinking about what the heck I'm going to do tonight! Tuesdays and thursdays are the wackest in lansing 
There are more tweets about the iphone update than iranian election tonight. Forget freedom! 
Just got back from a hard workout...now I'm all Sweaty and sticky   Think I'll jump in the shower!
@drinosaur It's SO awesome!!! Seriously, I'm missing it as hell.  Think I'll watch all over again, since season 1
Blah.. Stuck in stand-still traffic on 51. Think theres an accident 
Forget about me. 
Just got home from dance. Thinking heavily. Never good 
Talk about vengence 
Akshully creating some playlists on iTunes (never did b4). So far I haz:  and &gt; and &lt;3    Think it means somefink?
@yokoono isn't following me anymore. Talk about breaking my heart. Such a huge fan, and I love her so much. 
@shellistevens  Hang in there Shelli. Thinking of you. hugs.
Think I may have missed @amandapalmer tickets. In LONDON. Boo 
@youbeautyclare Throat-based woes  Think I'll be ok for tonight then serious r&amp;r is needed.
@brentrinehart Consider this message your virtual rain check. I really thought I'd have played at least one round at this point, but no. 
@christianevejlo Forget it - been there not done that - there is a workaround that @larskjensen told me about - but never got it to work 
At practice.. Think im gonna here some bad news today... Kinda nervous 
Think I tore the skin on the right side of my nape when I got hair caught in the jewlery last night!  Sore.
Mmm.. Laptop playing up and can't patch as stupid IT policy prevents me from patching  Think I will just blow the HDD and start again 
@iloveapples84 don't start till 9... Only 8:15 ATM. Think I'll be late to work tho. 
I'm on my way home with my crippled foot. Think I may need an x-ray   and I got a damn Sweet 16 tomorrow...FML!
@Ellen_Stafford Aww  Think of the lovely time we had last week, make you feel better ;) x
@Distortedview Forget the videos...  Post the damn show 
Oh well. Forget the phone. It's time to get back to the real world and back to cleaning the house 
It amazes me the effort gone into comparethemeerkat.com . Imagine the fun they had...now remember when you last had that much fun in work 
I open my eyes in shock... Thinking that today is a work day.... I think im too stress with work 
Think I might watch Cass ad it came through post today. Then go today. First making that lovely green tea mmmm mmm 
@rkh_816 No.. he cancelled  .... Thinking bout just watching movies all day 2mrw
I've been MIA from twitter for about two days now and no one missed me. I'm so sad.  Think I'll go read a hot romance to cheer me up.
U-Talk: last year... i was caught cutting classes by my teacher. 
Oh no. Thinking...not a good sign 
Getting tired twitterfam... Think I'll call it a week now.  miss my dumb pup AGAIN. *sigh* g'nite...
@stephenfry You think you've got it hard? Think of the poor Dev team 
What an odd show Oklahoma is! Think I need to see the film cos the stage show didn't fill me with glee! 
is up early for no reason. Thinking bout him and how much I miss him. 
@iMarkyP I did mate. Think I'm going to have to delete backups in iTunes then factory restore all the way from 2 thru to 3.0 
Ouch. Tires for $700 today. Talk about a setback. 
This last week has been exhausting, but amazing. I'm gonna miss singing Consider Yourself every night 
I am sitting here at work with my elderly man watchin t/v I am so bored!  Thinking if I should go out tonight or not!
@agentflair Think u missed 2nd half of Hip show; I could hear them rocking long after I ran into you &amp; the Mister (&amp; random drunk dude!) 
FACT: A snail can sleep for three years! &gt;&gt; Imagine all the great tweets he'd miss 
Think its time for COD, i so want a 3GS 
Talk about worse day ever. A lot of bad things &amp; I had to mop up iced tea that someone spilled while the whole store watched  feeling sick
@ImNickArmstrong Consider it the arrogance and self-protection of those who &quot;are in&quot; already. 
Think I'm getting sick. Have been in bed for most of the day feeling crappy.  Hoping it's the 24 hour kind, gotta work tomorrow.
Imagine that was soo sad  cuutest girl evvvver
Ahh taco salad.. Talk about bomb ass dinner.. I really wanna see my tia estella for some reason.. 
Think I killed my Bonsai tree 
@HappiForever @You_Decide I was thinking that it might be the bearings. No on the two footed driver here. Worried how much repair is. 
@keithkirkwood Really want to see Moon. Think I'm going to have to wait for general release though 
@mrsmegc I'm sorry.  Thinking of you. *hugs*
Think I'm getting sick.  Grrr.
I got mistaken for @zackalltimelow during James' Modcam chat.  Wtf? Think I need to make a new Modlife account....
@veljibear got back and my phone died within minutes. Think I left my charger in Japan  totally worth it... that trip had an EPIC last day
can't shleep.  Thinking too much? #fb
@HotSexyBiscuits Yea I can't sleep! Think I'm gonna be forced to pull an alnighter 
Morning, HUGE lie in. Think I will attempt to go for a run 
Woooahh. Headache. Think I've learnt too much. Why does it always rain on me? 
Think I might had done an oopsie on the way home today - Spotted a Police car hidden behind a bridge and trees when I was overtaking 
Think I might have done an oopsie on the way home today - Spotted a Police car hidden behind a bridge and trees when I was overtaking 
Think I may actually still be drunk... Ace of Spaces taste won't go away  fack
is feeling out of sorts, and doens't want to let anyone down  Think I will though. Bugger!
Think I missed most of #litchat  Will have to read back on what people said/recommended. Awesome topic toady on genre-bending books.
finally just saw Forest gump for the first time ever!!! Think im gonna cry 
About to board @united in KOA. Think I'll wait till I'm seated to cry 
@krissssssstinaa  Talk to me about it.
Opened the pool today! Think matt and I are fighting... 
Think I had a coffee overdose last night. Strange things went bump in the night  NOT NORMAL
Hi all, been a quiet week here.  Think I'm in mourning still  get to watch re-run of last epi tonight tho 
@kpfromthev It's definitely painful. Imagine if someone cut the tip off one of your fingers. It'd hurt! 
Feeling anxious recently. Think it's cos I can't see anything positive happening to me, in the near future. Novel is going nowhere. 
@Princena I think your inet is screwy. Extremely fatigued all of a sudden. Don't feel well.  Think I'm going to nap for a bit.  Hate this.
@TheDailyBlonde Wow. Talk about a short summer.  
stupid A/c quit blowing cold air this afternoon.  Talk about terrible timing 
@qldwriters I won't be there next week  Have a prior engagement. Think I will be protecting Tuesdays with my life from here on in...
Think I'll have an early night. Sooooo cold!!  I hate Winter 
What a bad night of raiding  No hard modes and wiping on bosses that we normally one shot. Talk about fail /cry
@simplecake You left.  Talk later then.
@gibbzer Slight Orcadian burr but no not really. Think that doesn't help. 
Looking at my empty bathroom. Nigel has striped, he's a demolition man. also looking at local paper. Think our house is overpriced 
Morning! Feeling like I might be coming down with something  Think I'll make some soup later.
I hate my life  I need to sleep, catch up on as many downloads as possible then go out. Imagine if I actually had a job or something! xD
Think body still pondering on walk related bashing from weekend. Demanding lots of sleep and grumbling when I attempt exercise 
Watching my kids play at Kulturen, Lund. Thinking about #vacation and work I have to do tonight 
watching I'm A Celebrity... Thinking about last night       ughhhhh!!!!!
Think im getting sick. Headache, tired, trhoat hurts... I dont like this. 
@Edwardslori nah  been too busy. So many things to do and haven't taken the time. Think I'll hit up Starbucks when I step out!
I am doing a study of Think &amp; Grow Rich - Wow - it's amazing how timeless the law of attraction is! So now we're on our 6 step program! 
Think &quot;Silence of the lambs&quot; - and laugh your ass of   http://twurl.nl/854wcg
@ceetee Talk about dedicated service 
@arjankramer True, but then there are relations between the ZCs as well... Think its the same point as @rickmans  
@lstrob but u had a great time &amp; they remembered u. That's more important. Think u scored extra brownie points with JK with that tee! 
@Imagine_This all things good hey! sorry about the sore muscles but body beautiful is painful!  are you well otherwise?
@NextwaveRay THX Think they were stunned by the fact I wove with sewing thread rather than knitting yarn. 
@bantt Thanksss  til going well.  Not gonna stop though. Talk later x
@BZB Thinking of you mate  Having said that - he is not really in that &quot;serious injury&quot; demographic - still a risk but lower
well, I need to go see what other messes I can make today, LOL..... Talk to you all later 
Think I'll go outside, do some meditation and yoga before lunch. Whee! Wishing everyone a wonderful evening! Huge hugs and much love! xox 
To clarify earlier tweet :: You can hear @jonestony on KERA's Think tomorrow - not me  http://bit.ly/9HepT
Looked at the Ninety Degrees apartments today. Loved them! Think we might be movin' in  www.ninetydegreesliving.com
@Mandyjdunn its season 4. Forget episode but lane is on a stage. @jonray the sookie stackhouse books  easy and fun!
@EliseHiggins  same here! Talk with you soon I hope 
so i did an acoustic cover of &quot;Talk Talk&quot; at www.myspace.com/mbazini 
Right, almost time to head off for the day - I love Sundays, particularly after I get my Kids' Talk done 
@AlyRMichalka twitter is confusin @ first but i ? twitterness! Talk 2 ya l8rz 
@funkymum1 So, you are having a nice warm weekend with your granddaughter.  Forget the flooding for a while....
recommends &quot;Thinking Allowed&quot; (which I always hear as &quot;Thinking Aloud&quot;  http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b006qy05
I'm bored... Think I'll make a music video  songs, anyone?
At the uni ahah in the &quot;bistro u&quot;  slept during the past two courses. Thinking about my future death j-16/18 gonna be mad!!!
@GoGee True dude, true!! Think I'll get a health sub instead 
@fudgecrumpet nothing really! Thinking about going for a nice walk later as it's so nice  and yourself?
@memoirgirl I Woke up with your idea in my head. Think it'll really be funny and fun! Every one will laugh! Planning my execution, now... 
Think I will give my Kayak a bath  
@JamesSchramko I was pulling your leg! Thinking of Kerry 
@goneriding24_7 Consider this your warning, I slip into LOLspeak quite regularly! 
@sunnysidesup database drivers that fail more often than they work. Think of it as an Alastiar Darling of the database drivers world 
ok...deep breaths.   Too much in one week to handle.  Thinking happy thoughts!  
@briangoff - Consider yourself followed 
@misstwinkle yey! Thinking I should start a word of mouth affiliate programme  ocado and twinnings, you owe me....
Think it's time for an early night. 1 or 2 eps of Family Guy then bed 
@CieloTequila Talk to me. I've drank lots of tequilas. I'm open though, pitch me, persuade me, send me a bottle. 
Boy, I'm on a Tweeting roll this morning! Better lay off the coffee. Think I'll pry my butt off this chair now and go do something 
Boy, I'm on a Tweeting roll this morning! Better lay off the coffee. Think I'll pry my butt off this chair now and go do something 
Think I'm going to drive up to Belfast tomorrow and do some shopping! yay for the exchange rate 
Is at her cousin kerris! she has a job interview..but first she has to go get me starbucks! hanging around her house. Talk to me 
Talk about Different  I like this one  ? http://blip.fm/~5gqmu
@dinno Talk to your dad about it  its tried and tested method. Thats how I got N82 from mom 
@DavidTsirekas Have you read my bio? It explains everything! Think I will write a book, 'Good hospital guide!' 
Think i was a bit premature with the 'everyone is up early' I was in fact looking at last nights tweets! Duh!!! 
Talk about having your face dislocated! Haha! 
@officialtila I'm up too!!! Talk to me 
I'm hungry ? ... Think that I'm going to make some lunch soon ?   ( Right now it's twelve o'clock in Denmark ) ;p
Think I might go for a walk down the Thames and find somewhere to sit and read for a an hour or so 
Think everyone else in this hotel appears to be going on a coach to a wedding! Shall we crash the wedding? Naaaaa...too comfy here!! 
I'm feeling really good today. I have lots of energy...@djrighteous -You know, You Are What You Think! Thanks for Thinking Positive 
I would love to thank all of my new followers ..I had so many follow I have to write a huge thanks to all. Talk with you all soon. 
http://twitpic.com/4hgaa - Now here's trouble! Talk about a motley bunch of fisherman 
@cavorting You've been busy. Had a full weekend doing great stuff! Love wht u've done for the kids! Think you've earned one. I volunteer! 
I`m back  !  Talk to me . (: I`ve been on re.view.me for like EVER
[Wrong!] @souljaboytellem Forget what they say! Your the twitter king!!!! No one can take your place  http://tinyurl.com/dmkgxg
OK, I'm out early tonight. This was a drive-by tweeting. Talk to you tomorrow, folks. 
@Shayach Yes!More rain please. I think that's why I feel better, See you tomorrow. Think i'm going to need some good sushi for lunch tmrw 
Getting my yearbook tomorrow. Excited to see it.  Thinking bout working on my personal project. ;]
Waiting on laundry to finish so I can go HOME. Think I'll do my nails while I wait 
Going to bed. Talk to ya later!  goodnight birdies LOL
Reading a book instead of revising. Thinking about lunch. Heart rate is 56 bpm... just in case you wanted to know 
is gonna go yoga-ing with a jumbo cup of coffee!!!!! Thinking about it is making her very happy!! 
Talk at you all lates! 
Just had some 100 calorie Shortbread cookies and a handful of popcorn for breakfast. Think that that will give me some energy 
Think i'm going to go down to the lobby in a while to get either Starbucks or.. perhaps some ice cream 
Watching videos on youtube with the bf.  Thinking about going to bed soon.
@joooo No, but Geek Minds Think Alike. 
@pcsketch I am actually wanting to buy a bus one day &amp; turn it into a motor home. Imagine a whopping big BlokesLib logo on it 
@henryandfriends thank for Thinking of us and caring 
can't sleep... Thinking of holidays 
@supergrassfan Cheers John, thanks for following me. Look forward to your twitterings too. Think this'll be a good place for my rants  xxx
lol at britt  laying in bed. Thinking about sleeping but not tired... Not looking forward to tommo.
My latest creation is pudding filled chocolates!  Imagine...your favorite pudding flavor in a chocolate   Making some for a friend now!!
@meyerweb Was wondering... Imagine if someone had asked you about the origins of css 
@melissadba seriously, when I wrote that, other than giving the baby a bath I'd just sat down from it!  Think I did a good job.. (IMHO) 
@JonBurg I don't think that's an exclusive issue relegated to twitter. Think &quot;Joey&quot; vs. &quot;Friends&quot; 
Think I'm wearing the perfect outfit to find a TTD venue ie car wrecking yard - wearing little skirt high heels &amp; tight shirt 
@allisonperkins It happens to the best of us! I'm sorry I missed you last week. I miss you, period  Talk soon.
Loved Ben's method of capturing a photograph on the Apprentice last night. Think I might adopt that same technique from now on 
says AMP. Haha. Talk with me puhlease  http://plurk.com/p/tqgqp
@tomsp Consider it a kind of applause - a comedic bravo if you will. Wikipedia makes it sound snarky though. 
@iantalbot Just saw your reply as I was heading away, Understand that very well 
@twochix1 Right there with you! Talk to you after our naps. 
Think I will go home and kni today  still have a couple cemo caps to make for my BFF
@LesleyChang and he did a great job too. Imagine that 
@heidimontag I just got off of work...not to mention I went in on my day off!  Talk about dedication.  
Think it is time to do some new drawings and maybe write some content for site.Powered up by SEGA music tracks and cereals! 
@Sandwagon good plan! Thinking of doing the same here. 
Still in bed... Thinking about getting up or watching some &quot;Flashpoint&quot; episodes in bed  btw. recommendable tv show!
Baking a cake,...  Thinking of plain with a little bit of chocolate in it! Yummmmmie
Feel asleep with my contact in! Ouch! Just woke up, lady in white is on. Think ill work on some H!D stuff today. 
So this is my first time at church since last month. Woops. Talk to you all after service. 
Random walk, and now I've been invited to not be alone for a while. Think I'm gonna do it, watch him play WoW for a while. 
@alittlebit i know it's silly to worry. Sure it'll be fine in the end. Think i need a little drinky to calm the nerves 
@WeeMagic lol Awk no salad for me...i do like greek salad...not after a night in the piss though. Thinking bout a pasta! 
Think I might switch from the Senseible plan to the Medierranean plan on Sensei 
@Hawlaii No, you will not fail! Be optimistic and it'll be easier  Think of all the gigs!!!
@neonbean Neithe Nicholas nor I have done anything for French tomorrow either. Think it's better to approach it like a potluck 
Think it just might be time to Wii. 
http://twitpic.com/5djp7 - I made it myself, because it was impossible to find a Think Different poster anywhere! 
Night twitter world! Talk to you very soon 
@mattfarrugia Need to go to The Kitchin now to compare. Thinking some point next month.  This is turning out to be a #summeroffood
[Cricket Talk]      GemmaWhite21: is off to play cricket (hopefully)  (via oCricket Talk) .. http://bit.ly/7btNP
@petespencer Cool! Think i've seen that  About blur/oasis ??
Think all the classical #musicmonday is clearing away the memories of Eurovision 
Talk to me? Texties.I'm on mothers phoen tonight  xx
@mparaz C'mon  Consider it your birthday dinner 
[Cricket Talk]      GemmaWhite21: is off to play cricket (hopefully)  (via oCricket Talk) .. http://bit.ly/PmACq
Social networking all about adults? Think again. Here's the cute stuff  http://viigo.im/BZX
@ the office sheltered frm the sweltering Lagos heat writing about e-govenance  Who says it can't work here? &quot;Thinking about Thinking&quot;
is all alone in the office cos everyone's gone on lunch. Talk to me please! 
Home again. Making a plan for the rest of the day. Thinking about having lunch, shower, eating cake and dinner at grandparents 
@traveleverywher That's a good choice. Think I'l have what you're having! 
@JunoniaLTD Felt guilty making my daughter wear a jacket this morning (with her skorts)...  Think happy thoughts and it will be warm 
@NKOTB How about Cabo in 2010? Think about it!  http://myloc.me/15Tc
@Mia322 yeah, am consuming enough to bathe a family of 3. Think that should keep me hydrated 
Think Volvo XC60.....give it a thought when you are looking for your next cross over suv. 
Morning all!  I woke up with http://bit.ly/XT1Tv  in my head today. Think I'm going to blame @brainwise for that!
Currently at work. Thinking about my laptop which is currently in the repairs. But no worries, will be seeing her tml. 
@squishymatter goodnight and sweet dreams to you too! Talk to you later. 
Speaking of coffee, any tweeps working in Suntec area? Thinking about a &quot;Twopi&quot; (kopi) group!! Anyone interested? 
@SarahHorvat btw that's very unusual, agreed! Forget about the ppl who wouldn't know: we're here, unleash yourself! 
@Q_dog @bmoyle T'was a pleasure, sirs! Talk to you tomorrow! 
Degustation menu sounds so pretentious! Thinking of a word for degustation..tough..not that into it..the food will make up for the name 
Blue skies, great weather. Think I'll get out today more 
@LisaDEFG Forget the pictures!? LOL  I stick to reliable sources only! 
Is in Ibizaa  Thinking its roastingg xx
still trying to figure out what possessed me to decide to paint shop out the backgrounds on all web pics??? Talk about fiddly.. 
@djscuba @angusi i think @imcraighorner has a point - if it wasn't for me (when on Talk) would you three even know each other, I wonder? 
@SUAREASY haha yep, that's Manchester for you. Think I might be getting wet in the queue later on. Gona be a wicked show, catch ya later 
installing Multiply's AutoUploader for faster photo sharing  Wait chicks!
Multitouch Barcelona - Hi, a real human interface. http://is.gd/Cmta  Think Microsoft Surface meets a guy in a box 
Hey Tweeties. Talk to me or I won't follow you!  xx
@Human_person Consider it done 
Think Positive &amp; Positivity Will Always Think Of You   #FB
@trishie lol!! @emmanuelcarr @christy7840 Think we r goin' latin 2nt with the Ch.13 &quot;dance&quot;...we'll see 
um, never saw the video though. Think I'll stick with the song 
can't sleep ! Thinking of them  M*******  and   T*****  . especilly T.  
@chromasia Wall to wall sunshine here and up to mid 70s later. Think the boot is on the other foot finally! 
@loveonherwrist I hope you're having the time of your life tonite  Thinking of you !
