Most common words for this cluster:
[('thing', 146), ('things', 7), ('sure', 6), ('lol', 5), ('something', 4), ('u', 4), ('right', 3), ('reason', 3), ('same', 3), ('thinks', 3), ('guy', 2), ('cost', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'thing', 0.9979162812232971), (u'things', 0.6615012884140015), (u'something', 0.6530992388725281), (u'really', 0.6059250235557556), (u'stuff', 0.6007706522941589), (u'think', 0.5970564484596252), (u'sounds_trite', 0.5849804282188416), (u'Really', 0.5810556411743164), (u'guy', 0.5683884620666504), (u'aspect', 0.5662834644317627)]





@jllg15 where were youu?? hahaa my only friends here  haha LMAOOO! this thing really is popular but I sitll cant figure comethings out
@amykinsonebay that thing scares me 
So this whole not being able to sleep like ever thing is getting old 
@KrizzyB I voted for you for the MYSP election thing, gutted you didn't win. 
@fldhtrsxl I'm just thinking the exact same thing... 
@yonpon unfortunately not  its a sad thing to come to terms with
 how my solve this thing??..
@psanchez If I could justify or even pay the cost of such a thing I would definitely meetup with you and @ViMad8 
I got a thing 4 u if u couldn't tell by now but, I'm not sure of your intentions. 
doesnt noe how to use thing thing 
y is it that the 1 thing that wood make u happy is the 1 thing that u carnt have 
@codyckennedy I am actually feeling the exact same thing 
its weird how thing change so quickly  
@flyingspatula Yes. I guess there is that aspect of the whole thing I didn't think of 
@britsparley that's not a nice thing to say about your neighbor 
@molliesmith i love you molieeeeeeeee, sorry about the loser thing, and i hope you find simba very soon 
Budgets are a great thing to work on first thing in the morning 
@lrbolton This is the saddest thing I've ever read. How crazy that killing him in here eyes was a positive thing. Like wth.  This is sad
@sophielovemcfly i see 5 faces in that thing. but no more  xx
So there aren't anymore exams, but there is only 3 days left. I've just now relized this is a bad thing.  And a good thing. I dont know.
@Beauabroughton shud up! lol my device thing doesn't work 
@carmabella i don't really know. i'm getting really worried about this speech thing now... seriously won't be able to talk that long!! 
@mexijen I ask my self the same thing 
hardest thing ever that!!!!!! 
@jackiekircher @joannadrum i'm sorry  i don't know if you would know this person. you guys are certainly invited though. to the thing.
I just realized that the only thing i want is for a guy to treat me like delilah and write me a song 
is twitter undergoing some maintenance thing thing? 
Home, and thinking which unfortunately was the thing I didn't want to do the most!!! 
@swgs I'm lokking forward to learning new thing not looking forward to being away from ally that late 
@gfalcone601 aww the reloading thing didn't work for me 
and every little thing reminds me of you. how now? 
the main reason that makes me happy is the only thing that makes me sad 
nobody wants to follow me on this thing! 
@subterranean_ I can't see any green thing to click  sorry I must have set something wrong
@Sofiielou i looked up Jareds and the same thing came up on his and he says it's ending after session 5, well gutted 
@dannygokey its doing the same thing to me...... 
@TristynTracy it's cool, my customer did the same thing 
@rjucks @cwardell i think he's lonely because he's not cool enough for people to want to talk to him  poooor thing! poor thing!
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same... 
@dannygokey the same thing keeps happening to me 
@GetSmart86   u poor thing...
@kinagrannis it's a good thing they do the full episode things on the website, but we'll have to wait... 
I kinda think that I like this sort of thing. 
this makes me sad to hear that somebody would do such a thing for no reason 
@blissfulblues hope you are feeling better  I've not been checking the @mariannamooney thing so I missed all your messages!  sorry.
so i just got that aim chat thing.. lol , but i have no one to add 
@scooprandell sure thing 
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same... 
graded unit has been the most hellish thing 
It's like we both want the same thing when it comes to love, but we're too scared to do something about it.. 
I am so over being stressed if it's not one thing it's another. The drama never ends! 
@frazerruddick I hope mindofapanther comes back! I miss my play thing... 
i think its terribly cruel that the thing that will make me feel better is also the worst thing for me 
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same... 
@huntermello i know! the only thing that sucks is youtube doesn't work in this build. 
@jencopley your last thing was too long and i cant figure out how to read the whole thing. i thought i knew how to 
@Simply_Positive the exact same thing happened to me 
@Louiise_t you're probably talking about something completely different, but i was thinking the same thing 
did a thing which is making me feel regret......... 
@Relucs At least they didn't thump the teacher which is probably a good thing 
@samanthai perhaps - not a bad thing - just so many big things goin on 
@cjayphillips that would seriously suck.  i would of been dead if i would've crashed. the stupid thing is the guy got mad at me!
@RizaGonzales Amen to the distance thing! 
thinks uughh.. hate this thing but have to do it..  http://plurk.com/p/118wff
@TaylorWayland its your science thing 
@gerimoran  you'd think there'd be such a thing but not for me--I'm only pt so no benefits 
why you're really hard to forget?And the most annoying thing bout you is even the little and simple things can remains me of you,sucks .. 
@faerywitch Sounds like a bad thing for him to have done, ethically. 
@havenward I was wondering the same thing about @anwly myself.  I thought I spent to much time on spymaster he is now ahead of me 
@janadc I was thinking the same thing, good thing twitters hear or i might have gone mad 
@fallenangel7402 it's just how we get deceived into small tiny things and never see that they - together - are a massive thing 
@kevincottrell hey there! unfortunately no  . funny thing is...i spent several years not getting sick at all. already had this same thing
@hunterrockx i never wanted to stop talking to her. That was the last thing i wanted. I just don't know what happened. 
@revsac I was thinking the same thing  I can't believe we havent even made it into a trending topic yet  #dannygokeyislove
all nighter is never a pleasant thing. 
thinks that it is not very nice thing to not reply... unless you are really that busy. 
@rlanzara The worrying thing is that it's like both 
i keep getting a thing to update tweetdeck, but every time i run it, the thing fails 
thinks that this thing is fugly  will see how long i can tahan
The thing is i know she is playing with my emotions but im still sticking around 
@chriscanal not this thing  how was yr talk?
@kittenspawn sounds awful  (the tweetdeck thing, not the @the_watchmaker2 thing)
@simplyirenic And I'm usually really good about that sort of thing, too. 
-thing I dislike about not living in the city- you have to plan things..you can't just walk outside 
I think i ate the wrong thing again  having runs all morning
I feel really sad all of a sudden. Loss is a terrible thing. 
is there such thing as getting overconfident...now i think there is  #PakCricket
@nikkihayes See what I mean about the demanding thing? 
@mandycouch I know exactly what you mean - dealing with the same thing myself.  I hope things get better soon!
I'm really struggling to set this thing up... I've had to call in outside assistance. 
@orrh Ah, eugenics. The saddest thing is... it's still around . 
I just can't explain what I am feeling right now. One thing for sure - It doesn't feel good 
for them, and added greenness is always a good thing isn't it? 
@BoraZ explains my confusion  still seems an odd thing to get worked up about though
@billbeckett The only thing better than that would be video footage of it for all of us to see 
@DujourMag lol at that music artist thing 
ah, that was good  not the result i expected, which is also a good thing.
@shelberry123 Yoooooooooo  hows things,im new to this thing man,its kidna confusing at first lol.
@LightStalking I was actually thinking about the same thing. I'll be glad to brainstorm 
@snedwan is that a bad thing? means you have an excuse to 'research' now, rather than an 'urge'. 
jury's out on whether that's a good thing or a bad thing   And they actually swim!!!!   The other ones just hung out at the bottom
@jlifrieri The challenger is a beautiful thing 
this whole motorcycle thing should be fun. 
@bellelumiere So I could just do my own thing without having to live up to any expectations 
@chrisfullman I would never do such a thing!  The only thing more awesomerer is the 15 minute walk to work 
enjoying this whole relaxation thing 
@eliiizabeth sure thing 
@amruth92 lol worst thing is, we're verbally talking too 
when you are a junior prom weekend is only good for one thing and one thing only 
@redchinese19 seems like you have no intention of going to bed. I'm doing the same thing actually. 
@HeroINaRide haha -.- the first thing I did was removing my watermark! NOOOOB 
@cait2009 sure thing 
@cindyoohlala that was a very nice thing to do.  A very good experience for him 
@MariaCuci yes!mine 'one thing' started at 5am and I wasn't quite lucky enough to get the 'after' ....just one thing, one thing,another. 
@KaraHoisi I've always wanted to do it... The addicted personality thing would probably be a factor there as well 
@jordanknight I will drive to see you but what I really want is to meet you and it wont cost you a thing 
@LizScherer nephew-in-law - if there is such a thing 
a storm is a great thing 
@Naresh Seems like I was looking at the wrong thing  
@Lucyvonne11 well that's a good thing!  I knew I was following you for a good reason.    any that u haven't watched?
Checking if this HelloTxt thing works 
@xivyy sure thing  added back~
All of a sudden I find myself being really excited over something. No idea what, though. But that's still a good thing, I guess 
@patriciannroque Should it be a clique thing?... Just saying. 
@florencelisa sure thing! 
