Most common words for this cluster:
[('thing', 1619), ('lol', 96), ('thats', 47), ('haha', 45), ('oh', 45), ('yeah', 41), ('time', 39), ('u', 39), ('amp', 36), ('damn', 35), ('com', 29), ('day', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'thing', 0.9098622798919678), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.6983053684234619), (u'RUSH_Yeah', 0.6956243515014648), (u'something', 0.6924919486045837), (u'really', 0.6875452995300293), (u'silly_Billen', 0.6821368336677551), (u'SERENA_WILLIAMS_Well', 0.6771988272666931), (u'stuff', 0.67547607421875), (u'BLATHER_1', 0.6751658320426941), (u'MICHELLE_WIE_Yeah', 0.6746784448623657)]





@Alliana07 it didn't make any sense to me, the suicide thing. I refuse to believe that that is actually what happened. 
Finally gave in and was bored enough to start this thing. I think the 140 is going to be a problem for me tho.  its like a myspace status.
are you vaccinated against chicken-pox?should I vaccinate my 3 yr old?I am SO confused about this damn thing 
Keeeerrrrriiiiii!!!!  I really have nothing better to do then post on this thing at 224am.....wonderfullll. Says alot.
'study group extraordinare' about to leave campus...some of torts outline finished-good thing-but sleepy as h*#@...will be back@ 7am 
Why do I keep looking...I know that what I read is gonna hurt but I still look! I guess it's just a girl thing &amp; I need to get over him. 
Why do I keep looking...I know that what I read is gonna hurt but I still look! I guess it's just a girl thing. 
One thing I hate about dozing off in lects, I wake up to a sheaf of wet and badly smudged notes. 
@guybatty oh I'm so sorry to hear that  very sad thing, he was so young
@cupcakesfortwo no pain to really be the issue though, there's the thing.. can't figure it out... 
is soo bored and  i just wanna go out and have some fun but thandis at some gay thing all day 
@oooooooof yeah I should but no time to do such thing 
@sharkeymalarkey NO, that's not a funny thing    I've already collided enough worlds this week; it's a little weird.
@BANANARCHY empires is the only band/song/thing that just will not upload on that site. 
Someone gave me a biscotti that tastes like it has freezer burn and they won't leave so now I think I am obligated to eat the whole thing 
Just got twitter and has no clue how to use this thing 
No! The bb thing is starting  so sad. I think i am going to die :x
trying to figure out what exactly this thing does, how it works, etc...i guess it really does take me while to figure these sites out 
I wish I knew what I was doing!!! This thing is so ass backwards 
has just finished painting me shelfs (thank god) the bad thing is that if i not done it right i have to do it all over again 
@amazingphoebe i love you  maybe it's a good thing if i don't care as much. and tell me, please, how many chances have you already had?
@girldeejay haha no, I dropped it trying to move it and the insides got broken  poor thing shouldn't have survived past the 80s anyway.
#tpb found guilty.  Booerns to that. I hate to thing about the consequences of this decision.
This whole tweeting under my real name thing is sorta scary. So much need for self-censorship 
@geekintehpink its a good thing delnegro knows his shit, hunwick could have died 
is stuggleing with a 300 piece puzzle thats aged 7+  
@JoyEasterling lovely site  yours - how did you make your tamplete ^( I can't get this thing 
@NicLinkletter sorry about the adding thing my phone was on the fritz and kept unfollowing you! 
back from mj and lucas' stag &amp; doe, didn't win a thing 
very sick. I hope it's just a 24 hr thing 
@jessicasimpson http://twitpic.com/3krpo - You poor thing. All of our fish died when we were on holidays. 
is over  but that was soooo good! can't wait for the real thing 
@jimjonescapo @CdotVERSY i am... if we get tis jaylen thing settled 
@xbreathexgx yes to the pic thing and I don't have any of their new music 
After not writing a thing for three weeks, my handwriting is barely legible. 
awwwww charlie missed the last sitty thing 
@trevorp damn that sucks  (but probably explains it). And digital was supposed to fix that sort of thing!
@DaydreamLily no I mean the chuck and blair thing, but that is sad 
maybe cutting all ties is the best thing....so sad tho ....i will miss you 
was scanning but the bloody thing packed up 
@toniareda awed you poor thing  just bake some cookies, that will make you feel better ;)?
waiting to get told to clean&amp;watching some american idol thing. gabbis sleeping 
banged up and bloodied my knee running up the stairs... hopefully thats the only bad thing that will happen today. 
@aplusk neither sounds like a good thing 
The trickeries of laser carwashing...i don't have the overhead dryer thing down and rushed thru it, cars spotty now. 
Last thing b4 i go to sleep. http://twitpic.com/3lvs1- i'm still not happy. 
@BeckyBuckwild wonder if u told him about the thing i texted u about 
damn.... dat sum1 can really b mad messd up...n da sad thing is dat i cant talk to nobody bout it.. 
GGRRRRRRR I nearly finished my first knitted row, then buggered it up and ended up taking the whole thing off the needle to start again 
@MissPhotogenic of course!! that soundtrack had total &quot;can't you see&quot; on it!! i loved total   apparently i have a thing for girl groups.
one last thing: you know the high pitch sound electronics make when they're on? I can always hear it but I need the tv to help me sleep. 
hates money..  it will be the one thing that ends his career.  
@DannyTRS the thing with the comic is that it's just not the same as watching the actors with their various quirks  I miss buffy 
@lirontocker AWW no srsly ? i sold mt DS recently  peggle =2 best thing ever
Off last week with a fluey thing...now I have this shit to deal with....bored and feel like I'm letting people down 
@onelewis ive go this unfortunate thing called work 
@hodgy13 lol was just thinking the same thing. the remotes so far away though 
school, prob the most not cool thing 
taken kitty to the doc's... poor thing 
in a french lesson! and i havent done my oral! 
The getting out of bed thing doesnot sound like a good idea 
We're not allowed to go to the kofi annan thing on thursday 
@BigAlUK  I did the same thing  im actually trying to get a client to buy one so I can muck around with it
@GSUCheer yea im KiNDA dreading that thing called reality &amp; school too  miss you ma'am!!!
This mind fuckin rickshaw guy is blaming on every other thing he looks at 
@emmaspeaks i know  its the only thing making me less bored no everyones left me to go back to uni and it wont work grr
I just found everything that I have lost in the past week apart from the thing I'm looking for - my darn trainer 
We / They won the whole thing! 5-2 in the final I played 3 games had a save % of 97. unfurtiunatly I couldn't play the final. 
jazz_santi= pure win win yes, im leaving for school now, new adventures lie ahead....  the only thing we have to fear is beef!
Oh, and I am in soooo fuckin much pain right now.  So much for $2000 surgeries that don't fix a damn thing.
the last painful thing i have to do before i can graduate is my mcb lab report 
mmed didnt speak even a tiny lil thing w/ me.. (sad) 
@bsbmom98 thnx I'd love to come but the thing is that I can't  thnks anyway ;p
@bsbmom98 @bsbmom98 thnx I'd love to come but the thing is that I can't  thnks anyway ;p
Hey, just saw @espcrs on VBTV...saw last few seconds  Have to check back later to see the whole thing
i dunno why, but this thing pops out in my head. and suddenly it cant get out. why? so unimportant, so annoying.. 
.&gt;i broke a bike..aah that's the worst thing happen to me this vacation.. 
@heathermarie79 I too have the shortness thing going on, seems as if most if my pants need to be altered when I buy them 
sat outside after kicking a football about wishing she hadent kicked the washing hanger thing coz her leg hurts  waying up a drink
@eljeppy okay...  I'm with you on the headache thing...
I forgot my thing for blogspot  so I'm making a new one
http://twitpic.com/4f9am - they're making the backyard into some amazing garden type thing omg 
wow this consignment thing really was a failure; none of my items sold, that makes me really sad 
@mtorres2622 It was cuz i had to go to this practice writing thing because the ap test is soon 
So my legs twitching......I don't think that's a good thing 
@cheer_freak2009 So thats a bad thing  i added you
He unpluged the the thing thinking it went to the unneeded fan.  But it went to the pretty plue lights. 
Saying goodbye to grissom is not  an easy thing to do 
is feeling that chatting to a friend on the phone until 2.15am was a bit of a stupid thing to do....tired again.  
off to do parent thing in a bit boo 
there is currently a 250 lb. shitfaced football player crashing around down the hall. good thing its fucking 5:34 am. I want sleep...  ugh
@jlg210 oh yarmes  i will give you food tomorrow you poor thing!
@tommcfly hmm, i kind of agree... first thing i ever bought was a singing gizmo. aww. its broken now though 
trying to work out how to work this god damn thing!! 
@OnlyIsabella mocking twilight??  not really my thing....... i loved it!
@grayzo we where making things for sunday club open day and i got the soil thing 
@tweetSG But I can't find the link for removing the thing! 
@claireyana im the same! ive been sittin in front of my laptop since 9am, but i swear i havent done a thing! very depressing 
What am i doing??.. ummm i dont know :S... trying to tweet?? but i have no clue how this thing works 
killed a spider. woke up with the poor thing squished to my face  sorry little spider.
@mmmarly What's this timbaktu thing huh? How come I don't know?! 
@chuckidoodlez But that's the boring thing to do 
no one can quite get over the mr wright thing. 
@MissCindyBaby I was  I am okay now, a bit hung over, and unlike being hung, this is not a good thing
is going to a piano thing at 3!! 
@jackiedanger: me too!  why can't they have things in springfield!?!?!?! oh, yea, cause the only thing good about us is abe... ugh...
@Rpattzson oh no! *i've said the wrong thing and takes it back* i'm so sorry... 
I know That would be the 1 thing I couldn't do without! @yurple67 @4ut I just didn't see a computer! 
@RealHughJackman just one thing bothering me about the movie.the claws were inconsistent  and yes i was staring at them hard during it
man im trying to figure stuff out.....in my life when one thing goes wrong everything does......when it rains it pours 
@rdkcchild awwwww btw it's . FierceCouture. from goSupermodel, member the forum topic I made? You poor thing  feel better
I really want to dance...... this is not a good thing right now...... 
@nookandpantry oh you poor thing  time for some ice cream...
stop liking twilight!! that was the only thing that didn't make me think of you!!  at least you haven't said anything about edward... yet
@ingridgarces I have an iphone.    i can't seeem to figure this thing out  
@Dragonrider80 sounds painfull poor thing  yeah nuts can be pretty nasty if things go wrong.
@radelaide  aww. I'm really sorry. atleast you can all support each other and get through it together. that's a beautiful thing.
not feeling well maybe thats a good thing i dont have the chips 
thinks there really should be more than 140 characters on this stoopid update thing 
@stephenfry oh, #starwarsday, how come I've never heard of such a thing. I feel like an unworthy geekette 
@crazytwism yeah! damn dangerous thing.. 
@Praxilla I'm ok, really, and sadly--percs are the only thing left that I'm allowed to have  I can't wait for the real treatments, soon.
is up and is very ill.rather paralised.can hardly do a thing. i reali need a cuddle 
@MeLaMachinko I feel u. Lol I feel lame because I still haven't seen do the right thing and it was on tv last week and I missed it  lol
naplan testing sucks. i have the real thing next week..  ahhhhh
@sydsthepoet8264 i know! and our project sucks now becasue we cant use the whole thing 
poor brian. look @ him. just like chad when sonny said, &quot;he already wants me back!!!&quot; poor thing 
 i dont know how to do that fringe braidy thing 
@dougiemcfly peppermint mocha frappucinos... I lived on those things last summer, best thing EVER. Why don't I live near a starbucks? 
@rsuenaga @tadasauce I really don't know how dog slow this thing is  thanks @thestuffguy
@halophoenix nope.  worst thing is i don't know how to prevent it really.. 
i feel like a total outcast because i don't know what this #nerdprom thing is. 
@bezerk hahaha isnt tht a good thing? no more impulse buying! i just bought something of it, and sort of regretting now 
I hope this isn't a new thing... the crying. 
@IAmLucasJC ah damn. something tells me i'm gona be thinkin the same thing tomorrow... but with out the excellent..with the hungover 
@craigyd  You know what they say: If it's not one thing it's your mother
Just woke up, realised she wants to go back to bed cos sundays ain't her thing 
@voidspace Lol i did the same thing except mine broke 
@chargarrisson yeah i know the feeling  you poor thing. maybe it was those noodles haha
@m0php i couldnt watch the entire thing, thought i was going to throw up 
the only thing i have now is tattoos 
i guess everyone got over #lobster  makes me sad ill miss the little thing 
Studying for a stupid poem thing  i hate having a f in english.
@msengupta I was just noticing the same thing.  EVERYONE is there...except me   I have yet to see a launch...
@leashhh pree okay. i did the wrong thing today and splurged.  are you around tmw? dinner mayhaps?
is getting stressful with the apartment thing.  http://plurk.com/p/t07jq
the thing w/ msn. person i don't want to talk to always talks to me (regardless i'm busy/away) &amp; friends i want to chat w/ are busy/away 
weeekend is over  what a depressing thing. &amp; still no new phone for kelly
i am so lonely...  i learned a lot about myself watching greys anatomy tonight and the main thing is that im very very lonely. extremely.
still fixing the webcam .darn .what happened to this thing ?? 
@cawowin_nose local geocacher's going away party event thing. one that I'll really end up missing  stupid texas. not hardly a state nemore
i'm off to my second chance at this thing we call sleep, seems hard to do so with my nose unable to breathe  sucks !!!
sooo that whole going to sleep thing isnt working out for me tonight :/ im super R E S T L E S S dont like it  i need my hubbs
I love learning new words, but by the time I've put the dictionary away, I've usually forgotten the fucking thing 
@KaRmAChAnG yeah, they're testing me for anaemia and some other thing apparently. I've been dizzy the past few days and being sick 
@ianrmcallister This is the sort of thing that could throw us into an early and acrimonious general election not based on real issues  
doesn't think re-piercing her tongue was the smartest thing to do =/ Ouchh 
wandering why i take things so personally. i made a comment to this twilight thing and someone replied saying im full of it. 
@christox I'm trying to do a spree but second last thing is to protect a gangleader or something and u need 180 members to do it  
hates this sober thing, makes me think to much about shit that i should forget about. not doing well 
@magdas http://twitpic.com/5c3f5 - this does not look like a fiesta. this is a horribly sad terrible thing. i'm going to cry now 
im scared, i have a red thing on my industrial &amp; idk what is is  im hoping its just irritated from getting my hair done. 
@KrissssSpencer haha you didn't do an at davetrautz thing, but i think this is talkin bout me. my teacher is not a pothead, nor a lesbian 
@theprince23 off anyway with the rest of the group and everybody seem to be doin their own thing 
really bummed out :/ the only thing thatd cheer me up is @patmaine @replying me 
so ya i try to get every thing i can in every game  me no life but i like playing 
Just screwed up inking a page so I need to redraw the whole thing.  
Oh help me ! I can't study ! I've read the thing like twice and nth went in. 
@CHANTEL_NoDuhh just use your yahoo thing. I miss seeing 'chantelluvsnick' 
I can txt the dirtiest thing and just laugh. But if I txt a winky face I feel too forward and like a slut  true story Haha :[[
Ugghh that nap was the worst thing I couldve done! 
@yoko71 Its just frustrating.  Some are really appreciative for the smallest thing you do. I should learn the art of low expectation.
@geezerbird chance would be a fine thing 
@bethmcgrath awww yeahh!! that's the best thing  !! I have to do everything till the end aka 12t grade...
hiccups. i hate them  get them all the timeeee. oh and i have to go look at some thing for ly
bored out of my brains....god why is there such thing as rain?? 
@keikomushi yeah, it's a great place for writers. i haven't been back to sl since i started. problem: i am now homeless 
The day is going by soo slow  and I know why.. Its a love thing, its got to be 
Putting clothes away, the most boring thing to do! 
@SEEMoRECaKE sort of more of a fade away kind of thing 
At the hospital hoping er thing goes well  wiit the cuszo 
feels so shit...when am i gona be rid of this chest infection thing...its goin on 5 weeks now 
@EricaRenee93 I'm so sorry to hear that; I went through the same thing, except it was suicide :-/  I'll keep you in my prayers!!
@alistardean It's just a pity I'm not getting examined in this kind of thing tomorrow though 
@Cassidyaspen420 just got engaged myself so i know the feeling but the funny thing is that everyone wants to know when the big day is now 
@jonhickman yeah i did but then I remembered that i've got a radio thing on in the afternoon  epic frown
@Harmzyboo1 yeah, only bad thing about being on american idol I couldn't twitter to ya'll. 
@kricket_rc234 kreng, seriously i cant remember a thing. my mind stops working everytime i see him! dang stupid brain! 
i miss my fringe soo much  im not use to this stupid thing, but i need to get used to it cause its a change?... http://tinyurl.com/o29v33
i want this flu to take a long walk off a short pier  miserable thing
@ljnada awww poor thing, you gotta hate assignments  sooo glad i dont do that anymore
@SpanglySi nah, it's a bad thing cos it's very quiet and dull on my own down here. not allowed to read when in public view either 
@amybabydoll69 well she lives above him-they didnt sleep together, it was a drunk kiss thing butttt i dunno why he did.....i hate girls! 
@funkyfabrix mum, my arm is hurting. like the whole thing is aching. im dying 
@michellegazzana mm  at least not too many people know my number password, good thing nothing important lies within my known password
This connection problem is the most frustrating thing in the world 
I feel so bad putting the rest of my beanie babies in storage... but it's the best thing for them! 
damn im a horrible person! worse break up of my life!! ...... im sorry babe i jst think its the best thing for right now 
@laurakalbag what is the funny rabbit thing called I can't find it 
I am regretting registering my domain on register.com.  It's the most confusing, un-aesthetic thing ever.  Making it hard to transfer too 
This studying thing blows 
The text thing is confusing. 
Is back on this damn thing.. and has forgotten how to work it 
so this cleansing thing is a lil harder than i expected but i KNOW i can do it! 8 more days! 
my magic pill did not work!  good thing i have more that are not that old. lol. I AM NOT A DRUGY!
i should be doing my hw and studying my bio.but the thing is I cannot be bothered. 
I think it is bad form to retweet a tweet removing the @ attribution, not the done thing 
@CelebratedMissK  i do the same thing! but im such a deep sleeper that i never hear it go off. 
@Musojourno yeah I found the same thing  thank you tho!
@MattGeri sheesh, dude, i feel your pain! exact same thing happened to me about 5 years ago  its horrible
A lot to do  But i can't do the one thing i wanna do.
I awoke with snakes fresh in my mind and one bite me. What a freaky thing. A dream dictionary said it was hidden worry.  
--did i do the right thing by telling him? oh well. im super sick. other things to worry about. 
@msroney I was just thinkin the same thing. my roomie is gone  I'm scared 2
@bradiewebbstack how many times must i say #bradiewebbstack for it to be on the trending list topic thing 
@AmberGamblerAV indeed, life is a sad, sad thing  unless this was the build up to meeing said sexy lady
bad thing i wasn't able to watch their concert here in manila 
...goddamn ironing. It's time someone invented disposable clothes so I don't have to iron the same thing over and over!  #fb
@junk_monkey All the better for you. You weren't daft enough to buy the thing. I could have bought some pick and mix with it instead 
@abrad45 it's more of a shut my blackberry up kind of thing.  but don't feel left out. It bugs me equally for all peoples messages!
@paulroub sadly we use customer provided vault and can't tune p.1. Other points mostly depend on same thing,so no chance to apply fixes 
@AdamMachanic the thing is noone know about them 
@DJFuture mine has too. i can't eat a whole thing of starburst or skittles like i used to 
@kirstiealley  nooooooo the only thing scarier than dentists are clowns 
One bad thing about softwar loads. A percentage bag that has a decimel point.. 0.1% done. And so on 
After every awesome thing that happened today, i'm somehow not feeling that great.. 
@dbferguson oh dear! that is not a nice thing to hear at all...in fact a very NOT nice thing to hear. so very sorry. 
kde4 on portable ubuntu did not go too well  would need some more attention to see how the hell they launch gnome in that thing
@shelliehall Last thing in the world you need.  How will it affect your baseball playing?
@cryst_trueblue mean europe too ... cause that whole thing bout them not coming really annoyed me!! 
@GoonAffiliated  what is this spoon thing about i couldnt make the show 
I wonder whats david's reaction when he knows about the first kiss issue 
damn i even tried to put my pic as a background and it still didnt work uggh well yall i guess im faceless  i think that a goood thing 
@samanthakellar fuhhh u are? U have to be 21 for the vip thing  u already bought it?
@jweisfeld hahaha what a coincidence. i mainly watched just the fourth quarter (like a hawk) and they won. so sad how that works 
the one thing that bothers me. . . when people say they will call you back and they dont   not a good sign
my ipod is dead again. i think the battery is going, going, gone on that thing. 
blah. that's all I have to say. oh and the bad thing about falling asleep at 6 is that I'm going to be up forever now with nothing to do 
@stupidreamer my connection is too crappy for that playback thing 
@GeoffField I think thats awful thing to do 
@bamkisser send em to me...yall needs some closure, cause if there's 1 thing I regret me and &quot;he&quot; aint have any closure 
oh hey twitter... I keep forgetting about this thing. 
I just looked at my @elyysee thing &amp; I missed answering some of those...sorry peopl I never saw them till now 
who's on this thing??? friends.. find me 
@aimizubouken I could imagine how hard it is for you...I went thru the same thing with my dog a few years ago...R.I.P. 
@sammyistheshizz: haha trust me, meee toooo. i overreacted but my mom has this greek pedastal thing &amp; i was on her bed and slammed my toe 
@TheLostSwede the most amazing thing about the virgin flight was the complete lack of snacks. Normally they have a choice 
@tinat224 speaking of etsy, I never got my thing! We both forgot  You'll just have to bring it in august
@livestrongnj yeah, it's terrible  cockatoos are the hardest to live with, so emotional. good thing he found you, though!!
@MelissaLynnette naw, it doesnt match up LOL and i have no shenanigans to discuss...  but i did do the thing...
@cocoy @mike_online That's the sad thing about it. 
I never thought falling in love can cause so much pain...  good thing that I'm so over that phase!
i want a text from short stack ,but i dont understand the texting thing 
@girlx they're at the bottom of the thing and aren't moving at all. feels bad man. 
Just found out my kitty isn't pregnant  its a good thing though, we are going to adopt one instead 
@timwhitlock err you can turn on optimized js+css &amp; caching once we deploy the thing, but I hear what you're saying 
i don't understand the whole follow friday thing? 
@stephenfry  i didn't get it. although, as it's a religious thing i think i'll let that one slip by...
@lindseylu My club card and picture and I just cured world hunger! And made of gold! This thing is awesome! Too bad you don't have yours. 
oh noes, my puma hoodie is coming apart  i love this thing!
@belfair_rocks I WISH he could fix this dang thing!!! 
@moossacre lol - funny thing is - I don't even know what class or even race half of the people in our group are   yes - I am THAT clueless
@thewhitemage It does it sometimes - it should come back ;) And the car thing sucks - I feel all anxious and yucky now 
@paintgranny my little felted thing looks like an incestuous by- product of two of your lovelies 
@JamesMurphy anything to sell an album. poor thing. 
@teamqivana We're no longer in biz together. The one thing that survived was our marriage. Not so good with the in-laws, though.  
@alrapke the only thing is I'm not a chocolate fan  but the thought was yhere
I just lost my favorite pen  good thing I have a back up =D
Sometimes knowledge is not a good thing.    http://digg.com/d1sPp7
@FrugalGaming I cant get the chat thing to work 
 the japanese exchange student is the cutest thing i've ever seen. seriously HAHA i want to put her in my pocket&amp;keep her D:
@ArsenalSarah she lookd soo freaked out!!poor wee thing 
@gfalcone601 ino :O i was near crying for her  sometimes i forget that its actually live tv =/ .....am i talkin about the sme thing?:Sxxxx
@gfalcone601 bless her lil socks... think they need to rethink the age thing me 
arrg - i've been trying to upload my picture...darn thing won't let me 
just doesn't understand why this thing wont save my photos  Defo uggo! lol
@flyersonthefly http://twitpic.com/45r61 -  saddest thing i've seen a while
@megan_ftw awh i'm sorry  i'm probably going to do the same thing haha.
@ninjang facepalm  hope the interview is a choice and not a forced thing...
this hole twitter thing is new too me, its not letting me change my picture so your stuvk with the wee stpid thing for now 
@katekisss  meebo.com is a free thing &amp; it doesn't effect the comp that's what i use .
I have to reupload the damn thing again 
I'm so tired. I don't get how I am. I sat on the lawn mower and didn't push the whole damn thing. 
@coachreggie  She doesn't need a darn (watching my language) thing but that never stops her  &amp;   I mapped u. U live in the boonies :-o
But then again I think I'm the only who pays attention to this type of thing, bout to hit this bush and pretend its purple..... 
My goldfish died...poor thing 
@Iwhodareswins The worst thing about traveling is leaving your pets behind. 
@huma_rashid, @vanmylu the job thing...it's a whole episode!!  
@girlfiend:  We found the same thing.  
@AAKB220 how do you confront people about that kind of thing though??  
@pato_30stm lol i haven't seen the kyte thing yet and won't be able to for a while  write me on myspace to tell me what happened lol
#myweakness ....YOU...   ...only cuz i got a thing for assholes
@SophieAndrea thats the one thing i hate about the hot weather 
@bugmum  oh that's awful, I hated that.   poor little thing 
So i hear the nuggets are getting killed.  I guess it's a good thing i'm not watching
@djpremonition I wanna be the only thing that look thick at fur 
signing off for the night this thing is driving me crazy slow ass comp  ttys xoxoxo
@WnchstrsGirl my aim is just being a bitch and the icon won't show up on the little bottom right taskbar thing like happens sometimes ugh 
there this thing in my mouth, its like.. reaally red right now and its killing me  aaah...
@dannygokey hey danny! i'm from wisconsin too! i was so mad I couldn't go see you when you did the hometown thing  i'm going to idol live!
@mayonice D: goodness. i was wondering why the hell did the girl let them publish her name. poor thing 
the one thing i don't like about twitter is that basically none of my friends have it and only ONE person talks to me  how stupid
@mexicanmike damn I swear I was thinking the same thing about mi rancho.  I had to go to whataburger 
@glossmenagerie the only thing i wasnt able to get is odyssey l/s   ill put the diff in the envelope.
still alive.. pissed that the alarm ruined my sleep.. why would they let a thing like that go off at 1 am for no good reason? 
@innate_autumn You poor thing 
the worst thing thing in the world happend to me all my my old photos on my labtop are deleted andf gone forever idk what to do i have to 
is missing a certain boy  &amp; wishing this thing on my neck would disappear already - sick of receiving weird looks. lol
@CRAZYFORGAMING nope I've been stealing my brothers ps3 for a while the only thing I'll miss is halo3 on live 
@sarahcfuller  hahaa yeah.. but the shortening thing won't work  whaat??  #stargirlinspace #tominspace #stargirlinspace
@R33S haha awww man i wish we had mcflurrys here.. the cup thing looks nice 
@AddieBef Lol  I was wrong then ahah, you were supposed to wrap it up in that nasty goo thing.
it's not a social thing to play machines... i'm sad about all these ppl  why??
@_MarkMcManus duke of ed silver thing 
still in a lot of pain.... probably not going to be able to work tonight... thats a whole week i've had to take off b/c of this thing!! 
I seem to be not at all net savvy can't do a thing right .. 
i really can't put it off any longer.  I must pack and if there's 1 thing I hate... it's packing 
omg i just translated the thing i wrote and its not the same thing. i hate the translate website im on 
need to find new A's updates--my recent fave was retweeting the same thing every 5 minutes  hope they fix that...
@damohopo feel a bit crap about the whole thing 
Off to water the garden, then I have to get to work   One thing about working for myself, the boss is such a bitch when I'm late!
just scraped my arm proper bad against this wire thing 
thinks he's too much to ask for. too much of a good thing, i suppose.  http://plurk.com/p/x8gr0
@BreadSU09 see thats the smart thing to do , me i just leave it in the kitchen ! a new box too . got it last night i wake up and its done 
@jill777 he is sick again!!  poor thing  
tip: if you dont want to cry dont let ur mom trick u into to going to a cancer relay for life. not the happiest thing in the world 
I'm sitting on my mommy's lap right now but the sad thing is she is washing the clothes I was laying on 
:O i just lost a follower  was it the skin thing ?
I broke my violin bridge today.  What a stupid thing to break - it's a 2 $ piece of wood, but i sure can't play without it. 
@jtreynol quick! stain the whole thing and make it blue or black! lol sorry i cldnt resist 
doing the work thing 'till 9... Its gonna be a gay kind of day 
Just finished combing molly....poor thing had mats in her ears  I feel horrible for letting it get so far!!
@knotby9 It's not a good thing when shopping sucks. I'm sorry 
mummy couldn't get me icecream  chocolate sundae thing instead! nomnom
watching my bestest friend in the whole wide world move out of our lovely abode...the only thing left in her room is an echo... 
@mirz_krystel I hope kyla's fever disapates so that she can do her santacruzan thing 
@nicole_b86 us doing this mad dance thing n were sayin handcatch :^) sad thing is we werent even drunk in it ahahaha 
@Sharoncarr1974 the main thing, so fingers crossed, then on2the next hurdle  hows u &amp; the boys? x
@alyssabuonagura josh's party. I was stupid and left it on a table and next thing i know it was gone 
so tired because of all this chilling thing 
i cannot see my pic  mind u thats not a bad thing!!
@siz_star ok i'll rephrase that. I dislike it  the big snake thing at the end makes me hyperventilate. I cry badly. 
@taylorswift13 i love your songs! I cannot choose only one of all jaja. The worst thing is...still I don't have your disk  i love u Taay.
hates when she feels like this...grief is the worse thing ever to live with 
I hatehateHATE spiders and a giant one just crawled past me. Everyone's in bed and that thing is going to get me. I'm ridiculously scared 
@megaaanftw noo the stupid thing has ran under the sofa waiting to eat me n in the spider catcher theres already 1 in it  !
@EstyMichelle I don't even pluck... it's too owie   But if somebody else plucks, I don't feel a thing. I don't know why
sunburnt!  ugh worst thing ever
in the http://thecullensonline.ning.com/ sorry guys there a thing that won't let me click on the chat, i can;t talk on it now 
I miss my computer....why did I pester @astonwest to reformat the darn thing...lol 
@Lovinuhurts lol,i am not a wimp,tht thing was extremely hot!!i culdnt even eat the damn thing it was so hot 
ok it finally changed but ugh it's too big!! u can't see the whole thing!  i can't win
@escambia *hug* That's a terrible thing to hear. 
just finished watching my nephews kindergarten grad. dvd. pretty much cried through the whole thing.  i love him so much
@craig_hill yes the photo is me  ... but after an hour I can't seem to get the dang thing to take ??????? ... 
so... I never win anything in this mega million thing!!! grrrrr 
watchin some thing about chris farley..that guy was pretty funny. too bad he had to die 
@sugartastic The same thing keeps happening to me! I think all my followers have discovered that they secretly hate me 
@KTnestingspot yeah it was just beyond the entrance so I had to divert the kids it was disturbing poor thing 
http://twitpic.com/6bf2l - by far the cutest thing i've ever seen.. i want him 
I'm pissed every thing I saved to disk has been wiped all my movies  
@LovefromNaja  about beckett */ hehehe  i can hardly find any thing all the infomation i got says nothing bout techniquess
thinks studying for exams would be a good thing to start considering they are 2 days away 
is nott living for the moment.. therefore lettt go of some things  not sure if doing the right thing.. maybe its for the best
After 3 weeks the only thing i missed about england is unlimited 3G 
There is only one thing missing... my sis. I miss you rio 
thinking,wondering and doing the what if thing 
@elise0605 On a sunday...you poor thing  How long you got to work?
@etrangle omg! sharleez is in the hospital? i hope she's doing well. So poor thing!   
loves late-night ichat dates with @adamgrahek...not as good as the real thing, though 
@yaeljk yeah I doubt she'll attempt to go. This diplomatic thing is very complicated. 
my leg is ready to commit suicide and just chop itself off... I don't know what I did to the poor thing but I apologize 
The thing is I got board before the match started so I was tweeting or I thought I was 
Just got back from da church... and I just had a Bad stomach!... and the weirdest thing happened... my eyes got all blury I think... 
pretty trippy isn't it @emmacultvult ...the sad thing is we used 2 be identical until @philkirby 's tragic accident   http://bit.ly/131zqs
@shullygully you still haven't told me who or what this grub thing is! 
Is there such thing as a sugar hangoverr??... I'm dying here 
@oldmanknott flash git, we just ordered a barby and the ruddy thing didn't show up 
omg doing my health thing! and cant remember a bloody thing  grrrrrrrrr ! help shan???
@ShawnaBeex3 haha you did?! that's cool! i didn't hear it though  my thing was freezing randomly sometimes.
@smarty7 Lol this energy thing is annoying 
hmmm...what's wrong with me...why this migrain suddenly came again... uuh I hate this headache thing... 
I cant even chew grapes cut in 1/2. the only thing I can eat is yogurt &amp; even that is a chore (not to mention insanely painful!)   
@bebfan thank u so much for the info!! I don't know if i can make it though, i have a thing i have to go to.  but i'll def try!
@simplyminda c'mon man pls dnt outshine me in the only original thing i did  pinky promise!!!
the thing thats been on my mind for days now! wish i had the answer 
@ionaaaa omg i was just about to say the same thing! 
i really miss my baby  does this distance thing ever get easier?
I am so sad  Why would a friend do that? She said that she knows i still like him and that would be the meanest thing if she said yes
@MNightNoise lol you guys are the same age. and i thought the same thing until i saw the cuts  ouch and eww
i am tweetless. i guess the best thing to do right now is join a trending topic.. i miss you my dear dog 
i have just done the most stupid thing ever.... i bit of some of my tongue  off to the hospital i go hmmm
not amused... i went into the garden for an hour put factor 15 on and cooked till done...thing is i overcooked so my arms got burnt  x
@7angela7 I know it's saying the same thing with me plus threadedtweets isn't too fast right now either 
been reading a significant chunk from that story. some ideas are good but it's still rather ccrap. wish i had the full thing still 
@drakerock do you adhere to that thing that excludes a European guy from coming to make a moivie for you? what a shame  I wanna
just tried to boil my foot. not on purpose. ouch it hurts! also am v worried about the bluey cat. she will not eat a thing 
@ItsOneTen lol  pure thing lol
Is over the vomitting thing. 
@gryffindorgal87  the same thing happened to me recently. did you have it all on your ipod? treasure the pod. keep it safe. keep it secret
Waiting for my friend to cut my grass but he insists on making a ton of stops first...sometimes free is not a good thing 
waking up with a heinous stomachache is never a good thing 
another religion thing to do ugh 
@pixieparasol The picture thing is properly annoying. I feel so invisible  Though someone said hers did it and then was fine next day
Just got like a million screen caps from the t4 thing and my ipod is taking ages to sync.. 
@DakotaMac thats fun eirbearrr honestly haha so this whole twitter thing isnt liking me very much i wont let me put a pic 
@feniaa mmm ...i  think i  have to search one thing to sell, but i don't know what ! 
the hills finale tonight noo  one less thing to live for. jkjk
@stephmccall november 2006 was the most difficult thing I have ever encountered. If it's hard, I will actually burst into tears 
@_CorruptedAngel a bit of a handful, hey not a nice thing to say 
@goddessgreeneye @pinky120281 see i told you!..at this point the only thing that gets me going is a certain wolf 
@vivmondo I don't wanna rip the Charlster off too much. I'm already morphing into his writing style   Thanks about the non-tool thing!
um still trying to get the hang of this thing 
fell off the horse yesterday, it was the stupidest thing ever, and my teacher scolded me really bad, and now my pride is crushed. 
@ionic   I REALLY hope everything ends up working out for you. This whole thing sounds like such a nightmare.
last.fm is down.  n e way, i should probably hit the shower/bed. the wedding was pretty much color-by-numbers sort of thing.
off to do the dreaded supermarket thing.  
@UPSLynx The latter sort of makes the former a fail thing to do. 
wants mtv to turn off the tweet thing, ruining the show! 
http://twitpic.com/6dkpj - @lala0000 the whole thing shreded to pieces 
yeah but @ashleyaubrey tell me that wasn't the best thing ever. @omarandjohnny, will do! But Twatlight seems to be winning everything so 
@bintasvea HAHA omg i was thinking the same thing i was sure they were going to kiss i was upset 
@boratlibre yep for that purple thing 
@aussied aww, I can sympathise with that, it's a mystery how some people just torture themselves getting reminded bout that sorta thing 
Tired in the mornings is not a good thing 
bot following me and I can't seem to block the bloody thing 
@jonasrules7878 I was upset. And the ghost hunt was a special thing so I can't do it again. 
@jawabait ohhh well then. that's not such a bad thing. we have a big tv but it's fucked. bad screenburn. need a new one 
idk why i have this stupid thing i got it cause my girlfriend wanted me to but now i dont have one anymore 
It is hard not to beat myself up now for not getting a thing done all weekend 
@ddlovato jetlag is a horrible thing 
@ShonaQ - Samesamesame..i love eclipsee so far..poor rosalie   omg did you watch the thing with that borat guy falling on eminem? :L
That hornie kittie thing must be really desperate. As soon as I block it, it comes back.  I'm not your target audience, get it?!
@Olliez0r So true, I still don't understand what this thing between my legs is for 
back to work  but WOW only 3 emails that need attention! not sure if thats a good or bad thing :-/
@kravmascara hi sarah. Not doing brilliant fitness-wise tbh - had a re-occurence of shoulder problem, my fault entirely. nerve thing 
I'm feelin agravated, stupid mouse isn't workin for my laptop, damn thing, oh well off to wrk early 2day money is already nearly gone 
first day of school, majoor bummer. movies with d, e, &amp;f1. fuun though! -- so pissed off. err. trust me, you don't wanna know the reason, 
first day of school, majoor bummer. movie with d, e, &amp;f1. fuun though! -- so pissed off. err. trust me, you don't wanna know the reason, 
@falkonfly they have increased alot in last 4 months now a daily thing. No known triggers. 
Tired this morning the kid and I are still feeling like crap I hate it when she's not feeling well I hope it's just a 24 hour thing 
@kstay35 yikes poor thing....hopefully hiis teachers understand being what he's been going thru recently....  
@simplyvanessa I hate breaking things I've used or worn once!!! sucks big time  you poor thing xo
i wish twitter had an auto refresh thing 
good thing i went to the doc, i'm on antibiotics 
I'm beginning to feel insecure, not a good thing  I'm not supposed to like you.
the freaky thing is,i've flown with them before..honestly its like the worst airline ever.i've got a bad feeling. 
ok. is impossible in 6 moves. you've beat me there brain quiz thing   http://twitpic.com/6ebt0
has learned yet another life lesson... When given the opportunity to take someone to the cleaners, do it! The 'right thing' doesn't work 
Is fighting some sort of sinus thing... 
@tokioh lol that sux dsnt it tho? having to cover it up! lol my nana wanted me to do the same thing with mine!  o well have fun wearing it
still sleepy...contemplating nap already...this no sun thing is not a good thing! 
@igneousiceman .... sob   only one thing for it, I need a training partner
this air france thing freaks me out 
@ACRead @e_bookpushers I will wait a few weeks to see if they have it in stock- the wierd thing they state on the site its available  
i really want to put off this whole going to the dentist thing...  ugh
@kingsheir nope not funny at all  but is already done, by the way, I hate abortion thing too.
Wow did you hear about the aeroplane? they dont no where it is? and... susan boyle has been taken to a clinic thing because of stress i/t 
anyone know how to cure reeeally bad hayfever? my medicine thing's run out 
@yayaweeder Thats a horrible thing to wish!  
@juiceegapeach I know, I really wish I could...ugh, this whole waiting til marriage thing is gettin' difficult. 
hmmm not feeling the free read love  i think i picked the wrong thing to put up.
is so freakin frustrated with my damn teacher. He may know his subject but dont know how to teach a damn thing!!! 
@leftegg I don't know  but I plan on going to the gym regardless! Its the only thing keeping me going.
@ratvision yeah true. but the pinhole thing was my fault anyway! i'm dreading thursday 
@LindaJosey  not a good thing to say, really... not sure why, but this was a tragedy, and not a fantasy tv series..
@ColdHearted19 doesn't he like pets?? they r so easy to look after and r no fuss whatsoever the only bad thing is they dnt last v.long 
 ahhhhh this is the worst thing to ever happen to me
@Lioness01 it means you did your thing.  also whats up wid not following me 
crikey that plane thing makes me feel sick. brings the old fear back 
@nhoustonreed hii niiki  its was the best thing ever!! we missed u u werent there 
uhmm jazz thing tommorow / still feeling bad even though everyone says I shouldn't 
@CosgroveMiranda i hate rumors they r nasty,mean and hurtful. there r to many rumors at my school the best thing to do is not belive them 
doesn't WANT to fix all the formatting and broken citations on this thing. 
Has a stupid headache  1 thing after another eh! this is what bein at my school does 2 ya!
on our way to take hosanna to her 2 month doc appt. poor thing has no idea whats coming 
@ExpressCoffee I've been collecting since high school. The only thing holding me back is my hard drive space. Its getting full. 
@smoothiebaby  i hate waitin do for stuff worst thing EVER 
Why did I just watch that jade goody thing- I knew it had a sad ending   X.
this thing will not let me upload a photo 
@cajunmomma I know... I am kind of having a little afterthefact panic attack about the whole thing. I feel like such a bad mom right now. 
omg why wont this thing work  i wanted a picture uploaded its not workin 
@checkpointsw The thing is, I don't even have antivirus and antispyware installed. How could it be happening? 
the big yellow thing in the sky that appears three times a year really burns ur skin grrrr, too sore to sleep 
is prayin cuz this thing called a recession that we're in is hittin close to home.....alil too close 
r @OdeToCode , yes  I never could understand how they transformed such a simple thing as request/response into event disaster  
@NatalieRichards I'm whining like a big whiny thing. 
And I asked my mom to send me info from the bible justifying that having a gun is a good thing, and i'm still not buying it...  
@MalloryBrasher @mallorybrasher I know! The thing is- it's like 3 grand!  And that's slightly out of reach lol
@ginawittmd - It's that whole roid thing that makes me cringe... 
@prettymo587 sad thing to be watching.... :depressing: cant tolerate it.... 
@xmalier i know  but at least now i can get my camera installation cd so i can do that stickam thing next time
Writing dialogue sucks!  It's very frustrating!  I talk more than anyone I know, so you would think it would be a natural thing!  
not sure about that honesty-being-the-best-policy thing. not feeling much better after deploy-- er, *employ*ing it. 
@dannayna dearie, the same thing's been happening to me for over a year now. even the slightest change of pace makes my heart clench 
...this tweet thing is somethin i cnt seem 2 get used to...      ....
@hepburns Aww, yes, the poor thing! 
@kellysimone u mean no one to jones with... I'm going thru the same thing 
@akiraLOVE sure!! but the bad thing is.. i forgot my username and password! 
Just studied my butt off, now off to bed.  I'll be doing the same thing tomorrow 
@katharnavas omg! So bad... Everyone is replaceable  Why make thing harder for the new guy
is crapping ones-self ... 4 hours sleep and still dont know the bloody thing!!! why cant it just be friday 
@lisalent no.. ... its terrible when they are like that..  had the shakes earlier poor thing...  ....
up late again...this sleep thing...can someone explain how it works???? i'll prolly be up til 5 a.m. again 
of to a stupid fashion thing 
@DarkHaggis the thing that makes it worse is that it's right in my wardrobe and i'm just out the showerrrr. 
Most terrifying thing just happened to me. I don't know if it was sleep apnea, but I couldn't move, speak, or see. I'm so freaked out 
@kschroeder1720 that sucks about your suspension   could it just be your shock absorbers or does the whole thing need replacing?
@shelo9 nothing ! So hungry!  going to get grab some thing to eat and waste time eating lol
This whole waking up at five thing really sucks, especially when it's all for lectures and paperwork 
Still sick. It totally sucks. When i get back to school i have to make up a test and a movie thing. This sucks 
@azzyheartsw Feels like the kindest thing to do at the time. I felt drained cod of hayfever  x
@kenddrraaa owww.  is there such a thing as sun poisoning? hahaha
is doing the very adult thing and staying in to find a job, that and the fact I'm too sunburnt to go to the beach again 
@jordanknight   wondering the same thing.. though my hibs ripped the covers off the bed before he left.. woke my butt up..   
@iamthemessenger i love conan! good thing i dvr'd it bc i fell asleep watching it. i woke up and said ''laaaaame!&quot; i can't hang anymore 
I hate how it's gone cold  &amp; funny thing is that if we hadn't of had this boiling weekend I'd be like omg! it's sooo warm out. ah well
thinks he's found the most boring thing to do at work 
Feeling sleepy. Which is a good thing. Hopefully she wont wake up in e middle of e nite just to boo boo for u! 
Not a single clap for any thing yet this is not looking good 
@Nishaxoxo haha i watched that taylor swift thing... like... how is she actually so cool?? and why can't i be her??? 
This twittering thing is solid 
@the1andonlyRD no i didnt i know he won an award but the sad thing is that i couldnt record it 
Sitting in graduation. I just want this thing to be over already 
sooo many replies abt the fruit in the ass thing LOL u guys r funny. 2 long of a story 2 tell in 140chars 
@tristanking19  you should try taking some nyquil if you have it..sleep that sucker right off. its the only thing that works 100% for me
i got it i got it i got it! but youtube is doing some maintence thing so i have to wait 
@glossmenagerie I wish I had some- thats the only thing that helps me as well, but since I was on it so long they stopped giving it to me 
I feel like I'm back where I was a year and a half ago! This is a good thing! The only difference I come home alone  kinda a bummer...
and when you've finally been able to fall asleep.. a nightmare wakes you up at 3am. And that kinda spoil the whole thing then... 
I swear the smell and beauty of my beautiful flowers are the only thing keeping me sane right now from finals and feeling me sick 
iim so frickin confussed at how to use this thing! this is a horrible website 
I feel like a big meanie  I hope I did the right thing..
I've come to realize that noone ever talks to me on this thing. and thats really sad  *tear*
not amping this bio! cells are not my thing  who really cares about thlakoids and lipid bilayers???
@PandaCatBaby: yeah ebay is just ridiculous! the worst thing is they are books for my mum so i can't even sell them elsewhere 
oh god laptop occasionally makes loud angry buzzing noise at me  This thing is on the verge of dying, I'm pretty sure...
@MichellePen Haha aye, it's torture isn't it. I'm now onto prescribed tablets which still aren't doing a damn thing 
@shelliwazzu I would if I had some but I dont have any either  aw well dreaming the next best thing to having right
I miss barney's how i met your mother terribly. is it a bad thing? 
why is red bull the last thing i drank before falling to bed and the first think i drank after waking up?!??!!!! 
@dnel oh don't get me started on this oasis thing, the road i live on is the main road to the park and ride, it's going to be a nightmare 
okay this waking up at 5am thing for no reason is getting soo old!!! I want to sleep 
feels ridiculously ill &amp; can't remember a thing .. possible drink spiked.. 
@ChoChoMojo aaawwww you poor thing You going to be ok?? 
I wish some one was up to talk to! im so lonely and so sick! and this not being able to breathe thing sucks so bad! ugh 
This whole getting a random cold thing is NOT good  I keep sneezing!
@Genorosity @MzHenny that henny and that redbull is the only thing I fucks wit....they can't do that... 
grr i hate hayfever! thats the bad thing about summer  x x
@veronicasmusic i wish we had sun,thats the 1 thing i dont like about living in scotland  but sleeping is something am really good at lol
@swatkatt trust i will seriously b screwed.... plzzz temme u didnt do ne such selfish thing.... 
still hasnt got the hang of this thing 
@fadiputra debate before read. Its like common thing here 
i'm not entirely sure that mornings are a good thing 
@DigitalRoyalty my internet wont open the page     stupid thing!!! lol
One thing I hate is filing but guess what I'm doing worst 
Especially when I'm not selling a damn thing 
is sad  its not a good thing 2 know u hurt sum 1s feelings  now i feel really bad   
Thats the last thing I want to do! Just feel v.guilty for letting someone who really matters down!!  I let them down and myself by behavin
This whole security clearance thing is very frustrating. 
Not that I care of n e thing (lie n) @MzLadi_B n @BBkwieen let me kno who got what positions tomorrow 
@bengammon you would think right! No is the answer!  good thing is it looks like the project is guna come in on time, well at our end!
It's a depressing thing when chocolate doesn't sit right with ya. 
@BrianAtkins aw poor thing  give her kisses for me!
@egsantos can you teach me how you set it up? I'm not sure I'm doing the right thing  I'm such a tech ditz...tsk
Should have taken him up on the offer though. I broke 2 nails changing the damn thing. 
@kn0thing, did you let the alien get run over by a tank? 
@bleach226 aww that's the one thing I pride myself on  but I have no problem settling on some title gear in 2 weeks
@Skorpychan mine did the same thing a week ago! i dunno how i got it to work again though, sorry i can't help 
@kn0thing *drys tears* i was so frightened 
@LeslieIN  *tear* yes. It HAS to sometime. JOn hinted at it, and I read an article that joe kind of said the same thing.
him. Even the vet assistant cried, because she couldn't believe how calm he was about the whole thing. At least now he has no worries. 
@oprahspinfrey @minihorse ? like, as in, rob's little pony thing? btw almost none of those links worked. 
@ChristieKeith I sympathize with the hot flash thing. 
gahh im so over this whole gym thing. even my toes are sore!! 
@TurboMeg it's a cool little program that you should check out. makes this whole thing much easier.  its supposed to rain this weekend. 
@Aneesaah__x i feel like shit bcz of that sadaf thing 
@bklynnomad: maan...device setting up thing is not working out so far...to b con't 
Everybody is obsessed with my hair. and when they touch it, it gets dirty and that's not a good thing  I feel sorry for me haha ;P
too many jellybabies  or is there such a thing as too many? my stomach hates me right now
has wasted an evening shopping at the mall and didn't spend a thing! I am gutted I couldn't find anything I liked! 
Is this thing on?? I haven't gotten anything to my phone in over an hour 
@sylvia_tan wow, that is the meanest thing you have ever said to me! 
just fell off my chair ..now my back hurts  wasn't a very good thing to do oops  lol
Beyonce put on a brilliant show! I nearly died with pains in my feet for the whole thing though. 
@MrAnt704 not a thing now...itz raining like crazy 
crazy night tonight but worse thing is I don't get to see my baby 
@blazewalker      It's not like it's the worse possible thing you could be doing tho.
It's pouring outside - this whole rain thing is depressing  #fb
@MrsBonneau I'm hurr gurl not doin a damn thing! This weather makes me sad 
@arthurwyatt was all excited about the morrison/quitely batman thing; quitely's only doing 3 issues? 
@t_loose ya rele lol it wont do anything  same as that question thing  what am i doing wrong?
@PrincessBoddi yeah the poor thing 
In bed now, gonna have to do that sleep thing. I hate sleepin, there's so many better things I could be doin with my time ;) night 
Just getting used to this thing, goes pretty slow though on my compu 
well just started this thing, doing coursework 
thinks someone should bring me soup of the miso persuasion. I'm pretty sure it's the only thing I'll be keeping down for a while. 
@finara hey guess what i saw the guy who won the wedding ring thing lol we weere like right there we could have found it!! 
@twosteppinant thanks scotty, thats annoying! the fuse thing sounds awesome....now i feel robbed 
I tried to capture it to let it outside safely. but my dog caught and apparently killed the poor thing 
@changdice this updating thing is, at the worst of times, a one woman show 
@mickj23q What si this paragraph thing. I feel left out 
watching a friend self distruct physically,emotionally&amp;mentally has got to be the worst thing ever because u cant do a damn thing  sigh
@dragonflyb You're allergic to peanut butter? That is the saddest thing I have ever heard 
ah man...one thing I forgot to backup...my web bookmarks  *sniff*
@jess_0000 being stood up is the worst thing in the world 
I think I have an abcess on my gum, no wonder it hurts, they can't pull the darn thing out now til it's healed 
it seems that the #fixreplies issue is forgotten...  am I the only one who misses the thing?
@davidnotfrank I'm about to do the same thing. these damn slugs are getting on my nerves hardcore. 
@rmilana headache.. worst thing in the world *hate it* 
@wickedmind oooh  poor thing, i have a friend who has migraines, they sound terrible
@twinkle47  oh poor thing 
@nickmarvin yes so true but one thing is freo is suffering from prob the longest injury list in the league another fade out today 
@EdRoffe do u know what this cinema thing tomorow at :30 is aswell....im feeling all left out 
@Glinner re locked toilet,had same thing happen to me when in spain, rescued by police,only for them to discover 21 year old me locked in 
thinks loading a stapler is very scary thing  the fear of it shutting on my hand....
FINALLY started physical therapy - it's going to be a long road to recovery, and the last thing I'm told I'll get back is extension 
Someone nicked one of my books from the degree show! Who would do such a thing?!  http://tumblr.com/xht1ytybk
@levalley LOL! i heard the bed squeaking! yet another thing i don't like abt this townhouse! 
wow so there are ads and viruses on this thing already huh? lame 
I did a stupid thing n i wanna move seats b4 someone slaps me 
@gamathew No idea  happens to me from time to time. restlessness for no reason.. like som thing big is gonna happen..for good or bad
trying to study    what an awfull thing to do in a saturday
@KimKardashian yes kim, i did it back in high school.  probably the worst thing ever because the growing back part took f-o-r-e-v-e-r! 
@KimKardashian I have  and I missed it a lot, but it always grows back and sometimes, you just gotta let it go. change is a good thing.
I was on the celly about an almost free cruise that i won and I hungup on them accidently...that was the one thing i WASNT suppose to do. 
@Chilosa09 another thing I do not have. There goes my perfect ponytail. 
man, I don't feel like doing a god damn thing. sick 
@BMolko hellllooooo, please @ reply cuz i dont think this stupid thing is workin..or no one wants to write to me lol 
@mykl4 sorry  i was totally getting rev'd about the whole thing too
@cashstwit Maybe I won't be scared and I'll call in. I have this phobia thing about talking on the phone  Haha.
The sad thing was, the trailer tipped over 
@CrisiLouise I think otis is cos he has mmr booster yesterday &amp; some thing else as well, poor little bugger, both arms 
And... Mishie doesn't need to make peepee. Looks like we get to come back first thing tomorrow. Also, she looks violated. 
@avj I totally just turn the voice off, because it drives me crazy. And the fucking thing will only do miles.. 
is very bored in a wedding thing  but
@emjwhaling lol i know im shit  lol its this new rota thing we have  lamo but im looking for a new job when i get my 10 days off 
@ThomasGudgeon its on a latop seat thing - just had my legs curled up for a little while  sorry  wouldnt want any of that!
Man I'm worn out from registering and being at the mall, so of course the first thing I'm going to do when I get home is run 
okay now I undertsand how this twitter thing works, but still noone i know is using it! 
i want bill bailey to do the doctor who thing again! 
watching filo drama, stupid thing! so sadddd 
going to the random horse thing in weribee.... alone 
@tiffanaayb i do the saaame thing  impulsiveness is a curse.
Incase anyone ever gets bored, do not rub a pedipaw thing on your arm or anywhere else. It leaves scars. 
Why oh why do I figure out 1 thing then need to learn another aka why the hell can't I play blips on my blackberry?? K time for sad face 
Seriously crying still over that damn dogs as shark bait thing!!    Home from work and its shower time!!  Yes!!!
At this rodeo... Some horses are pulling weights. Most dumbess thing ever 
I'm bored. But I'm also more than poor so unfortunately that means staying home is the only thing I can do. 
@ZackFreeno only bad thing: we missed the fireworks 
@mommy2adia thats good. U poor thing  At least the baby's seem like an ok weight so far. How many weeks are u?
@iswimforoceans i know  thats where she works too. She was just doing her morning thing and she looked over and there she was
@yourmotherr no  i can't go pick her up now, and we might not get to hangout  whens the thing over?
I am new at the whole networking thing!! I am clueless 
At a wedding DJing. This thing ain't finishing till 12:30...  I'm tired!!!
@ kevinlove21  u might wanna ask her more about it though cause i'm not a member of team jonas  wish i were but the whole cost thing...
Pens will come back to win this thing...just not tonight 
the one thing that i can't tolerate in this world = alcoholics  but my frustration has lowered due to a solitary reflection in the park...
@HumanTorpedo wondering the same thing. 
yep.my tellys broke  im actually crying. this is the worst possible thing to happen to me. like ever. i dont think ive ever been this sad.
Almost every darn thing is blocked on the network 
The bad thing about riding...too much quiet think time 
@Nachhi I am sorry I really not into this, so no idea about any spiritual, spa thing  never look at things from this angle
@lesanichole omg mama! I am doin the same thing! all dressed up with nowhere to go! 
@reason70630 cuz I never do anything anymore 
god damn my pic thing is not workin 
i hate viruses on computers. ugh cant do any thing on it 
One of my bffs was on a gossip site..and not a good thing. I'm torn do I tell her? Eeep 
@iLadySyncere how was your radio thing? I was out so I couldn't listen 
okay i finally got one of these things. &amp; i want that old thing backk 
@BananasGoRound ooo I jus seen your message it didn't come up n my thing cuz my name was spelled wrong but aw okayy 
this distraction thing is serious. she needs to hurry up and come back, cuz I can't do anything either way until I get open confirmation 
@Issaaa thats so sad. i would do the same thing. i would seriously freak out and die. 
@vixy Wow! And I thought I was the only person who did the stress cleaning thing...too bad mine is computer related today. 
oh well the pink thing's busted.  au revoir. i just need to look for the telephone line thing now. *sighh
the greastest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return!... I want a love like that 
pls dear god make some thing better ! 
still having intermittent internet connection problem  good thing starhub is coming tomorrow. hopefully i dun need to pay any money =(
@PCSTACK19ummm...... i dont know every thing 
and i've gone and dropped the bloody thing in my coffee 
@sxypanda That wire transfer thing doesn't work 
@SadeXposed - The forced celibacy thing seems epidemic. I'm feeling the wrath of that crap too 
How can you say that @beautifullex , your the biggest thing in my itty bitty world  lol
: it is a damn good thing that I am not a mean person. 
@kyzable i'd love to. thing is, idk how to go there. 
@urbanfly lol already tried that one, same thing... wants windows ones...  we will not be beaten!!!
@sophiakills the childrens hospital orientation thing? I know right. I really wanted to volunteer there. 
@PeytonSlamming oh neat! I'll be at practice though.  is this a recurring thing?
going for something to eat. for ... breakfast. it's the only thing that made me get up! haha btw i can't believe it's sunday already!  
@HoptonHouseBnB It all sounds lovely to me, fish isn't my favourite thing to cook either, hate the lingering smell after 
@Nawel_xx its a break right now, enrique did his whole thing pull up a girl on stage 
Its so hard to say goodbye to a 4 year old who thinks you're the greatest thing in the world.  I'm so sad 
loving laying in bed and chillaxing. good thing ma doesn't know i'm awake, this could end real soon 
my lips hurt as well now  good thing i got me some vasaleeeeen!
Also hav a weird cut on my top lip, so good thing I'm not doing vids tonight. It's sore 
arghhh that crap. 99p thing has ended 
@StephanieDemick it might be verizon cause my phones doing the same thing 
I can't believe that this cell phone thing just had to happen during finals week??? When I don't have time to do anything about it. 
@chchchinatown omg you poor thing!  I'M SORRYYY. feel better!!!
@blindcripple I've just gotten into the whole hoodie thing - &amp; the need to participate in corruption &amp; bribery followed  #momentofweakness
@Stilettos69 i cant find any thing 
I thought some hot emo guy was following me but it turned out to just be a spammer/bot thing  a sad day for everyone!
@ChelseaaWhite woooooossshhh. nobody likes me on this thing  how sad hahaha x
wishing i was at the pool party, even tho thats the same thing as saying i wish i was at work. poopy 
@alenadoma thinks texting and tweeting are the same thing. LOL!  just passed out for the past 2 hours   i'm awful with naps
#apprentice oh I'm embarrassed  poor thing!!!!!
@whoners lolz, im about to do the same thing. such a boring sunday 
@TylerCohen probably the most unintuitive thing weve done this year. good time to learn it though cuz of the final 
http://twitpic.com/6v43x - clouds  no my pic but I saw the same thing
@buckypg ooh ! That repeat thing keeps happening to me ! Makes us look like idiots!! 
@doubleickey same thing happens to me allll the time. its real annoying 
Sadly, &quot;he&quot;' isn't here  I guess I'll have to settle for some phone sex. But, I want the real thing dammit!!!
thinks this is the hardest thing I've ever had to do, don't know if I can suck it all in and be friends 
@Carinabee I know I'm SO jealous of her  read the thing i posted on your fb wall
@nicktester i agree with you on the hate thing. but sometimes you can't help but express what you really feel. 
@FrankieTheSats hmm, its between chuck and nate.. chuck is sexy but nate has that pretty boy thing going on, can't choose  LOL
@arnoldkim but I'm thinking the gameloft thing could be a big hoax  http://bit.ly/clxhu
the rumors are the most stupid thing i ever read  
@eunicehwangbo swear the same thing happened to me for game 1!!! the worst 
@debbiedayglo that thing hates you. 
ps. it was probably the saddest thing i've ever seen 
@RichRocketship  same thing happens with our peanut butter.
@jennkur good thing you came to v ball!  but good im pumped!
it sucks, I'm really sad  and angry about the whole thing, Chilly needed a buddy 
@menglish001 whatever keeps you awake..poor thing 
the sushi thing didn't go to well....   is all good tho!
@jumpman85 that's one thing that makes me happy!! after this damn game tonite!! i'm trying not to give up!! 
Missing school - strange thing to say. 
@kortni_alys oof. that is no good. you're going to have to start doing the whole siesta thing 
@traceyohara @MareeAnderson thing is, I like the name I've already got, but I can't use it. No doubt they're all fine. Just not the same 
So, did you just say thats the greatest thing that's ever happened to me?~ I'm confused beyond believe, crying myself to sleep again 
@chickbot You have my sympatheties. I get them too and the only thing that can stop them is medication 
@ForeverLuminous yeah, thats the problem with working for a small company and working the night shift 
@paulloveless yeah and a dirty intelligence service but it's the only thing I can do for now 
I suck at the whole sleeping thing 
@ifahmi yeah, I think I will do the same thing. 
well sorry my thing frezes and i cant see ya messages so i dont know what u are talking about 
@JamesHancox lol I know what it is, I just dont know *why* it's showing up. It does the same thing with ampersands on the 'net 
@tim_shelbourne i think thats the best way   i hate needles - grrrr damn this stupid thing!
@MTVindia lolzz..but such kind of thing wasent expected frm him..i mean its weird  but who cares SHINEY..lolzzz
my electric superhero thing has like a small head  crap...
HAHA The weirdst thing just happened.................i found out that i passed the exam looool so unhappy now i cnt change skwls 
@whaleteef omg whatever is on top of the roof of that garage thing is creeping me out. 
@lizstaton i wonder the same thing about mine sometimes 
@Kerrsplat has none   The only thing I can do is hold an ice cube to the spots, but well... messy.  And super cold!
@hcsfchick .... oh you poor thing 
The thing that probably saddens me the most about gay pride events is that everyone goes back to hiding the next day. 
Just days to go and still NO GIFT for father's day.     Does it ever get easier to find the right thing?
Just woke up and watched my 6th grade memory thing. I still miss it. 
At this camp thing. Not entertaining in the least. 
i don't understand one thing in maths  help!
@mileycyrus  someone stole my bold the other day. ((( its so sad. lol. that freakin thing was my life...ya know?
@AmandaPatchin The only thing the little guy has left to puke up is his toes. 
I'm really tired for some reason.. I slept really well last night    but rafal comes tonight so everything is great!
Everything happens for a reason ... Right ? 
@Djrayyadig hey bro! i see u were up all night! good thing u took a nap b4 the movies 
@deanschick i graduate in october 2010. The thing is im studyin in 2 diff places so vacations dont fit 
Hey ya'll I'm still doing my job search thing. I had to turn some offers down because it was the whole door to door solicting thing 
Ah, isn't love a beautiful thing?......  *sigh*
has just come out of the cupboard from crying like a baby from that darn thing we call thunder 
babysitting  does anyone know how to work this thing?
still helping my brother with that hockey thing;  haha
@yazeez its good... but google chrome is better, the annoying thing about safari is the tabs and you can't reopen closed tabs 
@emmielovegood  At least...um... it's a routine thing? (&lt;--failed attempt at pointing out the good in life)
i have flu  the only good thing about it is the hot chocolate that my mom do.....lol
@comoagua - I play too. However, been neglecting it. I bet it's in need of fine tuning  mother made me learn, must be an asian thing lol
@GameShifta they took the damn thing down 
My leg isn't the only thing that hurts 
i had my first final exam this morning and it was math.i guess it was okay. i just hope i pass. bad thing is, im getting sick. 
why can a good thing never stay the same 
@JezDeliversDPS - never a good thing when a doctor breaks out the heavy stuff. 
ukkhh ok i give up @rustyrockets .. i only wanted to know one thing dammit!  xxx
I hate it when my teabag paper thing falls into the water! 
@carrielinn83 Awww that sucks...cuz of the graduation thing right? 
@kittywiskers that blows  I had no idea... I don't do the fish thing so... I hope all your little fishies get better soon!
Still doesnt know how to use this thing.... and has to work allll friggin night long  bad news bears
ummmmm how do u get the thing to send udates to your phone.. cause for me it is not working.. and it is pissssing me offff. 
@unbeliever008 the same thing happened to me last week. 
im signing off now. twitter is more of a thing where i talk to myself. its not as amusing anymore...  
it's so incredibly sad when you have such a bridezilla-thing going on and you don't even have a boyfriend.  Of course i speak of myself 
zoe is teething.. poor thing 
Just got off the phone with @matthewcostner. This whole 'there weeks apart thing' isn't working for me. Too much like our dating days. 
@SaikoSakura well, now that i got the speaker thing fixed for now, nobody seems to be able to hear me 
@icywhitelady sigh it's like we've been waiting for that opportunity forever but it just never comes.  this swine thing will last for long
I'm sad I worked so hard on my grilled eggplant only to feel weak and nauseous all of a sudden and not eat a thing 
@ashleyyosaurus lol i don't mind if someone doesn't like hsm, that's a preference thing, but to say they're not talented makes me 
just ran a cougar and a half lap and attempted to play tennis. then did the most dreadful thing of all.  fml
If it aint one thing its another. I will never get anything done this weekend 
I hate you banana that guy is hot  lol you suck you sexy person thing lol
@tobybot thanks, I'm not sure if they are. sort of outta touch at the moment. whole thing sux though. 
The new limb is on right now...and i cant hear a thing 
@TheJonathanT LOL well how many dress shirts do you have? i can't make it to the beach thing  lets hang on like sat or something then!
@noturgirlfri3nd I can't do ne thing I see.. 
@clumsymouth I completely forgot about the angry pilot eating monster thing. 
i know my rents r doin the right thing but every1 else is alowed out why rnt i ? just 4 one day 
@TheAndyKaufman dear god, this wound/rash/thing on my leg is fucking spreading!!  fuck you 
waaaahhh.. this is the most un cool thing ive ever done. wtf. i dont even know what kind of doctor to go to  to get it removed. 
@durkaderekdurka the horrible thing is everyone will because its on the O2 add and it will get over played 
@PinkTrees: oh my god, that is so horrible  oh the poor little thing .. what kind of person would do that to a baby .. that makes me so 
@PinkTrees: poor little darlin' .. thank god he's been put away for it, that is the most horrible thing to do to someone 
so hungry.  trying to finish up this thing and then going back to sleep.
I need a faster wifi thing and something to help me sleep 
i dont get this darn thing  ha
i cnt concentrate on this sql thing! I'm supposed to go home but they just gave me meds instead! 
Just one little thing breaks the tenuous thread of being ok 
there is no such thing as fairy tales, I tried that once and it backfired on me 
@smcoppola yeah its not cheap getting them out! plus paying for the guy who puts you under...you poor thing 
@nicsknots I always wonder the same thing! They keep scratching up our seedlings 
@shermaineee It's a good and bad thing, y'know? 
@alishamalik26 calender when I was checking the dates to write my thing for the sign in thing yeah and i looked at what he wrote for 2mrw 
@amysav83 aww you poor wee thing  do you think a hug from me will help?
@yeah_bro i &lt;3 tarnee though...cutest thing in the world and i want her eyes 
Trying to understand this thing. dunno even how to start and from where. 
@zombie_records I take it this I not a good thing? 
missing that certain thing that makes my heart skip a beat. 
trying to figure this thing out..  and workin late  boooo!
@kiwimmigrator I know, it's the only thing keeping me sane at the moment 
im hungry and the only thing open is woolworths  looks like its can food for me
@thejoshset i wish i had the privelege of doing the same. sadly i have to work everyday which makes that a difficult thing to do... 
@BrentLauren not at allllll... the good thing is is that I get to eat again in a few minutes.... but that has no flavor either 
@CandaceRae really stupid. Seems the only thing republicans can attack these days is the &quot;war on jokes&quot; about them!  how r u this morning?
i say the same thing everytime i update twitter 
@karawr I went to the city last week and couldn't find one gosh darn thing 
@playboybunnyx mmm i still have one left! ;) i actually forgot about them. but i just ate the whole thing on my own, now i feel bad..  
@SoCalGirl4Evr oh poor thing  what did they tell him?
@andyoureuglytoo You're a bitch. And the one thing you want...feels so impossible to ask for.  
@emzyjonas aw. yeah, i was thinking the same thing? why didn't they tweet about it or something? 
@LanaGail31 whatever, I wasn't up early, it automatically post that thing. lol. I don't know how to get it to stop. 
@JanSimpson funny thing is i'm a great cook. i just don't like doing it. tedium!!! 
DAMMIT!! somehow a load of contacts got deleted, sodding bloody thing 
@conversebitch thats the thing!!! i want guys to see past that!!!! not becuz im &quot;gorgeous&quot; or a cheerleader or an athlete... 
@SandiBotello im fallin asleep... this is the only thing keeping me from sleeping 
@ittybittypritty : lol! good thing no one saw 
@icklesal aww sweet, oh  poor thing
my eyes are hurting, i think its time to come off this beautiful thing, oh how its making me saddd.  sweet tweets, xxxx
...........but my god it hurts  how long will it feel like this jealousy is a powerful thing
this college thing is a bummer  duuuude
dick in a thing has never been high 
@jenblu good question. I have no idea what the best thing to do is, so I've not done anything. 
Last night was pretty chill, the only thing that sucked is that my phone isnt working anymore. 
jonas brothers new album=the most amazing thing ever made. Now i have to study for english and geo 
@shawnemerriman This thing won't let me direct message you. You look very sad to be in that chair. 
Ouch... Messed up my hand at the gym. The whole thing feels bruised. 
find couldn't n e  thing on vimeo 
@lovemagnet is he ok?  an infection, maybe?  i hope he feels better soon!  poor thing!  
@MadBlackPoet I feel as if I've just been judged  I don't prefer a ball player. The dude I love happens to b the furthest thing from that.
@is_selene: is 'nothing' happening a bad thing? And omg, I know!!!  I wish I could hang out w/you too!! :/ I want you to come back...
Moving is possibly the worst thing in the world hahah I hate it! But I did it all day 
@DAMAYAxGABAR  the last thing I want to do is give u a headache.. I just like ur pic
the Mahicans are not a sure thing ... I wish I'd hear from some of these families ... 
@DeviLizious ew. ew. ew. It's one thing to be hit on, it's another thing to be ACTUALLY hit on lol 
This is the awkwardest thing ever...he is weird bekki  and needs a shower haha
But how would a random girl from the Netherlands get the leaks? @eesti93 Thats a bad thing 
@kaitlyntrucks ok i didnt get a chance to buy it yet  and i was just wondering. cause i didnt know if it was just a walmart thing or what
@mundoo @FlitterbyG the worst thing at the moment is my spice store has been out of tomatillos for months.    I make a great green mole.
Parents fighting = not a good thing 
@zuzuhaha that sucks pretty badly. same thing happened to us earlier in the year. 
@juanne89 i noe.. but the helpless feeling will seriously draw me crazy.. cant even focus on a single thing now.. 
 i have one thing perfect going for me that i want. I have one bad thing not going for me at all that i want more than anything in the ...
4 to go!!!!!!!! Wish me luck for math guys! I think I'll skip tbi today. Last thing : I hope my physic score won't be so bad  amin!!!!!!!
feels bad . cuz he can't do the weight lifting thing!!!!  http://plurk.com/p/11iau4
@trekkerguy big thing out of water hurt chris 
@AdmanTemp what's up sir, i just saw your ps3 video streaming thing but I can up with some problems. So i need some help 
Damnnn sorry charlestrippy i sent you the wrong thing  ill still send u a pistacrd. For you,alli and jeff
Anyone know how to get trends on new tweetdeck app? It's the only thing I can see it's missing! 
#mobilemeFAIL again because i cant change to my mobile me email on my itunes account i would have to pay for every thing all over again 
@ether_radio ohhh smart thinking.. I forget that there's that whole time difference thing.. guess i'll have to wait then 
@notoriousnessie Thats never a good thing on my part though 
@fatblueman mine did the same thing a few days ago and i was forced to reinstall the firmware and i lost all my info  damn you grey apple
i hate flies. that thing woke me up at 7,30! 
goodnight..wait..good..morning..?  this whole not sleeping thing isnt working out.
@jukebox_grad you poor thing. 
@jbdazen no thats a good thing. i tried to dl it but it didnt work 
@chloeee1993 nawwws  bad thing is, i think i ordered the wrong size, meh i'd better lose a touch of weight haha
@MiaLee30 i forgive you sleep is an important thing and my lack of it is making me ill  the thought of bmth just makes me worse :O
@verflucht I'm thrilled, but my ungeeky radar tells me that i'm not entirely sure what a retweet is - is it a 'Look who said this' thing? 
finally finsihed art thing, but not in time to be able to watch that 2 1/2 hour movie tonight 
@nickteee well I rushed to google to identify the thing, it's harmless but means there's too much waste or uneaten food lying around 
one tree hill on etc tonight was the saddest thing ever  jack/saaaam @PULLINGTEEETH
going shopping today! (my favorite thing) and getting new wire for my braces...not my favorite thing 
My engine light just turned on. What?! Last thing i need, seriously. 
hmm... that's not a good thing 
finally moved in and settled...hopefully this allergy thing fixes itself....making it hard to sleep 
@amethystwings poor little pointy thing 
@chris_numb awww that sucks  and the weird thing is that here everyone think they are happy songs xd
All this 3.0 talk makes me sad.  The one bad thing about having a jailbrokem iphone...I have to wait for the hacked code.  
&quot;The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.&quot; -anonymous            this is how im feeling rite now 
@818Princess I told u I had the money a while a ago sweet thing! I totally would have come give it 2 u but I don't invite me over anymore 
@Jasonbradbury i find the same thing happens with vista. Then it takes an age for my laptop to install them 
hmm have to wait at least another 45 minutes for a possible response  good thing i know patience lol
wants her laptop back  poor thing all lonely being repaired in the apple store 
watching return of the king, well all of it apart from that horrid thing with eight legs. I do hate that being scared of them sometimes 
bigger... No interwebby thing  feels like a limb has been removed!!!
It's raining and I have to go out in the rain.   I want to learn to use that thing in that little room that humans use so I don't get wet!
@james__buckley hope you're not pissed of with meee cause of the dick'ed thing 
@taylormoll he is a lucky duck but the bad thing is i cant keep a secret and i think my dad knows what we got him im trying to study too 
So I bit through my lip while hooping today. It is the deepest fuckin thing ever and no girl will kiss me now 
uhh idk if this is a good thing AT ALL. 
, and that was getting me hungry..... but no food.  not a good thing.-End transmission*
trying to figure out this darn twitter thing.... how do I set it to my cell??? oh.... technology baffles my mind sometimes 
thats not a very nice thing to say  .. 
sore from working too much  but for some reason going back in again tonight hah...ugh..this no-socialization thing is getting to me
how do i send sum1 a direct message on this thing? 
4th post of the hourly thing. at this point im still reading at the job and i am starving.  anyone knows good jokes that can b posted?
I'm at work right now workin for that paycheck everybodys tired cause there ain't a damn thing to do 
@alexjonathan I was thinking the same thing-ish. And then I got sad because they are no longer together. 
@meganistkrieg crap i just got your tweet and my mom already left  but having sex with me is basically the same thing so....
This pregnancy thing takes waaaay too long. I just want my little guy here in my arms. 
@jmlovely I'd do it with ya babe... I'm all alone doing the fitness thing on this side of the world!!! 
@theKelsinator wanna hear the strangest thing?? i just realized that you &quot;@&quot; twittered me and i never got them until now! why?!?! 
@cooliphoneapps1 i hear ya. i was under the assumption i'd get turn by turn when i bought this thing a year ago. 
care the only thing that matter for her was being a stupid girl that doesn't care anything just her stupid hair and how she looks 
What's the point of this thing (twitter) I don't even know anybody here, haha!! 
@ashleybb omg I bet he is the nicest thing ever. &lt;3 oh no!  what kind of surgery?
I'm bummed and disappointed  But everything happens for a reason, right?
: complete and total hard drive failure. That's a bad thing. 
@jehan_ara We all want to say many thing but our batteries are out of charge 
@trniii that last tweet was about tequila not the swimming thing... That would be in bad taste 
One thing after another our car keeps failing us 
i feel like i didnt get n e thing accomplish today 
there is no such thing as life in-beetween, you're either in or you're out.. i know u re out, just dont know why 
@DeneseGordon she is 6 &amp; is bone skinny w/diabetes &amp; going blind but the sweetest thing. NO clue why lady took her. 
mommy please mom i need that thing for my holiday. huuuu 
@reichenberger13 i asked kevin the same thing...he never answered back 
@HappyCassie oh well that would not be a good thing at all 
thats the hardest thing I had to do in months 
@imcudi better be. I feel like we don't hear from you on this thing as much anymore 
@Dabirdman1 man if i had a pool in my backyard i'd be doing the same thing!!! u just love throwing stuff in my face huh? 
@th4ever Now it's not doing a damn thing.... 
ohhh noooooo i finish the book!!  tedious little thing but now i  can't believe it's all over !
im having some issues w/ a friend, but the thing is, he doesn't even know it 
i'm watching this thing on a dwarf on tlc, it's making me so sad 
@LmfaoJENN many humans  ... its a sad thing really, but there are a few good humans who are nice...hopefully you will be one of them? 
too much beef steak !! yes there is such a thing!! 
@alexWTrugs I just hope this kinda thing is not going to happen anymore 
@startupcentral I have kinda stopped working on the concept as of now.. I am doing it part time but not full fledged. nothin yet to share 
Just read the story about the puppy that was stuck in a waste pipe  poor thing
@theronster and the thing about tethering is you use it when out and about so no power 
can not believe the state of one of her pigeons ! poor thing has been got by a hawk 
@BekahEllen omg lol i offered all of u lifts in a brand new jag with a private cheffuer thing however its spelt 
@MitchSquires the dang thing!! We evolve to inspire student learning but bureacracies interfere 
@Lilylauren well i ring mine, but the whole battery gone flat thing is a problem!  iPhone isn't going to fix that 
@vanillawhip aww we didn't get to do the water jug thing 
So I wanted to check the latest tweets about the #hadopi thing, but forgot I have to learn French first  #barrier
@thelongmile  is anyone good at saying the right thing to girls?
@decryption I want to stay up and code, but I have to go to bed  This whole 9-5 thing sucks
@eatlikeagirl I was just about to post the exact same thing.  It seems there is such a thing as too much cheese on toast 
@ValCatherine singing lesson was changed. And i'll tell you about the ditching thing when i get home.  xo
is wondering how the hell you work this thing??  
is now at derek's house doing mte fun day thing while bro and cousins are playing mahjong 
@mylivetweets  I tried to get the desktop thing going but I am too small fry! 
There is going to be a storm wooooooooohooooooo but the bad thing is that i can't play on my comp 
@pimparella I tried the same but the only thing I see is 2 kids jumping in their little crap pool.. they look happy. 
i have to go now  mum's making me help her with her cooking thing  wish me luck o_O see u at 7, 2 hours of?.. tell u when i back
@amandaelizabot oh you poor thing. I feel for you guys. 
Just woke up!! its raining outside  good thing im going shopping later with my aunt!!
@sunflour81 no such thing as good and cheap thai food in charleston   there are good places and there are cheap places, not both.
yea they are pretty sure it got stolen, frustrating cause i really wanted a smaller camera for an event thing this weekend.. grrr 
@nerdwriter the facebook thing hasnt been fixed 
@LeilaSaleh I changed my name to get rid of the ugly _ thing. Why angsty,dear? 
The only thing I hate about being off from school is that there is never anything good to watch on tv! 
@thecraigmorris Its a horrible ear thing I have. Supposed to put olive oil in it every so often to clear it (nice) but it's blocked now 
@mattycus snap, well i guess it is good thing i am still trying to master healing heroics ;/ 
@RookieOne yeah, that was pretty cool. Only one thing sucked: I forgot to record the meeting...  
@MichaelManna Your luck with this kind of thing stinks dude  Not good!
@percussionpanda I hvent gotten a response yet  I dnt think I will now especially with all the stuff with his dad going on poor thing
@YayaOoh haha perfectly matched apart from I'm not a pretty thin brunette thing 
good luck zana daddy loves you be strong  poor thing
soo i havent been on this thing in like 2 months and i still dnt get it  ohh well! hahaa
@chimmykins I know not good is it. I can't go 2 the talk bcoz of my travel arrangements  tho might be a good thing so I dont hear spoilers
@wonder_nat The frustrating thing is you don't know if that prog is even recording. They always fail for me when it goes haywire. 
@officialpeta  You guys do such great work... shame you made fools out of yourselves with the fly thing... 
my mum's watching some wierd thing called psychoville... i'm still worried about my holiday 
@TreeYourWorld shame! and you're so close to launching  oh well the munney grubbers come out when they see a good thing like the 'your'
@auntieshawn519 yeah, damn stupid thing.  
http://bit.ly/PVVNv  this is the thing i never thought would happen in my dreams, but in reality, of course it did 
@mirandali I can't do the avatar change thing. 
I have such a confusing up and down day :'( I dunno what the right thing to do is anymore 
@bret323 if only such a thing existed here in C.R. 
I am so tired of the same thing everyday and i am so tired of being alone 
I want to experience my first comment on here  haha I dont know how this thing works!!!
@ReginaMina just change your password. The same thing happened to me. 
@sequitasequita one of my co-workers had the same thing happen. he came to work and we were like ....uh maybe u should go home 
@EGMTK yeah it's good! The only thing that still weighs on me is the bf situation, but I don't think anything would make that easier 
this friend thing is really getting depressing 
ugh. idk anymore about this cheerleading thing 
@DjYasmin oh and remember that thing i thanked you for? turns out it didnt actually help at all! 
@BryanRicard haha i hope so. i need one  lol type in pink zebraPRINT. lol not just pink zebras. there are no such thing!
Ugh now I have to take a damn cough syrup. This sucks  I hope that thing works.
@ali10230 alright. well name the time and place and it will happen. the only thing that could get in the way is volleyball 
why do I mess up every thing good in my life smh 
@desdemona poor thing  darn mozzies!
@bmeunier yeah... and do one little thing wrong and fingers will be pointing at you for a week... forgetting all good you've done before 
@PolaPremiumUSA i know i was so confused. dang i loved that thing   well thank you anyway!
@crazyyg yesss again  It seems to be a regular thing now.
why is nothing easy? some stupid thing is blocking a bolt from going in all the way 
umm......emmmm how do you load pictures on this thing  i don't get it
@whatabout_ken philosophy! which really isn't my thing so I'm kinda worried 
The one pro to being sick: my voice is raspy and sounds ultrasexy! Thats the only sexy thing about me right now 
@bethanyedwards Ugh, installing iTunes is the thing I dread most. Not looking forward to cleaning up my mess of music. 
@BobTV10 that's the funniest thing I've ever seen! and if his tongue was out it would take one some weird, creepy new level 
@corbinbleu HOLY MAKERAL! thats the coolest thing ever! lucky! i was on hold to talk to u today for 45mins, then i had to leave 
my journal has had quite alot of use haha, not that thats a good thing  anywaysss, finished school now, america in 3 days  yayer!
hates thesis... The moment you start progressing, another problem pops out!!! I think I'll have to start all over... 
my dad just said the meanest thing to me. 
@nilakar they had done the same thing in dec 07. everytime they change their name, their quality drops by 50%  #failvodafone
@jodeska I'm broke as fuck  I do miss a great pho. That's ONE thing I can't get here.
@InkedMom23 I think I have a weakness for this sort of thing. 
@ayyoangela that's not a good thing.  do u feel alright?
@alexiaaa aww poor thing  at least she's ok now.
@AlexanderLaw not a bad idea!! I'll have to look into doing the same thing. I didn't make it to smcslc tonight  to do list is owning me
okay i did the green avatar thing (thx J) and all i have is a green block! 
@VivaLaDomo no not at all sir no problem lol... If that's yall thing... The don't let me stop you lol.  Aww damn I forgot it! 
@JustJenzz lol my gpa went down  the only thing important is passing haha
@nettlecake a blind rabbit?   awww.  How does the poor thing get around?
Hayfever is a damn evil thing 
@mickelllee yeah i know!!!! i missed the chat too  but it was just too late for me! 3 am is not really my thing haha
The automatic air preserver thing keeps scaring me 
@bunnylake baha It is my new favourite thing, perfectamondo pour le weather, I was hoping no one would notice 
@iamageek So what's the geek thing I didn't get then? 
@marcusflint what is the green icon thing  i feel out of the loop :|
@jupitusphillip Wish I could be at the uke thing, but I'm 200 miles away 
my media project is the crappiest thing ever!!  gonna be sooo embarrassed later when we show it to the class 
@bex_1210 gaaaahhh they're all taken  I need to see this interview... Although the niley thing is still a shock D:
just thought i would let you all know the most agonizing thing about waiting for a jailbreak - no mobileinstallation patch 
@myloveforyou thinking the same thing as I stare out my window at the somewhat pouring rain 
@zurplemoon yeah, I cancelled both things..  I have a lot on my plate with the roadtrip.. So I will tackle one thing at a time!
Tired  Some stupid noisey thing out side woke me up sounded like there was 50  aeroplanes taking off  (N)
off to hurricane festival. worst thing: no internet 'til mon 
Scarest thing happen to me last night...I was almost beat up by 5 men  good thing I had someone there to yell at them....gay bashing  ...
@toyamarie I was just thinking the same thing... I never take pics anymore 
@secondtries I know!  but yeah, 'tis amazing. The first thing I'm doing when I get home is getting wireless
@SweetTartelette the only thing evil @ your b'fast is that you didn't bring enough for all of us   i need that pepita mousse recipe!!
still fighting with that hacked laptop..... ready to just format the bloody thing..... 
Giving up on the rug thing tonight, haven't even tried Ghostbusters yet  
@StephanieIrvine jeez i cant then either, doin a car bootsale thing with my mum and getting ready for it this weelend 
lol stupid orchrestra concert  but good thing is i got a new cool friend
wen boredom strikes there is but one thing a man can do.......i jus don't kno what that thing is 
@skylor  ewww... and you don't even talk on the dang thing!
@LeanneLyn yep I thought the same thing and I had half a tan! 
ffs this is the last thing I need  #iphoneupdateiscrap
pupils dilated... can't see a damn thing. 
@edwestwicklover :O why is it not working ?  are you sure ur clicking the icon thing then it goes to the yes or no bit :L
Just a bad feeling. I've got amazingly good intuition for this type of thing. Though, when I *am* wrong, I'm *very* wrong. I'm not though 
@KimKardashian I'm just the same!!! I hate it soo much  the worst thing is that I have to perform tonite w/my band, hope u feel better kim
@MsSexyPants what a f:ed up thing to say. mind my French, but that shit is whack! how can someone be so... so... rude? 
I don't like my pic thing being green oh next time I'm online I need to change it 
@frageelay i agree.  why try so hard to do invitro to have kids if you're not rock solid in your marriage?  and the show thing?  
@rei_silverfang about the walmart thing? I was having a good laugh last night. I was pissed but also wanted to cry 
@abirtmo isnt that the worst thing ever?! And theres never anywhere to sit down 
my summer has been ruined  i cant stop crying good thing @kieferireland is here to comfort me haha
@tommcfly guy, please, reply me, it's the only one thing i need in these times 
insomnia is a bad thing 
@Shayzorz ok good thing i didn't start filming the new one yet sorry about your video 
@jugramata ohhh you didnt post the horoscope thing! 
@HaleyWayne the worst thing about the storms going on is the satellite signal messing up 
@SandiMon @maddisondesigns weird how just being able to go out and get lunch is a thing of envy when you're quarantined 
 fcked thing up for good no 
@Droff   it actually didn't sound too bad out front. However nothing beats the real thing, that's for sure!
ewwwwwwww i do NOT know how to use this TWITTER thing... i get so confused 
no ferris wheel.....again  one day i'll meet someone who will take me on the damn thing.
once again: this word limit thing sucks !  it makes me wanna cry even more. boo hoo :'(
@iamNiicky poor thang  is thier any thing i can do to help?
@ddlovato i watch animal planet too  i love the animal police thing, it is so sad 
ok I'm swimming in moving boxes. sadly many of them are still empty. If I werent still at my old address... this would be a good thing 
@DezWillingham haha... thing is.. I loved his long hair now its all gone  but im getting used to it slowly lol
@katerocks aw your status thing makes me sad  i wish you would have been able to see it, but i found some on youtube so maybe you can!
I know I made one but just because I heard so  many thing about it.. But its lame 
tachycardia is such a bullshit useless thing and i hate it 
we can't have only two guys saying one thing in order to trend 
Is this the only thing the 3.0 software does... I can't see anything else  http://twitpic.com/7vueq
@mileycyrus hi miss lady... hope things r fine... better than how thing r going with me 
@thejose i told ya - i'm hooked on this thing 
@nitchxo at the walsall shop  I said I'd go in but now I kinda dont want to.. and ewww congrats on the engagement thing but you....
@reddave7 What a way to start the day  You did the right thing tho x
http://thisiswhyyourefat.com/ - who the hell posted musubi! i like blast. now i want to eat one. its the 1 thing 711's here are missing 
@eliiiiza I'm weird and can't watch the game live on tv......sounds like it's a good thing I'm not watching tho 
@xedays Ooh.. I love cooking. But the only thing I can cook are instant noodles! 
I hate this loneliness thing 
grrrrr stupid thing on computer keeps popping up so it keeps minimizing the sims 
@twizzle36  my brother did the swelling thing and no it's not nice 
@RedLightRuby I did the spa thing for many years.I guess I fail to play well with others in that atmosphere. 
gah. i can't forget that kitten.  poor thing
@Ereedmas To fix my guitar? I haven't got a clue what to do with the thing v_v. If you mean the post, I hope it doesnt take that long 
@ashleysmig this titter thing eh? lol too bad you can't make it to the cottage 
@jowalshy ( poor thing   kiss them for me .. it breaks my heart hearing news  like this ..
@LongandLoud yeah .. but you know her inside out, I don't know this kid that well  and she's a stubborn little thing..
trying to watch the final of the biggest loser but the stupid itv player thing is being annoying and keeps breaking 
cried with my hubby at sunrise .. omgg  saddest thing i've ever experienced
overdid the couch potato thing and now can't sleep.  http://plurk.com/p/12h15y
@wbgookin no pics here  probably a good thing considering I had just dumped water on myself.
@deadlyx [cont] i guess hiding it under there was a good thing! lol no1 looks for money under a keyboard !  lol.. *blush* including me 
only one thing missing... cuddling with @ccassiee ! 
Cleaning the apartment!  which generaly means shoving every thing out of sight! Lol!
@dailydish dude, what have you actually confirmed about the Sodum Metabisulfite thing?  get some advice from a chemist!
the last thing on your mind. the last thing on your breath ill be the one to keep you ill keep you at your best. 
wonders why she can't stop stare at his pic.. even though this was  ultra hyper stupid thing to do  http://plurk.com/p/12i354
@GourmetKickz I never got sneakerplay. I know that's a invite thing. 
Is chillin..i might be in for the day bcuz i don't think i can do the cookout thing!! I hate the smell of a bbQ grill 
i wasn't aware tay tay was a universal thing, i thought it was bethan's thing. sad now 
Its so gloomy  good thing i'm going to party!
I can't find ne thing to wear 
you see im not good enough i dont understand even the simplest thing... i may never live in england 
@sineadkeogh I know who yvette is, the poor thing  I'm glad ye're both okay
@AllHaleRose ohhhh  the pickle thing... it's over now [i think]... awww, please!
If there's one thing I hate it's watching movies alone  watching national treasure for class
@hollywilli some kind of aloe vera treatment for the acid thing .. inpill form.... no idea the name of it 
@TimothyH2O awww it was a last minute thing ! 
@hawpunch Yes looks like Appulous having issues-I downloaded an undate and it crashed my iPhone-redoing the whole thing again 
@thushaa gahh i know - shipping prices are pretty ridiculous  the sad thing is, we try and keep them as low as humanly possible
@hannah_kinyon And sprayed us with water guns. I hate this 150 character thing 
@little_d1976 u wonted to be out aswell ?? haha this stayin in thing is very boring  haha
@ILUVNKOTB I'm still drinking because it's the only thing that stabalizes me emotionaly... I think I'm bi-polar!!! 
@StephW87 funny story... turns out I only imagined having your number, which is a good thing cuz in my imagination I accidently lost it 
@vavroom Yes. That's the big problem with the midwinter thing. 
still trying to get a pic on this twitter thing, why the hell wont they upload 
at the hospital  hopfully getting this ear thing fixed...
i hate when i listen to a podcast while working and when the podcast ends i can't remember a damn thing discussed - multitasking fail 
@Tiianaa aww poor thing! tell him to get better and rub ointment on those joints. ily tiana and her daddy  xx
@kellguss oh no! that's awful  good thing my bff's dad owns an a/c company right down the street, when ours has probs they come right out
@supearlatives5 lol there's nothing like the real thing (cookies)...&amp; its  very disappointing when a dude is all talk 
I still hear a kitten meowing!  I hope someone helps the poor thing. (I can't find it, it's probably on the other side of the fence.) 
#iregret giving my orange thing away becuz I may never c my baby again.    
I think the worst thing about today was seeing everyone cry. 
@hellodecember knitting or crocheting (of course!) Making clothes would be fun, but there's that whole need-a-sewing-machine thing... 
@adamrucker I totally need your help!! I just got my phone and have NO clue how to accurately do the picture thing...  So sad!! If u can
diet dr. pepper tastes nothing like the real thing! 
Hangover, the only thing i didn't miss about excessive drinking 
@sallytheshizzle http://twitpic.com/7yve3 - i googled it too    NOTHING!!! it must have been a one off thing. cause they're was al ...
The only thing I hate about foot rubs are when they are over 
Wait did i miss any thing about niley  and did before the storm arrived ???
@eastatx dude, that thing at torchy's sounds awesome. too bad i didn't get off work until 9. 
@dos4gw that is a good idea. Is your thing today to be hungover and fluey? 
@swaga_hava1 lol my boyfriend use to play baseball n he like it. i watch it but I can get into it.... Not my thing 
sad thing is...papa is not here. 
LOL  I am too but sad thing is that I can't find my cube 
i'm sick and my mom teases me about this A(H1N1) thing.  
It's the weekend, so that means just one thing . . . more kids hockey! And a bunch of work of course 
 we cant find the fucking sword thing
its like this game where you make a chracter and go in a chat rooom thing but everyone on there is really really mean! 
Feels like a gross thing in my throat AJGHSHGS get it out 
@smaloy tell me it's not the prettiest thing too!  For some reason the plugin that lets me dl stuff from tumblr isn't letting me save it 
just wants this fucking thing to work from my phone!!! 
@moonsaults i am all caught up with weeds! i thought both seasons were good. this whole baby thing is weird though. 
Still figuring out what does that strange thing conveys? 
only bad thing is that I woke up with the worst hayfever that I think exists 
so now I've caught some sort of awful fluey thing, feeling less than good. 
@trentg85 yesss. the only thing worse than packing is unpacking 
bloody myntra.com guys .. fuck them .. deducted 300 bucks from my account and next thing i got was transaction expored ..  robed 
@wolfcat will keep eye on it-as i am disgusted - made comment 2-3 wks ago - about the exact thing - seems to target lower economic groups 
dan, alcohol is the worst thing for getting horny 
@EmilyMarieox i have to go tomorrow too for some enrichment thing...not happy. want to stay in bed. and my voice still doesn't work  xxxx
@HuggieBean nothin more then a disgruntled employee tlkin about how only a few things were different with the model.   damn iPhone...
thinks some people just have it all sometimes when we got nothing! Its not fair! I want the thing i can't have 
has to do something about the stuck model in his head  has to finish up and write it up and be done with this whole thing
@smilexjensyn waaaahhh  oh and good thing we didn't do anything last night. I died. :/
lol for a second i thought the whole tray getting shot thing was just a bad dream but then seth was like 'nope' and i was like 
the operation was the most terrifying thing ive ever put myself through,but so glad its all over. still in so much pain 
How is it okay to smoke pot in a bar but not cigs? either thing is not cool in my book. my coat smells 
@kristannevphoto oh no, so you were sick?  poor thing!
@SlimVicious sure thing! I want some old school... the names and titles arent coming to me at the moment 
this damm thing always ask what I am doing, well here I sit looking into the screen trying to think of somthing clever-----nothing yet 
i hate this freakin P.E independent study thing 
@jehan_ara then why are we hitting the poor ball , now i will start having emotions for the innocent red thing  ..  #PakCricket
@connierose04 Obviosuly, i just forgot you twittername adress thing so now I look dumb. 
dont have a thing to doo  boredd...
@luckygnahh well then, I frown upon them! and i never got the invite  or i would have. what's your new sn thing? i'll add you now xD
@freddyfigs &amp; @missmelisa2u this twitter thing is starting 2 become cool..we like it!! but i dont have berry  lmfao
is getting annoyed at itunes, it won't let me add anymore songs  stupid thing... anyway enough moaning
@kirstielu  yes I have three so know it is dear   But spending it on the house is a good thing but sure you can manage a treat for you ?
what to do with my night?  The only sure thing so far is that I have an empty tummy 
I suck at this whole shopping thing. 
@robertiwataki re:heroes/fuller eek! The idea that he was coming back was the only thing i was looking forward to with Heroes. 
is sad about the jon and kate thing. 
@ddlovato oh I know how you feel  just about everytime I have a singing thing I lose my voice. You'll be okay though! I'll pray!
i so refused to watch the girl nada dying in this awfull video which is going around and now the showed the whole thing in the news 
lol PINGED into coming back on here i dont no what to blimin say lol this aint fair this thing confuses me 
@ChelseaJayne lmaaaao aaaw.  I never check this thing  :p ! I want puppies 
seee. even when i try. i can never keep up wit this thing anymore. 
hmmm that white thing is getting me again!  I tried to chase it down on the couch but mom yelled.  
I miss school!  kind of a moment thing.
i dont think i like this new global warming thing 
@PapaRoachWhore awesome.. try to work on a few thing before heading back home.. sorry didnt have the chance to post the pics yet 
I'm back twitter and over-tired and stressed out  it's been one thing after another since my lil birdie died 
This whole vacation thing is not starting out so well. I'm really not happy at all 
@plutoniumpage my aggressively visual brain just turned the &quot;the more you know&quot; star thing into a ... spermatazoan.  halp!
I just stabbed myself with the fondue quick thing. It hurts soooo bad. 
@Faulsey Sowwey  *whispers* Is this thing on?
1thing I miss about the city? good delivery. there's only 1 chinese joint here and I'm totally afraid to go there...&amp;they don't deliver 
@casually_lauren oh gosh.. good thing nothing bad happened to you. but i think it's still scary as hell. 
@Rikou26 still not here  bastards probably will &quot;forget&quot; to deliver the bloody thing! :-p
hates herself. leaving her fone at home is the stupidest thing she could ever do    
@mysize_barbie ...But that's NOT a good thing!  
@ChiqueLife @spirit_kid The funny thing is that no one know she wrote the article because her byline was removed  
gotta write a short script for history thing 
Who woulda thought it would be so damn hard to make a bloody table thing? Pffffffffffft 
@ryan_sanders that probably is the saddest thing I've read. 
http://twitpic.com/87c5h - this is a scary thing to have happen to the toilet mid-pee 
The saddest thing is seeing your baby throw up. It scares him everytime! 
@Ms_NaToYA how do use this thing?!?! I don't get it 
@peanutparrot Awww, that all sucks  glad it's getting better though! and lol about the @ thing
is crying because she can't find her wireless mouse thing, and she can't make a vid! 
keeps looking at technical stuff and cannot concentrate for some reason. Should take this as a sign and give up. 
The only thing I dont find amusing is when I know that theres a wife &amp; family behind that number who has no clue what keeps goin on 
@DJMIKESINCERE beach? ahh hate u! lol..i wish vegas had a real beach, that's the 1 thing we're missin 
He makes me feel like i'm on crack...that's not a good thing 
@tommcfly oh, tom, thanks by the woman alien thing...  
@goefer lol nothin its just nothin to do here at the moment, my dog &amp;nd tv and weed the only thing that's entertainin me 
 @tweetdeck lost my groups, and thats not a good thing with 23k followers 
@mab_bond, I called 3 australia for the same thing, and they had the same answer as well. 
i support @perezhilton through this whole thing. poor guy 
@Mievolution is it a such thing as gettin height surgery? hahaha i need 2 grow 
@ohlauren I'm looking into upgrading, but our carrier was just bought out and the entire thing is a mess right now. 
@Azimel And the sad thing is that I'm the only person that parks in that lot.  They stole it from me! 
Myspace chat thing fucked up 
@kcounz lmao, i didnt see the spasms. aww, poor thing 
what the hell? that wasn't a very nice thing to say 
@soulcookie I know I'm the last person to say anything about this, but I wish you wouldnt get so upset about the tumbularity thing 
the one bad thing about ipod touches is they have the shortest battery. like ever. 
The only thing that would make this perfect is if my boy were here 
ugh!!! and of course they say no!!! i have know damn freedom!!! i cant hang out with anyone!! they just take every damn thing from me... 
http://twitpic.com/8cnoq what I did instead of going to bed. Not a good thing, the polish is definitely going to be a mess tmr morning. 
@smosh @smoshian @smoshanthony ;; I think i'd be better off with ''easy pee'' but there is no such thing  invent it! 
if I knew well...who I want...why am I letting this one thing bug me????!!! arrggg  I need my mommy...
@paigecrawford  i know  i came back to my dads today ! bummer. ahh i miss you&amp;kristi hahah. *i forgot the @ thing the first time.
One more thing. Austrailian accents are cool, aren't they? I wish I had an austrailian accent. 
@alandavies1 the green ribbon thing seems to have killed you profile pic 
@SUPERSNAKE1 i know....u end up on the damn computer too much...amazing how productive i am when i don't get on this thing 
hmmm its amazing how one thing can change your whole night.... 
@hollywoodtv let's hope it's not robert this guy don't need more trauma,that poor thing 
Chickened out and didn't jailbreak my iPhone last night, I don't know what it is but I feel a little dirty doing that sort of thing 
I hear about revolutions starting on this thing, but I can't get one going 
is kinda hoping shane reconsiders the whole beard thing. i have a thing for goatees and he is going to ruin a perfectly good one. 
is sad  jealousy is not a good thing when you trully love someone  everything is a working process xxxx
@gastrogeek1 actually the worst thing is not being able to stand at the hob for long enough to cook anything decent 
@lliissaa_ just this thing thats on my mind and i cant stand anymore.  people hear one thing about me and judge me.
@Pandemonium73 I know what you mean. The same thing happens to me with story plotlines. If I don't write it down immediately, it's gone. 
i cant do the @ thing from my phone, but we will, d00d. i had a nightmare and i cant go back to sleep.  and i smell toilet water...
@sylvia1505 lucky thing! too many males in here  I love them but I need girly stuff too
@lennel oh and the last time I updated the software, I had to reconfig every freakin thing even though I backed up my iPhone 
needs A CONCLUSION and someone to edit this bitch of a thing 
standing in parkcentre on some computer thing boreddddddddddddddddddd 
k someone tell me before i go insanee what does it mean when u keep seeing the same thing over and overrrrr? i keep seeing 911. 
@gg32 ..i jus wanted to cuddle her..poor thing 
@Laligin to be honest, I think it'll just be a me + the boyfriend thing. Much cheaper  however! I was thinking of arranging a fairground -
Just watched the saddest thing about penguins! 
that guy i saw at sunway, makes me think of kim hyun joong.   is that a good thing or a bad thing ?
@gracechareas hhhhahah nice grace!!! i want 2 go 2 bed but the fan heater thing is really good and i gotta turn it off when i go 2 bed 
@oodlesNoodles does the nifty nosh thing actually work?? I think im 2 far away 
Interesting stuff, @AdamOfDallas, the problem is that the follow/unfollow thing is hard these days, not for me only.  http://ff.im/-4pZj7
@dtanton nah  I don't like iced coffee give me the real thing!
@Alliemolson...allikins, man we need to get this thing sorted out soon love! you know what sucks, im working on canada day 
is going to the grad thing this afternoon.  don't know why
@ekrelly   notto  the  no rehab thing
@niicoleleiiman yeah! that was pretty much the worst thing ever 
Worrrrrk, this attempting to be a grown up thing blows 
I don't wish to be bitchy but if your 20 stone wearing an illuminous green smock thing won't help your cause 
So the running thing was such a lie. never happened lol. i wish i were more of a morning person 
How the hell did I forget to lotion this morning, its like a daily thing and I forgot... I'm already itching! 
its raining like mad cows outside  good thing skools over... or i'll hav to walk home o___o
@hairaddict_72 vacay is grreat! I could get used to this being at home thing... 4 awhile anyways! It's scorching hot here, not fun 
bored out of mind nothing to do sept chat network i'm usin down for some reson wish i'd brought some thing to read sigh  waah
@stephmccall umm I am guessing about 7 but I am not eating dinner, the only thing is we are going to be sweaty and I have just showered 
went for a rnd of the closest (legal) thing to weed but still not high 
@eve6er69 - I really do feel bad about the poor little thing. 
and I think it has a mind of its own,like it always ring when I'm taking a leak..jeez that makes whole thing embarrassingly musical 
@jia_zhen it's an odd little thing isn't it, 'is it from another planet?'.... but i think i like it 
@dg4G you may need to finish some of it off - can't even look at the thing right now! 
php eh - with Ubanktu - a thing of the future or just a tool for the anti establishment?  - seriously - any thoughts?
@lazygiraffe It's pretty basic and it's not my thing but then bears are somewhat medium core when it comes to sewing machine tasks 
@ChristineHitt workin on a speech? the one thing i've taught myself is that knowing wat 2 say is great but being yourself is wat sells it 
will go back to that working thing soon  before anyone here notices. till tweet
I got the telekom g1 android mobile phone and hell...its amazing what this thing can do! 
@stuartCalder you're welcome  it's the whole dog and barking thing innit? Lol! x
@jbkorver Seriously?  You just do not seem the knitting type if there is such a thing...  
@ctmini27 same thing phillies phans! 
@benjamindyer lol - well that's the main thing ... try to post before &amp; after pics if you can 
@Wakantanker well ur sausage thing made me hungry so i might just go eat it now... lol 
@cleftmommy0217 Aww miss you too! I'm not sure about the whole thing either, but what the heck... learn as you go! 
@Rudietoottudie good thing you didn't get a ticket!!!! 
@HZilionis The thing to remember is, obsessing sucks up energy you could put into that new story! I say kick worry to the curb. 
how r u all guys? this is some thing new to me; Please see my website www.funduarticles.com 
nyproperty4sale @JaxLicurse LOL u 2 make me laugh and thats a good thing 
@DeniseMM I know... It's an ugly thing. And, I'm seeing others getting it now too. NOT good. Thanks for sticking w/ me! 
@fearnecotton im making you a fan sign thing 
@jshe haha sure  wonder when can we invent the food teleport thing over the net. lolz #twitterfood
is DONE!!!!  I am officially done with college....what an awesome thing to be able to say! 
@angiechaplin hi. What is this #followfriday thing about? I'm confused?? 
@realtalibkweli I'm tight that I missed it but I know u did your thing kid.. any bronx appearances? 
@JoeNBC ah you poor thing, i can empathize with you a little. i my hubby is a rep. and i am a independent. stay strong 
fan says: &quot;letters burning makes me sweat&quot; ... we're not sure if that's a good thing or not... 
@mileycyrus i got a new bible today. it is now my goal to read the whole thing! 
@PreciousN0thing oh, I love regular pool...but I claim every dog shot that I can get!!  
@StDAY Haha, nope.  I don't think so, at least.  I do the same thing.  
@mistresspolly you should indeed! And some of that really yummy thing that you make that is like brownies but isn't? 
just finished playing rockband.. fixing this thing and sleeping.. 
uummm i just figured this tweeter deck thing out lol sorry if i didnt reply guys...i'm on it now though!!! 
i just went through my very first checkpoint on atlantic  im sad i have no followers on this thing =(
off to heineken trophy tour thing. vip access - its who you know!  
@makefate yeah, I knew it was a bad idea. It ended tho. Since he lives 3 hrs away and I think with a girlfriend, that's a good thing 
@evans3256 it's only because things are so cream-pants-worthy in this world. it's a good thing 
@kalebdolce sure thing hun 
going to church in awhile, I'm still not over the whole difficulty breathing thing -- but so far I'm doing all right 
finally home had a good time w.the peeps  ......feels good knowing ii did the right thing LOL!
@KateDonaldson lol yeah it's my new thing I'm on it all the time  how r we?
@Jitendraapi It surely wasn't curiosity... last thing i'll be curious abt 
i really sad about a thing...that ONE special thing...aaaah ... ok lunch now  (and my sister is here)
i think my favorite thing in the whole world is going to church with my boyfriend, yay for sundays. 
a guyfriend asked me for advice about love. i don't know a thing about relationships! lol. 
@sober_girl good thing there's an abundance of mtgs, right? 
@lannydoodle ;) awhh wait what's your tumbler link thing 
@RevzNexus the cool thing is that HeShe is not only mine 
@meliperez05 Yes you did...    You lucky girl... This whole thing is kinda confusing.. You need to add some stars...
jus now gettin up on this twitter thing...looks wackkk to me! 
@littledavo haha thanks  now its done, and i can check one more thing of that to do list
@SteveUSC gotta love pedometers!  I do a whole 10000 step thing with my students  we walk across the us together!
@marisaur welcome to twitter mari!  soon you'll be addicted to this thing. lol
The good thing about having an almost 6 year old brother.... when you are crippled from surgery he will do everything for you! 
britney spears has become a fan of mine. she is following me on this thing. haha go me! 
@siriuslyheather i'm prolly gonna rock dresses all summer b/c they're the only thing that fits right now. and they show off my boobs 
@horsedreamer I got your text. That is a good thing 
@beccabaybeh ohmagawd. thats got to be the cutest thing i've ever seen. 
@MarianaOrlandin yeah i've wriiite a thing to guy  for telling that we love her!!! she need love !! how r you sweet's?
@missybo0x3 wait can u link me to the utube thing u got it from.. im half retardedddd 
@mikeylemieux ooh... i might try the doodling thing 
Finally starting to get the hang of this thing  yay!
@MissxMarisa hahahaha  you make that sound like a bad thing!!!!!
wow. the maid didnt cry. good thing 
@tommcfly somthing funny! comedy is always a good thing when on tour 
@b50 then read the lines in between.. rather than reading the entire thing. thats what i did btw 
@MissIva oh so this is the thing you do on internet i'm nearly impressed  wowy.................. ........... ....... guess who I am anyway
@arsenalarran really struggling with that arsenal thing ;-)  oh well, you do arrive highly recommened 
definitely not the ex thing tabs. she's not worth my attention. haha 
@gcdrumguy11 We have to work out that early entry thing ... I don't give a shit about my cheeseburger or the bathroom! 
I just did a very creative thing to speed up my experience at jetblue... Though my ankle does hurt a little.... 
@ddlovato lol, I've always wandered the same thing! btw, thank you for answering my question in the live chat 
@akakrista good thing you have a friend who is far, far away. you're always welcome in the tundra  the snow is allll gone now!
@dannywood I wish I had that kind of discipline. I guess it's a good thing I have good metabolism 
@tonyrobbins Sage so good to hear a tweet from you &amp; I promise a dork is the last thing you are! 
@masontech I was thinking that, but I think the bings would get irritating!   The only thing I miss is a Favourites view.
This cmd-return thing is too Photoshoppy for me. But I'm pretty sure that I haven't been injured by it yet. So I should be just fine. 
@theirisher 1st thing to learn abt IT; if your keyboard has a smell, you've got problems. 
@brother_rat yep, if there's one thing they are fantastic at, it's support. can emphasize enough. and it keeps getting better and better. 
 i feel proud that took up the whole thing
@stinggoddess its an awesome movie. i fail to see how that is a bad thing. and yes they were fine 
@MerewichDaBitch what's the last thing that goes thru a fly's mind when it hits your windshield?? .................. it's arse. 
@vindicated_me thankkkks i just figured out the @ mari thing so i had no idea anyone wrote to me 
its like the only good thing about being unemployed ... get to enjoy the lovely weather 
@procopy Clever and nice, thank you.  So you can be weird, dorky AND hip? ... or was that that sarcasm thing again. 
hmmm saw this thing on a commericial for sprint...seeing what its about help me if you can please 
@40deuce I love you for using this hashtag --&gt; #SUCCESS!!!!! )) no such thing as to much positivity!  agree with more 3D stuff 
@eschaton @mike3k  thx.  getObjects:range was *not* what I wanted, but the first thing that jumped out...  subarrayWithRange is perfect.  
@dannybrown  - that I can't deny - but who knows, do you have a thing for 6 inch heels and gold lamay?
@melissamgregory funny inside thing between another friend and I. 
@trex279 still in alpha? thats a good thing then, we can expect a lot more features 
@socilover *laughs* well you are home now.. that's the main thing 
@trohman wierd, but at least one good thing came out of it, some random u know nothing about thinks ur the man. well done trohman. 
A 12 and 2 yr old. both girls. both surprises. hence, the starting over thing. 
@cronkshaw tweeting about hair mishaps is one thing.... twitpiccing...... pic of the finshed product please 
@marcins The thunder I just heard tells me it's a good thing you're indoors. 
@ghostlove thanks for trying  difference is you accept yourself and like yourself; I loath myself so this is just another thing to hate
@Honeypott310 no jesus thing, just how i am,  alone and outcast,, never did well in crowds, always too quiet, maybe why I love to write
i never follow yall suggestions. i just always do my own thing. i WILL run the game 
@gsik Thanks for the hit on the bootstrap logo thing 
@mrs_bopp I'll twitpic update you so you won't miss a thing 
@jesssicababesss omg that would be the best thing ever! 
@TheDarrenxshow lol errrm maybe not :/ i'm well stocked up with that sorta thing aready, plus was shopping with the rents 
So I would like to say sorry to people that took time to send me videos for college thing. But idea changed now. But thanks for helping 
@ddlovato yes, it's right but i think you're trying to speak well and that's the most important thing 
@kaotic2 hehe I'm proud of the thing  soon..it'll be off to college, &amp; I'll wonder where all the years went..::sigh::
@KhloeKardashian I second that.  The only thing is you accomplish more, but I would still rather sleep in. 
@AstronautOne  There's no such thing as carb overload. Also? Not still morning. 
i love this whole relaxing thing. not worrying about anything. it's great. 
@h1n1pig h1n1 is the same thing  i love idiots
@mrhyrne  I wasn?t gonna say anything but that first correct answer thing....well.... LOL
@FallingRainx Haha it's kay I do the same thing all the time 
@heathsharp Because he is very veryy attractive, whitty, very very attractive, and has a big ginger thing to play with 
watching myself when I was born. I was ugly. good thing I turned into this ball of cuteness 
@zomb1etron I'm about to do the same thing based on @lexiphanic 's sale tweet 
Its great when you can watch and predict the trajectory of a game well played..... Lol no such thing as jade just a mirror of reality 
@cheer_freak2009 cool!  what thing are u gonna use???
Another day then wonder if any thing goods gone to happen? 
@redefini i envy u for the romantic thing ;) and SEEEE no killing 
@mynameisdom yeah..I enrolled to study Law and then changed my mind... good thing I did hey  haha
thinks that being a jerk is one thing, admitting that you are one is another 
i really need to start thinking about packing, funny thing thou i don't even know where my suitcase is 
@skinnyjeans they say &quot;bus movie&quot; like that's a bad thing.  Buses rule!
@blowdart hmm, not sure that's a good thing necessarily. 
@lishman omfg i used to love that thing!! i srsly spent my entire childhood there 
@annwhit @keza34 nope not a stupid question at all. I ask you guys about things all the time 
@icewulf You're right!  It is the responsible adult thing to do, and we need to clear off the counter! xoxo 
@shrdlu that guy obviously has a problem with us Canadians.....what a tool 
@PoetED i know... Thats the first thing i thought about 
@jerico secret! haha hmm. where's fluffy wasn't the most impt thing for them anymore bcause they already have each other. so they bailed. 
@jazzmodeus I guess it's a good thing I enjoy being a geek then 
my fav thing 2 do...shopping 
@richiebeebe that is up to you...and the universe to decide, besides it's one more person on this thing, better than none 
@jesseluna I'd do the same thing. In my old house, no corners are square, nothing is level. Amazing it's still standing. 
@coderbrown didn't want to say anything cause it was a fam outing for you and I. The last thing our wives need is geektweets gabbing 
@erdoland my wife said much the same thing, only not about the tweets 
The hardest thing to do is forgive...but god does 
@lilcdawg omg! I said the exact same thing in my head right now and now im in line to get ive cream! 
@TempestsMoutard Whats with all the CAPITALS? Yes it is  omg don't scare me like that *_* I'm totally scared of that thing. cupcakes?
in the midst of fufilling my destiny! p.s. i never realized letting go of something was possibly the greatest thing for me...until now 
@edmigper oh i see.. well sad for you guys, but its  not going to stop me from using it.. we each have our own personal thing were mad at 
@modernartrocks hahahaha, I've got the same kind of mind. my favorite thing is &quot;that's what she said&quot; 
@devincastro no such thing as too much starbucks! 
@TelecomNZ hmmmm.... *sneaky thought* any chance you can weight odd's in my favour for me to do a test drive thing? 
@benny_bennett i do the animal rescue thing. obviously!  i love that. even if it is just setting up transports, i still feel better
@musicsinmyveins Ah yeah, mine is touch sensitive, etc, as well. The only thing I wish it had is weighted keys. Have to use the upright! 
@tayne_gheel Not a damned clue. Probably just a networking thing. It's a shiny new toy, though. I'll find some way of manipulating it. 
@ParsiGirl let's see how long we keep this thing going 
I just got a sweet little add on for fire fox. Foxytunes. n.n You can have a little control thing for your music player on your browser. 
@idkkirsty yeah, its just day surgery but im still scared lol, but i'll be fine  its just like some cyst thing haha.
my back feels better!!! yay!!! I can be spaztastic! always a good thing 
@fipz i know it is stepford wives. I do live on st mary's island. I quite like that kind of thing! 
@mohdrafie Theres no such thing 
@vhcoffee And the first thing you did was get your twit on.... 
@aworldinside ngl, my favourite thing about wikipedia sometimes is that it makes wookiepedia such an easy pisstake. 
back home early for once  - wow this thing is getting addictive..................damn u phil XD
@ImajicArt same thing happens to me all the time 
@sabbymcguire aiyo! so poor thing eh you! nevrmine la, the night is still young 
@sweetemmaxxx yeeh. i also have a thing for drummers  basically, all guys have 2 do is play an instrument or sing and im all theirs :p
The rain is good for one thing; getting dudes hoodies  haha!
@electricbluebrd Aw thank you. I suppose it's a good thing since it means more tweeting. 
@photojack i am tempted to say that twitter is the best thing since sliced bread  #togs
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/4vuuy - thats the most colorful thing ive seen all day,wow. 
chillen trying to figure this thing out gettin drunk 
its awful breezy out here good thing they sold blankets! 
@chriskoon aw, sure thing  their in my thoughts and prayers.
@rockndan dude... i tried the vegetarian thing and i lasted about 2 months... good luck!!! going vegan is intense!!! good move though. 
@_danni haha that's the stupid thing, I did and I'm still getting them &gt;:] 
i was screaming like a maniac!  But the thing was u couldn't scream on the ride which sucked the fun out of everything so...
@KatieKatPink it's not a test to find cancer, it's just some stuff in regards to; in this case, positive results would be a good thing 
@misskg86 thanks kelly! that means a lot.  have you figured out your apt thing yet?
@alexnobert one thing is good enough for me. friendship retained! 
The best thing I have ever done is carry and birth a child 
@blue_raven oh, I'm skeptical too. I just think it's the best thing he could have said under the circumstances 
@KandyBee we shuld do  a dance like that its seriously the best thing haha. see yu tomoro. 
Early morning walkies really aren't my thing... at least it's vaguely warm 
Hopes to find more mates that are on this thing 
1:40 am...seriously can't sleep. I heard the last thing you should do is be on the computer when you can't sleep. hmmm. what do they know 
@NiftyKnits I was saying the same thing yesterday! So I droped 120 tweets! No the smarted thing bussiness wise, but can find real people! 
@zuzu I didn't get a lot of sleep myself last night. And it is a good thing, reading 
@MollyMaison moooooooooooooooo? lol i copied that last.fm thing you had  looks good
mcfly gig last nightt omg it was amazin didnt sit down through the whole thing  mcfly did you see me and ma best mate we were in tutus
fear crept in but it's already been dismissed. now let me do this thing right, coz this time the feelings are there and it's so different 
@shaunjumpnow awww poor thing haha how was grooving tho? remember anything, i have to ask you a question 
@vacant_heart thats the first thing done in the morning 
@shaggieshapiro yep. times have changed. and that's a good thing. 
zebrahead vs. paramore - crushed into you. very cool thing.  best mash-up i've ever heard. ?
@happyinspirit They will be a huge hit I'm sure. I'm not much of a chef but maybe this could be the start of a great thing 
Best thing about not eating or sleeping: it makes it easier to zone out and ignore a shitty day. Except seeing cassie, that part was good 
@brenda188 LOL I do that same thing! So funny! 
@luvmytwinz I read that and said the same thing lol I choked on my water I was like...smh yungins lmao just raunchy!  nothn wrong w it lol
@pfanderson i'll turn that augustine thing into a blog post.  then all the world can have fun with my crazy ideas   by may 18 or so.
@rayngraphics nope but its the cool thing to do  hehe
@kkeheley cute it a great thing!  atleast for me it is...
@vipvirtualsols: When is the last time that you said or did something embarrassing thing that you couldn't take back? -- ME?? Never... 
@CristaltheGreat aww..some boys jus don't now how 2 act huh?..good thing I'm not like them 
@nodabear89 I love tht thing lol it makes me happy  so @Cmacbrohn87 are u about to use urs as well?
@matthewkempster i ment that the mcfly thing that was on the trending topics. amused me cause i was helping that saty there 
@LylahJ I would've done the same thing...should be a cool party 
added some new tweeps to my following section thing. they must be on the other side of the world!  coz they just sed goodnight.. haha
Too much studying is never a good thing. So instead I'm going to sleep 
@MilanQ ...scoopy scoopy scoop!!  sure thing!
@carollbaroll oops now I did the correct thing 
@orbitcreative cool video. I'm sure it sold for the flu thing. 
@RickyBee Penalties would be a good thing, seen our goalie  and thank you for the stats x
Has sore legs. But it's definitely a good thing 
morning. guess who got accepted for the midlothian orchestra thing? me 
@empiremagazine Isn't he always, a bit, in these videos? It's like his thing. 
@ArianneFTSK the only thing we can do is make a band of our own become famous and ask to meet them, become usa citizens and move to texas 
how the heck do you work this thing? 
@aplusk They forgot one thing on that list -Lesbians !!! 
@hamptongirl yea that would probably be your best bet...just remember you guys ended for a reason 
@Jamiebower you know there are medications for that sort of thing these days ... just saying 
@Cosmotini good to know if this blogging thing goes south i can have a job writing tongue twisters!   :p
@JBFutureboy Ahh I totally loved busted, but I guess it was the right thing for you three to do. I'll be your fan, no matter what you do 
@PotterMoosh woooo!!! It was funny though - check out the pic , I've got over the 'shock' thing now and just think it is hilarious! 
@lid86  yeah... they can be a kind of sweetly awkward thing.  
checking out how this twitter thing works. 
My little patrick in a suit without his usual hat is the cutest thing ever. 
@bikeguy13 not sure if working on a saturday is a good thing 
granted filter isnt the hot new thing but to have my bands name in the same paragraph as theres and just ours and theirs! 
@lawreca  i do thats the only thing that keeps me this sane ... but its moly so much the can do...hard to say though and you forgot jayk
Feels very sad that she missed a highly entertaining conversation spanning many a scandalous thing . . . .  i like
please don't do the satanist thing I like religion free best. 
A drop-dead beautiful person can open their mouth &amp; ruin the whole damn thing 
so ya i try to get every thing i can in every game  me no life but i like playing 
@BrianMcnugget Really liking that song. I have a thing for Irish blokes so thanks for the link 
you know what the coolest thing about what I am doing right now job wise? I love it! 
@alittlebit Sounds like a pretty regular thing for A - no &quot;incidents&quot; this time I hope. That sounds like a good idea to me 
@evilitlsquirrel @naxos no thats cool by me  twitter thing 
@herlastdownfall: uhh', it's okay. I understand the internet connection thing. 
The best thing to do right now,is to chat with my classmates. 
@darlene121 haha, totally  there's no such thing is a fun and exciting lesson! Haha
going to one of my fave things in whole world... a CARBOOT sale! yeah man  x
The best thing about success is the ability to pass it to other!  
@monnie Sounds like the kind of thing I'd do too 
Waiting for my clothes to dry at 11pm... and to pass the time - dancing like a loser in the laundry... good thing no-ones's filming it 
updated kt's twitter and am now getting up to get ready for graduation thing at church. cookies for breakfast sounds good.  
@paula721 It gives them so much joy......you are right it will fill her soul. Everything happens for a reason! 
@huoluohao HAHAHAHAHAH, dun worry,  its a good thing to hav me in ur house, my fren. HAHAHAHAH
@TheClimaxan   the fact is i don't even know if the thing is in tune. so that's step 1. and then there's my lack of rhythm of course
has a new thing for choclate milkkkk 
@cara19 I'm actually working on a LOT of things, some I'm keeping under wraps until next month  I create my own motivation, in a loud way.
@DavidArchie one last thing! lol ... Thanks for sharing your music to us! 
@FSteven lol  which is prob why rissa has not made an appearance yet lol  did u get to meet him as well n sutff? saw vid of brief thing.
@PreciousLittle I bet &quot;we all&quot; can't wait either  go do your thing girl !
@PENLDN seen the ads and it look like my type of thing 
3 little birds pitch by my door step singing sweet songs of melodies pure &amp; true sayin dis is my message 2 you: dont worry about a thing 
@TrinaWright the only sane thing block her, you 
@hannmcfly hahahah  you want me too print you off a caged bird thing?
safari 4 is awesome.  still need 2 find out how 2 to do the cover flow thing.
@TheChessQueen he's fine now.did the warm rag thing and a pepcid, he bounced right back! thanks for asking! 
@brittanyknol hi lovee  i finally decided to get this thing, but i need your help working it i dont have a clue! love yOu!&lt;3 first tweet!*
@RealHughJackman family is the most important thing. loved wolverine. mr jackman you are a talented fellow!  have a lovely day! x
Decision has been made, woohoo (oh, &amp; this wasn't about the cake, lol!) I'm being bold and doing the less favourable, more sensible thing 
@luvlyNES and I like the rice on the side thing perfect for us latinas!! 
@KrisWilliams81 gotta love lethargy when in the best surroundings. I'm doing the same thing, really. 
smartest thing i ever made 4 myself- baby sling. this was outing 3 w/ the sling &amp; no crying. 
@mhenslee beard superpowers are a good thing. 
I was in my room dancing haha. I didnt feel a thing 
@lionl just noticed the quiet thing too - me, evanescence, and the ritz 
@MikeIsMagic sometimes if i spell shit wrong or tweet about the same thing twice 
I know @merriesullivan ! But that's a good thing though  our place is looking great with our new stuff! Thanks @jdsully8 and @aeosullivan!
@kairitu good thing i am not in charge. i would fire the lot and get some who have some initiative and less of att. 
Ah!!! There's some pplz I don't know that's eating in my house it's kinda freaky but good thing I have my samurai sword 
Just watchin tv and relaxin, trying to figure out this whole following thing!   I'll get it! LOL
@oliver_kellett I'm not saying it'd a bad thing, don't worry 
Storytelling is the most important thing because it forces you to do and learn  (@torres21) #qsite
@dreadpiratemick :: lol  I know. WTF was the only thing that sprung to mind 
@mark_ca that's exactly how they see it  the crappy thing is they usually make their decisions from a money standpoint &amp; not....
something different sounds nice  no bs just the real thing.. ha  well gn&lt;3
@jenAMnmpM has anyone explained the @ thing yet to you? if not, lemme know and I'll see if I can make it understandable 
For some reason, @joyarogers, your job description sounds like the coolest thing ever...   I wanna play too!
@livbambola don't have a picture/link, will show you friday  but its a sweatshirt-material moto-style kinda thing with zips
@d33pak  bournvita is the only thing I know to make.. apart from boiling water  kitchen and me dont get along well  @fraands
@smanjunath I remember you telling me once this same thing holds true &quot;what we think, we become&quot;  
he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar, the only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star - great song! 
@LauraAWNTYM Of course dude, it's my signature thing now  (with poor commentary too, you'd be proud!)
@ambermaishment yes you are obsessed but its a good thing baby  becuase now im not on my own in the land of twitter from rml ;)
It's great. It's kind of like having a second penis.    ...it's a nerd thing...
@gustavarnetz definitely  (just need to work out the whole oz thing - start a band and come back to london on tour!)
@llauraxxx Written the title, she got pissed off with me   The funniest thing is, that was one of Tahlias cheerleading Judges  HAHA
is wondering how this twitter thing works 
I got to get off for a bit to shower &amp; get ready for work. I hope @pntbtrkisses can figure out the pix thing! 
@forbairt well it's a sponsorship thing, so it's not really like we won a prize or anything 
@patvandiest that's a totally different thing dude  besides, the girlfriend is very compatible it makes everything easier 
@frambuesas No such thing.  xxxxxx
&quot;How do you send someone a mail message on this thing still trying to work it out&quot; Lol 
@kerryisonfire kerrrrrrrrry! wheres the thing which you steal youtube videos from? 
these wounds are self-inflicted. one more thing, i'm addicted to you. 
Just got up...4 the 3rd time all night, pain is a terrible thing.. trying to deal, this helps..friends, other things..mind over matter 
@alexalbrecht http://digg.com/d1rUnK - How they made the 21:9 freeze frame thing. 
@draculabus 2001 can S.M.D.  p.s. whats the metal thing connected to your sink that water comes out from? Thats what i layed right now 
@hollyalyxfinch sure thing, thanks 
@blickbuster Whatever is the next big/temporary thing.  Torrents, or similar, will always rule.
@RClapham I'll pass that on to the people who do that sort of thing - thanks for your suggestion 
Wondering how this twitter thing works....  an IT person should really be more up to speed on these kind of things. 
@bit101 my fave thing to do right now is instead of laughing , is say LOL, LOL ... drives everyone nuts 
do u ever think &quot;what will i make for dinner&quot; the crazy thing is im a celeb chef i should know better 
@icanscale lol  well, on the getting-pet3r-to-budapest.rb-meter this is surely not the best thing
@clarashin oh it's not pms-induced -- i've often daydreamed the same thing 
@Jinxie_G  not sure how to add in to that. What's behind the thing anyway? #jinxiessecretdiary
@EricIsiah ppl change so much i swear. And here ive known ya ass all my life and the only thing changed bout you was ya height. 
@britthewitt this is why I love you because I thought the same thing onward to so you think you can dance get ready 
@Lastoadri @slim_amamou  I am minding yamli thing too  will be good to know the feedback of developer at #arabtechies
You know modern dancing with a partner is very restricting i foot like it at all i prefer just doing my own thing thanks guys though 
@tikucirs : hahha. one thing i hv in common with mr. langdon 
@shinybetty that is the only thing coming to my mind- be careful, hope You'll hav a great day 
@wyndwitch What a kind thing to say - thank you  #followfriday #maternalhealth
@stephenfry Thats a good thing rather than a bad thing - now you've got time to relax &amp; get coffee!! 
@jarethjones That's not a bad thing btw, just illustrating that she was interesting in your existance 
I'm not sure if all of you have noticed or not in this #jaljeera thing.. we've seen so many brands. Indian brands leave a good impression 
@gumpusmaximus I dont get the hash thing, and more of a two and a half men bird meself 
whoa, me and carissa are figuring out some school websiote emialing thing. interesting. 
@andrewsmhay I was thinking the *exact* same thing about @jack_daniel 
@suesshirtshop @TrishasTravels @EarthLifeShop @DarkPiano  thank you for the #followfriday. What a nice thing to log on to. 
I don't kno what that thing was at the end of my tweet...but don't click it. Thanks 
Always a great thing to find in your inbox! 
@HarlemLanes Right!  I am trying to convince my homegirl thats its a lounge type thing that just happens to have bowling 
@MikeG1 &quot;easy pull solution&quot;? I'll look into the multiruby thing, can you open a ticket on integrity.lighthouseapp.com? 
@Deefend it's a good thing your avatar has his sunglasses on 
@Koppite4004 It is a no-brainer, but you assume one thing, the lad has one. 
@yiamme820 lol, good thing gyalis sound has an extra book ....we live 
@2make1thing oh! thank you!...off to take a look!  
@ChinaMatt haha both!  I would never say a bad thing about beer
@MissMinaBBW   One thing for sure...No one ever has to guesss abt what you're thinking. 
@putterlover  The one thing I can't understand: How can she possibly not like How I met your mother? Beats the hell out of me...
the greatest thing about summer?  you dont have to do shit! &amp; till get away with it. 
@c0v89 Haha, but really though, wouldn't it be the funniest thing to ever happen in tennis if it was ernie-andy! I WANT IT! 
@debbylovespr - well that's a good thing about living u c something going left u go right with positive frenz,fam n time u will c ur goal 
@GlamorousSlim always a good idea doing a spur of the moment thing that lasts forever ) was there tequila involved? 
i can't do this stupid thing i want to sleep my brother is going to kill me but i don't care i just want to close my eyes  i'm so tired
many things on my mind-i want to go shopping...i really don't like this rain..im excited for powerhouse..and i like this twitter thing 
@johncarneyau really? where? - pics or it didn't happen..  and here i thought my fingers had magically invented a new thing.. *pouts*
What the hell is this whole #unfollowdiddy thing? What did he do??  I'm curious/ intrigued  
@ElainaAvalos and when did the getting old thing happen anyway?!? remember the god ole days...well I barely remember ha! 
@adrianaelisa bee sting can do the same thing 
@bronwen I think it is an awesome thing. 
@mathildesf ah, poor thing! You'll get use to them, it takes just a few weeks, and then it feels normal  Everything'll be alright 
playing with the free app iDaft, great little thing 
@CityGirl912 I'll keep that balance thing in mind when I need some! 
the mind can be an awful thing. all i needed was some love and reassurance... and i'm so glad i got it 
@K7vans ugh I tell myself the same thing everyday, I hope u suceed. 
@tehgeekgirl It's that thing on your arm. It requires sustenance. 
@creealice yep, sure thing sweetie.  keep on posting.
It reminds me of a certain thing humans do to get that same feeling... It's almost a substitute but will never be a substitute 
the funniest thing I've heard all day; 'i use google chrome which is quite fast....but for anything google related it becomes so slow' 
@jenbishopsydney  hehe we just asked each other the same thing 
I'm really enjoying this affiliate marketing thing more and more! 
@AngelDiablo that kind o thing used 2 really freak me out, but on twitter, it doesn't bug me as much, so maybe it wdnt elsewhere eithr. 
@nikolehanson maybe you're watching the wrong series.  i promise the red shirt thing is true in one of them! (maybe all, i'm not certain)
@eston i like that better. a faildalton. and yes, nice job restoring so fast (remember, no such thing as bad publicity on twitter  )
