Most common words for this cluster:
[('things', 441), ('lol', 9), ('amp', 5), ('x', 4), ('haha', 4), ('others', 3), ('r', 3), ('s', 3), ('aww', 3), ('d', 2), ('l', 2), ('p', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'things', 0.9999940395355225), (u'thing', 0.6480494737625122), (u'stuff', 0.6468368172645569), (u'something', 0.6416082382202148), (u'Things', 0.6205698847770691), (u'everything', 0.6030774712562561), (u'really', 0.5922507047653198), (u'thigns', 0.5861684083938599), (u'ways', 0.5494502782821655), (u'think', 0.5354886651039124)]





@ChauV I has so many things to do 
@choadmalma i wish i could link things as good as you 
sdafghjkl;jhgnfbdvsdfghjkj i hate things like this 
@carlosgiffoni I don't have nice things 
so many important things going on at once 
I miss vlogcandy  I hope things go back to normal soon
wishing things were different 
wondering why things are different 
why are some things have to be so complicated when it shouldn't be??? 
is looking for things can be done over the net...  bored....
@supermurs damn, it's so annoying to leave things unfinished 
@DreamRiverdgns That makes things miserable. 
Some things are so unfair 
worrying about so many things, and sleep deprived!!!! 
@benshephard Doing things I shouldn't be doing .... working .... 
I am forgetting some of my c# things 
is doing stupid things she doesn't want to do 
@traceofspades i miss you terribly.  things arent well. 
i wish i knew where things were 
why do things have to be like this?? 
@ddaze123 Lol, I have always heard mixed things about them... I'm confused  lol
I'm trying to organize 1,000,000 things 
I am so worried that things will go back to the two of them while I play catch up... sigh. 
worried about so many things atm 
I hope things start to get better  ...
@carnagefairy and all those things too 
Doesnt really know what to think about things. 
i have no idea how i'm going to fix things with me and landon! i want things back to normal but i don't know how and if that is possible 
@vanessll no not even im the one who does things first then you go and do them omg 
Just woke up , still sleepyy  but we have things 2 do
Just woke up. I should think about doing things but it is raining boo 
Why so many things to do? 
@naia28 I know!! I had so many things 
.. it still hurts me everytime you say those things to me jerk!... 
Some things never get easier 
Just doesn't know how to feel about things anymore 
@jpizzle21 aww  most things were free!
I hope all those bad things weren't about me 
doing some more editing. some things gel together easily. some things just continually give me the shits 
I am super incredibly bored right now. Even the usual things aren't really amusing to me right now 
wishing things could go back to how they used to be. things change to much. needing to calm down 
@swayswaysarah awww  hopefully things get better for you.
@lindsita726 you sure keep losing things! 
there are many things i'd like to say to you..but i don't know how. 
Listening to all the things she said  where is paige?
 some things just never get easier...
 things feel lame
@geogurl  I hope things  get better for you soon.
Why do things change? 
is really bummed things didnt go as planned!.. 
Sometimes I really don't like that I dream so much, and so vividly, and about things that usually make me so sad. 
so many things hav to do 
just thinking of where i would visit first if i could fly. and it is getting me down knowing there are some things i won't be able to do 
I wish I could be ridiculous and get away with it. But some things are impossible 
I am not meant to have nice things. 
@ddlovato so true. and it really hurts when things changed for the worst. 
@eveholt I feel for you, i HATE those things 
@penreyes oh no. of all things to forget. 
They say bad things come in 3's.....i am dreading the next one! 
I got million mental and physical things to do  would 24 hours be enough?
@TheAndyKaufman I can't do it, I love you to much.  You always have nice things to tweet about me.  You hang up first 
 i try to fix things and all it does is make it worse. What else do i do.
I have so many things to do and not enough time to do them. 
Why do things have to be so hard? I wish things were so simple and no wrong happened.... 
is so shocked right now!!! too many things to think about!! WTF!!! 
7 things - miley cyrus - i hate more than 7 things about myself 
wishing 4 things I can't have 
@trohman awww, I hope things get better for you 
@exlibris  Hope things get better!
i've run out of interesting things to twitter about 
i hate that feeling you get when you listen to a song and it completely reminds you of how things used to be &amp; you get emotional 
@sweetavalanche haha yeah i know  yeah, things are okay, pretty much the same. i'm slowly sorting things out.. exams are coming D: haha
I did many things but missed tweeting 
@lell I live here and I don't see all these great things 
I'm feeling so frustrated...I just can't get things to work!!  
@drellie I'd buy him, but I also would like $700 for many other things. 
hat. It was one of the most horrific things i have ever seen 
should live in a bubble so she can stop breaking things 
killing myself trying to not let things snowball... 
i have things to do.. so many hoooomeeeworks...  booooooooooooooooooo! (
Remembering all of the things I've forgotten....that I can think of...  
I no like sad things 
wow there are so many things im not receiving on tweetdeck  #LOFNOTC
always fighting over things. what the-- ! 
@haleybean I know you probably don't want sympathy but I am sorry things are going so bad for you and hope they do get better soon. 
is hungry I want to eat so many things right now  http://plurk.com/p/x6j6g
@beautifulhello aw  don't worry things can only get better.
feeling very sick. but is also so confused about things, and is frusterated about it. 
@shaunjumpnow yeww! can't wait for where the wild things are - december 3rd is too far away 
Craving for all things I can't eat 
Why do i have such boring things to do when its so sunny 
That was by far one of the hardest things I have ever done. I miss her already 
The worldsbnot getting smaller, there is just less things in it  rip x
I have too many things to do and there's no enough of me to do it 
working on things! 
even the higher isnt making things better  i need to leave
@joryh  I miss witnessing things like this. 
@lioncourt We really suck at naming things, apparently. 
@kazpeitia howcome you never send me things on here? 
I need to forget, but so many things remind me of you 
always when you star to think that things couldn't be worst... they start to be more than worst 
ugh i wish things were back to normal 
I hate when things are complicated 
things are starting to slow down. 
I'm so scared right now. It's raining and I'm hearing things. 
I really hope things start getting better 
i feel sick, and there are so many things i need to do right now. 
why do i always fuck things up when everything is good? why? i just don't know how to appreciate good things anymore 
why do i always have to do things that i dun want to   my mum always forces me to do things that i dun want to do em ...................
i hate me.  i ruined things because i didnt know what to do and now he hates me 
@s4sukhdeep too many things changed 
Feeling bad for being so not grateful of some things.. or many things 
hoping things will get better! 
I hate it when things don't balance 
Thinking of things to do, i am so bored 
samara &amp; shannen are gone  things to do 
@Lastoadri I feel you ,got too things I have to do 
wanted to do some many things 
is missing you so much already and is so sad that things couldnt be different 
is missing you so much already and is very sad that things couldnt be different 
Some things are just too good to be true. 
Wondering why are so many things going wrong? 
@edequina Not sure i think i may have strep among other things 
@PhillyGirl528 idk  things ok?
@djkizza I can't I have things to do 
@lisisilveira that's awful! so many very horrible things happening right now 
Too many things to do. 
when things go wrong they really go wrong 
I mean her music. It was all chilled then 7 things came on,  x
extremely exhausted with all of these things  F**K laaah !
I wish I can make things happy for her 
@Muzcats I know!  The poor things 
UGH I am itching to call!!  Not used to waiting around for things to happen! 
I let things get to me waaaay too easily...I have headache 
@gorgeousdude agreed...there's so many things wrong with it 
@curtisdickie  no good, I hope things look up soon!
i need better things to think about 
things have certainly changed. 
It's almost 11pm and I still have a few things to do 
@xamountoftruth once things settle down i should be around again more often 
@fictillius I am too fat to be wearing things like that 
damn IT!! i feel when things get bad for me, they get worse for others. 
@Gailworth I only got 6 out of 10 correct  ....but at least I learned some things!
Someone`s mad at me. :| I hate when good things happen because it always ends with bad things. 
I've run out of things to tweet about 
@SarahSmiles99 Yes i am 17 monthsout and i was ok with things like that at first BUT now that i am out more it gets tough 
@daisyjanine always here if you need to talk  I'm sure things will get better
Searching for good things 
@TroisNyxEtienne I am fast in certain things and slow in others. 
watching 10 things i hate about you makes me sad 
Why to I do the things I do.  ...
why are you making things so difficult for me?! 
Why I always emerse myself in old things when I'm depressed I will never know. I need to write so bad, but I have to sleep. 
Still exhausted.. So sleepy.. Yet there are so many things to do 
I'm always doing things randomly and imulsively 
@audis92 yeah.. why did he do that!! :O   @dannymcfly  don't do things like that.. so he shouldn't do it either!! 
It will be nice when I am settled soon. I've been falling behind on some things 
@iamjoshehfierce but i rarely win these kinds of things 
Doesn't understand why things can't be fair 
 things will get better! I pinky promise
@Zacharycohen I hope I do not miss it  but I have some things to do later they need to be done...
doing some boring things... yay 
@selenagomez It really is sad to see how things get all over 
i think about so much things how should i concentrate? i loves him and what about him ? did he or 
things are changing. and I don't think I like it. 
I want 2 things .... 
@briepuff i hate waiting. it makes me jittery. i must know what's happening. but i know calling won't move things along any faster 
@danMEH i'm sorry  i hope things get better for you... i can't wait to learn some karate moves!
why are things weird? i don't like it i don't like it i don't like it  i feel so disconnectedddddd
@audreyklo7 who would that be? i'm jealous that he's got you saying such good things about him 
''i love you but i hate the things you do.'' fuck. 
boreed .I want things back to how they were 
So many things todo 
Is wondering how to make things work 
I think I should maybe get up but I really can't be bothered  might go shopping for a few things for going out tonight.
@Naseemo  I don't know why you say such things.
10k already exceeded and stil many things pending 
So many things to leave...  
and when its bad things just get worse! 
why do things have to turn out so wrong 
Sometimes we have to learn to let go ... ... But there are things we need to let go forever. Thats the things you can't do anythin about. 
@LilaBlue yes  but isn't it always the bad things we talk about most?
@shanicdoda Had to run out to walmart for a few things. It's raining out, so bike ride is out. 
still feel tired and needs more sleep, but there is things to do... 
Thinking on the wrong things I did to u 
@ClairessaAnn i just want to get away from things for awhile...  
@leahmarieee things are so hard right now though, i'm about to hit overload and go craaaaaaaaazy 
@iLoveJsun aww  things will get better!
@pilgrimfamilyuk hellllo i so got locked out   but it made me get on with things lol
things have changed 
Trying to figure out things 
@sianleigh_ love me, not ginger kid  its not as funny as the things i do
@makeitcomplete i havent heard too many good things about them either 
@zonaljoe haha ! things that wake me up make me sad 
is sick of being single now! So many things i miss 
@houstonZrowe dont promise things you cant fulfil! 
breaking away; sometimes the things we love the most are the things we have to set free &lt;/3 
you just had to _____ now i ______  hopefullly things will change if it's not tooo lattte.
trying to figure things out.......     
deeply wants to believe things will change, ultimately I don't think they ever will 
@siasiasia  I don't think you're any of those things
is find things difficult 
@jaecka I'm sorry that things didn't work out like you wanted it too..  *hug*
@MarhabanMicah I hope things get better for you soon  &lt;333
@ryanamstad That will probably make things worse 
@georgecham I know.  sadly, things are still broken.... SHould have this fixed very soon.
Why do I always find out about things too late? It's not fair. 
@absolutelysmall - Awww! I feel your pain! I have been pining after so many things and can't get any of them  But, things will get better!
@deadlyhouses  But it's private. I am revealing things about myself here.
I know why, but those things really make me fell sad 
@virtualmarketer It's the little things that get us. 
@paulwaite I needed to when they told me how much these things cost 
@moosehound Aww, why do delicious things have to be bad for you?  
@FreakPirate more common than you'd think.I I don't know how these things happen but they do 
wishing things would change.... tired of sleeping alone and constantly disappointed 
@WILLYloves311  I hope things get better for you soon, whatever that may entail.....
is sad  things are already not the same....
fixing many things.. 
some things really are too good to be true 
@benatarfan   I hope things get better for you.
is tired and frustrated at so many things 
@cuevafamily I know how you feel, gurl.  I hope things get better!
so many things to do 
Why things change so quickly? 
i have so much things to study 
I feel so worthless, I wish I never did the things I did 
@amandabearxx I hope things get better for you 
@immabella well it sure was convincingg! and things are still going wrong 
I'm bored... It's amazing that I've run out of things to do. 
@Eretmochelys we are sad that coming down here is one of the impossible things  we were looking forward to seeing you!
@UniqueMakis we were going to but things got all moved around 
i mean #trackle !!! OMGoodness... i feel awful.. i keep spelling things wrong 
I just hope things will get better from here! 
is wondering when things get easier.. 
sometimes you wish that things would work out better , but they don't sadly. 
when did things change? 
@mikeyrox2006 i'm sorry  i hope things get better
I'm not sleeping because I have a looot of things to do... 
@Priincess_M  i know how to fix it... you, steven and me. pho! things will be all better! yay!
says So many things to do...  http://plurk.com/p/11l99z
I have so much things to do 
too much things to do 
@Teslanaut so most things then 
is really sad how things are going 
Sometimes little things happen in life that really put things in perspective.  
If only things hasn't changed.. 
for me: trust is one of the things that can never be restored fully once lost 
@morgandavidson I know there are amazing things...yet sometimes it's harder trying to help others to see them than it is yourself 
Is back is back. I really need to start doing things that are more productive  
@cpeckens I MISS YOU. things have been crazy 
@angelajames  I knooooow.    It makes it hard to defend some things even if you desperately want to.
some things we have to save us .. therefore only for us 
Always say the wrong things. Don't i? 
@Billy3G all the things you hate I love 
@deelah I hope things calm down for you soon.   &lt;3
@DaBaddest215 you never say things like that about me  smh! lol
Why makes things bad when they're good? 
i hate working things out.... 
Not getting out of my bed until things are back to normal.. 
thinking of things to make so I can eat. I want more maccas 
@meghxxx bffls when you don't tell me these things muffin. why does he know this and i dont? 
@SpiderxBear truthboxes can be hurtful things 
Some things just are not fair. 
@muntz ahhh... that would delay things. 
so many things to do. 
@tweetingsfromUA i'm sorry things are so tough 
@JasonVonBerg I know, and they are so off to bigger and better things 
Y does it have to rain wen I have so many things to get done!? 
i always ruin things 
I hate thinking about some things 
All these things I hate revolve around me.. Why! 
@onerepublicyea Still voting for you.  Ulcers are horrible things, I can sympathise with you 
Thinking about all the things I've started but that have never been 'finished' = depressing... 
@saxy15 awww I'm sorry  I hope things get better for you. ((Hugs))
 I wish things were different
@kiam888 it doesnt allow me to do the things I need to do 
I always set myself up for bad things 
Why the F do these things happen to me? 
@raymondpirouz That's too bad  But I agree... seeing things now, prob. for the better!
Sometimes things just get so hard 
Dreading too many things right now. 
@bentguy things didn't work out.  
too many things and too little kane 
#inaperfectworld i wouldn't miss things in the past... 
I forgot so many things! So many important things. So much work just sitting there! 
have many things to do  but I din't  feel like working on.....
Doesnt like things that are changing 
trying to understand why bad things always seems to happend to me when things are supposedly going so well 
packing my things  i miss you babe @MariangelyG
@laurclark it doesn't work for me either. i forgot about some things.  we'll figure it out!
patching things up again.. i wish i could 
@hungrymonk i need my things from youuuuu 
wishing and hoping that somehow things start to get better with us. 
still trying to figure things out 
Trying to figure things out 
Oh dear...things have definitely been better 
why did i go tonight !!!!!!!!!! should really know when to leave things 
@Aervane how are you able to go to all these things 
i want things to go back to normal 
why do the things have to change ? 
i wish things would go back to normal. 
@s1xth3r4 aww  I hate when things like that happen.
@brightondoll I hate when things like that happen 
is tryin soooo hard but I still manage to overlook the simple things 
Ugh thinking about things again 
@vicster and it's sad that you can't just take for granted some things just wouldn't have it 
 Why do you say these things to me...?
I am so sorry   I wish I could've not fucked up like I did.  I hope things get better soon   im so so so so sorry
Wishing things were different 
@xxfriendxx I wish it was that easy! I really do.  hopefully things will start getting better soon.
Why do I always watch scary things before bed?? 
Just when i thought things were getting better... 
i'll try to make things like they used to. but it will only happen, if u also play along 
Getting things together for the funeral 
trying to stay busy and think of other things... 
@marcesher  but at least things are rockin with cfEclipse
I wish I coudl hear things 
@mlaidler you're right about things making you feel worse when you snoop! 
@cyndibrigham you are brave, those things scare me 
@AliaAlmidfa i dont want that  .. i dont want things to change.. i really dont ='(
About to starve but I just don't know what I want yet  totally torn between 5 different things
configuring things 
Aww I'm miss you dude.  I wish I could see you and talk to you. Lifes so complicated. You always seemed to make things better
good things happen to good people I don't understand why bad things always happen to me I should b used to stuff like this by now 
@sohamdas nopes..bt its making things worse.. 
i feel sad  and i still have too many things to do..
I hate how things have been lately  i always run into the worst circumstances. I loVE you and i hope you trust me on this. I miss you
@simranthadani aww don't say that! what bad things happened to you? 
does not enjoy packing things away 
@Adeesya how much does it cost? uugh i hate expensive things 
Has to learn to prioritise things better. 
@iModel  things will get better
@InEveryWordISay I don't know how to help! I feel helpless for you   I hope things will get better
To things i wish. 1) i wasn't really tired 2) i was going to warped. 
how annoying can things get? its so frustrating 
@amyg0716 I'm gunnna do both of those things 
@BrittyDS Don't blame me.  I just like good things. ;)
is just checking things out 
10 things i hate about you  then bed
@lazygiraffe It would do those things but I wouldn't imagine it doing much more 
Working  and seeing things in the net
yAAAYY! it worked!  I know how to do more things now!
@teamapocolypse How are things going? 
went shopping to buy your things  
@Captainwalker 'JAMES!' There are worse things to be known for!  x
@dulanja Don't worry, you can do it.. Just keep things simple... 
Now serious.. have to finish some things 
@amandawilliams the things we will go through to look good 
@jklapka and right back at you!!   how's things?
watched 10 things i hate about you, now im tired and going to bed 
is watching bright young things and jobhunting 
@Huatoast go youu!!  sounds like things are superbly 
big things are coming 
I fixed things with elise 
@NixyValentine You mean you weren't just quietly lurking? You mean you do OTHER things? (You were missed. 
@PhoneDomme thank you so much, what sweet things to say! 
adding things to my personal logbin 
@artfuldodga I'm still staunchly committed to all things pork 
i guess i should be proud of myself  i love to do things so unwittingly  thx ;*
@toriar Dabr is immune from such things I'm pleased to report 
@ShellsAngels That is one of the most fantastic things I have ever seen. 
@gilbey1984 heya! I found you  How's things with you? x
@mcraddictal i should! Rofl but i like owning things too 
@PeterWasilewski I heard good things about that 
Its the simplest things that make me smile 
@guitarstikibars The things I DON'T miss... 
looking forward to many, many things 
finally things are starting to look up for RawInterviews, 
@catosborn i am never sorry for the things i go through 
So many things to learn and do. When do I actually do it? 
@honeytweets I also believe in some things are meant to happen. 
its the little things that I'll always cherish about you.... 
@iantalbot  ah you say the nicest things 
It's those little things you do, that make me love you. 
@imjstsayin lol  damn...I love those things too 
@heidimontag - absolutely loves it....  u r too many things! 
things are looking better and better! i think i might be quite happy 
@sageeb you say the nicest things. 
Packing my things to go home 
@charlieskies my favorite was evee.  haha and it liked evolved into three different things. &lt;3 &amp; who can resist JIGGLYPUFFF?
@reven17 that is true haha things have been busy, but i am getting through it 
@missdestructo I like pretty things. 
These are a few of my favorite things- I love this song. 
@xjackie lawlz, i really do love how you think you know me. when you know basically nothing about me other than the things i say online. 
@kristenstewart9 we all do crazy things sometimes 
@kelownagurl you can't ask for more  except I can think of a few things ...
This things I'm eating right now are driving me nuts! 
@rmilana Yes pleae do! We are all here to teach you new things! 
@juliahhhhhh many things 
@michellebythec thank you for putting things into perspective for me. so true...will keep you posted! 
@RobinMWood anytime!  never have to thank me, I share the things that I like! 
is thinking of new things.  &lt;3
Working on various things 
I finally made one of those Obamicon things! 
Sumtimes u make things out to be more than they are w/ that being said goodnite 
LOL you thought i'd damage it!? i'm asian! i'm very careful with things. 
is appreciating the little things. &quot;I tried to be chill but you're so hot that I melted.&quot;   &lt;3
Yay for things 
been working on some things for @nomadicmatt 
aaand thank you girls, for all the things you do for me  (L)
@Caroljs woo hoo! It's lovely when they do these new things 
i so agree with @MichalkaAlyson! shopping actually makes things better. 
listening to all these things i've done 
@MissTonyaLee I checked: not too bad, really.  All things considered. I think it helped to have you around cheering them one. 
@JewelStaite It's the simple things 
@NudeyRudey I feel so good now that we have settle some things   How are you going ??
@Pompeylad just one of things mate, I read it and thought it was funny, so shared it 
@themakelounge best be polite to these things and move on!! 
 All the small things...
@Ladyj26 It's ALL about the little things. 
I really enjoy @mkrigsman &amp; @Monkchips *heated*/passionate conversations. I always learn things from these two 
better things come from being good  ?
@ZevEisenberg I don't think I want to do either of those things at all, even when I'm awake. lol 
making things happen! 
@nsquare thank you  things here are good.
@woahitsreeo thank you  that makes things so much clearer lol
@robertd_16 lol i kinda am but i still have things to do 
Off to bed! I'm sooooooo sleepy! :/ ugh I'm glad we talked things threw. 
@Warmnfuzzy  that is beautiful... you always make such wonderful things 
@ILOVETHEHAWK How do you know I'm not one of the bad things?! 
R &amp; D, so many things to learn out there. i'd just like to read, read and read 
@smilingme76 no. Other things. 
relieved  things are going smoothly now
@DMentdFilms things have been and still are absofreakinglutely fantastic as always !! 
