Most common words for this cluster:
[('things', 1363), ('way', 47), ('lot', 37), ('lol', 32), ('people', 31), ('time', 31), ('today', 31), ('mind', 29), ('thing', 29), ('nothing', 25), ('http', 25), ('lots', 24)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'things', 0.9484339356422424), (u'stuff', 0.7134477496147156), (u'something', 0.7094715237617493), (u'thing', 0.7037032246589661), (u'really', 0.690035879611969), (u'SERENA_WILLIAMS_Well', 0.6705278754234314), (u'everything', 0.6552025675773621), (u'MICHELLE_WIE_Yeah', 0.6511812210083008), (u'thigns', 0.6478168368339539), (u'VENUS_WILLIAMS_Yeah', 0.6447983980178833)]





@makeherfamous hmm  , do u really enjoy being with him ? if the problems are too constants u should think things more , find someone ulike
Today I realized I am too good at hiding things, even I can't find it 
really now, time for sleep.  dreaming of my city, more tattoos, and other great things.  waking up to early morning sociology 
really now, time for sleep. dreaming of my city, more tattoos, and other great things. waking up to early morning sociology 
i've lost my favourite mac lipgloss...i'm so upset about it....i never lose things 
@Anjeebaby I'm fine if things are busy, just gets hard at quieter times 
getting ill and very fed up with how things have turned out 
feeling inspired to do a number of things..to busy to do them though  creative outlet needed.
@orangy68 I just hope things aren't lost somewhere 
@FruitTree101 I know! The poor thing must've been so scared! All these huge things coming towards it! 
Some things even spell check can't fix 
going to attempt a walk to see if that eases things 
You guys have no idea how bummed I am that I'm still sick. This week was supposed to be awesome. I was going to learn things. 
After watching the F1 qualifying and procrastinating doing various things, I'm finally cracking on with some coursework. 
@robertcjenkin thats sad  all good things must come to an end though 
preparing the move of an online-shop to on-rev. There is so much to pay attention to...   but after move, many things will be much easier.
@lovesongwriter Because you can do more things with a toaster oven. It's a multitasker. /alton. p.s. be okay! 
@jimmyfallon turducken is one of the weirdest things I have ever eaten.. It all ends up tasting like duck. Quackkkkk.. And ewww. 
Without even realizing it,you taught me a lot of things, but I think you know exactly what your doing to me...-exam @ 7 ugghh 
working on a blog idea. too many things to choose from and not enough mechanisms that reinforce our choices. we design for short run 
missin alot of things that i gave up 
I'm a selfish idiot. I've managed to do some stupid things this weekend. I'm just sorry. 
@yochevet ...out of characters  boooo. I guess it's just for quick q's and a's and what ur doin kind of things (and links  )
I miss ashley. For some reason things feel weird between us, and i don't like it. 
@billbeckett Its funny what small things like hearing from you daily has become a staple, you're a serious pick me seriously  missed hugs
Things are getting busy. I'm glad things are finally getting busy. 
@OregonJen This whole post con blues things really sucks.  and others say it gets worse the more you go. 
@jimsheppard I have things to tell you, why are you never on skype? 
4 hours sleep, looks like things are getting back to normal. 
I wish I knew what's wrong and what's missing. And I wish I was the type of person who likes to talk about these things... I want to cry. 
@cazzy4k he's trying my the looks of things on the timing screen but no luck so far 
@staceylovesDW makes me wonder!  two things ppl talk about...they're doing this for the money or they're &quot;old&quot;.  really bugs me... 
@randomapricot swapping places with us by the looks of things 
@lesty3 back twittering on ur request.ah i see what you ment now  things certainly arent going well.i hope things get better for everyone
is a totall mess, and really doesnt trust alot of things 
@nuttychris isnt it a good thing lol? and awwh mean people texting mean things 
@lexdeum no im still not sleeing good  i know ive missed u loads..how r things with u? things r ok with me apart from sleep
Cleaning up after the dead thing got all over me and the soft furnishings. Don't like the dead things  They smell very very very bad.
is doing things a maid was meant to do 
trying to figure out things to do when you can only lay down is a particular position is really tricky 
 my harvest moon game keeps freezing! I have things to do on there! =(
I know! Its such a nice day! And I have nothing fun to do but lots of unfun things to do....  
thinks that things are improving for his general bipedal motion capabilities, but it'll still be awhile before I'm really back exercising 
doing nothing, cleaned and unpacked my things into the new apartment. I actually made it quite feng shui! But the bed is so small 
is worried things are never going to be the same again 
is reaaallly, why? sometimes I just don't understand why things can't just make sense....ergh, more stressful week ahead than imagined 
@flossa noooo bloody idea. upset about things i guess. 
i feel a little strange about things today 
i told you I meant it this time...I have printed out things...things that should not be seen...mainly tables of excessive numbers 
sigh doesn't even want to talk about things 
why cant i just have him *sigh*  maybe things would be ok?, cleaning up time i think give me time to think things over.
@jeffersonyes jeffy.... miss ya dude.    how's things goin?
 pulled calf muscle.. but i can see good things in the future
really not understanding this maths things 
planned to do some umbraco-things this week, so far, didn't touch anything related yet 
Feeling overwhelmed by things to do and underwhelmed by energy levels 
So I wasn't going to go to sleep tonight but my eyes hurt  probably not be able to sleep anyway got way too many things on my mind o.o
 ;( noooo! why? things are so complicated if I spelt thy wrong idc
 ;( noooo! why? things are so complicated if I spelt that wrong idc
I'm sacred of being lonely and i'm a little unsure about some things right now 
not feeling so well, had to cancel tuition with noor  felt bad.. sighs.. i need to buck things up.. literally!
@MRNspace now that I add things up, it's more like forty.  no idea how 
always fantastood promotions. 70% off things i never want. whai i wanted were only 20% off 
I'm crazy for thinking that someday you'll change things when you keep on crossing the line.   Sighhh I'm really down tonight 
I went to do 3 things today .... not even one got complete ... 
@skyjuly i'm going to try and make the reading myself... but the day looks soooo full of things to do! *sigh* 
i wish i had fans ! haha becoming an actress is one of the hardest things in the world no matter how hard you want it. 
hate packing. Such a sad feeling. And too many things to put away. 
@eyeh8u Things not going well? 
@LesleyER  reports suggest things were on shaky grounds for a v. long time maybe even b4 the marriage 
I'm a failure at baking. The things I baked got burned, and so did my fingers. It hurts to type 
Not liking a whole lot of things in life 
sleeping alone is not one of my favorite things .. i miss ice 
watching &quot;10 things i hate about you&quot;. seeing heath ledger makes me sad 
sitting in bed doing homework. angry and sad about some things 
@samuelsimpson heyyy sorry I missed a load of your messages  not been paying enough attention! how's things?
@zote63  I miss my mac!!!!  I can't get things done right on netbooks 
sooo many things is running through my mind right now. I really, really feel like breaking down. 
note to self, don't watch scary true things before going to bed   http://tinyurl.com/c5qorl
(@AshleyNSingh) note to self, don't watch scary true things before going to bed   http://tinyurl.com/c5qorl
@autonomylost I hate those nights...  I hope you figure things out!!
just finished packing all my things for cebu...  no more work... is this the right thing to do?
is sitting back looking at pictures thinking of things...missing things and people... 
urgh! It's so difficult to play around on wordpress cos' it doesn't allow me to publish things! 
I wonder if things will remain on the way up...or if the bubble has just burst? It's been a great two weeks if it is the latter 
@praguebob ive stopped clicking on redirect urls for a while now  this is why we cant have nice things
I'm so confused, what did I do wrong? grr I always say the wrong things 
not sleeping because she has too many things running through her mind! 
Things not going so well  bugger
@lokiabouttown omg i miss you and all things bk 
just saw my last update...I guess how things start arent how they end...dont count your chickens before they hatch 
@SusannahJohns - get his attention and interest more than letting him know how much you want him. I suck at men-things.. sorry. 
@capncraka lol, having to critique photos sucks... i couldnt think of original things to say about each one. 
@dneighbors There are &quot;elites&quot; in any large and growing community..  I guess the trick is to keep them in line...before things go wrong
Everything that could have gone wrong tonight has so far.  So many things have disrupted any ounce of concentration I could have. 
i miss the days when i wouldnt get in trouble for stupid things like making little comments  probably not ok but i cant say anything  ):
hmm, history repeats itself ?  listening to music to get things off my mind..
think I'm getting sick. fuck. I have the worst timing in such things 
@kristinalvarado Kristen - things still not going well?  I had hoped the play therapy and time would fix the issues.    anything i can do?
My boyfriend is out to get my character.  I should stop talking to him about these things.
Its like, people get caught up in things that have nothing to do with what life is really about. sad 
is going to have plenty of things to be written, unfortunately it's a report, not a creative one 
@etoqpraz: we are weird, but the wrong way. plus, Koda wants children now, but i don't. Things just aren't working out. 
@Sixxjohn ahhh....the memories! good times for the most part. but as they say...all good things must come 2 an end. 
Things that need to be shopped for are cropping out of nowhere 
@wossy http://twitpic.com/4jjdx - owwww  the things we do for our pets
@SaschaScarpulla yeah, I see you, but I was discussing things and asking questions, and I didn't get any responses...I was feeling lonely 
my cousin is telling me creepy things 
@sameergupta I so wish, things not looking too rosy on this side of the world 
@fallenstar_ i'm still not getting the editing tools, and my things on enhanced 
non #SanctuarySunday tweet...some of my neons have been eaten by the other fish, poor things only lasted a day 
@tlt84  poor you hope you feel better soon focus on the good things in the future like frenzy!
@vincestev amongst other things to make it a permanant thing. I find people very clicky and insular actually  
@sspideymann Everything was wiped  even my vids... the funny thing is the only things that wernt wiped were the twilight notes XD
@suhaila I'd be happy about that except other symptoms of getting older include forgetting things, crapping your pants, and dying 
she will give me when she realizes im going, it still kinda hurt that S.P from what i can tell took her side, but i shouldnt asume things 
i guess i am going to work on dumbass homework now  I wish I could get a degree with just doing the necessary things to know what im doing
Gathering a few things to head to the boat 
thinks life really isn't fair, especially when bad things happen to good people 
what a disaster !  things sometimes does not appear as u thought they do...
@rstals ya - but they havent gone near the traps the rotten things... 
@coachsophie sorry I missed you, I'm cutting back on twittering, would really really love to chat...things are hard as my next move nears 
@fortescue I already have way too many pairs of things and I don't like raspberries 
Not to mention I'm all out of things to clean for therapy cleaning  the only cool thing in my life is this big glass jar, it has artistic.
Holy crap, it's late, and I have things to do tomorrow.  Some sleep is better than none, I suppose.
doesnt feel better about things  and whats some me time with loud music but cant have it!
Waiting for a large network copy, you would have thought these things would be faster in 2009. 
I'm sleepy as hell, and want to learn doing several things at the moment  but I can't
wondering whether there is a word to describe the accumulation of small things that gets in the way of doing anything of any consequence 
wondering why things aren't going to plan like they should be 
lunch failed. nothing worked, things were clean. ended up microwaving a cheese n ham sannie.. didnt work 
is having problems. She doesn't know why things turned out that way. 
@MissKatiePrice Just heard re: Can :/ Amicable? Not expected? I wish only good things from this point, but I might be wishful thinking? 
 why cant the theology department make things clearer! i don't know how i can sort this out.
@iamannabell Haha, no not anything microsoft related, that's even worse.  Why keep changing your user name? It's breaking things. 
It is 92 degrees in my apartment.  Why do things look so different when it is hot?
@lagoona2099 not funny when you're like me and have a tendency to misplace things. i almost cried 
just got in... going thru old tweets.. seems i missed out on this #3turnoffwords and #3hotwords things.  maybe next time
Why why why can't I get back to sleep??  The millions of things running through my mind aren't helping xx
god! woke up late - still have a list of things to do! not impressed at all! 
:l wonders whyy people twist things soo badly  x
watched 'control' last night. waagh. how sad  take things too seriously...
So I owe richard Pokez amoung many other things after tonight 
is upset , peoples past can make you wonder things u wish u had never thort about  x
getting redy 4 brum  etting annoyed bout a few things too
Why is everything so hard sometimes????  To much sad things all at once  It's time something positive is about to happen...
There are 3 things on my mind that I want to buy.  One is about $2,000. One is about $1,100, and one is about $1,000. I only have $2,000. 
I really don't want to log onto work tonight but have promised things to people and need to make sure they have what they need. 
is so worried! really hope things look up and the doctors predictions aren't ryt  but loves her girls for taking her mind off everything!
@stephensays watching things like that makes me wish I wasn't allergic to cats 
is sneezing up a storm  but found my necklace and other fun things in my magical closet!
@morganschoeling yeah i'm at work!  and yes I kinda got things figured out lol I like this lol
More bored than frustrated now - running out of things to do that will actually hold my attention 
just realised how difficult it is explaining DNS stuff within 140 characters... maybe it's just my long-winded way of explaining things 
@thisisanna wirst day ever found out i had all these things to do for uni but i didn't know anything so it was an epic fail 
@jcpmcs I am so mad I missed the earthquake! I am always driving when those things happen! 
is feeling terrible   ....yet got many things waiting for her
I wish their was a parental control that let you only look at positive/nice things about you on the internetz 
i found out some disturbing things about the girlies at the solar boat competition...very disappointing!!! 
@OfficialSam Sammm!!! g1 boy both a)-brings up interesting things to say b)-makes me squeal at those points and c)-makes me feel so sad!! 
Sometimes things of greater cause &amp; meaning can interfere with even the most pre- destined of loves. 
@alliiissson a lot of things 
@katyperry I guess that's one of the bad things about traveling...besides never seeing your own bed.   
i cant sleep and i miss my ipod. amongst other things. another devoured comic. i need heaps more. stupid dishevled comic section@borders 
is contemplating what to do first on her mahoosive list of things to do 
@ShaelRiley It really is - I wouldn't have &quot;met&quot; half the people I follow if things were the way they are now 
I wish THERE was a parental control that let you only look at positive/nice things about you on the internetz 
@kyle270 i'll try  i just cant stop thinking about things  i love you
I'm not so sure I would have got a mac had I known just how many things aren't compatible 
@BrinaM I just wish things could stay as it is as I am the happiest I have been since I was a kid living here 
@glowsociety things are good! I can't believe I missed it. I wanted to buy some clothes from u guys  I was on a date eatin chicken lol
can't be asked with anything  just want to cry :'( wish i could stop my thoughts, they just make things a hundred times worse  x
it gets kind of confising when ppl try to imply things n you dont understand... 
@poshpantspaddy ooh man...i'm bad at these kind of things 
@tonygray damn those @inversemaclab we cant leave nice things in there anymore 
i miss sleep. as usualy, 45 bajillion things to do and the lowest on the list is a nap 
Things not going well with kitties  the female is being mean
ahh have a million things to do ! and about a week and a half to cram everything in 
Those stupid hissing ducks appeared again and started chasing me. I hate those things.  http://tinyurl.com/qslc5c
It really sucks when you realize some things. I'm done 
@TheLifeGym couples usually want  to fix each other and not sort things out  
@utehbaik setting up these things is like my kriptonyte, but I hated the default setting 
have to do so many things before work, but there's only one thing i really want to do 
wow, so there's much spam on twitter. still trying to figure everything out, but i'm getting the hang of things. blah... bored &amp; lonely. 
@megrayner I know I know! I did get some great things.  I played dress ups to photograph them, and will blog them tonight. No flower news 
@AndyParkes unfortunately, the way things are I think some people will listen to them 
@SteveHealy the spa experience was my birthday pressie but the trip to dublin was wedding stuff! Just wedding things planned for the w/e! 
@hotshot929 LOL I WISH that's all it was.    Probably actually one of the healthier things I've eating all week.  :-p  
@KirstyBurgoine that has to be one of the coolest things I've seen today... If only there was a similar thing up near my workplace 
@edword yay! glad you like the passports-i'll probably go that route w/ the fantom drive (heard great things!), i can't swing a drobo yet 
Why don't things open early so I can get stuff done? 
Alot of good net related things are happening right after I get capped. I have to wait another 2 weeks until my net gets fast again... 
@stardust34  can't. Got a time frame I'm working in. Things to do, people to see.
@syned ????????? ? ????? ?? ??????, ???? ?????????? ????? #rtm - ?? ???????, ?? ???? ???-??. ??? ?? ??????? things ??? thl ??? ????? 
alex says the swweetest things 
Some sad news...just one of those 'life changes' kind of things...but still sad. 
@jonmphillips enjoy it while you can - such things don't exist for pastors 
Things can't always work out for you and me. 
@sonya_jonsgirl I dont think there is that feature  it would make things alot easier!
these are the moments where we all need to put everything down and just give our respect for our lost loved ones 
@FranAspiemom I can so realate. i feel tired, but not sleepy even with meds  and all i can think about are sad things. i hate these nights
 Spammers are using #Woofwednesday to sell things! I hatez dems,,,
 ok, big problem here. Things are not going well with school, must work really hard for 4 weeks to keep up
is leaving for boston for two months... so many things to look forward to but i'll be missing one thing a lot 
@antzpantz These things are like hotcakes, already spoken for sorry. 
@Danaenaay i'm excited 4 the new drewtube too! how have things been goin' girl? been thinkin' about ya i know things have been   lately..
Some complex ideas have born in my brain last night.. and it is now disturbing me from working on simple things,... 
@etherjammer like talking much, I can't read my favorite things, I'm not in a writing or sketching mood, and I'm not tired. 
i can't stop bidding on ridiculous things on ebay 
@sektion There should be eviler things in store for them, seriously 
and she probably has better things to do than talk to a 16 yr old... 
another build failed! something is not right in the big scheme of things! 
is having the worst week, things really do happen in threes 
@dragonflyeyes nick's voice still makes me wanna kill things 
@sweetavalanche lol yeah  haha. yeah, things are okay, pretty much the same. slowly sorting out everything lol. exams are coming D: haha
@SASHAMINAJ lol   the things u gotta do sometimes man smh lol
Things aren't just as easy and simple as they seem to be. 
dunno where to start, so many things to do... 
is nervous and wants things to be dealt with already, it sucks having important life stuff up in the air... 
Getting into the swing of things. I miss someone 
Nothing like yoga to clear the mind and make you realize how crappy things really are 
Sitting at my desk wishing things were different 
So yeah, things aren't going so well for me. I'm getting to feel like I haven't felt in a long, long time. 
I was supported to do things I didn't like,, n when I was about to do what I intrested in,, mom always refused it... 
@ahaulil I have a bird living with me.  So I have to find other ways to kill these damn things beside the exterminator.   #vegas it sucks
@emmielovegood ive tried and tried in the past to learn cockney but sadly its near impossible to find books and things on it over here. 
@emcerlain I know it's against the law... I am a rebel in small things. 
@DavidSadof I'm not sure about this tweet business  Why are the simple things so difficult?
My dad is trying to force me to learn to drive. I don't like doing things I'm not good at in public 
@PvtMarcus I always choose to be a good guy, even if I know its only a game, i feel a bit bad doing evil things 
Just figured out why only strong guys are supposed to put heavy things on top shelves, ouch! 
I hate watchn things that make me sad n wana cry 
does want a lot of things right now  and i cant have them-yet.
My big mistake for today is falling asleep while i got lots of things to do 
Feels all kinds of not so well right now 
@wylthenemesis nope not going be able to finish it tonight, got a few other things to do before bed 
17 things to do, the last thing on my mind is cleaning up everyone's cake mess 
So... Things didn't work out as expected, well damm  
I dont like things getting confused. Seems to be happening alot lately 
I think the 4 shots of espresso have finally hit me....and done bad things to my body! 
@beebalmdancer cause i'm 19 and i overreact when things don't work out 
@JChronicle Don't say things that scare me! I haven't seen anything that concerns me but maybe I'll re-read the terms of use 
&amp; remind me not to pick up or move heavy things ever again - am i gettin' old? just really makes my chest killlllll 
i checked those things they seem fine.i can her that obnoxious noise when i open a new window but nothing from the internet at all 
watching footloose, it's not really making things any better. 
@emilyjulietter ok thats low, both things 
hope you wont mind girls forever asking such things, but why the hell does one keep getting zits!    @BlankMustDie
@Missay456 Aww i'm sorry  don't be sad though things can only get better
things are not looking good for the nuggets 
I wish my other two roomates would get some initiative to get things finalized to move so frustrating 
@karlitaboricua But these things can not be talking on here. When we talk about tomorrow and we are looking for answers, you think? 
Hopefully everything is packed for tomorrow. I hate forgetting things. 
@hippiekat haha i never took piano lessons, i self taught myself some things but I am not very good at it 
it's always a dilemma to choose between doing things yourself and filling the role of 5 persons or delegating and waiting forever! 
@BoredomBusters I got one of those 'she-wee' things. Don't ask! 
@renward i'm always stick gatherer too  i had to venture out into the wild. things attacked me. twigs attacked me.
I want her to have all the things that I could not give her.   I hope she finds that smile again. I know she will. ;)
why do some people say things that are so hurtful and have no idea they are even doing it? 
Today was emotionally and physically tiring  its funny how small things can bring back a flood of emotions le sigh
@culturevultures Even I don't see what you mean..! I still don't get these hash tag things. 
bLaaaah. I have to do lots of things but I don't feel like it. 
 .. yep,i have things my way all the time. i am selfish. everything revolves around me. yep. im a bitch. great for me (Y) =|
My nights just keep getting worse i hate alot of things right now 
things that make me sad: lost the top/eraser of the mechanical pencil i've been using for the last two years. it was my favorite 
I just threw up lots of things.... 
@verflucht I will do. . . think I qualify as a geek in many things. . I admit it, I like Startrek 
@Innocencexo I had these spot things upmy armm 
@arianneross I mean, I'd like to do nothing at this time. But I have many things to do. 
When's next barcamp? I want to speak about quite a few things re: web development. I feel things haven't been covered today  #bcleeds09
@lbc42a Aaaugh, I would if I could! Too many other things going on, none of which allow for paint splatter. 
At this nice moments with the sun and all the other things I realise...I am alone 
I am so tired without spirit to do things that entertain me 
i hate when things can be so out of your control 
I agree w/ @watchawount darks&amp;beer don't make me do stupid things like cuddle with cheese or being hospitalized.  I'm ashamed for once
I'm fed up to work my exams. 've got so many other things to do! 
I hate when I make things awkward. I'll most likely fuck things up soon because it always happens. 
@typezero3 yeah I am  things I do for my kids...
@jnimmo you got my hopes up! I opened the curtain and things were just wet. 
@Sampalm  i'm sad i don't have the american tvchannel  i would like to watch it  and to watch E!  and abc  and things like that ...
omg, i hate knowing things before they happen.... 
see to be the pied piper of all things that can poop on you while in motion 
@wickedground why has no one posted prompts... I'm good at writing things, but shit at coming up with the situation.  
@sofdlovesbsb I didn't go to the bank so I got just enough to get a few things of the dollar menu. I don't have enough for take out 
The jetlag is doing crazy things to me 
I feel bad for not feeling well tonight...so many things I could be doing and so many ppl I could be seeing 
for some reason, my room smells like urine.  note to self: buy things to clean with tomorrow and cleancleanclean
@yourimpact I'm sorry. Things like that should never happen. 
stupids things in my mind , this is confuse .s , why now ? 
you know, people are really scary, I might grow up to be a social recluse with the way things are going 
I miss you jill. Things wont be the same without my defender 
@squishymatter something outside totally stinks and I have my windows open to cool things down.  I have no idea what it is but its bad.
@lola0813 so when are we gonna hang out?  You're always off doing fabulous things, like that amazing date instead.  
My mom's trying to stop me using the internet and fix my things  lol
@NateDorn awe  i hope things get better for  you
Things need to change for the better 
got back on facebook...wishing i hadn't  i'll be off again soon..just have to take care of some things...
Some things are never how you want them to be which i should know seems to always happen to me 
Never mind I had things to do in the morning or anything. 
@Deekaay I miss when the trending topics were denver, nuggets and all the things that go along with that 
wow in a week my followers have dropped heaps, obviously not talking as much interesting things anymore...boo 
* * this only work for thinkgs like *dances*  *glares*  *sigh* and other things you cannot express properly unlike 
i just saw 10 things i hate about u sooo sad i miss heath  
@carlashleyphoto The interviews things you mean? I have sent out 5, still no replies.  
blah, religion. destroyer of things 
hates the way things are going.. 
when you grow older, you will become more aware of the things around you. and it isn't really a pretty sight. sad reality 
iz packing the last things. Carpets and such.. For fuck sake! I never thought I had sooo manyyyy things! 
I felt cheated in the last maths paper - a few things we could do - yet they asked slightly different things oh i cant explain - oh i was 
sorry for the mean tweets, guys  It's my way of....letting things out.
corey knows like all the words to &quot;all the small things&quot;  Going job searching today (need to hired in the next few days) 
I'm mad because I can't have an ego waffle! Those things are so friggin' good! 
forcing myself to get things done. This is no fun 
is off to finish off cutting up those laminated things I didn't do the other night... bugger 
is guna try and revise things now  which is proving to be difficult seens as blackboard isn't working &gt;=[
Keeping things sweet with the neighbours. Lodgers do like to make it a challenge for me though 
doing things with the family today to get stuff ready for the services.... 
I NEVER lose my temper or throw things etc but let's just say this everytime I pick up the laptop it's in a dangerous position these days 
@Wordlily I&quot;ve done many of those things and mostly I'm just wanting to change a specific part of the code I just don't know how 
@pinklarstars I never realized how many things I love eating after 3 have carbs 
@Eggface i have kids so some things have to be here  but i was doing so well and all of a sudden i am strugglin.only gained about 5
Waiting for train to depart, suddenly feeling melancholy. I tend to do most things alone. 
@coloronline unfortunately it's like that with most things of color.  I'm having a hard time finding #aagenealogy blogs &amp; info 
there's fire in the building  I hope my things don't get burned !!
- run out of holiday and still have things to do! 
@sethu_j how're things? i texted you 
@mundah  oh the things we would do for pens tickets.
this essay is laggy  as hell i need to write another 500 things and running out of things to say  and still got bibliography to do.
@chrisrudanec i still have so much shit to do for school  so many projects and things
@almostwitty But I keep on finding out that things are tricks, or aren't enough, and I rent so I can't add solar panels or insulation 
@megancanale @megan yes but when I say hot I mean it's like 22c. Which in the grand scheme of things isn't that hot at all 
@CrunchyK how come i get no love i stick up for you offer to bring you things at concert and all my girls get love but i dont 
@Vanessajonas123 me too !!!!!  i have a lot of things to do for tomorrow!
I hate getting rid of things, no matter what, but I'm thinking I'm going to have to sell my guitar. 
@beznee coming up to my grandads anniversary i miss him  and a few other pooo things really
Things take too long to cook without a microwave 
oh and neighbour is building *we think* a shed against our adjoining fence. So far the results are ugly. We hope things improve 
@empireofno they said on the bbc that clinic has had things happen to it for years 
@janabelle_xo nothing, just sitting in my rooom. D: yummmmm! I wan garlic bread.  T_T there's many things I want. 
lots of things to do tonight ....little if any sleep 
@dvntownsend nah sleeping in the bath is awesome, except i ALWAYS wake up with one of those horrid jump things 
I just need a few days to collect my thoughts and be away from everyone so that I can figure out what I need to do to make things better 
I have a (healthy) phobia of dead things!! I still need to hoover up the feathers 
ASOS things came. i am disappointed  two things are just ew. and the others are nothing special &gt;.&lt; however, morning!!! studying art today
had a yummy dinner. buh things r still complicated, i hate it how things like this happen. makes ma sad 
had a yummy dinner. buh things r still complicated, i hate it how things like this happen. makes me sad 
being yelled at by my mom &amp; the things she says really hurts. 
@shefaly U r right..I haven't..but these kind of things always seem to sadly have only one type of ending 
@voguist oh no, that's awful. So scary, no matter how often you fly, these things still happen 
lol, looks like I've got no more room on my moon! I have so many unfinished things! Too bad LittleBigPlanet only lets u publish 15 levels 
oh...no things are not looking good here http://tinyurl.com/l45vno 
@surprisejunkie Just think he has more creativity than what he is currently showing... obviously doing things for the $$$ too.. 
hates seeing things she bought on sale get reduced further! 
damn u spotify... why do u not have more senseless things 
@japhun just finish everything for the day, here comes another things to do tmro !  *exhausted*
this long weekend away rocks, but my packing skills totally stink. i cannot tell you how many things i forgot to pack. 
sleepy.. the things i would do to be under my covers 
@kirstiealley Already don't watch news, then hubby comes in and tells me all the bad things.  
is hoping things will start looking up for weston soon. 
@meeshly why r all good things depressants? lol. the only times my mood swings madly is during r'ship issues. i got reminded of it today 
@infynyxx Aren't there courses on these things? We were'nt taught anything during our engineering courses 
@Bsimi i want free things for twitpics...but i dont eat bacon  #notallnerdslovebacon ;)
Is craving donuts and things that arent good for me 
Its always been One of the hardest things for me to do. Hands down. It never gets easier. 
Also having issues coming up with the money for the stupid study and lawyer isn't helping things either.  stupid test!
In need of earphones.. fuckin things broke 
@GHmltn I've got blue eyes  They have a glint in something!! He steals things and takes them outside!
feels left out of things 
@MsMariaDiaz not only are people wasteful, some also break legs off things to make moving them out easier. So many good things wasted.  
whooops....my dad just got mad at me!!...i think he had the reason!!! i might listen to him if he listened all the things i have to say 
@iQonz I heard  .. Things happen un-expectantly, so I understand.
@Leafybear aww will have to sort things out, not his fault at all, feel bad now 
I hate my bank. It does stupid things. 
I don't understand how things fall apart so fast... 
the cats now gone  I had no input in the matter, but that and other stuff has made me realise things...
@nessiecullen1 I was going to stay chatting with you guys but I didnt really understand who was who and things like that 
Blegh. Things keep going wrong. 
i'm going to explote! i think that i do the things  well but always someone tells me that is bad 
@MDobson84 I like the original title better myself, but a lot of things are out of an author's control, including the cover. 
There's so many things I want to do.. and not enough years to do them all in, my bucket list is growing, maybe I need to cross some off 
waiting waiting waiting, I hate waiting for things to save, why does it always take soo long! countdown says 20 minutes left!! 
@danlev That looks awesome man. I wish I could make those swirly coloured things in it 
@chrissysweeney things are idk falling apart. Not good at all  how about you?
doing all the productive things that I put off doing during vacation.  I guess this is growing up 
@FinalCylon ohh   well i'm glad you're moved in and settled.  things will get better!  *hugs* call if you ever need anything.
Things are changing(again) and i hate it 
things won't be the same without you, my friend.  http://tinyurl.com/ryjjfn
i hate stupid projects that make you do stupid research on stupid things 
i want to move but i don't want to move. now that i have a chance, things feel different. 
lots of little things built up and made today quite crap 
 saddened by babymamadrama --  Why cant it be simple, why make things harder than what they already are?  You only hurt the children...
Having stomach pains after lunch, not a good sign of things to come 
mooooorning, woke up with a strong urge to watch 10 things i hate about you but going to work instead 
@thenewbnb some1 things am putting on so much weight cos i eat a lot  appo for somedays no going out!!! 
i am just getting pissed cuz i am not being able to understand some things 
@lisalent very high fevers, just not well crying etc.. says things are sore 
Lots of sunshine but too many things to do inside to enjoy it. 
is sick of things not working  and is going to have a mental breakdown over it.
i hate it when i cant sleep because im overthinking something, why cant things be simpler 
From food poisoning to gastric issues! Can things get any worse. 
@neatmonster that is a bummer and a half  tell them you have more important things to do like...y'know...sleep...
@xbllygbsnii copy an paste it ;) lol! hahaa :$ need more # things in the trending topics  lol ;)
@emzyjonas Oh jeez  *hugs* Seriously though a chirpractor are good for those things.
@fudgeit I'd love to but I'm up to my neck in it at work at the moment - if things calm a bit then I can come, but otherwise no 
@Penguinruler It's not too late?!?!?!??!?!!?    But I think I won't be home anyway...  I don't know, things are a little confused.
@JimMcElvar aww, it's been good to me right now! apart from the fact i'm working when it's sunny  hows things with you?xo
has lots of things on her mind!! mood:sad 
It's hard not working with your best friend and seeing old emails and things like that. We worked side be side for almost 5 years. 
It's hard not working with your best friend and seeing old emails and things like that. We worked side by side for almost 5 years. 
i hate how on some weekends, i'm VYING for something to do, but on others, i have to pick 2 out of 298374 things!!! 
Today was supposed to be mee getting all rested and un tired so why do I have a billion and 5 things to do before I work at 5. 
@jonny1882 that's what i said and you ignored me   I am quite clever bout these things you know ; ) So you should see my choropractor!!
@namelessnicole - non-sense things .. urgh ! i'm bored 
aw man @kevinwchat I think I won't make it  I'll see if I can change things at work and go
@loopedd Sounds like a rough one  I'm glad to hear things are better, drinks in the forecast!
things chance  http://bit.ly/vw601
almost crapped my pants, i should read things before i go crazy! 
sooo tired  still hav things to do -__-&quot;
I feel a migraine coming on.  I can't focus on things and lights are pulsing.  
i miss my bike. and having things to write about. need to ride soon 
@paaaulaaac haha aww thank you  i think you're just the greatest person  i wish you went to school with me  it would make things
 thank you everyone for taking my mind off things... Ahhh 20% battery left 
I think I hear more complaints about @youtube than good things  (But I secretly still love you @youtube. shh)
...and the sweet guys I do meet, things turn out bad. 
No i'm not really going to drink my problem away cause I know thats really not to fix things 
http://twitpic.com/6ihb0 - Allllll bad!  I ran into the corner of my bed! The things is....it doesn't hurt! LOL
Wonders what kind of things cause my daughter to have such bad nightmares. 
I think I need to unfollow @thinkgeekspam . It's not that the spam is annoying, just that I keep seeing all these cool things I want. 
my fingers hurt.... among other things....  being alone is bad for my sanity lately :s
i am an awful, awful person...always manage to eff things over...  *cry*
@etphonehome42 damn it no cheesecake. i hate being reminded of things i can't have. 
@HelloEli I'm sick too  but I have like 20 diff things wrong with me 
@darlingkateking More attractive according to whom? And how do they measure happiness? There are some things you just can't apply math to 
@ankeshk yup.. but sometimes, you end doing stupid things in anger.. 
wonders y u always go back to the things u should stay away from the most 
Friends are leaving me  going to bed lots of things to get done tomorrow!!
i hate keeping a list of things to do now... 
I wish i had more time to see my lovely friends i hate having to say no to things cos of already having plans 
Just woke up, I hate how my emotions make me do stupid things without thinking.. makes me want to slap myself... 
@betweenthenotes and poor me, i always have to find new things that hes not getting bored  not easy really
has turned the place upside down looking for a circle punch and still can't find it  I did find some cool things I'd forgotten about t ...
@blackbirdcorner a googlewave?....you know its one of those things that you do on google...ok i got nothing 
some things are meant to be unspoken. jeez! 
so many things in mind, yet lacks the words to write everything down! 
@thestorychanges that sucks ass!  sorry about your luck there. hope things get better from here! could have been worse I suppose.
I need to learn a real programming language. I just want to make pretty things though. 
@stallfinder another one bites the dust things seem to be getting far worse than I thought 
and still, there are things that keeps me waiting. 
@heavyink It says that, but when I add it it says it's unavailable.  I think weird things like that keep slowing my order down.
@FoOie wah zhai lehz, u also hardcore on these. nice!those things we have to wait and see only, one person cannot do  sad
things have changed recently but one thing is the same... no luck in love! 
hate expensive things :@ lol i need moneeeeeey 
@aileen2u2 ohhh I hope that doesnt happen to me, I dont apologize for things I didnt do so they would wrongly kick me out of the party 
i'm going through the past and regretting lots of things.  get me out of here. 
no workout this morning  but did get a LOT of things on the &quot;to do&quot; list done!! everything is coming together!
@sbertzrosa  TONS of things got ruined  
Someone come swim with me... I am un-employed and can do things now. I'm pathetic 
So many cool things at sally's  I wish i had more money 
@1000cigarettes im still trying to figure out how everythign works! i dont like that in iphoto i cant organize things the way i want 
My life feels like a toaster, you never know when good things are going to pop up, but they always have to go down first. 
Really really worried that I'm going to lose the one of the two things that matter to me. 
Why do so many bad things happen to grown ups 
I wish I could spell better. I'm 39 &amp; I still have trouble spelling things a 5th grader can spell 
@mileycyrus i hate when they write things that aren't true, they act like it doesn't hurt you or like you have no feelings 
@katiebabs @smexybooks Wow, bad weeks   I'll cross my fingers that things improve.
at college 8 watching kreeluh mae pack her things. 
@overloved oh, i'm sorry  i hate waiting too....i'm not very patient either when it comes to things i reall want.
hack, cough, sneeze, wheeze, i am very allergic to a lot of things around here  
@onesockshort it has been such a rough month.  getting things done has been really hard on me.  
@Maddenlover everyone from left and right have been doing nothing but hurting my feelings..saying things i never did. 
@deannetheresa I hope things are okay, dear  xoxo
hiccups are the most annoying things on earth. none of those stupid tricks are working and noones here to scare me 
Still trying to get back in the swing of things. I really do not like being back 
@OzCONspirator Don't tell me these things, there will be so much crying at them not happening!! That sucks.  *wah*
@maccollett  Going on 19th to get the plexiglass treatment. Not looking forward to it, but aging is a bitch &amp; and requires these things 
wishin' i was where all the good things happen. my life is soo boring  needa get sumthin to do!!
@ElyssaD i love those topics... but i find talking about real things about this world... tends to up set people 
had a good nite....but ive got some things to think about!!!!  
@kikimagine those aren't spoilers  anyways i am overall disappointed with this 'update' some things are worse and its really buggy.
I wish all these things I've posted were lies.... They're not.   I want to be rescued.
[-O] I wish all these things I've posted were lies.... They're not.  I want to be rescued. http://tinyurl.com/o3zxye
@belladonna20  to all good things comes an end .. But you can look back at the good times you had with them  ((hugs))
I wna buy soooooooo many things o fill up my closet! 
feelin quite odd  want to be doing other things.
is trying to put things within his comprehension... 
will stop making myself sad by looking at pretty things that i do not own and do some revision now 
I HOP  havent had ihop in a minute like other things lmao
@gesinegesine ah. That does put rather a different slant on things. 
@mylisa yeah, my white wherethe wild things are shirt 
@redflamerose when you think about all the things that we use that get tested on animals 
No coffee filters. No paper towels. So much for getting things done today 
I wish every browser supported border-radius, it would make things so much easier 
Even If things get heavy..... we'll all float on.  Haha damn work 
says just when you thought things were going well... it crashes...  jeez it burns  http://plurk.com/p/yxo6l
@tfsteven Not a clue, I'm afraid  I'm doubting that one exists, given the prevalence of downloading things these days.
And things turn awry again..   
Robes are inconvenient for so many things  i wish i was still in bed.
@NicholeSpath those things aren't available in my area 
@the_apostate not so bad now, although i've injured a wing and keep hitting it off things 
i dont have it  have you got the same teachers &amp; things?
hates missing out on things 
i freak out when i have to plan big things.  i spend too much energy making sure everyone else is happy.  ..i forget about myself.  
@mnstrsnmnchkns Oh did you?? I'm so sorry... I'm useless at remembering things! 
i feel to much time on your hands and facebook is a bad combo, enough searching and you find things you dont really want to know 
@_J_A_M_E_S_ hmmmm but lately there were so much: playboy, blender, penthouse now i dont here from such things 
@mystique413 ahhh cooool i just hope it isnt the end  id be upset ive even upset things about it   xx
I napped for an hour and had a nightmare  things are becoming clear
I'm good at a lot of things...cooking is not one of them. 
today sucks. hope it gets better. hate the way things are 
@HypnoticMelody yeah I'm really sorry about that but things kinda happened really suddenly this end too. I miss our random talks too! 
stop asking me  i'm only going to mess things up.
tired, restless.... too many things going around my head.. not nice thoughts either, so I can't sleep 
Those animal cruelty commercial things are so cute 
im wondering y relationship changes after you make things official 
I'm cold  my feet 'specially. They might fall off. I kind of need them for things.
i'm bored ( at work)  so many better things to do  on a pretty saturday...
@duncn Indeed, there is little praise in IT - we support ~120 staff and systems and generally only hear when things implode. 
I hate moving - one of the worst things to do  but its done and I'm happy!
really want to get on with my reading, but there seems to be few dutiful things to do 1st, like cleaning.. 
dannggg my effn twitter is wildn! i do NOT mean to twitt things twice.. sowwie 
I had to start over on ten.  sometimes things dont get written the way I want them to be.
@luciddraco brought up a good point. I should rest now! I'm punchy cuz I'm really tired and I'm saying wacky things which isn't helpful 
is wondering when things are going work out and wishing she didnt have to wait 40 days for real answers 
And all the stupid things I do have absolutely no reflection on how I feel about you ........how I feel about you 
@pikestaff But other things are on the pet bar. 
The story in that last tweet has to be one of the saddest, most fucked up things I've ever read 
@lolitariot  boo! things just aren't going well, it's natural to feel moody. just take some &quot;me time&quot; and relax, things WILL get better!&lt;3
@staceyjean nope it's not, pour things of mine 
So sleep. That ought to be interesting to try being out of an important medication, and quite heavy with worry about things. 
@valeriekhoo I'm sorry about that message. It looks like that was a default one we threw up as we worked on getting things back up 
@sazinwonderland i know, i wanna go read things that are dleeted of normal websites now, and just everything on there  i miss it!
@nekonoai not sure why...it's on T*pepad and so i have little control over how things work, unlike my other sites 
@aurelley so freakin cute!!! I'm in love with using cute little things on my keys too.... but I've run out of keys 
I always over think things....but what else am I suppose to do 
just made a huge mess of things because she needed some male attention 
strange dreams of evil things having to be trapped in a room and big panthers chasing me in the garden - still no dreamforest for me yet 
@alisonxadams i'm going down to see the damage to the allotment later... going to cover a few things. weather forecast is more of same 
lot of things bothering my mind right now. 
@IslaLuna well, i know this feeling  it's kinda hard when there are sooo sooo  many great things on etsy 
cant study. too many things going on. 
boredom  makes you do retarded things ....i feel sorry for myself 
i want loads of things...for my birthday...but i know i cant get... 
hmmm - playing sims of all things and am very tired 
this hotel internet is so slow  at least you can get on things unlike school internet every things blocked even twitter! home 15 days!
feels like eating so many things. sigh. winter is bad for me 
pretty bummed today.  I need a hug among other things.  
 study time  ... rather be doing other things, but it's necessary. Oldies but goodies: http://ferydaboss.wordpress.com/
@chibimoon   want to talk about it? (or something else, to get your mind off things?)
Shopping in derby, I hate having no money  so many pretty things!
@Conceet It really does! and I needed a bunch of things and I was really in shopping mood and then its not opened anyway! 
@NatalieGolding its so cold here  i think its going to thunder again! *runs into her bed and sings my favorite things* and me to!  x
PK has too many things to do... 
i need to go shopping  im running out of things to wear!
I wish I was little more talented with things like that  I'm sorry for eveyone waiting! I have to lefties when it comes to this... :'(
@stephgrinage That's awesome - we need a lot more young people doing something about it -they inherit &amp; we take things 2 much 4 granted 
@runthatshit91  things will get better eventually - life is made of ups and downs - i wish you all the best...
Seriously, I'm going crazy right now  ! I'm following the steps, but it doesn't work  .   
@Kiwichiwi13 I am sorry  as I get older my body gets more and more allergic to things... major bummer!
throat hurts sssooooooo bad  cleaning, things, fight tonight
@writerchaz thank you for sharing those pics. I REALLY wanted to go  I had other things that needed to be done ....
@HurstAkaMiwurdz yeah I think that's what fucked things up for D:ream too 
bought a new grill and before unloading had to take it back because it was banged up on bottom.  wish they'd check those things first.
We are at the exit poll and things are going to shit ... 
my list of things to come is just too good 
http://twitpic.com/6vg8y I want to be able to make pretty things like this 
Wow why do people have to do stupid things &amp; mess up everything? I need a pick-me-up 
@JLRich  You caught me  But he's so sneaky--always tries to drop off the package &amp; drive off! I have to time things perfectly to see him.
@_yoyo they don't make things like they used to 
@searchings tysm omg i'm sooo scared  he's going to make things so awkward, i'm positive.
@SashaCTLC  that is sad! I hate when kids suffer because of things out of their control 
@pennywhore, sorry I've been so distant. Things are so confusing right now, 
I have to do about a million things before tomorrow.  I'm drinking coffee at a quarter to 8 to stave off the sleepies until I am done. 
Is there any way I could get more followers? Should I put funny quotes or funny things that happen or what I'm doing? I need help 
@malamoose I got a couple of cool things.  too bad they don't ship 
why do i always notice the littlest things people say, that probably have no significance, but i can't get it off my mind forever!? 
will miss her cayenne pepper (among other things)... it's not really mine so I can't pack it   
is kinda numb and blank.... maybe things will make sense after i play some guitar.... 
ooh i don't want to go back to work tomorrow...  i've been having fun getting things done around here and just hanging out.
aww watching 10 things i hate about you makes me miss heath ledger 
@patrickgivesin  sorry. i love love you. kitten isn't helping things?
Just got some new designs for @keepod now heading to the university to get some things done 
http://twitpic.com/7gbcb - flashback to the way things used to be  sadly things change and people change and there is nothing anyone  ...
@jkmustard yah but its just a matter of knowing certain things work but certain aspects of it will never be by her choice. 
thinking how many more productive things I could be doing than memorising definitions of social capital 
@jordybeans i know.  things have been abit shit lately. silly depression! &lt;3
Feels unwell... But still have many things to do... Goshh!! 
@thecoffeebaron   No. And I've made so many claims at being good at so many things.
@ALOliver I wonder do they think the manners will make these things easier to swallow? 
@cinlb come on darling things are looking up for you relationships will come right I would offer my services but I am way too old for you 
@Adjectiveless From the looks of things, no. 
@garethness I feel ya, turns out there's still 2 more things to do 
@Jonaayyy i want to find love too jonny, yet not a lot of things are going right for me lately  lol
bleh!  headache tabs not working  stupid things...stupid pink things...cost me 6 quid...and they do dick all.
@mannu_bits   , but many ways it resembles you....
has a lotta things to worry! He has no direction where he supposed to go! 
When do you say in a relationship things have gone too far...I'm so broken inside 
most of the tasks are done. Days are passing by so fast and it feels like nothing is being done ... well moving on to dev on wordpress 
impossible to sleep early... too many things to do... 
@lizamae sorry to hear   - things will work out for the better - they always do - just keep smiling 
@saesneg inquiries into such things r i guess just a manipulating tool and a justifiable excuse to delay justice.. 
@MrsPinkyIvory ; aww pinky  I'll keep you in my prayers. hope things get better for you
Words do hurt more than physical pain. im still shocked she said all those things yesterday. Fuckfamily 
is wondering if things are gona get any better? 
Just when things couldn't get any worse, they invariably do... So much for looking forward to my birthday 
@barneygale C4 didn't treat me well at all  I've got a few neat things up and running mainly appearance enhancements also iHalo, Macman XD
why do people always do things that change stuff without telling you  annoying
@pamsykes if the designers are objective about their own design, half things wud be okay. many a time they get attached to their designs 
@nickboldt that was one of the things that I had to do to get my mind doing real work 
@gfalcone601 aww... that sucks when things like that happen... 
@charmwitch I always feel like all my purchases are on a whim, despite how long I hem and haw over things. I hate making decisions 
going to sleep now, things are a lil messy ryt now 
S**t, I need to relax, I take things too seriously which makes me a bore 
@mtvpaul my uncle, quite close | and resubmissions for assignments  got 6 different things to hand in tomorrow and only finished 1
@grcrssl i know,  im very bad at actually getting things done, i have my book open ready... LOL.. just strarting thoughh. .  x
I have a list of things  I really enjoy and they're all creepy. 
@RobDockerty its a bummer the only things i can do: get some coursework done and working on 1 of the 2 girls im liking the look of on msn 
It's been two months since we lost my grandad and it's still the little things that upset me like having to lay the table for one less 
why does the reality of certain things always hurt so bad??. 
@bm_ I'm just sooooo dissillusioned at our Democrat party lately. Things didn't have to be this way... 
I have two things in my wiki...I thought I would have more ideas. 
i want soo many things but am is soo soo broke right now.  plus some things are out jus of reach...
@allthatglitrs21  people assume it because many do get free things 
ahhhhhh i hate lyin in bed i start to think bout things and worry 
@sancialeeshung So first things first....wtf is wrong with me...i just call ellen a biatch  mybad lol
Stressed out of my mind.  why can things not just get into a rhythm?
loves that things are getting back to normal but she really misses the boys 
is gna go shopping ltr on ! why do things have to be that expensive. 
I break things a lot.. 
the discrepancy between how things actually are and how I want them be, may be realized, but it is still just as disappointing 
Is scared about the things she will tell me.  More nervous though, like butterflies.
opening #youtube here is like dying.. the bandwidth for this kind of things is limited.. 
I'm sick to hear all the bad things that are happening in the world. Why the people doesn't talk more about good things? 
@___sid hahah i was just kidding i've been hacked like amillion times  and they always post sexual &amp; naughty things so unfair 8-)
Some peolple do not understand that should not get in some things ... 
@BeyondAnyDoubt he just said some things to claire that kinda hurt her feelings.. 
So, some things have come up (questions i guess) and I have shared my thoughts.. and I am sick and tired of people bad mouthing gays 
@funkadesiac it's alright. just a few dramas.. things are okay.. for now. awww  got nothing to do huh without the kid?
m screwed ..  lost many things + debit card 
when you think things cant get any worse! they just do     loveyou xo
I hate looking at old pictures sometimes.. It makes me think of the way things used to be.. 
@Pattycam booze and ciggies can do awful things to voices. 
why do I always read comments on things that I like even though I know most are inevitably going to end up being negative 
There's always something in the way of the things I want the most. 
Has anyone got a top 10 things to do to destress? (can't go for a hill climb as its dark  )
@DJSMOOK you've had a rough sched today from the looks of things. 
there is an end to things no matter how much we want to hold onto them.. 
@wolfeatingraven why does he tease us by saying these things  http://tiny.cc/UozP6
yeah, government forced us to do an exodus, buried our past memories forever. Things will never be the same again. 
@MrKenLe soo your saying you have to be a kid to enjoy the good things in life? Then is it wrong for me to still enjoy kinder surprises? 
After that things get very murky and it's really hard to sort out any sort of order 
night all ...   getting a good one for once before school ..might fall asleep to transformers or just to thoughts of things from past
@thomasjelliott the cleaning of the bag things is icky 
@yygallvox Am I wrong then  I dunno. I'm bad at guessing things. XD
I hate hearing trigger words that take me back to my recent failed relationship and things never fulfilled in it. I'll be down all day 
feeling sad right now  why do people say such hurtful things
from the looks of things around here, i'd say that bad things happen on maintenance day. 
I went from having two things I needed to do to five in a matter of three emails this morning. 
says no no no things are going all wrong  http://plurk.com/p/11dw3n
i feel like i am going to be sick, this is not good  lots of things to do tomorrow
Trying to explain metaphysical things to my very rational boyfriend is really difficult sometimes 
Yes, I should be beading - or at least tending to the business end of things - but I can't get motivated this morning 
finally made some money last night! but now i have spend it on things i need but dont want to buy 
@geeksdreamgirl Too bad I have a vivid imagination ... there are things I wish I could unimagine ... 
@StaceRay   wonderfully put-  I am so disturbed that the really important things happening have passed by so many   peace!
I'm sick and I feel like shit. I really think its a summer flu going around  I hope things turn around for me!
looking for recipes for diabetics, that actually taste good! so hard, recently diagnosed with type2 and can't find things good to eat!! 
I am so hurt! and bored going to go get in the shower then think things over. 
not in a good mood at all wish things could get better n had someone to be there for me 
@tmnaquin I've thought about it time and time again!!  Things are so bad.. 
My daughter can make me go from happy to mad in 0.3 seconds when she does things she's not supposed to do 
On the sunnier side of things, i just saw a 3 legged dog 
why do I have to be such a picky shopper  and why can my sister find all the adorable things and I cant!! jealous ;(
Why... do i do stupid things infront of the guys that i like? it never never ever fails that i do something made of uncool stupidness. 
Accidentally didn't pay for one of my things from walmart.. I'm a thief.   
I hate being put in the middle of things 
Tests, works, and function...there is a lot of things I have to worry about 
pissed off with the way things have panned out fuck it, what goes around comes around you all know who u are&quot;,which is quite frightening 
i can cry all i want, and i can wish for things to be different. but that won't change reality 
keeps trying to stay in faith and believe things will be ok but somedays its so hard especially when it seems like everyone is against me 
Things I'm currently loving: summer, chipotle, pinkberry and spw. Things I'm not currently loving: The fact that I have a final tomorrow 
@choley I have lots of things to say about this, but it's more than 140 characters. 
@MiguelSeagull the worrying about things kind of made that fail 
So many things I could be doing right now if I didn't need to work....  #fb
so tired. i really dont want to go camping tonight.  the things you do for the one you love. hahah
@TripleB np, you're entitled. It's always sad to see things from out childhood change. reminds us we're growing up. 
thinks its funny how you can remember things 
I've got these weird cut things that keep appearing on my fingers, and I dunno how. It makes typing really uncomfortable. 
man i hope in july we have a blast its not cool not haveing any money to do fun things 
Wishing things were different...  I feel like I can't do it anymore..finally hit the breaking point.. wishing all this was a bad dream
@HotMamaGowns LOL, nope. I don't have anything packed. I have an idea of all things I need to bring, but of course, I'm procrastinating 
@endless_murmur I hate how things make out that women orgasming is always really difficult. No, it can be really fucking easy. 
tired of alot of things. 
It's not goodbye until I give him all of his things back but I need to let him go. I need a breakup mix. 
@maeganwegley uhm....booooooooo. haha ugh these things hurt my head 
@ d office..crazy with works.. so many things to be resolved..and too many crazy peoples involved 
a change of scenery..... Now i see u think other things are more important than meh 
must have some really bad karma to have so many stupid things happening one after the other... 
I have completely given up on trying to make plans and do things this summer!! Not a thing is working out!  --- #fb
i can't believe this..she's leaving..things aren't gonna be the same...ever 
@Mortisgrey yeah, I know  but between your retweets and the others I follow, you're doing a top notch job of relaying things, dude
Just got up why I don't know  it's sooo early things r on my mind though  makes me sad.
@modelyungprince aww well tht sucks!  hope things get better..
argued with my girly about minor crappy things 
fever is now at 102.4...I can't worry about things anymore, I have to get myself better 
I suck at picking images for the blog... Always found cooler things after it 
@Nariamma I can't tell you, it's a security thing  But what things do you want? clothes, shoes, jewelry, toys? I'll be on msn next port 
wow u amaze me.....the things u do. just dont make any sense to me. watevs 
Feeling rough as hell and need to try to sort out with the bank that I am actually me, and I would like to buy things please.  
... gets frustrated when things are not as she would like, guess life just isn't fair sometimes 
things i love: earthenware pots. 3things i hate: cracked earthenware pots 
@YogaChicky we've found out that the coolest things happening here are all on while she's up north tho  including the masked ball!
oh no having to do tax things 
i miss my old self. I need to finish this moving on things asap. 
@beccalikewo No, I didn't  Help me be hip by reminding me about these things!
@leannenufc I know  Why make me dream something horrid about things I love? I hate my head, lol...
so sick of buying things!!!!! can dun buy? 
A bunch of boring things to do. But do not want. Nheeew 
Stressing out a bit about things accidentally said 
got a tweet from papa roach haha  feeling a little bummed about some things though 
@donniewahlberg: so conflicted about so many things right now I could def. use a hug 
taking our puppy in for surgery today...hopefully things will go well for her  
Nothing good happens that you don't do yourself...and this is how things go downhill 
Trying to vote for @ddlovato On teen choice, But the things SO slow 
things getting difficult, it's not the same anymore... 
working so hard  , these days im so busy ... i have a lot of things to do !!!
puupy keeps biting me. tried several things but now have bloody finger  suggestions?
@1capplegate  thats stinks but your amazingly talented and beautiful so things will be just fine love!
why am I energetic when i have nothing to do but when my day is full, i'm so lazy and tired? why can't these things sort themselves out? 
@zsbcreations annoying... they should turn off that option.... I was searching for nice things...  grrrrrr...
@smbristow you didnt include me on your top ten things you love more than anything...  but 9 of them were missing...
The chances of my getting a new iPhone from #squarespace are not looking good, things like that don't happen to me 
If things don't change, I may be needing your services @rmbohanek. The sad thing is i'm only half kidding 
I wonder how this twitter thing works. everything seems fine, but then things take a different turn! 
A day spent filling in application forms  and searching for lost paperwork; why oh why can I never store things in an organised way
@timensor they want you to pay more if it's business related &amp; like bundling things together? 
@LegsOfRaven They didn't fall off! They're the little things under my upper mouse buttons! They seem to split after a year or so of use 
@mishacollins *SHAMEFACE* were just unworthy minions- please overlord..forgive us, we cant be expected to know great things like you do! 
I wish this feeling would go away  So bad that I'm stressing over things that isn't work or school
really sad   but i dont know why i knew it was coming , i think i might just go in my room and play '7 things' over and over. its so true
@craigyd I've had a really bitty day, emails and calls from all angles... got some things ticked off but no deep bugs 
Despite apple saying there were thousands of new things, I have not found that many improvements 
@PhillyGirl528 aww  hope things get better for you. I will come down there and raise hell for ya ;)
Just scraped by with rent, looking at all these celebs is making me feel so crap! really wish things would go our way for once! 
I'm really struggling. Just when I think that I have things under control and figured out, I find out I really don't. 
@shawnajalynn aww  I hope everythin is alright...try to stay positive..when things r down only dir they can is up!
good night everyone, still working on dutch things, won't be sleeping before 1 o clock 
i can HEAR a daddylonglegs on the stairs. not cool. do they not have eyes or something? they just fly into things..all the time..  
@jonathannyc I think the way things are going - you'd better get used to the idea of broken promises 
She is gone.  on the bright side of things only 557 more hours and she will be back.
@DominaCaffeine if I do nothing all day, I'll get given things to do by other people. 
@chiniehdiaz oh no! More great things to come with age. 
@linfinsaysrawr i'm bored. &amp; lotsa things. 
im worried bout the wrong things, the wrong things 
@lastmemoirs one of the first things i remembered bout him was him telling me adam didnt like me... i knew that but it still hurt. 
@megfowler wow, what happened?! there should be sympathy cards for such things. i'm sorry. 
really wishes I could refrain from doing dumb things that result in injury  stupid bruised thumb
@LindsayAraMiars can't believe i missed it   it's all of my favorite things combined in one: politics, baseball, and thad looking dumb.
's feeling too hot. One thing i hate about relationships. The complicated things. 
@mark_henry I don't like being locked out from things. 
@snipeyhead that was today, wasn't it...  couldn't make it, things to do. knock em back and down! and avoid candles.
Now I remember why I had to stop taking these things, my brain feels like several sledgehammers have worked it over 
Forget it. Whats the point in trying? To be shot down for trying to fix our friendship? I just wanted things back how they were  oh well..
@azsunshinegirl7 what??? who would say such cruel things about our danny? 
Rushing a lot of things... 
i just wish I could go back in time an do things different I miss high school an who I use to be.. 
@ronikayy plenty of things 
Ugh, I hate being overwhelmed by a bunch of little things!!!  
@woahamber i i feel for you!!! im going thru tough things too 
your stupid games and we would play them over the phone together. I miss alot of things.. I miss being your friend..I wish you missed me 
okay so why is that we forget things we dnt wana forget .. but the things we want to forget .. we dont ? 
these things you do hurt my feelings.. just saying. 
@miss_tattoo I only have my bberry so I can't succesfully exchange anything..I'm sorry  of course it broke..I'm not usually late w things
trying to get some sleep, over think things way too much and hopefully I didn't ruin a good thing 
@msonline_uk that's one of the most annoying things ever to do. Just when you think the restore's done, you have to sync all your media! 
@GermanAnvil  gym=great idea. Unfortunatly I can not develop any motivation for things like that right now 
I just wish things were different..thats all.. 
@tippielove I totally agree, those are all the things i should be doing anyway but like you said when your stressed its no help  Thanks x
@Ashleymarie2689 Aww chickie, I hope things get better for you!!  
hopefully I will get to list some new items today! But the way things have been going, maybe not 
Also, maybe I was just shy about telling you which is why I'm being a complete coward and can't tell you these things directly... 
Hoping things change for us soon..so fed up of it all now 
Thinking about many things... I hate the distance, my boyfriend so far from me 
Is trying to get things done at work and keeps making banner angry.... 
@alisongroves That's so sad, sorry to hear that! I hope things get better for you soon 
@pipey21 i think i've tried rice dream but i don't recall the taste.  you are allergic to lots of good things 
@brianclayton ahh the studying is going so so...not enough time,have to speed things up a bit I think 
I haven't slept well in about 2 weeks. I think I'm starting to see and hear things 
Ugh I am so sick today....  wish I had the energy to do the things I need to do...
I'm dying from all the econ things. 
@RaghuKannan how come nobody tells me about there things 
do such things as working from home actually exsist ?I have been looking but see nothing 
reaaally missing greek salad and many other foreign things 
i hate droping things in the toilet 
needs someone to talk to...I seriously dont pick up on these things lol 
@candy156sweet  I hope they figure it out and get things better for you soon!
@alysonc3 awesome.  yeah some work places have a lot of things blocked 
I just heard that there is a divorce in the family, this sort of things are sooooo sad. 
sigh... newsflash...avoiding things does not get them done any quicker or magically, unfortunately 
@FenixAiur Aw man, I hope things turn out okay for you. 
@mycoalsays8  we'll all find a place soon babe! Your idea about us 3 sounds good too, hopefully things will work out.
@TickingTimeBomb any to begin with, so I am selfish and flighty because I want to pursue my goals and am frustrated with some things.. 
wow..sometimes things in life are just really complete shit, no matter what decision you make or don't make 
just wrote my list of things to do now I'm done with uni... its a very very very short list 
why does everything have to come so fast? i dont wanna graduate tomorrow! i want things to slow down! 
Hey! I don't mean to ignore everyone! I'm trying to do 40 things at once! So much work; too little time 
@andyjohnsonuk Is that good then because I only heard bad things about it so I never tried it.  Or are you on about some album or summat?
ok @keitholbermann, I really hate the transphobia you are adding into the 'Liz' story. You do so well, on other things 
has a misquito bite  i dont understand the significance of those pesky little things.
fails at not doing things she doesn't want to do.  
There are so many things that I want.. but I credit card I have to pay off!! 
Things don't always be perfect . 
i just like to do crazy things and it hasnt been too far out lately  hahaha i sound stupid
Giving painted toes a chance-I can NEVER have painted nails/toes because of my uncontrollable compulsion to pick at things 
I seriously need a job. I hate not being able to have all things new and shiny. I miss being a spoiled little girl 
Not knowing what to do ; It seems like a couple of days ago things were good between us. But now idk. I need some kinda answer &lt;/3 
@Chells I tried it with a few other things, no joy. I think it was a fluke. 
@rosyblue There's no fireworks here.  We have deluge &amp; puddles. Other than that though, things are super!
@ramcosca jaja nooo, I don't cook greasy things...but I feel like I'm gaining weight 
I've got dishes to wash, my hair to take a look at, and a list of things to buy... that's all for the day? How disappointing 
Stress rash/ hand peeling thing turned into red things that are ouchies 
@leonardspeiser re: joonto. my stuff is too old to use only things with affiliate links 
@durx unfortunately  alot of things are expensive nowadays 
Still waiting for my things to arrive.....only 6 weeks or so to go 
@Ojisama I've been so caught up in the baby and life and things. To me lately there have just been more important things than drawing. 
@francessLi i hate i assumed lots of things before... 
I think I lost my ipod guys. I'm going insane. the things too small to lose 
things are a little calmer for now.. my heart go out to roommate's family. 
ohk goodnight alot of things to do 2moro not looking forward 2 working 
#inaperfectworld i'd understand the reason why people act and react to so many things...and wished that they didn't.   bed time. take two.
I am so mad about so many things and soooo depressed...just someone shoot me now!!! 
I wanna be with him!!! But i dont think he wants me!!! Things are so messed up!!!  
@TaneliGepardi I wish a lot of things were calorie free. How come all the nice things pack the calories 
@jemistry exactly, and they argue over really stupid things, its not even like I'm a kid anymore 
@AcePower But its like talking to deaf ears, when it comes these things. I would know... 
@zozo2k3 I know they drive people to extremes with their actions, but some things he said were too much. I used to respect him. 
@DLeon89 yeah baby  its nno problem, i know things can arise.
@NathanDarker I don't either. And the crowd chanted some horrible things too  AND did choreographed crying :/
Wonders if things are the way they appear. &amp;if so, aww. 
sleepy... but many things to do 
I hear everyone talk about how great twitter is and how you can follow so many cool things. I just don't know how 
one more week of stressfully, impatiently waiting   and for no reason should I be doing so but things rarely work out for me
not doing any better  i still miss him more than anything. but doing lots of things today to get my mind of him ! get @ me &lt;3
Chatting with my BES. We have the same problem.  We both want things to go back the way they used to be.
I'm a stupid idiot making stupid comments about stupid girls ! I'm in love, rly happy so y do I broadcast such things 
can't afford all the things he wants atm  Here's hoping ebay works for me!
@covergirl08 oh I see, bc I had a bunch of technical issues then things got all bad so I'm jus gon stay here 
Just made my belly button bleed  these things take forever to heal
@Tinkerlink Aww...that story was so sad...teaches me I need to stop complaining about the little things that goes wrong 
i wish things with aaron went better sometimes.   i love him. but love is complicated.
@geerlingguy yeah, it does lots of things right, yet seems to drop the ball on the basics. I mean JUST got copy/paste 
I have to clean my room tommorow  I really don't things like that xD
@AllyCupcake awwww are you ok?  Things will get better
Packing the last of my things. I cant believe I am really leaving!  I'm going to miss you guys!
I hate going to the cottage when there are millions of other things to do  *sigh*  
@AlohaArleen Its not appropriate for me to tell you on here, but a lot of things were a misunderstanding but she doesn't see it that way. 
Wishes things were going better 
@ofallpieces  I'm sorry. Things do get better though
@enderswrath nice. i must find things of amusement in my workplace. where I am going now... 
@jessemccartney wish i had the bills to see you this year  but i've been hearing nothing but good things about the performances!
@tommcfly i hate jumping on the spikey things 
so many things that I didn't want to say  now... all know
@jjongie It is.  I haven't had any first hand experience, but eh. I hear too many bad things ;~;
Is crying  cause I just listened to 7things.. &amp; it hit a nerve..
Setting things up for tomorrows breezy get together still not feeling good  but chugging along slowly but surely.
man my puter is being too tempermental must restart it so it atleast responds when i click things.. 
@levoodle not shocked even alittle. i wish i was there  my boobs are good for things like this.
Everybody's doing things without me... 
I have to remind myself that some things just don't work out... especially when it comes to matters of the heart. 
missing my besties huggles  &amp; wondering why things have to be so hard.
@hifrankie come on I hate when you say things like that I don't know if your joking ugh 
@Dunkflyazz hehe, a cake is like, one of the only things i can cook/bake 
#dontyouhate the fact that a lot of things are easier said than done 
ugh, that script coverage was brutal...it's very hard to make things sound nice when you have nothing nice to say... 
Things just never change 
#Inaperfectworld there wouldn't be racism  These kind of things make me sad
I have so many accessories for things that I forget what I have 
how do i reply to peoples twitter things on my phone? godddd twitters so confusing 
@AcidInk yeah! it was nice and long and detailed..sigh. these things just happen to me  well, i shall retype you one...
@ShelbyRayne i wish i can learn the secret to such things 
I can't sleep. I hate cryin. I just want things to be okay 
I think it's official. I've ran outta things to talk about on here. 
@mariqueen i really miss your crazy tweets and links...  just wanted you to know... hope things are going great!
misses things the way they used to be   prom in 3 days 
changes...going to try and make things better 
@edeyking_t the 3.0 update is rubbish, theres barely any useful things with it 
is hoping things take a turn for the good cause rely not been having a good month 
@eeniemeenierecs oh darn, damn distribution always slows things down  hope it wont take to long it looks good
has alooooot of things to accomplish.  http://plurk.com/p/12ez85
PAHAHA. had fun throwing plum type things over the fence.. tried to feed a squirell.. it just flew away.  am i really that scary? :| x
Sometimes it better to see things simple through black and white 
@OWTLA5T08 eww again for his little wrinkled fingers. The things we subject ourselves to for income 
I haven't been on this darn thing for years... I hardly remember how to do things. 
got depressed from shopping.. too many nice things wich I can't buy 
still lots of things to do. *soobbbbb i miss having siesta!! 
Shopping for men has to be one of my least favorite things to do 
just when you think things cant get any worse they do 
i have so many punny things to say, but the proper situation never arises 
i. hate. many. things... i know its my fault maybe. but i cant stand it. bitch. 
@kalleexmarie im sorryy!everything happens for a reason. things will get better sooon! 
@PrncsKaters Oh no! I was going to watch that to indulge my sad affliction with all things historical fiction but now I suppose not 
@allconsoffun yeah, i figured lack of o2 hasnt help...but they had him on an antishychotic med as he hears voices and sees things... 
I have been having really bad dreams lately ... not just scary but like past things that i would love to forget about are haunting me! 
@sean808080 sure.  until things went wonky for me the other week when it would not sync.  - so yeah,  process control right now.
@kellilio thats terrible  hope things get better.
@inkt_angel awe I'm sorry hun  I hope that things get better *huggles*
just ate some mcdonalds. Why do unhealthy things taste so good? 
LOL wow he is funny, but my mind is perplexed about some things going on right now  
has just tried to unpack all her uni things...its soo sad and not happening!  i hate change and bin bags!!!!
@bridgetmckenzie I used to be a lyrical genius like that... until I ran out of things to write songs/poems about! 
@ClarkFreeman  You didn't have her stay and grip things or gaff things?
have work early tomorrow but i can't sleep, lots of things on my mind 
im really bad at finishing things before starting new ones! 
all other things shall fade away... - needs help.  oh the frustration.
holy crap!!! I've a lot of things to study 
@devjones as much as i wish we the masses could change things i dont think we can, suu kyi is an example of that 
I think about so much things. And that makes me sad 
#IranElection Things are going as I expected. I was hoping for a peaceful resolution, but I'm a cynic, so I knew better. 
@delovelylou oh im sorry  im just not into them things i hate scary movies cos i cant go to sleep when i see one!
for crying out loud, i just touch things and they break. 
@oh_laurensage almost nothing went right  and some serious creepyness, which i'll tell you about later. (but then things went okay.)
@drayvujacic lots of things 
@hillarygayle ty i decided to look it up after i asked you. i have things that make it so i can't do it. 
sadly they changed a few things around this year and it's gone back to being crowded and hot in the cafeteria  whew! going back tonite!
also all the buttons on this stupid keyboard are on the wrong place  making things suuuper difficult
@amandapalmer i just packed my bags for touring. i don't have enough room for things  how do you deal with these problems all the time?!
why is that when I sit here and listen to music my mind thinks about too many things and then I get lost completely 
@xCarCrashHearts yeah. things like that are good to show your support. but sadly don't have any effect 
Wow, i always send the wrong things to the wrong people, or places 
@MsAsiaBabyy where are u? I hate being in dis house alone...its so scary! I keep hearin things 
ughh i hoppe things work out i really want her!! 
I'm babysitting but the kids are asleep and I'm completely. Out of things to do. I want to be home 
Things are still the same 
@snapcrackleDIAN hmmmmmm it's hard when you realize that you're stupid to lose things 
@Momsmostwanted i just read it. its very sad.  sometimes things just happen and there's no way you can stop it.
I know guys like things that jiggle on a female but not when its everything on the female. 
All the things i do... I get no respect! No respect at all!!! 
@Cadistra indeed. There is much to do, but all of it is necessary. Things cannot continue as they are 
@michellelynn69 I don't have my keys! lmao. AT&amp;T sucks. barely enuf bar things to text. I tried to blip song to ya. 
About to have a look at how much money I'll have left when I've bought all the things I need... And I'm not talking clothes and shoes! 
love to run away from things that falls apart 
well almost 2hrs into it and deployment is not going so good,   maybe things will get better
@GoDiegoGo12  you better tell her. And just for the record, things ARE getting much better so you should consider that more.
So not cool I have a frikken pimple  that is sooo not cute! I really need to buy more of the nutrogena the wave pad things 
@daRkfa3rie07 I dnt know, the way things are going I don't even know if it's going 2 happen 
Fever, main happening of the day  I'm not able to do the things i'm obligated to do so. weLL .. for me, &quot;get weLL soon.&quot;
I miss him so much ... I can't do this anymore. I just want things to go back to the way they were... 
play.com isn't working when i try to buy things 
@KojoComedian LOL the things ppl will do, how did she get the ticket do you know who is trying to scam using your name? Not a good look 
feeling really small...  in a not-so-good kinda way. sometimes certain things in the past are better left unknown.
@bowchickawoowoo : I hate when unpleasent things reflect on us as a group.  
@bigxminh after watching almost all of the vloglovers videos. and googling several things. i cannot work out what the secret rule is.  lol
has a lot of things to do  http://plurk.com/p/12qe8g
@BostonTweet all these awesome free things and no desire to go outside in this muck 
@DevinaRenata such as buying dugem things haha I'm sad because I'll miss the surprise 
the fear is that we lose many things, even those who love! 
sitting at home today trying to figure out what to do with things goin on with my daughters     wish i could make everything all better
blah i hate having to do mean things 
thanks @megfowler @causticchick &amp; @_lisas what a tragic mess things have become 
@Lotay only 4ft 10 but I'm standing tall!  ps it is too late to put some things right, sadly. 
@razzbingo things have taken a big turn for the worse from a genius title like that to the last one called transnormal skipperoo 
@AnaHertz oo sorry should have said it might be triggering  I'm used to him by now, but I get triggered a lot by things too
thinks oh dear to some of the things ive read today.Not good    lol
Things always go crumbling down. I miss@meghanwray and need her. 
resisting the urge to say things I'm going to regret later on 
:@ oml wot have i done? managed to mess things up much? i think so! 
Feels terrible for inadvertently spoilering things. 
@sesska heaps of my twittery things to you were deleted I don't know where they went 
yeah twittering on the phone can get to to mispell things @javiboi @makeupbymo...lol @makeupbymo what plans are u talking about? 
@b_shap I have to go do annoying things today. Would so much rather be seeing movies. 
@davekennedy  this changes so many things. i won't even be able to listen to paul simon in the same way.
kinda depressed...hate when things are this hard... 
@CannabisNI  wouldn't be much eating in the wee things
Wow just saw a sign for live five legged calf, too bad we have so many other things to see so i dont think we can fit that in. 
@alittletrendy I honestly don't know about hybrid cursing. They're fucking crazy on cursebird, not counting things and shit 
About to start moving things into my new cube 
just been dumped by my boyfriend, things were going really well i love him, 
I did so many things yesterday and I didn't even tweet about half of the stuff 
realizing I have so many things left on my to-do list 
@theotherdiddy things are better. turn out he has pneumonia n that triggered his asthma  pero the medicine is working
I'm laying in bed, in the dark, contemplating things. I feel uneasy in my tummy and I really don't like it 
@CatharineLK  srry to hear that... And yeah things like that are plain wrong  End of story
One of the downsides of monitoring blogs for certain keywords is that not everyone says nice things. 
@ChrisHallUK need one sooo bad although we have to do family things and I have massive amounts of homework!! 
The secret life made me cry  and jon and kate need to work things out!
wants a lot of things... but what i really want now is a hug  O_O
sad that I try to plan fun things and they don't work 
i wish to be someones whole world and for them to tell me they love me  things i can only wish for unfortunately
ugh lifes a bitch wishing things could just go great for me 
I just wanna talk to somebody   things are easy!!!
@jonasbrosponed  nah...just the best things in life are simple...or so i've heard...
@MissSabrinaSin oooof  theres so many things in mine that are completely hazardous to step on haha
thinks she's coming down with something.  I may just cancel or postpone all the things I'm supposed to do for the next couple of days.  
sigh  could things get any worse?!
I don't feel special at all... That's all I have to say  i thought I was the only person you said sweet things to.
How do the older ones always act the youngest, it's funny how things turn upside down. I need to hold hands with somebody mature. 
http://twitpic.com/8cpep - The things you find when looking through old pictures. I miss her 
I miss him alrdy.  I'm always trying 2 act tough, but in reality I'm not a rock, I'm human, &amp; ive ths things called feelings.
i've lost my mind bcoz of some things... 
@jasoncastro pazookie at bj's, those things are awesome!! sadly they are only on west coast not east 
Today I have to say some stuff I don't want to and frankly I'm getting tired of things being so bloody difficult all the time.  
is super confused.  I just wish I can do something about the things that are happening. (
.@shubox I wish! I feel dirty even thinking about having to add these things to a website, but what the client wants........ 
i feel more guilty than ever. got really sweet txts  babyboi. eh when did things get complicated
some things are better when at a distance. 
@alejoplay I like it, but the only things that grab me are the songs I've had for a while now, and even they're starting to wear thin. 
@shefaly + from the other. I don't believe half of the things that come to light. How do we know what's the truth. This system is crazy. 
Is sick of proposing the same things since he started 
Last assignment done. I so fail at things. Seemingly irrevocably at uni.  I don't know what to do. Holidays now, though &lt;3
just woke up, a lot of things to do. shit huh? i rather be sleepin 
@wolwol viigo is ugly, it tries to do too much things  I just need something simple that does it right. Like feedly.com
@jenniferconley @dustincurrie so the guy with the most work to do forgets to log a few hours and is humiliated. some things never change 
Everything is nearly packed. Just last minute things left for the morning now. 
@ekanazhwa, @__zues because im freaking broke seriously. and, i have lots of things getting in the way 
Is up too early.  but lots of things to do today.
@sonicreducer  that's why I always set my expectations really low. I hope things get better
@RainbowSoulPoet  So sorry to hear that. I don't know if those kinds of things ever get any easier. But I'm sure she's grateful u wr there
Just missed my bus  guess things could be worse...  http://myloc.me/5CVf
Weekend was crazy! 3 parties and got back together with my girlfriend  things are going great
@DCBTV @DCBTV I had to go check some things, buy others and look for other things 
@janyxu Sounds good. I'll put it on my long list of things to watch! 
Designing things and squeezing juice from my brain. After it I will have to answer to some emails! 
@choowie heyyy~~ it's been awhile isn't it.. haha  things are ok over here~ nothing major, how about you? where are you? back in beijing?
oh it's not good, I'm coming up with 1001 other things I want to do instead of my essay... they're good ideas too! 
here's the actual story.. http://contexts.org/socimages/2009/04/02/boys-fix-things-girls-need-things-fixed/ 
@breanaphillips  lol wait, so many things  ! lol
we made no. 2 on @JackRyanBauer's list of things he likes about #destroytwitter. how cool is that? 
has got a million things running through my mind!!! 
@EternalEsme hmm, as things are at the moment? no. but we'll be perfect little angels when  you come. 
at least the &quot;3 things&quot; came within 24 hours of each other 
@TipJunkie love links to interesting things/tutorials, and then of course my show addictions 
@PONYPONY ihpoe you're eating lots of neat things like endangered animals 
@divasmistress i'm sure there's other things i can learn about u besides ur physical. give the dude a chance. don't shut me down just yet 
@CoachDeb @johnreese how short is short, and doesn't great things come in small packages  I'm 5'9&quot; if that helps 
@bermudaonion good things come to those who wait!     #readathon
@dlrsjenny lmao u no i like to buy things in multiple quantities!! hee hee 
@BiblioBrat LOL, nope, not me... but you've got to encourage these things when they happen 
@rvafashionista life in cali is okay.  i miss richmond, which is weird for me haha  but things are good here, can't complain (much lol)  
and then she agreed and things are still good.. im so glad she likes me 
@TbotTV No prob  He'll get the hang of things at some point, I'm sure.
is making new origami things. 
@whatmakesexpert It wasn't me who claimed ironing expertise. That was @thebrandbuilder He is the go to guy for things ironing related 
Hey @bryanbrinkman how are things going for you since the @jimmyfallon experiment, are ppl talking to you more now? 
@nicolerichie we'll forgive you - pregnancy does strange things to us 
think of it as an adventure!  Of course, now I'm awake and had coffee, I've got a different perspective on things. 
thinks that things are looking up 
More applications gone off...now planning more writing and arty things  #fb
@railasoares I won't be sad  I know how this things are important 4 ya
making a list and hopefully getting things done today! 
@Hedgewytch @exsanguinator loves all things scifi fantasy and comics so should be able to engage over such things as well as being a geek 
going to watch 10 things i hate about you to educate this boy of mine 
@omgitsmonica That's cool! I am glad you have a bike! You should paint things on it.  Or not. But if it was me, I totally would...
Lunch is now dinner, which is cool because I can light candles. Off to buy things. 
@nationwideclass Among other things @CharlesGraham is a man of many talents   Loves the out doors
@yourimpact You're very welcome!  He's my go-to guy for all things techie! The man is a genius! 
@ryanmeehan hola! things are very well. i hope the same for you. 
@Richardcan2 no I hate kids to the most annoy things on this earth. feel free to punch them and kick them if it makes you feel better 
@SashaHubbard things are fine now  i was just in a bad mood and needed to go on a run...
yep see i just have to let things happend  they gte better
is starting to see things come together. It's a nice feeling. 
@jenny050085  nice we american are so clueless on things like that 
Things should clear up really soon. 
@thespyglass @jensenwilder  Cheers guys  I'm not nearly as down about things as I make out!
things wanted in spotify: nested playlists; equaliser; kthxbai 
things wanted in spotify: nested playlists; equaliser; kthxbai  (via @shepherdnick) equalizer definately please
is waiting for brian to come on msn so we can work things out 
Proving myself wrong  one of my fav things to do
Doing crazy things 
@samcrowley wow that sounds a little like me.....things are all coming to a head this week for me 
@ibanzi when you guys win, I'm sure little things like that will be taken care of 
if you don't have an artfire account to sell your fun things, i suggest you sign up for one  http://tinyurl.com/da7f97
@MoneyEnergy Ahah nice one  How are things going on your side?
@PhoneTrips of course not! Even if I did, you'll remain as your questions &amp; logic rule &amp; I love having to think why I say things!  *fave*
@cccarol only if i can scream and throw things at the screen 
@mikeliebhold oh it's on  many things to figure, but here she goes..........
@Whaleoil right-o will stick to the other 99 things  just watching those naked singing chinese guys... weird...
@DreambigRadio you mean of all the things you could have taken back with you, no toothpaste or deodorant? You MUST prioritize! 
@strongscotch I am a sweet naive innocent, I have only read about such things 
@alochrye yup i do.. i have split personality!  sbidwai is only for tech things though..
i am havin a difficult time forgivin myself...  but i know gud things are comin 
@psvensson yes  I think there are some really interesting things this year, hopefully I can get away without being fully baptised
A year and a half later and things are still amazing  after this treatment one to go...you're kicking cancers ass!!
@Aprilknob I will most likely be there  just gotta take care of some things first.
well, since most everyone i know had run off to bed i guess i should do some work and get a few things done. 
well, since most everyone i know has run off to bed i guess i should do some work and get a few things done. 
@johnlacey i write things down ;-) in my day planner. and i need multiple colours - otherwise everything looks the same!  lol
@stfallen yeah but sometimes you may miss things while you sleep.. but hey I love napping 
packing up my things. nice day 
@andrewbalkwill it is good..... strange things going on in the video....soemone over did the babycham  http://jackpenate.com/
@RIOTtwilight no, but i know who the guy is from you talking about him before. how're things between the 2 of you 
so i started cleaning and packing. throwing things away. cleaning and packing  greatness.!
I'm sitting in the hairdressers chair letting her talk me in to trying new things 
wonders if you find memories come back to you more in certain places? http://tinyurl.com/dmnmlz  http://plurk.com/p/rdtoh
im good at hiding things  too bad im not good at finding things :|
@BrianNow greetings!  how are things friend?  
@fringeoriginals i just got a few little things. it was nice to get out alone  thank you, i'll tell him! he looks so cute in his uniform.
do things out of love, not fear. 
@Paulidwgirl yeah but sometimes it's more to tweet things that make people wonder if i meant it the way they are taking it  hehehe
@ninpolite aww, that is really sad to hear, I hope he gets better soon and yeah hopefully things will start to look up soon, 
#hoppusday I thought these kinda things were useless but it isn't when mark is really happy about it 
@malzadoll In addition to a host of other things? 
tonight was fun, i feel happy...tired...but happy...its kind of sad how different things are though, but i'm ready for this change. 
@AnotherA nice. ;) Things are alright, parties didnt go quite as i expected tonight, everybody back home was glad to see me tho. 
@Kips206 Why oh why did you have to remind me????  Now that's a choice of 4 things! 
is doing three things at  a time, yet still enjoying doing nothing 
@jimmyjazz68 I think complex things are hard to understand period. 
@batmanobviously I LOVE your bio..I am now following you...don't walk down the dark alleyway.  I'm catwoman &amp; I love shiny things 
@lazyass_ yes i worked but only for 1 month. hardly a fortune. plus i buy things  hehe..
@dominiqueivonne hey dominique, i'm good how're things for u??  howz the whole modeling thing going?
@zarias We actually accomplished getting things done and were productive. 
@CyranDorman that's ok - i'm good at things like that 
I'll tell you what - if you wait until you get things perfect, you'll get run over by the peeps who are getting it done  
taking my very last criminology quiz and then running some errands!  yay for new things!
@goldigold LOL! I mean like we worked together before. I have a strange way of phrasing things sometimes 
@glitteryboy He was someone who did the same thing with other pink things before 
@inkera one of the coolest things that I've ever seen   a huge honor.
good things come to those who wait... or at least i hope so   ...patiently waiting
@yehudaberg One of many things I am grateful for is you! Your willingness to share and remind us all of our greatness is a great blessing 
sometimes it just takes a little closure to open up amazing things. 
Taking calls now. Also~this is one of the coolest things I've seen in awhile.   http://tinyurl.com/ctlhu9
@perrynfowler yes, but what I've learned is that a complex arrangement is also one of those things that's hard to understand 
Actually made a dent in my massive list of things to do 
@onelifetaketwo I dunno, things go on forever when you're having your G spot massaged *and* being slapped. 
I have a lot of things on my mind right about now - But I'm still chillen. 
 things just might be turning around. *Knocks on wood*
@maryNUKElover which half did you miss? i was half paying attention, but i could help you with the main things that happnend.  
@Stormlite02 the worst thing with translators is the grammar and slang can be so funny when its translated by those things 
okay, off to sleep! so excited i found filters for my coffee maker, so small, hard to find.  it's the little things 
I'm busy blinking, looking around, grabbing things, making faces, practicing breathing, peeing and listening to everything around me! 
Now I have to think of things to say    And before that I have to make super chunk chocolate muffins with my kids 
@LiliCosic i'm good-making a list of things to do today.I have a week off in a few days,I dont want to be doing these chores things then! 
I would soooooo be a cop... If it weren't for two things... 1. I could drive.... 2. I wasn't so unfit... 
@babygirlparis I hope you have fun together and the press don't spoil things.  Take care 
@terimoore  Congratulations...keep us posted on how things go!  
@SongzYuuup http://twitpic.com/4gemf - I can definitely appreciate this. The simple things that make my day... 
@stolendreams Thats not helpful. At least know you've got a place secured already if things don't pan out, but my fingers are crossed you 
has onl? just got it and has not got a clue how to use the things 
@imjustcreative com'on dude always think that things can get worst 
@laermer yep - three things: a good haircut, the ability to listen and the value of not taking yourself too seriously  
i'm about to munch on some more high calorie things!  they keep my brain working 
@robdyrdek You know, there are just some things that shouldn't be seen. That's sure as hell, one of 'em. lol 
@djlezlee that's the only way to get things done. no distractions 
@hiphopcheerio  I'm bad with understanding there things! You should know this! 
@snookca looking forward to the reading this post as I like your 'no bullshit' writing and often learn a few things 
@etniqminerals it shocked D &amp; I, too!  Puts things in a whole new, empowering, light... now doesn't it?  
@tncc24 - yay for getting errands done! oh, an assortment of out-of-my-control things. topped off w/ a crap race, haha 
@TheRaj I kind of figured. He'd probably be unable to reason out why a lot of the things in manga happen, or the way they happen. 
@SherriEShepherd   you deserve so much better... hang in there good things come to those who wait!  
wants @jubliantJO to come back online so that he can talk about all the gossip and horrible things which transpired today. 
there's not many things better than sleeping with my windows open 
@JJRogue I have an interview on tuesday so things are turning around I think!! yay! so dont worry!  And Japsicans are a rare breed. ;)
Tinkling the ivory keys on a grand piano tomorrow. The small things in life that keep me excited! 
All in all this has so far gone so much better than expected.sure helps to have raised a dog before and i feel im doing things right 
man u know things get very interesting sometimes lolll....im just 2 damn good 
Sewing things is nice  I feel crafty and productive. And foxy.
Buying pretty shiny beads and things  I feel quite girlish. http://elisem.livejournal.com/1473318.html
learning to play guitar is one of the best things I have done out of boredom 
some relaxation. so much things on my list... but really not that much 
I have made sooo many lists for my holiday. oh im crazy.. way too organised! SO many things to see &amp; do on my list. 2 days 
made few videos for my future reel, but did made improtant things for my current projects  dunno why, I must do it tomorrow!
Stressed out about prom, partner is mildly incompetent when it comes to arranging things, not that i am one to speak 
@HiGloss i never get on twitter enough to read the things you write to me. your awesome jingles 
@charsposchant Lots of family issues as well as my own hangups on things 
@arjbarker the things that interest you... Wow. U and toast 
It's the little sweet things he does that count 
i'm going to be in the kitchen ALLLLLL DAYYYYY. goodness! the things I do for this woman. 
is happy. and things of that nature 
@vindee You should! I have nothing but good things to say about @doriegreenspan cookbook 
the only bad things about vacations is having to go back to the real world....(good thing its only for 7 more days   )
@twoodwar ummmm...wow. he reaaaaaalllllly like stepping in things, huh? It might be fun to unblock him just to see what he can think up 
@darienevans cheesy but true ....hold on to those things cause you nd me both know that things could get worse  ..but we have our friends 
@gestaltrose - yay for bedtime   how's things otherwise?
@siampearl Ah, the things we do for fashion. 
i think things are gunna get better 
Normally I am pretty good with housework, but lately I am just preoccupied and letting a lot of things slip 
I want two things right now: _ _ _ _ _ and that teacher position 
@TheMattEvers channel flicking is one of the things men are est at... you should be a pro 
working on a LOT of things at the same time 
Bunker mansion - There are the things my dreams are made of  : http://bit.ly/15N5a9
Days look beautiful when things are near back to normal 
Thinking about the things I should be doing  oops.
Oh. And thanks to those who followed me. I'll try to say interesting things every now and then.  Awesomely yours, E.W
@CattyO haha, good times! family guy is good for a fried brain--because it is so A.D.H.D. driven.  ah, the things that entertain us. 
Is finally somewhere where she wants to be. Things are just getting better, and she couldn't be anymore happier.  
@cosmicjulie am doing - been reading some gtd along with other personal devlopment stuff. disrupting things is getting organised 
@ahmednaguib I'm kinda catching up on some work... you know... all those pesky small things that stack up... 
another potential composition project! v excited  things are on the move at last!
fakes should learn that being yourself makes things easier, its better in the long run anyway 
@nkotblorib after last week, I've learned that sometimes, fate needs to intervene to balance things out.  So I'm ready 
And i'm an idiot... shocking i know. at least i have homemade brownies to make things better 
Things are looking up 
Feeling better and hoping we all allow ourselves to be open to the possibilities 
@michellemalkin two OTHER things to pop with wildly diff results: Tarts and the weasel  @(*0*)@
@elizabethbarone feel free to share the secrets about things coding themselves... i'd like to play bejeweled all day 
@anggraenieputri wuuuu there are things you haven't told me ya? :p ofcourse not, i won't let anything let me down  thankyou so much nggie!
@brittabritt Things are looking up 
@hoovers don't make any drastic changes!! Unless it helps me find things easier 
@eunice007 I know...I do know.   I'm not sure why, but I always do things the hard way.   I think it's because I like the challenges.  
@BrisbaneGirl - I knowwwwwwww....I dunno if you've noticed but I do have an overactive sense of humour about most things! 
@consyce9 good to hear. Here's hoping things get better. 
@AKyarnie I'm sure it will all be well in the a.m. That's what the geocaching was about tonight, to take my mind off things. 
checking things off my to-do list like its nobodys business... hello 2am 
I love the @ replies that you get to the oddest things. 
@BOBBYFRESH09 yessssirr..everything is a learning process to develop character,strength &amp;prepare u 4 better things to come in the future 
@52teas I liked the idea of those enough that I bought both.  It'll be my first time buying from you so I'm hoping for good things 
@sirfmayur hehe well lots of things going for us.. its a good year till now 
@TetrisDreamer haha, nope -- scary things! 
Starting to have lots of things to look forward to. 
Things couldn't be better 
@finestsuit Things happen. 
think i'm inspired to finally write down the things that have happened in my life - stay tuned for juice 
@Jasonb324 our fans have far better class than that! One of the best things about our fans is that we do things decently and properly. 
Passing exams doesn't really matter in the scheme of things, does it?  
@centerofright we think alike on those things  There'll be stuff we won't like but as long as the balance is right
church and swings and things! really random but im pumped 
The best things in life has no reason it just happens 
My dads currently testing the new printer, my step-mums doing something i dont know what, and im currently bored! I like to share things 
@angiasaa  i meant &quot;things&quot; of this sort only..and am not too sure i want to &quot;make it happen&quot;
@arvindsays I contemplate &amp; procrastinate only over things which require use of brain 
bagels/coffee &amp; reading magazines at borders...one of andrew's favorite things 
@mystic23 but I paid her off, its got low emissions &amp; I've been able to do many great things with it. shouldn't take away my credibility. 
@FrauHerzlos if not there are a lot of things i can do 
@_Jellybox  I've got some things to do before I can get on with any fun work :p but we can soon if you're up for it! 
Off to find where the wild things are ( going 2 the zoo ) 
@JimMacMillan I should have noted when I first looked at the hawk chicks, they were just fuzzy white things - now they have pattern! 
oh never mind. i think i'm just going to leave it for now. i swear i can never make up my mind on certain things. it's fine. i'll live. 
@lexylove: aw u are good for alot of things 
My happiness is back! Even though i hate certain things...  &lt;3
@jchan985 @nlliang uh. why don't we all quit what we're doing and go to seminary so that we can do crazy things...biblically. 
@coleyzoley you're always so hip about doing things before i do. 
@CatharineLK Nothing broke, luckily....some things almost fell....So, we're all cool. 
things that rhyme with orange 
@ratulewis I hope things are all okay - I have been called for those duties myself on occasions 
@luvsalmon15 I'm with you girl! I'm more scared of wasps &amp; a few other things than earthquakes- sweet dreams! 
Many other things to do instead. Be adaptable, that's the ticket 
@AliIkram smells pretty good, I'm afraid I am a marketers dream when comes to these things 
loving the man, things are getting better everyday 
@nishitd hmm i thought so, but i am glad federer finally defeated nadal  will this change things for him?
@madcoolhp2 so i hear!  i'm still surprised how early things close, but i do need to experience more parts of the city
@GreeGreece first two things are nice but one can do without them and still have pleasant dreams 
i've got a long list of things to say but i'll leave it at, youamazeme. 
has had a good week/weekend. . .much much love  things could be worse, things could be wayyy worse! keepin it in perspective
Women are actually good for four things(no offense)  http://bit.ly/8HgZY
@crse I for one agree with this...now I know things about nigerian witches 
I'm the small package good things come in 
@chyehong ya, it's tough catching up with the younger ones - there's so much new things everyday!  but you're doing great a.chyehong! 
You'd notice things done with passion, in the ceilings, the railings, right to the tiniest details.. That was awesome 
@rockus Precisely. And since he hasnt broken anything(atleast not as yet!), why replace him to fix things? 
ok now back to work  have things to do 
@kevinandersson looks very nice.  I see that you use Things as well, great app 
@verwon doing great, was just admiring all the pretty things over @jenscloset! 
At least I can call this weekend productive in terms of my 101. I completed 2 different things on my list and worked on another couple. 
@kissability http://www.bottledupemotions.com   Currently doing a makeover for the site, so excuse the messiness as I'm shuffling things.
@natealie o the bitchy things i could say to you right now about that comment but I am better than that 
@Deizu These things are great, keep them up 
that was a list of good things 
I suppose the good thing about being off ill is I have had loads of new song ideas so I can write them down!! 
@DonaldHardyCRS starting awesome, moving forward to great things...  now that I'm waking up
needing to turn things around sort them out and do this thing 
@ScottBourne since people and things can both be found in places guess which I chose  #photography #poll
@steelergurl Yes! That's the way to get things done! 
@boygirlparty thank you so much for painting cute things!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I mean, I'm a lot of things... But retarded isn't one of them 
5 things i'm grateful for today..... let me think about this 
@indianaadams There's a lot of things that I don't get 
2 weeks ago every1 i knew was breaking up... now every1s getting together. funny how things work out. 
@SasaLoves i love the dress...it can go with so many different things..good find 
@msgooch2005 Congratulations, babes!!!!  This world better get ready for the big things you're going to be doing.  
@Josiegrl don't feel excluded. I'll post some female conditions too.   I'll to post only things that I'm encountering at work.
@Joeva hey  hows things? X
some things are worth a little sacrifice 
@adiav send it on anyway  I always need more inspiration and even if I don't eat a lot of pasta I can a.) serve others b.) mix things up.
finally home. excited about the cupcakes. yeah i enjoy the simple things in life 
@danisach sorry ! i only just worked out how to see the @ things  send me a link to your music !!
@unit101 I'd be happy just to get the bottom bracket up that high, let alone all the other things he's doing.  
@gezyka thats true. you save on those...things..lol and its good for the environment! 
@FeistyNess82 Aww it'll all get better...remember, things get really bad before they get really good 
@CraigBrake If I could be anything I would be a cat. They know how to get everyone to do things their way 
@stephietan np  good things are meant to be shared.
@therealpickler Things are SO much better when they're sparkly. 
@savagestar Not sure, still waking up here, but the coffee is good, the sky is grey, so far things look promising 
@scottgould  yes.  I need about 8k for what I want, have added it to my list of things to get...
@raemond that's a cool idea  But you know, IT nerds and physical activity... the two things doesn't match well 
Just listening to my first ep of all things azeroth and loving it 
@jwareham Unfortunately not - am sure I can get something sorted  how are things?
glad things worked out somehow 
@theknickermafia think of them as little angels who recycle things to feed your earth... which feeds your herbs  (oh and fanky for ff) x
@uncultured They said that yesterday too. They say all kinds of ridiculous and wrong things. Its quite funny actually 
@gracechin I had to drop some things off for a client  bald spot? why so intense? :O
@brumbarcamp maybe we should encourage people to talkabout things they know nothing about  #postdigital
@Dirott just reading your favourite winter things!  That's great, I love all of those too, except I haven't tried no. 1.....yet... 
@brodiejay, uses to make collages of my favourite things using photoshop in school, maybe do that to pass time haha  x.
some things you do in bed are even better than breakfast 
@RawHealer Things r going gr8! He's adjusted now, &amp; have him on new supplement which is helping with him being so quick to anger lately. 
realised some good things of leaving school to go on to new places. 
yea i pretty much mess lots of things up lol 
@barblina I'd be interested in doing some wedding designs. Not a wedding designer, but I like to branch out and try new things. 
Things are finally looking up 
@Navec245 Haha- wouldn't say I figured it out, but I somehow got it working by just clicking a bunch of different random things.  
@bellebella i met c. vallerina! and mr jiow. it was alrite just went there to check things out and all, chijtp has now been 'cleaned' alr 
has just found out.. i'm a hedonist and i was born to use my natural instinct to look at things from diff angles.. i can work with that 
Y am i always running late 4 things?? It must be someone elses fault 
@dineanddashed oh, apparently it wass. must be impinging things 
@boidyljc Congratulations and other such things 
@LauraParker1 Was just about to respond. ur welcome. Some very into this, not me. Have better things to do, like boat and golf 
the great thing about life is that you keep learning every single day... from the good and the bad things 
@manerikarp : try it and see the results  u can concentrate on more imp things rather than being in loop
jake  i think we could talk pretty much forever n never run out of things to say. your silence is never awkward
@read_rhyme_run thanks! let us know if there's any problems or things you'd like to see 
@bethie138 No, no. I don't cry, I just break things, or people, until I get my way. 
Lots of things to do, re-doing my room 
writing a blog about some things I like and dislike about pregnancy. starting with the dislikes. 
@ria1023 good for you! I knew you could DO it, just thought you might like to ease into things (I would have had to!) 
@brandonlk I guess not. I'm not into a lot of things. I can be an ignorant beeoch 
@epfarq sounds good! Here's to hoping awesome things for the project 
believe me.. i don't let many fun things wait too long for me! and i have not trouble finding them either! 
@babypianist first you have to get the first kiss, then you do things on the romantic section, and the 'go steady' will appear eventually 
@tetchtorres ya, with things, black looks good  too 
@micmonster23 Some bulldogs have the genetics to skateboard and some do not!   It's one of those things, either they have it or they don't
@infovestment some things never change. and it aint a bad thing now, is it  we might have to be doing something else other than trading 
is home after a long night of getting her mind off things 
@dmkemp you could always hang out in my bedroom and bring me things 
doing things for li-j's baptism 
@justyu so many yummy things!!! 
It's always a good feeling when you know you're getting things done. Until you do the next one 
ohh.. without time &quot;/ is like when you don't have anytime 4 doin' your favorite hobbies. These things will change 
@taylorswift13 haha I love how you're nocturnal and how weird things like light censors amuse you 
@michaelgrainger is a #followfriday MUST cause he's fun, witty &amp; always has interesting things 2say! Really neat fella! 
feels like things are only getting better. 
Off to sort out breakfast and other mundane things, bye for now 
currently packing and doing last minute things about the house before flitting off to melbourne 
ran out of things to do. so i'll take a nap for awhile. 
pick a new thing to celebrate everyday... it'll make you appreciate things just a lil more 
@CateP36 I have to admit I can be directed to do a lot of things with a #timtam or 2. 
i would love to staple things to your temples 
