Most common words for this cluster:
[('thought', 288), ('day', 29), ('today', 22), ('night', 20), ('u', 19), ('quot', 12), ('i', 12), ('morning', 10), ('week', 9), ('time', 9), ('work', 8), ('com', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Thought', 0.9863319993019104), (u'Ayoon_wa_Azan', 0.5931826233863831), (u'LEADER_ARTICLE', 0.5902960896492004), (u'Never_Looked', 0.5902159810066223), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.5877801775932312), (u'LifeFiles', 0.5861206650733948), (u'An_Oxymoron', 0.573759138584137), (u"TODAY_'S_EDITORIAL", 0.5735377669334412), (u'Be_Worse_Than', 0.5721916556358337), (u'Good_Things_Happen', 0.5719452500343323)]





Up and ready to workout but trainer called and sai we will meet tonight. Thought I had a day off. I was wrong 
Didn't sleep well last night. Thought about that little girl and what she probably had to go through before she died. So sad. 
I'm watching all the pretty new flowers get covered in snow. Thought winter was over 
Listening to the last Shallow Thought   good one @christianaellis ohhh and now listening to the feedback show...
is totally out of his depth trying to do the final essay for the Development of Political Thought module 
Thought my kitty would like some playtime in the backyard. Now he has deep gash/hole in his tummy. Taking to vet. http://twitpic.com/3kwve
@Winstonita I bloody hope not! Her family from Hampshire so meeting half way. Thought it was gunna sunnier today though 
Thought I had gotten away with any damage when I dropped the MBP the other day, but no. Metal surrounding the latch has buckled a little 
My drink is sat on the desk aaaaaall the way on the other side of my room.  Thought i'd tweet about it. Addicted much? /dehydration
Thought it was just allergies yesterday that were bothering me . . . appears though that my cold has come back . . . 
Arrived bck frm vacation in Barbados - 14 nites-wot a bliss! Thought I'll check my work emails - the VPN don't work  Fun already started
Thought about great trading on the ICC at the weekend. Shame I had to go through betfair though 
@RebeccaDaily is it not legal anywhere in the states? I'm shocked.. And perhaps naive!? Thought it was 2009 not 1959 
Seeing 15 huge workitems come by in my rss reader. Thought they were commit messages. Turns out they're just new trac tickets 
@taiQynchina I know.   Unfortunately every company is looking for profits and they all get greedy. Thought netflix was different though..
Thought I was going to get up and work on some things due tomorrow...pretty much not happening...scheduled Mad Dash for tomorrow 
Thought 2go was for oldies.Ad they played makes me an oldie! They said if ur mum loved normie rowe blah blah,I'm their target audience!! 
Thought I was popping a tiny zit. Turned out to be a mosquito bite. ow. 
Suffering from allergies...    NYY came back walk-off style.  Thought it would never happen but it did.
Thought for my day - &quot;Love Makes Life Beautifyl. Mine is ugly yet...&quot;  
Thought I would feel better, apparently not 
Wouldn't you know it - dedicated back-up drive has bitten the dust. Thought a LaCie would last longer... 
Thought it was going to be nice today but it's a bit chilly 
Just finished giving Push a bath. Thought he had fleas. He has dermatitis.  
@CMXIV I eft my blackberry 8900 in the back of a car service taxi yesterday right before my premiere and was soo SICK... Thought of u 
Thought my sniffles &amp; chestiness were due to pollen, but it's only on moderate today. Prolly not #swineflu but do think I've got summink. 
Thought I was getting half-decent at frothing the milk, but this morning's attempt was futile at best.  #baristawannabe
@ElleSergi  Is that not Coventry's stadium, your team looked like there going down  Thought they might have got a point at Spurs ystrday.
Delayed for a while now at SFO. Thought these short flights would be easy 
Thought i could heal like wolverine den i burnt my finger  and well.... its turned red and its hurting
Thought I'd been brave and changed my pic last night, but twitter doesn't seem to like it 
Thought the saga was almost over | wrong part was ordered | Tic toc Tic toc  | at office - do u know anyone with interest in real estate?
Thought I hit the button on Flickr uploader before I left this AM...something must have been clogging the tubes as I see no pic up there. 
Ugh.  Have woken up feeling a bit poorly sick.  Thought I was getting better 
Thought I was fully back in land of the living. Turns out I've come back as a zombie. Not nearly as well as I fooled myself into thinking 
http://twitpic.com/4wt50 - Thought it would clear up! No luck 
@robert_langdon I lol'd pretty hard when they played each other last world cup. Thought I was the only one 
Wow it's hot today....had to come back in to get some air conditioning time. Thought I had peaked at redness, but no, no even redder 
@madlyv LMBO...sorry I asked U to follow one    Thought she was Elisabeth from the view...not even a fave, but she wanted peeps?  :O  lol
Thought a day off school would be funner... 
Thought Lost was awesome, but hates to wait for like a year to see what happens next. 
Thought Max would let me sleep in since @wineconscience is out of town! No such luck 
Thought I scored a random crap from @woot but never got a confirmation email 
Thought about tweeting on new &amp; up-n-coming music, but those trends are so fickle, it isn't worth it. &lt;3 The Virgins, missed their show 
Thought there wouldn't be homework sundays after AP testing 
Thought I lost my phone and almost cried  Luckily it was in the backseat of my car where I left it!! Haha!!
Just got up. Found out it's raining. Thought about going back to bed. But have a meeting at work  Monday morning is not my time...
On my way to work, very tired after a horrible night sleep. Thought out yesterday a lot last night 
Ran out of cold and flu tablets. Thought I was getting better. No such luck  stupid sinus headache.
Thought it was gr8 getting out of hospital early, but I was given an entire case to write up for tomorrow!! Wonderful! 
Thought it would be fun to go  to the bar last night. Really didn't expect my coat with my car &amp; house keys in the pocket to be stolen 
Thought I was getting ready for school uggh 
Thought upon waking: Shit. I can't wait until this is over 
@Theroser Sitting in the car in the parking lot of pinkberry with michelle and lauren. Thought you would still be here  but i guess not
@Evansweather Thought you were going to be on tv too - miss you - was looking forward to the summer kick-off!!  
Thought I was going out!... Guess not! 
Thought she wuz my best friend... 
Thought I'd check out home, that was 10 minutes ago, downloading update, now home square....that's why I can't be bothered with it Sony 
@gronumbulator yeah, just realized what the whole notification thing was. Thought it was them notifying me, not me spamming my followers. 
Thought i saw the a-trak van, turns out its the Alcohol- TEAM van. 
Thought I was seeing top shelf jizz. Very dissapointed! 
Found the best fairy island residential land for rent earlier this week. Thought I LM'd it but didn't!!  Any others out there? #secondlife
@msgonzales  sorry...... Thought we were staying and I'd see you.... Then u bbm'd me day b4 yesterday and e'erthing changed. 
@Garythetwit  At work? On a saturday?  Thought you were having a great day with your daughter...
@ms_montgomery I know the feeling. Why must they cost so much?! Thought I'd kill the urge when I got a couple, made me want more instead! 
Oh my gosh.  I got to CPR class an hour and 15 minutes early today.  Thought it started at 8...  
@juliarygaard morning! How r u? Thought about you the other day. Was at the store in the bacon isle. I am still a bacon explosion virgin 
Thought I would upload a new image to my profile, then found out twitter is having probs with this service, so now i have no image 
@NikiBakesCakes I have no clue  I think you should take it to an O2 shop and get onto them about it. Thought of you watching the footie!xx
@Quiks we never get to hang. Thought u were my bro. 
Thought if actually had a night in tonight but now a possible night alone 
I was supposed to work the pool bar today, but it's overcast... Thought maybe I'd get the day off... No luck... 
@LoveALittleLess feeling bad about @KrisAllenMusic.  Thought it was really him...
Thought brittany said ben cook for a second 
@stormgrass I was confused too!  Thought I had given you wrong advice.  Yes you are v. central there and nice area (rich) near all museums
@mentalsylum Bummer  Thought things were going okay finally.
anyone good at Stats coursework? Thought I'd seen the back of Maths CW of any description - but sadly not 
@myfabolouslife so my good smoking aunt stole my damn bag last nite, crept in while every1 was asleep  Thought about your ? Last wk. SMH
@RealDMitchell  Thought it was airing this summer?
Thought I had fixed the washer until I saw the pool of water under it. 
No @moviechurch cars lined up in driveway @ casa Slate  Must have been s'wich. Thought cold drink offer would attract someone ...
Arrrgh! Thought the word would be magnetometer for clue 3 but I got the dreaded red cross  #SearchForN
Thought i finished work at 1 but noooo i finish at 130. Only half an hour, but still 
Thought I was sleepy 
Thought I 4got my ipod was gonna have to have it send fedex 2 the hotel! I feel as tho I may get a lecture on packing earlier going 4wd 
@wanaTheGreat We just loved it.  It should still be on. Thought it would have ran for @ least 10 years 
Is Facebook still loading really slow for anyone else? This is day 3 of it really creeping along. Thought they would fix this bug by now 
@mayafish You're calling me boring?    Thought, to be fair, we've never met up in the city. So you could say that.
Argh... Thought I was getting a good deal on a hockey jersey, but I didn't pay enough attention to the size... it's two sizes too big 
Thought I didn't get hired for a coop I interviewed for. Turns out, he forgot and emailed me today asking what I was doing this summer. 
@del_c @tonejon If ur in class u need to b paying attention, not twittering.. Where is my nephew btw... Thought I'd c him 2day. 
Thought I had knocked out a good chunk of my emails. Then realized I have a whole other inbox that is still overflowing. 
@tuxerman Lifes unfair!!  Thought I'd be rid of chem ATLEAST when I reach coll!! F!
@SongzYuuup Thought we were going to hear 'Ego'? 
Thought we'd b together 4ever but 4ever always seems tht long until your grown.Then u realize what time can do 2 ppl ! 
@Bearskopff Neither has mine  Thought it would of by now tbh lol
panasonic toughbook lid damaged within one year and a half. Thought it was built to withstand being dragged to school? $500 in repairs. 
My semi-new jacket had something paper-y in the pocket. Thought a stranger left money in it at the store. It was a week-old train ticket 
Thought she might be feeling better but took her temp and its higher than last night ???  sucks
Just had the scare of a lifetime. Thought I was in a horrorfilm, eek 
Thought for a moment that my chest pain was gone. But I was wrong 
Dropped phone, now it's busted. Thought there was hope, now realize it's gone 
i blieve i am 2 gud 4 u..... (y do niggas lie bout tha dumbest shit?)  daddy: u have dissapointed me! Thought u were different 
Thought the Trending Topic on Conan was maybe because of @ConnanMockasin but it seems I am incorrect. 
And lightning ... Thought it was day time for a second 
Waiting to make up a test. Thought it started at 7:00 not 7:30.  Boring day today, half the group is at Pitt. Yayy.
@BrianDollard not cool dude... Thought we were friends 
Oh! Thought I could maybe give it a try sending it back to myself. Guess it didn't work out after all haha 
Thought it was thursday this whole time.. 
@ddcash Unfortunately, no chamios  Thought I could get away without it for a bit, but it's clear I need to get one, stat!
Thought I lost my promise ring.  Cried a bunch at work. I never take it off ever. My sister found it in my bed. Feel weird without it. 
@pdigitl PARRISH!! Wats up dude?? Thought u 4got bout me  I usd 2 b ur fav! Lol, Evrythng is good tho, I miss yall! How da heck r u??
just watched 'quantum of solace'. Thought it was a bit rubbish 
Thought I was going home to take a nap but i cant now..have things to do  i dont feel goos,I wanna go home.
@horse31 I did look it up while we were on the phone.  Thought it best to keep quiet. *nods*
@KaliyahPjones hey u said u werent goin out 4 a long time! But i did hear u went 2 life. Thought we were the 3 amigos 
@AARONGUTIERREZ bummer!  Thought moody had a super good chance at pulling off the win when they took jordan john off the mound.  
Thought I was getting boiling crab  haha guess were settling for cajun corner
@blazinghotwok Yes.  I checked at gate, not w luggage. Thought would be safe.  Think they just tossed everything!
Black Thought in Fallon's house band...a waste of incredible talent...all he can do is say &quot;uh&quot;/&quot;yeah&quot; since he doesnt play an instrument 
Bad practice on the court today. Did a short rally about 5 balls with coach and somehow forgot to breath. Thought I'm about to black out! 
@MrMarzipan Ah so I'm not alone in this? I'm glad. Thought it might just be me! We need more than 3 in a packet though! Nom nom nom gone. 
Major leak in the gym's roof yesterday. Thought when I moved I wouldn't be wondering every time it rained hard if I'd be soaking up water 
Thought I was visiting nan tonight, turns out I'm not. Give me something to do? I assume you're all busy~ Wish I could go see Terminator 
Thought for the day: Girls suck sometimes! 
T-Mobile's data network is down in my area! Thought it was just me, but evidently everyone else is suffering too! 
@nell_xo no worries! Thought I'd have to watch pain dry but found Mystic River good film so far - no digital in bedroom 
Thought running water was supposed to be calming &amp; relaxing ... apparently a hole in the guttering doesn't have that effect. 
@AJTheKlassic  Thought we was better than that lol
@JohnnyBardine Oh, no. Thought you meant more figuratively, like hanging out &amp; talking. I'm way north 
Sup world, today was an ehhh day... Another day without beer/liq  nor clubs,... Thought about a few things like my goals in life and shit
Thought about hosting party at BlogHer with @mammaloves &amp; @jodifur, but then realized 2 many conflicts with so many other parties.  
Thought I'd watch secret millionaire until I can watch the apprentice but it's a repeat  I've watched this one before! x
Thought we found a &quot;miracle&quot; to keep my dog from getting carsick. Then he threw up in my lap. Not a pretty sight. 
Still feeling sorry for myself. Thought bug gone but sick again. 
Thought this is what I needed clearly made it worse.. 
Thought the game started at 9. Missed the 1st qtr 
my throat is insanely sore tonight and I've been coughing all day. Thought it was allergies or asthma at first, but I'm afraid it's sicky 
@MALAFUNKSHUN What happened to I94 Chris? Thought you were joking about going off the air. Sucks. 
http://twitpic.com/6vlgl - Thought Wrigley was being super cute and loving but now we are worried he is sick   He is acting strange
the obligatory raw red sunburn. Crossing my fingers the miracle of aloe saves me. It hurts  Thought of taking a pic you know what red is
Thought it was later then it really.   Was thinking that it's somewhere around 3 in the morning, but it's only 1:45.     Why am I tired!
Thought I was going to bed until I had a moment and @leanderisme is not responding to me! 
@Agostino_ Thought maybe we were getting a newer browser? 
Is tweetie search still frakked?  Thought it was fixed, but I'm still getting 1 result per bttn press 
@joannebrayson My facebook wouldnt upload photos last night either!! Thought it was just mine  xx
@HITMAN1063.... ugh speidi on seacrest playing roker audio... Thought i'd be safe from it  after your warning
Kind of depressed. Thought the new Transformer movie is out this week but it's not out untill next week. 
Thought the new Transformer movie is out this week but it's not out untill next week. 
@allmadeup can't believe he hasn't called  or texted. Wtf!?! Thought I had this in the bag.
@billingtonart Yes,anything that could go wrong is doing so. Thought Arnie would cheer me up,but I don't know how long I'm stuck here for 
so saddened to know that @TheFoxTheatre would be so careless about a wedding. Thought they were better than that!! 
Thought there was a spider on my face and whacked it...of corse there wasn't and now I may potentially have a nose bleed! 
Thought the boat stopped rockin...I was wrong 
Thought I might have a leisurely lunch with Russell Brand's booy wook - but looks like I will be working through  
@EnigmaticR Thought that was what was wrong. I know how that feels.  You planning on going back soon?
Found a little 'present' from teh cats this morning  Thought they were too old and slow for that malarkey these days
Was - or is - M&amp;S still selling retro coffee and walnut [block] cake?  Thought I saw it a couple of weeks ago but not there this week 
Camping buns caught up with me, thought I cld get away with it. Thought wrong 
F***,I've got blisters on my feet  Thought the high heels were ok for today.They are!But only if you keep sitting at your desk! #Don'tWalk
Thought today was going to be a better day. Maybe not. 
@thebluesbros Oh snap.  Dammit. Thought it might be too good to be true.
Thought it might just be my laptop but my G1 also wouldn't work until I disabled wifi. @tmobileusa thanks for removing tethering apps 
Thought the bitch was gone but she came back...ugh this headache is killing me 
Thought today was the first day for bio, turned out it was yesterday. Stupid paper 
Thought I cld go home for the weekend but all flights r bookd. Sad 
Twisted my ankle playing Badminton last night. Thought it was ok but I can barely walk this morning. 
@jayegan no you're not, you're impatient!!! Thought I'd lost Bumblebee this morning 
Oh dear. Thought we were full but just found a page left to sell in Arundel and going to print today! 
@thelktoday I'm up. Thought about calling in sick due to the ridiculously biring day I have in front of me. Decided to go to work anyway. 
I guess imagine listening to a clicking pen all day long and you try putting up with it! Thought not  HELP!
Thought we had a great retail space in Apex picked out...but there's a lease pending...back to searching for a location 
Thought I was feelin better but I'm not so sure now... feeling terrible 
Is at work. .. Thought my message was gunna get read out on tha 5:19 show .. But it neva  aston is JOKES tho love him lots and tots
Thought I was feelin better but I quess I was wrong lying dwn....uggghhhh I hate being sick 
I just broke the crap out of @studiobanks. Thought I was going to get to go home tonight 
Thought I was invincible. I was wrong. Wood and cement got the best of me    http://twitpic.com/7omcm
Has had mum take the laptop home out of the hospital. Thought that was for the best. No more T1 updates though 
Oh god just had a major panic! Thought Noah was going to steal my spongebob teddy 
Not going to make it to the #lancup . Thought I'd update my iPhone first and that  took an hour and a half. 
Missed my daughter sports day ... rubbish parent. Thought it was this afternoon but instead at 9.30am 
Thought this girl had pandas on her.... They were pirate skulls 
Scheduling called 1408, haven't notified myself yet. Thought I was going to get at airport reserve, but it doesn't sound like it 
Bummer. Thought I found my first love, but I was wrong. 
@brittanygoossen get the new iphone in white with me! We can be phone twinsies! Thought I saw u at topanga mall tues but it wasn't u 
Thought we were on our way to a photo shoot, but the rain says different...  
@kfdfiremedic70 THanks Ass.  Were you riding this evening ?? Thought I saw you..
Desperately need to go to bed. Thought I was doing good this week, but I have been up past 12 for a couple of nights 
@Kurisan You stil messing with that dude? Thought u moved on. Sounds like this dude has a piece of ur heart. 
What's happenin payday,any chance of u arriving a week early?? Huh? Thought so  http://myloc.me/4q9i
@Mindrover I just can't find this chap that @robineccles suggested I follow.Seems to be a typo somewhere  Thought maybe you'd spotted it
@y0mbo That's cruel   Thought you were dead-set on Gencon over #BlogIndiana
Thought I was going camping for the first time this weekend, but @nutmeggy13 &amp; @jimjr21 are chickening out cuz of the heat and storms. 
Why do I have to work during the entire LSU game?  Thought I'd get to watch the beginning at least but a rain delay has prevented that 
Damn, all the results for the GR-135 are wrong. Thought one or two points might need recounting, but it's a systematic error on them all! 
Thought I sent my husband to work with chicken strips found in the freezer... turns out they were really biscuit dough scraps!   
@Electrile Thought as much 
Thought I took 1 step ahead but I took 2 back  damn. I lost.
Too tired to tweet. Met a kid at the barn who knows my aaron. Thought that was cool but weird 
Thought I was feeling well enough to work drug free today. I was wrong. 
My day has been so lame. Thought it was my day off, it wasn't. I woke up at 3. 
Thought Year One looked funny, but people are saying it's worst movie ever made. Probably showed all the funny bits in the preview 
I had a nice swim, a visit with Grandma and some oatmeal cookies, yummy!  Thought I might make things when I got home, but I'm too tired 
@halojane and she is sleeping too!!  She woke up at 1 am last night and stayed up until 5 am. Thought I would die 
Thought for sure the boys would back me up for year one but no dice.  chick flick it is 
@middlep ??? damn. I've got about 6  Thought you might win this one @norfik1 @andywoodrow @kevintootill @thatpeskylimey
@Joeygrey  Do you think it was worth the hell we went through? Thought I would at least ache this morning! 
@TynanNida yup i actually regret that i've downloaded it. Thought it was greater that ubertwitter n it isn't. Just wasted my time 
Thought my kids were too old to subject me to awful soft play centres.  Seems I was wrong   Earplugs at the ready.
Lots of behind the scenes stuff going on today.  Thought I was taking the weekend off - oh well, such is life
@NeilHudson Thought that might be the case 
Celly  phone is missing   Thought I left it in ER, but I didn't. Maybe it fell into the blackhole under the front seat of my car!
Thought there was a sallys wher I live but no for hair and beauty trade 
@bennsu my Black Thought is there?!       
@Kalediscope I'm going through sumthin similar w/ an old luv. Thought we were going 2 connect in person 2 night. Of course it went south. 
Thought twitter would be fixed by now... 
&quot;So, do you even want a girlfriend? Thought so.&quot; this show makes me cry 
Thought da I could handle it... but I really can't... I misssss...... so much!!! 
@MsBookish I need to set up threaded comments on my blog. Thought I had ticked the right box, but it isn't working  SW #bloggiesta
@loritodd This site they have is a little confusing  Thought I signed up but it sent me to an admin page? Anywho, count me in!
Thought Transformers 2 was pretty good. Kinda long and not as good as the other one though. 
@RealDMitchell  Thought Wossy was  a bit a patronizing to you when I watched the repeat last night 
Thought maybe when I turned on the computer this morning it would magically reappear...yeah, right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thought tennis with Dad was 6:30-7'ish, no one is here! 
Thought about a dress today.. Too bad it's TOO cold 
Thought I saw @10omarion at cadbury world today  but I didn't. NOT FAIR
Thought I saw @10marion at cadbury world today, but it wasn't him  NOT FAIR
Thought Whole Foods would have wonton wrappers 
@Chrissyisms  us too     Thought I'd share it w/ those who are near a #DQ
@kujunat Oh dear, not sure what to do then..  Thought I could persuade you..     ;-(
@7angela7 I sent you a MS Message.  They were having problems yesterday with following, blocking and such.  Thought you were made at me 
@NotHot That's what I thought.  Thought I was safe, being the 3rd day, OVERNIGHT size for 4 hours. Does Advil thin things out?
@hairlessheart that was a bit disappointing,huh. Thought it would be longer, and theyd play more of it 
The bleh continues! I was alright by mid-arvo yesterday but am feeling shite again now.  Not cool at all body. Thought we were past this?
Damn you late starting hayfever!  Thought I might have got away with it this year 
@ThePoonie At home sick  Thought you weren't going to be there?
Thought I was over my food poisoning... It's worse now - thanks Egypt! 
@igpykin What? Worst night? How come? Thought all was cool when I left Vern's 
@horse31 It was the top result in the google search. And okay.  Thought you were just going to say you already had plans.
Thought I was getting somewhere with fixing Scooter but forum chappie hs jst thrown spanner in works &amp; cast doubt on problem fix.Cer-rap! 
@justads true that, didn't know u were sick! Thought it was just from  overworkn 
@ckilgore thanks, I noticed as well especially the ones with lots of text and seals. Thought about click thru but not that talented 
Well I missed that opportunity. Thought you were getting the same train 
@theShowgram - Farrah  Who's pick was that? Thought of you guys right away...
@readysteadystop It was like that when I read the article. Thought you knew  Congrats.
Mom said she was going to start reading the blog (radroots.blogspot.com) --made me excited! Thought: must re-commit to blogging..(again) 
Thought about a lot today, a lot that's been going on and I've decided to stay to Shonna and my son and it'll be all to the good. 
Thought I should jump on the bandwagon. 
@Zeintz Thought so 
Some goofball from Texas is smokin' his breaks on I70 - (cough) - traffic sucks!  Thought I would miss it 
Thought that was an interesting stat. Going back to sleep now. 
@inevergrewup Oh...good   Thought you didnt' know what brown sugar was!  That would be tragic.
I was awake at 5 this morning - lots of birds tweeting! Thought about doing some myself 
Thought I'd have a quiet day..ended up cleaning the garden and terrace. Cold juice please? Anyone else? 
Thought I would end the night with something mellow, &quot;Flux&quot; by Bloc Party. Goodnight all.  ? http://blip.fm/~5eb6b
Thought xmen was way better with graphics 
Thought cancer bats were fuknig awesome night carnt wait to see them again on suday  HAILLL DESTROYER!!!!!!!!!!!1
Thought about it, and decided not to jump the gun on Trishina. There will be someone else out there for Pierone 
@kirstiealley Oh P.s can you place me on your follow list. Thought I would ask... 
I love myself. Thought we had no black ink for the multifunction thingy but there's some in the drawer 
@lheylah not so bad thanks! Thought i'd overslept today but i'm up early 
@miafieldes yay! Thought I'd let you know I was with &quot;littles&quot; today  Made me very happy! Can't wait to see you xx
@bnycastro Noticed 'Filipino' is singular.  Thought we were all 'one' during that day   Thanks!
@adventuregirl  Just started following you.  Thought you might like @WildEarth.  Checking your bio u probably say been there done that. 
@Tottie Thank you, thank you!! Thought this is where all the cool kids hang out now, hehe  xoxo!
Eating an apple... for once in my life!!! Thought you would like to know 
@carlyrighteous I'm in belleville at my parents and someone offered me a bus ride to orillia for 10$ at the mall. Thought of you 
@blawnoxgirl Yes, we will! We should maybe do it in a DM though so we don't annoy our followers. Thought of that too late.    Good night!
following (56) or being followed by (62) 32 fewer thanks to http://news.unclutter.com/  Thought I'd lose more.   Good sign, I guess. 
Thought hartnett was callin me out on how bad my essay was. Instead he thought it showed a higher understandin from organazational skills 
@pursebuzz ... doggone premature &quot;enter&quot;. LOL! Thought of you tonight. Worked on makeup. 
Thought Eurovision was great last night 
http://twitpic.com/5ct9e - Thought you guys would like to know how I look 
Thought for the day: Remember not to accidentally send direct messages as public tweets! 
@ellielocke THANK YOU  Thought I'd try something new ;D Xx
@screweduptexan thx! Yep trying to... Thought I'd see how I go with tweeting the recipe so to speak 
@misskatiekay I broke in to your spa last night. Thought of you. Don't know where you live though.  nor do I have your #
Thought you might like a sneak peek at some sweet seamless panties I'm about to put up for sale  http://yfrog.com/5jvknj
Heard someone slaughter this last night. Thought I'd remind myself of the original  ? http://blip.fm/~6iqtp
Aane chaar aane bache hain chaar aane - waste na karna yaar!  Thought for the day - sieze the day. Truthfully.
Catching a flight to Melbourne. Thought I'd escaped the news room but guess what's playing in the headrest screen? 
@Abongachong Ahem, ignore the last tweet. Thought I lost my work but as it turns out, my laptop isn't completely useless. 
@KColquhoun Thought you would like 
@MorningstarRock LOL Thought there was some hidden, less apparent reasoning is all  Cheers!
@swaller Thanks! Note to self: Get apps. Thought I was cool when I finally got twitterberry. 
(@1cincymom) @swaller Thanks! Note to self: Get apps. Thought I was cool when I finally got twitterberry. 
@MGiraudOfficial Kalamazoo is very proud of u.  I remember seeing you play the piano in lobby at the Radisson!  Thought u were amazing! 
@mishacollins  so the bandaid I gave you did come in handy.  Thought so.  
