Most common words for this cluster:
[('throat', 253), ('fire', 10), ('strep', 8), ('throats', 8), ('lol', 6), ('soar', 6), ('n', 4), ('amp', 3), ('woke', 3), ('headache', 3), ('burns', 2), ('someone', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'throat', 0.9934981465339661), (u'throat_ENT_specialist', 0.6745818853378296), (u'throat_ENT', 0.6473721265792847), (u'throats', 0.6433635354042053), (u'fatally_stabbed_Kercher', 0.581861138343811), (u'stomach', 0.5635793805122375), (u'windpipe', 0.5581163763999939), (u'neck', 0.545746922492981), (u'Senitt_throat', 0.5370175838470459), (u'nose', 0.5362486243247986)]





my throat is raw. 
My throat really hurts 
my throat is killing me 
It official, I have strep throat 
my throat is a bitch! 
ugghhh my throat burns 
has a sore throat    so much for karaoke!
Has a sore throat 
it feels like my throat is on fire 
i think i have strep throat 
Has a sore throat! 
woke up with a sore throat   ugh.
My throat is sore. 
ouch. my throats so sore 
@chavie101 lol if only it was just a pact...then my throat wouldn't hurt so much 
Ugh sore throat 
My throat hurrrrrrrts 
My throat doesn't hurt too much anymore, but I'm still sick 
is going to sleep with a sore throat and no medicine!! 
up and don't feel so good, throat is killing me 
Is watching titanic in bed with a sore throat and headache 
I am starting to feel better buy my throat still hurts 
my throat is on fire 
try taking 13-no 14 knives and stabbing your throat. then you know how i feel right now 
My throat is starting to hurt  and i am soooooooo tired
has a sore throat ... 
I have strep throat and it hurts 
@gfalcone601 my throat is still killing me from hammersmith  and I feel like a granny with stiff joints it's not good!! I'm 17 not 75!!
someone bring me a smooothie, pwease  my throat is killllin'
when I woke up my throat was hurting. 
I hate soar throats 
@westernvibe we all have sore throats 
Home with a sore throat... 
@lesley007 just probs with my throat my own fault really. i smoke when u go out and my throat and tonsils cant handle it no more 
Has a really soar throat!  it hurts to breath n swallow 
has a sore throat. 
at home recovering from strep throat and or virus 
My throat is killing me 
has a sore throat 
@meykel @pinot Not only that, it leaves a very unpleasant aftertaste in your throat. 
My throat is hurting me 
My throat has gotten worse! 
Morning...although its not a good one for me, think someones been rubbing sandpaper down my throat again 
4AM and i want to cut my throat off just so i can sleep. 
is sick.... cough... colds...fever...sore throat... H1N1 ?!?!!?!!  
My throat still feels like someone punched it 
eurgh my throat is dry! i want a drink 
@missyjule just really hungover and think my throat is infected again 
woke up with a sore throat 
i can feel the pill still stuck in my throat 
Singing my heart out, but now my throat is sore again 
ugh my throat is soar  I hope its not the swine lol
i have strep throat O_O  
my throats on fire 
my throat is killing me. I feel like there are two rock hard gum balls stuck in there. 
i'll never eat octopus again ...it's just stuck in my throat .. 
my throat wrecks 
has a sore throat 
has a sore throat and should be studying 
At work $$... I think I'm getting strep throat 
my throat still is blah 
has a sore throat 
I got strept throat... 
is having a major soar throat. 
My throat is burning 
my throat sores 
My throat is getting sore.. Perhaps I won't dodge the Tonsilitus pattern after-all. 
My throat is hurting so much 
at the redi med. getting checked for strep throat. 
My throat is killing me 
has a sore throat 
My throat is on fire 
I just stuck my finger down my throat and there are a bunch of bumps on my tongue &amp; throat. 
i think i have strep throat...will go to urgent care. 
My throat is in bits. 
my throat is sooo sore right now 
@jimmyconner i can punch him in the throat for you 
can't stop coughing.  i want to rip my throat off...would that help??? 
Has a sore throat! 
has a very sore throat and is barely able to talk now.... 
My throat is fuckin killing meeeeeeee 
i think i have strep throat 
still has a sore throat. 
My throat is swollen shut 
My throat still hurts and i still sound like a smoker 
My throat is so itchy 
Oh leathered throat~ I need to recharge. I feel lifeless and weak. 
I hate sore throats. 
It's official - I have strep throat 
The sinus infection I thought I got rid of two weeks ago has returned and my throat is on fire... Not good 
cannot feeeeeeel her throat 
My throat is hurting more by the  minute 
goignt o the hospital to check up on my throat, it's really sore 
My throat is still soreeeee  I can't wait until this is overrrrr
has a sore throat 
I feel sick and tired and my throat is sore 
Oowww...sore throats hurt  
has a sore throat 
has a sore throat 
@mandahead my throat has hurt for 3 weeks 
I may or may not have inhaled poison ivy smoke....my throat and chest are really itchy 
is numbing her throat with strepsils  
my throat itches... this can't be good. 
Homeeee with giboinkss &lt;3 massive headache &amp; my throat hurtsss 
@ohMaggielicious aww haha, i hope i didn't give you my sicky throat 
i feel like my throat is closing up 
has a sore throat 
my throat killllls 
My throat is soooo sore. Better not be tonsillitis!! 
has a sore throat again 
my throat is like sand paper, and i feel dizzy 
sore throats 
@ChiitownKar btw my throat is killing me!!! i sound ike a dude... 
Has a sore throat 
Who hates waking up with a sore throat... i do 
my throat is store. it feels like i have swallowed glass. 
@kinzoo786 idk but my throat is so swollen i can't even talk 
has a tickle in her throat that she just can't shake. 
My throat is hurting me 
I am very sick, have very much sore throat 
My throat is sore 
my throat is killing me 
@simsiesims i have a bad throat too 
I hate strep throat 
has a sore throat 
has a sore throat. 
is has a sore throat  and is burningg up!!!
has a sorfe throat 
my throat is sore 
is coming down with a sore throat and very sad. 
I suspect I have strep throat 
@itsprettyokay  that made *my* throat tight.
The little one has strep throat  in for another long night.
My throat is killing me, get me some beechams cold and flu 
G'morning. I have a very sore throat 
my throat is soooo swollen 
Ouch, throat really hurts 
I have a cold and my throat is on fire.. 
Really wants some coffee, but it dries out my throat. That's not what I need right now 
oooouch! my throat is SO sore 
wishing my throat wasn't so sore. 
Has a sore throat 
I hate sore throats! 
has a sore throat 
My throat burns so bad 
My throat is sore 
Has a sore throat! 
my throat 
Trying to sing right now but my throat is in so much pain that it's definitely not going to happen. 
wondering why my throat is sore....  
Oh gah I feel like my throat is bleeding. I feel so sick.  Blllaaahhh! 
my throat really hurts. 
too many Strepsils, egh, and my throat still hurrrrrtttsss!!!! 
has an itchy throat 
My throat's starting to hurt 
damnit my throat is sore 
woke up with a sore throat! 
I think my throat is swollen. 
just woke up and my throat is so sore i can't even talk. or swallow 
i'm really sick with a sore throat; it hurts soo bad 
sucking a halls soothers medicated sweet...but it ain't soothing my throat 
My throat is on fire. I don't know why, it just started bruning all of a sudden. Ah! 
I hurt my throat 
i'm sick...my throat and my nose is killing me 
has a sore throat 
My throat is killing me  ugh trying to sleep then work bright n early..gay
@shhshannon later I burped up powder D: it was gross tasting and it make my throat burn 
feeling like you have razor blades in your throat really sucks. 
is having the worst strep throat ever, it's beyond sore!!!! 
has a really bad throat 
such a bad throat 
god my throat is killing me... i cant even talk without it hurting  
in english 231 with a sore throat and headache 
So bored waitng for the dr to tell me If I have strep throat or not  http://mypict.me/42gu
ahh my throat is so sore  Serves me right.
my throat is soooo itchy 
My throat is killing me... 
Why is my throat still hurting?!  
i think i have strep throat. 
is starting to get a sore throat! 
fucking sore throat 
not feel so good, my throat is burnin', blehhhhh. 
not feeling so good. throat is burnin, blehhhh 
ugh sore throat..where did this come from? and it's still raining 
has a sore throat 
don't feel well.  sore/itchy throat etc...swine fluu? :'D lol.
My throat is sooooreee 
I think my throat is on fire 
my throat is fucked up. it keeps cracking so stupid 
My throat is still soooooo sore 
I want to rip my throat out 
got shore throat ! menyiksaaaa 
has a sore throat  xxx
@tracekase i woke up with a sore throat too 
Is at work with a sore neck throat and back 
with a soar throat  ..
has suchhhh as sore throat 
Ouch...my antibiotic just got caught in my throat. That hurtzors 
Off to bed, my throat is killin me 
Shoving throat tablets and medicine down my throat  bad times.
@lightsresolve  soar throat?
i need to swallow some cocaine to numb my throat 
Uncomfortable throat 
bring me soup... my throat is sore 
My throat just started hurting 
ouch my throat is sore 
my throat is fucked 
has a sore throat 
trying to sleep , but this strep throat is killing me  
my throat is so sore 
lalalallalalalalalallaa my throat is so swolen i cant even swallow 
has a sore throat and a cold 
has a sore throat and feels ill 
My throat is killing me 
I've come down with a sore throat...   blahhhh
has a sore throat 
Has a sore throat 
i have a soar throat 
my throat hurtssssssss 
I really hate strep throat  a lottttt ....  in bed foreverrr
I will never chew on a straw again....it cut my throat because i fell on it  now it feels like i have strept
@somfan on half my throat?  That would suck.
might possibly hav strep throat. this is jus great 
headache and bad throat..what more could you possibly ask for? 
I wish my throat would stop hurting 
My throat is fooked 
my throat is so tickling and sore. does that mean it's getting better? 
@kitpatlecter i can imagine  get shoving oranges down your throat!
ugh .. i hate the feeling of being ill. my throat is killing me and i feel entirely weakkk  meowww.
has a sore throat 
my throat is on fire 
my throat really hurts 
my throat is dry 
is recovering from strep throat.  Not fun...
Aghhhh my throat is on fire 
has a sore throat 
my throat is sore 
My throat has been killing me for 2 days now  it sucks..
my throat is so sore  i better not be getting a cold
My throat is really sore 
Eugh. I detest windy photoshoots. Espescially when my throat is closing over. 
I hope my bad throat isn't a sign of H1N1.. 
My throat is starting to feel ticklish  noooooooo
too hot.... scratchy throat turning into sickness.... 
I hate this bubble in my throat 
ah! i have cough and cold. soar throat din 
coughing continuously. my throat is so dry 
Thinks he has a sore throat 
4 days til divorced!  my throat still hurts 
Having some hot drinks for my throat 
has a sore throat. 
Has a sore throat 
@DREEE9 my throat killllsssssssss &amp; i lost my voice.. kill me lol 
wow... my throat is obliterated 
Somethings wrong with my throat 
lol a frong in her throat, nick is so cute! ahh! got to love him 
#jaljeera! The best a thirsty throat can get 
@TheBigfella lol yes the warm due was killing my throat i have ic now 
