Most common words for this cluster:
[('throat', 770), ('sore', 329), ('hurts', 291), ('sick', 53), ('nose', 36), ('today', 32), ('feels', 30), ('amp', 24), ('headache', 23), ('fever', 16), ('cold', 15), ('day', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'throat', 0.8266782164573669), (u'famously_bruised_shin', 0.6123017072677612), (u'hurts', 0.6042108535766602), (u'stomach', 0.600400984287262), (u'fatally_stabbed_Kercher', 0.5968035459518433), (u'nose_itches', 0.5914653539657593), (u'stomache', 0.5865651369094849), (u'sore', 0.5852706432342529), (u'projectile_vomited_Vangelo', 0.5782173871994019), (u'knees_ached', 0.5751291513442993)]





might be getting a sore throat again 
Horrible sore throat  hurts
blahhh, my throat is sore &amp; i keep coughing. i hate being sick 
My throat hurts. I think I have a cold 
gd mornin world. i hav a cold.. my throat is burnin! 
is feeling even worse..  cold, cough, sore throat.. the works 
cant eat, drink or breath thanks to the bad throat infection 
cant eat, drink or breath properly thanks to the bad throat infection 
cant eat, drink or breath properly thanks to the bad throat infection 
Anyone got any tips for a sore throat and swollen glands? lemsip is just making me ill 
im sleepy, my head aches and my throat hurts and i want to go home 
My throat feels like I swallowed a hot coal. 
fighting a bad swollen, painful throat and headache. 
just got a 25euros fine, a bad sore throat, and a horrible running nose. what a great weekend 
my throat hurts @rondance which of your remedies solved yours? The las thing I need right now is to be sick and without a voice 
Having the hardest time getting outta bed. I have a sore throat of doom and ache all over. 
@lenejohansen I had to reschedule bc a throat infection kept me home yesterday 
dog has been walked. washing in the machine. chill time. sore throat though 
feeling pitiful....sore throat  blahh
i hate being sick. i feel horrible. my head is about to expload. my throat hurts so bad. 
I have a sore throat.  
lieing in bed with a very soe throat feelin very sorry for myself  boo hoo hooooo
this is the only thing i hate about spring  .. i was fine then i walked outside today. .instant sore/scratchy throat and iritated eyes!
Still don't feel good, my throat hurts 
hangin on the maines bus. my throat hurts 
My throat kinda hurts 
My throat is raw from my massive coughing fits. I never take my medicine like a good girl.  
havent slept one bit. sore throat. achy. cough. fever. 
got a sore throat.. the flu.. need.. pitty 
i've read so much notes that im feeling giddy now and idk, the medicine is making my throat very dry 
My throat hurts 
We r all full of cold a sore throats. Need to be under quarantee ! 
I have a sore throat 
the return of the sore throat part 2! hurtinggggg  hate sundays!
I have a sore throat and can't sing :|  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I am not liking this sore throat I seem to have 
I have a sore throat 
Oh my word my throat hurts so bad. 
My throat hurts  death cab for cutie toniiiight 
@ravingecstasy there's so many sammiches and ham mentioned on the show, I find it amusing. I reckon I'm getting a sore throat/cold too 
being sick. a sore throat and a headache 
rarr flu is gone but has been replaced by a nasty headcold/sore throat. 
my throat hurts so bad... 
I think im getting sick, my throat is starting to itch. 
my throat is still killing me!!!  i can not be getting sick! 
woke up with a very sore throat  feeling whiny!
My throat hurts realllyyy bad 
bleh my throat is all scratchy and my eyes are kind of bleary and my stomach hurts 
My throat hurts. 
had a painful lunch  thanks to my throat infection
got a sore throat 
feeling like absolute crap today  my throat hurts SO bad.
@myrandalove idk if I'm sick. I hope not D: I have a concert coming up D= But my throat hurts so idk 
my throat hurts 
my throat hurts so much right now 
My throat is killinnng me. 
loosing my voice from all the coughing.  my chest and neck hurt.  i think i will surely die. 
My throat hurts like no other and all I want is my hockey god but it's not happening 
argh my throat hurts! 
@afrum00 My throat hurts like no other and all I want is my hockey god but it's not happening 
Ugh this guy stinks of cigarettes my throat is actually burning :S 
My right nostril is burning and my throat still hurts. 
@rosswitherby now all you need is a sore throat  get well soon buddy.
My throat hurts like no other and all I want is my hockey god but it's not happening 
ack. I feel a sore throat coming 
My throat hurts so bad 
i hate having a soare throat its sooooo annoying!!!! 
@idkmaggie: my throat feels dry and crackly. 
my throat hurts even more now bc i was screaming haha. i keep needing to sneeze, i hate that feeling; my sneezes wont come out 
off out with dave today! got a sore throat though 
@ttaasshhaa my virus back again or something, my throat is so bad, can barely speak 
My throat hurts. 
i dont feel so good. i think i got strep throat and a massive headache. i think northside's water got me sick 
i'm not going to church today because i don't feel good at all. my throat hurts. 
@NinaMcFLY my throat hurts so  
I have the worst sore throat I think I've ever had and nothings making it feel better 
so i thnk i might have tonsillitis  ughh, my throat hurts. and we're going to the zoo
horrible throat ache and fever 
i hve a sore throat  i hope it's not the flu.....
I have a bit of a sore throat, which is odd; I don't get sick.  http://plurk.com/p/rm7r7
I hope @missmeggydoodle feels better! She's got a sore throat. 
is getting a sore throat.    I don't have time to get sick right now.
owwww. my throat hurts 
has such a sore throat 
has a little bit of a sore throat.  
I've been sick all day, sore throat, sore chest sore everything 
mcfly show last night was awesome ... i have such a sore throat now ... and a little disappointed with my pictures  ... but it was sti ...
have a terrible soar throat and had hardly any sleep 
I could quite happily stay in bed today with my sore throat  What a waste of a bank holiday!
smoking the hookah made my throat hurt 
oohhh I just sneezed and thought my throat might explode.... that hurt alot 
woke up 2 a stuffy nose and  my throat still hurting. :/ i hate being sick. 
is getting no sympathy for a sore throat 
Ugh, I have a sore throat, chills, sweating and some pain. If I oink, please take me to the doc 
My throat hurts from all the coughing. 
@blueladystudios Thank you! I think it's too late... my throat hurts. 
drinking cold tea from yesterday. sore throat 
my throat is kinda sore 
getting sicker by the hour. the sore throat is getting worse. not good, not good at all 
my throat hurts 
Wow feel surprisingly ok. Except my throat is killing me 
Out of sugery and my throat hurts more than my sinus 
i need to quit smoking. ESPECIALLY when i have a sore throat. i don't think i can even talk right now, it hurts so much. 
What a beautiful day... Too bad i woke up to a sore throat 
hates sore throats. 
I think I'm getting sick  really sore throat and stuffy ears. Not a good sign!
oww! my throat hurts! 
i hate it to be sick .   sore throat is baad.
just woke up and im sick. swollen throat 
My throat hurts when I swallow, I can feel a cold coming on... 
my throat hurts 
I have a sore throat  
Ive got a sore throat 
my throat hurts a little.. yucky 
my throat hurts 
To many calls today and I am getting a cold  sore throat is setting in and I have to talk to an entire class of people later.
My throat hurts so so badd  
feels like a million swords are stabbing her in the throat!! oh man--hurts to talk and swallow  ughhh..lets hope it's not strep!
I've got the plague  oww my throat hurts
my throat hurts reaaalllyyyy bad 
My throat hurts 
My throat is killinggggg me 
My throat is swollen and my head hurts so bad 
So I am thinking it was a bad idea to go out last night, I dont feel good now  my throat hurts I am tired and I am tired...
coughing feels like wolves gnawing at my throat 
I have a horrible sore throat and can't sleep. And I have work in the morning and can't ask off. 
@paulmason10538 lol thanks! um my throat hurts blocked nose and feel a flu coming my way   hows u
nose is blocked, head hurts and so does my throat  i hate being sick! and this is totally the wrong time for it too!
My throat hurts. 
just woke up and I have a sore throat 
trying to recover from all these sickness; coughing, fever, sore throat, you name it! 
I have a sore throat 
My throat hurts.  i hate allergies  farmgirl@&lt;3
my throat hurts  any remedies anyone could suggest??
Just woke up. And i have the sniffles and a sore throat today. 
urgggg my throat hurts 
So very bored, and got a sore throat again!! 
my throat hurts so bad 
My throat feels weird 
Just woke up, my throat fucking hurts , poor me 
So sick, 4:16 am and can't sleep due to major sore throat and huge headache  second night in a row this is happening
up at 4am right now cus off this stupid cold,my throat hurts,my nose is runny,my body aches,ughh I hate temperature changes! 
just woke up, don't need to go to school today. my throat hurts 
@tdm911 hehehe my throat hurts 
@Dojie feeling well to hot as it is  my throat hurts too 
@beccaspeaks  I have a bit of a sore throat
I have a terrible sore throat and cold! 
my throat hurts 
i feel a sore throat coming 
ick - my throat is scratchy too!  i hope the rest of the day is smooth going
@JosefinKron I'm sick too!  I have a sore throat...
My throat hurts.. 
maaan! my throat's aching like nething 
@bellereve my throat is on fire! I hate being sick! 
Another rainy day  sore throat and runny nose!...need the sun to shine!
very tiresome, I appear to be getting a cold, I have a sore throat.  This is bad, exams in 2 weeks 
can feel a sore throat starting 
I'm so sick of this sore throat.. &amp; the fever isn't helping! 
I'm so exhausted right now. and my throat hurts 
my throat feels horrible 
I think thomasgave me the flu! I've got a sore throat.. runny nose n don't feel gd  He was like this the other day! Arrghhh!  x
Has a really bad sore throat.  oh, boo.
Oh, boo my sore throat. 
just burnt the back of my throat on a slim-a-soup  it hurrrrrts 
my throat hurts... 
I'm craving for a boost juice. But I have a sore throat 
UGH my throat hurts 
My throat hurts. 
I'm really worried about these horrid allergies -- have to sing in a recital tomorrow and my throat feels like shit 
i feel like crap, my throat hurts so bad, &amp;on top of this green day like pretty much sold out for philly, ill do anything to get tix 
i'm really craving pho, but my throat hurts 
My throat hurts 
is not feeling well. feverish. sore throat. body pains. 
ill  anyone else know mouth ulcers could live in your throat?
not feeling well. feverish. sore throat. body pains. 
is not feeling well. feverish. sore throat. body pains. 
my throat hurts. i think i'm getting sick 
my throat hurts  taking some nyquil &amp; passing the fuck out.
I really need something for my throat. 
i haz a sore throat 
I'm sick and can't sleep... I hate being sick.. my throat hurts 
My throat hurts and I can't sleep. 
eughhhh feels really ill today  - headache, bunged up and a sore throat - hayfever?
My throat hurts so bad that i dont even want to swallow my own spit.       And i officially cant talk now....  
My throat hurts 
I'm always hungry all the time but now I don't even feel like eating. This is not normal...and my throat's sore. I'm sick 
My throat hurts 
I am sick, very sick, sore throat and flu 
Far too sick to sing.  I've got a post nasal drip and a sore throat, just sent my sorry I won't be there email 
My throat hurts bad.  tonight is going to be fun.
still no eat. still in office. and now i get sick throat 3 days before i leave for an air condition throat killing tour bus 
@miss_cass my throat hurts today.  blahhh.
My throat hurts SO bad 
not feeling too good, got a sore throat 
woke up with a sore throat. gah. 
My horse didn't win.  but it wasnt his fault. It was the stupid jockey. I'm gonna throat punch him..
noooo! I'm getting sick! throat feels like it's closing up and hurts so bad, so sad for my weekend 
ow.. now my throat is hurting from all the screaming &amp; fighting 
my throat hurts really bad  dang allergies
I am tired cold and have a sore throat  plus i'm getting increasingly annoyed at my brother and his girlfriend squealling and giggling.
I think I'm actually dying xD my throat hurts so much I don't wanna leave the house 
woke up with a stuffy nose and a sore throat, yay! 
i have a sore throat 
sick...probably gonna stay home all day, sore throat, sore and slightly puffy eyes, everything is tired out, and lots of sinus pressure 
shakin', sore throat, feel like vomiting..... thx di!!! 
has caught charlotte's cold and can feel a sore throat coming on! 
my throat hurts 
@nevershoutbecca awwh i gots a blocked nose  and a sore throat.
But i think i may have a sore throat. Damnt. 
I have a sore throat. I feel horrible 
got such a sore throat it hurts soo much!  xox
My throat hurts and my voice is weird 
My throat hurts so bad! 
my throat hurts.  I wanna cry a little.
@jamiefarhat yes it does, so does having a sore throat 
everyones drinking beer.. but me.. tea. having a sore throat sucks. coughin all day made it hurt so much more 
going to bed. i am sick. my throat hurts. my body aches. ouch 
My throat hurts and we still got 4 days left 
Every cough feels like sharp pins down my throat 
my mouth hurts.. wisdom teeth growing in  jaw sore. waaahhh. im such a complainerrrr
fell asleep around 11:30. now its 4am and i cant go back to sleep.  my throat hurts really bad too. 
I have a sore throat 
I have the worst taste in the back of my throat 
My throat hurts 
@moanyboot no i gots a swolen throat cant swallow 
just had some throat numbing strepsils however they hav numbed my tounge not my throat 
Oh and @Miaherz and I were screaming/singing and now my throat hurts a bunch..... 
 stuck inside revising &amp; my throat KILLS! at least it's sunny :o)
Another sore throat? Hufff.. 
my throat hurts so bad 
Should not drink on a sore throat 
Wondering if it's wrong I'm getting a lump in my throat reading @SpringWestEnd 's last tweets? 
I am coming down with something-woke up exhausted, and have this burning sensation in my throat. 
my throat feels like the desert scratching me with razorblades. 
I'm just a sick pup today; my throat &amp; ears are in crazy pain 
UGH ... I am even MORE sick this morning, my throat hurts worse, and my head is pounding    Wish I had a bf to take care of me lol  #fb
My throat is killing me and I'm coughing up some nasty stuff 
Oh no!!! I am just as sick... I have a sore throat that kills me...  ... x( ...
I'm so tired  my throat still hurts a little I just want to be over this damn cold.
sick with a sore throat 
my throat hurts so bad everytime i sneeze i literally almost start crying 
i feel like shit. i have a sore throat and my head feels like a bowling ball. 
my throat hurst A LOT 
my throat hurts A LOT 
My throat hurts so badly. 
I think I'm getting sick i have a killer sore throat 
is not happy i think i have a sore throat coming on and i so hate having a sore throat 
Where did this sore throat come from?  
Where did this sore throat come from? 
bored. out of my mind. my throat hurts. 
Still got a sore throat. It hurts when I cough too hard. 
My poor sister looks pityful  hope you feel better @mussolover! She's getting a strep throat rash
I have a sore throat.  I'm going to bed. zzz
me no feel so hot. im kinds getty coughy and scratchy throat 
has a super sore scratchy throat  #fb
I have a sore throat!! 
Two tablespoons of nasty theraflu down my throat!!!! Here goes nothing!!!! 
Feels like I'm gettin a sore throat and it sucks  just got back from the gym and now I think I'll lay by the pool til the sun goes down
Another working week starts   I have got a sore throat ....
trying to get rid of this horrible sore throat 
My throat hurts 
feels terrible- sore throat, headache, very cold and tired and sore neck.  Not a good day.
my throat hurts 
My throat hurts. 
feeling like I am coming down with something, my throat hurts, slight fever. I can't afford to get sick now.  
I have a sore throat...not good   
my throat hurts so much 
oh not again..  ive got such a sore throat)
Laying in bed trying to go to sleep... I've got such a bad headache! And my throat hurts alot too. 
still has a super scratchy sore throat  #fb
Hates waking up with a sore throat and a nasty cold. Yes, off work today. Now I'm going to slink back to bed, because feel really awful 
my teeth are killing me! I am a walking DISASTER! swollen throat, ear infection &amp; need 2 root canals. 
my throat hurts 
My throat hurts 
my throat hurts like hell.. 
gahh my throat hurts really bad  
I have a sore throat 
doesn't know whether to have a smoke or not 'cause her throat is fucked and she's coughing like fook. But, she really wants one. 
my throat hurts  and i feel sick - again 
Oh no...stuffy nose, scratchy throat....I REFUSE to get sick in the summer! 
i am allergic to something in my office. as soon as i sit down, my nose starts running and my throat starts itching. 
My throat hurts 
Home sick. I have a sore throat and fever. 
my nose is plugged and my throat hurts i dont wanna get sick 
suffering from a sore throat. 
my throat hurts  
Owwwwww my head hurts, probably from congestion, and i'm getting a sore throat 
It feels like someone tried to rape my throat with a cactus this morning 
@brizzling ughh same my throat is on fire it hurts and burns soooo much 
@_CorruptedAngel have a very sore throat, stuffed sinus' &amp; a cough... downside, I'm sharing @theDeanoRama seems 2 be coming dn w/ it 2 
My throat aches.  why is it you feel the weakest and most abandoned when your ill?
boo... my throat feels funny... 
My throat hurts. 
My throat hurts 
projects  and then &quot;regular&quot; choir concert at 7. my throat hurts a little so i might be lip singing 
my throat hurts so bad 
My throat hurts sooo bad from the surgical tube jammed down my throat  Amies coming over to take care of me
Bad news on the day though... I'm sneezing my nose raw, coughing a little, and feel a sore throat coming on. I can't be getting sick. 
My body aches, my head hurts, and my throat is sore 
time bomb. ouch. my throat hurts just listening to it.    i love this song though, and the jam makes up for it!!!
And my throat hurts 
somebody give me a sore throat remedy that WORKS!!!!  
this cold sucks!!  my throat hurts
My throat hurts 
@lgresser... get well soon  ...do plenty of gargles, it will help your throat...stay warm
My throat hurts  Its the exams I tell you! It was like this for the mocks too!
worried about this sore throat 
tired and got a sore throat 
Another glorious day here! I've got a sore throat 
My throat hurts from lack of sleep 
wish my sore throat/cough would go away 
awww my throat realli hurts.....wats the best thing 2 help a sore throat? ive tried butter menthols and honey but nothing has helpd 
No daily mass today for me, I woke up with a cold and sore throat 
@fadecy My throat's itchy too, and I've lost my hearin in my right ear 
Finished one full pack of mentos .. did nothing for my throat  I need minti!
my throat hurts. sniff. 
my throat hurts. sniff. 
my throat hurts and i feel like crap 
my throat hurts 
Ugh my nose is stuffy, my throat is dry, my teeth hurt,  and I have a headache, plus I want to work out @9 but I'm too sick to move 
My throat hurts. 
filmong the memories in my throat, hurts when i go without ten days smoke 
@sophieanneO i think i have a cold  and my throat hurts like hgfjhsdgfhg
feel another sore throat coming on. ugh 
ugh my throat hurts..  
I feel like someone is grabing my throat from the inside... my throat feels swolen 
am feeling really tired...think sore throat is coming back! 
my throat hurts so much!! 
My throat hurts  and that movie was completely demented, i think I'm gonna puke.
@HelloEli yupp still have a fever too.. Its been three days  now I have a nasty cough too from an irritated throat
my throat hurts from screaming last night n i have bruises on my ribs 
@ummijah plus I have a sore throat &amp; I have to be awake in 5 hours 
Attempting to lay down, soar throat, icky nose, fever 
Has the worst sore throat 
@Dragonhold nah, need to see a doc and get them to sort my throat out I think.  
What I would do for a couple shots of whiskey right now.  I bet that would cure my sore throat. 
woken up with such a sore throat 
grrrr hayfever is killing me!all itchy eyes sneezing and sore throat 
says my throat is dry and uncomfy  http://plurk.com/p/y44ca
@danlev But I did  silly nut got lodged in my throat =[
i have a sore throat 
I have a sore throat 
Ugh! My throat hurts badly...  
working like whoa...  sore throat is killing me.  I need a ricola.
my throat hurts, i have an extremely badddd headache, and i feel like total crapp.  
Thinking on how to get rid of a sore throat when I have a wicked weekend ahead to enjoy!!! 
Having some hot tea because my throat hurts 
my throat became inflamed..so hard to drink or eat something 
my throat hurts sooo much 
The sore throat is still here 
Really need to go see a doctor about my sore throat. 
oh man i hope im not getting sick  my nose is stuffy and i have a sore throat
I dint feel good my throat is a lil sore 
Hates this sore throat. 
My throat hurts 
Noooooooooooo my throat hurts 
my throat hurts 
wanting to sing but my throat hurts! 
hates that it hurts my throat to talk 
Bad sore throat... 
my throat hurts 
@itsfameybaby wht up u seem so up beat I need ur energy headaache, sow throat 
my throat hurts.. 
last night was goodd (: but now suffering from a sore throat   :l
@FashionistaChik yes...still have that funny feeling in my throat 
@PoetryILike I've been under the weather also...my throat is bothering me &amp; my wisdom tooth hurts. 
| my throat hurts. 
feeling sick  sore throat and bad cough
I have the world's worst sore throat.  
my throat hurts from screaming on the polar express 
I don't want sick .. I have a sore throat 
but stuck at home coz of the rains and a sore throat 
Going to bed. i have a sore throat 
owh.., had a sore throat since i was visited my old friend's house, i ate to much sweets there!! i hate it 
feeling a little better... some sore throat tho 
my throat hurtsssssss  read a little then off to rest.
@noamhirsch nothing special, just a headache.. plus, i have a sore throat and can't breath through my nose.. i'll fail if i don't study 
Drinking is fun (Y) I have a really bad sore throat  cherry lozenges are life savers  xx
I have a sore throat  i guess thats what i get for sucking too much cock 
Of course my throat hurts 
Is hoping a fruit smoothie will soothe my sore, sore throat. 
Aww man  I have a developing itchy throat
Blechhh my throat hurts. 
I woke up to a sore throat so no plasma giving for me. 
omgoshhh, i wish this would just go away, i hate being sick..i dont mind my nose being stuffy..its my throat that is swolen &amp; KILLS 
this cough hurts my throat 
I have a yucky ucky headache. AND a sore throat. 
my throat hurts 
i hve a sore throat... ugh its killin me it came outta nowhere &amp; its annoyin..... 
i have a sore throat, hopefully im not getting strep throat again 
my sis was sick...now she got ME all fucked up, my throat feels like SANDPAPER. 
My throat hurts 
i feel so bored, i need a new profilephoto, but i feel sick, my throat hurts, 
i hate when i cant breathe &amp; my throat is itchy. i guess bed rest is the best remedy. its just so nice outside. i hate feeling like this 
@laurawhittle_21 i already have a sore throat 
Really not feeling great today, sore head, sore throat, bit queezy... typical as I start 2 wks holiday 
hate this sore throat.. I mis summer 
my throat hurts 
Feeling pretty rough.. sore throat and not going to sea and vines festival because I'm not up to it 
Cough cough my throat hurts 
slowly getting over my strep throat!!! it still hurts tho! 
so bored!!!!!!!!!!!!! i kissed a boy just to start s@*&amp;..... lol  so tired dont know why!!   my throat hurts!  i  miss jaden!!  [ILOVEHIM]
got a sore throat 
just got a sore throat kinda and i fell and got alot of fucking cuts  they hurt 
So unfair - sore throat, headache, runny nose - all on a long weekend 
I might be dying. I have a sore throat and I keep getting the chills, followed swiftly by heat flashes and sweating. 
You know what sucks? Having a sore throat and being hungry at 4 am 
lovely morning, my eyes are red, my nose is blocked and my throat hurts  and a vocal exam next week... yes yes... brilliant indeed !
My throat hurts ...  
Should be rehearsing today , throat hurts too much though ! 
im sick. my throat hurts  im drinking tea all the time
my throat hurts 
my throat hurts!......  i think the green tea is helping me!
my throat is killing me. no joke. i am in such pain. this is so not cool 
Despite my facebook status... I can't get out of bed...  and my throat still f-ing hurts  *frustration*
kinda have a sore throat though, i woke up and it just feels sore.. 
my throat hurts sooo bad! poor meee 
ugh my throat hurts. 
doesnt feel good...sore throat and my ear hurts  WTF
I have woken up with a really painful sore throat  And had the most messed up dreams about creatures who were hunting me down??
I have got such a sore throat... like, sinus infection sore throat. 
i have a cold, and my throat is continuously making me cough, its so fucking itchy!!! an dnow my tummy hurts 
@backseatsurfer9 my throat is killing me and my nose hurts 
I have a sore throat and have lost my voice. 
I want to go out but I don't feel well, my throat hurts and I feel a bit dizzy~ 
--My throat hurts like crazy!  Just sitting here, chillin'!
has a major sore throat  (sick) today... http://plurk.com/p/z5k7y
my throat hurts 
I think I'm getting a cold  at least the sore throat is gone.
at work, so sleepy and sick, trying to drink diet coke to wake me up but it'ss hurting my throat  i'm such a complainer. wahwahwah.
got a sore throat  well its not really sore, just feels dry all the time. wish it would go away...off to bed now
hopes his sore throat goes away 
my throat hurts. it's just on the left side 
my throat hurts 
@COLKNO13 me too, and then i went to my sisters and her cats made it worst, lol my throat is itchy and sore 
on my way home... catching another cold... throat sore and swollen... ugh 
My throat hurts 
doctor tomorrow... my throat is killlling me more and more 
have you ever been so upset that you have like a lump in your throat and your stomach hurts? 
has a ear ache &amp; sore throat...   ...goodnight
Still have a sore throat 
I have a horrible sore throat, and I'm feeling all sick 
definatly more then allergies. i cant breathe. my throat is super sore. my eyes are swelling. my head is pounding. i feel like death.  x
my throat hurts...must have slept with my mouth wide open. urgh, 2 hours of math to start with tiday 
has got a sore throat 
It's monday and I have a sore throat 
is having a bad sore throat and a slight fever. The haze sucks 
@alitre you're not alone - my throat hurts 
I have a sore throat, and it's made of *stab* 
eyes are hot, head feels so heavy, throat hurts, body aches. sooooo sick. oww 
got a sore throat 
My throat hurts 
I have a sore throat and don't like it. But off to physics I go.. 
I feel a sore throat coming along. 
I think I have a bug - my throat hurts 
@ home, sick. might have overdone it a touch with t+z and gave myself a sore throat. 
@moirarogersbree I got choked up with a huge frog in my throat 'cuz it was sad &amp; tragic &amp; bittersweet ending. 
I am getting sick  my throat hurts so bad
Sitting at my desk not knowing where to start...my throat hurts  so I'll be off the phone today.
my throat hurts 
ugh...actually maybe I am coming down with something. just noticed that I'm chilled, have runny nose, sore throat, &amp; stuffed head felling 
I think I'm getting sick  - my throat kills
i'm a little bit sick today.  sore throat. just wanna go back to bed and so much to do!
Has a cold and sore throat 
@EEClass  my belly hurts, and my head and my throat.
damn, my throat hurts 
i've got a sore throat 
My throat hurts 
my throat hurts, NO! i cannot get sick this week, or next! 
fighting a bit of a sore throat... 
my throat hurts so bad right now 
I have a sore throat and a headache. I think maybe i'm getting a cold. I hope not, I can't afford to get sick 
No surprise that my cold is settling in my throat...probably will lose my voice by tomorrow 
I'm so tired of this happening. And my throat hurts so bad it sounds like I'm crying my eyes out. 
have to take honey to help my sore throat ew its so gross! 
Needing a fresh salad to soothe my sore throat. 
my throat hurts 
ugh. i feel like i'm getting a sore throat.  please no!!
i am so bored! and tomorrow will not go to school because i have a sore throat 
my throat hurts, my ears hurt, im wrecked and i dont feel well  hug pleaseee?
Resting after doing reports...I have a sore throat and ears.  Here we go again! 
Being on your period and having a sore throat doesn't mix well.  i want to die
meh, My throat hurts 
My eyes stinging and my throat is closing up..its getting harder to breathe..sigh, here we go again. 
It's officail. I'm sick  runny nose, soar throat, maaaajooor headache. uughh
my ears hurt.  and my throat still hurts like a bitch. woe. should eat something soon...
got a headache, throat hurts, and i think i have a slight fever. I wish josh could stay up later 
two days recovering from a sore throat ...    
watching bleach and hating my sore throat 
has just realized... my throat really hurts alot and I think I have a fever... 
I think i am getting sick...  It always starts with the sore throat!
pain at my throat 
i have a sore throat, and a cough that wont go away 
bad sore throat! 
My throat just wont quit!   please go away  nasty itch!
morning everyone,, got a sore throat.can hardly speak   
My throat hurts like fuck. 
I'm getting ythe slightlest inkling of a sore throat, and I have ulcers in my mouth  methinks im getting sickly 
This flu is killing me. I've got daggers in my throat and all that sniffling's making my nose go red 
my throat is killiinggg me  not happy jan
my throat hurts from the jobro concert last night  I think it was the mcfly part that did it lol (all that screaming)
yuk yuk yuk have a horrid sore throat and feel totally crap  its not fare am going to sulk 
@laurennnyo my throat fucking kills. i was nearly sick this morning cos of it  sooo worth it though! we were actually really close :')
woke up with another sore throat...its back 2 the bath tub 4 me 
@beccagreen93 it was amahazing!! oo it really was, but now my throat reaally hurts and i have to revise for chemistry retake tomrrow 
Lovely day today BUT..eugh..I've got a cold  It's the sore throat I hate the most, feels like barbed wire.
uh oh ... sore throat, stuffed nose, hurts to swallow ... too late for airborne? 
My throat hurts 
feels awful  i really hope i didn't catch strep throat from mary
@BigRed80sBaby lol..well i dont usually do this..lol..but ill take yu up on dat offer since my throat aint feelin 100 
whoaa . so busy  and i have a sore throat ! (
I'm REALLY trying hard not to get sick. But my throat hurts and I keep sneezing.  
My throat hurts. 
oh my... my throat is killing me!!! 
is still sicky-pooh, ughhh.. sore throat! 
I think I'm getting sick  my throat hurts
@djsolid007 I have a viral infection in my throat and ear  sad times - have to be on anti-inflammatories
my throat hurtss toooooo wtf 
my throat is so swollen that my chin is disappearing. ugh this sucks. i can't even swollow without tons of pain. 
just woke up. my throat hurts soi bad 
my throat hurts    *please save your sexual innuendo*
my throat hurts 
Has got a sore throat 
chillin at home my throat hurts!!!! 
has a really bad sore throat 
My throat feels like I swallowed acid with chunks of glass in it.  I'm going to lose my voice... I can't afford it damn it!!
I have a sore throat  
Feeling really sick.. wish my sore throat would go away 
Making dinner and wondering why I am so lucky as to be getting a  killer sore just before summer break. Hurts to move my head sore throat 
this has got to be the worst time to get mild fever, flu, sore throat AND dry coughs. boooo! 
My sore throat is back 
My nose is running like crazy, and my throat hurts.  oh nos.
i have a sore throat  hsm3 just makes me scared/sad to be a senior
not to mention that my throat hurts 
my throat hurts 
headache all daaay + sore throat = cry myself to sleep...and I can't even sleeep wth 
@ohhellofriend bummer! sore throats are the worst! don't know any remedies  but i hope you feel better soon!
my throat hurts so much wtf 
My throat hurts, I think it's sore. bleh, I don't wanna be sick 
my throat hurts. no talking for me  haha
having strep throat stinks 
My throat hurts 
I'm really sick + ewent to docotrs and its viral infection in both my eyes and I have a sore throat too 
tired and yucky my sinus's hurt and my chest does to.  
awww my throat hurts!!!!! what do i do??????????????????? 
I have a sore throat and a headache...moshing to saosin last night has done me no favours 
my throat hurts so much  swell I guess no singing for me today..
have a goddamn sore throat since yesterday...really irritating my throat badly...no respite 
@leafiness just noticed I have tonsilitis how crap is that, wondered why my throat was so sore 
Just woke up. So hot and tired, sore throat too 
My throat hurts 
my throat feels like it's the size of a melon  ouchies
 i felt so sick today, had a sore throat and had to go to a doctors appointment.. i just wanna rest
ugh!!!!!!!!!! I have a sore throat.......... again... it hurts!!!!!!!! 
My throat is in knots! im like excited for no reason  hahaha
Still sick and now my throat hurts 
i got a stinking sore throat now 
My throat hurts really bad and I can't sleep 
on the verge of a sore throat 
I feel soo sick!!! my throat hurts, ears hurt, I can't breath and I have the worst headache ever but I can't sleep... ughh   
@PushPlayNICK wors than the sore throat is waking in the middle of night gasping for air cause of a stuffed nose  summer colds suck 
Ugh my throat hurts like a mug 
woke up with a sore throat &amp; ear ache just on the left side.  
@Goleudy doing ok, still job hunting  and getting bored, just an acoustic guitar for now how long you had the sore throat?
im sick  i have a sore throat, blocked nose and a throat full of phlegm. yum.
I have a sore throat 
i'm so very sleepy today and have a sore throat. I really hope I am not getting sick 
So I just woke up &amp;&amp; my throat feels sore 
Leftover Japanese for lunch. I have a sore throat...  bad timing!
die, my throat feels sore. 
drinking tea in hopes of this sore throat going away. ive been sick/had a cold again for the last week now  i just want to be better!
I slept next to an open window and now i have a really bad cold and a sore throat 
finally getting over her cold, now i have a sore throat instead! YAY  
my throat hurts and no one wants to take care of me 
My throat feels a bit itchy...I'm always scared of getting sick 
My throat hurts a little bit  oh no
@pamelababyf0sh0 A phlegmy throat 
my throat hurts 
i do not like having a sore throat. not at allllll.  
I've got a sore throat 
Feeling a lot like crap today!  I've got a blocked and runny nose, sore throat, cough and just overall yucky feeling 
feel so sick!!! got a burning throat!!! complaining is all i have to make myself feel better. 
I have not been on the phones in 2 days and still no voice!  And my throat hurts 
My throat feels like its been grated 
Having a sore on my throat. 
My throat hurts.  At the moment I'm wondering why i wanted those stupid tonsils out. It hurts with them out.
@nickstatler ..my throat hurts.. 
getting sick  i have a sore throat  and i miss my papas 
really bad sore throat... 
Why do I even consider smoking while we have this swine flu epidemic on our hands... my throat hurts 
is suffering from a bad sore throat for 3 consecutive days 
I seriously need to go to the doctor... 3 weeks is a bit long for my throat to still by effed up.. 
My throat hurts.  ::cough cough::    
Another sore throat   I wish I could get rid of whatever's giving me these.
sick over summer  rosanne and a sore throat!
my throat hurts 
my face is swollen.. and my throat hurts soo much..  I wanna go hom.. well, I acutually do in one hour.. yay
You know it's bad when your sore throat wakes you up... 
cough and sore throat. the weather is not helping me 
Morning! I'm not feeling very well, my throat hurts really bad 
bah i've got a sore throat 
I feel terrible this morning.... I have a cold, soar throat, and a fever... I want to go home   
@WhosROBMAN jus wakin up tired and sick..lol. my throat hurtsss 
Hideous sore throat tonsilitus or something, smoking makes it worse! :O shock horor. It's sunny and I'm going to work 
feeling sori 4maself n my sore throat!  
my throat hurts 
yay...got rid of the throwing up, now i have a sore throat 
just woke up. feeling kinda sick. my throat hurts 
found food...but now my throat really really hurts  Off to gargle with paracetmol and then have a shower!
I have a sore throat. 
had a cold.. I can't breathe.. gotta headache, nose is 'tuffy, sore throat, I ust wanna lay down and sleep forever!!... 
my throat hurts 
Sitting in the waiting room at the doc again! Another sore throat  why!!!!!!!!!
@philhawley I thought mine was hayfever actually but tonight i have a sore throat and ear ache so am thinkin its a cold 
Going to have an early night, sore throat and the like 
my throat hurts - thinking about going to the doctor on saturday 
my throat hurts 
my throat hurts 
ugh, my fucking throat hurts 
Morning all ..... suffering today , bad cold , earache and a sore throat and still havent found my ipod 
my throat hurts  but new songs sound sweet like a wagwarnin cherry, can wait to lay them down in the studio
I have a sore throat =(  GOOODDD, make it go awaayy 
i have a sore throat 
i have such a sore throat 
my throat aches quite a lot 
I've got a sore throat  Too much singing.
This stupid sore throat is killing me ..... 
My throat is so messed up I can't eat breakfast. Looks like it's either strep or tonsilitis... Heading to the doctor and no swamp stomp 
I have a sore throat 
im down wif flu, sore throat&amp;high fever 
i have a sore throat 
i have a sore throat. It feels like lil munchkins are stabbing the inside of my throat while having a party. 
The left side of my throat hurts worse than anything ever 
just woke up and have a really bad sore throat.  I hope i'm not getting sick right before i leave to go to college. 
feeling a little under the weather. still have a sore throat.   my birthday is tomorrow and i can not be sick.
ear bump has gone down slightly, when will this fucking sore throat go away 
At work not felling so good yet this morning. Just really tired. And a sore throat. 
*gasp* why is my throat so itchy... it better not be the flu because I took the jab! 
My throat is still in trouble 
i have a sore throat  i think im comming down with something 
Bad morning! I'm sick  my throat hurts.. my nose is runny.. my eyes are swollen. I'm super sick :[
Still havin a sore throat 
is having a hard time sleeping because of my itchy throat. 
Feeling really sick, migrane and my throat ! And I miss my amazing gf 
Off to buy medicine for my soar throat! 
@teresafuhl regret? because I can only speak through post-its, apparently. The lump in my throat was so big i couldn't say much else. 
ugh, my throat hurts so bad 
my throat feels as if its closing 
my throat hurts! 
my throat hurts 
i feel like my throat is being ripped out. i hate this feeling. it really hurts. 
I got a cold...or something..my throat is so sore... 
wishes her throat didnt hurt. 
you know that itch in the back of your throat that you get when you're about to get sick? I think I just got it  
My throat hurts bad.  fuck
Morning~ Whaaaaaadup I feel a sore throat coming up real bad 
Nursing a sore throat 2hrs b4 my flight. 
I have  a sore throat, a sore body, and I am really tired. I think I need to go to bed. 
@nathanprodi yeah, i'm sick  i feel like i have a fever, but i'm not sure. my throat hurts SO bad though.
don't feel good my throat hurts 
says fug. sore throat + flu. please i dont want to be sick  http://plurk.com/p/12dflr
have a sore throat and a blocked up nose. think its from all the car fumes from outside work  hooray for unemployment!
my sore throat isnt going away  recoding session is coming... aah!
I hate having a sore throat 
My throat hurts, allergies 
My throat hurts  this sucks
Just woke up and realized my throat hurts soooo bad. 
Has got a sore throat todayy 
My throat hurts me very much!! 
My throat hurts today. 
suffering frm fever n soar throat    
i hate having a sore throat 
I should make a list of summer things! I just woke up and I have a sore throat 
ugh ugh. not a good morning. i just woke up with a gigantor headache and i sound like froggy from the little rascals.  my throat hurts ...
http://twitpic.com/7x40n -  haveing a bad hair day and a sore throat.
@_lizziie_ I have a sore throat 
woke up with a bad sore throat 2day. not good, think it might be allergies...... 
my throat hurts 
Emily made me laugh when I was drinking gatorade...not cool x.x ughh my throat hurts sooo bad 
My throat hurts 
soo sick  my throat hurts and i dont feel to well.. hopefully i get better by exam days.
my throat hurts 
Still have a touch of an icky headache &amp; sore throat, praying I'm not getting a cold but might be a bum and stick around home tonight 
I've got a sore throat  so swollen I can hardly swallow..... got to be better for tomorrow.
i cant breathee.  myy throat hurts. i wanna go home.
and if it hurts this much, it must be love. my throat hurts 
Laying in bed @ 11:52 in the afternoon. I have a headache and my throat feels sore 
I thought I cured my sore throat but its back 
my throat hurts 
@theREALgbaby...my throat hurts like a bitch..happens every time I smoke..fack. 
my throat hurts. 
party i went to was fun! i still have a sore throat but other than that im good! anywhoo science it is again 
relaxing with the hubs. waiting for my sore throat to go away 
My throat hurts pretty bad. 
um..my throat hurts 
oh my god i can't believe im still awake! AND im feeling unwell, i have a sore throat and achey - so all in all pretty rubbish really 
feels a soar throat coming on  nooooo
I hope DeeJae is better today. She had a bit of a sore throat last night 
 I have a sick @posty today. He has a headache, cough, sore throat.  He is curled up on the couch.
sore throat sore throat ! 
is having sore throat and cough.. think after 3days of durian, this is what happen.. 
@MaryamRemias  she is still sick... sore throat and runny nose 
My throat hurts/ 
My throat hurts. 
my throat hurts. i think i'm losing my voice  ...goodnight!
yikes.. need to song lead later @ church, n I now have a sore throat... why? 
my throat hurts... 
My throat hurts  y has this happened?????
My throat hurts  I can't even speak
@matt_is it's for tonsillitis and goes into my oesophagus...  very sore throat 
fuck my sore throat. i cant eat my oreos 
owwwdh my throat hurts 
I'm sleepy and have a sore throat 
Soothing peppermint tea for this exxxrta sore throat! 
six flagswas awesome, but now i'm really sick. i don't think my throat has ever hurt this badly 
i'm sick today. it's not that bad but i hate the feeling. and this coughing is making my chest hurt. 
My throat kinda hurts 
My throat hurts, I think I'm getting sick again 
i lost my voice. sore throat. gross. 
My throat hurts terribly bad. 
my hair is red!!!! it looks awesome!!!! just straightened itt and yepp and help for getting better my throat is soarand my tummy hurts!!! 
My throat hurts 
ahhh my throat hurts  someone please make it better lol i need to really stop talking though but i am getting sick darn it no!!!!
ugh my throat is closing up, and it's getting very hard to breathe, not a comfortable feeling tbh 
my throat hurts 
not feelin' good .. throat hurts a LOT 
@ZoMAGICMONDAYS i hope not...I dont like taking meds  but I am sick I have a sore throat
@ininehemiahikpe sick  my throat feels like I swallowed a box of razor blades http://myloc.me/55pZ
I'm sick today sore throat, weak, stuffed nose, headache....boooo its been a beautiful day outside and I've been sick in bed  
I gotta major sore throat (pause) uggghh this shit is killin me 
@sabdelmageed eww my throat hurts  what r u doin?
I have a sore throat 
My throat hurts 
off to english class, my throat is still hurt and i wanna sleep 
I'm really relaxed today. But I have a sore throat 
Still got the sore throat and blocked nose...coming up to 2 weeks now 
@thelifeanddeth i'm better now but this morning i woke up with a killller sore throat  how are you feeling?
@breannnna i have a really bad sore throat. 
i have a sore throat 
about to get off, and im sick  throat hurts real bad!
My throat hurts so bad 
my throat hurts. 
eating some honey halls because I have a sore throat 
ugh strep throat sux 
is nursing a sore throat...blahhhh 
ohgawd, i inhaled some kind of medicine powder x_x throat feels funny 
My throat hurts real bad 
Hates having a sore throat. 
pure loaded with the cold  sore ear&amp;throat&amp;everythin 
my throat hurts 
birthdaay tomo, and i can barely move (n) sore throat back kills. 
This sore throat is so bad.. Udh 2 minggu ga sembuh2..  http://myloc.me/5A8R
my sore throat just got worse 
i just get up and i have pain at my throat  my friend will come in my house today and i'm sick  
my throat hurts and I feel icky!  hope I didn't catch anything
So tired, not ready for work, throat hurts, complain 
morning  any ideas how to free a fish bone from your throat ?
@abbixnicole it is  my throat hurts from screaming lol
has a super sore throat owieeesss but has finished work 
so miss belle isn't coughing or complaining of a sore throat today...i figured it was just a itchy dry throat tthing no worries 
Yay my fever went away!  But, my throat still hurts and I keep having to go pee, thanks to h20.
@cherylberyls okaaayyyyy... that was very informative.  proves that digestion doesn't take place in the throat i guess. 
have been to portugal. and spain. and has a sore throat. scary? 
Just got off the phone with @steviet7 ,everyone wish him well because the poor soul as a sore throat, get well soon 
i have a  sore throat blocked nose sore head and feel weak  which is gay i have to be well for next weekend 
@niron @hsabomilner my sister has something in her throat. Hopefully not serious. Thanks 
goodbye strep throat &amp; sinus infection! I'm finally allllll better 
