Most common words for this cluster:
[('thursday', 236), ('day', 22), ('week', 15), ('school', 14), ('tomorrow', 13), ('night', 13), ('today', 11), ('lol', 9), ('morning', 9), ('i', 9), ('na', 9), ('quot', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Thursday', 0.999886155128479), (u'Wednesday', 0.9817086458206177), (u'Tuesday', 0.9747369289398193), (u'Monday', 0.9716917872428894), (u'Friday', 0.9530968070030212), (u'Saturday', 0.7996464371681213), (u'Sunday', 0.7970568537712097), (u'Wednesay', 0.6908796429634094), (u'Feb.', 0.6881901025772095), (u'Thurday', 0.6869490146636963)]





On a 2-day work-week..fast-forward to Thursday please 
Actually considering maybe getting my foot/ankle looked as as still don't have all the movement back rom Thursday night yet 
my tummy hurts  off for the day, busy rehearsal from 3-9, show this Thursday 
*yawns* I don't want to go to work, boss is coming over soon I'm not ready to face him   he's coming Thursday..so not ready 
good morning.wait a sec..it's not Thursday yet? oh crap!how the hell am i going to survive a week without supernatural?not a good morning 
Just woke up. I was going to go workout but I'm still sore from Thursday. 
Oh no! I just realized I left my favorite swimsuit at the pool last Thursday! 
been up since 5:45 am and this rain is killin me slowly, not supposed to stop till Thursday 
mum and dad are going to bournemouth on Thursday till tuesday..  xx
I can't believe I was left in his &quot;gaming&quot; bag all weekend, since Thursday night 
i have soooo much work to do so of course i'm being a big 'ol grumpy grump to everyone  i'm sorry. i'll be nice again after Thursday. K?
If you're still interested in playing indoor soccer the money is due Thursday - but now I don't know if I should do it  stupid foot!
It looks like I'll be kept in hospital until Thursday, i'll be offline until then 
@valeriewins yes!  we saw it Thursday and there was no one in the theatre   I thought it was gonna suck, but oh my, it was so good.
@moggy99 will be busy until at least Thursday arvo 
@christs_soldier missed you all on Thursday 
No internet until someone comes and looks at the thing Thursday morning 
Thursday said &quot;the 800-pound gorilla&quot; behind the answer! 
studying maths for exam on Thursday  I hate trig graphs!
spent my last tenner till next Thursday 
@eddieshealth has a malignant lump. He's booked into the vet for Thursday next week 
@rebornspirit mmmm in-n-out! I have 2wait til Thursday 
@SEOGoddess thanks I'll check it out! i'll be staying a Thursday night though 
My wedding next Thursday and I'm ill 
Oh man, I feel sick. As in I might have contracted a cold... maybe from the kids' slobber on Thursday 
@zoecello We will.  I am still trying to talk her into coming down on Thursday to see your show but she likes her sleep to much 
In the 9 yrs I've had a cell phone I never lost one, until Thursday night when I lost my iPhone 
still feeling the effects from the sunburn I got Thursday 
@citiz3n It was supposed to be last Thursday! 
@retta719 My cat did get attacked  Thursday there were a cpl other cats fighting him &amp; he got bit on the ear.
My double bass pedals arrived on Thursday. And I haven't had time to pick 'em up yet from the local post office  can't wait for tomorrow!
Not looking forward to Thursday at all 
Just found out English oral is due Thursday rather than tomorrow. So relieved. I still haven't started. 
Tuesday and Thursday. Faster please 
@kristenstewart9 good, in mexico we will see the mtv until Thursday 4 ,,   so bad 
@SoulIsTheGoal sloow, very slow, very busy with cw atm  its all due in Thursday and im so behind lol, i rock \m/
No basketball til Thursday...I already miss it 
@SupaCreative supa it's gonna rain Thursday  uh oh
I can't wait for this weekend to be over! 3 more hours till freedom! I haven't even logged on to WoW since Thursday. 
@frankcoats I have class Thursday 530-930  so I guess it will have to be this weekend
4 weeks on Thursday I turn 22 
@AmberlinaM yess, so that works how?? No longweekend for me workin sat thru till Thursday LOL  it sux!! X
@gauravity @virginmedia can't see the cable modem so need to send an engineer. Thursday is a bit rubbish though 
This sore throat better be dehydration and not an illness - I have a major exam on Thursday 
I am sick of sneezing  I hope this cold goes away before my flight on Thursday
has decided she is a sun worshipper...sutted the weather it going bad on Thursday 
@therockfairy 186 e-mails? Wow! I'm on a course for the next 2 days so expect I'll come back on Thursday to find a similar amount. Sucks. 
@pomegranatetea ahh crap I leave Thursday  but I'll be back soon enough!
okayyy guess the surgery is now gonna be Thursday...now i'm going to miss @theicarusaccount 's show entirely  
okayyy guess the surgery is now gonna be Thursday...now i'm going to miss @icarusaccount 's show entirely  
@alysonwills Not until Thursday night!!  and my shoulder bag is killing me!
@scottybomb Thursday is no-go for me. And that kind of does it for this week. 
@SunnyBuns besides the fact I lost my credit card today  I'm going on a trip on Thursday and I need it.. I'm on my way to the bank
Apparently I have a virus, so the doctor's ordered me to stay home and rest until Thursday. 
I am SO stoked on my house!!!! Its perfect!!! But no electricity till Thursday 
want to go home now and come back on Thursday... 
has had a nice birthday and few days  .. now back to doing work for my exams on Thursday 
looks like the boss may have taken away the day off he had given me for Thursday  may miss kids awards assembly at school  #fb
@enzopilarta The next exam which is on Thursday, I believe. I hope so! If not, I'll have to resit them next year 
I think I am afraid of my computer. I haven't turned it on sine Thursday night. 
Hoping to get rid of these flu like symptoms before I get on a plane on Thursday 
@LuciMahon And they have a concert next Thursday!! 
it's gonna be out in two days more which is a Thursday BUT i'm gonna watch it on friday  Haha. whatevs, I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!!
I wish the sun would return ...it's been so gloomy since Thursday 
My throat hurts soooo bad!!! It better feel better by Thursday! I can't be sick on my trip! 
@prettygreengirl  wouldn't you know that it's not on my list for the week    BUT... there is chocolate ice cream on Thursday ?? ;)
french exam on Thursday :s 
is ready to kick immunizations ass but is scared for the three shots he needs to get on Thursday yikes 
@quoteBEquote it feels like I'm getting sick! all the times i coulda gotten sick n i do it now when I'm supposed to record on Thursday. 
So apparently they need to order a part... which means I will be car-less until Thursday. 
@pixelpunches @peggenewe en and I thought today is Thursday 
I thought tomorrow was Thursday, lame  I want to go home and sleeeeep!
ok, can't finish coloring the next dndorks comic tonight.  it'll go live Thursday!
@vinamarieDL seriously!!! I'm not worried at all about my chem final but I am scared shitless of an in class essay on Thursday morning 
@kyeung808 Thursday is out. 
@KevinInChains Only if you call me out too. Thursday is an 8 to 7 day 
It is only Wednesday!?  I could have sworn that it was at least Thursday... 
@ro_palatucci ...tomorrow is Thursday and we won't even be in the same state to watch tv! 
I woke up this morning thinking it was Thursday..man was i disappointed 
Thursday, my last day off. 
@JasonBelne Thursday.....and straight back into the office 
@leentje1820 I knoooow reality sucks! stupid exams   *sigh* It's like Thursday was a dream &lt;3 can't stop watching the pics though &lt;3
Thursday's 3 fold increase in visitors to my site was so out of the norm that it has really skewed my sites stats 
Latest pirate chapter is due tonight and I haven't slept yet. Sounds like it's going to be a Thursday posting 
Wish me good luck!!! Thursday my exams are starting 
Is obviously still feeling the effects of being sick on Thursday 
I wish it was Thursday already 
@XLoubyX good luck honey! I don't finish till Thursday 
@rimadarling I'm soo dumb! I'm like I'll get ur prezzie today but the shops close @ 5 and don't open late until Thursday.. 
My heart went out last Thursday and has not returned..any news would be better than no news.. 
So they're calling for some nice rain on Thursday   I hope they're wrong and it changes so I don't have to stand outside in it.
@soulsupreme @reynpotholes I can't do Thursday 
@eBeth would love to come and say hello but am out of the country Thursday 
@mccombs1 I don't think so :/ I need an early night for my early start tomorrow for major revvy  After Thursday I promise you'll see me!
all my friends are out of school but I still have till Thursday.  
@elizabethkirk you are so right! He's in grad school this week.   just till Thursday though!
It's been such a chaotic day! I've barely drank my SlimFasts all day, &amp; I still have a million things to do for our Thursday event 
ugh. theres nothing to do. summer school starts Thursday. 
@danielklotz Did everyone decide that Thursdays are the best for these?  I always work Thursday mornings. 
@kmda No can't do  I'm always on every Thursday
doesn't want to go to madeleine sophie day on Thursday.  http://plurk.com/p/11a1t4
I have two more exams left, one Wednesday and one Thursday 
trying to keep my mind off the books I din't get to buy, and won't be able to read to prepare for my class on Thursday. 
trying to keep my mind off the books I din't get to buy, and won't be able to read to prepare for my classes on Thursday. 
@JohnSTaylor I can't wait for the software but will have to wait until Thursday 
Wishing I could be at the campgrounds listening to @trayrut today instead of at work. Looks like Thursday will be the only day I can go 
@KennerJacobs indeed! I was so coming to see u b4 u left but I wrk everyday til Thursday  wanna meet halfway for dinner???
@xstex skint until Thursday; it's bare rations until then 
Another day with a sore throat   BUT I found out that I don't have school on Thursday! SO if I can just make it till Thursday - I can nap!
@mlexiehayden Did u still wanna go Thursday??? and I'm mad u dipped on me last nite 
@fromabigail haha my exams start Thursday but I had eqao today  LOL
is studying for TWO exams on Thursday...fml untill then, I have to get A's on both 
is feeling sick and NOT wanting to write a paper due for Thursday 
@msdee30 I don't I am sitting here trying to figure out some paperwork for a client that he needs before Thursday 
@FreshlySprocket Awww  you goin get drunky drunk on Thursday?
@SullyFubar lucky  oh well i'll get to see u Thursday I suppose  so that makes me happy
@Clauud But you're not quarantined.  Or are you? I can only go to school Thursday next week.
@SquidzrEZ I had a ticket for Thursday night's show but I can't make it 
@OrganizedFellow my boy is graduatin from jr high this Thursday I'm happy and sad cause he is growin up too fast 
@suzeormanshow The tornado killed my cable and its not up til Thursday. I cant watch tv 
sry 4 tweeting so much today lol i won't be on for awhile  might be on tomorrow (or today lol) idk but leaving Thursday 4 funeral/reunion
3.0 update delayed till Thursday 
Oh and no party Thursday.  Greeaaaat.
Wedendsday is definitely turning into 'meetings' day, and tomorrow is gay Thursday 
@nocturnalia I so wish it was Thursday 
@gillianbritt I went to the first one. I would have gone this year, too, if it wasn't on a Thursday. 
@OliDAB But it's MegaMegaMega on Thursday 
in Thursday I go to school 
@LaniAR Not torn, neither are on my schedule. Thursday nights are bad for little 'ol me 
is so damn bored at work - and its only Thursday 
wow! I'm pissed but relieved at the same time, my exam has been postponed until next Thursday! but this means I'll have 2 on the one day 
@ektz http://twitpic.com/7oumt - #rajkot #penda @netra @khushi4all i am super hungry and it's Thursday today! 
#FollowFriday @blwbyrd .... but it's only Thursday 
Thursday is not karaoke day today 
I wish it was next Thursday right now 
@girl__friday lol no hun, it's def still Thursday  I wished for the same this morning!!
Thursday blues 
WTF is with all the southbound traffic? I mean like it's a Thursday ffs!! It's gonna be a long journey. Only averaging 50mph 
Yes here we are again on crappy Thursday 
Oh My... It's Only Thursday 
Oh so tired.. and it's only Thursday... 
working today...but wait...it's Thursday... 
@smlimon happy I wish I could do Thursday! 
In the car, heading to school. Last Thursday of the year 
Wow.... it's only Thursday! 
ahh last ever guitar lesson  i might actually have to go in next Thursday tbh
Thursday 19:00 and we heard it for the 1st time: Helgaaaaaaaa *lol* losing internet connection all the time 
@sairbear it's still Thursday here 
@AndrewThomas89 sorry had to end bp Thursday early had to something 
I wish it wasn't so hot so we could go to thirsty Thursday 
@Randydeluxe ohnoes, Thursday nights were much better!  No more chatroom   that makes blackhuey a sad panda
@hilly519 for realz. I miss my Thursday night crew 
Writen a rap so I can hop in the booth!!!!  I wanna spit on throw down Thursday
@sbalog I am. I have to wait until Thursday night. 
Thursday already. 
I spent all day thinking it was Thursday and that yesterday was wednesday. 
aw my hubby thing leaves tomorrow for Spain  and I wont see him again till late Wednesday or Thursday morning. 1st time we've been apart 
@smpfilms emo day? that's hard! I've emo weeks sometimes :/ my next emo day is Thursday 25th. It's the 70th birthday of my dead grandpa 
Managed Bodypump with my purple toe but no BodyAttack  it was a 5.5 mile run on Thursday, just checked it in the car
@MsKellyKing How was your event? I hate I missed it. Thursday was crazy. 
I'm staring at my prom dress and I miss it... I want to wear it again.  I want to have another 'im pretty' day like Thursday. boohoo
annoying. a teacher just told me that i can only start school on Thursday. 
no cable and internet at my new little home until Thursday 
giggles....hehe... I have no clue how this thing works... and i have to teach it at the library this Thursday...  lol
no, it was resheduled for Thursday 
won't be at Porcfest till Thursday 
@naenae0412 I have to work Thursday night lovey 
a bit peeved that ebay seller won't reply to my simple request of &quot;has my item shipped yet&quot;-  ordered last Thursday 
@lovebeamc I won't find out until Thursday 
@jessalexander Unfortunately, no; my only day off is Thursday 
has surgery Thursday morning. 
I'm going to die Thursday when my bf leaves me for a week and can't talk to me at all  &lt;//333
Trying to figure out what to make for dinner. No $$$ til Thursday 
@DonnieWahlberg I am soooo jealous...I want to be at meet n greet on Thursday soooo bad!!! 
Tiring Thursday is back 
Ahh it's only Thursday and I'm missing you like mad!! A whole week left until I see you again  glad your enjoying yourself though x
Meeting at Thursday afternoon 
On Thursday I always end up with a huge headache 
@c0decafe It's always a Thursday! 
@jenscloset it's Thursday here. And 4:11 am to boot 
Kids and working tonight. Thursday was supposed to be my day off 
Why this week of all weeks is going a tad bit slower! It's only Thursday!! 
Thursday... wow, this week is crawwwwling by.  
Thursday? But I still have 2 more days to work 
going to the sunshine coast on Thursday  should be pretty awesome, i can update my tan 
@scotthardy I'll be in bxl tomorrow, so if you would have gone back tomorrow eve we could train together. But Thursday will be a bit late 
@emeraldjaguar It will be Thursday here, hump day tomorrow, will give it a crack - meetings all day so might be late. 
@lexia I'll sneak into his room on Thursday while he's having breakfast 
@peace_ I need it to be even closer. I still have tomorrow and most of Thursday at work. Not close enough to pack in a panic either! 
?'s the sun and cant wait to see her mum and dad on Thursday 
@a_mcdevitt I wish I could have been there!! I can't wait to dominate Thursday!!! 
mavs rule! can't wait for Thursday! 
@nicksantino we severely missed our &quot;cool chaperone&quot; at the zoo on Thursday. But it's cool I'll still support the music 
@GoodTimesMedia can u email me the pics from Thursday? pretty please... hehe 
Yes most folk are back at school tomorrow, however Thursday for me 
@barelyreid have fun. Y'all should tweet pictures of the shoot  can't wait for Thursday
@29bullets sunburned in the face, and yes, dark, i want to get my hair done actually, har har! on Thursday siguro. 
the wind sure is howling. i can't wait until Thursday! sunny days are here again 
bedtime :] senior week starts Thursday!!! 
@commonsense4 I'm great thanks - still technically recovering after minor surgery last Thursday, but feeling really good! 
@rcdiugun well,will be there until Thursday noon. 
I've just ordered my first http://www.graze.com order  will let you know what its like...it comes Thursday (thanks @laserlid)
says show went well Thursday, even better last night and hope it goes even better tonight  http://plurk.com/p/rdrc3
@zoegelfant Me too. Thursday the 3rd one was on t.v, and today the second was on. It's been a good week. 
@MoBostock we had a fantastic time too, see you again on Thursday ! 
@mattystar26 Thursday 
@LewisBostock very much so  You know I am coming now on Thursday too right, are there door sales ??
life is so good. and it will much greater on Thursday at 5pm! 
@melyssa1968 Yes please!  How's Thursday night?
Does this look like a photo exhibition? Not yet it don't!!  we promise to get it up by Thursday.  http://twitpic.com/50uqv
its Thursday finally 
Morning! It's thirsty Thursday!!  yay! 
annnd my phone is back on  so far, Thursday is good to me. goooooodnight
@ibymbybmyl Ah - you see - it's only Thursday morning 
@TomMcInnis I'll show you some sweet apps on Thursday! 
I like my sleep ins on a Thursday 
@bobbychariot oooo nice it's all about coffee on a Thursday 
Clothes out on the line, promise of temps in the 70's, hoping for a wonderful Thursday!  
Last Thursday of the year!  
Off to school, again! Last Thursday thos school year! 
@ginaharris1 Not too bad for a Thursday 
@imogenheap I wrote about you in my general studies exam on Thursday lol 
@WollemiPine I need my teeth repaired before Thursday, when I next go out for business purposes. 
@jason_2008 very good ta fella, you?  still on for Thursday?
We have a short week here in sweden. Thursday and friday are holidays. 
is very excited about settlement on Thursday for our first home!!!  Looks like we will be moving on the weekend 
@Crintzs do pop to www.agnieszkasshoes.blogspot.com next week - I'll do a block-busting blog next Thursday 
I never have to go to another high school class again, and after next Thursday, I never have to go back to that high school again. 
pool full was at 58 Thursday am / got up to 68 by Thursday pm. look like the solur heater works 
@BigPhon ok  thanks Thursday!  http://myloc.me/1nZD
@mikerdzign You going next Thursday too? If so, I'm gonna sit at your end of the table next time. 
@cathysayss for reals! You have to go to Thursday's show too!!  if not, then we'll have to do lunch or dinner sometime.
and her friends is planning to go to the beach on Thursday afternoon! 
is planning to have a caramel day on Thursday 
