Most common words for this cluster:
[('till', 583), ('tomorrow', 58), ('til', 40), ('wait', 31), ('pm', 22), ('am', 20), ('friday', 17), ('monday', 17), ('u', 17), ('midnight', 16), ('night', 16), ('th', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'till', 0.8949962258338928), (u'til', 0.7451298236846924), (u'untill', 0.7158975005149841), (u'until', 0.6630793809890747), (u'Edson_Roddy', 0.648218035697937), (u'adult_Frigatti', 0.5980188250541687), (u'Saifulbahri_Ismail_Posted', 0.5932004451751709), (u'Millet_Enriquez_Posted', 0.58821702003479), (u'unti', 0.5851426124572754), (u'Boxing_KOTV_Classics', 0.5803350210189819)]





@eloquentembrace You're going to kill me, but I've not seen DS9. I've been waiting till I can do it in one solid week sitting. 
macbook air has arrived  have to wait till 4 till father retturns 
@ilove5spots I want one too but can't eat till noon 
@BrandyandIce there not playing till 5.15, can't watch tho , it's on setanta 
@crystaljordan Just wait till you have to unpack. 
netflix signup system is down  guess I'll have to wait till tomorrow
flight was cancelled  so far can't get out till tuesday 
gym not open till 9  (twiddle thumbs it is then....)
@BrandyandIce I do that would have been so much nicer!  I was having a good night up till then! I don't know what she had!
wanted to leave for sharm el sheik, but there are no flight tickets left till tuesday 
have to do my homework .. don't know how to accomplish that till tomorrow 
-8 outside right now -- going back to bed till it warms up 
only 3mins left till i have to go back to work  sadface
i wish i could go to see armin but i gotta wait till ultra next year it looks like!  #asot400
I really hate the fact ive left all my work till now 
Working till 6 
dropped her camera outside last nite and didnt know it was missin till this mornin..glad i have insurance on it...its soaked 
Is about to embark on this weeks mission of working till 8 everyday  except tuesday when I can chillax.
@MistressDragon some one who was a freind till last week. wont tell me what i did. i know i can be weird  it hurts.
champions league is still on the 28th. boo. no reason to stay up till five am this week. 
has been up since stupid o clock this morning and dont have a lecture til 11 
barely slept  laying down till michael wakes up
@fefesotelo i'm quite jealous it's murky and going to rain till wednesday here. 
@bigrobsforreal its not on the family channel in canada till june 
is so tired I can barely keep my eyes open. I'm so busy till monday that I can barely see eating breaks. 
@Laurenmanwhore .....i'm waiting till tonight to watch them so i can concentrate 
just slept away from 4 till 8, 
going out soon so no more twitter till i get home 
working till three, and I have alot on my mind  
@TheTreelo  i might be on a bit tomorrow. but mum's going overseas for ten days so i won't have regular access till the 14th :'( sorry!!
so tired, i said up till 3  and woke up at 7 
@monseur77 u gotta wait till next year 
@monsiuer77 u gotta wait till next year 
but then helpin roggie at 4 til late   
@whatsdafus haha yes an hour  cause they don't deliever till after 6 I cbf going out till later haha!
@Jonasbrothers yah but not in canada till later 
doesnt want to work till midnight tonight 
@booie2k1 yeh but daint to to bed till 5 and got woken up at 8  bloody women!! Lol
@andyclemmensen me too  I voted for him soo much, p.s. can't wait till midnight, the suspense is killer tho 
@steveappleton love dirty funk so much, shame have to wait till august for album 
Working till 345 
@sadyn ah so it's in the blood. haha it's kinda only 12mn.  i'll wait till internship + NS to normalise my bio clock haha
Last day in mn till the big moveapaloza. 
@claudineee that's sucks cause it won't desple till 7 years later 
@maadonna Loved the sennheiser fold-ups. Till I left them on a train 
Sadly paper cueing will have to wait till tomorrow...have to move the file to my desktop...estimated time 3 hours...great 
Sleeping on the couch till he figures it out! 
Apparently I stayed up till midnight for nothing 
sooo much homework  can't wait till the bennies dance!
I DO NOT wanta get out of bed.  .. I can't wait till I'm my own boss.. so I can sleep in till my lil heart desires.
I need a new mouse, and I want ham.  but have to wait till shops open again.
@queenbean99 We're capped, so I have to wait till tomorrow to upload. 
i can't WAIT till 2:35 tomorrow when this will all be over 
@Reglore was it awesome as they say? I gotta wait till stinken thursday 
Oh damn!!  Only 2 hours loft till I finish. 
won't be tweeting till tomorrow  cya all
i hate that i cant sleep past 9 on weekends even when i'm up till 4 or 5am. i must be getting old 
's mac is having a problem so episodes will be delayed for a while  We'll probably have to wait till next tuesday for new episodes guys 
@halfwelshdragon You are so right - but I'm mean and I'm going to stay in bed till the very last minute.  I'm such a bad owner 
No more lost till february. Not happy  I wanna not what happened.
In a training session till lunchtime 
@hktaitai i didn't! i didn't get there till almost 8, and ran into friends in 5 mins intervals. it was so hectic 
didnt get to sleep till 4ish  not pleased.
can't wait til the weekend...and can't wait till my migraine goes away 
@funnyclub blimey how long till you get off shift mate 
found a dog then the owner came and picked him up   can't wait till tomorrow!!!
found a dog then the owner came and picked him up  can't wait till tomorrow!!!
@lilshrimpit you're lucky you can watch it now. i must wait till june 
found a dog then the owner came and picked him up  can't wait till tomorrow!!!
@MorganArielBB like 7:30 till 4:00. I always fun at the movies with you  p.s I have 32 now
another day of studying  cant wait till wed till exams are over!
@bcaps ah, dang. I srsly would have, but my phone was on vibrate on the counter so i didnt see yr tweet till now 
has maccys from 5 till close 
exams are a bitch. can't wait till they're over: one down, three to go! 
ok well, i'm sleepy now lol but i know i can't even fall asleep till like 2 in the morning  ugh
Morning. Why am I awake? I don't need to be in till 12..  
i wanted to order the twilight dvd but it's not released in germany yet! damn. have to wait till 10th june 
@indywoodfilms very tempting! But i'll have to wait till payday for it, so i'm useless to you today! 
@RubyRose1 how long till your back, we miss you so much  xxx
@Nixster27 needle  im really hungry but my leaflet says not to eat till numness completely gone.
Sitting in my office inturn class really board and sad  I dont get to see my boyfriend till tomorrow 
Looks like I'm stuck till lunch 
@shaunjumpnow i will be really nice and buy u a copy of that when im in america but ul have to wait till august to get it 
I really shouldn't stay up till midnight reading. I am sooooo tired today 
@dawn_dewar logie is popping up after his work. I had mum till about 2. Not in a room so no tv 
@xxMiSzcHiNiTaxx ugh ur lucky... i dont finish till next money 
@justharlem 12:45am ...  .. cant wait till monday .. i start my new shift and out his mother F at 9pm ...
i'm totally resting till friday... i miss the outside world 
still typing...can't wait till it's over 
@kknyrass most win dlc of all time. ill be out of town though till that friday 
@bellafashionist I have to wait till my next billing cycle. 
@vintageeclectic: I wish. I just don't work till 2 
@melbournegirl I'm sure some1 will cum out and play. I'm workin through til midnight. 
I cant watch anythgin till tonight 
getting ready for the day, out then work till close 
@moriagerard Won't really get a break till custody issue is settled and I've moved... another month or so, at least 
@ani_trip I bet he didn't fall asleep till like this morning  sorries.
stupid rain, now our picnic is cancelled till tomorrow 
wow i just slept till 2pm..again... good job me 
@BrandiHoov we are coming...won't be there til around 9....can't stay though 
@gulpanag thats pretty bad quality and probably the worst pic u posted till date 
I keep pulling out my knitting at my desk and then putting it back.  Not good!  Not good!    T-minus 15 minutes till release........
@hey_thomas if only the drinking game was tonight...I don't have to work till 5 tomorrow 
is watching big brothes big quiz    ,       rather tiredd    , but downloading a dvd so have to wait till finished till i can go to bed 
@caitymarie I'm not off till 930 
Anyone want to buy me this anthropomorphic planter? http://tinyurl.com/m6sru3 Only available till the 31st 
@WashedInBlood no $$$ till next friday  
@meggx33 i have!! i paid for a new subscription back at the beginning of march, and i haven't gone on since mid april. it's so sad! 
5 more min till #lenoleaves 
@HanSpam I can't  have to stay in with windows shut till it dies down
just wanna go back to bed!!   tired of gettin woken up during the night!  work till 330!
so ragin thats its so warm and om stuck in a call centre till 6 oclock 
@olganunes okay, so we have ended up staying up till 4  enjoy the tits tomorrow; i'm going to strongly consider long-term hibernation
off to work. 8:30-sometime ..... 
review classessss till 11:45 or something 
Working till 5 when I should be at the lake with everyone 
just had a phone call to arrange delivery of new washer. have to wait till monday 8th!!!  guess i'd better get on with the hand washing 
Working till 6 
must finish.... can't go to bed til I finish this... :-|  )
Early breakfast with my hunny and now work till 7. On a beautiful day 
I am never drinking again  well... Till next time ;-)
@judgesmiler sounds like bliss....im in the office till 9pm 
Sunnnnnnnnyyyyy! But I'm working come half 6 till 12  sadface.
outside til acaffs last recital later 
going to work  till 4 and carlos is off to his drift thingy...
@jRicheTheModel ..have fun b00.. can't wait till we hang 
@notmywords hey!!im good ta.. results for bgt not on till half9.i want diversity or stavros flatley 2win..charlie isnt- i dont think     x
On my way to work.  can't wait till monday.
@Jonasbrothers shame i gotta wait till november to see all the sexiness 
can't get my macbook till monday. 
@codeTONY nope.  &amp;&amp; i the only available road test dates are when i'm in chicago, so i'll have to wait till july i think. &gt;:|
crying till you cant cry anymore + then crying some more = 
oouucchhh i fractured (slightly broke) my wrist  n i hav to ware a fake cast till next week n then i get a reel cast!
@CatBailey boo.  guess i'll just have to wait till tomorrow after all.
cant stay till tuesday I wish!!! have to take a rain check  !!! will be back very very soon!
@tdm911 didn't see this till now, but wouldn't have bet that before this towelling anyway. 
@jmananguite sorry I didn't see your tweet till now 
In work so cant twit till 3 
you may have been out drinking till 3 matt but the servers don't work and u need to fix them 
@janeshmane DAYM. Till when again, mother hen? 
Working till 1  15 open houses!!! then camping out!
i'm so full till i feel like throwing up. arrgh hate this feeling 
@bryandobrandono aaw honey u know u dont have to ask..just wait till i get back.i miss u soo much brandon 
sickface  relaxing till volleyball
one more till monday 
@charchaos ahh no  how long till ur summer? xx
@markryes i am working till 3 tomorrow so no wine for me 
@ash_smasher won't be there til tuesdayish 
sun burnt and sore  bad tyms ,, exams tomora,, cnt wait till they finish
@tatatanya it was the hard way but i survived, i need to hear these stories/i can't wait till next week! last final june 9th 
i have school tomorrow - coz of my jetlag wont get to sleep till 3:30ish (am) and then have to be up at 7... lovely 
right it is official i am going to fail maths  i'll be working in mcdonald's till i die
beginning to get major gossip girl withdrawl symptoms  don't know if i can wiat till august for series 3!
@babygirlparis i have 2 wait till 3.00 am here in italy... 
workin a floor set til atleast 230. 
I'm sorry but I'll be extremely busy till tonight late  ... But u'll hear from me soon...
@JonesBeach_1988  til wed 
@cameo1172 nope  didnt remember till 1030
With youtube keeping me awake till now, I have started hating youtube and myself agian. I thought of waking up at this time today. 
listening to the rain it sounds pretty.... only 7 days till brad goes 
WORK starts now.  .. inventory 5p til 2a.. shooot ME!
@nudacris I'm good just chillin at home right now , gahh I can't wait till you all come back! 
waited for nothing, this means i know have to wait till thursday 
I'm kinda tired.. want to have a nap but then I won't sleep till late tonight.. and the won't get up till late tomorrow morning. 
@BrassAngel Yeaaa it's decent very noir till about 35% in... then it kinda goes to hell. and yes... it's a 2.5hour long show 
i don't think it'll happen to me, because nothing goes on till now 
@horrorshock666 Tired. I didn't sleep till about five last night, despite trying.  No hard labour planned though, like some!
@anitabora I am in chennai till 6th and then I will have only 5 days 
English and science finals today. 2/6 ufgh  three half days left till imma senior
aaahhhh taking a qiuz then class till 12 then coming back to do so much homework aaahhh when is it ever going to end 
@ my internship til 4 
Lol i kno bby i wont c u till 1030  @jboomboompow
No internet/tv till tomorrow 
@blueberrio OK am not getting out of bed till you make the bugs go away 
@TaylaMcCloud ok, i knew everything but there was so much to write and my hand was really hurting &amp; i was writing till the last sec 
@M_A_K_84 nothing, parked till 15:00 
Why did I get up over an hour ago.. I didnt even fall asleep till like 4:30 
co-op till 4:15  and its raining of course
i can't wait till tomorrow is over! 
@poshuamason: i forgot that i work tonight. Till ten thirty. 
i hate the fact that my school is closed till thursday but im not there to enjoy it  why does it never happen to me
The golf cart us broken so we can't even go riding around.  booo. This is why I like to sleep till noon. LOL.
Working till 9pm and super bored  ughhh I hate slow days, they are pointless to be here.
@pennykeating 3-7?!  I'll be good til about 5:30..then I'll be in the theater   Hopefully it'll be recorded ;)
The countdown begins til I'm officially an old fart 
he's gone till july..... bummer 
@LittleLiverbird I know last night i didnt get to sleep till half one ! 
what really sucks about new moon is the fact the trailer came out and now we have to wait till november  it's so far away
@jeniemarie  i gotta wait till friday to see them in the city
is working till midnight 
At a chorus rehersal till 9. 
still at work...e-filing is great but now we can work till the new court deadline of midnight 
i've watched the new moon trailer 46 times today! can't wait till november 20. + sick 
@mitchelmusso I think i have to wait till saturday to get your album because my dad wont give me money till then 
Now, I want to watch it and my portable dvd player battery is dead, so I have to wait till after work  #princessbride
So, so sleepy, up till 3.30 am doing an assignment for uni.... getting too old to be up till 3.30 
@crystalleigh i can't wait till ur back!!! i miss you 
Fuuuuuck i missed my class enrollment appointment..now i have to wait till september 18 to enroll 
@ellipirelli couldn't sleep either? I was awake till three. 
dam, caught out watching #E3 instead of working, guess i'll wait till i get home  dammit!
gotta wait till 3am before the WoW server will be back up 
@dantyreman I love you so much can't wait till I can see you  miss you pleb xxxx
thinks furniture shopping is so much fun... Till you given the total bill. 
aww Jubei'Thos is down till 8pm my time 
Working till 4 
thirtty min til open 
Working till 7 doing open houses boring!! 
what's everyone doing. I'm bored &amp; free till 3. 
is tired heading to bed work tommorow 6 till 10 30  booo
Hey all how r u all? I'm so damn tired, didn't get 2 sleep till 4 in da morning  x
what's the use of telling, your still going anyways..  ill wait till it fades away.. hopeful..
@resync working til 9 
@ktjade i still haven't started writing  oh well. i don't have to hand it in till like 5 on friday.
@gimmeapuck I woulda given you permission but I did not see your request til just now 
@Tuesdaytweetup I won't get there til 8.30 earliest 
@NatiChan same  im stuck walking on a wall till 1 xD
I know how u feel. i didnt get 2 bed till late last nite &amp; had 2 get up early 2day 
@darkangelwitch I will have to wait till it comes out for the ps3  x
nae car till monday now, sad sad times. i dont want billy to go home but 
@daddykuntry  ok ill wait till a mornin then call bac heeeehee
@llevy I thought you decided to wait till tomorrow. 
in class till 7:30 pm  boo.
It doesn't work..  I think I gonna wake up till @dimasrahutomo pick me up to swim..
@FINESSEITNOW im shoocked  I might cancel all my shoots.. cus it will be like this till tuesday i think.... i can't do no shoots like this
is working till close 
@stephenparrish mine doesn't come in mail till tomorrow. 
40 min wait till dinner ughh 
@LilDroppa i know right, my poor pink blackberry is done for  ...I had to order another one, but it ain't coming till next week.
@30STMluva on july i have 2 weeks of holidays and then i have to wait till december! 
red rover red rover, how many times am I gonna drop my blackberry till the night is over? 
it looks like my bb went to bed sometime during the maintenance period 
I don't have a day off till wednesday  I'm tiredddddd
@golden86 mine is capped till the 19th  how did you exam go?
worst sleep of ma life, didnt fall asleep till like half 4  and my sims 3 didnt come so i'll have to wait till monday! grrrr.
my filling fell out and i cant get a dentist appointment till monday 
is so hungover...working at west chester till noon 
http://twitpic.com/6qppw - @ work till 1pm 
@eatatfriendlys I just went to get my free icecream and appaaaarently it doesn't start till 12! wtf 
so bored waiting in the airport &amp; won't be home til midnight 
@rockstarseed ....scratch that.. They don't open till 3p. 
@Lierina it's the same with my new ipod  I guess we both have to wait till monday
missing my man   can't wait till august
Morning world! Now I have to go to work  hopefully my hangover doesn't kick in till 4 o'clock
didnt get cleared  having to wait till monday...oh well at least i passed all my classes!
@CoreyLatif i know no more airport run ins  where u at right now? im in nyc till the 15th .. if ur here let me know
thinking about getting the ratties out. I usually wait till a little later, but I'm kinda lonely 
I'm already ready for tonight and people aren't coming over till 830, now I'm just sitting around anxious 
@lildds89 I know I know.....im so selfish sometime 
@champuru washer still broken, tonight I'm mr. mom till the 15th 
@jakXcore yeah i tried txting you last night, then i discovered i was out of my monthly txt  they don't get recycled till the 15th either.
Guess those should hold me over till my cable connect appt happens within the nxt million days  booooo 3 fo 10 bootlegs luv that
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6q1om - wasnt on till' 1am my time  
i have to work manana so dont look for me here cuz im not free till bout 6pm 
first time drinking since.... well yeah...  i still shouldnt be drinking till wednesday... but honestly screw it!
@gavinmusic It was all sorted till now...my bottle is empty  I might have to resort to coffee....
at holly's  asif i have to wait till quater to 9 to see the zutons  why couldnt they be on earlier its too cold !!
@AimeeCH I really want a pet but mum won't let me. It'll have to wait till I get my own place after/during uni  but they're so adorable!
@zacharyhanson I so didnt know you were married till yesterday 
Working till 4 
@BATYASMUSIC here...studying lol what about you?! missed u soo much!!! i won't get my phone till wednesday 
@PatsyTravers ahh, wish i could get them tomorrow  but have to wait till wednesdayyy!  x
ooof, im going to bed cos its 2  and i probably wont get up till forever tomorrow D:
@kaydoggg  i didnt check your tweet till now. i know you guys had fun. when do you leave ? and this means your never coming backk
just hanging around my apartment till 2 then work till 10 
 every one i was talking to on msn has gone offline  and i won't be able to talk till them tomorrow  i feel lonely :'( x
@BohoGlam  i can't wait till tuesday either babe. It'll be fun &lt;3
nothing to do. but im not tired enough to go to bed coz i didn't wake up till after 12 
lookin for a bathing suit I realized I will not b happy till I get my surgery 
@kentwalls i heard once u get 1 they r addictive. i can't wait to get my first tat but have to wait till i move out.house rule no tats 
Wants to be watching the tonys but no cable till tomorrow 
There are only like 3 dayz left till i go away  gona miss the shiy i do
Doesnt start till 11!!!!!! No cameras allowed 
If I fell asleep right now, I cld sleep till abt noon tmrw. That's just how sleepy I am! 
i want to play sims 3 so damn bad  its sad really but i have to wait till next pay period to get it.
I'm going to sleep now. I have to wake for the A+ program at freakin 8:00 in the morning and stay there till 12 noon! (Too early for me) 
i have to wait till june 15 to see my friends .. ugh  why can't it be june 10 ??
Aww  no more midnight tweets  I can wait till midday i guess...ichliebe @jonasbrothers
@JBells32 aw really i thot u werent leavin till thurs? 
Rright off to work now! don't finish till 7! long long day 
starvinggggggggggg...but i cant eat till another 15mins 
working till 6 
The morning is going to be teh suxors! Making myself get up at 8 to try and reset my sleep clock. No more stay up to 3 and sleep till 1 
studyin accounting  can't wait till thursday at 4.45......
on lunch break till 12! hurry up 4 o clock  SO excited about tomorrow woohoo! xx
@cloclo_ I fell asleeep before it!!  Ahh well ive seen it before, thats what happens when you dont to sleep till half fiveee!!
Even after sleeping in til 12, I'm still tired 
Wrk flow till 5.. 
@ymacy / thx for the offer to wake me up mama - buu I didn't get your reply till now - looks like I'm up before you - you still got an hr 
@moinsdezero aw, I'm sorry  ah, atleast you'll have a phone I won't have one till aug7 
1.5 hr's till power out and i have to trade from a coffee shop... ah a case of the mondays 
fucking rain explosion postponed till tomorrow 
so freakin tired  came back from shopping at 4:00 went out at 4:30 till now with olwyn walking around 8)
can't wait till examss are overr... then partyy timee.  i hope i get 90% n above on my math examm. or else this studyingg is a wastee. 
@alexandramusic wait till weds! The rain is guna be worse! 
i probably wont be able to sleep till 5 or 6 again. 
done with heroes season 3 now... now i gotta wait till september till season 4 comes out 
Working til 5  then running and tanning
torchwood's not airing til 20/07 
@HaleyRobyn i can't be there till 7ish 
I'm going to bed now, I want to listen to lines, vines and trying times but I will just have to wait untill monday 
downloading new albums all morning till now going to shower then head to work 4:30-12am. 
@MsAmandaJoLynn yo I didn't see ur tweet till now  boo hoo
Ahh flight delayed til 320 
@mileycyrus can't wait till the movie comes out..it will be a looooooooong wait though... 
@mykimmykim in all honesty, I probable won't have net till the beginning of next month. 
@bendnbacwards i have to wait till i get home. 
@lbrookellenl ahh I wish!! I am so broke till thurs 
No silly me didn't even check for one till today and my own name is gone as well as eclipse - I can have Nataliethomson2 etc 
@caiab luckyyy! haha my calendar on my phone just went off &amp; i got sad since i gotta wait till 4ish tomorrow. 
is sooooo over feeling sick can't wait till it goes away 
It is confirmed... I am officially broke till payday. 
I thought #LinesVinesTryingTimes was being sold at midnight?! #LinesVinesTryingTimes will have to wait till tomorrow I guess 
4 hours break till next class... aish 
so so tired &amp; really don't want to work till gone 5! 
have to wait till friday for lvatt. how bogus! 
@thecraftyninja S is 21 months but i think she's still not ready,she'll fall out or get in our bed  can't wait till she's in a big bed
lvatt isnt released in australia till friday  3 more days.
@maygunrose yehh  we hav to wait till saturday, i saw your turn right bebo skin, it looks good XD
@samkillip haha wait till you get back up here... it's not nice 
if your planning on coming to new zealand, wait till summer when its warmer cause wea right by antarctica 
@xohanna lmao, i know. i never got to sleep till about 4ish. 
dnt finish work till 6pm 
@HoodenersHorse but I'm working till 2 
I need caffine, I don't get to go to sleep till later today  I am so tired right now though.
@lizzie123x didnt end till like12am or something or was it 11pm? i mean that was def a long show lol  november is like 5months away yet 
on my way to work . won't be home till 3:00pm 
@zaheyraw  sad thing is I never notice till it's too late.
@alexandramusic we (L) u!! I've been stuck in school  hah. How long till the album drops?
Being bored at my job till 5pm 
waiting till 1pm for my exam. soo boored! 
cant wait till karl gets homeee  aint seen him since saturdaay night 
slept in till 1 p.m. - wasted the day 
stressed. i can't wait till later. 
@majornelson yes, i got kicked from xbox live last night around midnight  can't wait till it get's back online.
bartending in corn hill till 7.. wish i coulda stayed at the beach 
so sory for not blogging! power has been out since 10:30 came on for 10 min at 4:30 and out till now!!! 
@Sandymac1000 mine too- drivin one was original career choice, till I got specs  
@gabedavis I can't read them most likely till tomorrow cause my puter at home is down 
The cd is now mine. I have 2 wait till I get home to listen b.c my mom doesnt like them. 
Going to download 3.0 if it's out. I'll wait till morning if it isn't. 
@jcalcid your lucky I still can't drink till saturday 
D: it's the 17th and it's not letting me download 3.0  what time do we have to wait till?! D:
@itschelseaStaub it was sad in the begining 
Off to work till 10 
last night sucked...didnt go to sleep till 6ish came home slept till 5pm!!! and still tired 
I regents down 2 more to go  cant wait till friday, Karian'a party owwwww!
haha laughing at my brother cause he gots school and i dont.. not going to playland till friday now 
I really wanna watch the beauty and the beast right now..but it'll have to wait till tomorrow 
@ddlovato no! I have to wait till aug 2nd to see you. .  but still going to be the best show right? &lt;33
im losing it.. so you think you can dance doesnt come on till tomorrow  oh well..
I kinda thought 3.0 would be live at midnight  oh well I can't sync till I get to work anyway.
@kristineeeNFS AH sorryyy y y y! I haven't gone on til now 
@kaitlyntrucks i know right!! but my concert isnt till august 
got him on my mind now! :-/ i need a new fone gotta wait till august 2 get the new iphone 3g S 
@ethangroves xbox = go. iphone = nogo. best wait till noon tomorrow. 
@AsaAkira I hear hv delayed the v3.0 release till tmrw...so sad 
can't believe i have to wait till tomorrow till i get to update my iPhone 
UT has ended! Finally! But there will be n0 internet c0nnection till 5pm. 
working til 2 
@xxJadeyyxx i wont be able to get LVATT till friday at the earliest.. so  devs 
just realised that florence +the machine cd i bought was a pre order got to wait till 6july before it's sent. sadface 
Has to wait till late tonight to get the new I-phone update !  x
working till 5, i'm so bored 
@Sunjammers Wait till you don't even need a alarm 
Seriously tired and sore  can't wait till the weekend  yaaaay
@perriross me too pear, i dont finish till friday 
can't wait till i get to sleep in till noon or later. i haven't slept in for such a long time and i  am missing it. So tired  it sucks
@avand moved till tomorrow 
working till three 
@traecastles I dont wanna wait till I get home 
Looks like 3.0 will have to wait till tomorrow 
@huey0929 I'm not on break yet babe... I don't go to lunch till like 12:30-1ish...  and i'm so fucking pissed of and frustrated right now!
@RichardDiaz I have to wait till I get home tonight 
@ashlynn32 workin till 9pm 
Working till 130 gettin my tat then coming back to work at 11 
@shaznyc still nothng for me  i stayed up till 1 am hoping for it
bah reboot did not work. #iphone 3.0 will have to wait till tommorow 
@pollyling till 7th july. you la. dont know where you disappeared to 
heyy twitter dam! my earia athletics was cancelled  ahh well eh! cant wait till friday!
back in the uk. dublin was great, rained till 12pm though  then it was sunny
Working till I don't know when 
@lubysleeps my phone's totally crazy so i think ima have to wait till the morning to fix it  sorry i can't ring you to say g'night, i hope
doesnt look like ill be getting new comics today after all  time to be bored till we go pick up the tuxs #squarespace
wont be on the boat this weekend  guess i have to wait till my vacation on the 27th.
yay it let me get oon im sooo tireddddd got bak at midnight stayed up till 2 woke up at noon  tzx mee
so i forgot my passsword for twitter and i can't log on till they send it to me. 
Only like, 2 weeks left till i leave. 
@bluereadergal I prolly won't be home till 3-4am at this rate 
is going to wait till its light outside and then go to sleep  because i'm too paranoid now!
@alydenisof  noone next to me, it'll have to wait till tomorrow
@andykcheng MMS won't work till late summer 
@LAKERMAMI lol baaaalin' so how did u like it today? did u stay till the end? i got sunburned 
Ugh honestly just leave me alone.  atleast till tmrw morning, please.
@viviansessoms THANK YOU!!!i have to wait till i'm back from office  ... miss u &lt;3
ah crap, not going to get to work till near 9  sigh for leaving late
mew in bandung delayed till november 
assignments    counting down till holidays
@karsonwithak Ahh missed didnt see your tweet till too late!  audio wont be up anywhere will it?
good afternoon guys headed out to my textiles exam in 6 mins  then will revise for science till late tonight!!! Lol it comes to an end 2mo
working till 17.30 
I said I was going to sleep in till about 11. It's quarter to 8. I fail. 
@wide_receiver No, not well tbf. I didn't sleep till 4.30am and only just woken now 
@da7thl3tt3r mee toooo omgggg I'm sippin smoothie Till I figure out wat I wanna eat 
has been up since 5:30 for work, off to take a midterm, class til 4:30 then work til 10 
Working..........till tomorrow 
@edwbaker  well not much, going home for sunday. was meant to play polo, but have to wait till i've seen the physio 
sometime i miss you 
Reading till 4pm  You'd think having an entire pool to myself might be fun...not so much, BUUT im gettin monayy aww..
@TheHatchUK I'm working til 8 and  I'm not djing til 10 so I might not see you 
So @zerbetron is off to #wizardworld till sunday, now what to I do without her antics 
@KaraBlasquez I cant come till tomorrow love... 
Sleeping in till 1:30 in the afternoon doesn't make me very happy 
is stuck in work till 9pm 
@DcTannerHo dang it. i can't get there till five thirty. 
Till when I have to listen to all that crap about me getting pregnant  khla9 it's not something I can do it 3ala kefe
cant wait till westlife cum back am missing them soo soo much  x
i'm not going to see my daddy till july 3rd. 
@ryanlange I was juust there getting a treat! I am here every tues/thurs for school, now I am stuck in class till 6 though 
@sadatindn i am not coming to cbe for now...  will be here in delhi till next year man... will call u definitely if i come to to cbe
Working till 10 tonight. 
@EzioAssassinASD it was okay. worked till 5pm... grocery shopping, did the laundry and now i'm exhausted. 
I wont be back online till late tomorrow. 
 I wont get my braces off till thursday
working till sunday 
I'm not allowed on the computer till friday, I don't know what to do. 
http://bustedtees.com is having a big $11 sale till sunday, but the one I want isn't included  http://is.gd/15JWE
@jakeashley so its 11:17 i dont think i can wait till 5:45 to see you....  humph..
have to wait till aug 23 for my new iphone 
2 hours and a half till school  but its friday weeeeee!
just finished episode 8 can't believe cassi is still there!...I want 2 see the next one soo bad,I have 2 wait till wednesday or something 
@epaga good to hear that 3.0 is great. I have to wait till next tue to upgrade... 
@SophieElisabeth can't  not gonna be around in central till 11pm probably babe
i want a film from lovefilm , too bad i sent them all back today , i wont get any till monday now 
is bored in skwll  carnt wait till wekkend
Just upgraded to new iPhone 3GS :-D, gotta wait till tuesday tho 
@rachelatherton aw that sucks  how long till you get to ride again?
waiting till 8:30 then off to israel! cant convince my brother to get a drink with me... 
my lip hurts  and i'm jelous i have to wait till sunday to see Transformers!!!
@garypickett health dept are incompetant and making me wait till tomorrow 
@CoyoteTrax awww i'm sorry i didn't see your msg till now!! 
stayed up till 2 somthn and now n summer skol! 
i wish randy didn't have to work till 6. 
@princessatan @tedmustard I've got a little burning hatred for you...I'm not getting mine til 3 and I won't get to play w/it til after 11 
No windows #jailbreak till now 
@toxicsarah i can't watch coz i mised start and can't watch on plus coz it on durin all the soaps  can't wait till sky+ hd! getin in week
@TheFeed i didnt  im waiting till december when i qualify for the $199 price on the 16gb. or i may skip the 3G S altogether.
has 2 work till 11 2nite and 2moro 
I wont be able to see till monday 
@monamccheeky i will but cant till i'm home 
working til 8 
zoes making us stay up til 7.30  lol. its already light outside!
@rms70 meal was lovely,even if I was alone   I thought u were saving till honeymoon?
In love with hard ice tea...isn't coming till sept though 
Blahh on my wayy 2 workkk till 12 
I slep from 5 till 8.  1 hour till babe gets home. 1 hour till kyle and lauren.  I miss alex forever. fuck 
@ImStylinOnYou I won't be home til late tonight I think 
The storm is redic! They are making mr stay till 10 now 
@JordanW sorry. I didn't get your tweet till just now! 
@nickjonas can't wait till tomorrow! Couldn't make rehersahl 
30 more mins n im freeeee... Till 3 tomw 
@MissNikkiC not off till monday 
finally getting my car fixed tomorrow lol... ughh and i hate working till ten now 
This night was fucking great...till now.  idk what to do anymore.
@Adiens You had to stay til 6? That sucks  were you at least  compensated for that?
@Yuriyld sorry  i worked at abercrombie from eight till twelve then took a nap till i have to work at trinity at five...
@DawnRichard ayee. i know you'll rep NO till the day you die. i know you miss it 
@addicted2iphone I know, but I have to wait till my berfday 
I'm used 2 staying out/up till 230 - not getting up @ 230  I don't like this adjustment.....
I hate that I have to text my tweets again...and no more twitterberry till I can find out what's wrong 
@richcirminello We just got back from shooting. I'm going to have to wait till tomorrow to start editing. 
is watching her house mates pack up around her  tempted to start as well even though i don't leave till wednesday lol
only 8 days till more surgery 
@SpikeTheLobster What you up to today? I'm working till 8 &amp; so far it's really quiet, which is a bit of a dra 
@fyrret its shit that it dont come out on 360 till of october 
@angiedarintip lucky!! have to wait till stupid thursday to see this  i'm dying to know how they'll bring back megatron 
i lost my cardigan, i have a massive headache, i didn't get in till gone 6am, i spent too much money. 
My niece is spending the night.  I don't get to see her near enough. Babysat her everyday from birth till 1st grade. Then she moved. 
@BizCoachScott I know. Me, either. Till I reached it. 
...till i saw that I follow THEM 
i miss my hubby  he wont be home till thursday...
working til close  text me pleasee!
i can't wait till jb are back 
@LostPoetB24 can't wait that long  atleast she won't be in labor overnight (I hope)
@veronica78 hey we're staying at the crowne plaza still  but we'll hang out if it means i have to stay at your hotel till 3 am bugging u
Up till late again probs... slept earlia 
@mskaylav i'm @ &quot;work&quot; till 10  wat u up to ?
@Xensin I don't get out till 5 
i'm so hungry. but can't eat till wyatts calmed down enough to go to sleep 
@AshleyChalest definitley.... i was so grumpy and falling everywhere i didnt get to work till 9:45 and i was suppose to be there at 9 sad 
@VothPhoto didn't see your tweet till I got back ... 
  well, I guess I knew it was going to break sometime...
I guess going to read till I fall asleep...I have to work tomorrow 
@Jonasbrothers i wish i was there...  cant wait till july 24th !
I'm constipated  dad ran out to get me prune juice and forgot to post this till now.
Ugh. The weather channel says it is supposed to rain all tomorrow. That really cramps the boating plans.   sun plz? Till 3 or so?
@danyocummings heeh i can't upgrade till jan 2010 
am desparate to go out on hubbies bike but son is home so will have to wait till later and wave him off in a mo 
trying to live the dream of sleeping in my bed till i feel rested. crap alarm just went off 
dude...its 10 till open just let me in  stupid alco.
is baptism. then studying for the math b. till i die... 
i want to read the book theif but i need to wait till tomrrow 
workking, til 11. 
@olya_ shanghai has a bruised foot and is lame I can't ride her till its better 
@shaynale It was fine till I stubbed it again on a baby, now it hurts again 
Chillaxin at work... Till 10:30  bleh?
Going to work  till 5
@garhol won't have net access til I'm back from hols now 
watchin til schwaiger now ...maybe hes making me feel better *could cry ... 
moving to the cabin tomarrow, won't be online till augest 
Shits weak when you don't make you flight... now I have to wait till 6 and possibly 10 in which case I would have to pay for my flight 
@kreeshaturner love that show!!! I have to wait till tomorrow to watch it online  no cable
@blueholly bound to happen sometime 
i have to go to training again tonight till 9. ugh im getting tired of this! i want my summer back 
@RKauff7777 woot woot!!!!  We're in till thursday here 
@jherk i saw it like last wend. I mad cuz i gotta wait till thursday to see it. 
soo bored, and cant leave till tomorrow now cause the piece of shit car wont be finished till tomorrow 
@cassadinechik @ThazinKhin I know - i didn't realise i'd been attacked by the A4 until it started stinging...  
@PammyWeaver I'm working till 7:00 pm I'm not going to get to see the sunshine 
Working till whenever, burnt as a lobster 
is getting ready to go to work till 10 ton 
not going to cousins house till sunday...   updating iphone!
@razzamatazz87 I know same down here  we shall have to wait till tomorrow or thursday!!! 
@RoyalKiiD loved it!! dude i can't wait till transformers!! i can't believe i still haven't got tickets 
just wait till next time!!!! 
@Draven2093 sux dude idk what to say  you can use my health insurance till the end of the month.
@flyingbolt haha  i'm 36  i don't look 36 really (hate it sometimes) n sometime lol i don't act it lol!
@firstofoctober I still have to wait till I get home!! 
i'm hating my modem right about now...a tech won't be her till friday 
@PopandIce And I have checked online but since the correction did go through till a little later, they have &quot;no info&quot; yet. 
@phpurvis he does both!                       / I'm offfffff to bed, I'll probs sleep till noon  NITExxxx
sebastian has left me  . the weather is crappy and there is nothing to do... i can't wait till isa comes
@eltercerojo I'm jealous of you and @asparkle2 both. I have to wait till tomorrow for mine. 
everybodys watching transformers here. No fair i have to wait till e weekend 
Finally, i m log in... been bz whole morning till now.. 
@kyuhyunnie I think I can ask only you  where is other members. I saw only you, Eeteuk and Hyukkie, sometime is Wonnie.pls reply me &lt;3
how dare season 3 of 90210 be out. now i have to wait till monday 
Working till 3 
I'm soooooo sleepyyyy  I can't wait till friday ughhh
i have to wait till saterday to watch trancformers cuz it alredy started and the next show is at 5 and ends 9 
@KaelynLanders 7 min's. till i can vote again  
@nkdaydreamer I've been up since 6 and not getting to bed tonight til gone midnight. I can't function as a boss being up 18 hrs 
Going to eat, then work till 9 
@glamaris69 working till 5p 
headed to the pool with amanda...enjoying my day off because i don't have another one till next thursday 
@michelehbc sorry i never called back last night, i work tooooooo much now, didnt get out till after 11 
@curtiswalker hahahah ok. but I am going to sleep now  so uh... speak now! or wait till tomorrow.
@mileycyrus lol i cant w8 till yoiur film out on friday  is it any good?
also can't wait till november 
cant wait till jam fest 
can't wait till tonight 
omg so surprised some people left b4 it ended, i would stand till the very end just to hear and to be closer 
@erinchristian wait till you see this one. It's extra special! 
@walkaboutkiwi i was in 2L till 3am waiting for u... kekekeke jk 
@ijustine we so need so skype sometime 
Working til 5. 
@blogadda YES! its the best blog i hv seen till now on ipl 
@kaylahatcher I can't wait till you're home. 
Sitting in bed till my man gets here  then handing in my dissertation!!  x
hey @yummilysweet you bought dresses? I thought you are supposed to wait till bangkok trip! haha where u buy?? *shopping mood* 
cant wait till julyyyy 
OK so moaning contest still on u got till saturday to apply 
wont be arriving till 130 this morning.. but oober excited to hang out with my cousinssss 
Only 8 days till we are married. 
cant wait till tomorow 
@mileycyrus yourrr thee most amazinggg persooon in thiss totally twistedd worllldd! teamcyrus untill thee end! 
I &lt;3 eminem. kiss my ass, i really do.  Till i collapse is my current favorite song. and criminal.
@djtopaz morning miss got some more bits for you,il be offline till 2mo as moving yard 
One day more till bamboozle! 
Sfffff bound! Till 2 o'clock.  hellllo powell.
http://twitpic.com/4f8vh - i justttt cant wait till 15 june 
I'm so hungry!!! But have to wait till I'm done officially dancing or else my stomache will outgrow my abs. 
@cbird_182 ok but your have to wait till august then 
sitting at kaitlins waiting till midnight  sway sway baby
im having a long long very long night till the sun rises  
@torilovesbradie haha, me too  I have to stay up till midnight
working till 5, then with melanieee 
going to play pokemon till travis comes over 
@JTheMachine 7pm till the morn sonny 
@Nincina tryna be like NINCENA!!!  Till next time habibi 
ahhh so much hw! i'm gunna stay up till 3am probably. but you what!?! it's all good cuz i'll be in vegas in less than 24 hrs! 
@Ryoshima check out Narutaru sometime too 
Bring it on till I fall asleep 
just a week left till radio:active dvd come out! i really can't wait 
In class till 12  wishing the rain would go away!!
going to work till 3...then maybe ride the horses and take my sister to softball pratice 
@DanielJeffreys we won't be home till like next month 
@ohshititsdre awww! i didnt see this till now and edwin just left! i knew you wanted some! forsure tomorrow i'll make u a new batch! 
@kamathvasanth: wait till the vacation ends! u shud be cycling a lot then! 
Wants to go to bed but has to charge ipod. So she will stay up till 12.. yay 4 me..not. G'night y'all 
20 min to and hour till the best breakfast for me mum 
goodnight twitterville...till we meet again tomorrow  
I can't wait till my honey comes down and visits.then we can finally make love.  (we'll use protection.we're be even extra carfull ca ...
@valleyman416 I'll take on @daranhill sometime. 
@eatlikeagirl have you recovered yet!  can't wait till the next one
@hollyvictoria_x i'm not off in till 5th  can't wait to leave tomorrow can you? x
getting ready for schoooolll, can't wait till its over 3 more weeks! 
Last Paper tmr! Cann't wait till it's all over 
feels abit meh didn't get in till 6 this morning!! due to drinking and chatting till very late .... first day at work tomorow ahh 
@lilyroseallen wait till you see a leopard 
is bored ! can't wait till tomorrow ! 
just working till 4 then hopefully hanging out with my cousin 
@obsessive_much YES!  We gotta wait till 2010 to see the series... :-|
can't WAIT till thursday 
@rosiesackett :O inooo  wait till i tell emily she don't know i dont think 
Listening to the higher till these eyes are out night errbody 
@manic_mieo just wait till semester is over then you can rest 
@Stuartmcminigal you wait till later, i will be busting the revision out. and have nice toned abs. win win situation  xx
cant wait till summer 
is working till 19.00 but then its off to WingTsun 
Is happy it's monday, n can wait till we face orlando b/c they're goin down wed nite 
won't be able to get phone on till mum gets back on 25th, will speak to you then  please let me know that you have called nan xxxxx
uhmz 1 more till 450 subs. ima dieee  yay
only 12 days till major drunkness in magaluf 
I had a real creativity flow last night. Till 01:00am ideas were popping out nowhere. Second Songtext nearly finished yay 
Till the end of the day,  
17 till summertime ball  getting well excited 
@RogtheDodge79 yeah it certainly will b, I'll b out on the course so I'll have to wait till I come home to find out 
@anish_sinha same here.. 
working in my little garden. Can.t wait until the flowerparade starts! It will bloom till octobre. 
is having a twilight night  reading new moon till i can't stay up any longer 
Goodmorning  I can't wait till later
@WILLYloves311 Willy not you too! Hahaa I'm waiting. I'm waiting like I'm waiting to loose my virginity till I get married. Hahaa lol 
i am a big boy today  i get to stay up till 12:00 a.m. YAY!
goodnight miami till tomorrow 
1 hour til red o'clock 
