Most common words for this cluster:
[('time', 1435), ('day', 172), ('week', 135), ('days', 87), ('night', 73), ('year', 67), ('hours', 60), ('weeks', 58), ('months', 44), ('years', 41), ('weekend', 37), ('lol', 36)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'time', 0.950311005115509), (u'day', 0.6714552044868469), (u'days', 0.6389438509941101), (u'week', 0.5862565636634827), (u'weeks', 0.5738157033920288), (u'month', 0.5716747045516968), (u'hours', 0.5577443838119507), (u'months', 0.5448887944221497), (u'year', 0.5439369678497314), (u'moment', 0.5324122309684753)]





Another day at centre point - this time an early start so guessing train will be rammed with commuters 
@esuriospiritus time to come back to flawda for double dates! no, seriously, i'm sorry to hear that. 
@JoannaFBeckett, i don't think there's one close by. Last time I checked, the closest one was 70 miles away! 
haven't even had time to twitt theese last few days, insane! 
@livinginfiction outdoors man..can't get to the gym this week, no time no time  dinner soon babe! early next week? or brunch sunday.
now I'm having a hard time digesting disappointment 
@whitsundays It's a great time of year to eat too much! But then, we must diet. 
this time last week i was in paris 
locked out of my outlook account for the 3rd time in 3 days 
Ugh. I am sick for the second time in a week. This one is worse.  
is sick for the first time all year 
spring break is almost over_  but  at the same time about it
bed time, stressful week 
fun-time is over  working-hours begins     
noooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!! ...my period started 
Just saw my old house for the first time in a long time. It's so beautiful they've done a ton to it... I miss it 
@davidgilray awww  - blip does that from time to time. 
It is still eighteen hours until dim sum time. 
I was completely disconnected from the world for 2 weeks.... it's time to get back to the land of the leaving! 
bout to go to bed, without her baebe  ... but she had a good time with her #1 tonight!!!
@missababe  you never know one day you may be lucky and go to sleep with me at the same time haha
@angeltalks lol i was playing around because i want to have a session some time. but no one wants to chat with me 
i want more sleepy time. 
time to rush around and do last minute homework before tomorrow 
is wondering why weekends always feel too short. almost time for another week at the office 
it's bed time, the hardest part of the day  can't sleep as usual
Going to alex's church. It's going to be eighteen hours of no food the next time we eat.  i'm starving!
tomorrow is 10minutes away.. i wish i can freeze time 
eating a twister lolly for the first time in years, they have changed 
busy weekend it was...found time only now 
Feeling like I have no energy! It's tech week for the show. I don't have time for this! 
@ZombieStyle i fail  must mean its time for a trip to the warehouse
my plimmys are wrecked and filled with sand  bummer. but this time next week its mcfly!  ?
hard time getting up this morning 
This is a weird time. Has been for the last 7 years. I wish it didn't play on my mind as much as it does ...how did I let it happen? 
Not liking this time of the morning 
ga, so busy i don't even have time to tweet!!! not a good day.... 
@janeypow just refusing to help out so i am now on duty every lunch time 
I have very few time to tweet these days 
Off to work for the 1st time in a week.  
nicest day of the year so far? ... it really is revision / exam time 
@murphygrainne I would more then one at time of the morning 
@oconel Not yet... probably won't have time until after my holiday  but then again... it won't go anywhere ;-)
long time no log in me!!!!! 
I Iove how I've had my second flat tire in 6 months and again, this time, its a week until my new tire is in. Special order fts 
So not feeling well at all...this is the second time in the 10 days 
So bored!still mad about not being able to see all time low at the galleria and their acoustic session. 
I wish there was more time in the day for sleep! 
@aznkiiim i have the money to go, just not the time to   I had like 5 day of time off saved...but i used to it to stay in ptown
it is way passed my bed time I am going to be sleepy in the morning! 
unable to sleep  wake-up time at 8
@mattingham The gale wasn't that camp last time we went 
no time for breakfast this morning, starving now 
@ehson ah I'm going out for dinner! Might not have time tonight!!! 
@conns LOL! and that's why i'm taking my time to finish S1, i have WAYYY to much shows to watch 
is hating life...no funtimes today, assignment time instead 
@FFEJyourself LOL. I love how its almost 4 a.m. your time. I think I went to bed too early last night. I kept waking up. I can't win! 
@jordanknight What time is it on ur island?? I always missed u, when u tweet I was out.. sad 
No school for 3 months.... I guess it's time for me to get a job 
put up or shut up i'm not wasting time again. the credits are rolling and i'm getting lost again. 
period paaaaain 
this time last week  I was waiting on my flight to glasgow...
@chelleytan It's that time of the month. I feel hungry all the time and nothing seems to be capable of curbing my voracious appetite! 
hateeeeeees having her periods ... 
Just back from #geocaching the caches I failed at last time... got one... failed again on the other 
Shutup college. I know my exams in a months time  no need to remind me 
(@MisfitGemma) Shutup college. I know my exams in a months time  no need to remind me 
@Gadina i will watch latest two eppies cuz i didnt watch the previous one too. yup, two more and then long time to wait for 5 season 
@assataSAYS someone had a good time last night. no invites  lol
Not knowing is the worst. I hate waiting, especially when there is no defined period of time to wait. 
time to go  got a family day out to look forward to -.- not.
@_likeAstar  i don't get no bonding time lol;
I am trying to pass the time, prom is in a few hours and i have too much time to kill 
I want so much that they once again seems that the time is not only missing 26 days seems an eternity 
so good to reunite with my 2-time prom date, b-rad! we haven't seen each other in years 
@CathyGellis I wish I could have spent more time there.  I was really interested in the exhibits.  She said we had to hurry back 
i didnt go to burger day for the first time in my life.  i kinda slept through it.
Oh how time passes by so quickly. 
time to go to work  but day off tomorow 
@skzsk for shooting this time sadly  shows soon I hope
time passes so fast when you're at home! i want more off days lah.. 
@taylorswift13 what time is it where you live? i hope you come back to scotland one day, i got to the radio station too late last time 
I can't believe that my long holiday will end in a month time. 
That may have been the worst nights sleep i've had in a long time.... 
@colleen_erin tired &amp; the ~best time of the month... 
@wendybu i don't want to think about design now, tomorrow or in a few years time!  i hope i have enough stamina to last 3.1 and 3.2!
Really really effin tired...long day ahead, no time for sleepy 
is sad that the long weekend is over!  no more public holidays for a looong time!!!!!
I can't believe I stayed in bed until 11. I haven't done that in a LONG time. Feels awesome, but now i feel like I wasted half the day. 
first time i try to tweet in like a week and i get the fail whale. 
@MsHerr I had to spring for @daytum plus! I just wish that I had more books to put on in this year-too little time for pleasure reading. 
time to go to bed...weekend over...  
I love the weekend, it's a time to spend time with friends and family, but now Its time to get ready to go to school...gross 
i wish there was more time in the day for all i have to do. 
@wsaporito i know. i hate this time of the year! 
hammer time 
@aShgOtcakEs LOL...well Sugarraywaldo is my connect too so now what?....and I barely have time for myself these days 
angry that I procrastinate all the time. time to start studying for finals 
just realized it's may 4th. wow. time flies  i'm going to be 21 in ten days. how sad.
@taylorswift13 I'm so upset I can't see you in concert  ah well. some other time.
@taylorswift13 tickets sold out before i knew about them!  next time...!
Is up because he cannot sleep again. 1130p sleep time... 3am wake time 
Walking into a period. 
@tonyeccles - very  @jakeperks - lol it's not that bad at mine...but the actual appointment is never at it's scheduled time...
Lunch time, but i'm working 
@davidaustin The cups suck too! If they weren't so thin, they wouldn't have to double cup all the time 
i need some fun time where i dont end up hurting days after 
omg. it's time! it's time! just wish I could be off tomorrow. 
time to sleep... so tired from studying all day 
flossing. i always dread this time of the evening. 
Sleeeppyy snuugggllllyy time  just a few more hours with my melly 
@imaginearainbow yeh..last week i was getting them all the time then wen i came on here the account was suspended..:S like  4 a day 
@shyobaba i don't know dude, haven't checked but wasn't there last time i was on 
can't believe my holiday is over, time to get back to work 
back a home..and tomorrow i'll have to leave again..this time for a long time sigh 
sutil... sigh..! here goes his race n this time inlap#1.. 
time for bed, partly because I'm tired, partly because I'm intimidated by women  haha nite all
20 mints to go home, and it feels like a year of time 
This day is so happy but so sad at the same time..first year since my grandma 
I really wish I hadn't missed that call since its pretty much the only time I get to talk to him at all every week... 
coursework time 
@heartoholic she deleted me off her clubpenguin account  I miss her, last time I talked to her was like 4 years ago.
sigh....goodnight...last night in my bad for a long time 
It's bed time. Lovely day except my prom date dumped me  hopefully 2moro will be better...nite
Is it really that time again... work week???   No bueno
so tired but looking forward to some down time...wait still have to go on a business trip  but then its us time!
wow. i haven't gone a night without talking to you in a long time..... it isn't fun.  &lt;3333
Its that time of month 
Too much to do and not nearly enough time in the day...so I guess I get to work through the next 2 nights too 
Just going to bed  was up all night trying to get back into college. :/ If I can get in again I won't mess it up this time.
is sat in her free period on her own! 
apparently this day will be a bad one?? time to quit my job i think 
finalising my projects for final submission date and got to study now for a test that is in about an hour's time. 
@KentGoldings have we figured out how to go back in time yet? that's all I want this morning 
@JSpikEThinG usually i manage to avoid the results but not this time  .. aw well i'll just pretend i don't know!!
@Bjwaggoner I miss sleeping in, period. 
Just ran Gumblar figures (trying to do it the same time each day). Now up 188%. 
WORK time 
@sunshine72662: She's part-time and comes in a few times a week to help me  - I'm looking my mum full-time, she's on chemo 
time is running out, only a few hours left 
wow... I'm having cereal for breakfast for the first time in months.  I ran out of grapefruit 
it's finally the weekend, and I'm working doubles the whole time 
Just wanted to have a good time tonight 
@permeister I know but I haven't updated it in a week now. lol! I have no time 
saw my nephew for the last time tonight.  By the time I get back he will be almost 8 
first time tanning in like 6 months and i got myself tan bed burnt 
13 new unfinished songs this week! arrangement time 
I'm sick when the day is beautiful, and when it's the last time until three months that I can go swimming 
time to continue working on assignments 
@bellysbride it's just grey here  and cold cold cold for this time of year
;; night, for the second time. 
Finally teed it up for the 1st time this year - no time at all  managed to throw up a 75 with 27 putts and have not hit a ball for 3 wks
@kzamri havent had time  was rushing throughout the day. Looks like it'll have to wait for a true taste test.
@johnvaughn sadly no  The heat crushed me and I crashed and burned, but had a great time. I'll post a race report later.
pretty crappy day so far. And i've missed both memorial services because I don't check this thing all the time.  
is wishing it was this time last week... 
@littleleez I did, too, but usually by the time it comes up through twitterfox it is 2 and a half minutes after original posting. 
ice pack time 
honestly, this time on a morning? no good to me! 
@DavidArchie Aw, I can`t believe we`re not in the same time zone anymore. ( I got used to it after a week. 
@altwitty lol...I'm not going anywhere. And I gave up on that visit a long time ago 
@MiaLaBelle let it out. i get like that from time to time but usually when it's that time of the month 
I have decided to decree that it is bed time... but no one will listen to me 
i'm sooo glad that this week is a short one. still exhausted all the time. 
Regrets last night  i haven't felt this horrible in a LONG time.
manns, ever since i started to sleep late 2nd quarter...i don't sleep at the regular time i sleep anymore!  boo!
@krys2fur I will have 2 come 2 a game, I am not playn this time @ 
i've flue  i hate flue at summer time :@
I don't have time for this traffic...half point here I come. 
Off to work.. for the sixth 'part time' shift in a row. 
Every time I work a double, my feet are SO sore the next day 
@gfalcone601 My cat has been missing for 3 days now... I'm a very worried  We're moving soon... He did this last time we moved as well!!!
@chargarrisson i'll say she over took me and now she's coming after you! haha see you period 2 for legal + 5 waaaaaa 
@lrnevil its hard to find the time! D: I have to wake up an hour and a half earlier than I normally would in order to be able to eat 
Heading to work for the first time in eighteen days 
@Mudster84 well im almost fully recovered now. so will have to start lookin for jobs soon   maybe next month some time
@Gibz In class both days during that time.  Srry I can't help out man.
I wonder if i can sleep and drive at the same time.....I hate early mornings 
meeting time 
@caninez I'm in bed too. I have to wake up in 4 hours though!   time to catch some z's!
once again, a five in the morning bed time. i am soo messed up. 
woke up ill, i dont have time to be ill! Bad times 
night night time!!! i miss those texts 
time for work  two more days till next day off
Lately, I have no time to open my accounts. 
Another two miles down. I need to map it net time, I thought that was further 
huhuhu, first period made me sick! 
Lunch time just gone outside what a horrible day 
Horrible time trying to sleep last night 
....it's time to start thinking bout sleepy time.........ugh.....work 
@simplyjesslee Where were you?  I didn't have much time and I couldn't cover A &amp; B area   http://tokyokawaiietc.com/archives/2051
@stencilboy don't be  - it's nearly holiday time!! xx
@NicholeAudrey  One day at a time...
@heyphotomama anymore bluebells this week?  don't think we'll have time to make it 
This is the first time I've woken up before noon in 5 days  boo responsibility
ah god this time last week i wud of been half cut!!!! so wish i was there right now!! so sad!! 
@Suzieqtuti that would amazing but the jail is keeping us until normal time 
@taylormcfly great!!!... Not  I bet they're awful!! If they're bad next time I'm round I'll take them down lol xx
This is one of those days where the time flies!  And nothing significant has been accomplished 
Oh why is there always less time than tasks? 
@joycecherrier hey coach! I missed out on P90X for 2 whole weeks  (vacation) I'm back and doin doubles this time
Tired of me-time. I need some company 
For the first time in months I have a freshly formatted memory card in my camera--but no free time to shoot! 
I usually get a vacation around this time....It's been too long. 
My two time winning streak has ended. What a terrible day. 
@PowerSellingMom wow, that went fast. totally missed out  maybe next time?
Tired. Just tired. Home time!! I'm weaksauce, I know 
sleepy all the time 
Vacation time and no where to go boo hoo. 
Almost time for my summer chemistry class 
@yuki_hime ahh I wish I was! I would totally see it a second time except I already have committments 
Kellys for the last time 
I wish we could go back in time.. To even -last week- things are going by too fast. 
my modclancy was away tho  i remeber last time i saw him he said he was coming down with a flu.. but it sucks wen he aint here..
i wish i had attended the mettalica's concert in 1993. but at that time, i was 2 years old 
Off out in a few minutes not had time for lunch yet 
@crispynoodles plus I just deposited tax return cheque but for first time in 7+ years it didn't clear immediately 
@madpierrot maybe it'll listen to you  dude it's like three in the morning. what time is it over there?
4th time in 1 month that i'm spending time @garage, for a broken airco this time.... sigh, great with this weekends weather 
i wish i can go to two different schools at the same time. 
@tweetie Why do I have to enter my registration details every time I update? 
@garrulous_gal of course! *cough* I mean, no, 1.5 hours extra testing and debugging time 
I don't think I'm very well. Just in time for the weekend 
@clairmc my riding time has been dismal too during these rainy weeks.  haven't been able to make myself to go to the gym instead. 
LOL! That bank told me the time. 
holy crap. where did all my time go? =/ gta4 has sucked away my life.. and wasted a whole week! ...i wish i had more self control 
my zoids torrent crashed after 8 hours of downloading.  it was only 6% done at that time, because apparently i'm the only zoids fan ever. 
and because I wasn't having a bad enough time last night my body decided it wanted to be sick 
@CCNKAddict I know... it just falls right at 1pm my time, like right in the middle of the day 
Thinking about opening MacMaze sources as I don't have time to work on it anymore 
Last business day of the month is the wrong time to get new tags. About 45 people    
@knightedbishop endodontist should be able to do it without removing it. Just hope my ceramic crown doesn't shatter some time later 
just ran some ACCELA unit tests for the first time in about 2 years... and they failed 
Transition time is over; tonight I work night shift. I woke up at 1330. 
@sunilsebastian I still have a lot of time on my stupid contract...  18 months before I can change providers
@H60DSTABOY yeeeeemp  same time like yesterday
had a great time last night, but my eye is burning !!! it hurts bad 
Every time it rains, I see at least 1 ambulance 
does not want to go to sixth period. 
Nvm, not working period 
wishes it was this time last week 
Spendin time with ant before he's gone for the night 
Going home to enjoy what is left of the day - I can't believe how quickly this week flew by, no time for tweets 
time for bed up in 6 hours 
@caitlinjoneill that's why you are visiting alllllll the time next year.. It will never be the same though 
@TomCopestake  I'm sorry. You'll get there don't worry, one day at a time.  We should 'hang' when you're done.
@yomama8929 I go into the room for the first time in weeks and you're off cleaning 
@srcasm  I need to come spend some time on your roof - I miss you &amp; @beyondreality    double date in a couple of weeks?
@Crazypaws  you probably think i need the extra reading time  (LOL)
@jinnismi i failed the first time; i overslept on finals day 
@AlexBarron7 don't worry there one be a next time 
we made it just in time for another thunderstorm  
@jtMoN3y I miss you all! 1st period isn't the same! 
hangover time. the best time of day 
@kestra in the mean time, you should study ;-) exams are just around the corner! And I just lost my holiday time for studying  lilpanic
going to bed alone for the first time in weeks.  
second time on this week that i feel sick i think i'll have to go to the dotor  i hate it
soo many assessment so little time !! 
I've had one too many ticks on me this week. Now I feel crawly all the time. 
 breaking into pieces...waited all that time 4 what N.A.S.
@jessstroup heyy. I'm watching prom night. It sucks you die first  it's my first time watching it
will not swim  its the time of the month.. don't you hate it when that happens?
I need my night time driver!! 
ahhh.. its so time 4 me to call it a night, this is how i know im getting old 
it's raining  time to get ready, M will get here in a few minutes!
No one has time for me anymore. 
it's raining!  time to get ready, M will be here in a few minutes..
@BeccaHeartsYouu I know! I have no time to get online anymore. 
is awake at a stupidly early time for a weekend 
@CrownEntLindsey had to go boo.  sry. But we had a great time. Actually might me back in 10min
Ugh, so tired.  Sleepings time.  Only two more days of vacation left 
@desertrabbit I do like to sleep. I just can't   I envy your ability to sleep more than 3 hours at a time.
And I would also like to announce that I am downloading a torrent for the first time  I don't like it but it had to be done.
@KsanaC about what? I have no time to breath, so... 
@StephanieKohler so sorry!!! I went to an afterprom for a small amount of time but I didn't have reception 
@CodeBeard enjoy your last day in foreign. It'll seem like years have passed by this time next week... 
watching news for the first time in 9 days. back to reality 
i cant wait for this time next week. actually five days might do it. haul 
less than an hour... if she actually gets out on time 
geography revision now!! wish i started it this time last week  I'm so behind
i hope today is the last time (for a long time, at least_ that I wear this sauna suit. 
@cllllloneliness OHMYGAWDCLAUDELIA  i haven't watched it yet.... spoiler alerts next time pleeeaaseee.
ok time to start the day not much sun   cleaning time
.. ii wake up every morning, wishing one more time to face her?  
Hayfever has kicked in properly for the first time this year. I'm avoiding the beautiful sunshine, as my eyes are very sore 
We were only away a week &amp; in that time someone has taken up electric guitar &amp; decided sunny afternoon good time to practice, badly 
My boss says whatever you do don't mess up your time for the next six months...what do I do?  I miss my time stamp this morning!!! 
@lauradavis Boys never get up on time. 
Off to bed for real this time. Lots of assignments to do tomorrow 
srry i haven't been on in a LONG time but i will get u up to date with me i was sick yesterday 
good morning!! slight hang over time... 
I started my period 
Too slow this time... 12000th position 
motorcycle time was cancelled due to rain 
@GeoiDavs 5 years is an awful long time. 
Ops, It was not that time 
@FaDiiNg_aWaY_x I'm completely strapped for cash at the moment. I won't have any for some time 
wearing my contacts for the first time in about six months - seeing things in a whole new light already. and i don't like it. 
@IamRah yes..more so this time of year 
a day of shopping is now over. time to start the studying. 
@freckledphreak I had the worst time..I'm having an unbelievably bad day 
i'm dead bored, this time last week i was at the youmeatsix gig and having a proper amazing time and now i'm not  i want it baaack!
My stupid phone's stopped working again. I'm not impressed, only had it back a week from last time. I give up on technology, it hates me 
@meridian_star It's this class  I suck at drawing, and each week it's getting harder and taking MORE of my little free time *frets*
@kinderriegel Ah well, I've got 4 months to do nothing, I'm paying the price now. I should be in holidays already  I agree, nicest time ^^
to tired to do an all nighter tonight maybe another time 
@tommcfly But ... wrong airport! mimimi was not my time to meet you . 
zions tomorrow...or some place to camp an hike for the next few days. narrows will be closed for flash flooding  maybe next time.
I may have to start looking to add on a second job.. can't survive on part-time hours 
@granddelusion i was going to drive down,  but ended up with a mandatory meeting thatday, doesn't leave me enough time to make it.  
i am...feeling bummed again like last night. two more weeks of this? i really need a job to keep myself busy since no clownshoe time. 
@lorenita327 no i had too much work to do  next time, next time... 2 weeks baby 
@johnpavlich I'm honored you've asked me, but I doubt I'll be able to find a chunk of time like that to join you anytime soon. 
@DreamyObsession neither of us got blizzcon tickets; we were gonna meet for the first time 
home from a relatively quiet night @ work at a reasonable time... what a relief! I've got a headache           time to chill out
@onetreehillblog perfect thanks hopefully I will get to see them this time, didn't see any of them when I went in january this year 
so i know i just had a vacation, but i got no recoup time FROM that. just feel tired 
my maxterhost server is down again. 3rd time this month and I'm trying to transfer the scripts for commentluv to the new @ukfast box 
@TheParaplanner certainly did  Just plucking up courage to look at my office emails for the first time in 5 days!
my tweezers have gone missing for the millionth time this week 
Almost time to leave the ship   but only a week till bonnaroo!
Revision time 
tomorrow marks 6 years, time flies. damn. 
Gonnnnaa study all day  hopefully with @CECEmckayCOLE for some of the time!
watching church online because I'd be half an hour late by the time I got there 
though the guinea pigs aren't coming for like another two weeks  it'll be messy again by that time.
if it rains ONE more time on my day off 
i've missed the sun ... last time it was as warm as this i was minorca last year. it was so much warmer there!! i miss minorca!!! 
@dtrain05  awh shouldnt of drank so much teeheehe, next time were not waking up at 630
@marceazy i was bummed when yall left!! i was looking forward to you guys jumping on  next time i guess.
so much to do! so little time! i leave in two weeks 
wow, time 2 wake up already? 
it's also lunch time and i dont wanna eat left overs for the nTH time this week!! LOL but im lazy to cook 
Being extra lazy.  Last day of our time off. 
period period period period 
zoo time. time for zoos. i hate walking. i think we walked 5000000000 miles. 
@jbmonie Did you watch the games? We played poorly, &amp; they sunk virtually every shot. Not our time. 
@skeelz7755   pffffffffffft  who waits long periods of time for girls?       lol
Now its time for homework all day!!!!! 
ACT studying time....again. 
Elly has a fever for the first time...very scary 
reflection, essay, read &amp; picasso..so much but so little time 
On the tour bus for the last time 
Almost time for round 3! here we go, so sad its the last one 
is now out from all sport and work for 6-8 weeks after breaking his collarbone  very bad time indeed!!!!!!!!!
just testing once more, then ill have my last fag for the evening, then bed time to get up early 
well....the best friends are gone. this resulted in me crying for the first time (sober) in over a year. 
I think men are only on the earth to give a hard time. 
@martintsang So far, zero. But in time time I've been here my co-workers have dealt with at least 3 
got my jjj hottest 100 of all time vote list down to 11 (from 82). been like that for an hour. really don't want to have to cut 1 more 
@oidumaztak i swear i wrote back sooner  i should totally be texting &amp;twittering at the same time too
I am really tired these days, like all the time ;_____;. I keep falling asleep on public transport 
@krh1130  are they gonna spend time with you this summer? how old are they now..
Sometimes, time slips by without you noticing 
i wonder if I'llhave the time to celebrate my birthday this weekend 
another scorcher of a day where i will probably be inside most of the time 
Crunch time before a whole 3 days out of the office. Seems people think I'm going away forever. Meetings rest of day in T-21 minutes 
Has had a really good weekend at her sisters, but now it is time to go home 
Revision time 
@lady_findel I still haven't had a chance to listen to it all  I shall have to make time this week.
@tungro I kno rite? And some of us have to live here full time! 
@KatieBurson what if i've worked 24 hours this weekend and simply ran out of time? 
last week before elections started. and seems the pasters are in war now  there goes my time
Why do doctors give you appts then never take you on time 
no one's tweeted to me in a long time 
@indeedio @irnbruise I feel like I knew that once upon a time, but I was totally shocked last night. 
yesterday was a great race...finished 113 though...2 min away from perfect time and place  weather was super
My vacation is over, time to get back to work 
is writing her last report card for a long time 
monday...time to get back to work  ~ http://www.avadeanlewis.com
follows the french TV live for the first time in years. I wish I could understand more of it now 
@DukeTerrell summer time girlss weaar less i gave u that 1 b4...  lol
After fishing for two days straight, it's time to get back on the housework 
so another week begins &amp; i have to miss spending time with her 
last time I got an ear infection I was about 8.  I forgot what they felt like 
@fitSpirit that's what i was thinking. i had to block and elete 10 of them yesterday. what a waste of time. 
@irregularshed But it was even better b4 it was taken off the 1st time. 
@ishaka pretty good.. finally healthy, was sick last week  thanks for the avantar compliment- it was time to grow up.
had a difficult time waking up this morning 
@malachiofcourse osnaps! luckyyyy. today is real workin time. and then workin out time. i'ma dieeeee 
Home again, time to work in the attic...it is going to be very very hot up there 
it's time to sleep ^^ leg aching from 12hours of standing 
tried swimming this morning... first time in several years and my lung issues are definitely getting worse. 
about to go to a meeting that I've been dreading for a long time....  
My exams begin in 4 days :S so I don't have time at the moment to upload new layouts and envelopes 
too many assignments too little time 
about to go to lunch..then 5th period for a final 
i took prickly heat two years ago on holiday the first time ever, and i didnt think it would happen again but now it has 
two years ago on holiday i took prickly heat for the first time ever, and now its came back again cos its soo hot 
is debating if I should take a cab to work and be on time or bus and be late??? 
@SteveReynolds I've had no time to read it yet  but I will start tonight and i'm sure i'll be addicted!
i feel like i don't have time to do anything these days 
Lunch time no meat for 2 weeks, I don't think I can do it 
@ccrouleau I'd feel bad if we went without you!  But the three of us could plan another trip for some other time.
this time last year, i had a job 
@ahmytamagotchi I need to upgrade my computer before I can properly play that game. There is no time for that this year 
@gornelly  ahh well no doubts the dust will settle, just have to teetotal for another long period of time haha
I HATE 6th period. 
working out for the first time since graduation 
Lunch time is almost over.  WaaaaH
This is the first time I missed happy hour at sonic all week!!! 
@Cynical_Woman no time to shop! 
Today's meeting's finished..now...it is time to work 
@anniething1 It's automated, so they're probably sent out seconds apart, umpteen at a time  And I really, really don't need it all lol
Dance time! For the last time this year! 
11 hours.  Now errands,the gym,  2 conference calls, then me time. Hopefully.
wishes she could stop time.... only 6more days ...ugh  http://plurk.com/p/xq8h5
I fucking hate this time of month 
@leatron me too! She only had one part and it was only like, a few minutes!!  and the camera wasn't even on her the whole time.. haha
@Fabulista i can't this weekend  let me know next time, though!
A great hard training weekend is over.  a couple days of rest and lets do it again!  Lots of computer time to put in now 
Leaving in about 7 hours... going to be jet lagged &amp; we're not even changing time zones... or flying, to translate literally 
Misses seb long time 
looooonnng day.... quick relaxation time before going back to work 
I wish the time at night would slow down, it's almost time for bed 
i dont think ive been this sad in a long time, its killing me 
@lionslamb IF i somehow find the time, then you can count on it. But don't get your hopes up. It might change 
is on her last box of bearbrand  our supply from the last time we went home lasted a year and a half so not bad.
just found out that i'm probably going to be laid off in a couple months....fuck my life, for real this time 
back is killing me.i think its time for that surgery 
That was bum! Now I need to sleep before Its time to start the day at 430  G'Night Twamily!
Bad day  at  least my phone is working for the time being
is very excited for tomorrow yet so sad at the exact same time. 
is  but he will get bye. bed time now.
@meiko911 not all the time but for the majority of it, yes. 
Looking forward to spending a few days back on the farm. But sad we didn't have time for a garden this year 
Just put in my 6gs. Hopefully it will be for a whole week this time 
@YeahThatsKosher thanks for the invite but I don't think I can make it   What time's the game?
Really can't stay asleep more than 10-15 mins at a time 
@ChollieSwaggmor  ugh.. it may be time to lock the profile! 
wonderful week end , now time to work a bit ... 
I don't remember the last time I was able to sleep completely though a night 
all time low starts in 7 mintues 
just saw her boy for the 1st time in 2 weeks and remembered why she loves him all over again. He will take some time to feel the same 
pre-practicum consumes all of the free time.  
@RussellBfan90 i swear to god,, its the best time of the week. gives me something to look forward to 
I just woke up from a stupid nightmare. Now I can't go back to sleep. I haven't had one in a very long time. It's only 3am 
@thecupcakekid I know. But there was a time when I didn't see her for almost 2 years. 
Revision time 
@mikasounds hope y'all have a great night in A'dam still  can't b there...maybe next time!  (and you win...applied 4 visa ;)!!!!!
going to drive downtown to the office during actual business hours for the first time in 3 weeks...hope they all remember who I am. 
time for another day of clinic 
Going by the forecast, summer will be over by tea time  Ah well, it was fun while it lasted.
I finally watched it!! but the famous pool party will be on season 6 I guess?  sad that I'll have to wait long time for it.
had boring arthritus causing exam. then only had like 2 minutes to see my year 10 chums which isnt enough time &amp; my bike got stolen so 
@nicharry yeah I really am not keen to fly in two weeks time now 
from time to time I think about what a great job I could have if I had quit this one two years ago and started looking    ::sigh::   
...sad but true, but thanks to the weather there will be not flight time the upcoming days... 
I got another rejection  I guess it is time to submit again.
@adrogersam i have heard of it! i will look up the address..my visit here is very time limited sadly 
@MichelChagall I wish you could come too! It's right at the same time unfortunately, and it's not a quick trip. 
@bridgie23 i seriously have not played since that time i said i missed a couple of days. its been like weeks now  i have no time!!
is not ready for emily &amp; the pmtoday boys all to leave at the same time 
I hate this time of the month!  I'm so uncomfortable uncomfortable.
wooooork time...   is it sept. yet so i can have 2 weeks off!?!?!?!?
@boltbuzz108 Everything is going well... just been entrenched with some web development. No time for events this week 
ugh. time to figure out how much i'm going over budget each week... 
I want to play tennis right now!! ..... but there's not courts open at this time of the night 
Georgies sitting up by himself now yay! &amp; teething big time not yay 
Wishing night time wasn't the time when i think bout everything, hard nights smack me in the face and will be often these days, 
what a terrible last 2 days   can I pull it together in time for saturday?
watchin p.s. I love you for the millionth time...I should be sleeping, not crying! 
@CompHelperKid I've noticed that myself that's the 3rd time in the space of 2 days that it has been down 
@onhae Ugh.  It's so sad.  I have to do it to them twice in a week's time.  
I am always up to late and I have such weird thoughts this time of night....sadly there is no alcohol involved 
schools done for the day pheef lol now its time to work 
Wondering why I can't sleep more than four hours at a time. 
Feeling cold at this time of summer :s  .... fever is killing me 
@hereinthehive would love to but I'm on a really tight deadline today &amp; can't take the time out  Next time for sure!
I don't even know why I am tweeting at this time! No one is even up! 
time of the month. so fucking bloated 
good morning!! so many things and so little time!!!! 
Still hadnt time to work on my presentation 
@CallaLilly84 we are always interested in those who won't give us the time of day.. It's sad really. 
alright! time to wind up! time to call it a day! another day another 8 hours of my life! wasted! 
Last night studio time ran late  BUT we have the pre-production, now mastering and mixing!
My birthday is going to suck big time timorrow 
Has found it! yay! typical that one 2-day job might prevent me from getting a full time one though... 
The last day  awwww. It makes me sad to think that this is the last time I'll see some of these people.
@whatsonthetube This time next year we will know all.   I want it to go on forever...
WTF, I wake up over an hour earlier and I still can't make it to work on time.  I feel you @spahkleprincess I should have stayed in bed 
@Dannymcfly ok it's time to say goodbye and I'm not fine about this, I really hope see you face to face on the next time 
ready with school and learning! at a half past six i'm goining into the fitness,I'm up for it! this time i need to go alone...   ciao
nope, not tired anymore. time to get the day started!  :|
I've only got through 200 so far, the rest will have to wait. No time for comments this time around 
@veneziana right before the season starts. But that doesn't take into account the time they overlap 
They were gone this time last year  but whatever new CT show tonight!!!
and just like that... lunch time's over 
lol first time on the computer since....well I've been sick the last few days...  almost better now *yay*!
@jessibridges really?!  I keep hearing that but every time I drive by where it's supposed to be, there is no progress 
@sarisam @mikeyil I've never canceled my account but I have done months at a time without playing it...I should just kill it 
@HeyErnie dude i wont leave you alone, never ever trust me like for reals that will be like the last time we hang out before you go 
Maintenance... what will we do for that time 
busy day....and of course I couldn't fall asleep to nap when I had time 
@JonsTubeGirl no raffle  I think by the time they let all the 5stars in, it was time to get seated. It was really disorganized
2 more days until it's time to go back to work. 
@russiafied yeaah you're right it's holiday, but it's been such a long time i don't sleep at 9, or at least 10 
 time to get a shot
when u love one another aren't u supposed to at least spend some time together? or do I have this wrong?  
it hurts me that tess talking about her last day in 2 years time that be mme 
@OfficialTabitha but luckily i showed up accidentally just in time haha but they didnt see any of my comments 
Just lost my brickbreaker game   I'd been playing for weeks... 360000+ points... down the drain.... time to start over I guess.
@Nettofabulous And it would be avoided at all costs on prime time here 
@krmazouni I have also many issues with time machine and my time capsule. I had to erase it one week ago  Not really cool for a backup
Looking at the clock every minute isn't helping time go any faster 
@moye I have different vacation plans set up for very close to the same time and I wouldn't be able to do both. 
1st time being tried when i wake up all week 
bed time i think. cousins weddding in the morning and iim half asleep  X
I am really feeling old for the first time tonight 
For the first time in years I am starting to believe that roswell was not a cover up 
@shy_i I do mean it!  Last time you came around here, you didn't come see me. 
time to say good bye 
@gangstamittens  I'm about to as well... Almost bye bye time
@danmangion Indeed! What's the time again? When u putting a photo up 
@marisuun i didn't get in time to see the awards  (U)
@N04K35  what time does this new flight leave?
I hate waiting a long time for shows  ugh.
my time frolicking along, enjoying the summer in 954 is gone 
finals in 4 days  time to get back to my books 
@QnSlipstream No one talked to me while I was in time out 
for the first time in 22 years... i could careless that its my birthday  that bugs me.
I miss him so much  I wish I could see him all of the time and stay with him.  I wish this weren't so complicated.
Just received a huge lecture and cried the whole time 
setting my alarm for the first time in over a week.  i don't want to go back to work.
As time passes, it hurts even moree 
@snagy i probably will, but moving a friend this weekend so very little time online 
@iLikefatkids  I could watch the last three episodes over and over again, and still cry every time.
No dlr, it's raining, it's sat, I've got to work  but on the plus this time next week I'll be waiting to fly =^~_&lt; happy thoughts ;D
good friends, good times. Now it's time to zzz... up in 6 hours. 
This is just like last time. I'll be dreading it, but still feel fine until the day of, then I'll go crazy 
@aleximelvin they've been airing the final 3 episodes the last week or so. Great tv cancelled before it's time 
it's the long weekend.. time to sit back and relax.... but after revision for the exams 
Still haven't pack  i hate myself for that but time to go do some last minute shopping haha
Listening to the stereo hoping that it doesn't break again (it would be the fourth time in 1 year  ),,,
ugh time to take my SATs 
i'm going out tonight but i've got a headache, yet again, for the fucking hundredth time this week. 
good morning time to go to work....tired 
These cramps want me up in time. 
the sunshine is staying back and this time i'm leaving 
@Arhum no  i tweeted it like, a million time in both of my accounts....
@TiffanyDoughty Sounds nice.  I don't have time for pools this week.  
@BtotheDollar It's raining  hopefully it clears up in time for celebrations this afternoon!!
He says we'll go this afternoon, some how I don't think they'll be back in time 
@amhce4 Its a hot summer, go shoulder length. I was forced to go short this last time  Accidentaly
Is having the hardest time getting a move on this morning! 
it's been 24 hours without my mom for the second time in less than a month &amp; already miss her 
@grafikcache bad time management i think 
no all time low concert for me. 
@ebonyeeee  aw darn, our time will come one day I guess, lol
@codymeskey dude, welcome to my life, haha. 9 hours every time i work 
@geekmama well actually if im honest its times 3  amy has been a whingy pot all day just wanting to feed all the time! hasnt slept either
sad thinking about where i was a week ago at this exact time, loooong sigh! 
did 17 miles on my bike yesterday-no time for lifting though 
It's going to be a loooooong day  I don't see myself eating nething today.. And probably spending a lot of time in bed.. 
first time i sat down all day.... i need a break from life 
already missing Amyia. A week is a long time 
@chrismistybelle I don't even know honestly, hopefully it's fixed by the time I get back. It'll suck to be stuck at home for a month 
@geesmyangel I know, they said they'd fit it in with different time zones but obviously not for us 
I'm up, but it is way too early, I sometimes don't even get up at this time on a school day. besides that, I like had 4 hours sleep,  LOL!
@FijiLomalagi here they are this time of the year (rain) awake 24 hours  repellent all the time
i need to go back to school and learn how to spell properly... its terrible.. I'm 18 in 6 months time and i cant spell 
wishes it was this time in 3 weeks...!! But will miss Cratcliffe lotsss 
@keb578 had a great time at the concert!  I can't believe we don't have another one to look forward to 
'Course, i've been confused for months anyway, which probably didnt help. why do i feel im fast running out of time? frighteningly fast 
@GewoonLianne because I was working I only called twice. By the time I checked on the net they'd all gone. 
@vivifromhell miss u too. two weeks are a long time...too long  &lt;3
four and a half hours till shot time 
...The first two steps will happen in 4 years. The 3rd step is undefined. Long time, isn't it? 
It's been a long time since my last update 
@usorthem3 yeah at one time my place was full at dinner time every day but sadly those days have passed pretty much alone now 
bye twittas...until next time 
i frequently have sad moments; all the time 
no more mike n ikes  time to go to the store again
@DHStom still no full time work?   what are you doing at the end of next month... not sure that you'd have the funds for the trip though
At frikn' drinking long islands, hopefully I don't get ruffied this time 
@NvObscene too funny! too bad it was such a short round  that was my 2nd time and both were over too fast #1vs100
taking my time reading. chapter 38 now.  it's almost a little sad, soon it will all be over 
the night is coming to an end  but luckly i'll be spending time with the family all week, then it's time for cheer, then L.A. here i come!
Another day on the lake. No big gators this time. 
i use google sites all the time - tonight it broke 
@chrispugh I didn't get to try the series 1 teas. They were out by the time I got around to asking. 
got a full-time job &amp; after working for the company for 7 days, is now working for them only 2 days a week. Apparently, business is slow. 
The time flew by 
@GarageMetal468 I know how you feel. I have panic attacks all the time. They're awful 
@kinagrannis glad you had a good time, and sorry I couldn't make it up there  I WILL see you in concert one of these days!
is really really missing lovely and cuddle time tonight. 
@e_walk I didn't have time  usually my amoeba trips are at least 2 hours...u know the deal!
shouldn't be awake at this time of the morning 
@NKOTBahamas2009 I'm not surprised, they had back orders 4 the longest time and just sent out all the back orders the other day! 
my time management is so bad 
he thinks it's time to upgrade that agreement. i don't.  what have you've gotten yourself into, val?!?! now what... 
Revision time ! 
I'll have to call about the receptionist vacancy in a minute. I'm thinking about what to say. Last time I didn't get a call back 
only 19 more weeks to go, so much to do, so little time 
I need to find some time to work on my crafts, I think its been two weeks since I last sat down to sew 
I just saw the time we've been here for hours. 
what time IS IT? It's time for summer's study! ( cry ) 
i'm wanting to burst into tears for the first time in months 
having a hard time reconstructing my multiply 
I have not slept this bad in a motel in a long long time.  
had an interesting night and now it's time to get back to studying 
@ErikaHanchar apparently rain for the next week  if you have time pop in on the way back, we've a meeting at 1 so anytime after 2
off to the gym for some me time...then the dreaded study time 
Haha really  i do have notifications from you every time i wake up though, i always know what you're doing
@theasianbunny i've been sick for like..three months.  i just feel like crap all the time now. :/
It's going to be a busy week before my boyfriend took off  but I'll probably going to have a good time.
time to wake up! had the worst dream last night 
Studying time. Finals are coming up. 
wow take a breath i havent hear u long time agoooooooooooooo 
scared of becoming 26 in one weeks time 
I feel like I'm getting sick again. I was sick for 2 weeks last time, man. 
was sooo excited to go fishing for the first time...  it didnt happen...
I recently ate my fourth hamburger in 2 days...but this time without bred....we had only 3 
sooo jealous of you guys!!!! and seriously dad? 11 o'clock isn't day time!!! i wanted to sleeeeeeep.  hehe.
@starfish422   next time bb, I'm around all afternoon and probably need more than one haha
Much rather be were I was this time last night 
@addywalter  Haven't got any other time to do it   And I haven't finished my own yet!
Why time passes so fast?  u will be leaving me here alone and spend 2 yrs serving the nation soon.. :..( http://myloc.me/2Wq7
@katyb_ same! and now I just don't have the time  too many subjects to do this week 
@ramin987 Noooooooooooooooooooooooo!  I'm not here at that time! 
upset that I'm not at the summer time ball  x
Up got sold out  time to go to the 4:15 showing  http://myloc.me/2WO2
This is just a waste of  time! Just working all day!... 
@xoHerbieox y did he agree2that? missed weeks! cause the tweetflood they created during my off time 
bad time to give up alcohol 
So much research so little time! 
I agree with you @FranSC. long week  BUTTT then its summer and party time!!! This time in 3 weeks we will be chilling on the beach...  x
@alycm Not getting into that one at this time of night - I'm fairly ambivalent but in favour of either fully in or fully out. Wishywashy 
@shickmagnet maybe it is that time of the month leave me alone i feel blowted and very heavy 
@selenagomez Where in different time zones, 
just saw the inside of our new house for the first time. not very excited  ill have lived in 4 different places in the past 10 months! wow
@muchmusic could you try one more time  give away one more pair of wristbands PLEASEEEEEE
I just lied about my age for the first time 
I've put this off for long enough: time to vacuum 
left boston  that was a short visit. It was my first time up there but i will be back. Loved it
@proofingqueen have a great time at the reception, alas not attending 
busted by the parents. grounded for two weeks. no more slumber parties either....for a long time. 
This is not summer time chi ! 
Already six months since I tweeted last time? 
bed time   longggg week ahead of me 
@MrsMcClellan oneka! So sad I missed u tonight  I had to run after service, but hopefully I'll see u next time!
Yesterday was the first time I ever cried so much for @oordhoo just bcuz I miss him so much 
I don't remember the last time I was healthy, in fact.. when was the last time I went to the gym? more than 2 weeks ago 
Is happier than I remember being in a long time...I have to wake up in three hours though 
@SashaKane middle east has been fighting since the beginning of time. not going to stop any time soon 
I had the worst day in a long time. and somehow also one of the best 
another day gone by....time is moving so fast... 
*sigh* escaped this time but within 12 months I'm going to have to have botox again 
crunch time: 5 months to go, still in search for wedding suppliers 
5AM  time to go to work
its that time of year, sigh, feeling down these days 
time to start the telecon 
Apparently i have Labyrinthitis (for the second time) No fighting for me for a week 
has basically zero art and studio time over the last month 
sensex down again 340 pts this time 
@sandykidd D'oh! I missed it.  I shouldn't have spent time with the family yesterday...
would rather be spending time with his #ECLR peeps... I don't want to go to work today!! 
Unfortunately, it's time to tidy my bedroom 
back to work for the first time in a month... super early morning for me 
Revision time. I want to go out 
@MartinaR2100 I'm on standby for a 3p flight ugh I would have already landed and been chillin in burbank at that time 
was dissapointed that won last night..  they  win all the time....
this day starts my week of actual responsibilities    well just till thursday, then it's vacation time!!!!
My time here is dwindling as I get closer and closer to the airport  So sad to leave.
Lunch time over... already! 
gutted that our trip to london NEVER happened. maybe another time ... 
@woolboo Wow, late for an hour is a long time! You should leave! 
decided to buy and d/l the sims 3 offline to pass the time today... no one warned me it would take 12 hours to d/l... 
@xbrookecorex if you can make it through the day. every time i try that i end up crashiing by 3pm 
@Arieder not anymore you're not.  I just logged on first time in a year.
@cunderwood83 I don't think I want to watch the awards now.  Have a great time on vacation!
wondering when my next trip is going to be, it's been a long time since i don't travel anywhere 
@hanxx they've left my coursework to late and im never going to get it done in the time left 
@nickbilbrough you moved??? not to B'ham, I guess. we put our flat on the market. not easy time to sell, I know. 
Last day of beach time 
time to pay some bills 
I'm stressed and sad. it's my birthday soon and I feel the worst I think I've felt this entire year. why is time constantly against me? 
I wonder how many took the time to get out their flag and fly it yesterday? I know not many in our area!   
retarded call time means no after party for me 
Today I'm without a unix server for the first time in 14 years.  
Just found our my camera's clock if off by several days. I don't know how many pictures have the wrong date and time 
why can't it be wednesday already? this is agonizing, i hope i don't chicken out this time 
stressing out big time!  @jilly_leigh do you have english notes you can send me?
i always get the best ideas to write for like days when i don't have time to do it, when i can it will be lost 
just left disneyworld for the last time this year 
Sjc - uppieless for first time this year 
@carlat not this week  i'll have to catch you next time - keep me posted. safe travels.
@eshift well I was trying for full time but all the specialist spots are full for now. 
first time ive been alone in a week. its very.....lonely 
that's the second time there was a lightening strike right outside my window in a couple weeks! i must be a target 
2 years feels like 2 months... time goes by so fast and change is unavoidable at this point... tomorrow's gunna be a tough day 
Less than twelve hours of cram time left 
It's been a month and a half and I still miss her all the time. I still expect to see her sitting in her chair in the living room 
@Streyeder I wish I had time or extracurricular workout, but I've barely been to d gym 4 times in last 10 days 
Two new big jobs in one day....no time 
I think my stomach is upset for the second time in the week 
is wrapping up a long day,,, time to relax! I can't believe hockey season is over... 
Having a great grand time 
@UsmcSupport what time is that usually on? and what channel? i've been wanting to catch that but i never know the time or the channel 
@jessieeeexox for some reason I really miss you  sorry for not replying yesterday, I had no time...
Be glad you didn't come for tacos then... No power here (again, for the second time in 4 days)... 
@choochoobear Been a few years since I went, but they still sold them last time I was through... expensive though. 
i always get really hungry this time of night 
Just waiting out a possible flood and tornado watch and / or warning. That time of year I guess 
@bfmom yes, it's that time of year.  
 my birthday is over...i wish i could have more time to enjoy it *tear*
On my period. aaawww 
nikkolas has the flu  it's time to go to bed early. =/
hey everyone! im currently going to bed. long weekend; i have to work all week :| its a great time  NOT. text the cell.
hey everyone! im currently going to bed. long weekend; i have to work all week :| its a great time  NOT. text the cell.
hey everyone! im currently going to bed. long weekend; i have to work all week :| its a great time  NOT. text the cell. a;sldkfj
@ElizaPatricia time for my bed too! 7am here and just finished a 12hr shift 
It's a good time to overreact!! (compared to a few days ago similar post) 
@skysosmrt We need to find the right time of day when the Misomayo at @japadog isn't sold out! This is twice in a row now! 
is poopin herself now!!!  its exam time in 45 mins 
sleeping on a couch = no bedpartner I am very sad that has been a constant alot this year... you won't get a no this time..125 I am not  
@iphigenie @keanrichmond It's because there was such a long period of time (7 months) between permanent employment jobs due to redundancy 
day one of forced annual leave. can this have come at a worse time?? 
forth time being pulled over this week, tenth time in less than a year... a little annoyed 
fourth time being pulled over this week, tenth time in less than a year... a little annoyed 
@ladybug8320 5 weeks is a long time! 
 I've seen that episode time to turn over
@cnapi5  Crunch time
y does tweetdeck time n again doesnt update like it shud 
Long time no updates 
The only problem with hosting alone - for 5 hours, is to find time to go to toilet 
first time sleeping out after weeks! - but tomorrow next project is coming up..! not much time left to hang out and relax 
4 days until a much needed vacation; need to relax &amp; have me time - heading for burnout 
#iremember the best time of my life: being a kid. ahh i missed those good old days 
@niallok it's sunny here too for the first time in weeks... It'll never last though 
@BookbindingTeam I missed the meeting last night on accident   I got carried away in the studio and lost track of time.
Going to work soon. I've been lazy so far this week; haven't been going swimming in the mornings. I'm just so tired all the time! 
Billing...a day late....first time in years 
Really doesn't like goodbyes  @cessokelly have a great time
@SomeKuwaitiya @diilee time finished before I finish the exam there were 3 pages I did not read just gussed them cz of time 
12 years is a long time   http://bit.ly/1abRRx
Lunch break over  time to go back to work 
superbly bored!!!!!!!!I hate being bored during this precious summer time  !!!!!!
Ugh.  I so hate when ALL my bills fall within one pay period.    i wish I got paid the same time every month.  
@e_bookpushers Could you get a day pass? Or even volunteer ? But I heard it was soldout in record time as well 
@Roryfig I found out I'm going to philly oon wednesday  so some other time!
gah i hate that time of the month, it makes me wanna go through menopause already 
webcast time. only 1.5 hours!   
This is the most free day I have had in a long time.  I probably won't take advantage of it. haha  
Just got out of a meeting, time to go home now? 
Home time. No more over time at low pay 
12 days until my birthday wowza  time flies!!!
@H2Obdawg there was a time when it was only like $5 I think... but that deal is probably over 
so it's time for me to say good night. I have to get up at 5:45 a.m. that means less sleep for the next few days.. 
@jhofker where is the night time? 
@MindyCyrus lol maybe u should!! Lol i cant wait to get time, unfourtanetly i need to wait a month!!! 
not even a day's break  back to work... *sigh* well time for my daily website rounds
I think its break time... i am soo not feeling well yet again 
getting ready to go over to nicks for the going away party. i have been dreading this day for a long time 
wow!  another day without me having time to tweet!  
@aliiison baahahah i think you were there for the first one when it landed on my essay and then you were gone for the second time. 
@kmacpack Figures!  I have vacation time...and you are telling me its going to rain!  
I'm sitting here waiting til it's time to go to bed...this was my last day of vacation 
Its always the sadest time of day when he stops texten for the nite 
@tysiphonehelp well it's passed midnight in some time zones and it's not out yet so I guess well just have to wait and see. 
bummed I missed you, me and everyone we know,as well as not spending time with @tylerkingkade for he's leaving tomorrow for 2 weeks 
@sangalicious i miss going to the states, i used to go all the time! 
smh at me spending 30 minutes last night thinking I had lost my drawz when they had been on me the entire time lol 
@zetinkerwiner they do when the period comes 
is 3.0 out yet?  or is it gonna release based on pacific time? 
@smaashley I believe I broke my knee for the fourth time 
@mrsnasirjones i have! that's probably why i'm so miserable lol the bullshit is at an all time high this week 
@scalderwood argh, if they trim the plan it won't work. not the time for halfway. 
@ashbe i wake up at 4:30 everyday.  i only have less than four hours til that time 
I don't want class to start a half hour late tomorrow  I hope she keeps us the whole time but I know she wont.
Watching Notorious for the third time... I wish biggie was still around 
Why is the connection so slow? because of lunch time? 
Watching Notorious for the third time... I wish biggie was still around 
Watching Notorious for the third time... I wish biggie was still around  (via @ddlovato)
On excursion with my class for a last time .. :/ .. last night ..was terrible.. I couldn't sleep .. i'm soooooo tired ... 
Looking forward to this weekend and wishing I had more time to write. 
I hate 2 dollar pint nights!  its now time to be a cuddlebug!
just had solid food for the first time in a week...but now I feel sick... ugggh 
I love chatting with long time friends. 3 months 
@Leesy @shubox I read on the o2 site that the update would be available some time this evening 
I almost slept at a normal time. I dozed for two hours at a normal time.  But then I stupidly got up to do something. I am awake now. 
just got to chicago for the week. so tired, ZzZzZz time! wish i had my boy to cuddle up with 
@ChantiParnell aww , it takes time, took an hour to kick in for me   your eyes that bad?!
Still no update  bed time.
need to put the light on in the office for the first time in weeks - it's so dark and gloomy 
Watching Notorious for the third time... I wish biggie was still around 
I got up in time for the launch, but it was canceled 
Hating this periods cramp !!!  
Hating this periods cramp !!!   http://myloc.me/487W
@HollyWorthy I'm not gunna have enough money cos its only 2 weeks time 
Last day of grade 10!!!  but also  at the same time. Doesnt feel like the end of the year
Augh stupid time of the month 
I should stop watching all the vids as I MUST finish one thing within this week and I don't have much time to do it. 
@simonstanley it was big enough for you. oh.... two hour waiting time 
Wishing my time off started sooner.  
At the gym for the first time this week!!! 
@janaspyjamas it usually just turns back on after a few minutes.. but this time it didn't 
i wish good shows could be on all the time  and why are they still calling it Prisionbreak when their out?
i woke up a long time ago and still in my bed  what a lazy day,,
i'm bored.. and i'm going to miss cell time this week.. 
had a difficult time deciding what to wear this morning and ended up making a bad choice. I look ridiculous 
@urOSTARSTRUCK one day you'll have time for me n well play(no pun intended) like we used to 
@BrittneyTee Haha it made my day because I wanted a cheeseburger so bad but it was breakfast time  after I saw their pic it was all good!
so was up at 5:30 this morning, which doesn't feel strang because that's 11:30 my time, but went to bed at 3a my time instead 
Having a hard time, the 9 business days left is kicking in full force. 
play time is over...back to work after 6 whole days off   
Oh well- guess I will be taking that exam again in 30 days- ran out of time - 
@Jstarrrrr mee to I can't stop thinking about it.  when I had my tooth nightmare last week lol. I pretty much paniked and cryed whl time
@MassageEnvy0724 i saw one last night for the 1st time but website doesnt have prices 
When I get home in an hours time that is 
plus i need some quality time with the famjamm. but they live 3000 miles away 
@theaardvark you are right of course - I have no time to sort it (during working hours) as I am stupidly busy.  
first time i havent been there in 4 years 
@cjahnsen so apparently the transformers thing is next week...and i wouldn't make it down to anaheim in time to be any fun at this point 
No one showed.  I recycled most of the flyers. Why don't people check their mail for days at a time?!
Wish I had gotten to spend more time with the Chambers clan.  
I want to rewind time . Preferably last week 
@kwright1582 Me too sister. Last week at this time we were having bus stop pizza 
@gitsiemonster no    i'm in one show now and i won't have time for another before the fall semester.
@wizzbarz LOL I had one a few years ago lol He knew what time I worked out and would wait across from my building in the mornings 
halfway through my final, now time for a forced break 
@j_bernhart sadly, not yet! i've been changing my flight one day at a time because i have yet to hear back 
@chrishenry1 mine only 21/19  in half a month time? where r u now?
It is NOT time to go to sleep! The day is still young..wake up geesh 
@oaksaabguy apparently so .. unfortunately evenings are the only time I seem to have time to do any work these days 
Missed 11:11 (wish time) by one minute.     
I work for the next 6 days straight. I wish I could be spending the time with my parents since I really only see them once a year! 
last night with my boydfriend for a few weeks  on the brightside- should be a fun time! ;)
off to dream about him again for like the 50 th time this month :/ I don't know what is up with me 
Has not had to wake up at 6am for a very long time and doesn't like this time of day  bloody ascot
stilll up .. lost count of hours  time to crash
Is fighting insomnia &amp; losing big time...  
Why even bother with medical benefits when most of the time you're not entitled to use them when you need them the most 
It's damn early. And damn hot. I have to work for the whole day and so I'm rly damn pissed of.  *wants more time for his projects  *
listening to before the storm one more time. then going to sleep. 
There is not enought time in a day  ... But knowing transformers 2 comes out in one week makes me feel better 
@aliceadict  time for another two months?
The days of staying up late for absolutely no reason at all have returned. But this time...I don't like it 
kikin it with josh for the last time for until a month from now 
@spacecadet007 Me too! I think I'm coming down with the flu again.... third time this winter 
@phill_horrocks Might do a day trip from here but not going much further. No time 
morning!! college time 
@kimpamela you know me too well! Just lots to do and so little time to do it in - also the dreaded finances 
@Thehodge only 60 min recording time, and 2 hours use battery time, most wedding speeches last longer than that 
Why does this time of day even exist?! I want my bed back 
How do 4 year olds have this much energy at this time in the morning?! 
its summer , but it rains all the time . it sucks :S 
Normal stuff for this time of day 
studeous.com would've been very useful since schools might not re-open on time due to the h1n1 virus.. too bad the site is gone 
Just talked to hubby for the last time for 7weeks 
@petshopboys can't beleive I missed meeting you both  I never knew you were there! No one told me  hopefully another time...
@Sophcornwell I don't know what time i'll be in yet. I'm not allowed to drive in though 
@lootylove don't stand me up this time!  I wanna see you. I think I might have a room in SoBeach that weekend. But it depends.
@einstein_fan About damn time lol, although you may have to wait a while apparently they are 8 weeks behind 
@juliancheal we are on holiday timetable now, so we are less frequent  you shouldn't have to wait more than 20 mins at that time though
what a waste of time that meeting was 
its that time of month again... newsletter writing time  it always makes me so sleepy!
- last time ill see you again till almost a year? .. I think so. 
spent all day avoiding studying &amp; now its time to start going over social, kill me 
@dELYSEious That's one of the main reasons I WANT to go! ;) I'm just mostly destitute for the time being. 
@MsSexay the second is my last day and I can't fucking wait. Too bad i'll be broke again by the time I get to enjoy summer 
i'm tired and wish it was bed time.  lol i hate not sleepin at night 
@XclaudX I'm just stoked to have a break, even if it is for only 1 week!  Unfortunately that's all the time off I can have at the moment 
@LuvRedandWhite lol, dealing with banks and traffic for over 2 hours=   yes, i just don't know what time
gville is rainy  party time tonight!!!
@yojibee Not this time unfortunately. Should have prepared something plus we're in blueprint phase, doesn't leave much free days 
t-minus 10 minutes until clean-up and bath time.  Not my favorite time of day.  
@Jonasbrothers wow, I already say that... but I really like ping pong! I loved to play it, but I don't have much time to it these days 
I love long car rides SO much. But not so much when It's your time of the month 
Lunch time is over. 
@vvo3v I miss you too! I am sad that we live in different time zones now 
@TravelTweetie - sorry been so busy I haven't had time to tweet  We have cole and mya picked, now it's waiting to find out what baby is.
@cubanalust mannnnnn i missed out again! we need an international time session haha.... damn 
is sitting dreadn a few hours time.... 
@eyelovelife We had to put him down a while back. I guess it's been about 2 months ago  I just have had such a hard time getting over it!
@tcollins didn't get a chance to say 'hi' this morning @coffeemorning would have loved to see littleun  next time...
has a really busy week and couldn't find time to go to yoga class 
didn't make it to #smcslc tonight   needed to spend time with @chookah before his 4-week absence with the ex
@jaderogers31221 omg its so good and so bad at the same time! haha its was great an hour ago but I seriously feel sick now! ew 
This is the longest stupidest period ever 
all that for scrubbing big time on the quad  i got run over lol
I think this is the first time I've ever not wanted a friday to come 
is, for the first time in a looooong time, getting in and going to bed...  He had a very painful evening   
I have a meeting from 3 - 4!  That time is for twittering, blogging and in normal weeks footytips and dreamteam
Extremely sorry we couldn't make it in time to play tonight 
This is the first thursday in a long time in which I feel lonely! 
How come the office shuttle comes late when I am before time at the stop whereas comes early when I am couple of minutes late? 
@DYNASTYLA24 me too! Four months is such a long time without basketball 
can't sleep. i miss elle. (she's spending the night at a friend's house for the first time) (might be the last time too. this is awful!) 
just 7 hours and 10 minutes back then it's weekend and i am going to sleep all day... no not really don't have the time for that 
is counting down the hours til the weekend so she can spend the entire time in bed and not put pressure on her very broken ankle 
i wish i could stay awake for more than a couple hours at a time. 
I have period pains 
What's been with the past couple of days? It's so grey and threatening to rain all the time. I wish it'd hurry up and get it over with. 
Last day of uni  But moving back in 5 weeks' time 
I really really can't wait for my iPhone but I'm guessing I won't have it next week, maximum delivery time 6 weeks 
yay! data done reducing. now time for bed... for 1.5 hours. 
Boring, time consuming tasks. 
getting sick again ... for the third time in two months! All is not well 
@thereisaseason   somebody needs a vacation day or a time out!
one day at a time ::sigh:: 
@rlhood midweek series = fail, i have no vacation time 
Feeling like crap...taking a day off for the first time in a while and it feels wrong, but I just can't do it today 
i hate this time of year  not seeing some people for 7+ weeks is just so hard 
i knew that , that day 'll came some time .. but im not ready for THIS 
is feeling like I'm getting the flu...just in time for the weekend  Hasn't stopped me from eating or drinking though lol ;)
first time in 2 years i'm not lined up for an iPhone on day one... what is this world coming to 
Going to wal-mart for the first time in 3 months. Ah, I can't help but support the unethnical place because it sells everything I need! 
@Biddygirl he'll show you his lucid graves.... i don't know what that means but i'm on time out 
is leaving MASH 4 the last time 
Flights at this time of year aren't cheap 
When I was an intern this was the time I would be getting here . . . I've been here for 6hrs now  Two and a half more to go . . .
hates that in a weeks time he has to leave!!! 
i hate funerals...i dont think i stopped crying the whole time 
Signing out, working time, such a nice day too 
@jtimberlake maybe another time then i know your busy  x x x x
ahh!  my present for father's day might not get here on time 
mike is taking a second job this summer. less time for us to spend together   but im happy for him
@katieschulte i miss you tooooo! i can't imagine not seeing you all the time next semester  miss you love!
i just ate my weight in junk food   i hate this time of the month!
@vickybonnett didn't have time for race  but I mingled
is pissed. He says hell pick me up 3 hours before he actually does. Then by the time i get out i have to go home cause of curfew. 
having no time at all. and it's still the first week of classes. 
time to go to pudong airport 
@SophieWho I know! Just no time to call or text or anything. We're cramming so much into each day. 
back from hockey, we lost  last game till hols for me now! this time next week I'll be in cairns!
@jmstro great stories this week. I wish I would have had time to participate 
2nd time. I'm undeserving. 
this time last year I was there  http://usat.me/?35406804
just wants her soldier home. I'm so depressed without him. Three weeks is such a long time 
i miss sally chung!!!!  no more third period!
and that was me crashed out for another 10 hours... i hate being this tired all the time! 
catching up with blogreading, damn haven't had much free time the past weeks 
maybe i should do my assignments on time, then i could of came out this weekend 
I miss @ohyesitsmarc. I dislike it when he leaves for such a long time to places with time differences  Counting down days.
still awake and not because im out having a good time  6 more hours to face time with my cozy cozy blanket.
My team leader just decided to show up to the office....no more wasting time! time to start working seriously 
It should be summer now, but its just raining all the time. 
@iweb Its third time that server i wanted is sold during checkout process 
@skipsonrecord aww  I haven't been back in 10 years so it's about time rly
sore throat this morning...not a good time to get sick 
@makefate LOL We tried that the last trip out - I was sick w/exhaustion by the time we arrived 
@kaylajaneb Like the fourth episode lol, I'm not really getting much time to watch it 
@cksfriday Only a week this time. 
plans keep getting delayed an hour at a time...should have gone shooting 
8 days without twitting... I'm losing my mind with so much work and no free time 
@jesssaywhattt I knowwww  she yelled at me saying shut up! I go at my own time you don't tell me what to do
@ternoman bad bad decision for me. i guess there's always next time 
@paulajg they were pushed out like most good shows of their time 
@dinarickman at least you're not just rubbish at scrabble. I could be alright, but not within a socially acceptable time limit 
so I pretty much had an amazing week... sad that it is over  can't wait until next time...
This is a bad day because there is bad time 
Is having/had a pretty shitty day, roll on bed time! Even though its bed time on my own again 
I have had the most awful morning in a long time  
Little time for recovery, straight to work  uuugh
Next time you might want to know what i've done before you say i did stuff to you...having a great day even though it's raining 
@theronster I'd forgotten it's that disharmonious time of the year again 
back on east coast time 
project time 
@aybeelaurel i know, right?! but why can't you be at dinner today?  it's @ our place this time.
shower time! bye curly hair 
13 weeks pregnant and already having a hard time breathing! Not fun at all 
Just lost the game... first time in about a week.  
Another loser: Just lost the game... first time in about a week.  http://tinyurl.com/njwmrv
I have left the building - last time I see my own bed for two weeks  still waaaaay excited
a very busy week.. no time to check my emails.. 
sometimes time passes so slow 
I want to return the time behind and to return to this beautiful day 
@wtao noooo I always wanted to watch it a 2nd time, you just didn't invite me when you went 
had a great time last night, but not everything was good (first time i got mugged  )
had a mad time last night. ily biffle, you're the best. happy seven months of being biffles ^____^! weeeeeee! i'm cold 
why is raining?!? wtf is like the fall time 
ugh, time for more ear drops. 
@nelsongeorge i never made it over  this is the first time i missed in 4 years! was a pretty hectic day 4 me. u going 2 the def jam event?
may have to miss out on green day this time..end of year trip will be worth it right? 
I guess its time to hit the sack 
mysql has failed on my server again... not impressed... second time this month 
sometimes i hate living in the country, where a rally even1 or 2hrs away is next to impossible  to go to without having any time to plan. 
Has a busy day ahead! Too much 2 do &amp; so little time!! 
@orangeflowers I'm just starting to worry. He had it for a week last time &amp; now it's repeating. Wish there was more I could do for him. 
The dreaded time of week is here... Haiii 
you're funny, @HafDoc. anyways, it's time to sleep; must wake up in a few hours to continue packing 
just read the beginning of new moon, makes me cry every time 
@UPnz by the time I heard about the midwinter event it was fully booked 
this time last week danni was here. getting ready to go. 
this time last week danni was here. getting ready to go 
2 hours...I wish time would hurry up and go 
@cessii haha its that time of month, and it frigging hurt. 
Nearly birthday time!I want to stick at 23!! 
@CharlotteLina I wish you a nice evening. You must dance all the time, otherwise it won't be that much fun. I'm sorry for not coming 
why he suddenly has no time? and a girlfriend is it too stressful? this is the worst weekend of all times. I feel so empty, so dead. 
celebrated our 2nd anniversary 3 days ago...  i'm off to school tomorrow, time to get used to having less free time i'll miss kiko 
@NevadaRose same thing i did when you were down here that time with tmoney. fell over, smashed ankle to piecessss 
So much to do so little time...house to clean is the start, then have to start the babies room,  maybe a shopping trip this week too?
Ugh I'm running a fever.. I don't have time to be sick 
Studying..again..getting sick of this..c'mooon,it's summer time..! 
loaded with chocolate... note: to much chocolate at a time...not really good. 
Praying for minimal rain on my last week in the city..I can't believe this is ending  But next time I'll be living here..after I graduate!
I'm hating on myself big time this morning...trying to get over it 
I haven't gotten a moment of wow time for the last three days! 
Not feeling well  called into work for the first time all year. I hate doing that!
I had an amazing time with @alexaann last night I miss you already 
taking the t for the 1st time after getting used to the parisian metro 
After what I thought a few hours...I check the time, it was 4 mins away from the last time I check on it 
@catarann no  i didn't even realize it was sign-up time when it was! i'll be home celebrating my birthday
@shonayorke aww have I missed it? I knew it was coming up soon on e4 I thought it was in a few days time 
This night at this time 2 months ago I was in the Odyessy and P!nk just came on stage  I'd do anything to go back!
@Sjusovaren I was just talking about that with someone last week. I just don't have time to run 2 sites at the moment 
is so tired all the time even getting 8 hours sleep... what the heck is wrong with me?! 
this time lkast week  i miss joeeeee :')
There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to go. 
 time to move on with life this means that I can't wait for next year !! I can't believe I just said that
I haven't had a day this bad in a long time. It just keeps piling on 
@IrishLad585 very busy busy day!!  I'm bearly gettin time to rest.  
the only time i hate living by myself is at night, sigh.... 
found out i'll be layed off for the entire week  it's not good $wise but i'll have some time to paint. also more piano practice time!
@drdonallen  he said happy father's day and he will try again as soon as he gets time. his # is weird so watch out for a 6 digit #
@day_b still fighting the time change. 
@nicofell I am not too sure, I think when you connect the first time it asks for your mobile number. I can't even get that far 
@Lilchamoritta i am sooo sad u rnt going to conferce i had such a blast with you there last time ! 
Why does no one ever answer me  I'm havin an awful day...I guess it was abt time...its been awhile
time for a little summer cleaning... joyyyyy and a half 
@cynbaby They promised they will before they shut shop but they are running out of time now - two days left 
It is lacking, 5 minutes away at my time here, going going away, I miss you already! 
ugh it's that time of the day when i get too hungry... 
@gamefiend I'd be interested, but it'll be months before I have the time 
@thickasshyt28 naw we on central time out here so add an hour to that  lol
Praying for no traffic on I84...wishful since it is rush hour commuting time 
@Listersmate will you be posting this? I have an appointment that same time. 
2 1\2 hrs of beach time with the boy. Now time to go home and shower before he works 
@sarahnoid I know, we were there 2 years ago and spoke about that it may be the last time before it was under water 
@JordanAshleigh omg (: memories we wont have in like 2 months time 
Probably about time i got back to finishing packing 
having a hard time breathing this past few days 
The wire just got interesting, and its bed time. 
uhg. free afternoon = first time in a month I had time to vist urgent care = swimmers ear.  now its 7 and just starting lesson plans 
actually sleep? urgh! goodnight cyber-space and the the first time in about 4 months - im actually going straight to sleep 
@TaylorHann I am currently beating myself up. I missed your speech for the second time!! 
@iAmAqurate I smoke all the time  but weed isn't a drug....
12 hours and my WoW time expires. 
how i wish she understands me. I love her and i know she loves, but how come she's so selfish. What about priorities, time, myself? 
@jasdeep no plans at this time 
is up at ridiculous time of the morning, what is going on with my body clock, also missing my favourite leicesterionians 
@marcyyamorr nigga i dont even like have any free time. all my days r busy already! 
I would like to have a vacation... but I don't ever get any time off. 
6/24 one year ago  i wish i could go back in time!
@theoopsgirl glad you had good time! Missed you as well, my silly manager going on holiday so I couldn't go! 
just checked voicemail for first time in over a week: i'm sorry to everyone who's time-sensitive msgs i ignored for so long 
@Shinybiscuit I don't like you any more  (i think playdays was before my time)
No running for a while....all the more time to swim and cycle I suppose 
school.over! ... for 2 weeks  ....but really really really happy (: and sad at the same time 
I just reliazed that ive been sick on and off all year...it TOTALLY sucks big time 
@andrevr Still waiting for those offers; you were mistaken this time, alas! 
I miss photography so so much!  I wish my time wasn't wasted on damn year 12 
Doesn't know if I will have time to workout tonight 
Is listening to the rocket summer, for the first time in aggees. So very good. I don't feel well 
is dancing for the final time tonight 
@nathanblevins I do, too. But it's minimum 8 hour drive each way for me, and no time to drive it.  #Codestock
Having a great time at toonz academy also busy 
@princesspixel i had to request it! i was so confused about it the first time i thought doing it again might help. it didn't 
@KateAnstey what time are you getting to victoria tonight? I can't stay out long - think I am getting a cold 
time to get finger re -broken 
@dknyism i want to send you proper ones but i don't have the time this week 
@KlownDogg I would probably do the same if i lived alone, they make great company and if i had more time 
time seems to be going by really slow.....  not a good day
off to see my girls, last time for 5 days 
Lunch time... I think it might be too hot to eat outside. 
Its about that time for lunch...and i have only 3 dollars. 
It was quick, but exhausting. 1 day @ a time 
I really hope im getting better. The nyquil is making me say good night. @marielxo hope you had a good time 
38 days til graduation! s0 much t0 d0...s0 little time! I'm excited! 
@levimorales well, i'm doing good here as well  and having fun at the same time. have a wonderful week as well 
Sure its snowy again, but atleast I got to skid across the parkinglot one last time 
a minute over. time to get up! let's start today right 
@bradiewebbstack ;o not the jelly beans! my all time favourite. Share? 
@gee_lo is it paid? i was made redundant two weeks ago and need a job big time. 
For the first time in a very long time, I am actually making myself a delicious breakfast that I will not be eating in the car. 
Lunch time! 
looking forward to the weekend, time to be spoilt with affection  xx
@bcclist That's probably the best question from last night.  When you have 6 time outs- USE THEM.  At the same time, I'm not complaining. 
@ImASadGiraffe brownies are good any time of day 
Wow, this week has been a major milestone. The end is almost in sight, and then it's time to hit the second half of the semester 
@nivertech for once I know what time zone I am in and as a result forget the month 
My fav time of day 
Home! time to relaax 
we will be spending time w our families that weekend 
@margaretcho you're amazing, just listening to some of your old shows and having such a great time 
I held a baby for the first time last night! 
@iprmktg time for spring closet cleaning 
@apas gimme some time... Under construction! 
After the third hour of this. I got un-ease..I know this time just be cool &amp; open to new friendly people  
Its the best time of the year! 
@bccf I have time next week...dm me some options. 
@christinacrayon I just started with the first season, so I can't watch it in real time yet ... hopefully I'll get there 
sigh, nba playoffs...best time of the year *  Also, I get no work done during this time of the year!
time to dinner! 
@Linzking Fantastic news, hoping for a successful time next season! 
My family came to work to take me out to lunch. I had such a lovely time, it made my day 
@tvburger  It was about time you took a day off!
@EPMorgan There are no words! It was worth waiting 25 years for!  (really off to bed this time!)
It is so wonderful to be outside on this gorgeous day! Now it's time to head back home. 
long day of shopping !! ..time for bed 
@mistygirlph @cheth daily nerd links suffered for first time in a long time this week, next week hopefully will be back on track 
http://twitpic.com/3kstl - my summer hair/almost that time again 
its time for beeeed! night 
Its was such a beautiful day out. now its time to say goodnight 
midnight snack time i'm bad tamales's 
@upasanakhadka it was high time you owned a social profile 
driving was great. And i decided to go out in the evening and had a fantastic time so going to do it again 
shrine always a good time... what a great night ... making it happen 
wow this song was played 20million times this weekend but it always feels like it's the very first time! what a tune!!  #asot400
A great day.  now, time to sink into the blissful oblivian that is sleep.
love is sweet the 2nd major time around.. yihee 
@keLee random suprising time AND special days. I'm greedy that way 
@julieb will give you advanced notice next time 
The time came and went, now my day is done. The long weeks wait is over  welcome home Moelmers!
@cosimo179 do you have to work during those two days or do you have some time to explore the place? 
@arranjones howdy! we had a great time last night 
Having breakfast with my wife for the first time in a week! 
had SUCH a good time last night, and has finally recovered 
Amazing time tonight... 
Lunch time @ home. Only 4 hours until I'm done for the week 
looking forward to finishing and handing in my last ever academic assignment  too excited about this time next week...
first half marathon under my belt, now it is nappy time 
time to mso about yesterday 
is tweeting for the first time  and is watching music channels 
Off to the hospital for the last time 
its that time again, good night 
@TheEngTeacher you can keep on detention any time 
wow, i was up in time for a macdonnalds breakfast!! haven't had one for years!  nom nom... still counts if i've not gone to bed right?!
@atebits take all the time you need. No pressure, but we'll be waiting 
@stephenfry i face that this time next week, hope it goes well 
just woke and realized it's 420 already..sweet!!! the perfect time to get high all night! 
Yay I've figured out twitpic!  day well spent...home time now?
@jadeycakess bad times man, i was sick literally 20 times yesterday |: have a good time at mcfly if i don't talk to you before it 
this is a new week where I have time to do things!!! preferably nothing. . . . 
dinner time  yay
Celebrating my all-time favorite holiday: 4/20. 
just got back from an awesome workout. time to rest up for my days off. 
is away to ze airporttttt to take photies  yeyz for summer time
@kcarruthers I spent two years studying this topic. I know how to make it pleasant and personal at the same time. 
watching twilight for like the eighteenth time. never gets old 
@kcarruthers I'm starting an assignment the night before it's due the second time in a week. I need to get out less 
it's night time 
@donreisinger You will LOVE it. And you will find yourself using any free time you have to watch more episodes. You've been warned 
@ProuddGodmother LOL Lets trade!!! i wish i was home right now in my bed relaxing!!!  but still getting paid at the same time 
Too tired but had an amazing time last night at church. 
free period again 
Starting a new week .... this time with NO fear 
is on holidays and watching day time tv 
first time in two weeks I've gone to sleep before one, goodnight 
@petrilude Agggh. I love symphony! Albertsons sold 10 for 10 dollars one time and I bought 20. 
Having multiple projects at the same time brings me back to my consulting days. Now, like then,I'm happy to have to much to do,versus not 
@TheTransmitter no,no...i am working on 'a feature film' and it is 'about time'...since iv been trying to get one made for years 
best day i've had in a looooooong time. 
@moviefan277 Actually not as i'm retired already and have not much to do but  i've been known to stay up 2-3 days at a time just for fun 
A carona and lime then its bed time  I love being an adult.
got a picture to workk, time to sleep a bit, big day ahead 
woke up at 5, decided i didn't need to shower twice in a eight hour time frame. went back to sleep.an here i am. g'morning 
@kittydisco thankyouuuu  having a good day? or night? whichever it is over there, i'm no good with time differences
time to go now... have a great day tweeters 
so much to do, so little time. aweschum weekend 
@clathan About time! (settlers) 
I get to sleep in my bed for the first time in months.  I love being home. Dorm beds just don't compare...and that's a true story.
@MrThirsTy72 i see you like, once every couple of days, haha but i'm sorry! i'lll wave at you really big next time i see you!!! 
I've finally woken up at a decent time this morning 
Despite it all, I love sleep  nothing is perfect, no one is completly happy, but I'm trying to be. One day at a time 
i am happy, because for the first time since summer, there is thunder and lightening 
@alexparr maybe at this time, the site is busy...i was playing with it for the past 3 hours and it works fine till now... 
we're twittering!! 1st time on 
i may put on twilight for like the twelfth millionth time  yay
@rolfsky almost vacation time! 
@HelenGraves  I LOVE flow charts...they're so structured and yet flow-ey at the same time 
Race time 
time for a day in bed 
it's derby day!! time to party down. 
I poped for the  first time in months yesterday  thanks rod rod
@MontanaOne Or I could say, will work for flight time. 
For the first time in literally a month I've been able to sleep in! It was amazing 
party time tonight 
painting for the first time in months. i love free weekends! 
@joeymcintyre 5 Brothers &amp; a million sisters gets better every time I hear it.  You're the best. 
beat raceland for the first time in 6 years tonight!! 10-8!!!!! 
After cleaning, working on my book, I need more time in the day, or just need to figure out how to live with out a regular job 
time to go to work  but day off tomorow 
english breakfast for the third time this week! 
All 3 children in the same place at the same time, happy days!! 
@Anjeebaby next time promise 
Looking through @MrTweet recommendations for first time. 
I hate mathe .... but in 2 days the exam is over and I can spent my time in the sun 
prom was yesterday. had an amazing time! 
Having a real breakfast out for the first time in years 
5 months today.  it feels like its longer but at the same time shorter.... &lt;3
had a very sleepless night and i am super tired.  time for coffee
ive been studying a&amp;p for 2 days straight non stop .. time for a well deserved breakkkkk 
2 more months, and I will be working form home all the time!! 
@churroboy i just went there for the second time this weekend 
target time 
@robjannetty  had a nice time talking to you the other night 
@muumuse aw sweet! the concert is so much better the second time around! 
long day. time to just chill now 
so, this time next week I am going to be through with school for 3 and a half monthes, you have NO idea how happy that makes me! 
TDs ..js first time  haha
@StuckInLaLaLand And AHH! 5 days! You'll be home in no time!  Then we'll be back to our sarcasm and odd inside jokes. 
I just want this semester to be over! Only a week and a half then it's moving time! 
1 AM &amp; time for bed, nite all 
back from the city... breakfast time 
i got my period, and i'm not pregnant 
@DeveshM just had a look - missed out by a couple of hours, i'm sorry. i'll let you know next time.. 
midday and a half, time for lunch 
I hate the exams . first time and last time in this school  then i'm out ! after 10 years! yaaaay ! 
@clyp1976 thanks!! I definitely will! The next season will be rainy and it comes in two month's time!! 
@thegirlRiot there's nothing wrong with having a quiet day... it gives you more time to listen 
@jordanknight  yes really if it is that time of day again.   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
just got home from a partyyyy. had a good time. can't wait for my birthday in 7 days! 
@BayoArigbon what you took your bracket off... ? And now it's time for bed ! 
Hawks lost but it was a good time 
had an amazingly unproductive day, but i loved it  time to go catch up on sleep!
@fabfatties Thank you! One day at a time, right? 
http://twitpic.com/4wk9i - I should really try a different pose some time. 
@jmascia yay i found u!! i had a great time tonight! 
time to go to bed... and hopefully wake up to a better day  niiiiiiiights yall
@unitechy wud like to. But I actually have a free weekend this time and family is visiting. so I'm staying put. next time 
@rowsell you really chose the wrong time of year to do this didnt you 
Nearly grand prix time 
first time in weeks to see the clear blue sky 
@rkuang i know, right? i'm super-excited - i told y'all this is the busiest time of year for me 
@worldarts I see we are approaching a nice round 5500 number, I expect you will have crashed through that by the time I come back tonight 
right, caffeine levels topped up, few more hours revision then #f1 time  'mon the jenson.
time to do some revision while listening to @direngrey albums non-stop all day, again! 
going to program now  haven't programmed for a long time now
@terakopian He's a musician, so he's a bit difficult to pin down on weekends, and during the week I'm out all the time. So it was nice. 
coursework finished for another year, gym time after the f1 
At the airport...waiting to sleep. Fabulous time!! 
Going to work for the first time in a year and a half  
Not feeling great after last night, but thinking I had a good enough time to forget all that. 
@roddypeeper we get it done and dusted early in the year so we don't forget it and if we do we have a chance to make up at easter time 
Just woke up starving, time for some brunch 
had very good time last night! 
At the big weekend again and i'm right at the front this time 
you have time. run to the store.  lol  [jubbles](:
its trek time  there just so damn good
extremely busy weekend. I don't remember the last time I slept in, goodnight 
@briansexton  i do however hope your day clears up so to speak, even though it's now night time.
did an aerial tonight for the first time in over a year  http://bit.ly/16MLfT
@DonyaMaries I had a great day but I gotta bring some assistance next time so I can enjoy the other vendors more 
18 hours till game time 
tired and pissed. bones marathon time.  goal for the day: 7 or 8 episodes.
Woot woot! That time of night again!!! 
@FallenStar1 tanks - i had the BEST time EVER! 
about to order Mcdo  haven't eaten it for such a long time! lol.
I love @kimberlymdg I am So happy she is home for the summer time!!! 
soooooo looking forward to tryin on my wedding dress in less than 2 weeks time!!!!!!  x
almost graduation time 
@iantalbot not my department but at least he spotted it in time 
I am sooo happy that even though i live thirty minutes farther from the school now, i can still get up at the same time 
This time next week I'll only have 1 exam left 
@dannybelize  It took me the longest time to figure this out: #sataniswearingajacket But the bubble eventually sunk! 
all time low in two days 
@Gommit and you will sell it in less than 2 years time for 75% of price 
however, woke up with a smile on my face, first time in a few weeks. 
had the BEST time at sixxx flagsss  sleeping overs kenz's again 
@Rhymestyle it was like 10 to 5. u were beating the time b4 that. so i still hold the most victories  lol
had a splendid time this evening. 
@jacvanek exactly 2 months until its rupert grint time. 
@lindsayshaw awwww...enjoy every second. time will fly in the last couple months. 
off to church! had a great time last night 
@leosia  I've watched it already a week ago - not bad to watch 1 time I think.  
@Maries make time for both 
@darlacameron let me know next time you're fixing dinner...  
I'm working on a new drawing! This time, with colours! 
Circles- All time low 
@jessdreyer what time is the after-party starting?? 
@kalelprime So what are the chances of us getting the podcast on time this week? 
is feelin rough from last night but had a really good time 
going to church! first time back in 3 weeks--too much vacation! 
..time to do some spring rejuventation around the house. bur first: b'fast! 
@GStuedler my hair's been thinning for a long time now, I figure I will enjoy it for another couple years, then buzz it all down 
working, cleaning, and hopefully finding time to shop 
@atheken We branch in bulk, usually 2 at a time 
@ElektraFi I lasted 8 days on my honeymoon w/o laptop. It was a bittersweet time of rehab 
@zelenayafeya hey come online, it's been long time 
has a sweet weekend and a nice time at enter shikari 
@Shelly5787 I love him, period 
@ricardobs Yes,he has tattoed even finger! xD But you have plenty time to get all them too xDDD LOL.. and he wears crazy caps 
@ChrissyMcPants you can do an inspection on me any time 
@evilnick This weekend! If you come for the cheese it is usually this time of year. We have the best summers so great time for visiting. 
Getting some &quot;ME&quot; time................  i'll take it at any time of the day!!  
had a nice day in the city. time to go to bed 
time to do a summer shopping spreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
@shawnieora just make sure that you're not going to sleep in at least one hour after eating.and just eat moderately during this time 
Best day in a long time! *sigh* 
holiday time 2morw.. 
sleeeepy time! This was quite a weekend  No complaints.
is still buzzing from seeing doll and the kicks and morrissey twice this weekend!! What a brilliant time 
bye.. see you again next time. 
@inrsoul @debbieseraphina thanks for organizing the #sgtweetup ! hope to join u all next time, this week not able to make it 
Right - time to start on orders 
@shaundiviney yay! it'll be the number one song in no time. 
@phoenixritu I think this time it will.. wasnt crash dieting 
is home safe for her favorite time of the day 
@ttaasshhaa Buses still run that time, they usually run until 10 leso 
it was a blast spending time with you mr.big! 
@RespectTheWest  well maybe in a year or 2 we'll both make it at the same time.. 
thankx ak for showing me a good time 
@sinfulsignorita  I am slow this morning, trying hard not to switch on  next time, do kick me if I dont respond 
spent some time on the field... I might get tan this year! 
And THAT, was a very long day!  Now for some personal dream time. 
Feeling halfway rested for the first time in weeks. Not 100% but I'll take 75% any day at this point 
@NikkiMK That's cool!  We seem to arrive at the same time in the morn 
trying on my corset again after a looong time...fits like a glove  will prob wear it all day ^-^
@jeffreysroberts boat time this week  its sunny
is enjoying scheduling time to work out rather than team meetings 
heading out in an hour for a girls day out  can someone say shopping time!
last year during this time : we were partyin @eddiedashmacs uncles crib like alll the time  lol good times
@xoxoJL spring in the end?  used to swim in the morning but can't even get up  on time.
wooo 800th update - dedicated to @AliceAguera because  i forgot last dedication, and i remembered this time and i love her  woo hoooo x
@irishland Thanks!  There may be time yet to start again this year 
reherasals for two weeks strait! it's crunch time 
yay for sleeping in for the first time this summer 
so many sites, so little time! 
@TimothyH2O that's like 8 days after my  one year anniversary of meeting my idol for the first time  I like keeping track of dates haha
@jOrgyLiCiOuS all's well that ends well  time to zleeeep! ;-)
it's weekend time - signing out 
There was another grassroots gig thing on last night  this time twas The Wombats  hooray. x
Yesterday was not for me but nowaday it's time for me 
half day today - and then it's party time! 
I'm back  I enjoy analyzing poker situations too damn much to just quit for a long time.. it's been like 4weeks break, time to roll
@ruskin147 i hear it's lovely this time of year 
ABS in 5 hours time 
that's the walking done for this week, time to sit in the sun 
@juderoque @rayalforte deadline's on the 26 but it doesn't have to be as good as the previous one since we don't have much time 
really should be using my time off more constructively, meh i have three months to be constructive, now youtube videos. 
Coming up to the bay - make time for me 
@gamewank uncharted 1 and 2    first one is one of my favourite games of all time i think
@mrifrknrcks haha its just i have seen her in a long time...sorry. give me a few days, ill miss you guys too. hahah 
@tommcfly nearly a thousands updates from you, well congrats  that's really many considering how little time you have been twittering! xD
time for the gym. in weekend mode 
its vacation time  have a happening week planned ahead, hope it works out well 
only two more periods of S2 to go... 
happy memorial day weekend!  it's the most wonderful time of the year 
5 days to holiday time 
is home..  time to enjoy the so called weekend .. bring it on !
@momof3crazykids I'd dir if it took foe my new laptop to be made in 20-25 days! But I guess it's worth it, hope you get it in time 
level 2 score 2173. dinner time 
slept for 9 1/2 hours  now it's time to eat and go to rehearsal!
@emiliescribbles i have to wait until next week for the biopsy results. trying to remain calm. only succeeding half the time 
had a great time at spoons last night 
about to teach a class. all set, its morphin time! 
installing 'football manager'. long time no silly games played 
Weekend!  about time i got some R&amp;R!
night time. later! 
My silly beagle needs to go potty outside in all of this rain....and at this time of the night! 
had theeeeee best time. can not wait for friday!  ahh so geeked!
http://twitpic.com/61ezv - Home until next time... 
time for me to go to sleep. we're one day closer to house-time. 
its that time of the day when i have gone brain dead... time to pack up and head home for the day 
i must to go all time low signing next monday 
cutting my bangs for the 2nd time this week..do they need it....nope, but i do it anyway. 
Playing monopoly in second period 
might stay up late... first time in a while I've been able to sleep in the next day.  
time to comatize for 10 hours. 
I am calling it a night. For real this time. 
@magui042 aww.. me too =( I've been 3 times but a fourth time wouldn't hurt  best place in the whole world.. ahahaha =D
@dvgrhl  I will remember your comment every time I drive 
Is tired at a good time of the night! That's a good thing! 
gnighty world...its dream time bout [blAnk]  gossh do i miss him &lt;/3 its been almost a year =/ how did i survive?
Almost time to go to work. And later in the afternoon I'm going to the gym 
early morning in the office...the best time of day to be productive 
@ArdiXIV see you in Langdorp then, will race there too. Woehoe, race period fully ongoing 
it is now 4:06 in the morning... time to go to sleep 
@ravengrape lol NO! I worship simon but he can co-host  you know @ian_watkins was on buzzcocks once upon a time? x
@KellyNg well...in about 1 1/2 months' time 
@KnightOnline take all the time you want to fix the game 
