Most common words for this cluster:
[('time', 989), ('day', 86), ('tomorrow', 73), ('night', 66), ('work', 60), ('quot', 53), ('today', 50), ('morning', 48), ('amp', 39), ('home', 36), ('i', 32), ('good', 31)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Time', 0.9472407102584839), (u'Viveca_Novak_reporter', 0.6855804324150085), (u'Lap_Sit_Story', 0.6458737850189209), (u'Life_Expectancy_Hits', 0.6410649418830872), (u'Pos_Rider_Bike', 0.6372395753860474), (u'Classified_Pos_Driver', 0.6226451396942139), (u'LunchTimeWaster', 0.620703399181366), (u'REUNION_TIME', 0.6188995242118835), (u'Raving_Rabbids_Travel', 0.6158908009529114), (u'Pos_Driver_Make', 0.6153959035873413)]





Change of plans, we ordered Macs instead. Time to hit the books! 
@nick_carter Time for Warcraft yes, but for a simple game of a group of fans no  Just let us know if u figure it out, you want the prize?
Time for work. Im tired...  
Yawn woke up. Time for another day of ignoring my &quot;friends&quot;. Goody. 
Time to go to work  Must stop knitting 
Time for me to clean the kitchen, then bathroom, then shower/pretty up and head to the shower. Pity it's a rainy day in Mid-MO 
Tutor Time!  Here until three.  Not many kids because they are on spring break.  So, I get to study strengths! 
Time to sell my first motorcycle  Pass this on to friends http://bit.ly/18kpCa #fb
Bad Time management 
@klarokaro Having a hell of a job finding any frame in my size  Keen on the Time Speeder tho
Time for work. Have fun sleeping 
@tweetstats 504 Gateway Time-out  Need some help?
i wish that i would have been in Texas tonight  there is nothing better than a free All Time Low show
Time to drop my aunt's car off ... I wanted to stay @ Cream all day 
All by my lonesome now that my mum's gone  Well at least until K turns up in 2 hours. Time for reading and packing.
Time to go to Don's. Ugh. I feel like shit though 
Yet another sunny day in Utrecht (to be spent indoors). The last day of the hackathon...  Time to test and release. #hac5
Omg wow!!!! Great night!!!!! Time to go home 
Time to head home.  Spring break officially ends for our family today 
Time for some lunch me thinks. Perhaps a turkey sandwich. Tempted to have pint of cider with lunch, but have to work this afternoon 
I just dropped shin off at the airport. Just in time. It shouldn't be any later or should was to late. Time to go in emo mode now. 
omg...its like 2 in the afternoon and I am only just waking up  Think I must go onto Eastern Pacific Time at the weekends 
All done! Woop! Time for some sleep to be ready for audio crunch tomorrow night @ QCA 
Dammit! Pandora has commercials now.  Time to switch. 
@zackalltimelow i SO need All Time Low in Brazil! plz, think about it! 
Time for the school and work week to start  it's okay just think positive! Seeing brit soon!
Im going to be late again!! Time managment muchh!!! 
Grrrr..... I cnt sleep!  -Time is of essence-
Time to go to school...  I wish you a nice day!! See you in the afternoon.
Aw man nightshift sucks!! Im soooo tired!  Time 4 a snooze!
TG it's the weekend. Time to catch up on yesterday's tv show. This day sucked so hard. 
@Enigmadolphin My tweetdeck won't update.  Boo tweetdeck. Time to switch. What are you using now?
My sinuses are going to 'splode.  No bueno. Time for more Alavert and hopefully sleep.
They Joy of hangovers. Bliss   .... Will I' regret following all the #TEMPLES in a moment of foolishness last night? Time will tell.
watching youtube clips of the Marillion Weekend (Montreal) and still getting a wee choked up by certain moments...   Time for more coffee.
Fucking blah - that 12V on 5V rail incident blew up *half* of my 128x64 LCD  Time to get a new one + 2 weeks shipping 
Time to leave from the office. Another 1.5 hours to reach home  God damn gaon this.
Time to get ready for work. Man I wanna go back to sleep 
annoyed that Time Machine doesn't backup iPhoto if it is running - just lost all my pictures for the last two weeks 
Seeing &quot;The device, \Device\Harddisk0\DR0, has a bad block.&quot; errors in my Laptop hard-disk. Not good. Time to backup the entire disk. 
@AlexAllTimeLow  I seriously wish I was going to that.  I want to see All Time Low so badly.
party @ The Bull was a flop, no one showed up for party!!!     So, we left &amp; went to the Fraser!!!  Time for bed, I'm pooped!! Nite all!!
Mr has gone to work. Time for bed  Come back home I dislike sleeping alone.
Another night at the shop.  Time to rock it?  Stupid nerves.  
Mike made the S. eat when she was supposed to nap. She resented the food and naturally is over-tired now  Time to cancel my grocery trips?
is getting ready for 8a service and i hope i'm not late like i am every week! Colored People's Time is a disease! 
Why does this keep happening with my Time Machine?   http://twitpic.com/4ha5x
Time for a leftover slice of Federici's mushroom pizza. Memories of Friday nite out w/just Simmy for a rare date nite &amp; me w/ headache 
Spent 4 hours practicing etudes and the Dvorak Concerto instead of studying. Time flies when your having fun! But now I have to study 
Is really annoyed that my CD burner is being a shithead. Time to get an external burner 
Time for sleep lil man is gonna be here at 6:30 sharp. Ugh hate getting up early. 
Time for sleep. Tomorrow i go to the laptop hospital to get the old girl diagnosed. I don't want to have to put her to sleep 
Burnt bad, Great Time though :-D Work tomorrow 
Mixes are done. Final Exam is written, printed, and stapled. No treats were made due to the complete lack of funds.  Time to earn my keep.
Time to leave  the happiest place on earth. Bye mickey and spooky friends 
Hed Kandi was great. Time to head home 
OMG. I hate school so much. So much to do but too little time. Deadline's tomorrow.  Time is my greatest enemy ever.
I've been I'm Germany for 7 months, learning German by osmosis isn't working as well as I had hoped. Time to crack a book 
In neros with @markbrown83 ... Time to go home soon... Booo! 
Time for bed. PLEASE let there be less animal attacks on me tomorrow then there was last week 
I guess I'll have to just go to sleep.. Gee I rlly wanted 2 say goodnight to my love.  oh well. Nite again. Time 2 zone out for 8 hours...
Is home now. Time to read? Nobody is one Skype... 
Meh. Time for work after a lovely lunch out. 
Crickey!!! Time for bed. Tomorrow should be interesting. May miss....again.  must....go....to sleep!!!
I was deprived from internet world for 2 days  need to catch up... I think miss a lot BIG Time
Time to curl up on couch and watch NCIS I think! Early night for me I think - wrecked after working today. Where did weekend go? 
At the airport in ATL... Time to head back to the D! Man o man... I'm upset I left my blueberry muffin in the rental car 
Missing working on my MacBook  Time to get the battery replaced pronto! ?
Oh gosh I'm over studying tonight. Time for a break, a good sleep &amp; hopefully I'll remember everything tomorrow. Boo exam 
I need a weekend from the weekend. I'm so tired.   Time with my Grammie was great.
Yay! Time for my weekly Airport kaboosh, which happens when I'm trying to grab the most recent Grand Prix video. Bad timing 
Back to school... Time to get shit done! These next 2 weeks need to go by faster! I just need summer right now!!!! 
I just heard a song that reminded me of eating jelly, playing cards and sunbathing on the roof at Tijuana Brass. Time certainly flies 
Finals tomorrow    At least its almost done. Summa Summa summa Time is here!
@davidlebovitz The day here is waning, a sunny autumn day, for me - full of housework  Aaaah! Time for coffee.
Time for work  ..... Got my mind on my money &amp; my money on my mind!
Blah. Time for bed. Hopefully I won't be sick tomorrow. I want my throat to feel better.  Sweet dreams, Twitterverse.
need to buy my All Time Low tix ASAP. going with don is it weird that parentals will drop and pick us up? .. 19 yrs old and no license 
About to leave France and say bye bye to my parents...     Groucho Marx once said: Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Time drags by awfully slow...the last thing I should do is read twitter. Its beginning to ruin my day. Ugh 
@matthbooth I use Time Machine at home and never had a problem with it. Auto backup everyday but the HDD is nearly full 
Down to 10 players in my hockey pool.  Time for #RedWings and #Bruins to get it together tonight. #NHLPlayoffs
Time to go to school  Too bad the power isn't out again. Ha.
Thought the walk outside might wake me up. I was wrong.  Time to doze under my desk, I think.
I need more Me Time. I probably won't get any for the next week+. 
*argh* I still want Apple-Time!!  *angrygirl*....euh....*angry apple*....
Ouch! Thought I could cycle off the Lyrica, but it's still hurting pretty bad.  Time for another massage therapy appt?
@SimplyStar Ohh sure, taunt me with your Eastern Time Zone! 
@StephenKelly I wanted to do it Second Semester Part Time but I think I've now put it off until 2010 
Time for sleep. Tomorrow I have to finish writing two speeches for my public speaking class. 
Sprogs noisier than Suade. Time to go  Bye all.
Listening to old songs out of your iTunes collection can end up being very depressing.  Time for bed before I listen to more   :-/
Online. I hate Time Zones here is 1:10 pm and nobody is online GREAT 
Okay, starting to feel rubbish again. Even my fingers ache. Time for some painkillers. Wife asleep since she's worse. 
Yes I know I am going to be stung by Orange for tweeting abroad  Time for a change of network perhaps
Woopsies. Passed out COLD last night and didn't even finish the conversation  ... Time for the marathon!
Time for a cuppa and James bond whilst I conecto terms with the fact my tv isn't full HD 
Time to gef my lazy Maui butt outta bed. 
Time to shampoo the truck seat.  Cat urine FTL. 
Beach vacation is over. Time to go home. Were very sad 
Home from school.. VALVe still haven't updated the www.tf2.com website for Spy update.. grrrrrr   Valve Time sucks.
@Time4CoffeeTime perfect day for a frog. Rainy. 
Time for sleep... No work today  http://myloc.me/15mN
@JanPolet Still pretty bad  going to see a neurologist. Time for some science based diagnosis.
Less joy now.  Sound stutters badly on my hackintosh and my &quot;bug-report&quot; on the forum just gets ignored.    Time to switch to Ubuntu?
Time for uni, and what could be the biggest study session ever. Really wish you could get a good cup of tea after 5pm in Jordanstown 
Dropped the girls off at nursery - Faith screamed!  Time for a quick coffee before setting of for my cake artistry class
Time seems to be moving in slow motion. I am watching Pineapple Express, 1:33 to 1:39 am seemed like a hour.  This movie isn't very good 
Time to make a decision......I hate making that decision ...My dog is just so very ill....its an awful nite. 
Time to watch another #Flashpoint episode. Soon another season finale I'll have to deal with 
Time for Push Circuit 2.  My poor kitty still sick.  Will be bringing him in today.  
Time to take a short snooze for two hours. Meijer wore me the fuck out. 
Time for another run of 21st century breakdown. altho i love Tre Cool at the drums I want to take Billie Home! 
@sbenglin Time is relative. I feel like you JUST left for your trip! 
counting the blisters on my feet OUCH...was worth it tho. We had a great time. Time to head home now 
Well, I can't put it off any longer.  Time to get started on that housework  This weather says I'll be sitting on the patio this afternoon
@ItsAJackal They have awesome stuff, but since they go live at midnight Central Time, it can be tough to catch the really good shirts. 
Wake up to such a beautiful sunrise..too bad im stuck inside all day   Oh well,Time to be random and whatnot
That Taco Time Tostado song always gets stuck in my head. 
Time for a beer after work and to take over from grandma to look after sick Hayden 
Off to Westminster soon.  Time sheets to be done this morning. 
@michaelahills I really want the All Time Low and FTSK ones  sorry for the delayed reply, just got a computer and everyone has been (c)
Wow I'm tired. Time for bed. Gotta work tomorrow 
Goodbye home... Time for school. 
Last day in Finland..Time to sat goodbye  
Time to say Goobye..Last day in Finland.Tomorrow its home to rainy Ireland  
OK. Time 2 move, clients driving me crazy. Up to a 14-hr day yet again. TGIF but it feels more like a Monday 2 me 
Dog just puked up the pepto-bismal I gave her to stop the puking.  Time to call the vet 
I love waking up to mocha cuddling me :] aww. Time for work. Don't get a day off until next thursday  death
bloody Google has reset my entire inbox to British Summer Time, thereby redating a crucial piece of evidence to 9 Jan instead of 8 
Time to sleep got Tuition tomorrow morning then grocery shoppin wif parents... Aghhh....why can't I wake to gaming 
Time to head to work  BBL.
It's That Time Again , Exam Time , Tomorrow It's Irish and History 
I keep movinq in the bed and i wanna say OUCH! every damn Time 
Graduation is 2 days away for me, btw. Time of Your Life by Green Day will be my song.  #GreenDay
Ahh Harper's Island did the trick (apart from a yucky bit with a dog.   That wasn't cool) Time for more work!
My office computer shredded my C93 &quot;Black Ships Hit The Dancefloor&quot; DualDisc - absolutely ruined. F**k!!! Time for the garbage, I guess. 
Finished Part 1 (the first week) of Katawa Shoujo. That's all available right now.  Time to get 100%.
is going to miss them terribly..my babies are growing up. Time to cut the umbilical cord  i &lt;3 Class of '09.
Time for bed!! Too bad I have to get up super early tomorrow! 
Ok. Time to nodd off its gonna be a long day tomorrow. Saying goodbye to my car for good 
Shen computer just broke  Time to get the old IBM out...
My car broke down.   Time to start looking at getting another.  If its not one thing its another.
Revision Time, Biology exam monday 
Now that I have a salary, I can actually spend money. Hooray! Time to go shopping and have dinner at Ahora to say goodbye to @yusufyusuf. 
@pennydog Yucky!  Time to bring out the vaccuum and go to War. Our house is always a spider haven for some reason. Not cool.
Can today go any slower? Time is just dragging by. 
Post-crash Spotlight is now spinning its wheels indexing my Time Machine backup drive. Naturally the drive is in the &quot;do not index&quot; list 
Time to head back home. My business here is done. 
Time i get into The Game they cancel it there will not be a 4th season  i like that show!
Whatever. Workweek's over. Time to go play with new phone. Sim card didn't transfer contacts list 
The VP is gone...so why am I getting a headache?    Time to have some coffee and fight it off. #migraine #ohnoyoudidnt
OMG... I just learned that the little girl who played Ducky in the very first Land Before Time movie was murdered at the age of 10. WTF? 
Ha! I think I really have lost it. Time to get ready for work. 
Time to get ready for wrk! Ahhhh, I dnt wanna goooo! 
Time to paint... I think I am catching the weather flu! Dain 
Went to my niece's high school graduation tonight. Time passes so quickly; it seems like it was only yesterday that she was a baby! 
Time to lay down and unwind...Missing him like CRAZY! 
ARGH! All Time Low's stopping by in Malaysia! ajbsfnasfkjbfalifenlinc............ k i must start work now 
Weekend!  It begins with Real Time with Bill Maher!  Ends with a sigh. 
Feeling bummed  Time for bubble-bath and coffee ice cream therapy. Have a nice night/day my friends!
I spent most of my evening stuck in a Charlie Sheen Time Warp 
Time to wake up you sleepy heads. Rise and shine. My turn to sleep, I didn't get a wink. Arrrr! 
Time for work... I may come home crispy. It's gonna be BOILING in there today! Bum 
Nite Tweeple. Just watched Leno's last show.   Time changes so quickly, appreciate what you have while you have it! Til tomorrow! ^..^
Back from golf and cooked breakfast - great.  Garden watered.  Time to work - can't put it off any longer... 
Another sleepless night  Time 2 get some Zzz...
Up and at it. Time to get packed and dressed to go to Virginia. This time we're leaving my baby behind. 
@SongoftheOss you might have got yerself a job then! Time to start work  Meh!
Time to bust out the plaid! It's summertime!! Oh no! :/ what happened to my plaid shirts?! Waaaah only 2 left!  *sigh* better than nothing
Rise and Shine! Time for work. 
Just home, sooo tired! Glad the worst of today is over  Time to get changed and go sit out the back...with sun cream to hand i think!!
Just home, sooo tired! Glad the worst of today is over   Time to get changed and go sit out the back...with sun cream to hand i think!!
All of my fav TV shows ended the season!  Time to vent out for new shows &amp; continue w Stairway to Heaven! K.drama, here I come!
Time for class after 4 hrs of sleep.  I'm just flat out tired.  Not to mention saddened by getting No Reply 
At the airport with Michael. Time for summer with his dad. I'm not going to cry. I'm not going to cry. Not going to cry 
Really tired after a hardcore workout ! Time for work ! YAY !  Kill me now !   I actually have no energy !
New bike needed  I'm managed to break the back wheel for the last time.I broke two spokes this time! Time for new disc break bike I think
Time to pop the balloon I got at the Flaming Lips New Year's Eve concert.   moving out of this apt and have no place for it.
Blarg. I rhink im actually going to faint from this heat! Time to go have a shower and lie down. Got to get home from work first and shop 
Time for lunch! Pain in my left hand 
(@rgraham7590) Followup on Note to self: Time to order a replacement iPhone...   #notetoself
Starting to get ready for her last night in the Yukon with B. Time's gone by way to fast 
I was wary of combined wireless ap/storage but was seduced by over-the-air backups; now I fear my Time Capsule may be crapping out 
Bah my boobs don't fit into most of my clothes anymore. Time to go shoppping 
Naptime is over.  Time to babysit.
Time to call it a night. Dont have a good feeling about tomorrow... 
Why I am on Twiiter at This Time! Im Headin too Work! 
#djangodash djangodash.com site : 504 Gateway Time-out : nginx : #fail  whatup?
Great round of golf today.  Shot 81 which could've been 76 pretty easily.  Time for some short game practice.  Lost to my wife 2 and 1 
Just great. More scamming and whatnot. Got a bunch of fraudulent charges on my account. Time to get my card replaced 
If dealing with Time-Warner for cable TV doesn't drive me batty, chatting with TWC/Roadrunner technical &quot;support&quot; might do the trick. 
just got home  I just texted Dom thoo, I got chaa(: Time to clean room, change sheets, yeaaah! haha
Fun game! We lost, though.  Time to head to the High Desert.
Black hair doesnt suit me anymore  Time to dye it or try to dye it back brown/darkbrown
To quote Jahunka, &quot;OMGGG I am so hungry.   &quot; Time to get a late night snack and finish packing for tomorrow. #ONTD
Remembering Sunday - All Time Low 
All Time Low repeat again. RIAN spoke just did not share his song.   
Time to go back to the BK 
Back from birthday lunch at Riders Cafe. Place is not bad but should have air con! Time for nap now before shift at 5pm 
Right, weekend almost over. Time for me to stop working. Towel thrown in. This electronic poltergeist has defeated me. 
Gym Time &amp; then school &gt; NOT looking forward to it 
Time to go back to reality Miami I must bid u adieu  don't worry ill be back
I Need Time......Alone 
Crazy weekend is finally over.Time to go on a detox and nurse a raging fever 
One of my fingernails is breaking.  My nails were becoming impressively long, too.  Time to snip! 
Time to sleep now. Have to bury myself with formulae tomorrow. 
Really frustrated with Time Machine. Yet again, we've got to wipe the whole thing &amp; back everyone up from scratch. 
Its been one year since the All Time Low concert. I miss it 
@MGiraudOfficial I don't think there's any question with this one, Part Time Lover! Wish i could see you perfrom it, I'm too far away! 
Backup with Time Machine to USB-connected drive?  Yes.  To network shared drive?  Yes.  Switch from one to the other?  No.  
http://twitpic.com/6cpy6 I have left the Palace. Until next time.... Heading back to the USA. Time to wake up. 
Right thats it. Time to stop. My head feels like its about to explode 
My Ipod is officially deceased! Time of death: 11:52 pm on May 30th 2009! It was 3 years old. 
Love ITVs Benidiorm! Time to catch up on some sleep. Long day tomorrow 
Naptime cuddles are the best. Time to go home 
beach is offically dead.  blah. Time to go eat for the 6TH time today. At my house tho. tired of helping the economy.
@sdlolo how do you get it at 6pm? Satellite?! Time warner doesn't have then until 9. 
I have to go with Abi today. HAHA ! Time for breakfast. I miss Mcdo`s pancakes 
@AldoRisolvo heh!and I was pretty much sure you were italian. Anyway, piacere mio!Time to go to bed now,2am here and the alarm rings at 8 
My jaw is swollen from taking a ball to the chin  We lost the last game. Time to freshen up &amp; have a pitcher of margarita @ La pinta!
Time for bed and home tomorrow  But had a great day; message made me happy, saw my family, had time with baby Daisy, lovely sunshine 
Bummed.  Major technical difficulties at last show-fried my head   Time for new equipment...
Mmmm, ok, given these conversations, I now have cravings I cannot satisfy.  Time for bed, unless someone is delivering stuff for s'mores!
Live 8 is not cooperating with my monome.  Time to update Live. Here goes another 1.32 Gb download.
Espresso trial has ended  Time to start using Coda. Why is everything on a Mac pay-to-play?
Morning all! Was up at 07:30 but have only been able to tweet now. Time for some nutrients. SuBo  Sunshine 
Bangladesh is going to implement Daylight Savings Time! No! Hate this 
I hope the plane was abducted by Time Lords or something happy like that 
Afternoon all... busy morning - hardly any Twitter Time so far 
Great albums out today. Bashy, huws comp, new Paolo is a great summer record, dead formats. Time to get physical. Not many shops nearby 
Totally overslept  Oh well... Time for the gym
Payroll for last week is done. Time to get ready to head in to office. Cat still isn't doing good. Prolly won't make it... 
Ok. Time for some proper history revision. 
@Doctor_Donna A void crosser, I think. The Time Lord High Council used to be able to do it before the Time War. That knowledge was lost. 
Ultrasound shows something stuck in his intestines.  Time for surgery. 
I have paint where you wouldnt think it possible to have paint!! Oh dear  Time for a long soak in the bath methinks
Good morning twizzlers. Time for class 
Aunt's gone missing. Patience running thin. College interview @ 4 pm Eastern Time - excited, apprehensive, ready. Missed eye dr appt  #fb
Back from hike...had lunch with son.  He's got a cold.    Good hike, 2.5 miles.  Time to make some calls, send some mail, Trial prep.
Time to head to Spanish class now. Sad. 
Time to head home   San Fran was sooo nice. I'm not going to miss these hills tho
Hurt her foot  I tripped on the standing fan   no more walking in the dark! Time to buy a night light!
Its the End of the month..Time to pay the BILLS &amp; RENT 
My year old vista on main dev machine is really unstable with 2 nvidia video cards  Time to switch to Win7!
Time to get out of bed? Surely not!! 
Exam tomorrow  Time to face the music
Time Warner Cable has been my enemy for awhile, but they've taken this rivalry too far...no cable for a week, which means no Conan for me 
Time 4 dinner! think i wanna b wined and dined today. Problem is: I dnt have anyone 
Time Warner came. One more day until internet  Didn't have a big enough drill Sigh. I hate DSL!
I haven't been on here in 3 days. Time to see DWTS? Nope, all over.  Time to see AI.  Nope, all over. Time to see Bachelorette? Not yet. 
Starting to get hungry. Son just woke up and movie is starting to get good. Time to pause 
@lilvvatt Hey! Lol. Time to study! 
Time to start all over on the video again!      Jesus Give me patience :p haha
Words to the wind, I must not desist. Tomorrow it will be a long day  Wicked Monday, I met forced to return to the reality. Time to sleep.
My wrist still hurts. I have to get it looked at. I HATE the dr/dentist/scary places.  Time to watch Eagle eye. If you want to join, txt!
watching 'the tonight show with Conan O'Brien'. Sad that he won't be ringing in the Central Time Zone New Year anymore 
Still no contact with the Princess. Time to beard the lady in her den! I don't think she will appreciate it much  Will give update later.
Just finnished washing up from a night on the court. No DUI. Still winless  Damn. Time to sleep in tomorrow morning.
Time for bed. Still feeing pretty badly, wishing I could take one more day off. No such luck, though.  Night night, all. &lt;3
Time for bed falling asleep long day tomorrow... Ima be so sore I can't already feel it.. 
Almost finished with Mondo Marvel # 4.  Time for sleep.  Hopefully I can get this together and finished early tomorrow.  I mean, today. 
Time to call it a day! Busy day ahead with office meeting, photo shoot, virtual tour shoot,  &amp; softball if my abdomen could just heal.   
and i finished Time Traveler's Wife this morning, so now i don't have anything to read.. 
Been writing about my fake eyelashes and childhood. Time to head downstairs (freezing) to make dinner  http://twitpic.com/6gd6x
wishes she could go to the All Time Low gig tonight instead of studying. but nooo, biology is apparently more important. asdoiuweqroiflk! 
http://twitpic.com/6gdzt - All Time Low - amazingly awesome. devooo not going to there concert 
so devooo  shaun and andy and jumpnow - going to All Time Low concert. bhitchesss!
Writing ads all day gives me no reason to tweet  on my way to Ogikubo to take fotos &amp; interview owner of bar &quot;Lagg Time&quot; for beer special
i will see All Time Low one day  today just wasnt my day.
@eygoodwyn Ohh you're talking about Conan... Silly me... I watched the first 20 mins. then my rabbit ears went out  Time for cable. lol!
Time is going backwards. 181 minutes. What a sad existance. At least it looks heinous outside. Oh, thats just the tint on my NHS window 
Watching Question Time at last. Getting through some Etics as well though... 
I'm outta rolling papers. Bummer.  Time to smoke.
Time to leave for cooking lessons at my uncles! Steak tonight! Looks like I'm just going to miss Patrick getting home from work. 
Time goes by, 25 days from TOEIC... I have to study more efficient !!!! The graduation dinneris such a big trouble 
Time for Holby City...RIP Maddy  my favourite character in a tv show #holbycity.   (I would hope that covers all my bases)   ;)
So, I recently found out that what was supposed to be the final book in one of my favorite book series, The Wheel of Time, is now 3 books 
Forgot I put a kettle on the burner. All the water cooked out.  Time to get a teapot that whistles.
Time to sleep. Tomorrow early appointment to get my hair cut before another funeral 
Just finished watching my hapless local MLB team lose another game   Time to podcast . . .
Time to get to Busy. and need to work and face the concrete Jungle of Nairobi   thank fully 4 Days and them I am of to the Bushes 
It's raining and I'm about to cycle to work.  Time to test the Marmot paclite jacket for UKC properly I guess
Time for my morning walk to work. Hope for something fun on my way to work. Yesterday someone stolen all the tyres on a BMW. 
I can't believeee I finished all five seasons of The Office so quickly. Sniff, sniff  I miss those guys. Time to start on Scrubs I guess.
Yawn. Time to get up.  Another busy morning ahead.
Missed Question Time today  will watch on replay.
Ahhh! Lol @ Add Maths Test  Time to take a look at the WHMSonic Panel.
Whoa!!!!! Workout done.... Time to get ready for work 
 - All Time Low shall be my motivation for the rest of the week.
An early morning at the gym has me feeling great. But that scale has me feeling sad  Time to get serious about watching those WW points.
Hard time getting my butt in gear.... GD test in an hour.  Time to drink the orange kool-aid soon!  I'm hungry. 
Crap. It happened again. woke up 30 minutes before my alarm went off. This has been happening for almost a week now! Time to go to work 
My room is back to being in a state of Francis Bacon-esque untidiness. Time to clean 
Good morning everyone! Time to enjoy my last day off for a while. 
Time to grab lunch. Sad that I forgot the sandwich @jamesspeedy made for me 
Time to do some strategic planning and proposal writing...YIKES  I must say my goodbyes for now...maybe
So mad I missed the Hi Five &quot;Quality Time&quot;    
@pyrefrost22, @sharpwear: Time to rewatch Kill Bill. 
Why is that dangerous? @Time4mommy thundering something fierce out there. Guess I should turn the computer off 
Watch Real Time w/Bill Maher on HBO tomorrow night, and enjoy more of my electric sexual charisma hahahaha 
Time for work.  the hangover tonight! Shit looks hilarious!!
well offf to work got the early lunch break so back to work for me I go  Can't wait for @Dexter tonight and Wizard101.com Epic Time!
IT'S FRIDAY!!! Time to get tipsy and have sex.... just wish I had someone to have sex with 
Terminator was fantastic! Time to go drinking, shame sun's gone in! 
Math Tests all day  Time to relax Lol 
Just finished my geog final. My writing arm hurts and i'm beyond tired. Time for hours of work and commuting. 
Time for bed. Had a nice evening with a friend in London. Conference tomorrow. Missed @gselmer though  5am start has caught up with me.
Also, if Sims 3 keeps crashing to desktop for you on the Mac, disable Time Machine/your Time Capsule. Fixes everything. No backups though 
Drove around for 3 hours looking for something and never found it.  Time to chill for the night I guess.
Possibly have the flu.  Feel like crap. Work tonight was way too hard. Thank god i get to sleep now. Time to crash.
@VarsityFC Holy sheesh, when you guys say &quot;tomorrow&quot;, you don't fool around. Merch up by 1AM Eastern Time, and me with no credit card. 
Crap! i just noticed my #wacom pen nib has worn right thru... now there is a small hole on the tip  Time to pick new nibs!
Saturday morning job done! At last my work week is over. Time to relax. 1st up F1 Quali. Missed FP3 due to job. Only seen 1of3 this race  
@GabrielSaporta I defs agree.. I think it was karma for skipping Shabbat dinner for an All Time Low concert 
Nose piercing got hit at All Time Low concert 
My neck. It does not want to bend. Or Twist. DAMN IT! Time for a handful of painkillers 
@EnjoiDrPepper Its not completely gone, its just not working well  And Ocarina of Time 
Arghh!!! Time to get my day started. First things first laundry 
Daniel looks like he got punched in both eyes.  Time to go see the dr.  
Wishes he was at the pool with Emmy.....ah well.  Time to go get a tan.
What smells so bad? Oh yeah, that would be me and my two days of showerlessness.  Time to fix that.
Goodbye seattle! Time to start heading home 
Time to take on the day. How great that Missouri law recognizes straight weddings! If only it weren't the same weekend as KC Pride 
Time to start packing, Mooseman HalfIron tomorrow  http://tr.im/nE4a Water is due to be cold. My body does not react well to cold h2o 
Family's gone.....I'm all alone......WOOOHOOO!!!!!  LOL Unfortunately, I have lots of cleaning to do    Time to pop in BHB and start...
Master bedroom carpet is now gone.  Time to treat the floor. 
Daughter water-boarded the Harmony remote. Time of death: 7:30am. Bought new one with money I don't have. Not thrilled. 
I have like a hundred things I want to show off, but none of which are complete yet...  Fuck. Time travel would be rad right now.
Time to get ready for Jody's bach party.   Pi has to be a big girl and stay home alone tonight 
Josh just owned me and justin in skate. Time to study 
Straub is gone   Time to move on to the Bud Light. I drink light beer sometimes, just for the shits and giggles.
Time to sleep... Sadly the man I want to have in my bed right now, isn't anywhere near here!  No fun for me!
Time for bed soon.  Work at 6am.. just like every Sunday. Boooo!! 
Movie, snacks, bed. Phone with bf soon I hope  Unfollowing a bunch of peeps tomorrow. Time for a CLEANSE.
@Spoonfulofchoco Sucks Big Time  I'm coming to Arizona lollll But seriously you own a store?
Alrightey folks! My internet time is up  Time to hit the beach for one last time before I head home 
Having trouble setting up my new Time Capsule. Guess I'll call Apple Care in the morning 
Time for bed. My daddy leaves in a few hours 
Time for riding after 2 days break!  Think I should wear my ugly helmet for protection of my life 
Time for sleep. The photo thingy isn't working for me.  Oh well. Side note: Here's to the unexpected, the assumed, and the actuality. =/
Time for me to finish my bran flakes then get myself to work, sadly. Good luck with Sims and SFIV everybody - pity me, stuck at work 
@shuttler Well done. I've lost exactly zero.  Time to start exercising. Just working on the house, mowing lawn etc seems to help nothing.
Time to go to the Euro election. Oh, it's raining.... 
Time to go spend sometime with The Sims 3, still not finding much love with it. Just doesn't feel the same  #thesims3
I Wish I Could Turn Back Time. 
Off ZzzzLand ! Hamstrings are killing me  Time to R&amp;R !
Awake. Time to do my one-day portfolio even though it's due Friday.  Hmph.
Time to clean..............................Boring 
Suuuuuper juiced last night. Time to get up and get some Pho... Wish I had some dick in my life... 
Time to buzz off from the computer. Aura time. [ http://is.gd/ROqb ] 
I still can't bring myself to watch the Key to Time DVD set. Ultimately it's an opportunity missed and I don't think it's worth my time 
Cold grey day spent waiting for Internet Explorer to repaint. Why is it so slow? Time for a bike ride, then #f1 tho I already got spoiled 
Time for some Acct! 
: Time is going by so... Slow... What happened to all my Twittering friends?! 
Time for a long hot bath followed by The Apprentice and Big Brother. Might watch 'em in bed. Feeling crook 
Well, I continue to be a failure to my husband. Time to get drunk! There's a first time for everything. 
Glad to be back home! Time to study for a test tomorrow... 
Time 4 Bed, Up At Half 7  Night All!! xxxxx
Didn't know sprint was selling touchstone 20 bucks more than elsewhere.. Time to return 
Time for bed got to be up soon  God how I hate Early shift.
Time to dream about the birds &amp; the bees.... this is going to be a week of hell!  Night everyone!
all I can hear in my head are the screams from the CPR call I got this morning? Maybe that's why I have this headache! Time to clean up 
Night All !  Time for me to sleep...  Bad day tomorrow! ahh. Talk to you all tomorrow. LoveYou.xo xo
Time to do work ..Nap time is over  ..
Time to empty out my beloved Jetta 
Time 2 get the hw that I've been procrastinating done. Got an essay &amp; a powerpoint 2 do. Yay me, psych! 
Time for bed, I think. My attempt to get to the music store was overthrown by a car that wouldn't start. sadness 
Sooo much sleeeep,made me feel even worse. Time to do homework 
Gb twittera... Time 2 sleep! Tomorrow have 2 work 
Time to get ready for bed.  Got to get up and go to work tomorrow! 
Time for bed. Ugh... I woke up today with a case of the Mondays. Tomorrow is gonna be a long day. 
Ruh Roh, Time Machine drive has pooed its pants again 
Alright...I have successfully put off doing my homework all day!  Time to get started. 
The Time Capsule's rightful owner came looking for it, I had to give it back.... 
Left my phone at home but have it now. Time to crawl in bed and sleep before work in the morning.  Goodnight all.
@DonnieWahlberg Thank you so much Donnie I love you so much wish I could have been at Full Service to get my Face Time  Next Time I guess
Out of Time (the Torchwood episode) always makes me cry. 
&quot;The Time Traveler's Wife&quot; trailer is up. She's not a readhead in the movie.  http://bit.ly/rmy0l
Good mornin! Time for work! 
sad to say, the new All Time Low song sucks ass. 
Time to go to the gym for a serious workout   Hate it but need it 
40x100 @1.25. Nice. Time to go to work now 
damn the Insanely LONG Backup Time problem is back with the 3.0 firmware 
Time trap.  Have patience with me.
Effing endless problems with Visio. It's tangling all my lines up now  Time to find something more suited to this methinks
Time to make the doughnuts!  Back to work 
Exhausted from the trip to Houston this weekend, but no time for rest.  Time to buckle down for work.
Waited in for package that didn't arrive and now the weather sucks  Early ride tomorrow I guess. Time to cook...
@everyone;;; So Who Exactly Is coming;;; &amp; At What Time!? I'm Really Confused;;; &amp; I cna't Find My Bread Pan! 
Time to check out of the hotel and WAIT.  
Time to go back to reality. Leaving the Vegas 
Wife just dropped her 2-month-old E71 down the toilet. It fizzed and died. Time to test the phone insurance methinks 
Ii wanna go to All Time Low video shoot with @petewentz 
Pool time is over. Time to get ready for work 
Time to get ready for work.. Boo 
I lost 3 followers today  Time 2 whore it up! #hot #horny #Sexy #wild #WideOpen #oral Wait a sec! That's gonna attract the wrong followers
Time for bed... new ball game tomorrow. Hair, nails and tragic tales 
That's it.... I just turned 22.... Time to get the slippers on, a glass of Scotch in-hand, and a pipe 
Just got home.  Time to sleep. Tried calling friends but phone is iffy 
Traffic is asking for my car to get reffed even though officer told me it wouldn't be neccessary. Fuckers. Time to go talk to the judge 
What a crappy day.  Time to relax!  Sim 3 sounds fun 
986 channels and nothing to watch   Time for Hulu.  hey #hulu when you making a set top box?
Time for sleep!!  320 Mile drive in the morning 
Time for supper and some WOW. Management is hard. 
Time for Conan &amp; then Jimmy. I hope they cheer me up. 
@witenike Time zones are no fun!   Good night, friend!
Time to sleep! Football camp in the morning... Then a consult with my orthodonist surgeon 
@VirtuAllin Time Warner over here, but I'm thinking there has GOT to be a rerun somewhere! I think we missed the last two episodes or so. 
Damn you AT&amp;T I want the iPhone 3GS but I don't got 500 bones to drop on it. Time for sad face. 
my last twitter tag for the day my fellow tweet tweeters. Time to do some maths homework. Yay  Dream come true ey?
STILL no Time-Lost.  Seriously, I will get him someday!
hmmm Time Machine is yelling at me to back up - last time I had to close, well everything 
Not well  ... No Revision/Exams today...No Xbox LIVE...Time to catch up on some stuff, make some videos etc....
Ahh  Time for me to have a stress meltdown!! I'm gonna fail English and Drama  WHY didn't I do all this stuff earlier :'( *swears lots*
is in the park with Laura having lunch! Time to go back to work though 
the saddest thing ever just happend. apparently, The Land Before Time is supposed to come on HBO, and im not subscribed to it  noooo
My head must have gotten bigger... the Optimus Prime helmet doesn't fit like it used to  Time to adjust the straps...
Time to play some Prototype, And I really hate getting achievement offline without time stamps 
The house we loved in Austin has foundation problems - oh well   Time to start looking again.
Slept through devos...oops. Time for staff breakfast and saying goodbye to my coworkers. 
Time in BK. Just time with my Cuzzo.  &quot;We all hear of people passing away but we never think of us being that person &quot;  R.I.P
I'm the happy owner of The Truth and Thief of Time. Corgi books. Aunt remembered. She also remembered ballet shoes and make up, tough 
Time for the last ride  sad times! Back to lough after another ride on Rita
is kinda upset that I have to come in tomorrow  I had plans with some friends  UGH; Break Time!!
Just discovered I left my Rent bible and Rappy's book in Newcastle  But I do have The Time Traveler's Wife, so all is not lost.
OMG i can't believe it's only 11am.  Time passes way too slowly when you're sick at home, laying in bed, staring at the ceiling. 
Time to &quot;selfkill&quot;! Format c:\ ;) (How I wish to have a Mac) 
@AleksB i miss you too, boo   last memory i have of you--shaking your bum on the Time Out dance floor *smile*
Time for a smoke and c if there's any food left to fix for dinner. Pantry is drying up 
Time to sleep... Ok I already missed my bed time  good night world
no internet 2night. Thanks Time Warner  Charlie
Time for bed - Twitter bullsh*t antennae are on overload 
Time for bed. Up in 6hrs for a 3hr drive, 8hr OB, night away, another OB, another 3hr drive, then home for a day. Then repeat 
ugh, xbl down till atleast 12 (At Night) Pacific Time!! Great! 
Lady GaGa dance party. Sad @RyanLollis went home  Time to meet a new friend for the two of us. MUHAHAHAHAHA!
is totally bummed that he might have to lose Uverse when he moves...don't wanna go back to Time Warner.  
Time to call it a night! Back to work tomorrow 
laying in bed.  My back is starting to hurt again.  Time for more pills.  
I went to the bookstore today cause I wanted to read the Time Traveler's Wife. The damn novel was sold out. 
On vacation! Finally Summer is here! Time to enjoy the family...oh and have to paint that Kitchen that Sandy's been asking me about 
@GradualReport Seems that youtube means it this time. Really going to miss the Gradual Report.  Time to move on eh Danny boy?
Time to go to work. Let's hope it goes quicker than yesterday. It's also lashing rain  can't wait to have a nap when i get home
It is 17 June 09, 0351 Pacific Time. Still no iPhone 3.0 update. 
Time to work  no just and so on...SMS?
Time to jump in the shower! I never got to my MySpace  I was stuck on ADT forever, but I Looove it!
Was just about to hit my stride work-wise this morning and ran into a snag.  Time to troubleshoot corrupt mySQL tables 
Happy birthday to Chastity.. She's 13 today... Time flies 
Time to go to work...ugh.  Oh, and by the way...#peterfacinelli
Back from work woo hoo! Time for the gym not so woo hoo 
was on hold with IRS for 28 minutes...got through, then my call was dropped! Time to start over again. 
The inevitable has happened. I just realized I'm lazy today and must challenge myself. Time to clean the house.  Yuck.
#bonktown had some sweet Time carbon shoes for $50!!! Euro 45 would have been too big 
In other news, days like today never last as long as I want them to. I hate this situation sometimes  Time for vino &amp; WW to cheer me up.
Numb/Encore... getting ready song. Haha! No transportation currently  Time to use my feet.
At Subway with @amandagelso and they have no bathroom  FAILLL. Also, they lied...show's not til 6:30. Time to kill time
Nooooooo Time of Your Life (Good Riddance) by Greeday just came on. Hofstraaaaaa 
Such a looooong stressful weekend... can't believe I survived it... Time to RELAX! But so sad to be alone 
alrite breakfast and internet searching done. Time to get into the study. Exam is 5.45pm tomoro night  still so much time... sigh
Just talked to the fam for an hour and a half. Time well spent. Wish I could zip over to Colorado for a quick trip. 
Battery low   Time out for 20 minutes.
Is that frozen dinner upset my tummy  maybe not such a good idea. Time for bed. Night night. Working 8 to 5 tomorrow.
@LEKI26 Aww, sorry   If you have Time Warner Cable, try Entertainment on Demand or maybe you can watch it online.
Well I am really bored. I have the need to grind and lvl my druid, but I cant afford a WoW Time Card. 
@Mosso FireUploader thru Time-Warner RoadRunner. Speed maxed @  512kbps. It's their fault, not yours. Trying to thwart P2P filesharing. 
I stepped on Tina  I didn't see her in my bed. Good day, great night. Time to sleep so I can get up and do what I have to.
Tummy lurgy has passed. Time for midnight spaghetti! I really wish I knew how to cook something other than spaghetti or soup 
Needs to see All Time Low soon 
Site is still down  but will be up by at least 5:00pm GMT Time!
Eating lunch listening to Stormwitch. Time for a dogwalk before I go back to bed. Have a cold to cure 
Ouch!! Sore neck is getting more sore  Time for painkillers by the handfull)
http://twitpic.com/7pc4t - She took the Pic at the Wrong Time!  She never listens. lol
Nighty night Aussies, love you. Time difference sucks 
Ugh still in bed. Don't wanna go to work  Time to get up &amp; get ready with the quickness. Morning twitterland!
Time to get ready for work. Ugh  its such a vicious cycle...
Got a great start on work. Time for lunch / P90X break. Only 3 more days left. 
Still in work... All on my lonesome now  It's a bit weird and very quiet. Off to Manc Airport in a bit... Parental Time
I got the day off tomorrow, woohoo! Sad news is, my best bud is leaving for 2wks!!  who's gonna help me pack!? Time to roll up m'sleeves.
All Time Low's new song is not that great  I'm disappointed. Cobra Starship on the other hand has 2 new songs that are awesome sauce!!
buffet was awesome, unfortunately no Kid Time 
Also, I started playing Prince of Persia: Sands of Time, and I'm at about 35% of the game progress. 
Time to head to work. Just as I was enjoying cutting up samples. 
Time to make some moves Lou. The cubs stink. 
aying with lincoln logs now. Oh sweet the power is back on now. Time to do school 
Bed Time! Only 4 hurs sleep last night  so night x
Time to check in Paris flights again. So not cool how priceline is trying to play me 
Time to attempt to make firm middle-aged woman buns. Sorry, @thinguy, no two-a-day today. 
@Oatmeal Restore / Time Machine  ?
Bugger. Time for the looong walk home 
Time to go say goodbye to Shannon. 
Temp is now 103.2.  Time to break out the Advil.  Don't think I'm going to sew tonight like I planned.    Just gonna sit and shiver.
He's super tall next to Cat, too. Time for a bad rapper 
Guess #QuickPwn again won't come out tonight  Time to sleep. Wake me up when it's there. #jailbreak #quickpwn
&quot;i tried to give you up, but i'm addicted&quot; - Muse(Time is Running Out)...iPhone 
Sadly, no Face Time tonight. A horrid cold hit me like a ton of bricks. Off to bed for rest. 
Woop gt 20 followers and iPod touch 3.0 gt twitterific working agan smiles all round... Time to go to school 
Time for bed. Ugh i feel weird. And i have to go to school tomorrow 
just finished a new website for Dad's company! Time for bed...haven't felt well all day 
fell asleep on the couch downstairs. Awake now because I fell asleep on the couch downstairs  Time for bed.
Time for breakfast,then off to the Police Station!! Chased by a siren yesterday for using mobile 'phone while driving 
Midsummer! Time for schnapps, herring and...rain 
Good morning people  wow my tooth thats growing in, is really bothering me. Its so swollen  Time to get ready for work now...
*Time to get back to moving house. Unfortunately i have2 sacrifice my Tweet life in order to do so  *
yay. weekends. I can't wait until school's over. I need to find my book, the Time Traveler's Wife, as well as my glasses. 
Its 4:25........ Time for sleep. Im sofa king we totted, i dropped my toothbrush in the toilet 
Every Time i breathe Foster is on my Case lol..Being Forced to do this c.work is notttt good 
@parlai ABSOLUTELY! SECOND Time the under 18's have been rejected 
Morning Twit City! Time to get it in today. The weather fr today HOT lol it's beach day. But first school 
ATM card is not working so all I had for lunch was an apple and a cup of tea. Time to call the bank again 
@severitt That's SO exciting. I want one so bad but I don't even have the right service to get one.  Time for a switch? haha.
My henna tattoo is fading...   Time to get it touched up!  Anyone know of a good place around SLC?
Worried about CSE lab test and the phonetics class test... Time's closing upon me... 
Uploading to YouTube now. Time remaining: about 26 minutes. Blah 
@jordanknight Time to rally the Knight troops again, you're at #2   http://bit.ly/G8Er7
Hurray! I can go home at last!! I'm only back here in 8 hours!  Time to brave manchesters early drunks.!
want to watch Dusk Till Dawn but i dont have it  Time to search Garions DVDs!!
Pedicured! New pants arrived and they do not fit.  Time for the all-water diet.
Why Do i have to Fricking Complicate things all the Fricking Time 
Time for bed  work tomorrow up Brum. G'night tweeps!
@ms_cornwall only 3 kids, that's enough though. Will be 30 come the end of the year... Time is moving on now, feel old 
This is officailly the worst party i have ever been 2.   ~Summertime Is Tha Best Time~
Finished cleaning. Time for a nap. Sister is leaving tomorrow for a summer in France. 
Time for bed.... Stupid I30 speedway 
is it just me or does &quot;All Time Low&quot; sound like a boyband now?  no me gusta!
Leg sprain, yet again. Hmm, does it relate to some abnormalities in Kidney/Liver/digestive system? Time to visit a doc  #me
Time's running fast. Better do something or I'll regret not doing anything productive today. 
Time for bed. Really wanting Dustin to feel better! It makes me so sad to see him this sick 
G'night. Can't come up with anything. Time to close Microsoft Word. 
I finally gave up trying to txt/im this wonderful lady I am so crazy about. She's either at work or asleep. Time to get back to my art 
...man, i want some Taco Time. 
Darn. The bookstore I went to earlier didn't have The Time Traveler's Wife. They ran out of stocks. 
Up for work..  tired. Shit. I overslept by like 20 mins!! Time to hurry and get ready now 
Half time and the Lions under pressure. Time to get another beer 
Time for bed - not seeing the end of Con Air  
Continuing  with the Exchange Recovery today. Attempts to get the RAID functioning last night failed. Time to rebuild from scratch 
Good morning!!... Time to put the winter clothes away and bring up the summer clothes.. 
Did a rescue job last night: 16th birthday. Rescuing myself this morning: just woke up. Time for brekdist. Wishing they had paid w/ cash. 
Slept in. Time to get up and do some yardwork 
Been totally slacking on my Twitter updates. Only in China for one more day though. Time went too fast 
At last! I survived Calculus. Time to paint my plate. 
Time to go back to work  Off at 7!
Ran 5K this morning - Time: 40 min   Rest tomorrow. Monday starts the training for Hana Relay (God help me!)
Time to head out for my bike ride.  Forecast now has increase chance of precipitation later this afternoon 
Pool time was great and much needed. Time for work now 
Strange, usually on Saturday I can find Real Time with Bill Maher online 
had to say Adios to Mexico this afternoon... Time to return to the casa. 
finally emma is asleep so I'm not annoyed. Sims commercial keeps coming on so now I'm excited to play tonightt! Time is going slow though 
I've been hooked on cnn coverage of Iran all day.  Time to get up now though &amp; get to the movies. Give you my review of TETRO later.
Bets friend left  Now Real Time with Bill Maher!
Time to go nightnight. I'm gonna go play w/ my bigbig bro Hankabear and Hercules and Gretchie.  I miss you, Gretchie.   bunches.
Time for sleep.  Maybe I will be less blah in the morning.  
I think I dl'd most of the modules needed.  Time for some gaming to distract me from tender boobage. Oww. 
Time to Pretend... 
Time for bed!!    Nite all, tweetcha later.
Time to go &quot;home!&quot; But where is Tommy! Count my money negro!!! I'm tiiiiired!!! 
Bed time. Party went as &quot;planned.&quot; Time for work in less than 6 hrs... 
The fun is over. Time to say bye to Kris 
Back ache is back again  Time to sleep
Wii fit (no big losses/gains  ) -check. Hoovering -check. Time to get ready to go out and research more on oauth 1.0a 
That was SUPPOSED to say *territorial disagreement*.  Fat fingers syndrome strikes again!     I need caffiene.  Time for an ice cold soda.
@CarolineVReed work will still be there tomorrow my dear  See how chilled out I am  Time for my poolside gin and tonic... 
exporting video. Time for a hot chocolate. Sh*t its raing 
Okay.. Time difference SUCKS  Singing the song from SNL 'Africa' LOL
@fallen_in_love_ Every Time Lol! Amy doesnt feel well and needs Mcfly to make her feel better 
i loved the book The Time Traveler's Wife.  eric bana is just not my type, though.    not looking forward to the movie like i was before.
Killing time before heading to the beach! Story of my life for the next couple weeks... Then starting work... Time to grow up 
@flashingpirate I know  thought I was gonna have to wait until later to watch it but HD channels are on Eastern Time, so I'm watching now!
Time for more Wii Fit!  It is so hot in our room... ugh 
Ok. Time for bed. No more late night phone calls again. The joys of working mornings, no weekday social life 
OH NO. Instead of ecological issues written in my notebook, I found myself doodling Yami. I&quot;m so screwed. Time for an all nighter. 
@DarthSLR  Time to make lemonaide, Nik!
Time to run for my ride. Tweet at ya tomorrow! No laptop until Friday. 
Time for a nap!  Slept maybe 3-4 hours the entire night and it was restless at that.  Grrrr
I guess our server is putting me in the corner for a time-out, a 504 Gateway Time-out 
Woke up and hour ago :/ Time to job hunt 
The Land Before Time gets me every time. 
Time to clean. By the way, I fucking hate my short ass hair. 
Just woke up after a 3 hours sleep... Time to prepare to go to finish some paper work for the Army, and then go to work  I need vacation!!
Morning all! Cloudy day in Wiltshire today  Time for tea &amp; toast before anything else this morning!
Time for bed...then out tomorrow for @usacarolin's last night here before she moves back to Germany 
Listen to &quot;Weightless&quot; by All Time Low. I've had it on repeat a lot lately. It's currently the story of my life 
Almost midnite! Time for bed. Parents are in room, and chores await me to be done. No time for BF or BFF tomorrow. 
Tweet overload! Too many tweets per minute from the 300 odd followers of mine. Time to trim? 
Drizzle and then heavy rain  good night. Time 4 sleep.
@comcastcares just caught wind of the Comcast/Time Warner online portal plans. I pitched the same idea to my company an got shot down 
Why is the Ocarina of Time so expensive? 
Time to get my day started I need to hit up Robeks for a smoothie. O yea I think I have a new crush lol but he aint got twitter 
Good morning. Time for school 
Time for some excercise (or close enough). Where is my good DDR pad? Someone moved it 
Laptops fixed!!! Lost everything on it tho  :@ Time to get downloading!
@Time_Decay I don't think so either 
Talking to a GAGOV candidate in about an hour. Time to figure out exactly what questions I want to ask him... SOOO many, not enough time! 
Survived the night time gherkins.  Heads swimming with ideas this morning.  Only a few of them are actually workable. Time to get busy! 
Today was so great.  My roommate and I played some soccer and I also got a nice run in on this sunny day  Time for some reading and sleep.
@aswinanand Well, we are on the verge of ruining this planet completely. Time we started working on another, dontya think? 
Time for bed! Sleeping to Thursday  pretty stoked for school tomorrow. Goodnight all!
Made a Time Table for Blogging for the first time! Hope it works well for me 
Time to sleep!!!  Nyt SoCal!!! See yah in 3 weeks!!!Have a blessed Holy Week!!! =D
Okay, that last  tweet was a retweet from @MauiMichael -- got his name tied up to the the word Madness. Time to go to bed. G'night! 
Time to fly! Ord-dca-ord-clt 16hrs clt-ord-iad-mco 13hrs mco-ord hm in time for date night 
@Future_Echoes 2TB Time Machine 
@rewebcoach Hey there, Handsome! Time to get this day going! 
Time again to head North for a few days !!! however just one test this week 
Snow today! Time to get up and out!  
@dink9966 Losing those 2 guys is huge, but you gotta deal with it.  Time to call up Weber for the PP &amp; Price to take some NyQuil  #habs
http://twitpic.com/2ydkg - Time to bust out the Green Wing 
Home computer is down. I feel so naked without it. But at least I have plenty of time for other stuff now. Time to finish some Wii games. 
Time for sleepy-sleep. My dad is gonna be here tomorrow. 
Wow, it's 11 already! Sleepy Time 
@Street3 My friend, I think @The_Gov is right. Time to call a taxi. Good thing the phone is there in your hands. 
Ebanks-blake again! Premiership here we come! Time 2 shine up the champions trophy u baggie boys 
@shrdlu You know what, you're right. Time to find something constructive/productive to do.  Thanks! I needed that.
Angry and anxious  Time to do some biking and blow some steam off 
Time for breakfast and tea! White tea! 
Blog updated (and it's a proper blog now)    Time to get ready for the reception - 6 days to go
I'm mixed up in poker and sex. Wonder if I can keep up with both... The sun is setting down in my today's city. Time to play 
@nlsimpson My bad! It's like 1am here!  Hahaha. Time zone's messed up. LOL.
Just got back from my grand daughter's 2nd birthday - I survived  Boy was she cute. Time for work now!
@NikkiBenz You too! 90 tomorrow! Time to get outside 
Time to watch the inbetweeners  Watched Crank on thursday instead. What a movie! So ridiculous but actually very well made 
Man it's hot outside. Time for L to eat and nap. Might nap with him 
Time to get ready!  Dinner and date with hubby tonight! 
My iTunes is set is to fade the next track into the previous one, which means I've just assumed this was a long track. Time for a change! 
Ah HA!!  I got my phone back AND got my tire fixed!  Yay!   Time to get back out and ride *checks clock*... tomorrow!
@cassieventura Party Time!! 
Time for bed. I have to get up earlyish in the morning... :/  Good night, peeps. 
Time to say goodnight  ... Trying to come up with an idea of something cool/fun/different to do for my birthday this year. Any ideas??
Iv spellt max payne three differnt ways in the past few tweets. Time to go work cya all in 9 hours 
listening now to All Time Low. 
Time For Bed.... 
4 miles around the park &amp; the Technica boots w/ Goretex successfully kept feet dry. Rest of me...not so much. Time for hot shower &amp; sleep 
Oh Ron White....  Time for bed now, methinks.
Good morning! Time to get up. Spending the morning with the Lill Niece and weather looks lovely again 
listening to the  Baby One More Time album and loving all the songs!  wheee
just got some much needed rest after 3 days of insomnia. no more crankiness, that's just not me  Game Time!
@ArabCrunch you owe me an email and invitation to connect.    BTW, your account should be working again.  Time for bed at last.
I woke to a sale  But I still have had no response from someone who bought a card the other day and did not pay. Time to send a PayPal msg
Time for lunch. Mutton here I come  . Will be back later
Well - that whole trip went swimmingly. I was there for like 3 minutes and left. No fun. Anyways, busy day tomorrow. Sleep Time  Love you!
Parents Are Out ! Singy Sing Time 
Time for my weekly hard drive backup. Carbon Copy Cloner to do the job again 
Time for chores.  Remember .. re-use, recycle, and save trees - buy wombat paper   http://tinyurl.com/d8qwdh
Time for bed, now I need to get up off the couch.. Night twitterland 
@Nicoleugenia mostperfectpopsong Golden Brown V'Good Choice. Wish I'd remeberd it. Time to find that CD from attic 
Just thinking and wondering...Time for the hot tub  Did you ever wonder how I have Leads coming out my ears? http://bitly.com/K6hU
Time to get ready for church.  meeting with friends after.  A Beautiful Day in Idaho 
Time to eat some gross Taco Bell! 
Time to get up get out and get fresh for the world. Put on my Sunday best and stroll down the street smiling 
- Time 2 cook lunch  Pan-fried lemon pepper chicken breast strips w/ honey mustard sauce, corn, deviled eggs, cornbread, &amp; sweet tea. Mmm!
'after' pics of aubergine bake @cookeryclub http://twitpic.com/3lwq8 http://twitpic.com/3lwqn Time to NOM!  #cookingwithtwitter
OH YAY. I have 70 people following me! Thanks everybody~!   In other news, I'm replaying through Ocarina of Time.
@k8dt Your Time after Time is really good! Didn't know I added such a talented person to my tweetstream. 
Water, time, and a ton of greasy food have saved my life. Time to nap all day and be generally unproductive 
its offically 4/20 in MI. Time to light up 
Time to go shopping!!!...Daughter left this morning too...need some retail therapy always helps when I am missing someone 
Finishing up history, haha wow. wanting to watch Time Between Dog and Wolf right now so bad... @kawaiixsarang HEY LEI! 
@StuFFmc The &quot;Time Traveler&quot; is *easy* too, but so funny 
Finally goin 2 sleep... Starting a new regimin* sp? 2moro w my man. Time to work hard n get fit for summer!  YAY!
Time to taste what I cooked! Dinner time!!! 
Time to hit bed...! Good night 
New Apple &quot;Get a Mac&quot; ad: Time Traveler http://tr.im/jdxp ...nice one 
Door closing. Time to push back for DFW. Slow load today. A lot of &quot;Monday&quot; going around after a gorgeous weekend, I guess. 
@enygma MyOracleSQL Standard Edition One. Time to look into Drizzle maybe? 
had a great weekend! Time to start a new, productive week! Enjoy your day folks! 
Time to sleep early! Good night friends! Take care always! 
Good night all my twitter bugs - Time for bed 
Yeah T just go to http://www.youravon.com/sallyparker    Thanks for your order!!   Time to go to bed, tomorrow comes real early 
Appreciate and respect the ones you love! With that being said - good night. Time to catch some zZZs. 
Just had a 5 hour rehearsal!!! My body hurts!!!! Time for a long shower!!! 
yay! i can't wait for The Time Traveler's Wife Movie.    http://plurk.com/p/pbxup
Lunchtime already. Time is passing by fast today 
Ok I'm out! Gonna go watch Bed Time Stories with the family &amp; Lisa    Peace see u tomorrow!
Why are there no good movies on TV when I need one? Time to break out the Wedding Singer DVD, I guess 
Time for bed. Nite all. 
@1st_Time_Caller Hope you enjoy it,if only for Hugh.But he may be getting too buff for my taste.Don't expect art,just a fun summer flick 
is truly going to bed now. Night World. Time for some dreams. 
Time for bed. See ya tomorrow! 
Time for beddy bye. Until tomorrow...Be safe &amp; happy 
Found the full set list for the concert in two weeks.  Time to make a playlist and get back to homework.
morning all... do I have a Time Team fest or go out, I'll let the weather decide.. fyi it looks like rain 
@Time_Doctor thx for the follow- and when I have time I definitely want to learn from your site 
I'm tired! Time for sleep! Today's CookBook's b-day! Wish that foo a happy one @CookBookthePR 
has been &quot;yes&quot;ed on Tagged  Time for some celebration.
Now I'm watching Episode 3of 4, of &quot;The simpsons&quot; Party Time! 
@VictoriansRule Time alone is seldom a waste    Sometimes we need a break even from the ones we love.
Magic mountain was fun. Counting my blessings and thanking the lord for every one. Time for some shut eye 
Time to go Nighty with my boo.. 
Wahoo! Leonie returns victorious! Another two pages of book complete! Time for a book-writing dance, then possibly bed 
@narrowcurves re FB request. Me too. Time to prune those status's and wall posts before you say Yes 
Prom is today.  Time for the worlds fastest shower!
So, I saw X-Men Origins: Wolverine last night. Pretty damn good, I must say. Time for work! 
Awake. Time to make 2 dozen cupcakes for the Derby party, and study the ponies for my bets  Baking first. I love Derby day.
Loveley day in Newquay! Time for some frisbee methinks  http://twitpic.com/4ehn2
is going to STATE solo/ensemble today!!!!! Time to go get a 1. 
Now Karlsruhe city!!! Shopping  the sun is shining!!! Time to drink something outside!!!!
It's a new day. Time to sit and do nothing for 15 hours. I'm gonna be at home all day. Call me if you wanna talk. 
Dinner - Time!! Yummy, yummy  see ya later...kiss kiss
Time Warner updated their signal and did tell us(me &amp; my router). As a result, my router wouldn't speak to my modem for days... 
I love &quot;Time Warp&quot; on Discovery...what a cool show!! If you haven't checked it out, I suggest you watch now. 
Time to head out. Should be a good night, going to my friends, ordering some food and drinking white russian cocktails. Sweet! 
Time for LOST with @Jersina, as usual, hehe! We are on the first disc of Season 3 now! So excited. 
Time to work outside. Gotta finish prepping the deck, tomorrow is painting day. Ahhh Spring.  
Headin 2 vegas 4 the fight! Time 4 sum Pacman! Flight is packed with Filipinos  Pinoy pride! http://twitpic.com/4f7rx (via @Aryty)
Time for bed after I watch that knock out on my DVR one more time. 
Time for bed. Work from 12-7 tomorrow. Come see me! I hope it rains. A thunderstorm would be nice 
The Time Of My Life ~ Great voice, awesome song, really inspiring! Gives me goosebumps!  xox ? http://blip.fm/~5grjo
Time to shut down for the night!  Twitter is better than I thought it would be.  
@saltwatertype .... Fine, I will just pull the Time is human construct argument? 
Time for some applesauce  YUM!!!
Aite, fun while it lasted! Time 2 drift off into the twittersphere... &amp; don't think I forgot, 5mins long past due! Guess no twitpic 4 u! 
Went out for a brief while that turned into an hour and a half event.   Time for a shower!
@iwishiwascasey haha Awesome ;) I'm also super stoked on the new All Time Low album coming sometime soon hehe and the blink-182 reunion 
Time for a little bit of Photoshop practice for me today, I think 
Great night with all my faves  but way too full and tired towards the end. Time to make up for my 4 hrs of sleep in 2 days!
Breakfast-Time...miam 
Goodafternoon all.  Time for week reflection now, meaning I have to iron. Happily not  the whole summer collection like  last week 
Time to get kids into bed then some quiet time for me.... Its a nice night in Perth tonight 
Sun rays are burning my bed blankets. Time to pile them at the closet depths. I officially declare Summer has arrived! 
Church! Time to dance  is cd jungle open today?? Anyone??
Back home!! Time to track down the woman 
Time to get some sleep...long night...leaving Greektown. Goodnite 
@concretebadger I've just watched and 'Blogged Time of Eve 4 myself - Absolute genius, can't wait to read your take on it. 
@Krustycook Welcome to the Bottomless Pit of Darkness and Time-Suckage... 
Hello to a new day! Time for Starbucks 
Got lost again, but made it without paying for parking again.  Time for another sweetass day.
Today's blog has the recipe from yesterday's Fun Time with Mommy day.   http://bit.ly/orlqw
@23graeme23 Time to head to ye old Irish Pub.   Always wanted to see Ireland just to drink in a real pub.  We got a lot of fake ones in US
Hot day in Florida!  Time for some A/C!!  Thanks for following!  You're great!  
Tired from a long and boring day at work. Time for some Strategy gaming 
Time for bed! Have the early shift tomorrow! 
Email box tamed down (a bit anyway), had a yummy PB&amp;J with cold milk and a got a note written to a really good friend.  Time for bed. 
Anyone want to join for some Dim Sum?   Time to eat! It is Monday afternoon here, another relaxing day ahead.
a cool day on the bay today, light winds and a few showers. Time to put the SeaDoo away, quick rinse down and off to watch American Idol 
Time to read a bit of Hitchhiker's Guide before sleeping; such a classic, 
Alright. Time for bed. School in the mor- oh wait. 
Time to push off the screen now. Tada! 
Putting the phone down and the Mac away.. Time for a few good much needed hours of sleep.. Until tomorrow.. 
Time for bed, just uploaded part one of my new chapter  You can read it in the morning Kim.  hehe, Night twitterers!!
Just started on the 'Trial of a Time Lord' rewatch for 'ice_and_rage' (yeah, I'm behind) -- should be fun! 
I just realized that I am 15 days away from my 2 year wedding anniversary! Time flies! I love Mike! 
Okie doke!! Time for me to escape for the North while Massa's back is turned. Be on when I get home folks 
better finish off an order for this little guy first tho   http://tinyurl.com/cltln9 Time to go   Cheerio an Drasda!
Chilling out....now the boys have gone  Time To Relax
Rise and shine  Time to get prettifide.
get it right! I think I am obsessed with Hydes' voice @_@  I've chosen a guitar song to learn for the summer! Time to perfect picking! 
Oh, yes... Happy NINE year annivarsary to Hanson's second studio album, &quot;This Time Around.&quot; 
@limheeian iPhone is awesome man!! Time to join the Apple cult!! 
In a @HANSON mood.. Listening to the older stuff... This Time Around. Not that old but old enough. 
Time to get off the puter. Nite all. 
Time to put the weapons on the charger for the night.  Sleep tight 
@KrustyCanuck Time for some Halo3 then? 
I Love All Time Low 
@lanaclevermomme @thepalmgifts i love that show. I would totally go on Time Bandit #deadliestcatch TPG:&quot;Love ocean, crab legs suspense&quot; 
Time to nap w/my giant, early birthday present, Pooh Bear stuffed animal 
nice turn of phrase from @samsoir &quot;Wakey wakey eggs and bakey! Time for coffee and the back to code!&quot; have fun at  #openhacklondon today 
Twas a good show. I even liked Ciara's last song.   Time for me to go to bed. G'night!
Winding Down for the night. Rode the duc home from a B.B.Q. at my pops house. Time to pass out as soon as the adrenaline wears off!!!  
Good night everyone...... Time to go mimmiz...... 
Time to wind down and relax a little.  I can only change the world a little through Twitter each evening.  The rest will be up to others. 
Listening to Weightless by All Time Low. Thanks to @Katarinahj for making me listening to it! 
OK. Done with Sunday morning findings. Time to enjoy the sunny day 
Headache is gone,thank god!Time for tea i think 
Time to give that special call to my mom  Let's hope i make her day!
Time to sleep after watching 3 Gossip Girl episodes in a row! Can't wait 4 the new one on Tuesday  Good night &amp;&amp; once again, HMD xoxo
I think I'm in love with All Time Low. Forever and ever.  don't wanna work at 9am though...
Ok enough emo-ing. Time to eat! 
YEY! Finally some sunshine. Time for bottom painting with toxic paint! 
Got back from the gym...had an awesome workout! Time for some tech 
Wake up! Time to go to farmers market. 
Time for a #math #puzzle   1,2,6,42, 1806 _   What's the next number in the sequence?  Answer here: http://bit.ly/qBTlQ
@michellechance Yes, doing well thanks! Getting way too hot here. Time to hibernate for summer. 
Had a fun day!  Super tired. Time for a nap, and then the gym! 
Time Warner Cable - fast download 15.4mbps, really slow upload 54kbps. Live support busted, MS SQL error '80040e14'. Very helpful 
Time to go... Honey.. I will bring u to home 
Okay. Time for bed. Tweets in the morning. That's if I remember 
Pistol keeps barking at my reflection in the mirror. Time to cover it up and get some sleep. Silly little dog. 
@thetiniestowl Ahhh let me know if you like it! (Time Traveler's Wife). Soooooo good 
@cabrants nice. Locals will be better at the game. We play. All. The. Damn. Time. 
Ho hum. Time to create stuff 
@jonasbrothers Time to come to Australia? 
I think I had one cocktail too many last night!! Ooooh my head! Time for a bath I think 
Time for bed  Peace out!
Woohoo my girlfriend is coming over to visit me.  Time for me to find a hotel. Any recommendations for one near Central?
Exam Time: only 3 more then I have a law degree 
Time to wake everyone up  I love to sing really loud or turn on all the lights. Drives my daughter crazy lol Sammy goes to the zoo today!
10 minutes yay Home Time ooooo can't wait  Bye ppl xx 
Heard a busking saxophonist playing &quot;Time Out&quot; at the Navy Yard metro this morning: http://bit.ly/3I8Kp6  Awesome 
Time to sleep.. Need to get ready for volleyball training tomorrow morning. 
thank god for Every Time I Die 
Its raining out. So, I worked out with the Fit Tv show &amp; OMG I'm about to collapse... I'm tired... Time For a Psanchez815 &quot;MRP&quot;  
Time  to chillout from eBay and play some Battlefield 1942 
The Gareth Pearson arrangement of Time to Pretend by MGMT is gorgeous. It's all-guitar. 
@davidgideon I will heed your advice; Thank you   Time is too precious.....
Non-trivial muscle soreness from today's hike. Time for bed &amp; books... 
Time to call it a night!  long day...good laughs. Want more of these days. 
tonight was epic!  All Time Low tomorrow, super stoked! listening to some secret secret dino club and getting ready for bed, night loves&lt;3
Time Check: 2:05 pm.. be back later --- LUNCH! 
@dazzleme18 Awww, Im glad you love Hanson, too!  They're awesome! If the last you've heard was This Time Around, tho, you've missed a LOT!
@JohnDylanger OMG! Ren &amp; Stimpy? I have all the DVD's from Time Warner...you're too funny! 
Is taking the day for &quot;Me-Time&quot; everyone needs some of it regularly. If you don't enjoy your own company you have a problem  lol
Bell ring.. Time to go for quick jog &amp; workout  ...
Thank you Time Machine, updated Skype and had probs. Deleted it and restored with TM.. 
Sun is out and drying up rain. Time for garden. 
looking for pictures of the guys from Every Time I Die so i can draw them 
The Joker w. Fried Hairrrr !! Lma0, what a way 2 wake up! Haha,waking upp. Time 2 get ready for my nieces baptism!  yayy MiLA A. L.
@Time4CoffeeTime Did you remember to put #coffeetime on the blip? 
I love it, It's Shower Time!, is now following me on Twitter 
@girljungle Thanks. My whole body aches from moving all that dirt. Time to take drugs! 
loves her boyfriend.    Work today 3:00- 10:00 at Ice Cream Time.
What a morning oversleeping- speeding, running, out of gas, slaving away at LAX for 3hrs. Time for some breakfest and to relax all day 
Just woke up with my little sisters foot in my face. Lol. Why do toddlers sleep like that. Lol. Time to cook breakfast  http://twitter ...
Time Bomb's lyrics leaked on the boards.  
#gonzpiration Oh awesome, Time after Time 
Just had a Time Out...yummy 
@Kilafairy Time difference means I just missed it, but happy birthday anyway  Where in MY are you?
Time to pick out what I want to see at SIFF: http://www.siff.net/index.aspx .  Several promising prospects.  &quot;Humpday&quot; looks amusing  
Bath Time 
Have given up and renamed it the &quot;Bloody Scanner&quot;. Time to cook dinner instead 
Time to make my way to the river. Hooray 
Time to vent my anger on Call of Duty 4, only 3 challenges left in the whole game. 
@Coriantura No worries - I've just been going through my morning ritual. Time for a shower, now. 
Time for yet another soccer game =]. A guy told me that because I'm a mother I shouldn't be playing any more! I looked @ him n LMFAO!!! 
Good afternoon Twitterland   I've been working around my house- doing some spring cleaning.  It needs it.  Time to make more coffee!
@LeosGifted1 Bout Time Lame...lol Good now I can Tweet you allllll day 
Time to pack up and get ready for lost  Anybody wanna chat?  Gizza text? 
@CoryBooker U were great on &quot;Real Time&quot;.  Excited for all the things you do for Jersey and ur enthusiasm.  It's contagious 
@photobird yes! also in top 5! And nerdy movie fact: book in serendipity (Love in the Time of Cholera) also referred to in High Fidelity 
Time to work on the yard. Will be back later 
hmm @ Artists...incase you Didnt Know...having your material written BEFORE you hit the studio...will save you LOTS of Time and Money 
Time for a sunday cruise along the Wasatch EightyAce with a side of BBQ &amp; topped off healthy dose of TWO game 7's 
Dinner done &amp; cleaned up, dishwasher going, flossed &amp; got DS into shower. Launch pad ready for Ds and Dh. Time for me.  #flylady
@stinkerpants LOL...Time to change the channel. Glad you're safe 
Time to go to bed so we can get up nice and early to leave tomorrow! Let's hope that everything works out ok 
Enough sitting behind my desk. Time to face my tasks and challenges for today. Happy to have them. 
Just finished taping my phone together. Yep, it's on it's last leg. Time for my iPhone, hint hint 
The sun is shining and the lunch is packed. Son is STILL asleep..... amazing! Time to tweet whilst I wait for him to get up 
Time to watch Kim,khloe and kourt on keeping up with the kardash! 
Just finished watching 'Mini's First Time'... Now getting ready to go out 
The weather is becoming better in Germany. I hope at your place as well. Time for romantic campfire scenes  http://tinyurl.com/25d7v5
@pnwfitness Ditto (re not being as lean as i want to be) Time to increase effort 
Time for bed... house is getting somewhat cleaner - yay for Spring cleaning -- and making space for more creativity and fun! 
#flylady  good morning  That's right, you guessed it:  Tea Time!!!
@nikpages Thanks bro, Exam was OK, not bad.. Time was the villan..  How was yours..?
its Sea Patrol Time Kids  lets all watch it! (been waiting for this to happen for weekkss)
Time to head off to go play Virtua Tennis!I definetly don't want to go a few bus stops too far off site like last time! 
Good morning twitterville  Time for work, peace out! hehe
CHOW for now friends! Time to get ready to make the doughnuts! 
#musicmonday Anberlin- Time and Confusion ! 
Lunch Time! Have a gazillion things to do... bust busy 
Good morning! Time to start off the week... preferably with some exercise. 
7yo on the bus and finished a bike sprint. Time to head to the office to watch EVA #5 and lead the team through a challenging task 
Good morning my twitter friends... Time for work again after a long vacation... 
Making some more coffee.  YUM!!!!!   Time to start my paperwork!!!!!
Time to Bump whilst High 
Time for work! Should be quite empty today, Y6's in France, lucky them! Does limit who i'll have to talk to though! I like to chat lots. 
@susanpruden I agree. Time to get a Mac!  
@wyclef Twitter Time 
Right, gotta go, as much as it pains me.  Time to do stuff.  C y'all later 
Water boiled. Time for some wake-me-up coffee. Ah, the nectar of the gods, as a colleague once called it. 
@RicoDanielle ei guys! tweetquesting for Back In Time (Kyla feat. JayR) and This Time (John Legend).. thanks! 
Ahhh...it feels good to be at work and NOT be stressed out about an upcoming event. Yeah...I'm chillin'  Time for my daily Clark Sisters!
This day is finally over. Took long enough. Time to hit the road 
#musicmonday Quietdrive - Time After Time  Perfect for a Rainy night!
My bones ache. Time to get to work, orders to print, tutus to make. Good morning all 
@collective_soul Long Time fan, Survey wouldn't work for me so.....just thought I would tell ya... 
Last night ruled. Music industry nights light a fire under me. Great mood, stunning day. Time to pack. 
Time for some shut eye. Good Night World. 
Time to go to sleep. My bestfriend graduates from CSUDH tomorrow! So excited and so proud. Pics tomorrow folks 
Good morning everyone. Time for a Costa 
off to get the UFC game today. Time for some sweaty grappling 
Time for some Beautiful Cooking with the Money Man tonight.  Laksa here I come... !
Time to go,  lesson is over  Tweet you later 
Invited my parents for dinner. Time to excel 
SHIT, Politics was hard! But 6 exams down, 4 to go  Time to start cramming Classics for this afternoon I think. The joy.
@redallisonblack I liked your duet with Cyndi Lauper to be the original version of Time After Time. 
American Pie The Wedding Time 
@stephenfry Gives you a nice surprise of some special and welcome spare time Mr Fry. Time is our most precious commodity  x x
It's rainy today. Maybe I will get around to recording some songs  Time goes so fast, will probably end up watching movies or something.
Time for the beach! Tra! 
'Cause It's Time To Party! 
RAK is so peacful  Went to pray and then visit my aunt Lunch was amazing need a lot of self control wen am here :p  Time for karak :p
Time to wake up @AnthonyBucca  Wake up babe, it's beach time!!
Can't believe #Friday is finally here  Time to spend some time with friends and family to Relax
Time to shower....then breakfast with the Channel 8 crew 
T.G.I.F  Weekend Time - Let's Go! Workin' it 9-5 then who knows! 
Just woke up. Time to own up some TF2 
Wuhooo!  Nature tripping tomorrow  Time to get some fresh air *inhale*
Time to do some PHP 
Time to relax . Need to rest a bit  .. downstairs in the living room then 
Sway Sway Better Win Next Time 
@LushOne Know if there is a complete list of every Grind Time battle ever? 
Time to head to Chincoteague. Bye bye civilization. See you on the flip side. 
@JayGreasley LOL didn't work though - never voted Conservative in my life  Totally agree with your previous tweet. Time for a revolution!
Its after 10... Time to call about a job interview. Booyah. 
Time to go drop off the Affidavit cd to get mastered. Its a good 
@kamahl928 @skatter Wow, looks like Wheel of Time it is. That seems to be the concensus. 
Time to go yet?  Sheesh  
Time to get busy with my Embroidery 
@bewitched1101 Rise and shine!  Time to wake the  day! 
One of the few upsides of an 8:30 final? Time to enjoy an omelette and the @okgazette afterward 
Awake   Time to seize the day.
It's new day...Time for new changes...Ready? Let's go!!! 
Time to continue playing RE5. Shoot = standing still feels awkward at 1st to an old FPS addict but hey, get to shoot zombies in the head. 
All Time Low is playing the detroit warped date. 
Having fun. Still meeting people. Time for bed! 
Time to Smooth It Up...with some R&amp;B... 
My school is on YouTube. O__o Time 4 some fun. 
Time 4 bed.....had to convert some GL epi's to my i pod to watch at work...I know, addicited...I am only gonna watch a couple of hours 
@FR_INC aromatic therapy all the way!  Time and place for everything of course.  
Was good to see @CharlesDoyon. Stoked for your big move buddy! Time to party in NY! Woot! 
Thankful to have a bible on my new Itouch. Time for overdue sleep 
Time to retire for the evening..... Tomorrow will be another beautiful day 
@Deadite9 Hooray! Time to find some gelatin free marshmellows! 
@LindaEskin yes, the point of, as well as the effectiveness of Aikido is missed on many levels on the youtube talk. Time to make a video 
@petersagal Tell him that Discovery's Katherine is obsessed &amp; listening to 'Since the Last Time' right now? Not in a scary way, of course 
@nicholle32 &quot;Girl for all seasons&quot; &amp; &quot;Hands of Time&quot; 
Time to go to bed! Tomorrow I have an appointment with my counselor to pick out my college classes! 
Time for bed....falling asleep to Arrested Development. 
Morning shoot over. Time to nap! Good night everyone 
Good morning everyone! Time to get into reality. Today's gonna be a sunny day, I hope for everyone! 
Sooooo sleepy, lol.  Time to read my book 
Worked a 13 hour day. Time to sleep, then golf in the morning! 
Listening to tom petty n really diggin it. Time for sleepy sleep. Night 
Cut off all my nails. My dad gave me my first 12 string guitar! Now I have three. Yayyy, my dad needs to visit more often!  Time to jam!
Just saw 12:01AM showing of #Pixar 's #Up in 3D!  It was amazing!  Beautiful animation and a great story.  Go see it!  Time for bed now 
Time to study reptilian behavior closely  http://bit.ly/r0IP9
Breaktime! Time to make soup for my tummy!! 
Is Awake .. At Some Stupid Time  x
Brain falling asleep. Time for distraction. Time to make that wallpaper that's been bugging me all day. XD *opens Photoshop* 
Shortening paragraphs. Genius.  Now onto the fifth page. Time to wrap it up!
Good morning  Time for school..
Oh my. I've just woke up... Time to get in that sun.  Morning people,thanks for the #FF. Mwwaaaaaaaa!
Time and stress management .....No am not naming a book this is the training I attended this week 
