Most common words for this cluster:
[('time', 857), ('work', 94), ('day', 72), ('today', 43), ('tomorrow', 35), ('home', 32), ('night', 31), ('school', 30), ('sleep', 26), ('quot', 21), ('http', 20), ('hours', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Time', 0.9999635219573975), (u'Viveca_Novak_reporter', 0.6376959681510925), (u'ETAP_Real', 0.5485633015632629), (u'Progression_TTP', 0.5422897338867188), (u'Baby_Rhyme', 0.5369561314582825), (u'Mother_Goose_Rhyme', 0.5364053249359131), (u'Lap_Sit_Story', 0.5357198715209961), (u'NetVault_Real', 0.5354340076446533), (u'Frequency_Receiver', 0.5319762825965881), (u'Raving_Rabbids_Travel', 0.5313118100166321)]





Time to get dressed, I suppose...gah another workday 
Time to get me ass in gear and start the day 
@TheoryOfMind @woppygook OMNIAAAA!!! I said no to the crackberrryyy. Time to depart with my flip phone 
Time for lunch. I'm so craving spring rolls.... to bad we don't have a chinese near who delivers 
Tdy school was rly boring. 6:31pm I was hoping it'd be 3pm so I could use the lapt longer...  Time passes rl fast.
Time to gett the dog from the wett what a shity day 
Time for court 
Time to get back on my paper. 
Time to go to le airport 
Spring break is almost over... Time to go back to procrastination 
Time for bed - so tired 
I am GOING to the gym tomorrow!!! Time to get into it... my poor deteriorating body 
Time for an antihistamine methinks, and maybe a trip back to the doctors 
Time to get ready for work, ick..  
Time to don my gardening pants and mow the lawns 
Time for work, and time to miss the laker game today. 
Time to do the washing up 
Time to hit the books again 
Time to shower...last day of my 2 week break.  ...boo...  
too many attempts at fixing my blackberry's rollerball have rendered it kaput. Time to get a new one 
I work 4 to 11 again tonight.  But tomorrow we have a 2-hour delay. (: Time to sleep in!!! (:
another weekend gone. Time to get back to reality 
Time to go to work 
Time to go to bed 
I have to be to work in 12 hours!   Time for bed...
Time to get up in 50 min 
Time to start work for the day 
Time to read legal docs 
Is at the dentist... Time for a root canal. 
Time for bed, 8-5 tomorrow 
Kids back to school today. Time to get back to the routine  At least will have more time to concentrate during the day ;) back later!
Leaving tgif.. Time for finish my report 
Doing more audio testing and  something in my  switchbox seems to have come loose. Time to get the soldering iron out 
Time to sleep - gotta be up in 4 hours for a dentist appointment. 
Why are many of the great people I wish to have in my life always so far away?  Time &amp; distance are my only enemies
Tired as hell! Time to get up now!! 
Time for some sleep...hopefully I can sleep in this hot ass room 
Obsessed was coo! Time for some late night studying ughh 
is up so early! Time for some breakfast then little cousins communion. I wish someone was up and would text me to keep me company. 
Time to buy some more coffee! And after that, I have to listen to the Drabblecast and visit the forums, haven't done that in a long while 
Time to wander up to the football, last home game 
Time for work 
Time to do yardwork, not so awesome. 
Time to head to my volunteer booth for #imagineRIT. I want to see more exhibits!  #inews
My water bottle has a hole in it  Time to order a new one
Time to finalize admin and org stuff, repo's pending... complete tax files, weather outside also informing we're back to autumn (+smoggy 
Time to drive home 
Feeling better today, not so upset but still missing my wee birdies like nothing on earth  Time for breakfast now, coffee &amp; Croissants!!
Time to leave 
Goodmorning! Time to do some last minute work 
Not feeling 2 hot  contemplating things in my life. Time 4 me 2 make a change. Wishimg I wasn't in this damn meeting ugh
Time to get back to the assignment 
Time to clean my room! 
Time for work 
Just drove my nephew home. Time to do english hw. 
Time to study for POLS.  No more putting it off.  
Time to take andy home. 
Time for a cup of tea and a side of work 
Morning! Time to go home today  been a great weekend here in the new forest.
Time to wake up.  http://twitpic.com/4jafb
Time to clear the blogroll - a few faithtfuls have become tired 
Time to start the day! This day is going to be so long and busy 
Time to go to work. 
Time to study for exams 
Camping was awesome! Time for school 
I'm up in 5 hours to go to a christening, wooo! Time to get the ol' shirt n' tie ready 
Time for work again I hate working weekends 
Time to hit the hay... kid says he's not letting me sleep in tomorrow 
Time for my weekly job ads scan 
Time to clear out the garage. It's soooo full of rubish 
daddy my legs are tired  Time to fix some of the damage the previous owner did to the house 
Time for german revision! 
Still so tired. Time for the final day.  #acen
Singstarred. But i felt bad. Time for French again 
Time to head to work 
Time to go home. back at school in 6 hrs. 
Time for work 
Time to change the avatar back... 
Time for bed....530 start!! 
Time for sleep!!! 
is glad she only has to get her kids up 6 more times before summer vacation!  Time to get ready for work 
Finished work yay! Time for assignments boo 
Time to make the donuts! for various values of donuts such as 'install software', 'write reports', &amp; attend meetings. not the yummy kind 
Time for moar coffee - I think this could be the last of the milk tho 
Time to get off my bum and clean the house 
Too wet to mow the lawn or wash the car today.   Time to catch up online! 
Time to get up and get ready for work.  I'm so tired. So happy I can sleep in tomorrow.
Time to come home 
Time to start summer school tomorrow    I just got done with real school!!
Last day of vacation.  Time to say 'goodbye' to the beaches and prepare for the long planeride home.
Up til 3am with that darn alpha, and helpin my fav. kappa (Pops) use his laptpop. Time to go workout, strength conditioning today... 
@dubbin    that sux. Time to get an apc!
Time to clean my room!  not going to be very fun!
Time to give up the tweeting? I obviously don't have my heart in it anymore 
Time for home work 
Time to get up already, where does the sleeping time go 
Time to go to the doctors 
Time for lunch. I... must... eat... soup... again.  - http://bkite.com/07AnM
Time goes by.. So slowly-lowly.. 
Time for a shower and off to my maths exam  i hope i dont fail!!
@AmandaFClark I want to but apparently the problem still exists.  Time to head in and see what else is going on.
Time for school...  see y'all later.
Time to go to work!! I enjoyed my day off and hope to continue working on myself and my home.  Moving furniture   not cool
@adelate @letterboys @seiyharris @iconis Time to go back to work. POUT. 
Time to start another day of revision 
Time flies when youre having fun!! I hate its night time again here 
Time for work...nooooooo! 
Time for work.  I'll do my best to see some of you night but no promises just now 
Time to get ready for work. 
Time 2 do the washing up from last night 
Right.  Time to go out and spend money I don't want to on new earphones since my left bud died this morning 
Time for school  at least its friday
Phewww stayed up all night to finish my floorplan x_x Time to get ready for school 
Exams went well i think. Time for some window shopping (i am broke  )
229 -185=44 to go.  Time to go to work, late shift today 
Time to see family I havnt seen in 11yeaes since the last funeral  ...
Time to go to a meeting ... ugh 
Time to start revising, but the headache isn't helping me to get in the mood 
Time to get ready for school What should i wear`? 
@melidm Time flies too fast! Before i know my boys will be in college 
Time to get some sleep!  Its been a long day. 4 year old told me today that he doesn't like me anymore.   still wanted a night night song!
Time 2 go to bed!! I had a long day today 
Time for me to wash up, read my book, catch up on my sportscenter, then catch some zzzzzzz's. I've got a pretty hectic day tomorrow.  ugh
Time for bed, oh how I wish someone was laying next to me 
Time to do house chores! Ugh! 
Just took daughter to school. Still tired and still no voice. I know some people are happy!! LOL. Time to get ready for work 
Time is going slow 
Time flies...and i never got it all right. Why oh why? 
Not good news  Time for an incredibly hard decision.
Time ticking by sooo sloooooooooowlyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
Time to take a astronomy test! 
Almost 2 more hours then i'm out of work. Time couldn't go by any slower. 
This day is fkn UGLY &amp; it matches my mood  unfortunatly. Time 2 blast off 2 the moon
Time for a clean up. 
Time to go to bed.. work in the am, not looking forward to it since its supposed to rain all day 
Feeling sickie  hopefully I'll get better soon but I'm all alone at home, lol. Time to care for myself.
Time for work 
eyes are closing on me  I got sunburnt today - nose looks like a lobster  Time to pass out
I don't want to head back west.  Time to entrench. =_= yeah, I wish. One last day of freedom.
Time for bed. Getting ready for a long day at work tomorrow 
@angelaprongs  Time zones suck?
Time to get up  but the sun is calling me.
Just arrived in betwsy y coed. Time slipping away  
It's got to that time of day when I can no long see my computer screen do to the sun. Time to close the curtains 
Time for the inevitable... mowing the grass. 
Time to get the day started! Ah so early 
@yolaweb had a monique moment celebrated too early couldn't drag widgets onto page with itouch or iphone  . Time to put away the pepsi lol
Morning!   Time to get ready for work. bummer 
Time is crawling at work today been here 4 hrs and 8 to go. 
Time to get ready for work 
is up. Time to clean.  
Fffffffffffuck I'm 3 weeks late. Time to get some pregnancy tests  this is the last thing I need to deal with.
Time to run out and look at some cuke plants...the seeds may not be working 
Time to do homework 
Cleaning out my files and realising that I have a hoard of useless piano music. Time to transpose? 
Everybody is turning 30 on me this week  remember when I went to their 18th , 21st birthdays. Time does fly!
Time for a food break, I feel my back and stomach is touching again 
Time to build a portfolio for all of my photos as a part of my semester final in digital photography.  fuck work.
Time to now the lawn. 
Looks like riaforge.org is still down  Time to port a copy of #lightwire to #github
Time to rest, it felt like a long day 
Time for bed, good night twitters tomorrows gonna be a boring day  X
Time for dinner at my mom's house - the night is just escaping me 
Time to tackle this new growth... 
Time for some squats 
Time for a shower cuz I smell like a pool 
Just ate my last breakfast in 'Nam. Time to pack and say goodbye to the resort 
Time for graduation partay...hopefully I will be inviting people for mine soon 
Time to play the delete game again. 
Time to clean my room 
 sadness.... Time to distract myself.
Time to get up for work, noooooo 
Time to cook 
Time for work 
Finally done! 45 hours later.. Thanks @chadgardner for keeping me company this morning. Time to clean.  http://yfrog.com/5jwdhj
Time to grade again 
Time to return home .... 
up next: horserace in the city. Time to have more caffe and sprizz. (but the sun is gone  )
Time for work 
I pressed the snooze button at least 5 times before actually waking up...Time to go to work. 
Just woke up. Time for work 
Time to go to staples and get some stuff for school since school starts again tomorrow 
Time to go back home   but what a great trip!
Time to go to the grocery store 
wow at @street_scene lineup. Time to convince mother. It's so sad, my lack of friends. I have a feeling I wont be getting laptop if we go 
Time is running out... D'oh 
Time to do the ironing  we need some work stuff ironed as we both go back to work tomorrow 
Time to start my history project ugh.. i really dont wanna do this 
@faitaccompli Time sucks! I don't want to go back to work already 
Time to pass out 
@andreakremer I'd give it a try but I haven't seen it yet. Not sure when that might be rectified either.  Time trv continuity probs rule!
Time to flat iron the dragon 
Time for the next round of cough medice 
Time for some dentist lovin ......... AH 
Time to format and re-install windows??? WTF stupid microsoft... 
IT band flare-up  Time to join a gym.
sigh.  Nothing ever works out well   Time to go climb a tree in the rain I guess
I really don't feel like working on my homework.... ugh. Time just went by too quickly today 
Time sure goes by when your tweeting your life away...lol...imma have to leave harlem soon...   maybe I shuld jus move here!
addicted to twitter. Time to get out of bed. It's monday 
My dad said I have to use the schoolbus already  oh well. Time for new things )
Time to shower and head to bed....work tomorrow....blah....mondays are never fun 
I think a batch of wasps or bees is setting up a nest over my front door. Time for an exterminator visit, I think. 
My brain hurts.  Time for sleep.
Time to hear the bad/good news at #crucible. 
Time to pack up and leave this wonderful place 
Time in spain drawing to a close 
At work, i miss working early. Time passes so much slower on the late shift 
Time for bed, pity the brownies only just came out of the oven... they smell so delicious! I don't wanna eat one right before bed. 
Time for homework.... sigh  there's just so much!!  :-S
Time to pack up my stuff and start heading home. 
Time to work through emails. should be done by next year 
@rayboyington Time for budget crunch, huh? 
Cleaning the house somehow, dentist  then party later. Time is not on my side.
Golly it's a proper summer day. Time by the pool and then a bike ride. But another night with the voters tonight 
Time to finish TombRaider UnderWorld :-/ that game has been put off to long &amp; it's my last fps to finish 
Time to go home  heading to the airport in a few!
Time for stupid cyber school which I hate 
I've finished college. What the hell. Time goes too fast! 
Ugh, I officially have strep throat  Time to curl up in bed with a good book...
Time for bed - have to be up @ 2.30 am - long drive to work in morning 
 Time to hate being female again http://plurk.com/p/xpy36
My web server is down again - very, very sorry for the inconvenience. Time to start shopping for a new host I guess 
Time difference confuses me so much 
Time to go to school.  my life is over. 5 years of slacking, down the drain... blah.
Time to go home.....but I'm still working.  
I say 'lately' too much  Time for sleeps.
Time is passing by too fast, I can't wait but at the same time, its too soon. 
Time to start summer school 
I don't want it to end  I've had an incredible five days! Time to roll on back to reality!
I have a horrible headache...  Time for a nap I guess.
Time to start studying 
Backpains and knocked out in my living room. Time for bed! 
i'm not really good in playing @spymaster... Time for me to rest, been walking for 3 hours with a heavy bag!!  
Time for bed have to try to get some sleep, Last night's nightmare that kept me up is coming true. 
@thecatalyst1:   Time will fly by fast. ;)
Not doing so good on the diet.  This past week +1   Time to kick it in high gear (or after this biz trip) #biggestloser
finishes dinner. Time to write a bs proposal... 
Time flies fucking fast! I haven't done any progressive thing yet. 
Just got home .. Time to study 
Another day in the library  Time for monkey lady again hahahahahahahaahha
Time to stop *editing* and do some proper work 
Time to get ready for work   ttyl
All garden Veggies doing great,Potatoes are about 18&quot; tall&gt;&gt;&gt;  Time to do a little weeding,not my favorite chore 
Going to passport in 15, srsly passport, where are you?  Time to panic call mummy.
Going to airport in 15, srsly passport, where are you?  Time to panic call mummy.
Time to sort out our recycle bin, should done it yesterday  but coffee first 
Time to put the t-shirts away, autum is coming tomorrow 
Starting to feel burned out from freelance work every night and on the weekends. Time to make a choice. I miss my family. 
Time to head back to work, vacation is over 
I can't believe the long weekend is over already! Time to swim, pack, and fly  #Disneyjustcuz
Put it off long enough.  Time to hit the books again! 
Time for work 
Time to do paperwork and clean my office 
Ugh not ready for my ap quiz. Time to fail  darn reagan haha
Is feeling epically shit. Time to see a doctor tomorrow 
Just woke up ah. Time to bury bunny 
Hip pain (running injury) gone from bad to worse. Time for pt. 
Time for bed... Trying my best not to be sick!! 
Time to get some sleep! Only 5 hours though 
Time to hit the bed...boxing made me tired!! And my arms are sore 
Morning  Time to get ready for school 
Time to go to bed....feeling a little sore 
Our hotel is fucking awesome Time to drink vodka in the rum! So bummed @kendrajae leaves tomorrow, seriously so bummed  For now we drink!
Every Time I wake up and open my eyes, it's like the first present on christmas morning....except I got socks. 
Time for bed. No power 
Time to go full on vegetarian again,no more chicken even though the orange chicken from panda is so bomb 
@AnnLinny  my night was pretty horrible too  - no sleep in sight and all just tossing and turning! Time  for reunion though!!!
My throat is fucked up.  just woken up  Time to revise soon some 15 year old tosser is whinging on tv
Time to get going again 
Time to go to class, definitely gonna need a nap today thanks to that stupid bird 
Oh no! our pet garter snake has vitamin B deficiency.     Time to start feeding him frozen fetal mice (euphemistically called &quot;pinkies&quot;).
Time for a shower then off to work for the day 
&lt;--Feels overworked underpaid and unappreciated! Time 4 a change 
6 week review at the gym today  Time to up the torture and pain levels  He might just cut the crap and bring out the rack this time!!!
Morning!! Time for work..tired and my back still hurts 
Morning all! Time to start another day of unemployment! 
Time to work as an aide until i get my niece &amp; nephew, mike got laid off today            -: Carmen :-
Off to read with the kindergarteners for the last time this year.  Time just keeps piling up...
Time for fillings   i really don't like the dentist
weather is amazing outside my window...Time to go to work     I just wish i could sleep
OK... Time to go to the dentist. 
Time to get ready for work- didn't finish the chapter- still 18 pages to go, and I haven't taken notes on it yet 
@Time4mommy sorry...I don't think it will be as bad as the previous week. It will come in spurts. 
Yay!  25!  Time to schedule another appointment with my chiropractor 
Time for work  booo
Time to start getting ready for work. But I don't wanna 
Time for me to drive.  going from mid sc to southern georgia.
Time to go work. 
Its been a week already? that sounds... Impossible. Time goes by too fast 
Time to cry 
@acelegacy I guess we be banned bitches for now. Time to get ice cream to make it all better. 30 dayz isn't so bad...right? 
Time for new headphones 
Time for the painkillers.  #fb
I've eaten all the fear in my necklace!  Time to go to the &quot;about to die&quot; ward in the hospital and refill  asap
Time to wash the truck.hope it dont rain 
Time for some late night webcam sex and off to bed lol i joke i'm just grumpy cause i'm getting old 
Time to ride the porcelain bus me thinks. 
Time to take more Osmoprep for my colonoscopy 
I'm worn out from yet another softball game. Time to start writing again. 
Time to go shower and then I probably should go to bed.. work in the am.. not looking forward to it 
Time zones what?!  
Time for twitter to go down for an hour 
Time for work!  and why is it raining outside where has the sun gone!
Time to grow up! 
Time for some rest! I was tired all day today 
Time for me to go home but its still raining outside.. 
@teambudd1 Time for you to relax then. I'm out lunching &amp; shopping today...even though it's raining 
Wine in my eye! Whhyy!! Time for bed! 
Right, enough PC. Time to go to the supermarket.. oh joy 
Time to head home 
It's my birthday! Time to go to work 
Just got back from gym class and it is now confirmed I have no control over the left side of my body  Time to swat up for interviews now.
Time to get some groceries!!! 
THe day we all dread. Time to study.  http://twitLink.us/k
rise and shine. Time to be a slave today 
saturday morning wake up call 6a.m.  darn it carson. Time to start our day...
2 hours or so of sleep  and I didn't even rage last night uggh! Time to make that $$.
Time to get my braces.  this is gunna hurt.
Time to get up, and ready for work 
Time to reinstall win7 again 
Time to go lift some weights. Four weeks is a lot longer than I meant to wait since the last time.  
&quot;High Time&quot; final day  what a wonderful experience this was!
Time is going by soooo slooooowwww  I am sooo hungry!
I have a sore throat! Time to buy my secret weapon that is sucrets!!! Those always numb my throat  but other than that fml 
Time for massive amounts of homework.... Not fun. And its really nice outside 
Time to fight the safe from hell  oh god why 
is growing a headache and just had a mini nosebleed. Time for a snack and bed, methinks... 
Time to rally the troops for the indoor soccer game ... wish I could play 
Time to eat dinner...alone  *sighs*.... http://mypict.me/2QKU
Time to dope up on meds cause this headache aint goin anywhere 
Out. Time for m sister to use the laptop. 
No beef festival,  ... But it's been a good day!! Time with family, and it's my fiance's birthday!!
Time for some much needed sleep, feet are painful again  Hopefully a quiet day tomorrow
YAY, map is done. Time to proof &amp; get approval on redesigned ad from our partner. I think he used MSPaint to create the original ad  ick.
Time for bed, working tomorrow afternoon 
Not even a full 24 hours in the field and already the operators broke something!  Time to burn the midnight oil 
Time flies. it makes me sad. U cant stop it from moving forward. U cant reflect &amp; live in the moment.I cant believe how fast life goes by 
is missing her sweetie.  Time to move on though, or so it seems. 
misses her sweetie.  Time to let go though. 
i might be better off disappearing for a while.  hell. Time will tell.
My calves still hurt from kickboxing on thurs and wearing heels out last night  sigh. Time to get out of bed for dance workshop at HKAPA!
Time for bed... Another day of work tomorrow. 
@meka8080 I thnk we did but 4 sum reason I cldnt mk it.  Time 4 a do-ovr.
why is it raining cats and dogs today of all days?! That ruins all my plans for today.   Time to work out a plan B
Shooting straight days #2 done. Time to sleep. So much unfinished work to do &gt;.&lt; How will I ever catch up 
Time to sleep before my math skills completely drain for tomorrow. 
Time for law revision before my exam tomorrow! 
Another wedding over with! Time for a bbq then back to work 
Time for bed. I'm starving and my feet hurt  times like this I need a boo
Time to get in the car ... And destroy the environment - sorry  @ http://is.gd/Rrzr
@ScotRadcliffe we were conversing. I did reply but unsure if you got it as tweet limit exceeded again &amp; in &quot;Time out&quot; for an hour 
woke up...worked out...ate some weird stuff. Time to hit the books. 
Just got done taking a nap....  Time to study now...  
Time to study 
Time to go paint my neighbors barn.....when will I learn  
Time to study  more coffee soon 
I am down for a do-over, you eat free if you go on your b-day@shonjay I thnk we did but 4 sum reason I cldnt mk it.  Time 4 a do-ovr.
Time to study all day long 
Time to go back. 
Time for some dinner, finding it hard to stay awake! Loads still to do 
Only 12 hours until work    Time to start thinking about ironing
Time to get into report mode: the dreaded reflective team report  Now- 400 words. 12am- 4000 words.
Time for work.  get off around 7:45 who wants to chill?!
Time to go back to the city. I never want to leave 
Time to go back on the phonessss 
had an amazing weekend! Time to get back to real life. 
At the house. Time to to get a haircut. I have to get it trimmed. This week it's either eat lunch every day or get a haircut 
Homw from camping, laundry and dinner done.  Time to get ready for work tomorrow. 
My date is over. Time for some ice cream since I cant get laid 
Time for bed, gotta wake up early tomorrow! It's gonna be a longgggg day 
Time to go to bed... class in 7 and a half hours 
Time to sleep, tommorow work till midnight  any one saying that game tester is a easy job is a fucking idiot !
Wow had a great weekend! I'm sooooooo tired now!! Time to go nite nite 
Oh great its monday again. Time for work. 
Time for bed.  I have to wake up early and go to the gym 
Time for work 
I'm really madd / i gott hella xcited because twit-pic finally wrkd ONE Time ; &amp; now its now!!! 
@katieinthehat  Time to take up a martial art
Just got home. I'm exhausted. This weekend was, I think, the worst weekend of my life.  Time for school in 2 1/2 hours. Yay... D;
Time to go to the doctors  fun
@NicolaGeorge don't think so.  Time to invest in another book, i guess.
Time 2 face the wolves! I was supposed to be off work today, but duty calls  I'm grateful to have a job, I'm grateful to have a job...
http://twitpic.com/7gh6r - How mad are trashy are my Vans. Time for new ones I dare say 
Just woke up and showered. Time to get ready for school 
Its 5am! Time to go home.   I haven't even left yet and already I miss chris!  This sucks! On our way to airport.
Time for work 
@jersey002 oh ok just let me know. Time's going by so fast..she'll be leavin soon  lemme know!
Continuing to feel really unwell. Time to stop trying to tough it out, and just go back to bed 
Workout done.  Time for a quick stop at the grocery then to work  well actually work isn't bad at all. But not the same as a weekend.
@FlissTee  Time for a rain dance perhaps? Or more cookery progs on the TV.
Time to take a shower and head to work now 
Wiggling my headphone cable trying to get sound back in my left speaker   Time for some more office-developer friendly headphones
Time for my exam  wish me luck!
Time to get up and start my fun filled day!! 
Pouring like crazy today. Some roads were shut down and our youth center is taking on water. Time to start shoveling in the rain. 
I'm up.. Time to get ready for work... I'm super tired 
Time is now standing still! 
I feel like I haven't slept in months. Time to get up anyways. 
Time for me to finish work Wooooooooooooo Hoooooooo, had a hard day today  
Time for some hardcore bandpractice I miss my girlfriend 
Time to revise for stats exam tomorrow 
Time to say goodbye to mater. 
Time for work...and so off goes the phone 
Time for lunch, and phone interview with an agency...I'm nerveous 
Time setting on my of my camera bodies was off by an hr, now images are all out of order in #LightRoom, not happy. 
Time to say you good bye 
Time for bed. I have to be up at 6:40 tomorrow 
Time for sleep exam in 8.5 hours 
Time line - 170 pages. The poor patient 
@jaimecser to me it looks the same as before except with top nav, different colors and double the page weight  Time will tell.
Time alwaaaays drags when ur waitin for sumthink 
someone - likely a girl who did not want to have fun - just left. Time to go outside &amp; eat some worms... 
Time for bed, work in the morning.  good night twitter world
Time for sleep. Waking up earlyyyyy to finish my paper 
http://twitpic.com/7iusb - Time to sell my stuff. 
Time 4 working @ the office 
2 hours lost  Time to write
Enough tweeting.. Time to get back to work.. 
Time: 1:07am. 2 walmarts and no jb cd  I tried...
It's 11:30 and somehow only feels like 8:30. This day flew by. I don't understand. Time is passing way, way too fast and I don't like it. 
Time for my daily moan about hay fever... 
Time flies when you're having none 
Time for tea... and then run about like a headless chicken doing house stuff 
Time to work... Yay!!! 
Time is really dragging this morning. 
Time to shower &amp; head out to work  lol
Time to go to work  Only 4 days 'till it's weekend again....
Another overcast &amp; gloomy day   Time to hit the gym none the less.
Time to go.  I will tell you how it went around 1, if I make it home. :l
Time to crate = all of my game and a/v stuff remains specially crated and inaccessible until movers come to uncrate it.  
Time for work!!! 
Time to get needles poked in md at the allregist again  eh so no bueno
@mattcutts Just made the internets a little sadder today: http://bit.ly/QMg85  Time to turn off comments on your blogs.
Time for work 
Just rolled out of bed. Not feeling much better. Time to mow the lawn 
@lapearce Time to visit the dentist, I'd say 
Time to leave the pool its getting cloudy out  I should go clean my house.....
Time to get ready for work. 
Time is going by sooooo slow... Nothing to do 
Time to work 
Time to head out of the studio early today. We are still a bit hungover from last night. 
I have the day off tomorrow. Time to do some cleaning. yea. 
Time to pay bills 
Is so irritated right now... Time for a hot shower and then the bed... 
it's 11:30. I've waited for my hubby, but it's the first day the store's open so I'm sure he's busy working. Time to go to bed now. 
@kainicmue Looks like 12:01 is a no go.  Time for bed.
Time to sleep?.. i wish 
Time is never enough  
Time for school got an exam today     worried :S
Time for power cut  need to go..!!
Goodmorning lovely people. Time to hit the books 
Time to feed the masses (aka - pets). It's cold outside 
Time for a coffee methinks - merge fun ahead 
 i was woken up at 4 30. Time to get ready and go to hospital
@lilmel_  Time limits are eeeebil. And no. I think lifestyle changes are in order.
@MrsPlinks @shamazipan Time difference I think... We'll have to wait and see 
Time for another doctors appointment. Yes! 
Time to go to work.  No 3.0 yet.  
Time to tidy room 
Time to write my appeal...i really hope this works. 
Time for school and mom is leaving 
Home sick again today. Time for another nap. Also, dog is having surgery. 
Time to work!!!! But I feel dreadful 
Time has been goin by soo slow 
Exams Time 
Just had the most stressful day. I need some &quot;me&quot; time asap otherwise I am going to explode.  Time for some meditation and tea.
Oh no!! Time goes super fast! 
bed Time !! Sorre throat + Soree head  Cannyy copee 
My tooth hurts!!! Time for some medicine!!!!   ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Time to go home... and work... 
spent twenty minutes entering an undergrad application only to realise it's a postgrad app.  Time to start again.
Apparently, the mosquitos think I am their buffet. Time to head home. 
Time to sleep now, up in 6hour which im not lookin 4ward to 
Not feeling so hot.  Time to hit the hay.
Time for school  only in for 3 hours though instead of 6 then I get to come home and sleep some more!
Time for bed...shit ass work tomorrow 
Time for exams lol cant pee or eat because of them 
Time for work 
Time for work, again. It seems like it just never ever ends. 
Just got on the bus off the cruise ship. Time to come home 
In my final derivatives class   Time to save the world!
Going to the vet tomorrow to have my mouth check  Time for a walk!!!
Time to go outside in the pouring rain and howling wind to do my weekly shop 
Time is running out so fast, we're sinking in the sand 
Time to do sum more work  here we go *
Time for work. Two more days to go. I need a vacation badly. 
Time 4 work! Yaaaay 
Time to start another long day of training at work *sigh* 
@MrsLoulou I know what you mean. I can't believe my little girl is going to be 6! Time flies even faster when they start school 
Time to trek out into the rain 
Time to trek out into the rain 
#squarespace had an interestig dream, now if only I could remember it. Why does my back hurt?  The beautiful sun is out! Time for a walk?!
Time for bed! 4.30am comes far too early! 
Time for work  wish me luck.
is all out of cayenne pepper so is sad panda.  Time to lay off the tweets.
Officially hungry  Time to reboot...so what YOU up to??
Time to close up shop... apparently people are letting a little rain keep them indoors 
Just got back from the ball. Time for just a few hours of sleep   but had a great and interesting evening meeting nice new people.
Resigned my o-line. Time to move on I think 
After a month, moving from the living room couch/my sister's room in a sleeping bag back to my own room. Time to accept the dreaded truth 
it's been one of those nights where I've stayed up for absolutely no reason whatsoever  Time to try sleep I think...
Time to partayyyyyyyyyy!!!! I'm already tipsy so sad  lol
Working late.  Time to walk the dogs and its raining pretty good out there.  
Time for bed - fighting a summer cold is not fun   Tweetcha tomorrow, guys.
Time for bed and only four more days left.  
Time to go to bed, heard some depressing news tonight and am just pissed about it 
@asdfjkHELLO I know, were so lame. Time for me to sleep, see you NEVER 
Time to get back to work 
Time to move on 
Time for bed, long day of work tomorrow! 
Its so freaking humid in my room. Time for the nightly dose of as tall as lions. I hope this cough goes away soon  g'night
@Theprowler I didn't fail  now I have to wait til I get home to change it. Time for a new look me thinks.....
5 hours work wasted yesterday. As clash of programmes on two computers.  Time to try new plan.
Time to leave the office and drive back home.. i am afraid the roads would be jammed up 'cause of rains 
Time to find something for lunch, but I don't know what sounds good today. 
Time to pack and move again 
Time for my workout! It's been a while...hope I don't pull my groin again. 
In 2 hours my baby girl will officially be a 4th grader! I still remember her preschool graduation.. Time flies by 
Time for work...too bad I won't be able to see my friends in @pobict before they leave for tour tonight 
Time to be a grown up and budget. 
At the doctors office. Time for bug's 18 month checkup.  #fb
And here comes the massive crash that comes at the end of a largely enjoyable week... FOOM. Time to crawl under a rock once i'm home 
@Loutriatter Time wasting is a specialty of mine 
Time for bed, got to work tomorrow  nite tweeple
Time to mourn the closing of a great restaurant 
The rear tire on the warrior is completely worn down  Time to order a new one.
Time for sleep my headhurts 
Today was a lovely day. Time to take a shower, brush my teefies, and cuddle up with my blanket  and watch a movie.
Time here is 9 40 pm. Still i can see sunlight here..  hmm... Too much .. #ustrip09 #california
Both kids going to camp tomorrow for a week  Time to snorkel.
Time for bed and I'm not tired 
A dumbass asked if I was pregnant.Time to drop some lbs,and burn that stinkin babydoll top.I'm almost 50,so I must look younger- but ouch 
Headshots are 325 dollars... WTF. Time to start saving. 
Time to go to bed... running with some friends at 9am 
Time to get on the cross trainer and then off to work for a crappy 10 hour shift 
Time to get back to worrkkk. 
Morning all! Time to put on clothes and go to work... 
Oh well, current gf is not tone deaf and doesn't like my singing   Time to get on riding mower and get back to my happy place ;-)
Time to start work 
Time to stop working, hunger pangs, missed lunch, also think I've picked up son's summer cold 
Time to lick lots of envelopes 
Time for a hair cut  I swear the cutters around here don't know how to do a fade.
http://twitpic.com/7xd9s - Time to make the brim! Its a bad pic 
http://twitpic.com/7xdb1 - Time to make the brim! Its a bad pic 
http://twitpic.com/7xdba - Time to make the brim! Its a bad pic 
http://twitpic.com/7xdd7 - Time to make the brim! Its a bad pic 
cleaned the pool and we are now relaxing in the air conditioning.  Time to write a paper! 
No pretzel for me  At home. Just ate. Time to work out, then who knows...hopefully....!!!!
Just got dumped  Time to start dating again! And saving $ doing it.... http://snipr.com/kb4r0
Fuuuuck just got home from work. Time to go eat then sleep since I gotta wake up at 4 to go back 
Time for sleep, work at 9am and it is a double. 
Time to start filling another skip  
Time to take a shower...1st day period always suck!  http://myloc.me/4OmX
At the airport, saying good bye to my wife for 3 days. Time to go home and cry myself to sleep 
Time for mediation, have lost my paul smith watch  if you were a watch where would you hide? hmmmm.........
Time to go to work 
Time to study 
Time to get ready for work.  too much on my mind... didnt go to bed.  Its going to be a very long day at work... blarg!   
Time to revise 
Turns out there isn't anything good on TV.  Time to do the laundry instead 
Time to face the music 
Some on stole my full size compact zoom point and shoot camera.   Time to buy a new one, i guess!
wow look at the time!   Time to sleep!
Time to go run  happy fathers day everyone!
Loving the outlets. Time to get home now 
Home alone...Time to sing out loud! &quot;You had your deams I had miiiine!!!&quot; I just sneezed and hurt my throat 
Time to get it together for work.  hate jobs.
My computer mouse is smarter than I am  It says it is time to quit working for today. Time for recharging.
@boosy1 erk, can you get out of your contract? Time to pwn your 'phone 
Time it takes to steam clean suede couches - 2 hrs.  Time it takes for an 18 month old to spread cracker chum all over them - 15 sec aftr 
Time to go in bebe's kids have arived 
Time to leave. 
Time to do some homework except my internet isn't working 
&quot;Time can't heal the wound, but the wound needs time to heal&quot;..  
Too hot in my car  I'm not having a black car next time!! Time to turn aircon on.
Oh no--I'm sick  Months of wellbeing, then I let myself get run-down and a cold takes hold.Time for rest (and tweeting re how bad I feel)
4 days and no tweets!  Time to remedy that!  Poultryfest is looking off   and I donated my summer hours to my coworker 
Time to sleep , my eyes are burning inside 
My nail poshish is starting to chip really badly   Time 2 get out the black nail varnish!!!!
My nails are starting to chip really bad  Time 2 get out the black nail varnish!!!
Time changes are no fun! 
Time for bed.  Planning beau's fishing trip, cleaning kid rooms &amp; meeting with bug guy tomorrow.  That'll learn me  
So exhausted. Time to watch all the shows I missed. Then sleep cause I have work in the morning 
Jscreenfix can't repair the stuck pixel  Time for a pixel massage.
Just 5 days left and 1/3 of summer holidays will be gone!  Time is running so fast, isn't it?
Time is going slower than tortoise pace today.  - http://tweet.sg
Time to go work sooonn.. I'm missing the slenger gf.. 
Time to sleep... Long day again tomorrow 
http://twitpic.com/8cxz0 - Time for my plaster things to come off  will my belly button piercing still be there??
@neondeception Time to get up and off to work is 5am. 
Time to go to sleep... have to wake up early morning to go hiking.. 
Time to open the store Yay ..not! 
Wishing I was not awake.  Time to see what's on the tivo that might lull me to sleep.
I have no internet or cable... Time warner fails so hard 
The fireworks were amazingg last night! I loved them! Now.. Time to get ready for work 
Time to get to work! I can sleep when i cross that finish line. So driven by the pain &amp; doubt. Lets fuckin' go!  
I feel horrible. I wish whatever this is would go away. Time to crawl on my couch with the coke and crackers 
Time to go back to work again 
Working it !!!!!!!! Time of departure not sure 
Time to do some work 
I'm sorry but I really don't find it amusing when someone makes a &quot;hilariously funny&quot; allegory about rape. Time 2 get offline methinks. 
Time for nite nite I guess 
Time for bed 
#totd faves: Time for bed...have a good night/day  ...see you in the am...if you...: faves: Time for bed.. http://ad.vu/c2sh
@helgahenry thx for the tip. It worked! Time for a cup of tea 
One kick ass night. A lot of fun. Time to knock out. 
Time to get ready for work! 
Time to wake up the family and start this amazing day 
I've already done two good deeds today. I should be set for the week! Time to go back to being bad 
Time to get ready for work..  Everyone have a blessed day!  
lazy day! mmmmmmmm... Time to finish 1984  or would I study..... naaaaaaah!
Time to make the doughnuts lol 
Time to shop bunch of accesorries for my new ride. 
I had a fun night!  Time for bed... tomorrow is going to be a test.  NightNight Tweetertots 
Time for a shower and french toast. No, not together. 
Morning!  Time to set up for 20+ kids to arrive soon 
Time for drinks 
Time for head shrinky 
Time to clean today.  PEACE!
Time to warm up my oatmeal! 
@holycool Time to chill out now? 
Wedding over. Time ti hang out with evan  yayy
Time for a coffee/gardening break with mom 
Time to come clean -- I wanted to give up meat for a long time, but it took a @tonyrobbins seminar for me to do it!  Let the jokes begin 
is done working for tonight. Time for some s.o. time. 
Tired out of my mind! Time for sleep 
had a great time tonight. Time for bed. 
Time for the shots! I'll sleep where I land  
I'm pretty sure I've reached the end of the internet. Time for bed 
yesterday was mine and boyboi's one month.   It's been a month already?  Time flies.
Time for lunch. A welcome break from maths 
w00t! Time for some #Kings  !watching
Time for some two and a half men! 
Time for some sun worship 
Time to get on with some household jobs - be back soon guys 
Time for a chillout  #CoDWaW
Morning~ Time for more crochet~ which grows sooooo quickly! It's great!  I need to finish listening to some podcasts today! ^^*
Time to get up! Time to wake up! Time to get up! Aaaannnddyyy!   @epunko2 YaY Liizzard!! 
Finally done all my coursewrok thank god! Time to chillax 
Time for work.  later tweeties.
Time to get out of my sport clothes and into something suitable for a bar 
I want to play OpenTTD, but I think I'll do that later. Time to play some more Pingus. 
wooo finally home!  Time to relax and nap
Time for sunday after church lunch with the family and later, a great nap. 
http://twitpic.com/3n7pu - new Adventure Time press release art = new wallpaper for me 
Customisations completed! Packages mailed! Time to work on some bracelets. 
I'm exhausted. Time for bed...back on the grind first thing in the a.m. so goodnight 
I've decided that being in a zombie like studying mode is no bueno... Time for bed 
Some fools have luck. Or just the fake feeling of it? Time will tell 
Time for school!!  And I actually don't feel bad..probably cuz I got TONS of sleep last night!  
Really hoping that next day delivery is really next day delivery, otherwise we are screwed! Time will tell 
Time to send out more resumes - hopefully my new networking cards will arrive today 
Morning! Time to move today  hope everyone is well
Time to start wearing those summer clothes. 
Time to walk the pup then back to work 
MS Marketing.  Time to take a break.  
So, nap accomplished, lesson plan for presentation also nearly done... Time to write! 
what another gorgeous day!! Time to get the mankini out i think!  http://tinyurl.com/c2dqzm
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana. 
Time for a 2.5hr nap  before i go back to work in 3hrs
Time to goto school n talk to all da boston haters! 
Time to clean some windows @ work. At least I wouldn't have to anwear the phone 
&amp; not 2 mention i had 2 blue water 4 minute timers!Time sure goes fast!I put shampoo, conditioner,then body wash-shamp&amp;cond:sunsilk brand 
Finally finished all my paper work!! Time for a frosty one 
@JenKuhnPR  Time to take the wheel 
Time for sleep. 
Off to shoot joy at the studio. Time for some fun 
I'm done with moving! Time to relax instead 
had a great time! Time for sleepy. 
Morning people. Time to get outta bed for me  x
Gooooooood morning twitterverse! What a beautiful day it is today! Time for some bialetti coffee and toast... mmm.. 
@anefallarme @phatelara thanks ane!!  catcha guys later!! Time for dinner!  
Looooooooooooooooooooooooong day.  Time for sleep.  
Buhahaha. Time to massive follow furries 
just put my son dofor a nap. Time to get beautiful for the day! 
Time to go out for some laserdome action! 
Time to disconnect  fantastic dinner waiting with great friends...cant get enough of that!
I have neglected my baby. Time to play my ps3. 
Time for a short nap, my mom's graduation at 7:30, then my friends partay later tonight! 
Lunch is done and my son is taking his nap.  Time to get to work on content for my next show. 
Time to sleep! I think I will sleep till monday 
@theEMMYawards meaning they stab you right in front of your face. Time to re-evaluate who your friends are. I definately am tu amiga 
Time to tuck in...still got the sniffles but my Louboutins made my day 
Time to start cooking dinner and preparing for the week ahead.  Time to multi task so I can enjoy the basics of life.  
Hey Tweets! I'm kinda sleeeppyyy now...I didn't even realize dat it's past midnight.  LoL.  Time flies when your having fun...nyt, nyt!  
Anyways, I'm effin tired and kinda blown away about today. Time to rest my weary head. I bet mom is looking down on this &amp; cracking up 
Time for bed night all 
is ready to be with all the @freepeeps! Time for church 
Time for a healthy breakfast today, oatmeal and fruit plus a nice glass of orange juice. Vitamins are ready and so am I to workout 
I can finally breathe again!!! Time for a run 
@therainbowgirl A cup of tea sounds like a good idea.  Time to put the kettle on. 
Is glad the cleaning is finally all done!!!  Time to celebrate! 
from my fortune cookie at lunch: &quot;Time for your promotion will come soon&quot;.    What kind of promotion? hmmm... could mean many things 
Time in bed: 90min and counting 
Time for bed again 
Time for the writers collaborative chat 
(@Aydreean) just ate in downtown plymouth. Time to finish this bathroom 
Thinks he is going to take a couple days off from work. Time to put in some vacation time. 
Time to engage the new week! 15 days and counting 
Time for my late night work out cardio, crunches, squats, and yoga the excercise ondemand channel has everythinggg 
Time for a short nap 
Time 2 get some sleep now...goodnite Tworld 
Time for a shower and then bed. I haven't had enough sleep lately 
@jonconnelly That's good. Time to celebrate then! 
Time for me to sleep........ 
What a great day! Time with some family, an amazing voice studio party at my prof's home, and a finance study date with @allyson_marie! 
Enough studying,whew... Time for sleep 
Time to snuggle up in bed with the electric blankie on 
It's almost past 3. Time to go to bed 
@chopstock check out the Conchords 'Business Time' 
Time for a mane trimming, some yoghurt and maybe some sushi. A nice way to wrap up a fairly good day. 
Time for school  i'm feelin good.. 5 AM jogs do good. ~aloha
all pugged in and ready to go. device updates on, so feel free to bombard me at any time.  Time to actually get something done.
Time to get purrtty. *wink* 
@wendywings cute   Time for a twitpic ;)
Time to rinse out my conditoner 
Ugh what an amazing night. Time for bed! I know i'm gonna sleep well. And with no getting up early!  good night!
@iampritty lol man i got 2 1 /2 hrs an iont how i woulda made it wit out my ramen noodles and t.v. Time 
@TheBeatles Time to reissue all @TheBeatles albums on vinyl!  yesss! that would be fab! fab! fab! 
Time to play the drums  
Time to turn the phone off and get a full nights sleep 
Home !! Home @ last !!!!! Time to step outside for some life 
Time for pizza!!  This weekend has been all about the interior for our new house so now we deserve some quality time.
@tommcfly The last show already?! Time flies. Have fun!   x
i thought it was supposed to rain today so I'm pretty excited that its sunny and beautiful! Time to play 
hi ho hi ho, its off to work i go. well, homework work. Can i do it? Why yes  Time to get crackle-lackin'. its been a productive morning
so much pain, why is everything going wrong! gah! Time for pain meds and sleep  school tomorrow. it's going to suck!
@vautrin Time to play eenie meenie miney moe with your pile of books. 
When one door closes, another door opens. Time for me to find that open door. 
Time to hit that sketchbook !!!! 
Time to hit these sheets. GNight 
Right, ad's on. Time for a &quot;narse cuppa tea&quot; 
It's dinnertime!! Time for breakfast before work 
@MrsLard Time for new detergent, I'm sure. 
@CaseyDances Speaking about my lazy self, I actually stayed up till the deadline to do the hw. Time for sleep. 
OS X.5.7 downloaded. Time for restart. Catch you on the flip side! 
Just changed the bedding in the pups cage. Time for something bigger. They're getting huge! 
@LondonJ08 we are good ! Thanks ...  Time for me to go home now 4.30 pm .. :-p
@roninpenguin Time to play some games on the xbox, that always works for me 
I was thinking of you last night, and then I stopped.  Time has been good to me.
Time for a nice healthy fried breakfast 
About to spend some of my 'Leisure Time&quot; with a certain somebody 
Time to go watch Greys! 
Morning all. I've finally managed 2 catch up on sleep.... Time for breakfast. 
Time to run 
Time to play a bit of mario before I sleep 
Finalizing some event details on a gorgeous day. Time to take a walk 
@ImJustinPope Time of day not important...things to do is what's important 
@themadcatlady Time goes quickly, doesn't it? 
Time for a shower, pizza then blackforest gateau. I know, I know....but I would of still ate it even if I hadn't done the excesice. 
Time to go make homemade dog biscuits - have to keep the furballs happy 
So I'm awake   And.....I'm hungry! Time to scavange I'm a fat ass lol
I'm slowly becoming addicted to twitter... 3 hours of solid revision today - get in there!! Time for a treat!! 
Just woke up... Time for nummies 
Off to work! Time to lose my voice again. 
Time for a bloody mary me thinks 
chilling at home, kids are in bed!! Time for some relaxation!! 
Time to vent 
Time for earthquake tweets! 
Time for bed, good nite 
Swimming margeritas grilled veggies in eagle rock was fun .. Time for some beauty sleep  #fb
Time for bed!  longest weekend of my life!
Time for bed my tweeps. It's been a good day. 
Time for bed with the voices of @SirMichaelRocks and @Chuckisdope playing softly in my ear. 
Time for me to get out of here 
Time to crank out that webc@m. 
Time for me to wake up! good morning all tweets 
How many more weeks before the French? Time to find me coverage! 
i'm going to finish my very last assignment this week. Time to get motivated 
@wmwm Time we change the way we teach our young! 
Time to get to work and get the last full week of school out of the way.  That sounds really nice.  
Time to get ready for work - only 5 weeks left until summer vacation - not like I'm counting or anything 
Says up and at em... Time to start this busy day 
Time for me to skadoodle LOL, goodnight everyone 
Time to fix breakfast with the kiddos.  They love to be chefs 
2 videos from the showcase are up! Time for the 3rd and episode 3 proper itself! 
*yawn* Time for *streeeaachh* school! 
I've got my coffee so my morning's going well! Time to do some payroll and some laundry! I love my job! 
@Time4CoffeeTime I am having coffee right now, in your honor 
My shortest workout of the week but yet the one that had me sweat the most. Time to shower 
Time to sleep... before midnight. Wow 
Time to head into work for the last time  tweet u all later 
Time for bed 
@conorpegypt so then thats you who's been doing that. Time to erase your votes 
YAY! weekends are finally here! Time for relaxation 
Time for some shopping 
Time to get these doggies muddy out there, take care. laters peeps 
thank fuck it's friday!!! Time to rock out and get ready for a kick ass night  woooooooooooo the weekeeeeeeeeeend!
I love fridays. I am so unproductive at work. Twitting away or reading my geek/tech stuff on the net or on my phone.   ;). Time 4 some ...
Sebentar lagi sampai rumah. Time to relax and charging this pitiful cellphone 
Time to get head down on some more work on the end user model.  At least no retopping or uv'ing now 
Time for some bockwurst mit ketchop und mahonaise 
@CyrilJones Time to get up sleepyhead. A 5k yesterday is no excuse to skip the gym today 
Time for school. Hoping for a short day. But I'm not riding the bus!  wish me luck on my French vocab test!!
@vento Time flies when you're having fun? 
Time for me to eat my dinner! 
Time to dash home for footie training - well to take grandson there  : http://is.gd/CmuT
Time to shower 
Time for SATS! 
Time to give my yorkie A bath ..n then off to queens ..Memorial weekend with my ribbster 
@wilw Time to generate some then?! 
Time to go to the gym on this lazy holiday 
Just finished a nice jog. Time to chill out. 
Morning everyone. Time for a coffee. Today, our recording booth will get a carpet, then it's production ready. Another topic off the list 
Time for bed with my sexy lady 
Time to eat a nice snack 
Time to get the kids in bed.. goodnight 
Time to get some beauty sleep...good night world! 
is so inspired and making some progress on this album!  I'm so excited. Time to clean and do a little work before bed.
@dexojean so early! Time to knit i think 
Time to get some studying done! Three more days 
Getting ready for field day tommorow.   Time to dominate the field!!! (But teachers think it's for fun.They are so wrong cause it is war.)
Time to pack, then catch some zzzz's so I can get up early, finish class and head back home. Missing @bethm and the pups. 
Finally home!  Time to sleep 
Time to read  trying to enjoy my last quiet night, ha!
Time to call it a night 
Time for bed. Diamondbacks won. I am off tomorrow. So 
Oh man, I fell asleep. Time to go to bed and get ready for the &quot;fun suck&quot;.  I get to wear jeans like a normal guy though.
Ahhh, looks like it's going to be a glorious day. Time for shorts 
Just tennised. Time for the gym now 
Time is the wisest counsellor of all - 
Apparently its to b 80 degrees f'heit this weekend,according to my boss. Time to buy the summer flipflops 
@donncha I'm not really a time travel guy...I'm a logic person(being a programmer). Time travellng just can't fit my logic 
@scotwriter yikes ! Time drags 
Time to wake everyone up - ready for another hectic day 
Twit twit twit. Time to crean my room till drugs set in... I cut up anothrr shirt! 
@TrineOS Just relax and emancipate... Time will kill your superego... Hezky den! 
Time for a boat on the river   http://twitpic.com/669h3
