Most common words for this cluster:
[('time', 196), ('lol', 3), ('bit', 2), ('wasting', 2), ('workie', 2), ('school', 2), ('twitter', 2), ('home', 2), ('come', 2), ('thing', 2), ('w', 2), ('friend', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'time', 0.9984873533248901), (u'moment', 0.5239742994308472), (u'day', 0.5212151408195496), (u'days', 0.4941728115081787), (u'period', 0.46558260917663574), (u'periods', 0.4554471969604492), (u'when', 0.4511220157146454), (u'playbooks_Spielman', 0.4394294321537018), (u'times', 0.4386698007583618), (u'weeks', 0.42827317118644714)]





there's time to party there's time to work 
@brinstar But that takes time. :/ And effort. 
doesnt understand why she has such a difficult time sleeping 
Sleeeeeeeeeepy time tends to coincide with school time 
By the time I get a job, it will be time for me to retire 
@princ3sskrys10 aww, i'm sorry  if he can't make time to even say hi then he doesn't deserve your time!
no time at all!!!! n its saturday already!!!  where is the time running to??  time time, please come back!! or go slow!!! 
I wish I could travel back in time to 1964 to go to the worlds fair 
@timrumble fuuuuuuuuuuuck i think it only went the span of its alloted time.  i'll have to see.
@jackalltelow well you guys are the all time low of all time lows. jk that was mean 
Updating the time tracking system... Iroic because I have no need to track time right now 
wishing i had a time controller so that i could turn time back and try again 
favorite song ever the last time till ?? 
@fallenstar_ I want to go to evermore, I was too young last time they were here, but this time no one will go with me 
U have got to be kidding me my power just went down at the worst time possible uggggghh 
@CASUDI yup  second time this has occurred. we're looking into it at this time.
I just want to go home  I hate time dilation!
@redassyellabone It's time to be all u can be like the reserves....I lost one.  
hasn't had time to go on twitter since working full time! 
I really need to see him. I don't know how I got so lonely is such a short amount of time. 
i need a little time 2 think and i just don't have it; feeling  but dunno y; i need a lil time alone; but they never let me have that
1rst time I waste my time .... 
@rjw8888 I know. I know. Just lost track of time  how are you?
Apparently we're not front row because they decided to ignore the #s and let 1-100 in at the same time. 
@superkatrina same here....  like stopping time so you can have more time to study. I'd love that.... ^^
@WonderLaura It's a time management thing. I just haven't made time lately. 
Is this a bad time? I know it is getting near dinner time for many  #CGFT
@voyunge  time!! time pass really quickly  that  it's scary.... I think so haha
I feel like time is just slipping by without notice.     This saddens me. I need more time.
lode vs flash , damn i am losing time  valuable time
@FiftyOneDegrees Welcome to the world of free time... too much free time 
@carriescooking   Do you know a time frame?
@tommcfly please come to australia again but this time come to melbourne. i missed u guys last time 
What happen to wasting your time with me?  LOL But, 
@splatEric I can only dream of being able to run that distance in that time!! 
There was a time where I had time to lose time  dead tied.......
@IWantGreenEggs You realize that when your friend doesn't have time for you when you have time for him only when he/she has time for you 
@kteharris  the second time...the first time I fell victim to the dreaded dysentery. 
biggest waste of time  time to rob a winner lol
@STEVENFELIX awww...i missed it. sadness  next time im definitely going. no pre-partying for me! im glad u had a great time
@BrookeHundley shit, i wish i had seen this in time, i totally would have hooked you up  sorry for not checking sooner, maybe next time...
I'm sad. this may be my last time with these girls  time to move on I guess?
@siopa0 I wanted on dance too  next time peeblo next time
Oh well they still have a chance next time 
@thatgirlmaya haha damn! I was so burnt out on all time low at that point in time but when I heard the setlist I was pissed I didn't go 
At the airport in corpus. I hope this last time i have to do this for a very long time. I hate this 
just watched the documentary 'Earthlings' for the umpteenth time, it is always upsetting 
Is angry.. for wasting my time on him 
Oh crap, bed time NOW. Seriously, you guys. I mean it. I'll do it this time. 
It can't be time to wake up already  I must hit snooze one more time.
@jcfromadiki - not yet. ive been so busy  but i need to make it a priority. time is ticking.
@optimusprim would love to sweets! But I don't think I will have any time.  next time?
@cherylcxe all the time man, all the time 
@almadsfeika It's the third time she's vanished like this, and I have a nasty feeling that this time she may not be coming back. 
just learned I can't clap &amp; sing at the same time. hence, I suck.  #ignitephx
@geekishpirate I don't know, but I think it increases your chances. I wish I had more time. 
@VegasMusic its always next time  but next time never come
This is my 1st time watching Jeoaprdy w/ out @SlickRick0227 in a long time.... 
It hurt taking a shower!  time for vic. and bed time.
Nearly home time...not bed time though sadly!! 
Wow I am up far too early. I'm only ever up at this time due to #coffeefuelledcoding but this time I have to go to the doctors 
 it's time for poh to leave, but it's not her time !
Sleeeeepy eyess... but time for Brothers &amp; Sisters, then E.R. all whilst cleaning 
how can i be loosing you forver, after all this time weve spent together? 
how can i be loosing you forever, after all this time weve spent together? 
im trying to spend as much time with my cuzin if he would let me spend time with him 
Feeling a little homesick...for the first time in a very loooooooooooong time 
Wanting to spend time with friend but obviously they dont have the time!!! 
@EcoMomma lol. How are you today? You just disappear on me from time 2 time 
@MikeyD09 The one time NJTransit is on time! That sucks. 
@kteone I just don't agree  I'm at fuze having a great time
Misses 1 vs 100 already  time to have some family time.
@autumnconfusion you finished it? i've not had time  boo im up to the bit where they say ily for the first time. i do know some more...
i don't understand women, thought i did but i do not and every time i talk to one i end up saying sorry almost every time 
@moefugger i wish u had wanted spend time with me when i'm here once and u got time 
rocking out to @ifightdragons ... at home  ... next time dragons... next time...
according to my time table there s no time to even breathe .... 
when i woke up the time was 11:16. Now I checked the time for the second time for this day...the time is 12:16.  I am sad.
@nunumama24 glad you had a good time. next time take me with you 
@ames23 Lack of time when the whole fam is together at the same time. And when we have the time, we don't seem to have the funds!  
Why is it that he so easily disappoints me time and time again? he never changes.  
Oh no! look at the time! It's time for me to be asleep so I can go to the place where I spend all my time! 
http://twitpic.com/8dcp0 - makes me think of the last time.. 
argh! i cant even find the time to eat and take a bath decently! it takes too much time!! and i dont have time! 
Pos the last time I'm in the parish for a long time. 
@tweeterdiva If time permitted, even with 36,000 followers, I would @Reply everyone back who takes their time to @reply me. 
@sarahkatharine We need to hang out some time for story time 
Using twitter for the first time....i know....i know....it was about time to do it! 
workie workie time.  this time at franklin road.
@linehan I know it always seems a good idea at the time but we suffer for it big time 
@karasorensen Maybe I'll share the meaning another time... 
So many things to do an so little time. However I still find time to tweet! 
@dianarowland It can *not* be time for coffee when it's time for bed.  Other than that, I dunno 
tomorow will be the first time in a long time that i dont have to go to work 
@ENDURdave yes it is - I am very pleased with the time - even though it was a bit past where I wanted to be - there is next time 
@BlackoutsBox The is a time for every~thing.. even a time for 'THE SERIOUS' but not all the time 
@ishmejamie I can do both at the same time it just takes longer 
Has butterflies for the first time in a really long time! 
had an amazing time in indore. time to leave the city, and move on to faridabad maybe. packing up again... 
morrrning. time for school. (: time to learn! 
this is my second to last biology and the first time that i have ever been on time. Haha. 
@joelhouston maybe I missed my chance this time 
well sro is over... last time on stage at gcs... 
@smallsharptools nevermind. i lost the ability to tell time. catching a cab now. maybe next time 
@Seorse I want to learn more about P/S but don't take the time to mess w/it like I should. (okay I'm off to bed for real this time) 
long time runner #3hotwords 
i feel refreshed and useful. time for some productivity 
Going out shopping with my brother. About time I spend bonding time with him. 
Just had a great time celebrating the engagement of @ajwatson and @jilllancaster. Now bed time 
