Most common words for this cluster:
[('time', 3946), ('lol', 115), ('things', 91), ('u', 79), ('today', 75), ('way', 73), ('something', 66), ('day', 63), ('haha', 59), ('amp', 59), ('thing', 58), ('com', 53)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'time', 0.9093194603919983), (u'MICHELLE_WIE_Yeah', 0.6062248349189758), (u'just', 0.6033366322517395), (u'JELENA_JANKOVIC_Yeah', 0.592338502407074), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.5858408808708191), (u'Trazanna_Moreno_decided', 0.5851061940193176), (u'%_#F########_7v.jsn', 0.5841530561447144), (u'sanctuary_DellaBianca', 0.5837081670761108), (u'ANDY_RODDICK_Yeah', 0.5831223130226135), (u'RAFAEL_NADAL_Yeah', 0.582245945930481)]





getting sick  time for some hot tea, studying, and then sleeeep
@infinitydefines  omgawd i couldnt handle my cat being in heat all the time D: D:
@karenucol ah! I bet it does I've been like craving to play softball or basketball !!! But I have noo time 
I don't understand why things get taken away. I didn't have enough time with him its unfair. I want him back!! He was like my baby 
@cococourtney i was just listening to the sweets for the first time in forever! i miss them so much  can we go to chi town for visits plz?
@limbecky I'm doing the time warp without you and am sad. 
faces a mammoth task for the rest of the day, so many things to do, so little time   
@StephenDon24 I just cant commit the time though, my play time isnt the same as everyone elses 
is awake at a sensible time and is doing alot of coursework bohoo 
last time i watched this movie it had this huge epiphinal line that was exactly what i needed. now that i need it again i can't find it. 
@karinhoegh So true. I love Frienfeed, but there are so many cool apps out there that delivers value and so little time 
i hate this time, i am super bored but everyone is sleeping 
@kleinjinx it seems like my in-laws are coming over easter. we will have to meet another time. 
oops havnt been on 4 a while... so much school work, hardly any time 4 myself!! 
@mfarnsworth You and I will both be retired by the time this is all done mate.. 
coffee time - wish i had whiskey like @cameronreilly 
@andyclemmensen  lol i know i hate old computers  they suck big time! :p
@ivyclark - the name was ironic when first used (10/2/04), and it stuck (now over 5 years later). Of course, all irony is lost in time 
@jphni20 Thanks, I have that one myself - haven't had time to look at it yet though  Sounds like I should!
@zzap What do you mean someone will &quot;finally&quot; love you? I love you, and have for a long time. 
Spring time is over  http://twitpic.com/2yagh
I wish I had been home in time to sleep next to my husband before he went to work for once.  
Oh no...!  It's expense report time;  over 4 cm of receipts  
so I messed up in setting my alarm last night and over slept  no time to study for my test..hope I am able to wing it and pass!
@problogger aweber doesn't have a time feature on sends? 
I really hate classes that are a waste of time. 
time to sleep, to much research makes me sleepy and wanting to travel again sooner 
@alannahscott that long! things are never simple! I wanted to pierce my tongue over this holiday but couldnt because of the healing time! 
i am kind of bummed...did not make my numbers for the first time. 
@rbild89 i know.  it sucks. why does that happen to me all the time. i need a different brain.
Just seen the fail whale. For the first time in ages. 
@cndavis still disappointed been riding with @sprint for a long time, plans r the best but not the handsets 
justin-hard time finding work me-hard time being happy 
today is already bleh, didnt have time to str8n hair, late, and have a headache, wanted to sleep forever, !!! 
@SurrendrDorothy I had a tough time doing anything here yesterday around 3, 3:30. 
trying sushi for the very first time,.... but not being very open minded  sorry
They put my dog to sleep  after like 15 years of tripping over her every time i come home its kinda weird not seeing her here.
@johncmayer please, can yoy say me, what time is it there? i have the pic winner, the tatoo-my friend is sleeping in this moment, 
this situation really makes me rethink my time with ben 
@taylorswift13 it's about prom time again, isn't it? ahhh I miss it.  I should go and try dresses on haha.
@lukepasqualino 2010?? That's a long time from now.  have you guys started filming? I'm way too excited for series 4!
is sad cause its time to get up 
@StephanGeyer Should I re-install it? Last time it was buggy as hell 
is one again, locked up in my bedroom, i'm really sick of spending all my time in here, i just want friends yo. 
@hyperglobalmega I was asleep by the time you sent that message. 
@augustine25 is infected with the Mikeey worm big time. 
hanging of with the &quot;corps&quot; for the last time... 
@JenBrately I wish I could have been there! I'm bummed  hope you had a good time!
hey kids ! i am back and i still have coke zero but no skittles  . time to dance !! yay random song title time !!! HYPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER !!!
Just might cry every time she looks out the window and sees all this snow... 
I'm so sorry. I made a mistake to some people who I know won't waste time reading this. But still I'm sorry 
@shanealexander  - lol! i only like to go to get a cleaning!  I hate going if I have a cavity  and last time I did!
@etherb0x good call except they were gone by the time I got there 
@etherb0x good call, but they were gone by the time I got there 
for now, i just want to spend some sweet quality time with danny. even if it is through internet/phone only. 
This is the first time since we've been married that I won't be sleeping next to my husband. 
@stallanddean maybe next time... 
@reoracer I was crawling out of bed about the same time but I don't even work nights! I feel so lazy, I guess I have a good excuse though 
i know quoting future episodes isn't really spoiling anything, but every time i read them, i feel spoiled 
More call grandparents time. 
@koolhipchica i never got anything about what time  i texted you and got ahold of you on here...or at least tried..
dozens ideas for b-fiction, average amount of writing skills, lack of free time 
time to work on my sex paper 
How come every time I eat something my stomach hurts afterwards. I'm really starting to hate food 
is really hating this being alone thing  But I am not going to settle this time, I deserve the best!
30 min till campanile time and I still need a partner 
I'm home in pain as always. At least I have a reason this time 
For a really long time now she's the only girl i keep thinking about its about to be a year and still nothing guess my chances are up 
trying to figure out some stuff...but every time i put my thinking cap i think about cricket match i will be playing few hrs from now.... 
@effyobie haha it sucks  i'm going to save everything like every 2 seconds now lol :p this is like the 3rd time i've made the same icons
why is no one awake?!? I need more friends in different time zones 
I keep thinking I am going to get to bed early but by the time I read the etsy forum a bit and check in here time is gone 
watching bed time stories with my broha.... and not feeling well... but needing to do some homework.... 
is super worn out! but had an amazing time!!  i'm really sad it's over. 
such a bore, analysis time 
Closing time at zeros boo  time to chug those beers fuckers
finally went out. kind of lame but we made it fun. ouch paper time 
@softer_softest Haha, either was fine.  I stop my tweets at 10 because I &lt;3 sleep sometimes so no real time reply 
Where the hell the holidays go I was doing homework and instill run out of time 
@sunsetoverdose the first time was a glass of water. this time, however, was a bourbon and ginger... i wasn't even drunk. just clumsy. 
@FrancescAcknet I'd hate to have to look at that notice each time I went to get some milk 
sometimes people suprise you and prove you wrong when all you do is be there for them, guess it's time to move on....having a hard night 
Adding first level of polish to walk cycle. Should be finished soon hopefully, as render time is going to kill me 
I had waaay too much fun this weekend. Now time for the unfun stuff to begin 
@510boss I know  was pushing the truth of suicidal B to no avail. Not my fault this time! She only read it cause everyone at school was.
Finally woke up,had an awesome time last night now to go home nd start doing whatever homework I have 
@marginatasnaily haha! yes she is. bloody time difference 
Why is no one online at this time 
@JessTheBestDuuh whaaaaaat??? omg ive been missing out   i def need sum time with the girls  LETS HAAANG!!
i hate school! i can't believe it ...... im failing  big time!!! And i can't help it, i try and try but never get anywhere! 
@AnnHawkins I am suitably chastened. I shall stand in the corner until such time as Tittch allows me to come out again. 
work and then home to do college work :/ not fun in the slightest, no time to see anyone 
time to work out, if the kids get up in time maybe church again, then lunch with friends... &quot;my throat is on fire&quot; too... 
This shift will b over in two hours....can't wait to go home &amp; spend some time w/ my guys...B4 i have to turn around &amp; b right back here 
@nicholasbraun aww you poor thing  i remember when i cracked my phones glass. i felt so sad every time i looked at it. 
@sebby_peek give me a time and i'll be there babe 
@SeekingPlumb can't remember the last time i got to just crawl into bed and be awake enough to read anything  so sad
@MadBrad i dont even have any grows here in lake county yet   , the first time in like 11 years now i dont have anything growing by 4/20
woo well thats the stream finished time for meetings till late huzzah... 
Oh gosh, I'm currently missing my cheer time 
@nicholasbraun I feel your pain.  I dropped mine for the first time the other day and my heart skipped a beat. 
@darktwisty MDRRR. I scare myself, I feel like my brain is gone, and this for a long time 
@Nevidge20 Nevidge, if I start walking now I can get there on time...but it is that dang water that will create a problem 
@BananasMel yep ex grilfriend..wonder how I was able to stay so long...I wasted  my time but..whatever.. 
is drinking coffee ... not so perfect this time 
Telling people we dont sell outdoor solar lights...for the fourth time 
Usually partying heals all.. Not this time &amp; it sucks 
Thinking I need to learn art of deligation, either that or get a sugar fix as energy levels have reached all time low 
I need a shower and some food! Then its time to be productive 
He's stu k in traffic every othe time this happens I don't get to see him 
Horrible time in town 1. i had to go to m and s 2. had to try stuff on in ladies section 
that's enough relaxation, time to study for my finals 
More broken glass from the fishing daily.  This time it's orange and 10 copper 
is spending some quality time with janice before she has to go home 
is a bit tired of this rain=headache thing.  seems to be happening almost every time this year so far.
lawn time 
time to hit the sack. I'm feeling a bit sick... hopefully cold is not getting near me 
At work for the third time this weekend.  oh what fun!
@Nicksy I'm sure they won't!  We had a fair bit of rain  , but who cares, we had a great time! I'd love to say its great to be back!
plan to do something retrieval spend the time, I stay all day in front of a computer 
homework time 
@Kristynh1203 wish we coulda spent more time together 
@mileycyrus how can you be at two places at the same time. I am also confused now. :x  i cant wish sweet dreams now 
pineapple sherbert then nap time 
@rosewowie I'm in a similiar boat one time zone behind you... 
sooo dreading going back to reality.  i've enjoyed my time off.  i wonder how many e-mails i have upon my return to work.. 
I look like an abuse victim...but for the last time   I'm not sure what I'll do w/o lacrosse.  Suggestions welcome.
@angryaussie my dad forgot the brand of the camera, they had one left but missed out by the time he decided to text 
@whatever1013 it's only a matter of time before our workplace bans this site. 
going to bed.  i wish the hubby had more time off 
forgot the cell phone halfway across the world  time to crash and rest up for work tomorrow
homework time 
@somehispanicguy i dont get much sleep either   everyday is the same... too stressed to sleep most of the time
@pascy Many times I have had NO time at all for myself. Now that they are older, I'm lonely cause they dont need me as much anymore 
on page 7.. still got a long way to go  ..sleeping time!!!!xoxo
flat needs cleaning badly - time to get it done 
@MarkStanto partial win on the concept, a load time of over a minute though, fail 
Sending my better half off to work, then it will be time for me to go....Mondays  
Still on the conference call, been 50mins, was only supposed to be 30 max and it's not sounding like ending any time soon 
okay, now i'm done relaxing. time to get ready. 
no time for buying anything... i have alot of homework 
The future lingers uncertain for my son.    One step at a time.
gggrrr, staff satisfaction survey time again 
i have the time differences, everyone is at school 
is off to bed have to get up in 5 hrs for work  getting way to engrossed into my books and forgetting the time... i shall be slightly  ...
@croaq Didn't have time to check anything about the update yet 
i think it's time to put another blanket on my bed. i'm cold 
Nothing more heart wrenching, then waking up to find out your child has self-injured themselves first time in months. 
I...I so can't watch the #Torturewood feed right now. One trauma at a time, please. 
@Liannemosphere we all know someone like this, unfortunately.  don't waste your time!
@nenegarcia no, it's good. i've done my time, so i'm done. i DEFINITELY have some stories for you.haha. and no, no more free tickets. 
has allergies  which he found out can develop over time as you get settled into a new geographic area
bed time bed time!! back to the daily grind tomorrow.        crappy vacation sucked!
Feeling stabby. I want Nickla time now 
@chrisridd Ah yes, the facets thing mentioned at LOSUG. A cleanup has been due for some time. 
@midphase our website is down. seems the hosting company has some datacenter issues. that is the first time in over three years. 
Lunch time tonight way more boring 
@GoldLeader toadie was at miw one time. i missed it 
@nicolane yes that is true   because of this i use tweetdeck works fine most of time (with some small limits)
I've been working almost non-stop that I feel out of touch with the rest of the world - no time for tweets or events 
@Smophs  nope, no money and as none of the gigs were near me i couldn't afford to travel   i'll see them some other time though
Also no dairy based security dramas this time 
No time for tea  had to do some cleaning instead  
hates this time of the semester 
is running out of time for the maths assignment!1!11 
downloading house...it takes a lot of time  
right about now i would give absolutely annything to go back in time.. even just for one night. i miss my old life.....  pleeeease..?
@landencelano even if I borded a plane now, I wouldn't make it in time 
@FredJo23 oh I LOVE this movie. This is probably the 100th time I've seen it. And it has the same effect every time 
Is going out to the bars because someone stood her up for the 3rd time in one week, must be a record. . .  and drinking beats crying!
time to clean up these desktop. folders all over the place = a distraction 
There used to be a time when us 80s babies were the youngesters, that is no longer true 
had a great time last night thank you xx half way to cornwall  xx
mum just gave me my  flu needle  and for the first time in so long i do not feel tired at all YAY
@twinkleboi What the hell  what time does it start?
time for work  but then its dancing time 
def bed time for me! wish i had my heater boy 
had a wonderful time tonight, but now I am also the owner of a massive headache. epic fail. 
i have just booked my driving test... again.. 3rd time lucky i hope! Does anyone have any advice on how to overcome nerves? 
The cat has just been sick whilst running through the kitchen ........... I may be some time 
is bummed because the business cards didn't get here in time 
@denharsh and we ... the part-time bloggers have only weekends to publish contents 
i want to upload a new picture..... but i can't  oh well, all in due time i supose
...*whispers* at least not all the time 
the one night I go to sleep early every person under the sun feels I need to be woken up...final sleep time 4:45 meeh 
@danregal tell me about it!  I get lonely when I'm online at this time 
had such an amazing time at colour, now back to the real world...work later 
@Dpek having a quiet time with my friend...it's pouring outside  what about u??
I almost forgot/ i had to unlock both doors/ during business time 
is happy wow wow wow [but end of the spring break  and time to do homework *cries* ]
why don't no 1 look at my pic   i not twittering for a long time 
finally home. sad that I didn't get to party wit my friends like that 2nite. next time 
needs sleep. can't remember the last time i had a decent sleep  http://plurk.com/p/rcy88
@Selenaxo why did you said my password in my information box...Now everyone can hack me  and i will use spiderpig some other time ,
fun time over 
its to early. time to ref little kids again 
Waiting on time machine to finish a backup, tis taking a while  that's what happens when u aint done it for over 40days!
Just back from #geocaching the caches I failed at last time... got one... failed again on the other  (via @ribzlike) http://bit.ly/bfXD1
feels better now that its time to sleep...  nite all
Johnnys for the last time with sue 
@crystalpaine ...a week... not much room for mistakes or owning my own domain or anything actually.  SO I spend a lot of time looking..,
@BabylonBurning Heyyyyy it's not my fault that everyone else decided it was home time 
@markhallCC when u come 2 poplar bluff i do!!!!!!! but sevierville...i couldnt drive there i time 
@SereniTee @zen_devil_duck Thanks! Only took me nearly 7 years... running a caching biz impacts the caching time 
@lukedupont sorry we didn't make it to happy hour; couldn't get it together by 7   next time for sure
no matter how many times i watch a walk to remember...i cry..every damn time 
@CoryBenjamin long time? haha it been forever and a day! but it was a lot of fun.. i miss it 
I guess that means it's time to wake up 
had a amazing time last night with her favourite person in the world  didnt want to come home 
Aw - the sun went away.  But there's still time to make it to the library and pick up some reading material before the rain arrives!
@mixtpinay i love you lyssa!!! next time we r NOT gona be sober lol...I feel sick 
@BasiaEllen It went back up to 5+ munny for about 20 minutes then it froze and now only gives 1 munny every time I throw something in. 
@loveemetwotimes idkk..but i think i came close to gettin in trouble with the law for the first time last nite 
strep and mono at the same time means I'll be tweeting less 
Moms having a hard time..... They shld all leave now they r just stressing her out. 
@emilyhanlon I forget my cloth bag almost every time, too 
@Cadistra time to go to the doc and get youself checked out. might have something stuck in your second stomach. 
what is this twitter... i see it on tv all the time, and set up an account along time ago... but nothing ever happens 
@ervinthepoetic i'm a waste of time! srsly  ...
has decided not to buy boxing - only my first time ever!!! - lol. i gota get up early, so bed early 
Wish I lived in a time where having to have 2 jobs was completely unnecessary..     (*sleepy*)
@stephaniemm is that time?  feel better
@CocktailChic At least for the time being...     How are things with you?
turning off my comp. so i have no distractions... homework time 
had great time tonight, just wish my good time didn't have to come at the expense of my homework 
I had a great time with you!....I just hope you feel better soon, cause sickness is making me sad 4u 
*sigh* my weekend of freedom...done....until next time 
Unfortunately our age started to show, feet and backs started bothering us and we never made it back out to what sounds like a great time 
Drinking coffee...a lot of it actually...hope I can stay awake at class. No studio time today.... 
I just played in my first jam session ever. Then they kicked me off the drums  it was my first time 
@janicellamoca I got lost in anaheim :/  I barely found my way back  so sad but u will soooo be done eating by the time I get there!
@JusNcredible106 I got lost in anaheim :/  I barely found my way back  so sad but u will soooo be done eating by the time I get there!
Getting a time out error in everything! Aak 
i want to sleep but i keep thinking about that spider that i couldn't get to in time... its still somewhere around my bed. ... ... ... 
i wish i had more time for everything  i hate taking shortcuts.
multitasking. watching camp rock at the same time as facebooking &amp; bitesizing. i wish i was naturally clever at science, i hate revsion 
@trickyshirls Aww, I'm sorry about that.  I hope you feel better soon xx  Couldn't have come at a worse time for you could it 
@ningningning haha i haven't had anything different in a while too. it's time for change. and how can you not care bout spiderman?  :O
@alexisnotfunny Eeeep.. i just wish i had more time to revise  especially with business finance.. i still dont understand it at all :/
Internets running so sloooooooooooooow, feeling shiiiit. hurry up time, go faster 
We'll never make it in time to see lance NOW!  http://twitpic.com/4h5f7
it's hard saying good bye to friends all the time. I know I'll see them again soon, but still... 
@whitespider1066 That's a bad time for the thing to pack up 
@karlmlee no - I wish I was!!  everyone is going. we were all together in europe this time last year.
HAtes HAtes English Lit revision what a pointless waste of time 
@queenkaye twin has been in some pain   How is happy valley? And sorry I haven't hit you back but I haven't chatted with anyone...no time
@delanahenry i can barely sew a seam! which reminds me..i really need to make time for some more sewing lessons. i miss rhona! 
ugh i have a crush on jack barakat  this is definitely an all time low for myself. o, you see what i did thur~
Is missing mike very much, need to spend some time with him soon 
is so sad. i think my laptop is broken.  and just in time for finals too!
just had an amzing time with her boyfriend who i miss loads! 
This is like the billionth time me getting hacked for something important to me. 
@hectorbrossi @devilgotmywoman I liked X3 the first time around but didn't tell a soul for fear of being mocked  
@grazyna I always forget to try the milkshakes there!  Next time!
saying goodbye to the lake one more time . . . 
Hates how fast time is going! 
i think i'm an idiot! I do that to myself all the time! 
@ResourcefulMom I heard that about the football game. What were we saying about time standing still in some places? 
had my fun this weekend...now its paper time 
@AppStoreMod Wow man that's so cool I only got 8  I think it's time to get serious and start referring!
Wondering where the interest in PureDarwin has gone, after spending some more time in the channel just now. 
I wanted the time stop!!!  i'm unhappy!!!
@bday01 i didnt even get a chance to see u  maybe next time friend!
Spend some time away from the computer and what heappens: I miss everything 
@kuyaz Ahh, too bad   another time... Ads for these things tick me off, in case you couldn't tell! lol!
@Catfish_Man so no real effect on build time?   is that a clean build?
just heard from my parents...no fish this time 
Usually gives good advice... Not this time I guess 
confuse! big time.... sigh!! 
back to school tmrw   i want to go back to friday soooo bad. greatest time ever. i miss it.
@xallthatjazzx  you're right! I need some nice ones this time!
@sunburntdoe ugh, I have that too unfortunately  Another time, no worries!
Just tried oysters for the first time...not a fan 
Tired from cleaning *yawn*.. sleepy time already? boo 
@thamicunha another? i need a new crush.. my last one was a wast of time 
@yoitslion   kinda last minute..next time!
@SOCguitar11 I didn't even see anyone. I stayed in a bands tent the entire time basically. It is raining and about 2 degrees 
jail time postponed until further notice....well...there goes my night..she ruins everything... 
Now its time to move onto my ap us history homework 
has a sick car living on borrowed time 
@Roqayah lucky. i wish i had more time 2 study.. i graduate on the 8th. yikesss. studying and being on line..haha what a joke. i'm so bad 
Ugh! Why must the cookies burn?....every time 
is going to be under the hairdryer a long time. 
Kids at the door... they actually have chocolate this time! But I have no coin  /cry
Going to bed alone for the first time in weeks.  wish me luck! I miss my bff so much already  
stuck in a workshop n a strict boss - no time to twit 
@ragdollgonewild and time flies too, when you need to rush stuff 
Amazed at how a 16hr time change can actually have SUCH an impact on my sleeping patterns 
@duckofalltrades It's the only time it's quiet with a toddler, naps aren't reliable anymore 
Does anyone know why every time I try to login its the wrong password even after just changing it??? 
@sashaaa I see people type URLs in search fields all the time. 
is finally done with studio but now have the worst cold ever  so i can't even enjoy my free time...wish i was home so mom could help me
urgle. up to my armpits in sales data for a client. not the way i'd choose to spend my birthday.  now for some couch time.
@_chesca my parents again. it's worse this time though but it's so stupid 
@shanghailaine I'm sorry!! What happened? A kitten I had a long time ago got curious and strolled into the middle of a large road...splat 
first time updating twitter in agessss  nothing new tobe fair  same old same old.
@Magicbert I know. Technically I had the highest bid because there was 50 seconds left and i was on time. But it kept saying stuff 
@michellebranch More fun, faster the time goes 
Podcasts are super but they don't leave much time for listening to music. 
thinks its revision time 
@hollyswansonUK Your page is taking lot of time for my netwrk to load 
@chloewrites I missed mine too  Congratulations on catching yourself in time!
You may have won this time but next time I will not succumb. http://www.apple.com/getamac/ads/ I want my mommy! 
@hasbean we're going to leave a bit earlier to try and miss the traffic so won't make it  Thanks for the offer, next time hopefully!
@Jocassels count me in for doughnuts! yes am really struggling with sleep pattern, knackered all the time and back for 3 on weds 
Just had to cancel my tee time    Now I have to find something else to do with my day off!
I bought time...I still feel bad for everyone that's taking the exam now. 
my comp is not handeling NLtracks front&amp;back, photoshop, mail and tweet open at the same time  still waiting for my pro!
Is the biggest hobo of all time 
anxious for exams, sad i'm leaving all of my friends and the fact that we don't even have time to to hang out one last time before we go 
everything is out of my house, I almost cried tonight when I left knowing it was the last time I would be there. 
sorry for the long time no see 
@RandiRichelle I'm so mad at myself. I completely forgot about the concert and now there is no way I can make it in time  I'm so sad!!!!
@fwdmotion No... sorry... i didnt realize what time it was.  wish i could though.
Is havin a good time at the wedding but my bestie is really sick  hope she gets better
time for a new phone... mine just broke. 
It's getting late already? Where does the time go when you're not paying attention? I think 1 hour just passed and felt like 10 minutes. 
@tink4110 just sad cause we don't get 2 experience a show together this time   unless a miracle happens
I didn't think they could do it, but somehow they made the hotel internet suck even more  I guess its time for bed.
pasts are not easy to forget i think,it keeps coming back. will it happen this time? haha impossible 
@AnneKinLA I'm being silly. I was in twitter time out.  I wonder of ?uest gets put in time out.
@pinkcookiz when you tweet too much twitter puts you in time out for an hour. locked out! sucks! 
about 2  watch twilight 4 the 2nd time...it doesn't even suck 
is thinking this could be the last time he goes to sleep with a goatee 
going to church... anne is not preaching   but i have been toldto anticipate a good time.  time to be on my best behavior! ;)
@christyluo i just fell asleep at my keyboard, it's 3pm local time. jetlag is ruining my vacation!! 
Just logged in to @blipfm for the first time in months and I can see from my feed (or lack of it), everyone left 
Is getting sick  please don't get sick...now's not the time :'(
Feels completely wired and fed up at the same time 
@jamesmb ahh nice one! I don't listen to podcasts much - just dont have the time 
@error505 Just wish they would be quiet or have a hangover too  dont know why I fly home for such little time. what getting to you?
@HoptonHouseBnB  I'm dreading when mine get to that age because I will have three in the house at the same time 
i miss the pool, hope i can find time to be with my team mates next semester, i miss swimming so much 
Although there are more than thousand vocabulary files you can download... I am working on a windows program but it takes its time 
@DebbieFletcher nope they didn't include wales on their tour this time  it was the best concert last time though! the forgot about us! X
Prediction of the future: I will spend all non-working time on my demo. Buhuhuuu. 
@jasimmo yes I know that feeling!  What time did you get in?
In addition to the time change, my body is now rejecting food 
I think its time to quit drinkin and start acting like an adult again... 
ah! wish I knew what was happening  but...for now, essay time!
BURRR! It's freezing. so much for 70 degrees. It got cold outside, big time. Hopefully my garden doesn't freeze over 
Last time to lead worship at the bridge.... 
@therealprincess oh no, i got that message after I just ate it all - I'm not even joking!  I'll let you know in advance next time!
Walking buddy for the last time  the stay is almost over
in bus now.. no chargin point this time 
3 stops bad choice  reckon rubens will have lost out to massa n vettel if they all stop one more time 
Double damn - heading for the gym at half-time but I won't be looking for the game 
@aggroboy the problem I have is for the first time in years I don't like any of the drivers. So dull when you don't care who wins 
just sitting in the house watching two and a half men and listening to music at the same time - sundays are so boring 
engga  terlalu panik liat spion patah. next time i'll keep my eye stand by )
just drove home from an awesome camping weekend..haha a little iffy for my first time on an interstate..but now it's homework time. 
@PioneerHall argg I feel so bad that I was told the wrong time, then told everyone else the wrong time!  my mind hasn't been with me
@xXfatlipXx nope, i was backing it up at the time but because it like died its all gone  it will actually take months to get it all back
all my friends are gone now, homework time 
pissed off with my team that never pay attention at all on the things already mentioned, stupid mistakes and waste of time 
Generally freaking out about how little time I have to do everything I need to do. 
I got most of my gardening done this weekend, but I didn't get to spend any time on my photography 
@ashleyvirus It's so worth it, though. I'm a custom content fiend, although I haven't had the time to play lately. Now I want to play... 
How do people take out time for family when I never have enough time for myself? 
hopes he can get to sleep at a decent time... I used to be able to sleep well.... ugh 
So close to being done! Then its time to be stuck at home 
@lanadawn awwww that's a sucky time for a final 
@GizzYGuAp I told u what happen da last time I tried dat! I'm ova it I need to find a new way to find guys  (LoL j/p)
eating mangoes . i dont like being all lonely all the time 
@Smenley lol I saw that pun the first time. 
@psierze2 that is my all time fav food... But now I don't eat meat 
Why does it have to be so cold?  I think its time to get my gloves out, if I can find them!
off to bed, way past this graduates bed time! work is going to come too quickly 
@ElCaptainMorgan noo i dont think so! its just not workin out for me this time!  so saddd. but i mean theres a billion more trips!
eastern standard time. not a big fan of you right now 
@armchairs I hope we get to! the time's really short 
I called... But no answer  but then answer... But no time! Aaahhhhhhh LOL
its time to buy something   
@katrinalacsam it's addictive   i played it one time yesterday and did really good somehow though !
@FuschiaFoot my take some time unfortunately. 
angel eyes why do you look back, when all this time you knew id be here, in this world all alone. fraking song stuck in my head 
Just finished scrubs  now...interventions time!
@spldrttngrl Probably wont be able to have one since I wont have time to give it all the attention it needs  I'll just admire others!
@RaziRazak  i know.... time to get some proper rest honey! if not, next time how.. xx
@nohhii i'm still up studying for my history final- i feel u! what time is it where you are?? almost 4am here! 
where are all my chat people at?  I'm in chat for the first time in forever and none of you are around 
@MeganOh we won't have time to head up north, sorry  #roadtwip
has not had the time to watch the latest episode of 90210 yet. 
Brushed up and just put my dentures in to soak overnight. I think it's time for bedtime...alone 
@jbullet I know - I *really* don't want to get it  How have u been? long time no speak!
@emilymalan It's okay. I don't know if I'll have time to finish the stencils unless I bring my laptop with me to work. 
alas!just finished another song. wrote it in record time.record time! now if only i didn't leave all my recording shit @ the other house. 
time for that coffee already 
@mileycyrus it isn't... I'd call @spencerpratt too...*lol* but I'm in germany at the moment... :'( ...time difference u know... 
time for balance sheets and income statements 
@glittershim  i know. it's this dang leafing roof. i have to watch it every time it rains or my entire scrap room will be ruined. 
i know. it's this dang leaking roof. i have to watch it every time it rains or my entire scrap room will be ruined. 
@drdogbert I have no chance to survive make my time  someone set up us the coursework deadline...
Just woke up time to do homework 
@Schofe lets hope it doesent go during pudding time....that be too sad...... 
How much i wish i could hold him in my arms for one last time! 
bored bored bored  what can I do???  later:soccer time  but now bored 
disappointed that unable to waterski at the moment due to re-occuring migraines every time I ski 
@ComedyQueen it seems to be okay now. But I had trouble when I first got on. It froze every time I tried to reply to someone. 
Oh noes! I is wearing business casual again for the first time in 2 months. I already miss my t-shirts and jeans 
@JaytheBigLug I have all three sitting on my bookshelf, just haven't had time to read them yet! 
-@bjoernknafla It spends as much time allocating memory to manage the tasks as it does running them 
@BONESgirl28 I cried myself to sleep last night...  i'm so depressed right now LOL. time to write hot and dirty fanfiction...
should i love or hate the fact that my body no longer needs alarm clocks to wake up on time? is that the first sign of becomin an adult?! 
up early for the first time since school let out. 
time for me to go to sleep. i am exhausted and my knee kills 
@GingerDoesGolf ouch, kinda cuts in2 the tee time 
@melovemakeup aw no  hope you get them soon!  will try moisturizser next time i think. i'm so pale :|
@DavidArchie had a great time seeing both of you! gosh. hope you guys could have stayed longer. 
Watching my bloody valentine!.. No 3D glasses this time. 
@legacy62 hello yes I have been working so hard I have not had time to jump on 
i don't post on the express, i view it from time to time. just read them saying other fans of mine should be shot???  terrible
for the first time in my life, i know what it feels like to be sick with disappointment 
Now is NOT the time to get sick 
it is time to get into the books 
Best night ever. I wish my wisdom tooth would stop hurting   time for sleep.
@chantalicious no theres a time slot in the afternoon 
weekend @ office..sucks big time 
@erinivey Didn't get the contract in time, have to take the song out.Any chance to send the contract asap?  If not, maybe next time. 
@claudianei @quinniesin sorry i missed out but i'll try to make it next time .. although knowing me i'll probably be working again 
you know when you look forward to something...and then that time comes and it never happens? well, times that by 1000...that's how i feel 
i don't know who is waking up and who is going to bed because all my twitterers represent 4 different time zones 
An itchy trigger finger with only 111 diggs and 1 submission in last 48 hours.  only the 2nd time I've gotten the itchy trigger warning.
time for bed now since i have to go to work tomorrow @ 9... way to early 
Long time at the barber shop..will have to wait long time to get a haircut 
Apparently a bad mood affects the passage of time. 
@JPMizDELiCiOUS word u never invite  take me next time...
napped and wasted precious time  now i'm watching football and slamball!
eurovision time  too bad its been spoilt for me 
@nickybyrneoffic Gutted, it wasnt shown  You need to get one of us doing you're own videoing next time!
thinks it may be time to buy a new pc soon 
@shanajaca I'll go for that, but I don't have time to rest, I have too much work to do 
@michiika what about just..words...like... how do I say bolognese in canto LOL or 'boot'. I've just been singing 'shoes' this whole time 
just read all over my blogs. miss that time in MobaMingle 
the sun is out and nobody has time for me! 
World of warcraft is not the best thing to play if you only wanted somthing to pass the time, it normaly ends up passing the day instead 
i am soooo sick of being sick all the time....  
sickly...  spending time with her baby...
@hiabowman just planning it out...no time for fun...no 
is gonna be in trouble cause my phone died and the power went off so i didnt wake up in time for church 
it's studying time now, writing report... so boring... 
ugh...my energy has been gone for 3 days. time for a well balanced breakfast! assuming i dont get nauseous  my body hates me
sorry i have not been on for a long time i have a cold 
So much homework, so little time! 
headache  spending some time today to work on frasca's dumb notebook
My legs are sooooo sore  having a hard time walking....leading worship tonight
in the process of selling my favorite thing of all time--my macbook pro.  
Cleaning takes a long time 
paper time. death 
@semicaustic I know what you mean... time is really the only way to tell unfortunately  but good luck!!
@yasmineharema  no, I got accepted and everything, I just didn't think it was time yet, but I'm gonna transfer in 2 years!!!
Chinese time 1:30am too pain to go 2 sleep  will fly back soon.  hate get on plan all the time, 13 hrs flight is killing me.
@cltomp every time i get a text i think &quot;oh wow, who could this be that wants to talk to me&quot; and then its just oh, chery is at the gym 
time to rest...missing *16... 
Waiting on my cousins 2 get here...graduation started @ 2...they aint never on time 4 nothing!!! 
@HollyVerse  im kinda so hurt but i hope next time u save me at lease 3 lol
I love how my work sched can change w out anyone asking byotch! No time n half for me 
homework time 
@hamstarr awesome, thank you. Last time i did it myself ended up, well, badly to say the least 
time to write paper again 
I hear a child in the monitor...time to head back upstairs. 
@Shortpacked Of course, it may be a moot point because I don't think I have the time to swing THAT far out of my way 
Oh well that time again back to reality and time to get back on my bike for work. 
doesn't think she's going to cheer up for a long time 
time to get things sorted to head back to d coast 
@EdgEPhotography I didn't know you were coming!  I would have waited.   Next time let's make a definite plan to meet up.
@ddlovato but what happens when the friend that you needed is moving across country and the summer was the only time you had to sed her? 
Cleaning time  fag first.....anyone want to help?
@mikebutcher if you get this to work let me know, it's been a pain for me and gave up however this was some time ago 
you know its time for a new mattress when the springs are coming up and cutting you,.  booooooo.
@rustyrockets Next time u feel like dancing please call me!  'haven't done dancing 4 a very very long time 
maybe in time he'll change his mind. 
Before settling down to start work, going to spend some time tidying up the studio/office. It's a bit of a pig sty at the moment 
@xthemusic 'fraid so, kidda. time to re-evaluate everything 
@rikkaxrikka yeahs. im tired  hehes. what time is it for you?
whenever I get on my laptop...I am on it for HOURS at a time...it's SO sad. 
anyone know what time we have to be in for the maths exam today? 
nanna, ily, but seriously if you ask me one more time if i've had enough to eat i will go run to maccas to eat there 
I'd rather not feel so ill right now  so much work to do so little energy and time
staying home doing nothing.. is really a waste of time, i miss notnot 
Lying in bed. Bunged up big time  need to get hay fever tablet stat!
I feel sick to my stomach... and I don't think there's any hope of it being resolved any time soon... 
@guide2pc @MrTweet how often do you make suggestions - i haven't heard from you for some time, never had an update 
My babys show at his nursery is the same time as my masters interview  what to do.. what to do...
I hate Tumblarity since it keeps dropping cause I don't have time to update my blog 
I just did something really stupid, and I bet that it's going to haunt me for a really long time 
@kelliesimpson I always want to crack a joke about cultists every time I hear 'followers' 
sigh....got another court date....guess it was only a matter of time until I finally got caught for speeding!! I had a good run at least 
off to work w/out georgie.. we'll never get back to base on time now that he's out of work 
time to go to work  hope everyone has a great day....
anyone else feel like every time you run a demo you find one last bug??? 
@editorialgirl @livebrum They didn't put my cat pictures up last time 
@littlelottiell Your welcome - really want the brownie but just realised the time 
at school on time for once... @thenameskimmm feel better! 
gym time  really can't be arsed today!!! might try do uni work instead and go for a run later. must find energy from somewhere later!!!
@timfee I feel like that skit is way past its time. 
I can't shift chords on time. 
owh no school time  hopefully somebody will rip it ;)
@krystyn13 Thanks! I hate the anticipation, that's the worst part. I hope you have a much better day - sorry you're having a rough time! 
@luscious_loulou ill try! Its hard at this time of year as were so busy  *hugs*
Every time i get on a bus,the sun's shining,every time i get off,it's bloody raining! 
@laraduckytay I WANT TO. I have exams that time. ugh ugh, not fairrrrrr  sunny, reeally? aww, cute. what are you?
@BrodyJenner happens to me all the time.. brain is still in school mode. 
homework time 
watchin One tree hill and planning some revision time 
@bsidebella   idk but i get that all the time    do they wink and blow a kiss too?
my frog cheeto has passed away. not a false alarm this time 
@g33kski11z @Blmoyer I would be kicked out of the military... i can never be on time, for anything 
No more putting it off time to clean the basement.  Not fun 
have to prepare my presentation for school... I hate those things that takes too much time 
@joubaby....you're soooooo busyyyyyy girl!!! you never have any time for me 
@AwesomeFrank -worries-  when's the last time you...? U know...
@LILBOOTY24 hey, i thought u were gonna take me the next time u went clubbin 
@RiskyBusinessMB aww wish i couldve been there  well next time for sure!
almost done!!  I'm sad &amp; happy at the same time. lol.
I can't remember the last time my bed felt so good! It's a shame I've only got about 3 hours to sleep 
sleep time, then wake up at 5 in the morning to finish this thing.  bumsville to the max
that sleep was a waste of time. silly me 
A small bug in your code can cost you thousands of rupees even if it is identified on time 
#FF Wish I could spare the time, but clients need me. I'm so sorry 
From liberty to cameron took forever, but these last 60 miles have just flown by. I really should text and speed at the same time. 
i swear this happens every summer... i play so much 'clicking games' that my wrist is hurting and my arm hurts this time, too.  pain!
wishin tat i wasn't so broke...all the bloody time 
Right. I suppose it is time to start tidying my room and sort out what my parents can take with them when they come here. 
I don't want to get out of my comfy bed but I guess I have to some time.. 
Loaded the last ep of 24 to watch. It stopped loading completely at halfway. I waited all that time... and now I have to load it again 
wishing i could have my own bernards watch so i could stop time for just a little bit! starting to get  now
@CannonGod I do that all the time with my legs....it's absolutely agonising 
Yes, made the flight in the nick of time ! ...Only to be told delays 
@adamrh I think it was mine  it was your idea to cook it at a million degrees thus halving to cooking time...
The cure for insomnia is the realization that its time to wake up.!!! I'm so sleepy 
So procrastination, my old nemesis, we meet again. But this time the advantage is....well, yours 
Up bright and early, have a funeral to attend this morning to support my friend through her time of pain 
We just stood for the pledge for the last time and all the seniors recited it... 
@nsfw4me I have the worst luck with your service.  Last time I went to use it I broke it as well.  
wish i had more time for lunch  subway was awesome as always !roll on next lesson, last 1!
F'ed up big time... Some things never change. 
hayfever time finally arrived. not cool! 
i'm studying and i do not have time for anything more! 
@foxandfriends Its time to let them go &quot;Where we captured&quot; them and learn from the consequences.  We can't convict them sucsessfully! 
@AnnaSaccone sounds like an amazing time! i wish we had their line here 
@SeandBlogonaut Probably not a good time for me. I'm not really at liberty to talk at night when my sisters are asleep. 
time's running so fast 
Just woke up  time to seize the carp lol
http://twitpic.com/5osik - Drinks with the team, last time before we leave 
Mindless celeb-shows time...then soaps...;-) last day of rest!!!  xam time!!! 8-/.
@lethebashar Once upon a time I wanted to be a poet. I was terrible. I realized without anyone's help. 
I should have worked out more. I'm going to hate my bathing suit pics this time. 
My dog is yelping. I think he is sick or hurt.  he cuddles all the time with us recently and he usually never does that. I'm worried 
Needing coffee and no time to stop 
@laurawalkerxo i watched the don't forget in chile, shes so sweet - having to go through  the memories each time she sings it 
@vertigodesign we're sticking with basic flavors for now as there has been no time to experiment 
WEEKEND!! so many things to do, not many time 
@galaxydazzle haha; aww i want you to come  I'm a few rows forward this time, row Q ... get in! haha
@desolate_pages 02/24 not for a long time 
I dreamed I had a baby.  By the time she was three weeks old she was already like 4 foot and talking.  If only it worked that way.  
@m_dub22 &amp; @KPneptuness ...it takes me a really long time to get ready for non school events. 
Fighting thru a migraine... I hate these things they never hit at an opportune time. All though when would be an opportune time? 
everyday is a chore. lonliness is my enemy!  There only so many song i can sing to pass the time
@sophie_v_hay interview couldn't happen as they ran out of time  will be arranged for another time
@Agnesa sorry to hear that  see you next time...
@Stammy time to refactor 
So many things to do. So little time 
@adcoulter shrugggssss.. sorry  you still have time to convince him.
is not having a good time with microeconomics this morning.  This one problem will be the death of me.
i want a time machine 
@wmdev the code worked, but it's unable to process my request at this time... 
going to eat at the cheesecake factory for the first time! i may be without my mac for a week 
@MarissaC500 awww did she make it to the wedding? I didn't get a chance to meet her b/c the papparazzi wanted to take up all our time 
shower/smoke/no time for razzle dazzle 
need to learn Japanese. cannot watch anime with subs and do something else at the same time... 
packing for a fun filled weeked. not!!! ill be crying most of the time.  
last night with my precious laptop. make the best of the rest of our time  LOL!
has that feeling that a cold is brewin within.  let's hope not. No time for being sick!
everything's so blurry. i feel like i need to wear my glasses all the time now. 
everything seems so blurry. i feel like i need to wear my glasses all the time now. 
@ashycee I am already doing too many peoples assignments, but if I have any free time I will whip one up for you 
don't be a jerk, for the third time already. 
@bookishnerd Me, too! I learned a long time ago (when commenting anywhere, though it's blogger that hates me) to copy before I post. 
Its homework time 
@upscale hey! I saw you but didn't get a chance to introduce myself  next time hopefully!!!
How do you prepare yourself to see your grandmother for the very last time?? 
@optimism *hugs*  It'll get better, with time.
Coughing like crazy.  time for a good book and bed.
@lexoh  rest time for you.
 loves being alone all the time.
hey! long time no see 
is sad lauren is leaving the hills  it was so sudden.. i dont think its time for her to go yet.. but its her time to move on... ok bedtime
Working and chatting at the same time... I guess i am chatting instead of working.... and i missed someone in far away... 
 I'm having a homework fail right now. I wish I could stop time.
Long time no TWITTER! 
@applemacpod123 it's time for it to be on macs. I feel left out 
@bitesizebruiser what about story time for me 
@ddlovato suspense, suspense. what to do during the mean time? study  did u get a tan in south america? last time i went i got bad bites!
@xLeoniexx Haha, you are right. ;) But it's not really &quot;vacation&quot; because I spend most of my time working. 
@playalovegame We didn't really hike though. There was a concrete path. We would go real hiking, but there's no time. 
where has all the time gone? 
Everyone's going to E3 and once again I am staying home.  This time of year, I feel like the last kid picked for kickball all over again.
I'm in limbo and I'm beginning to wonder if I should even care or waste my time 
@imchasendreams @sondurrahh09 I think all of us seniors that are doing stuff for the last time is finally getting to us... 
It's always so sad the first time I have to wash a hoodie. They never recover 
@smashley6 @angelsfan02 I'm jealous wish I could have joined u two tonight  next time!!!
i wish i had attended the metallica's concert in 1993. but at that time, i was 2 years old 
Just knocked my very full glass of H2O off the nightstand for the 2nd time this week. 
time is passing ever so sloooowly while i'm here with only one other person behind the counter 
So I walked into the office after 25 minutes of getting things sorted for the shift...just in time to see my phone die... 
having a hard time starting on her debate speech! 
laying in bed....wondering...why does the honeymoon stage only last such a short time 
if only time stands still 
It's the first time to use this new platform... but find out none of my friends using this... 
after the shocking incident with my camera, I took it outdoor for first time and realised that it was never repaired. 
shift time  bbye biochem waaaaahhhhhh!! http://plurk.com/p/wxizo
@hammett I wish I could have time for my xbox  project all tied
@3Gguy and within a short time of the last clue all of them 
back time.  I wish I was a teenager again. I wish I could feel healthy again. I can't remember what it's like to feel healthy anymore. 
@JasmineCJones  I was just thinking the same thing! I love our morning chats! We totally need 2 live 2gether full time. Lol
feels sorry every time I'm printing out, I use like 200 new papers 
going to bed...with NO sexy time UGHHH! 
This is one of my all-time favorite episodes/quotes from The OfficeUS only   )  http://bit.ly/ARMJ
@QueenKelso dooood! it is working! tea time later? are you working tonight? 
I wish I had a concept of what time it is right now....  not adjusting well. Obvs.
By the time we got back up to grizzly peak with cameras to capture the sea of fog we were above, it already engulfed everything 
Enjoying the sun with a heavy heart no depeche this weekend  no spending time with the man I love too double gutted
@JamanthaLopez it was me the whole time I did a ton of things so u would believe me but u wouldn't listen or let me prove it. Or blve me 
My wiki project is going to have to wait another month  But manager thinks I need loads of time to prepare + has halved my workload 
@LifewithMikey82 this is the end of the semester so i am really busy... have got no time for twitting  what a pity cause i love it
@jerseybites I get bit by ticks all the time  I eat a ton of garlic in the summer to keep them and mosquitoes away! boo &gt;:O
Last time we'll get tacos like this. 
Another day I haven't got time to play plus it's raining and chilly And also have a headache - WTH? . . going back to sulking mode. 
I SO should've gone right now!!! *wish I could alter time!!  *
@QueenBofMakeup I need to do some more post but I don't have time on this tour  ........... Apologies to all my supporters.
I was on time three shifts in a row.  but I woke up at 840 and work's at 9. five minutes late, ugh! -_-
I guess this is soul searching time for me since I'm home alone &amp; no one's talking to me 
@Spitphyre well good luck with #twpp in an hours time i think i will be on my way home  have fun!
@PochaccoYoly well, I took it in early '00, graduated in '01. we were the final stage guinea pigs  it seriously is a waste of time.
@thenk83 I've been waiting about the same time to get in, its whenever they feel like it... 
@conorp its so sad! i wish i could stay longer! It the last time ill see you tonight  better not wear my make up!
@AlexanderLaw I singularly failed to provoke anyone when I posted on this blog last time round 
someone broke into my car big time = having a really bad day 
@TiwuRayie geez! one time in a row.. patience! good things comes to those who patience. lol. i wish i could sleepover.. 
i'm so tired  of being sick ALL the time!!!! 
trying to spending time away from the reality....broke my heart again 
is soooo hungry right now! Why is it not lunch time! 
@MissCritta I know, but considering I've bought a lot of new yarn recently, I think it's necessary this time. 
@hearted that happened to me so often, i hated it. every time i moved to a username that i thought i'd love, i moved soon after. 
Last time in the drama room 
time to mow the lawn. 
@420thoughts I can understand, pains been part of my life for a long time now  I hope you feel a bit better soon.
getting impatient with the turnaround time on repairs to my (broken on arrival) new espresso machine  #fb
last time washing my hair 
damn fight night 4 demo won't load, keeps crashing at the first screen. time to delete and re download i think 
dang it...looks like I have to work this weekend  they always do that at the last minute! n I really wanted some time to practice my talk
@irgxana next time? I might not get there this time if the bus has anything to do with it 
@momebie omginorite! I'd be all fancy and tophatted all the time, it's really too bad I can't grow a handlebar moustache.. 
loads of insects are attacking me.. time to go inside 
after 4 years of trying, my cat today figured out how to open the under-the-sink cupboard.  time for a target run to buy safety locks 
i have such a hard time talking to new people -  I am pretty sure I didn't make a good impression.....
as of this point I am done. I am not going to waste my time re downloading all my music. I lost 5k songs 
All my spare time seems 'twill be spent doing homework this weekend. 
That little girl holly!  find some time! Aw, she'll get loads of votes now I bet!
@VegasRex I wish I had time!! But its back to the airport already! 
HEY! I didn't get my comlementary cherry flavored lip gloss this time, not cool 
enjoying my couch for the last time 
Is going to miss seeing everyone all the time 
whew. did some more vacuuming. what a good time! You should vacuum. 
Lunch sucked ran out of time  didn't get anything done
@racer108 you shouldnt have to reset more than once  if it doesn't work right the first time, something is up
@SweetChhavvi sick girl!  trying to shake this thing off but no luck .. How are you miss long time..
@justkaty guess I missed out on more than beer and a good time 
why I love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? I got scared to try.
why I love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? I get scared to try.
Every time I pay off my library fine, I get a new one.  I'm a bad patron 
@PatsyTravers i think twitter hates every1 when it comes 2 photos! took me ages the other day 2 change my pic!! especially at this time! 
whatever. i give up, my phones about to die anyway.  next time
@spjwebster wish @njwebster was coming too  I guess we can make time for you though if we have to ;)
...No more adventure time 
well movie night spoilt by fracked up disk-happiness gone, so time for sleep 
@JeremyBorash wow, honestly not surprising, every time they try to push that guy he gets injured 
Our currency is dropping like nobodies business; not a good time to be going overseas  http://is.gd/JsgL
@ikissedavampire i know! but so busyy. its hurting me im that busy. lol. i cant even go hang out with my friends cause i dont have time 
@justdaydreams where does the time go? I remember when he couldn't hold his head up. 
It's times like this I miss havin a bf... I just want 2 crawl up in sumones arms &amp; take a nap!  too bad I have no time to even look for 1
@jagustin77 I know, sorry! I was supposed to drop off your computer but time really didn't permit  I'll miss you lots too!
can't wait to see the getaway plan tonight!! but sad that it will be the last time 
have not been on in a while.Today i found out that my friend was stopping treatments to cancer. And we have no idea how much time we get. 
@AGEMSORARE cause it took me like a hour just to bowl one time....lol and i still would gutter ball it lmao hahahah 
I am too emotional for half time stories like that! 
@thecraigmorris awww  are you taking anything for it? i used to get throat infections all the time, being a singer n all. not very fun
the worst part about being sick is being alone. and there are only two good ways to spend time alone...and i don't have video games 
it would have been great if I would have had time to eat dinner between all this hell. 
@twitrbackground help! every time I try to change my background, it changes the colors, but I get no patterns...tried all your tricks &amp; 
feels lonely because his friends in CdeO are having a great time...  http://plurk.com/p/x3tbz
long time not playing basketball 
@tashalogan i see u.. i'm here i'm here.. just have never taken the time to engage in conversation with you sorry 
the nuggets gave up a long time ago....  
Switched my memory in my laptop tonight, it worked for about 2 mins, then restarted. It's looking like new hard drive time to me. 
because everything that happened is seeming so childish and a waste of my time... But I also don't know what to think anymore... 
my heart is torn....go to another going away party tomorrow or spend time with alex...both i wont see for a long time  what to do
my time will come....i guess it just takes longer 4 some people 
@gwarrenl goddamn that sounds like a good time. stupid throat. stupid work 
@Piewacket1 I will only send the real thing next time.  sorry
@kahlil_white me either  I think it's time for me to put on my party bloomers and do the stanky leg.
Oh, everyone, I'm so sorry I haven't been doing #followfriday... I just haven't had the time for the last few wks. 
Just murdered bmore for the last time in a while.  sad panda.
I can't believe I'm having trouble keeping my eyes open!  Not the time to code I guess... sad really 
Fighting off a bad cold   great time at Alisas thismorning....at network ten now about to check scripts for the news...
#myweakness &quot;he&quot;'s touch..it's magical...nothing like cuddling and being massaged at the same time..i miss &quot;he&quot;'s touch 
#myweakness &quot;he&quot;'s touch..it's magical...nothing like cuddling and being massaged at the same time..i miss &quot;he&quot;'s touch 
i wish  i had a time machine to turn back the clock   so i wouldnt be so sad :[
@Jeferca ahhah well i hope u are having a killer time! its raining really hard over here like PORUING and its cold 
Ugh! I wasted time and made @sheriffab come with me  I'm sorry man...
@cityzen28 aw sadness! Next time! 
@DaveyJam sorry. It was shit anyway we didn't stay long just enough time to update my status 
u know what i miss the most when i got free clothes/food all the time 
I really love him, and its hard to face the fact that we cannot be together even after all this time 
@rachyzilla aw rach  you should sign up for a volunteer service, and maybe do something in your free  time x
All showered, maybe breakfast time? I think we have run out of honey 
#marsiscoming I'm missing everything, what a time to go away. 
although she pointed out that last time we met we were at shool, and now we were old 
played some fuseball for the first time yesterday in like 2 years, im so unfitt, to prove my point i got body ache all over now 
@textualoffender need to make more time. or manage time better on the 10 things i do 
I miss him so muchhh!! I cried the last time.. on my way here... 
Missed the rest of the party.  I'll be ready to sing next time!! or at least be awake.
An unsuccessful session of job hunting...  anyway, time to get out into the sunshine. and plan course of action...
on my way to freo. may not be in time for endo fluca  ohwellz newy time.
What is happening in I95? I'm in back to back traffic.. no way I'm making it on time! 
@mchankij talk about a bad time to throw a Nuggets party.   We're only down by 21 doesn't sound the same out loud as it does in your head.
nothing but green mucous all the time 
still has a whole bunch of chemistry to revise  i wonder if there's enough time...
Nearly time for kick off...exciting stuff even though my teams not involved. and then no more football for the summer 
Just wishes he would call me back..GAHHH I'm so frustrated with myself right now..the one time I go to bed early and this is what happens 
@markhoppus arghh I hope the tickets aren't too expensive markymark!  last time you came it was 30-50$ and that was still kinda expensive.
time to start on my homework again 
@geraldgsantos I have no idea! I looked for it last time but I couldn't find it... 
....4 hours until departure time....and still don't know if i'm going  &lt;/3 someone needs to text me back.....blah!
@DanielJKelly Unfortunately, we didn't get a chance to make it to any events. @clhunter68 was sick the whole time. 
half time. i think chelsea will pull another goal 
feels restless....and exhausted at the same time.   but ??????????? to calm myself down. blehh. http://plurk.com/p/x86rf
@Kehndae noooo  i thought she was stayin over and mayowa didnt tell me she was coming so i couldnt get to this in time to see her  
hope on bart in the nick of time which is wonderful new but the bad news no Icandy  sleep time I guess
That's I didn't get to spend time with my 'tuck tuck' 
@green_i_girl bahaha i spend too much time in the grocery store  maybe its because i work in one either way going there sucks big time lol
@alanadem I wish u wudve came  we had a grand time &amp; were the hottest things smokin in there...L0L!
It kills me  that i don't have the time to use my new camera what a waste of $700 
@RishinPatel excellent! But I'll be on a plane at that time  Can I still watch it later?
time to write another paper 
I wish I could just stop and tear time apart to make some for us 
Last time the shoot on the Runneburg with the basilisk,,, 
@dannif92 i still cant believe i have been revising british all this time. it has seriously stressed me 
So many books to read and so little time 
I'm glad you had a good time! Not so much about the food poisoning! 
Not another satnite's happy ending with kidik  I wish we had a more time together, miss you and thankyou for your drive
Not another satnite's happy ending with kidik  I wish we had more time together, miss you and thankyou for your drive
@ShomariW  good a.m long time no hit  so i guess ill b the 1 like always
@crackedknuckles lol really why? i didnt mean to, the last time i stuck up for you, u threw grass down my boobs  lol
I lost my goat. Where did he go? Last time I saw him he was under the bed and now he's disappeared!! 
just got pulled for the 6th time....inspection and registrations out but failed my last inspection..need new tires and two other things 
which is the one time in life, pressure just slows you down 
@emmyrossum You'll find that every time you go to a friends house, youll try and pause TV if they dont have it, and be sad when it doesnt 
thinks that it's time to stop getting close to people... it ends up in pain. 
@Sapnene i hope not.... haha... something happen back home  and now i'm knitting the socks for anoop but the shipping wont reach on time
A customer found $$$ on the ground the same time I did; she got to it before me.  haha
What time will this security-demo-gameplay-thing take place tomorrow? I have the feeling I won't like waking up to sirens 
@bofranklin can you please let me know who wins bgt? with the time differences, i can't watch it  thanks.
@elihansen I have a hard time clicking things that say do not click, I want to click even more. 
still throwing up.  hopefully that was the last time but i have a feeling it prob. wasnt. pepto does not work
@lenilu sickkk  but yes pleaseeee I feel like time is running out and it makes me sadddd
I am enjoying my time here but missing my husband. 
@swirlee No, it's not. I run into this problem all the time too. 
flight is as much my fault as anyones, i should have paid attention to the date not just time time. i was so excited i failed to validate 
i'm sad, tired and happy at the same time. weird. too many goodbyes  but it's summmmmmmmmmmmer !
@ForeverSydney ::laughs:: I'll try harder to fight them off next time. that sucks 
@anyidiot without you where would we be. I may have a job for you but you have no spare time  always feeding animals and mowing and on ..
Just ordered chinese reading time magazine, waiting for customers 
Seems twitter's broken.  I can't follow new people at this time  was going to follow @NerdblurbEdgar 
what the heck?! they just did an accapella of the future love chorus  w/e. meet and greet time!!
. @stonedragonfly It was so cool, but also not for little kids, so hard to fully appreciate &amp; take my time looking at all the ephemera. 
@BitchNotAPerson ouch that hurts  I didnt say that she has to be here all the time!
@mutster101 mine crashes all the bloody time 
mother nature, please do not rain and delay @therunners flight. we are cutting it too close to game time and i dont want to miss the game 
This song makes me so sad every time I hear it. 
@SeanEuphoria don't think I can dude, too ashamed at the silly mistake I made on them lol  Silly rushed mistake to get it printed in time.
hey ladies how you doing ??? still no play time yet  lmao booooo
going to work, then black-out drunk this time. jucy hates me 
Not happy at all...I'm a step away from being devastated this is the time where I really miss my mommy 
@jennyfuls I can code my layout because the server goes down the whole time 
@tiyephoenix NOOOOOOOO why must u taunt me? u know i have not perfected my clone machine yet! i can't be 2 places at same time....  lol
@morrissey0022 yeah I would normally but my parents don't let me when we are spending time  but I can always look back on highlights.
you know you drink too much starbucks energy drink when the barista asks you if you want him 2 order you a case next time he orders stuff 
this time last night was having fun..   direct contrast
got paid one last time   thinking of getting a new tattoo, as bad as an idea that is.
bed time since no one is talking tonight 
@kweenie haha really?  i used to do it all the time. and i would stay up way longer than i just did. i feel old. 
Just got done swimming! It felt amazing! He says so much but the meaning of it all has faded away with time.....sorry 
@RiotousRockers the only guy on the dancefloor old enough to remember that tune the second time around 
hopped over to a bird to say hello but every time i got near it just flew off 
@sincereapology yesshh. i miss that time when my mummy did that 
co: It's a bad time for cartoons. 
it's laundry time woo hoo 
What a great time to get sick 
Wow, it is summative time.  bummer
@ashleyluvsjbvfc  @thomasfiss it should b i still shed tearz al the time  and i miss u and ur smile
@GoldieMN no time, the phone only works so fast  and he shot her down real fast
because have I always to adapt to things? is time to they adapt 
doing update stuff, but unfortunately have no time ...  I should learn .. but now, I can't ... I'm tired, I should sleep &amp; wake up early.
The 659 saga comes to a close. I'm counting the drawers for the last time. 
i havent tweeted in ages so i am now!! and i just wokeup!! homework time 
Working all the time really sucks to try and have a relationship 
Has reached an all time low, i am going to the movies by myself. 
The one time I have a little bit of free time @jakedudleys phone is dead 
getting ready. arggg so much things so little time! 
k half time is over  back to reading while he watches the game..
I'm sad every time i look at my fish named Aklaba 
time passes quickly when we stay at home 
time and didn't even see it coming...the impact registered at .2 g's so that's pretty impressive coming from an animal...ruined my car 
If this hard drive of mine fails, and I lose everything I have on here, that would suck big time.  All my stuffs are on here.
yup, defo fail time. sad time for me 
paulies leaving tomorrow  which means I'll have too much free time so def. time to loose 20 pounds &amp; go to the gym alot!
@yagirldwoods  i havent gotten a reply from you in a long time i need you to be at another event cause i want another pic lol
Sometimes I miss my friends from before... But that time is gone, trust gone 
@sangishyam too much work, too little time... too many deadlines!!!  and no time cook and eat!! and am hungry! 
Most of the time evil wins. 
My time of solitude is over 
every time i look at my profile i lose a subscriber 
having hard time backing up our shared hosted sites. linux and windows 
I wishy I wasn't such an emotional wreck all the time 
time to watch another movie to get it out of my head - I keep seeing that old woman everywhere! lol... 
updating everything seeming as i wont be on a computer for a long time 
http://twitpic.com/6bbmb - had to evacuate due to a false fire alarm. This is the third time since I moved in here! 
@ddlovato i cry every time i watch that movie! 
is a positive person,90% of the time.. but some things  night.
@mdith welcome to the city! I've been lucky thus far, but I'm sure it's only a matter of time. sorry though 
Having a hard time citing when people are in pain they don't want to do stuff 
My team is getting absolutely thrashed and my knee is fucked to the point I cant even walk, time to start drinking in the corner 
The worst thing about merging is how time consuming it is 
@kylieeann no we're not.  cant get there in time.
I just pee'd myself again for the second time today, why can't I just go to the bathroom instead of watching you from afar 
wish I was spending time with that special sum1...but I guess I'm just not that fortunate...  
@JoreanR next time. You're all ready ten steps ahead of me and i'm in my pjs 
Ugh..freezer time 
I had an awesome time at the no doubt paramore concert! too bad we got there too late and missed paramore!  maybe next time!
I'm racing time trying to get on a skytrain before it's not running anymore... Stupid millenium line 
@becdizzle aw  not long now till bday time. can't wait to drink after these last few homework filled wkends x
time to start my homework 
Chillinat Shittys, kind of bumming it cause @Cheezums is taking a long time to reply on aim 
should probably make an effort this time to re-do the gallery even if it will take forever and some of the photos are lost  That's a fail
@KalaniKai now i'm at my friend's place! because i get such a short time, i can't watch videos! 
@NanaRaine did you have a good time? glad you're back ,we've all missed youxx no not good 
@kenleewrites I have such a hard time getting rid of old stuff 
Just realised... drive thrus made me put on weight... wrong food at the wrong time  its so hard to resist u know!
@geekgyan This is the first time someone has stolen something from me mate. Sucks big time. Hurts big time 
@j3wfr0 no I didn't  nick came out, we spoke for abit/ photo time. Then we noticed the time &amp; had to leave before he got a chance
@unifex. Documentation often does suck. But I still wish I could actually get some from time to time 
@harsha paying bill on time is a problem for them. No interest 
set his alarm clock an hour fast by mistake.   but that just gives me enough time to make sure I am not late for the gym.
shower time. then a movie maybe? missing @livvylu8 at a time like this 
@AlexAllTimeLow cries. wont get there in time after school 
my nail got stuck every time i 'genjreng' the guitar. huu. 
really excited for tomorrow.. but sadly 2 good things is happening at the same time  'tears'
in my bid to single handedly rid the world of swine flu my bacon intake has made my clothes tight  time for the bike!
@Daddys_pet your so sweet, its the lights, the fluorescent lighting makes us both really sick, otherwise we would be there all the time 
Just got home from goingout with my friends for quite possibly the last time in forever. that thought makes me 
@PhilippaSmith ew no! Last time I fakebaked I looked like a oompa loompa 
idiotic hackers got me this time  should
idiotic hackers got me this time, thinking of a domain change 
@chrishawes your head is mine! I hardly had a go last time. 
Boarding time is 15mins late already and no status update  hope the flight will be on time.
@paulabdulfan lol... I don't write saula stories. I just read them... I don't have time to write, cz of my classes &amp; assignments... 
I REALLY need to go shopping, but every time I go nothing fits right. 
i miss my honeeeeeeeeeeeey  i really hope you have a great time @klenchenx3  ! million kisses ?
@c_rmen i'm also sticky but most of the time i was just doing nothing. weather panassss 
nothing like having breakfast in bed for the first time....then waking up.  
Guess its take myself to breakfast day...I blame this on the fact that I'm a big time early bird and all my friends are sleep 
No time for coffee 
: tagging pictures surely takes time... 
hates getting migraine attacks!  kills the good time! 
@EyEcAnDiiii @SidSync @tmm729   I've used all my cotton picking pto days.  but that sounds like a great time. U guys have fun  i'm sad
homework time 
@AdamWestbrook first time I did that I got sat next to two drunk football louts... 
@indieicing Unfortunately not doing this full-time  But would be available regardless.
@sinfulsignorita covertly photographed one... and actually am having exams so i get just enough time to write things up and reply 
It's that shit time looking out the period pants  #shitday
yeah. old time plan. i don't even know why i agreed. 
@ladycarter7 see I always miss out when I'm workin  I've been wantin some crabs and shrimp for the longest time now!!
@MissChriis I miss u to death too . But i'm going to my future house in like 10 minutes so we don't really have time to talk 
My puppy is at the groomers for the first time. I am so miserable right now. 
@michelliebeans  I'm sorry about your nightmares.  I've been having them a lot too lately; probably from only sleeping 3 hours at a time.
sighhh only a matter of time until u infect this site too 
I've been putting this off way too long... time for homework 
is thinking next time give them booze so they crash and burn at 2 not after 4 
Trying to study &amp; fighting a cold  not a good time!
wat a sucky weekend.. idk.. i think its time to get my own life.. alone..  this relly sucks.. i never thought i would think this way..
@Mabetini  *hugs* You know how to get in touch if you want someone to talk to. Any time, 24/7
In my new place. Now what? I guess its time to do some homework. 
Watching him leave sucks big time. 
@heidimontag hope you have a good time in there.. gutted i wont be able to watch it  x
Car trouble always happens at the least convenient time 
@tinali89 It was my class song and me and my best friend cried the whole time to it 
is heading off to the desert museum http://www.desertmuseum.org/ Probably the last time before I leave 
i posted the answer when you asked the question the first time, go look in twitter at the time.  I posted it in here.  #cgft
just not finding time to see a film.. 
homework madness time! 
well i just woke up and this time its not nice out side 
time for schoolwork. back to reality 
just got in from the gym...TIREEED. watching ocean's eleven, hmrw time 
Havnt had a &quot;great/good day&quot; in a long time!...  .   I use to have great days all the time! Where they go!??  
@tommylaad i know. i fail at doing things on time 
Waiting to head to airport? Not enough time to actually go out and do something but enough time to render me utterly bored 
@AngeDoubleYou  i love you.just...think about something else while working.i do it all the time.
is polishing his motorcycle for probably the last time  http://yfrog.com/5fgoej
I don't remember the last time I slept properly and I look like a ghost 
So sore after Six Flags, didn't wake up in time for lunch with the buds 
is sad that it is coming to an end!I had an amazing time with my loves!I'm going to remember every single minute. 
this is getting worse, 18 tabs open in firefox, since about two weeks can't finish reading stuff, lack of time is killing me 
@Volkers84 i don't think i can go!!  bball is at a weird time and y the time we get back and stuff i'll have 2 shower and homework. 
@gigglepops *gets jealous*.... By the time I find anything it will be over 
@ktjune no sister, I wish  this time it actually has to be done :/
@leahhase awwww I'm so sorry to hear about your dad!  I hope you have good people near you that will help you through this difficult time.
Stuff with J better, now time to do something about my attendance 
@uvbeenpotod aww  every time I see him, I think of that little yellow jersey xD
worst time ever to get a stomachache 
okay time to do the chores I guess 
just packed her mini van with dorm stuff for the last time until august 
@ChinaBlue79 just fucking answer the child the first time..... making outside a misery for everyone 
met someone today and wishes he'd had more time to talk to her.  #fb
1 of the most depressing things has to b taking the time to open a peanut shell...and then it being empty 
I never thought I'd say this, but I think it's time to run on pavement for awhile...  
@BlueLint I've been ok, thanks. Actually this time of year is usually pretty slow for us  We need work!!
@steveantenucci again.yes  what can I say.I'm taking advantage of the time off.I was never thismuch fun when I was a workaholic now was I?
is frustrated and feeling helpless.  O-chem time. 
I feel so lazy but i cant bring myself to get out of bed because that means homework time 
Is sadd she can't do the time warp. 
@mcsdoboy  i didnt get ur message in time.  I already left.    Next pedi i will tell them.
haven't been on this in a long time, just been sick and doing nothing but drinking sprite and od'ing on stomach meds aaaand had to work 
Awhh man its time to wash my straight hair away 
Just woke up from nap way past dinner time. 
well that was a complete waste of time! stupid scales 
@warped09 postal service is taking it's sweet time  or... someone is taking their sweet time sticking them in the mail
Hasn't cried that hard at a goodbye in a long time 
@razorcandy is there any other band worth your time? I wish I was 17 again 
@CrunchyK @DonnieWahlberg I'm actually going to be surprised this time around...still miss the journey of it this time tho 
i'm sooo burnt  remind me to take suncream next time someone !
have been so busy! final wedding plans are so time consuming  only 5 weeks to go lol
I told myself I wouldn't go bananas if I went shopping....where do I go wrong each time??!? 
@laughingg86 *aims and shoots*, crap, sorry i missed by several thousand miles  maybe next time
Ive had chills the whole time watching this and its barely even started. @taylorswift13 is amazing wish I could go to the fearless tour 
I'm really regretting not going on the left side of the train this time.  
@TheMidwayState you guys planning on coming out east anytime soon.. im uber bummed i didnt make an effort to come see you guys last time 
@ldal is on plane back to dc, which means vacation time is over for me, too 
@jradc he's leaving for an unknown amount of time tomorrow and I just kinda want to hang out with my friend before he goes. 
home from shpping. got a grad dress. homework time 
@NatashaFarq I am so sorry for your loss.  I pray for peace and comfort in this difficult time.
speaking of twister and bill paxton (he's in the movie), i REALLY need to see near dark for the first time ever.  i fail.
@xmochimeix1314 I'm scared we won't have enough time to make the script longer and memorize it! 
it's time to face the truth i will never be with you... 
I hope i feel better soon i realy want to enjoy anime expo without having to spend my time in the bathroom throwing up. 8 weeks preggy 
hope i get home in time for the awardss ! missing theHILLS 
wow, for the first time ever I'm actually complaining about my iPhone. It's busting my balls since it was replaced! 
@mneylon Unfortunately, no, not more cash. And by the time they finally came to the party she was reduced to selling her autograph 
@blainetwitts wtf! there should be no time difference. 
I got to go to work  sucks big time
There's testing in school the next 4 days, so I'll have to actually to to bed early for once   lol time sure flys!
Couldn't make time to go get my hair done this week so now I'm stuck under the dryer 
@monicalaughs waaah it's only that channel  the only time in my life I will curse the number 69 &gt;:[
@dtrain05 i missed those too  i was watching twister and lost track of time
@Soon2bMrsWard yes  noooo worst time ever!
@snephlovesyou at one time, yes 
Why is the weekend over already?  I so feel like I have limited fun time...damn health issues
I would like to apologize at this time for my ridiculous amount of &quot;tweets&quot; 
I need a massage! I can't remember the last time I got one 
@German_girl16 thank u so much..sorry..i don't think i have time..soo sorry.. 
i have no time for alot of things  4 days left !
I can't recall the last time I was this sick  actual hurts to move and breath and exist and I have about 10 essays due this week ;(
I think it's time for the couch. These kittens woke me up by attacking my feet yet again.  they need homes stat.
math time 
@DinahMaria  maybe one person at a time can make a difference...I sure try w/my 8 y/o!
had a great time in dunsborough with the peeps !! way too much alcohol was consumed!!! 
just tripped over the TV chord, it fell, there was breakage involved. I think the gods might be telling me it's time to go digital. 
It is way past my bed time, but I can't get to sleeeep. 
Needs to practice his cardistry but doesnt have the time, for shame 
Especially when you are brainstorming a defined scope, you need focus, here we are wasting great deal of time and effort! 
waking up in 5 1/2 hours sounds like so much fun..why you ask because the people fixing my roof feel that's a great time to start. 
right now i feel like twittering is such a waste of time 
@thatboyBryant we wanted to go on space mountain so bad tonight but by the time we walked over it was CLOSED 
@chew206 you were at that girls party that's why....  next time
just got back from immigration office. waste of time. couldn't do anything 
I think it's finally time for me to pack away my TV. 
BEACH.. here i come!! waaah. this might be the last time ill come to u. 
By the time I've done all this the sunshine will have disappeared. Balls 
feels myb quite worried about time management  http://plurk.com/p/xl8lz
Pointless exam time. Why did I bother? Having reallly stupid dreams latelyyy, I just want my friend backk. 
You may royally piss me off sometimes and frustrate the living shit out of me, but I still want to cry every time you have to leave  me  
wishes the printer would deliver on time 
blegh sneezing all the time  stupid hay fever!
@missy_jade it in time  I understand if you do sell it to someone else... I just thought i should let you know my circumstances
@radelaide AHH i missed it! i didn't know it was on  put i'm recording it the next time it's on... love my iq ;)
summer is coming! And I want to go shopping but nobody has time 
evening is here. cant believe it. time flies! and i wasnt even having fun..  o wait isnt that supposed to be a good thing? *confused*
i ment gym time. see.... it is too early for me.  cant even spell lol
@DaveyPitch excellent! I've got a 32g touch and I still keep running out of space  I do use it all the time though so that's why!!
the weather is lovely &amp; and nobody have time  and listen to music and must think on a lovely boy &lt;3
i have no idea why thunder wakes me up every damn time, but it does - 4 hours of sleep. 
time to get myspelf up and do my hair and makeup i dont want to but i have to 
after plenty of time wasting, finally decided to go back to my old theme 
class from 9-2  ...workin on that stupid mural for the last time at 3 then out to the city to chill for a bit
goodmorning. slept in a bit. won't have to get up this early much longer! schoooooo time 
@zokathepuppy I'm running out of time, I'm never finding this AH mag issue 
just realised i wrote speach instead of speech, awful spelling from an English grad, just awful!  need to spend time on dictionary.com
turn off #google #chrome....take long time 
Bean bag is feeling a little empty  must be time for some fresh beans.
I think I picked the wrong time to try to quit smoking. 
@MAKEUPMANMAE I sorry. I didn't see u literally. I lost my glasses so everything is a blurr   what time did u leave
@wjb17 awww okay  if you find time, just call and let's go hangout!
trying to find something to while away time 
long time no see  i hope i can meet them
http://twitpic.com/6eg80 - the saddest thing that has happened to me in a long time  going to have a bad day.
@wbahner  sunblock next time!
Actually on time to school, go me?  i dont feel good. :/
creating a backup of my netbook. it will take a veryy long time! 
today, I have test in the first time and I don't know anything  good luck for me.
3 hrs of sleep catching up to me... nap time before back to the hotel at 2... guess I'm not swimming today 
What a waste of time 
@nattylux LOL. You'll get used to it over time. I need coffee too. 
So I got a call back, but they arnt hiring fulltime, just part time. 
Really hate spending time fighting with a bulk import tool when you cross the threshold where it would have been faster manually. 
thanks to bath time and bed time for the toddler it looks like I won't be watching any e3 press conf. live this year 
@AdamSchwabe  that's one of my fave covers ever! I ask him to play it every time I see him live but he never does 
ahh what a waste of time! going to the metro centre later for yet more rummaging 
my check card was hacked  dnw want to update my banking info again, it's only been 6 months since the last time. ugh.
food..bath..then bed. not felt like this in a long time 
is going to back to her old place one last time  oh how ill miss the geese
working til 7.30  - time for a break to london me thinks!
@storymakerupper Another big round of layoffs, this time for my coworkers.  
Every time 'I want her' comes on the radio I miss it 
You really feel like crap when you miss a meeting update and  don't go b/c you missed the time change... 
time to get the license renewed... might as well roll a 20 up and smoke it 
@laurenborgeson wish i could be there to celebrate with you today  but saturday will be here soooon enough lady! party time party time!
is kinda sad right now  maybe some pool time will cheer me up.
headache, i always get tons of headaches at this time of year, its too hot! 
http://twitpic.com/6esry - check out time 
@georgew0304 I know it's bad  hopyfully their insurance will cover it like it did last time.
mm, salad for tea was yummy. time to properly revise now i suppose. 
@CrunchyK It's awful. And, they are saying answers may be a long time coming. 
@LayneM lmao, thank u! Unfortunately I start a course similar to statistics tomorrow and I won't have time for movies  maybe next time?
@sarahnb i do tht all the flipping time!! 
@bgleeson yes it sure looks nice outside - too bad the office windows don't open   enjoy your time here!
@LauretteIAm It depends on the circumstances, but most of the time we aren't able to replace missing caches as the landscape has changed. 
thinks it is amazing how slow time can pass sometimes.. especially after lunch. 
i think i might have failed a class for the first time in my life 
@HeatherWade I'll have to pass this time  I have a lot to do before 7ish tonight.
dance is consuming all of my free time 
MonksDen itsmikie: couldn't get my order in ,, in time..  : itsmikie http://tinyurl.com/mqzfn4
@1cutechicwitfm Just haven't been tweeting as much...taking as much time away from computer as can! Downside is missing out on my tweeps 
@mmmaris I followed you a long time ago, but you didn't follow me back so I gave up  But I'm not doing much, just some stuff with a banana
tired of my chest feeling like i'm having a panic attack all the time 
watching jeopardy for the first time since i left school...its not the same without everyone yelling at the tv  
sorry for not posting in a long time, ive been in day treatment    most of my site is old but o well http://www.jeweljunkiez.etsy.com
Just saw my great aunt for most likely the last time 
@danjoyce I'm jealous of your pool time sir, I went for a run, and it was much hotter 
@mikdev I am really disappointed that mum not coming to visit; we wanted to buy her ticket, but she says she doesn't have time. 
Trying to figure out how long my waljk was. left at time of east enders....got home @ 9.30. did i really walk for 90mins. feet do hurt! 
@DannyBoy410 even though u prolly still mad with me bout that 1 time.. it honestly wasnt my fault though 
is starting to hate her schedule. i can't eat at a decent time! 
@Melly589 couldnt keep up with it anymore  i didnt like the fact that i hadnt made videos for a long time 
there are so many books I want to read with too little time to read them! 
my hamster is dying.  He's paralized now and has a hard time breathing.
@sbidleman yes, idk. I get even more sad every time I watch it, andreas is depressing too. 
no breathing time anymore 
@Tikken wish i could have some fun times this week...  but got loads of revision to do. i hate life during exam periods!
@mollydigcat you can play hooky with @snick_the_dog any time you want! I am stuck slaving away though.   @zbarahona probably is also.
It's time for work to be over now. I'm going braindead. I just want to go home and sleep (in front of a fan). 
Working on a few web projects which leaves no time to tweet. 
Just got back from a run....guess its time to get to homework 
by the time I got there, the 2 vendors that had strawberries had already sold out 
Having a very difficult time trying to put a different picture up! 
@lingfoong ermm, i kinda didn't have time to find something for her... 
a long time I did not write  the weather here is great less for my nose  these changes of time  kills me
@qnal no is a business trip this time ... so I'll be the only one 
@forthejokes Veet burns.  i can't use it anymore, I was SO itchy last time
@thecolin1 http://twitpic.com/6fujm - not smiling again  but I'll cut you slack this time
@_annella I keep meaning to watch this bit it's on at a stupid time and I always forget 
@foxtoledo your sound is off for like the 20th time in a row!  itks like I'm watching a foreign film... hard to watch *mouth keeps moving*
@angiewarren mil is in the same boat this is the 4th time (made lifetime over a yr ago and has slowly gained 
My wedding rings no longer fit.    I'm feeling very pregnant but I still have 3 1/2 more months!  It's a bit harder the 2nd time around.
Has had a great time so far this summer! I don't think I'm going to play basketball anymore though 
@mileycyrus hey can you plz follow me ive asked you loads of time but you just ignore me 
@TheDrome ...this was a great time - sorry I couldn't stay longer 
Who wants to lunch with me? Always so bored during lunch time 
Apparently I can't even have straight asprin either because here I am again so swollen I can barely breathe! It hurts a little this time. 
@SamTheMan89 b/c i do from time to time log into the network from home. If I don't--I can't get access. 
no time to play poker lately  but I am focusing on the music.. you should too! www.vampirefreaks.com/subliminalny     go now!!!
Ive never wanted to go home as much as i do now and its going to be a long time till i can go home 
@illingsworth i h8 life  i need advice, time 4 u 2 return the favor lol
@DuongSheahan I'm so jealous. I can't find time to read my books 
having a hard time with this new things that I'm trying out 
@mcrchikie7 ahh i hate my internet it cuts out all the time 
@Hipchick999 This time for me on sleepover no sleepover got  peskies making a racket 
likes this day, almost. requested kaldereta for dinner! yumm! excited.. however, wondering why my chest tightens from time to time 
searching for even more clip art...does it ever end? I wish I had time to design all my own...I feel like I'm cheating and I hate that 
is home tired but i have homework so no bed time tonight 
@rambn 3 hours?!?!?! geeeze! i def don't have time to do that myself  actually i don't have time for ANYTHING anymore
nobody is around and had real slow hrs so far as its already the beginning of semester break. i want a semester break too! 
It is almost time... the pain is almost unbearable but there is nothing I can do about it. 
sometimes i wish that i could change time to save the ones i love. 
@grungeheart_ its sad, isnt it? my friend is emo and she talks about it all the time  but i guess never has the guts to go all the way
Couldn't sleep  made some koolaid time to drink some and try again
not feeling well.   also, when was the last time i had corn??
@anasianaffair you should find more free time  well if i remember to take a picture ill show you
Stitch in time saves 9...got locked out of my own office...sitting on the stairs waiting for help  ..damn
@MrsWrustare lol i got served big time i didnt even copy it b4 i posted it! so its gone bye bye sure some1 will make another discussion 
@solangeknowles :: it's all in the name of publicity, the more times ppl ask/guess, the more time the prson spends in our minds. 
I still feel sick  what a time to get sick.
@mervlai most are marketing efforts by companies and public figures.  thought you had twitter a long time ago?
The look my dog gives me every time he knows im leaving killls me every day 
its not going better with the antibiotics. So lets go another time to the doc 
@_skp   @_skp time to die..lets jump off the top of a hill , life is pointless if @gulpanang is following @vishurao
excited for promm ! hope they get my dress fixed on time 
@venkatag thanks dude ! it indeed took a very long time.. 8 hrs 15 mins ... and this was my worst run 
Losing the will to live on team call.  What a waist of time 
soo.....I am out of the closet xD time for that lovely bathroom 
@tmook I haven't, no.  I doubt very much I'd end up buying, anyway, though... I just don't have that sort of time on my hands anymore 
it is 3:56am, i just got out of the shower, its time to start studying 
@kirrus alas no sunrise. woke up at right time, but realised I have no batteries for rear bike light 
I cant sleep and the one person I usually talk to around this time isnt talking to me  I want drinkies...
xeneurope is once again off the face of the planet  time to bite the bullet and switch back to the uk i think..
was having a good day till now  wanna take some time off &amp; sort things out
i-m canceling my plan with manche  again. feel so bad. i'll make it up her next time.
@anitawilson i do have them, in varying intensities and amounts.  I am so sorry you are having issues with them at this time. 
http://twitpic.com/6ghh4 - epitanime loot: quite poor for a first time 
Just looked at her two most recent tweets and found spelling mistakes...mornings is not a good time to twitter 
thinks it's time for some more revision  http://plurk.com/p/xvj71
@shaundiviney have they played weightless yet?!?!?! btw i hate you for going to all time low! 
so much for clearing through my to do list, I've spent all my time since on something that wasn't on my to do list to start with!! 
is feeling a bit bleurgh after japanese for lunch, i should have learnt the last time....eaten too much 
@tittats I would like to share that when I had mine done it made me feel hole again. I think it is time to have it done again 
up and ready for school.  still not feeling well  but I have to go. need time with my friends ( :
So much to do today and so little energy  I can do this. I can do this, one thing at the time.
@dannygokey1 ow  cheer up! / get an alarm clock next time.. and put it very far away from your bed..
I don't have enough time to follow all this E3 stuff. Yargh!! 
@RocketMinx I enter that all the time and never win  I want gadgets!
@MzHtx lol is that right?  I'm a natural flirt...get in trouble for it all the time. 
@UndressJess sexy time was last weekend. now its back to work. ugh 
Oh fuck I forgot about terrible shots time at the doctor. Not thrilled. 
@mattress i had my ipod to take notes, i just have such a short attention span I forgot by the time my haircut was done. 
@aliasgrace I'm going to have to pass this time.  I have soccer mom duties.
@iamlittleboots I ended up shouting at someone last time I was in there which I don't really think is 'on brand' 
it is time to make the switch. is it going to be tweedeck or seesmic? i can't decide! 
@NinaCelebrates wish it was me but I just shamefully haven't taken the time to upload stuff. 
@autumneffect *hugs* I'm so sorry you're having such a hard time.  I hope you're feeling a little better by now.
yes, i think that if i could go back in time i would have moved home. 
phone broke. finally after the 100th time dropping it, i was starting to think it was indestructible. guess not 
I remember when we kissed, i still feel it on my lips, the time that you danced with me, with no music playing.. 
@lejonprime OUCH.  HAving repaved (a lot, as it turns out) recently, I have the fear of exactly that every time, yet I do it tired too.  
@beccapatterson Only 3 things have made me excited, the rest has just been nap time 
arghrghrghh. iphone crashed and went into recovery mode. restore time 
didn't have time for a hair do  but is now at the glamour awards x
On way back from swimming for the first time in ages. Sadly I haven't had a Caramac. 
I need a massage, big time 
 gamespot not loading at all and g4 is a glorified slideshow, this is the only time I've had problems
alright. meeting time.. not a clue how long this one will be.. 
.@FakerStephanieR aw, poor rob.  he just needs a break! some time alone to rest up.
@uncleo awwww poor baby...maybe its time to start blockin haha 
@Ellavemia didnt I already say how hungry i am? No time for eating 
says Halloooo..miss me?? (LOL)..I've been so busy lately..no time for internet..  http://plurk.com/p/xyyxo
looks like its about time to roll all my change 
think it's time for bed for me, feeling shattered again for no real reason 
@TraderJoesBK y'all have had stock issues for a while, it seems? last time i was there (two sundays ago) it was sort of empty too. 
@pranas I couldn't, it was covered in nasty!!! I am sorry, I will buy them next time. 
@andheartscolon My server is still down too. It's eating well into my guild's raid time at this point. 
@jchennault got to the kill screen without enough pts.     another time wiebe.... another time.
think I lost my direction and I lost a long time ... I have to recover it .. 
is about to go out for tonight to hang out with some friends one last time before i move! 
is sort of mad she can now know about all these celeb's lives.. just found out ryan cabrera was down the shore at the same time i was 
finishing up a paper  dinner...then rellaxxx time
@xmuffin_girlx i'm pretty sure its a lost cause  but its alright i need to make money more. be sure to text me the whole time though
i cant believe that after all this time i still dreaming with you   &amp; taking care about u, this is an obsession or what??
@jobrosluvers I have no idea, it's been along time since we've talked! 
I miss the ocean  I wish I was around it all the time but funny thing is..when I was I rarely went to it..wtf is that?!
is havin' a rough time right now   please pray for my mom and dad
@sinovic It's on a bit of a hiatus...I've been pretty busy and haven't had time for it. 
@kimmyconnweller I feel like I should be keeping you warm and spending time with you 
I just rediscovered (for the nth time) my love of podcasts. I wish I could talk into my computer for an hour and a half. 
just gave away about 20 pairs of shoes.. bye bye shoes  ... time to get 20 more
 It must be a horrible year for airplanes. I REALLY do not want to get on one any time soon.There must be something in the air (literally)
@AngMoGirl What was your solution?  We just got new aircons and I'm freezing all the time now 
- I wake up, shower, eat...and go back to bed. I'm so tired all the time 
@Belitoito the trailer of new moon is so great ! i love it  i hope that you love it too jaja it's been a long time since i see you last 
long time no talk.. talked to an old friend last night.. still breaks my heart 
bed time me thinks, the group being here means we cant stay up late making noise 
Hates feeling like this all the time. I hate crying 
@nicenerd after all this time...you are still keeping secrets from the guy who runs the content management system you don't use? 
@aaronob every time i try to talk to you, you just sign off without saying anything. 
can't decide what online photography course to take   time to go to bed
@shaddih I emailed the billshare author to ask if the site would stay online for a long time, he never wrote back 
Its time to loved someone else..../ trying to forget you 
why must i have such annoying neighbors?! i try to go to bed on time for once, &amp; they're yellin' up a storm out there. blaahhhhh 
Isnt it a great time to do your homework 
@zatos i'm not hyper!   this is my normal time to be awake!!  it's not even &quot;lunch time&quot; yet!
Having a hell of a time finding a new place to live. 
Morning everyone! I'm still dealing with the unnecessary meetings and I can't find any time to code. I miss coding 
is so drained.. i think ive got to sleep more because im tired all the time lately  i dont like it
@ohdangitsNessa and now it's time for the real world...  time to study baby gurl. Lol
@ndnjoey @misterwill I'm having a hard time adjusting my body clock, I actually never had this problem. 
@mitchelmusso sigh, you always make your live chats while I'm working  maybe I'll catch you next time!
Sims 3 looks friggin sweet...now i wish i had a desktop and free time 
My sister has collapsed again  luckily there was someone to catch her this time. She's supposed to have a history exam today.
Hangover time!  i'm not reading back through tweets because i'm dreading to see what i wrote if anything!
So tired of the same thing happening to me all the time 
Brief power outage killed my computer   i guess this means it is time for sleep?
I got pulled over tonight for the first time ever in my life    at least I didn't get a ticket though...*sigh* but I'm still sad
@ccassiee lucky you... my nose is like a faucet  what time do you start work?
i always get hurt in netball, this time from my own teammate 
had a great time catching up with cookie and kimmy...but not a long enough chat.  back to work tomorrow. Yay!
@emilyphillips i use to leave them in my trunk all the time 
junior cert english  in an hour...good time to get randomly knocked down by a car
@BeingBeatrice ah poor you  well I hope you have a good day anyway...sometimes it makes us appreciate our time for ourselves even more!
life after school has way too much free time and not nearly enough money to take advantage of it all 
feels the need to drink a large amount of alcohol this weekend. dam every1 having mid years 
well, partly finished anyway. break time now. then to start phys chem (the hard part) 
is deeply disappointed. i didnt get the time to go hiphop-ing 
got some serious and timely song writing to get done... time to crash 
@lannyANH i have so much to tell you whoreface! but your never on aim or online at the same time as me 
what's for dinner tonight people? I feel like steak again, but no time  today's last time in company of my Polish guys!
@Jennifers00 I've got some games like that, so I never bother. Not that I have any time to play them 
Weeeelll, I think it's time to study a little bit... how boring!!! 
Why they play so on time everyday??? 
@edial Yes.. time's evaporating faster every minute.. 
@LeelooDogBlog i suppose.....shame  next time??
@FredPentalog ...and some very good homos ! I've not eaten there for a looooong time 
@TaraLynnFoxx couldn't get that in time  damn
Sometimes when you wait for someone you want to delete time between seeing him 
AARGGG!  I'm getting angry.. Why can't i be with you all the time? ;(
edits all done, just need to upload and publish, guesstimate of time left 30-45 min before I can sleep.... then wake up at 6:45a. great 
@adammshankman so many people love you out there--I hope the pain eases with time 
done eating ... time to logout now ... bye bye 
M.E is setting back in....have been doing so well but sleepy and achey now  got things to do today and no time to sleep ggrrr!!
@buhrayaaan i rarely (barely) get these kinds of opportunities...... *sigh* the time will come.... 
Designing brochures to fit the new branding. Not getting enough time to make them really cool though 
I wish i didn't get sick reading in the train.  it seems like a waste of time
so many things to do, so little time. i need a big hug 
I wish it was appropriate to make noise with my mixer at this time of the evening  I feel like baking!
@Jonasbrothers might miss the live web cast  I hate the time difference! And thefact it's in my sisters 21st birthday  fingers crossed
Still not used to the time difference here....only 5:30am 
@putriyanadi yes.. but i am very upset that they dont deliver my packages on time 
@MultiplyRaquel I thought the gym would take away the need of fags... but this time it didn't 
i`m having a hard time, finding shoes. 
No time for lunch again.....someone find me a better place to work!! 
trying to do to many things at the same time 
urgh - crunchy neck and pinchy nerve - think I might need professional help this time 
ipod touch crashed!!! first time 
got so close to finishing the essay... then fell asleep at lunch time, and has now woken up with a strange sense of defeat 
@jennytsang your making me hungry and i just had a hench lunch not so long ago  (although to me its a loonngg time!) LOL xD
Has a data import ever in the history of man worked properly on the first time?  
@aianna21 I want twin time  And boo friends. That's the worst thing ever, when you're caught in the middle.
alright, repairman has not shown up... hopefully by the time I get home from vacation it will be fixed (since I'll need to use it then!) 
People say I'm pretty all the time but how can I believe them when I've never been kissed  I'm 19 (via #zenjar )
@i_d_u time passes really quickly and we don't get the chance to realise how many people we've left behind... 
My friend is competing in a horse show and I can't go to watch  I'm so scared of horses so glad at the same time lol there so cute too.
@lastgeek not me this time. I thought I get blamed for everything.  or  I can't decide.
got home late from lunch cause the grade twelves ran into our test time 
one of those mornings when I want to write about three different things and haven't the time to even think about one of them. 
Given up on mass effect, its the third time I have tried to get into the game, for some reason I just find it really really boring. 
I have a feeling my voting papers won't arrive in time to be counted.  That's mainly my fault. 
After one drive-by shooting at one of our rentals two years ago I have to check this news every time I see it:  http://tinyurl.com/pabrap 
@mileycyrus are you going to tour to london? come back!!! didn't manage to get me or my sister tickets last time ... 
@AbsoluteWrite it's jungle love time! tried to call you - but you aren't accepting calls 
Every time I shave THIS happens -_-;... so I saw a FedEx guy at work, he asked me &quot;is there an adult I can talk to&quot;... I hate being short 
@gilamonstre it's a good feeling, but there are less and less of them all the time 
@aldoperalto i love you, baby...you make my day every time i see you&lt;3 ..idk what i would do without you in my life  ...i love you&lt;3
long drive to work....here now so its time for a nap.last night was a waste of my time ,couldnt drink 
@midnitemamacita and how he never calls radio stations. that was his first time... well he thinks he jinxed you.  he said sorry.
@blogdesigner We have not had time to blog on it  We are planning on turning it into a purely Obox business blog....
@suzypink I had a mild panic attack so they couldn't do procedure - have to do it again some other time under general anesthetic. 
@sceric77 i know, watching the feed     it aint over yet tho....there's still time..
I have 56hrs worth of sick time. What a joke! I don't have time to be sick 
@muselive *cries* i like many other muse fans have no access to money  but the next time! I will next time! yes!
@uyensday boo, no time to spare anyways, have to get back to the office....starving! 
ooo the joys of being sober ALL the time  ggggrrrr !
@xboxgirl08 ahhh! i can't believe i had to miss practice for like the first time  how were the pieces!
@TamekaRaymond  I know I would hate 2 be in the spotlight all the time. I wouldn't be able 2 take the heat.
@binnyva tht time it *.tff goes unknown filetype 
:: squint squint :: time for bed... long day of editing 
@jclima I hear so much about fedora, but every time I try it I'm disappointed  and switch back to ubuntu
@mikeward Wish U were here.    Next time, k?!
My least favourite part of a sleepover is when everyone leaves in the morning  cleanup time soon.
Thunderstorm  time to get our nails done!
traveling for next 3 weeks - I will be in way too many time zones for my brain and body to handle 
I didn't have enough time to get breakfast and i totally forgot to grab a yogurt 
Feels like crap today.  I think I'll be spending time on the bathroom floor 
@dawnya73 I can't book for a show that far out of town this far advance, so I'm out for the time being. 
I'm awake, now it's time to go out and spend my paycheque 
@jonburns I've been too busy to tweet lately. I haven't even had time for 140 characters! 
... there are more productive things I could do with my time.  But part of me also really wants it 
If you finish a book and need a shower to remove the icky feeling, it may be time to quit the series 
@thepjmorton you could've... but I wasn't on the planning team... by the time I thought about it, it seemed like a lost cause 
just cleaned the golf, its very shiney but unfortunately no time for the 102 step program 
i came to the gym at this time hoping to catch the price is right while working out but all of the tvs are on boring stations. 
@Haarlz because I never have the time, and my fans are always harassing me  www.stickam.com/profile/dakotarose
more essays to read  Regents prep time sucks
ended up working nearly an over over time  not in the best of moods got an ifected bite on my leg and it hurts soooo bad!!!! job No.2 now!
Every time I get excited about something I have to see the price tag  http://tinyurl.com/o3r29r
environmentally conscious ads shown only between documentaries but not at all any other time, how clever. 
going to take my practical  i need a shot or something. i think ill settle for jamba juice for the time being
WTF-why can't my coworkers do it right the first time...I am so tired of the incompetency 
@lieutfaber @laetha I have no time and no way to get over there besides! 
anybody see bblb earlier? why cant I get into it this time? I think it must be me coz im usually a fanatic. maybe too old now   lol
i've wasted my time making ANOTHER background! i really hope this one works!  :/
trying so0o0o hard but just dont have the luck maybe some other time i hope 
@ColdHearted19 not this time theres not one good thing on 
Lets see in how long I snap ;-( it's been a hard day no time for nada. I want my lunch time ;-( so I could clear my mind 
They don't like bath time! Cuties. I miss hershey  http://mypict.me/2Izr
@anikohar when your highlighters give up before you do you know it's time for a break 
One last quick swim in the ocean then time to head inside and get ready to go. 
off to the dentist, root canal time 
sad to be done with recording   time to make more money
@lisagoo nooooo, i shouldn't have clicked on that! lol. i cry every single time i watch that video, and this was no exception 
i'm pretty sure my full time job will be the death of me... so much to know and no one to teach me how  merde
@VisitMesa I have that problem every time.  
wish i had a phone so i can tweet all the time  
@Ganhyun i thought i was following you this whole time  i apologize! i lose track of things on twitter quite easily
Every time I see a 'request for articles' post somewhere I lement the fact I have nothing worth writing down right now 
everyone who was goin summerball looked so nice! sad times, last time i'll see some peeps for a while 
Maybe im fortunate for having potential clients interest but theres a time and a place for conducting business, nightime, is bedtime! 
I don't want to smoke anything though.  I even stopped smoking the other herb except for like, one time last week. XD
@oreth I don't want to smoke anything though.  I even stopped smoking the other herb except for like, one time last week. XD
@rulala  no pastries for us haha i wanted to go out but couldn't rationalize driving 7 miles when i could spend that time studying
@supersense I tried to turn my hearing aid up far enough to hear you, but alas, it just didn't work.    Looks like you had a great time!
I think I'm over compensating for my loose weave last time by making this one too tight! 
584 email in work inbox. Might be time to clean it up a bit. 
even in bitter temperatures giving his time for the shrewsbury hospice.....   
@blumusic I feel like every time I call you I'm going to get you in trouble, its not my fault!!  I'm crying right now, 
@emeraldjaguar He'll have plenty of time to shower in jail. Although a correction off. I know says it stinks to high heaven in there too. 
traffic on 26 &amp; i-5 already look bad. might not make it over to @beerandblog this time 
wonders why every time she thinks she found what she was looking for, it all falls apart 
@babeeshark i would ride bikes with you any time! i cant run 
It is no fun getting all four of your wisdom teeth taken out at the same time. 
bed time! more essays tomorrow  ugh. gun please.
@PastorJae and we've been outside this whole time trying to pitch tents and make fire and food 
hope my grandma gets to virgina in time to see my aunt one last time n maybe I can call to say bye one last time .... 
@santiii lmao yaaaaay! I hate the time differences 
What I've been dreading the most has arrived..hair cut time 
tgt will wfh today .. but spent my time watching movies ... 
@dirkjohnson I do want a period map. But I want a period map big enough that I can actually see something  Too bad that 1 doesn't enlarge.
taking me a long time 2 get 2~~ 500 followers! still need 28 ppl, been trying 2 reach this goal 4 three days!! 
@danMEH yep bullshit.. happens to me all the time..i've been walked all over by being too kind 
as if i'm sick again! this time... the flu... i feel awful 
Running around all day getting softball stuff. No time for comics. 
Just took a drug test. Most akward thing I have ever experienced.  the lady was watching me the whole time! :/
My wolf shirt didn't arrive in time 
@perception101 you have my sympathy. There was a time when I'd enjoy being up this late on a weekend 
and it never stop. i hate monsoon when it is a full blown one.  i m cold. =( and sleepy all the time. 
@Dustywizard awww this isn't a waste of time 
@eunicesrhapsody lol the coffee there is nice! I'm scared of mamadukes!! 1st time they forgot my order, 2nd time they short-changed me 
Lunch time  i really need to do something better with my life
Reading people's updates, didn't notice I was getting owned at my slayer task and almost died again.  Last time I died I lost fire cape
...and i miss @davidthealien and him throwing stuff at me all the time 
@CateP36 darn I won't get there in time then 
secret time isnt important 
I have so many things to do but so little time!! 
My updates have finally passed the number of people i'm following! Its about time. I wasn't even paying attention when it happened 
Just played beer pong for the first time! EVER! And lost.... 
Taking care of aiden.  He has a fever!  last time it was 101.3
holyshit. i just watched american beauty for the first time ever. i love kevin spacey, so that makes the ending like ten times worse 
bed time  love everyone! night!
i feel u @Mocoladrea waste of time! i give up too 
@gabhii haha i'just been to gili trawangan,senggigi beach.we havent had much time bc we've only had 1 full-day to explore the island   ...
http://tinyurl.com/q8slpg I think this guy is kind of telling me to talk to myself...i do that all the time and cant control my dreams... 
@squozen but, but.. I can't buy a blueray player until I'm working full-time again 
@benbadio yes i'm in bed now  next time!!
@horrors_wench I &lt;3 you boo. I mean you know. whatever.  come dancing next time. combichrist @glasshouse on the 16th.
spilt water to precious ipod. time to say good bye. 
This trip is over, time to come back to reality 
The comic book shop opens up at the exact same time I have to be to work in the morning. And it closes before I get off. 
Eurghh super coffee time 
@davioo yeah it was the first thing up on the screen, the full time score + result 
I wish I could invest more time on my blogs. 
spending time with the cousins at brisbane. spent the day shopping... or more like browsing. bought nothing 
@heartsthtgoboom haha, jealz of the time diff AND locale!! i am crying here watching it 
on the way.. Aaaall the time! 
After a lot of time here and there away from home, I am now faced with all the stuff I dropped here and there. The place is a mess! 
@andrewpycroft i know im saving up for speakers  i can still hear the bass though and it's all out of time and ahh i can't listen to it :p
'm doing my best to restrain myself from u. It's so painful  But it's high time I refrained.
@BigAssBadger put my vests away and got long sleever on that never happens at this time of year  still will get ironing done now at least
guess it's me only who has so much free time in hand....nobody's got the time to respond 
@ehu heh aww  I'll try I dunno if it's the right move but it's the only option that was available to me at the time 
This is the first time EVER I'm too old to win something! I need to be 14 to live my dream- thanks redio diseny!!! 
http://twitpic.com/6qhe9 - It was a good idea at the time but not so good right now 
so much homework to do - so little time. 
@hartluck i was so dispointed i ddnt get a chance to come and meet you say hi and get an autograph  maybe next time
 i just missed out on the hat pricing minigame....i hope i catch it next time! 
@artkids according to my wife it is time now to go shopping  lol
Just broke someone's heart... and it really doesn't feel good (especially since it's the 2nd time in just over 2 months) 
Early morning cuddle time.. I wish 
i would prefer to see movies at the theatre for matinees But someone has othe plans for me most of the time 
its raining now  christ weather is shittt time to listen to my blackout c.d and lostprophets to take it out of mind :'( i hate weather ahh
i'm studying maths   It sucks big time
Personal care time, then to meet a dear friend, then back to work again! 
time for a shower, then to bed. hopefully insomnia won't set in. out of zanax 
have to sneeze the whole time  think I'm getting a cold  and it's raining, where is the sun?? can't find it!
@VANS_66 u guys need to make another batch of social distortion high tops I missed out on them last time 
@bwason thanks for the suggestion. We are actually 2nd time home buyers. 
im about to clock in to work i really wish i was with my boyfriend at this time he may need me big time 
@f_i_d_g_e_t I had some terrible nightmares when I was pregnant! The only thing that made them go away was time. 
@simonssistasays Not good shue. He has pneumonia now. It sounds awful but the docs say its just a matter of time. Its not very nice. 
It was omly a matter of time before rhe rain returnd 2 us!!! 
@FireForce you so funny. I appreciate the laughter especially at this difficult time I'm going through 
@jazzy2fresh the life of property management jobs  what time do u work and til what time
time to pack my girl off to camp   
Evening is the time I take break from studies and come online...but guess what...hardly anyone chatable comes online then. 
@jaderoberts91 hiya!!!  long time no speak. (was i just used for britains got talent! lol) And you come on just as i'm about to leave.  
Discouraged by lack of time management 
I'm waiting 4 big brother 2 come on at 10pm ... still a lot of time left thou 
I wanna go to the gym again, but by the time i get there ill hardly have time to do anything, shuts at 5, 
omgg so cold and tired   i miss all time low
Workout time! Freeeezing and rainy here....perfect for the grad party today..NOT! 
Wish I was going to a bubble blowing show.  I guess someone has to save the world one word at a time 
first time washing my clothes. got to wait for it to be done then can sleep.  hope nothing goes wrong.
How can a dream be so good and so wrong at the same time. 
Finally got my haircut, shortest it's been in a long time, but now I have a cold head 
@modernally either we added the wrong username, or neither of us is ever online at the same time as the other 
@SalemWildfire *sigh* I know, I'm going to be broke all the time. 
@24cotton I get nervous too!! I've done it a lot but I still get nervous every time  do you have to speak today? If so good luck!!
You were wounded in stealthbooj's assassination plot on your spy ring. This is the second time he has attacked me  halllp
@ddlovato my grandad is not doing very well and I'm having a hard time dealing with it  I need to study but can't concentrate  I'm sad
@mileycyrus my grandad is not doing very well and I'm having a hard time dealing with it  I need to study but can't concentrate  I'm sad
For the record going 2 bed early doesn't help, u just toss &amp; turn until your normal bed time  but in good news, my cats r coming today!!
@rokks so I guess that means we are post poning our pool time! 
@cdoublev yeah - this time for good  hardware test showed a faulty processor - sad day
this has happened time and time again. i cant believe its happening again. pain. when can i ever find it something stable. why. why. 
@tear96 i might need to its just i downloaded so many apps from installous and that takes a long time  shittt
@leejonathan 1&amp;2 are in our fave films of all time,we walked out of the 3rd one in sheer disgust.we hoped bale would improve it this time 
back from yardsales - there were some good ones out today!  now time to cut lawn &amp; take nap.  no coffee as yet 
always the way - you make a poster, then go to print it, and you run out of ink.    time to run out for some more!
No time to even read my magazines. . . .  
because for the first time i had something real, and i realized too late, i couldnt fix it 
still sick..  looks like i wont get better for a long time now...
I miss spending time with my boyfriend. 
@MelissaEGilbert it started over again for that time only.  I quit tanning after that and I just heard a woman died from spray tanning. 
wants to go to barcelona for a concert but cannot find a decent plane time + price 
I hate falling asleep when I watch a movie for the first time   
Is hanging out with@briittaney and going to shoot my gun for the last time b4 I sell it 
Just woke up I'm smell and there are too many things to do at the same time I'm so confused 
@tyamdm thought was into the ticket site ...the browser stuck on no waiting time 
@JonnyDavenport I had hay fever one time. It was pretty bad  I feel for u
@whong09 twisted ankle  I'm down for nations some other time tho
time to get ready for one of that last places on earth that i want to go  not fun anyone willing to switch places with me?
damn cnt rememba the last time i sang 4real.. but rite now im wishin somebody can sing 2 me 
time to go to a wedding....that makes me want to get married even moreso  wahhhhh! haha
@elliottbeth always a good time for a wee voddie-because you're worth it ;) crazy week, but I'm good. miss y'all - no time to tweet! 
http://twitpic.com/6rmby - another sculpture.......didn't have time to fire it 
time to grind level 4 caldari navy missions in eve online            : /   :0
@LuvJanelly Two days ago, my sweet. This is the first time I haven't been blue about the whole thing. 
got a haircut finally, thanks Mollypop!  now time to clean 
homework time 
is getting her oil changed and her car inspected... both are way over due haha  but no time like the present right?? going to see the pare
Suffering the loss of my laptop   time for a new one
@doodledawne I would like to go back in time and save someone 
@Twizz8  I kno!!! Hopefully time flies........
@boldavenue disappointed. I like the idea of stalking, but just don't have the time 
@BuddhaDogGirl very lousy but it seems the universe has plans for us to meet another time. poor leonie is not well either 
My ass is spazzing for no reason. I think it's time for me to get some fresh air. 
only problem was sudden weather change resulted in shorter run time, increased lung pain &amp; major stitch forcing walk for 4 mins  x
@labspaz my house too! It made @hampiee leave last time.. 
@kkaylin well were are probly going to have the time of our lives since were all going to be together.. but just promise you won't cry.. 
I'm so cold  looking forward to tomorrow though but that means no rev time. So scared for physics!
@KatlovesJLS enitttt  its all the time, sucks!x
I hate fighting with my brother. This time it's really, really bad... 
tagging songs takes a long time 
@thegame123 you haven't replied, so I guess you are not online  anyway, I hope you'll have an awesome time back home!
party time!!! but first...the gym. 
Just realize that I need to lose weight big time!! 
@hollyvale that's the billionth time someone's made a reference to thighs today, it's like national thigh day or something. I hate mine 
@Megatunes That's so great and awful at the same time! 
has the worst hangover of all time. No more dance parties at Neils... 
Program selling time 
I just spent 5 dollars more on this trip to the gas station than last time! 
@DonnieWahlberg I wish I could wear a BClub shirt, but I won't have it in time for my concerts. 
Not too happy with my shooting lately, lack of time might be a probable cause 
someone send me back in time to stop me losing stuff 
@dougiemcfly too late, we're already crying! we didn't want you guys to leave  hope next time you will stay longer!
cleaning my classroom. . .for real this time 
@angielim That's a little far. And last time I hung out with you and @sammwong you didn't enjoy the extra company. 
 broken hearts will heal with time...
Lower back pain  Now time for those old Serbian people to come :/
@skanwar what do you mean? I thought we had a good time, I guess not.  but invite is open for drinks around luminato festivities with us!
We all found significant others to occupy our time this summer and our group kind of drifted apart. I kinda miss us 
We all found significant others to occupy our time this summer and our group kind of drifted apart. I miss us 
@vuhnessuh Not even then  anything involving real-time chatting they're against.
i didn't win anything on the blogtv of kaleb  there is always next time
@ilovecpstyle *e-hugs* don't worry... you'll find your man soon. Give it time! 
i think its time to pull the goalie 
Just tried sushi for the first time and i was so excited but i'm so disappointed. 
@wickedhailey Maybe you'll win it today!  I love this fabric, use it a lot, unfortunately it was discontinued some time ago 
@itschelseastaub i know  but since you are a better singer than brian i say you just come on tour with us we'll hang out all the time
aweshoot we lost the game  o well time to party and cheer on my friends! cya twitterville!!
two minutes before going out, waiting for the cab is just the perfect time for realizing my outfit is too ridicilous. 
@TeelaJBrown what will it be for wine time? great running into you this week - sorry I was frazzled. construction=stressful 
@TeelaJBrown yummy. I'm still dry for the time being. no longer the diet, but antibiotics. bummer 
This is my first time sitting down all damn day. I'm tired. 
finally has internet at the camper, but its not strong enough to really check anything but this  time to watch a movie &amp; go to bed.
@hollyking already quit out   maybe next time!
 we lost but thats ok the series isn't over one more game!!! but we had a really fun time....now time to take meds and go to bed
is sunburned from too much time at the lake. 
How can i be having such a good time, but feel dead inside =/ what did you do to me.  *jocelyn&lt;3*
time to put the guitar and song away for the night. I miss my brudder  sleep time!
it's really sad when u think that u have time for a nap but when u feel like getting into it the alarm wake u up 
@vipstylecars if you watch the lebron commercial where he sings time after time, he's wearing those. I want a pair 
Peters having a hard time pulling through his injuries... I've done my best and it feels like it's not good enough 
I don't know what I'm feelin'; I feel hungry at the same time tired and sort of dizzy 
There isn't going to be anything happening for some time yet- this is just a warning for all you dying of boredom! - sorry!  
@jeanh i hate myspace  it's so slow and it doesn't load for me most of the time 
@420thoughts it was intentional. he planned it quite a bit ahead of time too.   I'll see if I can find the article I read earlier.
@nallonielane I feel kind of left out. So much is going on and I'm just sitting on my ass bored all of the time. I need money for things. 
@NomDuJour But the manga I read that are violent are usually depressingly so, ie. main characters dying all the time. 
finally I'm back home, now time to get back to work on the design project 
is big time screwed for property law and very much screwed for constitutional law too.  http://plurk.com/p/yzur3
My p and h keys only work half the time and a few other keys keep popping off 
@mscarleen lucky you, got to go. i didn`t  didn`t buy ticket in time.
Going to bed this time not with the bay I'm in my own bed tonight 
@LoonyShoshana: I'm sorry you are being put through such a rough time.  It's unfair, and cruel, and you don't deserve it. [hugs]
I'm so ridiculously bored, I think it's time for the melatonin 
@mrule55 dont want me time w me?  tear!
So much for going out  errz. All good. Quality time with the cousins
thought i might have more company tonight. guess not  guess its sleep time
Waching old time movies when i was not alive 
@epwait i've done that once or twice... the living out of the car thing... its not all that bad... until its time to sleep... no room 
@foxydrea You know it sometimes takes awhile for the poop to come... I was just passing the time. 
Thanks for not bothering to spend time with me today.  But I understand, I'm only your girlfriend.  You have better things to do, right? 
ahahahaha. can i trust guys this time? 
@kSUY yeah LOL the last time I got in-n-out, I went home early with food poisoning 
@Ausadian98 good enough for me :] i was just thinking, the time difference between here and there is going to make it hard to watch games 
is sad that E3 is over. I feel like I didn't have time to actually hang out or see anything. 
nervous of what is to come... time flies by too fast 
it's so sad  and it makes me cry every time i watch it. i'm so glad they're playing this movie.
@SymesyBoy ouchhh painful  and 2 months is a verryyyy long time that sucks
@cadistra @dhollinger @omgitsafox it's been a bug since the dawn of time  sometimes it turns off loads of other pet skeelz too D:
whoops.. 1am already. I guess if I want to get to the e30 picnic on time I need to go to bed 
I feel horrible. I think I'm going to spend today with time to myself. I need some things to change... Why me? When is it my turn? 
i just dont want to be talking 2 my mom the whole time! 
I've got some spare time, thought i would make a new background, still trying to figure out what resolution to use though 
ray back to spore. sigh  time to do some house cleaning. double sigh!
just woke up. it's time to prepare for my diploma 
is trying to sneakily download a game but its taking its time, I'm impatient 
i changed my return ticket to july 2, so i'll be back on july 3. i'll miss the gay pride  but i'll spend more relaxed time in the himalaya
hates exam time 
@roleplaygateway Why is the server down this time? i was looking forward to some roleplay today 
@mslogica that part of the world seems to be having a rough time at the moment! 
@StephWBates  so o! hats sounds like me! lol  yeah, its pissing it down, waste of time no one will go and everything will get soaked! 
My keyboard couldn't have picked a better time to die 
good morning...time to start the homework/ c/w load 
Just been for a jacuzzi. Now time to pack 
waiting for a call  actually it's time to be happy... but somehow it doesn't work
think its time to do some maths 
Finally goin to bed up all nite working on emergency planner 4 girls .. Having a hard time with the thought of being away from them  .nite
study time.. goodbye tweeter 
@jaswindervirdee I work at a golf shop part time  ye I got photoshop one and http://www.thecreativitywall.com
time to do the ironing 
I am soo tired now.  Next time I want breakfast and a decent nights sleep before going to the gym.
needs to start running some time soon, but it's just so hard to run without a music player of some sort. 
says time for dinner, then computer!   Then homework,  http://plurk.com/p/z2ltc
just had a nice lunch, now its time to relinquish control of the laptop to the girlfriend 
my body is playing up. please don't be sick. it's just not the time 
@MupNorth what's that?? i'm on a diet too...i need to tone up big time!! but i hate dieting 
@vawinetime yeah, was dissapointing, really was off, first time in a while that I poured a bottle down the drain 
I'm craving for Starbucks. It's been a long time since I had a frap 
I miss my friends, I just love spending some time with them 
@alfonsonunez I get those thoughts all the time dude... And I don't know either  http://myloc.me/2UxA
@charlieskies My mum throws my clothes out all the time - I never get to do that 
is still ill, this sucks, big time 
@beckstan The last time I called for delivery I asked for Upsiize to get the glass but they didn't give it to me. 
okay, I am getting really nervous about what to wear on my trip(s) and I'm worried I won't really have a lot of time to pack!  
When do i get time to actually learn  short term crud of being a generalist.
@daldisco great game, i have it on my iphone but it keeps crashing after  some time 
@EmmaMay88 i need a job too  im broke all the time!
needs to really start her work soon....... lol will probs end up not doing it......which would be bad  well ill try again 4 the 5th  time
i'm getting bored of jenson button winning the f1 races all the time... 
I think lack of enough sleep over an extended period of time causes migranes. I has one 
welp It's time to start saving for a few new lens 
@devwidow LOL. Unfortunately, the relationship ended when I told her to buy her own alcohol. I guess saving doesn't pay off all the time. 
@fetalmind17 i hope my sacrifices pay off big time,need a job badly 
@herwonderfulday i feel for you lissa! my friend at work is doin it 4 the 1st time to. hopefully ths wil b my last time 
I'm now a joint world record holder, 7 ferrero rochers' in 1 minute! I feel privaledged and sick at the same time 
worrying about something that i cant change  time to get over it and move on...
bodos messed up my order  but it was still good! shower time!
@thiefree i just realised!!! gah! sorry  twas my first time.
@jadoredaff wazz goodie daff long time no see or speak 
@serenetan haha cannot lahz, my business and projects already do until no time go c movie liaoz. 
@ptswagga dang,I hate when that happens...especially being sick in the summer time!!! 
food time! my tummy is empty. 
Is going to another grad party. But this time on crutches  
@pauloelias smart! but it always does weird thing when i plugged it in. last time it erased all my old music.  that's y i haven't done it
diving dolphin quad at 3...for most likely the last time 
apprentice final and euro election results at the same time  Yes i really am that sad.
hope everybody has a great time on the canoe trip!  so sad I can't come 
 fun time. so tired. train to boston soon 
Too much to do!  No time to rest 
@JustAliceCullen I dont have bonding time with my parents ... 
I think it was a girl who got a weave for the first time. and that is painful. 
is sick of being let down all the time 
sick again? what's the deal here..I don't have time to be sick. 
@JennyJames89 thanks hun, I know  and it isn't even the first time she did it... she's definitely not a friend anymore..
@Tooory  its a sad time, i cant belive my mum and dad had sex, i mean that just disgusting, i can't belive they'd do such a thing :O
@chesshirecat well that's weird...every time i try opening your blog, my browser freezes and closes due to an error 
@PennyAsh that is good. I hate carring anything for any length of time. I get tired of having to use the other hand to unroll the 1st 
@HariSian you need to come over some time. i'm bored out of my mind without socialising 
Sorting through my grandmas belongings.. Probably last time ill ever be here.. 
@Jemmamama i was talking about the phone lol..i fink ive reached my limit - just wasting time now 
@ThisisDavina yay  normally everything is on at the same time 
waiting on a call back from jerry(emerging artists)  and kalvyn for stage time and float time for the pr parade and festival 
I am still so upset about the A's game. I am not understanding why every time I make plans to see the A's, they never happen. *sigh* 
@beznee lots of small things just not a nice time of the year is it 
just pooped on the back deck and made all the people mad! naptime for real this time! ...in the kennel though 
@AlexaRPD hmm, where's the option for both at the same time?! I just finished working for the euro elections. I have voting fatigue 
Has anyone actually found a 4 leafed clover, the past hour and a half of my life was a complete waste of time 
@beingnobody me too  the worst thing is that my easiest exams are all first, so I've been concentrating on them.. now I have  no time :'(
crank up the music, time to study for finals 
No beach for me  time to get clean and make other plans.
i feel like crying  why does time pass by so fast?
Every time I lay outside to read and have a nice lazy afternoon, the bugs come out and want to feast on me. 
@PierreLucBenoit Yes. Looks like I'll be here for awhile yet  We should get together next time you have free time!
Chess or checkers...idk what it means but hadn't dreamnt her in a long time...it really sux not being with her anymore 
feel  rough...time to sleep 
@JaneyGodley I wouldn't worry Alans duties will be over by the time the next series comes round 
Fallout 3 is buggier now than when I first played it. Crashes half the time when I leave VATS. What the heck 
@markhoppus please make loserkids.com faster. it's taking forever. and my order got deleted twice. suchh a waste of time. 
All is well! The only thing lost was valuable studying time 
There is soup all over my pillow!  when in bed, one should not eat and read at the same time. lesson learned.
thinks its nearly time for bed - has to get up super early tomorrow 
@angielala that is along time.. cause the club i went to was horrible... and i miss trey... 
thinks dominos for dinner at this time of night was never the best idea we had!  i feel sickkkkkkk!
fell asleep on the couch and lost half my day.   now it's time to get caught up on everything around here, joy oh joy!
@lindsaybatts711 awww. we didn't make the movie in time!  i was so sad....we are going tonight or something i think though
i want left 4 dead 2. the first one wasn't bad but i beat it in no time. it was a bummer.  hopefully the next one will be SAWEET! xD
Ugh!!!! My laptop is getting on my nerves!!! This is thee worst time for her to die 
time for yogurt and thrifting with daniella!  i miss @jenegulley already! 
bed time. man my eyes are sore 
Writing a critical lens  but I think its dinner break time!
@stranger_danger I am have like tried to email them five time during this whole week and I keep getting a 'failure to send&quot; thing 
@coolacid it will, it just doesnt update real time  #spymaster
@marleyuk have been well. I just noticed I had unfollowed you somehow.  I hope you have been having a good time across the pond
showa time!  no fun without weed 
so he asked me out  but I JUST made plans  boooo. next time. I can't wait till after graduation!
mental break down due to havin so much to do in so little time and a lot commin up in soo little time  it will be okay tho!! ill be fine!
If i have to do this song one more time ill poo on his cowboy hat 
Where did the time go? 
have hurt thumb...not typing v well...  can't do anything much... even wash up or cook - i think will have to spend some time reading
@iammenina I know so much work, less time on the internet. So sad  ))
@taradeguzman has the teacake bakeshop improved a lot lately? last time I went there it was icky  but that was long ago!
so because of this i'm having a hard time properly conveying to him to please get out of my faceeeee!  this is annoying.
did my nails (black and purple) 4 the first time in over 3 years. discovered i'm in possession of very poor, underdeveloped motor skills 
worked out for the first time in a while!  nut now im feeling sick 
I hate losing my burts bees. Like seriously, it's devastating every time 
@latte_nowhip, not this time 
@bonjour_kitty i didn't make your logo in time did i? 
@mileycyrus Saying good bye always hurts no matter who you say it to i have to say goodbye all the time 
with a lot to do for my new apartment...and the time and weekends are not my friends 
@nicalycab No ability to buy used phones off our site at this time 
Wasting my time, while I should be doing homework for university. 
I always feel like a bad person when I throw away leftovers that we didn't eat in time. 
@overb7 the rx bandits aren't coming to buffalo this time around. 
@Lampy02 LoL, the flight actually went flawless for once!  We had a good time!  I'm sad to have to go back to work already 
@bohemiangeek @sciencegoddess no cup holder  But that would be a great addition. In the mean time you use the armrest I guess. 
I think it's time for bed now, feelin a little sick  tweetuweet
@warrenellis sad at that political outcome. apathy must b at an all time high back in the motherland (or is that fatherland now?) 
It always makes me nervous buying a used vehicle.. Hopefully not too many surprises come up with repairs any time soon 
unhappy...found out many of my student make their presentation in the time when they suppose presented it 
Designing, redesigning, rendering, rendering, and...running out of time 
@jkapadia We had to give him up. We didn't have the time to give him the attention he needed with 2 kids and such a small space 
All my friends are in different area codes and time zones 
had a great time at the lake but I'm burnt 
I'm having a hell of a time with the bridge to my new song! Blehhhh  this sickness has taken over my brainnn
@djsussone My car got broken into last time I went to a club over there 
...made the mistake of coming downtown...I'm sooooo tired of cops. I didn even do nuthin this time. 
@hufflepuff4ever I'm SO jealous.  It rains all the time here but we hardly ever get thunder 
@trinaAlert Thats what ive been trying to tell @hollaelizabeth this whole time! you havent been on stickam lately  twitter took over?
my heart breaks every time he leaves  but i cant be one of those girls, as much as saying goodbye hurts......i know im doing right by me.
Finally home and able to relax. I feel somewhat justified in this, but at the same time I'm sure I'm overreacting and you have it worse. 
@Gotjuicygirl by the time i get there all the fun will be over  haha
I tried john i tried. Next time. sold out  cant win em all.
@morningreverie its very good! I liked it have u seen the film? I havent really read much of new moon no time 
I keep thinking of someone who has sort of stopped talking to me though. They used to get in touch all the time, but now they've stopped 
would really like 2 stop feeling like this... oh well time 4 work 
up, had food, shit weather.  time to get ready for work i guess, bus at 9ish. byee X
whole time, i don't evn have 100 followers. smh 
The pursuit of happyness........... Gets me every time 
I don't know how after all this time I'm just recently having bad birth control side effects  pink dot delivering me soup any minute now
getting up early is only going to mean i've got enough time to fish out my stuff from my suitcase after the weekend. not make me early. 
@austinspeaks i'm falling in love!!! lol, not really but i could easily now  &amp;  @ the same time
@psychodwarf Sadly, too much to do to have time for socks atm 
4 : 13 and i'm in my boring maximum time!! huuugghh!! 
I think everyone who i was talking to fell asleep on me at the same time 
@dannypcrook No time  .But I'll see what the future brings,because it was so great to be in the arena instead of watching fights on TV
i think i tmay be dinner time....  sigh
Women have 2 weapons: mascara and tears. Apparently we can't use both at the same time 
time to sign on the dole godlife sucks when u have no job no money and no one will give you a chance i'm only 20 i should go to college 
@inertia_games we have failed to play any games in our spare time  #dare09
my grey leggings have vanished  need to wear black! sunbed time in the rainnn x
crap my projector is giving me a lamp hour warning now  like i needed that expense reminder every time i start it
Nearly lunch time. It might rain before I get a chance to go to the shop 
Loves story time after weekends! I'm certainly going to miss them. 
just split my third pair of jeans...   maybe its time to start buying anything other then skinnies
3 hours of general studies.it takes the piss even more than my answers. revision time now.. ow 
man its nice having less traffing going to swim cause the high schools are out.  time for work 
@auditorycanvas That's one of the primary reasons I've so little archived output: by the time it's polished enough to record, I hate it. 
@chicatx05 yes! LOL how was your trip...we didn't get to hang out  well next time.
i need a huge centre of mass to time travell....where can i get that? i basically need more time in hand 
haven't uploaded anything in multiply for a long time! i miss the old multiply! 
i was the maddest and saddest girl that time 
@suedray  time will fly and you'll be back again hon have a safe journey x
It's 9 pm already??!! Where the hell did the time go?? 
so freaking exhausted...collapsed. and i still have so much to do and so little time. 
study time...  can't stop listening to marie digby's song feel.. It's addictive
Lunch time swim not too bad considering... 2 weeks no swim makes a difference, not in a good way though 
 well maybe next time my dreams with come true
I hate mornings.  They're my most seizure-prone time!  
Wow just sweared out loud - thunder lighting not good - time to disconect! 
@LuvlyTash I was just about to ask u the same thing.  I don't even remember the last time I saw u 
So many cool #RPGs, so little gaming time 
....and I got soaked anyway - rain came down for a second time when I had nowhere to run 
was enjoying watching the tv... then everyone got up at the same time 
final exams time....sucks 
#squarespace I don't think i'll ever win this contest. :/ it is a total waste of my time 
@tondekker unfortunately youtube films don't stop you getting pissed wet through every time you leave the house 
Keeps having really vivid dreams, which is sometimes good, but most of the time it isn't 
uploading the schoolmates photos to facebook, all the picture are blur guys! it'll took a long time to upload it my connection really bad 
i wish i could be with my friends, in their time of need. 
back 2 work...  got used to loads of free time...
@Gioiaa why do i never know when there's a new chapter  remind me tomorrow please! no time now 
i def wish i was still down the shore  lunch time wit dad! ! !
Oh why do docs give you appointments? You never actually see anyone on time 
@alejandradd  Last time they took away the number of unread tweets, and now the collapse-to-taskbar option is gone.  
Lunch time dentist appt. This time I will NOT get a speeding ticket! 
is going to miss my job! my last day was yesterday  but bigger opportunities await me so its time to go try summin diff!
@ConejoJoe I go through from time to time to clean things out as well, yes.  do you know of any good night spots here in TO?  dead town 
@lifeinoleg this collection took me about 5-6yrs of constant collecting  time to start anew!
Now I do nothing, I hate this day because I had to go out with my friends. But time is getting worse and everything is ruined 
really need to estimate my eating capacity! this is the nth time food is getting wasted 
i'm trying to seperate my time to spend it with all of you today, but i dont think im gonna get to everyone 
I did not get the job  hopefully ill get it next time.
this is the happiest i've been in a longgggggg time. but, i still find myself crying because the things that make me happy.. arent here. 
@Pattyoboe *sigh* wish I had more time. And I'm extremely self conscious about my writing. I made 3 errors, grammar, etc. last time. 
blasted internet is soooo slow due to this storm, everything is taking double time to load   can't seem to access most of the pages !!!!
Feeling like crap I just want to sleep but when u have a two year old there is no time for sleep!!! 
home had a amazing time but soooo tired 
is taking a break from the never ending task of cleaning.... 
lunch time. Yay!! But after this its back to work 
Every time I try to compress video with Lagarith, the final footage plays way slower than normal.  Huffyuv is eatin' mah harddrive space!
@oheves Haha yeah there is that year difference. I feel bad now  ... you HAVE to see them next time!
it's been  a long time,,i was swamped with exams  and i can really use your support guys,,wish  me luck^^
since my brain thinks it night time right now i am sooo tired, i dont want to go to sleep though 
@kristaphoto All the weddings I've been to were over in no time. I never got a chance to cry. 
laundry time... 
@ifenn Wish I was there, too... it was all sold out by the time I hit the website 
@apitu : wow, I wish I had that kind of time and didn't have to worry about cooking 
Wondering if i'm too late for the #weekofwin so many ideas no bloody time. 
@maxreemer I know how you feel mine does it all the time  xx
#blackberry app world leaves a lot to be desired  hope it gets better over time...
missing another mashed up monday  beginning to think I have some autoimmune disorder that makes me sick all the time...
is really depressed and worried I won't be able to squat/deadlift for a long time 
@richardcobbett I would be replaying it, but I am getting awful stuttering issues cropping up all the time 
@dirtbagdiaries I really liked what she had to say about mom's claiming their fair share of play time ... too many of us don't! 
mowing the yard...my favorite pass time 
still awake and doing blogs.. having a hard time to sleep 
cleaning my closet out is so time consuming!! 
I need to be a superman just for a minute... need to rewind time and fix something... 
Bad rec on 528, has to cut through The Lakes to get to work on time, think there was life flight 
home, why in the hell would anyone ever want a full time job  
Wishing I could have snuggled with my bunny one more time 
Its L word time! I hope I sleep better tonight man 
Would adore a 5 minute time-out before chores, but this oncoming severe t-storm is not allowing me rest 
mmmnn... i am craving some chocolate! i think i am going to go get me some! i will be back in 20. i know it seems like a long time..ugh 
how many hours until mantaince  i live in a different time zone. somebody help me !!
Having a hard time falling back to sleep, all thanks to my hurting throat and non stop coughing  I have work later
bachelorette time, but just not liking this season after all the stuff being said, seems fake 
is feeling the distance, which makes finding time to log in all the harder. 
@KahleeRose At least you dont have to pay off 4 credit cards and each time you pay all youre really paying is the interest 
@TheFatBoys KIDDING !!! tell him to tweet earlier so we could tweet him at a normal time (estern time) i`m always in bed when he comes 
The game got cut off early ...    dinner time!
i won't see him for a looong time now  don't know how things are gonna pick up in a couple of months.... thinking modeee.
time to start on essay number 2 
If you change the meeting time from 8 to 845 you should at least remember to tell the person whos always 15 min early 
@Elysegabrielle when's the next time solfege is at marlboro rec? I miss everyone 
@carolynaaa28 i want to put nails on but..not sure i will have time. 
exam time sucks hardcore! 
@SandiMon sounds like you're having a fun time with that cold of yours. 
i miss my blackberry's connection so much.. still don't have a time to go to Grapari. have to study for the encounter 
wanted to do a youtube contest but no time  haul vid instead
got a little burnt tanning, but only on her backside... weird, that didn't happen last time. 
breaks over... where does the time go? 
@bdidremix haha I hear it all the time but nobody wants to take me 
@iheartellenshow  last time used to be less than $800. when we just had credit cards
@MiSsxNataLie haha same here i was just stuck in 93 too.. and its going to be like this for a loooong time 
My all-time crying song  http://bit.ly/NBwFq  It will calm you down.
time to start homework 
@yrclndstnlvr i saw everyoneeee today except you darlinggg.  i didnt have time to run upstairs before math started for you. i sorry!
Why do we need to make doctor's appointments when you never get seen on time delegated anyway  
Face time 
Crying.  I don't even know what about this time. There are so many things I cry over, right now I'm just crying like the stupid baby I am.
too much in my mind at the time. I wish I could shut down the world for a second and take a deep breath. A little soul time wouldn't hurt 
After all the time we spent together Now you've just become like everything I'll never find again At the bottom of the ocean 
Wow horrible nightmare. I keep having the same nightmare again but it's like the story continues from same spot I woke up last time 
wen code steps on each others feet it really pisses me off...time for some debugging 
I feel so stupid in creative writing. I need to blog but can't. Bath time.  
@teruyo last time i made a new tag some new guy reverted it and sent me dmail about it 
I want to take a nap. I'm worried that I wont get up in time though and end up missing my deadline 
when's the next time the tiger's play i lost my schedule 
autopano seems to be taking the max amount of time to correct lens distortion 
@Eedabadee haha! finishing up this freelance web design gig + homework from my summer class seems to leave me with no free time 
ahh! so many books i want to read, so little time 
@charlottem23 My internet broke and by the time i fixed it youd gone 
jus cheated on my diet! i feel so bad but good @ the same time  i need some will power i guess...1 day @ a time
Staring at an empty inbox for the second time this year. Unfortunately, the emails disappeared without a trace 
It's already 10?  Where did the time go? 
@SinnamonS yes girl &amp; I just looked through it the 1st time.I missed my chance to vote now. 
@jdee313 when I didn't get the invite  next time I'm rollin.......
Late lunch time. McDonalds it is  fail
so glad the French orals over and done with.... now it's time to study for the written part 
@PamDH where is the photo at?  unless @flyairnz takes pity on me -- don't think it's in the cards any time soon 
owie headache won't go away  only an hour till home time YAY
Only one customized icon at the time.  http://twitpic.com/7ixz8
Scanning takes up a lot of my time 
everyone's got their bad days..barry zito just tends to have a whole lot more than the rest of us. better luck next time barry 
andddd it's time for bed. i still haven't caught up with my crazy weekend yet. my eyes are sooo heavy 
I have decided that I need to start working out, I feel like an unhealthy slob approximately 96% of the time. 
@orangecheebra I'm not either  I lost two of my all time favorite necklaces T-T
poor jarryd hayne  he has the flu, AND im trying my hardest to forget that the tigers beat parra for the first time in 4 years -__-
homework time 
Trying to decide on the most efficient (time and energy wise) dinner to prepare for the kiddies...never easy 
@EnvyAmor I'm sorry about your boy.  is he gonna be in there a long time?
up early to wait for a silly man to come round and fix something. dad forgot what time he said 
@tea_why it sounds like you are having a hell of a time wherever you are...sorry friend 
@MamaWildThing    I do nice things with my time because I am retired and can do what the heck I like each day..you have to go to work  
Is not happy with the family time atm, misses the lomans and arroyans 
ugh...I got to bed just in time for dog assplosion. This is not looking good 
1k-2k great time to lose 2 pots  down to 34k
@Woffles Mages have been fucked in the arse for 2 patches now, I can't see it changing any time soon 
@nikipaniki poor thing.. I understand how it feels  my tummy was sick for a loooooong time diarrhea )):
@BigBreezy its not crunch time ..its sleepy time but my brain isn't listening 
having hard time eating sbb my pierced lips 
time for a brew, then mooore washing  x
went to see her gramps yest and is very upset by the news! want to spend more time with him but he lives and hour away and i have work 
i am such an idiot..never have i ever left anything in any of the hotels i have stayed at over the years...but this time i freaking did! 
sadly i will only be on twitter during school time because of my computer being infected with spyware and cant seem to get rid of it 
@petiterachx you could just leave it open and come back when you have more time 
is beamin' over the fact that he got his glassfish server working today but sad he doesn't have time to mess with it 
@VOMalleyPhoto weak well no i take that back its cool like high of 76 today i like this time of the season but hattteee the pollen 
@DwightHoward I was working for myself in the hall, taking more than 500 shots, every time i wished the magic would turn the series... 
@WTofficial mmm tour time... i hope iget tickets this time, i missed out on the last one.. 
homework time 
spending a whole day with my sexy lover is fun. but its time to go to work. 
finished soup, have made a brew almost time to start work again 
best breakfast ever! the longest time is playing, but now i miss my bubby! 
lots of homework to do.....   i have no time to use the computer 
i'd kill for a red bull but i have no time to stop anywhere! 
ugh time for summerschool. screw geometry. so boring. 
I feel lik ive been tourtured 4 six an a half hours! 4 that time i didnt eat,drink,pee,talk or move out of my seat !! 
doesn't think she can get this draft done on time. plus mood's a b****, zero motivation, the night ended with silence. 
On the road again without my co-pilot.     But I know she's having a great time at camp.
@marodi working alot, getting ready for a big event in july and manymanyMANYmore... no time even for a sleep 
@sandythomson sorry can't help this time 
hurted by people i back up, happens all the time... manusia selalu mengecewakan.... 
@Jonasbrothers am i used to wait in loooong time for that album? 
Off to sports i really don't have time but my parents will go mad if i don't go ?! That'll be learning till late tonight 
is mentally preparing to write a cv - been a long time tho &amp; don't know where to start 
i wore my retainers last night for the first time in prolly 2 months. now my teeth hurt soooo bad! 
I cannot understand my 2 year old  she needs/wants something + I don't know what it is. She's crying all the time boo.
wants to be with M but doesn't know how she'll be able to get out of the house at this time 
@jimble_jamble I know  I'm so bummed I didn't have my phone on me .... 1st time ever, LOL, figures LOL!
@KimberlySMoore I had such a good time seeing you too!! I already miss you and my niece and nephew 
i dont have time/energy to start my food blog for real, maybe i need to start drinking coffee 
@naticeolin ok sounds great  but you have to think of the time difference .. 
@willtothe next time u call me at least say nice.. not bitchin me out 
getting crazy .. my mobile is ringing all the time .. i don't want him 
@3btracks yeah, I'm not performing anymore, sucks. Next time 
I had that dream again last night , but this time I felt nothing 
thinking about finally starting my own little tax services. so much to do...so little time 
shoot, its almost time to go back to work 
I never seem to have any time anymore. 
Having some me time on the other side of the house, since a video game is taking priority. 
I hate time zones.Those makes  me waiting more than one day to get replies 
@Starlysh I'm sad that you'll be in a further away time zone 
I havn't seen any of my friends in such a long time  i miss you all.  I didn't get my haircut in the end because god told me not to -lol-
@themarcomatic and then it rains by the time we are able to get out and enjoy it 
@MaraGannon its not ready yet! and i have no time anyway  
@missroxieanne I crave boba all the time and all the places close to me closed now. 
Every time I talk with one of my friends back home my heart breaks a little bit!!  miss you guys so much!!!
@MzLdy2U i know when i changed time zones it wouldnt let me sign on for some reason 
@CathySavels I hate when I have time to watch TV and there is nothing on! 
My computer is way broke and i don't have time to call dell...   also, it had the play my girls had written on it... D:
@jinjagirlie @nursiejo .............he just made putting it away 'romantic together time' so I would help him 
ah just took a shower. i feel soo refreshed. time to oragnize and clean out paiges room...let the packing begin 
Is bored  this would be a good time to make a video.
@YungBossLos it was okay..she talked the whole time...we didnt get to do an experiment 
could use some tlc  not having a good time of it right now
ugh. every time I think I'm almost to 100% I realize I'm not fully recovered. &amp;even the simplest things are so exhausting. 
@Voldymort ooc: what time will you be on again, I always seem to miss you? 
@TwistedToes I got it the first time, I was just trying to be funny, guess I wasn't...  
Every time a good song comes on they change it  Wtf.
Fixing to take a brutal test, I have had zero fun the last 3 days...study and work all the time 
@FallenStar1 that is always the most frustrating thing about hospitals! you*re @ their mercy, on their time table ... i*m sorry sweetie 
On my way to the dentist, i will be speechless for the next 5 hours! It was not fun last time! 
I think with the downtime coming it would be a good time to shower and get stuff done that I've been putting off since last week. 
@modishblog I'm sad that I missed your talk  By the time I logged in the room was already full, hopefully can catch u next time!
@Hojeans dont lie, you had fun that time i was there......admit it 
Why is everyone going green - last time everyone went green it was for Thalon 
feels sick, I don't think a cookie will do it this time.  cheer up?
I just spent a lot of time trying to remember my password, only to forget who I was logging in to add to my feed! Shucks, darn, poo 
on the grind with no time on my hands... im so sleeeepy 
I've got a feeling the demi book didn't get to demi in time....  there goes 5 pounds in the drain!
@davewhittle and by the look of the fog... you won't be coming any time soon! 
algebra classes are keeping me too busy, after that i get headaches! haven't had time to respond to anybody  sorry, guys. soon.
dinner time. ear still blocked. 
It's past time for the ol' website to get a facelift.... now it's just a matter of finding the time to do it. 
I swear I am having a hard time just staying awake in summer classes! can't find it in me to stay up and pay attention 
is calling quits for today. I can only review so much code at a time and be crushed by finding out I reviewed the wrong codebase 
It's daily walk time. Too bad it's 95 degrees out. 
So today I got my endoscopy and colonoscopy done  I know but I was asleep the whole time. They found nothing.
saying goodbye to the pink wall   The time has come, but it is still so sad to see it go....
@KellyHuerta u better i aint seen u in decades. hey yoanna told me i met her when i met u long time ago lol i dont remember 
@rtaz78  guess we should check the weather next time.
some many things so little time 
:: internets down once more  but gave me enough time to start planning my next move ::
That was the sweetest thing I've read in a long time. 
did we do something naughty that we deserve to be in backend ALL the time! 
Why is it every time I'm around someone they suck the joy right out of me 
I am in pain  Who knew exercise sucks a** big time!
so many things to do today, like tanning and study at the same time all while doing my washing  impossible!
Is watchin jersey girl...first time watching it...bawlin my eyes out 
#ihate being stuck in a close space for long periods of time with ppl who have rank breath or poor hygene 
I sent a gazillion emails today, but only two got answered  (Unfortunately it was the two that were least time-sensitive)
it's morning n it's time....  i hate this feeling...
@kickit_oldskool I'm a devoted reader of your stories--I've been busy, no time to review.  --, i was wondering: when's your new one?
looks like #ignitephx is turning out to be a great event...too bad I missed it this time 
http://twitpic.com/7l8gc - It might be time to retire my signing hat 
I feel so old, cause its time for me to go to bed 
my boyfriend is too busyy all the time 
@Complexity_ yes  LOL just cause it's so early LOL what time?
@ChuckNerd you don't have to make it a point to go but if you get the chance, then go. It's crazy busy all the time though. 
just closed my Linksmanager acct - no time for the process, therefore no activity - 
Each time i saw a group of bikers, i remember how much he would love to be on it 
*sigh* I guess its time to cut my nails. I can't type anymore. 
@kannanball It sucks, but it's probably true. With time, you may see that he was no longer a friend at all. This happened to me. 
I have a great job at the radio station but it's time to move on. 
I wish the time machine was just a bit more powerful.  
@katieltetzloff don't tell me that after all the time we spent searching you don't like it now...   at least i found nice pants
if there was something that could go wrong today it sure did. baddddddd daayyyyy; didnt even have time to catch up with friends  boo.
@loveinice i wish wooyoung was given a chance to take it off 
not feeling very well.  feeling sick big time.
@StudiodiMare  nothing yet.  but my fingers are still crossed and I'm taking it ONE day at a time!
@dinno and I'm going to offline for long time  hope i will have GPRS connection in my village so that i can tweet
I'm in iHop and the food sucks big time 
@EazyDuzI7 I'm sorry! I couldn't get my student loan in time. 
@GetLowTaylor yesssss. consuming one mind at a time! i miss you brah 
Editing @omgcast new episode. I have no time to do this anymore!  who wants to be payed a dollar an episode to edit!
@MickSwaggerDDC  i miss studio time... well free studio time! lol i gotta get back to school!
@erinhuggins peeps helping me with drops tell me it takes time..can takes MONTHS bc of my level of fatigue 
@LAFYgrapevine there were also music and commercial breaks that took up a lot of time.  thanks for trying !
@lessallan guilty on the not had time to update our website  Its true
@tazzystar  i just woke up from a nap... don't think i'll make the fantastic and free @MayerHawthorne show tonight  --have a great time!
Eating half of a gala apple.  The other half goes to @vansunder.  The batch that I picked out this time are all bruised.  Bad picking!  
@shahidkapoor why its getting delayed, each time? 
wasting some time and avoiding real life at the moment, sick of school work and still have more too do 
@SAvizi ahhh your lucky...i wish i had some free time...i dont have time for nothing...haha 
I am spending potential quality reading time ironing wax out of my carpet  this is not my night
@officialTila i missed the chat  are you gonna go live again?  can you maybe make a time where you go live all the time?
I was so hoping 3.0 would have dropped while I was sleeping. But no it seems we all get it at the same time 
@MichelleHamstra how did i totally not get that? anyways...that bulletin board. it always gives me a hard time! 
@amarachiatmac ahn solar kikcked me out by the time i came back the course was full for both terms 
@cintothemoon soooo... sold out? so sad  i would pay for you both, but i dont get any money til the fifth  maybe some other time?
@ness_71 nick takes more time than I do to get ready :p I've got an appointment booked on sat now so I can survive when I retire 
I'm here, got here pretty much on time, just not had the energy to go online until now. It's not free either 
Just left mollys. Now time to go home and finally relax...still not feeling good 
@eambroise88 I don't understand y @babyredd310 be fight wit me all the time!!  lol
@BestEverCreated maaan remember that jumpers knee i had welp shit aint improvin i got a july 1 deadline or surgery time 
It's such a bummer that the only time I really get to tweet is when everyone is in bed 
Sitting here... so confused.. so so confused.. too many choices, time to make big decisions 
Finally bed time. If I can sleep haha its so hot here, and the fan is making me motion sick 
hasn't had time for the net I NEED my blackberry back I miss it 
@mapletears well maybe next time I guess I had you entered in 5 wet T-shirt contest on the way that's how we were going to make money 
I appear to have hit a plateau on the road to better health. No change since this time yesterday. 
No time for the sauna 
@_EpicFail awww  did you ask about coming back here another time or anything?
@ajulya yes! just call me! I will be there any time. (and by any time, I mean after 2 lol, work ew  ). so glad you're home!!!!!!!
wow there are some confused birds near my window...do they not know what time it is!!! 
Yay cant wait!! But sad at the same time! 
no-ones on so ill go off and use this time to study 
I came to the realization the exact amount of quality time I get to spend with my husband each week equals 4-6 hours on average  #fb
@mallorydanger ...was behind me and he was snuffing his nose the whole time and it totally ruined the movie for me 
had a 2-hr lunch with twinnie!  glad to see her again! feel like i still have lots to talk about but time ran out on me  ...as always 
@OtakuRizu ugh, I know how that is, I had a full time and a part time job &gt;.&lt; now I has nossing 
@PassThePurple i know the pain...and i dont have the time to re-read everything today 
is off shopping today  should be lookin for outfit for the wedding but just no time or money 
played the rockfabrik ludwigsburg Yesterday. nice club. queensryche played the same town same time. unlucky circumstance for us. 
@zartherbes oh, you see the pet shop boys? damn they didn't come to hamburg and i got no time for traveling to berlin  
all the snakes are gone  now it's time for stir fry
@KatrinaWoodrow2 Last time I went I was knocked off by some professional cyclists whizzing past..I ended up in a patch of nettles.. 
@redditgirl your links don't have any confirmation of the 3.0 release time 
i don't think i will ever be able to manage diff time zones error free 
So much new ideas,but no time to realize what i'm thinking 
@sexysenorita It upsets me when people take pics of them on holiday they deserve time off from the press  but they never seemt o get it
Taking dog for a run...since it'll be raining during our normal walk time 
This is not the time to get sick jam 
@roelsn   We made such an effort to delivery quality on time...
bed time i guess. what else is there to do? -.- my brain is confused.  anger just seems to be the best solution to everything lately.
! @auntnancis @donbarnes You guys have a lot of free time. I want a hobbit name 
waiting . to get the virus from my brothers  i have finals its not the right time . heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllllllllllllllllpp?
Ah.. now I get it! It seems that Jimojo &quot;automatically&quot; kicks me off after a time. I didn't pay $65 for a haphazard connection. 
it gets sadder every time 
@Cleveisback me too  let's hope things go well, unlike last time when I was left without a phone for 4 days 
has said goodbye to his faithful car for the last time 
think its time for docs 
has got her self in a mighty mess and is hence very unhappy at this moment in time 
i cannot sleep for anything right now. slept from 9:30-10, 10:45-2:20, then until 2:35, then until 4. time is going by so slowly 
@crackbarbie I've been removing my dancing bear tattoos for a few years.takes a long time 
@solipsis My internet time is much shorter these days. It's my turn to be lax 
Psyched to get website finished, even though there isn't much left to do before it's finished but what i need to do takes a bit of time 
sigh 3 hour time difference = no sleep 
Customer was dilly dallying 4 a bit but they have finally put pen to paper and signed the contract. The delay means we have little time 
moving out of 440 east 23rd. my, how time flies. 
@HelloNurse20 lol... sorry, i was excited. and i don't have time to get either of those 
no time to tweet... just too many things going onn 
@alabamawhirly I think it's not planning that's the problem!  Some of it's fun though just feeling stressed about lacking 'family' time 
What a horrible time to be woken up in that dream. Things were just getting good. 
@segoox2 dang. my friends used it one time and they got thru. our schools firewall or whatever has been updated so it doesnt work anymore 
@vivmondo Haha, it did not feel like a win at the time. We had to quarantine a huge part of the house. Could hear them under the floor. 
@adun50 , why do you want to stay awake so much ? How i wish i have loads of sleeping time 
@mtrh I can't get one man, let alone loads at the same time 
dad look at me, think back and talk to me, do u think i'm wasting my time?.. it hurts when u disapprove all along.. 
somethings wrong with my computer/it keeps losing time/it says 8:17am/help! + waking up at 8:48 isnt the way to get to work on time at 9  
Just got back from a 15 mile run, now time to relax in this big lonely house of mine 
jury duty time 
Where is the sun???? It barley comes out anymore   It summer time its suppose to be out all the time!!!!
needs to study.. time 4 coffee and motivation... 
Would love to work out what time of day is most effective for click throughs from our readers on various topics, but dont have the time! 
@BoyceAvenue really? that's so cool. I'll go buy one immediately, hope you guys come back here.missed it the last time and regretted it. 
@SweetBullshit try pressing and holding the button on the top. Mines powers down all the time an I think its broke 
getting materials ready for a mtg this afternoon...wish I took the time to write down more things - my memory is failing me 
The sun finally comes out just in time for graduation rehearsal. Just our luck! I'm going to melt 
@how_kate_rolls wish I could hire you full time 
exam was hard  pasta time
eyes are hurting from all the lunch time madness 
time for some midnight grocery shopping as my fridge is empty and I am starving... haven't eat properly in more than 36h 
@j_vega so wanted to, but I wouldn't make it on time.  so we got @iruntheafternoons out there!
Wittnessed this today  sucks some old guy with slow reaction time  http://yfrog.com/eihcksj
In traffic  hope I get to work on time!
y does there need to be a time difference all over the world  ? it is pointless 
has realised she doesnt have much time for internets now shes back at sixth form 
My broadband is broken!  Spending a lot of time watching pages load on a dial up connection 
@CMStevens I will give that a whirl! every time I try to take away redness I get green. 
relax-ing time is up,LOL just woke up,can i sleep again? 
@azaldua not so good then  where do you find the time to watch so many films?
@jackytfu Simply badass yet a waste at the very same time 
@jennysunphoto too bad you couldn't join  nevermind, there's always a next time! get well soon and get plenty of rest =D
Finals, grading hell, and time to say goodbye to my students 
It's time to catch up on thank you notes 
...the bad times and enjoyed the good ones but now it seems to be a bad time more than it's good. I used to love that place 
scratch that- this ridiculous cough has taken over   time for some rest instead...
argh. can't make my maintenance contract move.  really need to spend time doing this.
Off to coach bball! maybe for the my last game in a long time.. 
The last time i wore these shoes i was standing in the desert 
I haven't felt this sick in a loooong time 
@Sweetnote where are you live? I was there then you left by the time i got my headphones, etc 
@butterflys_dust don't have enough time to shower, eat or get dressed if I don't. 
@PatriciaMoore I'm sure you remember my reaction from the last time... I'm not really sure I want to do that again. 
They got a new rule to where only one person can leave at a time,so i have to eat lunch all alone 
@AdamDeAloe my poor friend.... hope you are able to rest and take some time for yourself. what a sad day....  
almost time to go home - tired.  lets do something tonight!
@geektreschic aw, I LOVE that movie! One of my all-time favorites. Now I want to watch it again. 
@iLLsitonit654 did u get my text?? I can't go  I won't make it on time someone is coming in....
@leeturner ...and didn't get time to add any shortening code myself yet, no 
@SarahJacqueline I ask myself the same thing all the time. 
is pissy I have no time for play  http://myloc.me/4c1n
theory failed. it took about the same amount of time! damn 
@ComcastBonnie well every time power is out the cable is out    I am a sad warm panda
all live, time - work, when time for love, friends meeting party or hreat hardcore concerts 
all live, time - work, when time for love, friends meeting party or great hardcore concerts 
My face is a barometer, every time it rains it makes my sinuses hurt 
Nothing to do this time 
@BlazinGwen97 .... so as you can imagine I have lots of homework and no time to do it...  ... And how've you been??
got in another wreck...  but it wasn't my fault this time.
the pre really isn't good for podcasts unfortunately, i don't want to start at the beginning each time, and i want aac chapters  @palm? ;)
@sezarera just imagine working full time on st. kilda road 
we made a human pyramid again... only this time they left me out... 
I keep feeling exhausted and i don't even know why.I think its time to visit my doctor to fix me 
Almost done re-designing my new website! But I'm tired of looking at my screen...break time!!  
on my way to eat w/ the gooines for the last time! 
@jianweii how's your revision coming along? i am so dead. don't think i have enough time to complete everything 
Taking a cab to skl... Its the first time 
@jeremylenzo awhhh  i will be attending warped tour for the first time this year.. is it crazy? ive heard its crazy!
time to sleep, my legs killllll 
after a long time... i'm back.. my headset's broken  can't listen to radio properly..
@HunterNJadezMom: i would go but its too far for me n the kids. wont make it in time. 
@leonjc505 I hate that i can't cheer you guys up. I hope you 2 don't do the same thing. That would kill me big time. 
It's sad when your boyfriend has to work all the time... 
@ummgeri i wish my full time didnt hate me 
will soon give in .. has already half given-in ..  .. its just a matter of time .. :'(
@VegasMMAWarrior I miss training- wish I had the time, school takes up too much time 
 tummyache; bout time 2 exercise &amp; cut greasy foods; time 2 figure out what 2 do bout wrk hrs; im getting ready the ride of a lifetime. &lt;3
now the sky could be blue I don't mind without you it's a waste of time 
@723 about time! i never got to see the snake. 
butt hurts from falling. and is getting stressed about plans and fitting everything in without running out of time this summer 
@coralfish yes it is our time is rather limited at the moment  but we're all about pot leaf pasties
At the doctor again for my toe since in didn't get better the first time 
@monchalee No crazy diets; exercise is much better. But more time consuming. 
@jrdnftw i rejected you alongggg time ago. so i guess it is karma 
@warrendunlop drinks before you go? i'll probably be in T.O. by the time you return 
laundry time 
@erik_c there was also a multiple choice section and T/F questions. It was a lot of code in a short time.  I didn't have time to validate 
@brigwyn No time for gaming for you 
I've so many thing to do but so little time 
@MsEDU LOL!! I love high heels but sadly have never worn unless in weddings.  A shorty like me should wear them all the time. Lol
@DuckyPorkchop ouch!  i had a 32$ hamburger one time.... it wasn't very good either.
i want to watch some movie, please give me time!!! 
UUuuuuh @FashunFierce is drainin me...crackin jokes at such a serious time....hmmmmph 
@myfabolouslife happens 2 my stupid blackberry all the time 
I went to bebe, arden b, macys bcbg, nordstroms, and cavalli left empty handed..  no dress up pursebuzz for imats this time 
Cleaning the heck out of my place right now...it's the only time I have to clean since I'm so busy. 
@visualcheer Reminds me of myself. I've been super-psyched for a long time... but I'm just seriously disappointed 
@JessicaVickery I don't have time to be bored.  It's all go from here.
On my way to work... the one thing I have to do... stop wasting my time - it's tough decision!  But I have to do it...
i cant believe im graduating, life goes by way too quickly. from barney and nap time to lucky charms, i truly miss those days  grad nite!
its beddy bye time 
Thinks it's time for me to go to sleep..SUPAHH DUPAHH TIREDDD 
serioulsy feels like the last time I loked at the clock was 100 hours ago...but sadly it was only 20 mins 
3Kbps... remaining time unknow... 
I swear IT has me stressing fucktons. I dunno whether I can debug my website in time. Insurance and payment has me a thousand short 
Another one bites the dust...for the 30th time!  
I made all my things private...now its time to change my number 
So many ideas, so little time 
Wow..i guess it's time to get over that dream! 
So many things to do so little time 
usually packing gets me excited...this time not so much 
@MsiCandiSexyIAM wtf...u go to bed w/o letting me out of time out? talk about cruel 
i stopped working so much so i could spend time withthe kids and those i care about but nobody has time for me 
It's that time of year when we miss our dads the most  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40K5bmCMZQ0
@iamMohiTheMan  what about..... tick each second like a clock and remember the time, then you are a walking clock
Car needs a new starter  had to be the same time that road tax is due, isn't it?
So much music, so little time  #rf09
@KelseyRaymer and now there will be a stupid time difference as well! 
@reelhimin morning sweets!! oh the girls want to travel...no time, no money 
only 2more hours then home time, traffic,  but atleast its home time, yeah.....
@Bridget_CooKs You know, when you flood with quotes in a very short time, I find that rather annoying 
tidy up time 
i m not even gonna see 4minute's debut in time 
@SandiMon they turned the stream off  .. too expensive on data plan.  They were all having an awesome time.  I want to be there 
awake... in bed holding love a lot bear. just not working this time. your so far away  its so sad
My brain is throbbing with ideas, I want to do so much but time is against me....whenever I look at the clock....hours passed unnoticed. 
enough naughtyness time to be good and eat salad!!! 
@annejulieart such a shame you have to spend time and energy chasing these rippers and copycats 
Hungover, had a great time at union last night though, feel rather ill now 
Waiting for train is getting more and more boring with time... 
weighing if she should accept a complicated, yet very lucrative, sideline. -I'm not sure I have the time to spare for an additional load 
@samanthablews haha mine does all the time  niiight xx
Repos update always takes time when you are in hurry.. 
This time, I definitely need new shoes. Seriously. They don't stay on very well anymore. 
@nikibrownie I miss you niki joon! The situation in iran is crazy  time for another enghelob!
why has noone packaged acpi-eeepc-generic for #opensuse yet? i dont have time to do it 
I don't remember the last time I was this sick 
Hates moving and assessments, especially at the same time 
In my attempt to see how late I can sleep and make it to work I realized I'll always fail as no one expects me to show up at a set time 
Why does time pass by so fast? 
Wants more time 
@jennyjenanders well she was crackin up til I just put her in high chair for snack time 
@_joy We're sitting... for a long time lol... I wish my twitpics would go thru 
going for a cup of coffea or I'll be sleeping in no time 
loading up the car, running a few last minute errands, spending some quality time with my bfs, before leaving radddd 
@Wyldceltic1  last 3 shots every time I gave them to myself I bled a little drop and it hurt.
WTF its over!?!?!? I must be very late catching the show  while it's very important for first-time voter like me
@linz91 i dont even know what time the chat is but i have a feeling i wont be home to see it either 
This day has been complete waste of time. Also the mood isn't so great either. It just sucks if anything doesn't go the way I planned.. 
@UndressJess they need a clapper thing, i lose mine all the time  
@saraparker video project? cool! hope i can free up some time .. uber-busy 
hungry all the time 
i will stop twitting 'bout him! hmp! swear! waste of time 
I dreamt that I  had two ticks on my back, and @erisofdiscordia had a hard time removing htem. Then @MPBOnline did a show on ticks today. 
It' s time to say goodbye 
I am upset with myself for not dragging my butt out of bed the first time my alarm went off, it never went off again 
@SomersetBob If I could manage a couple of episodes I'm sure I'd get over it, but every time I even see a trailer it makes me cringe 
time to finalize packing 
@lostson which is very sad  #geek time
One hour in and the dog has puked, hope this is a one time thing. Just realized I brought him food but no dishes 
Again i had the toughest time getting out of bed this morn  i need some serious rest.
@DHSmostwanted I do the shameless plug all the time...hasn't worked. 
No more fries left  Mcflurry time!
@peterfacinelli I think your counter is still off..every time I visit the numbers keep fluctuating 
@NickkkJonasss    sad ush!!1 i come later so nick if u have a time can reply one a little hi for me please!!! take care!!!XD
@HeathBar6 I know   It's my fault that I arrived late ... but I had a great time anyway. Definitely looking forward to next week
@22white15black  i need music time....i'm going thru drama 
@Croakx shoping time! 
shit. overslept my nap! still have time to make it to class on time...without homework done though 
Thinking about so much. Stressed. I need a break, something new &amp; fun. I feel like I'm stuck, yet lost at the same time. 
@soulxxxplicit girl you know its draft time on the 25th so my sports shit is bananas around that time.  I wish I could tho.
@mynameismoe that is one of the most horrible things i've heard in a long time... 
I'll need it if Doonsey's gone by the time I get home. 
@sportycarrie so so jealous  sounds like your having a great time!
@purplebeats hmhm- am going through a lean period. So I just don't have the time nor the inspiration 2 change my platform. 
@xEllieYo the process is how its made isn't it? I put vaccum forming haha, we get the same questions, i failed, it was soo hard this time 
@yorkshirecoast It must have been hard for RamblingJax to go away at such a time. And harder for you too! 
i dont really feel well...  i hope it goes away by the time i get to whitneys!
@thickassviola  You get a pass from me this time.
whoops, as soon as I tooted, got the black screen. here we go fun time! 
having a hard time ignoring my legs.. should I just go to sleep? 
@kiffylee Thanks hun, I will try my hardest to write more but finding the time is often so tough 
Going to the gym real quick to get me a health drink time to start giving up this fast food 
Is thinkin he needs a mirical or he is going to miss out big time 
I'm a big dreamer and that's not really good all the time...  it makes me sad sometimes...
Due to a time crunch i didnt get to fly  hopefully mondayyy.
just found out my bank was slow on getting the commitment letter to seller's agent, so now I may get penalized if I don't close in time 
@markjreuter @ekolsky @mjayliebs i like the evolutionary approach but gets too serious and might suck our time!  #scrmbk
the late late shift is really relaly boring..  time drags so slowly
aww my brother just made me dinner... i wish i could cook every time i try it just doesn't taste right 
amazed at how much time I spent smoking, its going to be an even bigger challenge than before finding things to do 
... guess I lost my VModa during my trip  hope they'll show up some time soon #MissingGoodEarBuds
@Adriennevh have a good time. Couldn't have met you if I wanted to...recuperating from food poisoning. 
all the time i thought &quot;is it faked,or is it real?&quot;  i thought it was just a fake,a game... and  that what i thought was real.... 
@annyo84 I ask myself that all that time! The good ones seem to always be taken. 
Spending time with the girls minus one  http://twitpic.com/7q0mw
@sfannah  At least you had a fun time :-P
nap time has come to an end 
okay. it's time. I'm going...  pleaseee let there be a space available...
Missed out of tea time 
@danoliver I'd love to blag #motogp tickets for donington... running out of time and not looking likely though 
sorry i haven't tweeted in a long time my computer was broken 
just watched A walk to remember other time..this film makes me cry 
@jakemanitz sooo...I guess I won't see/talk to you until the next time we're together :/ god this sucks 
Really, I don't have time for this anymore... 
Just got back from the youth group where I now volunteer, had a great time! I did break my shoe though 
I have so, so many ideas for new knit designs percolating in my head but, sadly, so little time to play with them .... 
At work taking a break, looking at my time card and realizing how small it looks 
study time, grrr. math is raping me in the butt!  hopefully i pass, then its summer time!
@Kaseyannt that is not a break at all...  when you have free time let me know and we should grab lunch.
oh another day without winning  #squarespace time to give me something nice...
@lyssasmommy but why is it reopened again when everything checked out last year. Its just weird its happening @ the same time yano? 
@horrorhannah I have ordered your pressie but it might not be here in time   are you doing anything yet?
up at this weird time, feeling feverish 
time to go to bed now.... it doesnt look good for peter  i wanted to win the chair so badly   good night
the pool was fun, but now its time for more homework 
@gocarmengo never! me too! Long time no see 
@faderhead WOW! that sucks big time! o.O feel so sorry for you 
i didnt realise how awesome steel panther are haha i wish they had of been on a different time at download 
aah just missed the opportunity to go to the cinemas cause i couldnt get ready in time 
Last time on the mind eraser then we're leaving 
@extrordinary i know im wearin shorts for like the first time in a year! i have to be at work later though 
is having a hard time coping with her boyfriend going away to college.. 
@raymuzic.. HE shall hid me!! LOL! I did hide out but, my phone was blowin up the whole time..not a good nap! 
Never understood why avg wait time in a doctors office is 45 mins - I'm past that now 
@jordanknight I wish I could a cruise next time but I won't be able 2.  money sucks 2 bad. 
time for housework 
I hate it when I dont get my own way....time to pout 
heading up to my apartment one last time to move things out 
@djwhatt well I type for a living and its driving me nuts  I headed towards a more creative profession but its taking time..
it was jus a matter of time before one of my kitties chewed broke my skullcandies 
Playing makes time fly though... and it's time to babysit  (need the extra money!)
@JillMac78 I can hear 107.1 out hear and it does seem they play the same songs all the time  Not cool.
@SkinnySam ...grammar mistake first time round.  I tried to delete it. I obviously failed.
Just came back from softball...well no game ....because only 3 people showed  maybe next time!
not sure I'll have time to run today.  bummer.    maybe i can squeeze out a few minutes on the treadmill...we'll see.
Is thinking it's time to take the hint.. I got it 
@exoticmaya srry we're already gone  I got u nxt time boo
took far longer than it should have... the next bag will take less time.. the light from my machine puts out so much heat! 
@DjDavidVargas i really do miss it  this is the first time i havent come !!! if i would have know about the parade, i woulda come!
I am freaken bored because for the first time ever .. I'm not getting any texts 
@GayleTrent Not yet, it's been a real struggle satisfying everyone and doing the household at the same time  The shop is crazy busy as wel
why does larry king have to be on the same time as sytycd?  what to watccccch?
I lost my temper so badly with the kids I had to give myself a time-out.  
@traceymallett that's why i'm so much bigger the 3rd time around. I never get the chance to stop breastfeeding &amp; it's added up!  #bookieb
ugg  well time to work on my homework glad the weekend is almost here so i can find some trouble to get into
i wish my boyfriend didn't have so much work to do all the time 
The one time I want honey roasted peanuts, the guy isn't there. 
@Senfaye aw, that sucks  i used to get ear infections all the time.
She has a hard time with headsets. 
I hate when @nattinklesonu is sleepy... so basically, I'm full of hate all the time! 
@KBooogie whenever u have time for me, which is never 
I didn't get to spend quality time with my future ex husband and that makes me sooo sad. 
@buckhollywood total sadness that im not in the main room! total different continent its 3 in the morning and i never get there in time 
@pmlinton guess we don't have to deal w/it any time soon... rain delay 
@theJORDAN808 house season 3+antibiotics+sampling vicodin for the first time=owww 
Is starving...research didn't end till 630 so no time for dinner 
I've brought the wrong pair of shoes to jakarta  time to shop? :p
it's hard to find a good guy today  i really believe that i'll be single for a long long time
@TheEastWestKids i know their marriage was crumbling, but i thought they'd spend more time trying to work it out before calling it quits. 
Why r we feeling the long-distance strain so much this time when we've never had such a short drive between us?  I miss my precious beau.
@MzOSU naw...  still no word! *salty / sad* but it's coo. You're here. lmao. Are you zoomin to punch in on time yet? Or you workin yet?lol
had first photo shoot under a time restraint and did horribly 
I feel like i should be wearing this helmet full-time 
@corryzahn hold the sleep button and the home button at the same time. I'm not eligible for an upgrade until 2010. 
Just hugged my grandpa for maybe the last time  i need a prayer squad.
@sexaybeast thanks. good to know. it's a catch -22..do I want another entity seeing my receipts? but i dont have time for them 
owww... i just got up to answer the phone and my feet feel really bad, time to invest in a pair of walking shoes 
@lanative_net I have no idea what time you left. 
@ozdj - I wont be there tonight..  hence I am allowed the chips and gravy! but has a good time!
@jaymzdj haha it's only a matter of time. I feel guilty though. 
it is friggn freeezing! I swear winter wants to dominate us. but please cold, make time for the sun. 
It could be me, that's changing / And so may, we make time / To try and find somebody else / Who has a line... 
Psyching myself up to go get attacked by the nesting seagulls.. I'm definatley taking an umbrella this time, don't want to get scalped 
where are all the good guys at? ahh. well had fun with devon today- i'm so glad i got to spend time with him b/c he works all the time 
@feelfreetobeme i don't have sims 3!  i didn't get it yet cuz i know i'll just waste away in front of it &amp; now's not the time. try it!
back in corpus with an empty wallet  ... time to make some more!!!
well this is around the 3rd time i call freddy and no answer....i feel rejected.... 
party time!!!! oh wait i have no parties to go too damn i really have no life screw me!!!! 
my mind is on west coast time right now and I need to go to bed.  It's 1am my time yet I'm wide awake 
To top it off, my load isn't even ready, so now I get to race the clock to get there on time. How the *honk* did this happen? 
getting ready for school, hope to have time to reread my history, i think reading everything only once isn't good enough for the test.. 
@chanezon Your time top ten list requires authorisation 
it's time to try anything to be with you all my live i've waited this is true.. 
I so wish I had more money. The pub was quite nice at lunch-time 
i have 2 other subjects i have to study for.... *headdesk and freaks out* I dont have time, a printer, or the sanity to do this..... 
I'm dreading the time that I would be too tired to understand people and circumstances. 
you're nice &amp;everything but , i think it's time to forget it . i'm sorry . 
@peterfacinelli pmsl...still a little time left. What are your thoughts now on this bet? Not good about phone and ticket 
i think i wil not be able to maintain my gpa this time lets hope i will 
i overslept! missed the shuttle service... have no choice but to commute big time! 
I hate being up at regular school time!!! There is a high chance I will fall asleep in double history first! 
Morning everyone.  Almost time for that thing they call work again 
Should not be awake at this time of the morning, nevermind on a train already 
I am here for the moment and think that I am going insane from all the time off work 
Forcing myself to watch bravo to influence me to get my sew on! 50 projects to finish, but so little time  maybe next time ill save ti ...
Sneezing and coughing at the same time hurts super bad! 
Why must I wake up at this time, on one of my only lie-ins? 
nearly time for coffee one, then can battle through the emails 
@briandavidz next time i'm there, july... but it will be sombre. had a relapse when the girls were here 
Wow I had a hard time sleeping tonight  hopefully a cold shower wakes me up
@laorg maps, yes maps! Not a big gamer, no time  only majong ^^
headed for bangalore to do training. Too much traveling. To little time with family 
Now it's 4.45, and my wish didn't come trueeee.  4.44, you have failed me as a time to wish for things.
mehhh, last time washing my nice long hair before it all gets chopped later 
@melody i feel like i haven't talked to u for a long time!!! 
i hope my angel feels better  and im so sorry u have to go thru all this all the time  soon everything will be better ! i love you
@jewels919 my time too  i take aspro clear...that works.
I'm scared for the visa delays. I hope I'll have everything in time! I'd hate it if I had to cance because of that. 
feels hot and cold at the same time. 
is feeling a little bit lonely this morning   Happens from time to time in this ole business !
going out out for the first time in months. excited! too bad i'm sick  also, &quot;davy&quot; by coconut records is a great album
@bennuk @amykate The last time I moved I got a cardboard-cut. It was like a paper-cut, only MUCH worse 
Just woke up for some reason I keep sleeping in   gym time !!!
@thejunebug wasting time cleaning virii. I have to do that too tomorrow 
I really dislike exam time    *sigh*
@munford1 sorry i miss kitty play time 
Getting used to power cuts  and learning about unlimited liabilities at the same time can be tough!!
Off to va beach to get my tattoo finished... But without my honey @zombiecaptnhook...   first time without him.
force-learning at the moment, too much to comprehend with too little time 
@MrsGibby15 she eats just a few pieces of food at a time &amp; is starting to drink water again. I'll update when we get back from the vet. 
drive time   get my license in july though! 
Running late and wondering what time this train takes off. 
@SpencerBrownKU - complications with my car  I'm callin you next time haha
Just about to start working again. I hate when lunch time finishes 
I really really miss not having nuf time 4 conversations w my #gfree tweeps. Haven't had any time at all 4 kitchen chemistry.. 
Up too early... getting used to the time change... no more 11:00 wake up 
is getting a bit tired of this shit and thinking it might be time to move on... ahhh 6 years is a long time to waste 
@pneedleman  RUDE. i'm eating your toaster streudels next time then.
did not feel the effects of her hayfever tabs today and feels really terrible  nap time
Isn't this fun  Now every time I key the number they ask for, I get told, you haven't made a selection #telkom #brandminus
@DonnaAmos btw... I know I didn't email those dates... having trouble finding a good time for the class 
@beniboo That sucks big time 
Dammit! I thought it was home-time. One whole hour to go. 
time to get ready for my meeting. bleh. 
just played video games with my brother and he beats me every time 
@SarahBeth81 gee,  I hate that I have to miss em' this time around 
time to shower...this weather is making it impossible to look/feel good. 
I feel so hot!! time for taking a shower... 
@ChickwithBooks Thanks!  I do enjoy reading short stories.  I just rarely make time for them.  
Seriously , it's time for me to tidy the studio  http://twitpic.com/7szdz
too many concerts to go to  i  can only pick a couple. so far im thinking warped tour and all time low
 the final blow hits you, somebody else gets what you wanted again you know its all the same, another time and place, repeating history
when Brian gets done pooping, we're going to the beach for the last time... 
Holy god a bunch of football campers are eating the same time as us... They are all sweaty and terrifying 
i feel really rather ill, shame really i dont have time for a nap 
That's embarresing. The e-mail on boundmuse.com has been bad for unknown length of time. It's fixed now, but no idea how much was lost. 
I'm completely wiped out today - time for lunch.  Skipping #ff because I don't have time and don't want to leave anyone out.  
@LiliMayBaby that's ridiculous! waste of time makes you wonder why we bother getting the police involved 
But others, maybe cant. so how are we gonna be rdy for 10mins all tgt?! If one is not in time, all also kena the punishment. 
it is boring at the time now nobody who I can is here!!!!  
@lyss1223 I'm sorry it doesn't sound like you had a very good time of things 
Why can no one cover my shift?!? I cover ppls shifts all the time!! This sucks 
Ugh do I really have 2 let my baby go 4 the weekend? I'm nervous, anxious, scared, excited, &amp; lost all @ the same time. Missn her already 
@DiscoStarChild wat time cause i work at 5 
@tiajuanabible &lt;333 i will let you know when i am a grownup! i still feel like i am 10 most of the time 
Our new dream home has biggg problems    .....time to backout and start shopping again !!!
Something bit my forehead in my sleep  just in time for weekend, how sweet of them.
@codeartisan not really exiting competely out and then reentering the app did. I don't want to have to do that every time 
@automaticjoy last time i went bowling they kicked us all out of the bowling alley 
i knew it was too good to be true  kid is up... snack time for him then more playing... at least i get to leave at 4:30 today!!!
@GoNorthWest unfortunately, i can't go check it any time soon in present position 
I don't feel good at all..but decided to go take the puppy for a walkk..then cleaning time. 
@CathrynR  I keep crying every time I see the exchange rate go up! It's supposed to go down dammit!!! 
time to sell my kiteboarding gear... 
@PicadorUSA I did, and it just killed me that something came up and dragged me out of the house at the exactly wrong time! 
Seems like time is running so slowly all of a sudden 
in a bad mood now  ah, why can't we humans just be happy all the time??
Deadlines are a must ... else I would have never ever achieved anything in time ..... but they take their own toll too 
@missryss idk its some charity thing or somthing like that. I teied to do it one time but it didn't work 
I think that i felt in love with...you dont know me but i know you. you are all the time in my mind... I LOVE YOU.. you are so far away 
time to cut the grass. 
everything is annoying me ... the weather, the time, my teeth ... plus no cable tv at the moment ...  ...
@ellaaLOVE i know how are you feeling. this happens to me all the time! 
is going to scrapbook for a long time... wanting to have that ipod touch by now   but the person won't respond.
Every time I tweet at a high frequency I get about 10 strippers immediately following me 
Wondering if I have enough time to play a little P vs Z (I'm hep now) before our next interview...probably not! 
wishing i'd went to the cambel after all  a nice bit of a party would be good this time
lost the blood drive time competition and my arm is so sore 
@dulcecandy87 she died a long time ago. I was like all obsessed with the power rangers as a kid and was super sad when she died. 
i guess i better go do some cleaning... my little cousins are coming out to watch me play soccer... last time ill seem them until august 
@Shibudhakal jk... but it did waste quite a bit of my time 
feels sorry about not having twitted for a long time, and starts to miss what she still didnt lose 
So tempted to sign up for cliche_bingo, but I doubt I'd have the time. 
@jessmize I figured there was a going away party for you today  I have something for you. Some time email me your address &amp; I will mail it
time to plan our summer schedule with our college age kids... time to start reading bks on the empty nest, it seems to be more real now. 
Wasnt able to wake up on time. I hate timezone diffs. 
My worst nightmare actually... I'm so sorry to everyone who came to the show!!! I'll do better next time!!!!  
busted the first table of the 4 K  to weak/tight fish that hits the board most of the time..shit happens
Oh nuts again, almost forgot: #squarespace .com still compells me, tho I've no time to play w/ the trial. 
@deviant316 too bad I don't have more time tonight. 
*cries* why can't i ever have enough time to eat or relax?  i barely have enough time to sleep . i'm getting depressed 
*cries* why can't i ever have enough time to eat or relax? i barely have enough time to sleep . i'm getting depressed  bedtime i guess
@mellalicious no  they just fade !! I did tell my colourist that next time I have 4 wks leave I am going fairyfloss pink !
@JohnJamesRyan awww boo I have work way early tomorrow. By the time I got there I'd have to leave  next time!
@divinebubbles ouch, that sucks big time 
@megs76 thanks love!  I lost a best friend over the winter, and it was my first time being back on the lake that took him.  
I've gotten the hiccups every single time I've had something to eat today. 
@jayhawkbabe  #140conf I am glad you took the time say this but kind of astonished that you should have to   WTF.
I cried my heart out while saying goodbye to all my friends for the last time today, it was horrible, so saaaaaad 
@DonnieWahlberg waiting for some face time outside backstage!!! 
i got internet for a few mins. but now its boarding time. no 1 chatted w/ me  poo on u! LOL
@crazy_court I'm having my period or the first time! What do I do!? 
@billguinee yes I will be posting it I just haven't have time 
@IrishLad585 lol i think twitter is out to get me.  it's not cool being sent to jail all the time. 
wow. i've havent felt so friend-less in a longggg time 
PERFECT its already morning &amp; its sunny didn't sleep yet lost track of time while editing 
Most depressing thing I've read in a long time  http://bit.ly/qJk0N
My sisters get away with everything yet i cant get a few minutes of computer time. It's really not fair 
Just removed the navel jewelry for the very last time 
Why is it that every time I say i'm going to start eating better and lose weight, I eat something totally bad to screw it up? 
I feel like just going out and take a walk but look at the time 
and i really wish he'd stop making me feel guilty every time i put the cone on the dog because he needs even though he's uncomfortable 
i am just so sad all the time now  tay can u cheer me up
another family -hectic- time but now it against something 
@_Ambure_  I'm only letting go because holding onto it has been a waste of time. hope you figure things out.
my boyfriend never has any time for me  how sad is that .
@vibabyfair i so wish i could be ready for sept.  i can't get enough materials in to build stock to show at the fair in time  have to wait
got choked by two cousins at one time...feeling woozy 
just ran one mile for the first time in like 2 years.. and I already have shin splints..  owieee took some motrin layin down!
@22acaciaavenue awwwww nooooooooooo! that sucks  oh well maybe another time ;)
@yatsoon what time did u leave? I missed my last bus, too lazy 2 go back up so cabbed...  heart pain so ex plus I'm broke
Never a good time to hear someone passed away 
all celebrities should just take their time out of the day to read all of their twits like @souljaboytellem he dont even respond 
@_annee really? what time do you finish? lucky, i hate how we have like different school rules and times and stuff, it's so gay 
Gna take a shower.Yeayea I knw exactly wad time is it. I'm just feelin lazy and honestly intended to take a nap but I couldn't  gt no time
@sexidance But that's my fave past time 
my brain hurts. i need some alone time.  
@jamileeee people are living in it  &amp; they pay rent on time so we cant kick them out hahah
we cnt find any part-time jobs in dade county that dnt have to do w/ cocaine. 
bed time can't stay up feeling this bad ughhhh I never was the one to get sick this is jus flippin great 
@Paulaztnew I've been trying to learn that dance since the dawn of time, practically. I'm just too white. 
@SaifSiddiqui it is the time fairy, she hates grownups  LOL
@CTJL sorry i got a no from the manager...he said next time he can get you all in as long as its before midnight  sorry chris 
How do you explain to a client that there are no do-overs? That it needs to be right this first time? They're not getting IT! 
zzz time. Just wish my love could B nxt 2 me 
@natb13 - aw.   The end of uni is so hard. I cried when I left my house for the last time. *hugs*
Now doing caesaran sectio..! *sigh hopefully won't be 5 in a row this time.. #nasib asisten 
@RafaeliCecile no - I haven't gone the medicated route this time - even the nondrousy stuff knocks me for 6. i'll stick with swollen eyes 
errrrrrr sick  everything seems like such a good idea at the time
feeling sicker than i haev in a long time. ugh. was it something i ate? 
@iamjersey i cant believe you went on aim while i was sleeping D: fuck time zones! 
@peraldaiel yes, i know! *sigh* i dread our not having enough time to get-together. 
@shaundiviney have you ever been busted? The one time I didn't buy a ticket, there was transits, so I had to pretend to sleep 
found out that one of my good friends could be facing jail time  What a shock !!
tomorrow I see eden, someone I care so much about it's scary. I might nawt see dylan for a long time though.  I miss them both dearly.
@ZucchiniBikini There was really only one person I was hoping to hang out with for even just a short time tonight, but he's unavailable. 
time to complete my pathetic law homework &amp; hopefully a little of marketing assignments. in 30 mins time I'm leaving the house! 
no one called me 4 a long time. wonder what they're doing. having fun,i guess. 
Why do scary things happen to me all the time 
@jellyybeannn D: I can't keep it up  so do u have like any experience behind the wheel yet? The ram is a new model so I have hard time too
Pipol r pipol and sumtyms we change our minds,i hope its killing u 2 see me go after all this time 
has - once again - too many ideas and too little time. 
Missing my baby and wishing I would've had the time to talk to him earlier...now he's mad at me  Goddamit!! ((
I hate daylight saving time..all my shows are now all messed up 
By the time I've wrapped up the spitfire, I won't have any allowance left 
@annemariekropf I was unable to find it.   but was on time crunch.  How are you?
@tjaezors hoy, what time is yours tomoro? might be late 
The boring holidays, it feels the time has slowed down 
Also cleaning a rotary engine for a rebuild is time consuming and if you fuck up the slightest thing, all can be lost.  lame....
@JessieLynne - I'm pretty much there :/ Wheres the time machine? 
@crystalchappell I always miss you tweeting...time difference sucks 
@editorialgirl wish my car did that! I think it's cool. I arrive at someones house and turn the TV down all the time, starts arguments 
@mule0331 good to hear, I haven't had the time to upgrade 
@KendraGreatGurl girl I cld jus fall over!!  but I had a good time 
@innajunglestyle  a sad time indeed. They will be  selling cocktails next 
@innajunglestyle  a sad time indeed. They will be  selling cocktails next 
On bochy's spend my time with my time cause I'm gonna miss her, exactly I never want to move 
@tweetnotpurge1 how u my babes? long time 
men are so confusing, blowing hot and cold all the time, nothing is ever normal with em 
@AlwaysMiley yeah!it was actually awesome! i love her too..i had actually adopted a site on her once,about to start it, but i had no time 
@AlwaysMiley it was demi-l.org ... i adopted it, but didn't do anything with it lol i gave it up right away haha. i had no time at all 
every time i listen to black keys now it just makes me cry. it reminds me of so much 
Lions 19-7 down at half time  they need to sort their scrum and lineouts!!
@grinch87  alright next time we need some serious planning lol
@tylermear i know  that is no good but at least you get off at a semi decent time
that was a waste of my time (N) fail (N) 
I feel like I wasted time with someone and now that things are changing soon I am sad about it 
Just had yet another lunch out but this time with miss sammy, work later again 
everyone is now awake....but now it's time for enforced f1 qualifying and home improvement shows. 
@neyrashazeyra There'll be a time when you susah nak makan but after few weeks you'll get used to it. I had to stop eating chewing gum 
lollapalooza schedule is up! but all the bands i want to see are playing at the same time 
i feel sicky  time for some neti pot &amp; medicine action 911
@TeamTSwift TUT! your never online same time as me anymore 
had a greeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaattttttt time!!! the only regret is that i should have taken more pictures  damn!
I really think it's time the dog stopped barking now 
@MeredithPeltier our tee time is 930 I don't think so 
My motivation is at an all time zero today  if only I hadn't stayed up late....
So many great leaks lately and I won't have time to listen to any of it. 
No time for #bloggiesta until I get this deadline done 
@VeronicaRoc that happens to me all the time fresh 
I thought I'd have some time to work on some development projects this weekend. Now I have to mulch around my whole house to repel water. 
packing crunch time. augh, i really do hate packing. i just want everything to be done for me.  i should get a maid.
@DonnieWahlberg I miss you already   Have a blast on the rest of the tour &amp; I hope u get sum rest &amp; family time after!!!
time is passing by and I don't get anything done 
Downloading iTunes for the 3rd time - let's see if it works this time. 
@ashemischief As I keep learning, time &amp; time again, cheap faux leather shoes are just NOT worth it 9 times out of 10 
i am late for my part for marketing project report by 45 minutes  bad time usage
watchn power rangers and then swimming for last time..... 
I hate getting to a point in packing where you dont know what to do next.  Also running out of boxes sucks... time to go buy some 
@chrys73 evrything that i dont spend time w/she that i dont do anything that i dont care bout her that i spend more time w/u all and more 
@crayonsman last time i checked they still have the vintage tins at hobbylobby, but they charge $12.99  will wait for the 40% coupon.
I hate my reflection,zombie.i keep skipping my bed time after Navigasi labs.oh my biologic time 
@midnoot is there some way you could arrange a time when we are both on 
Finally managed a browing center but this time my pen drive dumps on me 
@jmtorrey I always say I will, but now I am at the point that if I go to bed at a normal time, my body thinks it is a nap 
Suffering through my weekly time-sheet blues...   At least I'm not being tear-gassed &amp; beaten in the street.
@AnneG33 I got hurt last time I rode that... Some 250 lb guy went with us and he ended up on top of me.. 
had an eventful time but now feels sad  maybe it's lack of sleep
On the way to the mall..at least this time the tabs not on me..to bad were going to gboro's wack mall.. 
@Swide The whole time I hold my breath to hear my question but it turned out I'm not that lucky, I'm so sad  Thanks for the video though..
@fajp We got double booked  But it gives us time to write some new tunes so it's reet.
I was at the pool 3 hours, first time this year!I love swimming, I could spend there my entire life.Not even one good looking guy, ufff 
got back from hike again, didn't see any snakes this time. 
this time last night i would of been at take that  the sats would of still be on
@jimmyaquino we saw him at a bar once, and i was the only one who didn't know who he was at the time 
@piratecakes Oh gosh, don't remind me of the deliciousness of funnel cakes! Haha. I didn't have one this time though. 
i miss the nice time with you,i miss the time that everything whas oke between us  what im trying to say is im just missing you .. 
http://twitpic.com/7xgaz - Why is church empty today  time to pay attention again
@EmilyCFBR  we went but extreme mammals was sold out and they told us that we wouldn't have time for much, so we left 
It sux that I can only take the kids out for a few minutes at a time 
i'm soooo frustrated.  so much do to, very little time, no ideas, all alone 
@riahsmith that sucks big time. 
last time that i hang out with millions pretending that they could replace hanging out with one 
studying for math prov. not fun  thinking next time ill start studying a little earlier next time
...and he just literally started a fire by trying to cook while drunk. Is it bed time yet? If only I had somewhere to escape to 
@t_time24 wish I could go  lol
@ZKeach_SHINEsnt  we would have a kickass time. how much is it? didnt u say the area is expensive.
is wondering why she put herself through it :S Is so full of regrets  Really could do with a time machine! Things could be so different!
@megfrancesca No it really isn't the same  but the people who went to sherwood forest tonight must be proper  because the time has
is alittle depressed again...every time I pick myself up that one person seems to just knock me down again &amp; now I feel i should give up! 
@andrearae13 long time no talk 
i'm kinda sad right now cuz i have to sleep on two different couches for the next 2 weeks  (not at the same time) ;)
I'm a picky eater. If you mess up my order, I don't make a big deal about it the first time. But twice, that's unacceptable.  SteaknShake
Doing my media essay and drama working notebook at the same time 
Goddd, I hate feeling awkward everywhere I go  seeing the hangover for the 4th time!
mmmm vacation time is the best time...but it's almost over 
I hate having to apologize but this time it was my fault 
@juliap727 I remember the last time there was a garbage strike.  At least you'll be here for pride! 
Guess it's time to go do something constructive now.  
@twittelator please bring back the feature where tapping the status bar scrolls to the top. I used it all the time 
i need to escape big time...i feel like i'm being held back 
almost wedding time.  means almost end of vacation. 
@twittelator please bring back the feature where tapping the status bar scrolls to the top. I used it all the time 
@nutterbutternik ahhhh osrry idt i can go  i REALLY need this studying time lol! soon though, some other time!
@Rubyam sorting out my engagement?? i know im sorry ive been kinda busy, i feel like lately i have no time for fun 
Yet another goodbye  party tonight for one of the people I love most in the world. I'm always so short on time 
@eoshipper4ever wow long time...  thank you
Just came back from a pool party. Too bad all the guys decided to cancel last minute  whatever, it was still a rockin time
tick tick tick tick......this is taking a long time 
@JustTen I've never been there. I also don't spend much time in rope 
@cocopostergurl  great. I just ate. ugg. next time. 
Having traffic &amp; time issues on way to concert  but verrryyy excited !  --- MANDA !
as one door closes, another one opens. Almost time to move on 
@mahogany_soul It seemed like a good idea. At the time. 
...is NOT having a good time painting....so tired...so sore- 
something like time travel husband?  Looks really good, but I think it might have a  ending...
If the school raises salary $5, I won't quit...   It's a part-time job but not really a part-time for a musician.
http://twitpic.com/7yfmy - One of the last surviving drive-ins. I miss it!  wish we had more time!
There is the first time i using microblogs. It's not so easy to explain something in 140 symbols... 
The rain has begun to fall at the comcast center just in time for no doubt to begin their set. 
I miss my family...guess it's time to try and find a way to get back to them soon.  
time to start burning bridges 
@Eavesdm ooh a while...couple of years at least...my mind is working overtime at the moment which isn't helping... 
Working at a tea place its just a matter of time before a burn happens 
My power is out for an indefiniate amount of time. Who wants to come pick me up? I'm afraid of the dark 
out of bath bombs  time to go to lush!
spending some time with my handsome hubby, our time together is running out    and still waiting for our baby!
ugh i hate time differences 
The end of edgefest  time to go home and dry my damn clothes!  http://twitpic.com/7yunv
bed would be a good idea right now. this weekend has been the best ever. i love those guys so much. gotta wait 3 months until next time 
@uyennguyen_ i know, and that means not enoght time to stalk 
I haven't felt this sick in a long time. 
sad cause i can't go to the casino with my loves ohh...well maybe next time 
@aamncare ah, I have school everyday and i don't have so much money for travel all the time  but don't worry, i see you soon!!
Watching pocahontas.. I still love cartoon..hiks..makes me wanna cry all the time 
homework time 
Drinking with @WYSeanIWYG at the hizzy. Could be the last time!  #homeless
Oh! And I'm super sad that this the next time I come to this apt., I am goig to be completely alone.  
Oh! And I'm super sad that the next time I come to this apt., I am going to be completely alone.  
http://twitpic.com/7z74w - at Shaoyi's wedding. She was too busy and had no time to take picture with us... 
We have our talented actors and yet they still spend their time in u.s - liam hemsworth, hugh jackman.. 
@Jonasbrothers my brother in law cries every time he hears a little bit longer,cause he's a diabetic also 
@qdakid i tried to come chat but my internet is trippin maybe next time 
Home again... time to go to the other side..... 
@airabby: aww, that sucks. hopefully next time! 
so much things, so little time 
@alexrad i've definitely spent a lot of time making my own shoes online and then ended up not buying them 
Wishes she could have him  at least one time
@azwinandy didnt chia me beer also!!! I didnt managed to see u on stage,by the time I arrived,you guys were done 
i didn't get to see gob again  but the next time they come aroud here i won't miss it even if i have to go alone!!!!!!!
@MarieLuv last time I read lines I accidentally inhaled them  lol
@dgcarrie79 My favorite, too...in fact, one of my very fave songs of all time.  They've been closing with it, but not here.  
i've been so busy for the past days. i needed to accomplish lots of things even 0onmy birthday..i didn't got time to twit it.. 
Every time I want to play my clarinet I want to cry because my mouth piece  0.o
@AdmiralPerry @BilliePerry can you believe my cat has a cold? lol He's sneezing all the time and his eyes are watering 
she wish the dream is true n will happy forever..*slap*..what's the time now?it's 2pm!!get off from the bad n continue the hard life 
wants to go back in time and continue my violin session! 
@savvybassoon no cirque this time 
@risque_d you finally decided to update ? haven't seen you in a long time 
hates working so much. this is the first time that i have actually wished i was young again 
i hate you twitter, you made me miss my stop. less time to shop @ chapel 
Misses having that one best friend to talk to all the time about everything.  thanks tyler for opening to wound.
you know, it would be great if one time, people would look their age... i look way too young 
@apercheddove :-P its okay. I hear blonde jokes al the time on wow.  they think im stupid.
I hate the way this movie makes me cry every time  I'm so pathetic haha
One time I swimming into a river of poop. It wasn't mine either. 
@GerdaDuring sorry, internet wasn't working for a long time. happens here pretty often  ... how are you?
I have all my twitches in here except @BlackandItalian!  next time!!!!
collecting awesome photos again. this time i'll back them up 
BUMMER. Made it just in time, but cops had busted the final checkpoint, scattering the organizers 
I haven't gotten to talk to any of my ninjas in a long time 
And I never meant that phrase as much as I do with you. Can I say I miss you one more time? 
hubby woke me up...now having a hard time going back to sleep! 
@rickofawesome @T_Diggety yay to u guys having a great time, so bummed that I didn't make it 
@TheBibik hope i can leave the office in time...! not looking good. 
I can't believe I missed our 333 updates moment! that fails, it will be 336 by the time I post this  - A
a year ago around this time I thought I had sumbody to spend tha rest of my life with,I guess I was wrong 
All this time i was wasting hope you would come around, i've been giving out chances every time all you do is let me down..  &lt;/3
I totally want this! http://bit.ly/gbtoys Used to own the proton pack &amp; trap at one time. I wish I had the money to get these. 
oh noes! I seem to gained a spot during my less than considerable sleepy time 
shoot.. got no time to rest just yet..  missing him.. 
wound up that people mess with my plans all the time. you know what they are so stick to them  grr
I'm twittering cause i'm fed up with studying all the time 
@xzzzxxzx it's not down, there's a location-specific DNS problem because of their hosting. admin sleeping at the moment. wait 8-9 hours 
i soooo want my pc back  hate not beein online all the time :\
hopefully this paintballing thing turns out, it be my second time  yay. but i doubt it will happen 
WATCHING 17 AGAIN!!! 3rd time 
@coolrelaxed I jus cnt stay up to late anymore! I have to work all the time! 
feels a bit cheated buy the hairdresser  first time in a long time spending the day with my parents... cant wait for tomorrow ;)
scared my dress isn't going to come in time  fingers crossed!
Feeling terribly sorry for myself; suffering from hayfever big time 
@LNTweet wish I couldve went  next time you guys are coming back I can't go again because I'm not 21 LOL 
just did a sneeze and cough at the same time and it really hurt 
8:00 time to get crack a lackin' on my make-up then off to work til till 4 
love my live and just learn to live it... it's hard to relax in time of school stress.. no time to see my friendz.. 
I haven't been this sick in a long time 
@KaitlynDennihy hopefully the weather will be nice by the time yall get here.. it's been monsooning for like 2 weeks straight 
@paquinanna it is not okay, not at any time to call someone stupid, it hurts... 
hoe that he is happy again  its sad time when he's sad  
I have to work today instead of spending time with my dad 
had a great time horse riding now has housework to do 
going to work going to be late because my roommate didn't wake up in time. 
@shustonphotos No plans. @whitetailchef is shooting in the state championship today.  I've got lots to do though.. catch up time. ughgh
i am hungry and there is not food nor it is the right time to eat.  sadness fills the night.
It's been a long time since we both had a good laugh and I hate it that we both have to return to separate homes. 
in other news, time to wave the white flag. was fun while it lasted, pity it ended so soon. 
is hoping my dad had a good time at the ball park..... tired  i want some sleep
ahhh mcfly depressionn - so sad its all over   - wish i could build a time machine and go again.
She's just waiting for her time to die because her condition is very worse now.. I hope she may rest in peace.. 
@SensualStories wow... such a difficult time for your family.  
i hate feelin sick all the time 
fail  ..  retreating to bedroom now, lateline news on.. tired...   written talk only 7 mins long, spose rest of time can be playing around
@chamanurung scared I won't have time to take care one 
feels so useless keeping quiet at the wrong time. so so so stupid, so so so useless. 
@tamsinthompson Also, come out and play some time damn youuu! 
I was having a dream about trying to get to an airport on time &amp; I was running late so when I woke up, I felt stressed. 
So apparently no kisses for a long time 
so many things to do, so little time. sigh! 
someone shoot me. worst night of sleep in a long time. 
Already time to leave the mitten state 
This is a rather inopportune time for the laptop to crash. 
ARRRG revision is taking up all my time!!!! i want to do something fun 
@JMURose   that was SUCH a bummer.  i was pulling for him bigggg time.
oh well no bonus from work for me  maybe next time (I missed out due to my start date)
Every time a movie I really want to see comes out, I promise I won't read reviews beforehand.  And every time...I fail.  
Errands are getting in the way of pool time  why do cars have to break down
I should have just married a doctor I'm with one all the time anyway  back at the clinic again!
*nods head* daaamn I wanted to work freelance for them sooo baad @billiesimone but by time I got out here they were no more 
haven't had time to check youtube  too busy studying.
@ddlovato awwww *hugs* did you lose it again after last night?  maybe now is a good time to start learning sign language...? :| LOL
@having a handful of mixed nuts, no time for a real lunch today 
@mariawinther That can be so hard -tho at least you've got time to sort through everything &amp; decide. &amp; it's so stressful! 
@ShomariW hey how are u today...what time does shot party start? I am ready...missed u this a.m. 
damn i havent been this sick in a lonnng time.....  and it bein 110 out doesnt help!! ; (
@jackieschneider time, resources, equipment, support to name a few  sad but true...this year have made banana bread and pancakes!
going shopping tomorrow with a friend I've known for the longest time!! Looking forward to it as haven't seen her in a while now 
damn i feel terrible...like death warmed up  i hope this horrible cold goes away in time for my holiday!!!
I feel really sick  time for bed, methinks!
I think it is time for me to climb the wooden hill to bedforshire 
I forgot to tie up one of my shoelaces, but I can't stop or I'll miss the bus :/ what do I do in this time of trouble? 
Oops: the timeline in @smugmug filters all pics of a time period, but they are displayed randomly rather than chronologically. #fail .. 
finally hooome. homework time 
K, so i totally missed the date to apply for student loan funding... SHIIIT. I don't think i'm gonna get it in time...if i get it at all 
so hot out today! just back in from about a 45 mins walk. remind me next time to not walk as far with those sandals on lol silly scotsman 
D'oh! Why do I always have to have the best ideas for new videos and the oomph to do them when I have no time?! 
@kasrael i saw that too...so odd.  i don't remember when the last time a big metro accident happened in D.C.  
Always makes the mistake of hanging out with old friends. Only this time i bored nicky with it too 
@Allieandra nnnggh. warning next time please, had just put away the mop 
@helloalee he's a full time member in cute so as far as i know, he's not doing any solo stuff. Such a waste 
In the mean time you all should focus on being less boring since I know none of you will bring me a monster friend. 
few time left to finish my assignment! feels like it's never coming to an end 
@kiala I miss sweaty yoga time... *tear* 
for the first time in forever, wants to write stuffz.... but is toooooo tired 
@gwensutton I was going to try to go completely without the smokes today, but I didn't make it. I broke down around lunch time. 
some times,sorry for say that,but some time the parents are so stupid!  that bored me
loooove, save the empty   txt me baby boy .. i miss you, but this time i won't be the first!
Watching happy feet for the hundredth time 
- miss him so much . wish i had more time to spend wit him 
@JoeMacsOlivia  i know... i was in catering the whole time..lol did u have fun?
time for breakfast , but the cafetaria still close !! ugh , waiting in starving ! 
@xxRockGirlxx she's spending all her time with her buddies from the think tank 
So many things 2 do.......... so little time to do it all 
@BBThemesUnltd how are the new themes going? I have been having a hard time finding free time to make themes lately 
The bad thing about waking up at 7 a.m. to get your running for the day out of the way is there's plenty of time left for chores. 
never twitters... never has time.... 
drive time with the driving teacher today. then stretch at 7..dance is my own escape now that i don't have him 
@grtweetup if i could get someone to take over kid transport i would be there  next time.....
hello. long time no twit. longtime no sun either 
@jcsextro I support multiple projects @ any given time so rarely am regular scrum participant. I needed to be @ this one. 
I am thinking of a right time to go home. There is nothing to do at home but I got to follow a routine 
@WaitressTails I think its one at a time I'm sorry  but its amazing aint it!?
If i had a penny for every time i thought of you i would be a millionaire ten times over by now... 
@blasphy yuh i always get super sick if i dont eat before getting in some kind of vehicle for a prolonged amount of time 
so physio was a fuckign waste of time ! WTF.. dont think i will be going back to work or raving any time soon  sad times 
@strikesinatra hey babe nothing really tryin to see if i want to waste my time and go lay out the sun keeps hiding 
@vonnietastic It makes me sad that the only time I see your face is through your constant twitpics   merrr
Buying lots of gadgets... none for me, though       (soon... birthday time = gadget time!)
@chinosingson wow! you didn't invite me nga to yr party! today's the first time i heard about it &amp; now yr getting mad at me for leaving! 
I hate being ill  Sucks big time!
 my tummy hurts ... 7up time ... I'm just full of problems this week ... I'm either old or just falling apart 
I remember why I sometimes have a hard time with these type of shows..you get attached to someone and then they die 
9 hours before setting off to glasto isn't an ideal time to have a dodgy tummy. 
running in today's oppressive heat was a complete fail - added 2-3 mins on to my usual run time 
Finished processing #cg2009 feedback forms. More forms submitted this year  = more processing time 
conference is a waste of time... I had such high hopes.  
@kenistyles ah man! not to worrie how long you out there for ? you have to tell me in advance for next time! 
*sigh* Can you think of a worse time for your phone to get the dreaded white screen of death? 
is somehow getting things done. my back hurts too  ugh! isn't summer suppose to be relaxation time!?
is chewing on a golf tee and, well, not killing time but... i could be working on my house. and instead, im working 
lawn time 
My hip hurt...I might have to wait for a really long time beofre continuing with kickboxing  So sad T_T
Wishes she had a boyfriend that cared and that aid meet her at the time said 
i really need a life  once i'm out of school maybe i'll have time for one. one week! please help me out and be my friend!
He has the time to do whatever else, but he doesn't have the time to come see me when he said he would? I fucking hate him! No I don't. 
I really want @wilw's books for my birthday, but I don't think they'll come in time 
@CHactingNYC But it means I have to do loads of exercise which I HATE! And I have no time for it at the moment 
having a coughing fit at this precise moment in time 
Toodo on my G1 keeps crashing all the time 
@AngelOIslington what???? =O at work? any suspicions? sorry to hear that! sucks big time! 
@tappnbrd  nooooo! now i am going to have to find another muse for painting for the time being.
Taking my time getting done what needs to be done. I wish I were drinking a rum-filled smoothie with my boy. 
@ibsurd Was going to but didn't have time, so just re-dying it. 
I'm so excited for Mads tonight...last time with my senior loves 
I pick the best time to get sick 
@paulmwoods not good.  ill tell you about them next time we chat on facebook or whatever...
Loves getting out of class early but, hates the awkward time it leaves until work which leads to me being sleepy 
@andreabee heeey, srry i can't, have to go to my cousin's grad  maybe next time, if I'm invited? srry, looove you! xo
time to make the spindles...it's 90 something in the workshop 
@MeredithStar damn u leaving to, another one bites the dust  it's time for me to get out of here
Why do I continue to hook up scrubs all the time!! I don't want no scrubs!!! 
@ksantini I am on my way but i think there may be none left by the time i get there   LOL!!
@kateEkelly , have a great time at grad! wish i could come!! 
just woke up again ... well atleaset my friends love me    should i try going to sleep for a third time or just sdmit today sucks?!
oh no. all my orders have been mixed and they wont get to me in time which means the people they are for will not get it in time 
my naptime has been replaced by cardio time. it will all be worth it in the end.. right? 
@Shaunalin aww  ill hug you next time I see you &lt;3
@CarlisleRCullen yes but no time for baseball 
last big bang theory wasnt as good as i waned it to be  oh wellllll, bed time, toodle oo.
just had the time of my life! sadly the complete lack of any gorgeous men was disappointing  ..haha!!
just got in from practice.one new song for a b side, new set for a charity show and for the first time ever we'll be doing a cover. up@8 
@fizp  I hope, in time he will come to his senses and realize you are the same awesome sibling he has always had, regardless of gender.
we took a longer nap than expected, now my head hurts     time to make dinner....
time is going by way too quickly. only 3 days left at camp!?!? 
i am bored and eating cake cause my dad calls me fat all the time :/ 
mother nature, it's time to stop crying and causing us rain. start smiling and give us sun 
I cant remember the last time I listened to the radio and liked what I heard. why did L.A. have to kill the the 2 stations I liked 
@kimberlyfaye buying a car takes forever (especially at a dealership). last time was 4+ hours 
back in the hospital  ughhh... same thing for the 3rd time! do doctors go to school anymore?
i'm watching too many things at the same time.. it's hard picking only one show to watch a night  working totally blows.
@theflyingpinto I rarely see crews from other airlines on my overnights. I'm glad they had a great time!  &amp; sorry you missed it! 
bowlin with my wonderful family. love the Q time...stink @ the game 
I feel as if time is stuck! Its so dead here!  @joyholiday @anissaurus @aramirez530 what you doing???
chloecs refusing force feeding now.going to call vet tomarro, we think she is telling us its time 
They good at ruining a good time 
i was a transformer in disguise maybe next time 
I really hope that the rumors are false.. if not that means that 3 factories will get shut down at the same time... 
@FPsEvilSide I luuuurve it too! And the script was terribly sad... I just read it for the umpteenth time...... *waaaaaahh* *sniff* 
@carlysesmith i dont mean to i promise!!  i didn't forget about u i just lose all track of time on vacation. i miss yall in a-town! loves!
@chasejustin everything has made me cry! driving down the road made me cry cause the last time i drove those streets was with you 
How is it possible that something so little can claim such a huge piece of my heart....in such a short amount of time. 
@nikisparkles she won't be she's dying it's only a matter of time 
still hot as ever tweeters  but goodnight...time to sleep uncomfortably cuz the a/c broke
Wasting valuable time I could be spending with my son 
wasting time in the office instead of being with my beloved ones 
@CynthiaBuroughs and by the time I get there, you might be having serious hunger pains.  You better go local. like the fridge maybe. ;)
@jackieare ok what time u going over there I'm at the movies 
sad that baby have no time for me... 
no i'm not colorblind, i know the world is black and white... sleep forever sounds great. time doesnt stop and wait though 
@iEatJulieDang: ahah, this movie makes me cry every time 
Booooored...killing time at the bar..but I've run out of cash   booooo!
headache!  just munchied out. time to peep some adult films. goodnight!
@furose  next time girl
wow...after everything we've been through this is what i get? jeez what a nice friend!  w/e i'm done with trying a long time ago
@Mkvelez that last tweet made me  (but at least you get time and a half...my work doesn't do this for some stupid reason)
@yasexy i'm lightskinned and last time i was rubbed in a sexual way was by my chiropractor 
has sore gums... it's that time of the year ago.. when my 4 molars grow just that little bit more... then stops 
my eyes feel like i'm pulling apart velcro every time i open them, yet I had...*thinking*... 8 hours sleep! 
long time since i updated...upset that my nieces couldn't sleep over 
Totally forgot about the time change from boston. So insted of 11 its really 3. But if its only 11 why is it last call at the hotel 
@NickyMcB people want u to grow up so fast and be mature all the time  
I believe the shower is now free time to step in to it.... But I don't want toget up 
In work. No time or opportunity for caching 
wow  the first time in a while i worked so hard on homework.
@shaaarriiix3 no sorry! I didn't have time!   But what should I say?
washed her hair and now waiting til its time to get ready for workkk 
Wishes he saw all time low 
@cavorting Everything got done in time, currently all the wallpaper being stripped, I lose power later! 
just finished painting her toes because she can never seem to make time to get a proper pedicure.... 
going to the city center to do a million things, and still no time for breakfast 
@BeckyBuckwild  I think that time might be the only thing that will really help. But treating urself def won't hurt...
@Tinnyboy :O are you calling me slow?, do u know how hard it is to tell the time on a analog clock 
is sat by herself  because her time management sucks!
by the way my access is limited time only...i have access for now bec. of testing purposes 
the downside to facebook - finding out about the deaths of long time friends in flat text. 
Taking time off is great until you have to start catching up with everything that happened in your absence 
@_rachelx a vid to youtube... its taking an insanely long time 
ate my last plate of go go curry for a loooong time 
@mayeeahi same here. i'm having a hard time with 131 right now. 
my A/C unit always finds the best time to go on the fritz... 
@evansagge I'm actually looking for someone who can create a time machine.  2 years  and still nada.
wonder if we would ever have time to go to the beach. . .  
is sleepy all the time. no get up and go 
Yes i know its really early to be twittering but i have to wake up at this time so i can get home in time for practice. 
@rashmid Didnt you have enough fun making fun of it last time   
had to move for food  time for neighbours!
this ecom design is slow going - looks like another all nighter  to get the project done on time  
@bitchville LOL because I have to put on clothes every time I go out for like a drink of water or something 
last night out!!!!  done with packing and now rocking sydney for the last time!
so many things to do,so little time 
I hate sleeping alone  time to try and get stuff sorted out  ~K
going for the 8th time in search for a dress .. 
@johanbruyneel Freeking outstanding flash intro on @TeamAstana website its time wish @hornerakg could have made it   http://trunc.it/lajl
why can I not seem to get up/get to work on time?    it upsets me.
good times @ the sands! haha.. time 4 work now 
almost time to board the plane for ohio 
Almost time to go home  Not much left from my Transformers induced good mood.. I'm mostly tired now &amp; cold...it's raining again (still) 
@hdconnelly At least you have a good excuse for not shooting. I just haven't seemed to make the time. 
I'm such a wimp  I hate sleeping in my bed for the first time alone after I move it around... -shakes-
3rd time on the pruple line someone has fallen asleep next to me and i've had to shoulder push them of of me 
I swear im going to be dead by the time i leave and or with a broken limb. Just hit my head on a coffee pot 
this is way overdue  but eventually time will call for it // all I wanted was to talk and know what's the problem //
@AppStoreMod I know, it is so annoying. By the time they do i already have 75% of my views 
Keeping an eye on @glastofest with increasing envy - for the first time in 10 years I really wish I was there 
have to go to the doctor now - ughhh. Its annual check up time! lovely 
updating vmware tools on my centos 5.3 vm made it run a quarter-speed. time to reinstall the image... 
was hard to sleep last night after abby left felt like something was missing i guess it's just a matter of time 
It's clear blue sky now, but supposed to rain just about the same time as my tee time after work.   How can that be?
*ugh* heat + stench= failed good time 
just saw 'him' - my first love, for the first time in 3 years and boy do i miss him! 
@itsajenism  I hope this all passes soon and doesn't stick around the entire time. Hugs.
time to leave barista...almost 8 hrs now..these guys will kill me one day 
why is it every time i get on a plane i get kicked out!  so not funny 
@roguedarkly How come most o' the time, men are the problem?  What's happened...? 
@dontforgetchaos i went shopping for vodka the other day..but its been a long time and i just couldnt decide which one to get so got none 
Nearing lunch time, getting hungry.  No contractions yet today ... 
@reruntherace aww, our poor pieces of glass  lost and forgotten.....and yes we can smash another one! (an empty one this time )
@RickyDeHaas that's so much!  well I haven't left yet bcoz it's still early but I'm not sure what time I'll come back before dark though
Unsubscribing from some podcasts.  It makes me sad, but I can't find the time 
@superwife yeah-we treat it with medication twice daily but he still gets them from time to time  breaks my heart every time... miss u! &lt;3
It's so sad when people unblock internet just to block it again in 5 secs. No time to even search for radio stations 
is upsets. He's really mad this time 
@shmerin alright u go girl, i haven't done a half in a long time 
needs to learn how to manage her time better 
I just remembered my library books are overdue...again...more fines for me  I have not even read them yet...I'll renew ONE last time and
@peterfacinelli Every time I try to enter the competition I put in my details and it says the site is off-line 
still have to make the summaries etc for documentatiemap, finished the other things. aaaand. portfolio! don't have enough time i think 
@emilyfannon Magners is my fave cider - think I picked the wrong time of year for sobriety... 
who wants to loan me $2000 until tax time to help me get a car. i wrecked mine and my options are SO limited.  bueller? imagine the karma!
R.I.P. my grandma(royice marcucci) 6.25.2009 at 12:12 central time 
Going to go and read new moon for the 3rd time  I cant get enough of twilight series 
@chazdrums if i know how to do something, and have time... Its so easy to answer 
on my psp browser for the first time in over a year 
@imalcolmjames no internship yet but ive got a place to stay. w/ any luck i'll spend some time in teaneck before heading back to utah 
loves spending time with a newborn... i love you zoe!   so happy you joined us early!
@sendchocolate Jsut visited you blog, can't see any noticeable changes yet, and it's time to get 'stuff' done, I'll check it later 
sleepy time  see u in the A.M.
@EdwardLawrence different time zones or way too much coffee. 
wants to find time for scrapbooking 
Finally! For the first time as long as I can remember, I can breathe through my nose! It's the small successes which keep me going 
@nichelady I'm sure you'll make the time when you have it &amp; dosey - do &amp; all that good stuff... 
predlets off to the park with their nanny, so time for a constitutional walk to get thoughts together. many threads to weave and untangle 
Anyone up for yogurt Karhi. I'm making one for the very first time 
@heidiheartshugs About time. Thanks in advance 
just finished screen printing 10 shirts + 18 tanks. officially pooped. time for a break 'til morris can come be my helper for tomorrow. 
@willadam *he he* You know I didn't mean that, it's such a random time in business, but your kids are holding it together well 
@paulewatts She is very happy with the pc thanks, she can now watch time team online if she misses it! 
@Jontos it's baseball time! 
@rebeccaclark omg i cry every time too! the first time i saw it i literally had tears running down my face. how embarrassing 
@fudgegraphics Hope you had a fun time mate 
had a great time yesterday  Thanks everyone for turning up and having a laugh x
second time going to be a mom in TV com   . hope this time I'll be chosen.
loves the fact that i have the time to update now.  http://kcasti.blogspot.com/2009/04/it-took-me-away.html
does anyone else wish for a simpler time of no more then 2 browsers 
@dharmacharya nice to see you again my friend, I've got some extra time again and I WILL do the review for your books 
i have found a method to do 50 things at the same time 
@itinerant_vae It's okay.  I work this afternoon so the break's actually at a fairly good time for me, I think.
just chillin =P i mean holidays.. nothing to do.. silence.. only me.. *haha* finally my relaxing time.. with a book  typical for me!! &lt;3
time to wake up auntie to get some yumm yumms goin 
@joyjewell at the time it was more $. But probably now that mine is booked it will be less  always happens that way
@seebase Congratulations! What an engaging decision!  You should then check out that website time by time: http://www.e71fanatics.com #E71
@maiseyg nothing! just the rain! you woke up at just the right time  how goes your new series?
@austinhill Not at all  - It's just a time zone issue haha !
@ScottBourne Congrats on the rebrand, I don't see how you have time for all the stuff you're doing this year 
says time for me to blog in multiply  http://plurk.com/p/n25ii
is going have to file for worker's comp if i keep getting hurt every time i work 
@babycakesjase +20million chaos&amp;packing -100 moving. waiting to move coming up to visit some time soon - will be in contact 
@patricklanglois currently my chemical romance songs from about 3 years ago. first time i've bothered to actually listen to them.. 
@joshuawhite well, you do spend enough time there that you may as well subsidize your habit. 
@pieshopgirl I do  but 140 characters is not enough! He's a cool cat....all the time.
@Braincell08 b/c time is a relative measurement of motion, kids = more movement, therefor u have more time in the day! 
@pepitabarlow sounds like you are having a fab time  enjjjoy!
Attended mesh in 2006 (did I reveal my age??) and had great time. They need to come to the suburbs 
@PrincessLilly69 good  happy that you have a great time
@theprguy Have a great time and make some fantastic contacts. Wish I was there with you guys 
is so incredibly happy....and freezing....all at the same time! it's a miracle 
@daphnej i just wish i could find the time to delete, delete, delete...there is nothing i love more than purging! 
been job hunting today no luck maybe next time 
@kimloves and I like your hair.  It's very big, but not at the same time.  Now get back in my pokeball!
is watching M.A.S.K episode 1 online, one of my all time favorite 80s cartoons. Memories memories 
The best radio show in history! A state of trance your weekly traNce update ! this time at a massive scale  #asot400
is eating another one of her easter eggs! twirl this time 
nice day outside so think its the right time for a bbq 
@ohanne 'm not sure, first time playing it 
football time! yes please 
hooray everything is installed and I have a cooker for the first time in two years 
@davidswords talk about irony  you might need to use a different translator next time, though.
@martynpepperell really?!!  That's fricken great to hear!!  I had a fab time   How's you? x
@LeeCarus hmm short hair, tanning up - you are going for the fighting career big time aren't you? 
spending time with the sisters i picked 
@inSocialMedia 2,4,6,8 - who do we appreciate? InSocialMedia.. yay! now that u have had a dose of laughter yoga, time to really work out 
time to get ready for drinks n giggles 
Helping the bestie move today and get to spend time with her  WOOOOHOOO
@grshane But chocolate is recovery, it's designed for the time I didn't want to drink it. They should have made apple recovery 
@CountMeOut if time is getting short, we can skip mexiburger and amoeba if need be 
@dollyboox3 bahaha ;) i dont blame you! woa, what time is it there?? and cool, ive always wanted to learn french  haha &lt;33
@thatsolomon LOL...last time I did that I woke up next to someone scary :\ Never done it since 
@lovinkat @kristy Doesn't help that I toss a blanket over her head and smoosh her almost every time. 
just took stuff over to my place  can't wait to live there full time!!
At my favorite old fashioned italian barber shop, its like traveling in time 
@emilyosment_  More time together though.  That's always a great thing 
17 again was soo great and awesome!  now its time for homework....
@mmWine Awww, wish you could have been here too. Next time. 
@lowleeta lovely. maybe we'll have to catch some lunch if time allows.  let me kno when you think you'll be headin up there 
@arancinibaby unfortunately only get to see them every few months so enjoy every moment with them but they are a lot all together 
alrite.. was a good time with folks... all left now... at home alone...  will prolly browse a bit n then sleep! 
is knackered from doing 6 hours of pure shopping ...thanks to my diet coke for getting me through this tough time 
@musiccityace I just found out about this aspect of twittter and saw your message will add you next time-- send reminder 
@mindywhite What movie was it this time? 
cricket time 
@peterkirn the hidden track will be mailed to you , at some random point in time. It will be a 'surprise track' 
sleeeeping time, goodnight everyone 
@fragilecappy33 ive met shaant like 5 times. he was nice every time. he stayed out and talked to everyone and fucked about. 
@louiscapici one of the best soundtracks in a LONG time...totally encapsulated my 1987 
@bluesound27 I concur. and I'll be sure to take pics next time 
in the night time is the right time when the celling hits the floor  ooh ooh in the night time.
Sleeping girls = quiet house = snack time! 
time to go dream 
snuggle time with my bunny 
my livejournal is officially updated for the first time in like a month. if you're interested, read it. if not, don't read it. whatevs. 
@ddlovato This is alana hope u have i good time reply &amp; keep in touch!!! 
Having a good time at vex 
shower time guys 
@wksmith72 well, I throw my friends around the dance floor all the time  it is fun!
my whole back feels like one giant painful knot, but had a great time with @OceanFly2435 and her zoo 
Its time to let my guard down, open up &amp; let him in.. I have realized maybe hes the one to save me, im not letting him go anywhere 
@g4ss13 haha, i MAKE time for prison break.  just watched it.
a few 'firsts' today: first time in a limo drinking coke out of a champagne glass, first time to a waffle house.. 
is super worn out! but had an amazing time!!  i'm really sad it's over. 
@kristarella I can't be bothered to find images for most blog posts I make. It's time consuming enough to write 'em. 
@ramereth Thanks  Things should improve in a couple months time now, so we will see... Faililng that, I will move country and try again ;)
@FlissTee Or i could just move the island, go back in time and have one with the crew! 
phnx was awesome. i am full and content and made it to and from in good time 
@peace_ Thanks for listening. Hopefully next time you listen to me I wont be complaining 
Woho, breakfast time, see you later!! 
It's quite cold tonight, I think it may be time for a nice single malt 
lied about going to sleep the last time....well she's heading for her bed....she can really use a massage now....sweet dreams twiggas 
having a good time in my garden... bikinitiiiiiiiiiiime 
@iamwhoever I think he will in time. he cant see it now cuz he's in the midst of the storm but it'll calm down&amp;they'll be moments of sun 
@libertygrrrl yeah pretty much... it was probably the worst time to start it but know wer have a good idea of what to do  
off to spend some time out in the garden 
@Arabian_Beauty welcome back ,, loooong time no c 
@pickoo yeah, at least I didn't fall asleep and miss the station like last time 
@skinnylaminx it's yet another thing to while away the time.  it's like mini-blogging.
@louizah Why they dont make movies like that anymore...i dont know! I've sang along...tapped along...definately a good time 
Is lying in bed twittering for the very first time 
thank you for following me &lt;3 hit me up some time 
@twookclub just finished the twilight book for the second time now  I will never get tired of them
back to work but this time in the sun! that makes the whole process so much nicer 
Its time to turn over a new leaf on a lot of old habits.....I'm really looking forward to the change. 
@astrologerthe Third time's the charm 
@moore_misery_21 well you have a good time 
@mikeBithell Sright! =D I plan on reporting all the stupidity, one idiot at a time. 
@thefloatingfrog it's about time someone thought of a solution to this problem!! I was thinking the same last week 
@pauljchambers Right time for a cuppa while hair towel dries so I may as well tweet ... that's time management  see I'm good lol
coffee time before Ekidz 
@rosskie No first time, had a nosey round whilst I was in there too, you do like golf and sunsets 
yay so excited, i'm go to the cinema with my bff alyson!  we're spending some quality time together!
@johncpiercy Awww, those are great shots - looks like he had a great time at the firehouse. 
@angelinexo   I can't wait for you to hear it!! I'm so excited about this one.  It's my mom's all-time favorite.
time for some bbq 
no one ever tells me the important things. time for some dim sum 
@Amalari @eeUS @monicarooney thanks guys!   no real time off on this trip, but we come here to work
@FionaKyle  now when have we heard that before  lol bet it was fun at the time ? lol
@AlkalineGabi ask him for it next time you see him! 
@leonkay I'll do it for you next time sweetie 
@movinmeat Yes, but I think you may be in town at the same time.  
It would be a great time for me to make or have some of my dreams come true, I'd better wish and concentrate fervently this cycle 
shower and food time 
@akpoff It's funny - I see Bible Verses quoted all the time, with the person not attributing/knowing where it came from 
@MsMRodz have a safe trip! sounds like u had a good time. 
it's singer/songwriter playlist time 
okay, up and going! time to work out n go tanning 
@BeckyDMBR I've been all over the map...a bad time for quotes, fertilizer, or tainted drinking water?  
You'd think that updating this thing all the time would get boring, but it's actually quite addicting. 
Productivity mode off. I think it's time for some gaming relax 
@teejay0109 hmm, I think so ;) smiling (and laughing) is such an excellent past time! 
@selenagomez jhajha you are amazing girl!! ? LOVEUU!! i cant wait for ramonaa!! have nice time 
Finished my tri  beating the first female racer at the line. Of course she started 21 min after I did  final time tbd
@loudmouthman It does but that doesn't matter. Not the first time that mistake has been made 
thinks its about time she started her homework...and is looking forward to tomorrow hence the inset day 
@darockie: eventually  this time i'm a follower!
@Mattdavelewis I had such an amazing time 
I've had such a lovely wkend, work, friends, Chinese takeaway, sunshine. I just feel very happy at this moment in time 
@stooey Yay, it went to lunarpages, my sometimes bad but 90% of the time good webhost! 
setting off for the middle east now, c.15 hours total travelling time, but get to see my daddy 
@joshunfried THANKS!!!!  I'm on a roll here with my editing and didn't want to take the time to find it right now...so thank you 
@hereannow lennon is my all time favorite artist.  true genius.  you have great taste in music.  
will not be showing face in philly for a long time  sorry reeba
@khaled74 hater  You're done so soon, you should enjoy your last time here hah
Watching the wizard of oz because its my favorite movie of all time - there's no place like home 
@theginfairy *grin* you, too! I thought we gave good panel. And at no time did it appear we might declare UnWar on anyone 
@melaniengzuer haha yeah I'm using tweetdeck at home  too bad I can't use 2 account at the same time
it's a studying time!! lol, and i'm 2 happy 4 some reason 
@pinkie_pie I said I doubt I'll be passing them up! I mean, if they're worthy of my time and willing to have a good time then why not 
i thnk its about time for a that 70's show marathon  http://tinyurl.com/5kmchq
extremely unsatisfied i cant juggle in a metaphorical sense :/ needle dodgin big time todayyy 
gymed, showed, time for a scone 
my nievce just talked my ear off about her trip to london glad she had a wonderful time and had alot of stories to tell 
dream time, greatnight 
@m1zzys know the feeling - haven't got time to be ill  Take care
Still more time to wait for kitties..... but they're doing well 
@fifihotpockets Yes. on the current chip ad..good lord! she's on so many ads you can't escape her.  I wonder if she grins ALL the time LOL
@mikestopforth cool, will fiddle around with it in my very scarce spare time 
@lifeway_kefir yes,i have and love it, too! next time when i stock up, i will need to blog about it!  my friend is drinking them too! 
time for a tea break 
solving those stupid errors brings joy and peace to the world  (does waste time at times though - hot cabins color grey cells)
I want to thank the sun for arriving just in time for school vacation week.  Looking forward to spending time outdoors with the kids 
back to work?  time to plan a flash mob 
Works done time to enjoy the sun 
@tgranbacka I think it's time for him to shut his big mouth but... he won't. 
~ One more paper to grade and then it's time for a @eurout break 
@jlonzo time to shower and dress bbl 
@hannahbayman Trying to figure out what your holiday entails from 280 chars' worth of clues! Have a great time 
I think its time to go home for lunch, and sit in the garden for a short while 
I went out in 49...came back in 42...I then went out again   ... but this time in 45 ... I rarely warm up much, maybe I should!
Not sure why I am up so early. :/ Not necessarily bad though, shower time. 
YUSSS, I will have the next 3 consecutive weekends off!  :whee:! Hopefully some time to spend with @rizzle_d, considering circumstances?
schools is finaly done so now its time for chilling 
@ddlovato have fun here! U know we love u  next time come to barcelona =]
@rahelonline this time i can not be threre. but  you will have the good one. happy brithday rahel!  lol
Just made another trip to evans this time for clothing :p spent a stupid amount but its worth it 
I've been spending a lot of time sewing. I need to run to the store and get some new patterns and fabric 
@guardiantech watching the spreadsheet being updated has to be one of the most amazing things I have seen for a long time! 
spend a life time trying to wash away 
@dividedsequence Haha well good.  it's about time something got figured out for sure. Haha.
Nearly game time   *does the dance of happiness*
time for movie  17 again wooo
@adoran2 I love your optimism over the alarm clock - you could let him have his own, but only if he can't reset the time 
so that army can have some fun for the last time      The 'fun' will continue for the better part of this .. http://tinyurl.com/d8r48y
is doing things I shouldn't have time..again  now back to work!
I'm done studying for now...time for bed...goodnight! 
@Travisuniversal lol wow that's a long time! So you came out from day one singing then? haha. :p That's wicked,u sound like a superstar! 
@gonadsgo I am limited in the amount of time/usable footage I have for this, but I will try to add something from the bb mix. 
@richandcreamy workouts get better over time...stick with it... 
@liquidwings education and talent only get you so far in life, PERSISTANCE will always stand the test of time 
@acidicice hi   our voting station are very close to home hubby will go see when its time
@SeenTheSheep rawr rawr rawr - this is what I'm going to say each time you speak poop. you do not suck... much 
@NLife dunno actually. couldnt find a cheaper/better option. its my first time printing with them so lets see  any suggestions?
right, past 9pm, time for self-imposed computer exile... wish me productivity 
Today I will be spending my time blowing the heads off infected zombies! 
@heybonnie it was on radio disney at the exact same time 
@god_why_me hello, long time no see 
@DanCMos The photos looked like all of you had an amazing time - and the weather actually cooperated. I was glad to see the smiling faces 
at home spending some much needed time with myself  night tweets
finished take a bath.. time to go to my beloved sekret 
2 more new dunnys! yay!! trading with the sibbling = getting rid of doubles and getting new ones at the same time 
@Friidss had a great time with you as usual, girl!! 
@jendisme I love spending quality time with you too, honey. 
is watching grease! i love this movie. it's my favorite musical of all time! 
Taks is over... Finally! time to get some real rest!  good night world.
it's time for me to fly, time for me to soar, time for me to open up my heart &amp; knock on heaven's door, time for me to live 
http://twitpic.com/4dzt7 - I had a great time guys. I love you very much!  kisses.
goodbye twitters!  ...its time for me to sleep ? haha
I haven't smiled this hard in a long time  i cant wait to see what happens
snack time 
roommate time with @sambushed 
@jezlyn But where would I find the time? ;-P  I probably need to be on the internet less, not more. 
@childsplayx2 That's quite possibly true, but I think he's vain enough to check his @replies from time to time. 
@DeadliestShady I don't know what i'm doing here haha..I think it's time to go to sleep I can't stay here anymore xD see you later shady 
Spending some quality time with my favorite big brother 
Catching zzzzz's now... This time I remembered to remove contacts  yay my eyes won't burn in the morning!
@miaww28 let's eat at a japanese restaurant next time! haha! 
its time to go for the big fish 
@jhillstephens They eye of the law never sleeps  I stayed up to long last night aswell, now I'm yawning all the time....
chatting do send the time flying! 
@crysniss  ironically, it's weed.  LOL.  shower time.  
I learned a lot about adrenalin yesterday while trying rock climbing for the first time... 
@BIGBOOTYBRE dont even waste your time following @powerDBO lol tell him to put a pic up and then make your decision 
@CocktailChic there's always someone twittering at any time 
Looking forward to spending some top top time with my son 
@pacquiaofanatik What time is the fight? 
ought to be spending time with her grandma instead of mucking around the internet. 
@krumpet You're a legend for remembering &amp; asking (thanks  ... all good actually - no bone reshaping this time so pain less swelling also
it's never a right time to say goodbyee 
Just got kitten to sleep in her basket and not my shoulder. One step at a time 
everyone's goneee ! ahh well, time to start on an assignment  i'll be quietly tweeting !
@madinalake Aww but hope you had fun i did  you were even better than last time i saw you n i didnt think that was possible ! X
@RobertPattz ..cont..that was sooo unbelievable hilarious...really  I was laughing all the time  hats off to U man))) u should be
@originalLinDA hope you had a good day. nothing major just spending way too much texting time with someone. 
Graduation time, folks 
@leahblonde just relax and have a good time  it will be much more enjoyable that way 
@kelsobrien is this by chance a reference to an old all time low song? 
@questlove Your skills are amazing. But you know that, and I'm certain you hear it all the time. 
@designosophy : I'm not big on wanting revenge, but have liked to get the emotion out, from time to time in song! 
spending time with my grandmother 
.....the human mind.  I'll give u a call when I have more solid plans on the run.  I'll be considerably out of the comfort zone this time 
Setting up domain, new articles on the way. Who said  that long weekend is a resting time?! 
I love recitial time but i don't enjoy going to everyone recital's. Some are a bit boring but i love performing and helping out the show 
have had a great time at Blommes'! and thinks that the party last night was pretty nice 
Another point, I am not a crazy partier. I just like to have a good time! 
@rotjong time flies when your listening to #twitteradio, of is #twitterradio time short 
#barcampla looks geekier this time around.    
Anyone want a remix done of their track? Looking for projects to pass the time. 
about to shower...qo by some new shoes take a anp and then its qame time 
@EmilylaGrange and I had just had my hair done so it felt like the perfect time 
@claireoconnell ironing &amp; tweeting at same time- you could do master classes in multi tasking- way to go 
@monsterchew we dyed eggs (for the first time). this i'm using to dye yarn - easy for the beginner.  so super score!
@erinekath hey chennnn  long time no see
TV time over, time to do...something 
i just laughed SO much watching all time low videos 
@chefali Tired - you?  You're in a later time zone than I so it must be past your bedtime...or is cooking keeping you up late? 
I love him, I love him, I LOVE HIM!!  bed time. :] I'm so happy mum forgives me.. I'd rather die than that ever happen.
@djgreatscott if you're equally open to both, the balance will come easily. then no time is wasted on anything you don't want to do. 
Loves family time 
@Synderella_a7x thanks so much!  someday when I have more time, I'll do them justice!
@rachaelearl I definitely think they will better next time since they started off awesome. I will have to give them another chance! 
had a quality time with my family 
i bacame a business man in no time 
had a great time spending time watching a movie with her mom. 
time to sit back, relax and play a little, or maybe a lot, of packrat 
just ate some lunch  now it's a time for a good movie ;)  // cool http://gykd.net
@simonvallejo lol. sounds like a good time 
@imogenheap have we got a time for today's improv?  much love xx
Thinking of dinner. People are flowing into the mall so i guess its time to go. 
I had such a good time at prom. And I've deduced that smaller closer groups &gt; big mob groups. In short I think I made good decisions 
I got my time machine working again 
@karendee That's awesome! I hope you had a great time. 
just realized he had all these reply's and never responded to them. sorry guys! i'll be more on top of it next time. 
@Courageous_one yes we had a good time, we are making a proper shopping date sans children. 
time for a shower right now 
The sun is coming up and I'm going to bed. I didn't even drink tonight. I just had a great time! 
@527dunerica no.. it ended 3 hours ago. hehehe. but it was a fun get together.  u shud join next time. 
Off to brush up on my time management skills... night all 
@iamjemzie  what time is this and where exactly? I'll go if I can find someone to go with me 
@slipandstumble T;will be he bext time of out lives!!  &lt;3
time for a power nap 
@radha_ Any time pal! 
@thefairypond your new avatar pic is very nice!  first time I've had a chance to be online. since you changed it!
@cocoy LOL but no, thank you. We failed the last time 
@MarysHere love to wake up to a good laugh! Thanks.  Looking forward to the next time 
if you're running out of space to put your ideas, it's high time you put some of them into action 
@Silverfish1600 my brother isn't that bad most of the time, and he's living somewhere else, so I can live with it 
omg. i am so exhausted. haha went to some pretty crazyy parties last night. had the time of my life 
@timmeh Certainly no fun there. Hopefully if you keep smiling you'll be back to 110% in no time! 
the one day there's no one to see, nothing to do, no where to go i get lieu time at work, they know and do it on purpose oh well i'm home 
@_EdwardCullen_ lol i hope everyone had a good time 
@NickCannon u make other guys in their relationships look bad &amp; want 2 step their romantic game up thanks  next time in 246 stay longer
The best time to wear a striped sweater, is all the tiiiiiiiime 
@ladyblue3 HEY! long time no see! 
Of course, it's time for coffee! 
@gwensutton good day gmomma  its never late when its for the friends sake, sounds right on time to me
It's tennis time! 
unofficial #flyingpig time: 2:35:00. i'd say for my lack of training...i did pretty damn well. 
I was right. I bought three books.  there are so much books and so little time. ;)
@abigailsnyder hope you are having a great time in my home state! 
The dogs felt bad for waking me up early, so they slept with me til 11..time to get up 
Getting ready 2 spend time with my dad 
@GeorgeOnline i wouldn't be amazed  what happens when your pipeline dries up. time &amp; $ spent getting foot in and staying in. etc. v. hard.
@SexaholicBBW while you were poorly you could've done with someone to rub you belly. I volunteer next time your poorly 
spending time with my best girl's 
time to be out n about. its a pretty day in el lay 
I don't have to wait 'til the morning no more  time to relax and settle down in bed. type talk and sleep. 
@shygamer Nothing, I need something to occupy my time lol.  How have you been last few hours? 
Researching houses. It's that time people, time to get my own first place!!!  This is going to be fun.
Spending some time with the fam 
another #coffee from my barista #shuey. gosh this could be start of something dark  well is it that time of year. buzzzzzing!
@eltonlin next time I'm up there, let's test your theory on how great norcal desserts are. It's on 
Spending quality time with my dad 
I desperately need to learn some basic time management skills!  
@iamglennie It's okay. Just let me know when you have time.  
@jaleesie 4am? and your are still up at 10:15.  It's wayyyyy pass your bed time missy......lol. Indeed I would... 
suprisingly had a good time at the piano social 
@yush Those were the most complicated 140 characters i've read in some time 
@jeremycowart next time someone calls you for a gig you dont want, refer them to me: www.tomwehrlephotography.com I'm game 
Always a fun time with the ILYC'ers! I love em all! 
bed time for me - night everyone 
A wonderful day with family and getting stuff done, then a great dinner. Now time for bed, yea 
@MaxizPad portable, retractable, personalized chopsticks,  Have a great time!
@cjlambert I was an early adopter of learning how to gain a competitive advantage over my competitors. What a waste of time THAT was! 
@Steppernits you got lots of time still so it dont matter 
@mileycyrus awww!! I knowwww, having some time to spend with yourself and your bed is the best thing evur  Hugz
@gabby0705 have to get some 'me' time in. 
@betsymaebartlet sleep is damn good. get a ton of it! i'm very glad you had such a good time this weekend 
@BlokesLib Wow... I was just thinking of the time difference between us! You've already lived my tomorrow 
@Ms_Niss you've experience a twitter time lapse.  the aliens have come and gone 
@ruhanirabin I don't know not having been in all the convos. But @scarletmandy is allright with me and I &lt;3 big time 
Spending time with bessies in a bit. 
@MrsDDoubleU glad u had a good time girl 
@TLWH love your website  what a wonderful/amazing time you are having!
finally met someone for the first time today.. we had been trying for so long.  haha!
OK...time to light the fireplace..........starting to get chilly inside. 
Just made tea, this is the longest I have slept in for a long time 
@nagham No worries, as long as you're happy  We're planing to get a closed hall for the yoga next time, any ideas ? 
just finished eating a quesadilla, time for bed 
@gnat time to use a registrar that offers auto renew? 
@jasonhoun Haha of course! That's my favorite album of all time 
finally leaving this place! woohoo! school time! 
grubs up  so nice being cooked for, I feel like a princess every time
Its relaxing time..a movie and some treats 
lying on the sofa chilling...don't intend on moving from it any time soon 
has just finished recording the improvisation for the second instrument in the latest podcast and is happy. nearly mixing time. 
is back at working auditing away, time to make the hard decisions and be happy 
@Sixxjohn well then close your pretty eyes and count boring sheep  you'll be sleeping in no time
It's teddy chucking time 
It's teddy-chucking time 
spending some quality time with my fender tele deluxe...true love 
@jelnora Nothing like alone time with your handheld device 
@ingegoesbroadwa sounds like you're having a great time 
@DhruvChadha welcome back to school, don't study too hard, take time off and smell roses too 
@babygirlparis Have a fantastic time in paradise and drink a few Margeritas for me 
@Sethhs23 - I will help  not sure how when i'm alllll the way over here haha but i can try  have alot of free time right now haha
@AllisonNazarian oof. perhaps it's time to start a #moronmonday shout-out meme 
@ajaymohanreddy It's time to face the truth - expat Indians are practically Americans. 
I know people say that power naps are good for you all the time, but I kinda always miss the alarm 
@DanielBedingfld is this a new album?? about bloody time too!! 
bath time  
coffee time 
@reemerband wooooo the tour has started yay, 13 days  have an awesome time! loved the video xD
well being a retired drummer I can do my own drum roll so all you need to do is read my posts since they take a ton of time  lol
@CHRISDJMOYLES Get you lol what time we eating id hate to be late 
@mitchelmusso ...and you're on my mind.. like all the time.. 
@tldn thanks! we want to continue to improve our process for the benefit of customers - things like this just take time 
i have been in the lounge for HOURS...and i have not been productive at all. upps time to go out 
This is the last time to get it right...  hello loves.... 
maxin' and relaxin', almost bed time 
Spending time with the fammmmm. (: hopefully, going to pay my bill soon... 
@rubydoor hi ruby, u said u were painting yesterday (i think, lose track of time) what are you painting? can we know the concept/subject? 
got back from visiting relatives...time to watch a movie 
@etniqminerals though I have to admit that seems less &amp; less tempting. who has time, when there are more complete packages to be had?  
LOVES that lubbock is wet..its about time..no more strip runs 
@AdiumX time to learn another language? 
Going out to down town with a friend, long time haven't seen him...OKOK.. i am feeling fresh again 
@mahhsaayyy haha! well im glad i made you feel better in your time of struggle 
From top down: 2x2924, 1x2610, 3x2500. Then an 1841 and two desktops. More gear to come over time of course. 
and guess what? the second time around... it's still fucking great 
@serenechai that's cool! i think del's going to korea same time as you! have fun! 
I do believe it's bed time. Knighty knight. 
@JackAllTimeLow wow. you guys get better every time i see you...come back to chicago soon! chicken cutlet 
is going to go have some cuddle time with her C baby and woofies...I love our nightlife 
@davecandoit dude that honest to god happens to me all the time.. minus the trail mix. 
@DespinaCook or least for the firmware upgrade. just buying some time until I get my tax return really 
@griffmiester last time I looked, they were about 400. They gave us a demo, so cool 
I really need to turn my swag off it's 3:30 time for bed! 
Oh, time to eat and make conversation with the domestic partner. 
@ALOliver i bet they did  some people have no ideia or standards  have a lovely time the pair of you 
@bradiewebbstack every time you write a tweet the always make me smile  just had to let you no
@TheEngTeacher it's always time for coffee 
@empresstrena have a nice time, with plenty of dreams 
@jakeyboy26 cool, i'm glad you had a good time.  x
..but did i mention spending time with two bffs .. Totally worth it 
It's 5:03 in the morning.. I think it's time I went to bed. - so, goodnight everyone  http://tumblr.com/xaj1qz8v3
had an awesome time with @spotspot85 and @xerovoltage 
@simonusher a bit too early for me and wanting to have nice lunch too... have a good time 
@robertkazinsky so you should. You're a fantastic actor it's about time you got some recognition for it. 
Yes - before you say it - I know I split a train of thought over three tweets. I think the last time was summer '08. It happens sometimes 
ah midday - great time for breakfast 
made a model for tomorrow, now it is time to edit some old maps! 
@jaywoo2 Haha yeah that's a highlight for me at the moment too. I'm enjoying taking my time reading it, making sure I take it all in... 
Just had a wonderful time with my gals... 20 years friendship and still counting 
@yumstationery haha you know, next time I need to keep that in mind 
@MisterRo I was telling @bryantma about your birthday present clock... apparently M is also into all things that keep time! 
sorry you're sicky @jeffscherberger. no hospital visits this time, k? 
yeeesss it's donee... finally.. now it's dine time 
spending quality time with the fam today 
@fridahanna okay  I'll have to owe you then and I'll use the gift-card some other time ;) (no I won't give it to u xD)
@BetaRish next time I will remember to tweet a bit earlier - it would have been nice to see you 
@stonegrillo next time you scream, i'll scream back and tell you to shut up. 
@thatnatgirl lol i did a solid 15 mins! well if its bath time can't say no to that 
@kunen69 It certainly won't be the last time everyone is together... that's a given 
my grandmother's talking to me all the time  she's sooo cute.
@lollipop26 have an amazing time 
spending some time with the little guy... 
Thanks to everyone who came out last night, had a great time! 
Spending some quality time with my Mags while mommy is at the store 
just been having a great time playing with the kids in the garden!! its really nice watching them develop 
Spending time with my mom!  She's the best!
Spending time with my mom 
@BonnieRedlady   I know! Another thing I have learned from my kids is ~ half the time they are wiser than I am ~ giggle
@mrelihan at this point in time i am unsure of anything 
@DinoGoesRawr ok, some time soonn  any others?
reading for a little, then bed....goodnight everyone!!! only a few more days till the time of our life!!! 
hearts need a mind like a clock needs the time. like white needs black, if you leave i hope you need to come back. 
So I wrote a little on my paper, but now it's time to get ready for bed! 
Which reminds me, time to start the next bottle now that I'm down to 375ml or so. 
@dqstudios  LOL Suits you big time  been there before!
@Flourishwithme go to the aquarium!  or the field museum is actually really cool if you have time for it. and take pics at the bean 
i swear to you every time i see him &lt;----------i seizure;; keep running through my mind........jog my memory's amnesia 
@BillyLeo I am done at 06:30 local time.  It's not too bad other than the social implications.  I survive. 
@middleclassgirl Can I take you out next time so you can judge my future girlfriends then? 
just like optimism was taught, negativism was also taught. time to work daily at reversal 
@loveultra ok I think I am ready to give the website a try....whenever you get the time  ...I really need to work on brand building
time to sleepp.. i cant wait til this wed 
@danniezeitgeist I figured  I'll look into my list of original fics next time I'm on the computer and hook you up lol XD
@kirste Thanks dear; pardon me; smxs I play funny; maybe most of the time; I believe joy is the end result of tweeting 
first time twittering and wondering why this is all the rage. 
Thinks ok it's about time to confront her. But I promise to do so nicely 
watching 50 first dates for the first time in forever.. its funny 
@Shelny  but it's not that I only do things I really want. I unfort. still have to go to work. But my spar time is bigger from now on ;)
@stevengsaunders You've been reading my e-mails.    I make mistakes like that all the time.
@angee310 does he know how lucky he is to get to spend time with you???     He better appreciate you!
@EmandSamMac i could try on my home computer... i suppose  may work there. But by time i get home &amp; got so much going on.. please. kisses
is spending time with my sis. 
caught a 'more' bus &amp; didnt regret it for the 1st time! It was leaking on my seat quite a bit but I got to the non-student train on time 
okay,time to go out 
time to make my way home without someone on the train spoiling #lost for me - i've nearly made it! - evening all. 
@Cordobes32 Thats impossible. EVERYONE can dance.  And its also fun and good exercise. I just wish i had more time to do it.
food time 
for a limited time i have ribbon sets here http://quirkyboots.etsy.com grab them while you can 
@ncfcog When i was there I walked so much I wore my shoes out!  I was on business, but made time for some pleasure too 
@dulani247 wow good shipping time  i ordered from play.com, they're normally really fast. why do they decide to be slow with this?! haha
@samuelerics first time you guys have a web, right? 
It's a wrap! All the exams are finish and now I have holiday  And I need some time to relax on the pool.
@carolinechamber No worries... any time! lol 
Close friend delivering a talk on self-confidence for the first time and she rocks! 
@tjinkerson We've been doing them together for all of our relationship. It's our time to talk and mess about 
@musicalmand wow!! we are in the same time zone and insomniac 
time to start planning my glastonbury rain outfit, already have a few boss ideas 
soon.. The haircut.. this time, no new colors  - http://bkite.com/07sfg
time to listen to music from my friends on blip 
bored bored bored  what can I do???  later:soccer time  but now bored 
@tsarnick It's my fave scarf at the moment, got it the other weekend! =D I wear it all the time, literally! 
@jrkgirlnla have a good time!  so happy for the ones going!! 
I found a positive aspect of being mostly bald.  It takes less time for your hair to dry after a lot of rain 
@PaschaBri I really like it! A lot going on so its keeping my interest...emmy is playing with parents 2nite so I will have time to read 
@megg94 i'll ring your school and tell them your lying  the only time i was ever off cause of dentist was when my teeth where rly bad.
It's lunch time and you're probably bored so http://guesshermuff.blogspot.com/ pass the time with this. You're welcome. 
@olospo thanks, but i've already got a degree - i was after part time evening course! 
@JessOfWarcraft haha welcome to the world  what time is it your end then?
starting to wonder what I'm going to do with all that free time when degree is done... wooohoooo -- getting excited... better calm down 
@CraigMayhem The sound was poopy on the stream, will have to come out next time! 
sushi time with my ncitooo at sency 
Over time, a choice to push personal limits every day rewires your brain to a point where the approval of others isn't as important 
i have soo many options when i think about further education... i'm a bit confused  but huh i have about one year time to think...
i love the way i am today . just living a simple life and spending my spare time with my friends . 
@TheRealAmz blow a whistle down the phone next time they call 
@ngeneraMS2 #nGen would be perfect instead of #nGenInsight, but it's too late to change this time 
so I'm doing some hiring negiogations that may take awhile anyone need some contracting wk done in the mean time? 
#whyitweet I tweet because it keeps my mother in the know without me answering 50 million questions every time I see her 
@JamesRavenell lol, I'll take that as a compliment! Actually, it's the first time I've ever written one from scratch, and I like them! 
says it's like i've got nothing to do but think about you. I've got all of the time in the world.  http://plurk.com/p/tthq2
@cynicalvillain Isn't it? It's cool and weird and confusing and awesome all at the same time! 
Bubble bath time 
@CourtneyCraver I can't believe you signed up to volunteer when you had a baby due any time! You are brave 
I had time to get important things done... instead I'm checking my email, and playing on the computer 
@Rascalbear most popular movie right now. I went with no expectations and had a great time. 
Duude, prom was chill. Now its drinking time 
My menchikatsu turned out really well considering it was my first time making japanese food. 
@MirandaBuzz  hope you have a great time at your B'day party! 
@youdle Thought your friends might be interested in www.royalmysorewalks.com or when u are here next time around.its just 2 hrs from blr 
@teknikolour You and your eastern time zone 
@mileycyrus i always wonder how u find time to twiitt! 
@nerdwriter  ec wins this time
i just customized my layout for the first time! reminds me of when i used to code everything...twitter is so simple and cute; i love it 
hey tyrese check my music out if u have time  id appreciate it 
@sdiabr12 what a rave experience it was! so exhausting, but so amazing at the same time 
time to go pick up my boys   
@hanndarling It was surreall like i am still shocked lol. yayy life haha so stoked for all time low tomorrow! 
we're turning caitlin on to supernatural. man, it feels good to start from the beginning.  ..again..    it was a simpler time. 
@acryfromthesoul Niiiiice.... I missed it the 1st time.  I love this melding of filthy minds.  
J got a watch for his birthday, he's now bombarding us with not-actual-time-checks 
@TechAficionado it was hot as hell!! But I had a nice time in kels section 
saw bladerunner for the first time ever tonight... it was a good movie, but I don't understand the hype... 
If you guys tweet me your parked names one more time I'll get you banned with click fraud.  kthxbye.
chillin  having a good time. tired though.
@dannydb What did you take this time: the red pill or the blue one? 
just got back from a once in a life time opp times 3 
watching some old school depeche mode video's and drinking a lot of beer and having a good time. 
Stargazing with a siLEE  cuddle time! lalala
@AlexAllTimeLow i forgive you alex  you guys did great though. i was sad i didnt get to meet you after though.. next time &lt;3
On the couch, got my coffee, time to relax n unwind... 
If I watch this video one more time, I think I'll explode. http://bit.ly/8axdn  sigh... @johnlegend ... 
Finally going to sleep after spending some quality time with some quality people. 
@NathanFillion congratulations! great that you have a second season. hope you have a good time relaxing for a bit.  
@13jessrocks13 you're so luckyy ! have an awesome time  x
@andypandy088 I've already seen it before, when it got released for the first time,... It's still an amazing movie!! 
Playing a real guitar for the first time in months; my fingertips aren't used to this kind of abuse! 
@kumarhk Nothing a time warp accident can't explain 
eurovision time  too bad its been spoilt for me 
Going to town on the bus for some girlie time 
@minxywitch Somewhat limited by children's education at the moment,so hols only, but in a few years time - well that will be different 
@LonelyBob next time we'll plan a team of streamer so we can get it all 
@ciaran_j I've no idea...time does not exist on Sundays when hungover .. hope all do well 
@lisanti when you get time if you could send me that picture that would be awesome 
Just went mad again hearing @AirTrafficLive on hollyoaks again. Third time around and it still catches me my surprise.  32 dayss!
Morning...wish I could sleep past 6:15, this time I can't even blame it on the baby 
@mobbsey applause - unofficially working most of day ie can't count the time &amp; know it will impact on sleep - wish I was as strong as u 
@meganstk i hope you have a good drive/time at your nans 
Its time for bed now after 3 glasses of red 
just found notes that were taken from a deep meditation back in 4/08...I guess it's now the time to share. Wow! 
@slmar you can do anything 15 mins at a time!!  be good to you during this!
@loupie - helloooooooooooo     long time no see!
his latch is so much better when he's not screamin hungry.  i love his newfound alert time
work 10-3. home in time for the wings game! 
hello everybody  had to make lunch and clean everything, now time to relax for 1 hour, then im on my way back home
@DavidArchie, thank you for taking your time to meet some of your fans at the hotel before you left. it was rushed but we understand. 
@zoebakes He was very excited! He tried to eat the cake before I finished (he`s 2). I figure by the time he`s 10, I`ll be an expert. 
@hyperbets call the front desk and ask for a late checkout. do it every time after an out of town wedding  they've only said no once....
@ddlovato do you have any meet and greets in la any time soon???? 
had an awesome time golfing! the team fished 1 over par 
The kettle is on again, time for a nice strong brew 
@RealWorldMom Aw, thank you for asking! We had a good time! I picked up food, we played board games.. she is doing so good  It's a miracle
@Wildboutbirds  i know, i always have time for you, too *scratch scratch*
@guruubii LOL the aquarium is awesome dude have a good time 
@jeanettejoy but i can call the blessings miracles as others do and those happen all the time if u are paying attention to identify them! 
@meeabee  yes please  I keep checking out bits &amp; pieces that you do, &amp; I'm falling more in love with them all the time 
Its raining &amp; its 1/2 hour till roast time, perfect 
@quarrygirl and great recap!!  man i wish i would have seen the corndogs...been a looooooonnng time 
@CarinaK that is truly funny &amp; sad at the same time 
 icant stop smiling! Especially thinking of the time we ran to the train...
Just been emailed by someone I've unfollowed asking why. That is *weird*. If I unfollow you, please don't do that  It's just a time thing!
Finished up sweeping my room just in time to go see the graduates! Congrats to all of you! 
rightt time for the bitch of radio 1 
@dts1970 had a lovely time 
@simonrim sounds like it's time to put you foot up 
@lilyandrea Though lately I've spent more time trying to get the milk into the cat heads. 
@charita1  As long as you can listen to the preaching at the same time 
It's off to the park for some quiet time, writing, and meditation. 
@mcrfash1 same here, the alone time let's you be yourself and not fear judgement, it stops you from conforming!!  yay alone time!!
@jdawg1958 ~ this is definitely a waste of time.  
doing nothing... Relaxing till it's time to cook dinner 
...time to make bridal dresses outta toilet paper! Whoohoo 
Is looking forward to some special down time with pie chips &amp; gravy  
@nwphotographer just noticed this now...maybe next time?!  Sounds fun!
@jessyp0081 i will NOT update my status all the time. just look at bands' statuses. 
@mikewgossett enjoy! I always have a great time at the zoo... 
great service at highlands!  its time to focus..and right now my focus is @laurawesley over lunch!
my ears are bored. time to gauge up? i think so 
@rod76 any time 
Were right at the top again! I think i will take more care with picking the seats next time i book anything  x
At home, time to do some stuff in my secret project 
@worldslegacy2 what song is your all time fav?  , I see your reaction a few songs later  
@claudiamcfly i can never be bothered and anyway i'm revising for other things now which takes up my time. 
25 more mins till game time   
good times @ siler diner..now its nap time!..yaaaay! 
good times @ silver diner..now its nap time!..yaaaay! 
Checking out the new place again. Taking a measuring tape this time 
had grass fed (veal) liver for the first time in my life! nottt my favorite, but it's good for me next time i'll hide it in a beef burger 
@CoreyJennings my house! you should have been there it was a fun time 
Just booked my flight back to L.A. for this upcoming wknd. This time more business than pleasure. 
shoe shopping time, bye 
@JaxLicurse well you better take some time...enjoy it 
is so freakin bored....even with all to do i need a time out to have fun....or at least a drink lls 
@dtcnunes I agree, it's not mistakes, it's getting mature  The real problem is that you control your own down time, but not from others!
@thedanikaholmes yup I was there. they are my all-time favorite band 
okay, time to do homework now. 
@chasebenz hey chase are you enjoying your time off?! i bet you are. excited for the next leg? hope you are enjoying yourself 
listening to all time low...figuring out some drum parts 
after I make a few phone calls, time for cuddle time and rest for my first day of work  l8r tweeters!
I'm going to spend some quality time with my boyfriend! 
@Reinachango have a save flight a great time in downunder 
@JonathanRKnight I hope and pray you guys do it again, so next time I can be there! 
ahh..infomercial time  seriously....i NEED the magic bullet!:|
@ryls23 what time u think u'll finish? I'll pick u up 
@SuperwomanAK love your music! &quot;tell me something&quot;is my all time fav!  helped get me threw a hard time..
i have no interest in pursuing any romantic relationships.. zip, zero.. don't call me cynical or bitter either.. its just me time!! 
It's a funny thing what love does to people, and most don't evem know..bed time 
@marston same. had a great time at the @mgris house with @arjunsethi @thebentarrow @janerri @gregarious.. and our flat tire incident. 
Also had a great time talking loudly and making the neighbors angry. 
@tnsSG do remember to spare time for lunch though 
@catirah if u had enough time to take that picture then u also had time to record them &amp; make it a youtube video, i would've uploaded it 
@Kimelliie: good luck with those exams!! You can do it! *cheers* Next time we'll meet, I'll make some more cupcakes 
Wow, I think I want a concierge everywhere I go! Having them hail a cab for me at any specific time I ask for is nice 
Home time  ballet lesson to begin whoo hoo!
-Definetely decided to take some time off school .. catch up on things also time to think ! 
@meerasudhakar hello  long time.. tried calling you.. realized the number i have is not the right one 
time for my second double espresso!! 
picked up her empty passport today.. time to start filling up all that empty space 
Sometimes dreams are better than reality.. but not all the time 
@TinaFarrisTours tina, time to shake those blues.  it's tiring isn't it.  U are amazing, i know.  look deeper.  shake it off.  it's time 
My inspiration is YOU. Just got a blast of positivity....time to roll with it~!  It's a blessing in disguise that we haven't met yet!
is going to start living life without regrets. It's time to make up for lost time! I'm only 22... I forget 
It would be great if anyone has the time to follow/welcome my brother @jacknankivell to the twitterverse 
heyyy check what time im up. early bird catches the worm and all that. wish me luck in my critical thinking exam 
@MadamSalami all 3 at the same time :/ ill have an ear looking like a beetroot!! i think you should get your ears done  get scafolding 
After 9.5 hours sleep time to go to work and earn a living, I think the puppy is pissed I didn`t get up and let her out to play earlier 
time to spin a few tunes  
@Littlebitofmoni I am well thank you - I hope you are great as well! - what time is it with you?? 
time 2 rest.. 
just got ready, going to a meeting thing, its been some time and its a new person! Shouldnt care it got me outta pe and chemistry 
@ukdivorce Yes, great, was good to get fully back organised after my trip, &amp; spent some time breathing in the highland air 
@WTFJAY night hope you get more rest this time 
best friends, time to go our separate ways   - momentum E is dominating...
Almost time for desperate housewives 
@knittingneels haha, sorry about the cats, but glad to hear you will have more time for practise  You have been working yrself like mad!
@Jeremyscott002 i remeber the first time i heard that song, i listened to it over and over  and i still cant get enough of it.
last time i did skipping, i did it for an hour straight and i badly pulled a muscle in my leg, which uhh, really hurt. 
I had 2 (3 if time) things to do tonight- have done 1 already. 
@oliveshoot are you spending 2 much time at the screen? maybe you have the twiiter addiction and stay away 
@cameraboy56 aww well im sure your time will come round again soon 
@eriknordin I've used www.ajaxload.info many a time! 
@jasimmo sounds like you had a great time!  Pleased you had fun! X
@jayxtreme I went fishing once, got totally bored, and didn't understand why we had to throw the fish back, I was around 8 at the time 
going to look for waallpaper, then quality time with a good friend 
@wildbutterfly I'd go for the good book every time! 
@wo0 Ah cool sounds good, I'll keep alert for next time... 
@fnfadzil but i know you can do it.. you always do awesome in spite of the time constraint 
time for school.. i hope it could be a nice day ! xd good luck, kisses 
@HypnoticYogi great weekend got quality time with the family and plenty of gaming LOL 
@gpok sorry, I haven't had a chance to look at all yet.  The curse of working full-time.  It will be slow moving, i'm afraid 
@nakulshenoy next time buy one with unlimited miles offer 
@brentblack You have committment issues!! If you watch your shows on time,  they wont be spoiled 
@natalieloves haha, school is almost all the time boring xD yes, only one hour to go! 
Drinking my coffee, watching the news, playing on the computer-all at the same time!  I am so multi-tasking!  
hi everyone, i'm off to my 5 day vacation..  YIPEEEEEEEEEEE!! see you next time 
just woke up! first lie in ive had in a longggg time 
@martharotter Yes, I bought the book. I just found it amusing at the time, now I'd probably get him fired. 
as I said already I do not have so much free time - so maybe I will find here the fun I'm looking 4 
@meatbag lol. seriously, thank you for suggestion and taking time to think about me - you're officially added to my 'nice person' list 
@Jna1985 I went to an awesome gig and had a great time 
in geography can't remember the last time i did work... 
@emilyelectric0 emilyy  long time no talk. how are youu?x
@kgleeson nice  You'll be smooth as an androids bottom in no time :p
Dutch exam: done!  Now time for a little bit of relaxing, before I start studying again
it's about damn time that I got rid of the extra *bullshit* baggage!! 
@TwilightNewsMan sorry for last time, I understand now,you can't be a bad boy because I have Indian blood and i'm not bad 
@jlamshed = in my spare time! 
@slim6613 Any time you move your body it's a positive thing. I wanted to keep the tips about food. 
nobody noticed...back in time 
@ikki_oo  ... although, as she was the one wielding the evil needle, spent most of time trying to look anywhere except at her ! x x
@dstridsberg  7200 fonts, hope that won't affect start-up time like on windows 
@mattHoneywill enjoy your time at the opticians lol  ly x x x
@StephenClinton I have at one time seen the ad, maybe if I sell a few I could look at the program more. 
I actually made it to toastmasters w/out any issues this time! So glad I went - soon it'll be me up in front of an audience... scary 
@yorudan on the up side it gives me more time to work on my writing 
I might go to bed really tired anyway night this time i didnt forgot yay 
time for a shower now  
@brucehoult I'm usually the one who keeps track of what time my friends tweet, often it is the ones overseas... 
hating working full time and going to school. I'm way too lazy for that, dang it!! 
@drkiki It's just that west coast time is late.  Makes it so much easier for me to do early morning photography out west. 
@Upstatemomof3 lol....yes well I always feel relieved when they can be paid on time and still leave some $ left in our account.  
hey hi guys .. how u doing? .. i m at home now after a long time ,.... 
@jordanknight lol! I am soooo there its not even funny!!!!!  I promise u its the last time I missed the boat!
@MegsAndTheCity I had a great time, thank you! 
Doing what I do best...procrastinating everything!!!  Giving myself....just a bit more quiet time before getting started!  
@Mrmichaelnewton well he is forks best , you should be ready to go climbing again in no time  has the caffine kicked in yet?
bed time - magazines and scratchiessss 
class time. and i found the coolest pen ever! 
@appuonline Now should be the best time 4 u.. with the stock marketing skyrocketing.. 
heading out for another run / walk. Hopefully when I get back the ceiling wont be moving this time. 
I feel like a little girl with a crush! Havnt felt like this in a loooonnnggg time 
is hoping to sort things out w/the couple.  they are amazingly hott &amp; worth it, just need to make time to play 
To be honest, the book problem is my fault.  Mostly.  And I have taken some time off this weekend so I can't feel too sorry for myself. 
@Venfort the prom! no doubt about that! much better time and place! 
@avasiare Thanks! It's time, finally, uh, knock on wood. 
@SkittleMittens Take your time my dear. I shall be waiting for you.  mwah!
@almtalkies yup  just thought it was related to the film  i'd like to make a film in a short time, the time it takes to dance a tango 
yaay! the meeting went well and jake helped us with the coding after that. soo, now we have done something  food time now!
time for more coffee, successfully got the revised version of chapter 2 all typed neatly, i'm kind of proud of myself 
I thinking about all the things I want to do and realize I need more time...or give up sleep 
@JackJaffee I had a feeling I was too slow. Ah well, next time. 
watching pulp fiction for the 1000th time 
Since my return I have beat all time record for wedding bookings! Lots of love all around. 
@usofshavonne girl, it's been a long time coming...so many detours and alternate routes....whew! 
@pliadesigns oh girlie...it took me a long time...almost 10 years out here to finally find one who actually cares about my hair! 
@astelter Me too  Also there's low traffic on the autobahn at that time. One of the most annoying time killer for me is traffic jam!
baking cookies  haven't baked in a long time lol
@CathySavels u cant paint all the time.  u need to find the  time to relax and have fun, through shopping for example ;)
@appleey it was warm (literally!) &amp; cozy. zsofi has a very chillout ambience. join us next time? 
@gemga We'll have to do something another time 
G'night @AdriannaNicole &amp; @SinnamonLove! and all the rest of my worldwide tweeps that live in weird time zones that aren't same as mine!! 
its play time 
adventures ensue (sorta) with @jomiejomes, @pageturnerako, @sarahrosex3, and @rizaanne! ate 7 pizzas.. now for some much needed down-time 
@lukeayresryan ahh the joys of peep show  successfully taking over all the time i put aside to work..
@YunRoo my part-time pa, part-time, sales girl, part-time skyper, part-time skyver partner, full time friend..... 
@plainlyphyra aww.. didnt get to tweet with you.. goodnight (or morning/afternoon there).. ill catch you next time (soon!)  tca *hugs*
thinks its time to snuggle up  the rain looks like it is here to stay
@KarenPfeffer bribes are good, works almost every time 
@JayKeyzie808 and ive been waiting alll this time right in front of the computer!!! 
@brockhealthy the 90 min feels great when you are done but sometimes I run out of time (or desire) 
@stevebridger hahahha... good one  - too much time on me hands. that should change now, cpl of clients on board 
I'm back  I enjoy analysing poker situations too damn much to just quit for a long time..
@Elizaaatje have a good time, wish I was with you 
hope can have more time 4 myself  
Is it time for a total career change? Should I try my luck at something else? In the mean time gisajob 
@pleasefindthis I like your writings. very inspirational. I feel very good every time I read them 
Finally home from the #liferay ecuc. It was awesome meeting everyone. Now time to collapse into bed 
Cuddlin' with the pup. I don't remember the last time he fell asleep in my arms like this 
Using music to distracte my thoughts... time will go by faster and then we will be there 
its roll n sausage time 
Using my desktop and laptop at the same time.  Does anyone else do that, or is it just me?
@chriskeene I'm sure she'll have a lovely time chatting to you.Hopefully she won't confuse suppositories with repositories 
It's that time again! #followfriday @edie78 @ninaspringle @eternalmagpie @yourwildchild @wildelycreative @helpsavebees &amp; @jemimakiss 
@stephenfry time to relax then stephen and gather your thoughts 
@qmcc001 hey thanks! u should come down to melbourne then! it's the best time - plus u can chck out other mwf stuff. 
time to buy something, and enjoy the free day 
@ExtremelyRich But an entrepreneur does his best all the time?? lol  How 'bout a professional entrepreneur? 
@TheBackpackr the amount of tweets however could also indicate the amount of free time you have 
@laolitan lol  Unfortunately no, but they did catch me through a window doing some housework. I'll be sure to do that next time though! ;)
@wynlim just amazing! They know No concept of time, obviously 
completed to do list with plenty of time before 12.30pm finish 
back from soccer won 4-2  @courtskies im never late you know that.. what time meet outside on the steps? x
Lunch time again... Then just two more lessons until half-tern!! 
listening to 'music' radio for the first time in *ages* - go go bbc radio6  #GothDay
Owing to this evil time, I am going to sleep again guys! Up to later... 
had a shower and now it's time for Kuroshitsuji! 
i'm having a small time with my computer before going to work.. today is our training finals. good luck to my colleagues 
@kairin you are most clumsy then! wear finger condoms next time for protection 
Everythings getting quite exciting here, time is ticking but it can all be sorted 
Still hungry, time for more crumpets 
wakey wakeey . cofffeee time 
finaly got some time to work on my site  just 6 more days until #berghslive start broadcasting!! cant wait.
@SandiMon I bet they were delicious  .. .. next time make yourself a margarita or .. even better .. sangria ...
@samvarnham haha, its my second. its better this time  earlier her status was saying about replying and loves reading the letters 
@YoungTee32 I hate getting up at that time. 7.30 is early enough for me  http://bit.ly/tRlNE
@isilwath No worries - I knew you'd see it when you had the time - had to comment on it when I saw it or I would've forgot to do it. 
But time to go back to bed since boy just left. 
@TiaMaria8 haha alright, sounds good! We will do it another time 
Just waiting at garage. 15 mins before i kick off for them being incompotent time wasters - tho i'd rather not have too 
@volunteeringwa thank you for the drinks and each time I see you all it is humbling - just really happy Eduka &amp; I can help where we can 
@HippieCoach yes, very exciting! I'm going to start on 6/1 so I have time to get everything I need and be prepared  thanks!
@thehoosiersuk lol I have strange dreams like all the time  xx
awww man.... had the best time ever  yay!!!!!!!!!!! xx
had a dandy time at the movies 
@DavidArchie and ooh ,, i hope this won't be the last time you'll visit our country ..  take care !
waaatching  loading takes lot of time x(
tiyan hurts. time for emergency chunky! 
that was my first FFshout.  next time will be the fellas 
Just went to an organization to volunteer my time, and I really do believe I chose the right group for me. 
@ericshaver Haha!  I remember that...shame and social pressure works every time.  
spent time with the new guy last night  (finally!)
@eftwithlinda  got your message a bit late....but it's looking good. I'll have the whole place ship shape in no time.... what fun 
@rosemary I like the second suggestion  Although not may lifesavers at this time of night 
@Sweetness724 I'm only a phonecall away all the time 
@marketseed yay! I have common sense! cool! all this time thinking that i lost it somewhere! hehe.. thanks! 
taking my sweet ass time doing everything at work today. maybe time will go by faster this way...here's hoping 
had an amazing time. my boyfriend is amazing 
She made that face. French time baby text me 
@thepetnet he got over it pretty quickly  his expanded ego may take more time to deflate however ;)
@bethrosen I was impressed!  I have a hard time restraining my spending on vacations!  def. send him that link! 
@barrettrichards That's the risk of living in the age of real time social media. For the service provider I mean. Who is (s)he? 
@stonesimon haha sorry just did who had posted at the time....i would have put you in though 
Things are the best they've been in a long long time 
@tmcgaugh T$ - you used that excuse last year   @TouroLawCSO sounds like I slipped out of the honors banquet at just the right time
@ctayah you are impatient. I totally had you. I can only tweet so much at one time, kind sir 
@dealarchitect press the update button a few times and it gets hot in no time  welcome to twitter.
@swannny Have a fab time 
@bcassell13 third time is a charm 
@LindaObele i guess its time to go shopping for a whole new set, then 
@puttistry I probably got more roll than normal, but I was just striping it.  It probably won't happen next time 
@cloud79 lmaoo, good one  i don't think ull get that song out of her head any time soon 
@winechapesse I know! all of this is a time suck for sure. Honestly it will pay off in the long run. welome to twitter!!! 
@CrimsonRage good thing I was only about 12 at the time right 
@TommyXtopher A-1 on burgers every now and then.  Not every time.  That'd be pretentious.  
What a beautiful workout...shower time 
Thanks @89cubs I will check into a train next time. It's better for the environment too!  
@jumpman85 LOl! damn I was watching television trying to type at the same time. I meant you already know! cause you do 
@shouman ok, let's stop this here.. time will say ;) projector ready.. you guys are invited 
robot chicken marathon? lets see how far I go till I fall asleep. had a fun time earlier today 
time to sleep...  night everybody!!
nappy time, then hustla time  haha.
That was just a fab time! 
glad to be home wiped out from camping..had a good time tho 
I hope my color turns out bright this time! 
turning on the aircondition....blizzard mode time! 
good quality time w/ boss 
breakfast time ... see you later! 
@bebangrulona lucky you! still cant find the time to do that. 
It's only a matter of time 
@CharlotteQuant this is the first time i have wrote on here! wow  i will do soon, keep your knickers on
human dynamics is a waste of time 
@ddlovato this time ... I'll buy your new album 
Nothing's better than a message in time. Not to early and not to late. 
time to sign off.....peace everyone! have an amazing night and sweet dreams 
had a great time with friends tonight followed by a great time spent with my family....now I'm tired and off to bed soon!! 
@taraschwarze twas my first time *blush* You're all fun and entertaining and make my solo office bearable 
@drvthru no worries we are also doing it next friday same place same time as well  
Finally got the time for sunbathing...pheeww! 
@ltizz I do that every time I use the bathroom 
@ScarlettHarlott we'll be there too!!  what time is everyone getting there?
@MaggiDear well just let me know next time ;) I try to hang in the areas where I know the staff but I'm willin to travel 
@TehKimber yep, got that one  man I used to watch that show all the time.
@KennethErickson yes! it was so good to see you again. till next time and hope that it comes soon! proper catch up 
I had the most fun tonight than I've had in a long time, it seems. Not too much tension. And no drinking. 
Just finished my letter to my senior self. bittersweet. left myself 10 bucks though!  time for bed
nice coffee time with the pinoys... 
@stormewg i am now...  long time no talk..
@sinstral_pride Depends on when you're talking of walking, for me at least. I want to have time to dedicate to a cause. 
@leilaniborbon great thing you had a great time.. 
@morfinrider nice. So next time I visit you and @indrajitpal I'll check in blue frog first 
@m_callahan omgsh me too! I graduate less than a month from now.. I'm excited but not at the same time. Congrats btw 
spending time with the girl 
sometimes things work out even better than you think they might.  sleeeeep time.
coffee time 
 1 whole year single... every time i think about what if i was still in the choke hole a take a sigh of relief and think of something else
Yay! I'm done with my paper on @j7mwah! Now, to shower and finish my midterm presentation. Then sleeeepy time. 
@chevex sweet. I joined at the right time. 
thinks its time for some sleep 
Whomever I choose to hire to be my passenger on these long drives has 1 requirement- finger me the whole time. Now accepting applications 
@BrodyJenner you... might get lost haha.. it will be confusing the first time.. but its cool 
sleeeepy. but finishing english homework. had a great time at the pool. good catching up 
@a4aspie i will totally promote your show too!! i'll probably be calling in to bug you guys from time to time  lol
bed time  got things to do in the morningg
@UmAlawi @orangeflowers robbed me of my me time 
@LADYoftheDARK dang you are srsly my hero.  thank you so much for taking the time and doing this &lt;333
it is bed time loves 
@tenelilli I know! This is one of my all-time faves. 
Thinking of coming along so it may be a fun time for all 
@joobs Font size you are right, but the client is always right, so we had to go with his decision this time. 
in my trackieesss. time to light some candles  
everyone in my house would still be awake. sleeeeep time 
#assassinate is also trending because #spymaster lets you assassinate time 
just got home.. sex&amp;the city was like 10x better the 2nd time around. lol i cried like 7 times haha 
YES. Bed time. 
@textualoffender I realised that the first time I saw your long hair. 
As fars radios concerned I think I did consideribly better this time!  whtsay @harisn n no I didn't say liberal @ammaryasir
okay soo much rain time to study science 
@dkdesigns that's how i feel!  it's a bummer b/c i like being creative, just no time though - if only i didn't have a day job too {sigh} 
time 4 another cigarette. trying to speed up the onset of lung cancer so i can die sooner lol. i cant wait 
That was the first time that I got the mystery word(s) from the audioboo 
Possibly the most important part of a trainers life is just 8 hours away - vacation/holiday/time off  #trdev #fb
oooooooooh final exams were ended. books time, bass guitar time, holiday time, see-sand-sun time... 
@JHSty  i will have to check it out another time...thank u 
Just found myself wondering if @jackalopekid has time for other things as often as he tweets 
lost track of time... didnt know how late it was.... slavin once again tomorrow. i should rest up... right after i get my food 
There is no better time than now to to buy and sell online  of course we reccomend our website
Cakephp book is here, sat on my desk, time to get reading 
@peterelst  you're right, but it's very nice way which save time  and that's important 
footy time biatches  go the panthers!!!!
p.s. did i tell you that we have the album title?? The day we ran into the sea.   ...aahh well, time for work.
@arnie1985 take care and don't spend tooooooooooooo much of time before your comp or laps 
@simonapps Everything takes time to load today, I could do the climb quicker 
