Most common words for this cluster:
[('time', 2518), ('na', 162), ('im', 158), ('lol', 134), ('u', 128), ('oh', 124), ('yeah', 75), ('ok', 65), ('haha', 61), ('http', 60), ('com', 55), ('amp', 54)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'time', 0.7411385178565979), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.6934782862663269), (u'@_kiranchetrycnn_@', 0.6766451597213745), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.6721128821372986), (u'I\u0101', 0.6686621308326721), (u'SheldenWilliams_@', 0.6660569906234741), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.6625617146492004), (u'jennajameson_@', 0.6582701802253723), (u'ANDY_RODDICK_Yeah', 0.6553351283073425), (u'ROBERT_BLAGOJEVICH', 0.6530296802520752)]





omg. my mouth is in so much pain  i just wanna sleep untill its time to take my braces off.
good morning everybody! pkoi y fais pas beau  bon coffee time!
Who turned the lights on? It will be time to get ip then 
@siddharth_ind yeah i do. i have an application that runs every few minutes to do that but its the add-ons. they conflict all the time 
@anyshalyke oh you went clubbing without me   lol next time we can do it together
@Ainz_dj mate what time you gettin there? not gonna be able to hang around for the late bit  but comin down to support you fo sho
@RonJeffries I'd love to hire you again too, it was tons of fun last time. I don't do the budget tho. Or the hiring 
try to use skimmer by fallon for the first time... like the overwiev and style, would be cool ig you could browse the photos 
@foilly oh no! that's a shame  you'll have to find them the next time tim passes through. or organise a sydney feeter convention.
cant wait for easter, but then after that, it will be study time 
bleach on my hair for the third time in four days ho hummm. got to go out later to post the gazillion things ive sold too bad 
aaa migraine  poo k time to go to school i slept in  buaaa hate tuesdays 8-8 =(
@squink new cap and shaken for a long time, sometimes when spraying lots they catch wet bits on the nozzle and spit slightly,it's life  ha
@alex_mack   yea the time gods can be cruel bastards sometimes
I'm having such a hard time dealing with everything  I can't help but think about her alot :/ I wonder how shes handling this. Is she  ...
had a great time on my birthday but my phone went overboard... so thats one bummer.. and my sunglasses.. 
Feels bummed out.. But had a good time with alec. And misses his girl more than anything. 
i forgot the other L but yeah no cobra or all time low if i dont get this grade up 
@iGrace I don't have anything in my paypal now. sent all to @hardik last time and i'm kangal 
@tojoha1 lol, well my sis scearmt every time! but we did that run yesterday and her nie hurts still and i wnat 2 scear her and he fell! 
@Lizinhollywood is there anywhere else to watch 'my first time driving' not on logo? it won't play in canada because of copyright issues 
@elliotminor : no tour to little barrow this time? the canteen will miss ya  good luck guys xx
ok i'm not feeling great the thought of a weekend alone yet again for the 98379837307738978millionth time isnt appealing to me  breakdown
@avamir lmao damn have you done the other one yet? i got up at 7am to work, where did all the time go 
Is sad bc it's raining and it's just taking time away from spending time with my baby, all bc I can't drive in this stupid weather! 
@DoNotDisconnect  you pirate. every time you do that, a kitten dies horribly. also, cd quality &gt; mp3
ewww work time yay mid nuit 
FUUUCCK i have over 100 pages to read for a class....aghhh and most of the time i have no clue whats happening when i do read for it. 
@naystcb  I dunno if I'm gonna make it up there this time ... How's the vaca so far?
@DawnRichard I wanna go back in time and..... tell my only grandma I got to know how much I love her and give her a final goodbye. 
havin those breathin problems again....think its time for a doctor this time 
@mileycyrus hope you have a fab time in uk miley!!!!! i wish we could meet up! 
mary just left  gotta move out of fierce's tonight and into grahams. then prolly bed time
@paulinacolada dude all time low had an acoustic show by the galleria area. and i couldnt go  my timing sucks like crap.
is finally getting up. so hungry..  shower time! then to start this dammit assignment that's due in 10hrs :S
@aero252 I was actually referring to all time low, I really don't know whats going on in texas  I wish I did...I wish I was still there.
@nick_carter say hi to sissy kiss for iaaa is bed time on manday i come back to school  have fun  sissiy and nicky xD kiss from mexico!
says So many things to do, So little time!  http://plurk.com/p/oy7sc
i need more time for my tests!!!!!! (poor maddy  all the paparazzis must be ashamed!!!)
i think shes mad cause everybdy got opportunity to get the D except her 
last sunday roast for a long time 
@tommcfly eh, are yous cooming back to oz sooon? cus i didnt get to see yous play last time cus i was grounded.        plss come back =] x
bed time....think im getting sick...no fun 
I wake up to early  chocolate chip pancake time, yeah?
@hannah106 omg kill me.  lol. I wish they had invented a time machine so I could go back and actually learn shit the past 10 years!
still need to clean up the crib!  dont feel like it! but I had a effn gud time yesterday!
@BananasMel it's a waste of time cos I lived with someone who never cared of me   how sad even if I don't ask not too much but nothin'
have a big time crush on taylor swift but she wont notice me that makes me real sad.....  
@leeprovoost that will take me more time  btw are you used last 6 mnths
oh god watched the sequal i'll never get that time back  my eyes they bleed, wil this cold go away already??
havent updated this thing in some time 
jus woke up...time 2 do sum homework...yuck 
@DramaBeats ughh ur killing me drama. u get on when its 4 am my time.  and when i stay up u dont get on : [
missed being in vegas at the same time as perez by 2 days  bummmerrr
@suzieahn will report back on the dried vs fresh fig question. won't have time to cook again till later in the week tho. 
bday over and now it's time 2 pack. 
had her baking turn out gross  the only time thats ever happened!
attempting to read harry potter and half blood prince again.. i got to da middle of chapter 5 last time... so hard since twilight! 
@drummerg217 yeah i hate morning classess  but like time to do stuff at night
@EmilyB_  next time boo! whats up wit u? y u up?
never did get to see that britney concert wawawa oh well mayb next time 
@crauds unless there's a cold snap any time soon, i probs can't wear my pimpin' coat. 
off to the sticks for party time...oh the joy of being sober... 
@thehillybilly yes we shall, cry in pain &amp;+ at that time mr wikky will hate me so much. 
@sammi_jade nahh she failed, she should pass next time tho, and i dont thik ill be bale to afford london or get the time off  hows you xx
back aftr anothr gruellin day of classes  time to rlax yippee,by d way that slumdog grl  is actually frm a slum u knw.same fr the boys too
At school  damn how can I have seen two of the bitches I hate at the same fucking time
All moving back in now.  still don't know whats happened. Its also lunch time!
@swinginyoyo hahahha. oh, me too  what time are you going to pru's tonight?
george is so great, but at the same time not so great 
stupid flyers!!! flyers won 6-3 sorry pens.  better luck next time? u pens betta whoop der @$$'s next time
trying out tweetie for mac, for the first time.  didn't know it wasn't going to be free... 
back in sheffield - but no time to enjoy the sunshinnneeee!  booieo
@sharita_rita lmao! I kNO right! But they were the only dressy shoes I had at my moms and I didn't have time to stop at school 
@Adaripp um ya so i basically didnt even rotate it haha  owell next time haha
@easmart i hate time difference, this epicness sounds amazing,  see you on friday 
@bartandlife i read slow too  thats sad! but i gotta read slow cuz i cant read the shit twice that's torture! so i get it in one time.
bubble bath time, i feel like shyte 
@jordanknight what time is it on ur island? everytime u tweets i'm out.. thats sad! 
@charlestrippy its a horrible time to be a sox fan! 
I don't think we are gonna make it back in time for church on sunday and that makes me sad 
@Aureliuss haha yeah i did cry at that but that was wayyyyy later, i used to be a hardass now i cry all the time 
@HANNAHBANANA25  oh plz, i was drinking until 10 one time! morning too! [12hr straight! lmao] 
@lookspainful  next time you gotta come play.
@selenagomez Every time I try to watch it it says it had to be removed from youtube..did it get leaked to early or something? 
 they're still falling. Its so ez for u n it'll pass in no time. For me its 4ever idk if u kno or even understand how I'm feelin rite now
Wow really don't feel well  never drinking again..hmm I say that all the time
So ya i'm single. But i still love her and ple loves me. Its just bad time 
@blac_boi ive tried to but he hasnt responded back...ima jus give it sum time...if not...i knew it was too good to b true 
@vicicasas what time is the thing again? should i get out of bed na? 
@charmaineadrina me too mama!!!  imy guys.. next time tho forresuree
super tired. all that time and barely did any hw.... i'm a lagger 
now that she iis finally off it it's time for my snuggle and curl positon tom i will send out follows since i missed follow friday! 
kkr sux big time, dnt have a team to chear 4 
boah, the second time today now that my macbook pro decided on its own to make a restart  wtf is going on here? getting evil
@howlingeverett @simultech nah don't have time machine or interwebs to get app... *restarts a few assignments 
Almost time to go home... work sux. 
@ezdee awwwww.  keshian onyii. get well soon ezdeeeeee, just in time for next friday ok. hehe
ohh i just remembered that some fool was playing my guitar hero at christmas time and accidently deleted all my stuff  it hurts
@horseygurl13 cool we had really no snow and the one time we had a lot was when i was in florida with my grandma!!!!!!! 
hmn i mis him   im xo tired xo i guess il be able to get my sleep jez after an hour ov thinkin bout him . quit a short time so bye fellas
theres never a right time to say goodbye 
@tequilasam too long till that time  not good that I'm wishing saturday away!
time to start studying for my ap statistics exam on tuesday....  
@IndpndntMogul awww, it's ok, give him some time, he'll come around...I need to hang wit my lil cousins more 
Oh my word. This is really not the time to need a pee! 
@MAbrowneyes reg.  I had a hard time gettin on the site n missd vip  so upset but I'll still b there so its all good.
showa time, i am beat  blahhhh im tiredd
@camelgal bus stalking was not worth it this time, no one came out  oh well i tried!  looks like rain 4 nyc won't be much better! lol
@kimmiecakes there are a couple along 1st ave, but last time, it took $10 to $20 to get in 
i broke my ipod  for real this time..
i wish i was at bamboozle  i would die if i met all time low lmao
@youngshay ill make it look smooth tho :O what size fitted do you wear? i see alot of them on sale all the time in sizes i cant fit 
@annie_etc   What time we on for tomorrow? 11?
Last stop 4 da nite, PoleKats! Uggggh man, I'm not excited at all! Didnt hv a very good experience last time I went, I jus want my bed!! 
time to go look at vintage shit on ebay that i'm never going to buy 
finally in my own bed. time for some Z's! wish I coulda stayed at corey's 
@emilbia i miss you crazy bitch  every time i hear boom boom pow, which is a lot, i think of ryder lmfao
@digitalm1ckey AWWW it didnt get tweeted to me in time so my settings cut it off ! but awe tonight was a fail.  thanks tho!
@JediRyan7 lol. mrs picker never gave us a card  i remember how serious the pen license seemed at the time though lol
R1 awful now for the knockout  outclassed I'm afraid time for #hatton to retire?
@rijarei i've seen that too... long time ago, i was begging zak to watch it... but he didnt 
is working on a second consecutive sunday  .. and this; after a loong loong time 
@the_zac_efron I was online yesterday right at 6 my time(fla) so 3 ur time and waited till 630..  sad I missed you!
cant believe we laid in bed until 11! what a waste of time. I'm going to have to storm through the erythrocyte metabolon and lipid rafts! 
omg online!!! i hate dell  to think i wanted one all this time watch wat u ask for :/
@xoCAZZA lmfao nah that would be impossible as would get timed out all the time lol  uva wise i cld probe do it lol
bah, time to get some ironing done 
sunday already  time flies when your having fun!!
it felt like I was drowning the whole time  But at leat it's over for now
is going back to work in 3 weeks. troi oi! see what i do for a damn car? shower time, then off to study    gonna be one long shower...
@effinsick i can't my mom only brought back some  next time lah!
wow the suns out  but i'm stuck inside revising.. urgh.. cereal time!
boa k0shanyy!!  afta a long time.
@torilovesbradie yep. perth sucks. no one comes here. no all time low. no short stack. no underage bmth i wanna cry 
@DePasta the only time im going to talk to u now will be on the internet 
@UlrikaE  wow  poor david didn't even get there in time
eff eff eff. don't know how to do datastr, no time, must study now i guess. this weekend has been one huge epic fail homework wise 
aw manny pacquiao was on the trending topics for so short a time... like 3 hours. now it's back to swine flu and jonas brothers. 
@sponer21 No SHIT!! I'm always up early...my fave time of day to get stuff done on wknds...no one to bug me...but yes @ old 
@michaelwhite1  you should get a mac and continue being awesome. time will help
@askmo24 lol! too bad quiet time is over   what you gonna make for dinner though?
Ah time to put the phone down... gotta drive again  bbl
nom nom nom breakfast time...oh wait its lunchtime 
@Skamperdans lol it sad turning older.  I didn't have a prob turning 27 but this time I am. lol
@natalinax whoops! sorry tweetdeck freezes all the time. but yeah i don't have a pic 
@epiphanygirl I missed ur performance in ny  hopefully We can catch ur show the next time!
@mickayyyla dont eww my haupia  its great! HAHA but yes text me when you can no need to rush. @ddubz i meant take your time
@volcomm yes but for like th 10,000 time it is not up yet 
@SheilaGregoire since my hubby snores, most of the time, it doesn't bother me 
@scicheer congrats! sounds like an amazing and informative time http://tinyurl.com/d6rej8   I'd go to meet authors, but can't 
@niallok yep  but time for rounds now 
@jasonjoo The last time I tried donating to you I wasn't able to write it off on my taxes  no fair you get like 450 different ani cons lol
@Emaculate12and3 lol is okay one time i went to a club dis dude took my purse 
@clarinetjabber oh ight, I feel u. So u had to take time off from school I take it. That sucks 
@panacea81 ohh, nice  i'm cuorious. now it's time for me to sleep, school in 8 hours  nighy nigh, talk 2 you soon 
@ghawi ha. I wish that was the case. I never have time for a good film anymore 
@sarah_alford I can't either...and I'm not even going to the beach...  I should've found a boyfriend in time!
@freezii i will never be ready hahah.. but its something i have to do  but its okey my hair will grow in no time.
fack.  study hard time for chinese.  and it's so hotttt 
is giving him ONE more chance... He betta not eff up thos time.... On another note: Another night of studying... what a drag 
so sad to go  back back to philly philly in the am...until next time dnc crew... edi teddy... and such!
@riangrageda yes  and sucks big time! ugggh! x(((
dang, no doubt tix are already sold out on 1iota, looks like no re-selling for me this time  lol
don't have time or access to trade atm  #forex
so my laptop died when i was about to play sims 2  but good thing its getting fix, for like the 3 time gr, new pics of me soon. good night
its time to workout, im sooooooooooo tired and soooooo not in the mood  i need to push myself !!
@Cherryflava yeh its pretty bad, especially the action poses every time he walks into a room 
@NattyMcElls Its that whole 3 hr time difference thing lol, sorry 
@RealJessicaAlba jessica your so beautiful! do you know if there will be a dark angel movie any time soon? miss it!  x
Is that the time? I'm gonna have to go soon!! this sucks big time  my bed is too comfy lol
i'm pretty freakin hungry right now...time to grab some breakfast. just pulled an allnighter finishin up on schoolwork 
Every time I sneeze in tesco I get dirty looks 
@remmulpaidualc should have  what time issit? reckon we could still get in or not?  hmm where the hell is good these days?! 
@pennyxlane im so sorry  i promise next time i want you to watch a movie i'll tell you a little bit about it first 
 didn't realize moroco is closed mondays (though i should have)....some other time i guess. *sigh*
@delustre nah i havent had the chance. lifes suddenly gotten rather busy  hopefully once the semester is over i can go
@JuicyGlambert *jumps in your arms* WEEEE!!!  I had to work this weekend sweetie  All I have time to do is work and sleep &gt;.&lt;
Its that wonderful time of the day when my webhost decides that eh, it doesn't need to work so much.  
@amsical no no manc this time 
@RockBandAide hehe, yep. I fail at 85/86% every single time. A shame. 
just worked out for the first time in 10 years - feel like im about 2 throw up 
@mcherrywv Yes I know  as my school reports would say 'must do much better' Ah well, just in time huh  http://myloc.me/tHq
at hollywood bowl. didn't get anything this time  and its cold... waiting for concert to start.
@debbie_ann77 I'm jealous! I haven't been to a race in a looooong time. 
@MCbutterflyfan like idk any time now my ma should be bootin me off.. 
Hour break is almost over  time to put on my fake smile.. ...ok, eww- that was cheesy.
Last nite freakinn sucked but it was fun at the same time my leg hurts  aww poor me.
killing time.. im totally so super hungry.. and i just swallowed a thing that called fried rice! 
watchin marley and me cryin my eyes out....i think its time for me to get another puppy. i miss my layla 
hmmmmmm...boredness time...ewwwwww....I hate when nothing good on tv 
Its gettin to be that time again where $20 only gives me a 1/4 tank of gas 
next time 'm in brazil i'll buy heaps of brazilian history books. it is so frakking hard to get those here in oz  
@latinbarbiie I know! i thought I was the only one, but my pc sound goes off all the time no matter what i try to do!  its firefox 2!
@TimothyH2O but maybe next time cause i gotta go to sleep I have to go to  work in 4 hours. 
geez.. so much time...  but  nuthin 2 tweet about   soooooooooooooo  bored
@beautymoogle @belletrist9 thanks for the concern ladies  though after a few advil and a little time, i feel O.K... now for the dentist 
hmm ... spoke too soon as xcode barfs every time I try to run it 
ferris bueller. that guys a professional. first time seeing the film, i love it already. 'pretty in pink' now- while doing geography h/w 
i woke up!!!  time for bball tournie!
@tommcfly I cant belive this time last sunday i would've been gatehanging for you, i miss you 
@tommcfly I cant belive this time last sunday i would've been gatehanging for you 
monash logged me out of my marketing lecture because i had exceeded the time limit, and now wont let me re-stream it 
My first time in the black box venue, seems very nice place - should have brought some cash for the cafe/bar tho  am hank marvin
@Mrwigginz hey mr, i havent actually been on here for over a month just thought id have a look today-never get the time  how you doing? x
ok, i seriously need a good birthday idea and i need to keep myself from getting so bored all the time!!  cmon peoplee. ideas!!
ok, i seriously need a good birthday gift idea and i need to keep myself from getting so bored all the time!!  cmon peoplee. ideas!!
@dav_t lol i totally agree. I have been soo bored. it doesn't help when everyone else has a full-time job and there's nothing good on tv. 
think it might be time to give up on the masters in london idea 
@britneyspears Really? No ballad this time around? 
Has just said bye to the boyfriend and now has nothing to do till later  time for a coffee and biscuit binge whilst watching mtv!!
@QueenSweetness yeah maybe next time 
ate waaaay too much food today.  now time for more movies-- bride wars and the uninvited w/ my faves (ate&amp;mikey).
@MrsNunez no problem lol goodtimes  i loved spendin time with her  rip 1st nemo 
At 1020 with the jschool gang for prob the last time in a long while 
@LeighWoodward thanks babes, 24 hours to go omg. I hate this time, I get so stressed out 
had a great day with my mamma! glad i got to spend time with tay tonight!! back to studying 
packing for salisbury for the last time 
time to go to sleep. gotta wake up early. it's finals week. 
In a fucking diet that is making me wanna cry all the time! I just can't eat! 
i miss love youu long time!  they need to get back to sac asap!
bah! i have too much free time on my hands. 
just got out of yet another bad review  oh well at least lunch time is soon ;) yay
man, I know I sound lame for this... but I rly do miss when cobra starship wasnt ~big. I remember the 1st time I saw them live  3 yrs ago
gonna start the real job hunt pretty soon...what a great time to be have a maketing degree 
@mandyluvsjbx3 awh!!! mandy you are making me sooooo sad  i really really wish you won but i am 100% positive your time will come sooon!!!
I'm done w/ driving fr the wk &amp; i'm starving! No time to eat tho, it's off to the dentist now boohoo 
@rose_bodo  you made me cry Bods..I stopped crying na for a long time because I am not thinking about it anymore...now I did again  
 I'm gonna twit someone on a random time and day so they'll have a chance to reply.
waxing time!! lol eyebrows ppl eyebrows!! so wish i could get a facial while im here but totally cant afford it!! 
@sparetyme becuz by the time u finish shooting her...we will have to get on the road in order for me to make it to work 
@theskorpion omg!! Does that happen to you a lot or is this the first time?? 
@KylieAAM Going to walk on treadmill soon wor...when my dad gets back.  Probably last time doing so since college starting d... Aih.
is going to have starbucks for the last time soon 
@pauline11810 if only we had more time.... 
These aluminum mac's are fantastic, but you spend half your time cleaning them 
@ginoandfran oh nose.. bye bye time   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YwT)
so little time so much to do  xxxx
Revision time  urgh.
@Sukkerspinn oh. This is a difficult time for you. 
houngang mall mcD sucks big time. fries are too hard, mcChicken tastes stale! I am almost vomiting! 
shit weather back in vienna..rain sux big time 
It's hard to believe that party was over two years ago &gt;&gt;*sighs*&lt;&lt; where does the time go 
Stressed to the max at work!! Estimated time of departure: 11pm eep! 
So little time for new orleans 
k so i wont get the pizza deliverd to the wrong adress this time 
first long-ish bike ride in a long time...now understand why a man would wear bike shorts  #cycling #biking http://ow.ly/7lR8
first long-ish bike ride in a long time...now understand why a man would wear bike shorts  #cycling #biking http://ow.ly/7lR9
@musicislife2232  sorry to hear that... maybe next time it'll be better 
I am veryyyyyyyyyy sad.....      .. can it please be monday already.. I'm ready for vtw time...
@Tifanei dang. such a waste of time..  sorry your stranded in d town  im just working too.
@mouthsex damn next time  we'll get ya
strength of material. this time gotta be real on track. someone please shoot my head if u ever see me not studying. 
@ev That would be embarassing.  I tried twittering and walking at the same time and you don't want to know what happened.
Best night ive had in a long time, wish you didnt have to leave 
@AyyoItsAmandaJo hey girlie!!!! long time no chat! 
@Germzp ahh cool. dont know if any new ones are out - havent had much time to read the past year. I'm behind 
@francy38 time with joey, huh?  *sigh* 
heck !!! im tired ... .getting no time for my guitar .... !! 
@meesters for realz?! maybe  next time a tad less?  i'm sorry you feel bad
After so many loyal years its time to bury my 3rd!!! game cube dammit i liked my platinum one 
I hope I made the cabonara right... I got it wrong last time and it tasted like shit 
Heey ! so bord campin was like wtf ? it was raining all the time  love  ya all xxo
i neeeeeeed a starbucks. its been so long since i have had one   booooo, that sucks big time- epiclly... i love you mcfly muchly much.
@laenij  that's teh suck. but I can be on pretty much all night after ~6 my time
@LeeGoesMwah ommmg, i know -____- tis time to dye it again. i've got the dye already, but dont have timeee 
rohit could not finish it off this time  #ilp
heyy all i'll off  ... bye ! see ya next time !
the first time i've ever seen liverpool players fighting between each other. carragher and arbeloa peace 
having a great time with my boyfriend.. but deep inside im sad 
oh...long time no twitting xD ...but really...i have to stop 
I had the worst sunday this time ; planned so many things but could not manage to do any of those 
germany lost another time...  our song wasn't that bad...
@sathyaphoenix nope.. was using earbuds al d time. sterday wen i chked spkrs wernt working.   #iwwitation
time for a siesta now my sista has left the city...! 
@jordyCF haha i wanna do mine 2morrow but i dont think we will get it finished in time =[ ours is so stupid 
ime acabo de leventar y no hay nadie en casa:s.... ..i'm going 2 miss u my friend,but we still have time 2 spend together..miss my dog 
@angielala  I guess we aren't on the same time  lmao cause i was too
thinking of him &lt;3 but is he thinking of me too or some girl tht doesnt talk all the time bout him like i do 
@TravisKing i'm sorry.  i didn't have time to dream. it was hot here too(cause alabama sucks). You always go to sleep supa late.
@tanijoy ooh I hate u!! I have not had time to &quot;beautify&quot; myself in weeks 
@JBaby29 heck yeah i shouldn't be eating this, have to double time on the abs now 
@jillhanner amen. at least with fb is you are offline you stay that way. with myspace it puts you online every time. i hate it. blah. 
ahh...i'm tired &amp;&amp; its chilly outside..i wanna shower but there's no hot water...time to freeze my ass off 
@DubarryMcfly i dont even know why tbh i was all mopey earlier coz i was at mcfly this time last week  ly xxxx
@iamspectacular  save meee lol &amp;&amp; @tianniashaqueen yesss girliee celtics all the way i'm odee hype &amp;&amp; nervous at the same time !
@reginawilson hmm I suppose.. so I feel weird tweeting and texting you at the same time. So I really am going back to the books now. 
Guess its time to start tuning into the sox. Until next season celts.... 
@emilyayu Thanks Emmmmm, dreams do happen ha ha :p knowing me I'll just let her run away cos I wont think its an appropriate time 
long weekend almost comes to an end  tmr is the last public holiday during school time , gonna spend the day in sth meaningful n fun!!
oh dear, is it that time already?  better start thinking about getting up 
@8leo  There is always a next time 
what a fuckin time to work 
its like im going to burst, my net connection is a bit slow, im having a hard time to fix it... 
@Melenciano_07   so what .. we gon win nxt time
guess it's time for bed...can't believe it's monday again... 
@kricket_rc234 kreng, i thought everyone knew what time D was leaving.my batt was dead too the whole day yday so i cudnt text. 
@katieparla ha! i never have time when i'm here 
@jarizzle151 I'm so sorry, I didn't get ur tweet until just now &amp; I'm waitin to board my plane  nxt time get my # haha
oh dear, im knackered and its time for work soon, that just means its probably gonna be a bad day 
Ahhh sleep is tempting but at the same time... I wanna stay up like a big boy 
@kyle270 it is  its cause i'm just being stressy all the time,x
Just left 1612 wilson for the last time 
whaaa ... wasting time. 
... coz it duznt look like we are going 2 have any nice weather any time soon 
 time to change to cs4. sooner or later.
Going to check on my children later on.. I'm so sad I'm gonna have to leave them now  had such an amazing time!
hmmmm.... nap time? no. not yet 
@therese_awesome haha. thanks. :| clicking? gosh. i havent done that in a long time. actually, i miss it.  what's up with the baller?
is on a break at work! im so tired its not even funny! cant wait for some time off! Longgg overdue!..working 7 days is not advisable  lol
eww..my back hurts  first time on twitter 
*sigh* why do all the hot girls always get more. And they're half the time selfish bitches who dont deserve it 
@DonnieWahlberg  so glad you had a great time although the sickness  im like that on boats lol  hope to see you soon xxxxx
my mum can't be on time grrr, waitin in her office boooring 
@pr1nc3ssNKOTB we missed u!  Would have been more fun if u had been there too  next time!
im so so angry and sad at the same time, I FAILD! 
cant sleep  theres too much on my mind yet at the same time nothing D:
@flyintiger yeah ma dear the lack of time gona be kill us 
movie time  then sleep mha kiddy jumped out thee windOw  now I have no baby[wTf]:'(
@justjesslyn later in one of our girl talk session we'll discuss hahahha.. eh tmorow lah girl talk session! aftr tmoro no time alrdy!! 
@suzi_burts im thinking i will be there for a short time! then perhaps heading down to bton. im working til half ten tho  boo
@MissPassion nooooooooooooooooo nevaaaaa!!! remember wat happend last time you dipped out on me. i was super sad 
Naps always seem like a much better idea at the time than they do later when it's after midnight and I'm not very tired.  #fb
@zozod howd it go? yeah, mine was the same time  xxxx
we had the best time lastnight!!!! wooo hooo ! i can take on the world now. (just after i finnish my hw  lol)
ok time to get this webkit working once and for all...don't you just love .NET 2.0 
@lightyoruichi oi! spoiler -_- i hvnt had time these 2 weeks to keep up with all the tv series i follow 
@KatrinaSanchez i walked a lot today... like... twenty block. and its crazy! how long have i been gone ba? time seems to be so slow.... 
@DuraRoc probably worse now  but anyways, time to find out!
Yes, made the flight in the nick of time ! ...Only to be told theres delays. Thanks B.A. 
Yes, made the flight in the nick of time ...only to be told there's delays  thanks B.A.
My exams went well, but it's learing time again.. shit! 
@laangel928 haha i got caught texting by mr jenkins one time, and he took my phone away!!!! 
@xoVictoria ahhhh, i didn't realize what I had typed the first time until I looked at it again.  my bad 
@kimbobb nope, no time for it 
@NiallBlackburn ah gutted I was hoping I'd be back in time for that, whats up with having it so early  *is grumpy*
Long distance and in another time zone? This sucks! I cant even talk to u when i wake up cuz when its 8 here its 5 there 
I didn't have time to load my new cd on my ipod this morning.  I'm kinda bummed.  
@my_sundown i've never had starbucks   haha. hungary sucks. anyway, i hope you had a great time. (:
thinking about what is going to happen after grad... how many frends ill lose and the time it takes to make new ones. 
ughh on vacation but appt. @ 8 am  shower time lets go!
it's official, I'm losing my hair again... grr I really thought that I wouldn't this time 
ok guys time for bed...will have mt phone with me if you wanna text this weekend..I'll be camping so no refreshing for me   
@g4bs oooooh had forgotten about that. Wish I had time to put the kettle on 
i work for a uni &amp; we aren't gettin this lovely 3 day wknd so many people speak of  tho our vaca time makes up for it so won't complain
@Anitaestya yea I know it's my destiny 2 stayin at hum and study, I've to w8 fo' ma me time 2 weeks again huff 
@luv_beer &gt;___&lt; I'm here :-&lt; Last time I went to shool T^T And when my class finish ~ It's raining heavily   I hate the rainy days (
now the fan on my puter is running all the time  while running its laggin  my bf cleaned it but idk? no money for a new one 
@rashfeather   hey, we should find time to party for @pashfeather and I's birthdays when you get back!
bad time right now to change twitter profile background.. wont save any new one.. back to default.. 
Its time for the mine!   The skyzip  looks amazing.  To bad I am a fat ass 
@knockyobootz hey hun, I miss ur ass. We didn't get to talk much the last time I saw you 
heading homeee. not gonna make it in time for deadliest warrior. 
...is it friday yet?  just passing time til then
@kittylair oh how awful. so much loss to deal with in such a short time.  my prayers are with them all.
alright enough freaking out rofl. time to sleep it's going to be 1am and i have to wake up at 4:30 heh 
@Silvercharger yeah i just dicovered that. tayswift is suspended.  all this time i thought it was real. i think she even had tweetpics?idk
I'm so salty....I log onto the computer to see @SongzYuuup on ustream and by the time my slow ass pc was up....the show was over...  damn
@azzmonkey the future bf buggin out...  lol cause i barely have time to call his ass.. blah.. and by the time hes done with practice..
the hobos with the puppies get me every cotdamn time   http://twitpic.com/61fc1
i always feel like im running out of time x[. another thing, hes still cute to me 
is bored at sd already with only his netbook since all his friends are just studying... time to start studying too 
@namz66 woah, almost!  better luck next time
@b0redmel yea the man touched your camera haha no petting  okay next time we WILL do it! together!!!
@rapping_fa   sorry to hear...i had my fingers crossed for you the whole time! hope to fly with you one of these days 
@chaz81 oh did u do the comp ....i have had zilch time to even look ...i dunno if i could make up the time and do it now ???? 
@jamiecullum omg! it's tonight already! guess i didn't win  have a great time!! xxx
@JenLovesJoey lick joe for me  i wont be seeing him this time around!!  
@ClaudeKelly and what a great day!!!! im sad cause u couldnt see u guys  but im glad u had a wonderful time
I think I forgot how to be single  but im havin a great time figuring it outtt!
so much to do, so little time!  oh looo.
best thursday in a long time...now dodds hw 
@iluvmypodju I'm gonna take a shower lol that's why and you only have time for the cpu!  lol
@chocolate_dip me and yo boo don't spend enough time together! she be tryna send me to the corner!!! I be doin too much 
@gryshee puzzlepirates is a game XD quite entertaining when I get bored but meh gaming is not worth my time nowadays 
@doomdodadidadi ohh  well, that's awesome!! I hope you have a good time  I wish I could go, I'm only 4hours away ahh..
wonders what to do know, since I got more time left than I thought I'd have  *blah*
goosh..i wish i could turn back time. the time when i still have them as my bestfriend.. 
@passingcarss i wont have time to buy  and i need a new binder pa
I don't wanna go back to work   sleepy time.
doing my english essay (on r&amp;j...wtf) that i should have done a long time ago when it was assigned last thursday 
dont know why so tired today  bye, time for beddy
i no i no bt i had only been a gamer for like 2 years when i made that attempt  lol yea i luvd F1 to an extent @yellowshirts
i cant find my itouch for the 64577 billionth time n i need it to sleep 
@MrDeNiro i wish someone would inspire me with some sexy time right now ugh but thats not gonna happen...  ugh
Seems like 60 min wait time  should I call the wife now
Driving to work running late like always..... No time for starbucks 
I saw the best 1980s back combed poofy bangs this morning on a 30yo... 8 in high. By the time I turned around she was gone... no picture 
@chellemariee I have my 830 class  fuckin school! what time you work wed? if jade comes ima have to get her in antioch at amtrak.
@JerryAZ most definately! They are having a hard time, cuz I'm so young &amp; never saw this, but I wrkd hard making cars &amp; now I'm disabled 
i've locked up a mac once or twice in my time. ok, literally once or twice. 
@jimmiefisher i'm having a hard time using hulu  have u heard of anyone having problems that uses windows vista?
@aftashok    i dont forget yall...i dont think im lowkey..i think i spend a lot of time on here actually..sometimes too much
@Cinderell4 bad luck  oh well next time you will be more lucky...
@verbs_n_nouns ikr? my parents take the cake tho, they don't grocery shop and they go out to eat all the time just them 2... 
@serena_eliza ohhhh that makes sense then. 8D and i need to reread the lotr trilogy, i lost the three books a long time ago and i'm sad. 
@kennyblak I spoke but when niggas be looking at ya crazi all the time u just stop....  plus I always used to see yall when I just wanted
@ArnaudJacobs haha yeah this is improving my nite big time!!  i have to make a skype call soon tho, so will have to tear myself away.. 
@loldarian oh ok  I guess next time then!
@alltimebritt lol dammit  well then next time then
Just woke up and feels so damn lazy  time to work out damnit!
@kyle_newman i just called and it's sold out.  bummer. next time!
My work buddy left early today so now im all lonely.  keep lookin at the time and its barely only a min later than last time
yeah, I was wasting my time  fail
having a great time on vacation, sure as heck don't want to go to work on tues. 
gotta do my ewrt outline then tennis then work.. i need more time 
i am talkin on da phone and typin at da same time 
http://twitpic.com/678hs - 300 yd drive within feet of the green. 2nd time playing the hole so doesn't count though  #bcit #golf
@tommcfly why you will so little time in rio de janeiro? forgive babelfish! 
i wish mum hadn't spent forever talking to me so i could call my kiera later &gt;.&lt;. i don't have much time left now though 
anyone have a verizon fone i can borrow for the mean time while i get my replacement? 
feeling like I'm gonna fall asleep any time now but I can't.  
@harora wtf wtf wtf dont share such videos at this time man 
i was kinda hoping this time it was going to be differnt... its not it just sucks !!!!!!!!! 
@natalidelconte i didn't get to chat!   .  oh well.  time to eat a praline.
@Jamieed i hope its earlier. september is along time offf 
@dr00ness I wasn't  I was with the bf at the time, and am now omw to class. What is this new Kaggra,?
@samanthai Ahh well he can only spend short amounts of time on because of his mum  You should scroll back at our msgs!!! ;-)
@shereemcfly09 ooh thats an early start  ive got bed planned for that time..ha..LoveYouJonesy XxX
@staaceeyy weeooow, i feel fat.... i remember when i used to weigh that much  pfffffffffffffffffffffftttttttt long time ago, hahaha
@renegadepr cool. looking forward. san francisco was really nice. didn't make it out to napa though  maybe next time.
every single tv show ends@ the same time. while they're all going, thr r so many i have to drop some, and now thr r none. i miss lost 
@1jaredPADALECKI aww i missed the whole question answer thingy  youll have to let me know when its happening again. sucks diff time zones!
@Jeezi lol im glad youre having a good time. wish i was there 
@iamthecommodore awww comeon ive never talked to you guys before! maybe next time 
@jayrod9881 Amen to the mic.  I have this amazing mac, but just lack the time. . .  
indie queer tonight. shots and long islands! i wanna straighten my hair but i dont think i have time 
@alanabrown I wanted to stop by and see ella and sophia but we didn't have time 
Oh gosh its time for the black ppl to die 
oh nuggets...bad time to have your worst showing of the playoffs 
@scottk75  dang it!!! You gotta text me next time!!!!
aahh, me and tia aren't online at the same time. 
duuude. I just realised that I've liked the same guy for 6 months D: time to move on? yes. how? I have NO idea.  &lt;/3
@xcornejo   He cheated on me though, I dont have time for that shit 
@xday26_honeyx yea I know damn im sorry!  I wasn't by my phone at the time im so sorry!
it would appear as of right now that i am headed to the library on saturday to waste some time outside of my home while kayla bug is away 
@laviniafung why arent you on msn  and because of last time, obviously ;)
@carla_casanova what??? i wear high waist all the time!  hehehe
@PinkStarMusic dude, G get mauled by a tiger? sux about the tour, many a speedy recovery! you were going to be in ohio same time as me 
@cheeseyy aww cheese! that sucks  but you can do it! hehe frick, time flies exam time is already here! good luck missy!
watching tv with ellyse. last time for a whileeee. im actually sad to leave her  waaah! goodnight twidiots.
going to go neck my self now! eveyone have fun @ all time low send my love 
@airofina man i need some1 2 call me next time &amp; remind my scatterbrained self. cant believe i missed another chat!    i'm useless LOL
off to work for 10 hours !  then got the house of myself for tonight, probably some tv time i think *-) x
@chanikin oh i didn't enter cos i didn't have the time, lol. uni and whatever.  but it's awright. next time.
cus by the time I would of arrived there kara would of already had to be home  what did you guys do tonite?
@Escapemyreality cus by the time I would of arrived there kara would of already had to be home  what did you guys do tonite?
omg.....look at the time 
still up doing hw.  taking a twitter break which i really shouldn't be doing.  no more saturday classes for me... for reals this time. 
@AnneAAM ugh... that is so bad.. sucks.. big time. ppl don't cherish the earth.. 
@hartluck im so  you didnt do show in perth...maybe next time.. what happened to our extreme sports?
@vishal_ud wat time and where ? and are you at work ? i need an incentive to get to work today 
@alylyflowers haha.. i won't this time. i always think it's gonna b different but it never is. btw.. i love that song, use somebody. 
cant wait til my relief gets here..it would b great if she came on time 2 day!! that soooo wont b happenin 
Revision time  I wanna be out in the sun !
@laubow_  that sucks big time hunni, not long till you know what - bet your missing them loads now  xxxxx
http://twitpic.com/68yp7 - having a fun time with my birdie...may be one of the last ones 
mm nerds i always miss when @delta_goodrem tweets something and eryones over it by the time i get on 
just finished dinner. hmm.. not having a good time now. got  head ache. 
@tommcfly      We'll make you win tom.!      Wow this feels weird i dont know what to say and i may have wasted your time   But anyway(:
WokE up N sTiLL can't Believe the nuggets lost smh felt like they wuznt even tryin  but we takin it nxt time
@SammieBaby_ WokE up N sTiLL can't Believe the nuggets lost smh felt like they wuznt even tryin  but we takin it nxt time
sad my time in england is going by so quickly 
@mneylon true dont have a data plan tho  maybe this is the time
@ddlovato omgosh is it like 8 in the morning where you are. no wait im getting confused with time differences 
cannot believe she's awake at this time....omg 
um woke up at 830...1st time since first semester...idk whats wrong with me! 
The sun is shining... by the time im out of work itll be raining! 
@roxygirl880829 thanks 4 the reply. ive bin watching the show ever since it came on n this is the 1st time ive ever heard of this #asylm 
oh, and its haircut time again 
missing FAcup final for the first time in 38 years  thats depressing 
So when my fone was stolen a couple wks ago, they also stole my favorite aviator shades  thats the 3rd time i've repurchased it too! 
@slightsarcasm tom  (time of month ;) ) not your bf tom :L
@im not going to have any visiting time  we are exchanging/returning wedding stuff today
@marymymary  oh. ok i understand..maybe next time ..well, keep on voting! (@melvinlovemusic and our other friends did not vote.. 
study time with robbie and caroline. ew history 
Thanks to my cuz for pointing out my typo - it was a large lager I was drinking at lunch time. Now stuck fixing a bleepin computer 
@chaaantellexo i wishh i went but im like planning my little sisters party and i really wanted to go  lol lets parrty soon time 
@natalief_1103 whats wrong with the dress  you okay? here's your shot: i never hhhhhhad the time because you move to ssloow.
kinda sad that the 90210 season is over  it ended at such an intense time! i hate the suspense! but loooove me some liam!
bb's take a v long time 2 update ! baa  what a waste of a sunny day arrrghh !
@hangloose03  I WISH I COULD. i wont be home til 3 my time!  i'm sorry when r u going to bed?
@psylum I was supposed to be at a show at brillobox last night but I went to see what time and it was a diff thing!   boo
Sampe rumah ai, long time no see, curhat session (bigeyes) *udah lama ga nginep depok*  http://plurk.com/p/x8l43
@kaatie_ox saaaaaame  uuuugh *turns back the clock to a time when oli's hair was ruffable* :'( xo
Car maintenance sucks, they all break down at the same time. I am gonna have a crappy day no doubt.   
time for tv . still raining 
@mitchelmusso i tried calling yesterday like 8 time lol but  couldnt get through 
will be too late.  cuz now i cant go to atlanta   was gonna try if i got my money in time.  i hate getting excited then let down. 
at discount tires  this shit takes along assssss time ughhhh
Trying 2 kill time b4 check in  I wanna shower!!!!!!!!!
fuuuuuuuuuuuck! there's so much i wanna watch &amp; read, but i don't have the time -.- i wish i was capable of multi tasking xtreme 
@tommcfly hope u had a good time filming it, haha! I wanted soooo bad to meet u guys, but i gave up  xx
@mileycyrus i reply to u all the time and i still havent gotten one yet  i no ur busy but im a huge fan please reply if u can
ADIOS Dishes time.. even though I really dont want to leave the twitter world.  
@mmm_gash i just didnt have time for it, or the computer  ive got loads of blogs to catch up on!
Oh shit I love and hate this song all at the same time 
@bidyyy i37 is okay you'll have a great time, shame no oof3 or tex for you though 
@ambick how many do you usually do? That bike is my fave thing now... I was gonna spend more time on it but gotta go to work 
@Cspitz thats true haha. it was really fun, but at the same time i wanted it to be more intense. i almost lost my glasses on it though! 
@iamEricaAmerica what time are u on till 2nite cuz I'm going outto dinner at 5. I would seriousy bring a radio lmao. But no outlets there 
@sharon_a i don't think so  but i'm going to get drunk the next time i'm alone at home and spamming with you guys  we need drunkspam bb!
@octette  I own all the airwolf dvds AND I had the poster as a tween.  too bad he has to go hit his gfs all the time 
amazing time at the beach. got very burnt tho  and i used lotion too! pfftt sun protection? yeah right lol x
@jimmylong7 why?  oh and you still owe me money from that one time.
1st time in my life this happens, got tons of shampoo in my eye! the deep cleasning tooo 
oh no, time to go to work 
dont have enough time to update 
@outrage_designs i missed jude 1st time. Missed you too hun, i don't like not having my puter 
@Sianz part time fans are highly entertaining at rugby + the swears are just cos you're beating me on cursebird 
@_la_rochelle ive always wanted a bald friend, i never got hold of jade in time 
I want sushi.  and 2 think ... And one poinr in time just the thought would make me wanna vomit. Crazyness.
@crazibabi89 hahaha xD. yeahh i'm thinking about it, i want to but at the same time idk. i'm barely maintaining my own site 
oh god, why did i turn on to torchwood - i know it gets to me every time i see it! 
tried to say hi to a bird but every time i hopped near it flew away 
well that movie sucked....thats plenty of time badly wasted 
had a great time last nite only thing is my feet are killing me 
Byebye london, I'm sad to see it go  next time we're getting somewhere to stay, well provided I see bayside in london again :p
omg i cut my bangs nd now their super short  i dnt like them next time i wont do that again... tears
@imcudi tried to see you at that coachella party but couldnt get any details on what time u were there so i missed it 
I hate feeling this preassure from ppl, i hate to be the last choice, plz just leave me alone, this isn.t the best time for me rite now! 
@tommcfly I need to hug you this time, if not I'll stay in depression  hahaha
Changing cp number again..  this is my 3rd time changing it. what a crap!!!!
JACKPOT! saw my rainbow inbetween stations but was gone by the time i got to my stop to take a pic 
@XxImEmOtIoNaLxX  yeah... but we talk all the time... but we wish we could hang out. but we cant. 
TWhirl isn't working  pj time!
why is twitter being all slow ? ugh this annoys me it happens all the time n it wont let me change my bg 
Having a heck of a time downloading a profile pic... oh well for now 
so proud--just cleaned the hell out of my apartment. it's about the only time my place has been entirely devoid of hell. ooh that was bad 
fml @honorsociety always does say now at the wrong time 
Just ordered mr chopsticks for the last time.   #fb
@Jessicaveronica dont leaveee, stay here!!! i miss u and lisa being in aus all the time, ur hardly here anymore    loveeeeeeeeee u
@fa3ryg1rl i'm just a lurker on every other site! just don't have the time anymore; school is taking most of the hours 
@lynnder boo hoo!!! I wanna b ther too  so freakin busy I lost track of time n din SMS u actual day, so veri sorry 
devooo! i wanna go to all time low 
@antdeshawn don't do this 2 me... not @ a time like this pls 
Is getting sleepy  which is not good at all  i have a long ass time before i can go to sleep ily &lt;('-')&gt;
@richsolarstone omg i miss the glee club so much ... me and stu used to go to the cardiff one all the time!! 
well that was the longest time ive ever spent in a bar and still been able to stand up. that and we lost at both 8 and 9 ball. 
@twisource omg awesome! although i bet the time difference will be really crap for me 
Shivering and burning up all at the same time. I need to go to bed but idk whether to bundle up or turn on my ceiling fan 
what am i doing? waiting for time lagger's booty to be ready already...shoulda been ready an hr ago 
@mmitchelldaviss http://twitpic.com/6bfvb - that's cool and yet morbid at the same time 
@xsparkage yeah if i dont eat by a certain time after waking up i get like that it sucks 
@akomuzikera yes....man...there are so many jokes in there huh? my first time...in &amp; out....virgin airlines. errr...yeah. 
@mattydTI oops, never ended up watching parks n rec  sorry i took over the tv. next time &lt;3
I steal time from the exam, oh my god, its quiet harddddd aaaaaa  http://myloc.me/2aqi
Ah..! missed my frnds bday  wanted to call him at 12... forgot am in the west coast  aaaaaarrrghhh... hate this time difference!
@shotoshi idkk, its been like thtsince i woke up it goes away but later it comes back  so idk tg   its mimi time lol
@mcsteph94 aw thats too bad. its like me i could have met them the first time but i didnt get their earlier enough n i couldnt stay 
urg bed time 
having a hard time remembering the map of england 
@maxmullet im so sorry I didnt make your grad party tonight. I wanted to, but I had to do the family thing during that time 
@cow_grrrl @woganmay hehe. Not my intention this time, I promise. I'm really bleeding too! Silly cat 
time geos by soo fast...another week of schooll 
@erynsays thats sucks  i was going to take mine there but then before i was like...ill try one more time....
gnaw, doggies lost  better luck next time . sooo tired !
@thetimcooper How much would it disappoint you if I told you that I didn't have time to eat @ chris madrids?? 
im having the worst time trying to fall asleep! I hate this, getting up in five hours too. 
@ch3x so sorry wasn't able to go  missed out a lot i'm sure. night out naman next time! hope it's not flooding too bad there in malabon.
@WoNoJo done. but still. argh! ok, nap time. 
@plus_mig glad you had such a brill time, really sorry not to see you 
It's time to be sleeping but i can hear sam sleep-talking in the other room and it's really scaring me.  
So im awake again this time the reason im awake is because something bad happened 
In venice italy, heading to the airport, time to go home 
time to watch either rove or something else.... not sure what to watch now! If only harpers island is on after rove 
what time is it in america?  why nobody is awake?!  it's boring. the only one who's by my side is my lovely e-sheep
bbq time, ah yeah! first of the summer. shame i'm burnt already so will be in a t-shirt 
bed time, early morning tommorow  xx
gonna miss spending a lot of time here. 
I was so hell bent on quittin t'row but a steak made me think I'd stick in some more... mayb this time it'll be different... yea sure 
@pdurham I'm being lazy too, but gotta study after dinner time, how miserable. 
slept really good, going to chruch with my gramps, one last time before he moves to arizona for good 
im still having a hard time.  this just sucks. guess everything wasnt as perfect as i thought.
all nighter. lyk majide. no kidding this time. needs more time. 
@becca_young p.s. yes i made it just in time! haha i was gonna twat you yesterday but the server was busy  i had to resort to fb.
woah. time goes past really quickly when I'm writing a text. it's kinda annoying, missing out on information  #GoogleWave
leaving galveston  hopefully we'll be back in june some time.
is back from antigua and had the most wonderful time ever there 
Holy crap! I slept till 11:00 this morning! Now having hella hard time waking up tho.....boo! 
seeing paramore for the first time in over two years is gonna mindfuck me so hard 
@aaronspears boo! It's my last sunday playing with my brother for a loooong long time 
@HPaladino hahahaha yeah @godfree was too big time for me  but jokes aside my old partner was crazy!!
@yaboychizzy that's perfect bro..I'll be free after 7 or so 2morrow..and @starrahpenzhitz I wish we could snatch u up this time around 
me n my bf hav 2 spend a lil time away from each other. 
ran a mile for the first time in a while :] now im dying bc im still sick. @vgarcia87 i have lots of hw too 
@rauper Looks like everyone's having a great fucking time doesn't it?! 
the boy left  time to pack for brasil 
@bittersweetpoet hi miss. im so sad we didn't spend a lot of time together. 
back frm oregon from the west regional championships; did good in my individuals meets, but thee team came in 3rd  oh well nxt time !
ok guys..time to lay down and watch hgtv with the kiddens....need rest 
Freaking tired of her azz being mad all the freaking time, time for her to scratch her azz and get glad....ughhhhhh 
ive had the best weekend in a long time, im suffering now though  xx
disneyland was kinda boring, because that was the 3rd time in like 2 months. pobre 
@shelley1005 we faxed t&amp; e-mailed corporate. typically it has worked in the past, not this time though.  too bad
@ebassman have fun..unfortunatley I will miss this time around  but I will be there in spirit...lol
is chillaxin for the last time bck to skl tomoz  xxx
@LeeZyODX @moniiiicarose@lukeskyy thank you guys for havin a girls back!! But I don't even think he cares... I wouldn't waste your time. 
@PLACEBOWORLD what time are the band on?! it's all in dutch 
@stephaniepratt I wanna see it too, but they repait season 3 whole the time 
@schizofrenetic yeah it worked first time but now its not 
@WaywardAllen hahaha that is NOT sexual. i ask that all the time! 
no baseball  that is next sunday if darren didnt mumble on the phone i would have gotten it the first time
oh got to go the kid is out of the shower will twitt' later bye my twitt's  time is up 
@Lucyyvan haha I would if I could.. I have to do somethin before long zoo dont have da time 
About to hang out with allison and david...time to tell the last best friend. 
my mom called me a cunt one time nd it really hurt my feelings 
time 2 kall it off, ima break it 2 her easy. 
@michael_beasley that's a nice idea (the gym!) I just work all the time  coconut grove is dead right now. U enjoying ur sunday?
@fer_sure eventually, but it keeps happening! I didn't get help fast enough last time 
wow, I tried to speak for the first time and im losing my voice :S nooooo, now I cant sing 
My comcast home internet is down again, it happened almost daily during this time  arrrgh #fb
time check: 7.30 am n i'm already in sch! gosh! how to sleep better eh wit this growing tummy? 
@Emmaroo yes, well at that point in time tho its like 
ohhhhhhh ya know, wishing i was out on a boat, wasted, and having an amazing time 
had a lovely time in sayville with chris--back in queens 
time 4 the j.o.b  that ish really sux .... but goin 2 ma bois 2nite 2 mix up a storm n relax from my 11hr day @ tha ish
the only time im ok is when im sleeping 
wow! @blissdesigns these rings are gorgeous! I learned how 2 make rings w/ wire in a class a few yrs ago. haven't had time 2 practice tho 
i always tell myself that next sunday ill wake up earlier so i have more time to do nothing.. but that never happens 
watching the hills for the last time! boooo 
@Deadria101 yeah... I lost track of what time she was gonna be on! 
@MyChemChat aaaahhh shit!! I missed it!!  I was out watching wolverine again xD ok but I promise I'll be here the next time!
I need to see weezy at least one more time before this nig.. dies from codeine  #LilWayne
@gabby_ybarra hey stalker! I guess tomorrow will be the last time we have class together. 
stuck on the skytrain just before downtown  cmon!!!! awww takin up valuble sun time!!
wants to go to the friday all time low show 
Maaaan, I don't trust this hotel &amp; I'm out here alone! Estimated roadside asst time: 30 min. I hope the come sooner... 
@TheAvenged I'm not bad thanks; had a bad nights sleep for the first time in ages  how are u doing hun?
@staaaceyy haha shh,  true , but usually It comes back . This time I lost one 
about to go to work bye bye - sunshine  till lunch time #fb
i think i'm finally on hawaii time. omg i'm tired. also have the worst headache 
@ddlovato ahah dude demii!wutcahduin? I still cant fall asleeep  help me! bahaha x] wat time is it theree? (: it'll means a lot if urply.
i wanna go back in time 
At this moment in time i am having new windows fixed and job hunting. wanna sunbathe though 
its difficult wid out internet.. cannot kill time wid out it 
@levi216 most of the time I cannot read through everything or see the pics  oh well...
been a long time since i had a talk wid her.......really miss her 
youtube. you're eating all of my time. 
cant sleeep  time for ben and jerrys
@caitlinaudrey we didn't get to ask them when they'd be coming back, we had limited time since they had more press to get to. sorry bub 
I really need to revise, dont have enough time for everything argh! 
forgot I had a dental in dundee at 1415... time now 1130. its going to be close... edi to dundee... 
@zhayrar huhuhu yes. 11hrs with only 1 hr break time or sometimes no break time at all! they're gonna torture us! 
i swear 2 god if that dog barks at me 1 more time idk wat ull do  its like a frikin fluffy half shaved anckel biterr 
@NANCY___ nah i'm working the whole time. it's gonae kill me, especially if the weather is this nice  bet you get burnt at rockness!
@JMatthewFlyzik http://twitpic.com/6dv96 - oh wow, iv been there a lot! why wasnt i there at the right time  thanks for today
omg. finally sleepy time. I've been up almost 24 hours.  good thing we're not shooting tommorow.
@atif089 been doing this shit a long time, and run into my share if script kiddies. 
@tim_cooke yup  i already twitted 4 times in less than 4 mins
@countingcrows gutted...didn't know you'd be in london tonight; last time i saw you was in battery park 
@matt_lion @Twll give Tungro and myself a shout next time, we're less than an hour down the road 
trying to pick my top ten songs for triple j hottest 100 of all time!! toooooo hard!! 
hmmm, now... time to get ready 4 the exams 
whhhy do i keep forgetting to charge my ipod.  could have gotten some good scrabble time in 
Its still monday  theres long time to wait until friday
@JayGordonMDFAAP thats exactly what happened to me the first time around.  Doesn't help when they send you home with free formula either 
bah... found the answer  time for new glasses...
@greyseer ya I haven't had time to look into it much. trying to spice up one of my toon's background story, but she's draenei 
@spitphyre what time do u leave tmrw? We will miss u! U will be logging in often nah? 
@Kirstenn_  while everyone else is playing games, im taking the time to twitter you .. harhar .. btw the password doesnt work 
@faridahisfairy but somehow it's kinda painful to wait for the time to come 
I dnt think I can go bak 2 sleep this time  I can play sleep tho so my momma dnt ask me 2 do nuthin!
@DQJ damn I didn't know you were showing anything this time around - I won't be in town starting this friday 
@ggentzke yeah....that was always the tradeoff in baltimore.  they do it perfectly so it's not worth your time/money spent to contest it. 
says finally .. got time to check and update my plurk ..karma down -0.16  http://plurk.com/p/xo3fz
@YoungQ aw man, i cant get in the chat here @ work, im blocked!  this sucks big time!
Is it possible to be hit with cold symptoms in 15 min time span?  I just did...No woot 
@amberrashelle I kno I'll admit I didnt belive you last time (lol sorry) but I went 2 the one on john young and the windows we're boarded 
The change machine wasn't working at the laundromat  I'm off to set up a delivery time for my new machine  #fb
Not going to work out today  no time i have lots of hw and studying to do ahh!!!!
theres a ton of other shows i have to upload , but doubt ill have the time tonight 
@Jaypayso hey u long time  u abandoned me all good
food..bath..then bed. not felt this shit in a long time 
@paige81 Happens to me all the time.  
@aurafurrnz  i wish that i went to tambuli wid u  but...i have an idea nxt time  we'll blow the bloons w/ the wtr guns!!!! awe yeah!!! ...
i just wanna take the time 2 say r.i.p to the passengers on that plane that hit the ocean. this is so sad, remind me of the titanic. omg 
I can only do the plank for 5 seconds  tomorow I'm gonna try to double my time 
june 11, 2007   i wish i could go back in time 
@FreyaLynn yeah. It's today. I forget what time. Usually I make it noon. But whatever.  I just wanna keep the prize for myself. Lol
My first time on twitter so im lost 
how can someone has the time to post things? i don't have time  http://ff.im/3t9lR
@MissChriis awh ii wont be there durinq that time smh... 
@4phun yes but it is the first time a plane crashes in this route 
@jesse371 heck yes!! it will be my last time out before summer  at least its a very special occasion though!
I can't stop watching the new moon trailer Its so sad when edward says this will be the last time u c me 
@Calhepburn It's fucking shit. I wanna be at home all the time 
@ViewsNews You just have to upload it at the right time--I had the same prob-there are over 300 pages of complaints about it, no fix. 
this time last year i was in spain with beth; wish i was now 
Apparently you dont have time for ur fans!!!!!!!!!! 
god i was so close to fucking @KimberlyKane in the ass... but then my call time got pushed back 
my point illustrated by @JamesDeengod &gt;&gt;&gt; i was so close to fucking @KimberlyKane in the ass... but then my call time got pushed back 
workin on stupid science cube, never goin 2 finish it on time! 
oooh curious to know what you had been talking about last night while i was watching the mtv ma, but i have no time to read it now 
@MelC328 oh shoot! I have laundry too!  so much to do. So little time. 
@repeattofade85 eugh just so much drama all the time,just wanna run away and have a wee bit of peace 
@dancelikedavid thanks G! we def do need to get together soon.. of course now I have free time but no paycheck  shitty! I will msg u on fb
ehh i hate tweeting this... study time 
@isanaka I get hell for wearing my shades all the time, but southern cali raised me, I foregt to take them off inside often tho 
I keep re-loading my picture and every time the same idiot X comes up.  its been like this alll day!!! 
is going to crete in approx 8 hours time so no twittering for a week sorry. im going to have nightmares about lost luggage tho. 
awww..oh well, next time.. 
 i guess it got you more time to work rofl
@CGZee O-K! I wont do it. I learned my lesson last time 
Searching walmart for judging amy and together again for the first time.... so far no luck 
@rachel01989 sounds like a blast... I used to have time to be unemployed too, aaaaaaaah the good ol' days!  wanna swap? xxx
time for a nice relaxing bath. then studying for bio  boooo
chilling with mommy, chucky is sick  and i wanna spend  time with him but i cant
smh...time to cook...then read 
I couldnt believe this is the last day  i wanna spend more time here with my friend!
I couldnt believe this is the last day  i wanna spend more time here with my friends!
having a difficult time trying to put a different picture upp 
gah he got me again. same teams. this time 120-118 
loading facebook home ... uhh thats taking long time 
I ache all over...pilates trainner had NO mercy  but now it's time to pig out in front of the tv!
ok homework time for realllssssss. ps  think i've developed allergies 
@chevale really?  maybe twitter was 'sot' last night. Last time I saw from 'mobile web' eh.
3wks is a long, long time  We've hardly seen either of them 4 the past 1.5yrs..&amp; theyre still going 2 b living there 4 another few yrs! 
i swear this is the first time ive ever seen my parents irritated with each other 
@Ms_NiMSz heyy qirl lonq time no talk  n omq iqot mucho to tell u bout u no who 
Bowling was fun...my game off was though  oh well next time lol
just woke up from napping  hw time!
i wish kris allen tweeted so i could stalk him down like we did katy perry. maybe i would have known ahead of time when he was in my city 
@MayerHawthorne yea movie prices are crazy!!! i paid around 12 bucks last time i went 
@thisgoeshere june 8th. not very excited cos ill have less time to use the computer 
@tankgrrl it is now, it wasnt at the time  seems like I was reset to 0 as well... not sure im even up to start again
@vgarroj ahhhhh i'll try to make it next time 
back home mad bored.. call time 10:30am..nothings on tv 
@mz_jackiie mmm i miss you. dud whens the last time i saw u? 
didn't bid in time for a mad pair of bardot shoes on ebay  they were pretttttyyyyy
@rayretaliation awww sucks  we can always go w/o angela some other time. LOL how was forbes being mean to tammy?
@therese_awesome i didn't see them there.  i was in the amusement parks almost the whole time eh. live there forever?! :O
@gengenw wow lol ive just woke up buahaha time difference lol! cant see the background  im using itouch!
@iroccwilliams I do!! U stay soooo busy tho never have time to talk to me 
driving on the 405, is time to get a nap, im exhausted aff!! 
i tried to read for an hour, but fell asleep.  fail.   oh well! time for conan!
@aplusk This time difference is terrible! I miss everything. 
@iamdiddy This time difference is terrible! I miss everything. 
@aDeSe it certainly isn't &quot;only&quot; 26  I wanted to be 22 forever, but kya karoon - time is flying fast!
@kristydotcom i was so very sad for max, i wanted to reach through the screen and hide andy so max could get some air time 
well twitter took a long time to verify my accout or sth  i was uploading a pic then couldn't login for like 20000 hours -_-
twittering first time in 27 years, bleh. feeling sick   gonna do some homework.
is sick  bah...its such a waste of time
@OogahBoogah i used to back in college, but i work full time now. sleep at 11, wake at 6, its like im old  lol
dear anyone going to all time low 'i am soo jelouse!' 
heading to work    ...time to leave egypt for the promised land....i pray 
Theres alot of  in the world:This week feels particularly heavy. If we all meditate &amp; intend joy for everyone else at same time, we b ok?
my bugger is sick  $450 this time round..fuck
Why oh why do creativity strike when I really don't have the time to indulge in it! 
@yeah_thaz_rite the last time I checked I was 24 years old (can't relate to dem tings)... Lol plus cartoons aren't the same anymore 
@discoknitter no, it's a stinking toshiba, in under warranty for the second time 
I don't know why the song can't be played at some point of time. If the song is really really not playing, please tell me. 
ugg i missed so much last nite  i hate my life sometimes!!! stupid crappy as job that makes me goto bed at a decent time!
@cmm82  That's no good.    Cars are so needed yet so annoying at the same time. lol
ict time! 
@RadioRobyn oh geeeeeeez!  no.   what time might such debuting be going down?! lol
time to hit the sack  getting up at 5 tommorow argh haha xx
my biffle, he feels sad cos no one wants to spend time with him cos he's silly and broke his hand  show him som love @SonnyBoyBlaire
@shaarni haha yeah i know it sucks big time im shitty that i cane come!  but we wil party hard!!
ok have to sign out now! school time! 
is making herself sad by looking at rental properties in london and paris. not sure i can wait two and a half years. 
Having a hard time getting outta bed 
@dinno what was the announcement? i don't see anything in ur time line! 
Last day of school, its so depressing ya no, because a lot of ppl that I've been friends 4 a long time abt 2 or 3 yrs I'll nvr c again 
@SeriouslyHannah alright aright but this is the last time im going on 
im really poorly  having time in bed watching take that dvds !!!!
@gerrytan congrats. i don't think i'm gonna make it in time 
has had a lovely day so far a little stressi but em came at the right time  thanks both babes asleep off for jj injections at 3pm  xxx
in the airport.. had such a gret time in vegas, i never want to leavee! i miss my puppys tho 
@ULOVELACE  it's ok next time I guess lol!
@deversum links arent workin for me  jus gettin same logo all the time
@Haillow oh nuts  time to change hosts?
hey twitter i miss u...i so wish i had twitterberry again but it fuks up my fone  start working monday full time wnt b on here much ;-(
@awaisnaseer yaar buhat buri ryt now.... preparing a report... and light will go any time 
@Zachluvsstripes Can you believe it that every single time I hope he's not gonna do that tackle, even if I know he is? 
@lunafactor hmmm wel that doesnt give much time to work out! 
still away, i'm working on a big project so im a little occupied all the time 
damien rice and arcade fire at the same time... idk what to pick 
http://twitpic.com/6hd79 - aw my fishys think its time to eat 
@SaraTariqq aw, i'm sorry  i'll bring you an un-poisoned brownie next time.
I fucked up on the time  oh well one more chance
bootcamp on macbook... currently splitting time between leopard and windows 7 can't seem to stick to one 
Oh, im sorry! i delayed you all the time 
i wanna make a new video...but no time 
Hey @jonasbrothers u never answered my questions last time  anyway joe what was ur first kiss like? I never had one yet #jonasliveonfb
i just slept through zumba!   thats the second time in two weeks I've fallen asleep without meaning to.
santa claus is coming to town (8) oh, I want christmas so much  the better time of the year *-* (?)
@woahitsamani on a serious note tho, I miss all of the 90's boy bands. All the good ones split  I want a time machine to go back!
had a fun day so far.  hella soar from dance tho... its evaluation time 
I failed the writing test cuz i didn't have time to finish it 
@pleasurep that sux imma jus be gettin off of work @ that time 
@UnderoathBand hey how come a moment suspended in time video isnt on itunes? i requested it but they still havent put it on there 
@shannieGOCRAZY ahhhh  well what time are you getting apps? i want one too!
@rockerannah ur almost 22, you shouldnt have to have a bed time, thats nuts! 
time for sleep.  sad v is leaving tom 
@simmonegiardina im not gonna make it in time  let me know what happens!
@thetoughsams ohh! that's right, that's why im so jealouse of you! lol, u have @nokking's time zone too, i feel left out now 
@modwheelmood orlando sometime? cant drive to wpb this time. 
wine is all gone  time to go mimiz.. good nite!
@paul_steele i had been trying so hard to get where i am after losing some votes i'm so sad 2 think it might be a waste of time  
Lunch time #chennai.. i wonder what mom made back hom 
ive never had this much hw to do in a very long time! i dont like it 
@Debbiewong wooo ya.. we play like mad.. stress-releasing time... now limping and aching all over... 
I seem to wake up feeling crap all the time lately 
@xbllygbsn woo ;). awwh okay..so its really... 5.10pm our time O.O oh god :$ thanks donkey years of flying  lol :$. a've no gone longer
@ZelGu oh,i understand you in this..its a drug, but it is now time examinations 
@Joelsk_ ohhh babe. I would give you a computer if I had one to spare. your situation sucks  you can come use mine any time!
@zezitron next tues can't be done I'm afraid  any other time mans there!
@chrisMibacache eek thats a long time. um just finished watchin h&amp;a lol now im bored 
@xStefxx omg hey!!!! i missed you. hope you had an aweeeesome time!!!!! missed you yesterday arvo 
not tv time 
@stonerich Next time I'll be sure to swing by! I felt really bad bout fri 
two years.. thats a long time.. i'm *still* not over him 
@gina_pina_14 I want to go home now. I want twin time 
AIHHH long time no tweeeettttttt  hahaha
wallpaper idea! woohoo! no time... boohoo.  maybe tomorrow...
@audreyisanidiot  have a good time dood!!
this kath and kim thing is set it christmas time and its making me sad  i miss christmas.
going for my break then be near hom time, no basking by the river this aft tho not so nice today 
@DarrenWhelan uh what time did you leave? 
ahhhhhhhhhhh moving desks again today, 4th time in 6 months  dont want to move, i like my desk where i am
I feel sick  you think I woulda learned my lesson the first time.. Thanks alot costco!!
lunch time at last! oh so tired tho 
@crowdSPRING I still cant submitt  time 9.07 in toronto
@SpaNkiEs25 eb.. nxt time no need to follow me la go shopping :s henry says ur so tired today 
ut oh time to go to work 
@georgiawisdom hey georgia missed when we were in vancouver  next time...coming out east anytime?
on the internet.. haven't been on here in days... its kinda weird.. but now its time to go to wk. 12-6 
@ShootDiva lol! i dont think ur alone there. i reckon all of us photogs (myself included) hv those moments! 2 much to do in 2 little time 
I miss oscar season, them screeners leak crazy during that time 
@rememberthedays ikr every time I see a photo of him, I THINK about his dick, I don't know why. also he is so qt 
made a bad chois in going dark. now i look like a sick greek or emo kid  och well... be blond in some months time
@robertofthehood pooo... dont think I'm going to have the time then...    Have to come and see you in thattherelondon
http://www.bizjournals.com/portland/stories/2009/06/01/daily38.html maybe it's time to start looking east 
@th3maw  you are fixable, sweetie... it just takes time.
@joe_hill That bummed me out big time, too. 
still on new york time up to early 
@Quiggmate was backstage at boyzone in the 02..got pics with the lads but you were on stage at the time!  you missed out big time babes xx
@tommcfly i want to meet you too! but i have to wait until next time you come to brazil  x, love ya lots.
i been sleep all this time and im still tierd !  
2nd mac down in 3 days. and apparently there are 4 other computers here w/same problem (video card FAIL) bought around same time 
@GeorgeGSmithJr  missed the last giveaway  oh well maybe next time @GeorgeGSmithJr  #crocsfeelgood02
oh god im crying and laughing at the same time after month i didnt cry cuz i just fallt and my leg hurts 
@3heelshigh @shahpriya yeah I know of the indiagames thing. He has also started investing. I so wanted to meet him, but I guess next time 
@Jayygarz_141 i know. &amp; i swear if he text's me one more time. your kicking his ass. im sad now 
yeah that wouldnt happen in a million years with that team.....we had are chance at one time 
@AppleCharlotte well of course hahaha! me too....but the krispy kreme near me will be closed by the time i get there  i can taste them
@jonbon88 how you doing? seems like long time no spk  lol u working tonight? Xxxxxx
ooh the twitter war is on LadyGeneral2U, just got paid, paid bills time to shop and hang out, wish the sun would come out so i can board 
@trackthejuice oh yeah! they come by our area all the time and spray!  LOL!
@zombiegogo nope not this time I'm afraid  hope puts have a good time though xx
@NatashaStabler ohh yeah and i was in asda so took forever to reply, man i was depressed that day  the worst time was the first time ha!
@KelseyCochrane guess that means you're not living here.  gimme a shout next time you're here!
At this pt I'm not even sure nemore...goin into hibernation for awhile...I need time to think 
Its hard for me to do the study thing at this time..i wanna sleep 
Oh I am gonna have chicken for my tea but it's going to be a long time I can't handle this  someone keep me occupied while I wait for my t
@QueenMyra really sleepy so I can't join...  sorry our call got cut off earlier. sooo bitin! nxt time though we'll chat again for sure!
@mitchelmusso i wish i could be at the grove tonight  but im reaaly sick ughh and at the worst time!
woo! got up on time and was early! went to the abandoned building as well... very very creepy! that bitch scared the shit out of me 
is chillin at the snow cone stand waitin 4 britt. so ready 4 tonite, but at the same time so not.  and  lol
@petewentz I call ageism as I have not been in school for a long time. 
so much ta do in such little time..  
@christinatj lolz! yupperz i guess so...cah-raaazee.. and sad at the same time b/c clearly he didnt intend to die... 
@dani3boyz : lately, every time there's a scf #tweetup, i haven't been able to make it because of work. 
@ayolollipop awwww crud  lol save me sum next time ok? Lol
@GrabeelLucas haha we both thought about that joke at the same time haha .. i thought i pressed update buh i dint  haha
@PlayMyShhh I tried but schoolin interfered w/pms show time. 
is thinking what a brill time she has had a uni this year! cant believe second year is over  gonna miss my amazing flatmates!
@jonwheatley i refused to join in this time. seems im naked on booth to often 
@musical_laura i don't think so  but yeah, time to do mine i think ;)
@galaxydazzle oh dearrr, this is the 2nd time tonight i've had to be reminded about it  lolll
...  ok then, I guess ill talk to you some other time.
@19fischi75 ye tha watch trick is really cool! me only must watch out -  my bro sometimes change watch time 
I really wanna see him, but im too stubborn to give in this time. I miss him. 
Last time I saw shoes #1  ughh,im gnnna crrrryyyy.
@JoBroSelenaDemi nope  didnt have much time lately but i will!
@snowson aww you make me feel awful!  lol don't know if i showed you this, but last time i was in cali i was at http://twitpic.com/6pdpc
@19fischi75 usually sunday is free 4 me - but this time must also work - theres a lot to fix up after tha flood 
The one time im freezing i forgot my jacket at home 
i'm sitting at the mac store trying to figure out why itunes wont work  this guy next to me is not having a great time
@Dayewalker good I'm glad u feel better I read your tweets sounds like u are having a bad time at mo 
@swebsta aww that sucks  lol pretty sure it wouldnt taste good by the time it got there tho...hahaha
@geezlweez I cried the whole time  hahaha
@TheBeast32 it wasn't for the last time, but I had to do a special ff for u b/c I mistakenly left u off my original list 
@SoCalLovee ohhh ok!.... What time 2mrw hun bun? remember i have to get my doggie fixed 
just sold my ps3   time to play some 8-bit action...hello nintendo!
is re uploading my new vid, didn't work the first time  haha watever this one only has four more minutes.
@corie_michele i know, but i was just on tom's page and i remembered the last time he was here.. 
@aliaanz hey i might not be able to catch broni next week  wish me luck so i can finish stuff on time! i rly wanna go!
@MarleeMatlin missed the the whole trending topics thing  i kno im good but was out on the lash irish time boo hoo 
@MsOmni tell her old ass its time to go to bed shit! LMAOOOOO just kiddin that was mean...am I mean? 
still pissedd that @mileycyrus isnt coming to sacramento. i dont wanna drive to oakland, we all know what happened last time I did that 
@WomenGunOwners lil bro there too.  2nd time  
craving some froyo right noww but time to run instead 
@GGGKeri i know not checking it for that time was frustrating me, sad i know..i my name's amy &amp; i'm somewhat twitter reliant 
will be in N.Y. june 8-12. wondering how it will be to see my mom for the first time since we found out she was sick. 
Rascal flatts concert = fantastic. still feel like shit but better than earlier, time 4 bed, but the roast of shatner looks awesome!!! 
Thinks planning this whole stupid shower is going to be a waste of time 
@CrisJorick I'm siiiiiick!!!!  I'm pisssed... what time y'all outta here?
@courtspivey yea I know  next time for sure. We all have to hang
@pink where r u? me and my mum are freaking. we were in tampa the whole time tix were on sale and now we missed out for Brizvegas. 
@DJgooDJourney awww maaan! I'm sorry!  I didn't check this until now! next time?
@tiffany_duh I couldn't make it in time! 
it will take time but ill be ok 
I think I'm gonna have to take out my nose stud permanently  it's too much of a hassle having to take it out all the time for work 
back hurts  gotta wake up at 9am. lame. @bambi_on_ice what time should I pick u up?
@TeamCyrus your soo lucky i cant see it  have a great time (: xx
@proctshocher shit i do that all the time 
woke up no better  dont you wish every time you go to sleep you wake up brand new!!! lol Http://www.exclusiveclothingretail.com
@saaam_ WHAAAAAA?!?! I found out I could been in row 2 but ticketmaster wouldnt take the credit card and the time ran out! 
my leg hurts.maybe It'd have been better not 2do rollerblading2 make my dog runnin.forgot I needed time to be ok again  
@ladyofsalzburg hehe although not purple enough for pole this time  #f1
@mjleenvoice yah lor. now i everyday will take time to check her body for new ticks. after grooming then i bring her go vet. 
locked my keys in my car because im retarded....first time EVER and its too early to call anyone.  what a crappy starting day 
@dankarran i heard of this vilage b4 but got no chance to visit it in my scottish trip at the time 
Feels really homesick for the first time since september and it wont go away 
why am i up so early? hungryy! breakfast time.. cant stop itching from poison ivy!! 
I knew it wouldn't last, it was only a matter of time.... sux I was getting used to his nice side!  
@xamylouise haha naw thats no good  well another time then (:
@catherinestack butbutbut  i wanna go this time!! lolol xD
oasis - i'm outta time is such an emotional song. i'm gettin nostalgic 
had a pretty awesome night,tired! really want to read eclipse but dnt have the energy  dnt u wish u could sleep and read at the same time!
oh, where's my iPhone? I can't find it anywhere  where did I put it last time?? I totally forgot! well, I'm going to look for it (
There was a time when I was so brokenhearted, love wasn't much of a friend of mine ~nakakaiyak na ( no more hope left to lose... 
listening all time low-remembering sunday . it's such like my own story. i almost crying hear this 
doesn't want to sleep and want to slow the time  http://plurk.com/p/yw0c0
@Mimidncr96 cause one of my best friends of all time left me once and i never heard from her again  thats why im so protective and stuff
@BATMANNN aaaaand, why is it any of your business what i do with my time? oh, you're pissed cause you're jealous  poor you.
@benjaminphoenix thanx! Could u edit out billy bush himself next time wait guess that won't work  lol
saw marley and me last night for the first time.....so sad! i cried alot    (and i dont normally cry in movies)
Is leaving paris soon  and has had the BEST time ever .
missing him so much! i really wish i could spend time with him before he leaves for colorado.... 
@UltraNurd oh wow nice, i took some time off and now im back playing my human mage and all my friends are gone so i havent seen ulduar 
@YoungCarter good lookin .... It always picks the worst time to do it 
@crrystalbabe cause it was full  you should take it at blair too next time!
I got the lite mayo this time 
@revolutiongym All over now, we all lost our 1st match  oh well, calorie time! I ended up fighting at 122.5lbs with the gi on, that's mad!
Ariiight studios tonight cus I cannot afford glasgow  how gutting. But it is the longest time I have not been to studios... 3 WEEKS!!!
day not goin' too well so far ... broke a nail again  ... dis time real bad ... i'm talkin' blood ppl!!! ... fml ...
@chcuk ya, 2 hours of being drilled and practice haha I hope the guys get there on time to watch me race  wouldn't it be something if I...
@roxlina me too  what time do u work at? I've been laying in bed for 30mins now and I don't wanna move :'(
@overloved noooooooooo no tell me pls I have no time to check it out in this moment!!  hun I'm ok! what about u??
#flylady made a PODA for today, started dw, had a snack, time for 15 mintues in lr, then 15 minutes in boys closet 
@mcawilliams welcome home john , i know its bloody  awful isnt it  , hope you and yours had a great time !
@Sofiebear haha we had a great time i forgot what the diner was called though  i wanna go back there whenever i get to go back to new york
@karriganrocks Haha yea! i wanted to go on a 2nd time but my friends didnt like it 
@MiissVee that's not funny. I scared  the last time I heard em I was in bk. Now that was scary!!!  n nj is too far for me.
can i just have 1 month with no bills to catch up please?!? it feels like every time im squared up theres another thing i need to pay 4 
@ijerusalem  no i havent, last time i got cpu, mobo, ram, psu for like 250. i was kinda hoping my next comp would be corei7 for like 1500 
@quandrab girl I forgot to tell yu he got more time !!  (tear) !!
@overloved I'm so proud of youuuu!!! I die to se the vid!!! have no time now! ...   I'm still teaching...!!!
http://twitpic.com/6rjix - my lil man thats about 2 be 1 on the 23  time sure dose fly by
I really wanna make these cupcakes, but I don't think I have enough time... 
@jesskasays booooooo! it's a one time only thing, too, joe and eric (dan's brothers) live in montana, and they're going home on monday 
@Connyyy aawww yeah just been thinking bout that song! It almost makes me cry all the time I think bout it!! U know bcuz of whom 
@OfficialBB  i hope they add some fit boys in this year because at the moment theres absolutly none  hopefully boys like dale and stuart x
@joeymcintyre I'll b sportin mine @ my show hopefully-it's on the 23rd so it may not get 2 me on time 
@bluebonnet21 Aww that sucks  SUPASCROLL has happened many a time o_O
@jimmywhite09 oh my friend i think you should stay with your wife, cuz you decide time ago to share your life with her, don`t hurt her 
just ate dinner, now im watching national treasure for like the 8th time &amp; i think ima nap cuz i gots no plans  how boring am i?!
@Starrgirlxo yeah that'd be great  thanks - been finding i'm missing you all the time 
okay off to watch ghost whisperer... it's sad i can't rememer the last time i watched it 
@whyannie ummm we were up till like 4:30am my time  way too late!
@icklesal http://twitpic.com/6rzcn - ahaa, i was gunna get that! but i didn't have enought money left  maybe next time..
decided to challenge my dad to a best of three series in bball...I got swept  I'll get him next time
reading breaking dawn!! its amazing, i will be about 20 by the time that movie comes out lol   oh well...
@jkatherine ew!! time for jonah but not us?? 
crap 1 of my ear peircings closed  have to get them re-done for the 3rd time
@aushin lmao!omg we're compatible if youre 4 and i'm 8 aha.i got excited when i foundout how many seconds old i am, but it's eastern time 
@Angelooooo @yatykarim thanks my loves! hope so too! yeah, really not the time with exams  hope tom is better! ;-) gooooood night! &lt;3
@fbabytv right even if you cut it still same DRYER time 
@OfficialAkaye coz its a sad time the tour is over  hehe
@MzKellyBaby yeh like who's ur all time fav music artist? sorry for being vague 
@igortizz yesh i am here ~ for a short time  ~ i am being pulled to the market for some reason... ? idk y? lol
...Only waited 15 years 2 see them and dont have any pictures 2 remember them by 
@mark_wayne It might spoil by the time it comes out here 
Going away for half a week, I won't get to see her for teh whole time, she dun know I miss her more than anything 
DIMSUM in AN HOUR  YEY.. in the mean time. gotta complete all necessary documents for a damned room 
dammit lex got comepletely tortured today, he's out too   at least now we have some time to chill and have some fun!
@JillxB: haha i lost the 2nd time  its w.eee
@Suyonce what time does it start???Awww  I wish i wasnt workn cuz i would def walk in my sisters memory 
@Laaaceface come see me  I need some serious starbucks and movie time wif you!
@wh17m4n damn, it's been a long time since I've had an onion loaf 
i really miss him!!!!!!!!! i wanna spend some time with him before he leaves  i guess i wont be able too 
I hate that tinytwitter doesn't have a character count ugh  ok time for laundry...
You know its time2 loose weight when ppl say damn is she pregnant again? And ur not. 
very down tonight... dunno wat I've done this time 
hahaa aww poor nicolee  im sorry next time we hangoutt
@GregorLiam nah no deal sorry  plenty of time to club the following sat. when i dont have 3 exams ahead of me
@Jonasbrothers i cant believe i missed it. my friends and i stayed up and watched the wrong sportscenter. i didnt know the time?? darn it 
@yulianax25 i for some reason cant sleep more than 3 hrs at a time ugh 
@diana_cullen I wish I didn't have to work everyday.  I need more uni time haha
havent tlked to lalalove12 in a long time 
amazon.com u suck for not sending my books on time 
@ideeyah umm...next time... can you bring the party here? I could use some cheerin up 
Is like *sigh. I freakin love him.....bt I kant spent time w/ him until.....idk.... 
i wish i still lived in columbia tennessee  it was so close to franklin and i use to go there all the time! they're music store rocked!
sad that i cnt go with my uncle to europe on that cruise. wnt get to see germany for a long time now then 
 oh nooo crying time..this part of the movie is so sad
@camel7358990 awwww no  not this time! but...it does mean maybe djing some and also may include hanging out with some cool peeps like you!
Ugh. @Irishnessa ironing my shirt for the 4th time in an hour.  http://twitpic.com/6t6sp
i really haven't tweeted in a long time  oh well. the silence of the lambs is on in the background.
@VAsNum1BaD yep you gotta hit me with sum song choice before I get outt here my time is nearing  imm miss yall
@ltempest I want my brit  stop being in crazy time zones!
oh wait...I'm suppose to hang with my mom...i guess i'll have to go another time 
@MandieCandie Wow, you guys were talking some shit that entire time. I feel so.... left out. 
@Britneyxsucks yeah!!! that means sexy time 4 me &amp; @stupidsaywhat 2morrow!!..boo not 4 u though  sowie!!
uh oh. too much chocolate in a very short space of time makes me feel quite sick 
i ended up not going to da movies  i didnt go out this nite, hey but i spent time with brothers, we had dinner together!! priceless.....
@Chrisrider  in mililani?  thats long time ago 
ugh ran to mcdonalds.. so hungry. no time to eat 
@avi_parida we were watching it at the same time! just not together 
haha, that's tiiiight! but seriously hella random! he used to pick on me all the time when we were kids, hahaha! 
plzzzzzzzzzzz joe say something about me plzzzzzzzzzzzzz joe i send you all the time n you never send back plzzzzzz joe lm crying 
Oh gooooooodness still drunkalicious LoL...missin sum1, wishin I could cuddle up &amp; pass out  had a great time @ the wedding! Congrats bro!
@Bonesy808 yes brother! I was just gonna twit u what about me  lol.. What time?
why do i go on the laura ashley website, make a big basket of stuff i cant afford then close it  haha waste of time much.
hi ya still studying my marks werent that good so father told me to study the whole vacation!!!! this was the only extra time i had 
G'night all. really this time. thanks for letting me vent twitterverse  bleh.....
ok so i didnt get drunk or get laid  but have still had a good time !!!
has just got back from zakynthos, had a wicked time and got a nice tan but im gutted i couldnt get to go to the summertime ball 
aaaarrgghh! I really-really hate bataknese ritual..hate the tradition..smuaaa acara batak, lama, boring,n absolutely wasting time! huh 
@himynameisrose i know aye  cos i didnt get there in time ;( eh next time lol
@johncmayer dude..this is depressing. esp at this time of night 
Waiting for my hubby. We r going to repay some quality time that has been gone fo days. And I miss him 
@labellagorda oh, did not see your message in time  missed the opp.
@delta_angeles oh noes  thats so lame.. next time we shall have an awesome movie night!!
@thescript when u comin gback to the netherlands, i missed you last time  it stinks!
@iluvcokezero there is quite a few ppl cant go like on the fansite cause it is holiday time !! 
is currently in amsterdam!! had an awesome time in london. the trip is amazing. apart from the lost ipods 
time to get some ironin done ...can think of betta ways to spend a sunday mornin 
mcfly i wanna hold you actually nearly made me cry i miss primary  and golden time
seeing hannah montana a 2. time!!!! ;) tomorrow school 
@eGJD worthless goddamn browser. crashes all the time now. much beachballing and slowness. 
This is too early to be up on a sunday! O well time to go load me fries. 
Missing san francisco already *sigh* I wish I had more time there  http://myloc.me/2Ukp
have to do this mc542 journalism in context re-do  it does pay to try your best first time!
@Ally_Bitches hahaha no that last time hurt i hit the heater 
@chris_vaughan I think so  congrats on the 10k time!
@karenisnt hmm.. creep sounded kind of good at the time for a while but then I got tired 
@susiebubble  oh well.. next time you're around, give me a call and we'll go for a chat !
ughhhh. feel like crap. &amp; for the zillionth time, can't focus on my work  gonna be a looong day/nite...
I wanna relax! And not learning whole the time.. 
@HushHols oh no plz, this is what my boss says all the time. not here again.. 
i miss my boyf, well i hope he will get back soon frm singapre...real soon! and spend some time w/ me 
3rd time for dinner at stinking rose, 1st time as a fiance, 1st time to get stinking service, pity 
i miss my boyf, well i hope he will get back soon frm singapore...real soon! and spend some time w/ me 
i miss my boyf, well i hope he will get back soon frm singapore...very soon! and spend some time w/ me 
@eusipial that was too much fun! dang... we didn't get a pic  until next time...
@su_suzi I'm jealous   i hope you have a really good time 
@Lancerman123 *snif snif* oh  well i hope you have a nice time
@IamSpectacular Last min planning plus my mom called and told me I couldn't see yall this time  I'm sorry.
Yikes!  Another weekend slipped away without any proper time off.    #fb
but worried at the same time for the real prob tomarrow.. hope mam nora would not be mad on us.. huhu 
@Kishez i still never been in twitter time out  i guess i dont tweet enough lol betta step my game up
Going down to rockaway beach for prob the last time. 
got cm and inches muddled, wasted loads of time and material, gonna give up sewing 
@rob_haines I know! I hope I'll have the time! Only just remembered the painting in progress that I'm gonna have to leave behind 
@efua_ainu colchester lol its alright its nightclub is gay (n) ironik is here but its over 18s only  im gona cry this is the 2nd time ....
@rissalove, *is calm now* aha goddamn there's just so much to do in such a short space of time 
@olivia010 all the time..lol...@shani_boo thatz messed up 
@addictedtotext hey will you let me know how the race goes? I'm not gonna make it in time 
sims 2 just freezes all the time  booo
Not feeling too well and I can't leave since I have since I have scheduled vacation time tomorrow--wouldnt be a good look at all 
I'm kinda really regretting planning this...this will be the last time I probally ever see him 
@KimKardashian you have no more time to reply to us with so many now 
@withlegs because time is a BITCH.  and @kbonesss no no, they were the nicest as usual. it not a big deal really.
There's no movie time early for enough @daysi_marie and @tandraz  
The one time I wanna use my xbox headset and it's broke 
tiredddd. cleaned the house. idk if i have time for a nap 
im so tempted to open a 'pop up' restaurant just for the summer. have the most fun idea. sadly i dont think i can get health cert in time 
put brodie 2 bed, now time 2 chill. Got a headache tho 
cant believe how crap i feel  last time i drink that much in a while!
For only the 2nd time in 2 yrs I dropped my iphone last night and it cracked the screen.  I blame the keg &amp; moonshine jello shots
@SkyeTownsend look like ima miss it...im in the middle of whipping out my whole computer bcuz of a virus..hopefully I catch u next time 
i wanna f some s with the dudes  lake time instead tho!
@PenelopeHeart i know.. fucking time waster..  thats 5mins of my life i'll never get back lol
i cry my eyes out, its really sad. People die all the time and its blood everywere  heh and yes its anime
@EmmaGx hah no worries: I'm actually seriously angry that they've ruined a show I used to follow almost all the time 
http://twitpic.com/6ulvu - god knows what time this was. before the lads god kicked out though  rude.
callin a cab. workkk time 
@MaxineBoyle_x with what money :^)? i get paid pure nothin in adams aha  awk ano its just not the same as it was this time last week aha
@bri_annes i havnt had time to play sims since the first day  i hate schooool. Why cant i just marry rich. Y do i have to make my own $$
says I need some me time!!!  http://plurk.com/p/z5tc9
@JaredParson i totally will! are you gonna be at the violet all day? im scared it'll be raining when its jump time 
@allison__ it's the second time i've gotten sick in three days  i had too much fruit in a smoothie the 1st time &amp; now i've had too muc ...
i just realised, no more 3am msn chats untill like 2 weeks time  'ss gonna suck tbh!
@ericathompson &amp; i would always say to myself ok next time they battle ima rap 2 .... but then i would just get too nervous 
i cryy i cryyy, no more primeval for like a yeaaar ?  what am i gonna do with my time? honestly about had a heat attack when connor fell!
so tired  ive had like 7hrs sleep the past 2 nights...not goooood. sleep time now me thinks!
@heritagesoftail haha, france -- i wish! naw, just paris, tn  first time going by myself (: nothing but me, keith, and the highway.
i feel kinda ready for tomorrow. Miss @Jooliver19 big time 
@Twinnikkib I jus needed to clean up  but I'm about 2 run &amp; do laundry now...i'll clean out my closets &amp; fridge nxt time, I guess 
havin fabby time in london,dont want this holiday 2 ever end 
@TRIFORCE89 uhhh 51300 or something. It changes every time I try. 
@shainaO omg I'm so sad we will not be together to see this  we'll plan to go at the same time and talk abt it after!!
@SirMikeyB what?! nooo i nver had the chance to talk to hudz!! last time i talked to her april 
@iamjonathancook ps--my friend @johana95 ARE DEFINATELY PLANNING to see you guys live..again. last time for me was prbly bamboozle left? 
@iamjonathancook ps--@johana95 &amp; I ARE DEFINATELY PLANNING to see you guys live..again. last time for me was prbly bamboozle left? 
had a great time paintballing tdaii with @moniboo523    LOL, your amazing.. poor matthew  got hit really hard core. lol
nawwwwwwwwwwww all time low is officially out of australia 
1.11 am, im ready 4 bed but after i turn everything off, ill b layin in bed lookin at the ceilin wide awake!! happens all the time! 
Whats funny?  i wont try to @ reply cause of what happened last time...
@leolaporte  i need to seek help. every time you post 'daily giz wiz' i mentally pronounce the g like a j.
lmao i tried to log onto the boards for the first time in like a year but i cant even remember my username  fml
@noahculver, nope..I didn't get out of M.O. show in time. 
@mandy9116 @jordanbunny I am sorry i beat you guys so bad at mario party  maybe i will let you win next time
@KatelinMealing taking their sweet time to show up tho! Seems like i've been wasted all weekend! lol and sad i missed party patrol 
i wont be able to see ashley for a really long time, cuz she's got summer school 
@mellemusic thanks - i went but should have made an appt.    next time i will call first.
Finally done with her wheels, shower time, xbox disc drive died.  
@toastfantastic nah doing beats for ck. i don't know if i can get it done in time for august 
@Shaninda smh... i requested u as a friend on fb a long time ago... i never got a confirm 
@kstout13 im really sad your sicklyness killed our time together this weekend 
@steph789 last time I promise 
is missing my time, my friends, my teachers n all of the things happen in daniel bahureksa ruang 1.   http://plurk.com/p/z70pk
@chrisjakob musicals turn me off most of the time  im a musical misanthrope....
life has come to an end mmvas not allowed to go due to travel time  im dead now goodbye twitter
@vball199 sorry i couldnt come tonight...im in a kinda confusing time right now...  
@spectrummother oh noes! not you too.. must be headache night. i have a feeling its time for another spinal tap for me  *sigh* fun fun
i'm so mad -.- how did we lose this game? ah! i really hope we win the home games! grrrr..  oh well better luck next time!
Watching the end of titanic  dat movie makes me sad n tense evry time...
about to roll up for the last time until my birthday smh 
@loveashrey you know, they might have grown but ive been wearing flip flops the whole time lol.  i have big feet to begin with anyways 
I'm really sad!! i need time to see what i can do!! i just want to cry  y nececito un abrazo de aliiiii
@DonnieWahlberg we waited 4 u after da show. all we wanted was sum face time 
@m0mmat0ne sorry to hear that  now you know not to do it the next time you eat
talking to the ppl i love b4 time runs out  ~*Netslum-Gaychat*~
@mel_mcd yeah i know, i do that all the time but it's not working for this one.. like it will work for a sec and then be itchy again. 
@SirDrake007 I know  by the time I woulda got there it woulda been over
@seanfoord our voucher expired  and we are never all free at the same time. wah are you free this thursday? i miss youuu swean!
@rebeccasun hahhaha ima wake your ass up! I lost track of time and its alreaduy 11 
@CH3L3 i know! i haven't performed for so long  maybe it's time for a karaoke session hehehe
just finished watching    'marley and me' with matt and it almost mad me cry   sleepy time.
@mitracorinne boooo   -- where do ya live? U should take time off for that!
@__tessa WHAT im working untill 8  so ill be able to watch you guys eat your luxurious pizzas? ow, what time do u think it will go untill?
Home time  not yet but soonish hmmm thinken pasta tonight!!
every few weeks, i check to see if anything has happened on @brightkite &lt;-&gt; @fireeagle integration and every time i am disappointed. 
@kimileviste shutt up  i pity myself too. ahahah. this sucks biiig time.
trying to build this android thingy.  takes too much time, i guess, should take a nap in between
@arjunghosh I have already planned something as I thought tweetup is happening on 20th.I hope I have better luck next time, sorry 
@vandana2208 u r a very lucky girl, u've time for tv and internet, n'joy till u've it...poor guys like me hardly get any time 
the time traveler's wife is 1 heck of a bk but from the trailer it doesn't seem to translate well on the big screen  http://bit.ly/12aJBc
@blue_cupcakes  vodafone is looking nicer all the time
The monk who sold his ferrari! good book, not having sufficient time to read 
@mememegann CRAPPPP we didnt,  next time ferrrr suree. ;) starbucks again maybe? ;)
cant believe this is all coming to an end... ive had the best few months of my life and now i have to move away 
I hate when rena doesn't have to wake up early. It takes away from our texting time 
@Pipsical Haters make me sad for them, they must miss out on so much in life coz they don't take time to understand it 
oh man its almost time for me to get ready for work 
dusting the cob web off my cv folder for thurs job interview.. been a long time i hope i dont suck at it 
I must be running on california time still.. So hard to get out of bed and get to work 
@biancabeatriz  make me cuento next time. ilu!
having difficulty walking today...no time for massage tho 
@ellice_x oh then we'll have to die together! if it happens, i wanna be able to text there too, it didn't work for me last time  xxxx
my heart is broken   all i want is crying .but crying wont get u back ,i know its our last goodbye but i wish 2 see u when the time comes
schooool.  i hate hair. its so time consuming. i level with brit spears on that one
@tinkabecca heyy last text  what time do yea want me to come round then??
i really wish all time low was gonna be at warped tour 
@lukeguttridge things are going swimmingly  I'm so jealous of your nihon time tho! and wish a could've met up  bad timing ne.
Does anyone wanna buy me a new pair of football boots, my gold adidas predators are broke , only got them round xmas time 
@itzJeffy next time I will say hi now that we informally met ;-) hehe.  oh and i got burned too, no sunblock 
i am pretty sure i have swine flu  woohooo one test left thennn its britney time on friday.... SYKED
Just spent the last 15min or so sourcing out album art for my songs. @.@ srsly.. gotta find a better way to spend time 
im starving need home time  james you better not eat my spagehetti bologneise ( i know i cant spell )
ahh I wanna listen to the new all time low song but my internet is being ridiculously stupid 
had a bad day...hubby too bz to spend time with me...i hate not being able to be with him every moment of my existence 
jason is a very busy boy,so much to do and so little time to do it in 
@lindseydl -- oh, you posted that, too. i don't think i'll be up in time to go to any of them ever again. 
@ElektraFi ahhhhh I wish I could!  maybe next time 
No waiting time at chiro or atty appts today = no time to crochet 
@R_shawn  didnt get to see ya lolz maybe next time...
@DannyLAVillegas ha ha ha!! Last year this time I was a beast *speaking of prego ladies!* I couldn't eat then I can't eat now  !!!
exam time, woooo 
is wishing it would quit raining all the time! it's like washington! jeepers...i want heat and sunshine! 
@xoxoJL ya i know...those bills always pile up around same time when i get paid 
i had the best time ever at camp i met these 3 awesome ppl and then swam and then we had to go home on sunday 
http://twitpic.com/7hu15 - thinks she misses spending more time with the girls 
@hsabomilner Thats a long time to wait 
@DonnieWahlberg you left uk out,after all that time filiming B.O.B here too 
time for school, oh noes! 
time for school, oh noes!  i'm still so sleepy
im on the internet on my laptop for the first time in 2 years......finally  i wish i was in rathmullan 
@theothernt firebug profiler tells me all the time is spent in init() 
I think ima study tonight for the first time ever 
@doorofkukondo sory I'm Accompanying @11fires on deliveries from 4.30  another time tho)
@heykyeh i'm not digging the new all time low music. its depressing. hahaha 
@katie_turek haha yeah it took a long time but i finally accomplished it...you are gone from the state? 
i wish it would stop raining all being shitty all the time. 
i wish it would stop raining and being shitty all the time. 
Ever had that feeling where your hot and cold at the same time ur body is aching from head to toe u can't keep ur food down..yaa I'm sick 
@I_Maidenchick idk, last time i remember filling his water bowl was sat afternoon, looks like its not been touched. dont know what 2 do 
make it real easy. argh! what a waste of time 
busiest day of my life. four teeth drilled. getting two more drilled on wed. and a crown. fml. writing thank yous till sleep time. 
ah im getting sleepppy!!  i think its nap time...
@carrie_darby and I miss you too!!  its so sad..please tell me next time you go to nashville so we can plan on a trip too!!
@lisamh77 very quick - im not sure i loved it  i had 10th row seats and didnt even have time to say hi to all the guys
ok time to watch a little tv. Its raining 
@BLACKBARBiiE88 no but at 1 time i did when she dissed beyonce and ciara but she said she didnt..........   
@TheRedString exactly what sam said the best i can do to help half the time is tell stupid jokes or draw a picture to try to cheer you up 
Sometimes i really wish i were sum wer else, also i tink stupid things like all the time....does my head in 
@gerst521 baby! i do that all the time when i watch tv at ur place 
time to get some sleep! wish indians would have won! 
i am feeling sorry for myself...this time last year i was NOT a fat...ass... 
@FashionGuru he's no longer humble, and it shows. hurry up! it's been a min!! i missed @ari_so_focused when she came thru last time too 
needs a break from the bosssssss. cant stick it to the man this  time  but i can flee to palm springs!!!
@katthebatmanfan I haven't in a LONG time hahaha I hate the computer 
no time to read the new tweets...  gonna do it later
@jtimberlake im off 2 dreamland soon cuz thats the only time i can ever see you  i hope i get money in time for vegas this year! 
orlando in 2 days! @botdfmusic isnt even performin then  who's gonna show me agood time while i'm there cause cant spend it with the fam.
@aaalan  yesss and time seems to go by too fast ==
I need more time yo! 24/7 is not enough 
nah i couldnt come up with anything  maybe next time
hanging out with the corey and his broham one last time before he leaves town 
@pReHaB212 lmbao that might be the biggest let down of my life  you gotta have something ready for me next time old timmer
@jlieu aww im sorry 2 hear that  maybe next time?
@WinnieVuong hey, if someone would send me to paris, i'd go! But most of the time there are responsibilities here, and that's expensive. 
@slip_n_sly I took my time cuz I didn't want them 2 end 
@baby__jane you didn't even watch it with me  ms. too sleepy all the time. heart breaker.
oh my i hope everything is going to be okay. the time flew by 
hi ho, hi ho. so much to do. so little time. yargh. must. memorise over 2,000 words in 5 hours.  year12 memories stay away 
@MadamSalami oh poo  being skint is no good at a time like this  when is the cake going to be built?
http://twitpic.com/7h5ut for the first time, the beach sounds very.... stressing. 
@simplrdesign Aww we're sorry  We'll buy you a 1/4 of a pint when we see you to make up for it! (It's only free for a limited time btw!)
ok, time to go  bye xx
@o2sbe evening long time no tweet hows you? and wish i was but ya no  no pennys
@SophiaF3F3 aww u would answer for me! il make sure i tell u next time  im sorry
is gutted this wk will be the last time spent with her 54 girls before we move out forever  cosmic tuesdays!!
what am i gonna do with all the baking stuff bought????!!!!! i have no time to bake now!!! 
@easyleesy im sorry i was crying out my eyes  and you did last time i checked
so tierd...... just wanna finish my painting already, but no time... 
@RevRunWisdom thats the best thing u coulda said to me 2day..im goin thru such a rough time 
@jcftang time to get some sleep. oh, crap! can't ... 
Apparenty it's not test takin' time. I'm early! 
time to get to sleep  huhu. alright, enough. goodnight, everyone! 
time to go to sleep  huhu. alright, enough. goodnight, everyone! 
@merkaboi yea....24 hrs is a long time 
@01ps RAHHHHHH. dinner another time. I never check my phone on the way home  Only checked after I sat my ass down.
@wandafraser yeah, I know your a twit. and I would come hang out... but I don't have any sick time left... so... I gotta go to work. 
@wanderblah where have you been! uh oh looks like wrong time to plan meat up 
Trying desperately to lose an inch of fat from body to fit nicely into newish dress in 5 weeks. Need t wee all the time tho. 
@la_le yesssss!!! She has a wedding  next time for sure!
don't have have time to jog this moring  got some run i have to do!! idk maub make tome for it later!!
time to motivate.. lets hope my skillz aren't too rusty. 4 months since i've touched illustrator  .. its like riding a bicycle, nvr forget
wants to blog but got little time.  Anyways, goodnight. I'm finally enrolling for school tom!
@riankate you should visit when i get laid off..then i wont have to worry about taking time off work.  hahaha....not really that funny 
okay so, now is not a good time to be cutting my shifts jb hi fi you pricks. I have fees and tyres to pay for  stress
@lundstudio oh I've been there...my littles get me sick all the time 
@KatyBeanHall yeah i'm safe, but its a dark time. the place wont be the same - dont know how much longer it can go on like this. boooo 
oh.  time is going by so slowly 
&amp; i cant believe i.got my ass whopped last night by my 5yr old cusin playing ds mario racing kart. smh she had a good time beating me! 
is having a hard time tweaking wp 
@HiChi23 embarassing confession time.... i don't know what hub pages are   but I'm gonna find out...
lil sis is havin a fit. she's gettin her hair conrowed for the 1st time. I feel so bad I cnt do nething for her. 
is ashley don with her time at disney channel? i never see her there any more 
is going to chinese restaurant with the girls now! It'll be the last time I will see my chinese friend 
@tjmoss oh and it doesn't help I burn all the time 
finally have the time to get my bb to work! sorry guys forward me ur pins again!!  left shaun at the airport 
@joshlewis1972 ow god i hate it when they take blood :-/ i pass out every time..its too much  i dont no hw u do it !..hwever good u do!
@prestonlowe  no house warming party this time... When I get a spot by myself (I have 2 roomates now  ) there's def gonna be one
well getting ready for my nite time nap.  b up laters  im tired 
@db0y8199 Yes that is mean...  How u gona forget about me whn u getin ur coffee ..But i will still wait till next time
I think @dariusjamar is gonna fight me next time he sees me in the club and I'm scared.He's my brother and I don't want us to fight 
horsey didnt win  my dad is devestated haha he had a nice bet on it, unlucky theres always nex time
all time low on mtv not again 
ellen and general hospital time with my mommy. its still raining 
i wanna see katie, but she doesnt have time for me this week 
uhhhh, matth review time! 
nap time! sooo tired. 
@gabebondoc haha bro that was fun  unfortunatelly i couldnt write  those live videos are so cool  what time is it in cali? much love
@TheRealRyanHiga err this rly sucks my tweet time line is freezing up so i cant get ur replys 
thinks it's time to redo windows.  http://plurk.com/p/11g0ka
@wethetravis - question, are you gonna be on tour with all time low and cartel bc i saw it on altpress but my venue says no  ?
dammit, battery is running low. I might dissapear for some time soon 
@dannygokey I was there with ya at comcast.. too bad my questions didn't get answered, but maybe next time. 
man i havent tweeted in a loong time! im watching jeopardy. i wish i wuz smart so i could blurt out answers just lyke that!!!  but im nawt
 no no noo i absolutely refuse to be sick at a time like this !
Me duele mi stomach  time to eat!
I've been lazy all dern day.. about time i got my ass outta bed. trying to make songs ringers for my iphone. I'm confused! 
just found out my all time favorite teacher died saturday 
@just1mom but I don't.  lately I have good stuff 60% of the time (summer is the worst for bud bc most dealers leave town &amp; it dries up)
-- unfortunately lost alot of the music I'd been working on recently   , but good a time as any to start anew!
yea, scott got home just in time to put sara to bed.  Now it is dinner time.  Unfortunately, he has to work again tonight 
Having a hard time with sony vegas 
@cheerok stephanie!!!!!!! my love i miss you so much already!  i can't wait to hang witcha all the time girrrl!!!
@livnb yeah itll probebly be engaged most of the time... 
@hurley999jb grandma this time. Unfortunately a much more serious situation  what a week
@LostInKY lol yes, but that never affected it. I guess it's just old, idk  can I add some playlists to yours for workout time?
@dakini_3 yep I'm back... It rained the whole time... 
getting redy for work  BUT pumped taylor york became an officall member of paramore!! about time 
man...I'm outta the internet loop these days, haven't had hardly any personal surfing time, and thus I've lost touch with the real world 
@TraciLeigh I just feel like I came here at a bad time b/c everyone is busy. I wanna go home 
@n4th4nn I'm really sorry to hear about your loss.  I wish I could see his prickly ass one more time.
@ddlovato i would totally go if I could! but I'll have to wait your next time in brazil.. 
havent twitterd in a while..........also havent heard any intresting news lately....life is boreing at times 
@menace718bk hmm rite.. but haven't got enuf time 2 do dat  how r u??
@carolinano my bb fucks up all the time  
I only give u a hard time cuz i cant go on and pretend like i havent tried to forgive/forgive this....but im much to full of resentment 
mannn ii miss the beach!  &amp;&amp; i didnt have time to go when ii was hOme..ugh
@dahlbyk You don't have to tell me! ;) it's not released yet, even though it's been done for quite some time  #starcraft2
@kannychan hey, i was just thinking the same. how come we didn't include hock guan this time? i'm still feeling the brownie inside me 
I'm mad I missed college hill  I didn't get home from skool til 10:45pm..I had to unwind &amp; by dha time I did that it was off
@chillspapa lmfaooo I was waiting for you this whole time! Like omg she missed the episode!  good shittttt lol
I'm mad I missed college hill  I didn't get home from skool til 10:45pm..I had to unwind &amp; by dha time I did t.. http://tinyurl.com/lsllzt
i done missed my fly time with @OfficialROME sooo pissed. if i didnt have lil bro i would be out all night 
@DRAFT_Picks not yet  3 days rest needed - if I must get up it's bootie time!
Then again, he can hardly know...we don't talk ever anymore. &gt;.&gt; this is the first time in months. And he's leaving.  idc.
i'm not going to say anything this time .. but now i feel i gotta babysit 
well i guess its not available at midnight ny time 
@courtney_s meh, searched for awhile, but better to work on the edits  no time for fun *sigh
heading to louis to meet up with my dash dolls!!! party time! count down before they leave miami! 
wishing i could talk to @kevinou  missing you like crazy! bed time in jamaica... exhausted is an understatement.
And its show time housewife finale I only seen 3 eps why it gotta end? 
@DGPhotographer wow ur true fan! Lol damn what time is it at? I wrk 
need girl time.  i gots not giiiiirl anymore. *le sigh*
@LegatoGunsmoke remember that one time we drove through tally singing bon jovi with the windows down? yeah i miss you. 
after at least 1 hr searching...i can't find any music i want to buy on itunes.    what a waste of time
@wakeup_maggie aaw i just went on  next time...
yeah, it is waaaay past my bed time now 
i totally forgot to eat dinner.. now i have no time and im hungry 
im so busy that i dunt have time to pee 
seriously, this weather is scaring me.  anyways, time to snuggle... goodnight tweetle-doos..
@valdyharnandy hey, it's been a while since the last time u replied my tweet.. how r u? i love you! i'm so bored, hhh 
@calliekins no time for the fam 
i just got done cleaning and organizing and im exhausted!!!  time for bed.
i had ribs today and my belly hurts oh so bad  that's what happens when you stop eating meat for a long time  i think imma go vegetarian
@JustinMGaston was it? i wanna see it so bad, but i don't have any time at all 
taylor swift one on one, jonas on kimmel, bed time, then english exam 
@HelloHowardYou  fine we get it. we'll get outa your car the next time you wanna try to school a s2k
trying to calll bradie..but hees number is busy  it cant be busy allll the time
havent tweeted in a looooong time  ... soo, hello again twitter  ^^
im guessing midnight was not the time of the release 
would just like to know she int wastin her time 
Just lost $6.50 at poker  oh well I did better than I thought for my first time.
oh, maaan. i'm suuuuuuuuuuper tireddd. time to go to work 
I am not gonna wake up in time for the laker parade euw. iphone upgrade nooowwwww 
Y do soo many talentless ppl have my phone number  *sidebar* I LOVE the F.A.B.O.L.O.U.S record &quot;my time&quot; I think its called....
@dmagtipon I've been up the whole time and I haven't learned a thing and I'm about to sleep. What am I doing w/my life? hahaha-fail 
listening to u + ur hand - just wondering why do i lose followers all the time. 
I'm wasting alotta time right now 
@whysogreen I didn't get a servey!  but you would hope they do given that ppl are taking the time to fill them out.
@ohi_sarah You do. But you reduce my ego all the time 
gone to bed now. gotta be up in 5 hours  just gonna watch the patron tequila music video 1 more time than its bedtime lol i luv that vid
im home alone.&amp; all the workouts, no time 2 chill, and no time 2 have fun is taking a toll on me.I think its called growin up    
Friends coming over tonight... shasawi 3asha?? :s Salads ba6lib men salad boutique.. what else? no time 
@xbllygbsnii right am off for lunch - aah odd time  i'll come back at 2 lmao ;) i'll text when i get back in? ;). i love you! xxxxxxxxxxxx
wishes I'll be here for a long time  http://plurk.com/p/11m0qs
@makeupbylinvia ya, i go on it all the time! but now it's started re-directing me again and i can't remember how to change it 
erghhhh im ill  radio saves me from day time tv
saw tina fey filming in time times square last night! feeling slightly ill right now 
hahah I notice that every time I update it shows I'm using a diffrent application, I just can't find one that I like 
so i just dropped my laptop for the first time  great move chloe
My internet sucks!! having a hard time researching for my hw 
So we're stuck in traffic now n we gotta be there before 8!  But there's a flipside of course, more time with susy! :-D
@lovemehatemeh, haha, im watchin them now. Haha. Geeezzh! I always missed the time @DavidArchie 's online by web. 
havent.. aww. updated in a long time 
i wish i could surround myself with jonas stuff all the time. i'm getting withdrawel symptoms 
Just finished reading da vinci code for the first time. The middle was great the ending disappointing. 
I convince myself all the time I can cook bacon in a pan, and then I come close to burning down my apt and remember why I can't. 
Every time i go to starbucks i get a deformed lid. 
Too many things to do, too little time.  atm, goodnight world!!!
@K_1977 We have had amazing time, don't wannqa come home  can i come back in your suitcase pleeeease hahah x
on our way home  excited to be there and out of the van.. and to see my lacey ann jackson!but sad at the same time to have to go home lol!
@mt_m yep happens to me all the time 
 does any1 know wut time its sposed to rain?
@minipush21 now she is a time hunnie!  I wanna see her soooooo bad! 
so...bk home...end of another day...time goin so fast and not getting any leisure time !!!  hmmmm
Just realized she has a paper due monday and that she literally has zero time to write it. 
@Jonasbrothers awww man, wish I lived in dallas  even if I drove now,I wouldn't get there on time 
@TJNeonLimelight nnnnnoooooooooo! That's hap 2 me 3 times n each time I cried like it was a person. N I might have 2 do it again soon 
@foxxxamillion I know!! I didn't know y'all were going!!  next time fa sho!
wishing i could go back in time and go to texas stadium...   oh well!!!
@Carambelle: well, I dunno... we'll see, huh? :S in last time, we 1. don't chat often and 2. got nothin to say.. 
back home fm the geeks, yes my computers dead!  ah well, time to start looking! oh, you need to pay for it subbies!
@iamjonathancook 5:48 is a hella random time . i wish i can go 
one day i might get over france. don't see it happening very soon though  pictures still make me cry. such an amazing time of my life &lt;3
oh damn i got an D in latein  but its good the last time i got an E  but the bad news wont stop hm  i lovee him man &lt;3
i would make the worst drummer in the world. im either to late or to early. being on time isn't in my blood 
bored and upset i couldn't go to the park with my special someone.  mabey nxt time
had an awesome time with my hs friends @ starbucks....gonna miss u guys 
i was about to say.F*ck the upgrade, if it doesnt go this time, lol its upgrading now... bye bye hello kitty iPhone 
@iamdjkriscut well then, must be time to say good night!  i'll come see ya spin after i move to socal.  i want a cool dj name too 
its been a realy long time since there has been somthing realy good on tv .. .. 
@zombuki yep! we did!!!! we fed those for quite some time until we had our first flea attack 
@blurskies i know! omg i miss him from the 70s  i want a time machine rn!
@epastore ha! Which one this time? You're gonna get sick of me 
@bawalmagdamo thx man! yes, now that I actually have the time haha I'll def try to come out more often! miss na miss kayo 
tiffany and deanna are over, what joy. spending time with my friends and NOT at the lakers parade 
@TwittleMissBIG  you guys are mean pobrecita  next time shell run away with kobe 
@haybrianabanana @nickbalzo @samanthasin yah i think its time to cut down the penis jokes,its not that funny 
@kaviator grrrrr my dad does that all the time! 
@Linkaxo eh most of the time they are. i just asked her and she said no  but that doesnt mean shes not gonna change her mind.. haha
ok so wipeout and sytycd is on at the same time um I will just flip back and forth we don't have a dvr anymore 
ok girls...here's my update...i don't have as much time as you to get on here, but i try  forgive me OPALLA!!! lots of luvs
@trilliannext whats in new york in november (besides you!) cant remember if youve told me already! shame we're not there the same time 
@b2_yafavfatboy aww look at mini sean. I'm not close to a computer so i won't b able to upload one any time soon 
... that homework wont be done by tmrw. I feel kinda bad  i like having my stuff on time. im loafin man, not good
i would love to grab you from the bank my friend, what time?? i just found out im probs not gunna get my iphone for 1.5weeks  @madalainev
Hey @littlerachel18@hotmail.com what time you got? it's 01:45 here   (RachelSexton live &gt; http://ustre.am/2ve1)
is thinking it is bed time, got hosp tomorow woo 
@RealtalkHeem 2 what time now? Who am I gonna talk 2 now on my insomia nights  ull be passed out.
@bleedingxsoul well it's about time. my roots are gross! and omg i hope that story isn't true. 
transformers 2 @ IMAX - fully booked. konting bad seats na lang natira  ibang showing time, sold out na. though, i got my tickets na. yey
@GianMC I text just to get straight to the point, as I don't always have time to make small talk. I do understand the predicament, tho. 
omg, myfinger hurts. handwriting isbetter than typing, but I can only do so much at one time. I so wanted to get this outline done 2nite 
@lilmzpartygurl I thought da hair was for me da whole time 
@kevshawn  for trying to not get you drunk! last time i try to help, fuck it we are getting wasted then!
ok, enough twitter. time to crack down and study :| 
is on a race against time.  http://plurk.com/p/11r7jc
That's okay. @hanajibu Just seem to entering that time of life where the sux days out# the not-so-sus ones. 
@Jcat07 why dont you tweet me all the time 
omg!! every time  i hear  turn right and before the storm i begin to cry 
@EmilyButler  thats lame, you should punch the whale next time he shows his stupid face
having a fab time ay the #esks game #yeg. spilled my #beer though! 
being miserable.. i need to find time to go to the drs 
being miserable.. i need to find time to go to the dr 
There's nothing that I couldn't say becouse I've said it all before I think it's time to me walk this lonely road all on my own, but..  
@_kaetran u free this weekend? i wanna do sumthing fun. havent had fun in a very long time 
@CreateASquid ohh good god why is everyones birthday around the time I leave?? The guilt is really starting to get to me 
or apparently it just magically worked this time.. oh server you are so finicky about booting correctly 
@marcusbright sorry bro!!  next time there's a class i'll hit you up!
cruisin' nowhere to kill the time.. mmm.. lil'bit hungry here.. 
@YESandME thats sad   he only always made us smile and took time to talk to us. he was always so sweet. i hope he comes back! i miss him
@roymayor hahaha. yeah. we tried to go but we r a couple hundred miles away. we didnt make it in time 
me vs sil 4 6, 7 5, 3 6. i had it  stupid stomach started hurting, last time i eat anns nuclear green vegies.
@adambarber I don't think I'm gonna have time to work on it now :/ I'm really pissed because I wanted to but it'd be hard to squeeze in 
&quot;Everybodys saying he's not coming home now.&quot;---  worst song my family couldve heard in a time like this...
I'm outta time .... going to bed, dreaming that maybe when i'll wake up i'll be seeing your smile...... although.... it'll never happen 
Although the chest pain is nothing new cuz I get that ALL the time an since I was little 2 cuz of my heart problems. But 2days worse. 
@gillianlochrie sounds like ur having a fab time. Obviously ur missing all the rain here tho! 
can't go fetch nic already lo.. auntie lynn said should arrange with nic earlier so they can plan their time.. so sad.. 
Starting to feel like i'm gonna throw up for the 3rd time tonight (so random!!)  turning in early so maybe it'll go away.
@redspyda01  i know, wheres the time gone? 
my mom threw my world schedule,away,now i have no clue what time i go in tomoroww,im screweddd 
time for sleep..dont think ill be working out in three hrs  
omgz this whole eating healthy shit is making me eat so much more cos im so hungry all the time 
@FakeLucas what do you mean &quot;follow the real lucas&quot;? have I been following a poser all this time?   
@shaundiviney Still waiting,,,,,shame its not you though    haha, maybe next time eh?     xo
bed time. i want demi lovato 
fall out boys's coming in tw. how cool is that? unfortunately i'll go to japan at that time. 
@STARisDAbomb aww  well wat is i gonna do in me spare time if i cannot stalk yooh? o.O
@redchinese19 yes  i dun wanna do no hard time man! Haha
aghh time to get up again  gona get the grocceries with kirsty...should be interesting...
ghost wisperer was intense... hahaha great show.. ok now music assignment time.... gahhh 
@cidermaker bummer!!! Usually time to catch up on a few zzz's 
i need mcfly's new cd! i couldn't find it that time  it was sold out.
is home from europe. can't sleep. been up for 24 hrs. stupid time differences.. i wish brian didn't have to work tomorrow, boo 
@paolizq not only my english, my (poor) german and spanish too! That happens every time when I'm very tired 
ugh, im so mad. i finally get to sleep late and my body wont let me  im so used to getting up early dat i cant sleep past a certain time
bike frame didn't fit  but joel @cycle_loft was awesome, thanks for spending the time.
@lala0000 I failed @ picture taking  was in the movie theatre, they sat the whole time. the sec it was over he was out of that uniform lol
@amylong i took my contacts out at the wknd before I got the infection. Last time I checked they dont make dailies 4 my prescrip. 
going to my flat in dundee soon for the last time  its going to be odd not living in dundee anymore after being there for 2 years!
uhhh.......... no  study time again!!!!!!! 
@R_O_BHUSHMONEY ohh ok, so u have no time to talk to me  lol j/k
@StephenDoll hey mister. long time no see. i miss you and the other boys. 
bedroom tv is starting to fail big time 
ughh packingg it up. time to leave va 
has been driving no its time for revision ooo wat a wonderful life cnt wait til 2mz 
@emmetmcc eww right enough the weather.. ici is otherside of town so by the time i get up and stuff i'd have to make tracks  hate ici!
@JLSOfficial so gutted i never got in it seems that every time i come to support u guys it fails  xx
Is wondering if she can just *draw* her rough audio slideshow as it isn't looking like she's gonna have access to any real people in time 
im not well and im going on holidays on sat..  i dont have the energy to move.. let alone pack my bag and get chris ready too. sleep time
Still cant get on the internet to check my email   other than that so far im havin a great time!
@djdnice http://twitpic.com/7nifr - How you gonna post this around the time I leave 
@liveeverymoment I know  my mom just told me. I'm happy but sad at the same time. 4 days. I gotta get packing 
being with you is like a rollercoaster ride.  You make me happy and sad at the same time.  Mabubuang ako sa you... 
ok heard what i needed to hear now its time to let go and move on. 
trying to check out the traffic to see if I can fetch @zsoa in a reasonable time, but www.utv.hu is kinda defunct... 
@MacSupporter ur new patient? what makes her horroble? oh gosh 7 minutes?? u can only eat a granola bar in that time 
@aianna21 Aww booo, we're not going to get twin time 
@LaBellaBOSS  dont do ya dog like that ima come visit this time hell i jus might stay wit u 2 make up 4 our lost smoking time lol
@araytoremember aww  i go out to bars all the time in rockaway and it was a wacky wednesday special and i stayed out tile like 3. WAAACKED
@nizbiz This time U shud have translated it buddy! 
@xEviie lol yeah. Like the talk shows are good. It's good practice! I used to have it on all the time, but I couldn't pq nadie comprende. 
feeling kinda pissed at obama for the first time...the gay rights lies especially, not to mention the forgiveness of torture 
@danny6114 I know  If you want it, request a reprint. They reprint that one all of the time. I have it in three colors!
@jordanknight  I want to cruise w/ u next yr! But not sure the hubby, as supportive as he is, will be ok with the time and $$   
lunch and nails with pooja. last time i see her until august  that's a shit long time without my bff.
@kristennn_m  that sounds so nice right about now! its such a sucky day   we need girl time asap caz my life sucks. ha
@fashionguru mama can u twitpic me tht keri hilson one more time lol i tried 4 like an hour 2 find it b4 i asked but i cant  *HAZElLUVe*
@skishua I know  &lt;3 when your online on skype again no matter what time it is &gt;&lt;
@skishua I know  &lt;3 when your online on skype again text me no matter what time it is &gt;&lt;
gotta get to bed. there's no time in a day for anything.   &lt;3
time to do laundry   &quot;Clothes wash yourselves!!!&quot;.....*no movement*  They obviously dont know how to take an order.
At the dr.'s again.. This time for her blood test.. I know she's gonna cry 
@BefiBeez great my eyes are leaking for nuffin i hate being kind and gullible the same time  @samjmoody are u being serious btw?!?! xxx
What is up to all my st.louis friends 2day?they r busy n dont have time to hang out with me  im just glad that edward is keeping me c ...
@Gatzzy totally. The new albums sucks big time 
just got the red ring of death on xbox360... second time it's happened well there goes playing ghostbusters 
@OlieRuiz I didnt get tommys this time tho... 
I feel kinda bad cuz I'm at my g-mas (again) and this time I'm sleeping over and I'm upstairs tweeting... 
mommy taked me to da vet today and i gived her pitiful eyez da whole time...didn't work tho 
My full time status is in the air now, I'm not sure whats going to happen with that. I will ask my manager when she returns to work. 
http://twitpic.com/7mjxs - every time i see this it makes me miss my bf 
@boysforpele32 lmao #drunktweet time already? I'm still at work   @nrs_tyler_texas said it was #thirstythursday this morning...hmmmm,  ...
sooo many hints you just don't get... i guess im one in a million, normally that's good, but not this time  i remember when i was special.
@jerseyzmorenita last time I came out there U was no where 2 B found smh 
Meeting time, brb. 
blah... my window won't roll up. time to win a poker tourney 
I wanna stop the time. 
@OhSillyGeorge im sorry but we can't c everything all d time 
@OhSillyGeorge sori bout dat but we can't c everything all d time 
Just got off the ph to my bff, he is having a hard time 
time for hw 
I just ordered the new mac!  but the delivery time is estimated 11days  (30th) they better be f*cking joking! &gt;
nevermind, no helmet  maybe next time! i was a little excited too...
@sway75 still can't believe ma now 23, why is time travelling so fecking fast  x
@posty That's just... whirlpool.  OK, sure, it's populated by arseholes most of the time.
@coledude unfortunately, no pics. Just a lame shot of the pits and my buddy's totalled 848.  step bro didn't come to take pics this time.
@rebeccamezzino hi hun...glad you had a good time. I'm really cheesed about missing out on chatting with you in person 
I haven't had any time to enjoy my vaca! I feel like I've been working ever since schools been over! 
think abt my ppl all the time 
gg ps3  any chance at warranty support 2.5 years later with the yellow light of death?
@shabanas I KNOW! their tango wasn't that bad! i get so mad when the judges praise kayla all the time and leave max out  he's so good.
@ddlovato still sad i cant see uSunday  mom wont let me go even though im in college!cuz i've seenJB 2many times but glad saw u last time
family time! hahaha eating with ate eunice&lt;3 hahaha, amma miss her  its making me sooo sad!
@RealOneTreeHill I think the time change is gonna hurt the show. need the gg lead in, esp without leyton  any reason given for the change?
@cuddlenic101 oh ok thas a good time! I can only stay like 3 days tho cus I got school 
hates that laura is even further away, it was bad enough before but now having to deal with further time zones... 
@miacarruthers too bad u werent staying any longer  i couldnt find u last nite at all! u kept moving! i guess i'll try next time!
time to relax and get ready to go back to work tomorrow----oh yukkkk 
it's 11.34 am. thats close enough to noon for a drink. just one this time. not 5000. i dont think my internal organs like me very much 
@CaylaCheri haha yeah, i ended up not having the time to go lay out though 
@lulusdotcom nobody notified me like they said they would when http://tinyurl.com/mc64jb came back!  luckily I swooped in right in time!
@Amerigyrl93 I wish we had a frosty palace o how time hav changed 
@chrismealey That's... that's just madness! i need to spend more time in denver 
Here with my cuz finally texting aaron but taking a long time to text me 
yea just finished brushing my pearly whites...time 2 hit da sack..wish she was nxt too me 
ok i dont think the direct deposit worked  ha... time to watch tv..
@Mysticpurz then def. cant go  no time off left.
@RachelRaye no vegas this time 
The suns up over calor millor time to go home  off to the airport we go  http://twitpic.com/7rypf
i'm up WAYYY pas tmy bed time 
Guess I won't be having any &quot;me&quot; time this weekend after all... 
omg I'm so mad! I noticed the big dipper on nicks face a long time ago. not fair 
@chefgmoney Awww, thats a shame, I lived in portland, or where it rained all the time for liek 5 months, I miss it. 
@MommaSalty All the fucking time. That's why it takes me so long 
these tears come ouut at thw wrong?time 
@mhannas &quot;you never answered your txt?&quot; how is that possible? I always do that  I think I'm doing that every time 
@heidijo98 oh man, that game again, I cant play this time 
just woke up, gotta get ready for school. but i think im running out of time again. dangg 
time for some zzzzzz's I'm gonna dream bout my poor stolen phone 
had a great time w. my baby before i go back to oakland &amp; he leaves for florida  now watchin lil miss sunshine (:
@kliuch omg I love it! the guitar solos are fantastic! but it's the first time i've heard the song.. shame on me? 
oh shit ...I want to go dancing  in the upside I cant recall the last time my body has felt so relaxed and satisfied~due to touch &amp; breath
hasn't been home at this time on a friday for as long as she cant remember.. it's weird. wish i was skating like usual 
ok.  time to go to bed.  be back in a few minuets  i really don't get enough sleep..
he wont text me back.. i think we broke up[ for goood this time  @jaymilski
is talkin 2 tony.....enjoyin the time we have 2 talk until bed.....i still love him.....but i can not be with him right now 
time to babysit. ewwww 
Ugh idk...  last time @ the beach I regreted going!
@MattyBulman it's a lot mate, cos o2 arnt allowing early upgrades this time, therefore I have to pay off existing contract then buy phone 
goodnite my twittas...  until next time umma holla
@ASKTechNetUK nope  time to power up the virtual machine ( lol or install firefox and try it ;)
@brigittepicot @brigittepicot hahaha. u girls can afford to eat at any time lor! not fat like me!!! i had congee for lunch 
@jamie_oliver what time is it today? i've missed the last couple  
Baloon ride cancelled again - this must be the 20th time I've booked it   I'm beginning to think that it's never gonna happen
is home on a friday nights... sucks big time 
another goodbye, this time to claudia  starbucks, bag shopping and some hidden tears...
at work, 1st time since end of april. nothings changed. 1 patient today. have cold 
Has so little to do in such a long time  xxx
see you later tammy ... in six weeks time. 
on the plane leaving miami  time to get back to reality 
@ajrafael wow i just missed your blog tv  dang you time fidderence ._.  just woke up. next time ill watch it buddy 
time to get up. yuck. i wanna stay in bed. 
@johnlegend huh? last time? ure leaving us? 
@Contore guess that explains why my calls were'nt answered....   u time is good tho....take all the time u need ;-)
@simmo3 has gone to silverstone, hope he has a nice time but i'll miss him lots  looking forward to my bday night out 2mo with the ladies
cant believe this is my last night with you for a veryyyyy long time  i wish you didnt have to go...but i'll be carrying your love with me
Is in need of a new car...it's going to be time toi say goodbye to this one soon 
just had jaffa cakes for the 1st time in a year!!  i hate that australia doesnt make them  sad times
grrr, cant use own card to get an oyster card  that is annoying, o well, time for rowwing, bai
@mikecashcash @anthonycashcash gosh! the one time im not 
time to say goodbye  tonight---&gt;farewell party. ----&gt; chill where we can  !
@beccaRAR true true time 4 bed  noooo net ball at 11:10
wp 2.8 is giving me tough time. Orkutheroes is temporarily dead 
skipping school today... this is the first reeal time derek's ever been sick and i'm soo worried 
hey .. i just saw that i'm loosing followers .. i know i'm boring most of the time ..but that kinda hurts !!! 
is I really am having a hard time findin friends here. I guess I have 2b patient  http://plurk.com/p/128pci
@ToujoursFrais  upsetting news...reminds me of the time i had to hide my stuffed animals in @tessBK's rm or theyd get thrown away...
@mikel33 I feel ya, I'm getting mine around that time too 
@Sbre53 ahahha parttaaay time with grammmy! lmao and awwee  we shall hang tomorrow or sometime soon! hahah
Out of 16gb's  time just started moving slowly
And now it's time to job search  this is gonna take a while
nap time. im so tired. :/ and tonight...parade. woo... 
@mileycyrus Haha http://bit.ly/eESgx  . It was the g0od 0ld time    I'm n0stalgic 
@bopbopperano pee poo throw up at the same time nani noooo. sad sad 
@MrSwaGGsUrFeR same prob here...it spins for a really long time. guess they didn't work out all the bugs after all. 
when @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry @tommcfly were in brazil, they were near my time zone...now i sleep through all their updates 
@djcrystalellis damn ur at one sunset tonight?  last time I was there the promoter was a dick :/
@missmoosedesign oh, I'm sorry  the last time I had poison ivy it was torture
@josydaisyJKgirl If you are talking about a 5* group then nope that wasn't me  I didnt do 5* this time around.
sorry to all my hs peeps i was supposed to see later on tonight, i really was lookin forward to gettin down wit yall in bklyn  next time?
Sitting in traffic on rt 4 west. Not the best use of my time on my birthday 
At sushi with my momma for the last time 
@jesscahhfosho aww :\ my cousins dog rosie had seisures all the time  itl be okay
just shoot iphone 3gs unboxing video probably wont have time to upload to youtube until late late night 
he called me...but i'm still sad cuz we didn't get to talk for a long time 
@RifdaIriph nothing. i've always wake up at ths time evry mrning. even on a holiday 
@Andipandi9299 One time three nurses and 7 pricks still couldn't find my veins. They had to call the dr and it took him a few tries too. 
@mynameisben_ yeah! aw crazy days.. i cant believe your going to be there this time tomorrow 
omg headaches all the time are not fun at all....... 
Relaxing until it's time to start drinking! I'm really upset though because my ipod is dunzo 
@tommcfly came from wales to see you tonight! why u not come to wales this time? 
@fbb420 not competing this time  im working the tight curves booth
seeing the gf for the first time in a while.  water balloon assasin war is going well, althgouh i lost @jayx33 and @benjamin4sheezy 
@justfinejenjen u lef us! i didn't kn0 u was goin bak...  c u nxt time
Wanting what u can't have SUCKS!! missing him and thinking of him all the time! 
tired &lt;3 ....12 hour shift tommorrow  .......but at least i'm out in time to catch jorge's football game
@songbookbaby @iampriddy  i feel like im in time out
@CaliGina lol im running out of time. 
says oh no... this really can't be... need more time for plurking  karma down again http://plurk.com/p/12b94p
@BamaIsMe Awwww thats not gud  She gots to make some more time for U..
@nickjonas  hahaha say me something At least  (2cnd time) 
aww. its not that i never gave u the time of day... u know what i was goin thru wit that dude bak then [grrr]  @bwise3
@itsMeeeech oh noooooooo  u better keep looking lol we need to hit that club up atleast 3 more time lmao!
yep its all ugly and I have not dedicated time for it 
@CathieWalker wasn't much of a price-difference but line was nil. time suck was rogers' servers being overloaded. 
my comp isnt working  wont be on twitter 4 a long time
wakey wakey. damn i woke up at lunch time 
@hemisofia dat means my heart will hav a hard time watching that agen ... 
@FrescoJ you went! was it stupid? the las time that I went to super jam it was jada and juvi didnt show 
@DavidArchie hey david! did you take piano lessons?? I think this is the 4th time I tweeted you cause you wouldn't reply to me 
sadly..i have nothin  but it is peanut butter jelly time peanit butter jelly time!! lol gotta love family guy
im in the wrong cloud. can i rewind time a week please? 
@ufgatorphil um, that was my fortune from my fortune cookie last time so i guess that's me... 
has not been using her hw time wisely.. 
i let p.c. down  im sorry...... I messed up big time. :/
@MamsTaylor but feel free to any time, you know you'd miss all us crazy folk. and we'd miss you too if it werent for the twitter updates 
@TheP  told u I was gonna be in cali remember? Its almost my bday time!! 2 hrs!!
@Nkgallo   yeah, get some time in to say goodbye.  maybe it will allow you some peace with the situation.
looking fwd to lockdown party tonite though bie cant make it back in time 
@RaqC it wuzzz nuts! i just got home n got me sum grub! no bueno since last time i ate was at 830am 
@Smilezbee  thas a long ass time even after i call
At adelaide airport... boarding in 15 mins, home time!!! I miss my doggies sooo much 
i hate that jimmy fallon ends at a weird time so i miss teh first five minutes of golden girls every night. 
oh  why plz why u wake me up  i dont know why im the only person on earth couldnt wake up the time he want i didnt sleep its just 3 hours 
...drunk ppl traffic dwindling...   guess it shld be time for beds soon...
actually going to bed at a decent time,i wish i was in dallas right now 
it's as if I'm at the party.. listening to all the drama, hahahaha, but at the same time 
@bcurwick last time I checked it was still in their showcase online but I just checked and niether of them were there 
sick  i sedem to b sik all the time now grr
@dinorawr ohh right, that was pretty shit  what time did everyone leave yours.. there were still a canny few when i left at half 10. x
hmm...I think its time for bed baby is still working  yaawwwn* goodnight world!
@lilmomz still waiting for your mailing addy, so couldn't send you anything in  time for your bday. 
@yuri27k u made me hungry  ! enjoy ur time with satschan and holla at her for me ;)
Really wanna watch 'penelope' but i think now is'nt the good time for do that 
just finishEd with my r0uTinary nail cAre..my m0m did it this time,they l0ok.. urgH!! abused.. 
its been a long time! i bet he's not in to 'that' anymore  huh http://myloc.me/4CpK
@__danielle_x I can't come  I won't be back in time?!
i thought it mite b possible i was falling in like 4 u, but now i can c that was more than a waste of time... u've lost ur chance now 
@ashwinpande yaar it's fuckin taking time 
@realmadrid_rock dis time truly dunno..no clue 
@mcflymusic  i was supposed to be going, but i never won the comp i entered  bad times, have fun though, dont break your ipone this time x
@savannahsummers-fine.yuu?im having a hard time doing the line up for s.g. 
oh bugger is it that time already 
Is huuuuungrry  oh and needs a job... big time!!!
shopping time.. hahah how hard choose a dress for @tanyadiza 
ooops..i think i better do it some other time.. tsss.. 
ironic...sutil massive crash in front of @jayegan.....wonder if theres enough spares? the bits were only just made in time 
i want to see hibah ahaha she talks so much... and she stole my ice lolly last time  WAAAAAAAAAAA   ahaha never mind
@unahealyfan ohh i want them now! but im off to a party in a minute again so i avnt got time 
is cursed, and this time there is proof  #fb
@pjtriano I know!  I wanted to see ur sister but I won't have time  http://myloc.me/4DPf
I so wanted to go stef!!   i had to much to do but im going next time!!
@LadyChann thats what im saying, i went for the auditions before n never got in  bt they doing sum theatre thing for it this time BUT...
sup guys! time to sleep but I'm not sleep...  
@kobster nope- I didnt have time  But my sister did! She said it was fun....but she didnt make it
still at the salon. Not even half way yet...  gotta be on time for the ball! Lol
uh shit @natigomes I forgot ! awww poor babyy  aw nxt time !
@carlothewacko GIAAAAN! long time no everything! we weren't able to meet lahat nung termbreak 
I have not been this tired in a long time  holy shit!
havent tweeted in awhile. update time? well bio exam wasnt bad as i thought and he &quot;apologized&quot; .. i dont buy it, gotta work soon 
im stuck with my new mosaic, dunno how to cut tiny tiles and every time i try they fall in2 thousands&amp;million pieces  any suggestions.?.
shower time and then watch sub videos, then work.  I really need to film a video maybe tomm i dont get a day off till wed tho 
@MzDeeva  he's not worth your time if he can't be honest. boooo @ him!
finally awake. time to do some homework. and my roomie's gone and im all alone. sad day 
@alynuttall i know  ! hoping it will fix itself haha btw have a good time tonight babe!
@alaa_alalawi la this is the first time  they don't hurt they just slow me down!
believe it or not...i am losing my malay accent. i was having such tough time speaking malay in hdf workshop... 
i have to start studying for prelims on wednesday.. time passes by so fast.. 
http://twitpic.com/7wxjg - @xxxsteviexxx ah cool, yeah my first time meeting demi too! she spoke to me but i didnt get a pic 
On her way to petsmart on warner and alma school for the last time 
@j_killa double flared tunnel plugs hurt sooo bad. i bleed every time. 
@anni_does I want to play golf, too  last time I did this was in austria, and that's 3 years ago 
@amee_grobler nah i havent seen the hangover  it feels like i'm working all time but i'm still skint
@prkid. only 8 hours  . I dnt think we gonna go see my aunt. Not enuff time becus she lives far . after this i think we goin to st.thomas
woooo hoooo hurray its saturday night in northern ireland and the time is 20:54 and life is.......crap  
is feeling disappointed for the first time, hmmmm........  
@DriaS  , give it time . what's meant to be will be . I have faith in yall !
@ryanferreira im going to miss you so much, youve really been my everything this year.. even though i got mad at you all the time 
do u guys hve those days where ur computer is so s2pid and freeze every 30 seconds? it happens every effing time!!  it is annoying.
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/7xnwx - haha very cute and unfortunate at the same time 
@rachaelwilliams haha did he have his inside you at the time? lol @JimHedley yeah i know  fucking google 
going to have an early dinner with my buddy.....going to think about my superman the whole time 
ok time to go back to class 
@babysista its kool but its freakin raining - so pool time 
@ShannonLeto are you comin back to manchester england when you tour coz missed you's last time not good 
@practise HAHA ur good at korean! yes i know one. but always it's on holiday  so i cook by myself today. let's try it next time in ams-
im a sucker for sandra bullock... time to spend and arm and a leg at the movies! yay! 
cant see the sunset now  well was a great sight...time to go home me thinks
this my first time watchin this joint in a while....this jackson american dream joint is sad as hell... 
well time 2 get dress on this ugly ass day in la...dont know what im doin 2nite and thats the exact reason why i club every week  lol
@davidclowney   so madd I didn't come .....I shoulda jumped on dat red-eye when u invited me the 1st time 
@shimmyIrie tryin' you there but it says you offline the exact time I got on 
back from london had super time with my pfizer mates, oh how i miss them so. horrible work again tomorrow  bed time
is going to sleep in her little bed for the last time. oh i love you flat 8 room 4 
didn't know that accidentally biting my own cheek would damn hurt this much! i'm goin' through a hellish time! argh! 
@KiyoDandre I hope u feel better homie.  haven't thrown up in a loonnng time and don't like it!
@maneeacc i don't know!!! time is far from abundant. i don't have wheels, gotta fix that so i can visit. i miss the pioneer valley 
@doctorfollowill i met you back in the day ... but wont be at manchester this time! credit crunch  http://twitpic.com/3qaon
@FallOutPrinCess men are scum lmfao ........how you been.. imy long time no see 
I'm not ready to retire my iphone  but at the same time there some stuff in palm pre that I really like
peek-a-boo! damn time to go back to work wo0t guess so lol but oh well here we go again time for a 8pm to 7am shift fun fun times 
@DanMerriweather earlier than four? thats what time i have to wake up and I cant fall asleep 
@DamienMcKenna yeah I couldn't make it either!  Next time for sure.
arrgghh!! confirmation dunn!!  but at the same time 
@SoxNationIA I know but no time  this sucks. @igord needs to get rich asap so I can quit working.
watching national treasure... it was time to finally cross this piece of crap off my list.  sorry @theropolitans, it sucks so far 
@carol_carter1 I don't think so  I believe it was just one time each of them
im so sore  break time yet?
on break-- pissed cuz the panty bar look like a damn tornado hit it. which means im not gettin out of here no time soon 
So tomorrow i gotta do a double at work  I didnt even realize my 21st bday is  in 2 weeks so much shit so little time .
i need a lil nightlight this is the only time I have to read my books! when leanne is off to bed! 
@sirmatthews hey u! i hit u up a looong time ago..no responce 
Just play 1vs100 on xbox live for the first time.  I  think my wife did better than i did 
@fugface85 in ptown...watching drag me to hell for the 2nd time hahaha. I hope you feel better 
@Dylziee oh lovely lovely!!! ahh have agood time  haha
going to &quot;dougans&quot; pub tonight (homer, ak) for the last time.  love that little bar
@DougGrean thats been no secret for quite some time now sad 
@TrislynMarie  sry bb, i'll try to get proof...next time...lawl.
had a great time today at cho-yeh...now i miss it even more. 
babysitting lonf time, dont you hate it when the kids can stay up later than you want to?  oh well geet over itt.
i'm signing out.....  next time ulit...
Why does all this time have to hurt soooo much 
@bostonbibliophl oh, that sounds like heaven! Probably not in my schedule any time soon, though 
I hate being sickk! &amp; I hate losing time wiff my best friend because of it   30 days&lt;3
@YoungMurph that makes me happy and sad at the same time. miss you bud. hit me on the cell. lemme know whats good with you fam 
at this time I want to be in dallas 
@jessicalongacre ohhh,alrightyyy,i'll probably just ask her whatever comes out of my mouth at the time,if i ever get through 
Whats to be a big  time singer but that will never happen 
@amandabella dammit, it was sold out and it was last show  oh well, another time!
@staceysuka I shed a tear every time I hear a story like that.  hehe.
Pretty sure im gonna wear my glasses for the rest of my life cause i just accidently checked out my brother for the 2nd time today! Haha 
@kate_mi I heard about it a while back too, but I saw an actual commercial for it for the first time today and it looks so bad. 
@connispage yeah.. the first time that i listened it, i cried ._. the music video is awesome, but sad  taylor always suffers u_u
@petewentz All the time  do you have a solution?
@Broooooke_ aw that sucks bad, last time i talked to mine i think i was 5.. so that's.. 9 years almost. its prob easier for me  x
@Lauraleethatsme i miss you too much  i hope you're having an awesome time in europe!
oh christofer drew...where are you in my time of need!? 
@amannddaaa You don't hang w/me anyway  I KNOW ughhhh. But patience, it'll be the buzz all tomorrow, so we got time eh.
@morgansp12 oh...sad  they really dont have time..too many fans...er!
getting goosebumps every time i think about brother ceci. 
had a great time with camila tonight, but missing a special someone back in dc... 
I'm going to poop an cry at the same time  maybe my bac hurts is all know
had rice water for the first time... ~orchata~? idk. tasted like a churro. felt like my teeth were decaying 
@sicntwistd hmph fine..... I'll just go to my brothers then.  He would LOVE to spend time with me. Since andrea doesn't want to 
hmm lesser sleep as the days go by. by the time im 40 - i'll either won't sleep or be dead 
@vania_angsana ye know what I'm craving for yamien pedassss ahahahahhaha but not this time , aku harus take care lambungkuuuu 
@24lbsofBoost Haha, yeah i know what you mean. I get so distracted all the time 
@maryk3lly i cook too_today its time to do the dusting_ive no charlady because all of my electronic stuff and hundreds of cds 
@maryk3lly oh the suns shine_now its time to scrub the #balcony _flying rats shits...  http://twitpic.com/7ztdk
@kimcfly no cause i couldnt think of one quick enough, and then when i looked it was 11.12  the time had passes, theres always tommorroww
drinking is fun at the time but the morning after is neva a good thing 
@emilie_mc wat time did u get home? my mum is so annoying, shes so anti-social, so she ruins it all for me 
ugh get ready for a new day of bball itll be the last time for me at tenn  but 
@AAband nooo  sweeties, thats so shit. we'll see you an other time then? love you longtime
@krystle148 see u next time yah jeng 
Dangit!!! Missed princess protection program last night  ah welll itll probably come on today some time
@shaki_sm yeah a new iPhone this time next year! But I can't wait that long 
getting ready for 2morrow i just no im going to be so tired  but happy to be spending time with my girls @lucyedwardsx @RachieSD @Lozzie09
reading &quot;battlefield of the mind&quot; again... feels like i'm reading it for the 1st time... haven't learned my lesson yet. 
@lolablades yeah yeah have a sweet time in that shitty tropical paradise you're off to tomorrow. 
@miragelamb im not mad, i just wanted to hlp  count me in 4 the next time then!
oh shit when the hell am i gonna get my stuff at @AzuraErizal's house? i'm not even sure i have the time  yikes
...im realy tired but cant sleep  sum1 wana sing me a lullby or read me a bed time story? Lol
*ork time  god this is going to suck
man...all I wanna do is write! But it's coursework time 
sigh. i feel so bad. didnt spend time with daddy at all today. didnt even call him. sent him a lame text. im the worst daughter EVER. 
@anna8687 awh...  too bad about the no wet t shirt.. next time gorgeous, you'll get to tease the hell out of em.. ;)
@DonnieWahlberg happy fatheres day!! hope u guys have a gr8 show in toronto..couldnt make it this time  much love xoxo
sad time at the steam trains  poor nate
oh god, i'm bloody shaking again. time to down a bottle of lucozade 
@mileycyrus I hope u &amp; nick had a good time. I'm at the beach and haven't been able 2 catch up on my miley news as well 
@travisjr sory i havent sleep. haha. and furreals they have no class? shame on them. omg now's so not my bed time. 
@Liztini lol u know i do. im gonna miss everyone so much! this is a sad time. so so sad.. 
@gone2dmb so he must have  but i was excited to have time to actually talk to fonz, tim, and jeff for like more than just a minute!
need to wake up in 6-7 hours, gonna read a bit before i go to sleep... still way too cold..&amp; it's 2.13am.. time goes by real fast lately. 
im so motivated to make a vlog !!!!!!! but now its time for bed, and by the time i wake up tomorrow, it will be too late 
Watching land before time and im crying. Its at the part where little foot loses his mother 
@Avylina ye guess its time for a clean install and see if that fixes it 
@lilrainbow89 I can't I'm away.  I'm missing like everything! Blates chose the wrong time to go on holiday hahaha.
It's time to stop pigging out, stoopid pms 
boooooooooooored. time is moving oh so slowly 
what about the european time?? hate it ... how is it possible ??? did i fall asleep?? 22:28 P.M. ??are u kidding me?? gotta sleep .. 
ok guess its time to send joe an email back saying i can't help   why do i feel so guilty  lol
sorry nottweeeeted in a looooong time. ven busy peoples! last R.E before summer hols  was a larf
@CocabeanLuv41 girl i have to pass this time or i mite have to get permission from the dean to retake the class lmao...this is terrible 
@MelodyDarlene its time to part ways girl! cry me a river ahhhh!  -ms.amy
i just really hurt my face lol  i shouldnt lol because it actually hurt and aah, ok im going now for the last time :]
im out of the house for the first time in five days! alas its just to go to the dr. 
@alex_d13 bugger - the other @e2conf keynotes are 10pm our time 
At melissa's, seeing her for the last time until august 
vegas was great. now time to unpack  then go run some errands.
sooo tired  bed time for mee!xxx
@taunel yeah lol I wish. You'll have to come next time 
@mikehirschkorn i am having a hard time getting the podcasts to sync to my ipod. 
seriously, why cant i just get a cheap ass tickt to the philippines. 641 for 2 weeks  i hate it. i just wanna sepnd more time with my moms
I'm so dead time for bed - nearly got sex but bf was too tired 
I remember when jon&amp;kate was all cute all the time! Now it's cute &amp; depressing. I do not like this combination! 
oh boo, i'll be in pa when hp and the half-blood prince comes out! and won't have time to see it. 
i'm having a good time in colorado! but I miss my joshy 
Guess we will miss M's dr appt  just hope dh is here in time to pick up E from school and me off to work. I am so absent minded
ok...time to attend marital obligations...i don't like to cook breakfast! 
@mark_alexandre ableton time ;) sorry you lost your job dude 
@CarterTwins I didn't get through.  oh well you guys are still awesome haha and I'll talk to ya next time
ok guys class time  .. this so sucks
Skittles and evolution @ 9 in the morn!!..skittles tasted good at the time..not so much now 
@sonicgames awww naw  i think i was 3rd that time, was i?
@siobhan_photo youll see mee! for the last time all summer  better make it a good one!
@MovieTFan yeah, cuz i left early yesterday; I didn't have time to finish my checks 
@kissedbythesunn u betta off goin there. Mofos kept me on hold ova an hour last time 
I did a performance upgrade to my application - before upgrade: exec time 30 sec, after upgrade: exec time 50 sec.  how sad     #fail
@alicatace heeeey! sorry i couldn't make it last week!  bad times! hope you had a good time &amp; all kewl, hopefully catch up soon! lauxx
@BrianaYvette aawwwwwwhhhhhhhhhh dammy,  I'm not @ work yet, got that welcome home sign 4 u next time tho LOL
@_comtesse hate you so bad cuz I was thinking the same but high school was the time 
this is not a good time to say that i am the worlds most retarded eff up 
I hate laying down for long periods of time because i feel like im going to turn into one of those people from wall-e  
ya i think i should fade away from her this time. 
ive got hayfever for the first ever time  my nose is like a blumming tap grrr
she dosent want to go            guys, next time you see me, give me a hug  on a different note, i cant wait to get my hands on that cd
@gregeh No kidding hey, I've been trying to book a time since last week cuz my screen has some marking that's slowly gotten worse 
sometimes love nocks you down.  and this time it was hard cause it also almost cost me my bestfriend    joey loveyou,nwly i mean that! x.
watchin TV.... but it's alomst time to go to sleep  miley u rock ;) peace
@md20737 yeah....it sucks big time. 
@membin wehehe. was into that for a while because of dennis. still into it but no time to read the manga or watch any episode coz of work 
not gonna make on time for the tests  just impossible.
im glad that my mum doesn't waste her time doing trivial things like food shopping. personally i quite like starving ... 
@DonnieWahlberg i  wish ppl wud actually follow those rules! wen i was on d cruise i did not get any face time evn tho i waited patiently 
'Tis boiling, been tinkering away with an upcoming guide. I think it's time for some Gears 2 though - sadly lacking beer atm though. 
@rocknrollfun oh no! that's cute and sad  when are you leaving woman? do we have time to get together?
@_lue i wish you could be here all of the time 
So many cool git tools and interfaces, but no time at all to try them out  http://is.gd/1aSKf
@vickixashton omg i aint watched that show in time....i find it soooo sad 
@baby_grrrl from 1320- 18.00 ish uk time  she's gotta get the bus  her app is 4pm but is hoping she can go in eArlyer !!
@benkowalewicz hm... you don't reply one time 
@AnnekaBurrett hope you have a good time lady im so jealous 
@marianalizbeth aww mi mari  i hope you feel better! (: omg! a senior already! time passes by so fast! :o
nvr enough time  sigh
just realised haven't moved for like 2 hours and haven't done anything part from texting in that time. eh hate feeling crappy  so down ...
@KyeAlexis oh lucky I wish I could come  summer time chi
@cohnal awww I hope you're having an amazing time! nyc is the best! i miss it a lot! 
@missmaymaybaby my smile was just bigger than urs smh I won't smile at u next time 
@danjwilkinson blimey ... time to get serious     please going well tho - saw tim's stuff with E - looking good
She bout to bounce wit her boo to get shoes for my lil bro so I guess its laundry time  @chrisduhhh
@ndemafeh memba last time u was tellin bout this thing for natural curly thick hair, wats it called? im tired of weave 
Someone buy me a sandwich im broke  and going to be for a long time :'(
needs to just start not caring. time to play wii and not think about that stupid ugly kia rental i have. 
Awee he losttt  oh wells, he still has time to take hannah(:
@BrookeWells i wanna come  better call me up next time!! lol.
ENewsNow lay off miley! those pics r no big d! she is the niiicest person!! EVER! she works w/ 20+ all the time!! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR  
http://twitpic.com/88nih - No time for this 
Still a lil pissed off  but its all good theres always next time!
@stacey_joan  hope you feel better soon. diabetes sucks sometimes. (or a lot of the time!) keep your head up!
Is oh so sad that the only time I'm gonna get to see my bestie is at work... Two months needs to hurry on by!!!! 
Just got back home i was missing it  -not really- it was just one day had a great time with yall girlss (: i truly love ya! &lt;3
But this..this is lame..im just wasting my time!! 
@katiabella yeah, i'm too short, too  yeahh, you've got time haha
@snail_5 you're gonna hate me... Never saw that  I probably could have watched armegeddon one few time :p
The cops just left the front of my house...no drugs  oh well maybe next time...ok back 2 csi
feels like she can't keep up and is being forgotten!  time for dreamland! nite
@nik_kee_dee but 1 hours travel each way makes me long for simpler life, too little time at home  anyhow it's a good day so fuck it 
nee daddy i told u last time if u tell abba one more time.. i quit u ani... and u have been saying abba again and again  I quit.
@stellae that really sucks  im sorry! I back everything up 3x to prevent stuff like that happening. do you use time machine? on a mac?
all shows were sold out tonight for transformers  well at least i got dennys instead with the homies. now it's time for sleep!
@GooHoMeRoDeriCK its about time u replied 2 me i hadma twitter a few weeks no and u never reply bacc...erika dnt either 
@pqrshanth yeah .. i watched it 1.5 years back for the first time...  want to watch it again now .. searching for the dvd 
@TheLindsayLohan when are u planning to go to dubai again ?! i missed sam's party in sanctuary..  wont miss it again this time !
@amy_tran lucky hoe, so the next time i'm off we needs to watch hangover&amp;transformers, I'm missin out 
i wont be on this for a min  need time alone need to get up fallen deeper in the hole...(hurts) ill b ok...? tears to shall dry...........
melbourne just had her best sunset in long time. and as always, i didnt bring my camera 
the bf loves to take his sweet ass time coming home. is it cuz im annoying or ugly or smell or someting? he doesnt want to be around me. 
I won't be having a good time whn sku reopens. 
@NeenoHBIC I'm glad to hear it turned out well ; ) yea I had to work  but next time we will get up
@JKraus1982 oh good nite! I left a long time ago bc I guess I wasnt welcome  U know bc im such a bad person..... What ever!
has had a rough time, bel had chickenpox and poor honey my 9yr old bunny had to be put down. really really sad right now 
Far to tired to be thinking about work but it is gonna happen in about 5 mins time 
dead from a long days work  i fink im gettink sik...&amp; its gota cum at the worst time too...
@BrittKay aww take your time crying bb  after that I'm sure all worst thing will get better.. /hugs
Ahhh leaving orlando  and happyness at the same time!
@lyndamk You never played my motley crue last time. 
@spmyrolemodels gah. last time i went was in dec  and i was hoping to get new music to put on the pod.
@Tomz0rr euuugh thanks hun!  have an amazing time at glasto, have a drink on me xxxx
ok reeaaaalllll bed time now. i feel siiiick 
@hirise_stories oh shit I totally forgot! I might have to miss t2 cause I don't thunk I can catch him another time to get your thingy 
won't make it on time  http://plurk.com/p/13uu8x
@thesharkdude nopes  I wanna watch that but things got complicated last time XD
says back  Busooogggg!! time to do my natsci assgnment  http://plurk.com/p/13uv3q
@whataboutkirsty  so they play my favourites the time im not there! let's hope they play those 2 at leeds
i need to find some time to improve my sculptie skill  its abit hit and miss atm lol
time for chemistry....woopty freakin do!!! 
@x__rachh92 eh  did you have a good time at college? why were you there?
'ello fellow tweeters just thought I'd pop in and say hello. been incredibly busy, not really had time to think  
eff u allergies!! stay awayyyy pleaseeee  i wanna enjoy my time here! not sneeze myself into the next millenium.
@TheJK banh for your buck is on hold, i don't have the time right now 
@gudi1307  i had that exp yesterday...movie and dinner afteer a long long time...and lemme tell you..its nt that great!! 
needs to see an optometrist. i'm having a hard time to read from a far..tsk tsk! i think, i'm near sighted...Transformers 2? CANCELLED! 
He has to put me under to inject both sides of my jaw. I'm terrified of being on anesthesia again bc it made me sick last time. 
one thing i noticed this time is that bhayyas have invaded goa 
@lauraserrato and imma be married two years in august! I think we have taken our time....n my kid getting older doesn't help  we're ready!
For as busy as it is, time sure is going slow.  #fb
@digsby thanks for the update, please don't take a massive amount of time with it, i need it for my ubuntu box 
@justinbieber your so good at singing. i really wish i could come, but i dont have a ride  maybe next time..
@lilyish shawn doesnt even get off til 6:30 in torrance. just let me know! we wont have time to come back home to get ready 
@DonnieWahlberg plz give away tickets for the dallas, show july 17... i dont' have NO money for tickets this time   i had vip last time
dang it! i cant seem to find my grey denims!  dont remember the last time i wore them
BALLS. how much is time?  I wanna buy.
@_hayles Aww  don't! You'll jinx it. what time is it there? haha me..a  dirty minx? neveeeeeeeeeeer. xxx
feels terrible for her grandpa   and my apologies to @bambulkask, gotta meet you next time sweetie ;-)
I'm sitting in the breakroom by myself and someones phone is going off! Arghhhh I can't even have 15 minutes of peaceful time or what?! 
have a good time in india @aliza1512 im sorry i probs wont see you  but i called you  mucho love galizle  will be missing you.
@saad_83 I wasn't late  I was right on time
im glad you had a good time  i wntd to do something nice for u and we did! what r u up to?
all done   time for bed.  buenas noches!!
@franceskim thanks i had a lot of fun...vegas is always a good time for me 
@stinson Was the 1st time I used the lightbox, so a bit rough, but wanted to do it before she got too big! 
@devo21 I know!! I just hadn't had one in such a long time.. The goodness surprised me. 
@MindyNeedsHubby hey you...how's the husband search going ? spring is in the air...ripe time for the pickin' 
I'm loving it...this time da pre poll drama is at its best n surely will reach its crescendo! 
@plutobob me too, dont really have much time to actually sit down and watch tv, i also watch bones 
@mileycyrus miley you can do it  just sleeep! comeon it's like 2 more hours till waney waney time in the mean time watch tru connfessions
@mortonfox Every time I see your TwitVim tweets, I feel the need to use twit.el. 
@fraggierocks Long time no speak  When is baby frags due hun?
@mikearthur I think it's genius (taking shrooms notwithstanding) I'm not sure how well it translates beyond the 1st time, but it's magic! 
@lauracoll eee check you out tweeting! I'm glad it's holliday time too 
@muirium thanx ive had this problem for a long time,ill check it out 
I'm back in singapore! This is easily one of the best jb trips i've had in a long time. 
wow i have been twittering the whole time miley was asleep  weird hehe.
time to start my day! away to have breakfast + get ready + then get the train, see ya! 
@mileycyrus how much time did you sleep? how are you? have a nice day, miley  xx
the muv reckons our passports wont be back in time by eatser, well you know what that means; im moving back asap. 
@nlupus well, it's been both heaven and hell I guess  some might think I'm an idiot, taking time off in the winter... O_O
@Boddingtons  baby id try anything for the first time wi you... 
texting, twittering, reading harry potter 7 + watching twilight all at the same time. ohh yeah who is talented?  
jus got off da fone wit kransky - shower time den reading time den sleep time 
@samotage what was channel and time of prog  politicians with no formal training bathe in SIMPLEXITY  a la CNUTROY!!!!
@chuck_bartowski *sigh*...it's ok. I don't really like surprises anyway...I forgive you. This time 
heh time for some chocolate bunny leg 
@LucasCruikshank  what time is that gunna be at ? [: cause i wanna come meet you 
had a great time with anna, eryn, damion and kyle  ... love u guys
nooo not paramore. turn that off reet away and put its about time on instead 
HEY TYLERRRR  areu comin down south ne time soon????
I don't wanna be just great quotes, and I don't wanna be just ramblings, although I may do both,.... from time 2 time !  
@tomkhagai im excited to see you tonight  what time are you planning on going?
@kerenza yeah I guess it had to happen some time 
Is lying in bed and doesn't wanna get up (for the second time) 
@snbcsinger after about the 3rd time of me smacking my head on the netbook from exhaustion @8bitjoystick said bedtime 
@Dannymcfly ive been to amsterdam before... its soo nice, have a great time!! good luck with the show  ly x
@ButterHotShoes wow 7mdilla 3l salama.. Sounds like u had an amazing time 
had a fab time up ceri-bbeths with jade,,abby,,lucy 
@tommcfly next time youre in amsterdam ill definately be there too... but you could just come to germany to make things easier 
going to see the hannah montana movie for the second time!  
@britneyspears it's about time you followed me! gracias sexy bitch 
@daniheartsjbx do u know what time ur coming? cuz amandas leaving her party thingy now &amp; shes gunna pick us up!  
Signin on to twitter for the first time..  im exited
gunna get ready to go out again soon... I had such a amazing time lastnight 
@DawnRichard &quot;I wanna go back in time and....&quot; relive 4.13.9 again! 
@Beverleyknight  you are welcome! I love it that you take the time to reply to us, it means alot!! 
@laylakayleigh i have to go skydiving,  ill let you know next the time im in town 
&quot;And in that moment, I swear we were infinite.&quot; -from the ll time best book ever: perks of being a wallflower 
@LeslieIN @LeslieIN hahaha!! well try to sleep good in the mean time! 
@roxanncasias thats awesome honey glad you gals had a good time 
@Monkeytraining haha naw. the model drove this time 
@TonyWragg oh get over it darl - she is a sensation and will be focus of the media for some time to come 
went 2 wallyworld today had an awesome time getting a kewl easter basket and a nitelite for my computer 
@vegabruin hahaha. Of course I'm making the best of it and having a really good time 
@kelseypack I will nudge you any time if it brings you pleasure  hahahaha
@KellieBurger why?? it feels soooo good! lol na it's all good i might let him win next time... maybe 
@aussie_ali yes time travel is on of my specialties  
is like its about that time....im tired watching housesitter on tbs....so i think i'll go to sleep....sweet dreams all 
unfollow sunday time and I'm going to manually have ppl unfollow me. You know you don't reply to anything I say....cmon now 
it's hama time!!...gimme 5 dark brown beads 4 the watermelloooon pleaseee!!! 
@jaspa for sure... am about to be unemployed so will have lotsa time 
@eckelley ok, maybe we had a few  hey, we had some time to kill!
@ddlovato what!?you were in germany?how great is that  have a great time in spain!and I hope to see a show from you in germany very soon x
@samm_xo shes really good  how do you have time to run all of these things? your like superwoman! hahaa x
@JiMMiluvstrance #asot400 well i loved gold coast last time i went  so brisbane cant be far off hehe ;)
@tribeofblondes #HAHD - U R allowed to take time off ya know  - write a few in advance - catch up when you get back &amp; write abt advs there
Right, time for a shower because I totally stink!  I'll be back soon smelling of sweet roses  in a bit cock's xx
hmmm.. . ily my skittlehead makes me smile all the time  x x
@georgiekins im like buring!! yeah we should go out some time 
@nedrixvsyou next time youre in perth...go see ryan from elora danan 
@clixuan yep we learn new things all the time  don't stop learning
@rubymaree i try  not really lol yer cause twitter is definitely not a waste of time or anything!
yup, great session indeed with @joannavos and the rest of the sparkcomms team on friday. i shall try to get a late pass for next time 
@viralbee #asot400 hahaha. i bet armin does a trance stance every time they pray at church. fist pumping to amen 
@joanna_ward good to see you too, sorry we didn't have time to chat! @FLWbooks  or  mobipocket.com for ebooks. What can I say I'm a geek! 
going to do a body sculpting comp in september... woo  will be my first time... so any tips are welcome ppl!! 
@jaystrut ha ha get used to it  happens all the time!
Heading to saltville for the day  spending time with the bestie n the fam. i hope my ebay goodies are in!
Two mix cds burned, now headed home by myself and gonna enjoy a little relaxing me time 
has the flu D: damn...i shouldnt have ran around the mall alot yesterday.. but it sure was a hell of a good time 
Its dinner time and then soon sleep time!But before that where did my ipod go,I'm in the mood for some &quot;clue&quot; 
@danellej02 just call me when ur ready 3234452697 i'll let u know where I'm at at that time  cya later!
@MizzWorthy is that time of the ... can't try anything new in these days but can't wait... will let you know  thanks so much
@minortee ma this is the first time i have ever wrote anything on this site you must be very special 
 i wanna write some reviews of films &amp; music releases, so i go &amp; leave this place. Not for a long time of course.:]
@brookandthecity haha I do it all the time and don't feel nada ...every click gives me liberation 
@dannymcfly hope you had a good time in amsterdam  still think u guys should cover sex on fire would be wicked xxxx
@nick_carter Yayyy 16 years!  
@reediddy007 HAHA fifty bucks?! time to take me to dinner again suckaaaa  hahahahaha
@kurt_ctdk One of my all-time favourites too! 
@nick_carter I'm playing guitar hero for the first time, and i love it 
@tommcfly one tree hill seasons  (if you watch it that is lol)....have an awesome time on tour and i will see you in portsmouth  xx
@MariahCarey I want to let u kno that u are my fav artist of all time. i truly admire u and wish u the best...hope to hear from u!! 
@tokio_charlotte haha, that doesn't make you a dick. that's awesome. i just kinda had to take my time. and now i'm hooked 
@iyeranand ohh life time journey of a mumbai bus nice one 
@mileycyrus oh, good luck. time flies so you'll be done in a minute 
@DavidKiff I'll make some time to check out the code/slides etc 
@jamie_oliver there's nothing like spending quality time with the family over weekend! 
@katofawesome heh ... I was being sarcastic     and facetious at the same time.
@cassieventura well im on twittts  long time no talk..im in atlanta now..not toronto  hit me soon!
its time to get the aul flip flops out....the sun is out 
@iampotnotyou  let's not talk about her. such a waste of time.  hehe.
every one here seems really pissed all the time... lol. no offence to any texans out there. 
My daddy said going to school today is just a waste of time.. cos its just a 1hr 20 mins lesson! haha! 
@staceysworldd Don't worry, thinks will get better in time  (thats what my dad tells me all the time) 
@DontMindManda @kellyprovence ok i will let yall know ahead of time when we will watch/commentate twilight, it will be so great 
jusy got home from pim2 then kwetiauw time with deden and madi. 
@stephenfry of course we'll now have the interim time to play the &quot;What video game is it?&quot; game. I have a hopefull guess 
@aplusk after a sheep, a camel. what is it next time. and they are all famale 
Off to fly the kite,  hopefully I wont f@ck my back up this time 
@NATTEH i gotta get a world clock app so i dont always have to ask u what time it is ha 
@dearladydisdain It's kinda blah here today. Deffo converse time. 
@lzne time to change pic n show ur pretty face... 
@stonerich I'm ok hun ..thanx 4 asking..so try 2 spend some more studio time in A'dam you'll win som of time 
@martinhiggins haha yeh that's cos I go to the uk all the time! most of my friends live there 
@chileplease god will match u up in the right time dont worry  i still volunteer tho!
@LindsayATL omg I'm so psyched right now!  hmm what time are you getting there?
@tonyhawk i'll be hanging out at tamarack on friday, june 19th....let me know what time to pick up my board.  kidding.  love the idea.  
@woahitsandrew how dare you not tell us you were going on blogtv with aj rafael! just kidding  heads up next time though, yeah?
back from r triple date could of went better but theres always next time love my sugga butts  (:
Just gonna have me a good time and screw everyone else 
let's see if i can go all weekend without turning on my computer. time to step up, kuro! byakuya signing off! 
my nails are done. have an awesome hairstyle idea. prom is gonna be bomb. im so excited. but now its time for sleep. goodnite! 
@petrilude yess..its high time you quoted a britney spears song on here!  lol
@itsbriiibaby yup first time! And no worries 
@aimeeleejones you'll be addicted in no time. I'll race ya to 20000 followers... 
@reneeporsia yea nothing beats spending quality spongebob wii time with the kids. 
@juicyfusion yea, it happens all the time 
@elsienita daaaaamn, its about time you tried toi. too bad u only went cuz u saw it on the hills 
wow.... coool thats not bad at all..... have a great fun time dude 
despite all the surprise ruiners we still gonna have a great time tmo!!!!! i love yall!!!! 
@johnlacey Lol. And all this time google was just sitting their. 
ok everyone, time for me to hit the sack... goodnight world... 
this is my first time to twit. hi twitters 
http://twitpic.com/4e87r - so this is me NOW!  red &amp; time for bed.  almost.  one last song to dance to... http://bit.ly/F4eq 
@TheRealJanice_ goodnight mama..unti next time 
@alexlau time will only tell. literally in a sense lol. gl. browsed thru ur stuff 
@TheAmpleCook oh well - I can say hello next time 
had a reli nice time last nite  will this one last we will see!!xxx
@jermainegarcia: ok, mr brisbane  how much i miss you is incredible. you're failing in every way, every time. how's shannon doing?
up too early again after a night out - hmmm egg sandwhich time 
@aidanhammond Yet you find time to twitter, gotta love it 
@gohchaoqin ahhh alright im bout to sleep now... perhaps we'll tweet next time... 
its ok... dexter will make me feel better....  my frustration should be cured by the time ive finished with him!!
@crazymadzy the brownies turned out quite awesome for first time u knw! if there is anymore left by mon, i bring to sch! 
@owlgal hey  long time . . . . . How r u ??
@denisejonasx3 yea it's like so hard to not watch it, excited for tonight  what time you coming? I was thinking we could call them (:
w00 nice time out with george, nathaniel and kylee.  watching bob the builer in hindi. lulululul n game as well ;D
uh oh spring fest...i will make it to the events this time!! 
chinese take away, then party time 
in time you will get it young grass hopper@nataliehickey, lmao no but seriously it's not hard to get you will get it 
had a jwks time with steve, jt, jack imms, kunmi, barham n anna 
#DMCwmnSHOW we've having crazy awesome time at the women's show from rachel and haley 
@megsly07 i spend alot of time on the imdb new moon boards and as soon as theres an update some one will post it  plus its good to chat on
@LilPecan @JeremyHerbel heehee... duct tape, huh? they've gotten over whatever it was by now. until next time 
@AlohaArleen when do you think is the best time to tweet? lol god am nosey arnt i  hehe
Yummmm...homemade pizza, the riches and my sexy bf. So happy  pause time right now please 
@tyefighter LOL you aren't evil. One of my Meezers does that alot and I laugh every time. 
@CarriesBerries it's late here, time to go to bed, sunday after 45 min's  i'm from the future ;)
@opalinefox it would be all gross by the time fedex got it to you  you're free to come try some though. I also have mint and caramel 
@peterspatterson ummm you should get your assignments ahead of time and just come 
@sarandipity heh. I know plenty of women who aren't ashamed to call that a rockin good time 
@chrisluvssixxam whatcha suckin this time??? ...lol 
At cantina for the 1st time in forever 
@rom It didn't reach their required time slot.  #pacman
@rocknwitdblest allll the time brah. 
@demois i'm sorry i wasn't able to be one of your plurk defenders. lol. but i promise to help you next time someone b*tches on you. lol. 
@CarmenJ72 @alpha1726 @ colby Sounds like you ladies had or r having a good time.  
missing my bigga-mac.....but ii get 2 spend time wiff him m0thers-day weekend 
@discounderworld feeling better with a bit of vino, but gutted I missed out on meeting up with you gurl! next time aye  how was wedding
http://twitpic.com/4gwo9 - yes, i am bored. my first twitpic  maybe ill ue this for m/s next time aha
always enjoy spending time with james and dj, road dawgs 4 life 
zzz's time, goodnight.  http://plurk.com/p/ri9qn
@ramblinglib saw the tweet abt assisi too late but sounds like you did a good deed and had fun at the same time! not bad eh. 
downloading msn..  about time.
@urstupiddimples good to hear you had a great time  I'm good too, thanks ... enjoying another lazy sunday slacking around as always ;)
i would gladly sleep with @rustyrockets next time he's in sydney 
is getting redy to goto a prty woohoo drinking time  yummi
@rosegalaxy  girl speak english  i have no idea whta your saying omg this time in one month we will b in our english exam my god
is having an awesome time in ikea with S &amp; M. 
@geraldkneal I guess going to bed--hahaha--I was asleep by the time you sent this 
@louise_cochrane  You should try them some time. I think they sound really lovely.
gong to watch icehockey now.... tv this time... 
@DonnieWahlberg im sure you're getting all pumped for the party tonight. wish i could be there. have a great time!  xoxo
thanks to everyone who came to my 18th last night, i had a great time and i love you all  xxx
@mrskutcher yep .. saw the time article ... very well written 
time to pack up, ttyl 
@tonyt787 I think you need to spend a lot of time in the tv section 
@rappin01 just in time for your presentation today  http://tinyurl.com/ct3mky by way of @gnuchris
@lamborghinibow http://twitpic.com/4ihll - bout time u got a haircut nigga 
heyyy  lmao. defffff long time. whats upp?
@besz no problem...ne time 
@niallok yep  but time for rounds now 
@laurenxrad I love how any time I see the word rad it makes me think of you 
@panacea81 ohh, nice  i'm cuorious. now it's time for me to sleep, school in 8 hours  nighy nigh, talk 2 you soon 
ps why am i doing laundry so late.didn't I learn last time.can't wait till I can drive 45 mins to wash my clothes at home. 
@callmerizza you're very welcome sis  no rush on the reply... onyl when you have the time
just got back from stater bros with some ben&amp;jerry time to settle in for the night 
@jenn_leigh I think there would be a whole group of us who were delirious the entire time ... would be awesome. 
@FUCKCITY aww it was said with love.  youre clearly tougher than me. i've got two baby sized tattoos and i sooked the whole entire time!ha
hehe tweet time... bastos talaga chux 
ready to go to sleep... its too hot in my room, yey first time sleeping in that huge bed  excited!
@lexikitty hahaha yes yes, of course  i look after them when you and jack need alone time ;D
all time low mean so fucking much to me. i hope i get to see them in june. it would be so awesome. gaskarth is amazing 
So proud of cg, took 5 yrs in the making to get that number 1 spot  gnight twitter bugs...time to read myself to sleep.
time to go home! take care guys! catch ya'll later when i get home. 
@dhughesy safer to say that your cube is now a sphere ... but roll with it buddy ... it is an awesome time ... esp the 1st one 
shop then work time  see yas laterz x
ok thats it.... sleep time 
@dj_sko next time just go online and show the club owner an ean golden video, hahaha...  (i am fan, did i mention that?! @djtechtools)
I love when i have time for starbucks 
ha english portfolio!!! i finally finshed you  annnd you! comm final. youre half done! whoa 6:44am time for sleeps. night
Sitting with sabbeth in first period.  buhahaha we are so cool -sabbeth lmao
@machinemaria ...oh. hahahahahaha but no, seriously, i tell the wait staff they look great all the time, its the easiest nice thing to do 
@portman65 did you have an amazing time? 
@fourstringfuror yea - it's mostly b/c I couldn't sleep, but oh well, lunch time will come soon 
@froggie775 I'll be one of your &quot;groovy guys&quot; any time, shortie short  #photofollows
i hate waking up early! but i need to make up my 27 hrs at my pharmacy class. &gt;=[ sighhh.  in other news: breakfast time!!!! 
@LToya818 yeah i was shocked he probably just pitied you..... thats y i talk to you from time to time 
@nuttychris well if i use all my tweets will be the push to make me go to the shop. and by the time im back it will be over hopefully 
@mcherrywv Yes I know  as my school reports would say 'must do much better' Ah well, just in time huh  http://myloc.me/tHq
rmbr the time when we torned for the night in sentosa? I was the only one who didnt have to spit out the &quot; 3 unknown facts&quot; abt myself 
@pinkladyjen that's a shame, next time hon  yeah tea on thursday would be delightful thanks bestest sis in law x
@xxPat..not that school wouldnt suck all the time 
TV time  see yall later! xoxo
@chelseanico Yes! I love him. I have seen the eps so many time that I quote his lines with him. 
I'm up way past my bed time.  gonna catch sum snl.
took the most amazing power nap ever. now its starbucks time. 
@heynadine - not early at all, just say you are running on eastern time  hope you had fun at your auditions! canada ftw!
@smithld I picked up some stuff I missed the 2nd time  And to think you missed all the in jokes too! 
time for mimi's 
is going home after an awesome time with the peeps 
@pyrat_ ay beezy! finally lol its time to hookah so get off twiiter...love ya 
@adityamishra yeah next time 
addict to &quot;long time gone&quot; 
had a nice time with juno  http://plurk.com/p/sv71z
@kat15lee Yups!  I still have a lot of pruning of unfollowers to do. It takes  time 
@leona_y time really flies my frd..how's you love-hunting mission going? abt time to bring the sexy &quot;yu yung&quot; jacket out 
@cookiemonster82 ohhh yea it is from the same film  and this one had been a fave for a longgggg time... any1 for humma humma?
most of da time on gtalk ! pls make my follow count 600 
@aami1982 probably a bit short on the rude words and I bet it was on time 
Just been asked to sing yet again....aha. coffee mornin this time. psychology past questions&amp;revision suck! 
@wendy_fred6 Awww... :/ I guess that's both good and bad, moving is not an option I guess?  Mhm, so are you, hehe ;) (we have same time?)
to jodies and played sims till my daddy picked me up        and that is what i did yesterday. basically it was my social time 
Finally home after a big of travelling!! ahhhhhh now time to realx!! 
@Elliecopter_ rofl im glad! haha yeah me tew! but usually i get up at the same time and just spend more time on twitter! tehehe! 
@GeeNee08 nothing this time.  just got home. yah?
@TotallyM hi hun!!  i really loved your tutorial yday!  soooo much, it was one of the best tutorials i had watched in a long time!  xx
maybe going to see the hannah montana movie todaaaay  i've seen it one time before, but can't wait to see it again!!
@DomHarvey meannn party hahaha  always a good time with free 42 below
@jeanajuice nah don't be.  There's always next time.  
i'm off to watch the f1 race in barcelona on tv in a few minutes ( how decadent , i know ! ) &amp; hope that vettel wins this time again ! 
Is trying out twitter for the 1st time to see what all the fuss is about but i'm sure i will soon be hooked 
half time chelsea 2 - 0 
Going to spend time with my madre today bc i love her  
having a relax time with my flo  
havent felt this happy in a very long time 
@emmagemtweets Hey hey! do say hello next time  would love to meet ya!
@lorenita327 I know!! Why does time fly when ur having fun? We did so much tho! Lol this was something ill never forget! 
@kittylugnut for ringtones? I use &quot;The daily grind&quot; all the time. 
@Rochellewiseman hope your having a nice time  i cant sleep too excited to see you on tour on 5th june in oxford on ma birthday!  
@tweedi haha we definitely do. you gotta do my hair next time though 
im sooo full...just had the best dinner for a long time 
@SimplyThisnThat why didn't i get an invite???!!!!  yeah, next time for sure 
tired and a little bit stressed out. I will be in hawaii this time next week tho 
@atomg have fun with rooselll  zach says i taste better than chikkin... apparently i've suplused my name (that time it meant surpassed)
@melvinkee another time, melvin. i'm collecting stuff and running off. thanks though! 
http://twitpic.com/50v33 - had the best time at grooovin on saturday with the girls 
I have the itis now....itis = food coma!!! hahahhah late night grubbing is bad for you =/ but yay for best friend bonding time @ tex mex 
@SixTimesBlue true...and there's also the fact that I live in another country and have a different time zone :| hmm...it'd been cool tho 
@yungsmoove2kool long time no see! 
Just got in 4rm moving and spending time with my papa I love that man flew out here just 2 help me move out my dorm 
cuddle time with my new lil pup dolce 
american idol was thriling! now its time for me to finish this essay! 
wakey time  sooo tired as usual
I'm great at paddle boating Not really I drove into a boat last time oh well 
Updating my mac, then I leave it open. An icq sound will wake me up tomorow and this time is on purpose 
@delamarRX931 it is my first time to see you.. sana nkpgppicture ako kasi i really like you.. i always listen to your show.. 
@denn559 I'm time traveling right noooowwwwww 
had a gr8 time at the uni tav 2day with the girls chillaxin at home now b4 gettin down to business! 
@SongzYuuup next time leave from jfk n stop at bonfire 
@JessQC thanks, sweetie &lt;3 you're such a doll! And i wont give up, ever!  you'll see my demitweets all the time haha
uhuh uhuh uhuh.. its time for gino and fran 
@robert_patinson you should come to holland some time. 
cuddle time with the little princess  http://tinyurl.com/ozrpnr
-i m gonna ... u come with me? for some time? -yesssssssss!  - sure? -yesssssssssss! 
Just posted something in all of my classes ok its time for bed im sleeping till next week NIGHT 
whoa! i thought I had a time to update this last sunday! but..we have an emergency meeting! 
congratulations to xing for growing 43% and being profitable. oh how good profitability feels in this time ... especially with growth 
@wrexham ha ha - excellent idea! I may even reach my 5 aday before lunch time at this rate!! 
@ab_p just recovering from some online training i've just had...phew! tea time, me thinks! wanna cuppa? 
@nyramohamad i am.. kali... haha what time are you gonna be there???? and oh if you guys are booking seats book 2 for me  shanks baby
@RobCampari fuckin A, kings of conspiracy on sat, they were proper awesome last time!! 
@chynnasaur hahaha aw, that's okay  next time!
sitting on my bed...obviously just trying to waste time if im actually going to spend time updating my twitter 
there's always a first for everyone---for the first time, im packing early for a trip! 
@simpleplan would chuck teach me to play golf next time he's in australia?  and could i chill with david? ;D
@shadowen if you want it it's yours....thanks again for looking at that last night, helped a bunch  I owe you big time.
@lauralexus1 Holy shit hey! It's been a lonnng time! 
Yes! Got partnered with a hard woprking mexican lady, time to slack 
@jeffreynormore ahaha, sammeee, favorite movie to watch christmas time 
@rickyzea I be rocking the meds...time to give the old gal her magic pills 
@blackmetalkitty we have sales all the time. I'll let ya know! 
@janine_j9 hey. i will sleep na. haha. it's nice to meet you.  let's chat next time,k? ;)
good for you see I told you take some me time  I am gunna derek goes to vegas I go to beach
brb finally found time for a cig! yay! 
got a lot of shit for the apt @ ikea.  so awesome. didn't spend tons of $$ even better.  going home time.
bye bye Davids!! see yah nex time (id there would be next time) hahaha 
waiting for the buds to get here to hot tub!  no winecoolers this time. hahaha!
i love clean sheets. now it's time for a sunday little nap 
@TrackStarSODMG lol, well thats good. glad yall had a great time. 
jus had the best time ever! i totally need 2 do this more often! lovin the fact that i have my license &amp;&amp; a vehicle! WOOT! WOOT! 
time to rave like whoa 
its time to get some sleep.  nite!  xoxo  &lt;3
just got home from a refreshing dinner at segafredo lincoln rd.  needed that simple time out.
home  i had a nice time thx for asking.
@lilyroseallen Too right! the first time I heard &quot;It's not me, it's you&quot; it blew me away, and I've gotta lotta music in my collection 
coolest  ttyl tmw ok talk to me when u have time monique22
@BRIAN_EWING It's been a long time since I've heard anyone say that. That's awesome 
nights can go on forever and seem short at the same time. im not making sense. fjsienrksienrk i never twitter, thought i would tweet 
@wahliaodotcom hmmm... take your time to figure your camera out, no rush 
@IamMaxatHotSpot yeah i hate the time difference too....maybe you can ask her about it 
@amaliebente yeah i know  just giving you a hard time 
@MusicIsHealthy yeah the time difference is pretty annoying sometimes lol will u go to a lp concert this year? 
@officialTila I can't wait for you to see it! ;) i love it! i'm uploading onto youtube right now!  haha - i made one for you this time! 
Ive found jesus ... he was behind the sofa the whole time 
@Budjette: yeah next time! say hi to him from me. heh heh. 
aint seen a tv in about 5 days....no time for leisure just yet....then again makin music is such a pleaure it is leisure 
@paulmason10538 LOL, hav missed you. Not tweeted with u since she told us off last time for letting cat out...glad to hear u survived! 
@DavidArchie i hope you'll had ur concert again here in the philippine. i hope u had a great time staying here in the phil . 
@josianna hahaha, brilliant   we both did a mum one at the same time... are we sick?
@AnoopDoggDesai take ur time......take care anoop 
The notebooks over...time 2 watch hes just not that into you 
Watching my neice play mario olympics on the wii she's running on the spot at the same time as using the controlers.  
nearly bed time  shit load to do tomorrow
@hychua gd exercise! hahah i spent time with dad and mum today. went out for a while 
oh okay, maybe this is time for lorenzo, next time you have to be the winner, pedrosa 
@DeniseHammock yup,the time zones r getting in the way. workin on it! you concentrate on the smile in the meanwhile 
@ian_si It's more friendly I think  Reminds me, it's about time I updated the old blog...
Postsecret sunday, yey  and can't believe best subliminal advertising in a long time was our church appeal for fire wardens, lol!
@RayJohnson any time dude 
Wasting time watching erotic dutch films!!!! 
@caz_smash don't know if you'll see this but it sounds lovely, glad ur having a good time!  x
@seblefebvre wot tattoo u gettin this time?? post sum pics wen it's done 
raaaaaaaaaaarr anyways time to sleeeep nite everyone  hope i can escape from listening to her songs tmr...
@tr33c3pooh1 if you like 2 laugh..have a good time..follow me..its just that simple 
after a realy long time i had so much to blog abt 
breakfast time, mmmm 
...did i mention its almost 2 pm indiana time? 
watchinq Bed time storys and takinq a nap 
@runkeeper that's awesome.  no pun intended, but your time in the plane will fly right by  
@nick_harris I was a bit short stacked at the time (probably about half average stack), but any double up is a good one! 
back from the sleepover... had a great time. 7 13yr old girls,  1 9yr,  2 moms... we all survived. had a wonderful time. 
http://twitpic.com/5dft5 - time 4 dessert  my fav
@xxlaurenbeexx lol yeah until the next time it happens aha  least you had a good time though xx
@mon_ica  yeah, lets blame them! there's always next time, aha.
guna play some gears, then pizza time 
ok gotta go.. babysitting time!  i'll text tweet in a bit! 
aw, i got the fail whale.  i've never gotten that before! geez, i was wondering wtf the twitter peeps were talking about this whole time.
@luckee13 glad ur having so much fun... next time will be even better cause all the ddg's will be there 
getting ready to see the bf one more time before I drive back to the hills 
@xxlucyappxx u must fulfil ur destiny - lol - mayb next time 
oh u kno its rubber ducky time!!  sum1body call 911 shawty got it burnin on the dance floor
@ashl3yxoxo aww no prob bud. It was a good time 
@joaniemaloney hee no, not this time. i was thinking of putting some baileys in it though  
Just got back from a great weekend in seattle! Now its time to do some hw 
@sweetvoyce94 oh that sucks, i will try to save it on my tivo for the next time you come over then! 
@labellagorda u shud buy him also a book next time! 
@Sbeutler75 ahhh. ok. maybe some other time. 
@JonathanRKnight you guys gotta do it again in a year! lol  glad you had a good time.
Eating some food I just made ummmm ummmm lol now I'm full physically time to get full mentally and spiritually...it's bible &amp; prayer time 
@dominican_mami1 if you like 2 laugh..have a good time..follow me..its just that simple 
haha.. sensex had to halt trade cos of huge rise.. hearing this for the first time 
okay shower time !! brb 
@LMStellaPR yes u may call  i have a meeting with my stylist,not sure when that will b though,probs around din time-if im not home.....
@MsClementine ok so #realtalk next time on #ff i say follow dis ho ====&gt;@Msclementine i donwannahearnoshit! 
@8leo  There is always a next time 
@megandresslar he is very smart, im sure he will be very fast by the time his class is over. 
@LodurZJ luckily we can even get direct tv in the netherlands  but I hope you'll have a great time!
am kinda tired of stumbling... will stumble one moren time before i do my cross stitch... 
@DJYousef Haha, yeah gotta remember to get off twitter in time to see that! 
not feeling so good. time for bed..thank god its frrriiiday for mee 
@8leo i'm so jealous!! you'll have such a cool time though 
@ohsoretro I can see how she can be a bit much if you read It as an adult for the 1st time, but keep reading, the 3rd book is my fav 
@aloneinvietnam rofl ... that's why we should focus on one thing at a time 
@twilightfairy heh.. yeah.. we are getting thre, arent v.. full-stop time, i guess! 
@hilliedranto ei hillie! hehehe. hope your enjoying the time listening to me. 
@FOTB ah ok, the clock calls the system, not the server time. thought it would be server steered. sorry 
@naahsur yeah i spent practically all weekend in bed and i wudnt mind spendin more time there  lazy lazy lazy..
@autologicality recently been rethinking the motherhood dream... eh, got plenty of time to ponder. kittens and rockstardom comes first. 
everythings happenenig wayy too fast   jesus, please slow the time down
happy coz finally, things are getting clear to me now..hope i could start to get to live on my own..in time 
ok shower , thiss time i swer  back shortlyy
@twisst still, close enough  .. but your time is still off compared to Skycal, where it says 22:09 . you say 22:06 .. (btw, 24h is better)
@greyko and who says networking sites are a waste of time, eh!? 
@mhisham yea ! i had a good time watching the first one ! can't wait to catch the 2 ! 
@alaksir iyaa, part-time sambil kuliah hoho.. juggling coffee &amp; skripsi at the same time.. doakan saya 
@keeda hahaha! good shit! at the rate u tweet, it could hv happened a long time ago! 
meetho dahi .. aftr a long long time 
has opened her twitter again after some time.. wishing kris allen a great luck. &lt;3 him 
is revising for this stupid maths exam ughhhh haha oh well two weeks time and my living hell will be over 
#momo When is the last time that I've been F5-ing for anything? http://www.meetup.com/momoamsterdam/calendar/10379960/ But I'm in, cool! 
had another good night,  time to go to bed, goodnight my lil time bombs
@tdolby2001 LOL true. i ordered from amazon market - just in time to take back to usa with me 
@bnox make em spell your name right this time 
@denharsh cool man.....have gud time  dont spend all in one shop... lol
@DavidArchie hi.! hope you can perform or visit here in philippines again if you have some free time.. we already miss you.. 
@em2508 yay! thats alot shorter time then what i thought!  are u going to the concert? x
@MissxMarisa hi long time..be happy where ever u r 
Lunch time  xo
can't wait to see blake now.....my days off are all about quality time with the little monkey!!!cant wait til his summer hols 
@laurendaymakeup my sunday amazing  spent time with the family  haha. i miss you so much! how's mary kay going?
@seanhandley yea n just want to move out too...the time'll come  jus keep savin til then!! when u car hunting?
@hartluck you should keep posting ! love to hear about what you get up to but have a good time in aussie 
@SavorTheSuccess hi! i haven't tried their grilled cheese sandwich. must do next time in i'm columbus circle! 
@DonnieWahlberg glad you had fun on the cruise  im saving up for the next one seeing as i missed out this time ;) lol
Hoping @allyp and @jeff318 have a safe flight and get back on time! 
@mashibeats 42below! new zealand shit  didnt know they throw a party during the film fest out there... nice. have a good time!
for the first time im gona play paint ball 
@phish4rob aww i didn't write you notes this time cuz I'm only gone for four days!!  I'll send you lots of texts 
@jordanknight im glad you had a good time 
well all time me for me to get ready for work - have a good one!!!!  and yes macs rule 
@yikes77 Hope you had a great time 
@ruthlessimagery aww nest time get some padding and you'll be fine - build a cushion fort  I'm great ta!
had nice time with katie and steve last night  them bubble gum after shoots was fab a roo 
12hrs of work first time im awake for such a long time 
shopping time at mall of america 
@lucccyy only to lewisville tho! no worries! thats only 40 min away+ i will have more time! well hang out more than now! 
@jamie_oliver If your kids can do it, this time i think i also can!!!  Have a nive week, darling..
so closing time  we see us l8er@all
in religion..time to catch up on sleepz. thank yous jesus 
@whenwill_love I forget about this alll the time... i think it is cause matt found you that i did... ahaha. 
@law319 oh yeah. smart idea about reserving seats at the gathering. im gonna consider doing that next time! 
wow the ast transformations at compile time in groovy 1.6 is powerful magic and we are seeing behind the curtain  @gr8conf
i had a lot of fun tonight hanging out with josh for the first time. laurie's officially allowed to keep him around 
Having a grand ol time installing mozilla add-on's while editing pics 
forreal this time , g'nite 
@itsmesammond ahaa yeah but this is rare  lol everyone says that all the time :p xx
missing my walter&lt;3 I guess its sleeepy time now. night 
movie time  then sleep mha kiddy jumped out thee windOw  now I have no baby[wTf]:'(
@triiiiciaaaa i'm gonna check them out some time. 
@MommaDJane thnx!!  I'm still building it up adding more stuff all the time
says hi plurkers.!  long time no plurk (LOL) ) hehe http://plurk.com/p/vez8r
Clickin' time..  --&gt; http://www.neobux.com/?rh=6D633278
@devakishor yeah! dropped out to become full time @problogger types  I co-founded blog design studio na 
@samantharonson i always play scrabble on pogo! it's a good waste of time 
@erin82883 mine said 730 central time for exactly fob. i dvrd the next time block too but i should be up by then... *crosses fingers* 
@mcareyph lol i think thats the time she'll announce the announcement LOL and that's too LONG i think itll be out this september  smile
friday night. time for some mac and cheese and chicken with my breathtakingly beautiful girlfriend. 
@wyclef dam missed it..will check it out now..we keep missing each other online..bloody time diff..u guys are soo last night  hehe..
@niggasnomore mannn I'm kinda tipsy right now isn't the time to be political with me, loves.. but thanks for thinking of me 
Picture time is ovaaaaaa.......I'm bout to0 go0 to0 my ro0m now for realz dis time 
ooh @sarahwong don't forget to check out Reguliersbreestraat in the evening  you're gonna have such a good time!!
ok tweeps bed time see you in a few 
@tmtn hahahaha well cleared up in time  the analogy is a good one though: you'll be relieved when it's done, no doubt ;-)
@LeighMolnar hahaha  no you can't come be awake with me i'll show you a good time ;)
@MaraBG yup I know, but been on my mind, so we have other way to communicate... when time  .... this clearing IS exhaustg! prob off in min
@billie_bt I'm still pissed at them from last time 
@_MissCrys_ my bad... im gettin this late... ill do it next time... promise 
@jpoh did you have a good time? and did you have footie frankes ala kath &amp; kim? aus and nz have the hottest sportsmen in the world 
@TVFanUK Awww thanks, it's ok  There is always next time
@katiemcx yes of course babe that would be fab  you can be in my gang and hang about with me aal the time like LOL
@luvzwool ha ha!  Yes, and about 700 follow back.. so I'd like to not have the others, ya know??  One by one is going to take time 
@DIVACANDICEM yea!! go lakers! the fans need more updates =D i understand if u dont have enough time though  u need to get a profile pic!
@sputnik65 next time is 'lollipop' na  many things to chitchat with you
weekend time ppl 
time to stop online shopping and get my teeth brushed before 7am. hehe 
@tylershamy no no no...you are not the only one to take naps at 8 pm!  both sarah and I do alllll the time! 
@SusanScot managed2clock up about 100, wot time u finished? u feeling any better? i'm feeling g8t  x
Right i am off tis time to start celebrating my 21st in style  x
@jofstar mmmmm beer!! Another time 
will never stop loving rupert grint . no matter what you say  its only a matter of time before he realises he feels the same ..
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5nw9a -  I bet everyone (including ya'll) had the time of their lives that night!
@lisahaha haha we should! but then i'd need to actually sign in D: whats your skype name? i'll add you next time i'm on 
@maynaseric hey my friend just saying hi, missed you again, these time zones are testing us  have a goodie.
@joejonasoff  hey joe what's up??????  ps:i think loco92 is suspend because miley can't have @mileycyrus and loco92 in the same time
@SaraBaraXoX last time I hung out with you I ended up shit canned! You need a warning label 
if i could fall into the sky, do you think time will pass me by? coz you know i'd walk a thousand miles if i could just see you tonight 
@AmandaON1063 well its not a waste of time for you and your sis so party on dude 
@3minds late? tisk tisk! lol. thats wassup! at least you got your voice out there!  was it? aww nxt time!  i am following her now! yay!
@JoeJGirl2009 uhh, american's next top model  favorite time of the year?
@heathermsu98 I hereby agree to stop molesting jk long enough for u to get some facetime!  And I'll use that time to molest ddub 
@NLiukin have a gr8 time! 
@DJFreshSA its been a long time since u laughed like that on air, ur laugh is contageous dude 
Making pancakes for my kiddies! They are watching so they can learn for next time 
@electrcspacegrl yeah, did u see i mistyped the 1st time so i gave u 1.5 shoutouts. 
@MillyNegotiate congrats.  u r having 317 less then me. o.O i guess i'm having toooo much time.
what a memorable time in newport 
My ipod just died oh yeah its time to go back in my devices r all dead right now ....right after I get these cookies 
3 DAY WEEKEND!  I wanna be outside the entire time 
Yes the incredible hulk is a good flick but its time for bed bed, goodnight 
havent been this excited about life in a long time! point me in the direction of making a difference and im there! 
finaly had some time to check my shit...im so happy 
@Bujuy oh wow!!! time is indeed fast. don't worry you still have time to discipline gabby  belated happy bday may!
@FallenStar1 i'm okay, just feeling a bit down. don't wanna get into it too much via twitter, but i'll fill you in next time we talk 
@iamdiddy my feed is showing 999, 970 at this moment in time - and the numbers keep fluctuating  - nonetheless congrats! 
ok, NOW i'm leaving! good night (hopefully i say it 4 the last time) lol! bye  xoxo
cavs game was sad...but then we played super smash brothers and it was all better  reading and time for bed soon
shoot. how is it midnight already. time flies when you're watching a time lord on youtube. 
I really am signing off this time...LOL nite ya'll 
@GrossMisconduct hmm, maybe you should volunteer some of your downtime there  next time i find myself needing that locale, i'm texting u!
@ayagil it takes a while specially if it's ur 1st time to launch it in your PC. wait a few then it should show up and be okay going 4ward 
Were HOME now time 2 grind  no hospital roll will try again 2morrow grrr
@RachelStarrxxx just rated u 10 on brazzers being a long time member  you and rachel roxxx make a good couple - great fucking chemistry 
@__stephanielynn don't worry none taken, i confuse myself all the time  my breed is gorgeous but stupid. i dont get it
theres nothing good to watch on tv anymore...=/ time to find some good books 
having lunch. just got back from taking photos for the shop's broshure  hehe. watching cashmere mafias at the same time 
I need some arts and crafts time.  I wanna make stuff 
@rapping_fa   sorry to hear...i had my fingers crossed for you the whole time! hope to fly with you one of these days 
sleeping is all whack. still on san diego time. boooo. hi booski! miss you 
I don't need no stinkin angel guard; my kids get spanked the 1st time they unlatch their seatbelts... There is no 2nd time. 
@CoolOscar no problem keep em coming ur hittin the jackpot big time 
Oh wow, I shouldn't actually be realxing but eh. I'd rather waste some time. 
Not sweeny todd but peter pan. A little disappointed but still stoked at the same time 
@regineking yup sometimes but not all the time! try it! demi also answered me once before 
@redyelllow I would? Like to see the ruins movie, that is. Depends on the time/place, tho, what with my kids 
Just got back from a nice lil date must admit i had a good time 
oh, it's flossing time. then study time...taking my test on june 10th!!!!  then...bed 
@MasterDater So we agree this time  I have a quest 4 u,3somes. is there ever a time where its ok 2 ask
@fashioncakes007 lol@ my eyes tiny,man it would been awkward so I just chilled lol, dm if u don't feel me but yeaaa I def will next time 
@InnyVinny yea that's what my friend said...time to start planning 
@katieerin I LOVE makeup and experimenting with it, yes  I watch tutorials on youtube all the time haha
Lunch time  #fb
todayyy =D dammnnn whats good  hahahaha   i think its time to initiate ;)
@anniee1234 yup. time went by really fast!!! 
@KarissaFoley np  and that would be awesome, but i only had enuff for 2 tickets this time...sry, lol 
@hiltonanaheim maybe next time  congrats @lynette_lewis
brb...shower time 
@VikramPendse It was really nice meeting you. Thanks a lot for ur valuable time, started working on ur recommedations 
thats one of my fave all time songs...good choice   p.s  what about those cavs tonight??@RobKardashian
@reneethronson hehe I have tweetdeck running all the time. A little easier for some stuff than using web alone is. 
@leggy8784 hahaha we just need time to heal... @jbee83 I'll tell you about it. 
@kahhongtay @jeremy89632 sorry, i was living in the past... forgot to wind the time machine back correctly 
bed time for ryan 
@clarisseee lol dont woorry about it  do you no what time we are meeting up with everyone else
drinking a smoothie..... love it! but not the perfect time to drink one. cuz its cold here and raining.. lol 
time for a baff.  need to pack urgently going on hols in bout 3 hours havent packed atall  lets get ready to ruuumble!
...cuz she hold me down... every time i hit her up 
@devidalildevil we constantly hungry. time for instant teh tarik 
@jiminthemorning this seemed like quite a good idea at the time to go dressed as a bag of rubbish http://twitpic.com/666nl
@pearlofthesea_ i love home time. its mathieu le time, and i relax and watch tv shwos 
@thetashas perhaps some other time, hope you are doing ok   I wouldn't have been able to drink much anyway!
I'm so tired am gonna sleep 4 a whole week, wouldn't recommend studying &amp; working full time to anyone, goodnite everybody 
