Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 4137), ('nothing', 96), ('lol', 63), ('yesterday', 57), ('http', 52), ('com', 50), ('car', 42), ('mood', 42), ('way', 40), ('x', 38), ('anything', 38), ('phone', 37)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'today', 0.9312672019004822), (u'tomorrow', 0.6847986578941345), (u'yesterday', 0.5863820314407349), (u'Monday', 0.5745658874511719), (u'Thursday', 0.5723034739494324), (u'Friday', 0.5702952742576599), (u'Wednesday', 0.5691137909889221), (u'Tuesday', 0.5595932006835938), (u'Tweeted_punter_Chris_Kluwe', 0.5411980152130127), (u'tonight', 0.5358012318611145)]





didn't get shit done today ~ i'm so screwed 
couldn't get shit done today ~ i'm so screwed 
No electricity today, so no tweets. 
Morning All, I'm back from my little break from the computer. back to work again today 
my birthday today. feel so old 
didnt hear from my hunn today 
@1an3 thank you!! I have to now do it all again today 
@fionamccarthy I am sure it will! I have got loads to do today 
Feeling ill again today 
I'm missin my baby...really needed to talk to him today 
No squirrels today  They must be hiding.
@rustyrockets i tnk you need to make me smile today! because you never ever write back to me but you do to everyoneee else  x
tiredd  nothing to do today 
I'm more tired than a very tired thing today. 
I'm up  amy's coming around today so i have to clean my room 
Maybe that was unclear... I'm planning to post on my own website later than usual today, due to technical issues 
just had a tonne of sad news today 
has nothing to do today. 
has to do coursework today 
is feeling ill today 
My baby brought me a present today, a dismembered mouse... 
not going to makke it to boling today  got no money!
@gemsmaquillage myn should of been here today but it didnt turn up  hope its here 2moz !! x
If today wasn't shit enough I just ate a mouldy roll 
But i missed breakfast cause of it  and its supposed to snow 3 to 6 inches today. Is it april or january?
sadly no boarding today, picked up a bug from somewhere 
No jobs today, not in the mood to apply for any even if there were, I want to go home 
the seas are rough today....my stomach is not gonna be happy 
today pics for the annuary!!!! 
very tired today! struggling to muster up energy! 
Oh for a brain that is working properly - it's a little fogged up today 
Why is the net so slow today. So many sites are not opening 
has a sore throat today. 
my favourite patient died today, what a downer 
is annoyed that she doesn't have her phone with her today 
@sunmanpatu Thanks for the invite, but no bowling for me today. 
Every single photo I have taken today is butters 
There is a higher cop-to-donut ratio today, so there aren't any left for us 
ugh everything isnt working for me today 
I'm sick... But I have to venture out anyway. I gave ro my second pair of gloves only to realize I kind of need them today. 
Working today and microbiology homework..... 
no duckies today, bread went to waste 
managed to wake up early today @8..feeling sleepy again.. 
My uncle passed today 
still sad. didnt get to see 17 again today 
i had no one to play with me at the park today  hopefully tomorrow isn't so lonely when i attempt to play basketball...
@emmyrossum cleaning  have to show my house today(trying to get it sold)
@Disho14 I know the feeling today!  I  need you here to make coffee 
@serenajwilliams the link to today show doesn't work  i think u have to take out  the periods or sumthin...
I want sushi today but i think i'll be to busy to get any 
soo tired  babysitting today from 3-? may have to go to a late movie...
Aww, I wanted to ride my 4 wheeler today! But there at the cottage. 
I'm up. No sleeping in today 
mall today. broke though.  arrggg.
I have nothing to do today 
ughhhhhh giong to a wedding today 
@juicyostar nothing much, i'm bored today.  I want to go out somewhere but there's nowhere to go. How's sunny L.A.!? =P
Getting ready to work in the gardens, it may raid today 
got a new desk today. It's got a hutch and laptop doesn't open up properly 
so bored, i wish today was nicer so i could go outside  !
I think I lost my best friend today...feeling blue 
I burned my hand so haaaard today when i was makin a pizza :/ aui 
looks great outside... too bad i have to run a remote today. 
@hngntuff09 we're meeting them today. I woke up with an eye that was sealed shut with conjuctivitis! 
I need to do some errands today 
nothing to do  ...i wish today would be sunny!
I have the craziest dreams ever.. . I do not want to go back to work today 
@lihp310 my no drinking rule didn't work out so well  I'll start today
I came second in 2 games of squares today... Always a bridesmaid 
the crossword is too hard today. 
Wishing i could wake up from today and it just be a bad dream 
Too many errands to run today. 
witnessed not one but two car accients today 
emailing OceanUP about today's event, even though I didnt go! 
@perrythebirman We can't come to #pussycatis today because our human @AnnePMitchell is on a train 
there isn't anything to do today... 
@DionneSouth didn't see you anywhere today at the show  you hiding?
don't think i can get anything right today 
have to write three papers today, ugh 
denied on the lawnmowing for today 
feeling a little sick today 
I'm feeling lonely today; I miss my family 
@QueenOfNewYork For sure, it's acting up today 
My itchy toe is all swollen today. 
got his orders for kentucky today  
@Dalefluffy totally would, but zach already got mad at me today cause i got the group called out.  it would be funny though
@hramos I wish I could've been a consumerist with you today 
a bird pooped on me today 
so forever the sickest kids was at the glendale mall today.too bad i didn't go 
I am missing the game. I've missed all the games today and this is the last one today and I'm about to miss this one. 
is disappointed that car shopping today did absolutely nothing but widen her choices 
had to say goodbye to her today 
saw a girl today! i waved at her, she didnt even notice me 
missing someone so bad..so sad today 
working lonely today really wants someone to be with 
@dahowlett maybe vet today depending in how long it's been... No poop isn't good 
i lose a lot of chips today 
I could think of better things today than the orchard... 
It's so warm today! And my external hard drive isn't working 
slept very well.take a shower now.have to do my tax declaration today  very,very boring
Feels ill today looks like ill be resting no riding my bike today 
saw my old car today 
My broadband is so slow today 
right, i haven't got a clue what i'm going to do today... :/ very very bored, and tired 
really missing my grandparents today 
not feeling well enough to do anything today..ugh. I hate being ill. 
Passing game letting us down today 
Right... am off to the stables... 7 horses to muck out today 
still really sick. probably going to the hospital today  i'm scared.
Anyone besides me have to work today? 
is heading back to innsbruck today  back to the real life...
@allenhortaleza: food tech today 
So much homework to do today 
I need to study today  boo.
@foreversleeper 99.9% no chance.  Ah well, I guess I shall rebuild it step by step! How are you today, dearest?
is not looking forward to tidying his room today 
I don't feel like moving out of the bed today. 
competed like an absolute spoon today and only threw 39.62m 
so tired today. drinking isn't a good plan when you don't drink 
I HAVE to clean today..ugh..don't want to.. 
I ate too much junk food today 
Working out then tanning. It seems a tad gloomy today. 
has a stupid paper to write today 
@Scratch5150 I know! I was supposed to have an outside photoshoot today too  looks like well be inside
is sad that it is raining... no softball for me today!! 
done two chapters today and only 8 more to go 
woke up way too early today 
is not feeling so well today... my back is super sore 
Too sore to go biking again today 
Nothing to do today 
my head is about to explode so no more updates for today 
hanging out around the house today.. still not feeling well 
breakfast and so much to do today before i go back to work 
Hopefully I can really edit my blog today - it's really dead. 
@thinhybear It's her first, and she wore white pants today. Be nice 
Ugh. I need to go up to the library today. I'm so tired and think I'm sick. 
@LoriGarlington don't know bout a pwdi today  too much homework
Long list of to-do's today 
hubby had to work today 
Looks like no NASCAR today... 
ran real slow today  can't wait to get my new running shoes!
@aemeliaclare I can barely afford groceries. And yet I bought 2 books yesterday, 2 more for a gift today, and just ordered 1 online. 
My site is so slow today. I hope it isn't going to be that much longer. 
Taking care of @hellosheena , not feeling well today 
wanted to go gym today but sadly its too late and its shut 
HOT today... the misery will begin once I have to actually leave the house 
@AvantNerde tell me about it, and today it was teenagers for me 
@petrilude that all sounds sooo delicious, and I haven't eaten at all today 
does not want to go back to sixth form today 
boo lost my silver ring somewhere in my travels today 
@amanisfly lucky you!! i start at 11  . however, i just have one lesson today, so i finish at 12 haha
has to go back to sixth form today 
I dont want to go to work, in no mood for it today 
back to work! hope it's not too cold. I think they killed the calf and gave it to the lions, so I'll be lonely today 
Feeling a little bit ??? today. 
@deepbluesealove It seems to be working now...my computer has been sloooow today 
If the picketers were serious, they'd use fire. Really don't feel like going anywhere after today 
feeling so restless today. Nothing exciting going on. 
feeling a littee bogged down with everything I need to do today! 
@nmb340 Aww are you in college today? 
No post for us at all today 
not feeling the best today, got no sleep 
No games in the mail today 
really wanted her nails done today  *stamps feet, sulks*
diet starts today  
Feels like going out today! only no were to go 
My boss is on vaykay, &amp; have to go in to work no matter what in her absence. I'm so tired, and not looking forward to today 
Looking at www.eatliver.com and making myself feel happier as I am in pain today 
My hair is being uncooperative today. 
Spring break is over  I don't feel like fixing my hair today.
@lovemetoyou gave her that choice last night - today I have cancelled her sale after she asked yet again 
I'm all alone today 
i wish i were watching the marathon today - 
Lots of horses in the hospital today. 
can't listen to w4 live stream not working today 
Is hoping she still has a job today  
It's never fun when teachers come back to work, but today has been especially tough. 
Yay! I get to refill my prescription today. 
its going to be too hot for clothes today 
@ginaharris1 good luck!!! It's supposed to be 95 here today 
Little sis turns 17 today. I'm getting old 
why do I feel so lonely today? No friends around 
called off sick today 
I'm pretty upset about what the doctor said to me today 
..so tiiiired  it was like freaken 400 degrees today :|
@dharshana not fine ... tooooo maaannnnyyyy isssuesssss  to be solved before i hit the bed today 
today will be spent behind the wheel! 
sick kid today... 
@ExMi misery loves company... glad to see i'm not the only bad news bear today. 
@jadusyo the people who got in the top 5 got a call yesterday and today. 
not very well today  need to laugh and have a cuddle 
@mssangelique skipp with me today, im sick 
Is thinking of her big sister having surgery today.....  
has finally finshed at the show and is resting but my hand hurts cause i burnt it today. 
lost my bag today 
just ate a whole packet of lifesavers, and that is how i will serve my sentencing today. they're not working  my ears hurt
@greengecko29  Didn't realise - so sorry for your loss  We have a fire today too!
canoodled around downtown gville today with lauraface. g-e-l-a-t-o! I LOVE ME GELATO! sleep soon; early morning for leadership conference 
I have nothing to do today 
didnt get to talk to my crush today. 
I got laid off from my job today.   i am so sad!!!
learning more dressage today , but then i've got to go to work 
@lovestoned Unrelated (or not), but I got one of the high scores today, but it's not showing up yet 
Feeling a bit poorly today! Going down with a cold i think 
back to saturday-job today. 
I wonder what today will bring I forcast lots of cleaning and tidying 
i feel so uncomfortable today, clothes are rubbing, tooo hot 
It's 8:30pm and there are still 10 things that need to be done for today 
today i don't feel very well!  oh boy
Yesterday was great ;) but today I have to do my homework 
my wine flue has got worse today 
going to go see 17 again today and srry vfc but i hate x-men i am not going to see that at all! srry 
SATs today 
final today...wish me luck,... 
Why am I not hungry today? I've barely eaten anything ... Just when I thoughtI had put anorexia behind me 
I don't think breaking these shoes in today was a good idea... 
wish i was going to the gym today 
Up early  shower then off to work w/ the twins today http://myloc.me/q4V
depressed today... I miss my doggy 
So much for catching up on sleep and sleeping in today 
misses Kstr. I didn't get to see him today  Avou honey!
My icon isn't with me today he went to the aquarium without me 
I think im going to die today. Sounds better than feeling like vomiting. 
i thought when i woke up today my neck would feel better...definately not 
listening to sad songs 'cause i' m feeling alone today..  
want to try Tangomonium today 
Allergies are wiping me today. 
I'm pretty pissed I won't be at bamboozle today 
Should be at my cousins wedding today 
@MrEdLover working, recession style today 
Induction today...then studying 
@hexWarrior im not near one today  this is your fault hex!
looks like it is going to rain today 
have been raking the grass today - mum strimmed it. now i'm really tired 
goodmorning!! well.. it's cloudy out and looks like it is going to rain  we'll have to see what is on the agenda for today!
i think i caught H1N1 at production today 
More storage facility fun today 
Booozle today. I won't be there  damn not having any money.
practice  i don't want to run today
what are my plans today.  well work till 3pm.  wish i got off early so i could go golfing with vic. 
i wish wahoo was today  I want cotton candy
Looks like we could be rained out at the ballpark today.  
I don't know where to watch the fight today 
@kwheezy I have to work 11-7 today so I cant come to waldens  Maybe tomorrow?? I dont have anything till my 3:00 study group
Wish i went a walk today instead 
ugh...so many good games on today...hope didn't have to go to work 
I feel bad for my youngest.  I'm working and can't take him to the parade today 
I need something to do today 
No drivers license today 
is anyone going training today for elections!!!!!! 
It's doesn't look good for my oven today 
Isnt feeling well today. 
@icequeen057 @ryangeist don't think i will make it today.  still dealing with the lovely headache. only recently got myself out of bed.
The march of dimes event was very awesom today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! To bad I didnt win the car.    
@mcwflint But I haven't heard any adult riddles today 
my net is so fucking unstable today it keeps dropping out 
@SkyandZimba really don't feel like trivia today 
I have yet still to eaten anything today... I am hungrrrrrrrryyyyyyyyyy... 
well today started out fine but didn't end the way i had hoped. 
@MeganJarvo very soon, its gone completely crazy today and not working 
More slab laying today  Even though i never did anything yesterday!!!!! 
Morning, all.   I ran out of polyester stuffing yesterday, so I can't make any sock monsters today.  
Lots of form filling out today 
no walk for me today   the group are down in wales as its bank holiday
@LFCTV Is fernando out of the game today? 
Feels poorly again today 
Really missing my car today. 
The daily mail reports that Torres won't play today because of another hamstring problem. I really hope it's just a rumour 
I have sooooo boooting... yesterday i was going to buy a new computer but... the store was closed and today is sunday no store open 
must study for law today. leaving stras so soon 
Bridget left for chicago today. 
is footloose and fancy free &amp; wondering what to get up to today as no plans whatsoever 
feel not well today.. don't want fever.. 
I have nothing to do today 
http://twitpic.com/4h47s - Not feeling good today guys. 
Torres' hamstrings are acting again, that is why he will not feature today 
@djkus All of a sudden I'm regretting not going to the boot sale today. 
My copy of the tribune either hasn't arrive or isn't going to make it today.  
@19sank6swim i wanted to take change from your wallet today but i got shy. 
I have to say that I'm so depressed today that we're not heading to boston...especially since I had sweet dreams.  
I have a headache today 
does not want to start on this essay thats due today. 
Doing nothing today 
But today it looks terrible and not spot like and upon inspection it's a coldsore 
is in lots of pain today.  
wow, i wish i didnt wake up in my own bed today 
it's my birthday today 
Starbucks, you can be as slow as you want today, I'm not in a huge rush, but I want my caffeine 
One of my coworkers is leaving us today. Almost cried. 
ugh so sick today... I need cold meds 
No baseball today  of course
No hike today... it's raining 
i had planned to do college work today but i've done none 
@Agilesmusic it's supposed to rain here today, too.  I think I'll go to the movies.
i need to finish my portfolio today, but i have other stuff to do 
@mooskimo I'm sorry to hear your stress today! 
Dads making us clean the house today.  I DONT WANNAAAA!
I'm really bored today. Hopefully I can go out in a little bit but who knows. 
I don't feel like doing anything today. I have a fever 
Working on bids today. 
 supposed to get my guitar today. But I didn't! :'(
starting my vegan diet today. i won't be doing this if i were'nt sick and all 
its so boring today,  if i had a hundred dollars, i'd be at hollister
is pathetically sad that all my friends left gainesville today... and aren't coming back 
I finally had to use the block feature on twitter today. 
I wish I had been at bamboozle today 
argh. netregistry is pissing me off today, possibly because I expect it to be psychic &amp; think like I do 
I didn't go to the gym today  I feel like I missed out.
sadly, looks like no modem today. 
i have a lot of anxiety today 
i lost my earring today 
One upset lad today!! 
Unable to contact web hosting support all day today, no reply to my emails, no idea what is going on, looking for a more reliable host, 
@brandenroderick I think they made a mistake by firing you today and I believe you were judged on your looks and not brains today 
today was so tiren  cant stop but have to keep going
@SallyD well it was from soccer today. it hurts so bad right now... i just put hydrogen peroxide on it and it burns! 
I sprained my ankle in gymnastics today. 
Not too happy about being ill today 
i have to finalise a project by tommorw  too busy today
bank holiday today...apparently 
@saxa246 can't sleep either, went to bed at 11, woke up at 2 and now it's 4:22, really sucks that i have class today too 
Tired today and got rehearsals 5 till ten 
I wish i played soccer today 
Geeking out.  I don't want my surgery today  so nervous.
the nephew wants to go and see 'fast and the furious' so thats what we are doing today, too wet for the moors 
so today, i thought i was off too town, to get a new webcam, but it turns out, im getting dragged on a bikeride! hmf! 
so today, i thought i was off too town, to get a new webcam, but it turns out, im getting dragged on a bikeride! hmf! 
is way off her game today &amp; not feeling that at all...and it's not even 7am yet! 
Trying to upload today's @londonist interview, and the system is SO slow  boo!
Feeling sick today 
Is very cold today  I have like 4 layers on
Perhaps we won't go the races today 
I hardly ever eat breakfast, 'cos it makes me sick. I tried it today. It made me sick. 
So much shooting and image resourcing today 
down in the dumps today 
@diaryofabadman  nice to see u have a goal today 
Not working out today or going to work. I'm so effing sick 
Oh god, my pink eye is so itchy today. 
@bobbinrob i need to write today's installment for mmom... and I have no ideas 
Finals today 
@Homesickblues So I can't sing you happy unbirthday today? 
I can't believe I'm still here... I told myself not to use the computer today 
a busdriver almost hit my car today 
Ugh star testing today..... 
@Ambreis What up sticky, I have no plans for today, and It's hella ugly outside 
such a terrible backache today..  i'm feeling so old and i'm not even 16 yet! lol
i feel sick  uqhh. today was a waste of an outfit man.
@PlusSizeMommy missed you today, wish you could have done the walk with @alyanafrederick and I  #sigjeans
Hopes that somebody isn't mad about not getting an email  from him today... 
I wish i could go to the club today 
i got a haircut today...and i don't think you can even tell...i wanted it shorter.. 
had to put our bearded dragon to sleep today 
*sigh..* today just keeps getting worse. 
@flyfisherwiz during some of my bad hands I'm guessing. I lost a good $4 today 
@brievity, stopped in at prive today!  @jessecornell told me you're still recovering; get better soon doll!
Still no word from him today 
@artonfire missed you today  hope you feel better &lt;3
I seem to suck at life today. 
@buckofive have a good one today. I cannot partake in the skullduggery as still trying to shake of flu 
arrrrrr fuck so many things r pissing me off today 
No running today due to sickness 
Going to work.  but at least I can wear jeans today!
snapped my deck today 
wished some one thought of her today 
not marking today although inevitably there is a pile, catching up on paperwork 
Gardening for me today, lawns and hedges, 
My taxes today ;   my taxes today 
Morning, really not in a good mood today. 
well, up again, no progression on anything, down to 1 vicodin left, hopefully done today 
39/42 yesterday with 5 three putts  Hopefully can get the ball to the hole today.
my baby goes back today 
A fraction of my heart possibly broke today 
@Geishka  come on my dear, you want to go out today? i'm not participating in the charity sooq i told u about 
grand prix ! got so much design to do today 
woke up at 2pm today and have nothing to do! 
@getsweetie doesn't feel that way today.    wondering where my joy went...
Hoping my car will be fixed today 
got to sleep - very tiring today  - emotionally I am drained - take care all - be good (if that is possible!)
I don't want to work with a certian someone today  I hope I don't have to.
this hay feaver is killing me today....... 
going to my grandparents today. 
today is my last dance recital!!  I can't believe its almost over!! :'( I hope brit can come today!
just not in the mood for revising today 
So, I have a million and two things to do today! I really would just to sleep it all off, but I can't 
I wish I was with my mom today 
@tjhunsaker i don't want to go to work today either!  boo!!!
Going to go visit my grandfather later at the hospital. He went in today 
I wish I could see my mommy today! 
want to make more jewellery but not sure where to begin today! 
i don't get to see my mommy today 
Struggling to get out the bed...looks like I missed service today 
Grouting done for today  now to wash it out my hair. How it got there i dont know 
i wish my mom wasn't working today 
i dont get to see my mommy today  
@divacowgirl *hugs* I know today is hard for you. I'm sorry 
@CrystalLaw not on that website, I checked right after we called the person. And I don't think the shelters are open today 
@jessbarrow i miss you guy a lot today. I wish i could be there, I need love 
This is so depressing.. my roommates are all moving out today...  I might cry.
No one's here today? 
Wish I was with my mom today 
Missed out on seeing a friend today.  Could've been the best encounter ever.  
really missing my mommy today. 
It feels good to sit won't be able to be with my family today 
I forgot to take pictures today... 
some progress made today...not as much as I had hoped though 
My little one had a nose bleed today 
while the bounce house made yesterday amazing, I am in way too much pain today because of it... kind of sad how out of shape I feel 
Just refound hub pages &amp; they have a cool hub challenge starts today, publish 30 or 100 hubs in 30 days - don't think I'm up for that yet 
@samanthasiahaan same here too... sentosa trip seems to be canceled today 
so many of my friends left today on birthright 
testing today was bad 
M2 mrowing again (has done so a few times today, though M1 attributed earlier to hunger, since M2 couldn't eat today) -- sad mrow 
@SnearCAT   I know!  I worked dayshift today.   I miss you guys! 
re exam today...  :| wish me luck!! 
@Rilgon It's broken \o/ I dunno  bleh~ good thing I haven't been paying too much attention to twitter today.
wants to be tired but took a nap today 
need to complete this project today... but feeling sleeeppy 
@chiewata not seeing the n97 today  my editor going...
i feel like crap today i have a bloody cold and i have to go to school today which i could have today off and i have double spanish 
@BrandyandIce nothing to special today  thinking about going shopping now thou lol
@eibbod disappointing, only one tweet today 
@avlieshout great! I'm going to order it later today. I forgot my credit card 
spent ages yesterday setting up message filters on thunderbird, only for them not to work today. shakes fist in anger 
so much to do today and so little motivation 
@yourmommasboy i had ear surgery today! 
Ahhh wish i could go to the #mcfly signing today  #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly
I put on shorts today but I may have made a mistake 
Arghhhhhh...I overslept today.  http://tinyurl.com/qfozve
i have to catch a bus today 
says good morning world, but I dont feel too great today!!! 
@lishusm It's raining a lot here today too 
didn't get package today  (waiting for two of the things)
feels really bad today 
having a hectic TGIT today 
How much blood do they need from...they took even more today 
today is hot,too.  the design exhibition  so big that i tired......  http://plurk.com/p/tqtwa
lost her temper today, for her next trick she will lose her mind. 
said no because she wants to go on the field trip today which is happening whether it's storming or not.  So no sleeping in for me! 
i feel so crappy today  stupid allergies
Not sure I can take much more of the weird stuff #winplaylist is playing me today 
hitting the highway... i'm hungry. no lunch today 
@CosgroveMiranda well....I have to go to the doctors today. 
god its not fun in here today 
Dreading having to go to the doctor today 
well, so much for my kids playing outside today. 
My back still sucks today 
@mikyv no man . i tryed today and it`s blocked again ! 
couldn't find his sunglasses on his way to work today 
where is @TriniGirlBlue today?  honey we miss you!
i wish i had a crown today 
@lindseyhancock ahh we shouldve gone  sounds great today.
/me doesn't own a bike and isn't going to work today. #ridetowork failure 
realised today i am unbelievably bad at arm wrestles 
@SueCSmith I was in the building and came by to see if you were there today. But I couldn't find you! 
today i did nearly nothing at all 
still no brother today = me still being bummed out 
forgot to twitter today. damn i'm bad at this 
my wedding is today and my feet are swollem 
I need a cure...I am so not feeling well today 
i haven't had any frozen yogurt today and i am sadddddd 
Too sleepy but I force myself to stay up late. I have to finish my thesis today 
@therealTiffany I saw your 'disney 365' episode today, and it made me realize how much i miss youuu   octoberrrrrr!
He woulda been 35 today. I love him and miss him everyday. 
feels like i havent been to any events in a while....even though, i was just at one today...but it rained, so it go cut short. 
Wow today not much people is at twitter!! 
final sailing lesson today 
@woosang well done though. i was meant to be doing that distance today but not well enough to go 
Sadly i ain't going to church today missed d 1st service 
@bannersrus They have found the most annoying alternative songs of the 90s and today... must... not... kill... them.  I'm so tired 
Waiting for my wow account to be recovered. It got hacked. So no gaming for me today.... 
@MatthewTalty nothing really.... i think i am going to study for real today 
And I've got a driving lesson today 
Loving life but not loving that i need to work all morning today! BOOHOO 
I have many things to do today 
argh why does it have to rain today....no photography i guess 
wow today is so freaking hot!! i want to go to the beacchhh. or anywhere to swim. 
thinking of inside activities for today seeing as it's raining 
today i heard something that made me sad 
Nothing to do today... 
Not going to make early service today, turned my alarm clock off and when back to sleep 
going to josh's dads funeral today  sad!
@demiswissfan her birthday was on wednessday and her party was yesterday and today. its to long a story to explain lol 
aww  i can't hang out with lens today. no ride ((
If you call or text me today, I won't reply - a little water, does a lot of damage... 
ended up going to the mall yesterday. but my mom is forcing me to go to church today 
is off to work  Hopefully today goes by fast...
Going to six flags with the gang today....last ACES trip 
@kasanika Thinking of you &amp; your family today.  
man its still so early today is passing by so slowly 
thinks he had one of his worst games ever today...  http://plurk.com/p/ucmpa
i have gone through 3 of the 5 films today. i hate being poorly 
wonders why i am bothering to go to work today 
has a feeling that today is going to be boring. 
best friend's graduation today-do. not. want. 
I can't find the cardigan I want to wear today.  I'm blaiming all of you. @No_iDehea @radioalexander @LLCOOLDAVE @xiCandix @blasianFMA
Getting ready to head back to D.C.  I wish I could see you today 
Really annoyed with what I have to do today   at least I get to watch the game 7s
very slow computer today... 
is having to go back to bed, that's how rotten my body is being to me today 
No feast today. 
Really bad headache today 
@qclindalou thanks i love it!  but cant stay long little one still sick  how are you today?
is feeling very disapointed with the lack of love today 
@jamshedwadia we didnt get to talk today! we saw each other during briefing but we were busy after that! 
on my break...its almost voer  today is boring..
@fifinoir We ca't switch roles - I like my early rising! We missed going to the market today because of the huge lay in 
hiked the chief yesterday in runners   Going to look for real hiking boots today!  Any recommendations from my West Coasters?
i have to work today   i really just need to get motivated today before i go to work so i can get some stuff done today, that wont happen!
no! the juicer place is closed today  ah well. it's still beautiful out
procrastinating! I really don't want to do my chores today 
urggh runny nose.  I'm not short of things to complain about today.
Going to be 70 degrees today? Too bad I have to work 
@icheer24 afternoon!  sad  no racing today
watching food network, downing some coffee.  survived yesterday's 15hr shift, not looking forward to going back today for another 8-10 
a little depressed today at the realization that I need to lose weight 
nothing interesting to report today. 
Aww paranormal state isn't on today 
has a migraine today. 
No frisbee golf for me today 
i seem to be lazy today. i dont feel like going anywhere to even get food.. 
missed what was apparently an awesome worship service today 
@dannywood @joeymcintyre @donniewahlberg @jordanknight @jonathanrknight I can't believe you guys haven't done any tweeting today 
Feeling broken today: back aches, belly gurgles, ideas slightly swirling  
Feeling broken today: back aches, belly gurgles, ideas swirl 
I think I've had way too much tea today. 
go maths exam today 
I'm not at all looking forward 2 today 
Two tests today 
very tired today ... not looking forward to the maths exam 
urgh  maths gcse today not ready=fail   today is going to be fun 
Superbikes were awesome...but I am paying for it today 
my cough has hurt me so bad today 
i got to drive today! but i sucks at parallel parking. 
maths exam today  wish me luck
@jjgrella FREAAKKK  i missed all the new episodes today :
I am soo ill got the docters today 
is feeling really sad today, my parrot died 
@kalylkadri i would but my bottom is broken and i couldnt beach it today 
fed up as a fed up person can be today!!!! 
well the fact that I'm redundant has finally sunk in today. So today will be spent hunting for a new job. Not a nice feeling 
awake, showered and need food!!! have a stinking prelim today  not good!
tired/cranky today 
@sarahlar I did all my washing in tumble dryer yesterday because I thought it would rain today 
have stuff to do today but really finding it hard to stoke the fire to get going 
My hives are up today. Makes me feel crappy 
Is really tired of this craziness...no trainer again today... 
I don't feel like studying the next subject. It's the definition of boring. And it goes so slow. I'm sure I won't finish it today 
Not feeling good today might go home in a bit 
Feeling very hungry today, probably because I missed my breakfast 
Going to the bus in 6 mins  REALLY cold out today!
never can feel more stupid than today  need a hug!
r.i.p michael miss you   gawny be so hard today &lt;33
i am so sleepy but there's still lots of assignments that i should finish it today 
has had to much dairy today  i feel sickkkk
So many tests today! 
no coffee today 
back to work...knee still messed up, so probably no running today 
my eyes hurt really bad today 
Really wishing i could stay in bed . . Or at least wear pjs to work . . Neither of those will happen today! 
gets to go to the dentist today.  
So today's agenda is... well same as yesterday really, geology revision 
@xoticbeauty booooo not the story I was hoping for  lol...how are you today? ;)
feels sad today.  Wants to sleep more.
@cursedbyevil I'm too stressed today, my fantasy didn't survive it 
It's dull today  sad times but on the plus side I'm away to spend more moneys I'm town again today!!! 
extremely tired today! passed out EARLY yest  someone save me!!! lol... Morning Twitts!!
@MattSaysHi that's weird, today I feel like my back is breaking. 
@hayleypea Think the best I shall risk today is soup 
I'm so tired. Why does graduation have to be today? 
My chest is too sore today to do my cardio, I hope I havent been overdoing it 
I feel today is going to be horrid. The milk has gone off and there's nothing for breakfast. 
today i have to take the history test that i missed last thursday 
N feeling too grand today, thought I was just hungry but even a big lunch hasn't sorted it out 
Not feeling myself and I have an interview today 
has nothing to do today 
Getting ready to go out in early morning service!!! And parents come back from london today, so the parties must cease.... 
My voice is still gone and i have an interview today...spectacular! 
is going to miss her Chlobug today! 
I'm going to town today to get more brackets on.... joy. 
thinks my allergies are trying to kill me today... 
has the flu today 
@KStauffer  is right.... have you been able to get hold of your doc yet today?
owch my eye stillllll hurts but even worse today.  stuuuupid art projects are today so I can't miss school wah. bad day today I can tell..
Now I have to start my paper. I really don't wan to but it's due today. 
I hate that there's no buses today. 
Courtt and i are up, and i have an essay to start and finish today. 
@SunaG I really really wanted to sleep in today, but I have lab meeting tomorrow and need some more data 
@h2o_x :O who are we not liking today youu? 
Man I feel so horrible today like I've been hit by a bus. 
very very bad hangover today 
Just woke up and applying for jobs. Wow, I can already tell today is going to be exciting... 
I am so board today 
I can't believe I forgot my mobile today 
doesn't want to go get her allergies tested today 
Is not looking forward for a math final today 
Starvation is the demonic force I have been crowned with today! I cast u away right now!!!! I need to eat something!  lol
German today... Lies. 
No quote from telly or movies today 
I only wanted one thing today and I prolly won't get it 
has an even fatter thumb today. 
doesn't feel like she's done a whole lot today 
@kankanbabie lol i called you today punk from alberts phone you didnt answer 
i have bra issues today. i hope i have not put on weight 
@MIKEYFUENTES some important people were asking me about you today when it occurred to me that I don't really know your story 
feels really ill today  rrruuubish.
@seobelle no breakfast today? 
Aghh!! internet connection so slow today 
i get a lie in today! going to schoool at half past though 
I get the feeling that today could be a little bit 'testing' .... 
Absolutely no concentration today 
Moving the boyfriend to his new apartment today... No tears today..well....maybe 1 or 2 
need to do some housework today so should really get started with that. 
@drdogbert I'm only in late today, but I'm going to miss the rugby 
I have aching legs today 
eyes sting today 
have to tidy up my room today 
Seeing specialst about my feet today , just waiting for scans. 
today is passing reasonably quickly. icebar tonight? headache not entirely gone, alcohol will do me no good.  we'll see.
@lofiel I got as far as the store today 
I have the hump today 
@JamrockRover  What's spinster, lol, you're just making me feel inferior today with these things I don't know 
Is feeling a little bit poorly today 
santorini deserves it's reputation.. i really don't want to go home today 
did lots of experiments today! soooper tired!!! 
one is eating many flapjacks. have heard they cure all ails and I need that today 
I have the feeling at some point today, i am going to throw up. 
has much to do today.  And missing a field trip 
...is doing some important things today... But now i have a appointment at the doctor. For sure-it's not my fav date for today. 
Really nauseous from my #ifast today. Does anyone else have this issue? How long is it going to keep happening? 
Oh and not happy that yesterday my back tooth got chiped and it was hurting today whist eating 
Moving cubicles today. No more windows! 
puzzle caches upset me sometime  should be able to get out caching today!!
It's raining...  and I had to wash the car today.. :/
Ugh parents get to sleep in today  jealous
@ElleCMcG I love them when they cut it right  Haha I'm hoping they do a good job today!!!
going to the cemetery . my grandpa died today . 
got back from camp today  
Going to attempt gardening today...I hate bugs 
Why is my notes still runny today? 
Why is my nose still runny today? 
Ugh. We find out who got what editor position today! 
@tracyswartz booooo!!! I didn't get my redeye today  I feel incomplete
@TomFelton I ran out of chocolate today  So jealous right now lol
Ugh.. biomechanics final today.. 330-630..  .. Then terminator! 
up and almost ready... I'm feeling sick today 
realised today that i get attached to things i'd no business of getting attached to!! 
had enough for today. still 4hours of my shift left though 
Feeling really tired today.I think I'm getting sick 
My mom is thinking about putting kelly down today... 
waaaaah! it's our monthsary today but still there are no greetings from him! 
I don't want to go to work today  I can't wait til I go on vacation!
In court today providing moral support to one of my clients...they really got dealt a bad hand... 
middle boy is v. poorly today 
I actually hate my house today 
@youquit I just wasn't feeling very well, curled up in bed until I felt a little better. I have a lot to do today, can't be sick 
@Twisuz morinng to you!!! my phone isnt working today  so i wont be on as often!!
Working! Should have took today off!! 
nooo! @legacy62 @Twisuz morinng to you!!! my phone isnt working today  so i wont be on as often!!
party was fun.  been in the lab again most of today all done now thankfully now to start revising.... 
@princessavila No my face still hurts today.  
I didn't expect that I would lose my job today! 
Every coffee I've had today has been shocking 
i'm gonna die today  track meet today then dance after.
On my way to work, just got paid today and I'm already broke 
doesn't think there is a good enough reason for him to get out of bed today 
My hair just didn't want to curl today.  so its all retarded.
the little ones are sick today. 
rough start today, very ill, unofficial store opening may be delayed 
failing at diabetes this morning (low, low, low), therefore will probably fail at going out for my last c25k run today. 
no gym today   I was doing so good too!!!
Leaving for the bayou  today and I feel sick 
is very sad to be leaving mydeco today 
@alsiladka actually it was a torrent file, but damaged.. the second one today 
was really wishing her phone would come in today 
is blahhh catching up on homework and studying today 
So much sadness today...people passing away 
I miss my best friend! I'm sad I didn't get to see her today! 
is going to work. I dont feel very well today. 
I seem to have misplaced some letters I was hoping to mail tomorrow. I went to the post office today to buy pretty stamps &amp; everything. 
About to hit the sheets long shift today 
my sister or brother didn't call me today to see how i was doing after my surgery. 
not in the best mood today. 
Is trapped was trapped in his house today 
was trapped in his house today 
maths test today.. and i'm screwed because i can't find my scientific calculator 
Feeling very crap today, so wish I didn't...have singing tonight. 
went golfing today in gym and learned she sucks soo much at it 
Just woken up, and not looking forward to today whatsoever 
angry to have been given the run around today 
My daddy left today. 
@Merzmensch sigh...that number isn't so good today 
Not very many dogs at doggie daycare today, so I was cut from working today  awwwwwww.
No don't rain! We have a debuton at the shop her pics r today 
@ndnjoey  can i stay with you too, i dont feel so good today 
i don't like today at all. i want things to work out bewteen us very badly, but you lie too much. 
Has more apprehension about today than is good for the soul 
I have SO MUCH to do &amp; yet, here on the couch I sit. Running all of those errands today wore me out. 
just watched 7 pounds.   going to try and sleep but I know I won't be able to. today was the worst. 
@jholman23 slow. no dinner with the ex today.  was looking forward to it actually. haven't seen him in awhile. you?
I suffered the most enormous migraine today... They are not fun 
http://twitpic.com/65zuj The sad sight of today. 
The sound of birds singing in the morning makes me feel happy, not today tho 
today is depressing got my mark back for business studies and it's sooo BAD! 
I can't sleep...I keep thinking about the puppy I played with today 
Looks like it's going to be too nice to work today, how annoying as I have no choice 
And then you find out today they had there first kiss! } 
maybe i should take up drinking again, feel as if i have a ,massive hangover  still not ,yself today 
@djcoombs not at my workplace.   but a short-sleeved shirt is absolutely necessary today!
is it unny today or not? taking too long to decide haha. i wna get a tan 
Not excited of blowing out another candle today... [as when I was a kid!]  
@vivzy yeps...just for today though  I badly wanted to do some geek-shopping...
aw got orthodontist today 
I want to ride my bicycle today, but it's too cold and cloudy today 
I want to ride my bicycle today, but it's too cold and cloudy today  http://snipurl.com/izzsn
Also, anyone else hayfevery today??? I've only been awake for 40mins and sufferin already 
up and about to do my hair...ugh, i dont want to go to work today! 
I failed my maths exam today. fxxxmylife 
It's /far/ too sticky hot today. I do wish my cars air conditioning worked 
Cleaning the old apartment today. Yay... 
@mixxxonn we watched the today show(: we didnt see you though 
@tiffaniallen: i'm happy you got your hair did!! and i cant wait til i get back to see it! we're leaving today 
@JonathanRKnight welcome back! I'm stuck in jury duty today. 
i should be &quot;bus stalking&quot; right now..i soo wish i were still meeting @jordanknight today 
I don't want to program today 
@flyyKiDDangel lmao I need a shopping partner today. 
I've been killing ants today ( put workers to alcohol for genetic analysis). I feel kind of bad for that... Its necessary, but not nice 
I didn't go to the gym today and I feel bad 
Everything is annoying me today 
i hate interviews. im going to do horrible today 
I want some sushi today 
feels really weird today. 
hangover today 
I actually participated in lit today :p Also, it better not rain 
isnt very happy about the fact that her back is hurting today 
got up at 8 today, and also misses his friend @danceashleylove 
was laughed at today for being too hopeful with the things... 
Is on the couch hungover--don't expect much out of me today 
@hobgoods- yeah i went to satellite beach today and it was flattt  it was good for skimming though.
not really in the twitter mood today... i don't know what to do 
is in mourning that he is having to miss the homesssssskooooler fair today!!!  
@tessonfire I feel almost empty inside today.  Not a good feeling. 
I dont know what to have for lunch today and its so darn cold today 
When am i getting a yearbook?  today was strange
@tatrtalk I wanted to, but I sadly work today.  Normally, I don't work Fridays, either.
Sheesh my meds make me feel like I'm at the bottom of the ocean...and I have to go back to work today  Be sad with me...
Immediately regretting my decision to come into the office today, miss my bed 
@BrooklynDDecker twice? lucky you. i havent even watched it once. just released here today. 
i didnt get a hug today 
@TheHebrican can we trade weather? it's all gloomy today in la. 
@egsa I knooooow.  I'm just down on myself today I guess. I'll work on catching up instead. It would take too long to get there now.
does not like ups much today... 
@melzygirl you have no interview today? 
ugh, i dont feel like going to work today 
-- I won't feel guilty and like I should be revising stuff after today, haha 
Man i am being boring today not tweeting  How are you guys?
http://twitpic.com/67fcj - what i have to resort to wearing today cause i haven't finished my laundry. lol. 
@mileycyrus it wouldnt let me vote yesterday  but i made up for it today. i really hope u win cause everyone knows u deserve it =D
 at the direct selection tool who is being stubborn and not working for me today.
Why does my boss have to come in today..... 
got to clean the bathroom today. 
@Nairtseuqe so my son is not the only one!  that's really nice to know.  he really is good at being three. and dh will be late today 
Guess not today 
Waiting in line to get gas..94 degrees today 
can't go to the movies today 
OMGod I'm soooo tired    I don't think I have the energy to film today lol
@CarsXCollide: no, I fell and effed my arm up today and now I have to do back drive. 
@kmaco214 He's probably in bed...depends on what aide he has today. 
i really wanted to go to surfers today 
its really hot out today  being hairy is gay
still no pool key. wth. it's even hot out today.  
@JBOO46 when he's there. he wasn't there today. sadness! 
people are not twitting very much today 
I just realized the reason why I am so sad today is because it's reeeeally gloomy outside 
@jeanettesanchez lucky you, all we've had is rain in the city today  enjoy! ;)
I had a realization today, and it made me sad  But at least the healing can begin.
went on a long 10 mile bike ride today, then it started raining 
going to jack's tribute match today 
wow, 5 pm rolled around really fast. I accomplished only one thing on my to do list today... 
Nursing sore back today 
I am sad that my kids were ungrateful today 
@rWilliamr I'm tryin not the be boring today . . . I just can't seem to come up with thing to say 
@Jonasbrothers friends of mine just meet you today..... I can't wait until it is my turn  
@alvarlux it was so freaking hot in the bakery today   I melted
Selling off the rest of the restaurant today... 
is missing her red hair today 
is saying a sad farewell to her little dog today, 
I think I got sun poisoning today. I'm not feeling too shabby. 
@LaurenBarnholdt lucky to get two, they were all out when i got there today 
Missing my girls who left me today... 
argh, today it's so cold!!! god i'm freezing in my bed 
I feel like crapppppp today ugh  save me
all the music plan came down today  it was okay tough
hey i thought i'd get lucky and get to talk to two amazing people today but i guess not. 
just got my phone plugged into the wall. it has been dead since like 11 today. 
@ineedpads YAH  haha you saw them in the papers today? So many!
I NEED to start my project that was due today...right now. I just don't get it!! 
man nuggets really let me down today 
@noele6277 I have sun today.. but warmth would be good 
@LoloNelson no i am in the desert I am not sick just sore fell off a ladder today 
i didnt get to see drag me to hell today 
I Can not belive i got sun burnt today.  i tried so hard not to 
I have nothing to do today.  so bored. ????
2 red bull today. I won't sleep and I have to wake up early 
Tired, and feeling blue again...  but i got my license today and no more debt!!!
@CyndysZoo very bad bad call today. A little too close to home. 
Going to help my brother with his move today so far, I'm late 
no CodeCamp for me today :/ my car broke down 
@Wignorant miss you more! i was just thinking about you today 
I really don't want to go to work today cause it's going to be so hot 
Getting  glasses today 
going to work, my stomach really hates me today ouchh 
can not decide on the best way to get a suntan today!!! 
Is going to fry today 
Sims 3... 33%... Not today then 
Maybe when i wake up today my hair will magically grow back  sigh why did i fail at life yesterday?
not in a good mood today.. 
nothing to tweet about today 
looks like no swimming today. 
opticians today. i hate that 
has the worst headache ever. and work today. yay. i'm scared 
does really not feel like talking today 
I have nothing to do today 
is doing more church innovations stuff today. no wireless where i will be 
is sooo sleepy and doesn't want to work today 
Oh my goodness I realllllllyyyy ccbbbaaaa with revisionisation today 
Believes in doing what you love...and will not be able to do that today! 
is missing the welsh coast today 
doesn't want to work today. I want to be at the pool. 
says today, my drawing was not successful...  http://plurk.com/p/x7f4r
I hate beeakfast foods  It better not rain today.
hopes mr. noah is feeling better today 
I was meant to go ballooning today but it's too windy 
@theroxburygrl Ugh, I have cramps today too. 
No golf today, working in the yard. 
@violinistaa  .. nothing gorgeous and sunny about today here  .. it's raining!
I need to have a white rose ring and I finally saw one today, but it wasn't my size. 
missing out on my own graduation today 
@laname ditto about #asylm, haha. I'm good - driver's ed today 
not feeling top notch!  Auditions today !!
efff no gym today. 
isn't going to make it to #vocampdc today, either  sigh.
I'm waaaaaay too hot to be comfortable today... and I need to go rooting around in the shed later 
Oh no! The shopping center is close today! 
Home sick can't teach today 
man I have to work today that sucks 
its really nice out today, cold inside though  need to do someting
back to the hospital today 
no dancing today  not well:'(
has to say goodbye to joshua today. 
Really don't feel like starting this prep sheet today ... 
I hate today to the max 
@shannatrenholm  It is really overcast here  wonder if it will be hot in Victorvillle...my destination today 
What is it with the noise today!! What does a girl have to do to get some peace so I can study!! 
@revsongbird I think someone else posted earlier today that they were having problems, so I think it's broken 
Oh... I see why today is just a meet and greet... :/ yes, it is still very, very painful for me 
laying around in my undies, I want to be lazy today but I have a feeling that's not going to happen 
I am missing today's @CinWomenBlogger with speaker @girlfriendology 
No mark hoppus today 
Jeremys going away party today 
and my drawing skills seem to be on strike today 
Today I am the parent watching the game from the car.  Allergies too strong today 
i have to mow the lawn.  at least theyres a pirates AND penguins game later today!
my babies are getting their hair cut today 
I might have to fire someone today. 
I feel like today is going to be filled with faggotry.  
Feelings alternating to up and down today... 
doing nothing today  waiting for my phone......
Just woke up. I have two grad parties today 
My hubby has to work today!    And it's drizzly outside.
@seblefebvre you coudl have helped me today. I needed a strong man 
Outside, fishing with my cousins. Not too many fish out today 
my hayfever is really bad today 
too cold for shorts today 
More wedding dress shopping today... Nothing so far 
is goin to work around the house today! nothing to do today 
will go for another haircut tomorrow. because me dont like my haircut today 
I sooo wish I had something to do today 
@drewBdope Thanks!!! But i don't think i'll even make it outside today..lol. I'm worn out 
can't believe no full service for us today.. 
Ugh... throat still hurts today... i bet i caught something 
In a hurry to make breakfast, I broke the yoke on both my eggs today 
Wish i didnt have to work today   cinema tonight though
no music making today.  
ive been 2 berton dassett hills today.  now bright red. 
hungover house cleaning? necessary, but not fun  thankfully it's not supposed to be uberhot today.
I really dont know what to do today.....  my plans got canceled...... :/
no riding today 
All the people around me are down today..wish i knew what i could do to make them feel better.. 
@mileycyrus that sounds good! Wish i could do that today! 
I didn't sign up to attend a wedding today  ugh
Everything is lagging today. 
Really glad I got to see coach today- not that it makes the transition any easier 
i have to give the cutest kitten i've ever seen away today. 
@joeboyfresh heather says they have one more meeting and they'll tell us early today.  I'm really about to puke I swear 
I swear I had something to do today and I can't figure it out   I hope I'm wrong!
@jonnyfairfull is moving out today, sad times 
for today, unless i get a text first, i shall not be talking to anyone 
feeling a bit   at least i'm getting my first pair of sneakers today
My cat is attacking my feet.  Even he can't be nice today.  
@mulatta me tooooo.  I had cereal for breakfast today.  It was not satisfying.  
My job is cool sometimes... but not today. 
My best friend doesn't get to come over today. 
I ran over and killed a ground hog today  on 21
@capricious_and you are superwoman! too bad i wasn't able to go to your event today 
is looking more like a lobster today 
I didn't want to spend $1100 on my car today. 
i wish i woulc be at that meet in the middle thing today 
no little necks today.  fishmonger was absent from the market due to a mysterious emergency.  
ugh i am so tired still  hows everyone doing today?
@wesgarner no cutting today. I'm sad 
Oh no!,17 again is not in the cinema today   So I'm not going u.u
I haven't eaten anything today 
hungryyy! lol i have no extra babysitter today 
@chadmacklin i saw you today, but I was too late, you left before I could say hello 
@mrsbenzedrine how did you like today's concert? I'm sorry, that I couldn't stay longer with you, chicks 
@lanagavin we didn't get to insert any today!  They told us we'll probably only learn once we're working RNs.     No sticking innocents.
i hate today  i wish people would get off my case before i go insane
@caige hey I wanted to tell you that I'm in poughkeepsie today but it keeps saying undelivered message  why is that?
Aw, the trend show was today  wish I went..
I can't stop thinking about my dog!  I had to put him down today.
is actually not keen for soccer today  for once
@moirabee today 1-6 but it is/was $35 at the door 
I hate rollercoaters... But today I'm going to be force to. 
walking is turning out to be an incredibly difficult task today 
The stavs were robbed not in the top three your having a recount, actually who gives fuck, only had two drinks today unfortunately timed 
@StaceyDall haha you worked it out!!! boohoo!!, better get revising!! i need to revise to but all i done was sunbathe today 
@DitaVonTeese I went to buy the t shirt you designed from H&amp;M today, to my horror it was sold out 
Just got a new dress! I love it. Its so hot out today 
I really hate my uterus today. 
I am feeling contrarian about the real estates and the economies...I also got a 164 on practice lsat today, sad times 
@TrueProgressive I paid $25 plus train fare to see the game today. 
No mall today 
Not sure if it is my allergies getting worse or if I am coming down with a cold but it sure is getting the best of me today 
spent soo much on shipping today? Everything just keeps going up and up 
My best friends graduated today. 
I got sunburned in the 30 min. I was at the growers market today.  
got ditched today..  round 2 on brown and blonde.
Singing is way off today so I'm sad. 
Nothing to update today on my site! 
Nothing exiting to do today. 
I feel ashamed that i drank soda today 
I wish I could rewind today back. I am terribly sorry dog, I never meant to hit you 
i saw a duck get squished today 
I fell today since I'm a huge loser and I think I broke my big toe 
another stupid birthday part to go to today. noooooooo 
running on the treadmill today was excruciating. pretty sure this is what hell feels like 
uploading about 150 pictures from today...only 10 of them are me and julie 
Wemt kayaking today and now i have sunburn 
@mgdavies  I don't want to fight! The theater I went to today was all sold out!
today i discovered i own at badminton. but now i can't find my phone 
so emotional today yet I have no idea whyyy 
wishing @Jonasbrothers would appear on my doorstep   I'm really depressed today for some reason 
I'm so tired of arguing so today its officially over!  I guess it had to end sooner or later. *I tried* http://myloc.me/29rW
EEK.  @brookethornton I didn't see you today...   All packed and ready to go.
I ate too much fast food today  don't feel good
everyone that has called myy phone today, has laughed at me 
Working on episode 79 and depressed today. Not a good one for me. 
So.....nothing positive to say about the A's loss today, just depressing 
People keep saying that I'm losing weight, but I stepped on the scale today and I haven't lost anything? 
parents bailed on money to go see up today.  i'm sad
Nothing exciting to tweet today... not feeling well 
needs to update her blog today, at least 1 entry before it get really &quot;abandon&quot;...  http://plurk.com/p/xbfou
is exhausted &amp; thinking I'm too old to do the diving tricks I did today. I'm sore now. 
just called the lancome boutique where we were supposed to have a facial and unfortunately they are fully booked today 
@donniewahlberg Missed your tweets today 
@KathrynKinney I am far from my computer right now.  I had given up on talking to you today... (
I am a huge fan of today.  I'm more than a little sad that it's over. 
... I wish I can get some rest today ... 
@purihere i think today is the ending of our favorite drama 
@christiantft I went to get the smartpunk bundle today and I thought great its $19 but with postage and exchange it ended up being $45L 
@lovewillie missed the last showing for today 
had fun island hopping &amp; snorkeling today. Too bad it rained 
 vacations over today
Not happy about the thought of working today. 
@jyusan good-bye then for today 
unhappy today 
went to the footy today but it wasnt very fun! 
i seen marley and me today, bawled my eyes out 
Is sad, disappointed and confused. No mood to sell Breadou today... Hikss  
just woke up. Not looking forward to the coursework finishing I have to do today  x
i held two snakes today! And i put one on my chest and tried to be funny but just got scared 
Permed my hair today. Not allowed to wash it until Tues!!! 
So worn out from today, pretty sore 
was on a writing wave yesterday, but has nothing today 
it is raining   but today i see all my family
is trying to get hold of boyfriend to tell him im not coming out today, as i am ill  x
revising again today   *sniff*
is feeling rather grumpy today  ah the life of a teen...
@grant0r i'v got stuffs to do today 
aww .. so sad .. i have no load for today .. 
had a draw in hockey last night and a loss today.... wish i had better news.... 
@tommcfly I want to meet you before you leave  so go to the hotel's lobby today, PLEASE 
My hair is bad today 
Revising for chemistry today... 
Going to tutor. Feels rough today...too early! 
ndiswrapper doesn't want to play ball today 
got to wash and clean the car today. not impressed 
i want to go out today. but nobody wants to or is busy 
Oh noes. Why are so many people upset today? 
Just found out the worst thing today 
Feeling a little sad today   @cuteliltrinket That text wasnt for you, sorry! Lol
Missing breakfast with my boys today because I have to work. 
I'm missing football today... 
i have no desire to go to work today AT ALL 
So tired, so much homework to do today.. it's so nice out too 
I need coffee! I don't really want to go to brunch today.. 
I have to wear my glasses today. 
woke up too early today  beach later
@aravindkumar what are you guys doing today then? I thought I missed all the fun 
everyone is busy today 
I have nothing to do today   
Is feeling down today   redundancy it's a horrible thing
Leaving the beach and back to reality today 
on my way back to nyc today 
excellent sun and park - sadly too far from pembroke or gower to enjoy today 
Belly seriously not playing fair today  I should have regulated the food and coke intake yesterday, me thinks.. bah! 2.5hrs left! 
My head is killing me and I feel like I'm going to throw up, but I can't be sick!!! I'm moving today and then I'm coming back to work! 
sciatica has been giving me a bit more grief today 
@doughmesstic If I would have know about this sooner, I definitely would have tried. I don't believe I'll have the chance today 
@stratford83 No beer for me today! 
@mulder8scully5 no guessing for today 
Man i wanted to get off early today 
my dad is being very mean today 
So my boss just called me and we're not opening the pool today. I wish it wasn't so cold. 
@sutherncrazygrl  What's happening girl ? Why are you like this today ?
brothers birthday today!! lying in bed wishing i could still fall asleep but once I am up ...I can't 
Feeling as miserable as yesterday - I hate allergies.  I have to take my sister home today, so no doubt they are going to get worse. 
Dealing with pain today. 
@YorkshireTea I want a garden to sit in today 
Too cold to get in the pool today.    But at least we can still go Jeepin!!!
@eryx Not able to make baseball today 
Nothing exciting (to me) happened today 
@msheaff she followed me like 20 times today  SPAM!
praying up+downn that i get my new phone today 
Finished today's #geocaching! Only found 3 out of the planned 5 though! I reckon they're gone walkies 
feels unusually hungover today. 
has little patience today...she'd rather be outside than working 
internet's slow today... 
internet moving so sloooowwww today. 
@Wally0726 ummmm.  I'm not a tease. you're the one with an appointment, yet I cant get it today?  
I dont want to go to work or do anything in general today. 
 my dog i wanted got adopted today,
Cleaning gutters today 
i plan on doing nothing but sitting in bed and watching dawsons creek today. i don't feel very good 
I have sleepy eyes today 
I just saw the appointments for today and I want to cry 
i haz babysitting job today. 
@SwissTwist Honestly - right now I am not sure I am handling it too well! He had another outburst today - he is so angry  
my allergies are reallly acting up today 
its so hot today.. actually sunbathed but my legs are all patchy 
@Frixii I didn't had a chance to talk to you today 
Man, graduation's today. 
A little nauseous and a lot tired today. 
i can't stop sneezing enough to get anything done for aarons and mine anniversary today 
@ericalivoti  i know. i miss you shmookie. plese come today!
And t-mobile decided to fool with my service today...couldn't make any calls  all is fixed though
I havn't done anything today 
 i did not like the way i was awakened today
-  CSS is not being kind to me today 
@goddessgreeneye alright i will send you whatever they will let me, you will like it i promise! im all out of pineapple today 
was suposed to go to six flags today 
doing nothing today 
I want today to be worthless but unfortunately I can't afford that. 
Going to read today's papers, I completely forgot  Then hitting the hay!
is annoyed he could'nt go playboating today 
still bored always bored and my muscles are hurtin so proly no riding today 
@fountain1987 saw hollyoaks today couldn't bare to watch u dies so switched it off 
@tommcfly reply summin funny to me .. Make me smile I think o broke my toe today  xx
No basketball today 
has very unsexi shinpas tan lines from football today 
Almsot everyone I know are out on the lake today. Why am I not at the lake today too?! 
Nothing is going on as planned today    hopefully it gets better
hating the naptime battles today...2 hard on all of us! 
regrets not seeing him today 
i'm hungry; but i've had a hot dog today so technically i shouldn't eat again 
Feeling lazy today 
13 hour shift today. What a ball breaker. 
@loritodd - I know the feeling, today I have wine flu and I'm still working 
Just had a really expensive lunch. No tattoo for me today 
No up today 
Finished a 30 mile ride on the tandem today. Only 16.3 mph average speed. We've done better. 
today was so boring!!! wish i had a life 
Allegies have gotten to me today, feel like I can't breath 
the last remaining titanic survivor died today!!!! 
@abigaill are you feeling any better today? i know you were in a bad way yesterday after your surgery 
Last titanic survivor died today... 
is kinda sad today for some reason 
Aw looks like I missed all of @YoungQ 's fun today 
The zoo was fun today, but I miss the clouded leopards 
@smacky30 I have been doing more, and my knee was a little swollen, so I wasn't able to make it past the 3rd form today 
@lizettepayan haha that's true. So I tried tanning my legs today and they got burned 
I hit my first animal today  it was a little golden finch. I was sad.
The last titanic survivor died today 
Somewhat sleepy, I havent studies today 
shouldnt have took allergy medicine earlier today...now i feel really tired 
not feeling to good today lol stupid rye 
had an allergic reaction today.    maybe to oranges.  weird
had an allergic reaction today.    maybe to oranges.  weird
Playing poker, all different sites, running bad today so far 
daisy scratched me today.  
has a list of chores to get through today 
@jimcarlow You'll have to ask her... I'm worried it didn't go well as she left early then sort of blew him off today... 
Surrounded by big-wigs (PMs) today 
@alejandreska heeeeeeeeey  no news from you today!! miss ya!!  buuuuuuu
Almost adopted him today   http://twitpic.com/6djzz
now I have to go to work..  don't think I have to change nappies today though?
I have nothing to do today 
@DanicaPatrick that's looks like a blast and good race today had fun at the mile just missed getting your autogragh 
I'm not a happy Bram today. 
my dog died today 
I broke my prized possession today!! Not good at all 
Home in bed today cause the hubby gave me the flu 
messed up my foot today 
bad allergies today 
@wendykind Yes, I wanted to see them today but you didn't pick up   #wendydeniedvader
And, it's 2am... expect later today to suck more than originally planned.  
back to the grindstone for the same today 
almost got hit by a car today...so scared, it was partially my fault... 
I found 3 spiders in my bed today 
hello twitterland. i'm feeling old today 
no call today it seems 
I think my hangover decided to wait til today before it hit... 
classes start today 
Morning tweeters, I'm back to work today, no more west wing in bed 
I'm venturing out without a jacket today. I feel strange and vulnerable. 
missed gym today  packing for the bhutan trip
is all about the hayfever! M'eh! It's bad today! 
is a little bit depro today.. 
@PandaMayhem i did a lot today to joe  lol
boo back to work today, doesn't feel like I've been on holiday at all 
I missed my driving lesson today 
I'm even more ill today and the pneumatic drill has started up again. 
argh, I missed all the fun guys!! That's what I get for trying to be productive today. 
 my pendrive is broken...it feels that my stars are not good today.
mesh is not starting today 
Nothing to do today 
Going to the dentist today... 
Coughing up some interesting stuff today 
Why is nobody making tea today?  I'm cold and thirsty 
why am i in such a bad mood today/ 
excel-ling today .. 
@missy_jade p.s i dont know if ill be able to come to beyonce anymore  I got my car serviced today and it cleaned me out plus
@emmarossx i did :| a seen it today on my camera haah 
I'm only half-awake today. This being a holiday it would be ok. Except I have to work today ... 
my house is still in complete silence... today is so crap 
Car went in today *please don't be expensive* 
@Supergary9...you have to feel well! we want to go swimming today 
My mom's not feeling too good today  please keep her in your prayers today.
sweltering again today - still to burnt to sit out &amp; enjoy it 
@bangoria No, it probably fell  I'm only heading to work today at 2pm so I saw it on the news like everyone else
went go karting today,now im back is sore from the seats 
Like no one is tweeting today, this makes me sad 
I'm down with pollen alergy today 
damn,im getting a detention today... 
did pollen production go into overdrive today? I am suffering 
losing my private insurance today, I am trying really hard not to be angry about it, sometime life is just not fair 
losing my private insurance today, I am trying really hard not to be angry about it, sometimes life is just not fair 
Six flags today! Only thing is it's raining! 
Not sure how, but I forgot my phone today.. 
Sugar and spice come back from the trainer today.. no more doggie freedom 
is feeling a little sick today!  Hopefully the pill I took will make me feel better!
Foot really hurts today 
@strawp happened to be working there today. They say they could not obtain the print.. No longer available or something 
i have to turn my laptop in today   *tear*
Home today. Not feeling well. 
have a nervous tummy about checkout today.  
Not looking forward to itty getting her shots today 
Mhhh, wish today was a snowday 
Starting my new routine of walking/jogging today and already i'm regretting it. The kids are not with me on this. 
Something is missing today ... it just doesn't feel right 
no extreme makeover today 
just saw the preview for &quot;my sister's keeper&quot;...  i will not cry today. i will not cry today. i will not cry today...
@topdan Missed yr show today! 
@RachelSmiles7 On our way back.   But I still have today off. ;)
Reallllly tired today  the feeling of being graduated finally set in.
I'm definitely sick today. I hope I'm not sick for my birthday. 
Debating, tanning or running today?? maybe both. ahhh never enough time. 
Oh god, I left the print-out with my change notes for today at home. 
my hair is so heavy today, its giving me headache 
i have tried on i don't know a million outfits today and i can't find the right one. so today i am going to look like a mess at skool. 
maths exam today 
I have nothing to do today  i wanted this now its getting old
tiredness taking it's effect again... this red bull just ain't doing it today 
My new diet plan starts today! 
Actually, I am getting two shots today 
I got coffee on my shirt today 
Dressed and going to pay bills today 
feeling completely out of sorts. good food might help, but i don't have my bike today 
I need to pay my fine today!!! I sooo forgot about it 
I'm in a world of pain today 
today: wavves, phoenix, grizzly bear and some islands (for good measure). The fiery furnaces cd is not working 
@JennW21 sounds like something sad has happened.  will def add you in my prayers today!!!!!
is feeling sad and a little sick today 
freeeeeeeeeeeezing cold in the house today 
It is very hard to meet a deadline of today when the server is down 
had my injection today, my arm still aches! 
Feeling considerably better,wish i could have slept in today 
is feeling way to emotional today   Couldn't be happier that my hubby is coming home today!!!
I need motivation to get on the treadmill today.  I am SO not feeling it.  
@window argh. had I known something was going on today, I might've stayed longer. crashed hard yesterday eve &amp; didn't make it to party 
Looks like it's a lonely lunch for me today 
thinking about everything i have to do today 
Is not feeling bright and cheery today 
I think I totally failed the baking today... 
I've buggered my toes and my trousers with that fall today 
don't want to do anything today but i have to 
got my book today for people to sign  emotionalllllll lol
shoulders are increaingly red today 
Home with a sick one today......think he drank too much pool water yesterday 
working today 2-5 can't wait to meet up with the boss.... 
One of my students broke one of my nails today  It hurt soooooooo  bad!!!
mules after eating 8x today 
I got attackd in college today 
working at @CongressWaco---preparing to get my allergy shots today 
came to work today and forgot my keys 
went into a radar trap today  http://plurk.com/p/xpdwg
I don't know why but i feel quite lonely today even though I have people around me 
I have failed my maths today 
What a  joy , i get to start working today!!!! wooohooo 
fucking today blows 
I have to get a new phone today. 
No bangles today... Feeling kind of under dressed  http://twitpic.com/6evtg
very very sick today. pretty sure it's food poisoning 
going to court today to fight toll administrative fees  wish me luck
I still have that frustrated anxious feeling today. 
and wtf at the trending topics today. the lack of ontd is making me 
I'm not feeling well today still... about to go get in the bed 
just made the biggest mistake of my life today. I'm going to cry 
just got done taking three finals today so wiped well ive got more tomarow 
@deadeyelane again today?! siq bummer. 
dropped my phone in the pool today!! Not good... it wont turn on. 
Feels so fat today! 
is having trouble uploading photos to facebook today. 
I go back to the nasty today 
cut my other foot open, seriously? what's going on with me today? 
everyone is depressed today 
@jonthanjay hello how are you today ? i am was moved by your website i wish i could make you better  love sian x
@LilleMy71 not today   but the desk made me forget about the cleveage.
has to go to the dentist today. 
I got my rabbit put down today 
Couldn't get my phone today 
So sadd the studio postponed on me today!! I was really lookin forward to recordin some new joints today!!  I'm really disappointed!!!
@mayaREguru someone never called me today 
checking my emails, then taking a long hot bath. I don't feel to good today 
how can a plane just disappear? It's unbelievable, and I just flew today 
Wishing I was at my best friend's graduation today 
got a shot today. now i feel sick. 
I really don't give myself enough credit. In other news, ultra sound on my throat today. We'll see what they can do for me. 
F'UCK! i just remembered that we have assembly today. i hate assemblies. 
nerves are sooooo bad today...   
grrrrrrrrrrrrr...........too manny people are mad today!!! 
Shocking news about that disappearing plane today. What a way to go... 
@nomiunni everything I've seen today on this indicates no.  
@amberskyemartin you had the same shirt as me today  lol
@DavidAusejo it's def harder than managerial. lol. I actually have to read and study  but I'll let you know after today!
Is having no luck today 
had a dream I was going to die today 
@Mitabeach photos acquired. they had to quit early today so nothing structural demoed yet. they also covered my window 
@MusicFan1uk I think I'm too tired to make signs.  I'm being such a baby today. 
I am not my normally unflappable self today 
@tobi319 I wish but I'm actually in the office today, that's kind of frowned upon but ends up in the same result - me working late 
wonders what happened to today 
Serious headache today 
very much lacking motivation today 
slightly burnt on my shoulders but it is turning into a tan. today was fun today except for the blisters on both my big toes, they hurt 
i hurt my arm today 
@boycaught I know... I will... But that's just awfull...  I'll say some extra prayers today
Everyone's ignoring me today 
@MariieeAudrey It makes me sad we didn't get to see each other today. We share the same locker but it's sad when I don't see you often. 
Having so many problems with twitter today. 
@donodollars heyyy!	did u miss me today? cause i missed u 
Tired but happy to have had seen J today unfortunately there is no changing his mind about the military 
so mad she couldnt go to tumbling today because she has super loads of homeworkk 
@k0zm0zs0ul I am having issues today too!  I've lost my avatar so now I am faceless 
Diet started today. ONly computer games can keep my attention away from the hunger 
already 5pm and i feel like ive barely made a dent on what i wanted to accomplish today 
i was five cents short in my teller drawer today...sad 
what's wrong with me today? i socred 2 points in my own net 
my allergies are so bad today 
@dodadew gas station stole $2o from me today 
Idunno why, I'm in a really shit mood today 
haven't accomplished a lot today or even getting through my to-do list 
wow today just sucks...i want my boyfriend 
@essensu I was right next to your store today (doing a presentation at a local business) but didn't have time to stop in 
i made my first car payment today   the nightmare begins.
I was sooo close to not working out today.  I thin I'm going to drag myself to the gym right now though 
today was an epic fail for me.... im not happy with my life today 
this was my face today &gt; 
@adrianaloo your kids didn't call me today. 
is sad...my friend left for basic training today 
i love the final week madness at uni. i have to read a 10,000 word report &amp; provide recommendations based on the research by 4pm today 
burnt my arm a little cooking today... 
Sims 3 out today!! but i don't have it  
not looking good for #uxbookclub tonight. clients rather needy today  apologies if i don't make it @docbaty @dylanfm @SuzeIngram
Feeling a bit rough today 
@EllaCrain @analienrobot we just moved today and still have a lot to do... So i don't think i can make it tomorrow sorry 
@tyronevh 2 cold fronts today 
There are many IT news today. I have post on some forum but except Hkpug.org because their system still not fix on connection. 
new post! very simple outfit today, feeling a little uninspired  http://bit.ly/NBVlU
Covering another shop today  Just want to be off working on my chapter... x
Feeling empty today. Not being around the boy doesn't help either 
the scale hates me today,even more than usuall 
I don't want to leave the house at all today 
the connection is pretty bad right now..i sont know if i can watch lalola today 
poor my lap, it's so hot today 
the connection is pretty bad right now..i dont know if i can watch lalola today 
thinks it might rain today 
Too much sodas today I keep waking up 
I haven't even said anything today and I losing followers 
stuck in ridic traffic, today is so nice 
another midnight rose run: today, all red roses. 
getting massive loads of wine delivered today... not really looking forward to carrying them all down to the cellar  
Up way too early, but injured my hip... I guess no gym today.. 
might go do some paintings today, if i'm allowed. 
ive got a bad feeling about today, not sure why 
hating today and her life right now 
is sad she can't go to the gym again today 
hardcore revision today  no fun!
took my medical rpt today. results indicate high cholestrol 
In such a bad mood today... it sucks.. 
is actually going to play today..even if it involves paying off the card 
@alexgeek82 miss you too baby...i dont think it's going to come today 
what can i do today? I'm not showing face, but i've picked out a cute outfit... 
@alexjaynne dont borrow it ill burn it for you,din dins  tomrowo? sorry i didnt reply to email today i was training someone today 
my face is sneezy today 
birthday vives today.. 31 isn't sommin to shout about tho 
Ugh have to use my chocolate today 
just left  gym - sore today  
@mariakitano so far so good! Lots of meetings today... 
hairdressers @ half 3 today 
cerv cancer jab today  i hope i don't like pass out.
feels so sorry for all the people who fucked up their english exam today 
@beckie0 i know, I felt we didn't get enough time for the questions, especially section A  I proper flopped it today..
@tomywithrawcash We don't have a garden (sob) so will be cooking them on under the grill  Isn't it beautiful today! 
I don't feel well today  can somebody cure me?
@betsymartian i forgot to wear my top hat to work today though 
everyone's leaving today. ugh. 
blahh well the bus s really cold today and I don't have a jacket  haha and more people need to txt me!
Dads memorial service is today 
suffering with hayfever today 
I'm wearing flats today. Never thought I'd say this, but I miss my heels 
Finals today 
I just don't want to do anything today  
Home sick today....I hate being sick. 
Skipping out on taiji today cause my foot is swollen 
bring partents to the airport today 
has to go to the doctor today to be updated on all my shot 
I feel like such an earth-killer today 
Tryed to stay off the pollen meds today but failing 
I'm aiming to be super productive today. On another note, I think my pants are shrinking 
Doesn't look like my package is arriving today 
Interning! and dreading the dentist today... 
@tommcfly no tweet today?  x
My 17 yr. old she is leaving for basic training today... 
it's rainning really hard outside  no running today
@jedfitch I am feeling the geography strain today 
today is really sad. i love my teachers 
I'm guessing that oil is just going to go down today, so I will be 
off to handle business today  lol
Nothing is easy today. 
@toxicforest I know what you mean, I have spent today in a blind panic... 
Feeling blue again today. 
is needing some serious inspir-vision today!!  
I remember blocking so many kitty today, I wonder why she keeps coming back!! 
@Gracefaceyeah I've never had poprocks, do they taste nice? Where were you today, me and jade and meagan and kirsty were in drama like... 
@CertifiedStrike goodmorning. Awww no tacos for you today 
Early lunch today. Then I'm gonna get this homework. Year end report was dues yesterday... which means I finish it today...  more at 3.
gas went up 10 cents today 
Waiting for class wish I could golf today and watch E3 
i feel sad today...and i don't know why. I just want to feel happy again 
looks like i won't be getting a phone today 
@RyanSeacrest why did i not know about this? serves me right for not listening to ur show on the way to work today 
No one's texting me today.... This makes me sad. 
No fair! Why is everyone wearing a panda shirt today?! I want one 
It is cloudy and gray with no internet today!!!  
I feel worse today than i did yesterday  and now my throat hurts!
@bennzor haha I'm at the office today. I wonder why they didn't show the ratchet stuff. 
@GarveyBen I missed it    I saw the second episode today though!
no finish today 
only going to the dollar store, feel extremely ugly today 
TWITTERVILLE!! had to get it in today no tweets earlier! 
Definitely going jogging today. Too much hamburger helper 
wants to go swimming somewhere... didn't get to go today 
I had to go to the dentist today 
I went to a viewing today  It was so sad.  You know when people start crying so you want to cry? That was me today.  So sad.
Coming to the realization that no romper will fit me quite right  tried on the most beautiful one today at urban...
doc rivers was in my store today and i wasn't there 
I feel like I'm totally out of the twitter loop today 
Not much really i had to go to the dentist today  ~Watevr it is~
I guess I just didn't have anything to say today... 
hoping everything I worked so hard on today was not completely ruined.... 
i just wasnt feeling too &quot;twittery&quot; today so that why you didnt hear from me. sorry 
so much for actually sleeping early today  sigh.
I don't think I'm getting my laptop today 
@xIamDBx I'll pass! We never got a chance to feed the ducks today 
I'll go to the the dictor today I have somthing on my left arm 
So the sims 3 came out today...and i cant play it 
@taschu06 i wish i couldve talk to you today  miss you and love you
soree from conditioning today.  need to get in better shape.
@jaskamarie those are sold out too!! subt put them on sale early i checked today 
so much for being happy today 
i wish today ends soon.. 
finding it so hard to get out of bed today!!! need sleep 
@ashleenah_page chased that up today and none left in the country through us 
FACT: iTxt way too much today, my thumbs are cramping 
I've had to walk every where we go today! my body is killin me tonight! 
writn organisation production today! 
goooodmorning! starting from home today due to traffic and external appointments no train for me today 
I hope I don't move sets today but I bet I will 
i dont feel too good today 
tweeting at meeting number 2 out of 4 for today. I wish i were at #Tedxkl 
happy but exam today 
i was so happy yesterday, over the moon. today is a completely different story - my whole world came crashing down. i.hate.math 
On a stress! not looking forward to today at all!! 
didnt make any shots at ball today, so sad 
my folks are leaving today!! 
So much I need to do today, so little motivation,pretty sure I have some sort of flu too 
ankle is still swollen from yesterday insect bite, staying home today 
@xcaix I am suffering with hayfever today  dam you pollen!!
sigh feeling miserable today....... 
feels rabbash today  to watch all the jurassic parks i think!
is nervous bout today...  .. sigh.
I'm sooo bored,, English has to be the worse today..! Not feeling so good too  x
lol i fucked up some banquet invitations today 
why am i so nervous about my lesson today? i feel sick 
today? today fails. in every fucking way. i just want it to be over, like, soon.    i think bed might be the solution to that.
Hey me to i have no car today 
My hayfever will kill me today I think. 
@MrsKerryKatona feeling really crap today.... 
It doesn`t look like it will happen today...... 
@deadtinkerbell I want to run  Hopefully the doc will have my orthotics today.
Finals are today 
i have so much work today, what has happened, where has it all come from?! scared that my tan is going to peel. it's just so beautiful 
my mums away to barcelona today. lucky her! i need a holiday! seriously!! 
lost all my docs from backup today 
@emrldsky I wish the oasis was open   I should get food, I need to be on my game today.
Suffering from hayfever today 
here we go! algebra down. spanish,science, and keyboarding today. 
A bit ill and not feeling so well. Going to take it easy so today and lay low 
I need a poem for my group today.  So far, ideas=0. 
Ugh, i can't stop sneezing, i wonder what the pollen levels are like today 
Pretty cold today :| well i think lol art on fridayy 
just washed the car, it's not sunny today 
Fighting a migraine - was supposed to visit w/ a friend today, but I don't think that's going to happen.  
@Rocks4Ever i bet  my reflexes are normally crap, luckily today they werent. Another inch and i would've been under it
#chaser they didn't have a musical today 
Feeling kind of bummed out today 
Jacobs not getting out today... 
I wana sunbathe but it's not as hot today boo 
Ugh... My computer is sooooooooooooooooooo slow today... 
I seem to have the lurgy today 
Is totally not fond of commuting ...not happy about being back to work today either 
noooo french final test today and i didnt study yesterday! 
@shauna_tobin i'd rather chop all my appendages off than go to work today. Fuckkkk. 
No practice today, thanks weather 
@hannuhhem awhhh your not here in foods today 
no extreme makeover today 
One has an upset tummy today 
I hate my outfit today 
wasn't it supposed to rain or something today? too hard to veg or roll over back to sleep when it's so evidently nice outside 
Stock market kicking my butt today. I can't watch... 
@youngq my daughter turned 15 today...feeling old 
I did not do anything new today 
I'm so sad, today my babies graduate  they grow up so fast! haha
I seriously want to call in today, I need a break... But no, I can't 
I am sad today  hate change
I am feeling no love today.  
Finally finished doig all the things that *weren't* scheduled for today 
Working FTCAP at Skook...and it's raining.  no walk for me today. http://myloc.me/2tdr
 i no feels good today
Ugh... grumpy today... think allergies are buggin me 
@selenagomez i think this is my 8th update about you today and still got nothing... 
running around to do today...good bye gas 
Starting today off the wrong way  sick
@Asheyna see my last comment over @protagonize -- won't have a chance to investigate until a bit later today 
My ears ache today 
not looking forward to my math final today.. 
Practicing for my lessons today 
My lovely dress arrived today, but it's too tight on the top &amp; too big on the bottom 
working 11 - 4 today.  at least i have a job
Stomach a little weird today.  maybe stress?? Who knows
I have so much to do today. But i really dont want to get up yet. 
holy shiz my math review was due today 
just woke up. we got paid today and i am broke  need moneyz...
@MarcJos in the same mood today 
wishing i never went on the woods today :'( 
We tried to rescue kittens today. Failure. 
I feel sad for all my coworkers that got laid off today and pray they will all be ok  (via #zenjar )
Only three classes teach today but I'm still so tired, that might be three too many 
hey ppl today was the Jobro live chat and again they didnt answer any of my Q..  i'm so sad but still love them
I got a rash today 
still can't believe people left their yearbook behind today at the benches. 
@dlnorman I took the car today 
Painting the fence won over writing today 
Not a great workout today 
I think I made a mistaking by not visiting @cjjc today. 
I am seriously depressed that we could get a from the couch episode out today 
Does not want to do his math final today 
I ended up having a bagel.  It was gross but I ate it.  I should go running today, but I really don't feel like it 
Has had the route closed on him today. Being bused to ventura ca 
Too rainy to stop in Gettyburg today.  maybe on our way back south.
@hklq42 So you'll be on the island today, but I won't see you? 
network problems today... 
I have to go to the dentist today.!  That is torture!
i know, all i asked was if she could drive me somewhere today. then, she got pissed off and now i don't have a phone 
coffee is not working for me today  whyyyyy?
Has so much to do today but I am laying in bed watching E! 
no one's been twattering today. 
I'm feeling a bit better today than yesterday but i'm still sore  x
I can't catch a break today! 
@oneAnthem I know..right!! I just paid my rent earlier today. 
mousy no worky well today 
The sky is so beautiful today! I hate being stuck here 
@RobMcNealy In the early 1800s, most Americans could read! Stats much lower today 
sold my van today and it made me really sad 
No bagel breaks with @megwong today 
saw night at the museum 2 today, made me lol. nooooow need a break and turning depressed by memories  errrrggh 
@sfrancism your wow account expired today. 
So much negative response today. I'm so over it, I'm ready to go home. 
Missed out on most Twittereers today.. was playing golf of all things.. well attempting to anyway!! 
I'm a little blue today and will broadcast very little; sorry on advantage 
is up again early with the kids, i wouldn't mind so much but i am still sick. I'm feeling pretty cruddy today 
www.thedeuxluxe.com see my floral arrangement...I was so tired...not the most interesting post today 
its cold today  sad times
I'm honestly losing my mind today  yikes
My head got burnt today 
So... My car ISN'T ready today. 
Darm it I forgot to get a dounut today! 
@genreeceway there was a kid in the restaraunt today who looked like you.. it made me sad 
@Szenn7 I know just what you mean. I've felt really odd for the rest of today ever since 
failed at food today 
Pretty sure I  failed my civics and economics eoc final today 
dress arrived today, husband doesn't like it 
Hey now  your just full of sass today.
This is utterly fucking ridiculous  I have made 5 dollars today 
my pet rock died today 
No D&amp;D today, no lunch or b-fast today. What else is not going to happen? 
i stepped on poop today 
@itsaboutEmily yeah It could be  I don't know why I'm not a creative person today 
I am going to bed in a bit. I am shattered today 
i didnt study anything today 
sucked to many lollipops today...can't suck anymore. 
ventured out, did far too much today = regret.  
is burnt from laying out today  relaxing and waiting for my love to arrive!
one of my toddlers turned three today - moving downstairs - sad 
my frosh graduated today.   and 
I need to drink more fluids, the nurse yelled at me today and told me if I didn't I had to go back to the hospoital  
i in the class...today is holiday.. 
bad mood today 
damn. i guess my horoscope for today was wrong 
owwww it hurts...messed up my leg earlier today, it hurts to walk. 
bummed that i didn't get my puppy today 
all plans cancelled today. Nenek hospitalised 
headachhee &amp;| i quess i stress my self out today 
No beers today 
sprained my ankle today 
@juicystar007 awww, therefore no video for today ?  not going to show us your shoes!!!
I need to do yoga today 
Wait... So apparently my professor died today??? 
I've eaten so much sugar today. I hate these cravings 
didnt go to the movies today 
will be in uni although today is a public holiday! 
@KateDaguer well today i had some problems i really had to stay here..is rupert there too?..miss u 
Only made 48 dollars today ... 
lost my job today 
just got 2 shots from the doctor today  One on each arm!
@IamCRod I didn't see u at practice today 
@j0sephyu today was very discouraging.  flint is discouraging. i am discouraged. you can miss them on your own  .
@ceetee Seriously, I had expected rains today and that was the reason, I didn't bike to office today  . Whats your plan for the evening?
exhausted.....felt like I did a lot today, yet don't feel like I accomplished much 
I spent too much money today! 
@wazupstl @MrTeagan is getting gaybashed today by everyone. 
ugh today is one great big drip. 
my legs are killing me today 
is working today on a public holiday 
Off to suffolk today however a big surprise will happen to my boyfreind and not sure he will like it or his sister but I had no choice! 
today really is a torture.. 
My cricket match today doesn't look hopeful 
going to primrose vally today its just a shame it raining 
@PinkTrees: hey, it's been alright, very cold though  .. i sent your package out today 
Just woke up.... really have to clean my room today 
I felt so domesticated today washing duanes uniforms. I kinda liked it. Haha. I miss him 
If off to the dentist today 
@Calimuffin It had a virus.  But got it fixed today! =D
Ugh... My computer is sooooooooooooooooooo slow today... 
mannn i cbf going horsey riding today  i think i've forgot how to do it :L
@sophiebrady8 yeah i'm feeling that way today!!! man.... 
Morning Sunshines! Who has sun today? It's gray here  Just cos I aint workin' til 4.
Not a very happy birthday today 
feeling really ill today  Just want to crawl back into bed....not a chance.
Getting ready to go to a family wedding today - hope it stops raining 
i ate turkey today i swear but not a leg 
looking rather grey outside today 
food writing course finished today.        
I'm starving! and I have to non-stop revise today 
Its freezing today! 
rob longstaff moved around the market to another spot. i am a sad girl today. 
I just don't make sense today.. 
None of my friends are online. L4D is boring today 
stopped smoking today i wonder how long it will take before i take it out on some one 
Not doin anything today  bored to death
i've nothing to do today  what to do? what to do?
i want to wear shorts today but i think its too cold 
it's still raining... no chance to go to the playground today ... 
doesn't look like the blackberry is coming today  no new toy for me to play with!
My mood for today has been ruined 
SATs today 
so bored...the store is empty today 
got practice today sadly  x
@miss_x_ It kind of went wrong for him today didn't it. 
Its still raining  doesn't look like its going to change today!
basketballl 10-12. who knows afterr.today would be a good cedar point dayyy 
myer sale was a smidge dissapointing today... 
Working with my mum today..it's raining 
i hit a bird with my truck on the way to work today 
allergies SO bad today 
feeling ill today 
Finding it hard to get my brain into gear today... but I have so much to do 
.. no motivation today 
Vaninha, I'm in angel today and our favourite cafe has shut down 
I don't feel like making a post today.. 
my beautiful flew away today 
I got yelled at for being awake today 
@BloodBlonde94 it was cold here today  like 50 degrees 
@Rmalany I actually started a discussion yesterday nut I don't think it emailed everyone.  I'm going to look at it today.
Working my life away today...actually I'm only working till 4 so not really but I was trying to be dramatic...I failed. 
feeling sick today 
not wanting to take the little trip today by myself. 
trying to get motivated to clean my house today 
matt's graduation ceremony is today and i feel like i'm going to throw up.   
is up // eating pocky // taking a survey on myspace // no plans today  // movies tomorrow ?
another lacrosse game today...lost 10-1 yesterday 
wants to try to get really tan today but it's cloudy and cold outside as of now 
Aww, today I got my first drive-by catcall! I wish I knew what they had said 
@lexylove @turrislove09 i have bad news. i cant make it down today  the bus ticket is like a hundred bucks!! and i cant afford it
I'm so lazy today  I should have read some paper ... but I haven't at all
Going over to allisons today. not doing anything now 
so glad i didn't have to work today. tummy isn't happy. 
Getting ready to watch the parade today...but it's so windy out 
I took a shower i feel human again. Instead of sleeping today i have to babysit 
 Sure fail today's paper.
totally bummed! no softball for me today. still in bed w/ a good deal of abdominal pain 
no to work today. i need coffee 
Going to do some yardwork today. 
With a trainee today so no twitter for me 
baseball game today.... 
@NatalieLum Me+soontobecaffiene=half alive. wish you could come today. 
I have the worst headache today. It just won't stop. 
hating my hair today.. cut not as good as I wanted. 
Graduation today and my best friend, @malFrench, won't even be there 
I feel fat and gross! At least it's my sisters graduation today. I broke my mp3 player yesterday. 
The boy's (FOIR) match today: we lost! 21 - 26 He scored one try though... 
@myinnersexygirl sorry i missed you earliier today 
Still voiceless.....feeling worse today 
Not a happy bunny today 
can't believe what I've heard today, really shows you life is short and is for living 
leaving Mars today. I'll miss the puppy 
going to wrk in a bit..pretty dreary out today..and cold 
Working today,  it's raining so I can't even go for a walk
is missing pilates today 
Shoot cancelled today 
my internet is really failing today 
Appliances didn't come today  I really wanted to cook something! #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly
@mechaganon sorry it's raining on your party today 
Where is everyone? No one seems to be answering their phone today 
cleaning.. dholki at my house today 
nothing to do today 
deciding what I should do today, but I'm getting sick 
I seriously messed up my knee last night  no P90X for me today... shucks. On another note, I need to find a pool to rock today...
just not in the best of moods today....i seem to be a little bummed out 
I didn't get to have my yard sale today.  http://bit.ly/MCHDu
(  got the sad news today while up the field on coaching session that my granny has passed away  she's at peace at last
there was a funeral today. there shouldn't have been, but there was. sigh  rest in peace my friend.
no one wants to follow me, i only got it today  im exciting and insighting
Ive seen 2 dead animals today. 
@SpringWestEnd Do you know which issue aneurin is in as i looked today and he isnt in it 
@Vanitykult it sucks that spectrum was cancelled. i was planning on heading down there today 
Lecture is so boring today  and my lower back hurts!
Graduation is today. I have to work until 3  what was i thinking?
feels weird today 
i'm not feeling very well today...pity me 
There is nothing to do today. 
@viver211 awh i'm going to my cousins with lizeth today i was hoping to hang out with you as well but you work 
is getting two sickly foster kittens today. I hate it when they're sick 
is going to her sister's for lunch today =] and then accounting it is. i feel pretty sick  i hope i dont have a fever ='[
@JerineYvonne i dnt think ill be able to mk it; sabrinas bby shower is today .. 
@therealsavannah How was the chat?? I don't see today. 
missing my hubby today........... 
@SongzYuuup you betta be in a comma...you have been pretty quiet today... 
I can't play voleyball today!!  I have to go to the doctor
wish i were in on buying olympic tickets today 
I'm selling my bug today 
:S received two speedingtickets today  A sad new record
boored...there is nothing going on today 
@TheRealMadison so come upstairs and practice soon, maybe not today, u'd have to ask Ceez if he can play, he's sick 
so much to do today, and i dont look forward to do any of it  someone bring out a good plan!
I ripped my favorite pair of jeans today 
@pipsytip its 4:30 pm and I have done nothing today.  
Why does today have to be so beautiful out, and I locked in a small walk-in coffin, allowed only to gaze out at the more fortunate? 
Just got up from a little nap. Not feeling well today. 
So R got disqualified from our tiny towns baby contest today because he had on @rumparooz #clothdiapers rules white shirt + diap 
where are all my friends today? 
@PrimaiBlog126 because I can't see my crush today  lol
man, I really wish I could get out of here today. 
@peopleyouhate The problem with that is some of our employees had trouble getting here today... 
Why didn't I make pie today? I really meant to but it didn't happen. 
feeling better today but got @JiSm89 sick 
I have a dentist appointment today for an extraction. At 3pm, not looking forward to it. 
@fudgecrumpet you're v grumpy today 
Holy Moses! I burnt my back so bad today  silly me assuming I would wear my jacket today!
So sleepy. No car show today 
five parties today...i'm sooooo tired, i can't do this anymore! two more 
no one is here today 
on the phone with jenny... she went to ucsd today without me 
hoping i can see lizzy again today.. probably not though 
My body is too tired to party today   I might just be making a cameo today...
no triple crown today... 
So hungry.  should have eaten today.
Is going to watch movies today...it is raining 
i have been sneezing a lot today 
has watched saw 5 today and it scared me  and i really want busted back :[
have you heard about the grossest thing that's happened to me? well it happened again today 
Where did that come from, healthy and happy yesterday, throat burning and almost completely unable to talk today 
@coaxial nice! we had snow today 
I was tricked into eating deer today.. 
livejournal seems dead today. 
A seal was swimming around us today...looking for the other 2 that unfortunately were already dead 
report cards came today.  james &amp; spanish didnt do so well.  praying he makes the decision to retake it next year. &amp; not give up. 
broke my phone today 
my grandparents are leaving today. 
Put a new background up here, too cute. I seriously think there's something wrong with me. So damned tired today. 
@KalebNation HEY! what won stuff today? i missed it 
I lost my wallet at #buschgardens today. 
Feeling really bad today.  ugh, I hate being sick!!
I dont think my blacks match today 
@xkillhillah nothing was going right for me today! 
@jackieLsoreal i thought the new season for sorealcrutv started today... maybe not... i was lookin' forward to it 
Oh internet, you are so dead today 
i just got back from one of my 3 parties today.....i got sooooo sunburned. and it hurts!!! 
What is wrong with penguins today! 
@BlakeLewis I met you today!! I wish I could have seen you perform 
@johncmayer totally disappointed  you didn't post any pics today....
@TrishAnger  I forgot to bring the recycling in today  
i had two ticks on me today. ewieeee 
Treked along 8 states today! I am sad I am missing disembodied tonight. 
I don't like my Twitterscope today. It told me something I already know, but refuse to acknowledge 
No one would run with me today  
I ate way too much today! 
@LAMFB fricken tri lost today   but they still fine as hell son
Giants lost today 
@BlakeDodge yay i bought 2 lime green and black polka dotted fish today they obviously dont really like people  and they wont eat 
was gona blaze it up today but ended up not being allowed to go out 
my ONE bracelet broke today 
It was good to get out and about today. But it's getting colder  as long as it rains.. .. then im happy haha
i had fun with my sisters today... i miss them already 
Surfing was awesome today....I was sad to have my hair cut off though 
@BaBy_BOi i didn't get my phone  n today was pitiful
I've dropped my phone twice today! 
back to work today  my back still sucks, but what can you do? retarded for life.
@itsrachelj hhah chase!! I love her to bits and pieces!! I got off at 7 today 
No more grated radish... that made me sick today 
It's not sunny outside today... it's cold. 
still havent done any homeworks.. damn i feel lazy today 
Computer, why do you fail today? 
@that_kelly_girl yay! Just getting no @replies today 
@fallenstar_ hannanananana i want an add, you said you'd write one today 
@andypandy088 Have to work today... makes things even worse. 
@alexxme LOL now you see it! hahahah. isn't it so sad?! they found two bodies today... tragic 
F'kin household today 
so, no lunch for today, and i officially lost the digicam 
I went to the flee market today. And them partyed all night till my parents told me to get inside 
awake and bored. no plans today at all 
I overheard them talking about me having another shot today.  I hate needles.
can't make it to #bcc3 today  have to prepare trip to madrid...
just had a nice fry up and is going to make herself revise today 
European elections: well, there is no queue today 
On a jungle flex today, too many sick sets, not enough time 
argh... it hailing and I have to ride my bike to work today 
Lemeeesss to the maaxxx..my blood pressure is 80/50 today! Huhuhuuh.. 
Morning all... turned out sunny... i'm off sick today, not feeling too hot 
is no longer going to the cinema today 
absolutely no idea what to do today... 
really cant be bothered for revision today  feeling terribly ill! Apprentic final and big brother eviciton tonight though 
Is going to lose one of his favorite patients today. 
need to do schoolwork today 
back from hyd, missed my run today 
why am i like this today. i get pissed easily. i hate this feeling!! 
Waiting for a bus to go to rehearsal. Really not in the mood today bleahhh 
Not sure if I am going to get to church today, little girl is running a fever 
Is bored as no cricket today 
back frm hospital! sleepover there again today 
unfortunately have to give #oxfordgeekjam a miss today  - to many other commitments and I have to progress my iPhone development adventure
My internet is being a devil today 
sad i didn't get to go today. but seriously, everytime i cough it hurts my lungs 
reallllyyyyy wish i didn't have to go to work today. 
looking forward to seeing my brother today but not revising agriculture 
I just love this town but I wish I came for the right reasons today 
my lovely seniors graduate today 
@dougsleeping aw sad, now I can't drunk dial you from the pool today 
No police cars today. Boring 
fukk i have to brush out her curl 'fro today... not looking forward to that 
is still phoneless  hopefully, changes today.
dawn's graduating today 
mass in the grass and parish picnic today!!! but possibly work 3-8 
is taking my pug back today... 
might go to the waterpark today but its not really looking like it  
Is live on cfxrnetradio.com, got a few gremlins in the studio today 
heading to the airport.. @CAMMYLOVE i cant believe your leaving today 
back is in total bits today :\ can barely move  why why why
Looks like we can't go to the fair today  It's still raining here!
Someone give me a jumpstart!!! I can NOT get going today 
Fishing today I think but do I really need to put the worm on 
@jonnyrockkills oh i havent had any exciting snacks today ! 
allergies are really bad today  for some reason their affecting my eyes today. why do they pick and choose?
very frustrated  there's nothing to do today- any help?
@tommcfly I can't go to the show today because I'm in another city. I'm very sad 
Family leaving today  sadness
is feeling ill today 
Despite trying to move around as little as possible yesterday, I appear to have overdone it. I am in quite a bit of pain today. 
i WILL go to the gym today...and then go to work 
Man i am still tired. I dont want to work today. 
trying to wrangle everyone to go to brunch... graduation today.  
Feeling the need for some serious paragliding therapy.  Sadly there is none to be had today.  
I really feel blah today. Could crawl back into bed and just sleep. I bet my kids gave me their cold.... 
@jkaprox i wanted to go.  but i have my cousin's graduation today.
Is not in the mood for people today 
Reviewin missy`s party while relizing I have nothin to do today 
Morning twits, had to miss church today 
@tommcfly: I want to go today to the concert  i love mcfly
The plan was to go to a awards reception for the photography club...now I'm not so sure what I'm doing today.... 
should have done a shift today... that would have been fun 
Letting out a long OHHHHHHHHHHH, I dont feel like getting dressed today 
Just dropped our pooopy to the vet..he loses his manhood today 
In laws are leaving today  
Lovely evening, really wish I had the energy to go for a long walk  just shattered today...
i dont feel well today 
@triforce89 ...today.  I went with coffee.
@Fzuwawa i'm sooo jealous! I would love to be out at the pool today. Sadface 
We were going to go swimming today, but it's cloudy outside! 
i have to make a decision...its not a nice one but has to be done. i feel sad today and wish it would rain again to match my mood 
recession is taking the toll on me...i had just one meal today! 
wow. i get to do nothing again today. woo. 
having TOO much fun on my girls only weekend= not feeling well today 
I def. need a miracle today 
Graduation today  i hope i dont cry
@taste_eternity jealoussssss. I wish I was going back today 
@LoveMaryBaxter i didnt get it  i need to start qoin back...kiiksz is doin my hair today
no duck bus today 
nothing special today 
i am having 3 FMLS today hate that 
I had really wanted 2 go 2 ink and iron today but I don't have a ride 
I'm disappointed with myself...didn't realize that child dedications were today 
taking care of a very sick kitty today 
I sliced my finger open earlier today and now i'm Cleaning my room. It hurts, 
ugh, i cant do nothing today 
Reading today about content analysis and technological rhetoric, and then out to the pool with the kid to...to...read some more 
No ball in the park today  instead off to a dealership
trying to breathe.......its really difficult today.  people will never change and i cant expect him to want to work on us with me 
super headache today  double-whammy hangover I guess. cleaning and lounging today. maybe go for a walk later!
No makeup today! I'm going to be crying far too much 
Too many dishes to do today 
dear shin splints: thank you for never going away.  no running today. 
Fighting with you was not what I had in my mind for today 
fasting today, totally forgot and ate a cheeto! i feel like a horriible person! 
@Xanthetwirls hope its better today. I take migraines and they are pretty awful  hugs
damn phone. had i gotten that message yesterday i could have been at the dodgers game today  (kid just called)
might sew cosplay today, might not. AE is too close, I prolly won't finish if I start now. 
wish i could have voted for the european parliament today 
I shouldn't be in a bad today, but I am  help me plan my trip kthanksbai.
I wish i had got that awesome hat in primark today. 
I'm going to miss @kaylafacee today 
No luck shopping again today 
We lost today  1-3 a triple n walk
Not one appointment made today yet  somebody hire me
there's nothing to do today 
not getting a cat today. really super sad about it. 
i've heard so many songs about love today... makes me sad 
just woke up from a nap and feeling pretty bad today!!! i need all the support i can get from my girls!!! 
I knew it! I only got the sims 3 today and already spent far too much time on it. 
HEADACHES SUCK!!! Especially when you can't them to go away, and damn it...all the motivation I had for today went out the window 
Wish she knew why she felt so light headed today???  not nice feeling!
No tanning today sad. 
i have to do altar service today 
At least I saw my friend today. I didn't even talk to him. Only waved. I feel bad.. 
@yaymelissa i totally wanted to go watch the hangover today with you 
i took a few zzz's today now i cant sleep 
a no go for my healthy cookies today  but you Bitches are still eating them
@jazminerenee unfortunately i do miss my ex  wtf happened with you today?
back from the cottage and really tiredd .. plus it was raining today 
@khindraharper it was so good to see you and makayla today! I really really really really really miss y'all.   *sigh*
niice out today to do nothing 
@Jnicks is it packed? It rained here today  ughhh... but the casino is poppin ; )
working today...even though its a public holiday 
@profbat I know the feeling. I wish I got a chance to do that today, though. 
@boxofchocolates great job on the 5k today, to bad you can't find your official results 
@vikkiprattles My brain is not working today 
had a panic attack today.  and feels like she is going to be yelled at and possibly murdered.  
@gusano82 unfortunately, I may have screwed up my 'big' run for today   I have no self control sometimes.
thinking i might've spent too much time outside today...feeling horrible now and I think something is irritating my skin 
@tommcfly stars war marathon had to be today right? that would cheer you up 
I miss her a lot today.  I could text her...but i just won't.  Won't.  
@Broadways_Best How many questions do I have to answer first before I win today? 
Just got the worst call some1 could ever get, my uncle lost his battle of cancer today 
why i lose my followers????? not in the mood today 
I feel like no one wants to talk to me today 
seems today will not go as i wanted 
got a little too much vitamin D today now I am feeling the consequences of not wearing any sunscreen 
played awful today and i have blisters on my thumbs 
i'm not going to sleep today as i can now see the light so ...... 
I did a bad thing today  I couldn't contain myself
woke up much too early  i'll be so zombie today, mmhm
has had an interview today with a company who kills animals for luxury.  http://plurk.com/p/10znkq
I would love to stay with my family today but they are too far away 
really doesn't want to go to orientation today 
I am working on a legal register today - what fun! 
@ily_lambert I tired to make a video today and she wouldn't do it!!! 
back to work today; missing my baby 
Really not wanting to go to work today - soooo much uncertainty about so many diffeent things 
my childhoodbuddy's dad passed away today. alfatihah. 
college results today.... so nervous 
@msmcporkchop: not much, been trying to clean my house today, but haven't gotten much done  .. going to attempt another pouch tonight 
not very sunny today  however, going on a bike ride at 9, but for now: shower and hoovering :/
resigned to the fact that my room will not be cleaned today 
Home with a feverish kid today...  
my horoscope sayz to shut my mouth for today  aw.
@ayankdahlia I wish I could have some fun today.. 
@kanika1386 I m fasing today so imagine my plight ;(   @viveksingh
Really not in the mood to do any jobs today 
i am just fucked up... today is my 5th wedding anniversary. I know, because my wife just reminded me of 
I can't upload a pic again  . but i am going on an airplane today =] =]
watched a scary movie today and now i cant sleep! 
poor mezzle got her barces on today  love her
@zuccs yes, due to the fact i didnt even get to eat lunch today 
One hour of study left for today... ahhh getting so tired and sore from it 
doesn't want college today 
@WahooPooh hello! I cleaned our bathroom today  it was awful...
i burnt my tongue in hot chocolate today.... it still burns 
Oh goody, needle today 
twice today I have received messages from him that are supposed to stop me from feeling bad about my health...but it doesn't last long 
finals today. ahh help 
No blur today 
I kind of actually wish I was working today...I'm bored and sickeningly poor and nobody is around to play with! 
got killed today in class so sore!!!!!!!! 
dentists, grrr poo to you all. my award wining smile has taken a blow today 
Still feeling down in the dumps today 
so there is a strike going on at the campus today they really know how to protest here....but we had to go to class any way today 
Not feeling to peachy today! Cocktails are evilllll! lol! 
i dont think i did to well in my interview today 
hope it doesnt thunder today but its meant 2 
has nothing to do  might have to be pride and prejudice marathon today
IS waiting for this silly class to start...everyone else is off today 
I reaaally don't want to take this marketing exam today... 
i'm thinking about how great i look today! it's like the spotlight blinds me...cant escape it 
why hasn't my @jonasbrothers album come yet!! its out today here and i pre-ordered it!! 
@jiminthemorning Not many Tweets from you today 
sooo mad that i have to work today and miss the big parade! 
@JoJolike i need to phone you today 
needs to go into town today 
has got zero get up and go today 
Weathers a bit grey today 
i just woke up. it doesnt look very sunny today 
@TayUSA she should better learn that spent too much time here... i was late today because of traffic jam 
Plenty of sport today, u21s footy, cricket, actually that's it today isn't it! 
internet slowly today. 
10123 website directory submissons to approve today. Not exactly fun 
feels guilty about missing kendo today 
lunch was uninspiring and unfilling today... 
has to get back on the road today 
i saw my first fish fly today 
need to do some shopping today.. no food left. 
crossed the line and got baby really mad today 
audit today 
@beatthegmat took my 2nd practice MGMAT cat today  my V 29 Q41) overall 560..the first MGMAT (V33 Q34) 560....what is going on?
Yesterdays stiff neck is even worse today. Wtffffff? 
Wow it's quite today, no phone calls, no Emails, no nothing!  I'm lonely! 
really feel like tweeting today..lol.....really missing those low gas prices 
i think i'm over tweeting today  just because of my mood i think?!
I have no idea what to eat today 
feeling proper down today  not a usual feeling for me, hmmm
dentist appt. today 
not a good run today 
@MikeG1 Haha, brilliant, that makes me feel much better! Not getting *anywhere* today 
i feel really paranoid today. about everything. not good 
nothing interesting today ! i'm just met the f****n teachers 
my tummy is bad today 
Tired and have a headache today 
Works 9 to 6 today 
really upset that I forgot my headphones today... 
Possibly sushiiii with maddie today. No ones here to poke me in the face in the morning to wake me up 
I have the worst heartburn ever, feels like i'm dying today! 
I wont forget today .... 
@emilyoftexas I'm sorry.    But you learned about a new place today!
is not looking forward to results today .. bring on 5pm (or later) 
needs lunch. Or somebody's going to get aggy. @JackAWarren saw you again today! But you'd already walked past my parking space 
character spot today 
today i brought my first bikini, ever!!! .... hate it 
i have to go to the doctor today  mehhhhh. i want pizza.
Doing the quarterly tax returns to mail out checks later today.  
ouch! massive papercut!!  i have lost far too much blood today!
started weight watchers again today...i really need some encouragement. 
two finals today on my worst subjects  wish me luck
is sad LVATT didnt come today 
is a miserable sod today 
today is making me violent 
Wow ... It would been 10 mouths today ... 
@brenobrien I peeked in earlier today but nobody was there  looks good!!!!
has had enough today... why does everything have to be so complicated? 
today i wore hilary's rolling stone t-shirt that she gave me - missing her! 
Kids are driving me mad today 
Nvm my sandwich was not delicious at all...  and I still don't know what to do with myself today
hungry! too much typing today, and it is only 12. 
@roxiebeane aww, you must be busy today.  I see no tweets from you!  
feel even worst today  staying in bed and watching gilmore girls
internet is slow on me today likes 
feeling real moody today 
sore arm from crash is slowing me down today 
I'm sad today  &amp; when I get home my cheer will not even be there! 
is feeling sickie today  not good...
stop raining today! 
i really dont want to work today. 
Moms got surgury today.  
My heart is hurting today.... I hate goodbyes!!  
forgot dessert today. 
woke up late today and hating it!!! 
Aching lots today  damn that mountain!
Restless as all get up today. I don't know what my issue is 
started training my replacement today  
there is no news at the apex today 
My throat is annoyingly sore today. 
I'm sad, it seems as though hardly anyone is tweeting today 
i started making bracelets, but i have no creative inspiration today 
I'm so sad.....biggie is getting surgery today 
hoem today. sad to leave the lake. 
@ThisisDavina feeling a little flat today need cheering up 
@solitaireclay07 It does! Normally I make quick trips and I know exactly what I want... but today I'm going to have to wander. It sucks. 
bored out of my head  wanting it soo bad...need to go running today
i should have received my headphones today  ...
Proper thundering today at one point it sounded like a bomb had gone off 
@muddybootsblog teehee! Sucks that it's rainy today. I can't go outside and play with it. 
Should prob run twice today  balls
no one is on twitter much today 
Looks like I'm bumming it today.   
@BryanKDawson i am soooo jealous of you. it's rainy and gross out today and a smoothie like that would make everything all better! 
I just don't feel good today  but I'm going camera shopping which is amazing
I'm really really really hoping the bike shop calls me today... probably won't until wednesday though 
i wish i didn't have to work today... i want a nap 
I'm so tired today, don't feel like doing anything at all 
Only one new follower today. 
@ayamem tell me about it  i never ever get allergies but today they're in overdrive! uuuuuugh!
@valeriefelicity i'm really sorry about ruining our plans today, v 
i got spacers today....they hurt 
has to clean house today. not fun 
My turn to play hunt the missing wallet today 
Not feeling the love today 
they took my baby today... 
@HellenBach - so lucky - I did pot noodle for lunch today 
i'm very grumpy today  my SiL is getting on my last nerve....
feeling a little sick today 
Today is dragging and I suck @ my job for some reason today  I want it to be over!
head is so not into writing today 
I've had to run my 30&quot; monitor at 800x600 resolution today, I feel so ashamed 
Horrible argument with Mods today 
no workk! saying goodbye to bestfriend today. 
....today couldn't be worse, everything aches, feeling sooooo feeble 
missed @kellyurich 's show today...  What was the ODCSOTD???
nobody is twittering today 
Meeting resistance from all angles today 
@bubblythoughts Think the kittens will get picked up today  they are SO adorable. I should put a pick up on here for you
still waiting to see if mt car will be fixed today 
I guess no pool today...  http://twitpic.com/7i02q
  --- is our response to what happened today. and that is all.
I forgot to bring my jacket today and now I have to go wait for the bus 
bored bored bored ihave nothing to do today.. 
@samposnick I got pooped on on the scooter today...and then had to ride around in public  I feel your pain.
@TheMrsNikkiSixx I wanted to take my kids swimming today - but it's thunderin' and lightenin' outside 
led large tour today but no tips 
so all I've done today is eat and sleep. I just can't get my legs to move. at all. It's kind of sad.  waahh
Feeling worse today 
I was planning on going skating with @firestarter616 today but he cudnt make it  what a letdown =P
i have been so domestic today, it amazed me for a split second, until i realized i forgot to start dinner 
@iEmilia i dont think calling him about it will help. sorry meeler, but your wisdom will not suffice today 
Sit-ups because I didn't run today 
My doggie passed away today!! I feel horrible 
About to get dinner stared... I havent even worked out today! 
sore arms from shots today 
Playing need for speed. I woke up extremely blah today. 
I have a headache   and I don't want to be around people today...
I had to get a crown today  it hurts
i found a beautiful location a while ago, i go today to check it out again, and all the flowers had died 
WOW my boss is super grumpy to me today 
I wish I had my plastic cards  I want pampering today.
having really bad back problems today  
I'm supposed to start my diet today but i can't resist fried talipia w/ cheese grit from Seawinds..I'll have to start tomorrow 
@StEpHeLiZaS it has its disadvantages, having to write 2 essays today or at least getting them both half done 
Wow I made a huge mistake today 
my plans got cancled today 
feeling so damn tired today... maybe because i haven't had any coffee yet... 
@GovernorPerry wish I got to make it downtown to the alamo today 
is experiencing an aching left knee. hope it doesn't affect her 8 rounds today. 
flight delayed. I could have watched more films today. 
I met someone really special today... briefly.  
@donniewahlberg  cause we all got a huge reality check today...that the tour is really ending and we're all sad about it  
my cat ran away at some point today...wtf.... 
@mzfyah lol i wish i had something to tell you but twitter is dry today 
#musicmonday i got the blues today     ***sad  *****
all cuddly wuddly with my brother. i was lonely today 
Oh no, I forgot, today is #militarymon... forgive me.  
I'm very sad that i did not hear single ladies @sixflags today. Wanwon 
@studiosarah @neg1224 how was the performance today? I was all tied up and couldn't make it! 
everyone have a planning today, but i don't  
@mileycyrus i was outside your trailer today!! but you didnt come out 
 today i completed 1 year in my current organization and today only i can't go office... bad !!!!!!
So today turned out terrible.. :/ sleep soon I guess. 
Missed the women's bike workshop today 
i can't believe i miss the view today 
report card came today 
my hands hurt   made $$$ today.
Net speed at office is  dead slow today 
i have nothing to twitter about today. 
today was fun. my feeet hurt 
stressed! cant seem to find an answer for today's problem statement! 
i suddenly craved for vegemite and toast.  feeling adventurous today.
Feeling ill today.  already been sick &amp; still have that horrid taste! Bleurgh!!
@dch85 I drank regular milk today and my stomach hurt from noon until 5 or so 
hey,world!!it's going be hot today... as ever...  
@VASH_9986  I think a trip to the doc is in order since I had another one today  Hopefully I'll catch you for a chat today or tomorrow.
@iamshanemorris not me I am now out of alcohol after an 18 pack today 
Bit feversih today - hope it's not swine flu 
woo internet back on. re exam today, not so 'woo' 
@shelliwazzu i said morning all earlier ! No golf today only work 
Eurgh, didn't really want a migraine today and especially not a photo sensitive one 
feeling sick today 
Wow. It's pouring. No run today 
@littlemissraven geez! you got me hungry now, woman... i ate only once point five today 
So tired today for some reason  can't I go back to bed?
@Guolfo goooood luck! today mine was late! 
No ddving today, too much waves   so what to do now....
There is an opencoffee.gr event today that I would reeeealy like to attend but I just heard about it and I won't make it. 
Wow I'm tired today  overslept, quite a lot 
Networking event today and I've got the beginnings of a migraine 
Wow, It's hot today! I need a job closer to my house 
Oh soooo slow today, laptop! What's wrong? 
I wish tuition was canceled today! 
aww just thinking about my life !! what a terrible monday today it was 
Waiting for 6th form meeting to start! So bored. Hayever is super bad today 
I didn't get to talk to him today -sits in corner- I moose you 
Morning twitterers...i am super sleepy today 
Going into surgery today alone 
Not in a very good mood today - want to go home to bed 
I hate everything today. And there's no chocolate 
not liking today, got to make some serious decisions. About the rest of me life 
is suffering very badly with hayfever today 
@paulakahumbu Wow - I am very envious of you! So glad that you are doing a great where you are, all I saw today was a dead badger 
fell asleep in yesterdays business due to download lack of sleep  hope it doesnt happen again today!
wants to work on the website, do the gardening and a few other things but has too much to do today! 
Staycation is officially over.  It's back to work today 
says 4 of my classmates tld me i got thin today.  http://plurk.com/p/11b48c
gtg...my tummy's a little quirky today 
@aSickPuppy   I'm sorry, I forgot to go and vote today, will start rectifying that mistake immediately, can't let those other puppies win
going to go revise chemistry :S  i am determined NOT to procrastinate today!!
The kids are annoying! They are still testing my patience, AAAHG! And I forgot my present for the intern who's leaving today 
Looks like I'll be home today. 
finals today  everything is annoying me.
i make a big mistake today. i'm sorry nataya. won't happen again 
I didnt wear a hat today.......I feel naked  I dont kno why i did this to myself haha
i have a lot to do today but i dont want to .... im lazy    #squarespace
just cant face the world today 
bouncy wiggly thing today 
can't go see joey today  lame parents......
not very well today  .. need to get out of the house though
regents today. nervous 
@ClaireBoyles it nearly drove me crazy  had to delete all addresses and start from scratch ! how are you today ?
The shirt I wanted to wear today had a missing button and a broken snap. I didn't check my order well enough at the cleaners yesterday. 
got the dentist today, don't want to go  xx
My tummy does not feel well today. 
Exams today.  I officially lost my voice.
@wozman a bunch of pages worked yesterday and they don't today 
@jlartone good call! but, i am doing multiple field trip runs today i dont think any of them take me over there 
@jouyu Me too  I couldn't button my jeans today....
and today begins. 
I hope I can stay up today without taking a nap. 
Fucking migraine! No music making today 
i miss my friends today. 
woke up far too late today 
@LauRenxExCarter idk!! i have to call my doctor today...pray for me 
is a scarecrow today 
Two of my friends are 23 today! I love them, but hate the fact that they are younger than me! 
I have nothing to do today. 
Losing energy quickly....hopefully it won't take as long to find an auto today 
Going to the doctor today 
why am i in such a bad mood today......... 
I really dont feel like being productive today 
it`s like i need some rest..  too crowded and so busy today.. x(
....NO idea what to wear today!!! 
The mighty is losing his balls today 
Why did today have to be so crappy? I had so many plans 
Getting ready and trying to ignore the fact that i have a cold  out today for ashs birthday with the girls!
stillllllll in pain  but at least i woke up today!
wish i were at #140conf today 
2 tests today 
Up since 5:30  I feel tired but got a lot to do b4 work today.
dentist today, i am not a fan.. 
going to my 5th doctor today for my headaches  I don't have hope anymore.
i haaaaate this mouse... i forgot to bring mine today  i even made sure mine was properly charged... ohwell.
got my PC back today! But we do not know if my freezing problem has been fixed  although I wasn't charged for it. So I guess that's good!
i am really sore from pilates and i don't think i will be moving at all today 
My OutTwit is not working  so i'll be web tweeting today.....(how whack &amp;&amp; overly conspicuous?!)
@FakerParis of course! just ignore it. i feel so bad for him. he looks sad today 
@pinkiecharm You're so right.  I only got a highlight powder, and I am returning it today 
Not feeling to well today   But looking forward to the new 3.0 software tomorrow! I might make a video about it. What do you think? @reply
@absentminded I wish u would have told me earlier.. I already have plans for today 
Drs today, hope they can figure out what's wrong with me! 
nothing to do today...  
@hohner died as in, it booted yesterday, but does not boot today... that kind of died 
not okay with the pissy vibes around here today  dnw or need negative energy
Is exhausted with children today. 
finished working out early today. have to take the car in for a smog check. 
I forgot my cellphone today  trying to rush to work
@drewbaccaorr cynical enough today to think that my kitten status is near the bottom of the list of reasons i won't see you ever  
@StinkyTPinky what is so funny? And for the record, I am really sad you are not here today 
i have spent far too much money today and now feeling quite sick about it 
My back is killing me today! 
I have to apologize to someone today 
bad allergies today 
Absolutely nothing to do today 
Tired. No plans for today.. ahh what am i going to do. 
I really really really want 2 hit up my pool today... but it's raining 
Going to finance class without listening to the news today... I have a feeling this is going to be bad 
I'm sad @kacisloss is leaving today. I should have told her it wasn't possible to change her flight. 
I did too much packing today and my arms hurt 
I think I might get sick today , don't have the energy to work 
Eating cereal..Just lost my nose piercing and it only got delivered for today..so angry..now im studless  x
No soccer today 
my charliedog is at the emergency vet today. may need his 3rd back surgery. 
@GuitarLove08 wow, you're just throwing love around today ;) I didn't get my LVATT in the mail today 
They have a better control over the elevators today and then they slowed down sadness   #neocon09
What a draggggggggggg court was today 
hihii...today i had a Literatur-Test...it was horrible!!  but now i'm happy xD
I need something to do. It looks like it's going to rain again today 
No success looking for dressers today 
@jimmers31 xbox live is down for maintenance today  How will we survive...
double header today  need to get on base!
Off to the gym 5.39am! Bust'n legs today.... Training with a sore knee today 
@kelsiefunk Where are you today, your car is here but you aren't  sad
chest pains stopping me from going to the gym today  ..... tomorrow after 3 @evejuicyj ... we can get back in business
They cut jo back open today!  has an infection
Completely forgot about the cricket today 
@Jonasbrothers i couldnt buy it today no money 
@Rockwitchu84 u and I are not friends today 
its my birthday! I'm officially old today 
i want the new album so bad!! but i cant get it today... 
I completely struck out at the mall today. 
@maroon5 don't feel guilty.. i was also late today! my alarm clock stopped working and i didn't even notice 
I really couldnt concentrate on anything at all today  x
: I feel sick again today  It has put me in a foul mood.
i got a vaccine today and my arm is throbbing. boo. 
Everything just fails today. 
is logging off for today, killer migraine not gone yet 
I'm so tired! I cleaned my room today!! 
I'm not a very good hipster today. 
twitter is slow today after that maintenance 
boo...no Rangers game today...had a glitch in the plan 
wow i am sucking on my show today.... 
@evandavis7 augh! are you not coming to see me today? i'm sleepy and could rip someone's throat out, and you could make me feel better! 
@taylormonet23 you went live today .. and i was a no show 
not going to the gym today 
@LiteBytes I know they actually made me very upset today! I had to shed a few tears! 
@lolife4life i did it today.  i felt so bad lol
@FunnyMonkie I'd complained to twitter about this account today... 
man traffic is bad today. maybe i shouldn't of come downtown to pay bills. but then again they are due and don't want late fees. 
Man, today's starslip was really sad. 
I'm an aunt today...he came way too early. 3pounds 6ounces 
@alsointocats omg I want to color  and I thought of you today because I realized I need to start making a ~list~
sad to see 30% of colleagues leave today  It's tough.
I learned nothing today. I am sad. 
So no tattoo today. We got the dates mixed up 
My phone is dying a slow death today 
Test drove a 370-Z today... I swear they're made for people shorter than 5'5&quot; 
@NickyV487 im going to bed too, and i feel the same, today DOES blow 
@katrinabrandt ditto, however today, I feel terrible and endlessly hungry for some reason 
why isnt anyone twittering today 
Just woke up and I'm feeling terrible, operation in hospital yesterday and today seems i've caught my husbands cold/flu....  
Just realized @mrsfonix didn't receive any of my tweets today 
I can't seem to do anything right today. 
performed our play today but we didn't make run-offs.  oh well...we still had fun.
I am too tired to do live report today.  check out netaful later. L:tokyo
i think i have my own black cloud today. 
was just on the phone to @Veganmercedes - i'm too poor to hang out today 
is today went from great to absolutly horrible   http://plurk.com/p/11he8o
getting LVATT tomorroww,didn't have a chance to get it today 
got a farmers burn today 
ugh. today, my face... not so much 
Just found out one of my cousins died today.... They don't know why yet.  
killed a mouse today on accident 
didn't get to ride my bike today 
@maggieLand a cockapoo  she is the sweetest ever ! She turned 2 today .
@drinkmoxie lol why would @nerdist rip on me?  haha, nah, i'm braindead today, no questions tonight for me. ill try 2 listen...have fun!
@TheComputerNerd  lOl i had physics final today ... i failed  
my eyes so sleepy but today has noon. must wake up! 
Uhg. I've barely texted anyone today... I dont like that 
may have worked a little to hard at the gym today. feel like throwing up. 
I'm sad I didn't go out today.  But I guess strawberry soda and smores make up for it.
woke up late  so no zoo today 
@psychoshoujo that's three of my friends with tummy problems today, consecutively 
hope today will be rainy 
I need a hug today 
(@MissAmande) I need a hug today 
i was at the park today and i was racing my cousins and i slipped and cut my arm 
@LaurenConrad I went to go get your book today but the store I was at didn't have it  i WILL find it somewhere!
i think i broke my finger it sucks cheer was extra hard today 
Morning. In a bit of a state today  need more sleep.
@TiffanyLD I heart string cheese. I had 2 today 
One of the fishes died today 
is fighting the sleep...have to work today 
i have to admit the chiropractor made me cry today 
Feeling a bit feverish today 
Ah my first ever gsce today 
@LLCOOLDAVE take a match and strike it, see that thing that appeared? That what i am today... 
@bradhfh they better be pretty, sore mouth today. 
not looking forward to work today and tomorrow everyone away to oasis and me stuck working 
@ScruffyPanther I'm an accountant - I don't normally start this early - normally 9 but I'm out on audit today and had to prepare 
@melissaheckyeah i am a terrible fan i didn't get it today 
listening the last song for today 'Year 3000' @jonasbrothers then to sleep 
today will consist of mainly an emotional breakdown!!! lol 
So many castings today 
@erickaditioner i know  today someone asked me if i was being deployed...sigh
I'm getting this feeling that today isn't going to be too good. 
On my way to college. Really cba today! 
Lots of training videos to watch today... I'm far behind my schedule.. 
Its pouring today  fail.
Who forgot to press start on the bread maker last night!  No Sarnnies today 
I tried out for three clubs today. D: D: And trying out for one more. I'm crazy. It's what I get for being absent. 
@AyeBloodyRight indeed - it's pretty manky today   boo 
i don't know what to do today  I wish @natashaax was here so I could watch her dog do handstands (:
I'm up quite early today. But I have the worst headache 
Supposed to be giving blood today, but can't    Migraine yesterday, still  a bit headachy today = no seeing the vampires  
I am a little mood off today. Have to recover from that fast  
@andyclemmensen i wish you told us to charge our phones today 
says it looks like everyone is busy today that plurks are not too much...  http://plurk.com/p/11kfe7
*sniff* Why can't it be sunny today? I get more done when it's sunny 
I've woken up with a cold today... I can sense it's going to be a big, nasty one 
headache  I woke up all delirious again today, no idea where or who I was lol
I've had 3 nosebleeds so far today 
I had like 1 hour of sleep tonight. and I have two tests today 
that is unless my father gets diagnosed with cancer today, which seems likely 
really tired,  light headed. got my uniform &amp; shoes today. i feel like i'm on another planet. ahh. off to bed!
@brainforlovers well my lovely mother forgot to make an appointment for color when she called, so it's postponed until today.  
stomach is killing me today 
Eating breakfast then math final today 
No filming of rob today 
why is the net behaving so badly today? 
@merulapie I know, feels sad and grey today 
Finals start today 
i ran 1500 metres today.really sucked. got beaten by little kids.epic fail 
My allergies are horrible today! 
managed to scalp some pips using the 1-2-3 but overall loss for today 
I feel sick today...hope I'll be able to come to work 
@DonnieWahlberg I could definitely use a hug today.  
My iron is too high to donate plasma today  They say it's because I'm dehydrated.
iPhone 3.0 update today. Not out yet 
Rats shuttle tank had a leak. No launch today. 
LVATT is coming today. but my posty hasnt been! to make it worse my cats keep going in and out the catdoor so i keep thinking is the post 
LVATT is coming today. but my posty hasnt been! to make it worse my cats keep going in and out the catdoor so i keep thinkin its the post 
dr's appt today  ahhh!! @ecdco have a safe flight today!! i miss you!!
sigh !!  The sensex ended 450 points down today 
feeling fat and already in a bad mood today 
i'm sad today, with not knowing the status of my baby... 
new hardwood floors today = exciting! But I cant be online 
hayfever is so bad today 
grad today. Its going to be chaotic. Its also supposed to thunder today 
I fell weak today, i hope im not starting to get sick  
@modelphotog It was in anticipation of the release. I checked @ midnight... no cigar, so I'll have 2 wait till later today 
So bummed i cant make it to the laker parade today 
net is painfully slow today 
I'm feeling a little down today.  Hopefully, my mood will improve. 
@donniewahlberg ok ups is not cool, they never contacted me and the package is being delivered back to mass today 
English exam today....  wish me luck?
my internet is realy slow today 
Last open mic with @stephdewhurst ever today. So sad! 
@heathmccormick Me to i cant be bothered though  were is savage today ? x
so glad my outlook doesn't want to work today 
@campaignmonitor doesn't like my uploads today 
grade 12 history final today at noon! 
allergic to smthg i ate today i think, kakiku gatel2 
my regional president is visiting the branch today.  i really don't get any breaks 
A few new swine cases at the hospital today 
No shuttle launch today 
was told by doctors today that she's done growing  I'm so tiny.
@Ms_AliceV  I also have to work today! 
Probably failed that topic test today but there's nothing I can do about it now 
cheerleading was fun today, but my back is ridiculous 
got my train tickets for #sotm09 today, unfortunately i will arrive late and will have to go early 
hate the hubs today 
Laker parade today... Wish I can go 
 seriously don't know what's up with me today. cheer me up, someone.
the weathers bad today 
@stujessica i have a feeling you're not going to keep me company today 
i miss my chandler  and today is packed with stress god, i hope i make it today.
6flags today (teexxxt] i need to shower ; but i'm being lazy. i really don't feel that good 
I can't study today cause I'm thinking of vacation   And it is very hard what we have to know 
@twelve20 yaeh, I tried to make it warmer by firing up the stove, wrote about it earlier  It always was ok, always! But today...
i should have brought my laptop to work today.. 
@TheRealJordin awe I met you today with kidkradic and I didn't get to take a picture with you  I'm like so heartbroken but happy I saw you
Has a list of things to do today and is so tired 
over slept again today 
Wish I could go to the @playboy masion today their having a casting call I feel left out... 
Ughhh get to help move the aunt today... So much fun 
going out in a bit after finding out that my one of my cats got put down today. 
I don't have a reply arrow on twitter today. 
Ugh, I feel sluggish and heavy today. And as though I am getting nothing accomplished but running in circles. 
@xMissMelisax same i really wanted to go but i wasnt allowed lol i didnt see any of them today  but i will tomorrow so ill ask them  xxx
had a really bad anxiety attack today 
interview today...gahh nervous!! 
@MrsJMD i think it's hormones   but i feel better today!
i waws going to plant flowers today but it raineed and it has ben raing! 
Wish I could join the laker festivities today 
Really hungry today  bread and butter did not meat usual lunchtime standards!
gym today all be myself 
Not feeling to good today...hope i dont get the flu again 
doctor's appointment today  i'm freaking out!
absolutepunk.net# is slow today 
today so far has been pretty good! really slow here which worries me alot 
my hand is aching today. 
Is in hiding today  
is bored out of her skull today. 
I'm skipping dance today 
I have to get allergy shots today   Don't forget #PETERFACINELLI
I have a fever, I have to go to the doctor today 
Ughhh getting ready to go out. today blows; i miss shaun 
got to finish my painting today. 
Feeling sick today. 
around... somehow managed to break my car today 
not feeling good- and I have a ton to do today... 
not allowed to have anyone over today  but at least i get to go to dance classes today.. i'm a little nervous but excited. eating lunch
i really need a hug today 
moved some stuff to mom's today, so sad  
woke up today... and I can't seem to type right. I keep doing typos 
Is awake and I feel crappy again today 
Ugh, why does it have to be wet outside? There go today's plans. 
is not in a great mood today at all 
You're totally breaking my heart today. 
@anniemusic yay! That's good! I was going to today but the plans went canceled! 
improv was fun today. too bad today was our last class 
I have to do a speech today  not looking forward to it
So we're 3 cats less today. 3 more to go 
Really bad traffic today...   I'm going to be late!
Babysitting was torture today. 
@PatsyTravers I won't have internet connection; my cell bill is due today, but my sister needs to pay her half, and she hasn't yet! 
its depressing outside today 
Why so glpmmy today sky ? 
I'm feeling super average today... 
My #ZOTERO keeps saying it can't synchronize with the server  Probably it is enough for today.
today was so fun...and now i'm bored  @rocktress when/if you see this sign on
you not talking to me today.. tells me your decision is no, and i just have to deal with it, again.. 
I swear every single little thing is going wrong today... 
nothing in the mail today... 
I drove over a hedgehog today  I mean, it was already dead, but I still felt guilty
I touched four different projects today. I have a headache. 
@stormlaughter Hugs, sorry you're hurting so much today 
bus is late don't tell me i have to drive today 
sick in bed today  
@stoshad i almost bought a bullpen hat today, but thought i might look too douchey  i feel like all the possibilities are me somehow 
@decorus Aww, I'm sick today.  Sucks doesn't it.
No surfing today, tides too high and way too sloppy 
@AllyBingham I didn't end up watching any last night haha will watch them later today, I'm getting my wisdom teeth out 
@gardenofwords sorry to hear about all the bad stuff today! 
@tomricci Aww.  *hugs* I'm praying for you today! xoxo
Why is everyone sad today? This includes me. I need to dance. 
Missed Italian today. I have such a bad headache.  I'm going to be so behind now. argh!
@maryteatime aww I tried to get on that call today but it was full  they are great!
Nursing orientation went well today.  Have a horrible headache! 
So hot here, having a new unit put in today..but they did not finish 
Buyer behaviour exam today. 
the sky today isn't very blue...  http://plurk.com/p/11qvt2
@weshotthekaytee i totally had pizza today.  i am shame faced.
about to board my second flight today  so tired
i think i had one too many cupcakes today 
was expecting he'll receive his first salary today.  http://plurk.com/p/11r0lb
*sigh* feeling so down today 
My universal truth for today:  mowing = allergy attack 
@emfry i was up until 4.30 doing an assignment. now have to do more all today and tonight 
My shoulders got more sunburned today 
have to do a lot today.. 
nothing is going right today 
Computer issues today!  Slowing down my editing. 
@eimmart do you have my number! i txt you today twice but you nvr responded 
is on call today 
168 views today, and not a single sale.  
won't see my boy today. 
@samanthaculnane no way! well i might go get one on lunch tomorrow. Its probably a little late for bagels today 
probably why my fuse was so short today 
let's make it official: not going to rehearsals today. fever isn't going away anytime today.  http://plurk.com/p/11siom
Our team lost pretty badly today 
Wants so badly to bawl his eyes out, g'night twitterworld, that's enough studying today 
@weazell26 Sucks that you were unwell today.  Can I get directions and your address?
can't go to the today show to see the jobros. 
I saw her today... No spark... 
I think I'm getting a new cold before I have completely recovered from the last one - renewed sneezing today 
Too much carbs today 
i just hope that the install goes smoothly today 
today &quot; boring friends &quot; make me more feel boring today again ...  ..... what can i do today ? 
i got way too spoilt today. i feel bad 
cried watching bridewars today..i reallyyyyy miss my best friend 
...too bad I jst saw the awards today 
going leavers mass today 
started new diet today....bring on the size 6! [smaller than that now  ]
is working today   no wow, no garden, not even a window to look out of, so sad........
Another eye appointment today. Nothing is fun about having a scratched cornia.  
@diamondfish333 lungs sore from coughing today  how are you?
i'm going to miss my english lecture today.. i have to work on my data.. have to finish today...  i would prefer to go to class lol
Plehh I'm not feeling so good today boo to illness 
@jmn32 It sounds good but has a metric tonne of calories so I am skipping it today 
Biceps killing...can't go to gym today 
Horrible toothache today 
@Miskysunshine  had a migraine today...not a nice feeling 
i don't feel like tweeting today. 
@doginyerpocket aw... I am so sorry. I ate all of the insects for today.  I will find one immediately for you. hihi *find find find*
it's disgusting outside  today I don't want to leave the house :')
I'm feeling a bit drained today -so hard to come to work! 
is laying in bed... not wanting to go to her meetings today. miss you lina 
@neillyneil @paulocanning no sorry  not today
it's rather cold today, that means boarder shorts off the list 
Not in the mood to work today 
Such a tragedy..  I hv to go office frm tomorrow n today i fell ill.. 
feels ill today 
it was said that i look fat in a few pictures taken today..  is it true??
I'm glad it's raining today, it hides my tears 
Still really tired from yesterday... if I have to do any practical today I'll die! And seeing the show tonight... a mix between  and 
wow, no tweets so far today...what's wrong? 
Graduation today! 
is staying in today to do the housework how boring 
my poor kitten is NOT feeling well today. 
feels fat today 
has to go to a viewing today. 
The internet is very distracting, I haven't really managed to achieve anything today 
So tired. Two jobs today. 
10,000 things to do today 
I could really use a hug today. 
I need to not have eaten a whole pack of hobnobs today 
what to do today.... workers in and i need a shower 
Wish i was watching tigers round today on something other than my computer 
One of my colleagues just quit today 
I don't deel like going college today 
f**k, today, my good old cute dog died 
database performance is so bad today  , looking forward to backing up and working locally, horrah!
I wonder if my boyfriend will talk to me today... 
-goodmorning. up early today, training 
mum is ill so she can't drive down to see me today 
I hasta go to the dentist today 
So I turned around to swat her with my biggest claw &amp; she then vowed 'no treats today for you'!    
says i dont feel like going in to work today  http://plurk.com/p/11wkdb
 doctor today  maybe this one will get my foot fixed
@Laurentian7 I wish I was off today, your lucky that you get to go back to bed. I have to work 10-7 
very bored, i got nothing to do today  where's the party?!
@myoceanscalm i know! my legs are killing me today though 
I am sad that there is no free chicken today 
went 2 the chiro today for a consultation. did i spell that correctly? neway, looked forward to a free back cracking. didn't happen. boo 
10 hour shift today 
wishing I would know if I have to work my one job today or not. 
How did I sleep through 4 alarms today. 
Hey guys!  It is pouring here!  I didn't want to get out of bed today...studio is probably going to flood again 
@silly_kookie Things are going slow today  At least there are no smelly wet men here!!
@mesatejas  I'm doing good LOL well I'm going to take a shower then go see him we are leaving today . 
turning in my classroom key today.  Wow, this is really official. 
@hqz didn't make your lunch today 
wants to be back in bed with josh. I don't feel very well today 
The science is against me today, three steps forward, two steps back and into a paddling pool full of piranhas. 
damn songwriting class is cancelled for today   I hope martijn feels better soon!
ugly &amp; hopeless today  
just woke up....trying to decide what i am going to do today, but there is nothing to do.  oh well
Is sooo looking forward to seeing the dentist today.  
@Pinkeee naw all i see is squares  how's the upgrade? i'm downloading mine later on today
Its so gloomy today 
@irmurphy27 i get mine today as well. but i wont be able to cash it till tommarow 
Oh great, my knee is killing me again today 
I am so incredibly sick today and I have NO idea why 
Not feeling too well today. Sucks being ill. 
going to ashland today.. alone.. any takers? 
today is going to be a bore. 
got beat up at the doctors today 
a little upset that I forgot my bike helmet at a friends house yesterday b/c I cant bike to work today 
I have way too much work to do today 
realisation finally kicked in today, its not a nice feeling to know the truth sometimes  
waiting for the bus, not going to granny's today. Shes ill 
no sleeping in today... 
Hoping for the Clippers game today rather than bowling 
Home sick with bronchitis today 
has very sensitive teeth today 
I fell like I'm dying today  why does drinking have bad consequences?
feels very sick today...  hhhheeelllpppp lol
today=hangover, getting dumped, and then eating innumerable amounts of chocolate 
off to our branch bbq. too bad it's not really sunny today 
got rejected by TWOOO buses today  they wouldn't let me on 
Man today is so boring nothing to do 
so humid today. everything is sticky. 
did't get much done today 
i forgot to bring my lunch today 
Another migraine again today 
A lot of sadness today 
i don't want to go to work today and am very nervous about the courthouse visit 
i guess no zoo today either 
@LADYNINI83 no chicken today 
@conjunkie I do, after today. I'm getting a blackberry curve 8900, but I can't get it until tomorrow 'cause their systems aren't working. 
is so sad my friend aleex went back to germany today 
not feeling well today, and have an assload to do 
probably having surgery done today... 
Morning! For not leaving the house today,I have tons to do 
I haven't had caffeine yet today... I've got a headache 
My teeth are hurting even more today! 
Awww man i still have one more final today 
Starving and no free food today! 
2-3 more jobs applied for today.  I need to finally give in and apply for unemployment   
woke up sick today and I have SO much to do 
today's #kettlebell session was a fail  http://tinyurl.com/lxuh24
My throat is really sore today 
@a2dposterchild I bought some kettle corn today!! but it's not from buckee's, so it probably doesn't matter 
And just like that, I lost my new necklace I got today. 
looks like there will be no golf today 
I NEEEEEED a job today 
i have five million things to do today. and all i really want to do is go home and nap. blahhhh. 
More yoga so now I don't feel as bad about not taking a walk/run today. It's raining. 
 One of our two carp died today. He is at least two feet long and looked healthy otherwise.It has been really hot here, not enough oxygen.
Oh, I feel soooo old!  my daugther graduated from 10. grade today..
The splitting is today  so sad
 One of our two carp died today. He is more than 2 feet long and looked healthy otherwise.It has been really hot here, not enough oxygen.
I am feeling full... and I haven't had my tea yet...  What have I been eating today ??
@caryAK I surrendered today also  It has a hold on me!!
I just got new pants today . . . I just spilled copier toner all over them. 
the 'rents left today       going swimming!
I'm going to work from 3 to 10 today...  I hate evening shift.
I made bacon today. not the same anymore  @lalabacon
tuition went up again today 
I think if I could go home now, I'd go and pass out. So achy and tired today. 
No strawberry picking today. 
ouch, must have been sitting in a draft today, my back has locked up 
P-U! my job literally stinks today. 
i am doing nothing today 
I feel really sad today... I cant stand be away from my family any more 
I'm just not in a good mood today. 
A prayer for @fireprincess09, who lost a friend today 
my brother's graduation is today. I'm so saddddd 
Ouch. We've re-priced twice for worse rates today. 
@LaurenConrad I went to get your book today and it was sold out 
To those that know me well ... I made coffee today... That is how exhasted I am 
my feet still hurt from today 
No shark reef today  maybe a nap instead.
is only wearing my black hoodie today 
Just woke up.... I would be staying home today if it wasn't for this stupid assessment.. 
@KatieThomas19 it's gone now babe i got really sun burnt today 
@artandsoulphoto me and jordan wanted to visit you today. but we walked into the yarn shop and we were shady so we left. 
my grandpop died today. 
Why can't I stop eating today??! feel like such a pig, yet I still feel hungry 
I guess I don't tweet enough about baseball, a lot of the Mets journos and site unfollowed me today 
can't keep her eyes open, and only got a tiny fraction of what I wanted to achieve today done   but bed it is
I. need. more. energy. today. 
Not a good run today 
@cround20 Got my suprise from my boss today - been downsized 
i got sun burnt today 
on the bus it feels good in here ahhhha well yeah I think we get a report cards today 
Relaxing after working 2 jobs today! 
i feel unaccomplished due to the lack of tweeting today! 
At least i kept food down today  blahhhh
not in much of a high mood today... 
I'm not very happy today, because I did't talk to my favourite friends!!!! x.x 
I'm not very happy today, because I didn't talk to my favourite friends!!!! x.x 
glad today is over...  soooo when will this cancer streak end in my family???  
I'm so starving. I haven't eat anything at all today. 
@Frizzysemonsoni I went swimming today with childcare and got sunburnt. 
I haven't been feeling very twitterate today, people; I'll leave you all to it. 
i stepped on a needle today. 
today was a good today. nothing boring.but that'll change, cause here i go to make tea, and then study for socials. i HATE socials. 
@AshDHart @adamdealoe i was stuck in numerous traffic jams today due to wrecks. 3 hrs of bumper to bumper total today 
@bwknight mine broke today 
 something missing today
i fucked my ankle up sometime today and now it's just hurting worse... i don't know what i did 
tears i miss the #4yourhealth war today! now i wish i wasnt fishing 
i hit my head really hard on the cash register today 
i have done absolutely nothing today. 
I forgot what I was meant to do today - it's been productive, but don't think I did the list in my head... 
is home today and sick 
@lizhunnicutt listened to your record today - good job girl!!  I'm only sad I didn't get to sing on it 
Oh! And I heard another band today that I like! But I forget who. 
@elenipurdy sorry it doesn't let me vote i already reached the limit for today 
@FrankMayans Make it to the gym today? I didn't 
regents tomorrow, well today 
@blakkat busy is today's theme 
my daughter graduated prek today, feeling sad 
@peterfacinelli aw, I've been trying to help out today, but it just doesn't seem to want to put you on the trending topics 
No waves today 
@kianaxoxo: true! Right when I thought I was getting better today I got worse again! 
@modelmental lol today is overcast here  hope it gets better!!
I have a really bad headache  I HAVE to go in today though. it'll cause so much hassle if i dont.
@WHiTluvsVFC I ended up not getting either album today.  But if I do get it soon i'll let you know how it is!
I just saw a bar fight today. It was scary cause I was rught next to them. I thought I was going to get hit 
i dont want to go out today  i wish i got hit by a bus :/
i did not eat nearly enough food today.  
great, drama assessment today  just had the weirdest dream!!
Having trouble to start today 
@danadearmond a lot of  today.
Has got to go to the dentist today...... 
has to go to the library today 
dentist today. booooooo 
slept in today, really tired and in a mood 
@AnnHawkins Or perhaps just don't make the effort, or like me today, completely forgot! 
in a real 'can't be bothered' mood today.......but still have so much to do 
all the old people are dying today 
Wrong move today  But mom fetched me early today so that's okay...I guess :-\
Wrong move today :|  But mom fetched me early today so that's okay.. I guess :-\
what to paint today... kind of out of ideas 
It's raining... Hopefully finals won't take forever today 
i made a bad decision today  i always want to get involved with dramas! someone kick me!
@jamrock ur sarcasms lost on me today 
why am i the only person that has nothing to do today 
The studio is quiet today, we are missing half of our lovely team 
having surgery today 
Wishing I had a bike to get to work today. 
 My speed wasn't up to par today. 15 seconds slower!
I am uncontrollably dizzy today, it just wont stop  help!
I really don't want to go to the gym today.  
i need a drastic hug  today has not been good!
Workkkk. I don't like my hair today 
today i'm learning about twitter... so far i'm lost, confused and getting a headache 
Really bored today and all I want to do is play. No-one in town to play with though. 
I'm feeling sick today 
going shopping today ! after ortho 
@hyorinmaru2 Don't jump the gun with a tutorial, we need the actual jailbreak software first. I'm not so sure it's going to happen today 
Its freezing today 
Wow, really tired and unmotivated today. But those neurons will not get counted by themselves.  At least, I managed to eat my lunch! ;-)
has to work on a paper today.  I would rather do something fun. 
@BikeTherapy    thank you ....they will need prayers of strength today..I hope I have enough to help...
pretty much working nonstop today. 
annoyed and at a boring c@p site... unable to go beachin' it today. 
wishing i was in at the today show 
wishing i was at the today show 
wish I had a pool to swim in today 
Its compulsory to wear nice clothes to work today. 
wishes I was getting an iphone 3G S today but it's not in the budget unfortunately 
can someone tell me what the #topicthingys are today? i cant c them 
should i really be feeling this guilty about not seeing him today  he hasn't said anything about it so i guess i'm just being stupid
@erinbush No.. I've been &quot;focusing&quot; on history D: I'll get around to that later today.. 
Is still stinkin' sick...worse today than yesterday 
Feeling sick today 
my back is reminding me how old I &quot;really&quot; am today  
I didn't even get a bagel today 
looks miserable outside today  .
there is no one in the office today.  i'm lonely. i don't like it. at all
today started off interesting... wasn't even driving and my car has been scratched 
wowza! just got up..my alarm clock failed to wake me up today 
Working with injured hands is surprisingly difficult today... 
going to the doctors today. 
Wants to get his tattoo today 
@BrittneyTee did u go to the today show? obviously i couldn't make it 
REALLY needs prayer today for peace and understanding.....but hopefully just peace and that i wont need to be understanding 
wishes it was so crappy outside today... I want to go play in the woods    
@yankeegirl51680 do u know the exact location?  I'm off today and don't know where to go!  
@peetscoffeetea not happy today with my iced coffee - 
yesterday i had a carwash for flags, and today i have one for dance. i hate today. 
I wish I didn't have to babysit today  then I could enjoy the excitement sooner.
work is so dull today, everyone seems so depressed  what's happening in twitterverse today?
today was great.. i slept :L now iv to go clean my room 
my phone has been deactivated   ....but its all good cause my new one is coming today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have to cut 3 pounds today, no eating for me 
Fuuuuuuuu I wish I was getting a new iPhone today 
picking up the car today yay..but its still slightly brusied 
not excited about slangin' alone today 
@lunaerica me too! I have two tests today 
@MaybeBabyRo what makes you think i'd invent something today? i am struggling! 
Ugh had an even worse dream. I'm scared to drive today now 
I guess it was thunderstorming today....I miss all the fun 
BK did not let me have it my way today 
I have to go for bloodwork today.  I hate needles.
Feeling so lazy today...unfortunately I have errands to run 
went alton towers today and is so megazz ill 
And the present on Roblox is opening today 
sad that there is no #TeamAwesome lunch today.. 
@Denrael not today. equipment failure. 
@Spitphyre  and one quit today  I'll miss @aparnaram on techtree!
I want to have a dual-monitor today 
@eightlab I think you just forgot about us and now your trying to dig yourself out of a hole! Thats twice today you've hurt me! 
has to wash 4 trucks today. they arent even mine 
@ciaomanhatten kollene's having surgery today 
@bekahjan I know, I heard about that, but their website today said the new location perm closed 
I got nothing accomplished today that I wanted to get done.... 
@rockstarrx3 not yet, is it different? I cracked my whole screen today! 
Pachooiegogo with @lisayvonne11 and @JonRadical no goldfish today 
#squarespace you broke my heart again today 
couldn't eat anything for lunch today. This does not bode well. 
@LifeModified why?  whereis the today post? :~
@Swirly22 haha! No I dont think your a lush! No sweets around today 
Man I feel so sick today and have to bloody fly to tassie  and two flights mind you  blah!!
spent too much today 
My best friend, @ jenniferhodder is suppose to be home today!  I miss her bunches. 
I killed my thumb today  it hurts so bad
unfortunately, all I have is margarine and no cornstarch or flour   It looks slightly thicker today at least,  maybe it's been evaporating
I hate sore throat ... no swimming for me today please ... 
my hair feels ew today 
What I learned today; choking on a lollipop is not fun 
@vanillabean45 i forgot to say goodbye today before i left! 
kind of bummed gained 20 followers today but most of them are spam 
@catmmm I didn't count my calories today. Completely forgot. 
Wish I had my laptop today 
twisted my ankle today. 
People are oftly quiet on here today 
actually, I'm down less than 2 buyins... I was down 12 at my low point today. I should quit now, but I need to play 1500 more hands 
the kooks today 
@SuzanneReed Says the woman who didn't even recognize me during our meeting today   *sniff*
Bad bowling today jared... 
I hate that I can't do anything today. 
@hartluck aghhhh i missed your signing and i cant go to your show today  it sucks!, are u going 2 be doing another signing????
no soccer today 
has to do homework all today 
basketball today then off to finsih off my hirtosy assignment 
Awww I didn't get new friends today 
I need to put my brain to bed. I've been so unproductive today 
@trealuv2 Tried calling you a couple times today...your phone was off 
@cmiller2492 sad we didn't get to kill elephants today 
wow.. that's really bad, nothing open today. 
Almost cried today. Never thought I'd ever leave the college. 
Fucking migraine... out for the count today 
@jqueyriaux Yes I do!! It's hard sometimes - like today 
ate realllly bad today   too sore to do another exercise
@callmeX i saw you today, and i was trying to get ur attention, but your bitchass never saw me 
my horoscopes are always so scarily accurate. everything in it pretty much happened today.. why didn't i read it before. 
@ayejayacunia gahh what are doing today? lol my phones off man 
just got back from the airport. exhausted! and i've got a million things to do today 
@NKArmyTNgirl the stupid thing only let me rate you once and said I couldn't anymore today 
house-hunting drew a blank today 
I had to get a shot today.  It hurt &amp; I didn't even get a lollipop 
Hour ride today, tired, didn't push very hard. Legs are sore.  #project1903
@TracyLee i cant even read today.  sorry 
Missed 'Bethels adventure run' today  I think I've contracted the swine...
I'm having major issues with this app today 
I'm off sick today 
i really wanted wing stop today 
I'm really sad- I hosted the newscast today and did really awesome. But it looks like the tech people never got around to posting it up. 
@ermita can't do it now. I still got one column to write. The deadline is today 
someday never comes if you don't work for it today... sigh 
it's meant to be sunny today- no sign of it yet... 
i have simmed too much today (never thought i'd say that!) - i've got eyestrain now 
no new phone today  they had to order it in
is not happy, because she is not well enough to go on the d of e walk today 
@pchafeehily i know i might go today  i hate doctors  xxx
@cosmicmother you seem very chirpy today  hope all is well... I'm missing my mum already 
wants to go to the confirmation today but cant  x
wants the hawk back, caught a mouse today 
GOing to see my brother;he leaves to go overseas today 
Chores day today 
wish i was at mcfly today 
could not complete the black squadron command today due to a bacon aversion 
@sweetavalanche i agree with your summary of today. everyone was being mean to elora danan. 
is running myself a bath hayfever is bad today thought it was getting better 
My anxiety level is through the roof today, man I hate this 
My mom is leaving today  been a great visit.
Has princeton review today 
My mouth is aching  I don't think I'll be able to eat today.
@jersey002 didn't see you at the club today! 
Yesterday,we played together,and today he is gone,no more his touch 
Maybe I'll return my shoes today... they sent the wrong color 
feels not so well today ..  http://plurk.com/p/12eohv
@citrixsystems - is the support forum down today 
off sick today   i wonder how many films i can watch today!
so sad i didnt get to meet up with bethan today 
@sammcewin those tools he uses on that mix are awesome, i was actually looking for them today as i can't find them anymore 
Starting a new job today 
sad to be missing the mermaid parade today. 
@lilaznangel16 Awww, I forgot that you didn't work. No solidarity today then, only mockery.  *sigh* I've got to go pick up bagels, ttyl!
Wants to do something today but doesn't know wat 
I'm absent for today in my evangelization seminar bacause i have fever  and i hate it when i have fever !!! xo
so many dead birdies on the sidewalk today. learning to fly, but waterlogged? 
Wish me luck, I have a midterm today 
I was going to film a short film today but I couldn't get hold of @MichaelXD and I have a headache as well 
I feel soo sick  I have a bad feeling for today...
@PoisonedMonkey not yet   haven't seen the postman at all today!  did you send it recorded?
feeling unwell  I moved a lot today :0
So much for horseback riding today 
@MasterofSoccer. You got your but kicked tooo bad your missing our game today. 
I'm so nervous for today babe , I love you so much 
I'm not even excited to see marianas trench today , I'm so upset 
I have to cut the grass today 
I'll try to give a quick visit today. I can understand that. 
wishes she was horse back riding today 
more moving today... no fun 
I think i want to go to the beach today, but its kind of cold. 
@lisathewaitress I didn't see a single cherry at the worthington farmers market yet  And not there today
don't want to be awake  have fun at the meet today soompiers
0-1-1 on turtle in the road saves today 
thought i was getting my car back today... not so 
its boring today...and it rains 
I feel really lethargic today definitly dont want to go to work but....i have to 
Working today  but thankful 4 my job
went shopping today and didn't buy a thing. How disappointing 
@lisasfamilyart Have fun. We are leaving paradise today. 
My body and I are fighting today 
Raining - no cricket today 
is hungry but going back on my diet today.   harummph.
headaches =    going to the mall though today!
Morning everyone. It's so humid today!  
has 0 plans for today now....        so much for that..... what is evryone else doing??
Sweating buckets...... too hot today.... 
@underscored that stinks  are you still coming today?
@RedheadWriting funny. you just reminded me I need to mow today too 
nothing to do today yet. i haven't been to the beach yet. 
everything's going wrong today 
Sure would rather be out on the water somewhere today rather than working. 
I cant play tennis today now because its raining.  I have the worst luck!!!
It is raining really hard and I have a million places to go today 
I wish I were going to the colbie show  today 
Working today.   Hopefully grad homework after that.
@confidence81 I have to work every saturday  customers have been all mean today wtf!!
No new phone for me today it seems 
I don't want to go to the dentist today. 
I dont feel my best today i hope i will tonite 
Going to mount tamalpias with my dad today, I already miss you wifey 
Taking it easy today..It suppose to be 95 to 100 degrees 
My stomach woke me up today. I'm hungry 
For some reason I feel really short today... I don't like it  But I do know that I'm taller then @JDog100 
had to say no to going to the mall and the movies today 
a little shopping today? since its not nice enough for the pool 
I wanted to wear shorts today 
Actually, due to technical difficulties, TBOTW isn't playing today 
@keisha_buchanan I'm sad. my granddad today is die. 
is missing some people today! 
I was so bored at drama today. :'( I miss @neillavin300 
just remembered that she won't be seeing tbs/eotc today. Two of my favorite bands and I'm missing it 
Is not getting a haircut today 
Apparently today I am the hydrant 
At my track racing-challenge today I hurted my leg pretty bad ... 
Correction: I actually suffered 3 injuries today 
@TheReal_KDubb awwww man! i would love to hang with you today 
Has no one to hang out with today 
ugh! everybody has to work today  i guess I'm going to go ahead &amp; go to the mothers by myself
i wanted to see a movie today,   
No new bed today.   !!!!!!  Perhaps I will get a free iPhone. #squarespace
has to work a double shift today 
@hopskotchbandit Assssssssshleyyyy! I wanted to extreme nap today but I can't get comfortable 
i wish i knew what made me happy... man i feel so lost today.... 
@Orrisdale sorry about that  If it's any consolation, I've also assembled MORE bookshelves today and went shopping for food 
today is extremely hot &amp; boring 
first games today at 12 and 2. sunburn hurtsss. 
it's raining  going to look for jobs today.
wedding today, another brother bites the dust  lol
feels a little icky today 
I am feeling drained today, not feeling good at all, going for a lie-down 
trying to rest today, not feeling that great 
We put my dog down and buried her today...i never thought i'd miss her THAT much. 
Gma made plans for me today and didn't tell me until just now. 
can we rewind or fast forward.... whichever gets you back in my arms. missing my love really really bad today 
In a bad mood. going to stay away from everyone today. 
@justincohen love that we all have the same plans today. We r all old fogies now. 
@TheRopolitans no #Mets game chat today!!???  
really doesnt want to do much of anything today 
@wendyadams123 That's a shame  today i couldn't get out of bed, i woke up at 3 pm! and now i feel weak (N hope you feel better soon!
is making a bonafide effort to be cheery today ;)   .... not happening naturally 
has no plans today  get at me.
i have nothing to do today. 
it's sooooo hot upstate today 
No idea what to do today 
So much drama happened today that I can't explain it in 140 characters. 
I want something to do today 
did #squarespace forget about us today? 
@pleigh I KNow... I'm weak!!!  What's good though? What's the word for today?
@trackle I did 170 tweets today with #trackle in them  I fail.
@MK_87 only has 68 updates, I just did 170 today. 
No windows installed today. 
wow going to take a napp tiredd buhh didnt do anything today 
@KalenaTweets My car conked out on me today so I'm a homebody today 
No one wants to look at art today. 
Just left the wedding...beautiful ceremony, but it's disgustingly hot out and I'm just not able to rock 5inch heels today 
The hot tub is not so hot today.  
finishing off packing today............ and ringing around to see how much ipods cost mine died 
looking after my poorly cat who fell 3 storeys today 
@GarrendennyLane topped up with sudafed but still feel miserable ! aches pains the usual  just not tired as i slept today !
drinking tons of water cause i ate bad today.  
My mum lost her battle with cancer today  x
@jaykpurdy awww,you could of asked me to go with you.! i had nothing else to do today.! 
i got HELLAAA burnt today!  
Raining here again   but did some major shopping today at topshop!
really bored...  and its only 9:17.. I need to do something today.
I don't like my make-up today... it's to much 
I kinda wanted to try that sushi today lol 
@kallmebubbles  word!  you and me both...went today to see dad  
we had to get rid of one of the kittens today 
I saw no mermaids today 
got laid off from my job today 
@taylorswift13 Yay the electric is back on! I would go crazy if you died. I was at the lake today too  I got sunburned really bad 
Has two shifts to do today 
@_pixie_ I felt trapped by my asthma, today. 
working today.. i have heaps of assignments to get done  i am so over yr 11!
@avaxxsamantha i went downtown today and they didnt have anything and i checked online too  have at urban outfitters but only online..
messed up my arm. no straightening today, 
The tables r mean today. 
have done absolutely nothing today...it suckeddddd 
sorry i havent really tweeted lately  today was busy
is sad because she had to ignore a call from @KissaKatt, whom she hasn't talked to in forever, today. 
Thinking of looking for some shoes today.. Brokeage. 
@gothjezebel where the f did u go today... looked over and u were gone... didn't even say bye...          lol
I ate too much banana today! Definitely going to get mosquito bites 
@chickachels I was totally bummed I couldnt' swim today 
today's casualties: 20 dead 
Thinking of looking/buying some shoes today.. Brokeage. 
today is so blah i cant think of anything to do 
@paintmethesun Haha, fun. I had to be up early today, so none of that for me. 
@cinipod for what it's worth I got a nail in my tire today as well. 
You ever REALLY want something but you just couldn't get it. I wanted to get a smoothie today but failed 
today i break  my finger   i'm sick 
@create4you Oohhh..didn't realize that was today. Now I'm sad 
Everyone wants me around today...there is only one of me to go around. 
@BrookeATL my cat died too today 
@CerealBoy at mums today! No cordial. 
got a concussion today. 
Man   the game suked today       10-30
The coworker who I'm filling in for today and tomorrow called to thank me for taking his shifts, he had to put his dog down today. 
argh i'm so bored. no one is online today. come online people 
Really bad allergies today! 
As a dad i am trying to enjoy today but i doubt i will 
NO. @rustyrockets was at my place of employment today and didn't give me a heads up? 
@LadyExec And how did your show go today? I tried to find it (a little late) and couldn't! 
@courtcauth you were at the ex today?! i was too. to bad we didn't see eachother 
nothing to do today! 
keanan has the flu!  on the brighter side we baptized one more person today! YAY
Why have there been no interesting tweets today?  
Overall today: it's hard to hide depression 
thinks today could have gone better... 
@zeegirl602 no coconut creme. I had a little accident today. 
I just can't catch a break... I killed my foot today and now I'm limping around 
Feeling the muscles today,,,so sore!  ouchies!
@hansommanson i fucked up today  i was just so tired - but the good news is i booked a smoking suite!
Eating some soup because I came down with a cold today Blehhhhh 
@VarrenofFDMuk dont be mad @ me....but i wasn't following you until today  sorry! but i love you! lol
@leesieloo it was more my parents saying that they wanted my photos today, whether they were processed or not... 
hello 6:45, christening today.  fucking early 
Tired want to stay asleep me feet are killing me from yesterday today is going to be soo painful!!! 
is very distracted, which today is NOT a good thing 
is feelin' some stress today 
legs are feeling sore after a ride today. 
woke up early cuzz I have to learn today 
has lotsa things to do today  .. but very lazy and weak.. (
is suffering from stiff neck today  http://plurk.com/p/12mnn3
i have nothing to do today 
oooooooooooooops I was menna be at hockey trials today 
just woke up still tired  brain on half-mode today
what shall i wear today? going to the mthers for dinnerbe good to see my sisters, ive missed them so bloody much. 
is boredddddddddddddddddddddddd and should have gone to the gym today 
is not sure what to do today, billy no mates 
Just woke up to emilys sister sorting her bed out, scared me a little, thought there was an intruder! Not much planned for today 
well fathersday today, unfortuanatley all I got my dad was a card 
@saurabh16 can't make it bro today. too much stuff to do around here. sorry 
my poor host mother is driving here self mad today! 
@ZoeLucas92 havent started yet lol, will do today, know il struggle 
http://twitpic.com/7zwlp - The scary swastika-buttoned jeans I nearly bought earlier today 
Men's 10k today - think I did it in about 42:04- not great 
not feeling well today  think ive a throat infection 
Bad head today 
@leylaomer_ i cba to do anything today 
I am so sad and depressed today. I felt that everyone rejects me. 
hated saying goodbye to her today 
had a manicure today, and my toes were murdered :\ 
I hate that today's an awesome flea market I was looking forward to and now I can't go because it's raining really bad. 
just woke up! looks rainy out  no pool today?
i thought today maybe i could actually get up and face the daytime but now it looks like i'm better off lying in bed thinking about it. 
@herojaejoong how was today's concert? I wish I could had been there 
Up way too early today. 
I am so BORED - what to do.... Not even in the mood to tweet today... 
@jonasbbzx3 I hate my mom so much  I had worst lecture ever today
so...apparently i won't go to get a now hair cut today.. 
today id attempt to pack, again 
Friend is moving today 
Turns out due to employee issues I have to work today...sadness 
is bored, bored , bored today. need someone to talk to! 
@isdixon schedule does not permit today, working 
Going to my dads today. 
just talked to my dad. I wish I could see him today. 
@whatswhat_sian not good really , very tired , weak   , how are you today , did you get all those jobs done ?
we splatted a bunny today, completely flat it was, horrible 
No want to go to work today 
@Buddhagyrl I am so sorry that I didn't get your message until today  We're usually not able to assist from so far away -
Having to make some serious life decisions today. I want to say it's easy, but it's not. 
@backseatsurfer9 I was up at 6:30 today.  I WISH 10:30 was the number I saw on the clock. 
Why is the wireless so slow today 
jees! all i have done today is stuff my face! 
i woke up today missing my lip ring. ugh, why did i take it out?   
I dont even have to fake puking today, i think im really going to 
Ace enders and kenny vasoli. here. today. together. 
The sky will never be so black as today. 
My surfing mentor was sick...no surf for me today 
just watched beccas video, and cried. i miss you girls! back to work today 
via @BuddySkakun woof woof it's colder out today, so no walky 
uuugh, have to study today... and dentist appointment tomorrow ... 
@kelseyetc I've got tons of essays to do today. If you do study group, I'm not going to be able to come. 
I woke up so late today. Probably because I'm having some horrible cramps right now. 
is glad she has good company today... 
Hates holidays like today....what am I supposed to do? 
@NickyDigital aww, I'm not in the city today 
internet is not playing ball today 
just woke up in yuma. wish i didn't have to leave today 
I left my wallet on the bus today  well not impressed.
feels super anxious today. 
I hurt my finger today when I was playing football, it hurts 
has to go to stupid science tutorials today  soooo boring!
Allergies have gotten the best of me today 
not feeling well today  and not really happy either.
Working!! subway... not so good today 
bad evening - tired and worn out from cycling. hearing J's voice was very upsetting, and nothing from X. P has also got his worth today 
going to get two shots today 
blizzard press conference today... possibly sc2 beta launch?? not that it matters in terms of what i'm going to be able to do 
I can't seem to concentrate well today. sigh 
@thewrongshoes I hope this doesn't last long.  (I have today off and thought of coming to visit/support you. I slept in instead.)
I got killed today my holdings are down 8%  
no #thebcast today - camera broke in transit back to pittsburgh 
@DavidArchie *sigh* I was supposed to go today... but I couldnt round up the money fast enough 
my brother's graduation is today, he's all grown up now 
My youngest is 13 today, not so young anymore. That counts for me too 
is sad no one is trying to throw him in the ocean today 
@bizziefan man I could use a drink  today was a little craaaazy
@solessence soon! she's a pro designer and I just enlisted her help today - I had to admit I couldn't do what I wanted.  She'll fix 4 me!
@breclark I got your email today.  I feel the same way! 
@angelledeville YOU would be so proud of my words sent to her! Where are you today, I *miss* you. 
It's raining and I don't feel like painting today. 
I jammed my hand between a bench and a big poll today and it really hurt! 
If tomorrow is anything like today, I think I will need a padded room!!!! 
no sock hunting for me today  Instead, I made cookies and mowed. Not quite what I had in mind for today.
My dads leaving town again today. 
@drunkenmonkey87 *punches u* I lost 4 pounds today in my weigh in 
@moosee26 People released a statement that they filed for a divorce today 
I have to get my engagement ring sized today...and will be without my amazing rock for too long  damn and I just got it too  
was i sad today at college? just had 8 texts going you okay? you seemed upset today  and kelly was like sorry about earlier..wtf
http://twitpic.com/84xqa - online journalism today. So true, it hurts 
@hollywills saw you at x factor today! only quickly though, you didn't come on stage!  x
My coworker made me cry today! She turned the lights out on me 
My best wishes to all of those in the metro crash today 
@billyontheradio I wish my toes were cold lol  It's soooo hot here today
My best wishes to all of those in the metro crash today  --i am hoping evryones is doing well
goodbyes today    soo hard!
So I really want to go to the mall, but I don't think this will happen today  damnn I hate waitinggg
dinner today = not so good  lol
guys...i checked..and they just sold out today... 
has nothing to do today 
Aww chris looked so sad in the courtroom today 
will not run today my achilles tendon is fugged up help 
today is here... i think things will really start to sink in now  x
called in today but was not able to enjoy it being sick 
's eyess are stinging from the pool today 
Ugh. I feel like a fat cow today 
@jprutledge so THATs why you are missing from my life today 
My set came in today! I can't read them til later though  http://mypict.me/55xb
so today my friend alyssa had to put her dog down today cause her dog was very old  but then when she came back she was crying.
ugh wtf nobody called me today 
please tell the clarksburg exponent that news is over today 
ughi dont want to practice today 
I'm feeling slightly irritated, today... and for no reason 
my dread was validated... today was horrible 
got off late today.. ughers //nw sitting the the basement.. chilling thinking of wat to do next.. i am beat 
@CassieLeeWilson have you seen any entertainment news today?  It is rumored that they initiated divorce papers today..... 
got burnt today ..  on one side.
Why do we have such crazy maids? One of them made me cry today 
today is a write off   not feeling well... dang
went to the doctor today and got 3 shots 
@jennifercadeau their splitting and today they filed for a divorce  its really sad.
@HeadurrSays yeah! they legally seperated today :/ they just showed it on the show. 
@christinam14 yes  they started the proceedings today. So sad.
i fullly killed myself today in drama. i stood on a chair which was on a step and i flipped off 
Running today sucked...I have such horrible tan lines now.  
@Yaybren they filed for divorce today 
@toilie hey...whats up? Missed you today   How's your computer doing?
is flying back to reality today. 
@JennetteMcCTeam it was really sad. they're separating but actually today, divorce papers were filed 
I ripped my favorite jeans today 
1/2 off pizza @PapaJohns available only today...I am starving. 
I'm feeling very artistic today  I'm inspired. But i miss my guitar 
Parents are gone, tour guide duties over...but this does mean I have to go to work today. 
Lots to do today but I'm so exhausted I don't want to do any of it. 
you always look at me, once you even told my friend you loved me i asked you out and you said no  i dont get you . and then today ever ...
Turning twitterific off for today. It's a distraction 
i hate my allergy  specially today..
@Bektron It's 11:15 here...I'm off today...just hanging around...everybody else is working 
drivers ed today. 
my talent for singing is gone  couldn't even sing basic notes today
Not a good dentist visit today. I might be able to eat *dinner* if I'm lucky. An elephant would take less novacaine than me today 
I have a migraine today  !!!
wow I am in a funk today 
the bad news is that today she's goes to a new house whitout me! Why? I do not see her anymore!! 
not in the best of moods today. 
@noufel u make me more guilty now  am going to the gym for sure today...!
Feeling very blah and weird today.......I got that stupid feeling again too 
its way too hot today 
doesnt feel good today 
@NikFreeman don't think ill make it to the city today   I have lots to do today
I dont have a car for today 
At home today sick as a dog! I wont be twitting much today people 
No basketball today 
Why is my internet so slooowwww today??? 
The boys have horrible timing today.  They usually do but today more than usual.  I'm tired and I just want to take a nap. 
I'm so sad today, I'm almost crying...Only the @Jonasbrothers can make me feel a little bit better 
@JustBusyBee which zoo are you visiting? - sorry no penguins to see today 
brother is graduating today!!! i was just a baby yesterday when did he grow up? 
cleaning, interview at buckle, then work. I guess there's no fun allowed today 
missed practice again today 
i forgot to put on my engagement ring today. shame on me 
got up a little earlier than usual today and the stock market is moving relatively sideways which means one thing...i could have slept in 
was wondering why my phone is oddly silent for today? just found out its off...  how will i live???
has a very sick little girl today 
Didnt go to the canyon today. 
@getsconed I'm not going for the whole thing, just to @sweetpeabaking, since I have too much work today  I'll take a pic of it though!
I think I have to give away my dog today 
I feel icky today  It's too hot in the store.
@phonescooper what was the headlline?  or did i miss the joke?  i'm slow today 
staying home today  but i got the pictures from san fran today! xD
sat at my desk today, decided i havent been sleeping because ive been sitting in bed with lappy. i just want to lay down now! 
no one donated to ycare today 
@phathippo no running today 
maths exam today was way to hard, i did frickin rubbish 
@phathippo that was meant to be a question, like: are we running today? if not, 
Guess no one is going out today 
I want to see my boo @Sooooshi today  I hope she's feeling better.
My stummy hates me today. So sore 
ugh...I feel really not well today. haven't even gotten out of bed. well, once at like 11 am, and standing up made my head swim 
really doesnt know why she bothers with this. tfelt like having a good cry today but it wouldnt come out 
Passed out while filming today. Ifeellikealoser. 
I have such an headache today 
today is just full of fail! 
my hands look very wrinkly today 
i went and looked at cars today...i want one so bad 
Waiting t the dentist. extremly nervous and its only xrays today. 
@amandahenry Yes it is! Supposed to be in the 90's today &amp; humid 
boy it is a SCORCHER today,90 degrees i hate it 
runny nose today, feeling run-down! sadface 
@Rocks4Ever i do too but its entertaining me today 
woke up early today! now my drawing's finished.. not that good though, i'm not in the mood to draw.. 
I really don't think no cream today was a good idea 
no classes today.no intrams 
far too much diet coke today, I aint ever going to bed 
So...today is not great. That's the short version. 
@jessieaeveridge I called in sick today 
i thought i got tan today..but nikkie crushed my hopes by telling me i didnt  haha
Feeling sad. I got some cleaner on one of my favourite shirts today and now it has a bleach spot. 
Man, I'm feeling so overwhelmed today, too much going on 
my plans got shot to hell today! 
Has eaten 2 pieces of fruit today. I'm pretty sure I'm close to passing out. Too close to dinnertime to eat now 
I'm having a really bad case of missing that boat today...wish I was there 
@captainsteph I didn't!!! I didn't go to the gym today 
going to study.. 3 more tests tomorrow! and i went really bad on the 3 i made today 
How come I'm always happy when it rains, except for today... This changes everything now! 
@CrazyCatLadie and @cutiepie101 sorry, had prior plans for today. 
I was so clueless. Classes are suspended today because of this stupid typhoon. And I thought I'd have the house to myself! 
@citystars41 well you are lucky  i had to work on the floor today and it sucked.
@djprostyle man didn't run today  I'm doing bad
So much for working on my disc golf technique. I didn't do so well today. 
My tummy isn't being nice today 
disappointed didnt see transformers today 
arms burnnn ahh so much pain today..will be takin another perk when I crash out..ouchies  xx
@naptress I didn't do any cardio today other than housework 
@TynzBoomPow I was suppose to do my project today too  Then i got fever then can't do 
nothing to do today. boring. just like i've expected 
@kammoye I'm not even going 2 tell u today right now 
the siblings are officially ignoring me today 
@dianatheobald dude! I dont even know &amp; it keeps going. found out about more people today 
dad undergoing angioplasty today. 
I can tell I'll be sick today  ugh
Overslept, running 40 mins late today 
@koreas I have no idea! It was in the newspaper today that they were going to auction it on the 9th though 
High pollen count yet again today. 
I played some soccer today after work today. i think i might have broken my foot or ankle!!! 
@samantharust ok I won't haha.. They were like 140 went on sale today bug will pretty much sell out today I think  it's october long we X
I swaer I am sooooooo unfit!!!! i ran 100m yesterday and my whole body is sore today 
doesnt feel very spritely today 
Transformers 2 was soldout today for the 12.10 session so i couldn't go  daaaang it
have a cold  deciding whether or not to go on the trip today
and some other meetings today 
Is wondering when the mechanic will be finished with her car....bit worried now that it's not going to be ready today 
suffering with a migraine today - not really sure how I managed to make it into the office.... 
really dont feel like working today... 
I was right to be sad ....I am probably losing my grandma today 
lost my phone at the UNHAPPIEST place on earth!  ..but today was still funnnn!
more job hunting in store today. it sucks 
My horoscope says that I should stay home today. I wish I had taken it seriously!   
eating crumpets, got to post a parcel today  x
bad tummy today...very sharp indeed...will it ever end? 
I'm feeling seriously ill today and the drilling is giving me a bad headache 
@xerinfnstein i love you erin. &amp; i miss you..  i had skittles today.
My tummy is sad and poorly and hurty again today. I don't know what's wrong with it, but I don't like it and I want it to stop 
@teardrop3d  not today it's misty and cold 
Is feeling a bit 'iffy' today 
i dont feel well  detox from today i think.
I feel so tired and exhausted today - feels like I didn't sleep at all tonight  
Off to hull today to get my leg checked out. 
@gatita43 No we both had big migraines today  We missed you too! *besos*
@karlicakes  I'm really sorry you got so sick today. Really. I feel bad mainly since I didn't give you a well deserved hug 
It isn't sunny here today  I am a sunflower.
I hate my outfit today!!!! It looks boring 
I think my face might fall off with hayfever today 
It's 5:30am now, and I'm still not asleep... today's going to be soo fun *not* 
Really cba today...post tour syndrome has kicked in and I feel tired and emotional 
I miss so much things today 
all my friends are working so i have nothing to do today 
@davcar11 yay. I've no excuses today! 
@roguebluejay @billtvmacon I guess we'll live with the new profile. I'm going to work out colours for it today... 
@flywonder03  allergies and sad cause my baby leaving today for a week 
Man, today better not suck. 
the market is down. had some small loss on the shares I brought today 
I think @pucegreen has had slightly to much caffeine today......and she going to buy me a present later..whoop whoop...34 tomorrow 
got woke up early because my husband had to go to work at the hospital today 
HAyfever really bad today. So's my mood 
Wishing I was on the golfcourse today... but alas... no car 
I want my new phone today! i don't want to wait until tomorrow 
@velvetella i know, loved him  and fifty is no age to die. how's you today? x
get sick today 
Dycal turned to be moody today when I asked whether I could go with someone who used to like me or not . 
I need to start this assignment on E-commerce today or else !!!!! 
@JodiAlbert aww i can hardly cope with mines today!! 
Feeling very tired in work today, thinking my ride home might be enough for me today. No running today 
@LOlaurenVE I can't even listen to music today cause I don't have my headphones 
I have really sore feet today. 
Doctors today 
needs to be taken care of today 
wooooorrrrkk. no lunch partner today. so bummed 
I have no plans for today except an opticians appointment! 
So what to do today? Think I burnt a bit from the lake yesterday.... 
Ugh...presentation today...something tells me I'm not prepared 
off today and it's supposed to rain wtf  just my luck
Reese is going to the animal shelter today   just be smart about choices in the future like this
@pylesa   Hopefully you can get a nap in today!
Needs to fall asleep early today 
manual entry  - working as usual nothing too interesting today - but real busy
working today. getting a cold  boo
4.5 today followed by a sweet new license picture, not under 21 anymore 
well it is damn hot in the shop today.... it is possible that i may be melting 
I have a bad feeling about today  I already got yelled at, my breakfast was terrible, what else could go wrong ?!?!
hurt my toe today 
Motivation....anyone got any spare - struggling today 
I wore my red flats to work today so i could magically go home when i wanted. I think theyre broken 
I'm sad because my brother is moving away today  and I have to see him off at the airport, must remember to take tissues! I'll miss him x
Babying my doggie - he doesn't look like he feels good today  
Feeling very tired today and a little bit fed up as well don't know why!! 
My fringe is just not doing what it's supposed to today  .....
hoping my cousin doesn't stand me up today 
@redsrule85 nummi is icelandic slang for sweets, no nummi today  funeral today
too much food I think for today . arghhh , obesitas nii lama2x 
@bonsoirdollface We're practicing graduation today. 
hope I don't get caught while using the computer... I'm banned earlier today 
ughhh and he is in my group today 
can't fuckin move today 
Waiting for the car to get fixed...so much for shopping for a dress today 
my friends leaving today 
is up and working  hot today
not feeling too great today  pooperhead allergies, i hate you.
has the dentist today 
Adventure log: it's so fucking hot today. 
@itsastitch well i hope everything is better today  call or text if you need to talk of course. love you!
uuuuugh.....feel well sick today  
going to see transformers 2 today then paiges going away get together 
i wish that my house was empty today 
i just woke up; like nothing to do today  the pool is out of the question cause its all yukky out
this is the earliest ive been up in a while so much to do today its overwelming 
No chickfila breakfast for me today 
i back to post here, today is raynin, and i have college tonight 
I'm feeling great today except the jeep needs maintance and I have to drive the car today  not so good
ortho appt. today! getting my bands on  ouccch
to much sturbucks coffee for today, stomachache 
Volunteering at the art center today. I just found out that the internet is down here  tragic!
Has dropped and broken 2 things today, both electronics 
@naydeeen mommy, today ---- i woke up crying  i dont like it. stupid nightmares 
@withlovekristin I don't have a car today. 
I think I'm getting a new phone today... Hopefully. 
nobody joined my followers list today  ..
is about to straighten my hair. it's hot outside today! 
i can't sleep!! insomnia phase begins today! 
I just want to be driving my new car today 
Not all the way up to par today 
my computer is really slow today 
I broke my little toe today 
all the managers are gone today!!! YaY! i think i kind of miss them all 
@DaveLindquist casting director called me today, she's wicked excited &amp; is presenting us to the producers. I'll let you know when I know 
i fell of the tredmill today in sport 
two new hurley shirts today  jealous?
@rodrigo_grana heh.. I mean I drunk so much liquor recently.  No worries.  and hiro has gone today :'-(
is glad for today and wishing the best for his love 
is feeling lighter today 
is off to london today... swiss cottage to be precise!  x
just so YOU know, i feel like i just washed my soul today. 
my sleep was disturbed. i am looking to end a career today 
We had a visit from our lovely zone head today .... nice 
Our plans are coming together nicely! I am very happy indeed today 
@gavlp I'm pretty fine today - I feel optimistic  how are you?
@minteva i'm good, feeling unproductive but i dont mind today  x
thinks today should be good  laureennn.
@RedMummy  I feel better today, got some sleep and its not raining so can take the beasts out 
The jobs front doesnt look so bleak today  !!
grow garden grow...too much salmonella talk...news depressing today well now off to work 
@islayian I will jump on the train when I finish up here today. Do you have your mobile with you?  
presenting my speech today...wish me luck! 
You may have heard @DanSchawbel's book is out today  Here's my review of it for UniversityChic.com: http://universitychic.com/node/4063/
no big boss today though...YAY.... 
@matahati I did oh patient one! you will hear back today 
@IndieLette i no seems to be working today. 
@TerryFrancona - good luck today  I'm sure you guys will be great as always!!!
has no homework today!  http://plurk.com/p/n1m04
I didn't have to scrape much today!  I really REALLY want to write right now. I have the dancing scene written out in my head...
Is wearing his big glasses today 
two of my most important projects are due today....i can finally breath 
Working in receiving today, as my bosses take advantage of my skills 
Moving in my new place today 
@DonnieWahlberg I got sad news today, but I was advised when life throws lemons... add black rum!!! 
Get my a200 today, can't wait 
is being lazy but is going to do some shopping today.  
it's so windy I regret what I chose to wear today ;( light clothing makes me feel good though 
@adventuregrrl no problem, how are you today 
@golivethedream great quote! great leader! we need more of them today. thanks for the insight 
is laughing at her sisters misfortune. yet i love her. and today will be awesome 
Early lunch today  http://twitpic.com/2yjgl
@crossroadchiro Have a great weekend - holistic medicine is much needed today. Thanks for providing the care &amp; for the follow 
and I got me some new glasses today 
at last, my mom wanted me to skate today.  yipeee.xD
went crazy and bought some video games today  off to the circus later today - yay 
@Kikirowr I'm taking the gaming approach to work today. 
@LiliCosic I cant quite make rice,I always get it wrong-too soggy or burnt;i'll try again today 
Going to my boyfriends today 
Going golfing today!!  
I actually exerted myself today.... it's funny how good you feel after a run/walk 
@httwomensexpo I hope today breaks attendance records! How are your feet holding up? 
@EarthLifeShop I plan to relax today and catch up on my correspondence.  
finally up...competition today......lets get it! and i get to see SERanI 
got my new trainers today, so far theyve taken me to the kettle and back 
Hogs are out today! 
it's so nice out today!  going for a walk.
@souljaboytellem i read an interview of yours on a magazine today. 
@justsara08 babies will do that but they are worth it  hope you get to relax some today
Starting to wake up...going to the fashion mall today 
@cokel try bringing the cards a little more luck today.  wasnt quite enough yesterday 
72 degrees today! 
going to mac, sephora, and lush with my mom today, so excited 
glad to be off today 
off to the australian fitness expo today, always interesting people watching there 
I rode my bike today 
: No tennis for today, so I've pinned myself behind my computer for the evening...  at least the window is open. 
@traychaney i'm good i actually got out &amp; rode my bicycle today, 
planting flowersssss.  i like today. too bad its going to get cold again soon. wtf?
@nojokesfact flew my goldfish kite today 
no new 80s news today. just getting my wine on ... on the porch 
@joesgirl MyKenzi (my daughter) just did her associational drill today 
finally home  and my hair looked good today.
@IAMtheCOMMODORE it was great meeting you guys today! your acoustic show was awesome  thanks for coming out
@chambersusan it was great to see you today on the panel!  Thanks for all the insight  #partners09
got my new asics today, now watching the netball. 
@Happyzine love what you're doing  great concept. signed up for the newsletter today
safe to say, &quot;i think i loved you today&quot; 
I'm tired. The kids woke up early today. 
Woot, two songs sung about me today  now stuck in horrendous traffic.
doesn't know what to do today but wants it to be good fun... 
I feel like today ended on a high note.  
saw my girl today, so happy 
a nice, long rehearsal today... 
@iPenginBrijhe lol..allrite  how r u today? I'm cleaning up d house ..
had fun today being anti-social. 
bought some new shoes today 
@pathea Also, it implies exactly what you said, that words carry weight today, and you are clearly already aware that is a responsibility 
@raahhhhhhh i wouldnt call it nice may reminde you of blow up doll today 
lunch at the herne today 
going sopping at the retail park today  hopefully ill be able to get some new boots. mine are completely ruined now D:
still awake. today was crazy and fun and weird and hazy though! 
we are having barbeque today.. Njummiie 
@rebeccamezzino great tip babycakes - owww I just wanted to say that word today!  Yeay!
@anab0t and!! I bought stuff today... I bet you would like  whatever I bought... I reckon you would! 
I am currently on 1908 tweets...Lets go for passing 2k today. 
is all ready for today  my feet are going to die.lol
@kebnyc quarter bubble off myself, today 
Stirring around. What is going on today. I'm ready for some fun I think. 
so tired! movies today  17 again!
@twochix1 did you have your coffee today? and are you already dancing?? 
@grahamwilkinson lol! I went on a 6.8km walk today and I feel fab  Then again, I dont have a wonderful forest to get lost in =(
@mcross94 I hope you get some rest today and feel better 
@jordanknight hope you feel better today 
@chickbot thanks! She just decided to stop wearing diapers today.  pretty lucky.
gets to see her boyfriend today. 
Feels better-ish today. 
@JaredWerewolf I got dirt bikes today 
today im getting my hair cut!! 
is actually excited to go to work today....go figure  lol
impressed with the flowers i made today! 
It is too gorgeous outside for me to stay inside. In the spirit of space exploration, am dedicating myself to solar studies today. 
@MARYjuanaLIN you're welcome!!!!  ... how's everything with u today?
more lax tryouts today! 
we bought a car today 
only slightly disappointed over the lack of pancakes in today. 
The cat has settled himself on my lap and decided I am not going to work today. I can go with that 
I missed the review classes today! haha.. and that's super fine with me 
@EmmyLou82 oo im meetiing my new boss today, just as scary 
@rsuenaga Thanks for bringing the ticket today... 
Wearing slippers to work today  LOL
Heading to bed. I have an online class starting tomorrow(today)! 
I'm thinking about sorting out our holiday today. It's going to be cool 
is contemplating leaving the house for certain things pricing today... 
Celebrating my girlfriend today ! 
standing in the cafeteria. mom drove me today 
And now the leg is shaved  getting dressed now. Is it weird that i picked out 3 options for today?
awake! had a really good shave today.  that never happens.
woooooooo bagels and grapes. today is going to be amazing, i can already tell. 
happy today! 
I don't know if it's the relief of the presentation being done with, I'm in a very ecstatic mood today 
yesterday is history, tomorrow's a mystery, but today is a gift and that's why it's called the present 
i woke up in such a good mood today yay 
Feeling much better today.  And my appendix is still in tact 
is on vacation!!!!! What is this P.Y.T. to do today??? 
i think i got a pretty good deal today 
Going rock climbing today 
We just finished schooling for today....now onto housework and such! 
@NurseCynthia09 learn something for me today  http://myloc.me/5ea
@NurseCynthia09 learn something for me today  http://myloc.me/5ec
@upstatehustler I confess I had never actually watched a video of her until today- wow her personality is very bizarre.  And the lips? 
@beckycad look what I cam across today   http://bit.ly/3QINW #sotm
@ZenGrifter   I wrote my first song lyrics today.   I'm putting on the final touches.  
boy is back today...yay 
stole post-its today . . 
melina: let me just say today was soo hawwwtt  felt good
@swannny glad to see you're in a better frame of mind today 
bought 5 magazines today  so happy, now i just have to start reading whilst i wait for biggest loserr to start sooon.
I did absolutely nothing all today and it was great! 
have THE most important meeting today... feeling all hyper! 
Enjoying the freedom without a boss today 
sold my car today..very happy 
promised myself I wouldn't check email again today but am glad I did now. 
got my copy of twilight today 
Going to wear my nkotb shirt today, f**ck off non-believers, saying it loud and proud today!!! Like I always do 
today, I licked my bottom because vistors were coming 
Morning. It's too early  but  i have  a doctor's appointment today
@bgdtcoaching so how are you going to build your confidence today? 
at charli's  we going to the city today! join us if you like...
doing my bible homework assigned to me today haha. thanks for helping me be a more godly woman 
going to pim today with @oches, nisa and diva 
Sisters getting married today! 
c'mon eagles! prove me wrong today and put in some effort and i will remain a proud supporter! 
my hair is frikin awsome today. Just today. Haha 
@Tiaantjee YEY! it's #fletcherday today! join us! 
Getting my hair cut today 
having a debate with the boys about what colors to write on the pitboard with today LOL 
who wants to come the cinema with me today? 
looking at some sweet cars today    !!!
@susysu Haha! And actually I'm just having the coffee today. 
Going shopping today with friends 
Dress arrived today  beeeeeaautiful!!
fell over today and couldn't get up cause i was laughing too hard....n that felt good 
My uncles wedding today 
shooting a wedding today - YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
soooo much to do today! starting off with going to officially become a mentor! 
is off to get a new phone today! Yay 
I am graduating from college today 
Still looking for new glasses...going searching again today. 
You know how i know today is going to be good? I woke up to hall and oats on the radio 
dress fitting today 
going to work today wearing new shoes  oh joy!
happy today 
@addictedtonkotb Have fun today - don't get in too much trouble.  
breaking out the skirts today!  
Really not in the mood to study today... Since it's cloudy and cold though... I guess it's a sign that I probably should. But not till 10 
@antondnagy you are certainly right dear. that is why for today, no gambling at all for me! well...maybe just a few hundred to be safe 
and happy birthday to her today 
going shopping. i lost one follower today.  their loss. 
dinner with the girls today 
@aprilwarnecke I see wide belts are in today 
the unborn is a great film.. xD i love lotti  circus today .. amazing
i get to see muh daddy today 
@MySears insanely organized...like a disease LOL! But definately beautified today! A massage would be nice too! 
@marthavan I'm glad I brought my actionwipes today. They are awesome after a race 
Is happy I get the truck today,all to myself to drive! 
taking the train to van today, feel like sight-seeing 
had a kickboxing lesson today. i'll say it once. don't piss me off. you've been warned 
Morning; d1 today  cantttt wait
My mom is graduating today 
going to watch dollhouse today 
hey all!!  apparently yesterday i forgot to add one more nice person, and today that was brought to my attention! here he is! @FredTheKing
Stunners are performing today... And I'm excited 
@littlewing420 a bit to far for me to day trip to but have fun. and don't get muddy today 
@mileycyrus just saw your movie today was awesome 
i need something to do today.. i have my plans for tonight 
@JimmyInferno yes it's me lol and I am damn proud of you for learning math today *hugs* 
lets go fly a kite today 
Short ride today - only did 85 miles today 
My newspaper didn't get 'stolen' today... Yaay! Ah yes, it's the little things that please me.  
is wearing a dress today 
It's rainy outside... I'm ready for a nap today. 
@cjlambert no not today  We bought coffee and cake though
@XKateLouiseX well you should off came on last night and un busyed your self today 
preparing to win at golf today 
my cousin just got engaged today, it's very exciting 
lalala, bought the 3rd book in the luxe series today! think i might go off and read now 
bought a new swimsuit for vanuatu today! 
i got my moo cards today!! they're beautiful! 
i refuse to have a headache today  
is lying in her tent with kasey deciding what 2 do today! 
is up and getting ready for today's trip  yaaay
Picking up wedding rings today then back to do some housework 
is doing absolutely nothing today, wow that was worth writing lol 
I have a visitor today. 
rehearsals today 
hopes it gets nicer out today.  ??
did my good deed for today. 
today was fun  found out that trees will wait for me &lt;33
6 flags today! sooooo excited 
I also got a power-up today as well  http://twitpic.com/4h2m4
@mark_boardman I have heard OF them  but never listened to them. I bet my son has.I'll have to ask him when I talk to him today 
Is glad to be with @nathantobin for worship today 
much better mood today 
is excited to sing today! 
@WONKAnation hopefully i will find you [and the wonka tent...] today! AND get me some candy! 
I just saved an old lady and it's not even 9 o clock. What did you do so far today? 
Not making a video today! 
spending today hanging around my house. yay relaxation! 
polishing my nails  ..........nothing special today..
Ouch, hurt my hand today at hockey... it finally stopped bleeding 
says the boys are going to Carowinds today! I hope it stays overcast but doesn't rain on them!  http://plurk.com/p/rkipb
I'm going to see my mom today 
hopes that her and mother can do somthing fun today! 
Is going tux shopping today  Grahmcracker
I realized that I woke up too early today, so I changed my page layout. 10 points to anyone who knows the significance. 
Needing to do some homework today 
@meara76 LOL you certainly working your magic on me today 
asdfghjkl , i'm bored .  nothing to do today . let's make plans ,  texxxxt me .
So, I hear today is #hoppusday? Ah the power of social media. 
I feel halfway better, but more importantly, I get to go play with puppies today! 
ugh the city looks beautiful today 
HIGH tide today! 
yay! daughter placed 1st in the long jump today and has qualified for another meet! 
@xviceroy great audition today! 
i met productivity today 
61 range (at like 9:00am today) and 38 theif 
photo of me and ruby in the car today   http://tinyurl.com/cupqyp
had a perfect weekend, and set up the basketball net today 
@thesoftskeleton me too. get some sleep man! how did sales go today?  you rockkkkk.
I instigated my mom taking her first ever shot today. hahahahahahahaha. 
http://twitpic.com/4j7m3 - I found some hearts in a puddle today. 
Starting set-up today! 8.600 m2 venue and 25 meters of screen for roots, yeaahhhhh 
Just me and my camera today... 
@girlfromthemoon ...i had a yay moment today  YAY hope you did too!
cleaning cleaning cleaning today then working out!  i love not working! 
I've worked my finger tips bare today coding. But we got there. 
@littlemissjoey You didn't get a public holiday today? bwahah 
Storm system that looked to bring us rain today is going to miss us 
Wow... I was tricked into the #hoppusday hype today.... 
i'm bored @freakinspecial: hope your wlan will go today! 
Going to get me a new roomie today  
bank holiday today 
Digiqom welcomed new team members in the company today  
@rmolden Yes, maybe, but for today, I write 
bought beer today 
@emulley I missed you today...I know you must feel very tired. I will give you a massage tonight 
Going to learn the hoedown throwdown today.  
attics to eden out today ! 
Unlike cierra, i look like poop today. Whatevahh, lol. 
@Yassak you hate her, I love her.  presentation got cancelled. I got up at 0600 and went in to work today for this pitch !
hopefully today will work in our favor 
@cosmicmother some great stuff on website today 
is going for morrisons breakfast with my boy today  wooooooooooo.
@atchoum1979 Where you at?   No tweeting today? No gardening either, I bet?
back from sql. finals tomorrow...new video today 
The old internet is fairly boring today, nothing new on it 
@goldenboyluke  be sure to go by my blog today    -  and check out your friends - I bet you have some new ones today!
Is actually feeling awake today 
@dannywood glad u could check in with us today. keep in touch. 
Starting my internship today, pretty excited! 
@reddhed The pics should be up later today at www.dosriosrestaurant.com! 
@SteveS86 Not true, you can get worse burns today... don't forget sunscreen 
@TackStoreLady I'm coming in today to get my other hat and my $5 credit! 
@pperiklis because i stopped today :S wish me luck.....  (had to overload first)
@mlindvall hey no problem  how are you doing today ? 
c'mon people, today is #juddday 
training again today. 
cousin leon was born today 
@YourboyH thank you broooooooo!!!! I've been out of the twitter loop today! 
Is enjoying staying in the house today 
going to into freo today with the mother 
My sister graduated today  it was amazing and super emotional. Wow ...
@thewildjoker I selected 4 people today out of my list. Out of 300 or so I picked the 4 that made me laugh! 
@terrytokyo i wish we could have seen you girls today. well besides from across the crowd haah. hope you had fun 
started her new job today! aaand so stoked for may long..  and billy is awesome.
my 6th wedding anniversary today... so lucky to have such a gorgeous wife 
@kidthings yeah it does...i had fun today...i regret not taking that cup now...it was awesome...i must find one just like it now 
@RetroRewind great show today 
i met one of the nerdiest servers at chili's today lol... he was awesome and i was his favorite 
Mothers day today! 
@Sexyjoy386 What are u going to do today my girl? 
@ALOliver I am!  going on a hike today! 
i learnt something new today 
yays poker win!  that and sketchy student decided to show up today. lawl
@Exirel It's on today's menu, don't worry 
going shopping with my mammyy.... my makeup and face are being generally quite nice to me today 
actually did progressive studying today.. 
@codelust @prolificd caught me at lunch today... you were correct of he stalking me 
For US tweeps, don't forget to call your mom today...  
@whoalivia I'm sooooooo super proud of you today!  Congratulations!!  
@TraceyHewins v.good happy and shiny today 
*yawn* how lovely it is today  no food as of yet, but maccy d's or sainsburys can rectify that for me
...looking forward to working in my garden today...it sounds boring...and it is   perfectly boring and relaxing  **sigh**
we got milo AND milo cereal today 
Off to start doing stuff, I am going shopping after church today being I didn't yesterday.  Later I will jot some more....
#SanctuarySunday @pizzini3000 we are on a mission today to keep it a trending topic 
@ManxStef I hope your head is feeling better today. 
is going to tpc today to watch tiger play...and hang out w golfers 
@FamisJamis do you want to go to the game with me today? 
Feeling much better today  http://tinyurl.com/ptkjq9
getting ready for workkk....i dont have to wear my regular uniform today! yay 
@mariqueen found this for you today  http://twitpic.com/4x5as
@WONKAnation I think we're just letting her relax today  And then we'll probably take her shopping, because she loves it.
did the race for life today 
@ReneeDeLuca Wow... 2 women on me today...  
going to play mini golf again today, haha. shoutout to all of those moms today! 
@supervillianlex  Be especially nice to your mother today.  
I must play scrabble with my mom today! 
@Moetown333 thank you honey  What are you guys up to today? Whens the next gathering? I'm looong overdue for your cooking!
Shucks! I'm just glad I'm not working today! 
I'm actually NOT skipping the workout today! 
it's a boy! found out today 
@TabyCat74 *nods* yup ... i just needed to say that today 
@joshtastic1 welcome back son.hows you today? LOL  #TwitterTakeover #TwitterTakeover
had so much fun today.  had a photoshoot. had a blast doing it.   
@meemles umm i kinda fell in love with this one today..and a pretty good price they offered.  http://twitpic.com/4yhey
today was a lot better than yesterday. not perfect, but hey, nothing went wrong 
@myamakeupartist; I'm taking it that today was good?, hope so! 
too much thinking about podcasting today. like it better when i don't even think twice about it. 
super excited biology presentation today  so keep it up
op shopping with ash today 
@DHughesy  I reckon he's added 125g    (all depends if he's number number #2 today)  ;)
Going to sail today with my project team, very nice I think 
r.e exam today, wish me luck 
fun date with my double D today 
it's all about environment today, and some Trollywood too 
wrote a T.V. plot with her brother today, and is excited to see where it goes 
I was just asked today if I was a conservative or a liberal. Last I checked, there was also a middle of the road option. 
@msaxxy actually im sleeping a lot at the moment, just up early today as i have to travel 
is waiting on a special visitor today 
saw an old friend today 
missed kickboxing today....went for a swim instead to make up for it 
Getting my bike fixed today so i can finally get back to my fitness bit 
Getting a piercing today. That is, if i still have the balls to do it. Haha 
very satisfied from shopping today  it was torture, but it was worth it.
I need my asprin today. 
@CurlyWurly348 - Iys going smooth    any u :L   my house today (Y) will be oring but awell 
@rustyrockets hiya gorgeous, will you be gracing us with your presence today, many of us are missing you  xxx
@BlokesLib thank you look forward to your tweets, how are you today? 
My team is rushing for a software release today. I think we are almost there. 
working at #vkgebouw today. we have an intern at #narb now... crazy stuff 
today in the cityy with my honey @DeborahLehde 
My eyes have decided to be light blue today 
today was.. a half great, but great 
@kizwiz Of course it will!! I'm being really positive today 
Making pwetty visualisations today 
@cfinke what a cat did today 
http://twitpic.com/55buj - It's from today! That's something 
Feeling better today... my mouth feels weird, but I'm sure that will go away! 
@roguetrooperr glad you're feeling good today mate 
I have many expectations!! So hyper today!  XD
*sigh* i love to be home.  no outings today 
Its beautiful outside today! 
can't wait tooo see bre  tanning today ..
going to fail micro today!! but breakfast before with mark should be great 
@vivvalabella yay!!  That is always nice...anything different today? 
Hanging out with one talented and funny person today! 
wow is it windy today, I think I might get better milage to work 
Yesterday I washed the car, today I wash the dog   I tell you, it really is a charmed life.
going to get a hair cut today 
@infamouslexijay awww well at least you are going!  I'm making my dad take me today :/
@4u2wear2 you think so?  what are you up to today
@nishansolo lol u are on a roll today......  keep at it.
@NotSoShinyJules ah, nothing says sandals like today! 
drove with the top down today  sorry everyone in the u.p. who had to deal with snow today
@AshesBorn http://bit.ly/17clWM  i made this today 
I found out today that I am a legend. 
@__ that is the coolest picture i have seen today. i am now imagining mondrian cats 
@appletartlet the winner today is @gnomeangel - and may I say she certainly seems very excited about that news 
Also...congrats to all the people who graduated today!!! 
had a wonderful birthday today 
i love my friends! I enjoyed today  i'm going to sleep now... i feel really tired.
@ddlovato demi i got your tickets today 
got a diamond ring today 
@pibby That and biking. 10 miles on the bike and 3 running today 
will have a haircut today. . . 
damn man today was niiiiice 
today is a good hairday  my beehive looks rather lovely
@heathwiggins totally saw YOU today!  I was like gfiuhbghdfomggzz it's heath!
met a cute guy today and got a number 
today i'm going to the festival rock around the clock autotron rosmalen 
opened a joint savings and checking with @markmatley today 
My birthday today! 
Taking a deep breath as I compile a huge list of tasks to get through today.  I think I'll do some scrapbooking first 
@taniagilchrist Ah, so no drinking. You don't strike me as a drinking type either way  I spent all of today recovering from yesterday.
Uhoh...spent over $100 at the music store today  Parents not so happy about that.
@nicolerichie dont u have an old phone to use today? and tomorrow u will buy a new blackberry! 
concert today 
Off to join the gym at 2 today, exciting 
#tweetschool lessons to be held later today  all #tweetteachers #tweettrainers and #tweetstudents invited &amp; welcomed
for @BeccaxVipx ... miss you! looking forward to chat with you today!  http://twitgoo.com/3n8n
@justpepita not 'am' but 'ins' because you go into  i'll go to the cinema too today 
@Azizshalan i'm fine too, thank!! going to the cinema today!! 
yay, lie in bed rest of today 
@psychicsarah expecting miracles today 
@ the zoo w/ my babaaa today  yayyyy animallllsss!
I'm glad it actually looks decent outside today 
editing pictures I took today 
really excited about seeing old friends today! 
@erichatheway I was thinking the same thing! It's absolutely true blue today 
@MCRmuffin feeling better today? 
today is graduation. it looks beautiful outside 
Making pie today. 
Going to the park someday today for this http://www.marionartsfestival.com/ should be fun if anyone is in the area 
@gabbyelyse good luck today 
My hair is curly today. 
@DannyStatsy just shaved down there today as well  we should set up a play date LOL
Going shopping with my sister today 
so glad i am off of work today! crawfish boil today!!! 
@kitkatkay16 i do have fun! i can't wait to have today's show! 
@sweetbeets thanks! today's starting off pretty well for me  gift guide and now a treasury!
Again, the just trains offer expires today and that's it - no more extensions 
having lunch at panera today. 
i get some amazing presents today.  birthday on tuesday
@duskpilgrim I'm filling in for a co-worker who's off today 
I'm feelin twitterlicious bout them Rockets today 
@screamingeagle1 LOL! I like the new avatar  How are you today?
I think today I will go to the mall 
I recognize myself in the mirror today and successfully weaning self off percacet 
Getting a massage today! Should make the workweek better 
@IssyNC what an appropriate sermon... told you youhad to go to church today 
getting in shower, nephews birthday today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am so bored but excited to go jet skiing today 
is up and about cleaned the place! now going to work on my papers again which i am going to finish today! 
opening up our pool today 
today is going to be amazing ) hanging w/ @imjustlonely ALL dayyy 
training today was so much fun  but now i'm tired... xD
dying my hair today! 
I made $50 off prints today 
today is goooooood so far.  i can't wait to see my baby&lt;3
@adampinell I guess you're just extra sexy today 
@Kogenre lol did you spend long there? The sea was pretty today  And it's still sunny!
got back from jrk today. hope, you had a wonderful party. the photos are great 
Things are heating up in the bay today. 
have to get killer abs  starting today
today's chill. yay  movie later? we shall see.
I might o biking riding today! It's SO Gorgeous outside! 
Working on the cover today.....yephie.... 
@grahamwalmsley No, only good deeds today 
@SKrishna I figured so  I am behind also! Trying to get caught up today, almost there. But then I didn't crack open my book which stinks
swimming in the pool was soooo nice today. 
did absolutely nothing today and it was nice 
found an earing I thought I lost in the pool today! 
entirely grateful, for the conversations &amp; laughter you brought me today 
@meetsamer super, as always. what's cool today? 
@zinith markets have crossed 2100 points today hitting 3rd circuit, so no more trading today 
lol My hair was fabulous today! 
maybe today i'll buy my car!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Morning! Workies again today but at least I don't start til ten! 
it's my birthday today i'm 15 
Yay, shopping today!  I sure need new clothes...
@arnehoppenstedt  it's 38 degrees here today. I'm not doing any packing today. No way 
@maishsk so no dairy today 
had a complete blast today at six flags 
it just dawned on me my lack of tweets today.. was too busy being lazy today 
I got a huge order at www.nomoregrannypanties.com today, it made me so happy 
I'm goin for a movie marathin today!  (Even if it's just 3 movies) lol
@billingtonart What's plan of action for today? 
Starting my ethnographic research today! 
It's on rare occasions to have the refrigerator stocked to its capacity  today I celebrate one such occurrence.
@Norilein well, I was born tired, so there's nothing exceptional today!  What about you?
drew the best cupcake today 
morning. bonkers is out today  business management studying today though, yaaaay |:
went to aunties today, was good 
today was sooo fun  made videos with @angielilly
      handed in my uniform today . i miss you already
So excited I can see more chillis on plant today 
I finally finished my stupid painting today. 
just wants to see cascada's new video. and is wondering what to do with himself today? revision for business maybe?  xx
@JSeeker hey you're on  do u know how i am? how are u today?
My room is a mess. And i have no intentions of getting ready today. 
Housewives finale today... Yaaaatzi! 
Going to get my new orange phone sorted today 
is off to his sisters wedding today 
Off to see if I can get my tattoo today - hopefully there is a slot for me 
internet speed today seems really fast today.... 
yay, new divide out today! i'm excited for that! 
i wrote an essay today, and it was very good. 
@hanpanman DickButt came in the post today!  http://bit.ly/12tfYg
so glad i saw my baby today. 
@nnova thank you Nelfi, I am looking forward to today, hope you do the same 
@mnowster dunno, do feel quite rough today though, might try and go home early 
loving the cricket today  x x
have decided for no reason in particular that today is good 
my brudder graduates today 
going to schoool. hopefullly today would be good.. 
house inspection today 
going to the fair of the valley today 
My oldest wants pancakes today. I usually don't do pancakes on a school morning. But, I'm feeling nice today. The griddle is warming up 
Just set up this new account today! 
@kazzdee today, chicken and stuffing from baggot street bridge branch 
Off again today and i don't think i have anything to do but wash clothes. 
Buying my condo today! About to write the biggest check of my life 
@tabithasherrell I hope so - cause that is the same strategy I have for today too! 
@3GFalcon walaykom alsalam, Unfortunately i can't be there today, i wish i can come but it's seems very hard today, enshallah ill see 
Home early today, so here you go  Going in circles! http://bit.ly/104pDs
We listed some new items so check them out today!  http://poshadornment.etsy.com
daddy might come home today from the hospital 
@epeureka pretty sure it's going to be my lunch today... 
I look like this today  http://bit.ly/j8gVC
Begins her internship today! 
@traveleverywher love wisdom; be bright in the light   the change is now, today, here.
Brainstorming, and putting the finishing touches today on my makeup final... 
@AgingBackwards you will be receiving a package today 
Hoping that I can make it on just 2 today, and that this headache will die on me already 
@lameymacdonald Getting well: Looking forward to finish one more painting today 
@gminks hope to meet you in person today 
tanning...lots to do today  xoxo cell it
excited for today. breakfast at maudie's and yoga at the springs 
@pagalloway I've got my fingers crossed for you today. I'm sure you'll hear good news 
is going to work using three monitors today.... just because I can 
83 degrees today!!!! 
Blessings to all, how are you doing today? 
supposed to be 73 out today... sick 
@pbvalla Not working today but, yes, sociological social psychology at 6 tonight 
@allwithani *Consolation, haha. I missed all the french kids today. 
beautiful again today! it's supposed to be 80!!  I'm wearing my red skirt, a tank top, and sunscreen. yay!!
@smfritch I'll live vicariously through ur good mood today 
Sitting outside in gym. Its nice out today 
Could someone please restart today? 
@Minervity today i am happy. i hope u too. love all your tweets 
Y'all look wonderful today  http://plurk.com/p/venz0
getting her first implant today! 
1/100000000 chance of italy today. if not half term 
@tommcly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry @dannymcfly, have a good show today! its my birthday today  wahoooo , love you xxxxxxxxxx
@tommcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry @dannymcfly, have a good show today! its my birthday today  wahoooo , love you xxxxxxxxxx
@sowrongitsKazie nawww  yay for today! twas worth of a santi rating ;)
I went rock climbing today with a blindfold on, it took me awhile to climb it but it was quite entertaining. 
@annieqpr its gone morning how are you today 
@lizbonez88  nice seeing you today 
morning  I'm going to drive people insane today taking photos of everything :p
@DJBigger ...you forgot to call me    lets talk today...
Morning  off to le sisters today yay x
Another compact #followfriday today  for the better right?
is looking forward to riding her ponies today.....  it's been awhile!
@missjessieleex you're working today  You did really well with your essay love
@nakedgen_heledd not yet  inspiration fails me today
i love my hair today 
Finished my book. I will tell u what is next later today 
cough is much better, hurray. Now to decide what to do today 
my mommy's 60 today 
@iGrace no frooti today for you girl! everyone is getting only #jaljeera and you should drink it too..  
today's plans : vii-studying-nothiing 
@willtompsett hows you today?, and thank you for the lovely  followfriday  x
Is hopefully getting his permit today. 
opened my band account today, should be getting paid very soon 
@Pheliziph haven't been to town today.. was just at the foodstore 
@ahsart_tech - I will have the car today! 
Tryouts today 
I woke up at 3:20 today, but I feel great otherwise 
is off out tonight  must buy some pink eyeshadow today though...
I'm happy that my hair is working with me today 
Feels real good today!!! 
@noelclarke today's favourite words are fuck and starshine 
http://twitpic.com/5ooow - the sky looks godly today. 
Yes! I'm off today... 
83 degrees today 
I got my two Sackboys in today  yay.
@Geeno33 Thats good to hear  plans for today &amp; this eve?
@KathEats yup, we r waiting to hear back on our final offer today! hopefully we can celebrate tonight 
i think im ready for guitar hero today....  Yay!
is loving the fact that it is hot today! 
I am also guest blogging today over at @THEflyGirl's blog www.flystylelife.com 
my dadE's birthday today 
Has no memory of what happened today 
via @linuxawy: I have joined the code sprint http://is.gd/Cloc today 
fall out boy on the today show 
got back from camp today  
6 users #followfriday  me today.  but only 2 new followers for me today so far
taking in today before the park is open everyday and i'm working. 
Waiting for my primer to dry so I can fire up the kiln again today!  
Hoping today will be better....and will not forget my phone 
going dress shopping today 
Almost too excited to go home today. We'll see if I can keep focus. 
@inventrix agreed its awesome outside today 
hangouts today again 
@stereophonics http://twitpic.com/5ovwh - You are keeping these coming thick and fast today!  Cheers  xx
@madinaswan I brought your new album today 
graduation ceremony today.. excited 
will post kitten birth pics later today 
@randomblink You don't have too! I am just overly excited about the game today  gives me a reason to have more adult beverages!
www.LiaMack.com - wants to know if you are doing something for yourself today...you deserve it! 
halfday!  today seems like it needs an adventure!
Goodmorning--just woke up...i hope i get good news today 
babysitting by the pool today 
Year 11's left today!  haha! It was hilarious! 
so have i managed to stay off bebo longer than @EWANN_ he went on today and i didn't 
@FairieMoonChild thank you for the #FollowFriday love.  How are you today?
@thebiggerlights are you ready to destroy baltimore today???? cause i am 
@SenseiRAM I plan on bidding as soon as I pick up my paycheck today 
After my old modem passed away today, it's great to be back online with a new one 
Guess who ran 8 miles today 
why am i so tired today... whatever, i'll just blame it on my low iron 
Oh, and 3258 word written today. 
today was uneventfull i need to go on an adventure i think ill head to phoenix arizona tomorrow. 
giving my kitty belly rubs. She missed me lots today! 
boyfriend is happy today-which makes me happy 
so today i rehearsal with A.D.O pretty good songs!! . now we have 4 
Another article up, that's two in queue today!  I'm on a roll. 
my good golly it was hot today at the barn, I rode without shoes 
is looking forward to getting her sunnies out today! 
today was great  off to bed now
Also got my glasses today. I can see perfectly now!!  
I think I got a little tan today at the park!! 
@nerdriot it was nice to see your beeeautiful face today. 
helped out a friend today... costly (in monetary terms) but still, glad to do it. 
Hey i grew a inch today!! 
@CALpumper  You are too kind. I swear, the love I have gotten today is enough to last a lifetime!
Just realised that gss starts today!!!! 
today sort of had its lows. ending on highs though 
Ughhh I'm sleepy but can't fall asleep. But in order to watch my girl @taylorswift13 on the today show at 7... I'm forcing myself 
Hey @leeetle you rule. And you made me smile today 
woke up far too early. back to work today. with cake. 
@thelittlevoice Hahha, no. But he did bring a field mouse to the door today. It is fine 
watching night at museum 2 today at cinema 
totally swam with turtles today. 
had fun on the bus today 
So excited, saw clients today all by myself  simple powers of attorney but still!!
Night!@causticchick @forcedaddiction @mountainkat The three people i talked to the most today 
preparing packages for shipping today! i am my own boss! ...and also my own atchay  21 more to go...back to work
@ScottSharman there must be something in the air. I feel today will be good too 
@djsoundwave1 I got back today.. I brought u a tan back 
Manage to get something from the isetan sale today! hurrah! 
@highgateboy awesome  are you eating out today? I will be at stjohn or lunch 
@ThomasGudgeon always happy to help, will wait for application form later today 
@AerithG7 what up! you seem in a very good mood today 
@JeffJimenezLulu just a stomach bug... spoke to him today and he's just about 100% again 
off to wigan today with my best friend 
Thinks sunbathing is in order today!  x
today is pretty much a write-off.. but i'm cool with that 
@ladybug8320 most definately, u planning much today? 
H.E exam today :-/.....watching jls holiday takeover before i go 
@HartWayne U should chat about #liesgirlstell and #liesboystell on air today. Some funny ones 
@snowydayinjuly thanks man!  should be out later today
