Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 293), ('day', 65), ('days', 16), ('yesterday', 15), ('na', 13), ('time', 10), ('work', 9), ('gon', 7), ('school', 6), ('morning', 6), ('i', 6), ('amp', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Today', 0.9999558329582214), (u'Now', 0.6003261804580688), (u'Yesterday', 0.5607262849807739), (u'Tonight', 0.5474416017532349), (u'This', 0.5337491631507874), (u'As', 0.522800087928772), (u'Todays', 0.5146005153656006), (u'The', 0.5031939148902893), (u'It', 0.4977998733520508), (u'today', 0.49738800525665283)]





@marciachaney So it got to 78 yesterday...tied the record! Today.. about as warm..around 75. It feels like summer! But not for long 
there are days when I am so thankful my daughter goes to her school!!!  Today is one of those days... everything I say has been a fight 
Heading to work..Today is just a repeat of yesterday 
It's can't always be all about the glamourous movie making....  Today is laundry day 
Why is it that someday you look nearly good and the next day you look totally fucked up? Today is the next day 
Today was definitely not as productive as I would have liked 
@josordoni Would you believe it? Today's boot sale  disproved the saying 'One man's trash is another man's treasure. It was all trash. 
Scratch that. Today I feel like I don't want to go back at all 
Just got up, and am now on my way to work. Today is going to be long. 
Today is going to be hell 
The excitement I felt a couple of days ago has waned. Today, with the sun shining, I can't get used to the fact holidays end today 
Today was long and disappointing!  
More work has just been piled on my table! Today is just that kind of day 
Today is going to suck.....really bad 
I am definetly not a fan of the rain.   Today should be pretty laid back though.
Today... I'm tired and sad... I don't know why! 
keeps having a series of bad things continue to happen.  Today is supposed to be a good day!  
im really mourning the fact that i have no friends to hang out with today after a terrible two days. Today is a third terrible day  x
Today is going to be so busy 
@mattchew03 Today was crazy  lol
Studying Today 
Finally going to bed- only to hear my alarm in 2 hours. Today will be a long one.  
last tweet for a week.  what ammi going to do?!?!??! twitter withdrawal  have a great time ladies and i expect loads of vid from Today!!
@serenity74 mornin girl. I dont wanna go to work  wow who sent that pic of the girl at Today show?
@heylegz Yes girl you did. I saw it on the Today show with my own two little green eyes. 
Today was amazing, too short though 
Today was just.....eh 
I feel really bad, this pain is killing me ... because I'm allergic to the ants :S Today I &quot;attacked&quot; xD many                           
@robgt2 curtains open now so yes, tis qhere too! Today is: finish housework, go to tesco, cook dinner. S working today 
gonna take a shower and take a ride to college. Today I'll sleep in class...  for sure!
Today is going to suck really bad. 
I love waking up to avenueq playiiin'&lt;3 Today I want to make myself finish all my makeup work from like 3 weeks ago. Immalazybum 
hi people ...  Today is a day is not as good as expected 
@pim2005 Inspiration is still strangely absent. And it's raining. Today is not turning out to be brilliant 
to collect the laptops so you can imagine how well that is going over.  Today sucks!
yesterday was ruined by work.  Today is ruined by migraine  http://bit.ly/7BUQM
Today is so gloomy 
will be teaching Greography Today 
Today is too busy. I don't like it 
Today I am I'll 
I feel like I have an exercise hangover today: everything aches and I feel exhausted. Today is going to be a long day as well... 
can hear her heartbeat in her ears.  Today is the last day of my life as I knew it.  
Yesterday the weather was ideal for skirts.  Today is not 
@jaybranch it's raining? not where I am which is good cos I wanna sit outside for lunch &amp; read my book! Today's been manic  need massage!
Today was hard  x
Today it's so HOT... 
going to a party tonight with some friends. Today's the last official day of school!!....then finals......   
@petewentz for some reason the sound mixing on Today (via tv) was really off. there was an emphasis on some beat that was rly up tempo 
Days of rest always seem to precede crazy weeks.  Today I barely scratched the surface of my todo list, and I'm a todo list junkie. 
Morning everyone sorry for going early last night had bad news, felt totally crap   Today is a new day
Today = marking *135 
Feeling down again. Today is way too stressful. 
Last night was fun w the lightening and thunder  Today will be in the 90s 
Just got to work  Today is going to be another long ass day!
Bleargh. I can never clean as much of my house as I want to before work, no matter how early I wake up. Today: sink, laundry. 
Today is not going to be relaxing like I hoped. 
@MandyyJirouxx but Today mtv does not allow us to vote 
How is it that my preschoolers can bowl over a hundred when they weigh only 35-40 lbs? Today was there last day for the year. 
Hoping I at least have fun 2nite.  Today was 1 horrible way 2 start off a birthday 
@ElfEnvy Today was the recheck of the ears...still infected.  on another antibiotic and have been referred to an ear, nose, &amp; throat dr.  
wondering why I'm still awake. Today was crazy busy and tomorrow is going to be even busier 
Today was pretty coo.. Now I'm just laying and waiting...  http://twitpic.com/68tkk
Going to the dr. Today   couldn't go to work...ready to feel good again
I Got A Goldfish Today... And It Died. 
Ugh...Today may actually blow. 
Today is too cold!! 
i am invisible Today? 
Today is amazing! I wish i could stay longer 
My dog still don't have puppies.  I'm waking up! Today I gotta do my homeworks and go to the church.
Today is going to suck. I have a wedding to shoot and I'm most definitely sick 
@MaggieKattan it comes&amp;goes. I think I'm doing better &amp; then an area of my lower back gets stiff/sore. Today the right side feels pinched 
Today is being dedicated to homework (but it is so pretty outside) 
Today is starting out horribly 
Home soon and going straight to bed for around 2 hours. Today is going to be hectic. 
At work @gamecrazy yay allergies! Today will not be good! 
is crawling into bed. Today sucked balls 
Ugh, I may have just torn a ligament again. Today had been going so well 
Last week I was on the beach looking at the sea. Today I am on my desk looking at sea of paper 
Maths Exam Today = 
 massive headache, totally have a cold and going to work. Today sucks
@AllisonNazarian It goes very quickly, my friend. Yesterday my daughter was 8. Today she's nearing 23. In a flash they are all grown up. 
Wow Today was hot and sucked coz all the exams today 
Today is going extremely slow 
Today was a bad dayy 
I'm hungry!  I'm sad. Today has been really long. I look like I have cancer.
Today I was accused of turning into a bat 
I napped (on accident) and missed my no food after 5 deadline. Today calls for an extension. I'm hungry 
I'm exhausted. Today was a long and sad day 
I'm actually not laughing right now for once.. Today is a sad day I need some cheercheercheerin up 
@marco_cali haha, okay I will try, but just for you bff ;) Today has been a frustrating day 
Bad News Today 
Why do I keep waking up before my alarm goes off?? Yesterday wasn't bad cause it was 4 minutes before. Today, 15 minutes before! 
Yesterday was amazing!! (:  Today i'm exhausted!!  
Taking one minute to be annoying and emo.  Today was a total shitfest.   Nothing but bad news.
...have you ever just woken up and felt totally fed up?  Today's that day for me!  I don't wanna do anything, see anyone, go anywhere.. 
I feel all bloated and gross and its making me sad.  Today was supposed to be a good day!
Today I feel weird  I don't know what's wrong with me...
Today is already realllllly shitty and it's only 11 
' Today I woke up sad 
Today was mateless because the matemat was empty 
It's fine. Today sucks just because me those things. i dunno if i can see you 
Wtf. Today the power went off at the most unexpected time n came bak in 5 mins. But my work is lost  @annkur
Juliet has to go back to the hospital in the morning for blood work again.  Today was so awful.. She hated it.. I feel so bad 
Today is going to be difficult  ugh
Today was amazing. I cried and laughed and was heartbroken. Today was very sad. 
My baby is growing up... Today is the last day of preschool.  
Today is just plain nasty out 
Today I coudn't see you 
STEPHYYY! Today was a awful day at school 
aaaaAAAAAAHHHHH... Today was Nat'l donut day!! Why didn't I hear about this yesterday??  sad, sad, sad.. 
is gonna make something to eat and then head to bed. Today was extremely boring and I still don't know what's going on with my friend... 
I will go buy new dress @Blazulka96 Today on icq not to be 
@tallazbubba hungover? We like a drink! I managed to slip away last night before midnight, so I'm ok. Today I'll be studying 
@Imarius Today is going to be a bit busy. 
is on the road. Why can't we ever be on time?!?! I swear I used to be 15 min early for everything, routinely. Today, were 2 hours behind 
Today is going to be busy D: I miss @AnIndelibleLove 
Growing up really has its bad days. Today is one of them. 
Today couldn't have been worse. Ughk!!! 
Today might not be so great 
Morning all! Today is bright and sunny but I'm surrounded by the dark grey clouds telling me that it aint gonna last. 
Today is going to be bad. Not looking forward to this 
@MariahCarey Today I skip the gym and now my belly are bubly..... 
Today will be interesting.... I hope it is better then how I feel right now. 
Today us going soooo slopoooow 
Uuuuhhhhhhhhh...!!! Today isn't gonna be such a good day. I miss my friends. 
worked around the house yesterday. Went to a kids birthday party with my daughter. Today: new screen door project. 
I have had plenty of good reasons to tell off my mother.  Today was not one of them... 
Today is cold. 
@JeremyCShipp I hate to be a flake, but I have to wait until tomorrow for your stories.   Today took unexpected turns &amp; got complicated...
Sleeping on the bus to work. Today probably wont be a good one. 
is exhausted... slept like crap. Today's gonna be awesome. 
Today has not started well 
@emarvinney Today!? You're doing it today..? 
Morning, #squarespace? How was your weekend? Today's rainy. 
Is wishing it would stop raining! Today was suppose to be pool day 
@itsJohno Today we were doing a band for every letter of the alphabet but got stuck on x 
Aw man! I woke up to a frozen computer and broken internets. Today seems like it's not my day. 
I am so ready to go dive in the pool! Today is taking forever and everyone is so crabby 
ahh.. Today I woke up at 6 a.m.  i'm soo sleepy (:|
Yesterday... I was tired. Today... I am bored. 
Today was definitely bittersweet, mostly bitter 
@dawe_@vsbmeza @Geldriia @planetdamage  Today is not good for me... 
Today is not good.  but it could improve.... #squarespace
Today it is boring. 
Today is not going to be good, i can already tell 
Working, unfortunately. Today is not going to be a good day 
Watching the Today show while @axisofphilippe showers. I am already getting homesick 
I hurt my back this weekend and thought it'd sort itself out by now. Today I'm cranky cuz it's hard to type while lying on the floor. 
Humidity and rain make my hair  but on the other hand.. Today it is so soft it feels silky &lt;3
wishes she had some cherry beer in the fridge.  Today has been one of those days. 
Most days I'm a damn good parent. Today was not one of those days. 
I just give up. Today has been a complete waste of time. 
@SuperKaylo NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Today is a sad day indeed. 
Me &amp; him don't feel well today... Should've of both stayed in bed  Today will be a long day  ***
My back hurts... Today, I'm wishing I could have another job... more physical than intellectual 
I'm with my daughter at the library. Today would have been my dad's 60 bday! this month has been sucky. I'm so terribly sad. 
Ugh! Today sucked 
Last day of work Today 
Some people are the biggest copycats EVER! Today is not my day 
I'm home. I'm sick.   Today I don't go to school.
3 hours left  Today has gone majorly slow. I am not lovin' it!
There are certain days where i am just totally aware of how single i am... Today is one of those days. 
Leaving L.A. Today 
Today is already dragging and its only 945!!!!!  
I zoomed by turtle a few days ago.  Today I zoomed past roadkill.  
 poor roo. Today is not going well for him.
@DwightHoward it's weird that you say  that! Today was my friends funeral... He passed away serving in the army 
@ThisIsBob Today's been boring without you 
@AlexC92887 Today is international sushi day. I'm sad that we are not celebrating with Hapas 
Today was brutal 
Going to bed soon. Today was ok good storms got my car banged up by a storm  but will fix it.
@jonaskevin @nickjonas goodluck tomorrow on the Today show! I wish i could be there, but i got my internship on the upper east side 
So glad I'm heading to bed. Today was not a fun day. 
Today I will be mainly coding 
Today has come to fast 
@seblefebvre @dannymcfly Today is my b-day and i'm feeling so bad you guys are doin' concerts today and i'm not going to any of them 
Today I am not going to see smackdown 
I hella wanna walk out today.. Today is a bad day for me.!!! 
Oh boy, I can feel it in the air. Today is gonna suck big time.  I'm not in a happy mood already 
@Blogsdna wow... m floored. Today I have to customize blogger template for my friends, they ar little confusing 
Today raining.... 
@adychou yeah or a life transplant the hubs woke up in a pissy mood and so did my oldest. Today should be freaking grand 
Late to work! Today will be a long day 
@kris_lauren I'm moving. Today's gonna suck. 
Today is not going as planned 
@Cherye101 Today would have been my sisters birthday  Having a bad day. How are you? xoxo
@Mainyu Today is just not your day.  I'm sorry.
Does anyone know anything about turkey chicks?  Today there has been sadness on the farm  
I got up. Today is pour 
Ugh. Today basically sucked  Hopefully if i get a better nights sleep tonight tomorrow will be better.
@Euugenia Today, demi was replieing (?) messages. I tried but she didn t replie me. 
Today would have been so much easier had joe been here. 
Today I will be mainly doing the ironing 
My only twit for the day! Today should be a loooooooong day 
Depressed Today. 
Last night was fun. Today I don't think is going to be the same... working 11am to 12:15 am 
good morning all!! Today kinda suxs gotta wrk cant spend the day with daddy. 
one eye on the bath. Today was boring asss. tommorrows gunnna be worse though, isnt it? 
@newsjunkie60 had to deal with criticism from family felons about how I am raising my son. Today has not been a good day my friend. 
@cynicalvillain no one to help. Today 
I burnt my fingers  Today is stupid, I want to go to bed.
So much for even getting ready this morning, i thought i was going somewhere today but i guess not. Today sucks. 
Today did not go like i planned it 
@NikkiFbabyy Today, the filed for a divorce  :/
Today has not been successful.... 
Today... Bioestatistics. 
Transformers tommorow! Today work 
Today was really boring...and so shall be 2moro  xxx
Ugh. Today is an insane day. And it's not over until. 11  definitely need to find a better job!
Today has been hectic. I really should have slept more 
Today has been so long! 
Today has been good but also kind of sucky. 
Yesterday I was sick and lonely. Today I'm spending all day driving around alone. Yay summer 
Hey, hey, hey! Today's my last day!!!! 
grandparents just left. Today has been good, in a good mood. 
Today will do 
Today was pretty chill. It was very relaxing. 
Saturdaaay, Today party partyy! that's nice  goodbyee people! have a good night!
I am so tired! Today was good 
@Katieschultz thank you so much!! Today was an awesome day!! I had so much fun!!  
morning  had a longish sleep in til now on this last day of my hols! b/f was up at 5am for 12hrs O.T bless him. Today  be housework
Just gettin home. Today was a freakin great day!!!!   
@staroflondon sounds like a sensible plan to me! Today for me involves driving to maidstone to see my aunt and nick some dinner from her 
finally away, christina is still sleeping, going make some breakfast and apply for some jobs! Today im going to be productive 
mmm breakfast and working time. Today we get a bit of landscaping done. 
@mrssweetness2u Today 
Just went for a run, first one in too long. I have a goal to train for and complete a triatholon one day. Today was a good start 
Off to work it is once again... Today is going to be the start of a fun week! Two whole-day product trainings this week! 
@eirinmcghee Thanks, champ. Today's is one of my favourites. 
back to school -.-' i really hate have class in my sweet afternoons. Today, im so happy, that my heart hurts. 
@teratuten she's a cute pain in the butt! she likes to get up every 1-3 hours during the night  Today is her first doctor's appt.
@teetee31 Am feeling grand hun just a wee bit tired though lmao . Today is gonna be nice blue skes warm sun   I love it xx
@TannyaJoaquin  Today was the first time I watched @i9News.  I enjoyed it! 
@greekdude  thank you. Today is kartini's bday, she is a hero of woman emancipation in indonesia
I am so sick right now it sucks. Today was finally sunny but all my peeps wanted to be inside. I hope this summer is warm and sunny 
I get to see one of my besties everyday next year  Today was officially a great day.
@Zeruda86 Today's picnic day for us too 
A few years ago I owned the domain exyll.net (my nickname) and I lost it. Today I am the owner again of my nostalgic domain 
@GemmaCocker : I am hoping it gets to the 80s (F) soon here! Today has been better than the last 2-3 days, but....still needs improvement 
Today we buy paint! 
Today is #hoppusday 
Goodmorning twitter bugs.. happy monday to you all! Today marks my first official day at my first fulltime job.. time to get ready! 
Starting class. Today we start MediSoft. 
@nuttychris I need to separate you and your sister @ComedyQueen  Today the role of evil aunt is being played by me!
 Yayz! Today's is the day I call and see if I got that job! x3 I ish so happy... even though I slept horribly... So I'm kinda drained...
@dolliesierra Awwh....well at least you are up top, where the magic happens!  Today will be a good day, no worries.
If you save these pix from the Today show please credit www.wireimage.com Thanks 
Today was eventful... 
movie then sleep! Today was good day  [{H!--D3ff}]
Today is not lost 
Going to bed. Today was another good, if uneventful day. 
My dad's drunk off his ass. Today was successful. 
@RevRunWisdom spent the weekend w/mom &amp; aunts. Today its breakfast, prayer and pampering. I have a wonderful mom &amp; aunts in my life 
Watching family guy with heath!  just got off of the phone with my mom. Today has been good!
Today was truely amazing 
Working on newsletters and wallpapers yesterday. Some things to ease the mind with I guess. Today, redesigning our e-store. Funtimes 
Morning all! Today already 1000 times better than yesterday. On a good day, best beloved and myself are like a well oiled machine... 
Today is going to be so lovely. 
@deafmom Just the usual conquering the world. Today is a great day for planting flowers. Wish I had someplace to do that. 
I come into to work for a half day and there's a woot-off? Today is looking good. 
@Amadeasoetrisno tp,krn lagi 'sick in the head',jadinya postponed. Today,should be done,bsk,senin,will be released  km designer?
Morning. Today will be great ! 
woke up, hair looks like total fucking shit, came down made tea, got funky white shit it, and essays to do. Today better get better 
@miizronnie It was good, really! We laughed a lot I don't remember when I had that much fun and laughter last time  Today is just calm lol
Gmorny everyone! Today will be beautiful 
Finally made it to brick lane for breakfast bagels... Today has been somewhat rock 'n roll, I'm a happy bunny 
Today was fun 
morning campers. Today is going to be more productive than yesterday  !
3 more days of school! Today...drama and english finals. i didnt read the crucible so now i have to sparknote it haha  wish me luck!
i LOVe going to bed as everyone else is just getting up.  Today was an amazing day filled with amazing people. .
And btw. Today is my 19th bday 
I woke up this morning, checked my e-mail, and got 2 more offers from short-term summer jobs. Today will be a good day. 
@ariadnna Thanks girrrrrrl , yeah 14 days I love youu ! Today I'll send you the letter with the book oooh yeees 
Today will be amazzzing! 
Yesterday was a day of beach, bumming, and beer. Today I make up for it in shipping hell...then more bumming tonight 
TGIF! Today is a wonderful day! 
Today is lovely 
I`m up i`m UPPPPPPPPPPP! Today is the day 
Today was very productive 
In the office again. Today the public transport was ok 
I go to sleep!! Until tomorrow twitters... Today was a good day  think...
For the first time in 2 days my jaw isn't cracking when I open my mouth Yayyyy  Today is gonna be a good day.
