Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 561), ('yesterday', 72), ('tomorrow', 45), ('na', 38), ('morning', 25), ('twitter', 25), ('lol', 15), ('friday', 13), ('am', 11), ('u', 10), ('sunday', 6), ('saturday', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'today', 0.9768792390823364), (u'tomorrow', 0.7018935084342957), (u'yesterday', 0.6706424355506897), (u'Thursday', 0.6129592061042786), (u'Monday', 0.6115134358406067), (u'Wednesday', 0.608156681060791), (u'Friday', 0.6042420268058777), (u'Tuesday', 0.5955042839050293), (u'tommorrow', 0.5521008968353271), (u'thursday', 0.5410869717597961)]





argh ive eaton so so much today 
Should really go to sleep so i can get up early tomorrow (well today now) 
Man today is going sooooo slowly today 
how is it that i am more heart broken about 5* today then yesterday!!!! 
i get to work again today and tomorrow! i'm so lucky... 
@sydneohhh aww  no its not hot at all! today it was supposed to get up 2 70 but it only got up 2 65 and on monday it going to be 40 out!
@Wizbeff I wanna go record shopping today! 
arg, might go home early today... not feeling so hot 
just hangin out... I gotta do some cleaning today... 
Its really hot today! I dont think I'm gonna do anything today 
@AthenaATL so it didn't come today.  hopefully monday?
is so incredibly exhausted it isn't even funny. I hope I talk to you tomorrow... since I didn't today 
I have to leave devon today 
aaron is not feeling the best today 
feeling pretty ill today  just wonna go bk to sleep
Up and at em...I didn't eat clean yesterday and definitely feel it today 
Lovely weather today, should have had my bbq today 
hanging out with the sis today. It's rainy, though 
doesnt want to go bac to toronto today 
thought today was saturday. 
it's cold out today, i miss florida 
Is feeling gutted after today's announcement 
@EverybodyKiss mai is a meano today 
is wondering what chris is doing today and when he does back to uni, he is missing him 
@maria250389 be grateful, I go back today 
is just hoping she'll make it through today and tonight. it's just gonna be so hard 
I dont think today will be as nice as yesterday was 
after working untill gone 5:30 yesterday today has not been much better  why so busy? WHHHYYY
Not feeling well today  hopefully I feel better tomorrow.
i didn't get to see him today  and i won't see him tomorrow. but i'll see him sunday.
Struggling to finish Mechanical Sciences syllabus today..... 
Gardening today (and yesterday) 
SATS today 
Sans hat today 
Yesterday it was sunny and today its raining 
where are my saturday secrets?  i have to work today, thisissogay.
had to wake up at 5 am today  had to go to airport.........
@ZeRyan66 please upload today 
today is sunday, but i have to work 
finally home. double shift today at wrk it was horribe. wrkd 11hrs total today 
@tommcfly i want starbucks today 
Watching the logies. Cannot move from today 
working today and tomorrow. boo 
@MTVindia i think param is likely to be dumped today 
@Sunshineday4198 it was yesterday  today its not  http://www.discoverytoyslink.com/michelemarchetti
morning all! i'm off today, so i wke up at 630! not fair 
my feet still hurt from yesterday   going out again today
&quot;butterfly fly away&quot; ~ leaving today 
listening to music...can't go sunbathing today 
@Fearnecotton i've been working since 2.30 yesterday, don't finish until 3 today 
So sore today from  mulching yesterday. 
I'm still in bed and I'm sick  Updates on www.ifuseekmusic.com later today..
i realllllly don't wanna go today. 
feeling weak today  http://plurk.com/p/sv282
@Crastking as in today?  I'm working til 5 today   Xoxoxo
Realising trying to yesterday was stupid, and now suffering. very slow today 
lily allens in swindon today 
morning ... just noticed I seriously slept in today 
@GazeboInfo this is true but i'm very sick today!  luckily i celebrated yesterday before i got sick. 
Still awake from yesterday. I have a feeling today is going to go by reeeal fast 
missed sunday mass today. 
@JellyKnuckles i did that too.  how're you today mr?
had good fun with megan yesterday... not feeling good today 
getting ready to go to work! ah it's only gonna be like 60s today 
twitter seems quiet today... 
@TamsinEmillie I was fine until around two today and it's come back. I was happy and thought it was just a bug  but still be in tomorrow
The lakers got killed today 
@NatashaAnnmarie i jus got bck today so tired 
is awake. i got up today unink mondays! but its coudier today 
gah, i can't seem to type properly today 
didn't get the dvd today either 
Still on the ship from yesterday and hoping to leave somewhat early today! 
@PembsDave im poorly today mate, i dont think there will be any Ripstiking today 
youtube is not working for me today. 
says I woke up late today ...  http://plurk.com/p/u98bb
Yesterday was exciting. hah... But today wasn't 
I wanna hang out today 
Prettty cold out today  dying my hair today? text mee.
No kitten today  hopefully it pulls threw tomorrow.
@DaisyOfLove I watched it today at 11! It was awesome. I can't believe london. 
@csheppardrun Thanks! I'll stop at our Macstore tomorrow... they're closed today 
hi   we lost netball 2 - 0 , on saturday :0  but today we won hockey 3 - 1 today
@carlaloo Aww meeeeen! I was gonna do that today. Can you just do it for me? 
@Chipmunkartist argh i got one today aswell! 
Exams today! 
Yay, not late today!!!  But I'm still going to need to get up earlier tomorrow 
today is such a monday. 
Goood morning. It's going to be hot today. yay 
Starts work today 
has only seen one slug so far today 
leaving new york today 
was playing a funny show yesterday, but has headache today 
@eBeth unfortunately it's me that pongs today 
@CheeseKakie It's more painful today than it was yesterday. It's sunny today, too but I can't go outside. 
*yawwwwnnnn* i already haz headache. i have a feeling today won't be like wednesday.  
today is techinically my last friday 
@SugaKisses Wish I could do that today, it's overcast here today  grrrrrrr stupid clouds xx
forgot fob was on today today 
It is sooooo ugly outside today! What a friday!!! 
i have to go in to work early today  fml.
so. today was...incredibly horrible. or at least...i felt incredibly horrible. bah 
Dammit, I forgot I have to wake up early tomorrow (today) 
sleeeeeeep...working 12-8:30 tomorrow(today?) 
semwebbers are really quite today. Must be a conference going on that I'm, again, not able to attend. 
tried to 'bing' today.. not operational in australia yet 
has today off! But has to work tomorrow 
i didnt post my new song today  i will try and post tomorrow!
Yesterday I didn't do much because I was just lazy, but today I don't feel so good. 
@g1mm34d my bad. I thought you were talking about today 
its was pretty and cloudyy today! i like it makes me miss california 
facebook is being really slow for me today 
I'm totally blur today and yesterday 
i have to study today... and tomorrow... 
@lifesacookie18 ha i will try too  ... tho fiona is in today  i am so tired
netball was cancelled again today 
my twitter is sooo slow today!!! 
it's roasting again today! suncream is definately getting slapped on today, got sunburnt yesterday 
moving today and without internet til thursday 
now i cant go to new york today  
I can't believe I gotta to work today 
I don't wanna work today!! 
argh. giro is on delayed telecast today. 
I soooooo don't wanna go to work today. 
Is leaving salem today  but turns 19 tomorrow !
@emesola facebook and @twitter are sucking today.  
@perrythebirman all anipals *sob today perry~ 
lex, mackenzie missed you today. 
Has yet to go to sleep today and has to go to work tonight 
@nelle00 got it for 2.66 today 
iinet in indooroopilly is playing up today 
Wow, twitter is quiet today. 
@summaiya i never knew u had twitter! and they lost today  so sad!
@oohsoofreshmo How'd it go today? I wasn't even by the tv to watch earlier 
just being busy on the pc today... 
@TraceCyrus I really wanted to go there yesterday! If I didn't have a test today, I could go 
I watched marley and me today... Honestly the ending made me cry 
the mac is fricking slow today 
edinburgh was amazing! was so sunny! the same in abdn today! lizzy left yesterday, i miss her already! its so boring without her 
@tommcfly you shouldnt leave rio today 
I feel much better today. I'm still stressed out though; just because of yesterday. I'm so tense. I have to get ready for soccer. 
I don't wanna work today  I well.
slacked off yesterday. can't go out to play with my friends today. mom was right.  don't put off til tomorrow what you can do today 
i realllllly don't wanna work today 
packing. sad to be leaving california today 
I'm probably gonna be doing some crying today! 
can't believe i've not spoke to emily today! what if she's not on tomorrow either? 
@LsRccrd sizemore and betancourt to the dl today! 
I don't think I tweeted very much today! I'm fasting so I'm very cranky!! I wish I didn't have to go to work 2morrow!! I feel sick 
Maths exam today 
It's raining today  I just hope it would be as sunny as yesterday! *hmm* .. at least it's easier to study then  ..
sitting out having a fag, wishing i had today off 
I'm not allowed outside today. I got too burnt yesterday 
I am a little sore today probably bc I party too hard and drink too much 
Yesterday was a blast, but, today, I can barely walk 
Maths today was turnful lol 
No bball today 
hungry and today isn't as awesome as yesterday... 
@Daniellejx i had to go for an x-ray today  haha, it was scaryyyy
@sakixry Thanks, but I don't know if it's going to work today  #maureenjohnson
@laurenruth YES! Wish i could do the same today 
Feeling quite low today, gah 
@Dannymcfly  bruce is today in the netherlands and you missed him 
I REFUSE to work 12hrs today. 
@MagicMike really? i haven't noticed.... barely been on twitter today 
i don't really wanna go to class today 
havent tweeted today 
on friday i was almost at 60 followers. today, i am down to only 50  do you guys not like me??
@EzOnTheEyez wassupppppppno bbm today 
victoria is off today 
tweeters where are you today?? 
IS BORED....twitter is sooo quiet today 
Ahh the preformance today was horrible. 
@_rosieposie /patpat - I'm sorry   I hope tomorrow is better than today!
I had a blast today...I don't wana go to work tmrw!! 
ran out of money after yesterday.........  what can I do today?
good morning! I have the ortho today  what you all doing?
bb would have been playing today ... 
I don't wanna go to work today 
iam late today !!!!  
Bit down today. 
@henryandjayne not today  up friday - you in town then?
just hopes today is better than yesterday 
why do i feel more tired today than i did yesterday 
Doesn't look like Elitches is happening today, nor climbing tomorrow... 
@jo_2699 That's all I have for today. 
@JeffMajorz logged on to aim for you today but you werent online 
french listening today 
not so sunny today here in kent 
i am sick today.  &lt;3
may be on and off twitter today 
I'm tired today this morning. 
am stressed out today 
Teamviewer is being an asshole today! trying to help @nw306 And It Fails 
@DonnieWahlberg my daughter turned 15 today feeling old today 
how come i thought it was friday.. i turned off my alarm and went back to sleep.. no auditiion for me today 
2 hr long shower.. now getting back in bed... feeling really sick today 
it seems to be un-follow friday for me today 
am leaving today... 
twitter is so boring today 
@Priskillet but what about mee?  I don't count? &amp; why didn't you go today?
twitter was void of @yenaffit today 
Running tomorrow is going to suck. I ate too much junk yesterday and today and I am up too late 
@shari58 I feel weak today dear... 225 feels like 275 today LOL  so shame
totally got owned at netball today 
really don't wanna go to work today 
is too mentally knackered to look for cock today 
twitter seems empty today 
sat testing today at eight. at least, i think it's at eight.  i don't wanna go!
@MrsJoeJonas2294 LOL I feel bad 4 u  so wat r u doing today
so bored... what am i going to do today ? 
We have family coming over so...what am i doing today? Cleaning 
What should i do today. It feels like it's going to be boring. I thought today was sunday 
espresso machine broke today 
chatting on msn, today is sooo boring 
@dudezo no eve yet today. 
They only had black ones yesterday, and today they didn't have any. 
i forgot today was the 6th.... 
I woke up late today. 10 am 
@javin32  I found out today you have a twitter...lol
Totally missed snl today. 
I really wish @melsaysphatdick wasn't leaving tomorrow...er - today. 
i don't wanna do schooool today, but i have to 
shitfuckdickwankerr. why am i so angry today. eugh 
Laying in bed with @ResaReese...she's gotta leave today. 
@xxloolooxx any vide cnverter it was quick bbut not today 
perhaps auditioning today, and definitely watching the yankees!!! I'm hoping today is better for my team then yesterday 
i missed mass today what will i do now 
MGT I miss you guys terribly. Especially today. 
my friendss officially leave me in highschool today!  going to watch them graduate! 
i don't want to function today.. but i probably should. gah. yesterday sucked. and i miss alissa 
@BlueEyedGirl18 working yesterday studying today- how dull LOL 
The interweb is boring today 
Competition today was disappointing !  could have done better!!
I swear that today I can not!  do not be mad please 
@miyam aww  come today! I'm with jane n q.
Why is today dragging on soo long? 
HAIL // i don't want today to end 
@iamthekingjames Just today off  - I worked yesterday *booo*
@sally_field  wishes today was tuesday or better still friday 
i wanna get thru today... 
eurrrgggh the worldhates me today and this includes wikipedia 
@bethiesee me too  had one today today that was hideous and one tomorrow morning that is also going to be horrible... but then i'm done!
@giannabanzon gianna! i didnt see you today!  maybe tomorrow 
why am I still awake? It's almost 5 in the morning! I didn't exercise today. 
@drealoveslife i feel sick today too  xxxx
@sammi_jade morning girlie!! hows u? up to much today? the weathers crap here today  xx
Finals today  I don't know if I can function after tubing yesterday.
urgh so not feelin well today, was so sick yesterday i think i have a bug 
got some of my results today... not good... 
I had to much sun yesterday during the boat races, paying for it today 
@jordan0rly LOL no it wasn't me  but I was tempted to go by today actually!
Completely sun burned from yesterday. So bad I feel ill today 
i diDn't enjoy my firSt cLass today..  but i hope tomorrow i will.. 
arg... i want to stay and bed and read today... but that's not going to happen 
arg... i want to stay in bed and read today... but that's not going to happen 
Holy shit I am sooooo tired today  too much aion.
good morning all ... doing some laundry today 
@kudanmarco yup.. Just happen today without any warning or announcement.. 
No chicken adopting today. I have to wait until tomorrow. 
@chantehhs Yeahh I'm so so sick.  But at least today I feel better than yesterday.
I hear thunder I don't want to go to work today 
allison is leaving today.  
i'm free to concentrate on tunisiaaaaa now! even if robert has made me feel so guilty about it today 
@kevinlove21 I'm going to buy it tomorrow, 'cause today it was sold out.. 
Ouch ligtning and thunder again. Only 3:20 training today 
@edrease I was reading about that online today but they didn't say it was 7 
Heckof want to hang out with joey today. 
@tootise86  i really wanted twitter to be close today lol
YAY!!! i can see today's!!! i just can't see yesterday's still  oh well.
brother left for iraq today. 
Test week starts today. Nooooooooooo!!  today dutch, economics &amp; french 
morning all it's too sunny to go to work today!!!! RUBISH 
Exams today  scaredddd!!
media exam today 
is not looking forward to media today 
just woke up, today is going to be adventurous, i can feel it already. I want starbucks 
Really heavy eyes today. Couldn't sleep as it was so hot and I was worrying about today! 
I guess i'll go to sleep now at 7 am. It's going to be cloudy today. I won't be sleeping outside. 
meh, I guess today I'll go to sleep early 
@branhead4lyfe me too. I wanna lay back in my bed. But if I do, I failed today. 
u kno how i said i'd sleep in today? well, i got the opposite of tht. i woke up at 5:30. it was hrrbl. 
craap missed my last phv jag today 
feeling rather sad today. i miss jeff badly and won't get to see him before saturday. 
I thought today was wednesday 
@dapose YES!! I didn't tell you? I'm leaving today 
ugh i got my dot today  june 16 9
@Hazeleyes536 no he's gotta go back today 
How do i still have 8more hrs working today? 
doesn't wanna go back to work today 
today is my aniversary!!! but i hav to keep studing 
And shit today allso a speedticket for 136 euro!! 
@Rojanlovesyou I agree, yesterday should be today!!!!!  you should come to sweden when they are there 
totally overdid it yesterday...paying for it today    ouch.
i think i just bombed bio  i really hope i dont have to retake it..1 more today and thursday..
@endlessblush I feel the same today and yesterday 
@fallinfromstars :O I won't be able to talk to you tomorrow will I? You got piano!! :'( And I havn't spoken to you today either!!! 
i don't remember yesterday at all and i slept almost all today. 
I feel like brooke right now  i hate today.
- @CHRISDJMOYLES you and me both I woke up at 5am today and couldn't get back to sleep 
my nan didn't even want to hug me today because i am sick 
@heatherezell You too?! I had a horrible one both yesterday and today. 
good morning. don't wanna go to work today 
thought it was thursday today! 
@Heromancer Srry the chat didn't go as you wanted it yesterday  If you want we can try again today.. but only if you want to ;)
It is rainning in glasgow today 
thinking of my nan today. 2 years ago today we lost her.  very sad. she was truly inspirational to me. i miss her x
i have my bio final today 
Exams today...tired from studying 
@g6ssn Lovely weather today! 
I don't wanna work today. At least its only 12 - 5 
today should go pretty fast.. bummer the crosstown classic was postponed yest 
i think cityhall was really sad today 
So i guess today's not going to be any better than yesterday. 
@boxercab ty ... seems it's sticking with me today. 
i don't even know what's going on, mayyyybe with taylor? today sucked 
haven't been feelin any tweetlove from my tweeps today  today was a fail....
good morning!! i wish i could skip working today 
@Txtmeplzsenior no  @rosababylol is going to costa rica... not today though
finally home. today was fun! i wanna go out still tho. 
Just getting ready to go to bed, hope today turns out better than yesterday 
I completely failed at twitter today 
I wish tomorrow could be like today.  i wish everyday could be like today.
@Filmstalker You're really having an arse of a morning today 
aww cj, its rainning today too 
I wanna sleep some more I don't want to go to work today 
Shots today 
the high will be 95 today. 97 tomorrow 
im on homestandby today not knowing if i have to fly today so i cant do much or go anywhere 
@daniela_k #sushiday!! I don't think I will get any today though...   I had some on sunday at least, if only it was #sushiweek....
do I want to go out today......honestly , no . will I go out today.....most likely , yes 
Ive kept thinking its friday today, I'm quite upset I have to go to work again tomorrow 
@neledebonne @ninadulce96 @mercurio3 i know...it just don't like working with it..im postponing major today... It's due monday tho.. 
so does not want to work today, or tomorrow, orrr Saturdayyyyy 
@peterfacinelli.....this is so messed up...yesterday you had at least 400,000 followers and now today you've got a little over 200,000 
My sis is leaving today! 
twitter is very quiet today. it's not funny 
@thedustball I broke down today, i could not put off the cheez-it cravings anymore 
@littlemumma have fun darling, I still don't have my results back yet hey  hoping today xxx
I ended up running anyways, yesterday. 5 miler.. *probably* not running today... haha. Today really sucks, though, so I want to. 
I don't wanna go to work today 
@staceybear_ me too! ;D mine cut out yesterday too  but its all good today.. so far. whats up staceyyy?
so...as i have heard...kobe was at dland today and i was not...sighhh 
today has sucked unbelievably bad. i miss alissa  tomorrow will be better.
My mexicans graduate today and go home! Lots of crying today I'm sure 
gah messed up my presentation today 
2 Exams today 
I felt better yesterday than I do today. 
hoping today is better than yesterday 
i have a feeling today is going to be a long friday... 
ugh i feel so louzy today  luckly i dont have anything i need to get done today.
i woke up thinking that today was saturday  
I was gonna do some filming today... but it's raining 
really wanted to sleep in today, but ended up waking up at 9 ugggggg...im tired.......i have nothing to do today..boring 
doesn't wlreally wan to work today or tommorow ugh 
@jamesbaines I missed you today  xxx
FRIDAYYYYYYY!!!!!! ...  today is not gonna be A friday.
I've been neglecting twitter today 
Oh good lord. Can today just be over? 
off to sydney today, and again tmr 
@ashleymiranda1 lol iphone.. :-/ lol i want the new one that came out today.. 
#dontyouhate when you find out that today is not yesterday anymore... 
arghhhh mcfly today  no twitter all dayyy 
Not feeling the best today, might have to cancel tonights parting 
just went tp southy nm today.. it was actually pretty boring as always 
does not want to go to work today, and im not even working with the fishe today  
Feeling very low today tweeps  xoxo
shattered, and i have so much to do today! I havent even been on the treamill yet  xxx
twitter doesn't work to well for me today 
@Amyk1nz I know!!!  what are you doing today???
ugh.... 8am  have to work from 930-330 today.
@zen_surfer we should be surfing today... this makes me sad 
Tired after today  relaxing tonight I think!
i want to be in dallas sooo badly today. 
I wanted to go to the rally today, but it is raining 
@LiJueun lol. today i couldnt go bk to sleep though 
@caronlindsayf1 not kept up with twitter today so missed them 
missed #squarespace entry yesterday   here it is for today!
sopose to have a bbq today but is kind of rainy... I fell sad 
@Reese4PEACE awww raisah, i was rly bummed today  i misss you so much !
I lost 8 games in total for yesterday and today! 
@lilfotoman lOls i just got your twitter i am packing today  you??
went and looked at a new tv today. found one that i loved but it was $300. 
I think he's not gonna be online today 
@andreamona it was today. Thanks for noticing 
@jacky_ds they were both in ojai today! 
@hockeyband why cant you come to norway today instead of tomorrow? 
has got to revise today!!!!  miami sooooon 
is cooking a bbq for 180 today 
wow, yesterday/today was so awesome, i'm gonna miss you guys 
Leaving london today 
Yesterday went fast, today is going faster that means tomorrow is gonna fly 
@WetBankGuy if it makes you feel any better...i have to fix a stored proc today....one i've never looked at before 
Not feeling so good  so a really lazy sunday today!
I think overworking yesterday has made me sick today 
michael has to work again today  i am so bummed for him
@Talitaalves oow dear, i know but hey come here today \o/ amanda forgot it 
I don't wanna work today 
@macNC40 that makes me sad. I thought I'd get to see u today since we kept missing each other yesterday 
On a double today, double tomorrow. 
@crudsbigsis won't be able to make it, today  definitely will swing by, tomorrow
I know exactly where I'd be today if it wasn't for @DonnieWahlberg and the guys..sorry if I sound down today, but its bc I am 
Going to have bad news tomorrow that I can't talk about today. 
@notoriousflirt lol...not today   only with myself...on the down-low. but am a little tired today...
@butterflyylost is that every tues? can't go today 
actually wishes she was at greek right now. today has been boring 
Working today, didn't get up for my walk today  now I'm cranky and tired...
I was feeling sad today. I don't wanna understand everything that I'm understanding 
@srsly_shannon not today or tomorrow? 
Slowly getin ready for vbs later. I was right, today has been awful 
@tb_bratt didn't know you work today....   
Really really reallyyy don't wanna go today 
julian james wilde couldn't shoot today 
i don't wanna work today 
Too tired to tweet today...  nite
@lilredbite damn, u shd have just taken mine today ... 
I really don't wanna work today 
After yesterday's dougnut splurge... it's back to porridge today... 
bad bad morning really peeved today 
shoping today .. shame its not as sunny as it was yesterday 
twitter is slow today 
Really doesn't wanna go to work today 
Gooood morning..i have to do some cleaning today, unfortunately 
hey 10 clicks so far today now but  no sales! however this is 1 click more then yesterday, so it is up.
So nit feeling well today 
@sotwitty Not gonna happen today. 
@Chubbx Goooooood morning, Chubbx  how are you today?
Yay tomorrow i get to do today all over again! 
going to pick up @30comau in a sec its our anniversary today 
Weeeeeeh It's almost tomorrow today! 
Morning! I hope today is as great as yesterday I laughed until I couldnt breath 
It is am absolutely beautiful morning today 
I am feeling particulary Scottish today.  Lets see what comes out of my geggy today.  
learnt the ryanair safetey demo today 
UHUU today is saturday  MEETING in masp
@shelleyforsberg have fun with dev today. 
I am so planning on doing NOTHING today. lol 
@TheMightyZeke yah i guesssss  how r u today?
confirmation today !! 
Hoping that NOTHING going right today so far means that tomorrow will go FAWLESSLY! 
Hoping that NOTHING going right today so far means that tomorrow will go FLAWLESSLY! 
@HenrietteDD u too cutie  me likey u  u wanna come over today? pleeease pleSE PLEASE!
still thinking about the F1 gp today. that was pretty crazy 
thrilled with oc today for being this gorgeous 
Photoshoot today ! 
initiation today. 
@ebs1132 thank you  how are you doing today?
@dawn_16 how was today? what did i miss? did u miss me?? 
I totally forgot it's 420 today  @shane_86 where are you going?
@JMKit yup!  will send you mail later today.  
if all goes well today, i'll be packing on friday. 
@tommcfly are you going to be on t4 today ? lol  wb x
working at the special olympics today until noon 
Gets to chill with kristen today 
@BoulderCoaching I needed this one today! Thanks.  
 today is beautiful  &lt;3
slept in today ...just waking up ...had too much fun last nite!  
okaaay!!! im ready for today!! excited about class today 
good morning all. going to take it easy today 
I make a dvd .. I look today 
@biiapitaanga Thanks!  What we will do today?
@rileysteele good morning  what are u doing today?
@DaliLama13 - its monday today 
@anibas48 hey suga!  how's twitter tweatin u today?
'Allo there twitter  how are we today?
Is off to watch arsenal v chelsea today 
@_sophielouise  Thankyou!! How are you today?  xxxx
so how is everyone tonight?? what did yall do today ?? 
no more editing 4 today... it's a long one!  www.accesototal29.blogspot.com ;)
I might finish my website today! 
@VioletsCRUK morning !!! How r u today?? 
No school today  We have today and tomorrow off  whiii 
today I'll start ... with ... management ... 
@lgfuad87 tell of about it . But today is lighter than yesterday . 
@Palomark had fun walking thru btown today.  
Photoshoot went great today! I'm rather pleased 
today was amazing  &lt;3333
@JoshTCIB ahah warped tour is gonna be so funnn. and today was great 
right, it's raining but let's see if I can be as productive today as I was yesterday 
horribly quiet today on twitter 
Hoping that today is better then yesterday. I must do whatever it takes to get out of my apt. 
Would be great to get a reply from a famous tweeter today 
@bobcox Deliberately only slept for about 4hrs today, so shouldn't throw me out too much I hope! 
SO happy today  ... cleaned some of me house and now getting ready for CkubWebb and then HOPEFULLY more fun tonight!!!
Wow ! really quite  on twitter today. 
back to home, today i went to the ceremony every sunday i go 
@Leighdav congrats on joining. i went back today... after my extended sabatical.. 
chinese food today....yeeeiiiiii 
@hijas I forgot..will bring it tomorrow..but I listened to it today morning.. 
@lates I'll check it out today, really should get up now! Lol 
Maths today, I am very very very excited 
good morning  ... thinking what to do today!
@AliBee16 *waves* good morning  How are you today?
says 3 mths is today  http://plurk.com/p/ujea8
@Tandrahhh what are you doing on today in florida? 
@rebecca878 lol, well i hope it gets better for you soon  anywho, what have you been doing with yourself today then? x
i woke up to my beautiful girls face today... i can tell today will be good 
hows everyone doing today 
@holohos hehehe... cute la u...  today i standby
good mornin'  I definitely slept in today...it was nice.
I agree  @shailgohel @priyaflorence @ceetee @raghuonrails @frankinsmoke...we can make #v2powercut trending topic today
@iLoxy morning! How are you today? 
@jonisno Have fun! I am flathunting today! What iz destroytwitter? How do i get it? 
Off to bonny scotland today, should be good 
Thanks for today  asiknya karaokean !
Awards day today 
No boss today  This is the best friday ever!
@AmyriadfthINGs have to run an errand.that's all for today.so i'll be able to be online today. what about you? how's your friday looking? 
@andyhart today better than yesterday, then? it IS friday 
@spaulds1 good morning, how are you today? 
@MtnLaurel I looked but haven't found it yet ... it might be too soon?  maybe later today... One HOPES!  
today is going to be fun and yay lakers lost 
At dylans, mixing for the ep today 
@maegmurphy What are you doing today? Can we do something like today or tomorrow maybe? 
so collddd. my free tshirt arrived today 
@cotieno hello my tweeter that never sleeps.  feeling good today?
@LeafandGrape couldn't be there today but maybe we can meet next tuesday 
had so much fun today altho it was raining  i want to be with you more &lt;3
Its such a beautiful morning today. Just makes you wanna smile... 
going to get nicolas fish today then me and her are camping tonight  x
HOT!  Lets play Hawaiian today... ))
