Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 829), ('weather', 277), ('rain', 187), ('sun', 147), ('day', 42), ('sunshine', 41), ('raining', 26), ('warm', 26), ('morning', 26), ('yesterday', 26), ('rainy', 23), ('looks', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'today', 0.7574055194854736), (u'tomorrow', 0.6622287034988403), (u'wise_Nickolenko', 0.637496829032898), (u'Variable_cloudiness', 0.6257767081260681), (u'Widespread_frost', 0.6226667165756226), (u'Increasing_cloudiness', 0.6193177103996277), (u'Mild_temps', 0.6174347996711731), (u'WEATHER_Sunny', 0.6160750985145569), (u'Partly_cloudy_breezy', 0.6093684434890747), (u'Patchy_clouds', 0.6090808510780334)]





@SukottoXD I saw ice in the rain today. Not quite snow, but frozen water, nonetheless. 
@KingKiwi  i want to be somewhere with no rain its not very nice here today
Khb count low today despite the changing weather. 
this weather seriously impeded my shoe choice today 
Not happy with the snow today... 
back from university. happy about the weather. the only good thing today 
Please no rain today! I got some things to do outside 
I wish it were warmer since I have errands to run today 
Today is also the last day of nice weather    i really missed the sun and i don't want it to leave!!
ten years ago today I was running around in shorts and a tee shirt in nice weather. 2009, it's fucking snowing and freezing cold 
@ChristineD1030 I am really digging this weather too bad I have to serve people wings today inside 
its kind of cold here today  what happened to the nice weather lol
@3SillyDogs It is nice here too, 50s, but the temps are going to drop today 
@sherryrachel weather is amazing....I wished wewere working @ some outdoor gig..but we got weddings today 
Today's weather really sucks compared to yesterday 
I'm feeling under the weather today.  
today's warm weather: gahhhhh 
 clouds rolling in, hard to believe I got a little sunburned today..
@DavidGallagher didn't play a 3rd game today. they is all tired from the sun 
it was supposed to be warm today. now its raining 
it was supposed to be warm today. now its raining 
beautiful weather here in kyoto, but today is unfortunately devoted to work  sigh ????????
@jeannebug I wish the rain would come back here!  I had to go out today and the sun gave me a headache 
Bwurk... need to work on a presentation although the beautiful weather today 
Storm and snow today, doesn't look like it's spring yet 
film meet would have been great today in this weather - alas, my back has other ideas 
Is going to miss all the sunshine today 
The beautiful weather was great while it lasted; back to cloudy, gray, &amp; rainy today. 
rain means no tandem ride today... chores, here we come 
feeling a little under the weather today  boo!
Up and about, going out today i hope it dont rain 
@JerseyGrl61 speaking of rain, what's going on here?! I had my heart set on the lake today 
why is today like 10 or 15 degrees colder then yesterday?!  i hate u global warming.
No open windows today, it is 36 degrees and cloudy outside 
No sun out today 
gross weather today..not really looking forward to going outside 
@dannywood don't wanna burst your bubble to much but enjoy today rain tomorrow 
@fashionrunner Me, me  I did 6.5 miles this morning, and what's new? the wind is back  so I just ran a bit slower today.
why does it have to freakin rain today  ahhhhhhh!! now idk what to wear
best weather we've had today but having to do french, stupid. i wanna go out 
sucky weather today 
Looks like I have two runs in the pouring rain today 
is irritable.  This cold better go away today.  
whichever one of you punks from the west coast sent us this rain today... i dont like you 
isn't liking the bad weather today. 
rainy date today.... no sketchersizing at the lake   I started a new painting yesterday so I'm just checking out the progress
@kyjin this new yorker is finding the rain cold today, and i'm wearing layers and everything 
The rain is so depressing today 
sunny weekend is over   It's rain and back to work for me today.  Yay for leftovers from my brother's surprise party!
weather looks good, just a pity i'm stuck in all day today 
on the train heading to work. the weather isnt as nice today 
Looks like rain today 
I hate getting up early  And i hope the sun comes out today! I need a recharge!
@kevatkinson morning! im not feeling too good today!  hope your enjoying the sun!! 
In a cold datacentre.. With no windows, couldn't it have rained today 
@xpaintedheartsx: haha the weather was quite good here yesterday. Snny and a little clouds. today's worse, I'm sick  soooo boring...
Loving the weather !!! But I'm stuck inside today 
No sunbathing for me today, weather not so nice 
getting cloudy  hope it doesnt rain ive got to walk another 5 miles today
Today's weather does not allow for activities like yesterday's 
we are back to our normal rain today... 
Its raining today 
The weather is too nice today to sit in college  still got 2 hours before i have to leave!
the birds are noisy today. maybe i should shut my window. it's not really warm outside anymore. 
@PartyInMyPants working is hard  its really warm today!!
i looks so crappy out today. where's the sun? 
Not liking the change in weather today, rain makes me sad 
caught the sun today, lobster boy 
Ugh, the weather is so stuffy and hot today.  I hates it.
has the flu and working in the rain today 
Watching the sunshine from inside - doing a migration today 
@coreyhaines worrying about the weather now - thunderstorms last night, maybe more today 
No marching today  our band parade is canceled due to bad weather... 
supposed to do the lupus walk today but decided to just send a donation instead. feeling a little under the weather 
today smells like more rain.... yuck. i think i'm going back to bed; 6 hours was definitely not enough. wish i were at bamboozle though 
@SeanMalarkey aww... she is so cute! i wish I was taking my little one to the zoo today... but i'm working and it's pouring rain 
Feeling ambiguous about rain today. We need it, and the change would be nice, but I just got both cars washed this week. 
why can't the sun come out and play today? any other day and I'd be thankful for the gloom 
I have done some gardening today, but not much, a friend is over and we'v just enjoyed a bit of sun. getting chilling and cloudy now 
i wanted to be in the sun today but it is raining 
Getting ready to watch the Giants, hoping for no rain out...wishing @CortleighE didn't have to work today...so sad 
I don't feel so good and I got sunburned when the sun was barely even out today 
@sybastien thanks, so much tension - not good  I am up first today, is this the calm before the storm returns?
@KyeLani ah if only that were true, but the weather's not as nice as yesterday, and the shops will all be closed 
Amazing weather. Depressingly, I have a target of 1500 words for today 
I'm back, its raining  the weather is not as beautiful as it was yesterday:O
On my way to look for jess. bamboozled today and its all rainy  
The weather is below par today, seems like no disc golf today 
@adzada The sun clearly hates you today. 
gloomy today. probably just the weather. maybe... well, i wish it was... 
its much colder than it looks outside  i definately wont be sitting outside with the host today lol
rain finally stopped after 7 + hours - still cloudy and cool today; may have to dig out the jeans again 
Clouds rolling in, no walk today 
i hate the rain  no phils game today
dark outside already. no sunshine today. 
it's beautiful and sunny outside today.  this is sooooo not productive studying weather.  i wish it were rainy.  
Trying to ignore the fact that the heat lost today and are out of the playoffs. It's not working to well 
the weather was soooo nice today..almost made me forget i have to wake up at 6am tomorrow 
ripped out four more trees today - casualties of the june '08 storm.  
@guyfour20 no autumn or winter! Either sunny, raining, cloudy or windy , and today is rainning 
otw home, weather is getting on my nerves today. 
it's raining here  i'm stuck inside working today so i'd probably be peed off if it was sunny outside, i'm now ok with the rain 
Is awake, and its rather cold and windy today  Looks like we've recieved a polar continential weather front!!! Yes, i'm studying geo 8-)
What's with all the clouds today  http://twitpic.com/4jdkh
aw, It's pretty crap weather today 
@drewmillikin Can you push some of that weather down our way? It's gloomy &amp; rainy here today &amp; tomorrow &amp; I have @fjgaylor here! 
today is a sunny day, i'm depressed. where did the rain go? and the wet streets? and the black sky? 
Getting ready. Flying back to Flawduh today.  Only glad to be leaving this weather.
@linksforluv I hope so too cause today the sun slept all day. Not a ray of sunshine. 
@drewryanscott *gasp* you didn't do your daily pic today...I feel like I missed the sunshine 
Where did the sun go?? No golf today?? 
got up before 9am today... but with the cold 
@BisForBecca got up like hour 1,5h ago and still have no clue what to do today  The weather's nice, but I don't want to go out alone :@
so glad the sun is shining a little today - have the perfect outfit but no shoes 
oh wow i look soooooo bad today. and the weather is awful 
todays really sunny and I'm stuck indoors because I'm ill 
More rain today!    It's already pouring outside.
@perri1 I think it's supposed to rain again tomorrow  But the sun did help me feel better today - and beloved spouse mowed the grass 
@JennananaPink i got a ton of sun today. 
sand storm on the island today... not much to do 
Going home early today, really hate all this rain! Where is the summer? 
@darraghdoyle actually its pretty grey here today  been sunny and windy all week now grey and windy... 
good morning everyone, weather is horrid today 
I'll play catch up today since my battery customers are doing well without me! I'm tired of driving in the rain anyway! 
morning tweeters! its kind of gloomy looking today  hope the sun comes out
I'm working... bad weather today 
I'm exhausted I stayed out in the sun too long today, I have a red nose 
All this rain is not making me want to go cycling today. 
heavy rain this morning; so much for trying a bit of weeding today 
Someone send the rain up here please. I really cant be bothered today 
Shopping today? The weather sucks 
feeling very low today, got a horrible cold 
more rain today  bloody hell!!
The rain has come in, no bmx track for me today 
Looks cold and windy today. 
Looks as if i cant go driving today on account that its raining 
I got nothin  %^&amp;#@  looking out from the window , I am glad I will be working today, bet than it will get sunny and warm . 
revision not going well today, its too sunny outside 
@CaliLewis in fact I woke up in the rain... I wanted to do some in line skating today 
Man, the rain is pouring down... I wanted to get my tan on today 
Its rainy today 
@MzLushable i didn't even get to enjoy the sun today... 
sun, but i wont be able to enjoy that being in the garden today 
Eating breakfast. I've attempted to do my make-up nice today but it won't stay on for long because of this bloody weather... 
What's the chances of it being sunny today? I miss beingvable to wear shorts! 
what happened to the nice weather yesterday x I woke up this morning to find it all dull and wet 
morning everyone should be going running today but its blowing a gale out there 
is ill and doesn't want to work today i want to stay in bed and the weather is getting me down 
It's windy and grey outside - looks like more rain is on the cards today. What happened to spring? The weeds are loving it 
@Awebermagic It's grey today  want the sun back
Stomach bugs aren't my favourite  but it was lovely reading in the sun today.
@Skibble no I was in quite a bit of pain from friday night I was going to go today but weather is terrible 
GCSE in 45 minutes! I'll probably rush it and fall asleep till the end. The weather is horrible today 
Hoping today will be a good.  The weather is S@#^y 
i had to walk to the bus stop today. now i'm freezing and wet. 
really have the winter blues today 
@ArielChloe hola chica - yups 90 today 92 tomorrow - cooler for the weekend -  me no like hot weather
the weather sucks at the beach today 
Having my coffee on this gloomy/rainy morning... can't sit out on our deck and look onto the lake today 
@dasxxyone  I wore my winter coat today 
delivering in the rain is not gonna be fun today 
It's only 7:40a and its already 70 degrees out. It's supposed to be 98 degrees today. 
thinking its cold and wet today 
I'm a ray of sunshine and light today 
Finally beach! But no sun today unfortunately  http://twitpic.com/5oiko
@SteveBrunton i was hoping to catch the sun today  self tan tonight again me thinks!!!!
I was drenched in rain today 
was going to sit on the sun today but its disappeared! 
was going to sit in the sun today but its disappeared! 
Lunch time and I have cheese sandwiches, how old skool! It's miserable where I'm working today, horible rain clouds 
@future_perfect No hot dogs? I'm weeeeeeeeeeeeeeell hungry, I hope we go out today 
Feeling so blah/down about my life today. I'm blaming it on the weather. 
sad that the sunshine is gone today 
@gfalcone601 it raind today and we got wet and they cancelled sports dat!!!  x x x
rain in north florida again today.... shuttle launched postponed. 
@varumu I envy you - its cloudy and rainy here today - no beach 
@starDelaM morning  I love rain but NOT today!
today I'm bored, there's nothing to do, and with this rain I can't come out 
slept through the awesome rain today 
Why is the weather so pants today 
don't know what to do today.  amazing weather and i'm sitting here, great.
Feeling a little under the weather today  got a funny tummy - however, the sun is shining and I'm at home. Yay!
the weather is good mmm what to do today??? shame working tomorrow 
wanted to go to white sands today. forecast says there will be thunderstorms... 
@Craziscorpio ready for the weekend! I hope the sun comes out later today tho.  Where u from?
i love how nice the weather is today and i am camping tonight! oh and i hate my hair 
I want it to rain today! Like full thunderstorm style! But it probably won't 
enjoying the great sunshine.. from indoors.. I don't feel good today 
Ugh its really hot today already and its not even noon yet  i want ice water!
Lately i've been waking up with the sun in my face but not today..   
goodbye picnic for a classmate today  but the weather was fucking beautifuul!!!
its overcast today again  it looks like it wants to clear up but i doubt it :/
ree-heally hoping the rain stops by the time i get off the metro at courthouse. i didn't bring an umbrella today. 
@djknucklehead  no water park today? made me jealous looking at that pic 
I was expecting the sun to come out today. I guess that's not happening. 
So much for running outside like I thought I was going to  looks like the treadmill will have to do for today....thanks a lot rain
got new sneaks today..can't wait to break them in..stupid rain 
The weather isn't nice today..  hope it dosent rain today!!
omg it's muggy today.  yay rainy season.  
wish i could sit in the sun again today instead of going to work 
played netball in the rain today it was really fun... so tired only had 4 hrs sleep conpared to the 12 i usually hav 
shitty weather  no tennis or swimming today 
So depressed that have to work today AND tomorrow thru sunshine 
the weather is great today and.. as usual... i have nothing to wear 
I dont feel very well today  The sun is shining and the sky is blue, I wanna be outside not inside with a cold!
It's awesome weather today! And I'm....here?! 
It's nice weather today and I can't go out  fucking sun :@
Feeling a bit under the weather today  Mychildren mybride merch arrived!
Still have a bit of a cold...trying to decide if I should P90X it today 
@darker_artic sunny and 80 degrees!!!  Too bad I have to work today  What about you? How are you?
@shaunmichaelb Here too much clouds  rain soon i guess,bad for me today
@PaulPunktastic i work in a library it's not so bad and the pay is amazing but.. boring sometimes  i missed the sun once again today 
I love the sun, but today I got burned really bad 
@shanajaca The weather today is gray! Very sad for a saturday! 
holy balls it is so hot today. screw mowing the lawn. i miss the snow  but not really.
@pilgrimfamilyuk lovely thank you ,very hot today,love this weather but my chest doesnt 
hhmm my back may have enjoyed the sun too much today 
@JLSOfficial it didnt  and i missed out on sun today cos i was working :|
great day today park was ace sun burnt tho 
@eilidhlive I never even went out in the sun today!!! :O 
today is a rainy and windy day! 
@abcdefglynis yes it is! waah. the weather's blazing hot today 
I woke up today without rain. 
Its raining hard today ... gloomy 
I can't sit in the sun today as I overdid it yesterday 
high winds today, no supply boat 
@bogwhoppit no sun for you today then 
is bored, sleepy and feeling a little gloomy today 
g'morning tweetlings! the weather is like wooah today. pretty. no youtubers came to portsoy yesterday 
Bad hay-fever today - lovely outside but I'll probably have to stay in 
mummy says I can't go outside in the sun today cos i'll blister 
@sln25373 stop making me jealous  i had plans to beach today but the weather decided to be bitchy &amp; there are no beaches/pools open T_T
sunburn still hurting!!   Not sure what to do today...
today i will revise outside in the sun. maths 
Gees, I'm really tired today! Couldn't sleep, all sweaty and back on fire  ah well, I can only blame myself for that.
loving the weather today, although feelin abit down 
Wow its far too warm today 
wants to enjoy the sunshine but is feeling icky today, 
Another lovely summerday with +25'c, life aint too bad today! I just wish my cold could go away...  Shoooo be gone!!
good morning, sunshine. nothing but study today. 
I was looking forward to the park today..not so much anymore, seeing the grey skies.  
Gorgeous outside today... But they're saying chance of rain 
Who decided it would be cold today...  it better warm up!
Is totally under the weather today and missing out on the maiden voyage 
so warm today  shoulders are burnt though 
It was so hot today! I got a sunburn  I Bycycled 20km today ;) We went to see faterfall with marta, I will add twitpics of waterfall !
time to get ready...have nothing to wear!...usually I'm for cloudy days but I was hoping for some sunshine today 
@demiwood Have you managed to any sunshine today or have you been locked in lo 
Its too warm today 
to windy to fish here today 
No storms today  but decided to go to work....
So no storms today  but decided to go to work 
#flylady went outside, beautiful breeze today, however, I think I inhaled something, now I can't stop coughing 
so much for the flying...too windy today.  has to be about the 15th lesson I've had canceled for wind 
stupid rain  no boat today. coloring with sarah! haha we are five year olds at heart
My face I purple. The sun was not nice to me today 
i think my hands got burnt in the sun today,, they hurt 
The weather wasn't on our side today, not a good turn out 
unfortinately, while it may not rain today, the temperature is 8c  freezingbikehands
It's 00.40 and I can't sleep - I have to be up in 5 hours  Loved the weather today though 
@benjeh32 too warm today.. 
Boring weather today, no sun, but no rain either, just shade 
morning all! loving the weather still! another bbq tonight perhaps! what are all you plans for today? i got an endless list of things  grr
I've wasted much time today on bus, the weather is terrible and I'm quite sleepy... 
looks like it's going to be mostly sunny today, possibly some rain late afternoon 
is feeling rough today  hot weather does not agree with me 
Headed to work. Its rainy and forecast says storms today/tomorrow 
My thong and crop top are not going down well in this office today  I don't MAKE the weather, I just dress for it.
is a little under the weather for today 
doesn't remember the weather forecast for today mentioning rain.  
My face almost doesn't hurt today!  I really hate this spring cold - I couldn't even smell my lilacs.    But I'm almost through!
Ugh I feel so depressed today....I hate the rain sometimes 
And it was REALLY warm today, which I hated 
I have a really bad canker sore.  At least I get to go to the beach with @jpadamson and @owlex today XD
I've got a cold  and it was waay too hot today
A lil' under the weather today!!!  
hay fever is bloody bad today 
man i wanted to go outside today but now its raining again 
just got a ticket!!  wowzzeerr, today is gloomy and rainy i love it! so calm and relaxing
@ckristen yeah the weather does suck today 
trying to take it easy today and feel better. sadly, it's the last day my brother and his gf are visiting and I'm under the weather 
Today's weather has been quite unstable the whole afternoon, I gotta admit. 
rainy today  normally i like it when its cloudy bt not on days when i want to lay out!!
So much for the sun today 
It's so hot today..even it was rain last night 
hmm, yesterday on a boat with friends and sun, today working with (again) great weather 
IS feeling under the the weather today 
morning all. supposed to be the last day of the warm weather today 
@marginatasnaily hope the exercise goes well, make the most of it! and make the most of the sun too, its the last sunny day today  xx
Last of the sun today apparently 
I don't like the fact that judging by the weather forcast today is going to be our last day of sun and I'm spending it in work 
morning people, the sun is shining but i have to work, so no sunbathing for me today! 
@leanne1412 - i miss mr sunshine too! I'm an upside down happy face today 
Why is there no sun today   
really hate feeling like this  should be happy today the weather is still awesome and yet i feel like shite
Ugh i didn't know it was supposed to rain and storm today! 
I looked for the sun, but it's raining today. I know you'll get through this mum, I love you so much 
drag my day off and its pouring rain so no outdoor fun today 
Britsongreen is suffering from the worst imaginable hay fever and is having to stay indoors, rather than enjoy the sun today 
@guardianeco Me too! - wish we had some clouds around today! 
No many Tweeters about today, i bet they are all enjoying the sunshine! I'm lonely 
The weather today is amazing...but I can't go outside it's so hot 
rained today.  love rain but can't go throw 
@kristencarta  I'm not over today but I am over this lame weather!
The weather today in new york is absolutely disgusting 
@sweetness79 we were supposed to get rain today, but instead it was just cold.  And i just bought a bunch of sundresses 
went to white castle today, should have pics when i get back to az. the heat is amazing to think about when you have humdity with it 
I dunno what I ate or what I did but I think it was bad rain that fell on me today  I'm sick
feeling very refreshed after a great swim...too bad about this stupid cold I just got today 
http://twitpic.com/6imzo - 1.  Of what is bugging me today... crappy weather today 
Morning peeps. No sun today 
there is no sun today.... 
The sun has not got his hat on today 
I've no plans for today and heard weather is to change  what to do?
Whats with the weather today? 
aw why has the sun come out today? its cloudy! 
Morning twitters, late up for me today    hey, where the sun gone.... Grrrrrrrr
@isdixon No sunshine here today either 
is a bit disappointed with the weather today 
@rickyboleto why u want shorts it's cold today  no sun
is feeling mega down today  I blame lack of sunshine
looks like  rain again today 
@Debbiey43  pray you get some strenght quick. its actually cooler today but we want the sun back. seems we rarely know wat we trully want.
sooooo tired....listened to a very loud thunderstorm all night! I am dreading going to work today 
Morning! Not as sunny or warm today. Looks like all our sun has gone for a while. 
going for my break then be near hometime, no basking by the river for me this aft not so nice today 
the weather isn't as sunny today 
shame the weather is so shit today - no picnic in my convertible. I'll have to eat in the office 
@Squiffers I'm so jealous. There's no sun out here today! Even the birdies are hiding cuz of the scary clouds. 
sat on my sunglasses. not cool! bit dissapointed by the weather today anyway 
why the weather is so crap today? 
it better storm today 
If I wear this dress today I definitely can't wear my rain boots  what to do?
Looking good out today. I'm still thinking rain over the weekend though 
@macdonaldbros bring some sun up to fife please. its quite rubbish up here today. 
No 520 eagle friend on today's commute.  He's probably out enjoying the 90 degree weather ahead!
Another fire bell today...got more astro turf in my shoes  xx
Is the sun coming out today ??? 
high of around 91 today...what am I going to do? not used to this weather 
feeling a little under the weather today 
rain today  hopefully it wont last
... and its raining. no hiking today 
Looks like rain today! No walk for the dogs 
@FrankieTheSats hey frankie!x  what you been up to today ?x the weather's been miserable  i want the sun back!! x
only an hour of cardio today  kinda bummed, damn the rain!
The rain was so bad today, that it soaked right through me shoes and socks..wet feet..not nice 
@pepsi Even the sunshine state doesn't have sunshine today 
well i lost my second sunflower in the wind today 
working out ,but hardly working today -the east coast rain can put a damper on good intentions 
I wish I were outside taking pictures today.  The clouds are amazing!  The breeze is incredible!  Why am I stuck in an office?!  
I like rain, but not this type  pretty scary driving in it today.
it's raining outside..The sun hasn't come out at all today, sucks! 
The calls are real slow today! I think this bad weather has put everyone in a bad mood! 
@Samush baldwin hills! - the weather did really suck today! my umbrella actually broke. 
the rain drove us to the range.. no golf game today 
i hope the sun comes back...it was wayyyy too cold today!! 
@LadyXanth my allergies are killing today!! always after the rain its like this 
@mimi918 i dunno but i had thermals on the golf course today it was chilly &amp; super wet!! 
It's such a nice day today...but if only it were 10 degrees warmer. I miss summer 
I think I burnt today in the sun 
Just woken to rain. Not sure about little show am going to do today! will not be good in the rain 
why has the sun gone? its pissing down today 
Morning, the weather today looks awful 
To sum up today there is heavy cloud and light rain,   they should have filmed twilight here this is constant around here 
spent the day yesterday reading a book in the sun... but was woken up today by torrential rain 
@joek949 niiice! weather doesnt seem as nice today though!! 
Beutiful day today!! So warm and a clear blue sky... perfect studio weather 
well i like the rain but it seems very depressing today 
@leolodreamland shame about the weather today tho ..  v.v. soggy! 
bad weather today in french riviera 
I'm so disappointed by the rain here, really wanted to see the animals in the park today  I hope it's going to sunny down south...
What awful weather it is today 
My sunburn is really bad today 
i don't feel like it today cause the weather is bad 
I am far from impressed with the weather today, i should be out having fun not stuck in watching it rain 
Poring rain today, no gardening for me 
crossing her fingers that it doesnt rain today/tonight, otherwise the sleepover would be ruined 
ugh looks like it's going to rain sometime today -_- I want the sunny weather back 
I want to spend all day at a park today, I think. I don't want rain anymore 
apparently no boat today cuz of rain 
why is the weather soo eww today!!   we better not have had our summer!! 
@tanyalw73 Not much. Looks like rain today 
:: I really want to go lay by the pool today but I see grey skies 
getting ready for my water aerobics - looks like rain today  thanks for nice words annie&amp;co. - are you going to columbus?
It's raining today so much for the good weather  not doing much just on net
Does not know what to do today  the weather sucks
is bored and really wants to go to the beach today!!!! I think its going 2 rain though!!! 
the weather is making me sad today 
@judysteapot I guess it's cold with u today then?! it's cooler than last wkend here, but still reasonably warm here, sorry 
is mad at the weather. i wanted to tan today 
today, the high is 69 degrees. which is a) funny (lol 69) and b) too cold to be in the water for 3 hours. 
I want to go to the pool today. I hope it gets warmer than this. 
Where's the sun ? Would of liked to get some colour today ! 
hope the sun comes back out next week. miserable weather today 
is getting ready to take a nap. I thought the sun was going to come out today 
hopefully the rain stops cause I actually had plans today 
I'm bummed out that I have to work today in the rain 
wearing all black today, with lime green nails...its not a very chipper day..its gray and not really all that warm outside! 
my god the weather is unbelievable. i was sunbathing yesterday!! i want it to go awayyyy 
Hoping it'd be a bit warmer out today. I guess no beach tanning for me 
Looks like rain today.....  
weather is not good for my plans today 
Looks like no beach today..this weather sucks 
No hot water today 
This weather is definitely fitting my mood today 
Its rainy and cold today.....not motivated 
was not able to go for a cycle today due to the storm 
I'm missing the sun today.  I hope it comes back to visit us again soon!!! ;)
@kkatherinee haha. today was so nice and hot. but we've had rain all week so now i guess it went to you 
its raining today 
@HillyHindi oh you love rain so ? me noooot  lol &amp; today it rained a looooot ! 
isaak got a sunburn today--I sunburned my baby   the sun is evil; so are makers of $8 sunscreen, but I have to fatten their profit margins
No sunshine at all today  it was just rainy and gray.
owwie, got a pretty bad sunburn today 
I really wish the sun would have come out today! 
just when I thought today couldn't suck more... just realized my back has begun to peel.  I cannot get any sun without being punished.
no tennis today cos of the rain 
No mtb ride for me today, my achillis tendon is on fire again 
cleaned the car today,,,in the sun. 
what lovely rainy, grey cold weather we have today 
where'd all the sunshine go? It's pretty grim out there today 
Morning guuyyys. I hate the rain.. I wanna go out today! 
@cymberrain yes i'm fine.. not liking all this rain we have today  
@Jantunstill knew it would bloody rain today of all days!! 
not jumping today  i hate the rain!
@cyberpixie its been pissing down in showers all morning.. was meant to be skating in hyde park today too 
the weather is absolute pants today  the rain woke me up it was so bad
@susanstn afternoon to you. hows your weather its autmn with you now isnt it? we have terriblerain today and its summer here temp is 16c 
I went to bed way too late last night, which could be the reason I've only just woken up, haha! The weather's still not good today  x
The weather today is icky and i'm in bed and cold and i don't like it 
going to pride today. but its raining 
What can i do today, when it's raining out? How i hate the rain 
Really bad weather today, rain,thunder and lightning how bad could it be.! 
Going to the zoo today -- that is if the rain doesn't get too bad 
enJoy the weather today. our next sunny day is saturday.   yes, its supposed to rain m-f everyday. 
@mirandacowles I feel ya, I wanted to go take some photos today but the clouds are killing all the light.   #iowa #rain
I'm sick muffins, I can't even enjoy the weather today 
I hate rain... And today it rains a lot... 
@RudieDudie of course, i love it  grr, it happened again today; sunny as hell then rain. not even a rainbow around  so anyway, howz u?x
its cloudy today 
well i guess im not doing any outside activities today its getting ready to storm 
No running again today, this cold makes tapering real easy 
stupid rain...no beach today 
theres supposed to be thunderstorms today. i want to lay out. 
the weather sucks today 
long brick yesterday, open water swim today. good weekend, now for all the chores 
The water is not as high as one would like down here.  no fishing today.
Tired today....this weather is not helping.  
Ouch I think I got a sunburn today 
today's my big bro's b-day!!!! no big plans    trip 2 waterpark got canceled...bad weather
I really hate this weather  yesterday, so nice, so sunny, and today... its just not worth it to leave home
@Geeklawyer yikes re weather - noodles is riding to work today and my grass seed might get washed away 
they say rain tomor sun today sun wednesday!!!!!!! If it rains tomor 
On the train. The weather is so depressing today 
Looks like I'll spend most of today in a space with no sunlight  #think09
...to let the rain come back today 
The rain is back today! NOT good! 
darn no hope of rain today i think. 
oh ,good morning sunshines.today i'm sitting home again cus outside is still bad weather but it's not rainy ,just strong wind ja cloudy, 
Too busy today. In nice weather like this, we shouldn't have to be subjected to work 
The sun doesn't seem to want to shine today... and so am I. 
eurgh its so hot today  and no sun.
well, at least it isn't raining today. but where is the sun? 
@aherne148 omg torrential rain forecast for west wales pm today 
Ahh shi*e its raining and I'm dressed for summer today 
today's weather reminds me of my time in chicago last fall: very rainy and very humid 
http://twitpic.com/7gixk - boo! to thunderstorm today! no riding 
ugh thunderstorms today 
It's pouring with rain here and thundering and i've just got wet!! Really going to lock myself in a room and hide today! 
Feeling bummed out today  maybe it's the rainy weather.
goodmorning twitter! going to amanda's house today! its raining    uggh. back to the old weather.
@DebbieFletcher heyya how are you ? i had to walk home in the pouring rain today  not good its gone nice now tho.. weird weather :S LOL x
thunder? it's sunny, but the clouds are going black. ugh  and today was so good as well!
is cleanin house today! The monsoon we had this morning isn't allowing me to cut the grass 
I'm tired today...all this dreary weather has me POOPED!!!  
bleugh. crappy weather today. 
high today: sold ceremony here at fitch! low: it was super slow   probably the beautiful weather!
according the weather.com 10 day forcast...rain up until wed june 24th, only tue and wed this week sunny 
@jonjones We're looking at only 96 today, but it's ramping up to 108 by the end of the week =/ We just had nice cool weather and now this 
Its Horrable weather today  i cant wait for summer to come!!
thundered so hard today ahhh and poured down with rain 
back to melbourne town today, good bye sunshine 
@ColorblindFish I wish I was a crab so I could burie myself in the sand   I lost 467 memories today
I hate rain, it's summer and I want to go golfing but it's always raining.  It rained today an it's supposed to rain again tomorrow too. 
came back to from the gym in the rain today 
thinking i'll see the sun come up today. can't sleep 
Morning, am waiting for the train in the lovely sunshine! Its too nice to go to work today! 
@QueenofScots67 good morning.. you do sound perky! weather here great, at home today getting essays finished 
today I feel bad, don't know why, maybe because of the weather or because I'm bored to death... 
The weather sucks today, I'm afraid I'll have to move the blogtv show to tomorrow 
Hey look no sun again today 
there were crazy lightning storms here last night... maybe no tennis class again today? 
I just checked the weather and I'm not doing ANYTHING today 
the light of morning decomposes everything. i feel apprehensive today. about a few things. 
we've got a park playdate today, but it looks like rain.  
 feeling a little under the weather today.
still feeling icky today  and it's pouring down rain
Is feeling under the weather...again   But at least I have TRUE clarity of mind and that alone is going to make today a great day!
Morning workout done, looks like rain all day so no skateboarding today 
woke with a cold strong today, I hate this cold weather bleh 
The weather is killing me today. Can I get any _more_ tired? It should fscking rain already. 
beautiful weather today i even have a tan NOT lol  o well soooooooo bored love all twitterers lol xx
i think the heat fried my brains today and summer is barely getting started 
I forgot my sunglasses! Not to happy about the sunshine today   
Pouring rain, flooded streets, not such a good day today, i hate my hair and now it will never grow ... 
Those storms really crapped out today. 
@Milereb cloudy today 
yesterday's weather was waaaaaaay better than today's weather!!!! 
Morning!! The weather is actually horrible outside today - its pouring down with rain 
good morning! have to work today.. and the sun is shining.. 
@davesusetty Aw ~ where abouts are you?  I think we might miss crap weather today but will hit us later 
The weather is abysmal today 
@daniellewatt you can't see me   what are you up to today sunshine?
What,s with the weather today!!!! Definitily not sitting in the garden. 
woke up to this weather  after yesterday. but its still warm :/.
In an IT course today, nice weather outside....though....... 
The weather looks a bit grim today 
weather sucks today 
The weather is horrible today 
why is ireland a wet country, this weatre is making me sooo depressed today 
think i'm staying in today.. silly rain 
weather is horrible today  makes me all depressed.
The weather is rubbish, I have stuff to do today 
How am i supposed to swim today when its cloudy, rainy, and cold? 
deleware-bound today. weather forecast for the entire weekend: scattered t-storms 
had to have lunch in the office like a loser today  damn rain!!
Its raining today in tiffin   but not on me!
Off to a slow start again today  ... and the rain hurts!
is really not impressed with the terrible weather today 
damp one today 
Feeling blue today. Just can't seem to find that ray of sunshine 
gathering up some knitting and heading to the playground, 75 and sunny today, rain forcast tomorrow - and the forseeable future 
WHAT is with this weather?? The beach was on the agenda today  Now cleaning is....
shit weather today 
Feeling super under the weather today....  so not looking forward to my long day.
Leaving the office earlier than usual to take advantage of the nice weather today. From tomorrow, it is raining again. 
rain?? i wasn't expecting it today...and now it makes my whole day gloomy 
sad about not hiking today because of the rain 
i was planning on evening out my burn today, but the clouds make me think that might not work 
turns out i dont get to go to noahs ark today, its too rainy outside. . . 
eating spaghetti, yum   today its not that great weather..  
Feeling uneasy today, after effects of enjoying rain, 
I must admit, I am jealous of the 88 degree weather in the A today and wish there was a heat wave in nyc 
 the sun isn't out today! Now it is!  http://twitpic.com/7n92l
Mission failed. It's a cloudy day today and there isn't any sun  - http://tweet.sg
decided to get some sun today but it just didn't turn out right ! big burn 
no sun for me today  its raining in the inside and on the outside...gloomy gloomy day for me. i have to fade away now, its for the best.
@alexisamore it's been alright thanks although the weather sucked today 
Finished midnight sun today! Jessicow is highly upset cus I was supposed to read it with her 
today it was very rainny and wet and i was in the rain at camp  well im goin to bed nite
good morning tweeps.. rainy and dark in oslo today 
Morning! Its raining, wish I could have slept in today 
afternoon everyone how are we all today? its raining here again 
More freakin rain today. 
@xstex me too  i live sort of on a mountain too and its freezing today! Lol :]
@doctornaughty yeah I'm not feeling today and the rain isn't helping 
rain for field day today...boo 
feeling a bit under the weather today.  no time to be sick when i have a dream to fulfill. 
No markets today, forcasted rain and no one wants soggy cupcakes 
today sucks i want to taxi to work  hopefully this rain will die down by the time i need to leave!!
hot. humid. rainy. and i have to wear a suit today 
...effin rain... I wanted to go fishing today 
And we have more rain today... 
The weather is gross today. 
Belgian weather but no Belgian wafels today... (via @waffletruck)  
I got soaked in the horrible rain today   I'm home now though so that's much better! 
I am playing sous chef today with ops manager for a company grillout. I dressed for sun... we are getting hail. 
I don't think using 5 year old icy hot was a good idea!//i don't really feel well.  I'm not up for cheer today!
was going to kk to take bailey swimming today..but we got bad weather coming 
Today is off to a bad start. All the rain yesterday caused a &quot;boil water&quot; alert...and we're not allowed to use the coffee maker today. 
totally should have worn my adorable rain boots today, at least to get here...especially since I've only worn them once 
@Dlandisman aww no sunshine today? 
Appointments today in the rain 
No field days today because of all the rain.  http://plurk.com/p/11x6mp
Some nasty storms heading our way today  I hate thunder!
I wanted to go to the farmers market for lunch today but I don't think ill be going in this crappy weather 
just woke decided to fix my hair and lay around today since its raining...blahh 
is not enjoying the weather today...it is terrible for my asthma!! 
I feel vommy  but I got my leavers hoodie today which is so warm and comfy.
i really need to do my cardio today ... but just not motivated to do so...ugh all the rain and feeling down ..not a good combo 
Seriously this weather needs to go!  i'm soaked and very unpleasant feeling. And i used an umbrella. So far today sucks!
Wishing the rain would go away today 
Raining in our town and a promise of high winds later today. 
Not feeling the weather outside today, its hindering me from doing things. 
more rain today     2 engagment sessions...i hope this works out.
ugh its raining today. 
zoo cancelled for today due to storms   sucks
It rained just enough to make today suck even more   fucking thunderstorm you pos weather
This is why i didn't out at all today until i had 2...it tsunami status outside...i'm sick of it...all this rain can't be good 
its cold and rainy outside...can't wait for the real summer weather, and i guess i will be staying inside today 
today was so hot! but the sun wasn't out so no tanning 
off to visit my little country town today, which the weather was nicer for the trip 
@shirkinerd hahaha, I know... without the rain, it'd be so nice  although it's quite humid here today unfortunately
@TheDannyNoriega haha hard to say...it was cold&amp;rainy yesterday..today was muggy. the weather here can't make up its mind 
I mowed today as the weather is not 2 be very good tomorrow. The mosquitoes made a meal out of me 
enjoyed all the sunshine today since apparently another tsunami is heading our way within hours. 
97 degrees out today, this is why i hate summer 
going to bed. golf tomorrow. assuming weather holds off. big lake salmon fishing postponed for a day to come... 
morning all, a little undecided on the weather today. really dreading work today  
and i dont want to go out today i wanna stay in cause its windy and cold 
I was actually hoping for some sun today to brighten up my mood  #wheather #fail #hamburg #rain
#inaperfectworld the hurricane festival wouldn't start without me today 
Leaving the island today    Nothing like entering back into the heat &amp; humidity that is the dirty south
I would defineately call it a swampy ass day today  i hate hot weather with humidity......
its raining today   i still want to see transformers 2 but i doubt my friends will even go :/
fuck rain. . . no golf for me today 
Ugh, hay fever is really bad today 
@M_B_C_FEEHILY heyyy! how are you today? aw its raining here too!  lol...
TGIF everyone! hope u soak up some sun 4 me cause i cant get out n it today 
MORNING! ... but its raining and I may be going to work today in the rain... 
So I dreamed last night that it was finally pouring rain today! I was really bummed when I woke up 
going to clean my room, move it around maybe, then read a book....i hate the rain..no beach today 
touring the hotels and camp sites today. crap weather today 
the sun didn't tell me it was going to come out today 
hate today's oppressive humidity 
I don't want to play soccer today, it's so cold and wet 
Oh dear. I've woken up to the last thing I wanted see today - rain 
what happened to being 17 sunny and windy today?  .. it's freezing and rainy 
congratulations class of '09! i wish i could have soaked in the rain with you all today. i'll miss you all 
had to play netball in the fuckin rain today...fully soaked, think i got a cold 
@BabyK81 it started good but its raining and i have to go to the supermarket today 
no testing today......weather sucks 
bad weather no swimming today 
where is the sun we were promised today 
thunderstorm... no scuba today 
It' going to be a photography day today, shame the weather is so dull 
whats going on with the weather???  No shorts today 
what to do today? quali in 1 hour but not much to reli do when the weather is so crappy 
i got sunburns from the picnic today 
terrible weather today  i swear it said on the weather forcast that it was going to be hot. oh well, still relying on tomorrow.
only because of the rain i couldn't play tennis today!! 
today's planned hike might be rained out;big band of heavy rain approaching on radar;we'll see how it looks at 7am to decide  
The weather sucks  friday it was all sunny but yesterday it was rainy  and today too :[ what's up with the weather here??
goin to bbq today ... typical rain forecast lol 
More rain today!  What a wonderful surprise! 
Wishing the rain would stop! I don't think my wish is going to come true today! 
Feels so good to be standing outside w the breeze. Looks like it may storm today. 
where is the sun today? 
@sepreston we're getting the odd sunny spell, very grey today 
I feel really bad today, I think a cold's coming. 
Effing rain just ruined all my plans for today. 
More rain due, ugh, going to a graduation today and was hoping the kids could go swimming 
lovely date, he was such a gentleman. weather today is rubbish tho 
thunderstorms are going to seriously hamper our garage sale ability today. 
@samjhalliday how crap the weather is today 
p.s. where's the sun today. 
@candydaffodil we are getting rain today ! Like hot but too hot is very much unfun 
coaching soccer in the rain today... 
guess we got spoiled with all that sun yesterday, pouring rain today 
Getting ready to mow the lawn, 95 Degrees today  with a heat index over 100
@anomoly aw man, you did? It's supposed to T-storm tonight, today is when all the best acts are playing--no fair 
why did rain have to come today..... i hate it 
sittin outside supposed to get thunderstorms today 
And its raining again today 
is disappointed it isn't that warm today! 
Of course the sun decides to not come out today 
Its raining so hard today! 
We had a lot of rain showers today... now it's dry, but I guess I won't see any hot air balloons tonight, they won't get up 
Getting some sun today. Just not in the way I had hoped 
had barbecue today and it was amazing, even jumped in the pool afterwards even though the weather was not that nice...twitpic don't work 
@prettyporsh I wanted us to go rollerscating by the beach today but the weather sucks 
I think I've been in the heat and humidity too long today cause now I'm feeling sick 
not liking this weather today 
man, tiger came out on the course, hit  the ball and the rain began.   no tiger today.
Incredible weather today.  Too bad I was working all day and only got a short ride on the bike tonight  
feeling under the weather today, down with the flu 
The torrential downpour, the metro, and my own issues with promptness caused me to miss the uber-talented @lukebrindley today 
could not ride yesterday..    of course, today, there is a wonderful sun!!! argh!
No rain in silverstone today 
good morning twitter! the sun is hide today 
Isn't today supposed to be the first day of summer? *looks at gloomy weather* 
cant go up horses today  weather to bad
Maybe the weather will change again, but forcast suggests rain for game today 
@Charmedchic but there's no sun today! 
Beach cancelled today  I hate the rain
So far I have had 3 cold showers today, roll on this evening when I can actually do something about it. 
I'm very bored because today the weather is bad and i can't go out!!   please help me guys 
The weather today is awful!! 
Up early for the beach but today it's kinda cloudy 
i wish the sun was out today!  booo rain!
I like the fresh breeze of night but today was so hot &amp;humid here 
was soooo excited to go kiting today, and then realised i was looking at the forecast for hatteras ... not long &quot;no wind&quot; island ... 
today's weather not as great as yesterday 
the weather is ugly today here 
@philwest64 i'm still jealous of your rain  the heat index is like 105 today uggggggg....
sunny sky yay ! hope it stays until next week .. doesnt want to be home today 
@pbandjcreations it was 100 degrees here today  and we have no beer!!
burnt my face laying out in the sun today 
Feeling a little under the weather today 
@bustedmemories I was off because of my reaaally bad hay fever  It was really hot here today and I couldnt even go outside :'(
feeling a little under the weather today 
is happy that she got tan today  but now you can see where my sun glasses were 
had fun in the sun today... but got burnt 
My hayfever is playing havoc today 
time for a nice seat on the couch. weather today is unforgivable 
@jenniwheller you're out of luck. It's gloomy today. 
@catspyjamasnz that move's a bit rash don't you think? hehehe You could always send the freeze up here - blister forming sunshine today 
no rain today 
today's forecast... more rain! 
woke up really ill today!  damn the weather change!
@naveenaqvi @drawab we're all seriously anticipating rain after this crazy humid weather today 
is churlisch, that the weather throw a spanner in tha plan to fligh on the glacier today 
The weather really sucks today 
wow.. 100% humidity is not gna b fun to work in today.... 
Not so much sun today, damn. I want to read in the sun 
We're going to the water park today! Too bad I can't go swimming 
It's supposed to be sunny today. Where's the sun? 
This humidity is making my hair look so beautiful today 
@kaypants i haven't seen this thing you call the sun yet today 
i'm not ready for thunder storms today 
The sun isn't shining today 
just got up and ate some rice crispys for breakfast it is so hot today my sun burn is starting to to peal on my face  i hope it stops
i think my tanning day is canceled today  , its supposed to rain and its really sticky outside, but no sun! 
it's raining....something cool about the rain and storms on the ocean but we are ready for some sun today! no fishing today 
burnt..avoiding the sun today. i miss my boy 
i thought it was supposed to be rainy today weather men get over paid to spread lies 
it is a good weather out today, we should chill, but first, come to broadway with me  anyoneeeee ?!
it was so nice and sunny this morning, and now the sky is like pitch black  i wanted to go swimming today!
Definitely under the weather today 
jumped off the wharf today. in the coldest wind and rain...really cool 
Going to go for a walk in Lathkildale - enjoy the sunshine today folks! 
woke up to sunshine today just makes me feel a whole lot happier 
made some greens today.. no wait.. i believe its yellowish orange 
winter is returned in toronto ... high today only 0 
nice weather!I feel energetic and healthy,I might even go run later today  maybe.... ;-)
nice weather  whose out today?
@lizziefuzz brightside -- no sun today you can wear a tank top 
80 degrees today-- perfect for the wine festival 
good afternoon the weather is going to be in the middle 70's so being the the yard today with my 9 dogs is my plan 
More shopping today then fun in the sun - for at least as long as my allergies will let me. 
thinks @julzdoz is addicted to twitter lol. the weather is gorgeous today. 
Loving this weather today 
? ? ? the weather today!! 
@ChubbyGayMan Isn't the weather awesome today? 
Going to have a photoshoot today again: probably go outside too to shoot because the weather is great! everyone have a great sunday 
Plans for today : going to my parents for sun, asperges and relaxation. And good company of course 
morning :] wow. sun is bright. some MORE revision i think today..in the sun ofcourse! 
its very sunny today 
The sun is finally out today after a week of rain and I intend to go spend some time in it 
@jasons it's stunning today actually! very sunny and warm  hence I'm tweeting while relaxing in my garden, where abouts are you?
having a lazy day out in the garden! loving the sun today! 
@MmmBaileys Awesome!  We're having a sun shiney day today.  I am excited!! 
enjoying the sunshine today 
Tired. It's so nice outside  shorts here I come))) might tan today in the beautiful sunshine)))))
@lozzie182 hey im good thanks  The weather has given me hope of a warmer day off tomorrow  just finishing my essay, hows you? x
got my dose of sunshine today!  pics coming soon 
@fashionrunner Me, me  I did 6.5 miles this morning, and what's new? the wind is back  so I just ran a bit slower today.
@lifethroughme the weather was perfect today for hanging out at the beach.  
Morning tweeters, hope all is well in your corner of the world.  Its bright, sunny, warm and gorgeous today, can't wait to get started 
is going to enjoy the lovely weather today  
Yay.. I'm up early. I think I'm going to lay in the sun today  so happy...
Just ate my lunch outside in the glorious sunshine! Its days like today I love working in the countryside 
Still enjoying fab sun here....! Its great not having to work today 
Its early. And its rainy. And i get to go home today. 
Believing the weather forcasts &amp; going jacketless today, hope this belief doesn't bite me in the butt later 
The sun ran away today but hopefully it will be back tomorrow for my bday.  
today I have been mostly trying to find out which of my drivers are in which vehicles and standing outside in the sun  not bad really
@LucyPalmer hope today is better for you. It's good weather too 
Outstandingly nice weather today. I'm feeling happy. 
is loving the sunshine today! 
@mortenlindstrom - hope you're coping better with the cold up there today  B'dos is 'warm as usual' 
is feeling great today..she made me smile  and the sun is back yeaaa !!
hope the sun stay out and the clouds and wind stay away today  can't wait to get dressed and start the day 
it seems as if the weather is great today 
I may do some sunbathing today, nice weather + nothing to do = sunbathing, inevitably 
Beach today nukka! I &lt;3 the sunshine state 
Feeling much better today enjoying the sunshine 
@iamjersey thanks for hanging out last night, you're awesome  hope you guys have fun at rainy bamboozle today!! &lt;3
Is breaking out the rain boots today 
it's supposed to be hot today... but it's still lovely chilly and cloudy and windy 
fucking boring weekend  at least the weather was really nice today 
just woke up now, happy to see that the sun is out today hope it stays sunny but sometimes hoping is asking a bit to much lol 
nice weather  doing some studying today and such!
feel melancholic today because of the weather - it seem to look more like the real Dutch summer now (cloudy &amp; chill) 
Just finished cutting the lawns, beautiful weather today 
Babysitting, got my windshield wipers replaced today 
well i seen the sun shining a little bit today, which is awesome!! 
@divineblueprint warm and yummy today 
rain again. looks like we are going to get wet on todays ride. at least we are riding today  luss here we come...
it's raining here  i'm stuck inside working today so i'd probably be peed off if it was sunny outside, i'm now ok with the rain 
Stunning weather today/this afternoon/now - couldn't ask for better! 
Still in bed enjoying the spring  sunshine streaming in the window, woke at 5am rigid, extreme pain and exhausted but i'm positive today 
going to get waterguns from tesco today   haha.   its sunny.
@t0mf Not really stuck on F1.. but as the weather is here today I might just stay in and watch it. 
sooo pleased the sun is shining today! garden here I come 
wow the weather is amazing today! 
sun is outside as also inside of me today! 
hoping today will bring another storm like yesterday. love a good rain  #fb http://yfrog.com/7eqqtj
It may be raining outside, but there's eternal sunshine in my mind today 
yesterday I did qute an impresice run over 23.5K, today superfit 15K recovery workout, sun + sea near me 
its our independence today. everybody is celebrating and its really nice weather 
@CakeorDeathCA thank you!!  I hope you're feeling better today! this warm/cold weather is driving me crazy!
marine corps half marathon today had 7,000 runners; fast time of 1:09; 5k in the rain was great 
rained on my parade yesterday but made the most of it anyway.......of course the sun is shining today 
working on the golf course today. Much improved weather 
@lettresperdues thank you  I love my little garden. sitting in it right now, only few more minutes of sun today...
Enjoying the rain and kids today, at peace 
90 degrees outside today.... I love the summer 
Going to the lake today  should be a good day, hardly any wind at all
@MattLewisMusic ah it was really bad rain huh, sun was shining today though here  x
I think I got a sunburn today 
Wow, what a nicer drive into the office today - was cold and windy, but traffic flowed smoothly (not fast) 
@Jamjar84 i never play lotto so i cant see it happening anytime soon... hehe  out in crap weather today makes me thinkin emigratin!
i love today!!  it was so fun, sweet, and nice weather, not too hot coz its raining now  what a lovely day!
The weather is so nice today. I can sleep till next year. 
can't tell if today will be a good or bad day!!  omfg it is sooooooo cold outside. where did the warm weather go?
morning!! no class today, it's a holiday  no more rain, cold and stil grey tho, winter is coming sooner i think.- :S
@daveybarnett hopefully, yes. I hope the weather is like today too 
going to cologne today... weather is nice... think it's going to be fun 
last night I had to wake my parents up at 1am because I forgot my key. they are not happy with me. the weather's awesome today though 
just woke up its blue skies and smooth sailing today 
I'm in a good mood today, maybe it's the rain, the cold, the wind or just some other happy things 
weather's nice today  yay!
Swanage is packed full of sweaty tourists today. @thesignedphoto is beside himself 
today was nice  liked the rain lots!!!
g'morning sunshine!!! you look amazing today!  @luckygnahhh
Just woke up *yawn* So warm today...I can wear shorts!!! 
the sun is finally out and it's suposse to be 80 today   I love it here
@sara9582 more of the same weather today  loving it!!
town today again  .. bet it will rain or the sun will go down when i go out just with my luck
The weather is very beautiful today 
@emmyd I think we will still see the sun enough to feel as if today's adventure paid off!!!    I have hope!!
I'm loving the sun today 
i like how it was kind of sunny earlier today and then it rained later tonight. the sun woke me up, then the rain now is kind of calming 
up mega early today, heading down to the studio...hope its sunny for the long drive ahead and no traffic 
is up and is loving the weather today in nottingham, going to get some breakfast(sausage cobs) 
I see all my friends in uk are enjoying the weather today  enjoy it and have a great day x x x x
lough park today, beautiful english weather and an ice cream, what a plan 
is going to make the most of the lovely weather today and take the girls on the park with a picnic for lunch 
I just got my nose pierced!! I love it  And the sunshine makes me very happy today *smiles*
