Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 1925), ('lol', 23), ('p', 14), ('haha', 14), ('com', 14), ('u', 14), ('http', 13), ('amp', 12), ('wow', 9), ('yay', 8), ('r', 6), ('plurk', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'today', 1.0), (u'tomorrow', 0.6509932279586792), (u'yesterday', 0.6032472252845764), (u'Thursday', 0.5845463871955872), (u'Wednesday', 0.5800206661224365), (u'Monday', 0.5782064199447632), (u'Tuesday', 0.5675255060195923), (u'Friday', 0.5667109489440918), (u'Today', 0.4947134256362915), (u'Wednesay', 0.4796624481678009)]





is going to have a late one at MQU today 
I just can't spell today, i totally suck 
i feel lonely today.... 
pfff i want to go back to bed i feel horrible today 
Why is it so hot today??  
is not looking forward to working today 
feeling low today 
it is not that hot outside today 
not feeling so hot today 
feeling down today 
Lunchbreak......and I feel ill today..... 
@foxiehaha haven't heard from her today 
off to work today 
Not feeling too good today 
here's to hoping today goes by quickly... 
have to work today  
I could be very sick today 
its so nice out today i wish i didnt have to work today 
@dathibodeau 12 p.m. today--IF they don't push it back again 
is feeling old today.  
figuring out what's up for today, why's it cold? 
is not very happy today! 
i have to go to court today... 
Oh gosh, I am so sick today 
hurting pretty bad today. 
@earthXplorer excruciatingly slow today 
I'm feeling pretty icky today... 
@Nakialjackson damn wish I could! Didnt get to get any today! 
Getting dressed, so much to do today and not enough time at all 
Fixing to go to ranch and then a funeral later today 
has to work at the hospital today...and is NOT happy about it  
I wish I could teach outside today 
T-ball cancelled today. 
@RiskyBusinessMB i wish i could go to san diego today  but i've got to work today 
@tinkugallery hey amrita! How are you? I don't think I'll get to see you today  sigh
working today! 
i don't feel good today.  
Oh no!It's raining so hard today that I can't sparkle! 
I haven't tweeted much today 
Feeling CRaptastic today  And its so pretty outside.
@zarrr got canceled  so upset! what are you doing today
@davedays it isnt very pretty where i am today 
@yolibonilla worked today  and it was nice out too,need more spring here
So does not want to work today 
@TiffaniMalner  no  we just got back today. you?
@butadream I'm sick today, you cybersent me it  haha.
not feeling very well today 
can't believe essendon lost today 
Morning! Lovely weather again today, not! 
Not feeling well today 
Hey guys i have to work today 
@alexinmadison Too much to try to get done today to go back to bed. 
I think I'm cursed today 
has no snuffly nose but a doubly sore throat today 
is 44 today 
I have running around to do today but I don't feel like it   getting out will do me some good, LOL, even though I want to be lazy!
I wish I didn't have to get out of bed today 
It's going to hit the 90s today. 
I'm sick today but trying to get better this is horrible 
I totally forgot I had to work today  I'll be grateful for the $ later though!
doesn't want to go to work today. 
has some studying to do today 
babysitting today....... 
Off to work, and feeling extra tired today 
@selenagomez I was supposed to see that today. 
is going back to work today 
@kiahpierson if you're doing it again today i can help, i was asleep when you sent that 
@allyroar almost happened to me today  lol
still not feeling great today! 
got headache and cba with today 
Cba with today 
 nearly crashed today
ouch.... could really do with staying in bed today 
going back to edinburgh today 
Really really really don't want to go to lecture today 
Too much to do today, not enough time 
not feeling well today 
The high 5 has not worked today. 
(@Freddieweddie) The high 5 has not worked today. 
Stomach still hurts today, 
Ugh chem lab today 
does not want to go to class today 
Its cold out today 
I am certanly not feeling good today...I have a cold 
just got up; I have so much to do today 
I don't want to to to work today 
raining and ugly outside today  
so today is going to be rainy and in the 40s. 
Not feeling well today.  
...not feeling well today 
I really don't want to be here today. 
wooo class until 530 today 
really sick today 
is headed back to ohio today 
just go a sanchwich today, still hungry 
wishing that I had been more productive today 
i'm starting to get infactuated with him. i try my best to talk to him, but i guess i got shy today 
Feeling rather delicate today 
@iscreamlouder lol I'm not feeling it either, back to uni today 
back to work today 
Painting again today 
I'm SO sad my P&amp;S died today 
@mailchimp , why soslow today 
is very stressed out today 
Laying around today....not feelin good 
I'm really dreading going back to work today! 
it definitely rained today... 
@jesslovespanic Why you are so depressed today??? 
i feel like i ate wayyyy too much today 
I cant be arsed to go to work today.. 
Not feeling well today  damn you salazaaarr!!
cannot face going to work today 
Is seriously suffering today! 
@chokova It's today 
poorly throat today 
have to come back to newcastle today 
M's not feeling well... so we're probably not going out on our 'dventure today 
not going shopping today after all 
I thought it was supposed to be nice out today. 
I should be at @thebamboozle today 
Feeling not-so-good-today  
Has to go to work early today and is tired 
Actually revising today  I.S and it's sooo boring...
@eeeek where are you  i missed you today! you should have been there 
I am feeling so crappy today. 
@dasgenie I had the same today. Is it possible to detect why this happen? 
not looking forward to today 
@RyanGielow no. can't make it today. 
is moving to orlando today 
hair isn't working out for her today. 
@QueenOHrtz haha, just to talk to me. I went to dunkin doughnuts to see her today. she wasn't there. 
i wish that i could go outside today 
Its such a nice today I wish I didn't have to go to work 
today is prom 
I am sick today 
i feel so lonely and as if I'm going to cry  today hasn't been the greatest
Up and about - it;s raining  won't be doing much today.
Ian isn't very chipper today  I think he's not feeling well.
pukebuckets... someone really upset me today. 
today is very borerd..... 
@vectisdebs yep  oh well, lol, so how are u, got much planned for today?
is not looking forward to today!!!! 
and I obviously can't spell today 
Not allowed to go out today, gawwwrrrrr 
I am so fucking rough today 
I'm ill, so I can't go out today 
I am feeling very neglected today 
damn...so cloudy today 
@mattieslollipop I iwsh I was going with u guyss today 
I'm so sore today! it sucks 
Feeling not to ferice today! 
@JPacittiMusic even though it's raining today LOL  
i dont want to start studying again today 
But I go to work today. 
Last lifegroups today 
bored...nothin to do today 
i wosh i could have gone running today. 
does not want to go to uni today 
No I didn't get blowed today  I wish!!
@WONKAnation I miss you, sucks I didn't get to boozle today 
not feeling well today 
I can't stop sneezing today 
I fucking birned myself today 
I'm not going anywhere today? 
Aww, we're leaving today   
I hope they fix my 360 today. But I already know they won't 
@kpy5330 KPY didn't tweet me today. 
just got on today. 
Not looking forward to today 
I'm feeling sad today 
So not feeling well today 
WHY is it SO hot today 
Could've slept in today 
Neither lauren OR torie are here today  Wtf
is sick today 
...wat to wear!? I don't even know wat I'm doing today 
can't plurk today  http://plurk.com/p/stq10
today is the anniversary 
worked too hard today 
I will prob officially really dislike today.  .
too bloody tired today... 
I got dumped today 
Why do I feel so depressed today? 
i mean today 
Really achey today 
I really don't want to revise english today 
Is thinking .. that i really do not want to go to work today 
@QueenKirsty I can't I'm working today 
Studying today 
today i was awoken at 1 i was aiming for 2 
I don't want to work today 
I'm lonely today 
Last Shipwreked today  haha
I don't work today. booooo 
dreading today 
I forgot to go to lunch today. I worked right thru 
today was very unproductive 
I got burned on the sunbed today      
I lashed out today 
I miss him.  finally talked again today though.
today was fun but now im bored 
Apparently i don't work today 
veryvery tired today 
do i really have to work today 
not feeling so good today 
sad &amp; crying.. I feel alone today 
I was home sick today.  
aww yearbook signing was today  so sad
@thisisLF did u guys hookah today? 
is leaving today 
mehhh i'm sooo tired today  i don't think i slept enoughh 
A14 is screwed today. Not moving very far very fast 
Not feeling too hot today. 
@allhail havnt called him but im so sad today 
It's extremely hot today 
@manaloloandlola i wanted to see you today! 
@hollyadderley ewwwww. I hope not!! : l it still hurts today 
bored today 
is feeling pretty sad &amp; down today! 
I should make more #mcfly layouts for twitter... but what of? I feel uninspired today 
@FrankieTheSats i wanted to come and meet you today but i had nobody to go with 
Its not lookin too good today 
is out and about early to rise, he has to see his gastrointernologist today 
I don't want to go to work today 
I'm really sick  won't be on much today
Just got to work. I feel really really sleepy today.. 
isn't happy that it's cloudy and dark today 
does not want to work today, so tired 
sad i'm leaving bowling green for good today 
not feeling very inspired today 
@deckerm i wont see you before i leave today... 
I not feel too well today. 
i wont be able to see you today  i miss you.
@DiaperDiaries I actually said that to myself today... 
@HCObebex3 sorry I won't make a chat today 
@jabop lol it's hoott today! 
@Maggiemelba ouch  all better now? Coming to work today?
@realchrissystar LOL. You would. I got REALLY sunburnt today.  How are you
no shipwrecked to watch today, gutted 
is tired today 
@NiftyKnits have fun, we were going to go today, just locally, but it is hissing down 
Really not feeling well today. 
Would rather not be going to work today 
don't know what to do with myself today 
still so sick. with so much to do today 
Thnk fuck, i dont have to go out today, totally exhausted! 
i believe the Bublee's will lose today 
back to leicester today 
is feeling all blahhhhhh today 
It's too nice today to be inside 
i have wayy too much to do today 
I work today, I'm not thrilled. 
is not ready for today 
Not feeling too great today... 
I have too much to do today 
It's so beautiful outside today...why can't I match that feeling? 
I miss my shellerz today  she's sick
today pretty much sucked !! 
No more twitterberry after today 
I'm working today.. 
driving back today. 
@princessaxoxo i know right...AHH i dont want to work today 
@lliswerryguy I need my bed. I am very hungover today 
I'm back and I'm very busy today ... 
isn't feeling so hot today 
so lonely ed never emailed me back today 
@yarrachamp - damn! I meant sticky. I obviously can't read today. 
not feeling well today 
I looked tanned today.. :/ 
@Geeno33 so you are, but this ..    ?? You hurting me brain today xD
Feeling rather disheartened today 
is awful tired and is not looking forward to college today 
is sick.. didn't go to work today.. haaayz..  http://plurk.com/p/uiay5
back to work today 
Brrrrrrr its cold today 
@lrpw1302 good was suppose to be running today but its so windy out there 
I'm really sick today. 
@Smophs no it hasn't  ah well, perhaps today? we shall see.
I don't feel good today 
doesn't feel well today 
I feel much better now. Yay. But today i dont know what to do 
i'm stresssssing about today!  
@_amberlovely no because today I am a messs. 
it's cold in here today 
I sooooo don't feel like going to work today..... 
i am very stressed today 
I have so much due today. 
How i feel today 
hardly caterham weather today... 
Not feeling myself today! 
@effs i didn't see you today at all. 
@maci back still hurts, not going to work today. 
Feeling quite blue today 
@JunkFoodTees Weekend great today i'm not feeling good 
Tired today, still need to go to gym 
Shouldn't have agreed to work today 
I need some serious councilling today! 
@spiritcloth it's grey here today also 
is feeling rough today 
@RoseRusso  I'm sad you're leaving today. I'll miss you!
didn't get breakfast again today  *hungryyyyyy*
Working 7 to 11 today, not looking forward to it 
Working 11to 7 today, not looking forward to it 
 ugh. that is how i feel so far today.
@ChristieB13 it's raining everywhere today 
@ImInLoveWithMJ bored  lol how are you today? 
really don't want to clean again today 
I am rather depressed today.. It sucks 
says he is so lonely today  http://plurk.com/p/ukuig
working today 
it's windy out today 
I'm sick today 
@Chachel_Rappell agreed! i'm draggin today 
Is really feeling bad today 
@oconel And it seems secretary I wanted to talk to today (and why I came in early) isn't here (yet). 
eurgh... don't want to feel ill... i wanted to go to town today! 
I got up real early today... 
.@freshypanda did you hear about how @MissxMarisa was stabbed today??? 
isn't quite with it today 
is feeling awful today. blehh 
I look like a fish today. 
not driving today 
not very well today  boo hoo
@abczoomom And I find that I am indeed going to town today 
back to work today 
is getting ready to bury our fish...he died today 
boring today! 
i love u i need to sleep i'm sick today .. 
@HerrWulf not today? 
Dragging today 
feeling down today  I miss my famz
Has not made very much today 
I feel really fucking ugly today. 
Not feeling well today 
I so not want to work today. 
Morning All , really late today 
@JkSilentBpusher who is it against? I am not able to listen today 
Feeling very nostalgic today 
@tamipants   I was wondering what happened to you today....
I'm so tired...I start at 8:45 today. To early  
@catieviox I went to funeral today too 
is pissed that I didn't get to go running today!! 
..i graduate today 
not feeling too great today 
@Jonasbrothers movie out today but i cant go see it 
Feeling pretty poo today 
I have too much homework to do today 
today has not started out very well 
Is sick today 
funeral at 2.  today is going to be bad.
Covering for @grnturtle its slow today &amp; lonely 
i'm really tired today!! 
@drford not too good  how are you feeling today?
ugh back to work today 
Infamous should have arrived today. But it didn't... 
Not feeling comfortable with myself today 
My puppys not feeling so good today 
I hate today. 
Ugh I can't breathe right today 
doesn't get to see her fav5 today like planned 
Feeling very sad again today 
Does not feel good at all today 
I do NOT feel good today 
@itsonlytuesday I would if I wasn't working today. 
@Livvixo god I need to revise today! I'm so lazy 
Wish I didn't have to work today. 
@stevico1 Its so nice i ahd to work today 
@EmmDeeCee no he wasn't there today 
I miss matt today 
I wish I was going to see @patmaine @johnmaine @garrettmaine @jaredmaine @kennedymaine today!! I'm sad I dont 
not feeling too great today 
I am sad today 
Not feeling all that well today 
@Jenniferlai7 aww, me too. today has been good for me up until like 4? 
I didn't get my q'doba today! sad 
is so tired ive walked 6.05 kilometres today 
Feeling better today, but still sick.  
@livlovsmileGRN what happened? I thought you were coming back today.... 
feeling even worse today 
today was such a horrible dayy 
I miss nicc today. 
@vindee I missed you today. 
I ate shit today  lol
i can't bike today. saaad. 
Ugh. I feel tense and horrible today 
I'm so not feeling it today 
@burstingenergy i was invited to see that today but i had to work 
didn't get to kiss you today 
Not swimming today 
today = been sad 
seriously i am not winning today 
I'm a little sad today   I don't know why.
Feeling a little off-colour today. 
Is awake and definately not kicking   So tired still oh well back to work again today 
today was not good...i kinda expected it to be like though. 
I'm too hot already today 
Hayfever is real bad today it sucks 
i soooo wanted to be with you today... 
@tickvg will be only revising today!  you guys?
It's too nice out to go to work today 
feeling a little  today
It was so cold today! started raining our of no where! 
lost $10 at mahjong today 
its too hot today can't stand it 
@_rachaelll why today  I swwwear you guys do that intentionally
@seomoz: you seem a little down today... 
? up early again today.... B is still not feeling like herself 
i am the most jealous of @tommcfly  i wish i was going to rio today!
doesn't feel to well today! 
i'm not good today 
its faaaar to warm today 
you make me sad today 
Leaving today. 
Too lazy to get up from bed today  ugh.
Yaaawn. I'm just too lazy today 
@somernewland working today too 
Wishing @tylermillage didnt have to work today 
ugh...have to stay in today, to babysit..why is it always me... 
@Dreamm  Lol what r u doing today?
it's so nice out today....to bad i have 2 go 2 work 
Not to focused today 
Working today is going to suck so bad  not excited to go to work
I don't want to go to work today 
@teebaby89 No much really. Here working   and hoping today fly by so I can get out of here. How you doing?
Leaving las vegas...today 
I woke up late today because I couldn't sleep! 
Ugh I so don't want to go to work today 
not feelin' so hot today 
I don't feel very good  What is everyone doing today?
today we underachieved 
I so do not feel like going to work today 
@megz44 no i have one today too  i dont want to go
Scoochie the fish died today 
is feeling low today.   
i wanted to be at Valadares today with my BelovedMcFriends @lihmf7 @bahf @mahdinha and @Lisbr 
@yoamberr its been so fucked up today 
bleehhhh... tired. not looking forward to today. 
gutted everton lost today 
It's rainy today 
Working today  and it's beautiful out.
wow...today is pretty boring 
nvm...i'm not going swimming today 
doesn't want to work today 
@MrFresh  he passed I didnt know until today
I am really unhappy today.  
 lost a little one today 
i have bad ocd today 
I dont want to work today 
@hanhey yes  I woke up around 1 today
@moirabee today but 1-6 but $35 
your all being quiet today.... 
Leaving today.. So sad 
I'm tired today. 
@tcraigtyler is leaving me today 
@ACRead I know I have to do a bookpurge soon but I refuse to do it until I really have to but today showed that I might need to soon 
I don't feel cute today... 
@kicobra hey kicks im so tired today  i need my bed !
Really wanted to swim today! 
is leaving sweden today 
@shontelle_layne we came into own today to say heyy but we couldnt find u. 
@BeachMomOf2 No Fish today 
@johnrossduh dang!!!!!! i wish i could have done that today! 
cbf studying today, but i know i have to. 
I'm feeling lonely today 
is running fever  Why now, why today 
Gahhh today was boring 
no more paco today  he has work lol
i saw you today, and reliesed how much i missed you 
didn't make it to church today, i was so tired 
@mitchelmusso dudee. you didn't call me today  haha
I feel so lonely today. 
I feel that i didn't do that great today. 
@Itsnine1six I ended up not being able to go to sac today  . I didn't feel well. What are u doing
It should have snowed more today 
i feel so bad today  going to be ill? wahhh -.-
is working today 
Not going to make it back to #bcleeds90 today 
And I working 1127-2256 today 
is not looking forward to going to work today 
Simply cannot be arsed today. 
(((((@SarahWisbey))))) I feel the same today  
Scorching again today. 
i'm bummed today 
quite rightly does not want to be working today!!!  had enough already :@
Is attempting to sleep in today, but is sadly failing! 
@JulieKuhn have fun today loveee I'm sorry I can't come 
@LibbyMcfly 4 weeks ago today! 
@caitiebecker Awww I'm sorry that you are sick!!  That's no good! You know what else is no good? That I didn't see you today!
@celiciavs looove you too! didn't see you today  xo.
Not feeling well today 
I look like an alien today  
today is going to slowly.... 
should go out today but i feel ill 
@stormyzcrochet They're closed today. 
is not feeling so good today 
is not doing good today... 
I'm really down today. 
Surprisingly I am not hungover!! Still not looking forward to working today though 
is wondering just how much of a twat he must have come off as today 
Is so very sad today 
@aakast i miss you moreee  how much homework do you have today? we could hangg
Wow I really don't feel well today 
@sasjag Ah so thats why you couldn't come today 
today is going to be tiring because we went to bed a 4 
The collumbia is hoppin today! I wish we were out on our boat 
not working today  ughhh
I wish we didn't have to leave today. 
I'm not even supposed to be here today! 
Is very sad today 
awwww today was sad 
I don't feel good today 
Totally bored today.  
Not feeling like myself today 
not really feelin it today 
how is everyone today? i have been stressed 
dannnng so much to do today 
Not feeling so hot today 
Not much in twitterland today.  
Driving to work, so tired. So much to do today 
@dngr Also don't asik me why em diskelesick today 
is sooo tired today 
today is 
@youreyesdontlie we haven't talked today  i hope you're still on! i love you; xx
Overslept today 
i do not want to go to work today 
not feel so hot today 
@stephforthewin i think they just came out recently...i saw them on the site then went there today...i didnt get them tho 
I feel really crapy today 
Why am I so hungry today? 
 I ate too much today.
@onlyndreams27 We didn't have any today... 
why do i have to go back to work today 
back to work today 
Maaths exam today 
didn't want today to come 
Really don't want to be here today 
@Applecored no not really  what you up to today?
says A relative just died today  http://plurk.com/p/xkvl9
not feeling well today 
I feel alone today 
@kelly_333_333 hahaha, back today for me 
studying. today. 
i feel really shitty today 
e3 today!!!  I won't be there though.  
really dont want to go back to college today 
feeling so weak today 
I didn't wake up with you here today? 
saysI want to go out today. 
back to work today 
so much to do today ughh 
today is so rain weather 
cleaning today me thinks  x
So much to do today but so tired! 
does not feel like working today 
Not feeling well today at all 
don't want to study today 
I've been tweeting so less today 
I definitely do not feel like working today 
feeling rough today 
farrr too hot today 
do you know you make me cry? feeling  today. but still, i love you baby..
i am feeling very O-L-D today 
@cecfrombelgium i tried to call you today but i was too late 
 Not very happy today!!!!
not feeling well today 
Ugh so much to do today. Not enough time to do it all 
has to work today 
spotify is failing me today 
Overslept again today 
is feeling really down today 
I feeling really sick today... 
@lesley007 5 already today. 
So much to do today and I just can't seem to get started 
I didnt drive today 
I am so tired today, I just feel like going back to bed 
@Didagod not yet. way behind on song checkage  will do today. #promise
Not feeling too well today.  
@SaphireSav I haven't had coffee today. so   I have appointment at 220.. so maybe i'll head up there early.
i am so clumsy today. 
I'm not happy today 
@pandakai nor do i.  are you going today?
not smile today 
@DarwynXRivver it's being quite silly today 
feeling really sick today 
I don't feel very well today, and it's highly depressing 
I think we'll be hitting 90 today. Spring is over. 
Awww he's sick today 
I'm tired today 
I am feeling #73788c today. 
is very blah today 
I'm so bored.  I don't feel today... I don't know why...
it was so sunny today i got burnt!! 
Going back to work today 
feeling very lonesome today... 
I have been very busy today but could not tell you what I have actually accomplished.  
@robdyrdek Didn't get to meet you today 
Not feeling well today 
I can't believe @thatlass has actual disappeared today 
really tired today  
@BootcampMommy what happened? today was that bad?!? 
a little ornery today 
Not feeling well today.... 
I ate so much today 
Why is twitter being an asshole today? 
Not feeling very good today 
So stressed. I barely tweeted today 
It's SO hot today. And I didn't even get to swim. 
I got really burnt today and it's not fun 
@qmuser can't sleep here, so today is lasting forever for me 
@followilliam i got rejected by somewhere today because i was too young, too. 
@cassowaryjewel it didn't get about 50 today 
Where were you when i needed you today 
@Clifsoulo LOL i dont like it today  LOL
I feel washed out today 
not overlly happy today.... and not 100% sure why 
@shimo just had a funeral to go to today and it was sad 
@Carlenn  I wanted to see you today
@awalker2334 your so lucky you go to talk to @oliviamunn today 
i didn't see him at all today.. 
hasnt been feeling too good today, I hate winter 
back to work today 
What is wrong with you today @StellaBellaButt? 
Completely voiceless today 
is back to work today! 
Not feeling well today 
@astynes I'm get nowhere fast today as well. 
@tmmcwilliams yesh i was earlier today  but i'm good now..
@ckkl I grew some today and regretted it 
i'm so sleepy today 
I do not want to work today 
 i feel very poorly today 
very sad today.......   
I've got facial today..its very extremely paintful 
It's not as hot today. 
I don't feel well. I'm not coming in today.  
Working today 
Not feeling very swish today. @chrismou has given me swine flu 
I don't want to work today 
Does not want to go to gym today 
@chuckphie What did you have to do today? 
I am feeling extremely sneezy today! 
Working today 8-8 
Still sick today 
@Notrox not speaking to me today I'm hurt and sad  #mmot
Dreading today 
@Dinofa I wish I could have been there for it today.  Next one I'll try and make it.
Hey hey hey! I am sorry about that  what are you doing today?
It's really pissing down today 
I'm sick today... 
http://twitpic.com/6gosu - i am NOT feelin it today 
Tireeed and cellphoneless today  . No more texting. AHHbooo.
I can't believe I'm 38  today 
i'm feeling very sad today 
is feeling a little dopy today and sleep deprived 
Feeling pretty discouraged today. 
I was actually early today but I was so early that I distracted myself and made myself late 
impossible to wake up today 
noo it rained today! 
@JessicaBxo I miss you  and I bought teenvogue today :}
@SassySenna I'm so tired...  How are you today?
Ugh back to work today... So depressing 
@flyfisherwiz well crap.  i guess i will just have to do without today 
I wish i could've seen him today... 
@TheDavidBlaise you won't be able to buy it today it only ships 
it wont let me vote again today 
not feeling very well today 
Feeling really blue today.  
@nerdwriter I dunno...just don't feel right today. 
so upset I had to miss @sarahdessen at Borders today   
today was awful 
been awake since 5:35! Chinese final today! Toooo nervous! 
@dangsdunks you are selfish today. 
Late start today 
It's really cold today, 
@omfgitsella YAY !!! i think i can too .... i have sore throat today  haha
Morning back to work today 
tumblr'ing, myspacing, and now, twittering. not much to do today, boo 
I really cannot be arsed today! 
Too tired today 
@hardstyler24  i can;t go shuffle today srry 
had oatmeal today and it doesn't taste so good 
today I am learning how to code... I got bullied into it 
Hey twitterville, i been busy today 
Hoping it won't rain today 
has been left on her own today 
Working today 
today is not going to be good 
ahhhhhhhhhhh so so so bored &amp; it's cold outside today     i know i moaned about it but i secretly liked it :')
is soon of to work, don't feel like working today... just feeling tired of everyuthing!!!! 
Feeling knackered today. Definitely getting old ! 
Going to the hostibal today. 
ughhh, i hate today 
is EXTREMELY cranky today.  :'(
don't know what to do today, I wish it was sunny again 
i do not feel well today 
Another funeral today 
@tommcfly glad to know you've been listening, it's freezing here today! 
I really, really don't want to go to work today 
I hope today is better than I think it's going to be. 
I feel sick today 
Staying in today, I think I've been having a little too much sun 
I hope it doesn't rain today 
@IamMsRose don't curve me today 
I don't feel good today. 
Is not feeling all that well today. I wish I had stayed in bed. 
Pisssed already today!!! Why do i care? I'm used to it! 
@SmahleyyKnightt come over today! 
I definitely got it bad today  ...
not looking forward to today!!! 
not that hot out today  !!
so tired i dont want to work today 
Not fragrent at all today. 
Marching today. 
Filming today and got a little sunburnt 
is sick today 
today did not start off well. 
I really don't want to work today. 
is not feeling well today 
so bored today 
@JustJamie it crashed on me today too 
I wish I wasn't so sick so I could drive today 
david karidean died today 
I definitely should have run today but didn't  #blamedrewscancer
I'm very sad today 
why must I go to work today 
I'm here, there, and everywhere today... 
@dantzypantz we leave today! I'm so sad 
It's going to rain today, I am so sure 
@LukeStratford awwww.... I have to go to work today 
today has been so horrible  I just want to go back :c
Is sick...  I didn't even go to work today....
Has to go back to work today 
raining today ! 
I don't want to go to work today 
@whatsinyourbox forgot to pack today... 
I am sick today. 
I don't want to work today 
so coooooold. i wish it was later today 
It's kind of cold out today. 
Not feeling very good today 
#dool is sure making me cry today 
housecleaning today 
i really miss my ammaci today 
i really miss my ammachi today 
I am not feeling well today 
is sick today 
@susanjung I'm so jealouuussss. I want @fliphappycrepes too, but they close too early today 
is feelin quite sad today 
I am sooo sooo sooo sleepy today! 
can not focus today 
@Wiltedrose23 he came in today and I wasn't there!! 
Not looking forward to work today 
@emalinesoctopus Sadly the music today is not up to me. 
Feeling really sick today. 
We were going to go today but didn't.  
is sick today... 
@muntz she did leave today 
I so don't feel like working today 
@droxey i didn't even look outside today 
staying in today 
@AndTheProphet AshLee, can you talk today? I miss talking to you. 
I don't want to work today 
calis leaving today 
I hate that i havent tweeted that much today 
bored, dont have anythin to do today 
i feel sick today 
@qosborn it's looking pretty flat out there today 
@iamsuperbianca I know, I feel so sluggish today! 
Family over today so no more tweeting from me  
Why do I feel sad if I saw you today...??? 
I missed breakfast today.. 
Wow! I'm bored today 
i feel disgusting today 
Is bummed that she cant go out today 
going to primrose vally today its just ashhame it raining 
Working today 
Leaving today 
Orchiderium is closed today. 
Incredibly crappy weather here today 
i feel so ill today 
revising today 
can't get going today  Zzzzzzzz
is extremely unmotivated today 
Why do i have to work today? 
got to go to work today 
feeling very very bore today 
i m bored today.. 
Working today again... 
i feel so unbelievably hideously crap today  but i have so much work to do i should just get on with it.
Really strugglin today  need to talk too @XsarahX93
arghh! I'm so freezin cold today  x
is soooo not looking forward to today. At all. 
Not feelin very good today 
it's really cold &amp; i don't want to go to work today. 
does not want to go to work today. 
sooooooooooooooooo don't feel up to working today  
not feeling too bright today 
Mulching today.   hopefully it goes quickly and I don't burn.
I can't remember what I'm supposed to be doing today 
I don't want to work today 
So much to do today...and nowhere to escape 
I feel sad today... but I don't really know why... 
Feeling very very tired today. 
ughhhhhh i just woke up i have to do yard work today 
Just beat today. I don't want to get out of bed. 
@carrieberriex3 That if I got it today it would be almost $500 
I wish it was sunny! I want to lay out today! 
I thought it was suppose to be sunny today 
not feeling so hot today 
It's not nice today 
@TiaMaria8 I'm working today 
I really don't feel well today... 
Why is noone talking to me today? 
Ughhhhhh why must I work today??? 
is sad.  No PowerPuffGirls today.  http://plurk.com/p/yxiqm
It's cold today.  Haha.
@Nekrosangelo no... i'm not really feeling too well today 
not going to rochester today like i was hoping. 
I really need to quit being so lazy today 
Really weepy today 
@phillycariaso I would but i didnt drive in today 
http://twitpic.com/6reze - aghhh i can't believe i forgot about this today!! 
Leaving memphis today 
I'm feeling bad today 
@wtfuckk 'cause i woke up 5:30 a.m today. 
really wants chinese =/ not happy today 
Working another double today 
I didn't get paid today after all... 
I really don't think I like today 
It is miserable out today 
Working a double today 
babysittin today and not happy that I am not going to see him now!!! 
i'm feeling really sick today 
It's really hot today 
not feeling the greatest today.... sooo i'm just lounging around. 
@frauGeier83 - I'm not so sure, I'm just really down today 
Too cold really to eat outside anywhere today 
@bowwow614 : Awww I was sad, u said u wasn't go be online today...  ...*LadyGame
@peachcherub i didn't know it was today 
@182dany i want to talk to you... today was abseloutly horrible and abseloutly amazing... both. can't write this here.. 
@lenaartis what's wrong today? 
@Deadcatgirl14 I miss you too, I hope your going to be on today. 
@pippercat  I don' t need mean today 
@sonnie_inkstar I did today lol I got tired of looking at that one 
I got burnt today 
my noles lost today 
@kellyjelly_bean ah that reminds me, i missed half of it today  poo
http://twitpic.com/6snnl - today, i'm so tired..  
is 22 today 
@dasWuslon I could only see it twice. I wanted to see it again today. 
@FashnsSwthrt u know what today is.. 
oof. I very suddenly got a very bad cold today. 
I wont be able to go to church today 
We went past still today and I got sad 
@nishita1 I havent talked to you today 
@bethanygirlll I know, it makes me so sad. I hardly talked to you today 
Needing essi more than ever today 
@brittanimorgan i had a fastrak soothie today and it made me think of us 
really sad i didn't see up today  
@johnespy wtf i just got one today 
 today isn't the best.
i feel ugly today 
today will be boring.. so much hw..... 
so hot  today 
I don't want to work today 
hopefully today won't be so bad 
is considering staying in bed today 
Just got up.. I have to learn so much today. 
is all alone today 
@aras_p It is raining heavily here today 
i am feeling so bored today 
well its quiet on here today 
I'm sick today 
is not feeling very well today 
i'm bored today 
@prasand I'm leaving today 
isnt feeling it today, 
not sure I'm going to make it to #twiffleball today, but I will try to. 
I am sorry for being a little late to start today 
i am finally graduating today, wow i am getting old 
Not feeling 100% today 
@heidigoseek  can you stay and rest today?
have to work today 
boooooooo i fly home today.  
I really don't want to go to work today 
i don't want to go to work today . really. wahhh 
I don't want to work today 
so much to do today...should get strarted 
working BY myself today - soooo lonely!!  entertain me!!
@angelface0608 trying to but it's not working out to well.  I might just not work today 
sore throat today 
@lydiabarling  i tuned it off  i dont know why its like this today.    
It's totally going to rain today 
I'm not feeling well today......boo 
The fish aren't biting at all today. 
ugh not feeling well today 
I might not make it to paintball today 
not so good today... 
@stevencrowder isn't feeling well today 
@theluma So you cant make it today? 
is so sad that @katiemckenna will not travel to edison today 
not feeling so hot today 
I can't believe I'm leaving today 
 I cant make it today
so fuulllll.. but jazera don't taste tooo nice today! 
Doesn't feel good today!! 
Recovering...what to do today?  Too bad it's not sunny enough to lay out 
ambular is leaving today... so sad 
Really missing A today. 
Trying not to be too physchotic today 
Not feeling good today 
Never got ihop  Who wants to do somethinn today ?!
@stormbrew Really want to go but I can't make it today.   I really need to make it to one of these though.
Working... slow here at T-mobile today 
Just feel blahhhhhh today 
Not feeling at my best today  How are you?
not feeling well today. 
I really don't want to work today!  
I don't want to work today 
@Linsomniac sorry, today is Damnit'sworktomorrowday for me...  but yaaay for youuuuu
WTF!!??   today did not go as planned..... 
has not been productive today at all. 
can i not go to work today? 
@risaarei dont be mad  i missed you today!
got a littttle too much sun today 
@shisk I'm hoping this isn't one of those   I haven't even been able to eat today
doesn't like what she was informed of today 
my biffles going to bali today  i miss her!
@iiMMA_kiinq yess I'm go I'm been sad today 
@Kaittycat What happened? I didn't go today 
saw him today. 
i feel very distant from @catiegirl today 
@beachdork  we're going today. 
@brookebelbot Did you die today? I feel like I haven't talked to you at all. 
@schaeferj89 ow  do you have much to do today?
@JennysMyName why is today so bad? 
today just doesn't want to quit, it keeps going and going and going! 
@AlejandraDuhh there was a chat today? no i guess i missed it 
@NIYANA i missed yu  wat yu been up 2 today ?
just isnt feeling 100% today 
doesn't feel so good today.. ugh, i don't want to be sick.. 
i got sunburned today 
@JonathanAB I know what you mean! It looks like I am going to be working really late today 
i wish i didnt go hoop today.....fuckinshit 
@gnakrefinnej I am sad that you weren't there today! 
Off to othradontist today 
@maxinealisha is looking majorly shiteous today. 
Is 25 today.  old!
Really don't want to leave today 
i have just got up, still very tired  want's to go out somewhere good today tho
Wish I was at UXLondon today 
@Miofar I'm not really up for running today, getting worried about how much i have to do between now and going away 
I don't feel that good today.. 
booo @prophet_elisha leaving today 
is barely awake today....so tired and have to go to work. 
@gelabean ANGELAAAAAA, I hardly talked to you today. 
doesn't want to go to work today 
I am so dreading going to work today 
back to work today 
I don't want to work today 
working today...9-5 
Is sad to be leaving chicago today 
@Stacii_xo i missed it today 
@DarkPiano  I'll be thinking about you today.
Is it going to rain today? or soon? Joints are achy. 
- so trange today 
starting today...no more pop 
I'm up, and very tired, why do I have to go to work today? 
Is not feeling well today 
Presenting today, I hope I don't choke up their 
i think its suppised to rain today  ugh
@toomanydresses I'm so unmotivated today... 
ugh tutorial today 
wow it's hot out today 
Feeling somewhat sick today. 
it's 17:33 and it's very boring today... 
today is just super....S-U-P-E-R!!! 
@sinyamarie I work today 
i don't want to intern today!! it's sooooo nice out 
I'm not feeling very productive today. 
sad that @happywalks is not working today!  
Not feeling well today 
pulled a deltoid from drumming today  I'm at 12 :o
I don't feel very good today... 
Not feeling well at all today 
I fell over today and got some owwys. 
@enosaka You got got today. 
I totally didn't tear up today. 
not feeling so hot today 
don't feel good today 
I feel ugly today 
is a little lost today... 
can't seem to smile today 
I feel very unattractive today. 
LOL!! I love you! @craftingmadness I agree! I can't waaiitt to see you later today! 
what to do! i need to go out somewhere. too bad i can't see best today. 
Still sick today, not contagious and well enough to work but still sick..  *sigh*
So hot today. 
I've got to babysit today. 
Only 1908 lines today.  
i missed my #squarespace today. 
Has been so busy today! 
@arjbarker So overcast and cold today 
today just really didn't stop 
@VitaniEsmy505 It's been okay but i don't feel so good today 
@vampradio i will just have to listen today 
today was depressing 
I feel groggy today. 
....today is just not going well at all.... 
@katiegb_78 I worked on that one today.... Not so great 
i really wanted to see ellen today 
@SuperwomanAK but it DID rain again today 
is feeling so blah today! 
So...My Hunee is away. I tried not to miss him today, but I failed miserably. 
@roxannemarie well maybe if you invited me today i would have 
i can't practice choir today, i'm very tired 
Feeling so depressed today 
not feeling very well today... 
wow. today has been really hard. 
i don't feel loved today 
i think i will be really late today! 
maybe today will be better? if not... why not just give up completely 
is not well today  
my hayfeaver is really bad today! 
Really cba to go to work today  but only 9 shifts left!
i`m sick today 
I feel soooo inefficient today 
Never find it hard to get out of bed but found it really hard yday and today 
- Not feeling very well at all today 
Going to a funeral today 
I dont think i will be able to see haasil today 
is tired today boo 
working late today... 
I feel rubbish today 
Going to dentist today 
i hate today so much. 
Not well today, back to bed 
@Glowboy2006 I meet be needing that later today! This bites 
doesn't want to go to college today 
can't decided what to wear today 
I don't feel very well today 
@alphacat1 annoyed that i missed your blogtv today 
is feeling very ill today 
disappointed for today. too bad he transferred. sayang. ugh. 
I should have stayed in bed today 
@pdouglas second one I've received today 
is still sore today and still bleeding! 
does not want to work today 
quite sad today, been crying all morning 
i'm up wayyyyyy too early today  ugh!
@facunditas yeah true, I'm so mentally tired from stressing over it today 
wow today is going slow 
Not looking forward to being under staffed today 
So i got all cute today to find out i have to babysit 
working alone today 
I really don't want to do laundry today! 
Not feeling to chipper today 
i think i got sick. and i feel very bad today 
is not feeling too good today! 
i leave today 
going to the funnerual today 
@BrentLauren I started today 
I dont want to go to work today 
i'm not okey today. 
It's too hot today. 
is doing absolutely nothing today 
I am draggin' today! 
deym! I feel so sad today . i dunno why ......... 
not feeling so well today 
is going to hate today. 
didnt go to work today because she is sick 
is not feeling great today 
more or less the same today 
I did not want to get up today 
I forget what I'm suppssed to do today  help?
@shawnstjames i'm good. trying to wake up. i have so much stuff to do today  but yes, i can't wait! it will be lovely.
i should have said it today,,  but i was too scared 
I'm tired today 
1 down..3 more to go...2 of which are today 
Feeling very lonely today 
just sitting here.....yeah, not that creative today 
@WiildChyld / lol you taller than me?I feel extra short today 
Why is everyone leaving early today? I want to go too, but can't 
i are sick today  but still happy and all!
is workin too much today 
@jasminelily He's moving out today 
Not very much sun today 
@hesondeck they dont want to kick it wit me today  lol
@katiemayyy why were you not in today!? 
its too hot today 
@emony21 we tried to put one on and...it said it was too big and that's the only one I wanted  I will put 1 up today just for you!
doesn't feel good today. very sad 
i hav to babysit today... 
not enough cherry today!!  
I don't know what to do with myself today 
I'm a junior! Aww I made it so close to not crying today! 
today completely sucks. 
 i hate today (((
I don't feel very good today 
I won't be able to see @velvetyink today. 
Doesn't want to go to class today 
I'm feeling fat today 
very tired today 
I haven't showered yet today. I'm gross 
I'm sick today twitterville 
today was good, then bad, then good. now i don't know how i feel about it 
Not looking forward to work AT ALL today. 
feeling so down today .. tying not to cry and feel so guilty 
Ugh, today. 
so cold today 
I did not buy today my Urbe 
@alexisamore I can't find him today drove around trying to find him. 
@maextar missed you today gorgeous! 
@shimmyshake already worked out today 
@ireneogrodnik I gave up today 
sooo not feeling good today - at all 
@railasoares what's happening? you seemed pretty down today 
I feel so fat and ugly today. 
I can't believe all i did today was read and sleep. I haven't felt this bad in awhile 
I think i might die. I haven't twittered really today. 
@EricJamesJr  I don't work today 
is struggling today.. 
My boinga was mad at me today 
@SleepTight666 I am missing you today. 
@ThomDaugherty had one of those today.  Not fun 
@AgentWhiskers  noooo,, Essamibear z3laan,, i wont tweet today 
it was weird not seeing him today. 
is going fishing today. Just have to work first 
today really sucked 
I learned some belly dancing today. I totally suck. 
Morning all yawwwwwwn  so not ready for today!!!
@drrreww  did you dahnce today?
not feeling very well today.. 
I don't want to work today 
I don't feel very well today 
Raining today 
Not feeling very well today!! 
doesn't want it to rain today 
Jaded today 
@DaisyPoppets  Has hayfever decided to attack you aswell as me today too 
I am bored today 
has to pack today 
getting ready to go to a funeral today, not fun 
tour of brockaaa today.. although probably not because its raining 
i'm quite sad today and i'm not sure why 
Not very well today 
I'm probably going to be crying today 
Just started to rain, can't go out then today 
@lexia later today? or just later later? 
is i'll and actually wanted to go to skl today 
not wanting to work today 
Up earrrly today  lol
I'm quite slow today 
so I was going to buy LVATT today.. but I couldn't.. so I have to wait. 
Ugh moving very very slow today 
ugh, I want to sleep in today... 
@akagia too bad I dressed down today 
today is boring me 
i just found out i have to work today 
Ugh, not feeling too hot today. Hopefully I'll feel better later 
i sob when i think about today and how utterly long it is. 
I dont want to work today 
back to work today... 
Why am I so dizzy today? 
Decided not to call in today, but I may leave early. 
It better not rain today! 
My little one is sick today.  
Just not feelin it today! 
@KatrinaBTW hello. feeling down today? 
I am soooo laaaame today 
@rockevans it's supposed to be available today, right? I went to update and couldn't. 
Wow..I'm feeling abandoned today 
I have so much crap to do today. I don't want to do any of it 
had to put cat to sleep today. 
Has to work again today! 
i dont fell so good today 
@ToKyoDiARy @brittanyerin JIZZ JIZZ but its rainning today? 
is feeling pretty crappy today 
@VirtualRaven I'm not feeling well today 
Working a funeral today 
I will go to class today, I will go to class today, I will go to class today.. 
Not feeling good today 
i wanted baby to stay with me today... 
just working and not feeling so good today 
@ashlove sorry, it has been disliking me today too 
I don't think the #30secondstomars trending topic, will happen today. 
Does not feel good today 
I'm sick today. 
Not psyched on working today 
@gujjubhai369 I didn't get mine today 
today I'm hungry......     
Oh no! I forgot to #squarespace today!  It could have been meee 
@ChefMaxient You are SO right! I haven't had any today! 
reallyreallyreallyreally doesn't want to work today!!!!!! 
Missed @rachelroseberry today 
its really rainy today 
I worked so hard today....I'm tired and starving!!  
yay had fun today....I have a tummyache 
I feel crappy today 
I really really don't want to workout today 
@erinzorz Lonely? Where is everyone today? 
@BRITTANYBOSCO doesn't love me. I called her today &amp; she didn't answer. 
Feeling pretty gross today. 
Just finished running for today!  blahh
I'm just feeling so damn blah today.  I hate it.
@Shellaaaay I know! Too bad you couldn't hang out today 
@katherinea1492 here i am!! haha i miss you! today was soo sad 
Doesn't feel like going out today but i have to 
today has been soooo boring ! 
wished i wasn working today 
i'm not feeling well today 
@benmulvaney  did you get injured again today?  
Sooooooooo hot today, we are melting 
kristen once again disappointed me today. i dont know what to do with her. it's illegal to beat her 
@2kutekreations Oh no I missed itttttttttttttttttttt   I am sickkkkk and slow today   Sorryyyy! I'm sure you were fabluous though!
didn't get to see any jonases today 
@heartvix you didn't go today! 
I got very sunburned today 
I got sunburnt today. 
@Catincluded you ditched me today!!  
Ughhh I have to do housechores today!! 
@bombDUH i missed you today 
got caught today 
today could either go really good or really bad 
back to work today 
feeling crapy today 
@drmc08 0745-1815 today! 
i keep rehashing today.. not good. so not every good...  
holy headacheeee  today was awesome up until nowww 
really not feeling 100% today 
feeling quite crap today 
@CaliSzFinest you didnt hit me up today 
Jst about to leave  Cnt b bothered today :| x
Feeling depressed today...I need cheering up 
Why am I awake!! It's early and I'm off today 
so much to do today... don't want to but 
It's too early !  today is NOT loosing promising.
McWiFi speed McSucks today 
is  pissed off and fed up today 
Just forgot what I had to do today ... 
i'm soooo boooorrrreeeedddddd today 
Is bored and doesnt know what to do today 
has prom today but is actually quite gutted 
Pleeeease let there be no traffic on the 91 today! 
Ah I hope it doesn't rain agen today 
Not feeling so hot today 
Feeling so sick today, might be a cold. What should I take?? 
is so tired today 
Not too sure if I can function today... I'm definitely sleep deprived 
argh, today has simulated 
i am starting to think that i should have had breakfast today 
damn it, i'm feeling so tired today! i don't know why! 
have to open today  I forgot how
So screwed today 
today is boring 
Is 35 today 
@lfesvr They asked us to come too, but we all had to go to work   I knew if I went I would have been dead today   I wanted to go soo bad
@NickSwisher I think you'll be rained out today 
ahhh i have so much to do today 
saw the most beautifully formed shelf cloud today! Then I got soaked 
not feeling good today 
Why did I have to wake up today? 
@senormair I'm hurting today  x
@djcure Missed u today 
going running.   at least i didnt have to get up early today to do it.
i just can't wake up today 
have to go to court today. 
I can't stop sneezing today.  #squarespace
Tired....don't feel like working today....it's raining to... 
has to work today. 
@fiendishlyfoxxy I'm stuck over here today 
@DonnieWahlberg TWUGS aren't twending anymore today  where's the TWOVE?
how come every one has today off but me 
It does not want to let me in today    #creativetechs
I'm not feeling too hot today 
just couldn't keep it together today 
@DonnieWahlberg I need to be twugged today 
I am wondering where @adaly is today?  I thought I would have seen her by now! 
Doesn't feel good at all today 
@kluysterborg me toooo!  i'm dead today
Not feeling too good today 
is very unhappy today!! 
@JohnGreenaway It's not fair the manics were there today 
I got fired today 
is not feeling to good today 
not feeling exactly great today 
today I woke up and I was even more sick 
@jeanniffer not today 
Doesn't feel like going to work today 
I don't qant to go to work today 
i was really looking forward to watching the u.s. open today. 
Not feeling so swell... I think its because I neglected to eat sufficiently today. 
Going to sleep....exhausted today 
I feel fat today. 
is very moody today   Trying to kick it but it's just not working.
U being mean to me today y is that? 
@ChryssyLynn  ugh...i thought he @211me was a twitterholic? not today 
@jslabovitz i hate that i missed it today  
I got soooo burnt today 
I also forgot to eat today 
got burnt today 
@ShawnTJohnson not today 
says i really feel bad today  http://plurk.com/p/120y8k
is so bored! I don't get to got out today 
So today definately sucked. 
thought to have sunbathing today.... but now stuck to work.... 
@LorenMoore i drank all mine today 
not really exited about today 
@HappyHousewife @fivejs hasn't been speaking to me today. I'm beginning to think she's mad at me. 
is hella fucking bored i didnt do shit today 
I don't want to work today 
just woke up.i dont want to work today 
@leeroymac07 never said I feel good today, just that I finally got to sleep. Eventually 
@heidilady19 you're getting picked on today. 
doesn't feel good today!  
pretty bummed i didnt get to see alexisonfire today 
@kenan14 I'm just hoping I actually get mine today 
@tonaleclipse09 hey pooper! i didn't get to see you today!!! 
I wish today never happened. On top of that, I miss @ShotgunShaena and we didn't get to hang out tonight 
Trying to get off the bed  I feel lazy today!
today was sooo boring! 
@KCPickard I wasn't feeling good today! 
isnt feeling 100% today, not feeling too great at all 
I wish I was off today 
@JanixAmoroso I feel sad today too.  why are u?
@PaterzAttack my net is stuffing up today so i dont think i can get on 
I didn't tweet as much as usual today 
been laid off today great 
i feel sad, because he got fever today 
Not feeling it today 
It's proper cold today 
@reddd88 I dont want you to go to work today! 
is reviewing today, but can't really be arsed 
Is not happy today, not happy at all 
Ugh...I don't feel like going to work today 
@mchlj990 Not so productive for me today! 
@Dougx1 you were suppose to come over today 
@molenik doesn't look like i am making it to jaffa today 
It's hard to get out of bed today....so tired! 
English final today 
It's rainy for the wedding today.  I hope it clears up.
@Tommrob awful today, unfortunately... extremely hung over  you?
sooo tired and hungover... too bad I have to work today 
Just noticed i'm feeling very very ill today 
it's so boring today.. 
heading off to work to enjoy a double today 
TeamFundays! I'm sooo sorry.  I can't seem to log on to our dailybooth.  I have failed for today. Can you guys log in?
I hardly tweeted today.. don't know why 
It's raining today. 
I feel sad today, why couldn't it be like it was. 
I have just gotten really depressed, today isn't going very well 
I cannot get out of bed today 
@redeyechicago great!! I left jolene exposed today 
 only 15:00 - slow today.
not feeling so great today 
I just remembered I have overtime today from 5p - 10p. 
have to work outside today... its not very nice out  i hope i dont get MORE sick
not feeling very well today 
@DonnieWahlberg where are the #Twugs today i didn't get one 
Not feeling very inspired today 
It's so gloomy today! 
agh i feel gross today 
It would rain today! 
@shermianz me too. I didnt have dinner today. 
@jasonhilimire no, not today 
i don't want to be productive today. 
@jdubb4113.. they seperated us today.. 
i want to be visited today 
I wanted to work out today. 
@HandsomeBob29 i work today  till like 9 or later
@PhillyGG can't FF me today? I don't want to live anymore! 
@BrennaWyllie can't remember if i told you this, but i can't go to town today 
my alregies are killing me today 
Couldn't see her today. 
@ashimagery we missed you today 
I feel so bad today 
can't wait for today to be over, not such a good one 
It feels good to be home... today has been tiring.  I just ate, but I'm still hungry 
I dont think i get to drive today 
Its so overcast today 
If i never said i love you, will you still be hurt today ? 
I'm scared to face today.. 
I don't want to go to cwts today 
batting average after today 538 befour today 600 
We're leaving today!!!! 
holy moly, I feel quite terrible. Not going to ride today now either 
@timlopez I read this earlier today and it made me cry.  so sad and so sweet.
feeling pretty gross again today 
@knotby9 HEY Where were you at today? #TheGanjaBus just isn't  same when your not on it  
@mmitchelldaviss they didnt have any when i went earlier today.. 
i think i screwed up today 
@alexshellchou Do you finally get to relax today, or are you working some more? 
Going to sleep.  Wow, today made me kind of hopeful and happy.  I pray to god that this turns out to be good.  Even if he doesn't agree. 
she's really gone, when i went to work today.. she wasn't there anymore  i miss her...
working today 
I feel miserable today 
I feel sick today 
i'm so homesick  fortunately I get home today
@AlieRenee we broke up today... 
I feel really poorly today 
I really wish I had today off 
I am sooo hungover today.. it sucks! I cant drive 
I feel sooo crap  so much for going out today 
i thought today maybe good,but i was so totally wrong 
I really do not know what to do today. 
it's raining today 
@mccarthief I'll be gone most of today too 
Hayfever is bad today 
Aching all over today.  Have to go to work now as well boooo.
I don't want to work today 
not feeling too well today 
I got up too early today... 0730 
My unlce died today 
Not feeling so well today 
Forgive me father for I have sinned, I have been very tharkyish today.. 
just woke up..still tired..need to clean rom today 
Hendrikks going away party is today 
Not feeling to good today 
i expected so much today... 
Raining today 
It's super hot today! 
can't believe how quickly today has disappeared 
feeling better today still tired though 
Does not want to go to work today 
trying to wake up...slept horrible.  and trying to figure out what to do today - overcast 
@SeanSantalla, i wish we coulda had breakfast today 
Ugh I'm feelin it today 
i feel gross today 
I'm up! I really really wish i had today off 
@bizzzah I wish I have today off like you  lol
Why is twitter dead today? 
i'm not feelin' too good today 
@karpadiem I can if I'm in Htown today 
@daverosin that's horrible!  are you guys still playing today?
should've been somewhere else today 
Really, really not looking forward to work today. Or ever again.  #squarespace
feeling a little worse for wear today 
I think I'm giving up for today. 
I got dumped today  . . . Now I'm free! #HighFive!
Ugh, so bored today! 
Feeling pretty bad today... Not liking this at all. 
i really need to go running...so unmotivated today though 
it's going to rain today, bummmmer 
is sunburnt and tired today. 
qosh today is qoinq by slowlyy  haha.. waitinqq.
hey peoples! i just woke up! but i wont be on much today 
i'm so blah today.  i need cheering up.
Not feeling good today. 
might die today 
isnt feeling very well today.... 
no mermaid parade today 
@BonnieZink I really don't think so.  Not sure what is wrong with me but I am just feeling totally hateful today.  
I missed my gumbiens today  @AllCharlesDavid @stephjonesmusic  @BRITkneeB @LizzyV12 @RockBella @DeJuanDeJuan that's all I could find LOL
just waking up... I have to work today...  
Feeling fat today. No I'm not fat I just feel fat. I need to figure out what to wear. 
working again today...and yet i don't want to 
@stargirlreads Because she has to babysit today! 
Why is everyone hating on me today  ...
I don't know why but I'm sad today. 
@milahbsays i wish too chica.. i called.. i tried.. but its busy in there today  what are you doing around 8?
definitely not tryna go to work today 
Not feeling so good today 
@andrehurtado no, not today 
i dont want to get out of bed today at all 
Why is today not starting out so great? 
i got sackedd today 
it's hot today 
Not feeling well today.  
Pretty bummed today. 
@squarespace where are you today?!  #squarespace
He totally forgot what today is! LOL 
I'm not really happy today! 
@theclickchick you are working today? 
I dont want to work today 
is headed to work  i would much rather stay curled up in bed and just sleep today away not feelin very well at all
Wondering why I'm feeling so down today. 
Working today 
waiting for today to be over!!! 
doesnt want to work today 
feeling soo stressed out and soo alone today. 
@curlywallst why would they do that???  i just mailed one today!
I dont think i like my twitascope today.......... boooooo. 
i wish it was hot today 
Why am I soooo moody today?!? I know I need to snap out of it, but knowing that I'm moody only makes me feel worse 
been pretty upset today 
@tgs6488  sad you couldn't hang out today with craig and me 
He seems different today...   neenahhhbabe(:
@UUrayan NOOOOOOOO! I forgot it was today. 
I chipped 2 teeth today. 
@deadletters23 today was lame for me too. 
has work today 
I don't want to work today 
@magdolenelives Isn't it just? I noticed that earlier today. 
i didn't get to chat with my frinds today..how sad 
too trired today i study till i drop 
I'm extremely sad today. 
@simsimba21 so disappointed about today!!! 
missed u today! 
@LizzieMacfrenzy I'd rather not, it's too painful  what's goin daaaaan today?
Really can't be arsed to go to work today 
site: doesn't seem to be working in google today 
Ugh, I have to go back to work today. 
Really doesnt want to go to work today  x
is about to go to church and has to go to work at 4 today woo woo 
doesnt know what to do today 
where's micky to talk to me today? 
is very blah today  
Feeling very unhappy today, don't ask why 
@enginerd1219 so I guess we're both baking-less today 
in S.C. today and it's raining 
ugh...so tired....have to go to work today 
@sunnysunnysunny -- but I guess I was still unprepared. I didn't think that he'd go today 
@xcadaverx you leavin today? 
is graduating today... 
I really want to spin today, but I must pack. 
Feeling bad today 
I hate today 
Not feeling well today 
ugh don't feel well today 
I don't feel very well today &amp; I don't know why 
Still not feeling too hot today 
Decided not to race today  Not feeling great mentally so have decided to train instead
have to work a double today 
chillen with my dadd. possibly working today. 
barely functioning today 
My dadys workin today  but will see him soon, love you!
@mmckayylaa i'm leaving today. 
so i was suppose to go running today... but that never happened. 
feeling rubbish today 
woof woof it's colder out today, so no walky 
I have no one to hang out with today 
Is headache central today  i am. Not well x
drewtube's not cooperating today 
Not feeling a 100% today, when will I feel better again? 
I could get so much more done today if I didnt have to go to work 
@Britishjam wasnt the same with you not in it today 
So sad I have to work today... 
it sux to be sick    i feel sooo crappy today uuggghhh
Not feeling too great today. 
@FYDriver I don't even have chocolate today. 
@carasneddon no not really.. the 44? ;P what was wrong with you today? 
@ReeReeKins I'm sad to say I haven't been doing so well today 
Wondering why I feel so dang miserable today. 
Is hella cranky today.   .......
I got sunburned today 
I feel so yuckey today  blahh
No advanced screening of Transformers today because I can't get out to @ObserverDallas before they close. 
Yay.get to work at 5:45 today.... 
Not feeling so great today ugh 
@shannonpoole ok, just let me know ~ today was nutzo 
Not feeling to well today 
@MCBeck7 they filed for one today 
@loveistherythm i wish i could have seen him today 
today is already so fucked up and it's not even lunch yet. 
are both working today 
@ProducerAlayna trying to avoid working out today 
@iamnicolebell where were you today? 
They woke me up early today 
it's toooo hot out today 
not feeling too well today 
wondering if i can afford the vampiric special today from creepyhollows - probably not so have to pass.  
my allergiess are acting up  today will be boring .
@cascandar no whatisit today? 
@ONLYsunnybunny im bored to! i hate you guys. we were suppose to go down today!! 
not feeling well today 
I love @mjpoke ! @vendittoli where r u today? Awfully quiet 
today sucked 
 today just suckedd
I seriously can't move, so much walking today 
I cant concentrate today 
@CharlieLouFox awwwr maybe twitter is just going slow today 
I got attacked by a bird today 
ugghh, sick again today 
r @BigDaveGrizzly Not I, not feeling well today 
waiting for today to be over!!! 
I feel terrible about what I said today 
So it hit me today..he's not coming back for another 4daaays. &amp;I'm dyinnnn here! 
@IamDory Tried to go today, but it was sold out... 
didnt do anythingg today 
@Silentending what's wrong?  I've just got up, really don't want to go to work today 
i know  &amp; i did today !
Goodmorning, today I sleeped very bad 
I didn't get to talk to jeremy at all today 
not feeling well today 
I don't want to get up today 
@sakbaboy I am on it, I have to fly back to Q8 today though 
Its so cold today 
today i thought about him! haiz! i don't know wat i have to do now! cause he forgot me 
a little burnt from today 
Doesn't want to go to work today 
My kid is ill today 
Goodmorning. I'm ill today.  i'll go get some breakfast now.
today is about sorting out where I work - currently too cluttered 
Isn't feeling good today...and its only just started!  
@superniicole I missed you today 
@davefever i'm not in today 
so now I wonder where haie is, he's totally annoys me today. i miss you, really 
not feeling well atall today 
today I feel horrible and ugly and rubbish 
i didnt napped today 
I have so much ish to do today 
@AnthonyByrneP2M I think I look like her today too 
Twittas I am soooo depressed today 
not today 
@calliean well, it's pretty stressful. especially today. 
I feel sick today. 
Feeling badmood today 
working today 
I'm feeling very nasaly today 
going to work 8 to 8:30 today  but then ryans going to be here!
That's all I have done today 
hobbling back to work today 
too tired to go to work today... 
I don't want to work today 
@NoGoQueen haha 12A definatly +  me too, my hayfevers terrible today.
I can't write today 
don't feel to well today 
doesn't want to work today 
Feeling icky today. 
is over worked today already.... 
Waking up is hard to do today 
i woke up at 7:55 today. not fun 
isnt feeling much love today 
Twitterfon just doesn't appear to be working for me today. 
I woke up too early today 
Is really ill today 
@MiguelAntonio I'm not allowed  I'd be there everyday if I could. Are you going to happy today?
no tattooin today 
@SYDNEYx0 i hope so! all i've heard is how bad it is  we'll see today!
is pretty sick today 
is sick today... 
it's too quiet in here today 
So not feeling well today 
Too damn hot today 
Feeling really off today 
i don't want to go to work today 
is hating that today is going by so slow 
I feel a little dizzy today 
@austinmiles Believe it or not I can't make it today 
bad workout today  maybe 2mrw will be better
I want dalool didn't see her today 
It is sooooo hot today 
feeling sad today 
I has nothin' to do today 
Didnt think he played well today 
@electricbluebrd  ... today?
laina leaves today 
ADDX is dead today 
sad @fancydee leaves today 
I loved today 
...starting today 
is very excited, SkyHD is coming today 
It's so sunny and happy today 
is going to pack today 
I'm off today... Yay!!! 
I have chorus today. That makes me happy 
@rosskie so far it has been all shopping  more again today heehee what u up to?
@DHanly No... But it was announced today 
no queenbee today 
@downwithdesign well then I'm allowed too! I'm copywriting extrodinaire today... 
might go out and see marble today 
@beelarge I should have mine today then 
At least its not raining today 
Passed my L's today!! 
back to work today 
I'm featured today on www.askbabykid.com today.  That's so cool! 
@carli_chick how are you today madame beautiful? 
@Sashasan I was just thinking about that today 
@studionashvegas Awesome! How are you today? 
http://twitpic.com/3i2zc - today i posted this belnd to my metroflog  she's perfect i Loveee cyrus!!
lovely weather today 
Shopping today! 
@seejoshflounder haha clearly! That makes me feel better because mine was at least relevant to today. 
@twinkiebanana how are you today? 
It's so nice out today! 
GOODMORNING! I'm excited for today 
What should I do today?? 
will now party after working hard today. 
hayyy, tanning today 
@jonesbaby It is too humid to paint today-that should be you excuse. 
#waitwait is funny today. 
happily stayed in bed until one today. 
sooo freakin GORGEOUS outside today! 
Going to seussical today  I'm stoked
It's so nice out today... I've been playing outside for most of it... now I think I'll nap and sun myself 
@menucoach, thank you  how are you today?
@MandyyJirouxx I know! i was outside most of today 
@TranquilMammoth 72. but it was 78 earlier today 
 i am very happy today! and i don't why?      
today was fantastic 
Has just woken up : P and is going swimming today 
back to greece today we have easter 
It's nice outside today 
is going out with sarah today 
Looking forward to today 
woohoo!!! today is going to be a good one. 
Getting baptized today!!! 
@bridgesnmatches I'll manage today. 
@romymart good for you... i'm sooooo lazy today! 
i am working today 
it's settled. beach today. 
@30STMWithJared yes! here i am  how are you today?
Getting ready for today!!!! 
inducting the new abbes today 
is thinking today will be pretty good. I may be a little bored now, but it's all good 
Is glad that today is over 
up   what to do today.. .
@danielledeleasa hellooo! how r u today? 
Hey, what are you up to today? 
@ingridf didn't get up early today  I'm good, you?
@ultimation are you coming in today? 
Summat to make your laugh today http://budurl.com/beckhams 
@buffybot85 i'm writing today also 
I look so cute today 
@oliviamunn Me too. But at least we don't have to work today.  
Is 16 today !! 
today was fun. 
@DJSavvy  sooooo good to see you today!!! 
haha damn today was a fuckn funnnn 
@misterprozac today was good 
@jamiekirkland i had fun today! you guys were great 
@raytoro How are you,today? 
@jaygee35 I see - thankyou. I think I wandered around there today 
enjoyed today 
paintballing today 
@docaoimh Have a good one  How far you going today?
Not tired and looking forward to today 
Ahh I feel so much better today 
I'm graduating today... This is too strange. 
So excited for today!! 
Heading to ImagineRIT today. 
hershey park today.! i'm so excited 
@islandchic you seem to be happy today 
@moneyblitz this is true. But very frustrating today! 
@AngieBrigitta, have fun today at the derby. 
I don't have to work today...now what!?!!! 
I went shopping today and bought this.... I love it  http://twitpic.com/4eolx
Going to get into some trouble today... 
i am so happy today 
finished my first 5k today!! many more to come 
@LisaNoelRuocco who do you most excited to see today? 
shopping today 
#hoppusday is today 
I love everything about today 
is goin to snetterton today yay 
@Janetabigail yes I really am net, I love to sleep very late but today I think I woke up too 'early' 
fingerscrossed i can meet up with millsy today 
I feel better today 
yay it's today 
I feel so much better today 
@alsocan  how r u today?
@jefbot hey how are you today ? 
@DarkPiano I got it totally backwards today! 
@jessicaveronica see you today girlie! I'm going just for you! 
enough music for today 
@mjflix  what u doing today?
-Going to underground today 
maybe today will be better? 
@dankzkilla i'd agree generally. But not today. 
didn't sleep that well, but I'm not really tired.  It's too pretty outside today to be lazy and tired!  
Would rather be sleeping than working today 
@khopkinson it's been warm and sunny here today 
Going to bed early today! That means.. right now! 
I was sooo devious today! 
@CarterJenkins I saw you today! 
@violentandyoung You know, I was actually thinking about that today, myself working there, not you. It'd be fun to work together though. 
@fakerpattz aww we had in &amp; out today and i thought of you! 
today was totally worth it 
@shadiya I hope you were feeling better today! 
@TheAppleInsider I will later today since I have a planning for today 
should be coming out of hospital today 
tired tired tired ! Freefest today 
i have a feeling today is going to be amazing 
@pincheguera I got you today 
yess  are you going today?
Moving today!!  I'm so excited!
@ZnaTrainer How are you today!? 
I got me a little too much sun today 
@emily_laiter we already discussed this today but yeaaaaaah 
today i get to sleep in! 
@beverly Thanks love  They are much better today.
I feel better today. 
It's sunny and I feel really well today!  Yippeee!
@FaveColourPink  And to you too, how are you today?
today was interesting... 
@littlesunflower I take it you are sore today 
@JustJayde thank you  feeling better today, back to happy HER!
@Ashhhyy what are you doing today? 
is graduating today... 
At DaViMUN, today went well 
going to go do a drive by of one today...it looks very promising 
There *will* be a live #Mets chat today @ 1 p.m. 
@CassCass02 I needed to do that today but didn't so have fun 
@OneLuvGurl yep i just signed up today, still figuring it out tho 
@bradhartline you were coming to see me today? did you get lost? 
's graduating today!! 
Beached today 
today I woke up, and I found more to luv 
@Proudmum3 how are you today? 
cannot stop smiling today! 
flying back to philly today 
I'm back to work today and loving it 
@_MoisesArias goodmorning moises !  how are you today ?
if you are not a senior i cannot talk to you today 
I am happy today! 
awesommme, i think i'm feeling well enough to go to worksies today! 
Working today. 
Going to meet T. today. 
Working but getting off early today. 
i have reborn today 
Oh well, at least I'll be going to bed 'early' today! 
i think i'm going out today. 
all smiling today 
 saw @IFuseekOLLIE today yay!
@kinguktom ...and how is london today ? 
futursim today isn't what it used to be 
@johnefstathiou are you feeling more positive today then? not completely heartbroken? 
I was so happy today! 
@sageeb wow i'm not doing very well with you today huh? 
@TRohan I hope you feel better today- sickly stickly 
today is going to be great...i can feel it 
today was great 
@shanedawson are you going on blogtv today? 
I should go outside today. But I won't 
@fishshark Just lovely today, how are you?  
@LuckyMe0581 I posted a pic!  It's not too bad today.  
i slept so good. i think i may get to see tasha today 
@tennisDijana , haha, yesyes, but it's like so fun! I'm so happy i won the tennismatch today , 
@mikeon glad I wasn't there today 
is 19 today 
will NOT be lazy today. 
finally relaxing today! 
What is everyone up to today? 
@joyarogers yes it is!! its beautiful today  how are you doing today?
@sincereSunshine I dig i dig lol  So what you doing today ?
@gerardway How are you,today ? 
Ever feel so hungover that  you wish you were dead? That's how I feel today 
lol  I think I might be spoiled.  How about if I give you my today and you promise me forever      
Oh how i loved today 
is feeling especially girly today 
@svenfuchs - ok, I'll get them today 
Morning! So much to do today it's unreal and unfortunately IT and not photography centric, but will push on through 
is studying for APUSH.. &amp; Lakers won today  &amp; I'm not sleepy yet..
@glamourkisses I'm busy as usual haha. I was in frisco today had a blast 
g'morning all  how is everyone today?
@Margauxx_ bonjour margaux how are you today ? 
Later on today we'll finally find out. I like to be optimistic. It's looking good. 
What are everyone giong to do today?? 
@nannyf dragging today but still here  at least will have music for all the driving today 
@rainingheaven there you are.  bz ke today?
@scotdoc You not working today? 
@ mrsjdubs hey i get to see you today. 
@ListPlanIt You're featured today!  
@TambourineMan will try and upload them later today 
@RPauline8913 What happened today?  I`m interested.
@monashand That's coincidental....I'm 95 today. 
@tommcfly Are you feeling better today..!  x
I hope u woke up with a smile today 
What i expected happened.  I am walking today 
@BeachMomOf2 I'm good...........what are you upto today?   
@ImInLoveWithMJ bored  lol how are you today? 
Teaching today 
@TomFellowes I'm sure it'll be fiiiiiiine  u not in UUni today?
@ChesterBe how you feel today 
I start football today! 
@ToddBrink So far so good  It's going to rain here today but we really need it.
@shestaylautners uhmmm,, not much.. so far,today was great..  how are you bitch?
@laurenpettifer i did mine today, it's really not that bad 
@Hedgewytch not sure if I'll be tweeting much today 
Going to beach today 
- @hannahradford is taking me to lunch today 
going to warwick today 
will party harder today!!! 
@snaxboogie hello...how are you today? 
is going to weston today  lovely and sunnny!
i feel so productive today. good! 
is taking Jelly to JACON today. 
I'm pumped 4 today. 
@kellydmahaffey have fun today ! 
@blasha he how is poppy today 
sixteen today  ! for my birthD i want look like her @LadyDiamond_ ..
Who should I #followfriday today? 
: today should be a good one 
Off today and heading back to scranton 
@YaacovGafni  its a good I was thinking of that today
Oh, and I turned 5 today. 
not feeling good today, but at least I got to meet @ChesneyHawkes  
took ammar to work today 
We have ANOTHER assembly today. 
ahh! excited to see all her frienders today. 
@MusicxLover hey guess what i forgot today. 
i will be seaming cece today 
I got a quitar today a.m.  It's fantastic!
is feeling sooo much better today!    I can get back to twittering now...
@sunRAYRAYs you two are going to have so much fun today.  I really can't wait to finally meet him whenever I dooo!  
I guess I'll go ahead and graduate today. 
I feel fucking amazing today 
@smellycents I am SO peppy today!!! 
Hoping today comes out better 
*huggles everyone* I just feel like hugging today 
going to toronto today 
guurlz? i luff you so damn much! today is shoppiin timee! 
thought 11am today was lovelyy  so wish i could go back to it! aha.
@hiddenboston I hit 1000 today too, can't believe it but am thrilled. 
@Welshracer You must admit i have tweeted much less today 
How I'm rollin today!   http://mypict.me/1EvA
@punkynash lavinia called me today 
All I did was hang out today haha 
@AOstin It was mid-60's today and sunny. 
@brettjohn It was intense, today! 
me played too much ball today 
http://twitpic.com/663xq - I love these. I killed em today 
Celtic is 10 today 
is going to see her bf tonightttttt  could today be going any slower?! haha
@LilaiPiolin It was today! 
is going shopping today 
