Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 1012), ('time', 214), ('week', 136), ('days', 125), ('hours', 93), ('morning', 65), ('night', 59), ('weekend', 53), ('weeks', 46), ('hour', 37), ('months', 30), ('year', 30)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'today', 0.8525307774543762), (u'week', 0.7039006948471069), (u'day', 0.7024884223937988), (u'tomorrow', 0.6708731055259705), (u'morning', 0.6604708433151245), (u'Friday', 0.6409055590629578), (u'Monday', 0.6354687809944153), (u'Thursday', 0.6262437701225281), (u'days', 0.6233015060424805), (u'Wednesday', 0.6190735101699829)]





My nap was interrupted so many times today  Going out for Japanese with the 'rents again...
i had a extravagant yet time conserving plan lined up for today.......which ive now forgotten 
is feeling weird today. happy and sad at the same time. and missing my people from italy  ilyyy &lt;3
No 12-hour coma today. I had a nightmare that shook me awake. 
spring cleaning today 
i just finished sharis birthday present !! since today morning i have headache  i think i should drink more......
Having a really hard time focusing today 
fell asleep a couple of times during vocal group today 
Counting the minutes in the office today, feeling really icky 
No 3.1 patch today for WoW, maybe next week 
is going to the skating show today...again 4 this weekend 
@memily me either! I would have been ... 10 years ago! I have to get up earlyish tomorrow so I don't think I should set the alarm 
...scratch that.. de-thatching next weekend hopefully, no power rakes available and it's going to rain today.. 
has much to do today before her housewarming party! And she stupidly picked up a shift a month ago and will be hosting til 9 (hopefully). 
Preparing labs for the week ahead-anticipating a difficult time studying coronary artery disease later on today. 
@livy_rose_y i have my confirmation wednesday but seriously it was soooo long today haha like 8 hours. 
@craigeryowens: Is the contest over?? I just got a camera today, do I still have time? 
the code never leaves me alone. uggg. i was planning on gardening, but i think the code will eat my time today.. 
damn safari quit unexpectedly for the 5th time today!! aaaaaahhh 
a week from today 
didn't manage to get my blackberry today  maybe next month.
i ate some easter egg for breakfast ahhh not good. so much to do today and so little time 
only got 4 more hours to be productive today 
had a good night but feels quite grim today 
yesterday i attributed my soreness to the 3hr walk. today i think it is the flu 
i have had two weeks. whhyyyy did i leave my two essays and other catch up stuff for today? whyyyyyyyyy. 
Getting ready to go to cabaret...9 hours today 
train leaves in 4 hours and my rac position dropped just 4 places today so far to rac55. was expecting a bigger change 
I ran more today than I have in the last 12 months! 
is sad that someone left today  and I can't wait until summer!
@whimsythemuse  i dropped into the illustrated man today to see if zacky was there but no  we only really had today free. Next time!
my kitty is so clingy today =/ Makes me feel bad that I'm leaving @ the weekend 
should finished the unfinish paperworks today... approx. 3 hours to finish all of that. 
The weekend is over... Classes today 
forgot i have no neuro today and could sleep in an extra hour 
today is most certainly 'one of those days'. . . someone is bound to get cussed out &amp;&amp; it won't even be purposely. blahhh 
today is not starting off well...forgot meter &amp; lantus on cabinet at home this a.m.   but I ate breakfast after nearly a week of skipping
Yesterday was a long day! I was working 9am to 11pm - 14 hours. hoping for a rest today but its not likely - it'l be like this till july 
Hungover today after too much red wine last night 
Only half hour run today  damn damn and then THAT meeting....
Wow days like today remind me of the dangers of workaholism.... 
so much to do today and so little time in which to do it 
my dog died a year ago today  so sad...
9 hours shift today...ah crap! 
Feeling really ill today - up all night vomiting 
@kukibee just on the off chance I've persuaded you ;-) I found out 2 seconds ago it's unfortunately been canceled today 
@2kamra today (fri) was so bad, the weekend is probably ruined too 
Argg my mum doesn't want to go shopping today  But she promise me that we'll go next week 
should play cricket today .. ... Almost after an year 
16 hour workday yesterday, and an even longer one today 
@MysticFearie @nkotbbarbie Thanks girls, I am having a really bad time today. 
@grrlaction I'm asking myself the same thing.  I fully expected to sleep 'till noon today and was up at 9:30 
@mikegentile i wish i was going  but i'm seeing you in chicago a week from today! 
We're not doing anything today.  And I was really looking forward to this weekend too. 
At the hell hole today 7 hours left   
@andymooseman well done! I've found myself with a swollen ankle...  not good with the 10k run a week today...  
Volenteering for six hours today at a retirement home,which means I can't go see the new X-men   ohh well I guess I'll have to wait a week
afternoon all not feeling to good today bad headache  
my babe is leaving me today for 6 months! what am I going to do?! I guess try not to cry til he comes home 
ok, slept 7 hours today. better than the 12.5 of yesterday.  still. woke up at 8. not good. must work on that before tuesday 
@parndt I gave it to  the store a month ago to fix  rang them today and they don't know about it, said they'd get back to me- still waitin
is having such issues getting out of bed in the morning  and i was so keen on starting my 'i'm a healthy person' campaign today.
played better today (or at least eric said so), tomorrow is probably the last time i'll be playing here for a long time   
@qmcc001 not today...so painful. i had surgery on my sinuses last year. clearly did not fix 100%! 
A year ago today 
had I run today here's the time I'd have got 49:57 - yey, go me! But I'm not racing and can't decide what to do instead.  
slept today for 3 hours ruined my study time  grr watta nerd
MS Publisher ate half my concert program. And it has to go to the printer this week. And I worked on it for five hours today. 
i miss you duy so much. seeing him today made me happy and extremely sad  one year until you're out. i'll be waiting!&lt;3
today is my last nite home before a very full week. 
sick today, not too great all weekend, but bad enough to lay out of work today 
just woke up again for the 2nd time today, i dont feel very well 
classroom based assesments start today and go on for the next 3 weeks 
has decided to go in late today. I am not ready for a new week yet.  
Days like today make me wish I had time to ride my motorcycle 
skype = best invention ever... got to talk to my best friend for an hour today. haven't seen her in 4 months  stoked for memorial day!
today was a dud, i'll make sure next time that i ACTUALLY go to prom, but to bad it won't ever happen again 
Not feeling 100% today, probably these early mornings 
is very disgruntled with viru tiwari for not turning up to shoot on time today!!!  he's 45 mins late already!!!
can't remember the last time I ate cereal... yum. working 10-4 today 
hopefully my summer's not full of days like today.  soooo boringg.
@Photoartology I have no chocolate  but I did shoot a role of film today with my plastic holga - results? time will tell.
had a fsab time last night but is feeling it today 
had a fab time last night but is feeling it today 
I miss my mom today and would like to show her a really good time and all but she's like 3000 miles away right now. 
my mom left for 3 1/2 weeks today 
My little baby turned 6 months old today!  
time to go home and sleep!! I wish I lived by my mommy so I could be with her today!! 
1500 miles away from mom today  I'll see her in 9 days though!
@mizrik I just don't know. I understood the first year but my gramz passed in 2002 and it's no better today than it was then. 
Little man's 12 month injections today 
@nandiaramos  I only have freedom today - gulp. Going back to normal school tomorrow  or, as normal as it can be these days.  But I'm
Almost forgot I have a doctor's appointment today. Workout will have to wait until this afternoon. 
i tweet today because i am in a dumb meeting, which i already atended last week 
... got paid today and I just finished paying this half of the months bills... I feel dirty 
@ashleegaston deal with it anymore. so yeah. last night he went into total meltdown. i only found out today when he was released 
@khanserai I havent seen them yet. I'm barely ever on fb now. If I don't meet her today it will be another 3-4 months till i go to khi 
long day, had to walk to work and back 4 times today. those three weeks feel like hell, or at least when they come up and im without her 
been sick today and spent most of my time in bed 
 didnt get to see her but will some other time. as for today just going to chill at the house if i can get away with it!!
is off to bed like a good night worker, even though it will be gorgeous today. 
Oh my gawd I am leaving today...6 hour drive  I've never driven long distance...
@parisba *sigh* beats my 1200 words written today  and proposal is due next week
fuck!!! I really struggled with 10 miles today  it is noted that i over indulged on @maximopark frenzy week and you could tell!!
sitting around, can't go to church today  only three weeks left!
time is going realy quick today    x
today was my confirmation....but at the moment i think i wil be ill...its not okay! 
I love going to the gym i need to start going every week my muscles are sore from today though 
knew she hated maths, but only realised how much today during her 2nd hour of phythagoras therum 
My head has been killing me today and its still 30 days till im going to the nuerology hospital 
I wasted several hours playing Emogame and Emogame 2 again today. I didn't even finish. 
@nosignalinput then drunken calls you shall get. starting next weekend cause I'm off to bed soon.. can't man drinking today 
I think I just overdid it by doing too much today and now I feel sick again   nap time
Wow still haven't slept. Lots of retail therapy today...I miss cole. He left this morning 
Looks like today is going to be interesting - it seems I'll be spending time at the hospital 
@MrAVMan glad to hear you had a good time today, I was there last night, sorry you didn't have two cams, makes it harder 
so annoyed today... not even sure why to be honest. must be residual from the nightmares last night 
off to college, but a bit worried today... have to go to the dentist this afternoon 
morning, sun is actually shining today!! gtta go to the opticians later 
@eightlab where's my lie in? I'm off today and have been up for hours 
morning all, i fell very poorly today so tweet me quietly please. 
It's supposed to snow today. I want my summer. 
is almost considering not going to her after effects class today. 7 hours of video editing! great! 
just realised his physics is cancelled today, and so could have got up an hour later! 
@suziperry summer?? It's pouring down up here today 
Not looking forward to today  And the wedding of the year has me stressing a little
Doing some last minute studying...exam today 
started shooting  http://bit.ly/Qzv73 today - no girlfriend for 4 weeks... 
really not in the mood to revise today but i have to  urghhhhhh i'll have to do about 7-8 hours to finish media :S
Only 4 and a half days left! I really dont feel like going to school today 
watching @loosewomen! no jane again this week or most of next  (hope she is having a good time!) good show today!
@timsully1 funeral just been arranged, two weeks today 
@janders223 Hey yeah its been a while  and i have been alright after today i have 4 more days left !! how have you been doing ?
@sarahkaminsky I'm headed to work.  I start full time hours today 
summer classes start today  i hope the people in them don't suck
Working today  weekend didn't seem very long!
I cant do this anymore  A week today and its all over 
is tired today, did not really sleep last night 
morning twitter world. absolutely knackered today didnt sleep much 
 my camera broke today.. so upset! but i am sending it to fix. So i really hope they can fix it before next week or so D:!
@aleksdiscodust  I was supposed to do it last night but was too drunk, so I had to do it in my lunch break today.  I suck at news writing.
fml 3rd absence of the week, being this sick sucks, I was planning on going today 
@abbydelmundo sounds like you had a rough night!  I hope today is better!
My best friend is moving today  It is going to be crazy today as I have to get stuff together tonight for trip this weekend
morning bugs..very sick...no skewl today...and cancelled plans this weekend  not happy..but I got my P.E.B!
argh no time to twitter today   back later
Not at all excited about leading 8 hrs of training today  last week I was gettting ready to board the nkotb cruise 
my foots swelling up again  and I haven't even been walking far today  time to go to the docs I think.
@trohman I wanted to see you guys so bad at the today show but I couldn't make it  are you guys comming back around here some time?
16 years anniversary today and have to be on the road again... 
holy jaysis, have had NO time to twitter today 
off to work i go - i saw my grandads bro today - made me miss grandad so much as he sounded just like him - 5 months from i buried him 
woke up late, no work today for me &amp; has nothing to do today nor the weekend.what should I do in the weekend? I wana hang out w. friends 
i am so ready for today to be over...yay 3 hours training session that i have to give online!  taco fiesta where is my margarita?!?
ugh not feeling so great today... a little tispy still from last night 
My fish died today  he was 3 years old
@youngh00n no i'm taking it at a community college...10 weeks...today was my first day 
first time today in two weeks i didn't even pick up my mandolin. I'll have to give it some extra attention tomorrow 
@duyku Apparently I wasn't ready enough...  I only got to watch the 4th quarter b/c I painted for a total of 12 hours today.
Lonely. I don't get to see my love for at least 3 months. He left today. I wanted to spend every hour with him. I couldn't. 
@jakriffer I have seen it running today. I guess you will need to wait another few days to get it 
today we say goodbye to the second good friend in a week from dmp  but at least the sun is shinning and I'm definately NOT working this pm
So hot today.  Why must it be a weekday 
The test today was killer. I didn't even manage to finish on time. 
signed up for broadband today could take 4-6 weeks 
Aaaa! I need to work today, Why cant i ever get the weekends off? It makes me want to cry 
wish i was home in time for the #jonaswebcast today 
Getting ready for week  Its too nice today to be stuck inside working!
@littlelaughalot nice! it's days like today I wish we had a garden 
The time is not my friend today 
I've only been up for an hour and today already sucks 
So hot today =_=  don't like it and i hate my new timetable, having such a bad week 
I just realized that im going home 2 weeks from today 
my baby man is 4 years old a week today  he's growing up too fast.....
Just got to work. Only today and three days left.  my heart is breaking.
@showingmyassets no happy hour for me today 
@SophieChadwick no i didnt! i couldnt get to liverpool today, of all days!  did you?
@DaSqUeAkYOne those were the good days the jetsons comes on right after finltstones ! i missed it today tho 
aah, i'm tired. haven't chilled a minute today! 
Not feeling very good at all, why does this have to happen today of all days? Not going to friends tonight 
Its humid today. Last night there was lightning. And now its humid 
My dog died today. We had her for 11 years. I miss her so much.  
thanks to the forever 21 curse that makes you spend 3 hours there everytime you go in, i couldnt go tanning today 
I really want to edit some video right now, but a 9-hour shift today, and another tomorrow leave me little time and less energy.  
@bintasvea so sorrry you missed taylie today  next time you will have first priority, i will make sure of it &lt;3
@WeyW thank you so much for coming out &amp; supporting me today! it was wonderful seeing you before you left for the whole summer  drive safe
WOW i did sooo much today.. just wishing right now that i had someone to tell these days.. uhg. good night... 
Wish I could of been at graduation today  hope this week flys by
@teachjw92 i wanted to submit a photo to that photomania and i think the deadline was today  maybe next year
2 weks today and i will be on my way to @geoffjones  have a million jobs to do before then 
i m bored!! studied so much today almost 6 chapters... so m not in amood to study..orkut is no fun these days.. 
In bed. Not wanting to do a 10 hour shift today  well needs must x
moving out today: waiting on the father picking me up  sad times. also hungover so this isnt going to be fun!
Really not sure what to do today. Have many hours of time to pass, but nothing to do at all. 
@princessJOJA awww miskeena  yalla at least u can sleep early today so u can have a fresh start for the week!
Heading into the office for a few hours today. 
@arielol    we go 4 hours today too. Because we get out early.
@stephenjeean nah i gots a party today  next week then?
My little man turns 6 today, where is time going 
@sorcha69 not today...  will have to wait till next weekend!! gutted... lol
Ahhh wishing I didn't have to work today  but it's just til 5 then I have all night with @cagaddis
ugh---- i hurt my back really bad this morning-- there's no bending over today 
I am dead to the world. got schwasted last night. amandas moving to the burgh today 
my bestie leaves for a week today 
goodmorning twitterlings! i feel refreshed this morning! wish i didnt have to work today 
i have no idead what time call is today 
Only a week of #djnf09 left.  Features pages today.
Why do I have to work today?!!?! I hate working on the weekend 
its days like today i wish i were in australia. 
this english project is laaaame!  i mean how are we supposed to make a magazine from 600 years ago if we make it today? :S
had six hours of maths today  and exams start this week  this really sucks
have to run to home depot again.  this is the 2nd time today already. wish i was as handy as most men. 
That thing with my throat came again before some minutes. It's more calm today. But it's still annoying... 
@NileyLoveStory Is this the first time you read this...today? I thought u saw it last night ... I am sorry. 
I wanted to swim and lay out today...didnt have time  Making lasagna now yummy!
@seonaidm good evening love, you looked not a kick in the arse off death today, not feeling any better i take it? 
@joshdutcher You missed pool time today. 
Today I should have been more useful, but I spent my time today dedicated to waiting. 
today seems like premature winter 
@Boyislost I'm not sure they will have time to do any colour today anyway   I was considering highlights if I could get it done
swap meet was fun today, summer time! even though it was gloomy today 
I ate entirely too much crap today. I'm turning into the fattest piece eeeever. I was praying to see a tornado today  maybe next time
I spent all week preparing for garage sale today and we only made $49! The recession has effected peoples $$ decisions down to the penny. 
Just wrapped for the evening on air and now to spend the time editing- I may just have to go crash early, I am beyond exhausted today 
I have to go run my other 2 miles I promised to do today. I am beat but I have to...since I promised. 
Gotup late today.....very late  back hurts...need to work today...time management is the key
just realised that half my friends are going to germany today and i won't see them for a week 
It's so nice and sunny today and I have 4 days of exams starting tomorrow 
@passionvaibhav whoa...even i am really missing JUIT since morning today.  
http://twitpic.com/6brfb - me &amp; sarah a year ago today in mallorca.  i miss it. 
going to nan and grandads house for lunch today. with dad. bad times  guilt much?
have to work for 7 hours today.  but i get to see my baby on lunch break. i love you. &lt;3
My pc would not start last night. I hope it will start today. If not then it has to be repaired. 
morning twitterers.  woke up w/ a hedache and I have orientation today 
So yesterday was my lazy day, not today... but I'm paralyzed with an overwhelming desire to do nothing today, too.  
Leaving my house for the last time today 
@FreeFitCoach i was on week 3 of stage 1 but since i started working i hadnt had the time to finish  so i am starting over today!
is leaving saras house today  but epic weekend
working 10 hours today! 
I need to finish those questions and revise my personal statement for the nth time today 
Booting to a blue screen this morning  worried about the shows today. Have about an hour to try to fix.
After 8 years with the same guy, I got dumped today. 
Working on some car reviews.... phone reviews tomorrow! Just too little time today 
Heading back home today. If only kody didn't have to go to work for that stupid meeting we could stay a coyple days longer 
is really gonna miss days like today 
@allconsoffun because the plug in won't date my stuff  and now it's saying 3 weeks ago for today. lol
ugh if I don't return my tux today, I owe 20$. I have no time between now and work. 
Calling it a night all, every bone in my body hurts today so going  to chill out,  see u in the morning, mystic have a good week (K)
is really gonna miss days like today 
@cocacolin me too baby  threeee weeks from today I'll be there! love you.xx
@andrewho We leave a week from today 
I am very disappointed that I tried working out for the first time today since pericarditis &amp; I still have symptoms.  I guess its not gone
did a 3km run today on the treadmill. first time in over a month. didn't feel unfit until 1.8. I think i need to stop drinking again... 
boat was fun today, to bad it only made me feel better for a few hours 
i had waaaayyyyyy too much homework. five hours yesterday, two today :/ what a wasted weekend  hope this week's a good one(:
@onomatoleah I totally cleaned our bedroom today too. haha. it's embarrassing but it took 2 1/2 hours haha. 
today was not a good day...  serving half of my community service hours tomorrow 9am-2. then work 4-11. yay
bit sad today... my sister would be 22 today - she died of the maninjacocle virus a long time ago now 
I worked six hours today. 
@nakedcownut i almost went to one today!! but we didn't get there in time..it closed 
I am kind of feeling some horrible nausea  today was fun! Ahhh, I am pumped for this summer!
@kevjumba it's fineee  i started on my 8 page essay today but i finished within hours.  you can do it!
Off to work  holiday time officially over. Not looking forward to news of my impending departure going public today.
I am studying into the wee hours of the night for 2 exams today 
going home again today  I wanna stay here!!! 7 weeks until I go back here again!
Off to the general today to sit around for a few hours 
bit my tongue yesterday and it is sooooooooooo sore today, going to be a painful day answering the phones at work 
@mikestaxis mine was relaxing but  it rained a lot yesterday..such an english weather down here these days! :-D are you working today?
@mihaih how's timisoara today? wasn't about 4 years there 
Test and portfolio today.  At least after that, there shouldn't be too much to do. 2.5 days!
I'm not looking forward to going to second period today 
I was suppose to be off today.  but my schedule got changed last minute.  
well i'm off to college.   3 hours worth of exams today. will be back before 6 hopefully feeling happy about the papers! bye.
i was supposed to go to school today but ive been feeling ill for 3 days so im off today 
Last week of school today!! Its going to be weird in photography today with niannian there.... 
Its so cold out today. Schooool  only 10 more days left ! 
Being out of the office for 2 days last week means I have about 50 things to get through today 
dr apt today  either good or bad... then cuddle time with the real one!
i'm idiotically excited that i get to drive my car again today  its been over a month.....i felt like a part of me had died... 
It is ouch!  I don't want this today! Of all days.....
I so don't want to go to work today  I need a long weekend.
@Outofluck182 i know.   and prolly around 4ish today. What time are you gettin your hair did?
Is back to work today   I really could have used some more time off 
today, I have test in the first time and I don't know anything 
tired....worked all weekend and have a final exam today 
@Fly11 isn't it divine? I woke up not too long ago myself. But you have the entire week to be luxe. I only get today 
laptop died today. I spent one hour staring at it in shock. 
I am so busy today I don't even have time to tweet 
Getting my wisdom teeth pulled today  Hopefully it wont be as bad as last time
Wow... is my timing that off... 2 weeks now I've been calling for a sell off only to have up 200 days like today 
@sunilsebastian I think I'm just feeling bitchy today because of lack of sleep and lack of man for the next few weeks 
So bored! I misread my watch as an hour ahead so im actually travelling backwards through time today. 
wishes she didnt have to go back today  could soo be surfing .right.now. 34 days left of year 10!
i hateee surpise you work today ...days.....yea booooooo 
enjoying the fact that I had no worries today! But the rest of the week I do 
ugh I jinxed myself last night when I said I fought off getting sick since it hit me back double today 
@glowsociety why is it today????  maybe this evening then?  @forever12 &amp; @disko_d's place? yes? no?
didnt have time to go to the pool today 
I dont wanna work today  stupid 3 hour meaningless shift.. im making like 30 bucks.. thankgod im giving my 2 weeks notice today!
already awake.. got a morning class today 
The older I get the faster the days seem to go by ... I don't feel like I got much done today ... depressing ... 
Another accident today!  this time it wasnt my fault
Wish I could go to japan this weekend  got to workout with my mom today.
got one great review today and one not-so-good one that mainly dissed the editing--not the first time for that 
@hubbit damn. are you serious? hopefully it will all be cleared up by the morning. you will like her! I'm dealing with the spammers today 
i have the hiccups for the third time today.  
Revising again today so no sun for me  2 more weeks &amp; then I'm FREEEEEEE!!
i got a new phone today and new contract but i have to waot till the next bill month for the chznge 
i wonder how many times i will see him today? Makes me miss him even more 
wondering if my sailor will call me today. he's been gone a week today. i am so sad.  deployments really stink 
back to work today-only 6 classes left before the season ends   I'll miss it!
Exams today  On the bright side, we have half days..!
@juleeinthesky Ugh. I don't think doing stuff today would work well for me after all. Other time this week? 
another round of planning meetings today. 
very low levels of productivity here today  I need a boss to come and peer over my shoulder all day...
What a morning already! I burnt my head today 
Ugh...today is one of those days when I wanted to initiate a few new positions and they are all up too damn much 
working... time is going by too slow    and today is my late night
@BrandiRoseB storms don't bother me, and he's never paid attention to them today.  every time it would thunder he'd cry 
@heatherduh welcome to my life, been sick the last two days and lost my voice today 
@YoungQ now that i'm going to bed i bet that your coming on live.  I've struck out every time today 
@curiosityplease probably not, I just didn't have time today 
driving to derby today up at an ungodly hour tired 
is moving today and will be without internet now till the weekend, you lot behave and I will hopefully be back soon 
be lovely sunny days recently.. looks dull today though 
aww dammit i missed the run through of terminator last night   but today me and simon are going to landmark 
4 hours of exam today 
can't believe that time won't pass today. 
been up sooo early this morning and i dont know what to do today!  xxx
@scholesy111 no prob not havent been busy in months  yeah it's just nice today yesterday was far too hot
is goin to be packing today to move out of halls, first year of uni....done! 
Now I know, what I forgot to buy yesterday... guess, I'll have to live without my morning coffee today. 
@nathanac I know how u feel, I had 1 of those days today! And I suspect tomorrow will be the same, it usually is when my boss is around 
 can't get my free haircut today... next week i guess
Tired today, didn't go for morning run so feel rubbish, and guilty 
so looks like they have already cut it off even thou it says today, they tell me dsl will work properly for a few days thou.  god. 
poorly ear today after last night....i have another 3 gigs left this week too! 
I think we are boarding soon. The next time I fly after today will be when I go home on the 14th. 
I have to tell my kids today that I probably won't be here next year 
good afternoon twitters, not so sunny today 
Waking up... two hours late. No run today  #fail
Lunch time! So busy today, I couldn't twitter 
No time for bfast today.  now into big mtg.
8 days is short, got to book hotels today... me thinking hard whether  i should try hostels, hotels are too expensive 200$ a night  
Trying so hard not to be negative and snarky this morning, but thinking I may lose this battle today  
I hate wishing time away, but here's to hoping today goes by fast... office life 
Actually have to go to school for 2 hours today 
working hard at the KCOMS today. I'm foul!   I cannot wait for the weekend.
I did absolutely nothing last night...I think I'm going to pay for that today 
@chuckcreekmur that was the first thing I signed up for during internet week, onsite client job might cause me to miss it  is it today or
wondering where I should go for lunch? I only got like 30 minutes today...sighz 
on the way to a loooong night  why do I have to work today?
sorry i am a lil quiet today. i'm not much in a good mood from yesterday evening ...it followed me on to today 
Too much expressooooo my stomach hurts  must go to see jimmy today I haven't been there for a week!
I don't even get a full 30 min break today 
today's not the best of my days. it was going soo well until some things got in the way  i just don't know what to do next!
do not have time to twitt today... 
at times it seems i cant take all this violence anymore ..    -- 3 people have been shot dead in the city  since morning today - 
I think today is going to be one of those days you just want to hide in the closet.  
Why today of all days do I craaaaave a double cheeseburger? 
bobby, i hope today is better foryou too...what happened the last two days? 
So much noise today  They seem to be building something next door and started a few hours ago.
family left for hawaii without me todayyy  one month till i go  let's hope today is good!
i forgot it was my parent's anniv today...  now i better make up for it when they come here next week... yikes!
sadly the doctor told me today that i have to keep the cast on for two more weeks, i probably wont be going to nationals 
not been well today so no work today or tomrorrow, 2 days off but no enjoyment 
wait all week for today and ...disapointed again 
wicked tired today - ready for a relaxing weekend without @mnearhoff  
visiting family so no wow time today 
I think I've checked my e-mail 1000000000000000 times today. 
Finished all my tasks today! yay... doesn't mean i'm not working on the weekend though 
i'm back, twitter! haha. i wasn't able to read the updates yesterday of the people i'm folowing  but this time i will! haha.
@deathslayer666  - thing is, i'm on social assistance. therefore, i have to be there. all summer too. i learned that today. 
@LJsBaby not looking good for next season  what are you up to today?
Two days off and no plans what-so-ever. Except get a mortgage so I can fill up with petrol today 
@chriscornell glad you like it in ddorf. it's super grey outside today though, ugh. and I'm about to go to the city  where did summer go?
didn't sleep last night need to recover today 
You know how normally when you wake up after being really upset the night before, you feel better, right? Not me. Not today, at least. 
thousand miles of walking today. 
How can we have weather like this today after last weekend, what's wrong with this country 
Man i don't feel good today. I've been trying to eat breakfast for two hours 
week!  What boring tweets today I am putting on, might not tweet until I have something interesting to say 
@aishas you're not following me  so can't DM. here's my number. 314-477-4948 I'm available today for about the next hour today.
Of all days,my baby jaelynn rose has a fever today. 
got extremly wet today! so that is summer gone then 
@sallythomsett afternoon not me only just got out of bed for the 2nd time today full of the flu not a well bunny today sad to say  xx
morning(to me) tweet world. couldn't sleep last night...so I'm laggin today. 
@BFHeroes Been well over 24 hrs  Is it gonna be back today or any time soon?
today seems like 1 of those very boring, slow, depressing days 
@ribside We missed Woolies for the first time today 
@DebbieFletcher hey! (: what you been up to today?x its been very dull, benn raining for 2 days straight !   xx
@allielikewoah ughhhhhhh I know what you mean. I'm working a double today and I feel like it's 10 o'clock at night already. 
returned to vancouver today &amp; discovered i won $12 in last nights lottery. not the $17 million i was hoping for 
Just woke up for the 2nd time today... I won't be able to sleep tonight now 
@jemberton No problem. It's nice here today but tomorrow it's going to rain and then for the next three days   good for the grass I guess!
I cant believe two years ago today was my senior prom 
Trying to figure out what was really going on today.  Its just been one of those days 
Sims 3 were sold out in the store today. I have to wait untill next week to get it 
Sims 3 were sold out in the store today. I have to wait untill next week to get it  http://bit.ly/1HNpgS
bored yesterday....bored today....bored tomorrow....... summer :/...... where are my friends!!!!! 
Doing my hiar later today, hopefully it goes well... &amp; hopefully i don't get major depressed this morning as i feel a downer coming on 
@wired2theworld I pulled up garlic that I thought for sure was ready today.  it looks like it should be in ground for 6 more more months!
worst session today in a longgg time @shipthefunds 
so tired. good night internet, I hardly saw you today 
11 hours on the road today. booo... 
I had to take my puffer for like the first time in 6th months today 
I love tents. But on days like today you need a four man tent just for one person  to feel dry. Not optimistic for download next weekend 
@UrbanNicole I worked 14 hours today and got yelled at by my boss for no reason  make me feel better 
almost time to go voting  but first some studying, didnt do anything yesterday so, double speed today!
working 10-4 today on what could possibly be my last thunder shift of the summer! 
@thisryanross i am sad as of today i havent seen you in a year 
i get to drive today!6months after binning my car. boyf going on holiday today without me.      boo!
morning! folks are back today 
Feeling a little old today - everyone is growing up and I just want time to stay still 
 why today of all days.
relazing today... next weekend i will probs have a ton of homework to do 
today is a good daay  mjao soon i will get in to my last week then i have my last summerbreak ever  but it will be great!
@gloxpolguard Just doesn't make sense. We get blocked for as little as 10 posts in an hour, just rude! so cold here today 
was 20 minutes late today  i swear im going to get fired
leaving today  this weekend was awesome
@starshyne I am always late for the full moon dreamboard  I hope I'll have time to create mine today
seems like no leaks today, we shall wait a few more days for final verdict...and still no tennis call yet 
Its exactly one month until my birthday today 
juuussttt kidding, no shopping today  just relaxing and packing for this week! 
Trying to convince self today is a good day to get things done... failing. I always hate when @bynkii is gone for a few days. 
 we didn't go out ,last night..it was raining so much...today mom is coming from S.P yeey so excited!!
is watching casualty now and will watch the apprentice in a minute. So tired after today 
I have so much stuff to do today....so much to do and so little time 
@catherineebro I missed you today too  how was the beach?!?! And just think, 4 more days and I see you!!!!
twitter is so boring today where are all my twitpeesps wait I know where they at summer jam dammmmmm 
loves weekends! and today is not it  http://plurk.com/p/z6qzm
a week from today 
@dylanjdodson i didn't think i saw you this week. sad!  no awkward handshake for me today...
is having a difficult time trying to help people today... 
morning! i have many things to do today! busy busy busy 
tummy not happy today..must be from what i've eaten over the weekend. 
@mikemccloy i can barely focus on one thing more than a few minutes, i promise you id be your least favorite person to deal with today 
hopes today is the eighth month  http://plurk.com/p/10ztfc
@donniewahlberg 19  days....it feels like forever...especially after today 
@MrsZeus me too   i'm sorry! we were on the tourist timeline today and i thought i could catch you this morning.
shitting myself for a week today like literally terrified i'm waking up at what ridiculous times like 7 
@TheTruthAc310 tsore throat&amp;blocked sinuses&amp;cough that won't go away,got antibiotics today,hope its better tmoro,its been weeks of this 
@the8333696 I've been in the office all weekend so I'm even more thrilled to be back in it today! 
Alcohol poisoning yay! Having a really bad time today 
is thinking how much earlier do I have to go to wor tomorrow to catch up on last weeks stuff and today's bookings? So so busy 
@Schofe just what I need, my exam hopefully is going to be on phobias- shame its today though and not at end of week 
I am REALLY tired, and think perhaps it is time for bed! O_O But worrying that I'm going to offend people by e-mailing them back today. 
goodnight/morning world! i keep getting disconnected online today 
I am so hungry today I think I could eat myself!! the wait for lunch is going to be a long one! 
Bad news received today!   What can I say? Really bad times...
struggling today.  35 working days left and counting.
Decorators in today - they'll be here for a week and I have a headache already 
It's been very busy so far today - still few more hours to go 
I !00% do not wanna go to this 7.5 hour class! It's going to suck the life out of me. And not just today, but for the rest of the week 
I've just left my office. I also overworked for 3 hours today 
urgh, morning sickness again today. So unfair 
4 month shots today...expecting to have a grumpy baby later today 
@lukester Request 363988 - any hope in looking in to this today? I've had no access to my other account for almost a week. 
it turned out nice today back to work this afternoon 
@queenvanna we had frost a week ago.     It's beautiful today tho!  Yay!
feeling pretty down today.. it's been six months, i should be fine!! 
Going to skip story time today 
Is really wishing my baby didn't have to go to work today  I hate when he leaves in the morning
got his mile run... 9:04 with a target today of 9 flat. This is the first time heading into the 9th week of this that I've missed a goal. 
@262RUNR I still can't believe that! It looked so painful! I'm good, my knee is killing me today  and i could sleep for another 8 hours
@s_t_e_f_f_i sry. no time today. 
sat in a car for 8 hours today beside hannah and all to go and see @ddlovato  it better be worth it ... jk ily really hannah (bffl)!
summer time! Just woke up. I have to get shots today 
No badminton today - it's raining  ....  but he, more knitting time ;-)
it's raining today...again!  trying to learn for an upcomng exam. so much to read and so little time!
@dani__09 It's only for today, i have to wait until july for 2 weeks of holidays  #echelonday #echelonday #echelonday #echelonday
So just driven up to my flat for the last time...handed in the keys today 
so glad i got up this morning and did the dawnie, its just a shame we missed all the thunder and lightening today 
Our way cool receptionist put in her two weeks today. 
My Vdub is going into the shop today for a week 
still recovering from this weekend.  at least I'm off today...
700 hours today!! only 900 more to go.... 
didn't truly realize how big the new house is till I vacuumed today...took 1 1/2 hours 
So buzy today I hardly had time to pee   But now I'm off for two whole days YaY!!!
Hey ,, just got back,, still very sick i've been sick for almost over a week and just today i'm going to the doctor,, I've sufering alot 
was asked to be an intern for my idol today (you should know who he is) ..but i'm already working 50+ hours a week 
I really wish I had some time to bake today...anyday...Hopefully sometime soon. 
thought today shot would be cool but it fell flatter than flat  #365days
this is the third time I'm going to be on a plane taking off today 
@madelynsmum it's been drying for 2 days...i replaced the batteries today and still nothing   luckily amazon is pretty affordable
I am so sad... saying my first round of goodbyes starting today 
is too bored.. I don't want to attend today's seminar... Could hav used d time something better (and fun!) 
had a free today and did one paragraph in 40 minutes. what a waste. i gots distracted 
morning. exam today eek 
@___sid i call you like a million times today 
Dreading today so much to do in so little time 
After a week off, back to the daily iPhone challenge. Here's today's. #42-  http://twitpic.com/7j3w7
my package wasn't shipped till today so i won't get it in time 
morning....  sad times today
@thedinnerlady I'm in the office today  But next time I'm hungry I'll give you a shout :-D
back to work today - bad times 
wow... barely an hour online today... 
@Trapes How is your arm today ~ you have had a really rough time with it haven't you? 
I need to print 506 pages today  It might take a while..
today is s**t so far  errrghhhh but hopefully i will be cheered up this afternoon with a good trip to town 
@contrarygirl shouldnt have been overtired when I put him to bed at his normal bedtime, routine today same as usual. just don't know 
radio's been good to me today: 2 muse, 2 franz &amp; lostprophets. good times. usually it hates me so much 
Home with a feverish toddler today.   Seems like they're trading weeks....
I only slept three hours and i have to work a 9 to 5 shift today. 
She started crying and said she wanted to see me today  have to wait til this weekend to see her, I&quot;m so sad.
going into the office today. felt like i got nothing done these last few days 
is not looking forward to the 8 miles she has to run today to make up for the weekend! 
@LisaSullivan It'll be a great day, but no pool for you!  I'm waiting to hear fr Abberly re signing lease today, hopefully later today.
little man's eye is worse today. usually he can fully open it about 15 minutes after waking. it's not opening at all today 
so sad @peepmypolish is leaving me today for the rest of the week 
Has to work 12 hours today... 
2 more hours... maybe it wud help if I stop looking at the time every 2 seconds.. today is draging in 
Hoping today goes by fast, feeling a little sick still from last night 
is very stressed today!!! could cry the way my days going..... 
This morning I'm extra tired, it came to fast (that'swhatshesaid). Not looking forward to a 10 mile run today 
heading out for ankle surgery today so my painting must go &quot;on hold&quot; for a few days...  
@Jonasbrothers I wanted to buy the album at target, but I don't have a ride to get there today!  I hope I can get it this week! I am s ...
COuld Have easily slept 4 more hours today 
Strongly looking forward to board gaming tomorrow , after a gap of about 2 months 
has walked 12 miles today, and is now dieing 
I would but i dont have any free time today. 
@sadiestar heey was that the 2nd year show?! i soooo wanted to come to that today 
It's so cold outside today  is summer ever coming?
12 hours driving so far today, reckon that we've got another 2 to go 
Oh shucks!! today is tuesday...still 3 more days to go for the weewk end 
dropped my new phone for the 2nd time today  my cases need to get here!!!!!!
today has been... well, today... my plans got cancelled without me knowing  oh well, theres always other days..
I have a bad back and it is killing me today .... i have a hard time just walking .. 
I can't believe my little baby is 2 years old today  ;(
X-eyed and sleepy. Too much computer time today. 
is proud of her will power to say no to cake today but I did have breakfast @ McDonalds this morning 
a little annoyed at the moment and bored  no live for me today
#cluetrain audio has been so up/down that I gave up - second time today I've closed down a webcast 
i'm tired, tired, tired and very busy, i don't have time today 
just threw up some bile since I haven't really eaten much the past few days and nothing but water today 
My friend just left, today was alrightt, i'll be glad when these next two weeks are over. plusss, i miss rene 
@omgitsdustin lol if i werent angling for that fucking promotion i would....lol i only slept 2 hours today 
@lmbwrites welcome to my afternoon of computer aggravation! Sounds like they've been uncooperative for us both today. 
found out today that our hedgehog has cancer.  very sad! he only has a few months left.
Is listening to M.I.A. Last roll of the year today 
My horoscope says not to sign any contracts today and I signed my time card  is that bad?
@coreenfun major fail on my part today. sorry i couldnt meet up in time. couldn't get out 'til like 4 
Stealing some time to prepare this afternoon's photo presentation. A question arise: will I fail to have my lunch again today? 
Having a hard time getting started today, but I don't know why 
today really miss my late dad  i don't know why. he left us all on the 27th of this month 2007
today really miss my late dad.   he left us all on the 27th of this month 2006. so totally 3 years now  :'(
o happy days, back to work today 
@TheEngTeacher NO time for workouts yesterday and today, really miss it 
@jeannemariepics Wow, lots to do this week! I just went back to work today, I had the flu 
today has been one of the worst days of my year. / scratch that. -the- worst. 
my dog that I had for 16 years passed away today. 
Morning. All hayfevery today  not good, I have a singing exam in 4 hours o_o help D':
@chrace21 Ah sucks  I have been thinking bout it for 2 weeks straight now. So tempted today.
just woke up a few minutes ago. i dont know what to do today 
@dahquim yes. I try and go 3 times a week. Bit exhausted today 
looking forward to karaoke session after work today ^^ no swimming this week 
am tired today. two websites going live this week so stressed to hilt. 
only 2 more days of literature class after today 
No time to get to the gym today 
today is the one of the days when i dunt know what i am doing 
@ironmanj - dambuster. I took yesterday off as I felt off, trained relatively lightly early am today. Typically, not been ill 4 months 
@techfun He's taking off next week so he didn't take off today.   I feel bad because I can't make a cake or take him out this year. 
I am sore everywhere. Also found out an assessment i had today i actually should've had last week. That teacher hates me too 
i hate school!!! i still have 3 days after today... 
i dragged myself into work about an hour late today. no one seems to have noticed though. i'm feeling not much better than yesterday 
Hates working on beautiful days like today 
@paulskibrah i'm working for 8 hours today too 
So out of it today. Might even answer month-old emails. 
I won't even have time to see my Gunnito today.... 
Getting read to hang out with friends today after the sad disappointment of no early morning 3.0 release.. 
@beverlywu I think I hit my snooze 4 times today 
I couldn't remember my own address today. I'm living here five years 
going for a run today..but its raining  must prepare for race next week though!!
10 years ago today I graduated. I'm old!!! 
well not much is going on today, counting down the days until i finally go on one out of four vacations. my body is sore.. damn softball. 
good afternoon twitterville. not feeling to well today. 
today is just one of those days that happen to suck ass. 
did not have time to mount the speakers today 
Round 2 of coffee today, this time it's iced. And I must admit, it doesn't taste so good 
As promised hours ago, here's the backstory (timeline) and full story on what happened today. http://www.truerwords.net/6306 I'm so sad. 
it's already a quarter to 6? my my how the time flies...i still haven't eaten yet today. 
I don't want to go to work today!!  get out at 1015 and then have to go wake up at 6 30 the next morning. I'm not looking forward to this!
It's days like today that make me feel like an idiot. 
@THEANGELSDEVIL yeah I was on my death bed for like 2 days from it too.  but I'm easy today
Chillaxin, worked 10 hours today 
 some of the tweets aren't coming through....I didn't receive half of what was tweeted today. 
doing not so good today have some sore throat I guess it's because of  all the immunization which I got within this week 
Yesterday was a bad day, first one in a long time - let's see if today can get any better, early signs say no 
Loves how busy it is today! Going to be a long couple of days 
@Digitalistic good to know. Hopefully mine will download today. Wouldn't last night. 
11 more working days to go after today ... and I haven't recieved my first paycheck till now ... 
Shit lesson today not at all ready for my test, i cant concentrate for longer than an hour. 
and the tranquil is shattered with the thundering realisations that I'm 30 a week today. FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK. 
Just got to work, nice ride in today. Supposed to rain in the afternoon though, 
My other half is going to china today for two months 
time, will you please go extremely slow today? 
@PhishyBrewer I was sick with sunstroke for 2 days    But now today I am feeling better a bit 
@cdurham23 We got some sad news in the office today, one of my coworkers daughter passed away last night 
very disappointed it's not friday  it's rainy and i snoozed for an extra hour this morning. i just might not be productive today...
wishes i would of woke up on time today 
My boss just said we could leave after lunch. Why did I schedule an afternoon meeting today 
whyyyy does it have to be rainy, today of all days?! 
senior pictures today. then sorrowing in kristinas house for the last time ever, why did she have to move 
@retroshu today is a lil tough man i'm so sorry i've been so removed  i'm so crazy swamped this week...
I knew today was going to suck; and believe me it sucks big time and still getting worse.  
Out of all the days this week. It has to rain today. 
Out of all the days this week... it just had rain today 
I believe i have mono..and storms leaving today for a week 
@YuliZ you're absolutely right - I was thinking today was the 17th  oh well, next year - you must tell me all about it next week at 2.0
Wow i feel horrible today  i have so many plans. I hope i feel better in an hour or 2
@mygoodburger Ordered delivery for the first time today. I'm only a couple of blocks away, but it was cold and soggy. 
I am sad today because I had to tell some ofo my staff they are not coming back next year! 
@miss_shavontae he's guna consider enducing me when I get 42 weeks  she's due today and I'm only 3cm dialated. I go back for a recheck
damn i jus peeped today is the 18th, my son is 9 months today! hes gettin old so fast! 1 yr in 3 months! 
wellll..in went to six flags today. it was 96 degrees, so understandably i only stayed for 2 and 1/2 hours.  so disapointing.
I got into a fight with my hand today!   No sex for a week!!!
aw, it wasn't me today  - #squarespace is giving away 30 iphones in 30 days here: http://www.squarespace.com/
The pigeon we rescued last week died today 
Oh no! I just realized that 20 years ago today the 80s were almost over. I'm older than I thought...  
@dorizinn I didn't know about it until today, actually, and apparently the #SoFlaTweetup is in 10 minutes. Don't think I'll be making it. 
couldn't give blood today because you have to wait 8 weeks &amp; its only been 6 
good morning...i dont feel good today.. 
I spent 6 hours prepping documents for a client today.  I think my eyeballs are gonna fall out.    #peterfacinelli
I wonder how many times I'll be interrupted today, and thus achieve very little 
@gilesgoatboy: I wasted like 3 hours of time on the mysql gem today 
so.... my guitar teacher did not come today  :@ I wait that he comes next week.
my grandpa didn't talk to me for 8 hours today. 
I'm so clumsy  slipped at least ten times today.
@babytangerine, I got moved to full time today and couldn't go!!! 
 not feeling my best today (man i hate break ups) not going to log on for some time
don't feel like today's a friday.. exam in 1 week 
is up at this hour and she isn't even working today 
@michaeljritchie it only usually squarks or whatever it is for an hour.. but today it was 4. and its next door so its very loud! 
attending #TechNet virtual conference today,if I can stay awake after another night (4 out of 4 this week) of #exchange callout problems 
@ninasplayground I typically do nap when they do cuz this has been going on nearly a month, but today I didn't   figures LOL!
Ah man, the new iphone is out today and I have to wait several weeks until I can upgrade 
@LisaLavie i didnt get the whole 3 hours worth your show  next week! id make more time for you. lol. big hugs! you were awesome today!
@chelleysmiles we didnt get to hangout today.  next time. 
@BBRRIITTTTYY hopefully..its a week today since we got my sisters dog, and they show symptoms from 7-10 days 
@HoodenersHorse would love to pop down for lunch but not gonna happen today  do you do this every week?
I'm up and at em early today..even though I am going to work from home today I still gotta go in the office for 2 hours for a meeting 
No time to tweet today  to much postprocessing , and to much picture's
Working 12 hours today...yay new iPhone 
good morning!!! I have to get ready to work another 12 hours today.  today is my last day at work though!
@Jonasbrothers i should have been there today  see you in a month though!!
the location isnt in the city today so i cant go  hopefully they will be back monday...i highly doubt they will film over the weekend
my laptop restarted for the 3rd time today! technology's been harsh to me these days 
too sick to blog today in http://www.fashionlimbo.com/  off to the doctors in an hour!
I want to desperately go lay out today... for the first time all summer 
Not wanting to work today or all weekend  ughhhhhhhh
got back from a big sailin boat today, was on it for a week, missed twittering to peopl 
obviously not going to have time for the gym today 
I don't know if it is cause I slept all wonky last night and woke up 3 times or what, but I am really loopy today... 
finally home. its gross out today  21 days!!
I don't feel cute today. Its one of those days 
i think i forgot to brush my teeth in the morning today ! 
fathers day shopping today? ...it doesn't feel like summer 
@suzziequeue not been too bad down here today but has been like that for the last few days 
@molliemoo thanks and nite nite. me have long night ahead. had no time to work today until now 
Oh no, forgot to enter in the #squarespace competition for today as well...I think 10 minutes before the deadline is a little late.  
today is my grandpa's 50th anniversary.  i can tell it's going to be a sadddd night.
Minutes feel like hours today 
I'm really annoyed today..I'm sick, and I reallly don't want to go to to work for the next three days!! 
3 west coast emails sent last night/today and no responses today  I'm a sad turtle
@angelaseye Just saw this and I didn't get to speak to @burnrubberrick while I was in there today..  but I am going back next week.
 today sucks.... just like this week does.
Just worked 12 hours today, sooo tired 
No a/c for 8 hours today ugh 
watching prom night (: i loooove scary movies, i got sun burnt today 
Less than 12 hours til I'm gone. I think just because I wanted to see him today, he wasn't there. A whole two weeks without you. How? 
@kareneeezy what time are you guys leaving for hawaii? today?? 
Is it cheating season? I found out two of my friends have been cheated on today 
@katieandcrumpet you have no idea. I almost cried about it last night and today and now 
blahh 12 hrs on set  edgefest today!
Seriously I need to revise today! This week is going to be so busy! 
awake at a horrible time of the morning again, not going to feel good later today... 
morning tweets...ahh i hate bad dreams  the job hunt starts today!!
Has got to drive 260 miles today 
@robpatrob we have family arriving today for a week 
what is myspaces damage today ? not been getting notifications for 3 days now 
ugh found a house we really liked today and its been on the market 4 days! guess what - it got sold already! 
 no diving for me today... we'll try again next week... #bsb
not working today...first time in a week..but I am tomorrow 
take that were awesome last night, feeling rough today thou 
I have to organize so many things today. I'm pressed for time. 
I suppose we have to leave today or the folks coming in this afternoon will not be happy with us.  #fb
whyyyy is it only 7:10ish in the morning??  On the bright side, I get off two hours early today!
@Soraal today is my grandpa's 83rd birthday, well would have been. 10 months today he died 
its raining..     photoshoot today ..then work the whole week.
not really have a great time today.. 
Going to workout really hard today because of the beverages I consumed last night which are bad for P90X training 
I want to program  but I can't seem to find the time today...
today started all wrong, this week has been all wrong, too much petty bickering, its all my fault...my dreams are clouding reality 
The little baby dove died today.  He was only 12 days old.  
@justamy i know...i've officially run out of underwear today and must wash now.  hoping I have enough quarters.
Is working for a few hours today....on a saturday  I want to be out by the pool!
morning...and is sick today 
I felt like I almost had no time for myself today, except for some internet browsing this morning  But I did a lot on my project, so yay.
I like the weekends I have the apt to myself...not today 
@AlexislovesJB I'm too un-tired to be silly today  Haha we were just delirious on the phone last night
Just woke up like 15 minute's ago. I have a lot of homework to do today  ugh
4 or 5 days sober today! not on purpose 
going to bed in a few minutes, i'm feeling horrible today 
I cant believe its been 5 years today. i miss you nonno. sosososo much 
Just threw up for the 4th time in under 3 hours...  Almost everything about today has gone the complete opposite of how I hoped it would 
gahh i have to work today  i really need to have some &quot;me&quot; time...
damn today was a bad day, got a severe down and a huge ego deflation about my current health &amp; all. worst down in months 
found out today that i'm allergic to penicillin. guess i shouldn't have been taking penicillin all week 
bored, cold going to work 75% extra today and they already cut my shift short by like 2 hours!  = loss of $60
Restoring my iPhone 3G for the 4th time today thanks to cydia updates 
made a nice 100 today, I need a new job though, I only have 17 hours scheduled for next week. 
i almost saw the guy that first broke my heart today. he waited an hour for me than left. i haven't seen him since summer 07...  can't.
@shiviland today i finished the season 2 of supernatural 
He said he would love me forever.. then why did he cheat on me? i saw for the first time in 3 weeks today ...im still in love with him 
@egbl I hate those days!  I hope tomorrow is waaaaay better... To make up for today. &lt;3
It rains today. And it will be cloudy everyday this week. 
Fitpole was excellent today! BUT but.. am gonna be missing 2 classes in row for the next 3 weeks.  sigh...
@WMSPhotography didnt have time for me today 
204.0 today, even though i haven't worked out in three days. i am still sick 
Working should be banned on days like today... 
the budgie is 15 years old but i think today is his last 
@cloudsaredreams i knoow, i want to get to 1000 today, so i will have done it in 6 months, but i don't think i will 
had a great time last night but is too sick to go to the pool today 
@jmatt279 hey love. i always enjoy our time together. i wish i could go back to mu with you today  love you.
11days !uptime, and I'm going to have to shut it down today 
i leave for camp today. I won't be able to update for a week  #fallforyou
@ddlovato I was going to meet you today but now I'm too sick to come  I'm soooo upset, I've been waiting for over forty days for today!!!!
Missing dad today, wish I was home this morning. 
is really sick this morning and hopes he can make to chruch some time today 
saw a few of her churchy friends today for the last time in three weeks  but hoooraah for the good times they will have in nepal!
The weekend was a success...and i dont want to leave lexington today 
In the 70's today but 90's by the end of the week. The weather is tryn to take us down 
driving back to morgantown today  had such a great weekend!!!
I was only outside 5 minutes, and I'm sweating like insane   It's too hot today
I need to go to my piano lesson soon  well after today I don't have one for 2 weeks or something like that
today is my least favorite holiday. 
Pretty upset that I have to go to church alone today.  I'm pretty upset period.
Enjoying time with my dad today, although he doesn't feel well. 
the weekend is too short, i dont want my boo to leave today 
12 months ago... I'd give up what I have today to go back... just so I can see you again! 
I'd give up what I have today to go back to a year ago... just so I can see you again! 
soo a little baby bird was born in my yard a week ago?, was hopping around in the gardens yesterday &amp; today i cant find him 
Yay!  I have Internet again!  And no more pool time for today... 
I got stung by a bee today...first time ever. it hurt 
I am going to #squarespace today. It would help me endure the incredibly crappy week that seems to be in store for me. 
Last night on the island and I got sunburned today 
@mumbleguy I knw how u feel!! Last week went by to fast!!    I so didn't want to go today but I did!!!
ugh no license in the mail today  maybe it does take 8 days like jerry said..
i miss bilawa, it's our 8th month anniversary today.. and he's away working in the plant somewhere around bogor 
I'm swamped today. .  no time to tweet n om top I have a huge headache
today two months ago y grandfather passed away. 
is not feeling 100% today. The surgeon predicted more pain on days 4, 5 an 6 and he was oh, so sorely correct.  #fb
Is so tired today  has to work til 5. Wishes her paychecks weren't three weeks behind 
@SteveHealy na i work for agency cancelled 5 hours today 
had another migraine today! Thats 3 in 6 days! 
@she_shines92 yea it's been working fine, but sometimes it just goes out  on days like today lol
good morning, and I don't get to work today.. sad 
there just isnt enough hours in today to get done what I need 
third time having hiccups today 
@Kaetia Haha. I don't even know if I'll have time to go out and get it today.  might have to wait til thursday.
@SophieBaron i asked the lady and she said she would try to get them up by today but definitely within 2 weeks so 
50 more minutes then I have to go workout  can I just skip it today pleeeeeeease?
@BBManik cheer me up homieee....  how was today?! this is your year u know!
I am overwhelmed today  taking a moment to eat and pray!!!!
Even worse news today at the doctor.. getting more extreme all the time... 
so hot here today, def to hot for gardening  at least i have a few days holiday coming!
only worked an hour and a haalf today  should of just had off, but whatever
my birthday is 1 month from today 
Having such a hard time staying awake today 
pulling weeds for 4 hours today. not fun. totally sun burned. 
 boo you suck...but thanks for one thing today and can't wait for the rest of the week...
@lacielanell I didn't even know it was coming out today until like 4 hours ago. 
I almost vomited during pilates today.   It's really difficult at times!!
@thatgirlkelly sucky suck.  I was feeling ill today too and still a bit off. perfect for the week off 
I spent many hours today making the key algorithm that holds all the other algorithms together... It needs tweaking, badly 
@DavidArchie no web tweeting today?  I love when you reply to like 37398 people ahah gives me more of a chance. 2 days till I see you!
aww my boy is really sick today, hope he gets better for the weekend 
How long ago was it that I announced 300 days of happiness? Should I not count today, since I wasn't completely happy 
it's 30 celsius out today and i can't enjoy it , i'm sooooo waisting my summer break 
@kamiwawa i'll be back aug 4th. layover in changi 5 hours. I IMed you today but you went offline 
drinking my coffe...today i have a lot to  pack...2 weeks no more twitter for me  ..buhuhu
today i almost broke a record. 20 hours of sleep! but, i FAILED. 
Last day off today before another set of six at work  Still, had nice days off and who knows what today might bring...
couldn't watch transformer today  sold out.  So I plan to go next week :p I watched the proposal instead
good morning all...today i fell so sick 
@supergirlsu think it's hit me today that it's over for a few weeks  hope your shift is ok.
Home again, only 2 hours of shopping today 
today i got my result of the exam i made early. i though i was save but i got a 3.4 so thats no 6  got to study for next week
@bimbler lucky you... don't think i'll have time for lunch today  what you got???
half of 50 today  I'm getting old
I'm so sneezy today.   I haven't been sneezy in a week or more, so I thought I was past the sneeziness.  Wroooong. 
dang it, had a meeting today but it was rescheduled to next month...i shaved for nothing 
Out of all days, they had to tear down the gatsby poster today 
working 10 hrs today  - thankfully, its the end of my 44 hr week ! -
Not ready for today. I need it to be the weekend. 
Nothing to look forward to today... or for the rest of the week. I'm so bored 
today sick  getting better for the weekend ;-)
Just remember-at the very last hour-that today is our anniversary! I'm sorry, froggy.... 
I'm missing not talking to you today; and the weekend'll span an eternity till I see you again 
cheer---2-a-days  today and tomorrow..... 
Training course today so just hope to stay awake through it 
just realised the appointment is an hour later. how annoying. @avangeli good luck today 
confirmed 2 new staffs today... one coming tomorrow and another in 2 weeks! 
morning !   should have by blackberry by the end of today Wahoooooo, a phone that should hopefully work 
A week today and we'll be back home! 
watching last night's episosde of 90210 before going hospital to see my daddio. fingers crossed he'll be home today 
It's another gorgeous morning... I have my two year old niece today and she's sleeping... so shhhhhhhhhhh 
off to the riteaid... then time to make my list of what to do today... still loving spring break 
Another year older today!  At least it's sunny out! 
Not only on time today, but actually a few minutes early! I have a feeling its going to be a good day 
@rcmanuel42 i wish i were in bed spooning with you right now... i'm tired and i miss you... plan on nap time later today. i love u! 
@sleemol I love doing that; let's do it some time that isn't today 
time to go to work! i get to see good people today though at least. 
good morning all. hope today goes good for you 
but nonetheless, i had a good time with them again today. 
Cylced just over 22 miles today 
is moving to tempe today  and might be trippin up to flagstaff for the night. 
going to bikeriding  again second time today
breakfast time tennis today woo! 
@jarodvhale Got it last night, listening today. Thanks for  the offer, that's so cool of you. 
@carlynhenry we had a great time today and hope you did too 
12 hours of opera rehearsal today! Wow! 
@davidbean: such an honor to work with you this week. you are truly awesome!!  thanks so much for asking me to be part of today!
Too much on my to do list today..... 3 weeks left!  Not just running the race but running the race to win 
@Jeffersonian I went for one today that was put up today and it was already gone with a few hours. It happens! 
@kelvintraves going to a big flea market today. it's about an hour &amp; a half away, &amp; is most busy in the morning. 
Only running the service today...which means extra long morning at home 
had an exhausting week and is laying low and enjoying the sunshine today 
I drove for the first time ever today. It was only in first gear but whatever I still did it 
Spending time with Daleele today! 
meeting my niece for the first time today 
can't believe that spring break is just about over - roadtrip today 
@yadikeith good morning  what happening today ? did I miss anything?
will be buried under a mountain of papers that need to be graded today. 6 weeks left! 
@NickSnider have fun today  thanks for the laugh last night as well... :-P
is happy to be working today $15.50/hr and B******  k bye the bus is here 
@billionaire5  I avoided two days in a row. I WILL work out today! 
@aarteepotnis You sound busy   I'm taking things slow today. I'm having one of those days when you feel like doing nothing 
had a v good gym time today 
such a good weekend! off through to the deen today, roll on edith bowmans show! 
@motivationmama It was great! Next time I'm there we have to connect. I finished the info for you, will send it over today. 
10 months today  saying happy holidays for 420 today is kind of stupid. it is not christmas
@KerstinU Sounds good. when are you free? I'm flexible pretty much all week except today. 
Celebrating 3 years today 
accidently dogged bobbie today, which i'm very sorry about &lt;3 I love my bed, so comfortable, also i'm not going to swear for  month 
I was on campus for a grand total of 20 minutes today.  I love short days. 
working...doctor appointment today at 1:45...then back to spring cleaning 
@Hutchypoo had quite few pints  feel sooooo spaced out today! got back at midnight last night and im at work today! PAINFULL!!!
Ah I'm up! Only a 1 hour lecture today 
Last meet of the season today. Hopefully we make WIPIALS. 
@mileless my wife is two weeks older. She's hot. And I hit on her all the time. Does that count for one of your tips today 
Gets to see dad today after not seeing him for four months... pretty excited 
getting good calls today...at least. its the weekend 
I want more hours today, just not enough time to enjoy everything good! 
is satisfied with his recording session today 
@stellar_samar @Sjav yes today was sooo much fun! lets do it again soon! beach time hopefully soon! 
totally went for a four hour hike today. 
Shooting plastic rounds today 
Aww...I'm one year older today 
@kissmeelvis  you come back today  I hope u enjoy your weekend there 
About to go to work. Double time today 
what an awful night, still, today should be great 
20 years old today  WOW !
@kentgarrison where and what time is your acoustic set today? please reply 
I seem to be using every single minute of today.  Some days you get so much done and others...well, you don't. 
I think imma go to church today. . .  Its been a while, like a week.
@mintwich it is also today! They usually do them every 5 months or so 
I like days like today.  come see the play at calvary chapel @ 3pm :-D
Listening to btmi's 'to leave or die' for about the 4th time today.    get it for free download on http://quoteunquoterecords.com
havent been using '' for a Looooong time until today 
It's amazing, I'm not procrastinating today!  Actually will get free time tonight 
On to a new week, boating is coming ,got the lower painted today  good thing
good morning to tweets! how are you?  today it's sunny hope it will last
Realizing that I don't have school today... or tomorrow... or for the next few months.  I really need to get on those job applications!
@spook68 morning.any plans for today? 
afternoon. have the first rehearsal with this (extremely talented) singer-songwriter today. wish me luck 
spring pictures today  going to schoooool
just another monday...but there are less then 2 hours to work for today... 
philosophy final today! thank you @sportygirlie08 it's 3 days now!!!! 
@destroytoday thanks! I'm totally bushed today though time for some coding 
I hope everyone had a great weekend! I will be here on and off today as I have 2 important meetings today 
the big boss is out all week.. small yay. free lunch for the office today, big yay! 
My birthday is a week from today! 
enough for today, good night all 
played okami for 14 hours today 
is spending time with her mommy later today! 
 is in a good mood today  Even if i have exams next week revision i think not 
@nassyusof you too? haha,so,u managed to finish all your workloads durin weekend? i ended up partying and today kelam kabut in the office 
good morning! how's everybody doing today? 
I have an issue, I can't sleep w/o looking at images from a session! one from today w/ becca  night all. http://bit.ly/12fqkF
@peterdeitz Have a great time today, keynoter 
Goodmorning  couldn't sleep last night..but I feel great today 
I had a great day today  I also realized I'm gonna be very busy the next few days with projects :/ O well today was a smashing success 
@madz_xo have great time today with the sexys  x
Right... getting up now, I've been lazy this morning and the chickens can just lump it... wine making today 
@_alps  hehe i didnt even know it was an ebook week and actually finished an e book today morning ! 
@rustyrockets its my 21st next week would it be possible to have an early birthday tweet, it will definately cheer me up today  x
After today, there's only four more days. 
Leaving to branson today! Be back in three days! 
Babysitting my babies today after 4 months of not seeing them 
fiona is contemplating on today's events  today was more than a person could ask for in the summer ) NOT!
thinks today will be long, but rewarding  2 more days until A.J.'s wedding!
@mmmochi well it should be under 100, but I think I went over it last week so I have to make some cuts today. You don't have to worry 
Going to spring clean my room today i think ! Its well overdue 
@amandabynes I watched she's the man for the billionth time today. I loved you in that. 
And the best time ever today 
@andyclemmensen i herd princess on the radio today and screamed lol cause that was like the first time i have herd it  ily x
I have a week off after today 
1 year anniversary today.  @sweetnspicy
getting ready for techkatha recoding  will be live today as well http://kalingasblog.com/radio in few minutes
Graduation today! What a crazy four years 
getting ready for techkatha recoding  will be live today as well http://kalingasblog.com/radio in few minutes
is working today then relaxing at the pool tomorrow  I love summer
:today is what I love about Sundays &amp; sunny days. 
today is what I love about Sundays &amp; sunny days. 
@mayyasi i have clean today, since i don't see the use of cleaning at the end of the week(before getting lazy) 
@SusanMain thanks so much!  yes it is special. 30 years old today! Yay!
@Ribofunk yes! It starts today! I'm going next week. 
only working four hours today. yaaay ! 
buzzin about the amount of revision ive whacked out today...mainly the last few hours tho... 
I didn't make of to church today guys, LOL but I'll be back next week  I promise!
today is my one year anniversary with Kaylaaa 
had a good time with craig today 
Morning  Last exam tomorrow! So that means, last day of revision today for a whole year!!! It's been stressful...
Yay it's our 4 year anniversary today!!! He remembered  http://twitpic.com/5f07c
@ultra_violet77 @AMCFARR  and good morning from over here too - busy working - so not much time for chatting today 
Reaaaally want to move now. Two weeks today my degree will be done!  So I ought to go practice for my recital I suppose...
@ladybug8320 plumber is like an old woman! so slow! i'll not get over later today could be next week now. half-term. we can chat soon 
week off starts today 
@iShorty_2009 The people one year above me just had theirs today 
feeling amazing after training for two and a half hours today  woohoo!
Feeling pretty icky today between allergies and cramps. Some months I had being a woman. 
3 weeks today 
after today... 7 and a half days left of high school 
had a great weekend! would love to have off today though - oh well! 
@lyndakraxberger great Q for today, the first day of convergence reporting! let me think about my answer while I get ready in 10 min haha 
@caseymercier anything we can do to help  It is going to be 80 here today....FINALLY! we had frost warnings past 3 nights!
Yay today is the last monday of the year! 
I'm feeling loads better today than I was for the past few days.  I'm going to hang with a friend today.  How cool is that?  
today is 2 and a half years of togetherness with my awesome boyfrann 
Woot today's exam is the last time I'll have to do german 
Lunch time *crunch.will simply have instant noddles today 
shaminxoLunch time *crunch.will simply have instant noodles today 
Lunch time *crunch.will simply have instant noodles today 
@theroser so fun to see you today (or yesterday since it's past midnight) 
@theebayk1d 6 hours... not bad. today i got four.  
I want today to be over already then I have a week off 
M? sent a message to me. She said today doesn't learn English. But i didn't know again . So i had a great time in supermarket 
has finished his exams today and now has summer to look forward too! 
just remembered where she is going to be in two weeks from today. 
Celebrating 3 years of being with my girl today...still as happy as day 1  (although twice as poor haha)
Is there anybody out there today? Or has everyone already started the long weekend? 
hoping people didn't actually expect me to talk today.... this'll get better. give it an hour 
i had a dramatic moment today 
.@architeuth1s hey mate!! you're getting married today eh? don't forget that it's #NoUndiesSunday this week again!!! 
three job interviews today, then five hour drive to washdc. wish me luck! 
Working today, then off for the weekend and its going to super nice out. 
Just started twitter today...getting ready to start the morning. 
Most days I love the window in my office -- today it's just too much of a temptation to go outside and play 
working in the am, lunch with @Slotterbach, and then meeting up with @tinabradfordpr later today. good way to end the week 
shooting 2nd camera today with 5d  for first time YIKES!!!  13 weddings this weekend double YIKES!!!
I am not working very hard today! thinking about weekend 
I rode my bike in to work today for the first time in a month. It was a good feeling. 
2 more days of school after today 
i ran 6 miles today, ate healthy... i feel so damn good 
morning tweets  today i should be on my speaking test for RSBI 3 ,but i missed it haha lol
haven't been blipping this few days and is thinking of doing so today. 
This will be the last time I post this today. I can't wait for Atashinchi no Danshi ep 7!!! ahh, I need it 
I need to take the time today to continue my book 'someone else's treasure' 
got more exercise walking to tara's today than i have accumulated in the past 2 weeks. its definitely bedtime!  lulu tomorrow!!
i bought prom night today. that movie is so good, so suspenseful 
@linaBOFA ppl like u make days like today seem not so bad 
finally got to talk to MaryCarmen today  and so excited about next week!!!!
Looking forward to today and the weekend, its really sunny and I am in a fabarooni mood 
@taylorswift13 that was a very entertaining few minutes spent reading that, i recorded the today show as soon as i heard you were on it 
Gooooooood morning twitizens ! anyone as upbeat about today as I am ? 
@ladybug8320 morning!! beautiful isnt it! what you got planned for today? 
i wish i'd stayed up for the #jonaswebcast last night now; at least i'm going to see the movie today 
