Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 246), ('found', 228), ('day', 215), ('took', 204), ('done', 199), ('made', 193), ('night', 166), ('spent', 160), ('slept', 151), ('home', 139), ('time', 107), ('work', 103)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Has_Gotten', 0.7537458539009094), (u'Could_Have_Been', 0.7474613785743713), (u'Would_Have_Been', 0.747055172920227), (u'Cleaned_Up', 0.7459372878074646), (u'Slips_Away', 0.7448782324790955), (u'Went', 0.7420840263366699), (u'Found', 0.7401972413063049), (u'Remind_Us', 0.7393382787704468), (u'Forgets', 0.736869752407074), (u'Took', 0.7359351515769958)]





Picked Mich St to win it all from the get go.  Was feeling pretty good about that pick all the way up until......tonight.  A's lost too 
Wrote exactly three lines of dialogue tonight, then gave up. 
Done with homework. Sneezing  but feeling better! 28 days
Started getting mailshots aimed at pensioners - it's all downhill now 
Entered a online poker tournement against 49 others... finished 18th 
Today I'm really amazed (scared) by how many basic errors I find on e-commerce websites. Wrong error messages, no loading icons, etc. 
Morning all. Gave the cat his tablet this morning... What a mission that is! He knows what we're up to now and prepares for battle 
Broke my tooth yesterday  it feels like it's spilt in half.
Started his 12 week training, it's going tobbr tough with so many birthdays, currently at work    http://twitpic.com/2y81k
Dinner was gross. Took forever and tasted like dog food. It was probably nice, but i hate food. 
Slept too late to go run this morning.  
Fed up. Stir crazy. Bought lovely new clothes lst wk and haven't even got them out of the bag. 
Found it.. bloody iPlayer tho  hate that thing with a passion.
@SarahStewart better excuse than &quot;my parrot ate my headset&quot;. Literally - once did 2 in 40 mins  - Blew $160 /sob
looked for cafe on tooting common as per @baseblack suggestion. Ended up in the wrong one 
Just woke up...another 10 hour shift today   Started a pally last night...she kicks butt!!!
Kept waking up, had the weirdest dream, and sick 
@CaraKeithley I'm so glad I wasn't tricked into planting flowers last week! Supposed to be another frost adv tonight 
Started 2 rain naw  That Wales 
Installed the new derailleur and I needed to adjust the headset. I discovered the steerer tube is too long. So no raptobike tomorrow. 
Stayed home from school, little sick 
Destroyed my diet and ordered Chinese 
Came home from work to find a small bird caught in my chain link gate. It must have flown into it and broke its neck / strangled itself. 
just watched Taken again! love that movie! going to get a good night's rest busy weekend awaits me. 
Ahhh, celebrating success this week. Found new suppliers for must-have items.  Old suppliers just quit supplying!  
@Tyrese4ReaL Missed u today..no words of inspiration or deep questions  ...hope to hear more from u 2morrow
Waited an hour to be seated, an hour to get our food and then the food was cold. Tres Agaves resturant 
@vanny114 he taught me everything I know.. LOL, jk. I'm ready to leave wrk. I'm doing my deposit and the comp. Crashed.. 
Tired eyes from playing guitar hero and making dinner... Made white choc brownies but don't feel like eating them 
Slept in the same bed as my 4 year old brother. It was a rough night. I think he beat me up in my sleep cause my back hurts now 
Done some cleaning...my hands are sore 
Started ethics again, realised I did it wrong  But I know how to write it all  I'm just not best pleased about it :/
Wow. Knew I should've gotten here early. They already sold out of Omar vinyl. They are gonna see if they can get more. 
Made 32 cupcakes today. Cannot eat cupcakes. F U dairy free diet 
Done with all my calls before my second shift.  I only convinced 3 peeps to donate.  bah!
Stopped at the McDonalds Eastland for lunch then back on the road for another 3 hours 
Spent evening looking after suki doggy shitting herself everywhere, falling off the decking into ditch and whining &amp; running into things 
Done calc i really want to rest but i have to hit the library again  what you guys up to!?
@petewentz - I am here. Came 9 hours. 
I really am not a fan of grocery shopping. Done in record time but lines r long 
loves MTV's Made. I wanna be a snowborder 
@GratiaeUtDeus Same boat I'm in! Made lifetime, got away for too long, and then 19 pounds over goal.  But I'm back! You going back?
Found 10 bobbleheads in fallout 3 need 10 more  for the achievment
Turned her rice crispy square into rice crispy mush 
Someone is mowing.  Threw me off...limp now 
Slept very badly last night... 
@pauldtheripy Say it ain't so 
Finally found a house to rent for next week's content shoot. Took a nap, ate some pizza, apparently I am not going out tonight 
Spotted @CortneyM in the audience but didn't get to say &quot;hi&quot; 
Feels all grown up and boring! 
Found a room!!! Yay!!!! I have to do a later check in tho.... 
Found my red pen, but not before it got all over my new white tank top.  #copyediting
@nacorburgos I want to watch that but mum has control of the TV!  Crashed into a car today 
Slept for an hour ish and now can't get back to sleep! 
Slept so well - lack of socks  But full today, late one too. Bring on tomrrow and new equip being delivered!
Arrived at home and still unwell 
Spent the day canyoning yesterday (jumping off waterfalls) in the Lakes. Wicked fun but may have a fractured kneecap as a momento 
Ran outta graph paper - freaking out! &quot;can somebody get the kid some graph paper&quot; ! - anyone  ?...please ? :'(
@jasoncupitt I am like a running tap today. Spent yesterday outside frolicking under the blossoms, today - disaster! 
Slept 3 hours........feeling tired 
@wilyumis I know right! Made me sad. Not as colourful and nice as I remembered 
Started training for the #GrandEastAngliaRun today- 2 weeks to go. The state I am in 2 months will not be long enough! 
Stayed up all last night, in Melissas'. Talking about nothing ... So tired !! 
Found three baby birds dumped in the same place in the yard. Moved them to a safer place. Two of them did not make it through the night 
Spent the night at my mother-in-law's place. I like her a lot, but the beds down here just don't do it for me. Not good sleep. 
Worked all day today  But now has 4 days off!!
@delicateone  I cried at series 3, ep. 5. When they lost the baby. Made me very tearfull. 
@emoltzen Spent my tax refund on catching up on my CCs.  I was really wanting some new shoes!
Gave up after two... im bored! 
@emoltzen Spent my tax refund on catching up on my CCs.  I was really wanting some new shoes!
Played a bad game with hockey today, lost 7-5 
I am soooo hungry. Worked out super early, felt like puking, lol. 
@KCinWPB Stayed in, was stormin!  I was wonderin where you were, babe!  What'd you do last nite?  Missed you 
Started off the day with a punctured tyre, ended the day with the film all shot and early. Now months of post-production! 
Stayed an extra night because of a big storm. No @marksheppard for me today. 
@KingdomGuard Missed boss.. where is boss?  
Worked out this morning... nearly killed myself... now I'm completely drained.....   
@CHRISDJMOYLES I would say so after what has been said!  Say it aint so!
Should be in church. Stayed out too late.  I feel bad. But I'm tired and my legs hurt!
Played like a monkey again. 22 over, developed a case of the shanks whenever I got a wedge in my hand! 
@CocaBeenSlinky Searched the other week, could only find 5 mins stuff on youtube 
Took bubs to hospital for her first big bump bump  frightened me witless! She's ok tho! Cannot wait for day to be over! LOL!
Off to Paris... Feels way too early today. JG Ballard has died, sad  I'm half way through Drowned world, so good...
@Dragonrider80 someone has been having a secret laugh at me.  Decided I was right in the first place.  Boys are dumb.  
Spent 10 minutes choosing wine at the supermarket &amp; it only took 1 second to drop &amp; smash in carpark 
Came back from jog.. Sore 
@GSMHelpdesk That sucks  Happens a lot to me, too :S
Kept waking up all morning but not getting up...wisdom tooth killing me, arm still very bruised, and foot bandaged. I'm in the wars! 
@anne_brand Found it! But have no time to read it  http://tinyurl.com/clonhs
I want my bed. Used all my energy at break 
Sliced the end of my thumb off peeling potatoes for the roast last night, OUCH!  Slept with my hand in the air to stop it from throbbing 
Walked 5 miles yesterday, and . . . weighed 2 pounds MORE this a.m.  Not a happy camper right now. 
@ckarath - you made us go to Meijer last night with your pecan pie tweets.  Came home with no pie fixings. 
Took a hit to my self-esteem yesterday. I'm not entirely surprised considering my behavior, although I thought I was tamer than usual. 
Ran 5 miles in 42 mins and felt tired. Slow   But, hey....at least I did it 
Where did all the clouds come from? Finished work... want to sit out with a cuppa and all of a sudden the sun is hiding! 
Say it ain't so http://blackouteurope.eu/ 
Stopped reading Club Dead to get some work done. I don't wannnnaa. 
I am so confused. Its morning, but my body thinks its about 4am. Slept terribly 
Started school, it felt like we never had holidays, its so depressing 
It's payback time. Spent yesterday golfing under the proviso that I dig the garden today. 
Slept way longer than I meant to and am now down to less than 6 hours to finish this paper. NOT good... 
Moved downstairs into my new room  and will be at home 3 days a week whoohoo and working away for 4 
Hated everything! Loved one thing but no  life is hard!
@CarlosSP Sent wednesday 
Found a stray kitty at the dumster  it was so cute with these gorgeous blue eyes. Gave her away to a lovely couple so now she has a home.
Shaped for the next 18 days  150gb downloaded in 12 days.
@JenSueLang Found out becky has to work tmrw night 
Discovered what heart burn is tonight. I'm getting old 
@Jopinionated Made me cry   but excellent ep, i agree. Watched it twice too. #lost eliminates my faves. bastards!
Today at school tony Took a spray bottle and started spraying me and mackenzie and then steffan grabbed it from him and got us soaked 
nope, not tonight. Found something else I was missing. 
Took a nap...  Now I'm running late 
Came home sick from work  I was crying in front of a lot of people  I feel like the biggest baby in the world.
Slept bad, tired, but have to work 
Slept well but woke up too early. 
Feeling like I got run over by a lorry. No alcohol involved, just the most tiring week ever. Slept for 12 hours last night, still groggy 
Stayed up way too late  gonna pay for this one.. 
@solobasssteve  I'm using Dreamhost... Found it difficult.. thought it was just me 
Spent the morning studying!  gotta finish atleast 1 more chapter before tonight's match..
Wish I had money. Found all 4 Saiyuki resin kits on ebay. 
Broke things off with my guy tonight and am really depressed about everything.  
WTF.... Turned the house upside down, and still can't find what I'm looking for. Where did I leave my .... ? 
@marcflores no  how are you? Recovered from your jet setting?
Found another guy 2 lime w/but it wasnt the same; he was taller than him, he danced diff, we dint &quot;fit&quot; &amp; dude tried 2suck on my shoulder 
Moved into the new house. Everyone is sleep but me. I can't sleep. This realllllly sux. I'm so not comfortable here 
@rosalielynch My kids never had any grandparents come for grandparents day~too far   We did have a neighbor that would fill in, Loved her!
Awww the Wanted game was way to short. Finished it in one night 
Started work at 5am on a saturday boooo 
Took some benadryl yesterday and it KNOCKED me out; so I missed my date  luckily he said today was fine...
Bad morning. Found out my copy of Sly Cooper 1 i got dies after the first boss. Looked at the disc and it's messed up internally 
Left dog beds out on patio - rained.  Found 50 eathworms underneath. Collected them &amp; put in flower bed covered lightly with soil. ;-)
Made some french fries. Now my stomach aches badly 
Say a cat with a broken leg. It was so friendly, I hope it doesn't die 
Grrr, stupid trampoline having water supplied around the edges. I was sat on it and now my bum is wet.  Took some cool pics in the garden.
I'm so sore! Fought for 20mins, got a little bruised all over. 
Dropped kids off at Korean school and walking back home (almost a mile uphill). Brought my ipod but battery is dead. 
I just destroyed topshop. Spent too much again  x
@aDriWha2Say i think so. They are playing at the gothic on 6/27 but i cant go 
Done a bit of gardenin 2day an saved a worm from goin in2 the shredder, only it ended up bein mutilated by the lawn mower 
Found a great deal on a car, but it has a misfiring cylinder ..   if they fix it, is it worth it after that?
@haylz4000 I feel lonely, it's weird being at home without you guys  Say hi to dad for me! What film are you guys watching tonight?
Made pancakes this afternoon. Syrup hides my lack of quality pretty well. But we ran out of syrup. 
Slept in. I needed it. (: Now I have to clean the stinkin house. 
@joeymcintyre missing your tweets  Say a quick hello so we know you're alive!!!
Took a nap that ended up lasting 7 hours! Now I'm wide awake! 
@adrianspencer Threw me away like a used tissue 
Bought a DSi tonight and Rhthym Heaven. Holy crap! Very addictive. Played for 2 hrs straight. Now I'm going to be tired all day tomorrow. 
tidying the house is hard work. Done upstairs, now its downstairs  think ill get breakfast first
feels better now.  Talked to bf about it and he said we are going home later on today which is good.  I have a tummy ache though owww 
This table sux! Full house just beat me. Took me for a lot 
Moved on to  heartbreaker,wanted to listen to love is hell but i can't find it 
Alarm didnt go off. Missed my flight this morning   waiting for three hrs in airport for next one
http://twitpic.com/4h2dl - Found my favorite little Japanese eatery near midtown. But it's too early 
Stood outside southend cliffs pavilion. Why didn't we come ydy! 
Made pancakes for the 1st time...not bad if I say so myself...now back to work 
Spent the morning doing housework !! 
Worked like a man ... Now everything hurts 
Made it back safe &amp; sound from the swine cruise, but just barely... I am burnt to a crisp 
@PaulPunktastic any word on The Used touring? 
Spent weekend cleaning my closet, fixing computers and coughing 
Phone is dead and charging   Found out when I woke from a nap!
Slept in purgatory, had to get through the night suffering 
Finally found out why twitter doesn't work. Wrong cell company 
Played 18 this morning and was not on my game.  Shot an 88, 44 each side.  I'm not happy with that after shooting an 82,  
Done...now I can start to enjoy my weekend for like an hour and 15 minutes...ooops 
Kept inside this weekend.   On the bright side, making some headway planning audio system purchases.
Took the moped for an inaugural ride after it's trip to the shop. Started at 35mph. Slipped to 30 after 2 miles, then 20, 10, 5... push 
Started looking for new jobs. Sent out 2 applications online. I'm so scared 
Began watching an MSNBC documentary, too disturbing... I have to change the channel.     I'm beyond disgusted!
Bad day! Broke into hives everywhere..what am I NOT allergic to? That lost is shorter 
Bad day! Broke into hives all over..the worst in a long time. What am I NOT allergic to? That list is shorter 
Partied to hard and had hangover ALL day!! 
Done for the night...only 20 pages to go before getting into the horrible organization issues of my paper 
Stood for a whopping 4 hours straight. Tired legs. Tired, tired legs. 
hello people!! how is monday going? I m back after giving exam. 3 down 2 to go. Now will sleep. Slept only 2.5 hrs last night 
Long day coming to a close... Missed u @outerim 
Spent some time on facebook but nobody around 
Walked out of her paper early, still gotta wait for dinner 
Baked some bread yesterday for the first time in years. Turned out cakey 
Taken the kids to the bus stop man i feel so depressed and sad today 
Stayed up way too late last night. And does not want to get up. 
Done the hoovering,the dusting,the floor wash,rearranged the utility room,had lunch , now to wash hair .. That's taken care of day off ! 
Jumped right into taking photos of coworkers this morning. Couldn't even finish breakfast first 
Slept in later than usual.... But still very tired 
I am sad - Broke my camera last night 
Finally found the cinema. Took much longer than it should have. Missed screening. An hour till the next one. 
Trying to wake up.  2 starbucks couldn't even help.    Pulled an all nighter and slept for an hour.  Catches up to ya after 3 days repeat.
Done with being an undergraduate... 
Spent the night at home, ate a chorizo and egg taco fer breakfast, no cool mixy drinks. 
Took the wrong train home and it got chilly  good thing i'm using @w1ngs as a sweater
Cried all nite an cant c any signs of it stoppin soon  lost lisa thursday , losing my bro wednesday can it get any worse for me 
Spent most of day in the animal emergency room. Over a grand later, they still don't know what's wrong with him and why he can't get up 
Came back from a restaurant; yuck. I miss booboo. 
Found out that my car is sick. Booooo. 
Came too early for the gym class 
Took a bread knife to the finger  http://yfrog.com/48o8jj
just got back from dinner with the mother. Sent my lil bro to prom  he looked so handsome &amp; his date was beautiful !
I am officially the most accident prone person I know. Slipped in the bathtub 
Slept abysmally last night- restless and weird dreams.  Totally shattered. 
Arrived at the workshop I'm hosting 30 minutes early to find they've scheduled me later than confirmed... 3.5 hours to wait now... 
Pulled my quad, that's me done with playing for a while, bummer 
Slept in, put the coffee on,only to find I set it to delay brew 
Staying out late gets harder as you get older.. Used to be able to go out like that doing a hand stand.. 
@FireFly74 it's been a fab day so far. Clocked up a 6 mile run despite last nights red wine, felt really sluggish though  now revision (
Made Pillsbury cinnamon rolls for my mom. I didn't know that they would taste like that. I'm sorry, mama! 
@stevepizzati Don't tease me   I'm a big tga fan, and love to spread the word... I've seen every  ep of uk tg.  Say hi to waz &amp; james.
Sculpting bear, buying hay today. Found electrocuted toad frozen in mid-climb over paddock fence 
Gave a bangin' shining moment today because nekias still sick 
well the weather has really taken a turn for the worse. Turned from a lovely day to windy and raining 
Took a nap this afternoon and had a dream where I was being tortured...o_O  I must be a masochist 
Done! another wedding done and dusted, uploading, then its time to sleep for um, 6 hours 
Done decorating for 2day now the garden 
celebrating mother's day by tending to my bronchitis-suffering momma  Made some carrot ginger soup and honey oatmeal wheat bread for her
Really, really really  really really really really want to do some online shopping. Seen some niice stuff. No card or adress tho  poopy
Made my mom cry  but in a good way so it's all okay!
@EktorOni Buscarme al aeropuerto!!!! Gave you my flight info and you said that you could... 
@FyodorFish I did. Spent most of the day with her and now I'm back to writing movie reviews.   
Wheres a good place 2 live that has NO snakes b/c i need 2 get there like now! Seen another snake. I have a serious phobia 
Moved back home to des moines  so sad
wonders why there aren't any seeds for Made of Honor.  http://plurk.com/p/t07i1
burned the roof of my mouth today, always a bummer. Took the joy outta my PFchangs for dinner 
Slept for 10hrs. straight......  feeling guilty now 
@DHSmostwanted Took my friend and the baby to Venice Beach. Kid loved the swings. Bought new flipflops which broke my feet. 
Took a nap..woke up with a cold/migraine...watching Dexter.. @mommadukes226 miss u 
By the way I cooked it   I also cooked breakfast for everyone too. I got ripped outta mothersday. Spent 45 min at home so far. On my  ...
Ran into the frame of the bed  . . . Slowly bruising.
Done with FINALS!...and can't sleep 
Made a lot of noise and bothered downstairs neighbors. Oops.  #fb
Ran so many errands today I'm tired!! 
I take that back about my youngest. Received email aft last tweet that he is abt to repeat English next year.  No license?? U tell me.
@NessieOXOX I dont want to do orders  Hide under our desks and play monopoly? Shot gun wheelborrow
Received a weird 401 error (aka could not authenticate you) when using @askseesmic on the new update. 
Done with my grammar test. I don't think I utterly failed it... but I don't think I did very well, either 
I'm listening to the rasmus... Missed their gig because i had glandular fever  think i caught it at a disturbed gig a couple of weeks  ...
@smartie999 Yes, were there last June. Stayed with friends in Oswestry &amp; did the rounds.(Sold our cottage 4 yrs ago) Not this year, tho' 
Opened my living room windows. Realized one didn't have a screen when my cat jumped onto the window sill with intent to squeeze through. 
Slept in study for quick access to revision. This is how depressing things have gotten 
Jay Z's 99 Problems: Problem #19: Went to the zoo and found out that dragorgans aren't real 
Stopped checking gamedev for like one day and now there are like 100 interesting topics to read 
Only If She Knew. 
Slept until now. Really miss swimming but have to wait until my chest clears fully. 
Done shopping for paints and equipments and stuffs. Wore matching color jacket with staffs at Bunnings but still didn't get any discount. 
Heading to cafe to meet freak face.. Done 2 hours straight revision this morning.,,, aah tmro.. 
Found a rabbit nest last night after dogs killed their mother. Two bunnies in the nest, one ran away but other has broken leg or back. 
Slept like crap 
Made it 2 school on time..well kinda..2 bad I missed breakfast..so Hungryyyy  ...ihatemath.
Arrived at work on time but the one piece of machinery I need to do my work is out of service 
Pulled an all nighter  roughhh..
Won these dolls for you. But you weren't here. 
Slept like crap  working all day again 6 days a week sucks
http://warrenbuffettsystem.blogspot.com/ Bought a stock but no win, 
At work with my amazing new shoes on.  Bought insoles...but they need to be cut to size.  I have no scissors 
Gave up on bioshock 5 mins into the game 
@missyjack: Link doesn't work  &quot;*Not Found*... URL was not found on this server. Additionally, a 404 Not Found error was encountered...&quot;
Gave katy a devil tail as a last 9383211 decision. Tree has been chopped  but idc!
Spent most of my Caturday alone  I don't know what this &quot;errand&quot; stuff is, but it sucks!
@ULTRAPRINCESS sick again! Say it ain't so! 
@LilMissOpinion For some reason, it is skipping a week. Sucked for this week though. 
http://warrenbuffettsystem.blogspot.com/ Bought a stock but no win, 
@jeffctaylor They played the Commadore ballroom last night. Sold out.  I missed it 
Knew this day would come eventually but wasn't expecting that news today.  I'll come to terms though
Found out how much my speeding ticket costs. 
Done with my 2 day freshman orientation.. 1 week until college starts! tugstugsss no more time to see my friends 
@lafemmeluna  noooo. Say it aint so
@HelloKaydi Also on a more creepy note. Found your myspace but cannot add you. 
Arg! Took a nap and slept too long- missed full belly show 
Slept for 12 hrs straight and still sleepy 
Spotted, R and B in the parking lot of an impound lot. 
Made sickest laydown of my life tonight and was correct, but took terrible beat two hands later to bust 12th out of 180 in KFAN tourney 
http://warrenbuffettsystem.blogspot.com/ Bought a stock but no win, 
Took child for walk round the village at 5 this morning to send him to sleep. Worked a treat til he woke up again when we arrived home 
Done at body english already..lame...my feet hurt...now at dinos looking way too hott for this place 
http://twitpic.com/5cnm0  Finished   I want more levels. This is fun!
Came in to office this morning to get load of work done, drenched. What a fucking country for weather 
Dropped him off, urgent care butt shots for allergic reaction 2 mosquitoes! Youcherz! Watched BenButton, cried...the lonely bed awaits 
just got woken up unexpectedly. Now  going to try to go back to sleep. Say a prayer - haven't slept good in a while. 
Took pictures with Peaches today, but I think I ripped my roll of film  kicking myself..
http://twitpic.com/5csv9 - What Happened  x
@RopeMarksMuse Say that pic doesn't exist anymore.   I like your pics ;)
@ashmatt1 left a video on kellys page. Gave you a shout out cause we were hungry  still are   
Threw out all the size 2's and many size 4's from closet with a heavy heart as a result of heavier body 
@raybuyco  Wrong picture on the website for today's event... http://bit.ly/2m6SJj
Spent 1.5hr @carphone warehouse trying 2 replace my iphone, came out with no iphone &amp; a blocked switch card. Its just not meant to be 
@augustl I had the same problem - never had an apple mp3 player and needing an album that was iTunes only. Bought it - couldn't play it. 
http://warrenbuffettsystem.blogspot.com/ Bought a stock but no win, 
@MattMan10 OI! you lied to me! you said you hadnt replied because you hadnt stopped.Stopped what, sleeping?Hadnt stopped lying?stop lying 
Took my vitamin without eating and now i feel like poo 
watched the news...wasted about 15 min. of my life. Started out friendly saying good evening..and then it told me why it wasn't 
Spent the whole day in bed...not feeling so good today 
Came to arbys cuz no one could go to shin ju 
@auroraeosrose I hear that. Spent most of mine catching up laundry and dishes. 
Waited too long for lunch 
Brought my drums to my house. I miss playing here. 
Broke my last sewing mechine needle   have to wait now to finishes Jacks bed poor puppy if he'd just stop eatin his beds
Worked all morning, lifted carpet in bedroom, painted skirten boards and now making dinner. 
Made breakfast for my boy, healing the war wounds. Not gonna make it on gabbys boat  Prob will poke 5th ave fair at some point!
Started a 3 page essay at 12 and is still not done with it.  I don't know what else to write.  C4rLo5
http://warrenbuffettsystem.blogspot.com/ Bought a stock but no win, 
Desperate need of a leg message! Worked on the yard today, legs are sore. root canal tomorrow! yay 
@jaypers I have to go to work tomorrow.    Made lots of notes today, though, so hopefully I remember part of what I was thinking.
Wonders if my thrice weekly froyo habit is actually making me fat! Gained 3 lbs 
Made it through the weekend.  I was really depressed the last few days.  ...not excited about work though. Another week here we come.
Bought 5k bunyips, got some cash back but the graph shows otherwise... 
Found out I had locked the cat in my room this morning. Just finished scrubbing the peek out of the carpet 
Stood @ Bolton bus station n just been mistaken for a coach driver by a posse of old dears 
http://warrenbuffettsystem.blogspot.com/ Bought a stock but no win, 
Started on time at work 2day. Only 3 days before a 4 day weekend! I think I'll survive unless they really shut down my big project 
10 hour mondays is surely a test of my dedication. Not good. Finished reading a book last night, the protagenist dies, I was very sad 
Pulled out four white hairs.  ready to go mimis.
Getting ready for work ..... So tired today....... Slept for 13 hours too....,,. Not good 
got stuck out in the downpour   Came to the realisation that plastic ponchos do nothing!
Found out the downside of working for yourself, if you have commitments you have to go even if you are ill 
@mrs_mcsupergirl  to the Jordan pic. Loved the joey lifejacket pic.
Ticket for #fotb purchased. Missed out on the mega early prices though 
Listened to the song  haha cut my finger open waiting for it, and then i got blood on my bun haha 
My cab far was 7aed. Gave driver ten - so he cud keep 3 as tip. He was so happy but makes me sad. What does some people earn here? 
@KiwiLucy it is all finished  Loved that closing scene though.
Came back from Sac a few hours ago and I already miss it!!! 
Came up to the nurses for a bitta sleep, now i cant 
Found a baby bird in my vent the other day. Looked after it and in the morning it was dead  What is it with birds dont they want help?
Oops, supposed to be in a conference call but previous meeting over-ran. Looked through window and they decided they don't need me now  ?
Done no work but going to stop now for lunch. Lol. Salad time. 
http://warrenbuffettsystem.blogspot.com/ Bought a stock but no win, 
Too much coffee. Made 6 cups worth. all gone 
Slept for about 3 hours and now working an 8 hour shift.   gonna suck
barely on the net anymore, but joes asleep in bed and im gonna start getting ready to go to town. Ran out of dior foundation already 
Bought something online n paid via 2Checkout.com. I have to wait until they verify my credit card now  can't download! I'm IMPATIENT!
@AnthonyCallea don't do it... lol. Loved it but wouldn't recommend it.. 
Brought a new laptop  All that money GONE!!!  I suppose it'll be nice to have a laptop that works though...
Stood in a puddle then stubbed my toe on an uneven paving slab. Result = wet, hurt feet 
NO!!!! Say it is isn't so! I don't want to go to school! 
Done with tuition. Its always so warm there that I feel like a sweaty old yucko.  - http://tweet.sg
Argh! Awoke to no hot water. Found inches of water in the basement and a broken sump pump. Lousy start to the week 
Slept at @timrosenblatt and @yukoncorne1ius and now I gotta drive home. 
Swam 1500.00 meters   in 42m. had to share a lane with obnoxious folks.  awful end to my first build 
Moved house on weekend... No internet here yet... 
Poured myself a cup of coffee and forgot i didn't have creamer 
Stayed home from school missin a game  ughhh layin back down i feel blahhhh
I'm back @ work after our 1 yr ann. Wife and I actually went to the Ft. Worth zoo for our ann. Had a blast all weekend. Now, back 2 work. 
Worked too late yesterday... I messed up everything.  Made some horribly bad programming on Warbeast, and now nothing works.
Loved part 1 of DH but will have to waite for part 2 tomorrow 
Stayed home from school sick adn can't stand it  
Found a dead kitteh on my step this morning. It was all black. I felt bad for it. 
@comradeosaka oh man thats shitty  Slept in or did something keep you away from it?
Broke my french blackberry 
Found out today the word ranger is another term for a person with red/orange hair like an orangatan, how offensive! 
Spent the weekend house hunting but no luck so far  In my head the first place we saw was going to be perfect!
To many tracks @dbapmyers!! Done recording now I want food   http://yfrog.com/3obbgj
Someone pack for me pls! Took a nap barely doing laundry now whomp whomp 
Just saw the worse accident I've physically ever seen... 5 cars. Looked like the scene in 7lbs. I hope the 2 upside 1s r ok 
Broke the bank 
Slept in after being woken up multiple times last night by various people and various levels of ridiculus noise....exam at 2 
Found a StartGate under my desk, current trying to stop Anubis dry humping my leg 
Found out that it's so easy for people to just say 'sorry i can't' without even trying first. I should learn to do it.  
Took the plunge and got DMC:Greatness, now I have to wait for the fair to come back to town 
@MinuteDesigns Tsk, been there before mate. Made a multi lingual CMS then was told by my boss to fill in the content, took aaaages. 
@littlebead yeah tis huge this am! Came up really swollen! Blooming boys and their anger! 
Bought a netbook yesterday - so I can work whilst I'm out. The battery won't charge   back to Currys we go.
So, a decorated veteran now becomes less of a man because of his sexual preference? Wrong on all levels... bad night for me 
Done with most of my work, just some freaky paperwork left over which I tend to postpone from day to day 
My god my feet!! Walked for 10 mind in my new glass and my heels are cut and stingy  plasters please!!
Returned to the library after a 236 day break. I know the exact number of days because I had to pay a fine for 222 days. 
Spent too long playing on north shore at lochore.  need to decide on a shorter route now.  
Spent all morning trying to fix laptop, when I day fix I mean pressing buttons! It's not working  thanks @rosskie for his help
Please don't call me to say aunty stories. Made my runescape FOG lose 
I really wanted a slice of our apple pie. Made the mistake this morning of telling the maid that she could have &quot;a slice&quot; too. It's gone! 
Done with the house cleaning  The reward; a yummy meat sandwitch!!! Warm thing up b4 2day's workout
Found her! But there are so many 
Bought a gap shirt and now im broke  - http://tweet.sg
boring day today.. Discovered the 40:30:20 rule by which credit is taken in office by the 30,20 guys who did nothing.. Waiting for 5 pm 
Say hello to a 12 day week 
Broke my cash card  on the bright side it's kicking off in the bank over a 2 person queue
@asronline haha. Used tho... 
Found out one of my friend just passed away... How unexpected 
Monterey airport is so tiny! Took us 10 minutes to check in and go thru security haha! Couldve done my hair 
@MarlonRibunal Wished we had memorial day holiday. 
Found the PERFECT house! I just hope hope hope that we have the $$ for monthly payments..  I'm going to cry if we don't!
Spent the week dogsitting.  I miss waking up to a puggle standing on my chest 
Bought a bracelet for my ball today and two hours later it broke. 
Bought @borinda a latte @ 7pm tonight. She still can't get to sleep and it's all my fault 
Spent much of the night worrying about a roach that got away.  Why do I let stupid roaches affect me this way?!
Owe my foot.  Hurts like an amputation. 
Gave a talk on &quot;Making sense of statistics&quot; to health service managers this morning. I think I made it too technical 
@bktree I'm not your bff???  Answer me damn it!!
Played softball. I didn't suck and I miss it now. 
Moved to a new office location... Cudnt have been a more pathetic change 
Made a muppet of myself  embarassing!
family fish dies. Found him on the floor this morning. He's jumped out of the tank. poor little thing 
Found a Liverpool Fan at work....just wish the game was airing on TV sunday 
@nicolespag Done that toomany times myself. 
Spent all morning kicking my ass writing a paper only to get to class ready to pass it in to discover that it's not due yet 
Spent the day fiddling with bike. Various new bits including cables. Shifting is lovely now. It's so clean I don't want to get it mucky 
@danamoos sighs...you had me all excited for lobster! (via @myrtlebeachblog) me too  hubbys fault. Made him soup and sammy
missed mediation tonight. Lola, my pup, is limping. Came home to keep an eye on her 
Slept all day, now I gotta do homework for my 8am 
Took out my old ska CDs. I miss 3rd wave ska 
@avtherav how was the Hip show? Worked too late then did something they'd approve of: went to play hockey. Prob won't make it tommorow 
Unbelievable,my daughter can't find her shoes anywhere.  Searched whole house together. Just vanished 
Stayed up till 130 last night doing my culture box and as I'm walking out the door, I'm attacked by a scorpion 
Worked for 12hrs straight     Certainly prefer drinking for 12 hrs straight!
Knew it was a mistake to turn on facebook chat . . . 
@mrskutcher I worked for a major grocery chain in socal and u would be amazed at what is thrown away! Drove me nuts seeing the waste! 
Sucked at tennis today... 
I need more practice in badminton! Won 1 out of 3 games. 
except Crowbee Died  and mike brought back the cat to auto repair shop wher he hid in the car at.
Came home to an ill dog tonight, she might not make it through the weekend. The hardest part of having/caring for a pet is seeing them go 
Found is willie is gay.  @pletch5
Bumbed out , Missed Jb webchat 
Chills all day long in 90 degree weather. I'm sweating one second, and freezing the next. Slept all day long. I am definitely ill. 
Worked an 11 hour day with 2 hours sleep 
Slept really badly!!  crazy, crazy dream!
Talked to my friend. Says he is leaving the state.  He can leave if he wants to, But i will miss him. Known him 4 a long time. 
@fashionismo ahhhh &quot;Sold Out&quot; 
Took a shift tomorrow.    I don't really feel like working right now.
Spent last night in A&amp;E (ER). Wife tangled wheels with Daughter &amp; hit the deck. Dislocation &amp; fracture resulted. 
Took a 4 hour nap after work today and won't be able to sleep all night    This is a bummer
Ran out of money. I r a sad panda 
Bought a new combo printer at costco today (officejet j4550) cause it was cheaper than ink 4 old one. #windows7 doesn't like the fax part 
Done with my drew and jayk handmade gifts now watching old menudo vids 
@ Pretty_Mess you missed all the free shots 
@weelissa p.s. Dead like me was awsome. Loved that show  missed the last 2 episodes tho ?
@veronicasmusic When are you guys coming back to do a tour in Oz? I missed you when you were here earlier this year   Made me sad
@notmywords yup-unfortunately  Took today off work and just slept all day.
Last night I had 1/2 a bottle of wine in my house and 2 cocktails. Came home sober but still gonna be sick 
Came out of my house this morning to the stink of cat poo. I have cats doing their business in my little bit of garden. 
Slept 7pm-almost 10pm, didn't fall asleep again until 3am, got back up at 5am. Aw, school. 
@danperry By the way, let me know when you want to schedule a round or two. Played highland woods monday. Shot 96. 
Shopped til i dropped....come bac sunshine i miss u 
Kidney Stones again  What did I ever do to deserve this kind of pain, not once or twice but five times in my life??? Took drugs, peace out
@Rukkie    What To Say?
Slept at my parents the bed was hard as a rock now my back feels like a rock 
Officially out of my apt  Learned some stuff about the crazy neighbors that used to live across the hall....scary!
Pulled in all directions and not knowing where to go 
I'm so lost without my laptop. And no break again for me today. Made even worse that the 2 big bosses of skipton showed up today 
Spent too much today!!! Tube journeys always take soo long. Braces on thursdayyy 
Found some great places but I might have to play it safer and wait 2 years till my car is paid off 
Stood outsiden got the WORST butterflies everrrrr! 
*YAAAWN* Stayed up too late last night, still gotta work &amp; get up super early tomorrow  
Found out that a schoolmate died of an heart attack this morning. He was barely 35  will miss u bally!
1 of my most hated jobs. Clipping coupons &amp; going thru house, top 2 bottom &amp; making grocery list. Took forever &amp; now major shopping trip 
Started the week with a wedding, now ending the week with a funeral 
Done at the spa   now meeting vic for some late lunch!
Spent the last hour signing yearbooks. I'll miss you guys! 
Done with geology!! But I'm really missing my favorite sisters! Especially because they can't go to banquet tonight 
@angiemartinez me too.  I was in Florida last weekend for the rain.  Came back home to RI, rain.  Terrible 
Took me 2 times to get over the wall. What killed me was the 150 lb dummy that you can't drag. 12  seconds over. 
Spent the entire morning in a meeting w/ a vendor, and my boss was not happy w/ them. Lots of fun.  I had other plans for my morning 
Gained 3lbs wish I could afford something other than top ramen... If only I had a job... 
Broke the laptop again... 
Took a long nap...I feel like I should still be asleep 
Placed a $2 bet on a sure thing and lost.  no more betting for me!
@julierubes I won't be at the game.  Found out too late.
is getting ready for another makeup baseball game.  Played the same team last night &amp; got run ruled.  
@DanielJUK awwww  nsty when ppl make fun of someone &amp;  laugh their asses off; when the see ur not laughing that shoud be a HINT! Wrong 
Doing my fieldwork databook. Slept awkwardly. Bones all sore. 
Headed to see friends new baby. Gave up trip to the lake cause of dance class. Such a good mama. 
By @nikhilbhaskaran Drove a #-mazda #RX8 today and boy, that car is fun! Sadly though, I don't find my car that much fun any more 
@kofoswagnificnt no b only u! Slept off missed my ride and so chillin in d telly on a friday night. 
I'll probably have better photos up later today. Took some picks with my big camera too. Camera phone = blury camera 
Played a show tonight @ Chinnerys, southend. Snapped my guitar strap, ripped off the strings then threw my guitar across the stage... 
Knew she was an idiot.. 
Slipped up and caught the flu  feeling like poop!
Sold me desk for much needed money.  bye bye pretty
Spent an hour trying to call @mitchelmusso 
@brentitude our boy wake either has it or not. Looked like he had it but lost it there  #redsox let's hope our bats can pull us back
@PatBrough @brentitude our boy wake either has it or not. Looked like he had it but lost it there  #redsox let's hope our bats can pu ...
6:15 woke up. hu hu. Wrong biological clock 
My hair is finally long enough 4 a pony tail. It's been YEARS since it was this long. Used to be straight - now has waves, what a PITA. 
Found a gorgeous dress I'd actually wear again BUT its on the higher end of the price range...so the other girls prob won't agree 2 it.  
@jameswedmore great call with @rcpowers! But you never asked my question  Loved the info on introverts &amp; extroverts.
Started out having a good day but it seems to have turned into a frustrating day. 
Came home to no electricity!! 
Started training for a 5k today. Naturally I'm rewarding myself with french fries. 
@basantam I'm out of beer sadly  Knew I should have restocked while I was in HiLo this week.
I always lose drinking games!  Shot #2
Just watched an ambulance take my next door neighbor away.. Say a prayer. He lost his wife earlier this year &amp; I'm so worried about him.. 
What was supposed to be a 30 minute nap turned into a four hour nap. Slept through two alarms. Shitcakes, there goes my evening. 
I need a job.... Broke n jobless graduate..... 
Loved the sound of the grumble when I'd accelarate.  ha ha ha.
Found a place in ballarat that sells rice paper rolls only they a half frozen 
@Frackalicious aww ur phone died boo  its was great talking to u. Loved hearing ur voice, see u in 2 wks.
My Benz has stopped running  Died just as my wife turned into the driveway which is better than anywhere on the road. Where are my tools?
Done with surgeries, and doctor visits every week. Yay! But still in pain 
Waited too long to buy tickets 
Found a bug 
Done but now im waiting 
Spent the eve w/ old friends, saying gbye to my exhusband, @onewildeknight. Hard to see one of my BFs go; I count on him so much. 
Slept funny so back hurts, don't want to get up for work 
Spent 3 hrs Skyping with my love bc we're long distance for the summer.  it sucks!!!!!!
Is getting ready for work on a really sunny day  Found something out tho: brushing your teeth and drying your hair at the same time=hard!
Checked my clock and saw he may still be on. Logged on and found he left 30 mins earlier.     I love him, and hope he's okay.
Done with my homework...summer school is already kicking my butt 
Broke My finger 
@ZoeLCoop23_ It just did. Made me feel like I wasn't good enough 
A lovely looking day in MK. Made the mistake of asking if anyone needed washing done. At least 4 loads now beckon in the kitchen 
Bought a new microphone with what little money I had but it has a 1/4&quot; jack and I need a  3.5mm jack and i have no money for an adapter.  
Slept for 9 hours, was ready to go to work and suddenly had a migraine attack  Slept another 3 hours, migraine gone, hopefully for good
Received a very sentimental #poetry from my friend ! Trying to recall me our school days ! 
Finished studying for today. Done concept drawing for my project. I've really lost my drawing skills..  http://twitpic.com/68y7o
Started my day off at 4 am with a wide-awake baby who was ready to play  No more early bedtimes for her!
Oh no!!! Missed my 3000 tweet!!! It was 24 tweets ago  damn it!!
Started packing. 
Won two games of pool on the best table ever! lost twice aswell 
Spent the whole day watching stupid pointless movies - 1408, The Astronaut's Wife, Mukhbir, Bridge to Terebithia. Had hopes for B2T. 
Bought the wrong battery, can't drift tonight  http://yfrog.com/14rxzej
Disappointing day. Attended a car boot sale to raise some funds for the sanctuary, made a total of 88p after the entry fee - sigh 
Say a prayer...I think my clothes dryer just died.  
Needs 15 dollars lol. To bad sumone stole 40 of mine 
@QuestionSleep Say whaattt?! I can't be out too late tonight though because I have to drive to my co-op in the morning 
@bobbyllew; I used to say 'Can I bum a fag, please?' Stopped smoking now though 
@SoxJetsFan I missed the 2nd half too  Made it back to watch the trophy ceremony though.....
About today's theme song, &quot;Jumped up out the beeeeed but my mask on, to try to get the pollen out my face. Yeeeeeah  &quot;
Bought another scrapbook for the 2nd generation of hamsty. I'm also going broke soon. 
[-O] Found out its used up 25p from my credit to look for the track  ah well.... wish i was on a unlimited.. http://tinyurl.com/ncrvxn
Liked a guy kanina. He was just gorgeous: he's tall, good looking, has a beautiful singing voice, great body and not gay. But he's taken. 
Spent a few hours updating/fixing my blog on a real computer felt goooood. I wonder when my new laptop charger will get here 
Played hockey.... Bleeding leg, scabby elbow, sliced neck 
Ran 9 miles this morning...my whole body aches 
Bad nite.. Followed by bad day.. Followed by good afternoon n good evening.. But the bad beginning prevailed in mind 
I can't believe I over slept this morning. Ended up being 31234 in the que. no blizzcon for us this year 
@brianlustgarten I just drove through Columbus. Gave a shoutout to you but you must no have heard. 
Oh no ! Missed some of bgt 
Stayed in the garden all day and didnt tan, But i had funn, and got school on monday and theeen i got to get readyfor exams 
Played street fighter 4 so much I have a blister on my thumb 
@pbandjazz brand new car was stolen from a 24 hour fitness parking lot yesterday. Stole hubby's keys.  had it 2 weeks.
Walked about 2 miles, it was fun untill my ipod decides to die  reading breaking dawn now!
Took grad photos with the GPhi seniors this morning... the end is near 
At my friend's son's christening party. Waiting for the pig to arrive. Held the baby until he started crying. 
Sold out in 2 min. Congrats Blink. But now I'm so very sad. 
Oh no, bifocals! Say it ain't so 
Just finished watching Taken, 1 more hour till I have to get ready for work.  Thinking I might clean up a bit.  I hate the night shift 
Spent the first half of my day brunching and visiting with friends. Now it's time for some serious studying. I'd rather be at the pool. 
Found a super old type of me and my friends singing and me talking to my self  awww i miss the old days
microsoft's vision of the future (parody) http://bit.ly/bjAiQ (via @bkzzang) meah!!  nothing new!!! Seen before somewhere... ?.?
Ran my errands and had to pick out new glasses with a slightly larger frame 
Broke two bones in my nose. 
Took my dog for a walk and it was hecka hot outside! 
Done helping my mom move, time to go help my dad move now 
I need my bed. Missed my flight &amp; I'm sick 
@WLiiGroupie Missed you too! working @730 am sucks majorly 
Scooped in huge pot  down to 15.5 where I started
@JoeEde my tentmate promised we'd tent with my team.  Turned out tmr n utac were gonna tent together n when they didn't he copped out 
I wish there was like a day where people twittered movie/book selections :/ Finished another book, I read too fast 
Ran out of drink 
Says She Used To &quot;Match My Fly&quot; What Happened?? 
Done playing poker... didn't do so well 
Awh @thedollyrockers were on tonight. Missed them. Gutted.  x
@malackey nope didn't format anything. Turned my camera on last night to take doggie pics and the bday pics weren't on the card at all 
That was anticlimactic, their produce section blows today. Bought fennel and carrots but happy with neither. 
Done wit da yard...looks nice if I may say so maself...not lookin 4ward 2 dis lonely nite ahead of me  [stay tuned...]
You can't break stand in a BMW, oops. Learned that the haed way 
Watched dance flick ! LOL hilarious ! Made fun of twilight at the end of the movie 
Stayed with amy lest night and now again 2nite....amazing so it is... well not actually the now cause shes sleeping 
This is a heart warming story.. Brought tears to my eyes  http://bit.ly/ryi5p
Daughter has been throwing cash in the bin. Found 15 bucks so far. 
My @papajohns order is wrong again  Sent in their on-line feedback form / hopefully it does not fall on deaf ears.
Unfortunately my cold hit again during lunch and had to leave early. Spent rest of day in bed with my tissue box 
Dang, I just woke up from a nap... Turned on the game... Looked @ the score... Turned it off. Goodnight Cleveland 
uh should not have gone on @theworldgame website. Found out who won the FA cup final whilst game on in background 
Came back from camp today.... I miss camp 
Totalled my car last night  I'm so sad. At my dad's after work, hope something works out.
Nobody Knows me deprime tanto quanto Who Knew 
Slept a while, but sad because convo has happened and I missed it 
Watching &quot;Taken&quot; wow this is horrible,like what's being done 
I had a long day at work today. Wished I had unmarried friends to go out clubbing 
Worked my ass off today. Just got home.  No rest for the weary 
Gained back 4.5 lbs in 3 days... WTF?! 
Helped taylor and jacob at their swim meet today. I miss swim team so much 
Picked up a fun, crazy homeless man hitch-iking who blessed us &amp; our car. Came home to find beer was spoiled from sitting in the sun. 
Spent the week unpacking at my new place on long island back to orlando on monday for 12 more days 
Played golf today, and I sucked. Driver is like a cannon, but everything else sucks. Drive for show, putt for dough, I got no monies 
@gaydarbroken No....no Xbox. Used to have one. Stayed with the ex. 
Found out that this new headache med could be causing my bad mood  Which I'm still in unfortunately. Watching Made of Honor with my mom!
Waited too late to in get bikes. Now I have to wait later to avoid drunk people. 
Knew we should of got more than 5 mickeys. There's only 3 of us. 
Spent entirely too much time on blip.fm tonight and will have to stay up extra late to at least make some progress on this new project 
Why r my twitpics disappearing? Sent some amazing photos yday  http://twitpic.com/6bjzl
curious case of benjamin button: saddest movie ever! Cried so much near the end 
Bought by2's 2nd album enigma latest disc...e twin's 1st disc out of stock 
Placed 4th in funrun today in the 17-39 age group,could have done better not happy 
yup the crying has started. Finished part I and it's sooo sad 
Handled my first H1N1 spec. I was waiting for it to oink. It didn't. 
@thatlass I hate it here  Lived in Deal most of my life, it's only 9 miles away but feels worlds apart!
Up with my little guy.  Made the hard choice and have decided not to race today 
@john_hunter @ellenwest it was accidental. Installed software not knowing it had this feature. 
Someone stole my bronze heel...please return it. I swear it was in the box n now it's gone! Ruined my outfit for church! 
Took a bath this morning. About to catch a flight to japan. Cleaned these guys. Ouch   http://twitpic.com/6bqkc
Spent. Completely. Using jean's now  will be super broke when i get back
So full. Eaten too much today 
Spent 3 hours to buy a book. It's been a hard day 
@iSukk sheepers! Thats a full on day! I had a similar day round here! Started at 4.30am tho  - I hate Mondays....LOL
Played pretty well in footy scored 3 goals with a beautiful snap shot, didnt play rugby though 
@neonbean Happens to me too bbz 
My body hurts! Spent yesterday shoveling, hauling, &amp; spreading river rock for my mother's flower beds. I'm not as young as I used to be. 
Worked out this morning. It went easier than usual, but now my knee is hurting. 
Slept 12 hours haha ! But now I DON'T want to study math !! 
@diegorsolers  Not Found The requested URL /contest/ was not found on this server. Additionally, a 404 Not Found error was encountered ...
Bought a fan, turn the fan on, it broke! 
Waited for nothing. 
Walked to work today to try and free up knee, hasn't worked  Now everything crossed I DON'T need another operation, not hopeful though
Played from our 30. 2 tackles and we're away no ones going to stop him going over once again TRY conversion came off post  14-16
Down with the flu. Hoped I would be able to give it a skip  Loving my new car, though!
Came outside but the sun keeps going in 
Dreamed of Roi last night. Cried. Didn't seem real he was really gone until this tour 
Slept all day today. If I had woken up earlier, I could've gone and helped @jiwooo with his production 
Gardened &amp; watered.  Found a fourth nest in a fern on my porch... hosed the little guy right on out of his nest!  I put him back. 
Stopped by my sister's 2visit before I leave &amp; my beautiful 2yr old niece didn't want me 2leave  tore my heart up having her cry in my lap
Wahoo! Finished building my flower beds. Now just got to build the legs for my stone bench 
@mmmstaley I made the mistake once of leaning a bass against a radiator. Ruined it - a warwick through-neck so it was fucked 
Slept in.. no overtime for me today  Leaving for the Jays game in 30 mins...All You Can Eat Section w/ my little bro.
Struggling with Chapter 51. Not fun.   Changed my username, though, and am currently trying to find people to follow...
Made some spivey mince stuff to eat. Mouth is now on fire 
Walked around the lake this morning really do not want to go to work it's so nice outside 
Brought my camera but forgot to bring my cable to upload pictures...crap 
Slept in till 11.30 this morning, albeit migrane-inspired sleep 
Slept for most of the day yesterday.  I'm sick.  
Fell in love with a house yesterday.  Saw the price. Fell out of love. 
Played xbox360 until I got the red ring of death... R.I.P xbox360#8 
Made beautiful spinach-chz egg white omelet this morning; was gross tho E assured it was good. Eggs suddenly back to tasting like butt. 
Took a turn for the worse, feeling really horrible today. Coughing is bad, nose is bad, and now it moved to my right ear  i'm fallin apart
Unforgettable day... Brilliant weather, came last (4th) in the major plate with a lot to learn. Achieved an even slower time of 2.11.33 
Spent 8 hours in ER yesterday, got home and was still puking. I puked for 18 hours straight, ugh. Feeling better today but really weak. 
Walked downtown for a coffee &amp; farmers market only to realize I forgot my wallet  #fb
Stayed at an alleged &quot;haunted hotel&quot; last night up in Coloma.... but didn't see any ghosts.  
Came home last night and my cat was missing!! Where is he!!!  
Spent 2 nights at a hotel by the Galeria bc my apt ac had a leak and workers punched holes in my wall/floor 
Loved the Selah show! Caught a terrible cold 
Came home sick   Fever, aching, sore throat, chills.  Fabulous 
@SheriShambles Too lazy to go and get it  Stayed a FAIL.
Slept way too late. Missed a good opportunity to go into the pool. Oh well  meeting with the group and our cast soon!
Spent four and a half hours painting the garage today looks good! But needs the woodwork doing now 
I'm so bored now. Finished reading betrayed.  Waiting for chosen tomorrow! :-D
Knew it was too good to be true. 
Took me like 20 min to change my pic and now I want the other one back 
Took my daughter to the ER today she might have a torn ligament  4 years old my poor baby girl!!
Pulled over to help him cos the bike lane between lake washington and parkway I teeny and he could have been hit.  I almost cried
 so much for barcampsd today. Worked til 4 and planned to power nap then go....just woke up. ::sigh::
Has been sleeping all day. Threw up my dunkin donuts earlier  stupid stomach. On to church...
Counted 58 dead fish pieces in her lake...right in front of her house...smells amazing 
Made it to my casa with my broken car 
Made it back to dallas...missing austin 
@bencasanova I did an essay today, what's yours on? Took me 4 hours 
Moved into the new apartment. No interwebz  I'm in the library.
Killed some time at the mall today.  Found a BUNCH of stuff that I really really wanted..... but alas, no money 
My hi fi amp seems to have blown  It was a very very very good one - but was a wedding prezzie so it's 26 years old. Lasted really well
Spent most of sunday studying ecenomics 
Spent most of sunday studying economics 
Worked myself sick 
Worked all day. I'm exhausted 
Done swimming nose Is burnt  watching tv I love these people
My plant just took her own life. Jumped out the window 
Crash today. Minor injuries. Wheels need work. took free lap but put in off the back. Failed to close gap. Pulled.  
Came home from church to find out that the Rangers lost to Oakland. 5-4 
Started work on compiler, only to find all the code I committed last night has been replaced and I now have no idea what's going on. 
Beautiful little bird just stuck between the two panes of glass on our windows and accidentally got squished. Died shortly after 
Made it all the way to within 50 metres of the office before the heavens opened 
@glennbeck I had to long hand a paper when i couldn't find my flash drive I had used. 8 pages. Found it the next day hiding in my pocket. 
Started the week with a bad news 
Done playin. Leon won  I'm suppose to go to chuck e cheese ! Ahh srry mark
@musicalkimberli I just did...No Answer!!!! 
Played 5 holes of golf in sunshine, 80 degree weather, storms came in and quashed the rest of the round, raining and 60 now. MN weather 
Took a bad allergic reaction to a bug bite  i'm worried
My dog got way too skinny  Bought her some Biljack and upgraded her bowl, she's eating all the food so I hope she gains some weight back!
Spent the weekend taking care of my sick Elle...bummer she goes back to her dads soon 
Moved for 9 hours straight!  How did I get this much stuff?!?  
Found my fake glasses, they're broken 
@concretexkiss seen it. Loved it. I watch more movies then you do 
Threw a -8 today in frisbee golf. Came O' so close to acing hole 18 too 
Done with poker for the day. That's now 4 months of running bad and doesn't seem to be getting any better 
Pulled a muscle or trapped a nerve in my neck/shoulder....pain is excruicating  hope the codeine kicks in soon.
Found sleep and lost it again 
Ack, my other post from yesterday was deleted.   Finished the video, thank goodness.
Home from the lake! Loved it don't want to work tomorrow. 
Sold a vacuum on Craig's List, but broke the retractable handle while showing it.  Lost $20 on the deal as a result.  Way to go me! 
@LaurenConrad Same thing here in Arizona...it kept messing up and it completely lost audio at the end. Made me very sad 
Crap! Missed 11:11 
Cried at the last day of school today.. I'll miss all those teachers who got outta school 
Found out last night that an old friend had bike crash and has broken neck and internal bleeding  Giving nurses hell coz he wants a fag 
@Get_LighT I am about to watch &quot;Taken&quot; right now, LoL, bymyself too 
Discovered that breaking nails hurts! I broke 3 falling over 
Spent the last hour trying to get a bug sorted with my account. I am having trouble following new followers. I reported the problem 
Slept great on the road trip but now that I'm home I'm back to my usual amount. 
Knew I wudn't make sleepin 2 9.30am.. ugh.. I wish I cud sleep properly again  but now I need 2 decide wot 2 wear on my trek of the city!
Loved the weekend but is not loving the heat rash 
Arrived at the office at 0900 - it's already 28C  Records from the test we ran over the weekend show the office temp ranged from 27-36C
Gave my letter  Feeling kinda depressed though.
Slept another 10 hours (yeah, the on holiday factor!) and woke up with this one hour of sleep feeling! that's not fair...!!! 
burnt my hand yesterday at work  Ended in a fun trip down the hospital haha! Feeling better today though
18 degrees at 10 in the morning, home office is like a sauna! Pulled several different muscles yesterday. 
Awake hours ago.  Kept having dreams where everyone would die.
Slept like crap last night  struggling this morning!
Done virtually no study today  ahhhhh. Exam is in a week! And have the worst possible day tomorrow. Yuckkkk.
@mmmichaelfox boo, i can't see the picture!  404: Not Found
Spent about an hour in school with my history teacher in a class of 4 &amp; then I found out that there is problems with my work experience 
Ran out of nail polish remover after doing one hand.   
Drove myself to work this morning 
Slept with the fan on high, tryna cool off my hot ass apartment, my face hurts now 
Found one of my poor chickens dead this morning 
Not feeling 2 happy 2day.Found out over weekend that my sausage dog is now paralyzed &amp; I need R15K to help save her 
@giselle2323 I'm doing great, although a little tired. Stayed up late 2 nights in a row watching hockey, Pens lost both games. 
Sitting inside for a little bit. Started blistering again. I sooooo wanna be outside 
Dreamt everyone in high school hated me and wouldn't let me use their catapult. 
Looked like my stepfather driving by in that car. I miss him  #fb
Won a human wheelbarrow race yesterday! But was disqualified when they discovered I had just painted a face on an ordinary wheelbarrow. 
My feet really really hurt this morning. Took the prescription ibuprofen but it didn't make much of a dent. No wanna take steroids. 
UP was amazing, especially in 3D. Dealt with a lot of heavy themes for a PIXAR movie. I wish my life was in 3D 
@sandvoxdesigner Done that, nothing happens 
is working late support today , 10:30-7    Finished posting pics and vids from the weekend on the website: http://bit.ly/mIzSv
Took the boys to the vet to get neutered. 
Played some evony today, my city is in ruins pretty much and my troops were destroyed.  But I will regain my strength and hit them hard!
Stayed up all night with friends &lt;3  now packing up and catching my flight at 8 
Made it to the airport waiting to board. I know that I'm stressed because I forgot to take out my special lotion@ bluemonarch...Yikes 
@agriggs8 did u order this rainy crap? Lol. Supposed 2 b 80 2day but its all rainy &amp; yucky out  http://myloc.me/2h3v
2 days left of school. Way too much to be done today. Broke a bottle of wine on kitchen floor, then spilled cofe grounds in it. Crap. 
Owe paper cut 
@Quadpawd Done that, Henry, but it's still the same  I will try again when mummy gets home, maybe my paws are pressing the wrong things!
@khendrastic OUCH!!!! poor baby... I had that done last year... Stayed out of work for 2 weeks 
I must check my school email every day.  Missed out on a friend's first rollerderby bout because of it.  
Spent the day designing a logfiles online course and the first 2 learning objects...only 5 more to go 
Played last night epic drinking munchkin, ended up dead, but not in the game 
Walked down to the shop and back. It's far too warm 
It was all too much after my problems with Barclaycard this weekend. Spent half an hour in the bank trying to sort it out 
@JewelStaite Turned into kids choice awards when they allowed the masses to vote for all winners...&amp; you had to join MTVonline to vote 
Found out the hot temp is a smoker.  The spell is broken. 
@Aerocles Just been really busy. Moved to a different lab where I actually have to work all day long 
(Sigh) &gt;of relief:Finished exams   &gt;with rolled eyes:Stuck on a train next to someone smelling of rancid dairylea/subway cheese 
My Fish Died 
Won the prize for the highest temperature the docs seen in 3 weeks - no lolly tho just another urine sample bottle - booooooooo! How mean 
Came home for lunch to find my dogs tore up about $45 worth of plants I planted yesterday... Tears were shed 
Done with lab class for the week... wish I could just relax for the rest of the day. 
Broke my pitching wedge.   http://twitpic.com/6euxn
Spent the early evening setting up a new MacBook. Unfortunately, it wasn't mine 
Found the flat, need the job!! 
Took E&amp;W to pediatrician, both are sick  Dr D is awesome! Looked at my cellulitus and prescribed meds for me too. I feel awful.
Gardening: don't let deer netting touch the ground. Found a rat snake entangled, strangled in the net. 
Kept waking up last night from all my coughing &amp; the rain this morning.  Seems as though my cough got worse 
Stayed home from school..im super sick 
Updated my BB software this AM. Took hours to install. Lost several apps and settings. Almost back to normal. 
Stayed home from school: No car 
Sent sara off  time to get to work..
Stood up for brunch  @tim_co_op  public diss!!!
Checked my email a min ago, rejected  o well
@Savorysweetlife Purchased basil, unfortunately it is the one herb I can not seem to grow   If I could grow it, I'd plant the whole yard!
Made some eggies in a basket. Watched my dog chase her tail in the yard. it's cute until I realized it's because she is lonely out there 
Learned that the bowling people get mad at you when an adult bowls with the bumpers up!!!  
@sankofa1327 Absolutely exhausted. Stayed up late writing last night. Napped for 3 hours then went right back into it. I want my bed boo 
Ran 2 miles and now off to swim practice. No cool down for me. 
http://bit.ly/XxDYe . V. addictive. Brought to work today. I've eaten more than anyone. 
Very sick hubby today   Took him to dr. this morning, has the flu.  Gave him antibiotics and cough med.  He's snoozin now.
Found box of old photos. It makes me sad 
Pulled me neck at the gym Ouch!!!   
I really miss the dog that used to hang out with me all day  Wrote 2000 words no problem today... check out my blog
Spent the weekend on the #golf course. It's only been one day back in the grind and i already miss it. 
@Mercuralis --found out the tiny little container is $17+  We's poo folk now. Took a look at Villainess and am intrigued! $5 a bar =good!
Found a 152 street i want to find a 152 exit, today is my last day in this beautiful city 
Bought two textbooks today  I am always sad when I need textbooks... at least they look useful and not deathly dull.
Working super late = missing Captured. 
Waited in line and then they shut the doors, came a little too late 
It upset me so much &amp; I keep seeing the image popping in my head of one poor animal  Made me hate this world if that makes sense
Wishes she was at the Made Avail acoustic show... 
Loved the roadtrip. Now finding it extremely disorienting to be back in class 
Want food. Can't eat. Foots asleep. Bored studying. Done with school. Fml.  gonna take another break urgh
Worked two shifts today and only took home 52 bucks  deffinatley not worth my sore feet!! 
Stopped by Madre's house to print some stuff...she doesn't have snacks 
Made butter chicken for supper. This time it was much more buttery but also more spicy and my stomach hurts.  but tasty though!!
Sent hubby to Jordan for work - this will be the longest we've been away from each other   sniff
Worked out too hard and eat too much... Not a good combo... 
Wanted to have a very nice peaceful start of the day. Landed up with a lot of embarrassment 
Made @grizzlyholman for the first time haha now im home and have a headache 
Spent the evening arguing with Charter tech support. What a fun night this has been 
http://twitpic.com/6fy2y - Found this cute puppy outside the office. Wanted to take him home so much but was kinda sick 
Still at the hospital , hoping for some tim hortons .. 'Twas closed . Ended up with a revello ice cream bar and a french vanilla coffee 
Spotted a bird caught on a string/line way up in the treetops at home. Couldn't reach it though to free it. 
@YaNi_babi Missed your message. I don't have an internet connection at my place.  I stayed in, but was blasting your music actually. lol
Bought two dresses. Have a rent inspection ugh 
I am being undone &amp; made bankrupt by technology. Took desktop in 4 repairs; came home same problem. Now need new screen&amp;mouse 
Took some SOMA and going to bed!! I have given up for tonight! Pic won't load...feeling sorry for myself... 
Worked most of the night &amp; still feel so stressed and behind! 
Graphics went from 3.3 to 5.9! But now cpu is the bottleneck   overall score went from 3.3 to 4.8.  Worth 2 bucks!
@problogger we just went thru that recently. Ended up getting a 94 . 
@JonathanRKnight ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!   Say it ain't so!!!!! 
@H2OTrogdor Made it to top 7 but then failed 
@JonathanRKnight Say it isn't so! We just got you guys back, please don't make us say 'Goodbye' yet 
Followed by 72 
Crap! Played with so many password combinations on different accounts for the past few weeks that I forgot my IIT password  I'm locked out
Started watching 2 new anime series. If @ollymoss were here, he would probably make fun of me 
Spent three hours trying to figure out why the camera wasn't communicating with the computer... the cable wasn't plugged in properly. 
@trent_reznor I wish I could get tickets for tomorrows show in toronto..... Sold out 
Found out i have to go into hospital 
Made tomatoe soup and a grilled cheese sand for my sick babe, now off to get her vicks vapor rub cuz she can't stop coughing 
Turned car rnd &amp; went back for what I thought was an injured dog this am.Turned out it was a bc 'herding' cars.Owner seemed unperturbed 
Spent spare hours over past days engrossed in nasty performance probs so  v.behind on admin. Staying home a.m. to do appraisal docs 
Spent about 6.5 hours with april today and it seemed like 30 minutes!!!  I miss u babe!!
@EricE51 I don't think live is exchange compatible  Installed the phone data manager on a cousin's laptop for now.
@Erock808 Used to be mine too, don't think so - bf ate the same thing and feels fine. Not good w/ oily or fatty foods sometimes 
Drove w/ the top down this morning, lots of jealous people in the cars around me . Last chance this week - weather forecasts look bad 
Pulled a hammie running and goes into hospital again tomorrow 
@socilover Goob, I replied to you but you Ignored me....boohoo-hoo. 
Pulled over.... This sucks... 
Bought a new couch yesterday . I only have to wait 16 week ... Last day of the beautifull weather they say  again  
@Fatafeat Found out yesterday  Tres scary.
Took 5,683 #steps today fell asleep on the couch i think i maybe getting whatever @wheedlekat has 
Took @xtfrtalr to work then took me 40 minutes to get home... Worrying even more bout dentist! 
@vitamindw  I called it earlier.Knew it was coming.
Say goodbye gauges 
Slept for 14 hours... if you ask me, that's not ok. 
I'm so lost and confused. Took a nap at 7ish and just woke up. What the hell do I do now? Missed Conan, too 
http://twitpic.com/6gha5 - Took blimmin' TWO hours to make this too! 
Given up on #CarPC WiFi. Moved on to touchscreen, and lo, it works!... well, until I suspend and resume. Then it doesn't work any more 
@ninatron you dont have a skateboard? Thats sad  jack daniels is the best. Helped me survive year eght
Nap... Decided not to get the bass after all 
Took a big spill this morning - missing most of the skin on my thigh, ankle and elbow. I'll also need new shorts and a rear derailleur 
Spent lunch blogging about the move of blogging platforms - and still haven't got past the 'why have I moved blogging platforms' bit 
Slept AWFUL last night 
Sleeps! I need you 
And I lost so much followers overnight. That's... pretty interesting. Say not even TweetDiff is working for me. 
@masha_msc Noticed that too. What a waste of possibilities.. 
@GemmaCartwright &quot;Not Found&quot; 
Took my little girl dog for a run today and we got chased by a big bully buster boy dog     We were both a little scared...
Slept wrong. HUGE crick in the neck 
@beccajane ooo thanks for the music! Rocked out to a little @bryangreenberg on my commute this morning. wish i could make the concert 
Took hubby to airport &amp; hit showers going over 205 bridge.  Messed up my clean car!  
Stayed home yesterday &amp; rested, hoping to be well enough for that. Made it through the day, but have gone downhill this evening.  Night!
Returned from playing Cricket with my bros.I lost  ...Now i'll hav to give them a treat
Swear im on the train wit dis dude that was stalkin me on facebook...=-O 
Decided I need to get a basket on my bike. Drove this morning because I had too much to take with. 
Came home, neighbour knocks at the door, tells me the hose has burst. I then have to go outside and turn the hose off and get drenched. 
Talked to son in military last night. He is stateside for the month but too far away to see.  He sounded good.
Started today later than I had hoped. 
Spent my lunch hour makeup shopping...ughhh i wish i was rich, i would buy a whole sephora store 
Made 1st break was up but fell a bit near the end if the 2nd level.  Not too bad though. 3550 in chips
@yikes77 Absolutely!  Looked at some of the others and they were fun... 
Finally got the van door shut. Found out it will be anywhere between 1,500 and $3000 to fix.   
Spent several thousand dollars and got no electronics 
Took the girls to the dentist today.  NOT very good news, I'm sad to say!  
Found out today that parking at kenny chesney on saturday is $25!  Yowsers 
Found out today that I have a sinus infection.  trying to eat chickfila which is hard to do with a stopped up nose.
@romkey nope.  Home stretch tho. Done before I sleep no matter what.
Crap. I just plugged the wrong power adapter into the router. Burned it out 
Was bored.  Decided to bowl a series.  So close to a 700 series...  Rolled 248, 227, 211.  14 pins short 
Seen at 55th &amp; MLK - lost black dog w/collar &amp; broken roap leash scrounging for food. No answer @ animal services. 
Struggled in school today due to pink eye  I still have to go tomorrow though or I get a zero for my exams even if I am this sick... 
Took an hr nap... having a head ache now 
Took a not so satisfying nap 
Why is it that nice girls always get the shaft? So sick of it. Done. 
Made the mistake of putting my beach bag on my bed now there's sand in it  booo. goodnight world!
Gave away my wabbit.  I hope he doesn't eat her.
Really bad day. Broke up with my boyfriend 
Found pics  now missing ATL &amp; wild bills   http://twitpic.com/6ij75
Made it to the grapevine. Officially 13 minutes behind schedule. 
@endlessblush I'm pushed to the limit... Done almost no work for 2 long and need to catch up, over illness but so tired after last night 
Took zinc and vitamin c. I can feel sickness coming on 
The freakin builders next door woke me up much too early. Started studying Thaqafeh again 
Drove 15 mins out of our way to hollywood blvd to get some good food... ended up at mcdonalds 
Broke 2 bags in last week! 
Stayed up way too late to finish scrubs....my heart feels broken in so many ways  also....totally loved the last...oh whole season...
Slept for 14 hours last night, fell asleep at 6pm and missed my whole evening 
Car booked in tomorrow to have the hand brake handle replaced.  Worked hard today but didn't seem to get much done. 
Opened the curtains and realised the sunshine has gone, back to cloudy 
Found an eyelash in my eye  hurts
Looked in the mirror - my eyes are well swolen.  Burnt eye-lids are not pleasurable.
Took me an hour to get home, half that time just waiting or a friggin bus. It was supposed to be my early day too 
Ridiculously sick. Spent the last 10hrs going to n from the bathroom. Exam on friday too 
Done editing, will finish the song + upload tmrw. Also, i'm scared to go down and get a snack cause thunder might attack me 
@YourMrBumbles Sadly, no! Wrong side of 40, that's me   x
where as the sun gone. Knew it was to good to last 
Spent an hour at college today. No tutor. Couldnt hand in the assignment i was up until 3 this morning finishing. Not happy !  .
Spent the last 15 minutes updating my to-do list...oh dear, it's rather long 
Slept so badly, even when I was asleep I dreamed about sleeping badly 
Sorry, sorry. Took an abnormally long vacation from the net! Gave into &quot;parent pressure&quot; !! 
Just back from Mallorca. Found a beatiful girl there, but I have no adress, not even her name 
Just decided to stop developing a Magento webshop and rebuild it &quot;Webparking style&quot;. Took me almost a week of development to get here 
Took me few hours to discover flex its lib src under src folder and not under lib 
Leaving on a jet plane... Cried the whole way to atlanta 
Took me few hours to discover flex builder stores its lib src under src folder and not under lib 
I totally failed at sleeping last night Tossed and turned the entire 5 hours I had available to me 
Found my NDS back  only bad thing that 2 thing are on the same day 
So I got up, dressed... Decided my hair was gross. So I got undressed, washed my hair &amp; now I'm dressed again. No time to straighten hair 
Spent all morning debugging some code and it's still not working properly. 
Neopoints not getting added after earning them at games section  Scored 3 straight 1k pts. Play is recorded but pts not counted! #neopets
Found out yesterday that Delphi is going to screw me out of separation pay I receive when they eliminated my job earlier this year. 
Sittting here. Broke my knee cap. No school for today. 
Laying in bed for a bit. Gave the kittens their medicine.. They hate it, poor babies... 
Started the day off well, there was a wasp in my shoe, not good 
Found my fav pair of sunglasses broken in my purse this morning 
Pulled a muscle at the gym.   
UGH! I am sick and I have so much to do, including moving! Wished it had held off for the weekend! 
Took the cat to get spayed today. Bradlee cried because she won't be able to have kittens. A very sweet/sad cry, his little lip quivered 
Ran 1 mile, did bicep curls, tricep extension, rows and abs, I feel kind of sick to my stomach  #fitness #gym
Took pics of my car for sale, starbucks and gonna go see up ..all alone because everybody is 9-5 
...what the fuck?! I'd barely said 3 words! Acted like how dare I even ask to work for free, &amp; also implied I'm too old at 27..! 
Found 2 packs of gum someone left in my truck. I don't even like gum and that's still the highpoint of work so far this year 
@JamiLeeRosa - Happens to me all the time 
Broke up with my &quot;boyfriend&quot; this morning 
Slept in  oh well it felt so good!
@michaelpietsch Say hi to my sister for me!! I wish I could go to sb 
Now that traffic has finally cleared up, it's time for me to go home. Worked more than 11 hours today. What a day... 
Walked 6 miles in wrong direction. raining real hard. wet and cold. might just head back to motel. walk twelve miles and go nowhere! 
Found a gray hair today 
I just tried to make puppy chow and it Turned into poop chow 
Done with today and it's just starting. 
Talked to @donjuanwhat tonight! We miss him!! 
Broke and alone. What could be worst? 
The baby chicks are more dangerous to themselves than the adult chickens. Found another casualty today from nighttime smothering. 
Eaten too much tummy ache  xx
Spent a lovely afternoon in the beach with my friends and classmates. It was probably the last time we will be all together like that 
@LLElleLL Looked it up.. awww    that sucks big time. Only you or your whole group?
Broke down at a friends house, waitin on triple A.  TamraLea&lt;3
Thinks I've been stood up 
Story of my life: Spent all week loving the thunderstorms, slept through the HUGE one yesterday. 
Took the boys to eat and play, hoping to get some reading done. I still have 2 1/2 chapters to read 
@dlorenzet  No veal parm??? Say it ain't so. How sad. I am feeling the loss of the parm. 
Oof. Finished the 80 page catalogue. Not fun, mad rush, and design input not valued.  I get the feeling I need to move on, but where?!
Gave up mammals a week ago due to some supposed connection I feel with them. I lust for pepperoni, burgers and steak. 
@crystoth Was watching my old videos. Became nostalgic, sad, lost   Drinks didnt help. I'm getting lost in past now-a-days.
Rode my bike to meet up with my accountant since the place was not super far from my house. Took me about 20 minutes and he's not here 
Installed the computer but did it all wrong. 
Made a 7 hour long playlist for this roadtrip... Looks like it might not be enough 
@flandeslpm the begginnig was awesome. Ended horribly  i like lady tsunade..
Slept all the way thru the night, first time in Three weeks? And I slept in till 9:15ish! Thats a record. Out for lunch, now cleaning. 
Came to grab a few items. Finally seeing the damage in daylight nearly brought me to tears.   http://mypict.me/2I6Z
Slept 1 hour  headache
Broke my baby toe 
Looked at the bank statement and wish I hadn't 
Found out today that the district is cutting another 4 days from next school year's contracts. There goes another $1200 from my salary. 
Bought a book to read on the plane. &quot;Smashed&quot;. So far, it sounds an awful lot like my childhood. I may not be able to get thru it. 
Played tichu, lost all games 
Took the dog for a walk...now he's got that wet dog smell.  
Found a &quot;bigg momma's&quot; edible in my closet!!!  im afraid if i eat it i might stop being productive tho 
@wdwdisneyland mission aborted. Decided that he wasn't tired after all 
@PaulJMcMahon Decided to turn off sky for the summer , so nope , stuck with 1, 2 , 3 ,4 now 
Spent the whole night playing sims 2 what a waste  got to go to bed now gotta be up bright and early for prom suit shopping yay!
@DASH7 I Missed you.  I was at work today 
Done with classes for the quarter! Finals next week though 
Found a little dog, looks like a tiny dobermanpincher, the chihuahua is bigger than it is. He wont drink water. wonder where he came from 
Started to like night shifts.. but the part i hate is to go home in light 
Bought sims 3...but my laptop keeps getting bsod  not good enough 
Bought bottle of Single Barrel Select Jack for buddy's birthday. Died a little when he mixed it with coke... 
Done with color guard try outs! The sky cleared up except for that one side with the ugly gray clouds 
Pulled out of trial  coming home tonight
Worked all day then had supper with my handsome boy.  Now just not having the greatest of nights 
Ran out of issues 2 weeks ago, no news on a re-run unfortunately 
Checked 2 futureshops and no dead space 
Took Tambo to the airport, now both my loves are far, far from home...and me 
Took me 2 hours to put the kids im watchin to bed  Caylen 
went to Busch Gardens today Shiekra was down!  Took a four hour nap and now just finished my lab quizzes
Walked for 3 hours and half after I lost my bus ticket 
Arrived way to early for dinner... Drinking by myself at sopo 
Spent 2 dollars on a cherry coke and can't get this sucker open what the heck? Grrr 
@InterLeafer Ran into a couple boys on our walk. They were suppose to be having a swim party for their last day of school. They were sad 
Sold his beloved surfboard...  http://twitpic.com/6puq4
@SuperwomanAK raining in the south! Ruined my planned pool party! 
Spent the day at Pike Lake. Froze our butts off  Had to warm our bones with hot bath and hot cocoa.
Ran into this girl I really like on my walk tonight. I wish I could gather up the nerve to say something. 
Made it back in the house &amp; realized that I forgot the sugar right after I got settled back in... 
Done with VinoFino.  To crowded  
Came down with the swine flu 
Spent the evening in a suite at the horse races and lost on my first time gambling! 
Is watching Taken.  Freaking me out about travelling overseas
Found passport, am one email away from having to go on this trip. Selling Sundara ASM (WAAAAAAH!) so I can buy wardrobe.    
Kicked out of another pool. 
Won a lightsaber fight, walked a lap with a candle (not easy in the breeze lol), coughing like a smoker  Finally starting to crasssh ZzZz.
Sold out 
@jecho7  I'm sorry. Happened to me a few days ago too.  I hope you feel better soon, and have some pie!
Started thinking about 'i am legend' type zombies and now i can't sleep 
exhausted. Took mostly everything out of my room, unscrewed all the lights, taped off outlets, started painting access. real fun tomorrow 
Found the safety of objects at video store! how has it been that long that i did not have a kstew video from my video store? sore tummy 
Played on the snow, well only small bits of it.  please snow tonight!!!!!
Ughhh. Started cleaning the room 2 hours ago &amp;&amp; am so freakin' disgusted with myself. It's so filthy in here!! 
Took n ambien n still up so ha! Party! LOL for one  LOL
Its gettin chilli out. Knew i should have grabbed my jacket. And i kinda messed up my kicks man. 
Ran 18km 20 mins slower than I should have, 1hr 10m 
Ran 18km 20 mins slower than I should have. 2hrs 10 mins 
Came home to find car battery had died 
@philthethrill thanks for the advice phil!! Taken on board. The roleplays are pretty tough, that's the only part that worries me 
Aaarghhhh my lovely lil Smart car just broke down again  Spent sooooo much money on it lately!   
Thrown.. and thus broken the RB button.. on a 360 controller 
Loved the party wishing I could have stayed longer 
Bwahaha, i am back home! Spent more than 100bucks today  Also not much sales items. Haha.
Seen the latest shi no numa video/trailer yet @theshane210 ? the hounds are against us 
No! Slept thru alarm  scrambling to the beach
Done 2 hours at KX now off to to meet friends for lunch. Sticking to my 2 coffees per day...Its raining 
Spent the day entertaining 7 kids with my wife for my daughters birthday party. I had fun, glad it's over, now it's time to clean up. 
@damanique maybe weather change interrupts your sleep rhythm? Happens to me occasionally, too - last time wednesday night 
My blackberry was all messed up last night! Made me wish I could have an iphone with my verizon plan even more 
Gave myself a headache... High pitch whistles are NOT ear drum friendly 
It's coming to an end.... Lived, Partied, and argued with Al for 4 years and in 5 weeks time we go our separate ways. 
Started roof swap on track car. Took way longer than I expected. Project currently unfinished. 
Discovered that riding a road bike finds a completely new set of muscles to ache  from a mountain bike 
Done some ironing now - needed to do some SA blouses for meetings this wkend and shirts/blouses 4 both of us 4 wrk nxt wk 
@DaemonChylde  I have to sleep today. Slept at 6am just now &amp; my friend called me at 7:47am! I wanted to murder her sia!!!!!!
@judy_jay Used to scare me when I was younger  Thanks @mrtrev
Sigh, I run bad at the cash games last night. Stayed up way to late and now I can't sleep. Getting sick of WSOP 
Found out last night my grandfather has cancer...  I don't know what else to say.. I'm worried.
Made it to Faberge but all the imperial blue faberge egg's had gone 
Saw my first ever broken into car on the island today.    Reported to police who tell me it's been like that 4 days, and owner is aware.
Received the new tiffanys catalog in the mail. I am loving the new items. 
Threw my back out 
Done with work. Just copped 4 new pairs of swimming trunks..heading to the pool at the cove..not like wolf creek though 
Sent the fireman a message. He read and deleted it without replying. No fireman for me!  LOL
On set of @ShutYourBlogOff &amp; getting hungry. Missed breakfast today  That mini shredded wheat man that sits on my shouldfer is not happy.
still exhausted. Slept way too much the past 24 hours, now that's all I need 
Extremely interesting night. Made me remember what it's like to know where you stand (1/2) 
Done a full day at work today, 9 hours on my feet hurts my back so much  looking forward to babysitting tonight and MML tomorrow!
Just woke up, so hungover. Partied with tori lane last night lol. Not going to lie, I miss the girl I love. I wish she was here 
Just been kneeboarding. Came off quite hard on my last go. Now my ear is causing me tremendous pain. 
It's started to hit us that we made a mistake buying this house. Ended up with a new build on a site that will never be finished 
@brigwyn ...That bitch. Stole my dream pet. 
@sfannah That's gay  I guess you just have to pay for them then, get a different contract or send less ;p Done any revision yet? x
Laying down before I have to go to work. Worked on a new form and weapon form today.  Foot still hurts 
Won 8-1 today! no goals  but got like 2 or 3 assist
Slept in too late and missed breakfest with the grandparents 
@JustShyann I haven't ordered shoes in 3 weeks! Bought clothes but no shoes  The weddin ate up all my dough but I'm back! Imma check evans
http://twitpic.com/6rjjr - Came across this picture and it brought tears to my eyes. It's not the same without her 
Fell in love at first site with a girl driving next to me... Ill never see her again 
@dwttsarah11 taking a strawberry break. Made another strawberry pie &amp; 2 batches of jam--they are SO tiny this year 
Worked out, laid out by the pool... now I must get ready for work  ... Where did the day go?
Chillin... Found out 5 min later that my hs crush got murdered last night  http://mypict.me/2PkP
Sent H in on his own to visit his brother; feel a bit guilty but my stress levels already up -- can't take much more today 
Took a nap after graduation and lunch. Overslept. Missed my window for a run this afternoon. 
@SMcSorley bdubs was awesome.  I had a blast.  Missed you though  it's not the same without you here.
Fail. Found a place a 10 minute walk away from my house which sells *most* of the beers that I dragged all the way back from Belgium 
Started my workday on a bad note and ending on a bad note......FAIL!  Going home! I need a nap!
Made it to gate @ disney for gaydays, a friend's season pass has blackout date today.  FAIL.  
Shot is sore. No likie 
Any tampa/orlando bbs want to plane an ONTDST meet up? Missed the otown one 
Done walking my mother gets tired fast  had to turn around
@yayKIMO Spent a lot of money today haha. I wish more people could see my stuff though  It would be a lot more worth it.
I really hate the effect that dreams can have on you. Ruined my whole day  Now i'm thinking about shit I don't want to &amp; though i was past
OOC tour over  Feels quite sad with no tour next year... 
My phone is being stupid again.  Say no to chocolate milk. 
My bestfriend. Broke up ironically bcause having different opinion on how the marriage party would be 
Done studying for the night. But kinda too tired to actually do anything 
Spent the day with my son cleaning out the barn and fixing the fence. (He did most of the work) I hate having a hurt back.  I feel useless
Found a house but its next door 2 an x cop 
Played good just couldn't get and birdies to fall. Shot 1 over today. Praying my neck feels better tomorrow. A bit of a relapse today 
Played some badminton out in the yard today with my brother. It seems the mosquitoes had a feast and I didn't even notice 
Just finished playing 9 holes ($1 skins). Won 5 holes, 2 birdie putts - no actual birdies  Unfortunately it will rain for the next 3 days.
Blew a chance there 
Poured down at soccer, froze my tush off, B back home 
Gets the sads. Looked at budget &amp; realised I can't move unless its to a job...or living rent free, huh!  Apparently I live in the neg pw!
Made good progress moving today. Now my back is sore 
Ran outta gas on my way to the station  booo
Broke his foot and is in pain 
Came in 4th out of 8 at the game today. No shoes for me  Wings game is on now
Brought my reusable to go cup to @starbucks and he looked at me and it like it was radioactive 
Ran out of money again. 
Spent 2 hrs making a Sim family &amp; just as I finished the game crashed &amp; nothing saved! 
Made an awesome taco dinner tonight! Too bad my weekend is almost over! 
Walked to krispy kream and found out they don't have sandwitches, I thought they would 
Broke my phone, how am i gonna survive the next few hours without it? 
Worried about my cat. Took him to the vet and his blood work etc was all normal but hes still not eatting 
Wore a fabulous dress tonight and no one here to take it off me 
Spent afternoon with mother in the hospital. She went in yesterday with kidney and pancreas problems. Better today but will stay awhile.  
Took too many naps today now I can't go to sleep! 
Beautiful wedding. Made me feel VERY single. 
My beloved Serotta suffered some minor damage. Spent the afternoon and evening &quot;repairing&quot; it. 
Built an entire bike today for my dad. That's pretty much all I did today besides work. Wasted weekend  kinda.
. @karlyross It was great fun. Thanks for hanging out! Made it to Alki, but parking Gods NOT on my side. There's nothing! 
@bendbeanies I felt so bad 4her  @clinton_kelly did just a great job, personable, reliable &amp; helpful 2so many women. Blew him a kiss 4 U!
@jackoatmon I'm secretly 80 though. I'm going home now. Ran out of booze. 
@paradoxqueen @kessnerd @greyandblue SHWAHT?! Capture the flag?! Crap. Missed it 
Took apart my phone to remove dust under the camera lens cover when I have more important things to do. I only have 2 pages 
Took a look at the chocolate section in duty free. It doesnt seem to m atch the ones at LHR  stupid airport
I am tired of being sick!!!   Missed the beat battle tonight
@emeraldjaguar I'm watching TV. Took a long nap this afternoon. Aww, pic is gone. 
suddenly can play on her website because the maximum number of hosts are connected?  Say what?  
Broke my phone, again 
Cold has really taken grip today don't feel well at all   I have things I want to do and places to go. Took meds that will help I hope!
Came home tonight got sick as fuck and knocked out !  Missed some shit ...
@brigettethen http://twitpic.com/6tey4 - yeah, she's adorable. :o) wish I had a sibling  Say hello from me (how weird is this, saying  ...
Made it home, sub-par performance it has to be said - only managed 10 miles   wasn't feeling the love on the bike today!
Right. Saw a recipe for flourless chocolate cake and now I want to make some.  Needs a lot of eggs though.... 
I'm such a child. Threw a massive hissy-fit that I was outbid for my micro-kiln. I'd gotten my hopes up about getting it, had made plans 
Walked the dog. Now I'm drinking tea and wondering if I should go to church today.  Not quite 100% yet. 
Today shall be lazy day with films...day. Followed by more attempts at learning chords. Guitars are hard 
Spent some hours doing housekeeping... closed some invalid bugs... Boring but essential. 
Morning... I mean afternoon! So drained for some reason. Finished off season 1 of the mentalist last night. I want more 
Slept so late i have no time to climb today  But really, really needed the sleep.
Worked in the garden again now off to work 
Played badminton with @sherylpz and @jxphua. Won @jxphua but lost to @sherylpz  gonna win them the next time! - http://tweet.sg
Spent the weekend with @rosskieswetter. Now study time 
@irenerencsi How are you doing? What are you up to this weekend? Missed you in am yesterday 
Spent the last 3 days getting things ready for my parents auction.  Hated to see all their things sold 
allergies + jackhammer = very nasty migraine    Missed going to a college reunion 
Man, I'm upset I can't make church. I'm at NTB trying to get a tire. Found out I had a flat tire last night. 
AHHH I cant find my tablet! Found the pen but wheres the rest?  I want to edit!
Came down stairs and my wife says she thinks we broke the stereo.   no sound .video games sound unlikely at this point
Started moving stuff out of blaine high school today 
Feels ill since she been Kelvins 
Voted for #eu09. Saw lots of people. But heard of a low voter participation. That's not very good 
Slept lateish no plod  On way to Paoli for hoops. Delores is evil!
Knew the rain wouldn't stay away 
Slept for another 3 hours and still really tired.  oh well! I'll just go to bed at 9 today. I'll make up the four hours of shity sleep.
Two more days and vacations will be over.  Slept like maniacs all this while.
Moved a bunch of wood in our front yard and now my arms are all scratched up.  
Found out 2 night that the chick that I though was tops @ #networkgathering is taken... Dam 
@LexiouWest Awww really?  I hate Fakes page!!
@nickyjameson Ugh.  Party sucked for me.  I got a migraine before I left my house.  Made it an hour or so at the party and had to leave.  
Came 2nd in todays race!, same with yesterday. Stuffed it on the last lap! 
Came home from Bangor for the summer yesterday. I'm really going to miss my friends(who have dispersed)and that old city. 3 months to go 
Spent the afternoon trying to work; think I spent as much time tweaking my environment as I did writing code. 
Spent all weekend working, still haven't done enough to qualify as a teacher on Weds 
Worked on my flex project all day long! Really tired + headache. I still have a feature to develop  it will be 4 version 2.0 #fb
Took out both nose rings, my conch, and transverse lobe 
Shopped like nuts n now totally broke  where is the fast forward button now?!
@DonnieWahlberg Seen it many times on you and would be rockin mine as well just have not received my order yet. And still not follow up 
I slept like a brick shithouse. Slept right through my alarm and my wake up call. Missed the parade 
Last night was funn! Slept over the cousins. I miss my german cousins already! 
@caroline_jansen sorrry  blame craig and jonny, mostly jonny. Kept me up!
Received an anonymous text..pls..don't let it be him 
Pulled over for doing 55 in a 45 zone. 
BJJ bootcamp is over  I LOVED IT!!!! Learned a lot and made a whole lotta new friends!! On our way back home now
Done with the grocery store, on to laundry 
Found out why people have been getting pissy at me for not answering ph- kiddo turned the switch to silent/vibrate 
Found a zip tie @ the park... Reminds me of work.. Uhggggg  http://mypict.me/2VNB
Made the mistake of checking my work to do list: it's looking very unlikely that I'll make it to the @MarketingProfs tweetup tomorrow. 
Done with my book report aswell now. Now I can finally enjoy my weekend.. 
Stayed home.  No sales for me at all this weekend. Withdrawals. Starting the shakes. What's next? I think I'll go work at the shop.
bwoah had a great night, woke up around 4pm   Made some pics last night. http://img10.imageshack.us/img10/5613/29824722.jpg
Shopped a little yesterday and going again tomorrow. It's hard to buy clothes when ur bottom is huge and ur top is small 
@akempgerstel couldn't find my phone and missed your call  Found it now though.
Played one hole at north palm and it started raining.  
awake and not happy. Found out we had a show when I hopped in bed last night. 
Played #TheSims3 today. It was really interesting! The camera angles are annoying, though. 
@yonghsiang @minkzn we just missed Baker exit. Took a picture of thermometer from the road. 
Stopped by @nextcoffee for their delicious turkey wrap but they're all out of turkey  off to Subway...
Loved having a pool until I finally had to start taking care of it!!! 
Played a few hours of #fuel and loving it. Online is challenging,  the fact you only get fuel for 1st place is annoying, i like 2nd  #xbox
Came home from church was walkin up the drive and fell in ma fave flip flops nd scraped up ma knee! 
Broke my abominable snow man..  startinf over
Won my match today- In the semifinals next weekend.  No riding today - probably over did it a bit yesterday- right knee is barking 
Found the most perfect dress, but my boobs didn't fit into it.  But I got a nice one anyways.
Slept for 13 hours. And very well, thank you very much. I wish I could be a full-fleged vegetarian, but everyone in this house eats meat. 
Visited the Rwanda genocide memorial yesterday. A chilling experience, particularly the stories of small kids who were massacred 
Oh gross. We were parked having a bite to eat w/bunny and a couple pulled up next to us and he started to vomit. Took care of my appetite 
Stayed up till 6am yesterday...don't even know how I'm awake right now. But yay, time for more studying. 
Found out that NaturalBornGamers is suspended. I'm sad now 
Done  so sad  goin out 2 eat
Bought some beer. We're going to play BeerioKart tonight. I cried guys.  I don't want him to leave, and neither does he.
Struggled on back nine.   shot 71. #ng
http://twitpic.com/6uzds - R.I.P. Spencer - Found suctioned to the side of the filter. 
@myinnersexygirl sorry to tell you the truth.  Happens. (a lot)
Dying in the heat! Bought a new energy saving thermostat, but when the hubby wanted 2 teach me how 2 use it, I said no! now I'm locked /o 
Sold out of soft shell crab 
I had a rough day at work today. It seemed like if I breathed it was wrong. Came home and took a nap. Vaca tomorrow. It is cold &amp; rainy. 
Took the boys swimming for 3 1/2 hours...I'm beat! And have a new work week to look forward to...  
@djstephfloss dude! I was sick as a dog sat. Stayed in bed til 530 in &amp; out of conscienseness  I would have loved the drop, my bad.
@MsGitMuhnee good just chillen. Broke so I can't drink 
Took a little break, but still not done working 
Ugh. Took my mom 35 mins to comb out my hair. I almost cried 
@pw_official And they have a seat on my county council now. !hat has happened to this country?!? Used to be so accepting. I feel ill 
Cried like a baby watching cruel intentions 
Thinking about the movie Alphadog.. Seen it?? Soooooo sad!!  
I was having &quot;EmotionNite&quot; last night. Cried like a baby to release emotions. Now my eyes r puffy. 
Found a friend from high school died!  so sad he was only 23
@tararebeccah Also love big hair...I'd get a spiral perm and work it with a pick but I'm allergic to chemicals.  Loved wash'n'wear hair 
Made banana porridge for breakfast.  Now I know why porridge is never on my menu 
Thanks babes for everything. Loved every min. So sad to see you in. 
@IanRobinson was on my way home from a mates 30th birthday. Suffered all next day... And had lots of work to do 
Done hanging with my bestfriends from ct  home.studying.finals tomorrow.text.
Done ..studdyyyying ..wooo got to rest 4 the exams attack I'm about to receive 
Checked on my sandal &amp; shoe order, it isn't shipped out yet  The expected arrival date is now Jun 15th. *sigh*
Played trilogy today, shot a 105.  but I almost eagled the 18th par 5 on in two within 8ft, but I can't putt. I'll take the birdie though!
Say apples to apples is pointless without the soccer ladies 
Spent a great day with some 2009 graduates! Going to miss you girls 
Stopped by Crosswinds - 2 hours too early 
@love_in_heaven That was an excellent performance. Brought me to tears. 
@yelyahwilliams,Answer me please 
Bought some amazing cheese to bring back. Bad news is that it smells  bad mistake.
O NOOOOOOOO! U Danced without me?!!!! @LisaLisaK  sad day!
Moved in with sam but realized I left a ton of stuff for work at home so I have to go back tmrw anyways 
Pulled out many erroneous plants today and lost the hummingbird  but made dehydrated turkey dog treats - YAY!
Spent the last 3 hrs printing, packing, and damn it if I'm 1 box short on peanuts and can't finish till tomorrow 
Ran ourselves right out of this tournament 
@CraftyMamaBlog Wished I had found the party sooner  #CraftyM4
Played in charity media softball game - didn't win and had a poor showing  but we brought in 750lbs of canned goods for food bank!
@diamondsharelle you're a magic fan babes? Say it ain't so 
Slept all day now can't sleep at night 
Started drinking soda again. I thought I kicked this bad habit 
Took advantage of day off to travel to the coast with some buddies.  I now have sand in places which should never have sand 
Worked my ass off on 2500 words to finish this opening chapter of the 3rd Huntress book and I am not sure I like it. 
Slept through church 
Slept all day. I'll work in some fan fics tommorrow. I think I'll be sick in bed anyway.  
Spent the last hour or two looking at old photos. Some of those times I definitely miss. 
Played dodgeball and got hit!  but I had so much fun lol. made LAVA LAMPS soooo cool! Found gold..random but cool! Went 2 opening night ..
Started working. PC crashed 3 times... What a good start 
Done with the first. There are another 3 tomorrow mygee  http://myloc.me/3T6o
Is it any wonder i hate Mondays? Brought my office keys and managed to disarm the alarm but no security fob so I'm stuck outside 
Bought a cheap box of the greatest tasting satsumas in the world but only have 14 hours to eat them all 
In the bus gg bukit batok. met jut earlier on. went school to pass up cwa. saw mr pp. Drank yakult. Came over my place. Bid gdbye. Ahh 
Found a new guy who really likes me, and treats me like royalty. Whats sad? I cant learn to trust guys anymore for whats been done to me. 
Finally making money again.  Found the phone though 
Started back on th meds that have side effects of making me real thirsty and could have others 
Main road to work was packed. Took alt route and drove across green fields of wheat, borded with poppies. Forgot camera 
Broke a nail... and my bails are real  well at least they grow quick!
Not a good day. Took my sweety to the airport early this morning. Gone to Israel for sisters wedding. A whole week  sooooo hard. 
@nikhilnarayanan Didn't do it first!  Exported blog though.  Some memory issues, yet working fine now. 
The people who rush to yr aid when you fall flat on yr arse in the street are laughing at you. Found this out so you don't have to 
Bad news.  Came back in from the weekend and half of my plant is dead.  It was perfecto when i went home too! 
@kalemeow It's done it since I got it. And I'm with ya, kept expecting a fix and never came. Found one on their forums but no workie 
Dreamt up my own modern day love story last night...must say it was absolutely gorgeous...no man can do that better than me 
Cried due to infestation of spiders at shars. Why couldn't it have been a koala bear infestation. 
Blew up my van  http://yfrog.com/08dfdlj
Done for today..yaaayyyyy.. But stil have stupid paper to write.. 
That's me having to get up btw, what a shitty sleep I had! Kept waking up every hour, or not even sleeping at all 
I'm such a bloody soft cock. Used to be if i had an urge this strong to go for a ride, i'd just do it. Now i'm afraid it'll be too cold 
Slept in, totally hayfevered up and in such a rush to make it into work on time i left my phone at home  Mondays suck!!
@kn0thing Done and done... wish I was back there, stupid mondays  http://imgur.com/4qUMd.jpg
Lecture Watched = Done Readings Done = Half Read over my notes and understood them = Not even started 
Spent the whole noon of my off day sleeping. And I miss him already. 
Feeling a little melancholy. Spent a lovely evening with my boyfriend but misses good times with my friends. 
back in work after a week off! Moved house n no internet yet 
3 Words; 8 Letters; Say it &amp; I'm yours !!  I love this sooo much !!
Just woke up. Missed the trash man. 
Done. Cleaned out my locker  now its feelin real
Made it on the plane with 5 mins to spare without a coffee or a book  friggin security! this is going to be one loooooong flight.
Brought the pup to work today b/c she has a rash. 
Done lots of housework. What's depressing is the house is till a tip 
Bought some Gladioli on friday..sadly the ones that were open are starting to wither. 
Spent way to much money this weekend 
Spent half the day in hospital. I have a Kidney stone 
Sent my daughter off to church camp this morning. I'm happy for her, sad for me. A week without my girl 
*yawn* Slept in this morning...  Hubby's on 3rd shift now... Can't sleep.....   Waiting on my coffee....  I'm so flippin tired.....
Took an early morning jog, and now @ this place bored. 
Done a few minutes of packing, now feel like im gonna collapse in a heap...i hate packing  please sherika, dont go hoooommmeee 
Found out that you can download some of the new iPhone features! Not the video recording one though  but it's a start! 
Physics exam in like 20 minutes! Slept for less than 4 hours 
@TheBIgBadNath None there  Worth a try though
Took the dog for a walk wearing shorts and t-shirt in the rain. Now I'm hungry but have to wait til 6 to eat 
Done with french for now learning economics 
Arrived in Kent, sun is shining. But in a very big queue 
Moved to the new house. So much work left to do 
@divinest @reishaolavario @patet921 Brought my younger brother to the airport kanina. He's leaving for the States for good. 
@casealynn no you don't you meany  Took you forever to respond!!!
Found the actual piggy banks in a toybox - contents empty other than some euros n pecos from my travels  all toothfairy $$$ gone - sad boy
Mondays hurt me when it seems all the disappointment of last week is just starting over. Missed call 5 hrs ago to pick up a shift at work 
Came home 3 1/2 hours ago have been slepping untill now... Now my eyes hurt 
Started the week tired again 
Arrived at home lyk 10minutes ago. And now I'm laying on my bed, so lazy to get up, but I want a glass of hot choco 
Stood up on my bed and hit my head. Ow 
Took a walk and ran across a beautiful robin's egg. Turned it over and saw a hole with a dead baby bird inside.  It was really quite sad. 
Slept a total of 6 hours in 3 days! On a bad insomniac run 
Shot up with novacaine 5 times couldn't get numb so now I have no crown lots of pain &amp; have to try again in a few weeks 
Found my phone. Turned everything electrical off because someone said so. Contact me in some way please 
Exhausting first day at work after a few days vacation. Spent most of the day answering emails and didn't even look at code today. 
Woops sorry guys! Wrong window 
Done with english final  but we cant talk  text me please
Gained more weight 
@humhow http://twitpic.com/7dect - HA!Found it! and you! Not a very cute pic of me though.   Looks like I am wiping your nose! LOL. Ha ...
Stayed up all night  work later  i'm so tired!!
Came back from emergency room, expecting massive hospital bill anytime now 
@benjamin_cook Say it isn't so! Keep us updated in this one, please, we want a happy ending 
Done swimming. Not sun burnt though. 
Played a short session today, one stack up. Nine to go... 
Done with swimming. The diving board cut my foot  I didn't go off the platforms though
Done with high school 
Our great lil' dog of 16 yrs, &quot;Max&quot; died this past wknd. I couldn't work in studio today w/out him nearby as always~ Took laptop 2 lake!  
Stayed up late reading Outrageous Marketing, met with a marketing guy today - he wasn't outrageous.  
Settled for chicken noodle 
Played $8175 after only playing one hand...  At this pace I will be out in the next 4 hands!
A sad day: I've been vacuum filtering the bottom of the pool to get the algae. Sucked up a whole family of frogs including papa bullfrog! 
@trickyshirls Yes, Used to be a sound engineer and recorded that album - many moons ago 
Discovered that today is the 50th birthday of my cousin-once-removed, and he just had a heart attack.  
@cybrum Yes I've seen that &amp; blogged it on BiNS. I went last year - very good, tricky lighting tho I can't go this year  Worth a visit!
Stole and chewed up another item from mommies desk.  I don't think she is too happy .... But I had fun w/it until she took it away 
Broke my screen on my phone  sad day.
Stopped again 
4-yr-old threw some tiny toys out our 9th floor window by accident and was bawling. Looked in the shrubs but could not find them 
Followed my garmin and missed the st louis arch 
Drove all the way out to Ft Worth for nothing! So can't upgrade my phone yet &amp; not paying $600 for a phone. 
Took bike 2 shop 2 day. Won't B ready till 22nd  This will stall goal of passing 3000 miles on bike this summer :-\
Took me 2 hours to get home. 
Returned the mac mini to work. That was an unnecessarily awkward experience 
Took the wrong bus to work  http://myloc.me/3Y8G
Took apart UMBP to fix trackpad. Upon taking off @speck case, crud had stuck to the case insides &amp; scratched into computer. Not pleased. 
Made a 42 on my test! Things are looking up 
About that whole outrunning thing... I failed. Made it 5 miles out to the Iliff exit and canceled after the wind and rain got crazy. 
still not feeling the best     Done studying for tonight :]    french exam tommorow!   (1/5)!
Received my confirmation today.  Never felt so betrayed.... 
Attempted to go running today. Discovered I'm a little/ a lot out of shape 
@22q The main valve is what's leaking and we're able to shut it off.  Spent the evening with a shop vac! Plumber first thing tomorrow... 
Tired.  Wrote a new song on guitar
Slept for a good whole 11 hours! Longest sleep ever during the hols. Now im so full  thanks for eating so much yesterday!
@NicoleKleeberg - The ones I like? Say it ain't so! 
Came back from the vet, my dog died and im really sad rite now, she also had 4 little puppies too 
@JimmyFeelGood7 such a great show... Wished it had been renewed 
Done with band practice, now on to algebra homework 
Arrived in cape coral, going to bed! Unloading tomorrow 
Done eating now my tummy hurts bad 
Broke my iphone cord and my laptop isn't working 
@drigotti Say it ain't so! 
Done with recital A     but it went well!!!  3 more to go!  yay!!!!!
Started feeling sick for some reason so i hardly ate and i'm on my way home to sleep. Hopefully i start to feel better. 
Made my review, now i have to learn it 
Wrote a song for everyone. Wrote a song for truth. Wrote a song for everyone. When I couldn't even talk to you... 
I'm guilty 2  --&gt;T @vanessaveasley: #haveyouever Taken someones number out your phone so you wouldn't be temped to call them? Guilty!
Took a packup with me today. All gone before 6am 
Won tickets to edgefest, but can't make it there 
@ryanbatten Happens to me all the time! Bloggersblock I think it's called; unfortunately my solution is usually the trusty re-blog 
Took a dump for like 20 minutes and missed the ending of futurama  sadface
Walked home yesterday in the rain and now feel like shit 
Bought some Red Vines.  Paid $7.50 for them. So. Not. Worth. It.  
Up was bomb diggity!! Made me tear 
@TerribleD_UOE awww what Happened Terrible D  ?
Took a long nap and know I feel worse then I did this morning  tearing watching oprah!!! 
That pretty well caps the day of fail.  Talked to my dad.  He forgot my birthday.  
Found more copy and pasted code  need to re-re-re-educate people....
Ran so bad today. Then came to the bar and ran even worse 
Bubbles everywhere. Wrong soap in the dishwasher. 
Walked to work wishing I had worn shorts  #twago @twago
Is sad. Knew it would eventually hit her. Wishes she had a time machine 
Delivered a package to the wrong address. No harm done--thank god for that--but I feel soooooooo guilty 
@MeetaWFLH Took some pictures, but wasn't happy with them. 
Say goodbye to the dark side. I don't wanna be alone anymore. aNt oh please come take me away from this lonely place. Not gonna happen 
I need to gamble right now!!! Broke 
Ran out of cereal!? 
http://tr.im/oDFb Came accross this while looking for the right image. Some people are so sick. 
@_hayles Hey hun .. Played 23 and 13 all night long but nothing 
Came home from 2nd day of school. Tiring, but yeah. The subjects are scary. 
Walked to post office to with 10+ kg of small change around my neck, only to find out the deposit machine's broken. 
Came from Solapur today, dont feel like working... 
Came home to see mum.. Except Boone knows where she is  gettig worried.
@Made89 thx^^ I'm glad you liked them. Nici thought them to be too annoying, she deleted me in her 'follow' list  but thx 4 your feedback
Found my old violin..unfortunately I can't remember how to play a violin 
Done wit medical check up. But dunno if Saipem will accept that or not.. 
Took a nap after work yesterday.  Just woke up...  And guess what?  i am sick!  
Noticed this morning that my forks are oozing black goo from the seal in the right leg - that's a good thing... right??? 
Worried. Found lumps in my lip and throat 
Waited for my bro for like 30min. And i became a victim of mosquitoes bites and an ntt crawled on my leg 
Slept on the ride home. Just ate dinner. Wants to eat  Reese's 
I'm at work before 8. Used my key for the first time. 
Found out yesterday that N. is now in a shelter.  I hope that we can get her to contact our agency so that we can help her.  
Swallowed face 
Gave B an original @plaz ceramic super hero plate. He was soooo excited! 20 min later it fell off the table + broke. He was beyond sad. 
Found out I can't get an appointment for 2 months with my tattoo artist because he's so popular! 2 months with a half finished tattoo 
@dl737 I actually had the worst sleep... It is hot with no airconditioning.   Liked the quote.
@BasicApathy I felt bad for freddie!!! I'd hate that if someone did that to me!!!  and sree has to go!!! Decided!! Haha
Worked out last nite-power walked over two miles!!! I am not going to mess up this week!! It has been raining so much over the past day 
@jackydoll I missed it  Seen it before though
Done with the presentation, yeah! I don't know if we got it or if we fucked up 
Sulking that my smoothie was carbonated  Made a terrible mess everywhere.
Broke my phone yesterday.. .yet again... 
Found a hotel and reserved a room in Tokyo. Getting closer and closer... but still very very far away. 
Pulled something in my back this morning when I was working out. I feel like I'm going to die. 
Arrived at office this morning to find a dead deer out my window.    Wondering if this is a bad omen...
. . . . I forgot the password for twitter . . . Spent last two days trying to remember it. .at last gave up  . . . Reset 
@Alyfoley Supposed to clear up and get sunny, not warm . . . just sunny, but just for today.  
@RuleofLaw_1st I used to be one of those peeps  Say hi to your man for me! lol
Found lots of great site for philosophy, yet i'm so confused now 
Ugh! Brought my phone charger to work but left my phone at home  iPhone less for a day. #fb
Just finished mowing.  Ran out of weed whacker string.  
Done with the interview. Of course, the call I've been expecting for the last month, arrived finally during said interview. Cruel destiny 
Just watched the video of the week old puppy accidentally flushed down the toilet. Broke my heart that it had to endure so much already. 
Came runner-up   nothing for 2nd place in this game!
Spent more money than is wise this morning. I'm a sucker for new clothes  Buyers remorse!
@DianaWilliamsNY Looked for your page on facebook, didn't find it 
Took ouryoungest dog to vet today to be spayed...I know its a routine surgury but I am still nervous 
wore my brother's polo shirt out today cause I miss him. Looked fucken stupid though 
Loved the beautiful long white skirt that I got for my birthday from my aunt until my mom killed off all the confidence I got from it 
@_huny Sure didnt  Ended up making funnel cakes instead... me thinks tonight is a chinese night though!! (or even lunch- its cheaper LOL)
Slept awfully last night! 
Just reach home from work. Worked at uncle's place there again! TIRED~ have to do the commskill homework again! 
@Orchidflower Sucked 
@sdullye @darienkaye I miss our Canadian friends  Found them on facebook, so go add!
Done coop ...  gunna miss it.    Swimming tonight with the buddies then off to the guy friends.. yay.
Lip ring got stuck on teeth. Pulled straight through. That hurt. 
Ran, cooled down, showered, picked up sandwich, now sitting at my desk sweating. Not cool. 
Made a custom order item but the item is 0.5 inch shorter than the requested size... I'm shocked! Failed in pattern making 
Made a custom order item but the it is 0.5 inch shorter than the requested size. I'm shocked! Failed in pattern making 
Pulled a musclein my chest  it is so sore
Done with work! Dissapointed we might not get to go to @campaldersgate tomorrow  the rest of the days gonna be great!
Came back from training now it was so badly i think 
Received my Q9550! A C1 stepping! Thanks NCIX! 
Found a perfect spot for a cache!...oh wait.. There's a letterbox here 
Came back from lunch!  going into that meeting   again!!
Doin laundery. Treated myself to huge choclate shake. I'll have to run 2 miles to burn it off 
Found out today that the flamingos that habitated my uni's lake died from Clostridium aww 
2425 with 14 min left in first level.. Started with 4500 
went to the park to see a deer be born, but it died  Talked with the neighbours, and now going to bed, guitar had to wait till tomorrow!
Learned its way more fun to pretend to be sick, than to actually be sick 
Cried her heart out, im really gonna miss everyone 
Knew this wasn't a good-news day. 
@stephenfry maintenance! Happens often.  lol
Going back to the house. Bought absolutely nothing but wanted a lot. 
extended....Done, Portfolio also Done, College almost Done  gonna miss it big time. its been awesome
I've just discovered that I am a PSE imbecile. Took me hours to figure out simple watermarking.  How long to do more complex stuff? WAHH! 
Sooo hungry, I want foood.  Found Traveler in nf. Just need some sapphire djinn essence.   G2g, baby is needing me again.
House? Done. Dinner? Done. Shower? Done. Still have 4 loads of laundry to do. Wish I was done 
#haveyouever been told to not swear so much by @Swear_bot 
Found my Burt's. It was in the car. 
Looked really cute today - but didn't have anyone to see. 
Pulled somethin in my neck/shoulder doing dips in the gym today. Hurtin' ice/heat/ice all night keep it loose, 2morrows gonna suck 
Came home to flowers and skewer sticks from my lovely husband @b3nlewis for our one month anniversary--missed the dinner reservation 
Came back from after 8pm, again. 
Spent the day drinking tea, taking meds, watching all old eps of the hills. AND still sick 
Man, I must have been exhausted! Came home and took a 4 hour nap, shit, messing up my work flow! I supose it happens.  back to work I go!
Broke a finger I think 
Spent lastnight n today with ethan.its was good i really care about him but im goin to protect myself i dont wana get hurt 
2 days off work... What do I do, that doesn't involve money.. Broke but got paid today!!  
By @hgandhi Passed out after work and just got up now... Totally missed out on getting some practice on my #-golf swing 
Wow, Wake was throwing some nasty knuckleballs! Made me miss my daddy 
@jusskool Done the whole shebang, trust me.   Just need to shake the cough and get my voice back 100% and all will be fine.
Watching &quot;Taken&quot; with mom n dad..wish my sissy was here 
Got back from my Run. Played some BBall too. Played 21 and I lost by 2 
Stumbled into the cutest lingerie store today, hmmm... I wish I had more money in the bank 
Threw up 4 times.. I hate my acne pills. 
My race started great, into the first woods when something didn't sound right. Broke a chain and crashed hard. Bad night. 
Ran 3ish miles. Won weight loss contest with a friend by gaining a pound. 
Worked out my upper body and walked for a half an hour. Ended up being  a waste when I ate my ice cream w/ choc. syrup &amp; sprinkles. Why? 
Made a new videoo hah, &amp;my teeth hurt like craaaazy 
Loved nj hw...wish the season wasn't ending!! 
Struggled going to bed at decent time every night this week so far...  it's my new computer's fault.
FINALLY got proof of concept code working, so I know new approach can work. Took longer than I thought, though. 
Slept for 1hr and 10mins. Wow, some kind of nap. 
Kept up at night with thoughts of my jalapeno and banana pepper plants...noticed blossum drop today... 
Kept up at night with thoughts of my jalapeno and banana pepper plants...noticed blossom drop today... 
Slept from 12:30 to 8 last night, 1 to almost 8 earlier, and now it's midnight and I'm exhausted again. What the fuck. 
http://twitpic.com/7lkdn - Came home to this  ...currently glue-ing it back! Ahahahhaha
Say it ain't So-sa!!!! 
Liked &quot;I lost 5 armored luxury cars today  Who wants to start an agency? ;-)&quot; http://ff.im/-43R43
Found a knot in the side of my stomach and its super soar 
@Mollzie33 I Checked the lotto ticket. We didn't win.  call me tomorrow!
Poured a big bowl of frosted flakes and sugar and realized you had no milk...I have and it hurts 
@tommmg I woke up about 5.30ish anyway, and because of my cold i can't get back to sleep. Took me about 1 and a half hours last night  x
Is everybody sleep!  LOL... Took a nap, now I'm wide awake! This is not the business! Bout to go work out in a min.
I lost 3 subscribers in the night  Gained 1
@nicholasbraun no more poor paul for you? Say it ain't so. 
Started drawing the next 130 frames on my animation assignment 
Made peppermint tea  can't drink it yet, too hot 
Turned the A/C down to 60 but it's still hot.  
Spent last night cleaning the fish tank out. Spent this morning mopping up an overnight leak. Spending next 2 hours buying new tank. 
fraking internet has been down.  Came up for a moment at 8pm and nada since. 
Slept for two hours, woke up again now i cant fall back asleep...darn you insomnia! 
I take back wut i said about playstation. Came home and my ps3 won't turn on. NOOO!!!  
Ran out of meat for my sandwiches today, Also found the cheese was off. That leaves me with bread and lettuce - WOW 
Turned out to be an alright night. Only been awake for 9 hours though so I'm not tired at all 
@Dublins98Dave Seen loads of 98cars around coolock, ye think i could catch up and get a 98car sticker 
Made my coffee this morning. It's next to the kettle. 6 miles away. 
Done with dinner. I guess I should start my homework. 
@mackenziesmomma  Read it. Tried leaving a comment and got a TP 404 error, or something like that   Loved it Kass.
Slept so badly last night.. then got up at 6!! wayyy too early!! 
http://yfrog.com/05bvgj  Checked for the new iPhone software before work. It's not out yet 
Started work on a new work project today, and hoping I can just nail it through - feels like I'm straight back into full time work again 
Took me 3.5 hours to do the 22 miles to work. The only reason I could see was a small puddle under a bridge which had been cordoned off. 
Done with all my tasks... no fb 
nm. Insomnia wins again. Walked to pharmacy at 2:30am for sleeping pills and vicodin This sucks  I'm in a bad mood as it is.
Found the 3 new sources I need and now to read them (fall asleep) and write my paper. 
Took Josey to Clicker training last night.  She was the only one to misbehave.  I somehow feel I have damaged her 
Spent the entire morning ringing up garages to get replacement low profile tyres for my car. Cars can be a pain in the arse sometimes 
@clarreal I dont ! Broke 
Slept like crap.  Getting ready for work. This should be one of those days. 
Our alg teacher though...  He sucks...  Gave us a discussion on the first day. 
I'm fuckin sun burned like no other. Found out my charges are getting droped. Deleted my myspace for no reason  I'm sad
Started using skim milk in my iced coffee    And yes, it really is making me frown.
Spent all morning watching movies,have to go to work now 
@yivit yep. Gave up ok sears and using a local company now. Facing over a $400 bill 
Arrived home to one dead fish  but on the upside I had a lovely skinny muffin from starbucks ;)
Broke my phone 
I haven't gotten a single tweet today.. By this time i have at least twenty. What Wrong?? And yesterday there was only about five tweets 
Spent so much if my life waiting, ended up waiting my whole life out! 
Stopped by office depot? Going to work in a bit 
@Rlan2 Changed my Hosts file, still no work 
Gave away my soccer tickets today 
Arrived at my favorite mexican grill, zabbas, for a chorizo burrito, only to find it opens at 8 now.  #epicfail
Found I will not get a raise this year! No one will!  I'll get promoted though, watch!
Spent the day feeling wonderfully chillaxed and content, only to have an unknown mass anxiety hit... What's the deal 
Ruined one of my buttplug 
Gave my dog away today, very sad 
Walked around like a zombie for 3 hours  this morning. Finally waking up but I bought the wrong milk. Vit D instead of 2% 
Found a smart quotes collection and struggling not to tell everyone about them. I don't wanna be that quotey person 
Spent the last hour researching mange  I am really hoping it's an allergic reaction (she has a history of those types of things)...
Stayed home 2day from work...has a cold. 
@cheem yummy!! I miss it already! Wished I had eaten more! 
dropped off my kitty at the vet for spay...Cried when I left.  I feel so depressed today. 
@joesephjonas Bought it tues,  day after we saw ur amazing wembley show ! Loved it guys, wanna c u again but tickets already sold out 
Still working on re-enabling stationaries for everybody. Ran into complicated issue  You may still use http://beta.webmail.aol.com though
Came back from UN convention.... a lot of FANCY talk and in the end no action 
Took the morning off class... this weather has my head and body aching. Not fun.. 
@stoppableforce I've only ever watched it.  Seen the thing where the person single-mans two-player mode?
Bought too much food today 
@panslim Me too! Loved the presentation on capoeira. Looked for a place in Phoenix, but couldn't find one.  (@perricollins)
Walked to Schlotsky's for lunch but forgot my headphones so I can't watch Weeds while I eat 
Slept in late cos my allergies hit super hard &amp; all I wanted was a hot shower. But wait, the city turned off our water to do road work! 
Slept in, was late to work 
@TGAband Checked the blog out and unfortunetly I don't have any footage of you guys. sorry. 
@Momsmostwanted I used to have one of those. Loved it, but then the grinder broke. 
Sent 4 resumes out 2.5 weeks ago and 2 out 1 week ago. So far 1 from a week ago said I did not rank high enough. No word from others. 
@daraobriain You only took a minute! Took me years to find mine 
Finally home from the office. Took over 2 hours 
Done accounting for the year I guess no more debits and credits 
Done with work till tomorrow  but now I'm getting lunch with christie, then idk!
Walked to work to pick up my keys, walked home got check from mail box walked to bank walked home. I really shouldn't be this winded 
@clearcontext reports I receive an avg of 590 messages per day (7 day avg) and my workload is 78. Received messages going up?  
Done working for today. 9 hrs until leaving for the workshop. 
Installed Twitterberry, see if that will get me going with this microblogging stuff. So far I see no value add. 
Busiest longest day of my life... Workin til 1 am, and i started at 11 this morning 
@IGoodall mine too now! Took ages to be able to activate it tho 
i wanna go home  i don't feel good *Say What??!!*
@nathstokes Awwww  resit. Done much work?
Learned not to get on twitter when u come home @ 7am drunk. bad news. 
Brain is spent.  Spent the whole day feeling like a ping pong ball, bouncing around doing stuff.  Not the focused day I wanted.  
DAMMIT!!! Slept in this morning and missed The Ten Tenors on 612 breakfast 
Broke my tongue ring 
     &gt;( &gt;(  i'm mad and sad right now. Played so terrible today in both soccer and basketball.
Walked into a sofa that she knows has been there for years, and is now paying the price  ouch
@fashionablegal awwwwww.  I'm so sorry!  Happens to the best of us. 
@viva_la_vivian any idea what the day two entry is for 3G S? Missed the show it was announced on 
I blew it again at work today.  Sent out an email that was condescending.    I did follow it up at the end of the day with an apology
Recovered from surgery but can't sleep!  boo!
Loved the chin up machine but not digging the tiny calluses on my hands. Fail  lol #fb
Worked in flower garden again today really wanted to go to the movies  sorry licious!!!
Took 1.5 hours to get home today. 
Slept through my evening plans. 
Just Threw up again,  
@tavorocha on another note we still havent even touched &quot;Taken&quot; I feel bad-remind me 2 give that back 2 u guys! I don't 4c us watching it 
Installed the os 3.0 and now all of my apps that I put on my folders got erased. And my themes got erased too 
Ugh gotta migraine. Took my meds going to bed 
Brought camera. Forgot to put an SD card in it! 
Done wasting my time trying to install a wiki that refuses. So much for that interesting idea from @dickeastman. Maybe another day. 
Found out they no longer carry true religion jeans!!!  I should have bought that pair last year before I left!! 
Gave up on finding my ipod  it's never been missing this long before
Won my vb game....got my butt kicked playing hoops 11-4 with da enemy...what a shame 
Took the sat today...lame! 
Spent her last $2.40 in a vending machine but has no chocolate. And I really wanted chocolate 
Took the gun tonight! (1st place finish). Beat a competitor by over 5 minutes... too bad we needed over 6 to withstand PHRF corrections 
Came home from school...now I have to do some research:| 
Loved the @LocksleyMusic and tinted windows concert. Pissed about the lack of aftershow pics though 
Uneventful day..problems sleeping so napped late. Stayed home with the kids tonight and worked out. Sounds like I missed a good YG. 
watching Taken all by myself 
Came back from fencing with a skid burn on my foot from a hole in my shoe 
Ran out of fummy babies 
So depressed. Taught writing class tonight. Fell totally flat. No class interaction, tripped over my tongue. Never experienced that B4 
@grandpa heart issues.   Spent day at hospital 
Cancelling hotel we had booked for the weekend. Supposed to be pouring so spending two days by the coast might not be the best idea 
Lifts all out in the building. Walked down 10 storeys... in a suit on my way to meet a client. With laptop. In 32 degrees. Melting 
Received a nice parcel full of cute stationery yesterday. soon to be blogged - when I have the time 
Cried at a film for the first time in ages last night! '7 pounds' is so sad 
Slept in this morning  running late!
@ReconChesty Aw man! Say it ain't so!! 
I'm really sick. Started with sore throat and now headache.  I hate being sick.
@Skyring Now he tells us! Took me longer...  
Bought hot grey heel ankle boots, not sure if i should have. But i just had to! 
Found the first thing I forgot to pack, toothpaste 
Just woke up from a 10-hr nap  Crashed at 5pm. Stuffy nose and headache. I think I'm still gonna force myself to work.
Took my sweet time making dinner - poor E just ate soup! 
Yesterday was so much of fun at the beach. Missed @rayraykayenne though 
Found a baby bird that was being attacked by a blue jay 
Jogged 2.21 miles and burned 400 calories on the elliptical. Gained 2.5 lbs though 
Took her daughter to get her MMR jab 2day,my poor little baby 
Took my first Lipitor pill. 
UGH! Spammer keeps putting stuff in my updates!  Turned it off, but it's not making a difference.
Went to IKEA to buy a special picture frame-kinda thing. I don't like IKEA and only go there if I have to. Of course they didn't have it 
@Milanduana the more you stop yourself, the more you eat. Happens to me all the time. 
@Sociofranco The man has a point. Lots of work for them, though. Worth it if they can whack everyone with big charges 
Took a shower and it's already 1-0 brazil lol 
I m trying to move out and get an apartment. Found the perfect one and its aready been taken 
After a home town pancake breakfast, decided to drive home to catch the bus. Missed the early by seconds  cars are nice.
@sporer I tried last night. Turned my avatar to an orange box. 
Home now. Done with tests. Have to work at 3 whooo 
Done with class, then work at 2  i hope its slow today, im soo tired.
@Lusiphur_M kidney issues - they were worried I had stones backing up my kidneys. Answer was no, but that makes the problem a mystery. 
Worked 12-12 the biked home and didnt get to bed till 2 and woke up at 7:30..NOw I cant move...Ugghh 3 more months of this 
I so need sleep, random catch up with my cousin. Loved it! But work in 6 hours sounds hideous 
Received the #brotherscider festival pack today. Shame I'm not going to glasto so no free hooch for me  Least I got a free hat!
Took my mom to the airport  work til 3 then maybe six flags.
Played a game of rounders with school... Hurt my ankle playing said game  x
At school-i miss my sunshine!  maybe I'll get it later haha...definitely should tomorrow tho. Made it thru my 1st week of summer classes!
Stayed on after school for Art club, just catchin up on work :/ I still have alot of catching up on pretty much every subject 
Stayed home again. I hate being sick 
Going to my sister's to hang out today.  We're making peanut butter pie.  Slept funny last night &amp; now my back hurts.  
Found a new man I am interested in but he doesn't notice me. 
Slipped on a step outside and feel on my butt. I also scratched my arm, hand and toes..sore now 
Moved 6 miles in 90 minutes on the m25. #meetdraw won't be happening for me tonight. 
Spent all am on the telephone: so high-school ! Lol now work.  helppppp me!
http://twitpic.com/7q5pl - Took me a couple minutes to get out 
Ran out of oil  dry hair day
Showed people photographs of my stunning wife and darling daughter today... ended up a bit home sick..... 
Spent my time and money planning a trip that's not pulling through 
Done with dr gave me a shot in my shoulder wtf ouch 
Gave lucky back to the adoption center today 
Made it, but no time for cheesesteak 
Feels really stressed. This buzzing is really starting to get to me. 
oh, and the freezer at the shop decided to defrost itself. Opened the door and got greeted with a BUNCH of water 
Slept with a tummyache, woke up with one 
I just saw a dead dog on the side of the road. Broke my heart. 
Just saw a greasy looking old guy in a  rented car pick up a rough looking young prostitute. Made my heart sad. 
Took off from work 2morrow4 my S.o.S bday! I'm super excited2 sleep in tomorrow!!! Not thrilled that in a week n1/2 mite b goin on strike 
Ah! This necklace: http://twitpic.com/7qq7q Goes PERFECT with a dress I just got. Found it all unraveled, I got it @ Selfridges ages ago! 
@XanDH Missed you tonight, would have been nice to get that achievment together. You deserve it 
While running really fast in the back yard, I wiped out. Crashed into the fence. Now my lip &amp; my nose are really ouchy. 
Cried my wee eyes out to greys anatomy, nice 
Made &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; sheets in the morning. Working on new cover. Took ages to write down, and pretty tricky to play 
@sillysillyboy Wrong number silly one, I am being dizzy again! 
Chose to stay home from dept. picnic because am 7 mos. pregnant and tired, but now there's no one to make me dinner. 
Made another album art cover for TWCL: http://bit.ly/9Uvmt , kind of screwed it up. 
TweetDock doesn't let me to send any new tweets. Each time I press send its crashing. It needs update guys. Sent from twitterific 
Done with pool party now to field day....bleh 571 more days until i get out. 
@6stitch I saw that story last night. Made me so sad. 
Feeling out of the loop. Missed another meeting tonight because hubby has to work late again.  Really wanted to hear the speaker too
It's freakin' hot outside. Found out that a 50mm lens is NOT anywhere NEAR adequate for photographing the insides of a tiny costume shop. 
Worked my way through a big bag of crisps 
@msiagirl Say it ain't so! 
Took care of food - not so good Dell taco and slimy quesadilla 
Helped my bff move some stuff into her new house.  I'm gonna miss being her roomie 
Spent the last half hour trawling through photos of an ex-girlfriend. I fucking hate you, facebook. 
Looked over global for like 5 minunets ... Longest day ever going to bed 
Swam all day. I have a sunburn. 
Stopped for a quick bite.  Might miss @lisalavie live.  
Found a stray kitten, wish we could keep it  http://img526.imageshack.us/img526/3325/photo446.jpg
I  guess I'm going to work tomorrow. Checked my lottery numbers. No luck.  I saw the same numbers 3x within 15 minutes. But nothing.
Received 3 weddings invitations from his friend in the last 2 days... Is my time near 
19th out of 100.  Missed the money by 9  
Fought with my boyfriend that sad 
Gave in2 muffin n milk again.     (it was yummy!) lol! ;p
Took the day off. Weekend wrecked thanks to fever. Why oh why?  
One of my favorite blogs is ending.   Worth reading the archives if you haven't seen it before. http://urbanparamedic.blogspot.com/
Found out I have a friend with severe PTSD.  
Visited old workplace.  How I miss some of those people 
Broke my nose again.. 
@SymanthaFox I did that once. Made it worse 
Played dog and bone, my team lost!  so did chicken dance as forfeit! Oops chermaine can't find her wallet! - http://tweet.sg
raehanley.carbonmade.com/ Done, I need to do some new work... 
He will never b sorry. I hate u. Cried myself to sleep.   damn.
@Say_LindsAy123 
Sea air is most certainly not good for you. Slept about 3hrs total since 2230 
Slept well, but woke up with a headache (no, not a hangover ;)). That's not a good start of the day 
Aaaarhh! Slept in this morning. Late for work and hubby mad at me 
Threw up 3 times. 
@aggieanne04 Happens to me all too often. 
Waited and waited and waited for a bus this morning, 2 came at the same time but still I managed somehow to get the wrong one 
Slept a little. Yay. Train in a few hours.  x
@spencerpratt Loved u on I'm a celebrity get me out of here u and heidi are the best in there . Wished yis didnt quite 
#inaperfectworld I could sync my damn iphone on linux. Broke it trying to update through virtualbox 
Took a day off today ... and I've ended up working all morning so far ...  ... the joys of IT.....
Who needs sleep, right? Wrong. I do. 
Some stranger @ the grocery store this morning gave me 2 red roses for being my &quot;fan&quot;. Made me smile since going to hospital again today 
Ugh... just had my first nightmare in a really long time. And I had just gotten to sleep. Made @marcoz42 walk the house with me 
Last exam today...Slept not a wink last night 
is super tired! Slept for only 2hrs and woke up to rush my design(work).On th way to expo, hope i wont fall aslp later.  - http://tweet.sg
Has a problem. Slept in.  waiting for train, may be in before 12 but will still be late. 
So close to finishing the mockup, but I can't figure out where to put the RSS button . Spent an hour alone on that thing, still no dice 
Done with all the formalities in moto 
Done history work, chemistry in a mo, on my own cause my friends have left me 
Ran out of excuses...now i HAVE to work 
Worked fucking rocked for once! (: Billy got jumped!  ahahah and and and Mykoooooool was there! (:
USB Stopped working 
Swear my stress levels are way too high, might have a stroke/heart attack/epilectic fit/death soon...   
@artemis74 I would have gladly but he didn't stay long and no one really had a chance for a 1 on 1. Missed kissing him 
Pulled a calf muscle in my sleep last night and it still hurts 
Slept right through all the storms.  ...which sux.  I love storms.  
Ran out of credit on my phone - but I need it tonight! Guess I'll be putting another 5 euros on it for the .30 I'll spend 
@jmacupdate Your'e going to see Beyonc'e and not taking me huh? Wrong dude that's just wrong.. haha How could you? 
Slept the whole day again. Unproductive. 
Upsetting day. Found out that glant isn't a word  i'm upset. Epic fail.
Slept a couple min, now gotta fill up car and pick up dad at airport. I feel like such crap 
That was the best day of my life. Held joes hand 2 times and held kevviiis once. But not nicksss 
@GaryHarb Searched for umbrella in your car &amp; came up empty, Guy. 
What happened? Missed flight, almost. The pups know I'm leaving and won't have it 
Slept whole day. Still feeling sleepy 
Ran into my ex, damn, she's still beautiful.  
@amyshell Just on way home from shopping. Spent way to much 
@deluxecorp Argh! Sold out - I'm too late?!?  #smbmsp
Ruined the chinese test with 50.1 points  20% off...still got a test of 60% and an oral exam. What do I need to pass? Whish I'd do maths.
On train back from ascot. Won nothing.  feet now hurting from vertigrounous high heels. But a good day out
@meghandono You weren't able to score a pair? Say it aint so 
Found the whole lot... http://dp.eca.ac.uk/  Loved Anna Simpson's framed matchbooks. Can't find anything of hers online 
Someone drove my car and effed up all my mirrors.  Took me for ever to get them right again!
No iphone today. Ran out of time  will have to be tomorrow now.
Loved joey 
packing for grandparent visit. Leaving in 40 minutes. Found out we are going 20 minutes ago. Thanks for the early warning 
cute bradley. Finished working out and now celine and I are going to eat sushi at yoshi's. I think it's the 4th when we go back 
Ubertwitter tricked me. Showed my location again 
Nowish. Took me like a year to decide what to wear, and I'm back at square one wearing usual boring outfit  @caitlinturner
Pulled the guitar out to play for a little bit. Still hurts my finger  i miss the guitar
Finally managed to jumpstart @danmcgrath's car. Took way longer than anticipated though. 
Worked late nearly two hours to get home and have a headache not a good way to start the weekend 
@MoovK he broke a claw. Came down on it wrong 
http://twitpic.com/7u3sv - Died in pursuit of honey. 
Done for the week... next monday my car's xmission and a new distribution belt will be fixed ($1,550) there goes my savings... ouch 
@x_factor ps. Took me a while to get &quot;a pie,&quot; partially because I just read that Dangerously Delicious is closing their Hampden location 
@rms70 fair enough! Came2see my friend but she had2work  I'm quite happy reading a book&amp;drinkin amaretto&amp;coffee though
Bought a lilac tree, and some huge shrubs for Jazz's garden after we bury her tonight. Thinking about my friend &amp; the loss of her dog too 
Worked on drills with the outfielders that teach charging the ball. It's hot out 
@mcannava Say it ain't so  can't believe the iphone orders are delayed
Slept all day long! 
Eaten too much chocolate cornflake cake now 
Wayyy too much money  Spent enough for the summer...
Found the platform heels. Too bad the kids came home. 
@LeESsh Changed my mind. 
It's so bad out there  couldn't see shit as I was driving. Ruined my plans too  http://tinyurl.com/lh2anh
Found a Reese's Piece in the pocket of this sweater. I don't remember when I wore it last-upwards of 5 mos.-so I probs shouldn't eat it. 
Just finished the example files for a new article/tutorial I'll be writing. Took too long because of one of the scripts, lol. 
@MicksGal Aww!! did you forget your usb lead?  Spent over 2 hours explaining cameras to a guy tonight, waste of time!! xxxx
Spent too much money at the pet shop! 
Gave her hubby his fathers day gift since he pretty much ruined the surprise 
Practiced piano...orchestra music wasn't as bad as I thought it would be...lost my real music, though. 
Took Ranger out for a 9 pm walk &amp; it was still so hot   But, we saw some bats, an awesome sight.  We love ALL animals, including bats!
Spent two hours making ravioli and sauce and sausage, but no desire to eat it anymore. 
Just had my first hammock mishap. Ended up landing neck first on the ground. It took me a while to right myself 
Broke the news to the mother. No blues shopping can't cure  !
Slept in because I forgot to turn the alarm on after setting it 
@davidbarrett1 Slept well last night! That's about it. Checked out an A4 this morning. Wasn't as nice the ad looked 
@GSDbehr   Missed a lot of class lately because of rain though 
Home! Dont feel good, Lonely, sad  Visited my cousins threading salon. It was pretty !
Done editing 300th video! But now I have to play around with exporting to find the best quality...and it takes hour to export each take 
Took a risk and bought a new kind of wine.. not a good choice 
Sold my extra ticket for 6 dollars less than what I paid for it.  didn't think anyone else was going to buy it. 
Done for the day...now to drive home from torrance to valencia 
Broke my new watch 
Broke more tools 
Made it safe to Atlanta. Brother and sister need so much help. I need the internets 
Finally going to bed. Gave up on the LOST downloads. Decided to download some additional iPhone apps instead. Not quite as good. 
Noticed a rat in my kitchen 
Arrived home from judo training... So tired and hungry.  no partys tonight.
Took this picture today at my grandmas house aka my old home  I miss my nana. http://mypict.me/4ANn
What a kick ass show. No doubt was amazing, the bassist is so hot i wanted to take him home. Loved seeing my girls. I'll miss you meaghan 
sleeping with Opened eyes. 
@elo619 ditched me for a white gul... Say it aint soooooo... 
Blew my 100$ motherboard during setup.  Now I know how Madoff investors feel  #GOPFail http://petehisameme.wordpress.com/
Took my cam &amp; tripod over, all gung ho on tking my gpa's pic, &amp; he wasn't in /o\ I tried to take my gma but she threw me out the door wtf 
@kennygo haha taking preventive measure?  @henrygerson iyah.. Happened a couple of times already  adoh..
Blew out my tire on the way to @rentfn 's today. 
@Rashido who knows. I just noticed that when I tried to exit an app it wasn't working. Kept having to restart the dayum phone. 
Found it!!!!! Phew don't know wot i'll do if i lost my ipod  proberly cry........
@kirtneill IKR! Made me cry  I want to have that disease now/ HAHAHA
Took another piss but its not the same  I wish every piss was like the first one
Wrote an amazing blog then my comp battery died and my whole blog got erased imma cry 
Took a really sweet pic with my sonar sx-70 polaroid. Also got comfy in bed then realized i needed laundry done 
Stayed** in that last post. I'm going to miss my cuddly barry    I love you sooooooo much I'm gonna cry at the airport! (bedtime now)
Spent the night alone in my big house last night.....it was scary  now off to the airport to fly alone ! I hate being alone 
Slept in ;O rushhing to get readyy now! 
Slept on the floor last night because my boy kept punching me in the face. 
I'm alive! At bff's house. Checked out our new house this afternoon and I'm not happy 
My mayo jar smashed all over the floor.  Saved most of it but it was a new jar &amp; it's expensive, gutted.
Pulled an all-nighter... I have no idea why 
Visited the bada imambara today. Right place, wrong time of the year 
Pulled my first all-nighter with a sick baby.. yeesh 
I am Destroyed   I have never felf this this way 
61 Degrees and sunny. Not a cloud in the sky...and off to work I must go  Done at three!
I adore the mornings when I bawl for hours because I feel so hideous.  Say one effing thing about inner beauty and I'm unfollowing you.
@ThisIsDavina where are your weekly clues at the end of the eviction shows? Loved them 
Discovered we have no food in the house  x
Bought programme $2 but doesn't say when, just air show 3.30 to 5.30 
Arrived, now in the queue of the camping reception  http://yfrog.com/0yxbyj
Ran 4.5 miles in 1 hour and 10 mins and felt good. It went well. It was hot (surprise, surprise) and I felt like puking. 
hope my mohawk is subtle enough to pass wedding ettiquette. Checked into hotel, waiting for lunch in light drizzle. Feeling lonely 
Found the bird,too late though  The male blackbird keeps singing in the garden.I know these things happen but its so horrible to see.
@DarkPiano Missed you on the boards ... sorry to hear you haven't been well 
Dammit.  Slept in my contacts.  
Done with conference call, now to the gym, I have been slacking tweets 
I got a chai latte on the way home... Delicious tasty chai. And the A-holes used full cream milk when i clearly said &quot;soy&quot;! ..Destroyed. 
Bought lots, melted though  home soonish.
Made blueberry muffins from scratch! Now on to the mountainous pile of laundry 
Found out I can do pretty much anything else on my phone...except tweet. 
Done watching 30 days of night, now I'm extremely bored 
Why did the end of Made of Honor just make me cry? 
Broke my screen!badly! Praying they'll replace this thing.  
@Stephanya Sold! lol. Does this look painful? Because it is!  http://www.speedtest.net/result/500093118.png
got stuck waiting for a funeral procession... Made it to the post office at 12:01. 
Walked so much today, my poor feet were abused 
Found my passport, although I'm not going anywhere 
Knew I shouldn't have Tweeted about how bored I was.... I'm stucj babysitting for the day 
Stayed up til 4am playing FreeCiv and only woke up about an hour ago. 
Someone broke into my car last night.  Broke out the side window.  
Wow k haven't tweeted in forever! Spent 12 hours baking in church, was pretty fun but my throat hurts 
talked to my brother. Found out something. It's so sad.  using my bro's phone. 
Playing with @tweetdeck on the #iphone.  Crashed twice so far. 
Tested out amps, pedals, drums, cymbals, you name it. Learned a lot of new stuff. And realized that I'm still not rich. 
Took hammock back and got chair (too big). Hanging out with dogs while car is getting fixed. Costs a pretty penny. 
Partied out last night..only to wake up the next day for a 2-11 shift at jcrew  weh.
Started off the day bad  mothers these days!
Broke another pair of headphones, im havin a r8 bad time atm. 
Drove an hour in the rain to get bagels. Place was closed. Stuck in more traffic now. This isn't my day  http://myloc.me/4Gaz
Done with MOMA, off to go shopping in the rain. UCB tonight, then off tomorrow. I don't want to leave! 
Done walking the dog... Now back to the books 
Bought shampoo. Dropped it getting out of my car. Someone ran over it. 
@BrennanAnnie Done it twice now. Fantastic atmosphere &amp; great fun. No more for a year as damaged foot tendons  Mountains next!
Came home for lunch.. Too bad I can't just stay home and take a nap 
Served last ever chocolate shot, uni software stopped explorer, firefox update stopped that. I have no way to get online!  help
@karlafung so jealous... Decided to do flooring today 
Waited desperately for my phone to ring at 3pm and no luck 
Ran 10 kilometers. In 58 minutes. Now my legs hurt. Badly. 
Moved grandpa outside today to get some sun. I hope vote me the dogs lift their leg on him 
Took a nap, still tired, not looking forward to cleaning 
Found an ad for the most perfect teacup Yorkie, a giveaway. But it sounds like a scam in her email.  it's the dog I've always wanted...
Leaving senior send off party  ahwwe it was fun while it lasted ! Slept at 4am ;)
Eaten more in the last 24 hours than I did all week - bye bye weightloss 
Gained 13 followers but ONLy went up like 9 since last night! 
Broke down on 51 and missed the wedding   http://twitpic.com/7xohw
My side car mirror Broke I'm super bumed 
Wondering when the art portfolio book will arrive..? Supposed to be delivered in may; a book showcasing art students work. I want it now 
Started cooking egg&amp;chips to discover there were no eggs in  what else goes with chips?
Weirdest dream... Called into work, still sick 
Talked to my cousin today last time I saw her she was in the 5th grade now she's in the 11th  where did the time go?
Arrived in K.C. Safe and sound a little bumpy and raining 
Arrived at emilys at 1 last night haha and this morning i found out there is no more meezybby in twitter land. 
@padfootcullen do you know more draco/harry fanfictions that are...awesome? Finished the other last night. Couldn't find anything else 
@eczemasupport U R so right! It's not easy 2 not scratch. Took years 2 figure it out. It's so hard for kids. They can't help scratching 
Spent the dryer part of the day indoors and now it's too wet for me to bike. 
Why must I only like rare and expensive video games? Found two I want badly... 70 each! 
@ddlovato Loves pretty addictive isnt it? it hurts when its taken away 
@Gr1377 Seen it already...  many times today 
Pulled a 'hammond' with pout! Waiting 2 call gem  many missing
@valenpeco the longest night of the year! Wished I could go out 
Threw my back out playing with my dog. Took 4 Goody's powders just to be able to move. 
Made it back to the hotel ... So good to see my friend Janeybird again it's untrue, I don't get to see her half as much as I want too 
Sold out  but we just got tickets for later instead lol
Took the boy fishing but no luck so far 
Not good today at all. Spent most of the night running a fever, have really bad headache and coughing constantly 
Stayed home today still not feeling well. Sent D to school by himself. 
Showed up to a wedding an hour early. That was fun. 
Still can't figure out the light on the back porch. Changed the bulb.....no good. 
Drove to Beatrice... Game rained out... Drove home...   
also I think old people should be banned from using the ticket machines at woodford station! Made me miss my train this morning!! 
@ladytasz lol... Long night! Slept all day. Now I'm being lazy 
Took pain med, did dishes, cooked tacos, vision blurry from pain. Canceling rest of today's plans  @evil_cactus bathed Tumble for me &lt;3
@darkmotion stay away from it until they fix the bugs. Started crashing on me 
@lameymacdonald He was pretty young. Took very bad care of himself. 
Bought a new door without hinge recesses  Contemplating making my own because I'm too lazy to take it back.
@HappiForever Not brakes. Happens when I hit the gas, then stops for a while. 
Found some little things....a far cry from what I really wanted 2 get him! 
Found her cat in the middle of the road  
Just fed the puppy dinner... Played with my son... Picked up the house... Now going to find something for my son &amp; i to eat... Hungry 
Received few letters along with a police report from law firms... I guess they want to have business from me...!!! 
Made a video for christian last night but the video didnt make it to his favourties 
Turned on the air conditioner just a few min ago. Now I can no longer feel morally superior to everyone else. 
Found aloe, so itchy. 
Played twister and some guy pushed me... 
Pulled someone's car out of the sand &amp; their bumper came off, not directly from pulling, resistance from sand since they were in so deep 
- Threw up 
Gave in 2 meeting chrissy at waffle house.   she's such a bad influence.
Took Rocky for a short walk but the power's still out. 
Loooong day. Missed everyone's tweets 
@thatboimikey it's ok but I think they deposited my check into the Wrong acct 
Slept when I got home ... still tired, I thinkin I'm coming down with a cold  ... I hate being sick in the summer
Found an article about my uncle's shooting here http://twurl.nl/qz8gvn Sounds so scary 
@Knithippy you are my hate for the night!  Standing me up on my birthday.  Feels like highschool again 
Played Texas Hold 'Em Poker tonight. I was winning at first but somehow it turned around 
Made it out to camp ben! It's going to be an early night, i have work in the morning.  
@JonasFiel Checked the USGS and we didn't have an earthquake. 
@michellechase    Re: Gave away one of my cats. The other one is upset and keeps making these sounds that make me sad. #fb
Spent a few hours to get princexml and princely working with my rails app only to find out it has a watermark. 
My hooka's gone. Died. And i just bought coals &amp; tobacco that no 1 but me likes. 
@emmielou yeah we were lucky.  It was so scary, I saw the deer's face hit the side... Took my mirror 
Made it to Nashville. Hubby now captain of this boat. I'm having a hard time driving thru without seeing my sweet little cousins 
@vampSaam Say hi to everyone for me - I miss singing with you guys 
Slept a little bit, but again I woke up from coughing and my lungs hurt like hell 
Came in last. But i think it'll sound better to call it 4th. 
@IAmNoeAngel damn  thats some BS. Happened to me too. Luckily, i hadnt done much. When we gonna be getting that story?
Doing a screencast is too difficult. Took me 4 hours instead of expected half hour 
Made cookies. They were so delicious and soft but now they're hard.  I put bread in the bag of cookies hoping it'll help soften 'em up.
Just took daddy out to dinner or fathers day... Bought him a few drinks to get him loaded. I'm sad I can't spend tomorrow with him 
hello headache. Can u please go away...  back from pav. Shopped nothing. @aisyahzaini stylogile nama armand. Slapslap. U need help dude!
Took a break from Degrassi to see &quot;Year One.&quot;  
Played a lot of fifa with nick haha , going to sleepp , so tiredddd 
Found an excellent band at hank's tonight.  So wonderful that i tomorrow might be a problem 
Sucked at golf, 35 over par in the pouring rain  #fb
Slept more then 10 hours but still feeling tired 
Made it to the car and already feel like I can't handle it 
@Sianz huh @RealRobBrydon is brilliant, i'd love to see him live. Missed out last year though. 
Spent most of son's 4th birthday apart frm him so as to minimise risk of passing on the flu to him-and his sister 
@lickmycupcakes It's always when your parents are away, isn't it? Like a cruel joke played by the universe! Happened 2 my friend 2day too 
@Tollmart Done dusted. Gig was yesterday pm. No gig for 2 weeks now 
Done my Business course :-D! But now have been given an extension for retail...which is good...but now have so much work still to do! 
well that didn't go to plan. Ended up ferrying a poor injured kitty to the vets. Don't think he'll make it 
Broke my toe nail 
Made my dad a bacon sandwich, put all the stuff away, washed up, and then realised I hadn't made myself one 
Its fathers day. Gave my dad his gifts now cuz i wont be home later 
Broke phone, but had bril night last night feel the effects now tho  !!!
@iSukk oh I didn't recognise you!! Took me to &quot;link is deleted&quot; page with directions to whirlpool discussion 
Showed me what I couldn't find, when two different worlds collide. @ddlovato. What friends are supposed to be. 
Survived the day at the lake! Unfortunatly the dog didn't! He can't move. 
Worked till 2am.  Company email is down, nobody in touch w/ me this morning &lt;yippee&gt;  Tegretol causing me to swell like toad  Call doctor!
@mynameislouise I also have heard good things. Ended up seeing transformers last night tho  do tell if the rumors are tru x
Just saw a dead man on the road.  Looked like he crashed his sportbike into a tow truck.
Stayed up til 4am watching Rise of the Lykins and of course my phone rings and I'm up before eleven. Never get ANY sleep 
had a great time catching up with my close mates 2nite @dshibi's place. Played the bass &amp; gave myself a blister on my thumb 
Bought about 16 metric tonnes of flooring - will have to unload the car at some point 
ok so, I'm homesick again.. always happens around special days like today.  Started to cry during the vm I was leaving for dad 
Won our first 4 games and lose one and we out     very wet
Checked in at the airport. No honeymoon upgrade  We're not even sitting together yet!
Found out that a tornado touched down a street over from me yesterday... Power was out for like 3 hours! 
Kept hearing how low the lake had gotten, didn't believe how low till just now when I saw it.  come on rain!!!! http://bit.ly/138Q21
Spent the weekend in the big smoke. Came home to find bt hub waiting for me but line not set up till tomorrow 
Gained a pound  i'm going to run 'til i die.
Stopped at my moms to get a few things &amp; check on my cats. I need to get them out of there. I miss them 
Played in best ball competition with @lwalder today.Winds of 38km/h made it v difficult-we didn't do well! Both our h'caps will rise  #fb
Found out whole food does do their mimosa brunch 
Bought a new bike lock yesterday, lost my good one in the move to the new house...   Anyways, now I can ride my bike to the store again!
Ran out of cinnamon orbit and thus am forced to chew big red for the time being. Just. Not. The. Same. 
ugh bout to prepare for work....I barely slept.. @Misterdude is in agony over his foot! He tossed and turned all night. Kept me awake. 
Lunch time almost over.Headn back to work in 10 min.Noticed i fell to 66 followers 
Broke my camera 
Pulled over again   http://twitpic.com/8492q
NO ENGINE again today     Sent a borderline-pissed email to the seller, and hope he will respond
@Made2shine  i hope all is well
Brought @laurenbabz dogs for a walk today,never again! there so strong &amp; @Caoimheeyx violently shoved me into someones garden;)  Bully!!
Walked to leigh from thundersly and about to walk back...oh dear  x
Done with work now to enjoy the rainy day.... Everyone else  is workin' I'm alone til' somebody gets off.  wait candy's not workn' yay!!!
Done with work now to enjoy the rainy day.... Everyone else  is workin' I'm alone til' somebody gets off.  wait candy's not workn' yay!!!
@peterfacinelli oh deary me this cannot be good. Happened to me yesterday 
is disgusted with myself. Done something really bad and my guilt will be punishment enough 
Spent too much money on merch. The best shirt, the milky one, is girls only  #blur
Bought a jacket nd dyin 4 a puppy I want a blck morkie soo cute brii nd I died wen we say it soo sweet fun times missed @stacyxkiss tho 
Waited an hour on the roof, steam train didn't show up 
Broke my laptop screen. How much is it going to cost me? 
@eebosah  why would I lie and I have pictures to prove it if you want to see where do you think my relatives like Morma Morfar Lived 
Came back from the rain, it was boring 
Found out my daughter is allergic to Jell-O! 
Stood on an earring ow  now I'm in bed watchin a
http://twitpic.com/84xlo - Banned frm the office cuz I'm sick.... Workin frm home... 
Set was amazing! Saw her, but didn't get to meet her  5 or 6 more hours to go!
Ugh. Made  it to the gym without shoes. 
Spent most of the night looking for a pair of shoes that I'm almost positive I threw out, really wish I hadn't 
is home.  That felt like the longest day of work ever &amp; I showed up at 8 when I was supposed to be in at 10!  Missed out on more sleep 
Spent all day at the doctor.. 
Took us 1 hour to get to my parents for dinner bc the power is out all over 40E side of town. Boo! Ruined our dinner plans. 
Missing college life  Spent the whole evening swapping stories from my engineering days with an old friend ..
Say goodbye to Kodachrome film  http://bit.ly/14dBFO
Ternon passed away while we were at Lilies. Found tonight by his squire, Ruiadhri... 
Broke my phone case 
@TheNewsChick Missed your post = I too am having spam block issues 
Took flu medicine. 
@flossa Say what?!  *hugs*
@FLW_Magazine he didn't know it was for picts, he thought he was really fishing. Kept fishing long after I was done, cried when we left 
@LetoyaTamera I already did EARLY fathers day morning...12:55am 2days of labor tho... 9lbs 2oz..Gave me a 2nd degree tear 
@brendadada I wouldn't care but 8 months ago I was their patient. Moved away from work and now no places 
Say bye bye to fun andrea.  took my adderall.
@itsjoshyboy ew i know right? Came way faster than it should've 
Checked out of the hotel now 
Adult school! Stayed up to text @nikkagama goodbye  he's not here todaayy D;
@SteveGarufi Hi sweetie! Missed ya a tonne, too!! I've been sick for the last week  Stayed off the social radar while I convalesced...
Spent half the day in meetings and the other half typing the minutes.  What a waste of a lovely sunny day 
Spent the whole nite in the ER with a double ear infection....thank god for vicatin cause this shit hurts like hell 
Back from a swim. Threw a ball into a water polo goal for a while. Swam into the goal, my old haunt. Looked much bigger than it used to. 
can't ride my bike today since it's all grey and raining. Wished summer was a little bit more noticable... 
@theBVC I'm here!!! I slept @4  Talked to Tiff a 3am. I just woke up boo!
Made a kind of promo video for my youtube channel for like upcoming video's (if there is any) - and it deleted, cant recover it! ohh well 
Broke my dads computer 
Sold 1 of 5 horses  ... installing more bat houses today, and performing some red fox inspections for removal and relocation purposes.
@JohnNorton I can't make it. Ran into some trouble at the bank today, and I'm going to be out late trying to recover everything. 
Made an appointment for acupuncture today for my left sinus, it's been a frickin month already that i've been having issues with it. 
Beach day hopefully. Bought a watermelon and is trying to make hummus but only has dried chicpeas 
Found http://lesscss.org/ just wish it would compile my css without throwing cryptic errors  #lesscss
So I went to sleep with a headache two nights ago. Threw up in the middle of the night, woke up with the flu. 
Took a shift at OIT 5 to 9 tonight. No more internet or smartphone after tonight 
Aaww,, Ed McMahon Died.  I used to see him all the time in my wrestling watching days with my daddy!  Rest in Peace. Missed by manyy.
Made a carrot cake today for the first time, totally stuffed up the cream cheese frosting, well more like runny icing 
Found out that a large $1,479.00 donation was by QuickPwn.com.  Refunded saying that he can best help us by returning the domain.
Made whole wheat oat bran zucchini muffins...they are kind of tasteless  A little jam should help.
Took a little nap by my sweetie but was a tad cold 
Spent 30 min talking to an 85 year old man at the park... Told me about his late wife, and how lonely he is... Watched his lip quiver 
Having the flu sux balls! Took all my strength just to write this.... doh! 
Now I got my iPhone, anyone know a good Japanese learning app? Seen a couple but wondering if anyone has used any, time for sleep now 
Stood down  how bloody stupid is schools  these days ; i be a little shit so they give me a vacation from school wtf ? allsweet with me 
Made it back to my friends' home, two flights, some screaming kids  two trains, and then 3 glasses of port, I am now sleepless in Zurich.
@faoladh WHAT?!??? Say it ain't so! 
@JonBBT WHAT?!? Say it's not so! 
Threw the fangs up on viper but they covered my face, can't win the contest that way 
Flew home because I have a 101-102 fever.  I liked my classes.
Slept for a good twelve hours. It was inspired by crazy rain and comfy blankets. All it lacked was a fluffy kitty 
Walked 6km today  owch
Checked my tires gauges today and put air in.. Made a chard and potato cassarole. (Yum) no knitting  
Found a pool.. picking it up tomorrow I believe.. 400 dollars later  but yay !
Played Left 4 Dead but my heart is with Ghostbusters (the game), which is perpetually out of stock at the video store 
Made it home...I am tired. I received my order from #Kodakgallery and it was damaged in shipment  sad...I have to call customer service.
Crap, so the site installer works.  Took two weeks too long.  Now I find out that I have to rewrite my robots for the prod environment 
Its been almost a month since my birthay an yet no word from you! I dont know y I trusted u an let u in my life! Knew this would happen! 
Its been almost a month since my birthay an yet no word from you! I dont know y I trusted u an let u in my life! Knew this would happen! 
Slept for less than 5 hours and having a splitting headache now  No time for an afternoon nap grrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Awake. Kind of. Slept 6 hrs, that's very little by my standards 
Slept too much today and now I can't fall asleep. 
@daynoir I don't know why this year. Came last year and sailed straight in. This year, stuck in traffic for 10 hours. 
Took the decision to unfollow someone. Felt a bit like saying I didn't want to be his friend any more 
Pulled my calf playing squash last night, on the train to work cos i can't ride my bike 
Came home from school, went to play mario kart on nintendo 64.. it has decided not to work for me 
Found my remote, lost the $100.00 cash gift from my mom, for my birthday! It's all down hill after 47 years of age! 
Loved transformers! I'm tired now, but i can't sleep. 
Doh! Planned to do some work in the cafe before a meeting. eduroam is not working. Spent the last ten minutes setting up roamnet. 
so after watching &quot;Taken&quot; I'm gonna have to watch a whole lotta will&amp;grace in order to avoid having nightmares.  ahaha im such a dork.
Came home &amp; crawled in bed for much needed me time (can't seem to get enough lately). Mad my kitty is outside still - heard him fighting! 
Walked to work, it's looking a bit cloudy outside  makes me sad #twago
Made friends with my ebay seller.. and now i feel awkward complaining that i've recieved a faulty item   damn you charming power seller!
Spent the day at Phakisa yesterday... I so gotta get a bike 
6 cops just stop-searched some kid. Decided against taking photo but I got stopped myself anyway then I got stopped again 5mins later 
Played Step in at school and yet i'm so tired right now!! my feet hurts and sweaty and feel so tired !!!! 
Found out today that i have to get gallbladder taken out!! Couldnt be more pissed 
Drove 6 hours home from OKC tonight, not smart or safe, but was ready to be done with that trip...not so good, people were unbelievable 
Took ambian and about to sleep if I can ha 
Broke up with my boyfriend  x
Slept the whole day. Head hurts and I'm a bit warm. Boohoo. 
@mrsokie  I have a horror story of a Taurus.  Spent $4K on it before it was 5 yrs old. 
What a hell hearing, 6 days to await order from Judge. Cried the whole time but can only hope truth wins thru and my babies stay safe 
Gained a couple of pounds  so depressing!!
2nd day :l super tired. Took a nap. Now studying accounting.  This reminds me or ARABIT.
Spent yesterday in a bikini and sun-dress....today wondering whether I'm going to be able to hang out the washing 
Journey to Glasto great, no queues to get in! Took ages finding a spot to camp, but now all set up. Just started raining though 
Became bounce of my friend ... 
Took some bird pics at St johns cathedral luring them with pretzels. XD Editted photo: http://img.ly/1dd . Birds walk quickly 
Made it to the train - just in time! Wanted to stop and get a smoothie, good job I didn't 
Taken me 2hours to buy a tv - old man served me! 
Talked to him on the phone and miss him very much 
Stopped on the way home to get breakfast. I'm reaaly bummed out. I thought that today was going to be the day 
@lammo77 not even close  Done about 10! But it's on the list of tings to do!
@thaylin AHHHHHHH!!!!!  Say it isn't so!  
Really want to see Transformers again! Loved seeing it at midnight, but I'm not sure when I'll be free this weekend to see it 
Took a 3:30 hour nap and now I feel great.....but it`s 9pm and everything is closing  hhmm....
Wow i am actually really pissed the fuck off. This always fucking happens. Brought up then slammed down. 
Stayed up late and woke up late 
@julieb1975 You are not a shit!  Happens to the best of us on occasion.  
@MissGoogle Has it been released ? Spent almost 2K Dh on the 71, and now 72... 
Ran 5 avenues for the sale. Long line 
Arrived home from work at 11:15pm, only to wake up again at 6:15am to head straight back in to work. 
Found out that my ex boss passed away last night &amp; now radio 1 are playing Coldplay Fix you! I may cry!! 
What awful punishment as soon as I got the all stools sold out page Circus came on the radio.  Sold out in freakin 3 Mins!
Jumped in the waterfall oh yeah ! Cold now though 
http://twitpic.com/8dexp - Broke my birthday coffee mug....sad 
Found an old message from my best friend during junior year.  It's not nice 
Found lot's of fellow Oztionites. This could get addictive 
Sent out resume again...I guess I'm not good enough..hohum!!!  
When you taking me???  @tabiness Took my cuz out for his 1st beer.. *sigh*
Took off  work 2day 2 take care of my baby  I feel so bad 4 him....he'll B ight tho . Now I'm watchin SNAPPED marathon!  YAY!
Wow! I didn't go home last night  Slept on the sofa at the studio!!! Thanks for the Blankie @djswivel
Travelled 10 hrs from past 2 days. Now heading to meerut for another 4 hrs journey on road 
Killed a kitten last night. Just ran right over the poor thing. Died in nettes hands... What happened to the 9 lives thing 
@Alexmetric . . .  If only I Lived in Zurich  
YES! Done with storage. But byebye to my speakers, TV and 30m Ethernet cable for the next 2.5 months. 
Kicked ass on this test! Not looking forward to finishing my project tomorrow 
Just woke up. Missed class because I got 0 sleep last night.  
2 days more to school. Say it isn't so 
Sold out 
@Sheindie I'm good. Things are moving along. Came back from lunch with the sad news 
Played @ gpokr.com, busted some n00b arses  waiting for pokerstars freeroll to begin and having coffeeeeeee!!!
Sent an email to one of my undergraduate professors - she replied back saying I made her day 
@DaveBos its okay ive done it once didnt but Wooo Stayed up longer then expected lol 
@samandfuzzy I've noticed that. Made me sad because you were tweeting from NEWW. 
Made my dad a myspace to bring awareness to Alzheimers...add him  http://www.myspace.com/460578844
So excited about my 30 min yoga session ahead of me  Followed up by berocca and goats yoghurt  ooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmm
@AndrewRimmer Sure, but I am talking about creating a loyal following.. .NET powered plugin ecosystem. Done. I would move 
Liked &quot;just watched the first episode of kyoto animations &quot;k-on&quot;. good animation and moe-overkill  good fun!&quot; [pic] http://ff.im/1XyqC
Done booking up flights to head bak home 
Worked today. Like every other day of my life. But its was ok today  So now im watching the game. highly recommended. fantastic movie.
Won my first game of settlers  ..and I didn't even realize I could have won the pound before haha
I am such a workaholic! Made an appointment for monday at 11am. But monday is a bank holiday here... 
Slipped and smoked a tab over the weekend, not bad mind you 2 weeks of basically none 
Say hello to everybody 
@Rosaapril Say thank you. 
@rustyrockets Russ How you feeling today? Loved? 
Just woke up. Dreamt that I was pregnant and had given birth... and woke up incredibly relieved that I had/was not 
Done  accomplished and yet... nervous x]
Ah... Sold yet another #mssurface machine. We're not making money on that, but we also sold the project for the software 
@martinpacker Did it. Done it. Doing it tomorrow. 
7:04 Started assignment, 7:13 Made sandwich, 7:31 back to assignment, 7:35 had a bath, 8:09, back to assignment, 8:23, fell asleep 
Simply Being Loved is up and active!  Thanks for all your support, loves. http://tinyurl.com/d2s53m
Spent the afternoon on this steed!!! Always good 2 keep a tidy garden, lady garden   LOL  http://twitpic.com/2yd1m
Slept at 4 in the morning... to bad wasn't listening to that song 
Found st thomas'and waiting 
Made eggplant parmagian and pasta at 1am and it was fabulous!! 
Slept in for an extra 30  in Alviso http://loopt.us/uLUVfA
Found the leak, had fun going at the ceiling with a hammer. So far, a productive day 
Gave 9th grade a writing assignment they actually did..without complaining!! 
Spent a life enhancing day in the sunshine with N3S... 
Played volleyball, and a piece of flesh is suddenly missing from my elbow  But, it was fun!
Made a twitter. 
Came from a video shoot this evening. Found a new great vendor for CustomPCPlanet.com. Tomorrow is another day 
@kirrathomas Sure, sure, but when was it last this short? (Answer: I don't remember...) And the back's nice and layered  (oops, x-post)
@KatAragon I love How It's Made!  did you see the one on makeup? 
My feet hurt... Worth it tho! 
I read that it's a beautiful day outside. I however am still in bed at the moment. Decided to sleep in a little. 
Noticed there's no teevee in my new place, very worried but up for the challenge 
@buckhollywood im gonna watch the HMmovie tmorrow! Loved ur review! 
Bought new guitar  i want this shirt
Ran my first 5k in 39:45 
Done with one...three more to go. 
Just got back from town ;) Bought a few DVDs  Finally got a job application form....just hoping I get the job now though haha
@creationsbyeve I know how you feel.  Happened to me last week!!  On the bright side - our hair grows 1/8&quot;/week so will be better soon 
@GuiltTripper oh and babe, go check out my most recent note. it's called Crashed, it is. recent lyrics 
Found a pop star at the airport, and a couple of Streethearts in beautiful and sunny Bergen today 
Made it to Nationals! 
Spent 2 &amp; 1/2 hours in the hairdresser, I like it though 
Brought the dog in  she's scareder than I am, makes me feel better hah!
@J_Moneyy heeeyyy! Missed ya girl! &lt;33333 
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/3jqob - I went there for the first time last May and i Loved it!! Took like 100 photos. 
@ddlovato Say hi to spain for me! 
Done with party, cake was a hit!  Everyone loved the rainbow/tie dye effect and was surprised when we cut into it.  There was none left! 
@4everBrandy I believe you were correct on the first round  *Ought*
Went to a comic book store. Bought Anita Blake and Dresden Files.  
http://yfrog.com/3whdsj  Took this picture yesterday of a friend's car.  Yes, I am jealous. 
UncleDeejOkay, fixing to head to the other side of the world (Ft.Worth) for a bday party for my cousin tonight. Y'all have a good one! 
Found Ray Ban's on 3rd tee. I turned the in. 
Slept super late haha, passed my G.E.D. 
If I've shared this one before, I'm sorry. It's happy. It's the Hooters, &quot;And We Danced.&quot; http://tinyurl.com/2cnhe5 
Found new band...parachute! Haha 
@seantheflexguy &quot;I hate nihlists. Say what you want about the tennets of socialism but at least it's an ethos&quot; or something like that 
Won the 6th division table tennis cup in team 
Stayed home today thanks to rain. dynamo game tomorrow! good night 
Just finished Perfect fifths. Made me So happy 
Worked overtiime, ahhh. Finally home  babeeee, imishu &lt;3
@team140  Thanks. It's the best thing I've ever done. Loved being out with SAR dogs &amp; handlers today. Amazing what they can do.
Loves he husband so much 
Exhausted after a day of fun in the sun and then dinner with the family, but it was all worth it  Took over 200 pics! yikes!
@wigcryptkeeper; Isn't that what you taught me. F*ck the sensitivity. Say it how you feel 
Really tired. But don't wanna go to sleep yet. . . . Watched fast and furious pretty good. Loving my man he so good to me 
Made it. Safely back home. Thanks for all your prayers &amp; well wishes twitter fam 
@djlsone We will be there w/u in 2wks me! Taken over ur crib as always 
Won both my matches today 
Face it. Wats Done is Done, n' I aint Lookin bac.  Brand New babe!
Done and dusted...well, first draft anyway.  Drinks are on me!
Done running That was a good run! 
Found it! finally. I can rest in peace. 
Received booking: www.fortfeest.nl , this is going to be some nasty underground party 
I love sleep. - Finished math homework  woohoo, tomorrow amy, michelle, and jackie, are coming over to work... http://tumblr.com/xam1m6xpg
Slept a ridiculous number of hours today.  Looking forward to a few more 
@award562 Say wut now? 
Yay!! Found him....going to sleep now  night, night.
@timalmond Agreed. One reason I hardly ever put by-lines on the extracts. Most columnist talk sense at least some time    (Stopped watch)
@stroughtonsmith Done! I look forward to playing it 
Done all my web browsing, time for breakfast 
@iPhillyChitChat  I'm the opposite,..Loved to go to bed and hear the birds waking up. It's been a long time though since that happend 
My girlie...so wonderful. 730am driving her to her car after 3 hours of sleep. She lucky I love her sweet ass  Danced allllll night!
@MissMindstream haha yes klinsmann was my high school crush lol... How bad is that!! Loved him as a player though 
Found out that @marriedgamer1's sister had her 2nd son, Ehren, on my birthday  Congratuations!!!
Found more pins in her her while showering. And is bitter josh won't be at js. And prom rocked 
@A_Made_Mossard hahahahah yup i was named after her 
Liked the meeting 
@dmolsen Gave us enough time to have a *few* beers. 
@briansuda maybe... maybe  Sent from my iPhone
Stayed at a nice hotel last night. Swimming before bed though was a bad choice! About to tear up that free breakfast! 
Spent pure dosh in the garden centre but the plants are bought are gorgeous, baby tomatoes,peppers, herbs and ivy geraniums 
@TheFatBoys  Saw u guys film video @ my jr hs 52,Nyc,right by the bodega,my girl had crush,I bought candy fishes,1 cent n danced @ corner 
@akashathekitty YAY! Done!  Titles are always difficult for me too :S
back from the lake. Took some brilliant pics with the new panasonic tz7!! ;) time to chill in garden with kids 
Bought juice boxes, heckyes. 
@raxlakhani Just remembered I forgot to say hello at #aperitweet Kept getting distracted by the food. 
@jannykanellis Me too.  Seen it twice already.  
Arrived at work early. Waiting for the freeze machine to defraust. I'm thirsty. 
Slept a few hours, been up cleaning and more cleaning, gonna fix a good supper tonight. 
Visited two swimming pools today; one for fun with my daughters, the other for training. People seem so joyous when floating/swimming 
Spent the whole day looking for a bday gift for my significant other bday. He's gonna Bcome 33. nothing yet. Could anybody help? 
Made it to lunch!!!  only 40 more miles!!!
Wore out to the extreme  awesome! off to brittanys now!
Loved RLM today. 
Found some new tunes. 
Wow just spent the day raking lawn. Thrown out tons of computers, software given to me over the years of radio show. Wow memories. 
Yaaaa! Made lemon bars for eddy's bday! A little appreciation for one of my managers 
Spent all weekend tracking the ep! 
Yay! Finished my homework finally gonna go to sleep goodnight 
Home again. Turned out that it's a stomach thing, thank god. I get to keep my appendix. 
Found that special person. 
Sent my husband to sleep in another room - hope that will get me some sleep 
Slept very well on those 30 dilemma's 
Sent out last-call-for-3.0-translations email... hoping to push out 3.0 next week! 
@GNIradio Loved the show, and your frank opinions!   Just a pity that no one else sent feedback/participated. Grumble.
@beardsquared Say happy birthday to your sister from the twittersphere 
Won $10k in an online tournament today.  Finished 11th place out of around 2000 people. Disappointed I didn't make final table though 
@ShropshirePixie Raised eyebrow  Hats off for doing that this early in the year twas a bit parkie this morning
Never mind. Found a copy! Yay! I'll be burying my face in a while. 
@romanv I like \n. Say is used on perl 6.0 as well 
Made a guy Jelious  that will show him Lol
@sandieb321 Thats not comfortable.I've done it for 6 weeks,after a quad bypass.Finished up so badly constipated you wouldn't believe lol 
Won my match  yaya
@krizZzGER Looked at your pres and I think u got the most important stuff.  I'll translate mine to english when I have some time... 
@TraciKnoppe cool, thanks! Knew I could count on you 
It felt so good to sleep in my own bed last night!    Slept like a baby.
Tweeps go follow @RaymondAaron who shows you how to double your income doing what you love. And it WORKS!!! Say hi fr me 
Moved into the new place and liking it  I was nervous to go back to condo living after a house - but I'm digging it!
Arrived from the postoffice with my neo touch, pretty sweet case 
@Digizombis  LOL, yeah... it takes some getting use to.  Took me a while at first, 
@PuterPrsn just FYI. Gave son a banana this morning and peeled from the bottom!  you're right - no strings! http://twitpic.com/3nngc
Spent the day drinking coffee getting hair done having lunch in the sun and now eating haribo  #mondaywin
Bought a house!!! Yay 
Say hello to my little friend.  - http://mobypicture.com/?tj37ft
Recovered from 4/20 
 Found her JRM icons!
Started faffing around with photography and web design again  http://www.lightsondoorsopen.co.uk
Found my keys ! After 2 months 
@SnarkyWench That's why I was looking at the video tutorials- same applies though  Worth spending time on the tutorials, not sure for 6's.
@RobinBayne Bought SAS sandals today and they gave me truffles to go. 
Done with graduation announcements... now I'm designing graduation banners.  
Loved~ Loved~ Loved Wolverine!!!! my daughter blushed when hugh was naked ) Hugh what an amazing job~ and Body holy moly 
Made it to mom's house 
Threw up in my mouth a little! 
http://twitpic.com/4duvw - Spent the day resting in high places 
In the supermarket. Spotted aloevera juice and durian, a weird fruit i can see myself clubbing people over the head with. To name a few 
@RuthCollins Haven't caught the new video yet...the new song doesn't quite beat &quot;You're not sorry&quot; for me. Checked out your music - nice! 
I pretty much got a private concert tonight! Loved it  be jealous for those of you who didn't go
Loves when you follow back 
Won 20 bucks tonight beatin 3 guys at poker  i love manda!
Made it home, had dinner with the family and still up...gettin ready to crash have early morning to start my travels over again... nite 
Started reading &quot;InkSpell&quot;, the second book in the InkHeart series...and wow...it rocks 
Seen a few people wearing masks here, but most here don't seem to know there are other civilizations out there. 
Done with the wedding!  Cousin time tomorrow. 
Found it! 
@dientuki 404 - Not Found nice! 
Made it through the day! I'm exhausted and feeling a little delrious 
@nesarajah I didnt sell it  I meant the phone i wanted to buy was sold off  Found a second hand v3 (same as mine) but awesome condition.
Slept at 10pm, woke up at 4am.  Much healthier than the reverse for sure.  AND much quieter.  
Luckily, I called my brother  Who is doing my packing and discarding of things I don't need anymore. Collected since the last 8 years!
@meriel ohh, well that's okay too  :-bd oh and happy 1,601st update to moi! Missed 1600.
Morning all. Lots to do but should be a nice day. Started with a lay-in - excellent. 
Done. If anyone wants to comment, they're welcome 
http://twitpic.com/4e82h - this is seriously a work of art!!! xD Made by my Bestie Emilieee  wuuu i love ya x
@JaydeRyan Found you via TotalJobs; have sent my CV your way. 
Spent tonight with baby walking around the deserted Contraband grounds then chilling at our spot 
 Found a way to make this Private woot woot
Found my dream caaar  hehe, finally!!!
http://twitpic.com/4ebtx - Finished the shopping 
Found out that TrailGuru app is working again and my routes have been poseted! yay!  #trailguru #iphone
Bought a new book. No chance I am going to do the ironing now. 
had another great run w/ the group! 4 miler!  Took about 50 min. w/ walk breaks.
@alaurie &quot;We r the ones who Made U&quot; 
Everyone got what they wanted in town apart from me!! Bought some leggings though- very retro and 2nd time round for me!!!  
Wrote my first compre Exam of the last Compree series 
@snedwan Done, don't block me 
Bought a dress I'll probably never wear to go with the shoes I'm already not wearing 
Discovered a fairly impressive gash on my leg upon waking up this morning: battle wound from fence hopping into an empty cornfield. 
Made friends on twinkle. I'm still occassionally dumb founded by what a small world we live in 
I'm still alive!  Finished the 5k in just over 40 mins. Not bad for a chubby guy! 
@askaaronlee You're welcome  Loved it!
http://twitpic.com/4emq9 - Took over Sil's bed already. 
Found some gems @ the booksale including a sushi cook book 
Took longer than last time, but got lost a bit.  Average speed was higher   http://trail.motionbased.com/trail/activity/8129585
but all in all it was a pretty darn good day  Hanged out with bro's friends most of the time
Survived breakfast, a baseball team photoshoot, hair cuts and shopping with the kids. Now we are going to try to have some fun. 
@SanjanaSharma Say, have i mentioned that you look cute in that profile pic of yours... If not, you do... 
Ran into some Spanish brothers out in the territory! I love experiences like this! 
Loves sleeping in when it's raining!! 
Found n got it for 10 bucks  gonna wear it forever
Found something for @speedjay its a tonium pacemaker for mixing on the go.  google it. You'll either laugh or druel. It's ipod size too
Made some new friends last night lolz 
Loved crawfish boil  sucess!! Tyson beautiful and a douchebag... but a doushebag in a hot way  and katty perry was hallarious and good!
Done with 'New Moon' 
@TPO_Hisself oooo...good one!  Gave my dad a bottle of that not too long ago, mom wasn't amused! 
@StephanieFrank sounds like it was a good time. Wished I'd have been invied to the party..lol 
Loved tonight as well 
Took funny pictures in the middle of the night 
Done what I set out to do  just need to carry that on for the next 50 years or so...
@DarrenRoberts Walked around w/lil guy. Looked at all the diff booths. Ate little vegemite sandwich @ aussie booth n pasta @ Italy 
@Courageous_one huh? I didn't understand!! What is it called? Worth a read? 
Worked all afternoon, snug from bed. Now, me and @goaldeebug out for a pub meal with @nabsy 
Slept 'til 10am, had a good breakfast, and now off to take a long bath. What a nice day 
@TDLQ  nighty nite doll!! YOU continue to chillax!!  Its so rare you get to!    Loves, doll.  I'm heading to bed as soon as this track ...
Exhibited at GalleryOM yesterday: The first exhibition I have taken part in since being an art student! 
Ran 10.52 kilometers and felt great. The sun has finally graced us. Weatherman says not to get too used to it though 
@tommcfly I lost a tenner on my way to Blackpool and ended up not having enough money for a T Shirt! I was gutted! Bought one online now 
Took the night off to catch up on some movies with Albert. Slumdog Millionaire was awesome. 
Took my first trip to Memphis today!  Settling down after a great night playing music with some talented friends 
@alex91AAM Haha I've seen the CRUSH ver. Seen that dy? It's pretty cool. heh 
Found an amazing song: outsider by a band called the daylights. Mmm 
Bought my first leather jacket today. 28, married and an editor. I think I've earned it 
Slept  long today.. hopefully won't fall asleep during the party 
Just got back from a 3 hour dog walk around a lovely forest! Played in bluebells, saw a deer and chased a pheasant! 
I just acquired my first diet coke of the day from a small ice cream shop. Took all my willpower not to get a shake 
http://twitpic.com/4h73u - This is me checking on my senior's cellphone. Taken by Zehan. 
@Kwiet I have seen it  The end is devastating. Made me wonder what I would do (and also hope I'm never in that situation - in the car).
@studio6or7 Made a comment on your blog, but I love it! As I said... the book died for a good cause. 
Came back from Mass..... now im tired...! 
Played in tennis doubles tournament, had a bike ride, played badminton ... pleasantly tired 
@renmiu The oat kind. Made with water and not much else. I'm Scottish, this is how we do things 
Slept about 8 hours, woke up about 40-50 mins ago, not bad 
Slept way too much, but now it's time for breakfast! 
@DanaDigital @mateoviento PUPPYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! @danadigital can we start with something small. Say, a french bulldog? 
have potted on the toms and herbs. Checked on the cauli's and they appear to be surviving the slugs  a happy gardener.
@EllaPaigeBabe Searched for music, I target followers with this http://bitly.com/UHgkZ its growing my biz too 
@CherryVette To old?  Say it ain't so 
Made one big pile out of several small piles of what I call 'catch all collections' mail, coupons, receipts, stuff;  time 2 organize! 
@KELLY__ROWLAND Found a video from last night in Gothenburg  http://tinyurl.com/cdc24c That's a whole lotta confetti haha
Stayed with my family today 
Oops crashed out last night at 8pm! Slept like a baby through to 6am, feel masses better for it though 
@aquicknote Knew you'd have my back. 
Slept in till 9!!!!! Felt very good...now am hungry and gonna make a HUGE breakfast! See ya soon 
Guess Who Made Th background of my page?.... MEEEE!  
Danced my butt off last nite, slightly hurting this am...attempting to go work out, lets see if this works!  
Took some new pics for my sis  
Took 9c yr old Grandmother to se her 90 yr old sis ib the hosp Special to see them interact 
Made for tv movies are the best 
Took a walk in the rain. At the horse farm lightning spooked the horses, who kept galloping past me in the flashing light and downpour. 
@claikind I love red too! Checked your profile-your background graphics are hidden-try to make thinner to the left (see mine). 
@hantu wahhh holiday so nais. You have a great flight  Say hi to the wallabies and kangaroos!
Loved having everyone over but its also nice to have the apt to myself again 
Made great deep quiche with cauliflower and bacon for brunch today. Is that &quot;martha&quot;? 
Found chad stick   oh god, was this hole here befor ?
Made the varsity cheer squad! 
Yay! Done at last 
Made my moms the best dinner ever because i'm the best daughter ever 
Bought a NDSlite, so I can play Mario games! 
Swung by the nursing care facility to see my nearly 95 year old Grandmother - she looks and sounds great, much better than she has been!  
Ok now headed back home. Ughh today was so relaxing. Spent money.. Walked the strip. Checked out the wax msm. And got to see some cuties 
Stayed In....Ate well....drank well...snuggled up with the hubby.  What a great great day.  
Wore the pearls to the wedding  thanks dad
Done with last day of work at BK  now its time to study hard
Found a homeless dog today and a good home for him 
FINALLY home.   Worked, then went for coffee/gossip time. It was good.
Today was great! Came up $500 playing poker so bills are taken care of, basketball game before my leg died...now studio 
Found a tiny golden heart stuck to my foot. Made me think of @tomcoco 
Bought a new ringtone.... Jai ho.    love it. Makes me smile.
@omewan Say that movie title with a little more reverent tone, buster. 
@jamaise Yes  Sent you a tweet thank you but think I forgot to email,too. I love it!!!!!!
Prayed in the pouring rain yetserday for gods spiritual rain to fall on the youth of this nation....it was an amazing experience. 
Tamale mmmmm  Worked out, relaxing, then bed time
@StolenName Done, &quot;Trumbles&quot; is now named 
To make a long day short--I did nothing. =D well, I had some friends over they just left (3:55am) We have been drinking since 9.  Smashed
Watched Kunguma poovum konjuma puravum... Liked it very much!  excellent cinematography!!!
@JLSOfficial ... but i could barely speak! He was probably thinking 'who is the weirdo?' LOOOOL. Say sorry to him for me please?  x &lt;3
Slept like a log last night, now I'm full of energy 
Is going to be off line for the rest of the day. Made some progress on a game over the weekend. @lvturner you may not like me again. 
Done e-mailing. Loads of e-mail came in in the past days. Now need to do some follow ups, this afternoon working on two client projects 
Came from Greenbelt &amp; Power 
I'm out looking for warblers! Seen a yellow so far!  And a blue grey gnatcatcher 
Yay! Made my first sale on RedBubble - that makes me so happy   http://bit.ly/1gURq
got a rad new t-shirt from my aunt. Made from some cool shiny shiny pink material. 
Came home early from school to catch up on my lack of sleep. Thanks @thebamboozle 
Checked the bank acct this mornin..got a lil sad..then decided I would imagine a 0 on the end just to make me smile.  #whateverworks
Done with classes and packing for the atlanits!! I hope miley's there 
We looked at apartments this weekend.  Found one we like.  Hubby going today to try to rent one of the apartments.  Crossing Fingers 
Discovered that Numpy arrays can hold values of any type.  Useful for manipulating arrays of numbers with uncertainties. 
http://twitpic.com/4w1s4 - Found at a garage sale for $1.50 
Off to prom. Say hi to me 
Done a bump out and now back in bed seemingly unable to muster the energy to get up again  Sundays are great.
Found out earlier today that I'm going to be an Uncle 
Yay! Made it home. Feels great to be back and it's still light out. 
Found which exit to take. Thanks @Tianjinology. 
Noticed Wellwood has all his teeth in tonight, that's nice 
@Krystania thanks.mine wasn't too bad. Made a card for my mom, had a nice nap, finished some work, wrote bills, I have a surprise for you 
@thecompletes seen u a couple of times. Liked it 
@thecompletes seen u a couple of times. Liked it 
Shot some footage of a fundraiser to purchase a mobile health clinic this morning then a little web work and a full afternoon of climbing 
Done studying bout the earth 
Gave my dog a bath &amp; and then jumped in the mud - gotta love it! 
Checked if there's a new comment on friendster! 
Won a gps at post prom 
social was fun. Swam in the water in my boxers 
I chopped a fringe in last night got tired of having it hang in my eyes. Made a mess 
Took yesterday off &amp; treated myself to an outfit &amp; shoes, I have not treated myself in a while, my mothers day gift to me 
Made coffee cake for her mom 
BWAHAHAHAHA! Shut the fuck up... @BarryManilow is TOTES following me right now! Who made the account? Made me giggle like a school girl! 
@paulbay1028 Bit of a lie -in. Eaten all the bread.  It's way too good to giveaway. 
Morning all its beautiful out already, glorious sunshine. Wash and vacum car Done, fill with petrol Done, bbq stuff buy Done. 
Made a bomb and it blew in my mouth!..just made the best F*ing dinner! 
Found controls for left hand people like me on twitterrific. Excellent 
Started following QueenRania for a change 
Made some good money for 5 1/2 hrs worth of work not bad I needed that tonight good stuff  after the murphys law week I had the other wk
Took some phogs 
Done... with the #run : 14.5km / 1h33mn / 153bpm . Feeling great, no fatigue... and no speed 
Spent the night finally relaxing with Nogard on WoW after finishing some work Needed to take a small break from art. I really missed this 
@doombox haha. Finished dinner here (we eat early hehe) So am having ice cream right now.... 
@paaulamc I'm listening What I've Done hahaha  how are u? luv ya PCP?
Done my biology and chemistry  Might start on maths ina sec, x
@kaecyus I had the collector's edition too  Sold it now a little while back though. It just didn't grab me enough for more playthroughs :/
Came off stage and remembered everything I meant to say, like sharing links http://tinyurl.com/qfq7yl ah well  #openhacklondon
Just got back from high street!  Loved this day.
Played soccer kicked some ass now I b buying a hooka more like waiting in da car while the others get it 
Gave Teres just the mother's day breakfast she wanted: going out for french toast while the rest of the family was still asleep. 
@blogginforbiz No prob ... got lost, got hungry, found great places to eat. Found my way home -- sober  All was good!
Made myself a breakfast of bacon, eggs, home fries and cofee.  Wish you were here to share it with...  You know who you are... 
Slept the whole plane ride...still wiped!! I love a good dmb hangover! 
Up! Slept in again. It feels soooo wonderful 
Hiking yesterday.  Found this rub.  Deer abound.  I love where I live. http://yfrog.com/0aii3dj
Ran errands with jordan all afternoon. I still need to find some shoes to go with my new dress for tomorrow. 
@VFZEEZ Understood... not what I would consider a good time... 
I will get my wish, dreams do come true, there's no place like home.  Dreams do come true, there's no place like home. Say it with me!  
Came out to my dad a while ago in his truck... he's cool with it. 
@levarburton I only *just* realized that's you in the Cameo video! That's such a great song. Looked like a fun. 
Stopped by to holla at my people at @chillspotatl  #fb
Just got home from work not long ago. What a long exhausting day! It was good though. Made good money.  about to chill with wyatt
Learned a lot about my heritage today from my dadddd  it explains a lot! Bahahhaha
Partly working from home. Started already at seven 
Watched marley and me with @jennafrank... Cried more than I have at a movie in a LONG while &amp; I don't. even. care. 
Spent the entire evening with my beautiful neice...I've never seen anyone more precious in my life...ur uncle loves you sooo much MIA  
@scribblegurl Aww you are too sweet  I am trying to purge detrius from my home &amp; started on closet. Found stuff I forgot I had.
Broke down and got the skittles i wanted... they really were not that good... but hopefully the craving will be gone now 
Slept 15 hours last night. So nice to be home. I sure missed my bed.. and all my animals! 
Started out with a shocking headache earlier, but today's actually been really good  no more work due now till tuesday! *sweeet*
Found my ipod, let us praise black gay jesus! 
Received my 1st 1000 fans card from @IFightDragons today!  So awesome. 
Bought a cute top at Target for the weekend festivities. I love retail therapy, especially when it's affordable. 
@JustElle Found it from one of my followers @recyclersREALM definitely some cool stuff 
@KevinSpacey            Loved watching the show! You made my night, and I loved the red/orange (couldn't tell) socks! 
In case you missed it earlier, &quot;Never Say DIe&quot; can be found at- http://www.booksie.com/crensci 
@BeckyDMBR Couldn't decide if I wanted to listen to some or eat some...MeatLoaf. Saved me the indigestion 
Found division of power  #geocaching
Found division of power  #geocaching (via @lick_skittles) http://bit.ly/tZbkJ
Ran into an uncle at the Ranthampore forest gate. Not sure if he wanted to be seen considering that he was with his 2nd family 
w/ @xCarlosx  &amp;&amp; @SoldatRenard downloading songs on the pod. &amp;&amp; watching Taken. 
@andygozo Knew you'd have an idea or two. 
Started writing short bday blog post this morning, ended up long &amp; introspective. Stayed to finish it, late to work - today I'm allowed 
Found a tee  now looking for glow in the dark stars hmmm tricky
Just read a 'review' of our site holding page. Made me smile 
Slept well last night  maybe a little bit to well (is that possible btw?) But now i'm two hours late for class!
@brightillusions Done 
Bounced out of bed this morning ready for another long haul studying sesh  what the hell has happened to me!!
Bought 'Homesick' tonight.. they didn't have Amity Affliction's album =[ oh well! *Listens to music* 
Made Albert get up &amp;put gas while I was on shower 
Survived with only 3 holes in my sweater and one in my hand 
@DominicMasters Done that washing and hung it up and put in another load 
@JayOnrait Done and done.  Put him in his place, he says he is better than you 
@EddyTM Found ya! 
@JonathanAB Shot man 
Brought my hat again. 
Made a vlog , i was super bored 
@thunt27 And I wrote about 3650 words yesterday. Finished one short story. Yay!  
Revised. Gave up. Ate lunch at a Japanese restaraunt with my aunt  and then walked her dog... time for a gossip girl episode  x
Ran out of dishwasher tablets today, bunged in a persil tab, it's been on for 30 minutes, so far no drama 
@chaz_lehmann Worth repeating 
Made a 94 on my music final 
Found them. And no they werent on my face 
Bought: black dress pants, two black shirts, black wedge sandals. I'm all set for tomorrow. 
@isheepthings Done! 
Slept for... 13 and a half hours. Best feeling ever going to bed and not having to set an alarm 
@ccfarrington spit bubbles. catch up.  and no. i was thinking Taken or something.
Made the cake without a recipe 
Bought my plane ticket! 
Stayed in &amp; watched Beaches 
@modernmod I *love* this photo you took last night at #SpinTO - everyone looking like they're having a great time  Made my night.
@Talindab I really liked Taken. Seen it in the theater, really gorey but good! I like scary gorey movies though! Hope u liked it! 
enjoying a night of #beading. Made a few necklaces 
Written a new song, Its all Done 
Taken was pretty good.  like real good. What will the night bring?
Shot a chrome shotgun and a 9mm today- I shot a small target over 20 yds away with the 9 mm 
Drove through some of the worst fog of my life for 200+ miles- but we made it to vermont safe and sound 
@DouglasCP yeah! I wanted to see it opening day, but it was sold out everywhere!! Worth the wait and I'd see it again!! 
@kapkap Wallet isn't simple enough? Bought one for my dad couple years ago, and he's still using it now.. 
@rbaier I actually didn't precook the squash, just chopped it up &amp; put it in with the rice &amp; stock from the beginning. Turned out great 
Spent yesterday outside painting wood for the garden shed. #sparetimeproject Today /w #sun the first tennis match '09, I am well prepared 
was up early, 5:30am, after welcoming mum back after she completed the 26mile moonwalk  v.proud.Raised alot of money for breast cancer 2!
Wore a wrong bathing suit. It's not a bathing suit actually. It's something w/ snaps underneath. But loved my body in it. 
@Demeizer Took about six weeks...  So relieved now though.. .ahh!
@davengeo I'm delighted that you agree. Made my day! 
Bought a nice new canvas for my room 
Stayed up til 4 AM looking at yearbooks and reminiscing about high school.  good times
Barely going to sleep. Turned into a pretty damn amazing night!!! 
That's what you get?? Bought Paramore album today 
Played brussels club in laguna with franco benito. We rocked 4 tracks each all night battle style! Crowd went bananas  bed time now. S ...
Made my toast  I'm about to eat it
@ABridgwater Ahh I ended up there yesterday when licensing.microsoft was down. Took me a while to resurface 
@BROOKSjbphoto Found Tagalongs in the cupboard and Thin Mints in the freezer. Moved right after I bought them and forgot I had them. 
http://twitpic.com/5cvjj - Finished!  need to add colour now
Getting ready to go to santa fe ! Talked to my cousin pamela  I'm not holding grudges life is too short ! I missed her 
Say it's true, there's nothing like me and you. 
@TStockley  Made a reply tommy. 
Found sportbike racing on tv - gods, I love the sound of those engines! 
texting and listening to &quot;If You Only Knew&quot; by Savannah Outen.  Praying for THhursday.
Made it home safe  thar be no raping or murdering going on this night
@WWEEdge Steal the show tonight, yeah? As you always do. 
Completed the half marathon! 1 hr 54 min, beat my goal by 6 minutes! 
Loves when her hair is straight. 
Spent a pleasant day cleaning my flat &amp; enjoying a walk exploring the new area now live in. 
@ngowers I think the actor is early 20s... Looked it up a while ago. He is divine, though 
Seen alotta Steeler fans up here...  I'm gonna fit in just fine!!!! Lol
Worked for a little while now just goofing around till someone finally wakes up and reads her msgs lol 
@inprogress Ah.  Spent every summer at my Grandma's and she loved them. Spent hours working them with her. Think that's why I can spell 
@on3nightstan Finished one campaign on L4D, it's fun! Took about an hour I think. Really want a copy of X3:TC, just my kind of game. 
Clothes line snapped earlier, clothes ended up in apple tree and veg plot, doh! Made a few birthday cards and presents this afternoon 
i wanna go for a walk but its raining outside..i mean POURING outside..grr.. i'll go watch Taken instead 
@waxingpoetic75 &quot;Jumped on my stream&quot;.... is that code for something? 
@CaptainIK:  Took a peak at  http://bit.ly/fKyyS and I love  all the pic's but the portrait  is beautiful 
@atrak oh yum! I love fresh sugar cane. Used to carry it around in my pocket and chew it 
Done with revision for today 
Discovered @loopy4ewe sock monkeys... via @mchenwears... amazing... I feel inspired! Screw revising 4exams - let's make sock monkeys!  x
I just left Coach. Walked out with a handbag and wristlet  so excited!!!
Strange when people walk by and ask if I'm the golfer. Kept checking 2 see if I had a sign. Found out I got a shout out from Pastor Chris 
Audio: laurenmalone: Made me laugh too  http://tumblr.com/x8r1syt8c
Made my hair darker and got rid of the red in it. Now watching bitches fight on Bravo! 
Found the perfect dresss &lt;3 cant wait fer may 30 
Arrived in Copenhagen. Thumbs up for the cabinn hotel - good price, service, nice rooms and wifi works like a charm 
Found this interesting t-shirt, for your inner secular humanist  http://bit.ly/14rqZf
Slept until now. And i wanna sleep a little bit more. Like...'till the morning.  I guess I've been quite tired.
Spent some time with my dad today 
Loves his seeeester 
Followed @twitter on twitter 
Done cleaning hopefully  now onto moving and reorganizing lol
Came up with a new golden card trick gambit. I'll have it posted on the website by the end of the week 
Took me forever to crack this coconut open but it's so worth it! I LOVE fresh coconut juice! 
Watching Taken, this is a really good movie 
Done and Dusted. And that's just me 
made dinner on the gril for a bunch of friends last night for @robinbrunelle 's going away party. Made me feel so good 
@SkullyVanTerror It's a book I wrote called &quot;Never Say Die&quot; you can find it at http://www.saydiemason.com 
Threw a really kick ass party last night. it was basically amazing. 
Loved mcfly on bbc 2day  @tommcfly you were so cute on the radio xx
Saved $61 (42%) on our grocery biill today! I love coupons - and especially TheGroceryGame.com 
Just taking it easy at home. Danced a lot and now I'm aching. 
http://twitpic.com/5dkjm - Took my bike in 2 be fixed &amp; got a cool sticker! 
Gave in and got a twitter haha follow? 
Took a nice nap 
@JustinMHancock it is quite tasty   Worth the three hours it takes to complete
Spent a little time by the pool, ran a few errands, watching hockey.. I think I could live like this for a little while. 
Found out that Muse sing this song that I love but I didn't know they sang it. 
Walked 30 min. With mom today 
Made enough room in my garage today to get the car inside before the next hailstorm.  
http://twitpic.com/5esph - Looked a bit messy and unhealthy...But I love guacamole 
@jessewatson1 true...I should so be asleep. Stayed up all night throwing an epic bday party for @djmichaeltodd 
Visited family I haven't seen in a while. Held my new nephew Calvin. Spent time with my niece Immy. Din din with parents. Great day 
@menetekel Thanks for putting on the funk record when I came back to my room. Made my evening. 
Cried too much today, but thankfully the misunderstanding is resolved, so no more need for tears 
Bought Emanuel 7&quot; for 99p. Thanks ebay! 
Sold the mikimoto cheap, but still made a (very) nice profit 
Rise and shine! Slept through the morning thunderstorm. Looking forward to a day of doing nothing but work. 
@ckmaresca My wife switched shampoo &amp; conditioner shampoo only of the same brand.  Took me months to figure it out.  
Looking forward to #LondonSEO tonight! Say hi if you're going!  If only there were pool tables...
Made kiev for dinner and am all garlicked out 
Liked very much circ du soleil - varekai! Definitely circus 2.0 
Broke my head unit this arvo.. 
@sing2u  sorry for late response...have not been on lately!  doing fine! thanks so much for asking!  How are you??  Took some quiet time 
Morgen !!!! Slept until 10 am, thanks to the thunderstorm 
Made it home at 3 am good job love dane and love spike 
Couldn't resist. Bought the T-shirt. http://shirt.woot.com/   
Started reading a book yesterday that has got me super pumped all over again and given me an extra spring in my step 
@konrad_koko Say goodbye to your ears? 
Found a great tool to make Favicons  http://tools.dynamicdrive.com/favicon/
Done with BM. &amp; had indomee 
Arrived early for my monday morning meeting, m25 punishment over until this afternoon 
@FawnBZee Missed you too, thanks for your love and support 
Done eating, going to take a shower 
Keeping my room looking like a dump was worth it if only for the priceless look the cleaning lady gave me. Sent her out while I clear up 
Slept like a baby in my new sheets  mmm so cozy!
Say hi to TeWa    http://bit.ly/bj87O
Survived my first day of work....yeah! Early mornings again after having 2 mths off 
Yey! Finished with my first final for this semester! 
Took 5 hours to perfect a design to xHTML and implement it. Worth the effort! 
@rustyrockets Dreamt about you last night! It was a good dream... 
@overheardatmoo I loved the cards I ordered plus the sticker book. Used my photos for cards &amp; loved the way they printed. recommended 
Made myself a toast and som orange juice and now I'm going to watch Kill Bill 
Found a bug in Hotspotmanager today, from my initial mail to Firedigit it took 1 hour to remote access, troubleshoot and fix the problem! 
People I follow are funnayyyy  Made me LOL
Done with my homework 
@TheSabina Passed your 100th marker. wheres the party tonite? 
In the middle of class now. Slept for 3 hours last night.  I SO TIRED. But project is DONE YAY.
@cyclingweekly &quot;The thing was, that we were basing our prediction on a thing called 'evidence'.&quot; Made I laugh 
Bought two new books today  - http://tweet.sg
*My Answer is YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU* 
@richard4481 Say hi to Moshii for me 
Ran 3 miles in 34:32 with NO walk breaks!  I feel awesome.
Missed my stop this morning. Ended up walking 5 avenue blocks because I didn't feel like waiting for a train to go backwards.  
@JMMcDermott Of course not--why, I just had a monster trap me in a puddle the  other day. Happens all the time. 
Started running again this morning...its never too early to start training for the next race or getting ready for the beach 
Took my 1st step in creating my dream team for starting NetImpact bangalore chapter. Positive responses have started coming 
Bought a memory foam mattress yesterday! I'm so excited  Its the little things in life...
Swam one kilometre tonight. That's 40 laps at uni. I'm pretty happy with myself 
Spent some time with the new girl at the old girls leaving do.  wow.  a little bit in love.. uh oh!  
@SandyCalico Haha!! Pulled the cooker out yesterday to clean behind it. Won't describe the stuff I found there but it wasn't pleasant 
@jnjackson tch tch such a major predicament...might I suggest you decide the nght before. Supposed to work like a wonder. Not for me thgh 
Bought my lensbaby composer last night! So excited 
@timTech We played teams.. Won the first game, lost the second.  It was a fun night! 
Slept well. Sleepy now. Lol. 
@SbutterAMfly So do I  Done I mean, as opposed to in my head or in a pile of yarn! Thanks for the cheer
@davegalanis Thanks! Made my day 
Received the latest from Loreal Products 
Feels like a weight lifted off my shoulders. Done with my presentation  
Came back from school, gknna make tea in a bit 
Off to dinner...Done for the day 
Done my first twitter invite 
Done with english exams for the close time 
@choochoobear I got it.  Took me a couple extra seconds, but I got it.    Age: 29  ;-)
Made it to where I was going and back...now its time for sleepy...nite nite... 
Bought new bras. 
@Ran_Row what's with your hair ranita?  at least I'm not a boy.. Haha http://myloc.me/1nfa
Done making personalized papers. 
Slept a little better last night 
@LonelyBob Listened to the music the whole lunchbreak 
Done packin finally shesh.......Veeeeggggggaasss!!!! 
@ShropshirePixie Done 
Stayed in tonight &amp; watched some movies 
Finally said something. Done. 
http://twitpic.com/5ohwg - Worked a bit on animation smoothing, AI and controls. 
@LisaNBC Yersh the Qwooolest!!! Say Hhhhhi to Marrjshh for me! haha 
@stickytiki I like to know that people aapreciate me   Made any camera purchases lately lol ?
Made a slow cooked chicken curry soup for dinner, hope it taste good 
@Fragtastic thanks! Came up better than I was expecting actually 
Survived his Microteach 
Last day! Bought some beer to celebrate, so I'm happy 
@justjesst I understand how you feel. Happened to me quite a number of times. You need to be patient. People will see it sooner or later. 
Came fourth in Xcountry today 
Pretty awesome day today. Made lots of decisions. Only 12 days till Nationals start 
Bought a new hooka earlier today. Already broke it in. It's &quot;pretty&quot; I'll upload a pic later 
Stayed up till 5am, woke up early. Feeling kind of dizzy now.  What's going on with you guys? Big day tomorrow. Championship game for my B
Received my I20 ! 
Liked &quot;??? 1348 - ?? ???? ??????  ????? ?????&quot; [pic] http://ff.im/-38wKu
Seen first sign for cambridge  this makes me happy as means almost home eeeeeppp! X
Won $30 in poker today _thanks_ work colleagues 
This mornin is so crazy. Taken shit loads of gorgeous pics  and my shirt is very colourful x
Eaten all my skittles without either elephant getting a single one 
Gave my pup a bath 
Yay! Passed. 
back home from #webdu 09. Worth every cent 
@jono1980 No way!!! She wants to love me whaooo whaooo oo oo!  how the birthday going? Wrote wishes on yr fb, not twitter
Found it ! 
@surrabeth87 Have fun at the game! Say hi to my bud C-Grand # 28 for me 
2 1/2 hours into the 40 hour famine. Not bad. Found out something's wrong with the nzconnection.net site - it's a pretty normal day 
Stopped at another service station  Strawberry and banana smoothie!
Pigion crisis over. Took the SSPCA womman abot a minute to extract it. Says she gets them all the time...just needed experience 
@Roadrippersid @sreeyesh Found the thing via @shanselman check it out  Winfox [http://bit.ly/UmRwA]
@olliekav @kassy4 Twas a super post. Made me spend some cash on some funky new 'cards' with foil print and a custom guitar pick 
Done with microbiology video lectures, alhumdolillah!  Starting Immunology lectures now!
@emalyse Definitely! Loved singing along to the choir bit at the beginning too And used to dance to it as well  #firstrecord
Made it turned in project guess i am gunna graduate 
@jpbrunelle  Safe flight. Sent you a treat for your landing 
Came back from a fun day with dad in Tel-Aviv! Bought myself new sunglasses, TOTP and 2 tops- sweet ! 
Morning all! Slept in my own bed last night. Ahhh, it's good to be home. 
Took day off, big day 4 b &amp; mikey! Yaay 
@PamelaGlasner Thanks for the link on your blog! Showed it to hubby just now and he was in awe 
@amykayODT  Awh. Missed you too. 
Loves the LalaSong 
Checked in, waiting for my plane 
Watching Taken in government class? Yahhh! 
@HomemakerHero Stumbled yours 
Slept for 2 more hours. Going to try and get some more sleep in 
Hands down, best dream I ever had. Gave me confidence and showed me what I need to do. 
Slept in the worlds most comfortable bed last night and had really amazing coffee this morning 
@beardoctor ooh lovely hug; thank you. Returned of course 
Worked on our final (graduation) assessment, in our garden in the sun! 
Slept until 9, coffee and bagel on the patio at panera, flip flop sale at old navy, now on to color me mine 
Kicked ass in driving lesson so it's all good in the hood 
@Zeavy Checked and added hehe 
Done today's Chinese lesson 
Movie. Done with school 
Done with osm and now at ohl. 
Found it! Under my bed phew 
Yesh!  Done   I'm going to hang around and then off i go to bed to get in some..
Threw @DiscoKeeKee in the shower...looking flea free  http://twitpic.com/61c3f
Bought myself a little present  yay me!
Made it to jersey 
Found a harness supplier woot! 
@mdoolittle Done and Done   But when you think about it, you'll have Jack for 24 hrs and he'll be crazy-busy for most of it.  Your choice.
Done with work! Having super later dinner with the urbies  they loco!
@EdwardDroste Bought and listened to Veckatimest earlier today - incredible work; thank you for the music. 
@krritchie I really enjoyed dialogue tonight. Learned a lot. Now we need to get some coffee and hang out. 
@hipmamacita I'm alergic to nuts. Brought the app w/it. Then brought me a new one but took the spoon from the old one. Ate it anyway. 
@wAonLdeIrlCanEd Got it! Worked like a charm! (how ever good they work) 
Started the cleanse in the am-will be tough but totally worth it  night night
Won a hand. Cards since have been crap. 
Took my new purple pretties out, combed them carefully, and put them in the medicine chest. I miss them already. 
THAT Made me laugh   @ErinBlaskie  #twitter #goal #hashtags #single #tweet #Rule #hashtag #needs #exist #LOL #joke
Just got out of the shower.. Made some changes to my design on here.  
@mariarosegrasso me too! Loved it and cannot wait for it to start in the fall 
@serendipity85 I know! Discovered it thanks to you.  I think his tweets really sound like how I imagine he'd write on twitter.
Worked out! Feeling great...time for bed 
@monicawright [intl SEO] Done spamming you for now 
Stayed up last night working.  Now, I am going back to bed 
Bought one top  didn't have time to try it on, so fingers crossed it fits. Was v pretty though. Saw a couple of purple dresses that liked
Survived talk last night (just!), almost didn't survive the pub afterwards! thanks @barryclearview 
Kicked butt at the golf N stuff claw machine 
woooooo...rice krispities. Bought new heels for Moscars today. And I'm tryin' to figure out what dress I'm gonna wear! 
Taken for granted, completely enchanted by you.  
Getting excited about writing group.  Walked two miles on the treadmill.  flossing and mouthwashing.  It's fun taking care of myself 
Spent the day with my wife celebrating our 3rd wedding anniversary. 
Arrived at 8am. *sigh* I'm tired. Home 'tweet' home 
@heythereimtori Knew we could count on you!  You're in.  
@purplemoonaries glad you liked it! Spotted it from @calamari  The flamingoes and giraffes were my faves
@HappyTwilighter Not over yet. Worked all day, am working part of the night. 
Spent the night chillin wit my mommy, had a bad day but she's the perfect mom &amp; mad it all go away  or made me feel better at least
Found the alien craft all by myself.  #fallout
http://twitpic.com/661b5 - Bought a new jacket today. And cool pearl necklace 
Say hello to e graduate.  i got my 1st A! Haha.
@StuartLivesey I see he Followed you too? The brunette and 2 blondes on the couch in fishnets? Probably scripted all of us. 
Made it to the gym....finally! Now I'm sore. 
Found her 
Arrived in Portland safely 
Done with the math test. it went well, alhamdulillah! load me some prayers, just in case  http://myloc.me/1XS5
Spent hours doing this damn background image... think it was worth  Whut ya think?
Played basketball for a couple of hours then volleyball till midnight... Imma sleep like a baby tonight!!! 
@jeeeeeeeeeeevan Wore mine for like 7 hours and mine didn't hurt.  lol.
@cwtch Hear here! Stuck in work til 12:30, then have a photoshoot this arvo for a few hours  #photog
Found my childhood photos! Don't ask me why mum stashed 'em in her office. I really don't know. Spot me!  http://twitpic.com/666ve
@wbuechner Thanx for that hint. Seems brillant - and affordable. Bought it right away 
is on her way to the convention. Took a charter bus! 
