Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 94), ('day', 88), ('home', 65), ('jersey', 64), ('reading', 52), ('i', 52), ('time', 51), ('http', 48), ('tomorrow', 47), ('amp', 46), ('way', 44), ('quot', 39)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Middletown', 0.7072737812995911), (u'Cumberland', 0.7018212080001831), (u'Camden', 0.7006649374961853), (u'Fairfield', 0.6955998539924622), (u'Egg_Harbor_Twp', 0.6924896240234375), (u'JFT_Jacobs_Fork', 0.6835955381393433), (u'Chester', 0.6808037757873535), (u'Milford', 0.6762269735336304), (u'Rockland', 0.671149730682373), (u'Lancaster', 0.6691946983337402)]





Also I shouldve Bern asleep an hour ago 
@Kal_Penn I am so sad  Kutner was my favorite of the new team!!
@Kal_Penn you were pretty much my fave...not much reason to watch now 
@Kal_Penn I will miss you on the show... you were awesome!  What a shock!!  
@Kal_Penn most confusing hour of my life. 
Missed the train to York, no Wifi and blackberry battery is going to die soon - not a good start to the day 
4 days in York - nice place. photos coming soon. Feeling sick now though, and I'm back at work 
@colinlefevre still have never done a Brick tour 
Wonderful weather in Rochester this morning  - http://twitpic.com/2y9o1
@tommcfly are you coming to play at Plymouth again this year cus i cant go to the ucap tour cus you arent coming anywhere near me  oxo
Orange juice and toothpaste mouth combo = 
I am driving back to Kewanee to work.  so sleepy.
@dani_seaton sorry to burst the sunny bubble, but pouring in Westboro, probs moving its way to you 
@Jennyc28 I would say Reads of Nassau Street, but that's the Dublin equivalent - copy centre? sorry... 
@J_Alexandria I know the feeling.  
@EWPopWatch: Did Kutner's *sniff, sniff* *sob, sob* leave of the show have to do with the actor, Kal Penn? 
Stuck at Secaucus Junction for another hour and a half until our train comes. 
don't any of my friends want to go snowboarding lately?  oh wait, they're all out west now.  wish i had snowboard friends in Rochester 
Tossing and turning in the bed for over an hour. Reading didn't help..I am terrible at counting sheeps 
@teddpatt aww, not in Hudson today in the city. won't be up for another two weeks 
@Captainwalker Jamestown? 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Parkersburg - West Virginia
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Richmond - Virginia
So 2day is da last gatherin' @ da Villafane residence in Parkesburg b4 we sell it..After 14 yrs of livin' there  so sad!!
Sadly, I will not be able to make it out tonight.  But if you can, you should. It's being held at Media Blaster's new store in Jersey.
is headed back 2 Lafayette...pray 4 my grandma please 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Wilmington - Delaware
gonna go shopping at Kingsway.. all by myself............ 
back in Lincoln and it's a beautiful day people! Wish I could go sit out by the cathedral with a picnic but everyone not back at uni yet 
I borrow a car, get out to Livonia for my WashPost drug test 1hr early, confirmed it yesterday... And they aren't authorized to test me. 
I need to find a liquor store in NYC that sells Hancock's Reserve 
http://twitpic.com/3j60r - In Springfield, Mass. at Springfield College, sitting ON the bleachers all by myself. 
Soundfix in Brooklyn cleaned out of most the goodies in 90 minutes.  #RSD09
@RonnieWK I bought a pair of boots there, and I just got them...they sent me two left shoes. Now I won't have them for Niagara Falls 
LSATtiiingggg  Columbia-bound if all goes according to plan
Not feeling well today   Reading fashion mags &amp; drinking tea.
@dimitrimckay Allentown, PA for a 4 month lease up job. 
I actually miss D.C.'s Metro...especially the Federal Triangle stop. 
This is a night where I wanna run da streets of Harlem but I can't 
I'm at a bar in Huntington beach with @mellowdeelbc watching an STP cover band...thinking of fatty saffy 
Going to sleep, finally, up early, gonna be at the MS walk tomorrow in Jersey! Paparazzi need to cool it with their &quot;in ur face&quot; approach 
@Teairra_Monroe come back...come back...lol 
The new Hawthorne Heights stuff sounds so weird without Caseys scream 
A good night's sleep helped me recover from a very fun day yesterday. Today I take L and her stuff back to Plymouth for the summer term 
dropped my beautiful kids back to their nun  time to head back to Gladstone
yes we have Governor Corzine 
Is going to be sad to leave the beautiful barn she has been staying at in Norfolk  This weekend has been total bliss!
@kokohawk have fun. I will probably be blowing my nose.... like Niagara Falls! 
@sammoran I'm so sad there's no show in washington dc this summer  I'm still hoping dh will agree to Hershey PA. Kids will miss it bunches
@hannah106  i lvoe them last time  in Newport even thought danny couldn't say newport:L
@3doorsdownrock thanks guys - sorry I had to miss your show at Mohegan 
is entering her last 2 weeks of Florence! 
A rainy day is well suited for how I feel about leaving Columbia today 
I had a pizza with stoopid amts of Italian sausage on it at the Windsor - its made me go all funnee in my tummy 
updatin her myspace playlists, addin some of that crazy -ish...goin to Harlem today, but don kno y im wake (only 4 hrs of sleep) 
spending a lovely sunny afternoon sitting inside reading about Augustan building programmes.......... 
Just found Hemlock Wooly Adelgid on one of our young hemlocks here outside Philly...    http://is.gd/tjdv
@hilsa Peabody's awesome!  The two years have gone by too quickly   Are you ready to leave PV?
Heading back to Plymouth tomorrow for a few weeks of solid coursework, revision and interviews 
@Jasper_4ever i know, im really clumsy im scared 
@JulieWeathers Don't think there is a Stanwick, WA - Stanwood maybe?  If so, it's far, far away from me.  
Weekend like this I should be at Killington 
@robcthegeek the annoying thing about the Windsor documentation is that much of it is still &quot;coming soon&quot;    http://is.gd/tpPF
@MrsBN poor Rowan   any idea what it is yet, or just a general virus?
@Tiny_Winchester dude i missed it, i was 2 busy watching da youtube clips on ur site, my sister comes in saying did ya c it, i didnt 
Pleasant, sunny day - what are we doing inside?  
@Monroe110 backs the position are to always be highly valued! Especially when they share food...The body part is troubling me now 
@brianzimmel yes, I believe it is  I forgot we lived in Albany and not Syracuse  
looks like another lovely day in Camden. This weather had better last. Feeling ill again though 
is very very ill  &amp; wants JLS  to come back to Plymouth =D x
@jreng Weds won't work this week - I'm in Tarrytown. 
is 21 years old and about to end her time in Florence 
How sad is it that i'm resorting to being an agent for Avon to get a bit of extra money  bad bad times!
@ryezzzzahh I just saw this hahah! DeLuca ate all my leftovers sorry 
Driving back to Montgomery all by myself. . . 
LOL We just had an aftershock! What did Westlake do to deserve this? 
Power was out for about 2 hours. Comcast cable seems still out here in Madison  Nasty thunderstorms tonight.
 because I'm a safe person, my ego was a little damaged. After a lil reboot, I'll be back to my usual Harlem swagg!
I have to go to Stratford today 
@willcarling you are good with the kiss of death, look what you did to Gloucester 
@lee634 That sounds like a lovely plan.  I, however, will be trolling round Newport with my mad niece shopping - Hooray 
Bleah - train running late so will prob miss connection at Gloucester now 
on my way to Canton, looks like it's gonna rain 
its a sunny day in Lancaster, and i want to wear my flipflops... means i have to paint my toenails  too much effort!
mooooving out of my coverage area  talk to you all again once I get to Columbia
giving up on document work for today... @ 50 pages... getting there! Sandwich didn't help my headache 
Mojos on 49th and Dodge went out of business 
Leaving Lock Haven. 
@wwwjeffmayca  Kentucky Derb? I wanna go!  Woodbury commons shopping today and for the rest not sure but I have work to do 
Mifflin is much less fun when you can't drink 
is trying to navigate around Brooklyn to get home.   *Sharon * ;-)
Out in new York, tired, sore feet, and not enough drinks to hit the minimum tab...college was 10 months ago...what happened to me  lol
Sussex-mtb no worky this morning 
is enjoyin her final days in Richmond with the besties?....despite finals 
I wish I was in Newport 
Richmond lost ninteen points 
Missed the Pike (yes it's a fish) premiere this year 
My neighbor just had a wheel stolen from a car in his driveway  Somerville PD is on scene.
Driving to Richmond on &lt;4 hours of sleep.   it's going to be a long day.
Homestead hollow is cancelled!!  mom and dad coming for breakfast at pancake house!!!!
really wishes she was away from Reading and these stupid exams 
@JohnhampsonUK yepp not looking promising for Reading at all 
@powwelll know the B'ham - Reading result?? 
Lynchburg United tryouts rained out today 
I am never going  back  up to Crestline again that drive is totally scary almost drove of the cliff......*twice* 
No picture for AMC Barrington 30 theater 17 previews projector. 
@tmac91 noooo!  its rainy in Jersey, its nice here!!! grr. lol
Orange tabby, blue eyes milking over, in northbound gutter of 11.   #hburgnews
@JenBrockwell What's up with this fake person trying to be Chester!? I knew that would happen sooner or later 
My stay in Jersey is coming to an end 
@RBjAMS BUT now i am  bye, bye Richmond... LoL
a day without my cellphone  I left it in Fairview 
@Bern_morley uh oh 
@agericsea76 I thought about trying the Dew &quot;Throwback&quot; as well. Wish I didn't have to drive to Albany to get it. 
@adarlingxo might have seen a skunk ape around lake Calhoun. Late night bikes are scary, way too many dead bunnys tonight   smile tomorrow
fly me to Delaware now... i need to meet my dots! 
@rtzmb Where you be?! I ran around everywhere in Steuben and couldn't find you. 
OhhmiiiiDAMN its a nice day for Clifton  and I have a full full day of lectures x_x
Only 12 more days in Florence! 
Off to Salisbury for a look about and the sun decides to go in 
rode our bikes for two hours during the Lincoln marathon yesterday.  It was amazing.  However today, it hurts to sit down.  
Oh joy I've to open the changing rooms tomorow  well maybe it will let me catch up on my Reading at least 
http://twitpic.com/4jhmy  Today we mourn the passing of the Union mug.  He was a good mug.  
No school today because all of Sissonville is flooded. This is sad because now I only have 9 days left of high school 
is heading back 2 new York 
@cubiclequeen I must say, I'm a little envious that you live close to Springfield. I wish I did....I love that place.  I'm an hour out. 
I didn't get to sit with Brandon riding to or from Arlington, when THOSE people got to sit together, and still are. 
MBTA is fail tonight. Gov't Center is closed? Forced to take the stupid orange line just to get downtown. 
is missing Fort Wayne and all my great friends back there! 
@bourgtai wrong Bellevue. #fail 
@YvonneNguyen I wish I could see from Newport. 
Out in Nyack! Phone's about to die 
I'm so bummed b/c the theater company in Charleston is doing Rent this summer and I can't audition cause a) internship/job and b) vacay 
@rhorhomckinnon What are we going to do when Brandon leaves?? Camden is going to lose a little sunshine 
The new York skyline is great, but I really miss my mountains 
So I'm stuck in Watertown n.y &amp; they just repoed my mom's car so idk when I'll be home 
I'm so depressed, the scholarship test was yesterday  Now I have to go to selective or it's off to Westfield's Sports H.S for me 
@GFRoSTY I used to have 3G coverage at home with Orange, but not with O2 
@gfalcone601 I can't believe I couldnt make it to Cambridge !! Will have to wait till they come nr Suffolk again  Hope all goes well x
I'm thinking of becoming a Blackhawk fan 
Passing through Bethlehem. Hitting speed trap zone soon  ETA for durbs 17:45.
is not going to be in Camden this afternoon  needs to be in Knightsbridge instead.
Playing the organ for the last time in Somerville! 
Headed to Yonkers be back later tonight 
@PhilHarrison i wish  i dont know anyone from Venice that might help with that lol
4 hours of sleep all wkend?  in Providence, RI
Just drove from the hotel in Neosho back to Joplin only to discover my power is still out.  Back in Neosho now.  I'm a very sad Rachel. 
Just lost the first race at Belmont 
Quincy just said punk rock music kills. wooo! in a bad way. oh... 
Unpacking from Arlington trip. Packing for this week's  leadership retreat. I'm not going to be home much this summer. 
back home in Joliet, finally unpacked all of the shit i accumulated over the past 4 years...work starts tomorrow 
Homee -__- fuck, school tomorrow   Reading and textingg, blah
@mikahush  if he comes back to Buffalo. Last time FD was on tour, they came..um...an hour and a half away, not bflo 
@iamjersey What's wrong Jersey? 
Couldn't find the new dance studio in Downtown, so no dance tonight  Reading a book instead
is back in Jersey! i miss my girls 
Last night in Bridgewater while my non-roommates still live here. Weird.... 
@TheJamieCo I do miss you  I'm on Levittown exausted
@Bern_morley @fddlgrl it's so broke it took 20 mins for those posts to come thru  mah twitter, she is broke *sobs* #fixreplies
Nearly impossible to get a coffee at Waterloo this morning due to a power cut.  
Is well dissapointed that she can't go to Milton Keynes because she's going somewhere   x
@marionryan Sounds like you've had an awful lot of extra work Marion   But I doubt if anyone has a cleaner airing cupboard than you!
ugh Syracuse weather sucks 
Is watching Maury...shit, I am the father 
Wandering round Brighton. Found a Lego shop. All too expensive  http://twitpic.com/55ifh
why did Kingston wind follow me home? 
@martinlynch We missed the Vermont lifts being open by 1 week   But on the plus side the weather was fabulous.  Random photo coming soon!
Lancaster's River Valley Chrysler-Jeep on list of soon-to-close Chrysler dealerships.  http://preview.tinyurl.com/r87pol
@Violinrcks07 beach? without me?    I'm sad. haha. Cary is so boringgggg.
Thinks Brooklyn Center should be closer to here. I miss my huni 
good night Worcester... prolly my last night here 
Miserable day today here in Warwick  think I'll start planning my next holiday 
Our adorable Shiloh is 1 tomorrow - so fast!  
It's a wet morning in Northampton! 
only has 6 nights left in Lincoln 
I would rather be at the Riverside watching the #cricket, than at home studying  http://ff.im/-2YgKA
On our way to Burlington, MA for Colin's karate tournament. Hope my computer doesn't blow up while we are gone. 
Aw crud looks like the tv mast for Dorchester has gone down  wish I had sky now...
Aw crud looks like the tv mast for Dorchester has gone down  wish I had sky now... (via @ScottGTT)
not 100% keen on Kingston's recycling policy - I really don't like to have to deal with the rotten and moldy food for recycling each week 
Chinese for me to last night was fit!painting my room today  ment to be going Alton towers but rain stopped play 
whAt kAk wEather in Cape town 
@StarsnGuitars Have you got anything that could help me with She or Kipling for Empire cos that's the unit I have no literary links for 
School is over for reals  Fredonia till the end of May then the Bronx for the summer.
I miss Oswego a lot more than I thought I would.. I hope this summer goes by fast 
Driving down to Merriville for some lunch. I wonder when depression will set in today. 
@youromegagirl I'm soooo jealous. Its gloomy here in Jersey! 
@stephenfry I sympathise- the roads to and from Norfolk are pants. I 'volunteered' for an airport run next week  
Excellent day out at Hampton Court followed by lunch with the olds - it all went a bit wrong though 
16 - 5 #Virginia leading #Hopkins at the begining of the 4th... Doesn't look good blues  #lacrosse
@sweetu4ria It rained in Westchester too . It's cold out and I shut my heat off 2 weeks ago 
Someone just came to get my cat (Garfield). I will miss him a lot 
@mjchatter 7-4 Gettysburg  third quarter
Delaware subs is no more  there goes my lunch...
drinking water and processing Avon orders for submission tomorrow.  Not feeling real well today.  
@wannabeosb so if you're cooking tonight guessing I won't be seeing you in Rye 
@HeathersNotBSC I dont haz an Avon lady. 
@Kettums lol, you're probably gonna hate me now for dissing on Bayside 
I am traumatized after Laurel mentioned balls in the butt. 
@mosapp shit my drive to Concord is not fun either 
Weekends are never long enough. School until eleven then off to Mew Jersey for Beth's graduation. SENIORS LAST WEEK!  
I haven't played tennis since 1989. I vividly remember it b/c a smart-aleck Connecticut Yankee beat the dog out of us! 
@jefner its in Reading...unfortunately not a student...or we might have had exam cancellations  lol
is at home prepping for a day of mixing and nursing a sick ferret. Little Rochester. 
@DebiCoco Probably fact  I blame Camden for being so damn good. How was your weekend?
@Kenwood, for my sins  http://tinyurl.com/6n6apk
Dying. *coughs up organs* Need to drive back to Rochester and study for my final at 6. ugh. 
Misses friends  . I never thought I would say this, but I'm really looking forward to Madison!
so mad that I waited this long to book my reservation for the car ferry this weekend!!  Looks like we are going to be stuck in Edgartown 
Really Wilmington...51 degrees out!!! I'm half tempted to turn on the heat. It's f-ing freezing in my house! 
@AuntieAnnes yeah the closest store is 1.5 hrs away in Va Beach  - you should get a store on Eastern Shore, Virginia!
@ChefKathy hmmmm not sure what's wrong, as both Cary and I are able to view them.  
@DaveMora 1984 was interesting. I just realized i meant Catcher in the Rye earlier. This is the prob with reading too many books 
Squeezing back into the Florence Nightingale outfit...a very fluey bear at home 
@naijaboymikey Melrose links don't open for me   mail them to me!
D'oh! overslept needed to be at conference in Chester by 8.30am...will have to work from home instead. More marking it is then 
is very tired but is off to hand in essay then to York for the last time in a month 
@ramsin_taffles what the signing? Horsham wasn't it? awww Leon was cute wasn't he, i miss V to 
A lovely day in Reading. Or so I am told. I have no windows in my office  I hate my job
We missed Gloucester docks spectacular yesterday with Gwok...   http://twitpic.com/5nohq
at work in Kingston till about 6 
Ugh...almost forgot....Jasper has a Vet appt today to make sure his paw isn't broken   Wish us luck!
@ chuckreally I want an inflatable dog. Bern won't let me have a real one! 
Looks like rain!!  in Franklin, WI http://loopt.us/PcsYWQ.t
@euzie  we only made it as far  as Norfolk Sq  nice to be out though
Doing a grocery run. Could be one of the last in Queens. 
Today suuucks...moving out of Hoboken 
is pretty sure it's not going to be #Hemel Hempstead #VTFH  
Late departure from Anytown has neant I have missed my connecting train  on the upside I have new earphones!
is pretty damn sure it's not going to be #Hemel Hempstead #VFTH 
No money was taken from my account for Beacon 
Going home to Carmel today...to study all weekend  Thanks A311.
@SherE1 I'm sure when we move it's gonna go in my topless brad Pitt/j.timberlake poster pile.  those I can't have on my walls. Haha.
is on my way to Baraboo, WI for everydays  
Is feeling sick and is very bored. Reading a few chapters then trying 2 get some sleep 
@derekbradley raining in Norwood now 
Just as Jasper starts loving me again (or as close to love as a fish can get) it's time to clean his tank. I'm sorry, fishdude 
just getting home and wishing she was back in Richmond with her friends...miss you so much guys 
Hard to believe that only a few days ago I was soaking up the sun in Niagara... back to the sweater today 
I just wasted half a burger and fries from in n out. That now is being devoured by Hermon. 
misses JMU/Spotswood  &lt;3
@Twasbrillig I am very sad that I am not one the reasons for you to like being in Oswego. 
I miss Cary and want to drink some chocolate milk with him. 
@acmaurer No wonder I didn't get into Urbana  
gettn ready to take a trip to Jersey my dad's not doing so good, he needs a new heart~whoeva see's this please say a prayer for my dad 
I'm so disgusted that my assumptions regarding what happened in Harlem last night were 100% correct without reading the story first. 
The Oddo's grandfather passed away in his sleep 
possibly going out tonight; is there ANYTHING to do in Lancaster? I miss Baltimore 
@Flamenkers I send messages to greg all the time, no answer  its ok I still love o &amp; a, goog luck with your move to Erie.
Off to meeting in Lincoln Square, bummer, no more free parking 
last day of Bedford County History with @corriemichael  gossiping and twittering away as usual...
@fletchernet i help represent high profile actors for their tv/film/theatre careers so get free tix.. but not for Jersey Boys.. 
@KissofJudas  Lupo's is a bit far for you methinks, luv. They're an hour out of my way in Providence. I love Providence.
@SpinachPuffs yeeeeah . . . and it was in into too  seen Empire top 100 computer games? http://www.empireonline.com/100greatestgames/
@SpinachPuffs yeeeeah . . . and it was in intro too  seen Empire top 100 computer games? http://www.empireonline.com...
Its raining on Staunton again, We need the rain, but that just means Ive got nothing sitting outside for people to see, 
@johndpoole Not here in Stamford. 
Its raining on Staunton again, We need the rain, but that just means Ive got nothing sitting outside for people to see, 
is not running in the Annapolis half marathon this weekend because i failed to meet the registeration deadline &amp; its completely filled 
is in Milton Keynes , leaving tomorrow 
Headed back to Pulaski 
I'm not a fan of all day trainings I Novi. I'm one sleepy girl. 
@SidanArchion It's all over now...now I have to go talk to people in Melrose...cashier, registrar, etc. All those unfun places 
I already miss my Mohawk. 
Traffic backed up inbound Lincoln tunnel 
@foursquare any chance you'll have  a Madison, WI location soon?  maybe too small... 
Leaving Wildwood tomorrow  but Luke says we will be back soon!
@Maxicatimus Miles from you   I'm in Essex so give me plenty of warning so I can arrive in time to get at least one of those free beers.
@VintnersCellar If only they weren't in Shelby Twp 
@glennbeck Missed your show tonight   Just HAD to go up to Lake Erie and enjoy the quiet!
It would be that Dover race that they played on Classic. 
Just realized all his fantastic nerdfriends no longer live in Rochester 
@inkyoctopus I always forget SOMETHING when I travel. I am at Newark airport. 
@torie007 yeah, and now you live in the 'hood! I never would have thunk it  What's up with these shootings in Belmont Shore?? Sheesh.
Just got back from my sons baseball game -- Channahon 10, Cats 6 
Taking the long way home by accident  Here is proof you can buy anything at Canton!! http://twitpic.com/68853
@percussionpanda yup ur right they came and did promo shows in l.a and new York but they didn't get enough buzz I guess 
@mamund8394 that's too far from Madison 
NYC - at Hudson Bar and Books on 636 Hudson. We lost two people. 
@taxidermi I was in Menomonie  I am nearly done, they should be up this weekend!
raining in the Hamptons.  
@prokicker night! wish I could be around when you visit Peapack...I'll be in Virginia that weekend. 
i was dead tired earlier and now I caught a 2nd wind!  Nothin poppin in Richmond after 2am! 
@littlefishey would loved to had managed to get down to the Camden Crawl show, but it's a leetle too far away 
not looking forward to having to be in Williamstown before 7am tomorrow 
Looks like the Docker's are going to win, poor Richmond 
@EgmontUSA omg i have to come see you guys today do you have Candor? i didnt get a chance yesterday 
Venice is so expensive.   
Off to work late... Roseland rd is too long 
my mumma got me the new Empire! and a pitta with greek salad in for lunch! having a good day, although no revision 
want to eat a funnel cake. want to go back to Naples 
My last day in Montgomery County...  pew
@katayla yeah...my futon is super uncomfortable. And my good pillows are in Madison. I just couldn't get to sleep 
Such a beautiful day to be sitting inside working  Reading &quot;Among other things, I've taken up smoking&quot;
@cartoono What ink do you use? I have some Windsor &amp; Newton, but can't seem to get it any longer 
I wish I could wash my car...Dekalb Co still @ LvL 4 watering restrictions.  
@allaboutamelia Jersey! im back now though.. eurggh back to work  how has your half term been?
...heading to Philadelphia to take sis to see the Liberty Bell, etc...then she has to leave    i hate goodbyes!
@Kissthebottle85 at first I got excited because I thought that said &quot;a Jersey girl.&quot;  Total swoon fakeout right there 
gonna shower and get dressed and then off to Worcester....to packk  FUNFUN 
@ddubsbostongirl So I printed out the tix for Camden &amp; Holmdel today...then ran outta ink 
Bad news guys... Tomorrows show in Lincoln is off.  really sorry. Factors out of our control. Leeds tonight is still on.
@caspararemi oops, sorry!  spur of the moment decision earlier (plus I went for a stroll upriver to Kingston) - did you try SoleTrader?
If the suspects actually killed (or didn't) #Victoria Stafford why don't they tell police where she is? I don't get it 
Revising  Brick structure in the middle of the sump is done and now we have to fill in the edges with soil and compost and move the ball.
@craigeryowens Seriously, Dekalb? Holy shit! I should have known about this earlier, I totally would have gone... But now I'm busy. 
It looks like all the Newport twits are enjoying the sunshine, very few tweets today  what have you been up to? Http://the-port.co.uk
Springfield shelter's &gt;100 beds and allow 20 sleep on the floor. Ann Arbor made over 50 people sleep on chairs.  http://tinyurl.com/r46gb4
Home to Ridgewood for one of the last times. 
just checked out 48th/Hudson car fire. a beautiful classic car  mostly just singed on the hood, though.
Rahway! If I had caught the right train it wouldn't have stopped here 
@fontenot619 I'll do new Orleans!!! Oh crap. There is no new Orleans. 
@mossyrants @CTrouper Ermm, yeah, unfortunately I'm not surprised - welcome to deepest Norfolk 
is bout to go to Lenox and blow money i need to save....no self control 
Lol have helped my father all day, tierd as hell.. Omw to Marion, have to helpher with her window  i just wanna relax!!
@Essex_courier I'm not allowed to vote  might have to sneak off to the bathroom with my phone...
@stujessica : mike used to live near the Beacon stop    
well pool tome for us was cut short, Madison didnt listen n cut up her feet crawling around 
Sandwich and couscous... 18 bucks!!! 
Tickets for Annapolis trolley tour had the wrong time, so we missed the tour.  
@mikey_nw14 hey!sorry I just got up!I'm sick  but the weather is hot and kind of cloudy!how bout Springfield?
Coming home from the Jersey Shore  I wanna live at the beach!
@ Greenbriar MaLL lookin sappy...all by my lonesome 
I wish I was at Dover for the race 
is liking the sun! But hates exams and the lack of me being able to go to Milton Keynes saddens me 
wishes she was at Hampton. 
no shopping  but at least we get dinner at DaVinci's in Frankenmuth!
How on earth is Windsor &amp; Newton's  Burnt Sienna ink  so dam ORANGE  ?
@OrganicJar I'd be happy to be your date, but I'm afraid the Atlantic ocean protested.  
Getting ready to play for Bayside's weekend services. Lincoln is out of town  but it'll still be a great chance to serve and learn.
In Dubuque checking out casino. Riverboat has been closed 
@BarryAlistair  Orange! I can't get it to stay out of the water long enough to let the paint dry though 
Wish I was at The Clarendon pool right now. Its the place to be. But I'm @ chilis instead 
Ft. Wayne is rolling better tonight. 
ick... i've got itchy 'squito bites from the Schomberg fair. 
http://twitpic.com/6b22m - Orioles lost  but Camden Yards still rocks.
@Teairra_Monroe it's looking pretty bad right now 
another bicyclist killed in Orange County  http://bit.ly/3MfB0
Minella's facelift resulted in a nicer look but aweful coffee and worse food 
is in Alhambra, waiting to go home. No fun/good times tonight 
Taking Kingston to the zoo for a little bit tomorrow, after church and lunch. I cant believe the off-season for football is almost over 
My body hates me  excruciating pain. Last night in Newark and I'm sober hmm
I don't want to see Cromwell's execution 
On my way home from Meadville. I had a blast at Tyler's birthday party! I miss you guys already 
just made it home from Milford.. with no brakes!  All safe and all in one piece
Is stuck at Penn Station till 5am 
@Bern_morley I couldn't even WATCH the last 30 minutes.  Reminded me too much of my collie. 
@Franklin_Turtle I want chipotle so bad now 
Sitting with a temper bed cover over my bed Reading all my p.e notes. I will not be going outside as I do not enjoy the sun 
omg so boredd. I have work today  then me and my friends r going to the chicken and rib crib in Monroe across the street from dunkindnuts
Drinking Orange juice which tastes like shit 
@turpentine2009 Kirkwood was just a god as far as producers went. It's so sad that all his eps are officially over now. 
going to see @craigeryowens tonight, for the 4th time this year! And I have yet to meet him?  Workin all day, then Madison.
@Shay98 And last night, @ddubsbostongirl, @dsbabygirl and I were trying to figure out a way to get me to the Camden show. It's a no go.. 
is in Concord, sick at M&amp;D's house while everyone else is at church. 
I don't want to leave Jersey 
@SusieBaseball The Flushing Flash (email newsletter) had good deals all weekend too. 
Plymouth bound 
@artdork That would be awesome if I was still in Rochester.  I am in Jersey right now. Will be starting a lease probably in August. Thanks
Apparently going down to Columbia for some food and to &quot;test&quot; the new truck  sigh
Is heading back to Beaufort to take Noah home 
Someone come to the thing at the Sussex Library wiff me this afternoon 
@lethalveracity lawl. I want kitties my kitty david Bowie just ran away. 
studying odyssey by Homer 
first rainy day in Florence since I got here 
really excited about Maryland Crabs tonight! but not so excited about having to say goodbye to @hanab.... 
@Mkenn076 bc they're back together. I cried for Jasper though.  I'm such a sap.
it was climbing beast hill into Gorham, dropped into third chain ring, chain got wedged in between chain rings, pedal locked, me fall 
Cook Out is actually in Burlington and it's a 30 mile drive. I just can't justify it  Someone make a google map with all the locations pls
@dougiemcfly please come to Plymouth on your next tour, they're the only concerts in aloud to go to  and i'm getting really depressed 
@mcflyharry please come to Plymouth on your next tour, they're the only concerts in aloud to go to  and i'm getting really depressed 
Mini vaca over...back to Arlington 
@luisaramirez That's sweet - I just strapped on my knee brace! Probably going to give Westfield a miss today, as journey'll take too long 
the beach and Chester with @spr33 was awesome... he's gone home now 
@takingnames I'd looove to go to Hershey next weekend, but would need someone to watch @guccitheboxer &amp; all friends/fam have plans. 
@macitout   what's the 1st date?  can you bring nkotb to kfest??  I'm trying to go to Scranton but can't find someone to go with me 
Moved out of my apt in Somerville and I'm back home in Waltham...this kind of sucks  I heart my 42 Bromfield boys
Does anyone else lose or crush their sunglasses as much as I do? This is why I have to get the $6 in Venice cuz I always do this 
Sitting in Richmond airport waiting to fly to Newark. Delayed as always 
roadtrip! oh wait, destination: Winston-Salem. 
@MsClovisEskimo crappers. I was hoping to get dinnerthere this week but I am out in Riverdale from 7:30 until 3:30 everyday. 
@mdelillo14 made my day! I miss Keene 
back in Rochester 
Just finished Reading eclipse from the twilight saga...can't believe I only have one left 
studying!!! :S  kanda sad with everthing thats going on  i miss u soo much Albany12
studying  !! kanda sad with everthing thats going on @Albany12
Cooperstown and the wedding were nice, but my grandfather got v. sick, v. quickly. Cancer is everywhere. They are making him comfortable. 
@glennbeck Glenn, I saw you in Rochester last summer for your tour....why are you only doing a limited amount of tour stops this year?  
With my bff gab and I would like to get my Monroe pierced 
@Willie_Day26 Allentown??? I didn't knw y'all were comin to Allentown! ((Smh)) 
I wish these ppl outside @ Starbucks wld get a rm!!! Gross goin @ it n front of it...I don't even want my Carmel Mocchiatto anymore 
And now I'm covered up with a Pocahontas blanket... Its not magical by any means 
@Vanderburgh I've said it before but, you do great work!  Unfortunately, I can only afford good enough work. 
This is why I don't like Springfield...I'm bored 
Hey @teairra_monroe where pleasure went   (Teairra_Monroe live &gt; http://ustre.am/38fG)
Marriott on Pennsylvania Ave, Washington. So far score zero for technology. Lifts ''enhanced' with no internal controls + no room wifi 
It's 7am and on M4 near Windsor and stuck in traffic 
@adrianpesebre Are you sure about this? I dont have Orange. 
@fatelvis hope you have fun, but you will be missing Teller in Plymouth 
French plane lost over Atlantic: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8076848.stm ... I really hope for happy ending 
@kkivett  I'm sorry, I though they from Springfield IL, haha!!! Slots of Springfield I'm confuse 
@hayles The Atlantic's a big place 
apparently a plane has vanished over the Atlantic... 
I feel so bad for the people on the air france flight that &quot;dissapeared&quot; this morning over the Atlantic 
Walking to my summer job just like Abe Lincoln did. But he died 
Camden and atlantic city blink sold out before i got my tickets.  Fml.
#airfrace447, 228 people over the Atlantic, missing 
@I100 A plane went missing flying across the Atlantic , maybe hit by lightning, no one knows yet 
That's #airfrance447, 228 ppl, missing over the Atlantic, 
On twitter everybody talk about the Atlantic...I don`t get it 
@Frederick12 why? But you agreed that you'll do it on msn 
@EstefaniaN that is so sad   poor Crofton.. such a nice place to live!
it's a cold and rainy day here in Florence, looks like it's autumn again 
Grenade in Warren County turns out to be nothing. 
@PortiaFendeman Yes. Prayers go out to those who may have lost their lives over the Atlantic.  I find it disturbing how people...
@bryer  no I'm with Orange - 'xmas my pin' - huh?? no understand 
@AnnabelKaye sorry not to be able to attend your lunch  in York that day
Another gray day in Rochester today.  I want nice weather.
When a Tri athlete has a heart attack  http://tinyurl.com/qkfy9h
http://bit.ly/CCGuz  Reading then..plan a budget for the next FY 
I think it's terrible about the plane that is lost over the Atlantic...  Saying a prayer for the people on the plane!
So the plane crashed into the Atlantic Ocean, presumably no survivors. 
Newton isn't here for physio  senior exhibition tmrw!!!!!!
AF447 lost/down over Atlantic..  what has happened??
Is bummed I can't see girl in a coma at Waterloo today. 
@meyerweb I spent a few years in Mansfield. Those jobs will be sorely missed. 
The aircraft was supposed to be the best trans Atlantic one 
Really, really sad that Cleavland didn't make it to the Finals... and it's now just hitting me. 
Washed Coco's sheets, 1st time washing since losing Chester.....I cried like a baby carrying 1 sleeping bag down to house, it still hurts 
Hot Leg are playing a free gig in Camden on the 18th! But I have exams on the 18th and 19th 
Crossing the Delaware Memorial Bridge...again...in the same direction. We made a loop.  darn tricky google maps for interstate changes.
Off to Syracuse for a week 
@elizalavelle oh right... nope, can't make it - marking up @ York all day 
looking for food in Newport, RI... our last &quot;officiaI&quot; stop before Penn. 
@vlouisek thats probably cos its under the Atlantic.....  
@lilyroseallen Lily, you have no tour dates this year on the east of england in Norfolk 
Another big fire in Longport 
@BklynBckstretch I'm not coming to the Belmont this year.  I was asking on behalf of a coworker.
Franklin is dead.  http://plurk.com/p/xq2m1
Barnes and noble fail. They don't have the latest meg Cabot novel. 
@Jersey_Gyrl   I hope she feels better soon.
Acton Boxborough softball lost to Woburn this afternoon.   Season over. 
Oakwood was soooooooooooooooooooo good... really sunburned though  xoxo
Wish I was back at York Beach. 
speaking of Avon, sorry to @kontinent and @melodymoezzi for my wire spoilers ... tears ... 
@itszMC I am going to Fairfax, VA.. probably nowhere near where you'll be   It was so great to meet you in Lancaster!!!
@jillcullum awww  but he can't die, him and Liberty are supposed to be together!
Wish I could watch the Beacon show too 
I'm so hyper that I ain't Reading tweets right lmao and I don't have my stupid contacts in 
@JesCoolbaugh I hear ya. That's why I'm selling Elma in the first place. 
Misses Sheetz and all the places I was at this past weekend 
Ugh 8:30am meetings suck! Thinking of poor baby Homer   http://twitpic.com/6fwfd
Ugh!  I have to drive all the way to Oakland tomorrow to meet with the Labor Board and the prick that screwed me over!  
@msdymediva gurl I was gonna go to Kingsdom Dominion but I aint goin anymore 
thinking about the ones that died crashing in the Atlantic Ocean... that is someones worst nightmare come true 
The cute guy wasn't at Montague's tonight.   But his #2 was there, and it was sufficient eye candy for the evening.
Shiloh just left and it's actually hitting me that we're going home.. 
california economy news gets grimmer every day.  need to apply for sidejob as Avon Lady and hide in a new classic novel i guess 
@wellsam I WISHHHH. I had to get a place up in Oceanside ;( my parents still have a house in CV, we could live there if it was closer 
Listening to eff tea ess kay. I leave for Joliet tmrw morning and i can't sleep 
Is sad because she cant go into Ludlow to go down the linney today 
@christinedavid OK, thanks. Have to keep looking, very tedious and almost all of Norfolk places on Holiday Rentals are via Hoseasons 
Is going to read her book in the sun.....Reading is so boring without tom! There is no one to look at cute boys with me 
at the time i was knocked out on my bed, my fave pop punk boys were signing in NEWTOWN. benci. I could've been there n gotten hugs. 
AF447 mst likely crashed into Atlantic.. so sad 
@LRon_Jaii I need to be down Richmond Green eyeing up the posh boys 
brr, i'm so cold. at the moment doing my assignment on Huntington's Disease, which is really depressing 
Gennaro wants to go home and sleep rather than baking in the work van!  bad times... http://ff.im/-3uJwD
Another beautiful day. Leaving Suffolk on a mission to find somewhere for 9 year anniversary lunch! Then sadly the long drive back home 
my parents are going back to Jersey today 
Three photoshoots a day to pack and then I'm off to Maine. Gonna miss coaching my Conestoga team  , but that is the only thing I'll miss.
headed back to Jamestown this morning...sad day today 
@IAMChavonStaten the beach? What beach? Is it warm enough in nyc for the beach today? I'm in Syracuse and its sort of chilly 
@bathcsc: traffic lights at Windsor Bridge in direction of Weston/Bristol allowing 3 vehicles at a time.. 
Is hoping this day turns out to be an extra busy one in Jersey &amp; enough to keep my mind occupied &amp; off of him. I hate this feeling 
math exam in 30 minutes !  soccer tonight after school against Gloucester
@schnit I found back roads through Hartford and ended up on Route 15 So no traffic for me yesterday but it still took 40 minutes 
enjoying two rainy days, then back to work, back to Lincoln, and back to no social life. 
@headabovewater dude, so excited to see you in Manchester! Nearly saw you at forward hall in Erie, pa but couldn't make it 
Just went to the animal rescue in Dedham and has a heavy heart b/c of all the adorable doggies...I want one. 
Really wish there were a Wawa closer to my home/work. 
@j2kitty The official Topsail bartender...  that's ok, we're amongst the poor college kid class...
Wow downloading the Pitt and the other add on in fallout 3 sweet but slow 
@jennsbookshelf That's weird especially when there is a HUGE new UPS facility here in Springfield/Alexandria.  
@coletters75 I should of listened to you, Hudson Arby's = tummy aches! 
I love Newark delays 
@OMSVU Reading their trashy comments on my page is annoying me 
headache! trying to get at least half-way done on this Milton paper. then bye-bye klon. 
@ryanmiller new York smells like piss and la is really hot. You lose either way 
Early morning tomorrow. Leaside faces York Mills in the TDSB City semi-finals. Up at 6, park by 8. There will be no time 4 twitter 
@electrcspacegrl  I just tried to search for a Lafayette sound clip but can't find anything.  
My favorite baby girl name is Berkley and hubs DOES NOT like it.    I get mixed reactions of others like it.
Conshohocken, PA has nothing to offer food wise 
@That_Broad damn you sky for raining! I'm on the train going home and someone jumped in frog of a train.  I'm gonna be stuck-erick
@dee_mitch some rich niggas walked in and rented it out. Selfish mufukkas.  we in Westwood on enemy territory
Delicious coffee at Windsor &amp; Eton Riverside station. Now just a horrible journey ahead 
Taking Marion out to one more club before he leaves 
@SuperKaylo I'm in the same working late boat as you. So much for the Bethesda party 
@pattycakesxo And why won't you go to Stratford? 
Looks like Essex will be working on our internet today! 
morning - its beautiful and sunny her in Lancaster and I'm stuck inside revising for exams  so not fair
@destroytheearth we had a WB store in Chester years ago but they closed it  I miss that place
@krishgm  That's sad....And I'll be on the Normandy beaches then! 
Last day at Windsor 
@astynes I'm just hanging out at my desk here, and you? I also wish I was at home.  Reading or something...
Oops. Didn't pull my hand out of the way of Dodge's mouth when he jumped up to grab the tug-of-war rope. He has painful teeth. 
@TMirock ooooh lovelyy *_*  but dont forget Jersey, and i have the biggest new EVER for you dear bass player... 
Checking out Sussex campsite availability. Not looking good so far 
Its weird giving Autographs, but cool lol off home now before I head back into Worcester for guess? More training 
I've just realised that I am in Pembroke/Rathmines Ward, which means I cannot vote for @mannixflynn 
Missin out on the Thunderstorms moving thru Eastern LA County and Orange County this mornin'.   http://twitpic.com/6j6z6 http://bit.ly ...
Last night was too much fun...last day in Madison  I don't wanna go
 work rawr. I showered Jersey yesterday with volumizing shampoo. She looks like a lioness!
@wishishere they are FIRE! But naw we don't have those  where was u at? Paramus?
@sarahinatl I went to Lock Haven University in Pennsylvania. I just graduated, so I'm an alum now 
Brick breaker makes my phone freeze up this makes me frown. 
@belinda_c  Morgantown is like the ultimate dead zone!! It is so frustrating 
7 days of amazing sunshine in the land of the pasty and now back to Rainy Abingdon 
Oh Jersey, why does no one (JoBros ) come here 
@barrypeters It is 6/24, which I know is not good for you.  We may have to have coffee afterall. LOL #Doylestown
@heylush333 don't worry it's not just Broome county  let's move to Cali?
I actually wish I was standing in a booth handing out fan cards in Pocono right now! I miss my Ask team 
ugh... Richmond walmart and Hastings didn't have Sims 3... thank god for Berea walmart but now I have to go work another 10 hour shift  
this is my first year in 10 years missing DMB in Hartford. 
Visiting Farmington was actually kind of sad, there was like no one there! 
@Nudibelle I'm on the way to Wilmington. I'm going to lay on the beach and get a tan, I'm too pale.  I don't got no damn gut!  ok.. Lil 1
i wish it was sunny here in Richmond  i want to go for a bike ride but not in the rain
Is moving office...Woodstock is the new Roswell 
Todays Show in Leechburg dropped as well as the 20th  but the 26th is still on!
awwwww man my TCBY is damn near gone n I want anutha one... ~tears~  what am I gonna do its only in Stamford
@LessyAngel yea, t- ray is my new homie u abandoned Canarsie. 
@JayUlrich a substation or something that brings power to Tenderloin and surrounding neighborhoods  I am sitting in the dark by the window
@bathcsc 2114 (Westgate Bdgs) 14 to Weston did not turn up  Lady has been waiting there since 2050 and saw no 14s.. 2144 arrived late..
There will be no show tonight  Come see uson Sunday at the Somerset Patriots stadium in Bridgewater, NJ at 12:30 pm!
@Voltcap 2AM delayed arrival into Newark on Continental - the joys of air travel 
I have so ignored my customers this time around  its cool yall... The Avon Lady is back!! What yall need?!
Ross, I am in Burlington VT today and just got your twitter update.    Any news now?  How Serious are things now?
i miss going to shows  in Petoskey getting things for Britt's wedding.
excited about the blue Plum, hope it doesn't rain though 
@dice30 I used to rock out at the Babylon club and the sky bar, the odyssey (winston) ....but those days are long over. How sad. 
just got back from the beach! WAHOO! didnt have enough change to stay longer  totally forgot! but it looks like its gonna pour any minute!
just got back from the beach! WAHOO! didn't have enough change to stay longer  totally forgot! but it looks like it might pour any minute!
's train was cancelled! Decided to hop a Trenton EXP and bail at Newark. I really hope they have ANY trains there going home 
@EmilyMakar awwwwwww i miss NoDa and everyone in charlotte  
@ginagirl916 yes!!! so awesome!!  i hope it's not just dew for your sake!!  &amp; maybe you'll get better seats--shoulda gone for Mansfield 
Today's weather TOTALLY reminds me of Forks, Washington weather!!!! ........ Does that make me a loser? 
Listening to Bowie with my best mate. He's not sold on twitter yet 
@J_Alexandria thanks i can watch people who actually are good at these games unlike me 
519biz sends its condolences out to the family that lost their 2 year old child near Hwy 89, Shelburne, ONT 
Aww, there's an old guy crying on the news. He fought at Normandy. 
@crystalchappell ...I've been sick all week. Orange juice straight...no fun. 
@stuckxfixated I already have a set... I used to travel out to Olean (where they make 'em) twice a month... no discounts in town though 
Leaving for Montgomery early tomorrow morning. I'm sure nothing will really sink in until I get there 
I am at Cape Buffalo's for my friend's bachelors party. I forgot to bring my camera.  
is negative for hepa b!! (Chester:1 Disease: 0), still waiting for that ultrasound 
I am at Carrollton Station alone. 
Just g0t d0ne watch9ng general h0spital... N0w im 0ff t0 g0 lay d0wn.... Car wash f0r Salina's travel ball team in the m0rning ugghhh 
Waiting for everyone to eat breakfast!! (cough cough Brenden) colloseum abd roman forum this morning then FLORENCE! bye Rome 
Cape bgt ni, mana abis ini grappling 
Y!:The future doesn't look so Orange after all 
I seriously need some new underwear  off to Westfield to perk up my drawers!
hungry, tired, thirsty, no money  gig in Lancaster tonight tho. I hope I have a good night.
@Brooklyn_4 aww kisses back brooky. Lets go out next weekend to G.A.Y ? Round up some queens haha. So much work to do this weekend  x
@twinkle47 gone?!?! you're an evil Essex wench. I hope you know that!! Biscuit eater!!!  *cries*
absolutely gutted to be missing Strawberry fair in Cambridge today  miss you ppl
Getting stuff ready to go to Kenton for the millionth weekend in a row. I really want to stay home and have time for myself once 
Makers is gone, drinking buddies have left. They spent 30 minutes trying to convince me to accompany them to the dump that is Northbridge 
Working mostly all day  Dunks 11-2, then Prisco's 3-8.
In my local primark. Could have got a blackberry curve pay as you go on Orange for the same price as I got my iPhone for.  &lt;3 blackberry
Headed into Madison for Cows on the Concourse...in the rain 
going 2 Bergenfield in Jersey 4 a 6 year old birthday party so bored 
still really sick, Damian in Richmond, and I'm gonna miss out on Shimmy 
Headed back to Harlem.. with the only attitude 
Camden Rocks without me   ..listening to the rhythm factory sessions instead.
i wanna be in Lincoln, with an ice cream and my bestust friend  i miss my spoon
@Jersey2Bronx it still isn't available in my area! 
long day ahead of me, wishing i could go to Hershey for the night... thats not looking like its going to be happening... 
Belmont Station = good times; hangover not so much 
Seward is so windy  pizza today, mmm! Finishing 'the mummy'.
@lorilorillitu No more Jersey Shore. I'm sick! 
@perrythebirman Wish she could come up to Canton. 
Last time I was up in Hatboro with just the reg girl, @seinman came up to see me 
only 68F in Newport, RI today 
Not going to make it to 80's party in Reading tonight  But at least Eng won!
@cartoono not in Somerset there wasn't.. rain 
is getting a quick oil change and some 7-11 coffee in Metrowest on the way to Brooksville for family time  #fb
Madison does not like to swim  http://twitgoo.com/ofb6
@tmere Yes I always buy a bunch of it when it hits the shelves. I'm really disappointed in the Orange Peel ale though 
Now walking UP crescent heights. No cum this time  gonna shop on Melrose today with @amber_nicole3
It still sucks that I weren't allowed to go to Normandy with school because the bus was full &gt;.&lt; everyone says that it was awesome 
Just went through my sent messages and realized what a drunken train wreck i was last night   *Relly Rell*
Wow another anniversay for Normandy, so many years ago and it looks like some of us still haven't learned that war just ain't worth it 
I wonder if it's raining in Mishicot too.... 
@joeleck   no Delaware ? LOL
@t8designs re: the taing of Pelham 1-2-3 - yes *sigh* and it looks pretty dire, if the trailer is anything to go by... 
We had to put down our prince &quot;Garfield&quot; this morning.  He was our 14-year- old kitty and was like a member of our family. I am very sad 
can't believe Homer's mum died. 
misses college. I love being home, but part of me is definitely missing when I'm not at Ringling. 
TV can just suck it today.  Hiawatha is gonna try and find someone interesting to do......oops meant something not someone. lol ;)
Waiting for the Belmont Stakes to start. It's the only triple crown race I've gotten to see this year  I miss riding.
Waiting for some decent pizza in Brooklyn...Grimaldi's lime was a little out of hand 
Going to get some dinner, last night in Naples 
On the way to Walnut. I'm sleepy 
Brooklyn bound I go. No MAC purchases for me today 
Rochester sucks.  Listening to Howie because stupid TV channels decided to be cool and not pick up the PIX game 
And stupid me to pick Dunkirk to win, me and my ego couldn't just bet to place and make a little money, now even with a 2nd place I lose 
@lalulorlor I wish I could just drive to new York. 
Night 2 of @davejmatthews in Hartford with @deblicious @dmbbartender34 and Nak, my 31st show but sadly it's my last show of the year 
Malden? I really have to pee and I'm sitting in traffic 
Coming home from the Belmont my horse naturally lost 
@roscosblog Belmont Stakes is a horse race - and dang it...I missed it 
@ericainwondrlnd Nashua dude. I counted on being able to spend today packing but I have no more boxes 
Watching the Victoria Stafford memorial on tv. I should've been there. It's making me cry. So sad... 
@eloisssee I know I'm gonna miss Chester.  he was 16(x7) years old. Lived a longgg life.
@irisheyz77 Ahhhh cool.  I grew up in Andover only left a little over 5 yrs ago.  I miss MA 
She drives me insane...her friends and family should've taught her a little more about love (stealin lyric from Bayside) 
Newark day = townie overload 
@TwiStedCoVerGrl I went to the Estero show in March.  There were 8 break ins. THIS IS PARADISE! Imagine in Camden w/ no lights? 
@MelFresh27 meant to be meeting friends for drinks in Windsor at 3pm, so sadly no naps for me 
is up in Wausau with the parents - dad had emergency hand surgery last night 
@PivoProsim I live in Gettysburg now so it's closer than jersey but still far from Pitt 
waiting on my cuzzo to pick me up.... ugh! Roosevelt is lonely in tallahassee 
@JoiseyDani Sounds like a good day. I missed the Belmont Stakes tho 
Hey I just came back from Darien lake it was fun!!! But the least fun was losing my moms phone in the thruway... 
I wish there was a Whole Foods in Lancaster 
@Ringy_  i was supposed to go hang out down Corydon tonight. Sickness ruined that.
I'm in this club in Hartford and shut is still the same lame 
Going to bed, interesting night avec sylvie, nick, alexx, et others. I got kicked out of Wildwood Highlands wow, pens sucked 
Finally home. Training at 10 am in Waterbury tomorrow. 
@DonnieWahlberg it was a great show but sad to have missed Sexify  was hoping u would at least do it on the main stage. Can u at Holmdel?
needing sleep, but staying up. Columbia is so lonely.  I do love my Charlies though
@debratan aww I love melrose. Melrose kills me (financially) everytime  we'll go 2gether next time boo&lt;3
Livingston my roomate has still not made it home  http://plurk.com/p/z1geq
Not looking forward to another train journey back to Plymouth with the kids this afternoon 
Miserable day in Suffolk 
@stephenfry Please remind me why Norfolk is fab as its abit wet at the mo &amp; uninspiring  Presently in Suffolk driving back home with kids!
and I am up to date! - Marysville looks even sadder in the half-light of dusk   - wish I had come up earlier to avoid the streetscape
is looking forward to Windsor Races tomorra, whoop! But is gutted she missed out on free tickets for the 15th sniff sniff 
@freakycat Crossfit class learning squats and kettlebell lifts in a wild and overrun scout's hut in Greater London, next to Epping Forest 
Shellys gone home  - Milton revision to get on with for tomorrow..
@beverlyinart Am I too late for Venice beach?.... That's what I thought. 
off to Niagara Falls to attend &quot;In memory of Tori Stafford Day&quot; ... 
Oohhh to be dancing to hideously marvellous 80's music whilst watching Bowie work the lycra tights on the big screen  I miss out ...
Almost leaving Farmington, CT  But going to new haven soon!
@mjanofsky My last day in Williston is on Saturday. I'm going over to the Plattsburgh store. 
Is disappointed about the 2 shot defeat to Kent 
Does not feel like driving back to Harrisonburg 
She drives a vegetable car...diesel, mercedes, green two door...gaa, I miss Franklin. 
whew wat a night i love my girls!! we had a blast!! now im dead ass tired &amp;do not feel like drivin all the way to Brownstown 
On my way to the York bus station. 
I have to cut grass. Raychyl: sorry I didn't come by, Edison wouldn't walk any further. 
is getting ready to go to Bethel 54's last meeting ever. 
#Halifax #MetroCenter #CirqueDuSoleil how many of you Haligonians on Twitter made it to the Cirque show(s) this weekend? I Didnt 
having a beer in Northville... Rich is sad they don't have wifi here.  
I wish #Upperville would get the audio level sorted.  The sudden jumps in volume are waking up my poor sick cat.  
Heading to Thorntown. 
Brian's car has a huge scrape on it after using valet at Channelside last night. 
@amandabynes It was raining here in Liberty, MO earlier this morning, but it's now sunny &amp; muggy. 
Just in from Madison..laying down until work time 
@bluenilequeen ur going to Hampton Jazz festival too? I was supposed to go but my ride decided not to go  so ima miss yet another show ...
Awwww... I feel so sorry for the Jews of Venice 
looking for my missing dog Fiocco 
Today is the one year anniversary of Chester's passing.   http://bit.ly/8XoGD
@Redbullairrace I moved out of Windsor to AbuDhabi in march...i missed the race both ways 
Heading down to Jersey city why? Cause i can thats why  hate it
@writerchaz except there is a rampant problem with crummy landlords renting out apts in houses in the elmwood/Richmond area... 
@BrianDunning Ah... sadly, we don't have Netflix on this side of the Atlantic... 
wishin' he didn't have to go to Lincoln. 
@tscholesfogg Not officially- only York still to be counted there and all signals say so 
@jill777 mohegan next thurs! lol or mansfield on fri. I think those are the closest ones on a weekend. Saratoga is on a tuesday 
I wish I could go to the flea market in Montgomery 
@ucancallmejilly oh fudge! I've been packing and getting ready for Keene/Walpole all day  Where are you going to be this week?
On our way home from #wcchicago - been driving 12 hours and we are still 3 hours from home  LOL good times tho!! Reading tweets!!
@chadwampler were in Everett now 
will be working at the Orange County Fair, sadly that means (maybe) no Sonoma GTG on August 1st.  
why cant Norridge illinois be the next town to mine so i can go see @emokidisme whenever i wanted 
I want some Sonic but there are none in Brooklyn 
Little on edge, looking forward to a week of cleansing and working in the studio 9-5... now I nap. @Jevir so sorry about Venice  tomorrow
Moose lost. I'm going to have to boycott Hershey longer than I thought I would. 
@Eritzawrotethat lol, all the pricans are gettin ready here in Harlem.  I wanted to do the festivals this year but I have to work 
@geekbeer I'm jealous! we still can't get @newbelgium in Jersey  
What is going onnn in Hollywood. Highland is backed up  I just need pants for work tomorrow
Wahoo half a game behind the Pirates! hmmm wait they are usually in last! 
@Killaya no let it out, I held it in after the Fort Wayne show and that wasn't good. I'm just apathetic about everything right now. 
Jasper is sittin in the window crying for foxy. Its very very sad 
has an appt with the vet at 0830 for her buddy Quincy! ...Poor Quincy 
@warriorgrrl it's a good thing we didn't go back, would've broken something for sure. I stole 3 bottles of ketchup from the Florence 
i really need to see Lostprophets in Newport but have no one to go with 
Grr early morning flight back to Newark vacation offically over  http://mobypicture.com/?k62gy9
My E71 just went into &quot;Brick mode&quot;. 
Off to hand out CV's at the Westfield centre and Oxford st.  I hate looking for a job...
Lecture watched = done Readings done = half Reading over m notes and understanding them + not even started 
@lscity  I just passed through on the way to Parkersburg to see my brother's new kid. We were actually running late on the way back 
@BioTecK  re &quot;Reading &amp; watching pictures at NicoleB&quot; - you are sweet - thanks! And sorry for the late reply  !
don't make me go back to Lancaster 
It's official faith no more at Reading only 2 months of waiting 
On my way to wack ass west Chester urghh 
now that the Rockefeller trial is done.... back to the regular TV news grind 
Getting my workout on.. then headed to Queens to chill. Ahhh shiittt I should be studying for my MCATS.. 
http://twitpic.com/7ef39 - The end of a beautiful day in Venice!! 
Me and @blueskyz just got on the train home that DOESN'T stop at Lancaster!!!  Shieeeeeeeeet.
Last day in Wilmington  riverwalk today!
home from a great time camping in harrison hotsprings, but with a broken Dodge Dakota 
hates having to study in freaking Florence, especially when it has been the nicest day so far here. 
I'm super bummed that they didn't have any post cards left at the Hershey's factory!  sad face for sure! &lt;/3
there are blues off plum island  and at the mouth of the Merrimack
@thepinkc Do you live in Harlem? I miss going to the Harlem Market. 
So tied I can hardly move or maybe I am just really sad Monroe left this morning 
...just rememberd why I usually have Kent do the airport drop offs....she's barely gone and my heart already hurts! 
I can't stand boys. They all think they are &quot;Playaz&quot;. They are so dumb 
@GrandyandAndy Shooting in Woodbridge bus depot, 5 mins. from my house 
@peachlite I was just in Harlem but ur twitter said you were takin a nap. We miss u 
@PRJunkie101 lol. just got off the train in Harlem. I was greeted by rain. I walked 8 blocks in it. 
@NightmareNY Aww that sucks man  If I wasn't busy, I would def go to Dunkirk but I'm with my cousins right now...
Watching hatching pete makes me miss Hillcrest. 
Just got my Shelby back. Partially repaired with new damage  ill be there next time.
Needs a Job in Belleville for the summer... or i'm home for a month. 
I'm  in a perpetual state of being in new York time... Buzzing and wide awake  il 3am most nights, wrecked the next morn til at least 1pm 
went fishing last weekend and caught WAHOO!!! and since my port engine jettisoned half of its internal gears there may be no more fishing 
@palainat I have a potty mouth  That's the Jersey in me
Drove all the way to Livermore ( Carnegie) ohv.  Only to be turned away cause my bike is red stickered 
@andyroddick I must be your biggest fan, right after your semi final in Queens I rolled my ankle during practice  bring on the ice
Lax is yelling at me  can someone bring us beer &amp; a beer bong? We near Melrose
@breagrant Parchment paper is ok. Not wax 
DMB concert was amazing.. missing the amazing weekend in Saratoga 
@ivums awh, that's gay! I need a better shopping place to shop! Newport is gay 
@TheEllenShow I would love tickets!! But, I'm in stinking Rocford IL! Rockbottom, Rockford 
@BellaCullenRPG i cant wait! Jasper complains all the time how we never talk to our brothers. It makes me sad 
After a year in Jersey where thunderstorms are rare, this lightning storm is realy creeping me out! 
@Bern_morley awww  I remember when my mama did that to me..mine was a 200$ hairdresser bill and damn didnt i feel like a chump lol
sorry to hear they've made the 10th fairway at Bethpage reachable 
has to go to Montpelier early tomorrow 
Gennaro work and hayfever....  hopefully new board should come today! http://ff.im/-421j1
@stanmorePhoenix very welcome. When r u next busking? I was on Pitt st on sat but don't remember seeing anyone busking 
@Tiny_Winchester it just let me vote again. i know, i'm pathetic, voting for myself. 
packing up my stuff and heading for Allentown.  I really love driving to work.  
Aw, man. Just as I'm about to leave the house, the sky opens and dumps the Atlantic Ocean on us. I don't wanna go out in that. 
@jordanknight from stage front, u could see something was wrong  feel better! backs suck...Tri's-no prob; walking down stairs-done 4 a wk!
@mikki1950 - I have to go to Dover to meet with the Minister. 
Are we serious Monroe County? Jury Duty today yayyy 
@neuralgourmet Why yes it is! I believe the Overlook B&amp;B is included in a book about ghosts in Cooperstown. I've never see her. 
Beacon with milk chocolate.. What a weird combination for dinner!  I hope theres an organization dat concerns abt poor kost ppl's life
Tired. Ready to go home and I've only been here for 45min. I think it's because I have to go to Alexandria and Jasper. lol Many tomorrow. 
@LolaAM hey girl , I saw ur bridge pics yesterday, u are brave , I would have Bern shitting bricks 
@lbeav Does this mean you are no longer in Sterling?  I was hoping to get to see you 
@carlamay77  Scranton. I didn't wind up going to Holmdel ... was so sick last weekend plus my friend got stuck at work 
PLEASE follow peterfacinelli. He plays Carlisle in Twilight! If he doesnt get 500,000 followers by June 19th he won't be Carlisle again  x
@therealoneil I'm sorry.  It seems a lot have been killed from Salem.
It's hit me this time around that I miss new York. And miss living in a big city. 
Driving not only to Palmdale but to Lancaster today. 
getting the remainder of my things from Jersey today after work. 
I wanna go to Venice but I have nobody to go with 
Driving to Atlantic to pick a car n drive back 
still in Falmouth but hoping to get the hell out of here soon... far to many problems today 
@DMBSFgirl they play Hershey the day b4 we head home but it's about 3 or 4 hrs from where we'll be 
One Vineland down, two meetings to go.  visiting houses tomorrow.
Going to Grand Haven to the beach with my boy, he leaves for Alaska tomorrow 
@jenleduc Richmond is about 2-2.5 hours away  but thanks for thinking of me!
@reesecup60 yeah I was @ Hampton before lol now I have to go 
@tiffanyleigh sucks, i can't download Kent from itunes anymore.  they're not on there! i wanted to get the cd you suggested.  
I dont wanna Orange life vest and orange floaties to come back 
Off for food then to get ready for last show tonight - Saratoga, back home tomorrow  x
still havent found Victoria Stafford body...so sad  Wish they could find her to help put family at peace.
@RetroPopMe shyt chillin.. missing my Mohawk...  lmao
Almost 3 weeks eating Turkish food and my stomach holds out, only to be foiled by a fucking Subway breakfast wrap in day 1 back in Bath! 
@cewegokil24 me too  word: Chester
Last day I'm going to be able to come to Rosslyn! 
sitting at work, but would def rather be playinggg in Georgetown 
at the Arcadia office.... 'Nuff said 
System reports Hershey requests maintenance. 
In Harlem@ Tonistouch day spa I heart these ladies... Waiting on sum food b/c I may not make it thru my manicure with this empty tummy 
I don't think I've gotten any work done today...I should have just taken today off too and gone to Saratoga to see @NKOTB.... 
yo theze Jersey cop are really getin it popin today they are pullin everybdy over  
found out that you can't make a u-turn within Franklin city limits 
Why am I back in Wrentham? I wanna live in the city forever 
Ridin around Erie laughin at the bullshit ass people that live here. I'm tryna take pics to show ya'll but my camera slow. 
@dhlawrencexvii I wanna be a Frederick's of Hollywood bra!  pweeeese?!
@HannibalKings2 Now I did see Amistad, I don't remember why though...But I'm not a big fan of the slave movies, they just piss me off. 
@TIBlockhead At least she did Scranton. But she didn't get Joey there! 
Yikes, the turn out for tonight in Saratoga, it doesnt look good 
on my way back from Cape Vincent  for my last voters for wind meeting 
Wow Lakewood near longbeach no!!!!! 
Really confused about the mystery meat in her won ton soup... Garfield is that you? 
Just met up with @DiddyofPR at Cipriani after a long day at work. Missed dinner w/ my girls earlier tonight though, 
Damn font on NFL live is sOoo small!! Its small!! P.S. Gizell, looks like uL have to burn ur Marshall Jersey along with my Cutler Jersey 
I missed Hawthorne  .....was it good?
bored + lonely in Lakeland  come visit! plenty of things to do here, and a spare room. Busch Gardens was awesome today.
@LeaWhiteFeather that sounds really yummy! I miss Jamba juice, Lincoln doesn't have one 
So today's insane weather knocked out the power for everyone on my block.  good news: I bought the sweetest necklace today in Cassadaga!
fucxx its Brick outside 
is upset that i got lost leaving Bowie. 
Hawthorne league starts tomorroe,  course closed today cuz of rain 
Morning World  sun not so shiny in Somerset today 
@Rafael__ it was a dude from new York on eBay ..he only had a 10.5 ..if it was 11 I'd be all over it ..but after seeing @bckwild  deal 's 
its Orange wednesday and andrew picked!  hehe
A bit cloudy in Plymouth today. Could have done with sun for open day 
Missed 1968 .. wasn't born  but 2009 is making up for it \../ Woodstock rerun anyone?
Oh deary me all us shop stewarts r being called in2 our Branch in Liberty Hall for crisis talks. . This can't be good 
Here in MS Reading, what a rubbish drive in this morning 
Homer has gone home  and now have to mark maths exams, boo
I wonder why no one is expressing interest in my apartment in Somerville. 
Having such a fab time. Did I mention I love Cambridge? And must I return to York tomorrow? 
It is raining  .I speak my mind: I love St.Petersburg, but i can't stand Petersburg's weather.
Canton apartments suck! And if they don't such, they don't allow dogs!  Maybe Lakeshore for another year...
@shawnee_dj lmao, nahhh Shawnee loves the rain ;) I'm running out of texts fast D: gonna have to cut back so u have some for tour 
still hard 2 believe it's 3 weeks today I lost Chester, there are times I expect to hear him chewing on his cage  http://twitpic.com/7m8eg
my Kingston has cat flu 
On train back to York now, but due to 'a defective trolley' there's no tea or coffee on offer 
@funkysoul sadly @nothingagency never sent back the clowns from Bern I sent them I while ago 
Syracuse trip post-poned 
Watchung the new programm. Allways the same old stuff 
Columbia has four riders in this group.  No @ghincapie   I think that last rider I saw was Kirchen.
At a board meeting for Vermont Hand Crafters...got the start time wrong and I was 2 hours late. 
The Oberlin Scion's battery is dying from lack of use  I need a person there who I can call when there's an issue like this.
Saying goodbye to Springbrook for the summer  #goodbye
Feeling guilty coz I shut Rochester in the kitchen all day. He raced to use the litter tray and drink some water when I let him out 
@brenyeo We sometimes rotate going back to Southbridge but for some reason, my colleague's going back nxt wk 
@jewelthinks  I been in Montgomery since the storm, my house was in gentilly and we had to tear it down,tryna find the $ to rebuild
have to go to Richmond tonight...  boo!
iPhone screen broke!  it still works fine, but a 3G I will still get! in Hillsboro, OR http://loopt.us/RWgw6g.t
sitting at work twittering..... we got some of the best pizza in Ellsworth Maine and it seems that no one knows we are her 
@kirstiealley &quot;Pelham&quot; remake is not a good movie 
@kilamarie Awww  I hope @30SECONDSTOMARS say something about the digital summit soon! (Normal people soon, not Leto soon.)
@boobtubious That's how we roll in Montgomery County!! ;P - sorry to hear the $160 fine!!. 
#dc Just got stuck on a Metro train directly under the Potomac while techs worked on a problem.  Exciting 
Trying to potty train Madison but she decided someone else needed to learn. 
p.s. @denycelawton the Common's in the middle of Largo is gone..sadly..they turned it into Four Classrooms!..it looks horrible!!! 
2hrs &amp; 14min to go. Giants are lookn LAA right in the face with a possible 3 game loss.  A Carmel Frapp and a back massage is much needed!
I'm @ the Mall &amp; Laurens not here working for me to visit!    Not near as fun!
at the library. Reading about history. I didn't study for math. 
I am finally on for frikin 15 minutes and Jasper isn't. 
@DonnieWahlberg i tried 2 twug u last nite in Saratoga but u ran by 2 fast 
Getting ready to go to Watertown for 4 days....gonna miss my babe! 
Off to meet friends in Williamsburg *gulp* first time on the BQE 
in new York but missing Tay cause he's at a show 
Doh! Erie Blvd lanes is closed  off to alternate location for bowling.
I'm home in Hillsboro for 3 days! Then back to Eugene forever to work. 
I wish I was at the Beverly Center in LA right now to meet @MissKeriBaby. Stuck at work in Newport Beach. 
@kokoro_photo I is!  Haley will be half way to Stratford by then 
@bexmarie I love the gofugyourself.com site, the writing is super snappy - so I'm assuming it is them  -- overpacking for Naples 
@DonnieWahlberg have been to T.Dot, CT, Paris, Dusseldorf, Niagara Falls, Darien Lake, Saratoga &amp; T.O. on 21st will b our last show 4 now 
@svensundgaard yeah, but not for Hennepin county 
@charlotteatepie awww. I hate sunburn. But atleast there is sun. It hasn't stopped raining in Radnor 
@joeymcintyre Joe @ktsummer,1 of UR book drive volunteers at Holmdel is going to be missing her 5* tomorrow because her mom is very ill 
rt @joeymcintyre Joe @ktsummer,1 of UR book drive volunteers at Holmdel is going to be missing her 5* tomorrow cause her mom is very ill 
@paulmoores I'm ovenight in Richmond. And I miss sara 
O hi Rochelle! I don't see her tweets. We don't follow each other 
*sigh* I miss that Monroe piercing. If only hubby liked it 
the Venice place called me back, but it's actually ON Venice by Lincoln... 
On my way 2 work graveyard @ Highland  sike never sad when money's involved!
rt @joeymcintyre Joe @ktsummer,1 of UR book drive volunteers at Holmdel is going to be missing her 5* tomorrow cause her mom is very ill 
Just had someone walk up to car in traffic in Annandale in rain and ask for money. Wld hate to be in that position 
Alton towers was amazing! air broke down while i was on it, not good  aaaand its my 17th a week on sunday  campinnggg  xo.
@jskoda http://wvtc.net/about.cgi We missed TechNewsVT last weekend, sorry  I'm in Randolph tonight, and we're going to figure that out
@murfio we already went through Independence, but I didn't see her 
No official delays on my next flight yet, but it's looking like we could get tied up in Newark for a while. 
Experiencing the headache of database indexing. Reading a lot of sql server articles. 
Wx is good to Bangor, but looks like I will be camping there tonight. Bad conditions beyond. 
Working with Joe Shrank. At 239, Lancaster, PA. Electricity just turned off 
@EmiliaSC I was surprisingly clever this morning! 2 weeks emilia 2 weeks!! What am I gonna do w/myself?! Mohegan 2nite tho 
Camp JRF will be opening soon! Jealous that JRF'll be in Jenkintown all summer, while Camp is up in the beautiful Poconos.  Empty office!
@TotesChic I haven't been able to update either because I've been in Gettysburg. 
@Harkenback tell me about. It's murder! I'm down to about 8 Marlboro lights a day - can't seem to get much lower 
@rkipp @gingergibson I would guess only the big cities to start. So sorry DE.  ... but, fingers crossed for King of Prussia.
can't get back to reality, im freezing and nackered! i think i have Italyitas,need to go back!!!  missing Venice!
@iheartrendering it decided to turn off and not let anyone back in.  Chesapeake is here and even they can't get in so far 
@Lizh33 everywhere! We are looking to rent in Manayunk, but now I am so stressed that we might just stay where we are  Excited 4 tomorrow!
outdoor Wilco concert in Lowell? of course I can't go 
Continental Airlines pilot dies mid-flight to Newark: http://wcbstv.com/topstories/continental.pilot.dies.2.1049850.html  &lt;&lt;  
@bearclau Did you go through Salisbury, Maryland and didn't wave &quot;hi?&quot; 
Going down to Reading for the weekend, going to miss @krisbradshaw 
so Archuleta is performing Monday in Wilkes-Barre...wish I could meet him 
#squarespace @squarespace It was raining in brampton a.k.a. Browntown since yesterday 
I swear I feel more than very in Forks, Washington  ... loving the Kate Voegele CD awesome
@jaimedurante haha, come to Jersey?  I miss you 
It is raining at Bethpage  going to go play nine holes and go to work at 5:30.
@djsupernova O noooo  So i won't get to randomly bump into you in the Robeson center anymore lol
@flippy8490 Sadly I don't think Claremont would be rushing out to Shaws to help.  
@jordanknight I didn't get to go on the last one because me and Casey (from Scranton M&amp;G) only had enough $$ for a M&amp;G.  Pick me...!
is delayed at the Newark airport 
Southside brings bad luck 2 Wrigley! 
Makes me wish I was going to Gloucester tomorrow! 
Totally not sleeping yet. Plum juice is awesome, nobody except @crypolly agrees 
The pilot of a Continental Airlines flight from Brussels to Newark died over the Atlantic Ocean today    -  http://tiny.cc/CeZzI
I wish I had a car so I could drive to Columbia to see my baby tonight 
well...finally,I didn't go to the swimming pool because it started to rain..    only the day that I'm going to go it start to rain..WHYY??
Wish I was in Venice looking for my future husband @djknucklehead 
Heard its raining in Whittier  bum deal...
bummed about all the rain at Bethpage 
Duffy - &quot;Warwick Avenue&quot; ...iFEEL sick. think it's time to lie down. 
I wanted to go eat with you guys but my mom made me go to Coolidge elementary to clean my old teacher's classroom 
@killersometimes I'm sorry you're sad.  Maynard was at Wine Library in Springfield. I once again said a litany of &quot;thank yous&quot; ;)
wants to say two things: First, Dane in Madison not the plan, second, Dane plan a no go due to conflict of time. 
Stranded in Newark 'til 11:30 - good times 
ballsack! i think i left my hairbrush at the Franklin Institute. fml, i'm sick and hairbrushless  oh yea, and i'm a senior now
I wanna go to Reader's Haven 
No Kenmore tonight: too late, too rainy, and work is too early tomorrow. 
no more Monroe 
@DonnieWahlberg gonna see you tomorrow night in Mansfield!! i can't wait to see the show but i reallllyyyyyyy wanna meet you!!!!!! 
Heading out for home. No one in Nashua wants to chill 
@KaleiLuvsHawaii just Providence 
@Poyen yeah, stupid haze! oh i forgot to tell you, i won't be able to party with you tomorrow - have a dinner party i have to be at 
@tonyhawk ironically left PA today too.  will be at 1600 Penn tomorrow, but i don't get to go in 
@Ayvii what's tht suppose to meannn???????? Queens don't breed no Grime! Wrong Borough  sorry.
Hampton Sandusky... The carpets are sticky.. 
will miss Nantucket dearly, but also has been missing Brooklyn dearly. it's hard to be so torn! 
will miss Nantucket dearly, but also missed Brooklyn dearly all week. it's hard to be so torn!  can't the two somehow be combined??
@hollowmuzic yeah! &amp; mikva told me no, unless i was on food stamps.  it's in Skokie. come visit meeeeee &amp; buy a flag tee haha
Can't sleep and I'm craving Edgewood Pizza...lol too bad I'm in Nashville 
Starting to pain in Milton! 
@Jersey91 hells yeah! it truly was... 
: So apparently, if a Nassau cop clocks you in Nassau, he can still pull you over in Suffolk.  Good to know! 
@Arraaaaa i miss you too Airy. 
@AIversonBabe yep, yep...i need to get done there and check out their deals...being 2 hours up in Lancaster is just too much gas 
I suddenly miss Ithaca something fierce right now 
Waiting to hear from Clarion in St.George's. 
watched the sun rise today in Venice...leaving on a jet plane early tomorrow morning 
@layerz Can you find out for me if someone on Orange could carry their number across to O2? I don't want to lose this number 
@sophiasayss You were in Arcadia?? 
A.M. walk along Newark Bay, wishin' the best to the Geese they're plannin' to kill to stop aerial bird strikes (like that happens alot  )
Regen am Southside. 
@MitchBenn only ever seen terrible cover bands on the Harwich ferry   might have to use it again one of these days
@doctor_s There's no Wawa and 7-11s in Raleigh.  The closest thing we have here is Sheetz, but non conveniently located for  me.
@uhohhippos And I miss you too. I found something dumb to do in Easthampton, and you are not here, so I can't. 
@skyetetra anything cool going on in boston tonight? Worcester is lame 
It is 90 degrees and only partly cloudy in my old home of Rome today; it is 64 degrees, cloudy and on the verge of rain in Manchester,NH 
and I am super pumped about Port Huron pool parties- even though it is going to rain 
#iPhone 3gs line in Annapolis 32 gig white is gone  http://twitpic.com/7snwl
@pagedancer  hey there! We got someone else who wants to join us for the Reading group. I forgot what day, and when we're starting. 
@buffylhanson they are at Trinity in Denison this year. Unfortunately they weren't able to get a church in Sherman 
Night time? NOPE, just terrifying storms in Evanston  
@khshannon mmm grilled cheese and milkshakes and sunshine?!!! It's always raining in new York  miss you!
Dawn_in_Queens@jordanknight I was wondering that too!!! You don't look very happy in my meet n' greet pic. 
Dawn_in_Queens@jordanknight I was wondering that too!!! You don't look very happy in my meet n' greet pic. 
@C_Salem your so lucky; i was gona go but ill be in Daytona around that time 
Out at Rehoboth Beach, Deleware - and working from my room...  all weekend...  
mannnnn I'm sooo pissed Dalworth carpet clean is here 2 clean my couch and they talkin about chargin $234 (not the $75 i assumed lol) 
@theprobar Probars at Philmont when I was there would've been a dream. We didn't eat many bars then since our lone option was Pemican. 
Anyone want to come over and pull 10 splinters out of the bottom of Lincoln's foot?!?! 
@giraffetweet just ate in the Trafford GIraffe,warm Corona and no fries with my burger  have had better. Service was ok-ish...
The rain today makes me miss the sunshine of Lawrence.  #fb
@ohnoanotherputz @Egare  The nearest Orange Julius for me is Omaha... 60 miles away. 
I am headed to the Firehouse in Springfield for tonight's wedding.....no air conditioning!  
@SFARRMemphis is Jasper still with you guys? are they looking at the two together, would be a shame to break them up 
well, we were going to head to Burlington, but now we're in tornado alley. 
@laceystone Ugh, of all days! No, I will be in Rehoboth that weekend 
@amber_benson Blew off Congress to see you guys @Natick B&amp;N signing few years back (best fan story), don't think I can make it tonight! 
@lillian_wilson I hear ya! So depressing, like 4 days at Avon left! 
On my lunch break looking at all the pretty make up I want in the Avon book but I can't have 
@nataliedaily ooh ooh! even better, can you bring over some chic-fil-a? the closest one is an hour away in Fairfield 
Stuck in a Rockford hotel cause of rain.  No DCI show yet.  
Paying with Lenox (the dog) and sipping on my Summertime....I wanna dog 
Harlem nights is on bet. This is my movie but gonna suck on cable. 
R.I.P To 6ABC's own Gary Papa. Philly and the rest of the Delaware Valley will miss you! 
Wow how time flys when your having fun. Reading a book about the beatles! I just love love love them. I was born in the wrong time 
ugh  I miss Chase&amp;Roanoke soo much.
Ugh, who wants 2 go out in this weather, let alone to sit outside &amp; watch the Newtown Jets play rugby?! Unfortunately, duty calls. 
Also, it's a shame that the first night of DCI is getting rained out at Rockford 
back in Hanover and it's a complete ghost town 
@Delmar_Reno hey guys! love the album! but, I want a hard copy...where can I get it? halfofnothing's store is unavailable  help me out!
@I_luv_spunk After 1 listen there r some songs that stand out &amp; others suck. No Cape Canavral. 
Ugh! I'm f'in bored in Midland...surprise, surprise 
So much for smooth sailing  @ Fayette Dr &amp; Highland Ct http://loopt.us/0LVsmg.t
@blockhead4eva That's sad that songs were taken out....no luck with buses in Scranton either!  Security was ugly   Police made us leave!
Game rained out again  Reading then bed...cape in the morning!
Going back to Richmond tomorrow. I just wish it wasn't under these pretenses. 
Mayflower rolls were yummy, but im still hungry 
My friends wedding was sooooo beautiful! I'm so happy for her! Now to relax...back to Cape tomorrow morning 
Going home from Mohegan - didn't win it big this time 
At Zachs watching scary movies. 
Oh dear, we almost hit a little fawn coming up from Farmington.. 
Emmaus has had a fever for two days and has been crying for three hours. The best part is that we have to get up at 3:30 for a flight  #fb
Missing the girls in Jersey 
@ddlovato I live 20 minutes to Hartford but dont have ticket so I cant see you 
Orange juice is gone and I am sad 
Does anyone remember our class song for Lincoln's Class of 2006? 
Taking monkey to see distant cousins at Chester zoo, looks like suncream may be surplus though 
@LookingForSocks Wow. Gratz on the epics! Unfortunately, I have no sleep to sell you. 
I had to take out my Monroe piercing today for work &amp; I lost the ring!  good news is I found another one, I forgot I had. Yay!! 
Sleepless in Sarasota again. Downside to still being in medical limbo.  http://myloc.me/4Bok
Overnight in Lorain &amp; I forgot my bi-pap machine in West Salem. Can't sleep well without it, so here I am at 3 in the morning tweeting 
looking at pictures from the last month of school and missing 67/69 Pinehurst a lot... it hurts to even look at pictures 
Running around getting daughter ready for Chester midsummer festival - doesn't look like midsummer outside though 
@tommcfly i wish i could be at your gig tonight but im on stage aswell bummer and i only live in Lincoln 
extremely hot in Nazareth... 
G'morning socialverse - cleaned up remnants of mums b-day party - suppose there is no #piraten demo in L:Minden 
@maximumtheali no sign of Florence &amp; The Machines album yet 
Raining in Lucketts.   come on rain you can stop for a couple of hours.  http://myloc.me/4DeL
@jerenyun Would have liked to see more of the Dominion war though 
No Philly trip today thanks to monsoon  Adventure in Harrisburg instead?
I hate being woken up mid-dream.  headin out to Soddy.
This is what I'm doing here (Provincetown) bye-bye Provincetown!  - http://bkite.com/08HTn
Durham seems to agree: nobody wants the rain 
@suzyv the venue you played at in Huntington just closed the other day (the Imac) just thought you'd want to know 
Is watching the clouds roll back into Bethpage 
@fthc Suppose Essex is a bit far for you to venture... 
@PandaDong If I wasn't leaving to go to Columbia in a few hours, we'd be there  I'll let you know the next time I go...potentially 2mrow?
@IrishMel21 I tried mine from Saratoga &amp; Mohegan and it says the code has been used already. 
Parents went to Maryland/Delware for Jazz festival. Jalen is home alone *slaps hands to face* I forget he's not five 
@ReaganGomez Jersey either 
@FrankieTheSats Hope the gig at Hampden was good, my cousin got to go and I missed out!  hehe xxx
@itslb oooo Pocahontas. i was feelin nostalgic the other day so i looked up the video game on youtube. oh childhood. it was sega too 
My Hudson jeans @ nordie's cause they're ripping  we'll see if I can convince him. What could I bribe him with?
i miss Lincoln already! 
I don't wanna go back to Berkeley so soon  I'll miss you Home...
WTF Macy's is setting off the fireworks on the Hudson this year?!? No rooftop BK views bc f*ing jersey gets them this year 
@Spiffums Darn you, Spiffums!! I can't find any in York anymore 
On a plane. Hartford, CT here we come. And of course josh and I don't get to sit by each other on the 3 and a half hour flight. 
@Snarf_Mast3r cancel your gay new York trip and come back. Honestly why are you going? 
@fstorr I tried the first few episodes but didn't get on with it unfortunately  am thinking of starting Jeeves &amp; Wooster tomorrow!
Last day in Salem 
Is heading to Woodfield. I will cry if I walk out of there without a bathing suit.  http://myloc.me/4GwM
@cgornpr  have fun. I grew up in Mt Carmel and spend every single summer day at Knoebel's....unfortunately that was a long time ago. 
@michaelbolton btw, we'll miss u when u're over for course (&amp; @workroomprds)  we're going to the in-laws in Jersey for wedding part-2.
the sun has arrived and with has come a talking Beaver... 
is sad that her parents are back on the other side of the Atlantic 
Mohegan sun isn't shining 
@youngq tried to look 4 u at Mohegan didn't see u 
Saints took it on the chin against Germantown. They were good!!! Next one against Ridgeway could be worse. 
@Salisbury_Steak boooooo I'm in Mansfield and want to come visit but I'm stuck soon fathers day stuff 
Moving in complete. Chatham is hip. On the way back home. Didn't get to see the Lincoln statue.    http://myloc.me/4HIT
@__SallyJo__ where'd you go for Rpattz day? I went to York! I didn't win anything, made me sad  lol
I'm in paris, Quincy landed safely in boston. I miss him already. 
@heckYESitsANGIE Codey has been replying to one out of 10 of my texts. Totally opposite from a week ago. 
heyy. i has sad news. mii kitty died yesterday  he was 11. the vet said he died from a heart attack.  R.I.P. Chester...  ::ilma::
@Kal_Penn this it`s sad....   
Quincy just ate my favorite stuart weitzman shoes 
@IamTam @keamo03 @OvhII miss you guys. Lonely in Springfield. 
sitting at work  left my cell charger in Delaware. phone's dead...
@DaveGorman think @jon_Bedford is aware, and yes, bad timing 
wishing I was back in Quincy 
damn, its chilly in Jersey today 
Labs back-- B's mare tested + for Lyme's &amp; Erlichia (sp?). Explains spiking fever. B &amp; horse both exhausted. Middleburg so far away now 
@ahkalina we wish you were in Burlington too 
Nobody tweeting from Wildwood at the DCA show?  #dcacorps
@Dutchess305 It look very cloudy out here 
@rwang0 The creamery is in a new building. And I have not Bern since they moved.  
Oh no!  Troy Bolton is about to be led astray in HSM2!
reading about Lincoln Savings and Loan. boo auditing theory 
@alice_cullen53 I want to know where my Jasper is too. 
My dad ain't home yet  WHYY? 
In Maine now. Head hurts.  
@zackoid oh no!  thats not good! Where you gonna live? Independence day is getting close! *send pixie dust*
Warm here in Wausau today , did'nt get the rain was &quot;supposto&quot;     got hair cut today ( it will grow back )
At Newport beach. There's a dead baby seal. 
In a zipcar heading home from Jersey. Of course I got lost... 
Tired but cant sleep!  Reading Eclipse.
@RonDance Woodbridge pub. . .damn I'ma be in the chi. . .  so mad. I feel like I'm missing all the good shit . . .
This is my last week in good ol' NNY...  
@Tiny_Winchester if i drop much further, i won't even get on tweeterwall. it's only the first 20. 
Has a sore throte and is soo tired  I cant wait for Alton Towers tomorrow 
I'm off to Salisbury with a gurt hangover  The joys of alcohol misuse!
@kjofficial have you any concerts in Plymouth soon? I missed your last one 
Some photos from the trip to York Railway Museum - not great as it was so dark in there   http://bit.ly/uFQT5
@PrinceSammie I'm a very big fan and I just wanted to know why you didn't come to central high school in Bridgeport Connecticut  ???
Having some foods then sadly heading home from Windsor, this is the part I hate 
Moving out  big change, im gunna miss Worcester
Just been to buy trainers in Enfield and felt more like I was in the middle east. Holiday this year already achieved. Lovely 15 minutes 
Just another day, no Teen Haven next week. 
Leaving montebelluna tomorrow, back to Florence and then home,  almost done, But almost back to hubby 
it's 85 degrees in OBX reaching over 92 today.. nice and sunny.. in Jersey it's 62 and raining.. awesome 
I can't believe I'm missing the PF interview on Kiss108 right now  No signal in Rochester.
Going back to Richmond today...  can't I just stay here? #ilm
Leaving Maine on 95 @ Kennebunk. Don't want to leave 
giant lemon cupcake from Downtown Atlantic was NOT good.  
@katie_bea so sad  can't believe I have to endure full on family functions instead of splashing in the Atlantic. have fun!!
In Venice with a sinus infection.  Here's hoping that my head doesn't explode on the plane when I go home. 
On the way home to the SusquValley after 4 great days in the Jersey Shore. I will miss this area, but I won't miss the rain. 
back in Jersey 
I find that I strikingly resemble Garfield at the mo.. droopy-eyed, hungry-faced and supremely sloppy. 
I find that I strikingly resemble Garfield at the mo.. droopy-eyed, hunger-faced and supremely sloppy. 
@Toriana - muffins rocked, I thank ye.  Suffolk - somewhere near rail links.   What the word for more depressed than depressed?
Home from the gig in Kent, 7 hour journey! Now to unpack and then pack for #glasto back hurts after carrying the band gear 
the weekends almost over...back to Montgomery 
@kittyk sorry if this is a double post  is this the real katherine? any chance of a loving annabelle 2? how's waking Madison coming along?
So now im not going to Lancaster  and i gaudyvo clean more  so who wants to hang out?
The power is out  Trenton says. . .wow
Loving the quiet office today with everyone down in Springfield at the AHL league meetings! Packing tonight... all moved out  Greece in 2!
@rayrod there WAS one in Atlantic Station, and I can't believe it's gone 
@SUAREASY aaahhhh I would totally go to that but I don't live in new York! 
is pissed off. I wanted to go downtown for labhours...but it's raining SIDEWAYS in Hingham! 
@smosh  uhhh  i went to Niagara falls... without him 
This just in: Denny's on E. Colonial drive closed it's doors at 2pm today....    We'll miss them!
@morunning Where's the tour list? Columbia isn't on his website 
Drove down to Newport today, would have been awesome if it wasn't for work AND it wasn't pouring out. This weather is starting to make me 
I'll miss Joseph when he leaves for Lebanon 
@midnitefox that's what I keep telling myself. But Wilmington can be forever from now. 
@peacelovejessxo Aww sorry, but I like the Wheeling Pool better.  You should of came with Edward 
YOO, Metro train crash between Ft. Totten and Takoma?? That's the line of my youth 
In Ripon, WI and missing Madison! 
@Penn_TM i'm jealous - there's no dunkin in the northwest 
What has happened to Sterling? 
Thundershowers seem to be skimming the top of York's city limits... no rain for us 
Home from Ghana and back to sitting at a desk instead of by the Atlantic 
woah woah woah.......why is starbucks all out of Carmel Frapp??? 
@wotto76 I stopped to get gas @ a Cumberland Farms this weekend, but they had no Wotto monsters  I checked!!
cleaning.  yuck. then basketball in Kingsland.
@john_jordan I know.  The sound alone is worth it though. The only reason I didn't go to Colonie (which is waaaaaay better than @xgates).
Queens again 
@Tolsonii getting her the 50 or the tamron 18-270? I have to ship back 2 new York 
@pinksugacupcake I had a slice of chocolate cake with lunch. it's hard to find cupcakes in Harlem 
@scarletfire I don't know them.  But you know the old church that was on Lincoln? I knew the people who bought it &amp; lived next door.
Just gets better  Sat nav not working. GPRS only in Kent, so google maps no good. It's Kent, not the Sahara!
passing York - typed up notes from meeting with senior officers of engagement at Arts Council. Holiday leave over  need a holiday.
@SusanPotter howdy, co-coworker! the weather is fabulous. so sorry about Urbana. 
On Amtrak on the way back to Newark and PA 
Craving food from Osteria della Bucca - why isn't Larchmont closer to Westwood. 
Maury is soo sad. I hate how they portray blacks in this show 
@TennisTim I was so surprised with Blake especially after he played so well at Queens to crash out in the first round 
Orange shop was closed for the season 
I'm in Salem with Cp.  
Is really wishing I was still teaching in Asbury. 
@chasing_thomas Rochester's not sold out  there was a problem with the site :]!!!! they'll be back soon tho im sure!
@Sabrioli 1. Kalamazoo Gazette has my heart. 2. I read the article you posted about CUNY's spending. It's sickening. I'm sorry. 
I feel like a fool dressed like this with this big hair in Southside Jamaica Queens..I don't fit in here 
@sarah_wallace Is your garage locked? Suburban garages are one of the top spots for bike theft.    #oldport
@Bisfor Yeaaaah...Roseville wasnt sold out...but all my boys are going to the one on Greenback 
@michellecpa Ahhh D sang that part to me in Mansfield 
We're now waiting for a rescue engine to come and try to drag us to Newark. Other trains just keep passing us by-- 
Just got back from Plymouth...too bad it was raining. 
I basically have 1 month of summer vacation left in Stroudsburg 
@markhimself46 I knowww it's the worst! I blame my town for my boredome. There's never anything to do in Woburn 
Madison has a runny nose.  Boogies everywhere
@PartnerInAction I'm sorry... but it's not a real quote.  http://www.beerinfood.com/Franklin.html
@foomanizer I love McD Orange drink... what happened to it? 
Waaaaah. I hate having to be stuck at home because there's nothing going on. I hate Jersey....sometimes. Mostly when it rains. 
@MishGoddess that was me last month...I literally thought I was gonna die...u know the swine flu is all over Queens 
Oh and I had to shave Homer's stache. 
Hanging out with my lover before he leaves town 2morow  night twitters!  *Relly Rell*
Aurora forcast is a 1 today and for the next few days after its a 0. 
I'm off to Lincoln today for an interview at the passport office 
Passed out 3 times this morning, feel horrific, dunno what's wrong with me. Trip to Durham cancelled though 
Monmouth for breakfast. There is nothing like a 6am start 
Is looking forward to a wet weekend in Weston 
System reports Hershey requests maintenance. 
Totally regrets watching The Haunting in Connecticut. 
Post office in Borough being gutted and turning into a training venue 
Between T's coughing and vacation excitement I did not sleep well at all!  in Rochester, NH
@PembsDave Builders have started-home is currently a hell hole and I'm about 2 lose power in the next hour for the afternoon  Reading time
@ReginaPizzeria the Holyoke mall at Ingelside, Holyoke mall! that's the closest one to me (50 minutes away)   but well worth the drive
I hope he starts with Margate. I saw a poo in the sea there once 
I'll be leaving the hotel before 8:30 EDT. I'm on way through Erie, PA and onto Niagara Falls. There's a chance of rain and hail, though 
Wallgreens outbid #traderjoes to secure a location in #Clarendon #Arlington. at least we have our 4th pharmacy in the neighborhood 
@SoylentJames Even if it wasn't sold out, I'm in Allentown, PA at the moment. 
Found a brand new Laurel K. Hamilton book by chance at the grocery last night...haven't had a chance to crack it open, yet! 
Is at the gate drinking a tall Carmel frap. We don't leave till 10  haha
Never made it to a tweetup here in Erie.   Happy Day to all the Erie and Denver and Boulder tweeps, &amp; those in-between.
@nothinbthetruth hey man, what can I say, Baton Rouge is a joke. Thats why I stay in Shreveport and New Orleans (chris is from here tho) 
My ears are pure burnt to the crisp after Alton Towers, as is my face 
@WalkUpRadio probably won't come. I'm from Utica  sounds fun though.
@Skavoovee Alread sold out by the time I got back from class 
You guys are killing me by talking  about the Sun just coming  out! Where is it, I can't see it from this side in Norwell MA.  gosh  
@SaikoSakura well crap. can't make tomorrow, driving to Catskills for cousin's wedding weekend 
@MicaR: I saw those clouds whip past Galt an hour ago... But no rain  . . . . .
I just called Buttonwood and they disnt answer  i wipl call again at 2 haha
@Bern_morley it's the weather, petal. don't sweat it ... oh ...  ... sorry ... 
Mackie Manhattan is in the building 
@Kal_Penn I just read about your new job, CONGRATULATIONS!  That's fantastic.
@CHRISDJMOYLES next time come to Hemel Hempstead 
@FUNKISM I do the same when I see Lincoln being mentioned on the weather 
@dcorsetto: isn't the bouncer at the Meck actually female?  funny stuff adorable woman  hows the stasche doin in all this?
going shopping in Reading in bit   and having lunch with mum   now just got to decide pizza or pie place for lunch....??
Coming home  stoked bears this afternoon with mikeyj, Alton towers tomorrow.
@Bern_morley you're thinking about the easter long weekend too much 
Just spent the last hour stuck in the elevator in my apartment building.  What fun...NOT!  Thanks to the Hoboken FD for rescuing me 
@bethanie which is distracting me from getting engrossed in more Babylon 5 (and dreaming for a model of the station itself) 
@cindyscottday That's the other side of Rochester. We won't get that much on my side of the city.  We're East of Rochester.
is staying at Concord for the next 3 weeks and has worked out how to connect to the internet 
Another ducky day: Mass, some paperwork, a little reading, and off to Brighton MA for class (listening to podcasts on the way 
@jasondilling don't expect we will get that far so soon. Only just reached Newtown  how much is the toll?
recreating saturday morning cartoons Garfield, ninja turtles, magilla gorilla, and beetlejuice, maybe some dinosaurs thrown in  
So excited for Adrian and I's free room at Dover Downs tomorrow night 
@minjae Thanks! Yes, I would say that McGill and Penn don't know what they missed out on! 
watching Maury 
@living3368 saw that on the news this morn!  It'll work great to get me through a foot and a half of snow up here in Syracuse 
Millbrook Dogpark meeting tonight at 7:30, sugar and I are going 
Getting ready to take the kids to Maplewood farms, getting the carrots ready to feed the bunnies 
@J_Alexandria Booze heals all pain.   
Another beautiful Bellingham day! And only 4 hours that I have to be inside 
@pulse87fm I'm visiting family in Pittsburgh, PA...and the online webstream is the only way I can keep listening.  
Today was hard but awesome  successfully shocked people with my Pocahontas inspired look =]
I got my Monroe piercing today.  
Newport for the dayyyy! 
Asking Alexandria is awesome 
4.5 hours and counting til vacation...  what am i doing on vacation? NOTHING  Reading, relaxing, visiting my mom, maybe fishing with hubby
@PaulDuxbury &quot;Duxbury's have been here since pre 1066&quot; That's amazing! You SHOULD be interested in genealogy, if not geology 
Fly weather. In my car now heading to Jamaica, Queens to get my hair, toes, nails &amp; eyebrows done. Getting ready 4 this date 2night. 
Going to a probate today for our new colony in Salisbury!  then going back to study for finals and packing
Exeter City take the lead against Lincoln! Automatic promotion is still on 
@coreyhaines I wish I could've come last night. I was asleep in Oberlin. 
Set Your Goals, Bayside and NFG tonight in Philly. 
Travel soccer with G. Belmont today. He is in goal, tough time for me 
Checking out Preakness info online.... cant wait!  
oh and i got my favorite candy which is HERSHEY'S they are awesome 
Is packin up the guitars for our big show at Chasers tonight. If ya like Social D and yer' in Jersey - yer' more than welcome to attend!  
@areaK I also like St. Pierre, as well as BJ Penn 
Going to Northampton/Southwick for the night! 
@saxplaya07 Do not get rooms in Williamsburg or Va Beach--you'll pay an arm &amp; leg...Newport News or Hampton 
Carmel frap and a cookie for the day 
@AlexAllTimeLow Rockaway Mall in Rockaway New Jersey! its a great place to have a acoustic show 
@brinalovesjoe Pretty close to you, I'm in Queens 
Rehoboth off-season...soooo nice 
@annahawkins And their Tri Tip Sandwich. 
Brentwood, Ventura, Lakewood fans, 3 shows this week!   just baked some chocolate chip peanut butter cookies... mmmm.....
@sammutimer Saviour it. Last one for the season, unless of course you play Richmond again   
In Jersey!!!  soon reach BK!!!
Back in Florence... knackered... Oxford-Florence 19 hrs...  Oh dear - school again tomorrow... 
@konghee Thanks for 'God of my forever', just sung it at ALC in Bradford  Excellent song
sunrise in Cambridge, MA  decent set by Glenn though would've liked to hear more heavy tech. officially psyched for TyDi  #asot400
@djwhisky thanks, I bet Somerset was still quite nice 
landed in Newark now! It's great! 
@RealRobBrydon well this is Reading we are talking about, I live here so I should know 
Breakfast is good  6 days till I get to see the Maine!!!! 
@birchwoodmotel ~Strawberry rhubarb muffins sound wonderful! So does Camden. 
@checkers so you need to park in....Concord, and walk to work 
finishing up yesterday's pancakes for breakfast than chilling with my bestest before heading home to Jersey. 
@trinityrev hope all is well! We are living in Albany now... 
@lmhawaii Sounds like we need to make a cheap pizza run to Lawrence, however the Shuttle in Manhattan is way better, it started there. 
@NicoleHage  good luck with rounds 2 and 3 if Lafayette clears up today...rain rain go away 
Going to the Kingston mall with some ugly girls &amp;gay boys  &lt;333333
At least the man utd fans won't have far to travel back home to Kent and other southernly regions 
Tanning at Newport!! I love you @erincalicchio and @marielaperez 
@tuminds I'm sure Hannibal can come up with a plan to round up these rascals 
@KelliKillsModel Clarendon afterwards 
If someone were in the downtown Durham area &amp; wanted to bring me coffee at the artwalk, I wouldn't say no.  
@selenagomez nice! Sterling knight is in it i lovee him! 
@RyanSeacrest random act of kindness means coming to visit me in Jersey...with coffee preferabbly D &amp; D 
Warwick services in the sun 
@jennylau Aw, you're the cutest  Jersey sends its love too, especially some tiny dogs.
The Subway in Lisbon is full of nice surprises 
@martCibe good luck with the move, am so pleased you and Rach decided to stay in York 
@chrisspooner and in sheffield too  must be nice... very sunny up here in York too..
@ChelseaHaskell no it's not. I sent you an awesome one about joey Lawrence. 
@Kogenre is that why you're looking on the other side of the Atlantic?!  *cheecky grin*
@h_han Reading in the park sounds very relaxing  It's something I should start doing. What book are you in the process of reading?
Is off to Burrs todayy 
Just woke up, getting ready to visit my fave guy 2 hours away in Kingston  &amp; Why the hell does it have to be raining?? :/
off at noon today...WAHOO 
@joshwellington ...Or just come to Madison &amp; do it. I'm sure Madison would look better set to music than Homewood. 
@maybelline14 Nice new pic. Great Jersey! Although not as nice as my Volchenkov Jersey 
@docbaty Yup - heading to Princeton around 3pm to see Buxton  so heading in to work early.
Norfolk weather update : the fog is trying to lift &amp; the sun is trying to shine 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/3pf7v - how Venice of you! 
@TalindaB It does. As we could see, u got some cute BCBG pieces in ur closet  btw, is it true tht Chester's closet is bigger than urs?
Going to Springfield for my cousin's wedding shower tomorrow 
I randomly feel the urge to tell you my favorite Mayday Parade song.  It's a tie between Jersey and Ocean and Atlantic. (:
I get to see my Essex Geek today 
@AngieBeyince We finally got a piece of the pie  &quot;Florence your cooking taste like dog food&quot;- That's cause I'm cooking for a chihuahua lol
@Bern_morley Right or wrong, I love me some McDonalds 
@anna_presso LOL... Reading your blog now...  
A respectable enough 2-2 draw and next week is the Westhill gala.  2 hours of standing watching kids football - at least there is a bbq 
@fjkinnit Are you drunk?  Sweeps, basically Rochester gets turned into a big festival for the weekend, all the pubs do beer in plastic...
Just been for a run in Richmond park, going to stuff my face with peanut butter on toast now 
@NinaBurnett tweeting on mine on the way to Milton Keynes 
@johnmichaelpix 140 char is not enough space! bought a B&amp;B, love our weather, Acadia, no road rage or overdevelopment  oh and no humidity!
On my way to Hampton court, sun is out, bliss  v excited as I've never been!
Getting ready then off to Niagara Falls in an hour 
In Newport rhode island for the weekend!!!!!! 
Thanks for all the suggestions! Now I need a truck. Looks like a trip to Smithville to get my dad's truck is in my near future. 
Newport for the day 
@SusanLorelei ahahah....Yes, I'm from near Philly--closer to Atlantic City though..and I was born in Camp Hill near Harrisburg!! wow 
Heading over the river (Potomac) to the musical wife's choir end of season picnic. Yes, I know it's going to rain. Not my choice. 
Walking around my neighborhood putting out Avon fliers 
getting ready to head to Midland with the in-laws for a baseball game 
Finally moving day is here! Hopefully some of ya'll are my new neighbors in Hawthorne 
Hanging out with Cait at the Providence Mall 
Really want alcohol 2nite but skint really bad times =( On the upside this time nxt week ill be partying in Bangor 
Just bought tickets to Aurora's 1st big dance recital!! 
I'm anxious, and this weather makes me feel like I live in Forks, Washington   that combination screams nap time.  see ya.
@sirdaniels come on over! Hindu Temple Delaware! 
so how about i hope on the very next flight to Jersey! as long as im there for the FOB signing at 7 
Hilton Of Whittier 
http://tr.im/kkuT - Kyle Busch is your winner at the Crown Royal 400 at Richmond. Please drink responsibly!  #NASCAR
Orange is my new favourite colour  Totally.
is about ti Wii fit. Then getting ready for Camden day today!! *yay* Outing!! 
last hand yesterday I get pocket Queens and then I blow my stack off with it against top set of 7s the flop..bad decisions cost money 
010 area no more rain  will visit friends on our way to Zeeland
churchh. then down to Winthrop for hitting. meeting at Quaker Steakkk 
just dropped off my hun for the remaining 1/3 of the Avon walk. 13 more miles to go! i'm so proud of her. she inspires me 
i'm bored. haha  @optimismlover hoi,wag kang malate bukas ha! @musicjunkie11 ang chocolate mo nakay' Marion
@jasperhale25 Yes it is worth it Jasper 
@DonStugots Scranton/Wilkes Barre Red Barons was a cool AAA team, until the Yankees bought 'em. 
What am I doing? Reading these updates on twitter..what a bloody silly question 
going to one of my favorite places for food: Essex Seafood 
gorgeous evening in Bristol. Sitting ok the harbourside drinking wine with some of my favourite people. Bliss 
got back from Essex and I now know the difference between a &quot;perv&quot; and a &quot;pedo&quot; 
Eating Chinese food with my momma    Yuuuuum.  I love Boonville.
Applesauce is delicious. I wonder how many car alarms go off a day in Hartford. I also wonder how much longer I can distract myself 
Ms. Marple time 
@treyciford that's why you should stay in Huntington. 
@danecook cant wait to see you tear up the stage tonight at Nassau, Dane!! give a shout out to me and my friends in section 334!!!!!  
is gonna stay in tonight with some movies and some Gambino's 
Queen of Sheba on Baltimore Ave. Awww! I love poets. And of course @mswise in here. I love my friends. 
Niagara was awesome!! 
[i]hello[/i] mr. Lawrence 
Packing up, heading out to Rockville in the a.m....  
remember when we smuggled hot dogs after the football game!!! Fulton:WHAT??!! everyone: hahah nvm justt kiddingg!!! 
@musix220 I wish.  York, NE
Right. Definitely going. Plymouth waits for no man....and the train certainly won't! See you later 
@jp1983 Ahhh Lincoln...i'll run..see you in 2 hours 
wolverine was a bit short. waiting for cat to get dressed then off to York for the day 
is now following Chester Bennington, awesome! 
Aparantly it's #starwarsday so enjoy  don't quite know what your Kent to do but be happy anywho!
I'm going to be doing the FAFSA form today.  I hope to help out in the Ann Arbor / Detroit Metro Area with computers, art, and design. 
Oh joy I've to open the changing rooms tomorow  well maybe it will let me catch up on my Reading at least 
@BroadwayManor  they are a long way from the sea  unless they came from Gloucester docks.
@mrsgizara  we are at FOrt Belvoir, on base.  Hubs is stationed at the pentagon.  I cant wait for pug pups!!  I just looooove mine!  
@robinmeyers Looks like you did the full Lincoln Marathon yesterday? That is awesome, the HM was tough for me 
@bill_starr Yep, the Hawkesbury Classic starts at Windsor, home of said DJ  
good morning tweeties! what to do today? I am all rested up from Richmond and ready to hit the beach! 
I'm Such a nerd. Reading my first of many books this summer 
@JulieAbel I am in Weirton Julie, way up North at the tippy top! LOL we don't think southern WV folks like us too much.   
@MelvinJames hey there.  How are you. Pleasant surprise 
With @MOBARZHARLEM walking the streets of Harlem. Home sweet home 
Fort Greene Brooklyn Flea was lovely! - looking forward to next weekend already 
is hanging with Bryant&amp;&amp;Hailee, possibly Lafayette tonight. 'nd i don't know why i keep updating this because i have 0 followers 
@divinediva1 Norwood house party haaaaaa... Yaaaaaaay (smiles) 
Going to Newtown soon. (Y) 
@MattCundill Haha! At the Somerset theatre in Ottawa. I remember that well. The more things change the more they stay the same 
whohoo!  Erin just got accepted to Ottawa U nursing school at the Algonquin Pembroke campus.  I just may get my girl back 
@Bern_morley LOL I love your kids 
Orange vitamin water 10 is my new addiction  U should try it.
@MarkYoung_ my what? investigation?? we're booked for the end of the month in Paranormal Pembroke 
@bazv look forward to seeing you &amp; Danvers again soon. Tx again for agreeing to come up 
Spending the day in Newport, RI with the parental units 
Stupidly sunny day at Alton towers  awesome!
Checking http://tinyurl.com/oyegoh to see where in the Atlantic Ocean my dad is... they're 5th!! goooo daddy!!! 
bonfire at Huntington =  2 hrs of sleep = : /   hanging out at the beach on a hot day = priceless.
71 day's until Jonas Brothers concert at Nassau Coliseum 
@scenetrash : So I just looked at your website, and I saw that you guys live in MD. I used to live in Prince Frederick.  Tiiigghttt.
@sarabethgraml If there isnt anything to do in BG come to Columbus! 
Holy shit Bellingham! 
Just got back from carting the family, mom in law, and dog to Okoboji and back... looking at campgrounds 
I am home in Massachusetts for the summer working and playing in Gloucester! Call the cell if you want to catch up! 978 697 7502 
@moonfrye i slipped in the mud taking a picture @ the Liberty Bell display in front of a ton of tourists in Philly!!  HYSTERICAL 
Hellooo Orange County 
we are now dreaming of  being &quot;Beverly Hillbillies&quot; 
@StephaniSuicide I bet that's nice and cosy. I'm at work and Reading your message has bought a smile to my face 
Having a quiet day reading Oroonoko and Crusoe before off to Chester tonight 
a funny day!  watching King Of Queens ))
Passing thru picturesque Chester. Locals get the joke 
@tommcfly i saw you in Northwood earlier  but i was on the bus so i couldn't say hi. hope you feel better soon x
@tommcfly i saw you in Northwood earlier  but i was on the bus so i couldn't say hi. hope you feel better soon xx
@travisleebutton The lake was imaginary BUT it was just south of Johnstown on the map they showed!  
Moral of the story: Rowan's bike *can* go fast! 
@jasohill Brick walls are more dependable until you have to go home...or there's an earthquake, or some other disaster... 
Orange juice for breakfast this morning, think I'll splurge at lunch! 
I could study...or I could listen to music while I eat Hershey's chocolate to start the good vibes for tomorrows #hbh game. 
About to head out for a drink w/ a non-twitterer .    Anything going on near QWW, Ossington, or Kensington area?
Introducing Bon to chicken riggies and Utica greens 
just came back from visiting some wineries in Niagara:WOW 
@mmilan ahh damn it, I thought this was a short story, not something ending in &quot;...&quot; and &quot;order at&quot;  (the Sterling story)
http://twitpic.com/5ccfd all moved in to our Gurnee apartment 
just finished watching the Cranford series 
About to head back to Riverdale to get my car and go back to Marietta to get some sleep. I'm babysitting my niece in the morning. 
@thisizjay lmao by Utica and Stuyvesant ish area its oddly quiet and just a few hours ago mofo's were blastin Boyfriend #2 
Excursion # 2, once the rain subsided, turned out to be a long, and generally excellent day out in  Kingston 
@VampireStan  *whisper in the wind*  Otis... Otis Redding... you should cue up some Otis Redding   
Had an amazing night out with old friends, Van friends and new friends at the Madison in Toronto  Goodtimes had by all!
loves her Liberty print bunny her mummy got her  xxx http://tinyurl.com/dz4yyq
Up getting ready to go to church. I love my church  here in Richmond
A brief rain shower this morning, but the weather is clearing nicely just in time for me to leave Brighton. Last night's gigs were great 
On my way to Springfield for my brother's state golf tournament!! 
If  you don't know already I some what like Babylon 5. 
@IDLOOKTOO gorgeous here today, isnt it?  at least in JOCO. 
@McG81 if I didn't like you, I would totally hate you right now. in other news York owning Taj makes me happy 
Alton towers is brill (:  
Spending the day with my girl @Colleenms2008 in Towson 
Winchester now and faisal later 
Riverdale in the gloom is still fun when it's with family 
@Jersey1127 please dont block me 
http://twitpic.com/5dfzj - Harlem then work 
Watching &quot;Garfield 2&quot; now.... I f**kin' love that cat 
photoshoot in Georgetown was a success 
@BigLou45 mansion? i wish!  i am down the coast from him, dont ever see him though, my dad did once cause he works in Newport
Framingham BAYS U16 Division 1A [3-0-1] didn't win but still undefeated 
I just bought Kingston the cutest bath robe   http://tinyurl.com/q5z7e2
Harlem bound. 
In Pawcatuck... coming home shortly!! It's been a wild ride! 
@anesslib Thanks for your input; I've added you to the Fredericksburg region. Thanks - and have a great week 
@whysogreen are you sure it isn't cool enough for the Jersey?? below like 28 and i usually find one it isn't cold i just like them 
With her babygirl Madison 
@meiBABY but KCAL 9 said Lenox area and they r a more reliable source. 
http://twitpic.com/5espc - @iamdavidcook david cook of my favorite highway doing what he does best at the Madison show 
tennis lessons with a professional hunk tomorrow  About time Fairfax gets some eye candy
going to Ashland tomorrow  see you all in three days
@hlc marvellous idea, geographically difficult, Windsor all week, next week looks good, let's get it sorted! 
@mrtrev @voiceover girl - Maarnin'! From a bright and breezy #Somerset 
@Bern_morley fantastic - well done 
oh... Camden.... one month and five days and like 4 hours until we leave for the airport to board a plane and see my loves! Ah.. CAMDEN!! 
So glad to be out of the big city and back in laid back old Chester  Pheww!
I'm just about to set off for York 
Reading.Reading.Reading 
@SouthernGreen Hempstead...nice!  I'm from Uniondale...and somehow you found me even though I've been gone for years.  weird   
#musicmonday - http://tinyurl.com/c787f4 ? - Jersey, Mayday Parade. 
@colinshedden Your life is Greentree once you accept it things will be better 
@AdamMaguire Morton Stadium folks got my name through a mutual friend who used to be my co-presenter on a community radio show in Dundalk 
@citycynic  Just a plain pinstriped Jersey. 
@Bern_morley hmmm...if you're into lemon and poppy-seed muffins, then maybe you should try all the girl-on-girl stuff..closet maybe..??? 
At least I get to see the parts of Jenison I never see. We're by the Wall. 
@daisyjanie Did you have to mow the lawn and put out your flag? Quick, whip up a Urbana Banner with you web addy across the bottom! 
is going to school. Then is going to go to Williamsville or @shineslikegold is coming here to give me prom $$.  Yayyy.
@Madison14 why thank you 
So hot today in Venice; summer is here 
Wahoo finished for the day but in central london carrying a million and one things. Starbucks time 
If your in midtown Manhattan today - Indy 500 event at Herald Square today at 11:30am  
no Croatian currency in Livingston post office, cue c21 hissy-fit  #fb
At a sheetz outside of Clearfield. 209 miles down 245 to go. I love sheetz. 
Galeries Lafayette is now open at The Dubai Mall, I know where I'll be this weekend 
Looking for fun places to spend money in downtown Farmington, Northville or other close area. Suggestions appreciated. Thanks.  
Home on Friday for Skyline, Marion's and a reunion in Oxford! Can't wait 
heading to Hoboken to look at apartments...finally! 
@Tiny_Winchester thankx 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5d6n9 - the Delano is quite an experience!.. esp the furniture in the pool! 
@cmcadams I like it. Pit the stereotypes from West Chester and Hamilton against each other? 
is in Gov trying to get my hands on some Jersey Giant! 
@VicGiordano Preakness? isn't that what i do when i yawn?  i heard that american's are now saying 'innit' now. *tut tut*
Hudson is cracking me up this morning. 
Congrats on your award Laurel! 
Beautiful Sunny day in Crofton Maryland 
Alton towers was so good yesterday  need to go again
on my way to Poca 
just had the most amazing bike ride with @Loreinski though Williamsburg, Greenpoint, the LES and the Village! Can't wait to do it again 
@fiandshoegaze  Orange!  is the happy colour of the moment.   I love my orange nails today.  
doing laundry and packing for Massanutten with my best friend and casey this weekend. 
just having fun on the computer with my close friends, Oella And Amrie. hehe 
@DaMaHug Jersey channel islands mate  and yea here there and everywhere 
Harlem Knights! 
I'm nearly done with fricking cold I've been having for last 2 weeks   We are off to Bristol tomorrow. I hope we gonna love the Marriott.
On my way to Providence, RI to Brown U. for my brother's graduation.  guess that's all of us.  congrats J. 
@josefnankivell Heading into Plymouth! 
so tired, so thirsty, and off to Newport today 
is in Florence!! W00t! 
It's morning! Last night, I went to a Wawa near my house and all I can say is... I loved it! It was completely modernized 
@TheRealSerena fine thx  I'm going to Naples with my parents! Have u ever been there?
Jersey shore 
@amweatherguy Hermitage is in Mercer County, not Beaver County.  I went to school there 
Finished making my first woggle... it's Orange 
@KellyMcEwen nooo not yet... But that bit in the Avon book is hilarious lol... I'll have to quote it later  xx
Loving Lexington.  At airport getting ready to leave and already looking forward to the return. 
@ameliagermain Make sure you guys go to Williamsburg  Take the L into Brooklyn - First stop (Bedford)
four day weekend at Skaneateles lake doing absolutely nothing   Here I come
Normandy, one week 
@DominicTravers That's very cool indeed. I have many friends at Orange, they'll take care of you 
roadtrip to the Palisades for a MSL blood drive meeting 
Is tidying the house and watching King of Queens for the first time in years! 
@marcoswitt I need to visit Lakewood church atleast once in my life! more than once would be nice too.. 
@sarahtanner great post on Avon PR fail. I commented 
@GarySoup There's always time to go to Richmond! 
@wausauherald what about Madison Mallards fans? 
@AshPash Actually, I'm an idiot... it's in Asheville at the Orange Peel.  Regardless, still close! 
@veddemon yeah but I mean Gaylord home silly. 
Is Hampton Bound 
is on my way to Baraboo, WI for everydays  
2 Hours of Alton 
@joeybarnes Please come to West Chester, PA and play at The Note...or just hang out with me.  Either way, we can get drunk together 
I'd kill to be able to go to Woodstock, or even Waynestock lol 
@Reeseville we got you covered on that  
@bestgreenblogs Burlington sounds familiar...it's his girlfriends parents who own the place. Pretty cool. 
@wilshipley on Hartford?! My good friend lives on Hartford, behind the theater  Small world.
Missinq Mr. Madison.!!! yes in deed. &lt;33 on my [Mz. Madison Mode] like duhhhh.!!! 
Wahoo my mommy got me a new case for my phone. 
@Teairra_Monroe I really like ur new video 
I wonder how much it would cost to live in Jersey... 
I'm a little happier now. The Triplets of Belleville is on tomorrow 
Going out to the district in Orange! Join us! 
Orange razzberry and blackberry sherbert 
@snkysndsystm it may be cold outside but we'll turn the Bedford into a furnace! Going to be massive, Chch is amped. 
@socal_preciosa I fucking love you! and what's the latest on lil Zion Chace???  can't wait 2 take him 2 the zoo, sea world...
I love shopping @ Bristol Farms 
@Vic773 headed back home for the summer. but I'll be back in september! going back to school at Columbia. 
bright sunny day in Jersey, beach later for a bar b q- could be worse! 
Feining for americanas carne asada fries. If you're from Vallejo Fairfield AmCan&amp; coming 4rm the city. Haha stop by and get me fries  pls.
@robcthegeek  am going the Reading today 
@robcthegeek I am going to Reading today 
is off to Durham today 
