Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 611), ('day', 289), ('morning', 23), ('good', 20), ('school', 18), ('yesterday', 17), ('i', 17), ('amp', 15), ('fun', 14), ('time', 13), ('sucks', 12), ('show', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Today', 0.9455755352973938), (u'Now', 0.6256110668182373), (u'Tonight', 0.5841566920280457), (u'Yesterday', 0.5760841965675354), (u'day', 0.5448031425476074), (u'Tomorrow', 0.5388174057006836), (u'today', 0.5344809889793396), (u'It', 0.5293388366699219), (u"Today'sa", 0.5282929539680481), (u'This', 0.5255489945411682)]





Today is the day the government kills us all 
Mew  Today is a prescribed opiate day me thinks - grr 
In France, Today it's raining 
Today I wear Ian's hoodie. I'm tired, my allergies are acting up, and it's like musical all over again. 
@MarieMoM Today is the last day and if I go I will just get a zero anyway because Im just not prepared at all 
Today I am attempting to write some dissertation. It's very dull, especially with the sun shining outside  xxxx
Morning. My exit interview got moved to Wed. Today I will focus on prepping my iPod lesson... by updating &amp; syncing 30+ iPods 
Is workin. Today is my monday  
Today is a sad day in monterrey 
@mini_mojo Today isn't looking much better in Houston. Sorry 
Today is totally a death day 
Today I met a week of dog died....   ...**I miss you **
I'm dressed as a PANDA Today!! I want this to be my new facebook picture  no camera... u_u
Today is the worst day ever!! 
Today is not off to a good start.  
Today is not a good bowling day 
Good morning! Today will b a very short day tomorrow school again 
Today would have been your 24. birthday... I'm thinking of you... and I miss you... 
@CRSete Why Arn't You Playing Today?  x
wishes she could have gone to the Buddha exhibit in downtown Sac. Today's the last day 
Today, I am n the worst mood of anyone alive 
Today's maths #exam was a disaster. 
Today's the day I should do all my homework, me thinks 
Im 24 Today!!  and its raining 
Today is 4:20 and I have nothing to celebrate it with.  *tear*
Today starts my last week of freedom 
@niboswald p.s I should have impossibly sprinted to Macq Centre the other day. Today was cancelled 
Today, I tripped over my own big toe. 
Todays started off bad already 
Today is my holiday but I am still working alone 
Good morning guys! Today I have to work... 
@jessicastrust hehe i wish! Today is my &quot;bored&quot; day as everyone is spending time with family!  Do you fell sorry for me yet ? Lol
BONJOUR! well the last minuet trip i to Paris didnt happen   Oh well. Today should be good....unless mya tries to sell me boob jobs :p
Today is so pretty and I'm stuck editing and adding onto my thesis 
135th Kentucky Derby Today - Party Celebrities at  http://tinyurl.com/cwm9a2 ... But where is Alizee??? 
 No Baseball Today (:  I Hate the Rain!!  It is May right?
Today is not lovely any more, very cloudy and dark sky 
Today I just miss my husband.  
Even more sicker. Today's not going to be fun. 
Today is peacfull but the future is unknown 
Still got the wicked sunburn  it hurtts. Well im back to school tommorrow. Today was my first day at Sunday school, i was so confused.
Lunch break is ending. Today is made up of yawns and back pain 
Good morning Barcelona, Today I'm worry because @haiquiro is ill 
Nothing to do Today  #Bored
Going to school  Then Soccer practice. Today's just going to be a lovely day *sarcasm* ((
Today is a day to pretend I can keep house... 
Today is going to be a lonnnng day 
Today is going to be a lonnnng day 
Sitting in ENG111. Ugh. Today is our last day. Woooot. I'm nervous about my presentation tomorrow. 
Today is a grumpy day 
Today was not what I expected. I feel like an outcast hahahaha 
Oh my what a night! haha Kasey and I are staying downstairs until 4 to give my mom her gifts, She has to work really early Today! 
Goodmorning Sunshines!! Haha Today im snotty  im gona take a walk and then back to bed! Viva! Bye.
Has ANOTHER Cricket Game Today....And It's Going to be 91 Degrees Today....DAMN 
Today was suppose to be a fun day 
Today was deffinately shit on april day 
Today didn't turn out like I expected. Another night alone. 
Today is one of those days where I have so much to do but I kind of just want to stay in bed instead. Totally dreading the drs later 
Today is ganna be huge. And I am already starting out... down. This will be a &quot;I hate you&quot; day. I hope not, but sadly... 
Finally leaving the Y. Almost punched the guy on the treadmill next to me for getting to the TV 1st. He put Today Show on instead of GMA! 
Sill alive, but not so kicking... I need sleep! Today will be longlonglooooong! 
It's about 75 degrees. Today will be a perfect day. Yeah. But I'm still sleepy. 
Today it's not my day! 
Going to fall asleep texting. Today was a good day overall. Don't have my itouch with me  it's in the living room &amp; it's too far to get.
Woke up at 12am. Today is a study day for me 
Today feels like a long one 
I'm tired! Today I have to study Latin 
Today is mean't to be a development day. Not got much done so far though 
Really HATE being allergic to pollen! Today is not going to be as planned. - I have to stay inside, at home! 
Today is a day full with homework 
Damn. Today is one fine day, shame the boat has to go into the shop this week  It will take them two weeks to get it back up and running.
Today was not a good day for my self-esteem. 
missed the train with direct connection. Today I'm really late 
Today was a bad day 
Today is a sad running day 
Maths Exam Today    Arrrgh.
Today is going to be a super long day.  
Orthodontist  I keep thinking today's Friday. Today is going to suckk
Today's going to be a longggg one 
Today is entirely too beautiful to spend indoors. 
had a very busy weekend -- never got a chance to go to Mayfest.   Ah well, next year.  Today is a beautiful morning, though.
Staying in bed all day. Today brings back memories i do't want to keep, but i can't get them out of my head. 
Today is a sad day for cats.  
Today is an unlucky day 
Today is the last day before he went on business trips.  I will miss him.....
Today is going to be a very looonngg day 
Good morning!!! last day of my internship   Today they evaluate me! wish me luck!
Today, is not my day. I cannt upload a simple video!!! 
Good morning. Today is a day in which I completely wish I could sleep the whole day and skip school, but I can't. 
@TomFelton Chocolate day?? Today is a fucking day ! 
Today isn't a productive day 
Good morning!!! Today I'm going back to Florida, I'm sad 
@tamlet Until she leaves for India.  Today is our last day together. yay for the single life 
Today was my last day of 6th from or college as some people call it. 
Well ... Today I've tempted in The Anchor for 2 hours and spent about the same amount of time on the phone with O2 trying to fix my phone 
Today, I feel like I'm trapped in the most boring part of the 'circle of life' 
Today is my 34th birthday  at least I'm in sunny cali for the week!
Today was a sad day. 
Today has been horrible ! I'm going to sleep now so the day can end ! 
Gosh. Today's weather is HOrriTerrible! Extreme hotness. I'm losing a lot of water weight by doing nothing.  - http://tweet.sg
I'm havin the stupid stomach pain again &amp; again... Today is my outing with SPH frenz &amp; my stomach nvr fails to dissappoint me. Haiz 
Ghhh! Went an hour earlier to bed thinking ill get an area hr of sleep, woke up an hr earlier. Today is gonna be a looooong one again. 
@Samm_xo Today yeah 
Today just fucking sucks for me!! 
Today is going to be a long day. 
Morning...I woke up to watch @taylorswift13 on the Today show. You rocked it girl. Wish I could have been there. So close but so far away 
Today I'm sad, my cat of 10 years has just stopped eating, and is very sick. 
@KnightOnline i think Today its not possible 2 play KOL 
My baby is no longer a Kindergartener...   Today was her last day.
@lexiloohoo ugh! Fuck it. Today doesn't look like it's going to work  i'm sorry
Today was not an inspirational photography day  #photography -  http://twurl.nl/jnizbw
OMG. Today felt like the last day of school! it's horrible! 
Today was good but some people have friday attitudes...not good 
OMG! Today was my last day of school! I'm so excited for summer but I'm sad to leave my school for 2 months. 
Today sucked!  feel like driving with no where to go
Today was meant to be a good day 
Today was fun and sad lol, last B day for seniors 
Today is just not my day! 
Today the watter not so good  
@alice_verney Oh awesome. Today I was busy - saw my dog at the vet... she might not die now... find out on mon/tues if she gets put down. 
@tommcfly Oow! Today, made a week you were here in Fortaleza. 
Today its already busy  I wish it was slow maybe later hopefully !!
Today is going to be a terrible day 
Today is not my happy day 
Home. Today is not gonna be productive  I think all ima do is work.
Today is SO beautiful... I'm sad I have to spend it indoors, in my windowless workplace   
Today isn't a good day 
Today is just not my day at all! 
Today has been the best day of my life, feet still hurt  but hayhoe i get over it :/ Just been dancing with ryan 
@officialcharice no Today show? 
Today is such a nice day I wish I didn't have to work 
Annoyed. Today sucks.. 
@aperock  Today is balls.
im missing her more and mooore.  -Today was hella fun. Guard thing, rolling down them hills, pictures, and more. Best believe.
Today was funtastic!! Only one day left though 
Grr... Today has just been a really off day. 
@kezzi21 Luckier, than the people here in Germny ;-) Today very cloudly... 
@mschoening Good.. Today is gonna be boring for me... I have *loads* of work to do... 
Today must cut grass or wife will hurt me  but will polish bike later 
Today one year ago I had my first miscarriage 
We all have to go back to school tomorrow.Today is the end of the four-day vacation.Feel a little bit disappointed. 
Today is a double whammy: church and work. 
Birthday: heartbreaking. Today: not much better 
Went home sick yesterday for the first time since i started working there. Today feeling better but still dizzy 
Today is a very sad day after all 
Getting ready to do some #geocaching Today I'm hunting GCWPRV since several closer caches were archived in the last few days 
AH new update for my bb Storm hahaa. Today at 3 I can update but unfortunately I have to wait until after work. 
School Today!  How boring!
Today slowly progressed into a better day...but now I'm tired 
I miss my baby. I was right... Sundays suck. Today is a shitty day 
It's dead Jim. Today I mourn the loss of my computer. Such a trusted friend. Just needed to hold out two more months... 
Same weather... no sun  Today I go to my mom. She will make a wonderful tasty lunch.
Today walked for like 5 hours straight,,,, Tired 
Today .. I'm so horny ... yesteday I lose my boyfriend ... 
Today was an antihistamine day        so itchy
Yawn. Today going so slow... 
Today is the day I go to the doctor. I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty frigin scared. 
I really, really hate having to complain.  Today I have had to complain to a painter &amp; now Royal Mail . Getting grumpy &amp; fed up!
Today was just one long hang over 
Halfway through two new songs...Today they're not happy  I thought this would be a good day. Wow, I was SOO wrong!
@DOLLARBILLBOODA hey booda I miss you too... Today I go back to daytona so no more Miami Parties for me  lol
Today, I am sick up and down my vertical axis, badly. 
*sigh* Today is going to suck. I feel it already. 
Today is going by sooooo slow 
Having major issues with anything and everything regarding the Eastern Shore News. Today, just isn't my day 
Sad. Today was my last day in mrs. D's class  . And my hubby didn't spend it with me  then my last day in 1st period i got along wit ...
@missb617 i cant believe this weather!! is Today June 1st or am I hallucinating!! 
not a fan of the possibility of a missing plane. With Todays technology , it seems impossible for a plane to be &quot;missing&quot; for so long 
Today is not turning out to be a good day back in the office. Things are slow, broken, corrupting, twitching, yawning, and/or tired. 
Saddest day of my life. Today is the day we say goodbye to Felix the Catfish. I don't know what happened 
@Ineartips Dave was awesome! It was so cool going to a concert at Fenway! Today was my first day at Corporate, not as fun as Kittery 
I was gonna enter the lottery for football tickets but its freaking $70 which i dont have.  Today is going down hill. Watching bones now..
@Fluffysucks yeah I'll definitely have to catch a replay  but i'm going 2 the Late Night &amp; Today shows!
Today was a long hard day.... And 2morrow is going 2 b even worst 
@BOOSTA Today is just not any of our freakin' day.  Hiring for a new bf tho? Lol!
Today just isnt my day i need a hug 
I should have bought Sprite instead of a smoothie... Now I'm suffering with bad cramps  Today was/is just not my day.
Today is not the day for manual labour 
I want to be in Atlanta right now.  Today should have been the @NKOTB concert here but it was canceled.   No Full Service for us..
Today is my last free day 
I am SoOoOoOoo TIREDDD Today!!!! Ugh! 
Today I slept from 10-6. The most sleep ever and I'm still tired.. 
leaving one office and heading for another. Today has been too tiring - and I STILL haven't written my presentation for tomorrow morning 
Today is a concert,so sorry for not going 
Ahhh Today was super embarassing.  Swimming wasnt even that fun..culinary was amazingg haha we made sandwiches for a contest!
Directed to the world, Today was full of upset and change and hurt. Wow.  Why is the one thing you want so far away?
No Sunshine Today 
Good morning.. Today i'll go to the school, even that i still sick 
Today will not be a good day 
Fuck..... Today it's raining 
Today I have to pay bills  always a sad day lol
Today can be a really good day or a really bad one.  I have mean anxiety 
Today I am craving pizza...and I probably won't get any. 
Today is not a good day. 
Today was an off day. 
ugh... i want a krispy Kreme donut right now! Today is a complex day; which im unsure of my certain fate. 
Today I am not talking with manu, I am sad  
Today is rainy day. I also feel so melancholy 
Today is so whack. Its raining and gray. No fun at all 
Heyy! I'm bored. Today was my boyfriends last day of school 
Today is just not sara's day 
@chevale hi che! Sorry last night I didn't tweet much. 1, internet went crazy. 2, I got headache. 3, I sleep early. Today ur busy? 
I feels weak. Today wasn't so sure will be a good day or opposite.  
In Office Today ... 
Today was such a good day.  Until my neighbor pissed me off &amp; my head decided to start hurting again.  
Today was such a terrible day! 
Today was national doughnut day... I missed out 
Don't wanna wake up! Today work.. Last day with @zuleiiS !!  tonight Ladykillers
Argh! After a losing battle with severe insomnia, i finally managed to get 4 hours of sleep. Today is going to suck. 
Today is a slow-tweet day. 
@KnightGirlLinz - that's ok, i know you are a busy gal! No havent got the May Today show, that's the one we didnt get last song here 
Today is my last day folding tshirts professionally. I won't miss retail but I will miss these people I work with so very much 
Today is @justababy's 6 months birthday! 
Today is another boring day!! 
@_MekaD_ Today just hanging out at the house since the painters here and the MR has the gig and can't be here.    BORED
Today is a sad day. I threw away my circuit city jordans 
The party yesterday was fun, but I got tired fast. Wanted to see Caroline, but couldn't.  Today's job hunting was mostly a fail.
Today ended up being a wonderful day outside!  I did some weeding  Weeds are like bills, they keep coming back!!
Today i'm missing metallica 
I hate Hayfever! Today is  the worst day  for me 
Today is sunday. Meaning 11 days til sedation. 
Today my batting average dropped to .769 
Greetings from Omaha Nebraska. Today has been a bust. Initiation won't take place til after dark. So sad. 
Today has been unbearably long. Everyone i WAS texting stopped 
@Cohoons_World. Today is not a good day!!  
No Wii, nothing to do, and a whole Saturday without spending any time friends... Today sucked!!  arrgh hope tomorrow is better :/
Today was hate @marily2500 day.. 
Where have all the bicycles gone? When I was here in 1995, there were still thousands in Beijing... Today I've seen 4 so far 
Today was such a mess. I don't know what to do 
Today sucks 
Today's the last implementation  I want to do it again next weekend or something :p
Today is yet another day of being bored!  I don't know what to do...
Today is the day 
Today is my last day in this house 
Today would have been the day 
Today has been a horrible day so far 
Today is a bad bad bad hair day 
Yesterday, good legs, but i missed the leading group , finished as 40st. Today in the leading group, but then a crash.  It hurts.
Today was going by soooo fast! What happened!? 
Today is going by way too fast 
WOW! Today was Nah...  wish it was sunny!......... not a very cute day out side?..
Today is going sooo well...except i cant go to kingdom rehearsal...i have to work 
Today is not a good day for me 
Kids left for the summer today.  Today sucks.
Today was interesting. But now I'm nursing my cut toe. 
Today is a bad day..... Everything didn't go smoothly..... 
Good morning  Today I must go to the doctor 
Today has not been a good day 
Today I woke up in pain 
Today virginia has to actutally deliver 
Oy vey! Today is the oceanography final. I hope he doesn't surprise us with a difficult test  I'll find out my exact grade afterwards!
just came back from war.I deserve entertainment.results isn't that satisfying thou  . Today was great ! Tiring day but I enjoyed it!
Don't know what to do...  Today is boring.
Today is a crappy day, don't think i am doing much. 
fuck it, time for Pantera! Today is draining me and I have a match later... 
Today is so not a good day 
Today is going to be a very expensive day.   Next.
Good morning! Today will be a fun day, until I have to work... 
Today is going to be beautiful and I have to work all day.  suck.
Grrrrr! I really hate when someone steals my thunder &amp; bursts my bubble! Today is not a good day  I *might* cry. #goawaymonday #tuesdayplz
Today sucks! 
Today is jus not my day .. I dont feel good at all 
Today is dumb 
@Ali_Sweeney Missed Friday and Today's episodes,  DTV came and took my NBC off. All money we spent to get ready and it still don't work.
:S Wondering if there will be more earthquakes here... Today's was not that strong, but felt bad 
Today is just a day of being sleepy. Doesn't help that it got cloudy  it was so pretty out!
Today we are saying bye to cynthia 
Today is not the greatest day... 
gd morning tweets! Today is my last day in Bali..    i dun think i can leave. Sobss
Yesterday: sunburn Today: sick right now: 
Today was pretty much a bummer 
Today was weird with out the seniors and sad, I can't believe he's gone 
Today sucks,.. 
Today was truly just about memories 
Day#55 Today was an absolute disaster inter-personally. Not drinking now but, I no longer care if I do or don't. So sorry 
Lunch at my desk Today  my desktop has a countdown till 6:30pm EVERYDAY!!
Augh, forgot my iPod/hphones for iTunes. Today is going to be much less bearable without music 
I am too old to stay til 1 AM anymore. Today is so gonna suck 
Today was my last day of journalism  and thanks to all the sweet bday wishes I woke up to today! You guys rock
I wish Erol's giggles still had the power to cheer me up. Today they aren't working. 
Today the weather is perfect, but it seems to be a sad day 
Ahhhh! The warm ist hurting my eyes!!!!      Today was okay except for that moustached bitch keeping us in    &gt;   Rrrrrrr
Today has just got worse and worse 
Today doesnt seem like a happy day.... 
Lots of HTML to do Today 
Remember yesterday I predicted it was going to be a bad week? I was spot-on with that prediction. Today's been complicated and negative. 
(@jsmeeezy) Today is insaaaaane!!!!! I need a hug 
Today has been a colossal pooch-screw of a day... 
Today, i am uninspired. And totally clueless on what to wear. 
Today is a very shocking sad day for me. work just won't be the same anymore. 
Today is a super disappointment 
BFL Today. Fuck me. 
Today is not a good day 
Today is not a good day for all i can do now is pray 
I gotta say.. Today has been a  day.
Today is the worst day ever 
Today would of actually been my 10 month with my ex 
@Valgansel @RhiaUK2009 Aw  Same here. Today though. Pills were so tempting. I'm fine though, now.
Today I woke up and my lip had a huge rash!  have to eliminate it fast! It's so annoying!!!
@Tinkerbell2009a For me it is a pleasure speaking with you. Today I went to the canteen, a sandwich and mineral water ... Lunch sad 
Just saw interview with families of 2 American journalists being held in Korea on Today Show. So sad  can't imagine if that was my family
Oh. Today is going to be a looong day. 
Socail Final Exam Today 
Today.... Off to a horrible start 
Today marks three weeks.. 
Today is going to be a long day. Interviews from 09:30 until 16:00. 
Today is my 3 month anniversary of living coffee free! Holyshit I'm tired     
Today is going to be a long day! 
Good morning all! Today is such a lovely day, its gona be freggan 100 degrees, too bad I'm inside work and not laying out gettin a tan 
I made daisy chains yesterday-felt like summer. Today i had a wooly scarf on! Grrr weather  x
@Suefromque Today is DH&amp;mine! But he's on travel 
@mitchelmusso I LOVE your new album, but I'm Icelandic so I can only listen to it online  - Fun fact, Today is our independence day!
@JulieR01 um, something like that. I thought he was ok with it. Today, not so much. St. Louis will be it for me. 
Today sucks 
Today was the first day I've gone without talking to my sisters 
Today is officially my bosses' last day  this makes me sad.
Today has brought tears 
Today will be shit. even my 'L' key is kinda brokes. 
School Time Now, Tripple P.e Today, Acctually, SHIT I Have A Phase Test Today Arghhhhhhhh  x
Ohh boy. Today is going to be interesting. Why can't it be like nine tonight already ? 
Today is not nice for regents 
Today is soooooooo blah, I really don't know how much more of this rain i can take......I guess ten more days worth 
Made it to the pool yesterday after work.  Today I'm not working, and it's storming 
Ready for the day to be over. Today is going to be such a long day 
Today my computer and I are just not compatible 
Sean left me AND my glass toucan from Senora Toth broke  Today is not looking very good. . . . .
Today is not a good day. I want to be back in bed. 
Today sucks. 
Today test in one hour. I'm not very confident now 
Today is not my day  I keep falling, tripping, breaking things!--- oopps clumsy me!
Today is not a good day... 
Today is the worst day. 
I hate my feet... Today at the shoe shop I couldn't find even one pair of high heels that would fit my feet... Sad 
SWEET. I just got FOUR pairs of heels for $300!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Today is my lucky day, except for getting my legs cut open. 
Today is my bday, and it so doesn not feel like it  maybe its cause i am not doing anything!!
I *just* got an email on all the stuff poppin off on Telegraph. Today would be perfect day to do a bit of shoulder exposure. 
Today isn't going to be a good day for me 
@stewartcink Today is special to me because I played nine holes without a shank! I lost more balls in the last month than I can count. 
I feel so bad for toddlers whose ears pop when they fly. Today a little boy was cradling his ears and crying, &quot;Daddy, ouch, ouchie.&quot; 
Today was a bad day, and I feel like crap because of it... 
Ummm... What?: Today at g/c i saw something odd... (didnt h ave anything to take pics with  ) I saw what looke.. http://twurl.nl/gnukz7
Today is going to be a looonng day 
Today has NOT been a good day 
Today is my bad day  wew!
Today isn't a good day. 
Today is rainy day 
Todays not starting off very good 
Today is the last day of having a laptop. 
Goodmorning!! Today is the day! 
I have to give away my stellacat. Im really upset but shes not happy around other cats. Today is sad 
Today will not be a very fun day. 
Today i realised... wen it cums to making decisions.. m not at all confident 
Dayum, yesterday was tiight. Chilled wtih @jeffkloy and @eboase. Today; work. 
Today is my last day here.. 
Huh.. Today is such a lowsy day, hot day.. 
@Swati1010 Today is supposed to be much better... though the weekend is gonna suck 
Today is going to be so boring without my best friend. 
  Today is not a good day. But I guess laying around the house in your undies isn't so bad.
Today I actually have to be an adult going to the bank and work  boo
@giugarritano Today I'll back home later.  I want to see what you wrote. xx
Today feels like it will never end 
Today sucks. 
Today's the day. So long lipring 
7 oz today.  I need at least 10. Shoot. Today wasn't a good day.
Today's the worst day! 
Today is waste. 
@tommcfly Today I was in the stadium that you guys made the amazing show in Brasilia. I realized that i miss you dudes, more than ever 
Today, I find the world disgusting 
TGIF? Not really :/ Today was stressful and involved me spending money on annoying stuff, ie new tires!! Boooo! And work tonight  No fun.
Uberly bored !  Ugh. ;; I should go write ! Today has been severe- crazy. Always end up with a story to tell sumone.  (:
Today was horrible and it stil is. I need to grow up asap and stop being a snob 
Curse you, movie popcorn butter, for ruining my night  by making sick to my stomach...  Today has turned out to be pretty damn crappy. :[
Gay fiesta in the Motz street in Berlin! Today and tomorrow! And I have to work 
Crappy weather in Graz. Yesterday sunshine and 30 degrees. Today rain and 14 
It should be illegal to have to be at work at this time of day (4:15am). BTW, Today in Alabama is 2 hours today from 7-9am. Thanks, golf. 
Biggest hangover of life starts... Today.  Sooo not proud 
Today I am a F1 widow, being ignored whilst it's on. 
Exhausted. Today summer party from the dancing lessons. No idea,what I will wear tonight 
spent all morning in the hospital. Today is NOT going to be good.   ~*~meg~*~
I have so much to do today...&amp; I'm feeling excessively lazy. But all must be done. Today, I hate Saturdays. No excuse for me to goof off! 
Whenever I visit Cardiff the sun is always shining; the place looks glorious in the sun. Today, however, the clouds are here 
Today marks the last time i seen my late brother back in 2001...i miss singin with him the most... 
Last day in Vail  Today I will b avoiding happy hour water balloon fights and drunken piggy-back rides through rivers. Mby a hike instead.
Hello gang. Today is going to be a fun day, a day with the brats, maybe seeing granny, going to a union vote and maybe the dentist. YAY! 
Today is a stressful day just to try to get things done 
Aww Today is my Papa (grandpa's) 96th birthday and I miss him 
Aww Today is my Papa (grandpa's) 97th birthday and I miss him 
Today is cleaning day. 
Today solidifies the fact that I hate my job. 3 more hours. 
Today I'm so bad! The day is so bad! 
I hate being all alone!!!! Today is juz not my day 
Today is not my day for computers. 
Today is a fat day. 
Oh man... Today is not my day!!! 
Windows is a big shit one Virus and you can't do anything with it   Today I've got one of this virus  pc is yet clean but all data away
Today is my last day at the chuck e cheese of norwalk 
Today is a very slow day and no one would txt me 
Today was a total gloom 
Ranch dressing doesn't taste the same anymore. Today is a sad, sad day. 
I hate playing more than 9 holes of golf a day... Today I played 21. 
Dammit, I forgot  / &quot;Today only tweet haiku&quot;  /  It's all Robin's fault    
Today has been a great day, but it made me realize how much I miss our real friends. 
Today was fun. But i cried cuz i got locked in a dark room 
Damn bored. Today will be my last day of holiday. I wish there's more holiday 
Today is editing day. If I ever get to go on the PC that is  .
Today is not a good day 
I can't do anything  My little dog is dead  I can't stand why  Today is going to be a hard day 
Woke up to find that my dog had shit in my room wtf. He never does that. I guess hes sick. Today= church  great dane rescue driving vi ...
Today is skate day. Its raining.. And I'm working. *sigh* 
Today sucks. A day that constantly reminds me that I dont have a dad. 
Today sucks 
Today is all about troubleshooting, and not about productivity...  
@tammey Today I have about 100, first time this many have clogged up my inbox 
Hello world this is me. Today is going to be shit with a capital S. I hate gettinglumps cut out 
Today is not my day.... 
Today is me&amp;steve's 4 month anniversary, and he's been playing zelda ever since we woke up 
Today was the worst, physics exam 
Today could have def been better. 
Yesterday, standing... Today, cruising! This is all happening too fast! 
Today has already been hell... shit can't get any worse I don't think... 
Today is So not my lucky day... 
Today sucks 
Don't know about you, but I like organized chaos. Today is company clean-up day, which means I won't know where anything is tomorrow. 
Today isn't a good day 
Today is just not a good day 
Today was supposed to be my official apology day 
Last day of School EVER Today! 
Today sucked bad.! Everything screwed up.! 
Today so did not feel like a day off. 
I just love Transformers!! Today huge day at College..2 big presentations   after that, relaxing and figure out what to do this weekend!
Thursday Today and I Going To Be Working Today  Help!!
Today wasn't so great.  I screamed and bitched the entire day.
On the Today show it said Google Voice is available now...... but its not...   ....Maybe it will be available later today... anyone know?
@springtree Today is cleaning day for me. 
Today i am sad because i am not elgible to adopt a chinese baby 
Today is soo HOTTTT.. why must I need to wear clothing? 
Today is going to be a very long day 
@DidiluvsomeWood Today is the day. My last one  its impossible to ever be ready for something like this.
Today I am the textbook definition of unmotivated. 
I have been unsuccessfully trying to study for EIT exam for many months now.  Today is no different.  
Today is one of the days I consider giving up acting. Seems to be going nowhere for me. 
Today I saw something that I shouldn't have seen. But, what has been seen cannot be unseen... 
Today wasn't a bad trading day, wasn't great either. 
@twliciousness  @Moltz Today Hank learned the painful lesson all boys have to learn about t.. http://tinyurl.com/c6nmgq
@miletbaker yup, well, absorbing + researching info at the mo. Steep learning kurb mixed with a larger mountain to climb! +Surf Today 
I hate cold. Not even kidding. Today is going to be a good day. I can see it now 
Positive Mental Attitude - Today can't be as bad as yesterday. 
Goodmorning, every1! Rejoice! Today is a new day, and all ur troubles R in the past.  There R so many birds w/ distinct songs outside. Aww
Today is the day 
Katies art show today.  Hmm. Today will be cahy000t.
Just got home. Today was good 
@MediaDivo Yesterday was my 6 Month Twitterversay 
Today was, in my humble opinion, a good day. 
Today was absolutely beautiful. I hope we have more days like this. 
@Oprah Today was my first day tweeting, also... 
@rajat_gupta India Today is actually doing decent work, very not so indian type research and bold that they made it cover story 
Breakfast-time! Today I feel like Coco pops. 
Is Having A Chilled Out Day Today 
Yay! Today appears to be a relatively happy day.  Shine on darling summer!  
@varunshridhar Oh yea. Today morn 
Today could be a wonderfull day , it only depends of you ! 
Today will be a good day 
Yesterday I declared the bicycle season open with a first ride to a nearby recr. area. Today I pay the price 
Today was a awesome day... 
@perezhilton interviewed by Psychology Today, that's interesting  http://tinyurl.com/csomgf
Today is a fun day 
Ok @iamdiddy inspired me yesterday. Today is the first day that I'm locking in!  @iamdiddy should've been a motivational speaker!
Today is already a blessed day 
Made a footrest out of a box of toner. Today will be okay. 
Is waiting for the 37 bus. Finished college early! Yay! Today was good. 
Bored now. Today seems to be going well. Just wish it would go a little faster. I wanna go play guitar hero and eat cookies 
@cupcakemafia Haha, I did not even think of Boulder being crazy on #420. Today is also my sister &amp; friends birthday. Hitler too. 
Good morning Berlin! Today first lesson...... I hope for the best.... 
Made it to work. Today is tuesday. One day closer to the weekend. 
April 21 YES!!! Today is MY day! Did I mention that I will go to Peru soon? http://tinyurl.com/d87h2e I am sooo glad 
Today was a fun day 
@markmcnulty haven't used it much yet. Today is a good field test. It's sharp from what I've seen. Have fun in manc 
Todays going to be fun 
'Morning twitter ^^ Today it's shopping yay 
Today looks like a good day for maxidresses and sandals  im well happy
Meal with my gurlies today , so im nao chillaxing after cleaning my room.  Today should be secksy....
Just woke up in Surinam.. no jetlag anymore, THANK YU!! Today sum fun in the city and partying  !!
At the pub, the sun is shining and Tamara should get here soon. Today is a good day 
Today's a big day 
@Frannie726 Yay! Today is the big day! Congrats and enjoy girl! 
HEY * Today JONAS 
Today is going to be a nice and productive day at the office 
Today I will be mostly watching sport! 
Today's workout is shoveling dirt  off to the in-laws.
Today I will be a busy bee!~! I've got to wrap up a very large order of candles. 
@laurapasik Thanks, Laura.  More to it than I imagined, but hoping to unleash today possibly.  Today marks an anniversary.    
Today is going to be a good day-no special reason 
Today is my bday  i'm so happy for that  I'm 15 now 
Today was awesum,  happy to see people 
Today, I will be rider 405  really would be betterer with a supporters...
Beach Ride Today 
Today is a day for making pancakes 
morning exercise continues! Today, will be a bike ride to Albany... even if I'm exhausted 
Today I will have been married for one year! It has gone by sooo fast! I love my @cupc8kes 
Today is a good day for reading, writing and making jewelry 
Today has been a good, funny day 
Today was a good day. 
Love sitting here drawing. Today was horrible exes are a waste of time. You should fallow me 
Today has been a good day 
Today is myn nd jons 4th month 
so the Today show still hasn't gotten in touch with me, i wish they would so i can take my friends and myself to the NKOTB show 
Today is a tuff day...g'morning 
Is Going To Buy A Wacom Today ... Goood Times 
Today is a blessed day 
@balmeras Weekend was quiet, just planning new websites. Today, research and choosing hats. Coffee hat sounds good though. Kettle on 
I actually drove in today - no incidents to report  to quote Ice Cube - Today was a good day
Today is a very good day 
Today felt so much more crazy than it was!!  I digg the new addition to the family! there pretty cool 
Same Difference Today  going to go and have a shower then get ready! 
Hot dogs, hamburgers, salad, fresh cooked out corn - hee!!    I love cookouts. Today doubles as a happy b-day for my bro too!   Laters!
Today was a nice mothers day 
Driving was fun! Today I learnt how to check my blind spots (one more thing for me to do that I always tend to forget). Breakfast time! 
Eating Yogurt, watching CSI miami and then going to bed. Today was a good day 
I must say that I'm very proud of myself. Today was the second time ever using Flash, and I made a fully functioning, calculating quiz. 
Hittin the sack finally. Today was a wett one.  ladies get at me im single.
@JohnChow gotta start somewhere. I did that when I moved to Australia 5 years ago. Today it's all sorted  with couple of assets ;)
@geekmama @mcolbourne Today or tomorrow then? 
Morningg  Today is another day of studying &amp; hopefully watchin the ANTM 12 finale 
I usually nurse Anna back to sleep in the morning. Today she wasn't sleepy. Put her in the crib wide awake and she settled herself down 
Today is a good day. I'm looking forward to it. 
Going home from Zamboanguita!  Today's it's &quot;disperas&quot;! LOL. The food was sooo good! ^^,
Good morning followers! Yesterday was awesome. Today i want to be better... Have a  nice day 
Just paid Princess' very last month of pre-school tuition EVER.  *sigh*  Today is water day at preschool, Tues.. graduation!!!
I am alive...just busy finishing up the last bit of college related stuff. Today SHOULD be my last day 
Yay. Today is a good day. One of my favorite movies is on.  God is good.
Today is B-E-A-UTIFUL! Haha. I love it more than transexual porn. 
Today was a good day. 
Morning everyone. Today is a great day to be joyous 
Good morning! Today i have quite alot of revision to get done for my exams on Tuesday. Atleast its the last week of school... 
Today we begin week of fun 
Today will be a good day! 
Okay, got up half an hour ago, ahah I love Sundays &amp; I love not working on Sundays anymore  Today's cleaning day 
Today is open house day. I hope I get some good leads 
@architeuth1s Today was lovely... tonight has been cool, but I have been basically sitting IN the fire all night, so I am toasty 
Good morning !!  Today seems like a great day to stay home and relax all day!!...I just think I might!! 
Birthday TODAY!   .... gonna watch another episode of One Tree Hill Today      ~Lauren &lt;3
Today was a real good day. 
@bee_marie Yes Game 7! Today is quiet, think I'll be screaming at the game in my house today 
@Dutchrudder that was yesterday, Today we are just being lazy 
Oh Sean you'd love for me to unlock that achievement   Today is a day to do as many obscene things as possible. -Cheers
Today is my grandparents 51 anniversary 
Today is here just 4 hours omfg to see him and I be okay 
Today's service really opened my eyes. 
deary me! i haven't laughed so hard in ages, Today was great, thanks to Dom 
@GarveyBen Weekend was good, did sod all   Yours?   Today been a bloody disaster so far though (work).... sodding technology...
OK, second full day (of three) ahead of me in Berlin.  Yesterday was very WWII. Today, more Cold War.  Learning lots of history by day 
Today was a good day 
is off for Salsa... Today is quite good..  Wish everyone has a nice day, evening or night!
Good morning all! Today is a great day to be alive so I plan to maximize all my moments today so that not one is wasted on the mediocre! 
Today was a very good day 
Good morning!  Today is a day to melt faces with PHP.    Also, I heard there was an earthquake in my homeland.  Is everybody ok?
@sampriestley Bloody over achievers!  Sometimes I think your picture is your left eye and sometimes your right. Today it's deffo left...
!!! !!! !!! !!!  Today's a big day.  
Throat &amp; voice = officially shot (and man does it hurt). But praise the Lord anyway! Today is sunny &amp; lovely...I think I'll wear a skirt. 
@luluchandie85 u're welcome  .... Today the school was boring... and I was interrogated in philosophy T___T
Im wearing my new dress and shoes and i look cute! Today isnt a modest day for me. 
watching The Today Show, getting Lexi off to school, working out and working. Another Monday in Paradise! 
@RawLouLou Just hard enough. How's that? ;) Today we have appointments, so on those days, it balances out the work.  My day is great 2!
Today will be a better day, for you and me 
Got 5 awards at the awards ceremony today, got my yearbook, and got my SAT scores! Today was a good day. 
Morning twitter. Day of Reiki Today!  xxx
Hey all, just woken up. getting UFC Today  Listening to 50 cent atm
Today I go shopping with mom...   lulus konfi Geschenk!!!   ;D
Today is going to be a great day!   
Is soo tired from burning midnight oil. Can't wait for bed to be delivered!  Today will be a great day! Optimism counts right?
Today is going to be a good day... I can feel it 
Morning All! Carnival Today 
Today is friday. i kinda forgot. i'm almost a senior. 
Today is the day 
Today is a great day... 
Good morning my friends...how are you? Today is going to b a wonderful day 
Debbie is over. Today will be funnn. Energy drinks,ciggz,makeovers,shopping&amp;nana carol 
@ashaman212 that movie looks awesome! Today is also the birthday of Conan Doyle.  http://www.apple.com/trailers/wb/sherlockholmes/
@20ishtraveler Today's the big day! you've already made me proud!!    p.s. left annapolis a little too early, obama gave commencement.
@bru_toldo Maibe you can know some new people. Today is a day to celebrate!  Drink some wine!
Sunny day! Family day + Today is going to be the best day of my life 
So much for a lie in, had to get up to mix down that track and send it off! Happy now, clothes shopping now. Today is a purple suit day 
Today was a very successful day of unemployment. 
@Gilamuffin That's good! I hope ur back 2 100% soon. I took 2 days off from the gym. (No choice, they were closed) Today wasn't bad tho. 
Good morning  Today I hope to work on (&amp; complete) intfc to dnld inventory-data into into #Comanufacturing-mgmt-app. Meeting in afternoon.
Just getting in from dinner. Today was a great day! 
Today wasn't so bad really. Now off to home 
Today has been a great day. 
Today starts a new day! 
Today was such a long day  had my last performance. And it turned out very nice. I love my techno lady.
Yay!!!   Today went brilliantly!!  Everything went perfectly !!  Bring on the weekend  
Today is the day 
Today was a good day. 
@taylorswift13  No sleep can definitely make you crazy.  Hopefully you'll get a little cat nap before the Today show.  
Today I'm off to reposess a farm (not my normal duties, but it pays!), then a gun safe to open somewhere else.... 
Today is a good day 
Today, I am a sewing genius! 
Good morning people of twitter. TGIFriday! Thats wassssup! Today is going to be a hellofagood day! 
