Most common words for this cluster:
[('today', 3752), ('im', 212), ('day', 150), ('lol', 143), ('na', 142), ('oh', 141), ('amp', 104), ('yesterday', 95), ('http', 88), ('u', 82), ('tomorrow', 79), ('com', 73)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'today', 0.74921053647995), (u'ROBERT_BLAGOJEVICH', 0.6627475023269653), (u'NOVAK_DJOKOVIC_Yeah', 0.6553124189376831), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.6502026915550232), (u'@_kiranchetrycnn_@', 0.6486058831214905), (u'SERENA_WILLIAMS_Well', 0.642691969871521), (u'dylan###v', 0.6422781348228455), (u'tomorrow', 0.6416268944740295), (u'ANDY_RODDICK_Yeah', 0.6413643956184387), (u'AM\xc9LIE_MAURESMO', 0.6407036185264587)]





have watched that considering today. yaknow. shawnna tomomorrow;i need my bestfriend 
@MaryBethune oh no! with everything that happened today, i forgot we were going dress shopping for the opera tomorrow. 
@bkGirlFriday dude it snowed here today...cant imagine the weather in hawaii right now 
Allergies playin up like mad today 
I had plans today, and now I'm scared of you know, moving, for fear of teh boke  fml.
It was going to be sunny today, right? Why do forecasters always put my hopes up?  #fb
Still a bit sick  But working on 2 articles today
@swati121 yeah i havnt got any crad/unlimited to text/call either  sucks. will catch up with you today sometime!! xxxxx
is playing basketball today? lol. i wanna go to the pub 
@kevatkinson My bro and sis but very young, mums working today so thought i would help out... I don't have any sun 
@mileycyrus aww I feel u u just woke up for school  hopefully I'll meet u today hah &lt;3
ugh todays going to be so bad 
@roseformyrose oh I am feeling the same today 
@izzy4u thanks dear... we had two more tremors today, I'm ok but the poor people in l'Aquila are really in difficulty 
dont want to study today. want to pack my bags and leave. could it get any worse 
think i may have to go to the er today 
So sick! I don't wanna miss class today 
hatesss side effects  at least im better today &lt;3
doesn't wanna do uni work today but has to 
one of the bunnies died today  It wasn't my fault! It wasn't my fault!!!! 
stitchin up some sweet woodgrain print jeans today and tonight!  No partying for me this week 
going to my least favorite classes today ugh i hate tuesdays!!! 
wants to go to #smc_mcr and #phpnw &quot;real meets&quot; sometime.... not going to happen today though. 
@JohnPeel haha oh yeah, i thought today was the 8th then!! my bad 
I can't believe that I am still waiting for a damn delivery. It's clearly not coming today. 
stupid cocking megavideo :@ wish wixi wasnt down today 
boss is in san diego today. i hurried to work for no reason 
there was a little dead bird on our mat just outside our door today. He fell from the nest just after he came into the world....sad 
uhm, had pft 2.4 run today and i failed. 
@iamdiddy U sound like me just b4 I hit 1.5 hrs. Sadly today I was outlasted by a woman who was clearly 70! No jokes!   She's a machine!
got to finish my hw today  almost done.lol.
im not ready for today 
@snorrick yea, I was wearing my oldest most worn out pair. I REALLY need to mow my grass today, but I don't think I'll be up to it now 
@triplethreat06 now that is ugly! I wanted to go to the international fest today.  booo!
arsenal are gonna lose today i think, makes me sad  just found jonny craig on this, actually my hero (L)
are you still down for horton today? or are you gonna ditch me to do something else  b/c you know you would. HAHA, jkjk!
ugh why did i make a hair appointment today i wanna stay sleeping 
what should i do today? hanging out in my dude's backyard with sonic youth fell through 
gettin me some eats, i have no stories to tell today 
off today...really bummed that a week ago today britney wil be in vegas and i wont be able to go 
did so many arrands today and im so tired  need nap before babysitting
god is mad cause all time low doesn't come to houston enough, thats why its raining today. 
@TheRealJordin  there's no beach here..but i am pretty sure its nice outside..im going to the movies today though.. you're lucky!!
Late to rise today.   about to jive myself with some java!!
i wanna see fleet foxes at coachella today 
@ohhmelodies aww! I wanted to wear a dress today but I left it at my mom's? 
@hollybebs not till later.. I gotta move all this shit into the apt today.. Awww maleia wanted to see blaiseyyyy 
today I was told that I was desperate for love... sad thing is that I may have to agree 
ughh nothing to do today  and so pretty outside..
not feeling all that wonderful today. damn migraine... 
elena lost today after a great fight 
lump on my wrist kind of freaked me out yesterday   - definitely a cyst, but today learned it's basically harmless
Just ate at chick-fil-a. It's really rainy today 
@pink2378 why did today suck? 
anyone still play neopets? I'm &quot;brunhilde&quot; on there, keep me company, savvy? (laid up in bed today with flu)  #fb
im feeling reallly down today 
Not getting my guitar hero today. All that excitement for nothing 
I miss sparky!! (boyfriend's doggie) i didn't get to see him today... 
back to audio...i think today is going to be a total audio day...which means we have to create the intro and outro animations tomorrow  
after chillin' with @WaitPauseThat @sdotkdotc and @joannakrystle, I now want a blackberry. I felt left out today 
@kenny1002 I have 7 ton of topsoil to deal with today 
@ankita_gaba ya both r there today. 
i think i'm gonna try and use this more often....today i set my alarm for 9.30 instead of 10.30 by acident 
forgot to wish @HelentheKing the best of look for her interview today! ps last night got worse! and i was very tired! 
today i have been in switzerland for 3 months. one quater of the way done. gone by so quickly 
Headed in to the valley today, grampy has pneumonia &amp; doesn't look good. 
ahhh it looks so sunny .. however I still need a scarf today, considering my current health condition  oh well, not hot pants today ;)
got to go back to my place today now that the easter holidays are over, won't see my friends for 2 weeks!. sad sad sad faces   
god got so much work to do today and 3 hour rehearsal later.. got alot to do before tomorrow..! 
quasimodo genitii: good morning from rainy ks: @work; will miss holy supper today;     ;constructing 'to conquer' list; reveiwing russian
I want to talk to people  I'm gonna try and do 200 updates today! 
man, i feel really down today  like, EVERYONE has met JLS and got pics with them, apart from me  it makes me cry dude  xx
argh bloody english essay!! booooooo  although it is gorgeous outside today in scotland! i was very surprised when i woke up and saw sun!
bringing baby to the drs today at 1030 -yuck- poor little dude, im hoping it just allergies and not the beginnings of something serious 
hope the er isnt to busy today but the nice weather doesnt keep people healthy or safe 
going to a bridal shower today, looks like its going to rain 
http://twitpic.com/3li79 - i took ALL of these down today  there are even more on other walls!
beign sad cause my friend txt me and said she couldn't hang out today. 
Being sick sucks..couldnt sing today. Hopefully i sleep this thing off..can't eat anything, and have to work tomorrow.  pray for me pl ...
aww johnathon cook is in nashville today  i would so go find him if i could drive!
gota do lots of hw today 
sittin here being bored nuthing really going on today as alwayz 
i dont wanna get out of bed today 
Why do I feel like I'm gonna pass out today?! 
trying to ring someone in portugal but my bloody phone wont let me!!! today isnt my day to be honest 
Hormones are playing hell with my moods today  
moody today  grrrr
got made redundant today! oh the shame 
I just can't seem to do anything right today. maybe I should just take a nap. 
think quidditch is going to be a bust today 
oh my goodness today is a perfect day. really wish I could go ride 
can't believe I bought a pocketwatch today...now off to the trains to go back to essex and edit essays all night  I don't wanna leave
take a nap! today is dragging by sooo slooowwww 
i'm off to get food. my brother went fishing today  but didn't catch any fish, thank god.
so i have the flu  thank god for the lakers game today!
@officialnjonas hey! whats up? my bird died today  his name was jonas
ok so never went to the movies because friend wasn't feeling well  but next weekend.  back to work today, wasn't too bad.
it was 80-90F in cali today  so jealous!!!
@freakyfudge thats all i have done today..nothing else..  i think we need to have a party soon.
lost today  but my team won  thats the main thing!!!!
's best friend died today  #fb
has had a rethink about todays plans after checking her account .... looks like it's just housework today then 
The sky plus box crashed yesterday I have no idea what I am going to do today my TV is gone  no 24 tonight and all my saved stuff is gone!
Morning tweeple. Hows everyone today? I'm busy as allways 
its raining.. yay! because of that, my bestfriend wasn't able to come over today... 
looks like i'm gonna do overtime today 
ha i only just got up . erm i think college is a miss today?! 
god im tired today 
up, real sad i'm not going anywhere today!  oh well haha.
am in much pain from digging today. think i have to give up my lovely allotment. or swap to a smaller one. makes me cry thinking about it 
@nicksbabe28 hey i'm doing good hun. back @ college today tho  how are you?
The window I sit near in the office looks onto a golf course, which is putting me on a right downer cos it's sooo nice outside today 
http://twitpic.com/3ndt6 my babies getting his operation today  dont know what i'll do if he's not ok, really need mark to talk to 
A lovely day today, apart from theres nothing to do 
@robinec i realllllly wish i was! i couldn't get off today  i'll be watching like a maniac online though. so jeal you'll see in person!
@soundlyawake i love youuuu! haha oh yes bbq was good but getting drunk on a sunday was bad news bears.. work all day today 
why is it raining? Noooooooooo! suppose to rain today and tomorrow. all freakin day too. I might have to cancel that hair appointment. 
I wanna wake up feeling beautiful today &amp; tomorrow &amp; everyday! I'm sick of feeling &amp; looking like shit   
@salspizza yep those tests were in jan  so will know if i still have a heart today LOL
ok, nvm round 2 for today... just unloaded a truckload  of wood and my wrist shouted &quot;I quit&quot; 
can't settle to anything today  Lots to do, but uncertainty makes it difficult to prioritize
ohhh man, why didnt someone tell me it was suppose to rain today  There goes my plans for walking!
oh man it's gloomy today 
..so it's monday @ 6:47am &amp; I think I should stop reading tweets &amp; get on up now...  today is s'posed 2 b beautiful!!!
I feel like shit today 
@chigga_03 what happened? didn't it work out good for ya today? 
@KillerQueen09 I hope you feel better soon that's horrible bout what happened  I hope he's ok I'll be on geeks radio today at noon my time
horrid headache.  today sucks.
Iamdiddy: my little boy had a fever today too  get some rest n chix soup!
Ah yah! I missed out on the beach today, and I got a speeding ticket!!  no bueno!
 seems a few ppl r down today including myself :S I should try get happier
I don't wanna do cold calling today 
yesterday sunny, today raining no wonder someones always ill!!! 
got abused by some freaky lady on the train today. mum says i need to report it 
@ianmasterson it is vwry summery today, shame I've a headache for the 4th morning in a row 
@jamestubb damn I wish I was there!!! Couldn't make it after today tho 
Eeeeeeee, omg. I ate so much today. 
i'm alive today! but also very upset we better have got the right tix or will be able to get them or i might cry. 
sch00l today  boo.
school. pe today, oh the joy! 
i'm sad coz our basketball training was canceled for today... 
woke up this mourning with a sore throat..fcuk! :@  this is so not cool lol. dont want to go to school today.
@kcewing i miss you too already  summer is amazing already.. haha not really but i unpacked everything today and worked. hows yours?
I'm kinda sad.  I never got my chocolate milkshake today. 
put a &quot;MUST have&quot; skirt on hold at Artizia , and couldn't get it today  hopefully it's still there by tomorw 
not feeling my best today. even my makeup looks totally blah. sighs. i don't wanna go to work  i feel agitated as it is
@JohnJiao i've been studying my ass off today, but i don't test very well. 
just saw the new X-men movie, so great! had a good day today, and tomorrow i get to start packing ya go moving! 
my hair was very wavy today, and it made me miss houston. 
@lmv09 you ignored me twice today   and yeah i can give you the business hahaha
is feeling very tired and shit today 
dont want to work today  i wish i was going on holiday or something, maaaan bad bad vibes xx
noo.. this is getting worse. I'm totally asleep only after 7am for today! &quot;thinking too much&quot; syndrome is here to stay. 
i have to study today  , but first i'm gonna shop with my mom
Feeling proper weird today 
[-O] final today...wish me luck,...  http://tinyurl.com/czbhja
not alloweed in town today  :'( muma me mums such a bitch
@kylesaywhat awwww boooo kyle  they stole me at like 2am today, like creepers...
Pretty annoyed right now, found out earlier that the helmet I bought today has a damaged visor, back to the shop on monday it is 
so unwell today  waiting for the mum to vacate the building... didnt know what vacate meant tbh
woke up waay too early today  but anywho talk to me
gotta clean my room today...ugh then work 3-11 with some1 i cannot stand 
workin a double today 
getting ready to go to bush gardens. and its suppose to rain today  oh well. live life to the fullest 
missed the fact machine today, oh no 
im hungry nothing to do today  im bored i feel like being on tour!
I wanted to go and see the bunnies today, no such luck 
More spring cleaning in the gite today. Just let all the curtain hems down cos they shrank when I washed them - I hate sewing too 
lonleyness sucks vagina!!!!!!  AND i have to go back to the hell hold called pizza ranch today  not to happy about it
I feel better today even tho i didn't win the 242million last night 
@DavidArchie hey david! what are you up to today? i'm studying for finals.. and it's so nice out! 
Looks like att network sucks again. No pandora at gym today 
tennis was good today, shame about the loss to marcus &amp; anthony at the end though... 
is fighting allergies and i'm getting my butt kicked!... i have too many things to do today... this cant be good! 
@fulhamgagsy och,not the result you hoped for today eh? 
is really feeling shitty today 
@thetealgiraffe yeah. well finally my computer got fixed now and i turned fifteen today. i'd like to have a party but we're broke. 
I can't believe I am graduating today...this sucks 
@joeruinslives I miss you too big homie! We left today. You, me, and daniel are hanging when you get back! Much hang outs are overdue 
@chris_ryall wish i could have made it today  hit my local shop instead &amp; got some great goodies.
going to bed started to get tired ....supose to be going to dinner tomarow with dad ....if he doesnt lie like he did today ..  Nites
no bamboozle today. lame. but tattoo makes up for it. no bamboozle tomorrow. what makes up for it? ABSOLUTELY FUCKING NOTHING 
@cheboludo why u sad naco?  hey u did good on sales today!!! 
oh dear feeling really ropey this morning! meant to be going out today but looks like i may have to cancel. rubbish 
feelin so lazy today... 
@kazwccsocialnet if thats the case, It will take till today evening to get online,.. 
ow my leg.  no conserving, running or climbing for me today 
today gunna be boring stuck at home 
@cherrycokerocks oh god yes, it was lovely! I'm cold today though so no more ice cream for me 
oh, and bob is moving in today! that does however mean that my 2 favorite girls are leaving 
weee moto gp today with my lurvley boyf. i burnt my tongue the other day &amp; now all i can taste is like a metallic blood taste. sadface 
dont feel good today 
for some reason im going to see wolverine today, i dont even get a say in the matter 
im sick  i  took a  four hour nap yesterday and my little sister is making her 1st communion today so i have to go (even though i am sick)
@muffinwomanxo lol yeah ask a ninja is very funny!, what u up too today? I've been on a train for 4 hours  boo
not getting laptop today  however just bought it one amazon instead, and daddy bought me 3 books as well to compensate 
is still home. looking forward to my roast today. missing kia lots thought 
i feel nice today, even tho i couldnt get on any ride today because of the fucking smelly rain! 
big kahuna in town today-- gotta run to work to prepare a kemp memorial for display at lied center and institute. sad news 
No bamboozle today  gotta stay safe and awkward pains aren't good.
Tidyin' up my messy room and then just go out for a walk. I don't wanna study today 
nice and sunny today but as per usual am stuck inside doing revision 
@JOECOLUMBO yes sir..what's on ur agenda today? The weather is sorta crappy 
is disappointed with her starbucks beverage today. 
youtube sucks today  And I was so looking forward for entertainment...
ew - woke up mad early with a temperature and soar throat. on meds, konking out  was looking forward to fellowship today...
in other news: today: supposed to be me and my homie... just me... no homie 
feeling blah today gotta headache and lil bit nauseous. so much for todays cardio 
wow....slept in kinda late today. But it's rainy and messy....no taking the dog to the park today. 
cant sleep  but hopfully today will be fun!
My dog died yesterday so im really down today 
@krist0ph3r i didnt want today to end at all dang it...oh well what can i do abt that now  
@cwtchesandchaos thanks for the link... I think I can't pimp myspace today... so busy with my presentation for tuesday 
@YoungTy551 Thiiiiiiiick! Hahhaha what u up to today! It looks wack owtside 
ahh man red wings lost!!!  it was a good game though and plus all new disney episodes on today so hyped hahaha
@stringeilcuore yeah you did  I've been really sick today
sick in bed. no recording today  -kyle
@mobethsmom yeah I know.  I'm really glad hank stayed home today to let me rest. I'm very lucky.
@cayleem I was going to use it in my shoot today but still haven't been able to find it  and that twit pic is wicked! xo
@PushPlaySTEVE it was so good seeing you again today! i missed you guys so much! sorry i couldnt make it to your guys set  i had to leave
at juan's house. awwww today was our last performance of the musical im sad  someone text me.
@WeTheTRAVIS i wassupposed to go to that today! im so heated i didn't 
today was a boring day  .....im tired...about to go to bed in a few
@meaghanellenxo it's ok, I'm so bored and I really want chocolate lol  how are you today?
@happyhammer66  yip!! typical bank holiday weather lol alright for some getting to sneak off early  at least i get [aid alot today 
@itsOAK man, I have NO idea where tht part of me went, it was found today it been yrs since i just went off like that. sayn hurtful mess. 
is just awake from sleep  http://bit.ly/mBoDj I know I feel not very well today 
@e_m_u  bastard!!! i really wanted to go today too....works blows all kinds of donkeys... 
@e_m_u bastard!!! i really wanted to go today too....work blows all kinds of donkeys... 
ugh, dont know what to tell myself -_-&quot; im really going to miss Juwniorr, it just hit me today and i cant do anything about it! 
@realmarycarey m right there with you x I hate when u find out someone u truly trusted is not what they seemed m a lil disappointed today 
@BIRCHY50 good morning lynn. laughing at what u said. think ill just decorate the kitchen today 
yay! its mi bday today..no longer a teen  lolsz
iphone still not working... won't be able to twitter on the go today 
@jobsworth I feel talent is in shorter supply than marketing with today's &quot;stars&quot; here-today-gone-tomorrow 
forgot to take photos today. I'm going to have to improvise 
says today is not my day.  http://plurk.com/p/rp6fe
@fs82 yeah, its #jugglecon 2 today, and we are in a field so itll be wet and marshy 
wheater is crap today   but i'll make it through!
oh dear! I have a hangover but I have so  much to do today 
Looks like today will be split between cleaning and marking, sad I can't garden, but think that would count as overdoing it on my ankle 
woke up abit late today but feeling refreshed!! gunna try and get some revision in today 
had so much fun today !  thanks guys. \/ || bettina left for europe todayy. 
cinema today, i cnt wear my new dress tho cus its raining 
im still ill  feel worse than yesterday!!  on the brightside ima getting a wii fit today  woop!
home alone today  any ideas im so bored and its raining in swansea 
ughh I hate mondays! 10hr day at work today! omg not looking forward to that!!!! 
erin is leaving today. Lansing is gonna get lonley again. 
learnt my lesson today - don't go to work with a hangover when you work with kids    @davidvisser make me a coffee pls
Schooool is extra sucky today 
hey!  how come i can't follow anyone new today??  TWITTER!!!!  
I have to take Bean to the vet today -- her left back leg keeps hurting her 
Off to bed..not feeling ok..tho i had my anti flu shot today.. 
ahhhh it's 5:43 and I'm almost done with my essay yaaay! i dnt think i'll be making it to class today tho  i'm soooooooooo sleeepy
no tennis today.      no long run down the avenue.   damn.
@dougiemcfly doug wens the falling in love single out emma sed its out today but i cant find it 
my cat just pased away today  thats a really sad day today!! its suck! i don`t believe in god any more!
off to watch chloe and caden soo happy i havent seen them since tuesday stupid tummy flu  yay ... today
It poured like anything today in bangalore and its still raining pretty bad outside... was planning to leave but I cant! 
@clarissasays thankkss ! i saw that dougs actually responded a girl today.. that loser! should have talked to us yesterday  oh well
im a letter away from having my 3 best friends w me today. got the b, got the r, miss the l like whoa 
is working *snore*... I wish I could escape to my alter-reality of books... Both girls get their shots today.  
@monashoj hahaha im good hopefully i can go to sleep tonight lol i was sooo tired today 
leaving orlando today  i'm going to miss it!!
what a boring shitty bank holiday today has b een 
hi everyone not feeling so well today 
back to work, blah, blah, blah. I have a bad attitude today 
woah party foul on boating today it broke down 
@jordanmesser  ok, i know ive tweeted you 4957830457times today, but i just got your note that you wrote me!!! i was sad i couldnt come 
im exhausted. pulled a double shift today 
went to a land of wonder today ... really SSSLLEEEPPPYYY .. but need to do stupid religion essay 
no one believes that flo rida was at mission mall today  they're so naive.
@jessal27 feels like today was a let down... overall. &lt;--I'm sorry.  What happened?
today i cried bc alex hidden behind a wall and i didnt know where she went. i am such bad abandonment issues. 
awww, today's sooo hot!! I hate summer 
@drylll and no fair... U get to eat pepper lunch today 
@REDHEADEDSLUT i wont i have to drive  no shit face for me today still might pis in the ally to keep the tradition going lol
alalla ! today was a great day , knee is effing killiong me tho 
The redsox lost today  sad moment
missed jonas today 
my xbox live gold subscription was cancelled today  now i g2 buy a 1 year subscription. blah but its ok because its only like $50 i think
@joshua2327 eh good...but i didn't do anything constructive today  how are you?
No mann today...  u got my number stupid text me
@abuscher it's ok bb we're almost done, we're supposed to be fucking around constantly!  that's all i did today too.  except not @ beach 
Just woke up with a headache, recording loud electric guitars today is going to be fun 
michelle made me cry today  my heart of stone has melted away
miss my mummy all the way in canberra today 
omfg NEVER again!! soo sick and gotta play a show today 
#SanctuarySunday @sez101 yeah, we had seven yesterday, but I can only find two and a quarter (lol) today 
cant believe she is going out in public with runners on today. i feel like a knackbok 
Its so sunny today, i dont wanna be stuck inside 
der waz nothing at the white house market   today   
well im enjoying the weekends while they last, mondays come round for too quick  going to see baby ruby today then just chill!!!!!!
http://twitpic.com/4wszk - today, sam broke my shoe.  so she bought me these fluffy things. haha 
really want to do something today.....dont want to waste another day 
@DebbieFletcher my sister onse got her hand stuck to the iron &quot;/ wasnt good  how are you today debbie?? xxx
@aimzx_x just cos its so early  yeah havnt done that either......fail lol. been driving today?
full!!! i eat like a lot today! and now feeling sleepy. thats why i never have a flat stomach 
Is gonna have to revise at some point today, geography or economics, or both! 
@cheekygene oh I see like that is it, oh well, looks like I won't be mowing meadows today... 
I wish I was with my momma today. 
oh soccer all day today and no boyfriend, faaaaantastic 
Up earlyy. No fun today, gotta study 
Just talked to my momma...I'm feeling far away today.  
@aryanmaine aw ya geordan hasnt texted me at all today 
I don't wanna go to work today...  Or anyday... when will I win the lottery?
did NOT get an revision done today !  fair to say im fucked  ?
 sad day today.... Lets make the best of it, at least im going shoe shopping and getting a new bikini....
Celebrating the best mom ever today! (just wish we were in the same town) 
[-O] @jessbarrow i miss you guy a lot today. I wish i could be there, I need love  http://tinyurl.com/qvzgpc
Only 1 person noticed I wore my s'moovs shirt on today.  That means the pop culture phenomena is fading 
glad we took mommy out ystrday but now i can't hang with granny today 
My mom told me today she has two lumps on her breast. I'm shocked and I'm unsure what to do cause I'm scared for her. 
@ninjasarah is everything okay? I wanted to talk to you today. 
@RadioU well does this mean our conversation will end in a minute?  cause this has made me happy today.
omg i miss him so much 2morrow is his bday so he's out partyin w/ his boys today they had a football game for him..wanna hear his voice 
cut/stabed [by accident] myself 3 times today  totally sux!!!
insufficient twitter juice today 
enjoyed today with brian, carol and mom, but is sad that amy had to miss out  get well soon sister!
@danslamer  boy problems? I saw matt taylor at the movies today..for some reason i couldn't stop laughing haha
just realized i didnt take any pictures with my mom today?? 
yeah so mimi went home early today... she was crying   i really hate airhead right now
@ammiisaurusrexx haha yer I didnt think he was at school today cause he  got knocked out while playing afl  and I didn't burn it soup! 
@madamecupcake You're so lucky to be able to call her.  I miss my grandma sooooo much today 
wow...i REALLY wish I could sleep - maybe sleeping for 12 hours was not such a good idea today...oh well 
I bit my lip so much today out of nervousness that now its all owie and bleedy   
If you stole my duck out of my jeep today, please return it 
mmm, just woke up... gotta go to work today 
morning! religious studies exam today and I don't believe I can do this one  wish me luck.. xxxxx
why is everyone being a total dbag today?? 
glad kris is in finale! but is really bummed about friendships. and just getting hurt. and her heart hasn't been doing good today... 
oh cindy leaving town today, that means i got kick back to reality 
@settleforsatin sorry i missed you in the office today! i was there for about 6hrs and so were you, but we somehow managed to not overlap 
I'm so tired  but no toothache today. I want my love here with me
is headed to bed gotta rest the arm it's really sore after today ouch  but i wouldn't have it any other way
last general studies exam today - what a load of crap 
@mikestopforth bummed to be missing your talk today dude  hope there's a vid though! all the best!
@evantaubenfeld there is something diffrent in the chat today..to bad I missed you yesterday 
Is nervous as shit today!  meeting with big boss to see if i have passed my nvq 2  good luck to me
helloo twitter i have to miss placment again today cos i have a stupid cold 
@alicephilippa Wish I could  knee very sore hurts just to stand today.  *offers hugs as substitute*
@mistadee you ok today snookums, we still on for bank holiday,i best be getting a get well soon text tomorrow  meep!!!operation tomoz  x
Even facebook doesnt want to hear my jokes today 
@robbarrett yea its a bit grey today up north  not good!
going back to bolton today. dont want to though 
:-[   ipt testtmw, nooo, so sad, thats my update today, no ides what to twitt
i'm soooo tired  listening to Gabeeee.. and my dad's snoring :[ drove out a little past honolua earlier today. then. hung out at flemings.
he's having a flu..pity him!! get well soon dear..its not a good meal that i cooked today 
feeling alll sleeeeepy...   ate like a whale today...
@karinb_za hahaha, we got radio on. *sob* i didn;t come in early today so couldn't listen to my twilt music 
i bit my tounge last night and it went all numb and tingly. It still really hurts today! 
its extremely hot today..my face felt like it was burning while I was driving da bike! 
I feel like crap today! 
@stigsy why would you ever think that? (ok so maybe dougie and harry are doing a sigining there today) you know me too well 
goin paintballing today. quite dissapointed didnt realise it was wargames 
@nikipaniki oh shitt! I completely forgot there was a #sgtweetup today  will have to meet u guys another time..
@charlii1 sweet im so excited  aww i missed u guys today 
ellie hates greenfield schools today... they get to have fall out boy as their principal on friday... 
been good tonight - despite watching some youtube  i have kept my usage down to 85mb today - still 9 days to make 2479mb last though 
Lily is getting fixed today...they are keeping her overnight! booo! Now who will cuddle with me tonight 
@eCelebrating ick is right hubby in the doghouse today 
Last night was no bueno! So sick today! 
My zumba class is cancelled  so i am on the eliptical today watching regis and kelley very boring
supersonic flight speed color correcting today, i can do this.  man, i'm so behind on blog readings 
had to get rid of her pup today  sad now that shes gone!
No toffeenut syrup at starbucks today 
im little down today for numerous reasons   ......
My head is still killin me! It's not looking good yall. I might have to hit up the hospital.  shits wack, I got things to do today.
@fer319 i'm bored  i have to work forever today. and it's beautiful today  meow meow. my parents won't let me get a cat. boo.
will be finished with my book today. books from amazon better be here today. last percy jackson  then starting sookie stackhouse
i have cried enought tears today to make my eyes burn. and make them bright red        simple plan &quot;worst day ever&quot; ? http://twt.fm/115414
12 yrs ago today the greatest grandpa in the world left my side    I miss u so much welito
http://twitpic.com/5cett - this is my sissy from earlier today in the hospital. she looks worse now since the bruises are forming 
@KatieATL he's not mine anymore, adn he was like yesterday.. 
watching get smart :: now im bummed that i was at the disney concert hall a week ago from today  :: i miss caliii!
@LadieJade actually something's wrong with the fone because my gmail wasn't coming thru today either 
wants more karma. my karma today is 32.12.  http://plurk.com/p/uaomf
@helenaanneh yeah i'm okay. i'm just in a weird mood today i feel like i'm not wanted anywhere  xoxo
@carolynne2605 not alot  so lots of jelly &amp; icecream today then LOL
Feels a tad hungover today AND I have to cook lunch 
hates the weather! no tennis for today, boohoo  http://plurk.com/p/uax87
godd morning all, me is feel ill today  how are you
@susannar100 Not keen on fringe today, sorry but it had to be said. #fringefailure 
@handcraftedbyme  we wanted to go to boot fairs today but its peeing it down! 
michael is away today for 5 days on a course  dont want him to go
@GenkiGenki yes koi cafe is good!! but you've to drink it once you buy it otherwise the ice wil melt and dilute it like mine today 
off to see angels and demons today ... early hope its good will tweet how it is when i get back.... to bad i cant do it on my phone 
mad because it's raining outside, which means i can't hit the open road today 
can't wait for the game today salfordvhuddersfield on bbc radio leeds can't go to match can't afford it and no ticket  we will win i hope!
Morning guys, was up early so see if our horse was racing today but he's got a bruised foot so got to wait tip wednesday now 
@rees397 I normally do but I have tons to do today 
@Loziie123 tbh, we were never gonna win- the fact that we made the top 5 was an amazing achievement!! Why is today a horrible day?   x
Just so everyone knows, if you try to text me today, I won't reply...I ruined my phone, amazing what just a tiny bit of water will do. 
eeeeeeee... anyone have any ideas what i could do today.. im really bored  oooooohhhhhhhhhhhh well... *yawn*... wait, im not even tired...
@MyAnonymity And where is mine?    I'm thinking I'm gonna need lots of caffeine today,..
I feel kind of like crap today. And by 'kind of', I mean today sucks so far. 
Ah...no chris almond today? 
Man the rain sucks ass.  I wanted to go to kennesaw mnt today 
nothing to do today  might c a movie with my sister and dad but not sure yet. text me!!!
@christina1986 same here! this bad weather is just depressing!  i wanted to do so much today but i can't get my ass up to do something! :S
cooking chicken today whilst they watch the cricket ... domestic godess today dont want to work tommorrow  i luv sundays hate mondays xx
Wants to paint today, but her dad doesn't. 
found out my aunt died at 4pm today in the phils... no more 'where's the lizard?' 
Would love to work on the felted/embroidered purse today but I have web stuff that must be done. 
my brother is at wimbledon watching the special matches today after flying in from new york this morning - i am very, very jealous 
I didnt sit on a little strea but by a little stream, btw...writing is not for me today 
the boys are soooo quiet today  We better get some tweets off them later!! xxx
Aids walk concert today rained out  we will not be playing!  aids walk still happening tho!
the comic is gonna be late, peeples. totally spaced on doing one today  i need to be more organised!
I have done like nooooo revision today 
my internet is a joke today, i hate sharing the line 
@JennyDew awww sorry girl havent been on...hubby just got out of hospital crazy weekend  but hes better now.....and today we have snow...
Oops, i meant to say I think i have to get shots today 
ugh i don't wanna work today at 3  this is going to be hell, my legs hurts so bad from yesterday! ahhhhh
@JGDemas yeh i am today!hahaha! not feeling myself today 
@benitamckelvey I don't think I can play today. Lots of stuff to do today and no time for fun 
I'm finally 18 and today i am gonna do fun stuff that you can do when you turn 18. not a tattoo though. lameee. i want one 
okk so i just saw the finale of the qame cuz i dvr'd it &amp;+ i cried like a baby.. omq i'm so emotional today 
Almost done with this term! Why does it have to be so nice out today while im stuck in here 
@caroldn Just read abt your dream  Sounds like u have great plans for today
working bright and early today... boo  oh well i'll be off soon... kinda
@GodGivenBeauty im hella bored right now...its no sunshine today   how about u?
My cat is having her babies today. she already had one but it died  oh well. at least we didn't have time to get attached to it.
Just wake up and its raining  the jb concert was suposed to be today 
lol oh i mad a u @kevindavis1914 i didn't get crushed!!  lol ... i think i'll just be a heathen today
feeling down today, cant find anything to wear that makes me look good for a wedding 
@RoothieRaWr yeh i know, but i swear i think i need new wrists  ahaa i haven't revised all of today, i'm stupid.. oh did u get my text? xD
@BoringPostcards nope he doesn't seem to be there today, darnit! 
star trek today? FINALLY? idk, dnw to jinx it 
had the best evening last night but today couldnt have got any worse 
church was good today as usual! wish  i had a sunday dinner 
@livefreeortour thank ya!! no gno today? 
i guess im doing laundry with the townies today... 
it is ridiculously nice outside. there's gotta be something to do today..i want some barbq 
omg today sucks.  why does it have to be raining again???  why can't i jus tlive somewhere where it is warm and sunny 
told my stepmum today that james morrison was supporting when she goes to see take that. had no effect on her whatsoever. 
mum cracked it at me for seeing how the internet worked on my hopefully temporary phone she's really grumpy today  it only cost 8c sheesh
gotta go and have a shower mum was yelling at me again  i don't like her mood today, and i was happy 
nostalgic mode....saw pics of old classmated on the net today...how i wish id get to know where and how theyre doing today 
RE and maths today 
should stop waking up at 4  get to see sarah today  i think someones messed the keys up. gonna see who my real friends are today as well
@genvsjohnny yeah sorry goo.  just realised today.
Please don't let college drag today....I don't think I could take it 
@dawnmcwilliams sorrrry been very busy today couldnt come on at all 
I think I may have failed my pe sac today 
in honour of @joy_inc I have made a 'to do' list, I am gonna miss you loads today 
I'm gonna feel like shit at uni today, I'm still whacked up on antibiotics 
Maths exam today, think i'm gonna cry. Its going to be so bad 
wheezing like a squeeky toy and sound like I've been inhaling helium  Doesn't look like I'll be doing much today. le fail 
@PrincessAngel76 hahaha seriously!!!! I've been okay though. exhausted most of the time  plus the weather isnt helping. today's hot. tmrw
Nearly went through a red light today opps 
maths exam today, yikes! 
morning @cassandroar you need to ring me about today. goin into college for abit of revision! 
not very well today  but on the plus side I can stay in my duvet...
today I am mostly mourning the loss of my bestest work buddy 
@livinginfiction oh no.  what happened today?
Just found out today that yeah I can be in this mag but gotta go to jersey on my own money and it would be tfp. 
@Fifikins arrrgh do mine? I cant be bothered  - you can tell by yestrdays effort. prob more of the same today
lots to do today - and still mourning the death of my camera 
@petewentz i am soooooooo sad the tour is over no magic in the air today!    
this is booring  And im supposed to put up some website today... MAN!! I hate stress!!
omg i don't sleep nothing yesterday and today  i wanna sleep i'm too fucking tired 
I really look awfull today,like i have never looked this bad! even my mum agrees!! urgh! im a mess!! 
got up early to go to work to find out im not working today  on th upside i have a day off, on the downside i really need the money
I have too much to handle today.  - http://tweet.sg
It's a monday today, but no college! Yay! But it's not a holiday  oh no my friends. It's 'study leave'... 
why the fart is it so hot today  i think ive melded myself onto my seat because of the heat 
@rickoshea ha ha could be that seens they made 3 of the tabloids today  
@scooby867 woke up way too early...been doing quality checking today..will continue after lunch! not terribly exciting I'm afraid 
It's dull today  sad times but on the plus side I'm away to spend more moneys I'm town again today!!!  http://bit.ly/LsRHk
Lol! watched csi today! it was the one with taylor swift!! but she died.. sad 
My hubby got his phone wet (sorta my fault)...so now we can't text today.  
@Certifiediva  hey reesee pieces.. hope your feeling better today! ur leaving tomorrow 
No trip to the dr today..had a real helpful nurse talk to me *sarcasm*.very frustrated right now.. and tired..really wish hubby was here 
So hot today ..... ohhhh..  i have to go to my dancing lesson but i don't feel like dancing today ..
still unsure whether i have cold or hayfever but i know i feel utter poo today 
boreddd. photoshop isnt filling my bordem today. and no ones texting backkk  blahh. i hate mondays.
@salandpepper  so so so sad that you're lovely  old pic has gone, today was a grey monday without having lost your gorgeous blue sky!
. . tryna hoop today . . its been too long 
What's up everyone?  Home sick today. 
The weather's shit today, so I'm stuck inside yet again   Just dug out my schmexy guitar to try and learn... http://tinyurl.com/o7n864
@ShesElectric_ aww yeh u werent on either   least he replied to peeps today,unlike last night..lol.he might cme on at some point today.xx
was v. happy with survivor but feels like ass today. 
: damn it, starting with kent's class today. can it get any worse?! 
umm French speaking/roleplay today  waa
Oh gee. Just figured out that I won't be going to my cousins' today.  That means no castle wars for us D8
jono skated into me today   my knees are SO fucked. http://tinyurl.com/qwgas8
today fkn suxed! n i have a filling 2maaroow will be the same ..  night..
@Raeskies i got into a fight sorta with my cuzn today 
I am up waaaaay to early considering I have nothing to do today. I blame my stupid ear 
just woke up and remembered jeiluuh's goin home today. 
@princessaja ya, I've been chillin at home a lot too... finally started feeling better today... almost went to emergency room yesterday 
@wide_receiver well for a start, I'm in jl today....I don't think they'd appreciate it. And I also don't own a hat 
@erin82883 poor kids today are getting no value out of television when the cereal commercials go. i don't see any anymore. 
Just having a 2 min rest before I start cooking! It's been madness already today! I also have a cold 
I ache all over and still have some more stuff to do  having a break from it today though, any suggestions on what I should do?
im home late today  but ohwells ;) twiitter did you miss me?
@jmiglioratti what's up miss jen?  feeling better today? miss you
@flukewoman :o( That's not good hun.  I ticketyboo today, sorry to hear you're not 
feels so strange today, really strange. I hope everything's ok 
feels like total crap today 
Oh, right, it's because I feel like crap today. That's a good reason. I miss sleep 
@petewentz dude ily and all but the today show pass said make at 6am and thats actually my bedtime. 
doing #fridayfollow for the first time today, never done it before because dont want to hurt anyones feeeling that I dont include 
i really dont want to go in today. im gunna have to spend all day in the library 
@birdb  went to bed early missed u on msn   talk to ya today instead
woke up late cos i thought today was saturday 
Long time, no update..!..hmm..not feeling well today.. 
Supposed to go to the waterpark today with my class but idk. It's raining.  cross ur fingers!!
slept in today, no library for me   munching out on a pot noodle instead, they're really not that nice....
ooh crab! No having any today again 
@mathewsanders yep! will tweet em out for all to enjoy  i left my phone at home today tho so will have to wait til i get home 
goin on the road today so no more twitter!  hit me on the cell if u hav it, n if u love me! lol &lt;3
I`m going to see my honey today.. ah - just see him on the weekends because hi`s at the army 
For some bizarre reason I attempting to switch from emacs to vim today. I miss electric tab stops already 
getting a lot of russian, chinese and spanish spam today  can't they localise properly?
my head is hurting a lot. i don't wanna go home today at all 
@kyle270 i left it at home today cause it was sunny earlier  haha.what you doing now?love you x
i miss cuddling w/ B the most w/ going back to work (duh) yesterday it was only for 10 min before bed 
sometimes the today show gets me choked up...idk why 
hopefully getting some gardening finished today...theres a baby bird out there that needs to be buried  suck.
god damn it...six flags today  fml
track meet ystrday...did prety well...today im sick  and my cuzin in coming
woke up feeling like poop today... thats fun 
I haz a sad  kittehs are all gone as of today. *sniffle*
ok its not twitter its my stupid mac network  no bueno for today so my patience is shot.. TTYGL!!
I feel incompetent today... I really hate that!  It puts me in a shitty mood 
I gotta clean today... wish I had a monster. 
I think my leg is dislocated  bon fire today and i get to see zooch
what the fuck should i do today  how gay!! my life is hard. I guess i'll just spend more money today. -__-.
@cerra I know  hoping todays better though
@mjchamplin yeah. i was up at 330am eating cereal...i am struggling today. dunno why i couldn't sleep 
...don't wanna do much of anything today...just not up for it...somethings off 
Bit of a boring day today guys 
I may have to do laundry today . . at an actual laundromat . . damnit. 
has officially left school, today was well sad  tonights going to be amazing tho! 
Feeling like crap today  was supposed to be goin out for a nice lunch aswell....but hey! still haven't drank my blue charge yet ;)
and all the twitpics I took at the amusement park today came out sideways. 
no dave concert for me today, unfortunately. 
i just found out my grandma got into a accident today.. 
@mandawatson Haha... aww cause yea I was jealous for a sec!!! It was soo cold today... I'm so sick 
So I guess there is a lag in Twitterberry today..sorry for getting back to everyone so late! 
@Danthefierce ok cool srry i wasn't on very much today its tuesday so i had to clean the tortoise tanks and it takes a while 
Passed out at the gym today  lol who does that?? I'm ok though...
@melissakeyes Your welcome hun, I though my friend @JanineSmith might be interested. I know she is upset about today 
@Pegalily sucks you fell today! I wrote you a super funny tweet the other day and u didn't write back 
just had netball. phew. i wasn't my best today 
I feel like I was out of the loop on everything today. Aw man. 
can't stand this hot&amp; sticky afternoon which kills my productivity... sooo much to get done today, sigh 
juz can't stand this hot&amp; sticky afternoon which is sabotaging my productivity....agghhhhh, sooo much to get done today 
sick today  and doing hw
@aleashinn  - i did not have a cupcake today. but theres some bday cake in the back office that i may take a bite out of later!
today was such a good day, definitely need to do it again amber just left  whats everyone doing?
misses her man today       dont know if i should have left him now 
sorry no funnies today tweeps..   still loves me??
Didnt take my nap today  so now im extra tireed. This hawaiin guys name is hella siiiicckkkkkk!!
didnt get a chance to see dance flick today  
maths test today -.-  bad times xD cant wait for the weekend! off til wendsday yaay
I hope it is ok, when I do it today too.... I will start at nine... hmmm... I ever have to think about my job. I need to relax.... 
@DontTrustMe49 ya me and my friend were talking about thAt today. I really don't want to go. This year went by soooooo fast 
mesa court or middle earth? yep that's right, housing FINALLY came out today! and now im stuck with 2 essays 
I've learned today, that procrastination...SUCKS!  i hate history.
Okaay, quickly trying to convert wild child for my boring lessons today, not sure if he'll make it 
@LolaAM  I'm so happy I got my hair done today well yesterday but I think the kinky twist she did are whats keeping me awake. Hopefully we
I have to admit, I'm a bit bummed out that I wasn't with my friends walking today.... 
omg i didnt tweet all that much today.... *sadness* 
I cant use my blackberry today. This sucks. 
needs a little lie down. not feeling great today. boo 
i sooooooooo dont want to go to work today to nice outside.   
Not excited of blowing out another candle today... [as when I was a kid!]   We gotta grow up soon or later...
@Kingsrockandrol I'm a bit down zoe cos I'm off to bed soon, so I will miss this gorgeous weather, were having  what you up too today? X
O and i have to wear a damn jacket today cos i didnt notice a mark on my shirt... 
This porridge tastes shit! I cba with today man. 
On the train now. I forgot by charger  that means no whoshere for me today till I get home haha!  but I'd still tweet u guys! xxx
Morning twitties! Heading to college, just back from the docs, god I'm hungry  streching my ears again today! 10mm ;) payday I love you!
nt online today &amp; mayb whole of next week  if u havent voted pls do: http://bit.ly/hHigd
driving lesson then off to ikea with the mother and finally work. today is going to be wank 
laughed so much today over that picture of lauren, that my chest hurts. 
fine, i give in, docs again today. not being able to breath this morning made me think i should. hate docs 
@Sarahies I will be ok when I have been to the drs again today and got my essay done  x howre you?? x
i thought payday was today but its on saturday  so happy hour wont be happening today lol...thank goodness its friday tho !!
@Kaneth yeah, we couldn't get there today  was the showreel playing?
My baby is going to her first sleepover tonight   I'm gonna need a lot of wine to get me through today
i think 90% of the irish population of manchester have come to my house today yet none of them are the 1 person i want to see 
the puppy shall loose his um... manly parts today  poor guy....
@lynnisnotgay tsk baddie. imissmonkeh today 
Just started raining in earnest... guess golf is off for today... 
ok, back to the dentist today. All I want to do is bask in the sun 
I ran outta bathroom passes.  maybe mrs. French will be nice today?
@telemaniatik hahaha no you don't! it was amazing! they're really amazing! today they have another one. I can't go 
So I get up early and I feel good about the day. I walk to work and I'm feeling alright. But guess what... I don't work today. 
@countingcrows i'm totally gutted, i ended up with my foot in a cast today so i can't travel to nottingham now to see you guys   xxx
@jenthegingerkd @c2s @cjewel @JenSchaller I like fridays generally, but class is extended today  and I'm starving :X haha &lt;/whine&gt; O:-P
is very upset to see carys and donna go today    miss you both hugely already!!! (Yes ok its only been like 3 hours) haaa..waaaah
Laying in bed sore and snuggeling domino... I don't wanna work out today 
@mariamariamaria i'm sorry you aren't feeling too good, mama  I'm heading up today @ 4, i'll be calling you ..
*meow* a week ago today @sevilla90 was here and we were road trippin 
I'm really not feeling today...soooo much work to do and I have a soar throat  gosh
(sigh) guess we're not gonna meet up today. 
My baby gets her shuts today 
@ work do not feel like bein in dis bitch today 
is sad cuz my mommy leaves to indy today 
gotta shower then go apply for more jobs  hopefully no creepy old men will be working again today *shudder*
rip grandpa  graduation today...
@netmogul that sounds soooo good right now mmmm malasadas. i have to have more before i leave today 
also just hanging right now?? just bored hahaha didn't have to work again today this is different....  no hours no money lol whatev
ah remember the days when you'd sleep in until noon? well guess who did that today? god i feel like a loser 
I read some pretty awesome web comics today. And there's nothing really good on woot today  http://myloc.me/20gf
feel crappy today 
i ate waaaay to much candy today, i feel sick 
It's freakin' hot and humid today. 
Saying good bye to ronald today was difficult and sad well miss yuu! 
no bbq today  i guess a mini calippo will have to suffice
UGH... I am soooo drag assing today  but on a brighter note I got my G1 update &amp; it is the biznesssss!
today sucks so far  god please make it bettterrrrr
today was busy.. geez. getting ready then graduation 
why did i sunbathe today  i look like a lobster, i feel like someones burning me alive!
I love my daddy, but I don't want to go to his house today. 
 ok bye alex have fun today
@PlayForKeeps oh my gosh! i know! happend yesterday 
ya know why today sucks? its been raining, we have no $, &amp; no possibility of a magic friday.  so whats goin down tonight?
Having a boo-hoo day. Things just suck today 
on youtube watching taylor on the today show wish i was there ! 
@rvca i had a blast at the sale today! had one pair of cords mis sized tho  but still worth it! might come back tomorrow! thankssss
went to the dmv today.....some things never change 
Dammit, forgot to go canvas shopping today 
@MissTinaYao yea. I was off today luv. I shudve told u.   anything exciting happen yet. And I saw u last night
I had fries and an ariZona at 1130 and that's the only thing I ate today.  feeeeeed meeeeee
@lexiloohoo i'm sorry  today's been nothing but a fucking heartbreak
ipod died today  
is sad that today is her last day in san diego 
@kingivn Have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday which is today 
@smiley92 thanks  we did reviews today and i feel like idk anything. anyways. how r u?
@deviantlysweet so neat hearing U on kiddshow today wish I was there 
im slightly over it dont feel like today much at all 
It's gloomy as hell outside today. 
@casper1201     my bracelet broke today too.
hm i'm happy but i want to join drama practice today ! 
when i fell on my ass today i ripped my blue volcom boxers 
Oh my ex / room mate is moving out today 
i'm a bum today 
Oh how today sucks.... 
today has me feelin' like crap 
my guinea pig died today 
's lil man didn't want his mum to leave him today 
today sucks! 
wants to go to the jb race today ! 
played horrible golf today  dinner with the folks!
Wouldve had a show today but i fucked up on blogtv  dont worry folks ill be back live soon
@Absturbation dude my msn is being a whore today 
also: i love how obsolete fb is now twitter is cool. i only had one notification today. 
whats with all these emo feelings on a saturday :S  :'(  -- should really stop thinking so much (at least for today)
@Incwell aww thank you sweetie, that means alot. it's for my mom, she passed 10yrs today. very upsetting 
So I planned on going out tonight for a few drinks.....Then remembered my credit card expired today and the banks are closed 
@rebecca__marie TOTALLY!. im ready. im so ready. uh yes, good dreams. but without you here today, i just slept all day..  
@lucasscheibe I'll look for you- we had website probs today so I couldn't post anything to the site. 
8 mile run today 24 hour duty today and sunday gotta love the army realy would like to spend time with my family 
today took a shit. blah 
Ugh i so don't feel edgy today. Where's my lambert mojo? 
i started to argue with a substitute today in class.....shit it was priceless oh by the way...she gave me detention..blah 
@sicknastylaura im dealing with a few of the birches again today. haha. 
@gerkshinobi blackbird, fly (like the beatles song). i had to return it today because the waist viewfinder was broken 
I'm bored pff.. this is lame. I didn't go out at all today haha. tiring weekend 
cant stop crying today...breaking dawn 
I feel like im going to throw up. so sick today 
got thrown off a freakin' horse today..i'm reallyyy sore 
i left out my homegirl earlier today.  so check out @nineonefour #followfriday (sorry sandi!)
Icing my knee cuz I whiped out on my skateboard today 
bought a 200 dollar camera today. what a rip off. it doesnt even work!!  so sad 
I'm so tired... I missed my doc appointment today  so I didn't get anything to make mr better  still feel crapppaaay!
rise &amp; shine, seems the second element is missing  anyways, gonna be a jampacked day today.
Crying  because I have to put my dog to bed forever today. It is best for him. He is blind and deaf. 
feels like poo so may not be up to moving today 
I wish I had a better reason than having a cold for feeling so rubbish today. I'd take a hangover anyday over this 
mum thinks taking me to the markets tomorrow is fun  I would rather go shopping for my birthday, which she said we'd do today but didn't
no more techie stuff today 
Totally awake one minute then knocked out the next....i hate being sick. Sorrys to everyone ive died out on today- didnt mean to do that 
goin home today   
@danny30011980 @Gavinmusic good morning I'll try to finish the fanpage today,I'm hangin' 
didn't get to watch an episode of hank the hill.. 20 mins of amusement gone today! 
I am a really silly. I've sprained my ankle so going up A &amp; E today  Crutches , good god.
bored , haven't a clue what im doing today 
feeling a little lonely today... my bf is at croatia this we.. 
1.I despise that when I fall asleep before twilight, I get headaches. 2.I've done nothing productive today. 3.I miss my grandpa so much. 
shouldn't have agreed to go to work today. full shift of retail...this shud bring back some memories. 
Taking sis to the airport today 
@simikn urgh I don't know !!! But today probs when dad gets back 
too hot  think i may actually die today...ahh well beer always helps
@johncarlton007 Thanks for the awesome seminar today (&amp; making me talk to people!!). Just sorry I was unable to catch you &amp; say hello. 
@sweetkisses277 We will take pics when we go but it won't be today, I just am NOT in the mood.  thinking of going on the 2nd maybe.
is headed to work after a crappy night...i might not be up for anything else today. 
@kiernana it sucks when it happens  but im sure its normal! we are off out.. is like 25c today.. hot hot HOT! BEEACH!
i am just too tired to do anything today  only 2 hours sleep
@nuffsaid01 nope not today I have to wait for an appointment  I am in a bit of pain but hope it goes soon x
@rasmusseidler whole railroad is fucked today, because of some suicidal asswipe walking on the tracks 
@FenterZ haha shame, happened to me yesterday actually  i have a big garden too... im going to watch hannah montanna today haha!
eww have to memorize five paragraphs for an audition today. 
morning everybody. up early today... my tummy hurts. 
Moving more crap into this apartment today (none of which happens to be mine) 
not many iceberg updates today lol.oh so bored 
im so bored...jaws2 is over, and he swans got massively ripped apart by the dogs today!!! 
I dont know why I feel so bloody depressed today. I have this horrible sinking feeling in my gut...fuck 
@xmozhnolyubitx is at a nascar thing today instead of hanging out with me....  lol
i have to work today   too tired to deal with kids for 4 hrs....
But why do I look so puffy and tired today when I was, of course, sober for this party, just getting old...sigh 
@Bonjourno_ my granda's dog died of cancer today 
not excited at all about working 10-8:30 @ walgreens today  but on a better note after working i am going to my uncle's wedding
im loving the sunshine today! gotta get my windscreen on my van done today  song writin day today for me!! hell yeah!
Has more softball today. Not a game tho. Just a practice... But my arm is still sore 
carson woke up at 6 a.m.  man i need a nap today!
such a tease..got a package from apple today but its just a printer  ...where are you macbook!
@damohopo yep, I havent let him know I'm charge so he barks &amp; jumps up at people, he tried to bite our neighbour today 
so elliot didn't show up for the run today. i ran only, now i have a quarter size blister. 
@chipper_ monkey I thought you were busy today  besides, I didn't know I was going till about half an hour ago.
@leguape Its contextual spell check is open to flaw but is still miles better than the literacy displayed by most people online today 
@tiffania yeah, I just had sniffles yesterday, but today I have a little cough too  hopefully suffering now will help me feel better. 
I actually get to do my hair today! Just watched becoming jane  sad
@RosaAcosta yeaa  so it's pretty much bed rest for mee. What do u have planned for today?
uggh i didnt go to six flags today because of these goddam cramps 
ok, so carol is flying today  and i havent seen her since tuesday (((((
i spelt meant wrong too...oooh i am being such a dumbass today 
im really mad! i cant go to the mall today w/ my friend audrey!!!!!!!! uggg, now i have nothing else to do 
Man i feel like shit today 
im so bored. nobody is coming out today 
chillin today, no rock creek  today, but tomorrow for sure.. lol.. can't wait gina... lol
So, it's my birthday today and I'm sick dammit!  
@KatieRusman the bloating!!   i had a weird test thing today and no more cows milk and cheese for me! haha
Where the hell are my cousins @shesraia &amp; @jiasquared? I've never talked to them today  I feel so lonely once again. HAHA ew please
@youngQ u r painting today and im moving today hopee ur day is going easier then meine 
I feel kinda beachy today... too bad I'm not actually at one 
@brandonxy are you working today? YIKES! 
The toro's came out today and I have no money.. 
is missing her boyfriend so much it hurts....would love to be at the beach with him today in ireland or canada!! 
@VersaEmergeBand ahhhhhh why today! I'm going 2 c @mercymercedes u should do 'em more often 
@indiana_jen @stratford_girl And I actually have time online, so I'll be around today. 
today was HOOOOOOTTT!!!!!! i have either got a really bad burn, or a really good tan. i havent decided yet. if its neither then im upset 
so. we're not doing ANYthing today... 
I woke up too early today.. its a  weekend, im suppose to sleep in 
going to downtown la to play in a tournament ! supposed to go to the tm workshop today though 
Probably not doing anything today  whatever, its the summer
so far today sucks 
ohh nooo--i dont think i have enough foundation to cover my face for today-- 
@sushisusie hey susie. i cant hang today bcuz i have hw and other stuff to do. im sorry  &lt;3 u
Its kinda cold today.. 
Hey twitters! grrr I thought I had my hair appointment today and I dont! Ahhh I mad, I need one bad. 
i thought today was gonna be a good one but disaster has struck i've dropped my psp and cracked the screen  gutted.
im miserable today, gosh i hate my lifeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee =( i do not deserve this... 
my flower lamp is sad. it thought it was gonna be folding into itself today but look at it ...trying so hard to breath 
Lots of thoughts and prayers today....... 
@ForumTheatreNJ oh, looks like I have a family event tomorrow and won't be able to make it  I did drive past today and gave a wave tho!
im sad today!! marriage isnt always fun!! 
not feeling to great today.....no one gives a twit!  
ugh my mommy's leaving to washington today  makes me sad.
Up :} great movie! pretty sad  splurging today? ha!
got back from class. hm performance today ?  oh no.
i wish i could be at that meet in the middle thing in fresno today 
feels extremely lonely today and wants to cry 
everybody is beeing rude with me today 
@ste_vee how did you fix it? Its happened 3 times to me today 
wants to see @kristinchapa and jules today 
i dont wanna go to work today  7 am - till 2:30 pm today  let me go back to bed !
@lilmamatoya arrgh today im not doin too well! why does it feel like my hands are gonna break off likr i got arthritis at 25!  help toya!
@FLYKINGi waiit I'm tipsy! Lol did u say u goino disney tomorrow  we gonna today!!!
@christft http://twitpic.com/6a2a1 - i wanted to come! too bad prom's today 
chill day which i absolutely love.  but thinking about my momma and feelin' bad that i didn't go down to nova today to be with her. 
SO sad today, lydia moved away 
goin away party at mi house today 
i wanna go to six flags. i was supposed to go today but my dad said no 
nobodys talking to me today 
Oh no! The bbq is closed today! I have to eat at fina instead 
not sure why its happening today but i miss my dad 
Man, today's boring. 
im not motivated to get out of the house today...it's so cloudy 
has spent the majority of today on the xbox, hopefully seeing sarah and dee tomorrow! missed u guys. missing c too 
feelin like shit today 
@corey_jaramillo my lungs are mad at me b/c i haven't had a smoke in weeks! I can hardly talk today! 
uhh my comp is being slow  and i think i have a cold  today is not my day
man, its meant ti be even sunnier tomrrow than it was today ....scorrrreeeee!  i dotn even tan though 
wonder what my squish is up to today   probably laying on the beach or getting stung by a man of war :-O
oh i found 3 dollars outside today. yay! wish it was a hundred 
i got my feet sunburnt today and it is the most painful thing i have ever experienced. 
today sucks 
@HeyItsHunter haha very true!! i just wanted a simple black desk at ikea today &amp; i thought i found one but they were teasing me 
why am i losing followers like crazy today? dont leave me  i have abandonment issues!
@brooklynlovee haha i know!! did you hang out with bubba and jenna today?? i wish i coulda come!! 
I failed to make today my bitch. 
beat mega man 9 today, at last. then I watched the 21 minute speed run and felt bad about myself. 
i think i did to much today, im so sore. i felt like i pop'd one of my stiches!   
eating breaky. feeling better today, still woke up with the headach tho 
i LOVE ikea!!!! I sooo wish we had one nearby. I didnt get to look at everything I wanted to while there today 
pondering about what i shall do today :], either clean the fish tanks  or stay on the net .. hmmm tough choice XD
@DaveCore42 oh good. I thought my friends had taken action against my addiction somehow. they told me today enough tweeting 
wats good @tovan05 ? havent heard from u much today! 
im not feelin good today 
I think I met my soul mate today...But I will probably never see him again 
dang, i meant to wear a tie today. it just felt like a tie day, but then i forgot. 
i hate today! im sad now  i just feel like ill never be happy
free texts and cals went today...worlds agaisnt me 
@princess_andrea  I drove past your house today!  I didn't see you  - guess I'm not much of a stalker.  
@cremyfrozntreat  im sorry today wasnt like u planned it to be   hope things work out for u guys
today in nba didint happen amazing for clevland so sad 
Oh hell...I'm 30 today. 
@cheesyyy what is that supposed to mean?  find one for me.. lynn told me today we can order one once I find one...
my little zoe (our pug) died today, she was 11 years old... she'll be missed 
sleepy fosho.... today ahh today i missed my buddys grad party i hope hes not mad at me 
visited this place today: http://www.blackpineanimalpark.com/ There were quite a few obese/vit. D deficient big cats. 
@MaryAxiotis I haven't heard from u today or last night  r u ok?
@drewseeley i saw you today on the superman. ha you got to budge  lol. ah that ride was so scary though !!!!
@wandaGNSH omg, you today is so hot, i hate going outside 
contemplating my next move. happy orlando won. lakers will have issues. sad about wcws outcomes today. oh n my car died 
@druskee916 i just got my new debit card in yesterday hahah i lose everything 
omg i'm seriously out of shape after today's salsa dancing session  gotta practice more!
why the fuck is everyone so cranky today. 
@awesomejosiah I'm guessing thats why you didn't come by the party today 
Facing the facts. i wish you were here  today was good untill i got home and my dads old friend alcohol was fucking things up
@pancheezeits i went to tj today but i didn't drive  i can kinda drive freeway. we'll see if i'll let u take da wheel. we can go buy coffe
Tired as eff. I feel like such a softie today, I'm so lameee 
gezz today wasv sorta crazy. hung out with @xilovejonasx today ha i swear shes crazy! now its the end of the night and im worried 
gezz today was sorta crazy. hung out with @xilovejonasx today ha i swear shes crazy! now its the end of the night and im worried 
i wish i could afford to play real poker. im up over $10k  today playing only $250 buy ins 
@xtiffanychang awww that sucks   oh. btw. i might just...bring the grass jelly and leave tomorrow. wasn't home today, and gotta do hw ._.;
maybe this is my last tweet for today, gotta go learning.  but just maybe
my picture wont come up  race for life today  wish me luck.
drinking coffe and thinking of wtf i shall play on the radio today 
eating chocolate and drinking vitagen cause today's shaping up to be a crappy day 
g: &gt;&gt;4558858 Why so rage lately bro?  You usually are pretty chill and seem pretty nice, but today you seem pretty off
@TraceCyrus crap; lots of revising today 
Going out with family today.. But still ill...  atchuuuuu .. oops :$
and msn is being an ahole today toooo... 
I'm so tired ryu nice try today  I feel tired even lying down on my bed...
Doubt i'll be going to church today  seems like such a long time, feel so spiritually &quot;off&quot; I cant take it!
bebo hasn't given me any love today. 
@luscious_loulou am feeling a bit rubbish today  I've got some sicky bug! Never mind though
ok sunday....2 more days until one of my awesome interviews!!! must tend garden today!!! its been neglected 
*yawn* maths is exceptionally boring today... 
@danielr23 hey i want to but as you're not following me, i can't send you a direct message  bummer! anyways, good luck today!*
My sweety is not feeling well today 
@v1sag3 I dunno I just need a cool A3 poster design. I'm too retarded today to do it myself lol 
@rwdave Sounds like fun! I've got all of yesterdays work added onto todays since yesterday was an utter washout for me 
today would have been so much worse if it wasn't for my cousins being so cute . other than that it sucked. feel like shit 
thinking if im going to go out and sun bathe today...woke up with an itchy neck..with rashes..think i have prickly heat from yesterday 
@sarcasmoo I KNOW we even had hail today it was crazy. I had a 15 minute hike to the railway station in it  But yeah, thank god for liz ..
went and bought the asus n10j today. i gotta make sure not to buy anything big for a while now 
today might not be so ba after all...dammit I jinxed myself 
the sun is shining. but i have drama today ahh.  i wanna sunbathe for a living.
omg, today i woke up at 8:00 with a headache, freezing, and screaming children downstairs...i also couldn't fall back asleep  so mad
my sister woke me up at like 7  im tireddd. i hope today is fun...
just woke up...so tired.   nothing to do today................................ ta ta
oh herwo, stupid ymcam mtg today. 
actually got to sleep in today! out of coffee tho  on my way to store to replenish. breakfast sandwiches might be involved.
Watched 'Chocolate' in theatre today...ws thinking of other worse decisions, but clearly this was amongst the top!  imdb 2 be blamed too!!
why facebook doesn't work today?  my friends told me all about the macdonald's products but i still want to eat some!
I have to say bye to my daddy today 
@dannywood got my 3 miles in this morn! crazy how running outside is so much diff than the treadmill...it was brutal today 
@young_cutty i hope all goes well today. i really wish i could be there with u. 
@WhoaKeeley ughh i wish i could watch worlds today  stupid workkkkk. and i wish i was gonna be there 6 days from not tooo.
going to my gmmamas  hahaha, i wish i could see kyle today instead though 
ooo man..i missed church today!  not cool..work till 7..ill be back my twitter lovies!
@hellcatvintage Awww... the lip balm stash for today is already gone. 
im going swimming today niggs! im soo tired, im off today but i need money 
wtf, he's offline now  life isn't getting better today. all turns out like f*ck
Whatever, from now on you can start our text convo's think I've started enough recently and today you cant be bothered to reply 
worikin 10 hours today...gunna suck 
getting the final packing done for @fevered to move out today. Who's gonna hold me when I get back? 
I don't wanna work today! I have a book to edit  *sigh*
I really really don't wanna go to work today. I'd much rather go play paintball with my boyfriend 
@zalresheed I know I know I was late today oo didn't pay attention 
oh it looks like a nice day  fuck you newscaster for telling me it was going to rain &amp; making me go out my way not to make plans for today
@galaxydazzle I want to! if I book today I have a flight for 10 euros... but i need a creditcard for it!  and somebody to go with
i'm feelin a lil down today 
airport today, grandma leaves for Portugall 
today has been good so far, got a new dvd player, treats for papi, and lightbulbs. haha solid. now writing a 3 to 4 page paper 
Late start preceeded but a even later night...im sad no games on today 
@barreh wow well done, i was thinking of going today but mum didnt want to go with me  i should start this week tho
@TTFrutti lucky youu! yeaa today is mtv ma! but its at 3am 
@NeonBlueTornado hi didnt talk to u today  anyways bye i g2g bed my moms screaming at me in chinese and a mosquitos eating me 
My boyfriend doesn't want to cuddle with me  so whats everyone else doing today? 
just got called into work tomorrow  sux i had big plans of hanging out in the sunshine, oh well im still goin to the lake today!!
i woke up to no voice like tom  mannnn. oh well, i'm off today and it's my tenents birthday. yay bbq!
hate the look of &quot;why are you leaving me?&quot; my babies give me when I drop them off at the groomer...  they will be getting new toys today!
spent 10 minutes on hold with m:ts support. seems my card blockage won't be solved today 
@seekelseytweet. Apparently he had fainting spells, but they just identified his body today. Nothings for sure. 
@mathieuphoto  yah, it was awesome, but i'm shooting today so a nap is not in my future 
movin out the crib today 
leaving fro bubba gump's with my nephew...he is leaving today 
i'm so grumpy today...dunno why 
I wanted to go see a movie today, but now I can't because I'm sick. But for the weeks with nothing but shitty films, I felt fine. 
edinburgh again it hot hot hot! love it  work was so busy today  lol
Feels like poop today  its really not fun..
@ebassman mornin sweetie pie...have a safe flight today...see u in atl...lol...pssssssh i wish 
Tweeps, I miss my crazy pretzel man  I have so much crap to do today and I probably won't do any of it haha!
Not feeling too good today   #fb
@CJHatter runsss to cj for comfort...da people are mean today 
its so bloody hot and im back inside again : |    ive had way to much sun today 
i'll sleep a bit early today. having a garage sale tom for my org. which starts in the morning 
@lovejones83 @summa_reign hey i totally forgot i have to take nina simone in for her last set of shots today at 2p out in frisco 
@britt_mxgirl At least being sick, you dont have to do anything. I have to babysit today. 
ick.. that sandwich put me at 747... make it 900 today 
Ugh, I'm 2:2 for not feeling cute again today.  That's sucks! However I am 2:2 on bringing @glitterNblood 2 church again, that's great!
sissy's dance recital and baccalaureate (possibly the hardest word to spell) today. she's growing up 
sick kid  lots of qt with my couch/bed today
@mommafo sry.   saw danny driving north today in my way to church.
@Alicebouquet also lost to @davelewistwit at crazy golf today 
i want to broadcast on justin tv! but i dunno! i'm not so happy today! 
easily irritated today, apparently. going to burn some cd's. why do i worry about people i barely know? couldn't sleep a wink last night 
@Moonflowerchild had to block er 7 or 8 times today  it is so stupid that they think people want to follow them
@AngelTender I made my white friend mad today  bc i told him his job was a scam n proved it.... 
@NRay7882 why! its fun hehehe aaah i wish i could pass today 
tommy burns game today  , celtic 11 - select 4 haa , aww well  all for a good cause ! x
@xxTracyyyxx yeah i will if i keep putting the key terminology in!!! haa that's all he goes on about. i have had killerrr hayfever today 
@littleliniii sorry about the cinema today  
wish i didn't have to work today .. could of been outside getting a tan ! 
got sunburnt yesterday and going out in the sun today did'nt help, oucchhhh im peeling 
has had way too much sun today,feeling sick and burnt 
wanting to relive the best thing ever in seattle today but can't  oh well. yesterday was good enough for me  &lt;3 relient k
am really glad that twitter doesn't have a voice option... even my laugh sounds hoarse today 
today has been going by sooooooooo sssssssllllllllllllooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwww 
@doson yeah, it wouldn't let my play the last.fm scrobbler today 
it's so nice out today but I gotta stay inside and do big girl stuff 
@funkyfairy24 yeah not bad am a bit gutted had to spend my nk fund today!  but never mind i'll get saving again lol
They are putting my bestfriend to sleep today  I can't stop crying   http://twitpic.com/6cxr2
no one ever likes to wake me up. ugh.   i feel like im dying over here. this cough is just ridic.  couldnt even see the boyfriend today 
@sneakermind nuffin chillen lookin for something to do today 
today has probably been my most annoying day of tweets ever... sorry... fyi i cut another finger today on an elmo  that stupid ginger
Airports seem a little quiet today - that comment will probably come back to bite me in the ass 
@qulady We were just looking at a fire-pit thingie today. Couldn't find one we liked though. I hate that we have limited stores here. 
grr!  i reallly wanted to wear my leather jacket today!
i love my brother .. he went to the er today 
I dont think i can do anything today.  sorry 
@davislove I would, but I'm with the momma today. 
@KimSherrell I've been blocking alot of spammers today. They're coming out of the woodwork.  Why? I don't know. 
one of the squirrels here got smushed today   ..... thats what happens when you dont look both ways!
ughh! busy day today lol  wooh new bedset and shittt. (: hopefully paintinggg my room starting today  didnt get to today  to much stuff
@samrose1 Me too! They're all outta Skittles today   I'll have to improvise lol
done for today... soooo tired and my foot still hurts 
yay vixens!!! worst day ever yesterday evil boss on the warpath. more study today  need my birthday and to win lotto on it!!
@kirstiealley maybe someday you will respond to mine  .... today's shot at passive aggressive behavior
@rasherbow okay so my phones broke and i feel so out of touch with you today  
@rasherbow okay so my phones broke and i feel so out of touch with you today  
morning  lotsa cleaning to do today!  and looking after my brother. aparently hes sick....but he looks fine to me!! lol
@charlieks hey sweet.sorry i prob cant hang today.mums in the hospital  so we're waiting for a call to see if she needs anything
I'm feelin a lil down today. I'm not sure why but something is botherin me 
@vuhnessuh  thanks. idk what his deal is, if he just hits on random girls and hooks up with them or what. i'm not going out with him today
@pghpenguins wow i thought they were off today, woot. i missed game 1 
@courtieshortie4 friday on mochaa and today soup 
felt like shit all day yesty and still a bit today 
1 huge massive serving of monday blues on my plate for breakfast today... 
had fun today but feeling like crap have to go back to skool tom with all my testing and this one kid that i am in love with 
Sucks all weekend ive been trying to get my hair cut y nada... They closed early today 
i am in bed with the covers pulled up under my chin...i'm a little sick today 
is missing my zachary binks and izzy since they left today   hurry up and get here weekend so i can see them again!
@rww That happened to me earlier today and my bg.gif was correct size. I'm a techie too.. 
No voice today... damn hayfever/sinus/throat infection... ewww yuck 
@ErenV yea but since its the last show its today!!  imma cry!!
The singer at dland just lost his #1 fan today he was being a douche 
so irritating that i wasnt able to go to this party that he was at today just b/c morgan wasnt going...i hate being 14 
a bird decided to take a shit on me today  it was not nice
@KCKORGEOUS wtf happened to you?!?!  today was busy busy busy and i've done more math than anyone should. still unprepared though. oh well
today i went to search the @markhoppus and @petewentz octodrive, it wasnt there anymore. i spent more than 50 pesos and 3 hours. want it 
well today sucked  all i did was my project. oh well, at least it's done. so now i'm going to bed, goodnight all
Lalalala back to school today  oh well, get to see mein wiebchens ;D
@Ashemo that sounds really interesting, so your talented? yh babysittin was really boring  wt u up2 today thn?
Eurgh cant be bothered with college today  weathers too nice and im just not in the mood
is gutted bout the possibility of going home today i dont wanna have to see becca for the last tym 4 a while  a sad mood today xxx
I don't know if I wanna update the site today since no one made a caption   
@juneninth thats what cant get to sleep does to you! mass photo edit today  yawn
I know I am going to wake up sore tom. because of tennis today! 
this sleepyhead is not cooperating well today 
For some fringing reason, am not able to login my msn account through fring today  #fring
@alison_london ;-) one moment,  the next, are you feeling particularly bipolar today?
is feeling pissed off at my self 4 what happend today 
goin back today. cannot be arsed! rather stay with my beautiful fiance and kids.  
its a glorious day,up with the birds,more portfolio editing today... and er... website stuff 
@Scrablett i sent an angry email to tell telecom and hey kick my behind  booohoo and i sandwich wreastled with hopey today
should really be reading policy and stuff though.   maybe later, when it's not nice out?  where shall i cycle today?
oh no... i have to cook today. 
three times today it's felt like my bum was vibrating, but i didn't have my phone on me and it's on silent anyway.. am i going crazy? 
lots to do today, i'm awake early but grumpy 
Feeling the hayfever today, and oh look, no pills! 
yep my b day today, they usually do that the buggers 
@limauais mine dies every 20 mins. cant download jack shit today 
is getting nervous, gotta go have a conslut today about laser surgery on me eyes 
@theluvofpurple samiee  missed yah at schoolies today. but you didnt miss out on alot. nothing spesh happened 
no winning lottery or powerball numbers this weekend...so it looks like i am going to work today, darn it!    
ok so today was a shit day for me, i need @paigeebaby to come chear me up 
@chiara_f http://twitpic.com/6e5hf - *smile *my allow i cant spell today 
@joshtastic1 who we gonna blame today now!!! 
whats good for the day???...nothing think im staying in today dont feel that well 
tired brain. sucked in too much information today, root cause analysis + costing computations = major headache. wish sunday lasted days 
today i got 5 shots!!! yeay, it's over!! NOT! it was re-injected cuz the vein was too thin to have the med in 
Working on a bank holiday sucks. Its as if all the problems were storing themselves up for today. 
turns out today's not that bad. i played with @mrs_ricky puppies! ohh too cute, i want one 
what shall i do today?? its soooo sunny and everyone has examsss! 
:o its monday now, i hurt my arm yesterday  and i walked into my door rofl..... lol il see you people at school today 
..i really wish i could get over the time difference woke up at 4 again get to see my bestie tonight  but no derek today 
good weekend. sun really makes everything look better. back to work today tho  
ugh.  my stay-cation is officially over.  it's back into the office today. 10 days off seemed like alot. 
Ugh i feel like shit today. 
why oh why did he not go to work today?! now i gotta deal with his ass being here another day!!  lame. i'm gonna miss my me time today.
cudnt study longer than this..  but its ok.. i studied last nyt n 6 hours or so in morning.. so that compensates for some no study today
its raining  dont know what to do now today
lots of errands to do today!!! .....ugh 
@danielhartman I wanted to play cod4 today but i ended up playing bf2 and l4d for 2 hours because nobody wanted to play with me  poo
I was in concert today! It was the worst concert in my life! hmmm scary! 
@rebecca_eloise She tends to give gifts when she doesn't have to work. Unfortunately, she work today 
i had math test today..im sure tht i will got F 
indesign is not playing nice today 
Not really looking forward to school today - barely any days left, but still... No more!! kinda sorta looking forward to prom, but 2/17 
guess I'm gonna haveta break down and call the chiropractor today 
@HeyErnie sorry im like out of it  cant think stright idk if ima drive to school today 
@NickyMcB I'm good thank you, hows you? I have bad hayfever today, I can't stop sneezing its such a nightmare 
@Neilglover lie in but thats it - but then again starting nights today so still not a highlight 
feel like crap today. 
is not having such a good day today....and trying to figure out what this bug bite on her foot is! ow 
well today m not in mood of posting anything new n sizzling.... sry  
@murray1134  If I wasn't home today, I'd never have gotten my answers in.
up and at the local libary... today is payday for some, and me   but thats okay...
working out. moving more stuff out of the apartment today 
right, 2nd take on the podcast complete.  found a nicer recording area... but seems my voice is holding up today 
i was meant to be goin to the beach today wit aussie  but the bus never came 
everything hurts today. 
@matthewfarr bcbst =bluecross blueshield of tennessee my employer and creator of my epic disappointment today  -sd
I gotta do some chores today before I get to do anything else. 
oh man, last thing i need is the power to go out today 
my bestfriend moves to florida today  i miss u clare
Too hot to be dealing with call centre menu &quot;systems&quot; today 
 So sad. @ThisIsRobThomas must be horrible for families at charles de gaulle airport today, waiting. my heart goes out to them.
ewww, thunderstorms  luckily i had my umbrella in my bag cause i didn't wear a coat today.
@mileycyrus I hope you feel better girl i'm not feelin too hot today myself 
#gmail spam filter must be taking a long smoke break this am, I'm getting a ton of crap today! 
is feelng soo yucky n sticky.. was smashd wit cake all over.. was soo nt anticipating this.. especially coz it wasnt my budday today!! 
Raining like crazy in sobe today 
Feeling blah today... 
definitely doesn't want to babysit today!  Thankfully it's only 1 day then I get to see my love and steal his bed!
YAAAAYY figured out my ipod isnt broekn (Y) but on another note i dont get the itouch  but YAY so hot today hadda tanning session at lunch
I feel sicky poo today  I need some sleep....
my gpa and dad come today. 1 more day till graduation! ahh cant wait! and  then its off to florida on wednesday. 
my gma and dad come today. 1 more day till graduation! ahh cant wait! and  then its off to florida on wednesday. 
he didn't say hi today. 
My internet hates me today 
@stockguy22 congradulations today...you get your website up and running tho... 
had another appointment with ma dentist today.....things aren't great yet 
missing ma babe rite now  really wish i could c u today
Still sick...tryna eat something solid today....just been drinking fluids 
crappy lighting conditions today and i need to take photos  
internet connection is super slow today, and i can't nail down the reason 
@adzada yes, @dailybooth is slo...ow today 
my kids are annoying the hell out of me today....but I know I'm going to miss this group 
today such keeps getting worse and worse. I need a hug. 
About to go take a shower. Even though I'm not gonna do anything at all today 
E3 streams are the reason nobody will be leaving my house today 
@mat_simmons   well there is 4 abbys in my form! we have had a new one today 
hii...ididnt tell him...he was like a jerk today  maybe tomorrow...idk...but for sure ill tell him before june 4th!
@DontBeASkeptik @mtstanford sorry guys but today i'm on bitch mode, my moms on a cruise, i can't talk to her, and i miss my babyyy 
im not feeling my best today 
i feel like shit today, i don't know why.. and plus i'm sunburnt 
has not been on twitter for awhile..  hanging out with the grandmother today
@LadyE2010 I'm sorry  I haven't come downstairs at all today, you know I try to avoid that floor somedays....LOL
@MichaellaBassam rofl someone made an offer this weekend and my mom accepted it today 
sup went to rainbow today got a snow cone yeah! but it's gone now 
no bball today. cant round up enough guys 
Everyone: look out for stephanie's phone, she lost it today.... 
I have to put up w/ one of my gymnastics teammates today, shes so fucking annoying 
sunday was awesome, i was with monica and too tired to get on the computer. today was boring  sims 3 tomorrow!
@aaronasay thanks.. I didn't make it in today.  some wedding stuff has come up I have to tend to!
writing a paper thats due at six today...such a bad idea to wait. I need a nappp 
ariella was in town today but she left before i could say hello  maybe ill get to see her friday!
 there's so much music i want to have... horrible. i feel like i have done so many things today... but i haven't.. i love my bleached hair
feeling kinda sad... don't know if i really want to do anything today.... 
@Kissmekayley working today  got a bit burnt yesterday, I wasn't in the sun very long either, but I have got very red arms
so tired  i'm confident i can integrate most things again. work is long today, should have gone to sleep instead of reading twilight fic
@WakeUpCAll1079 um... that sucks   So what was so good that you wanted it from I-tunes today?
urg, annoyed that I forgot to bring my ipod to work today 
its so nice out today! but i dont feel well...   http://sml.vg/abjy4L
had 3 media exams today...and they went kinda GREAAT as tony the tiger would say...so now im jammin waiting for the next one!!!! 
haha i feel good today...kinda besides that its monday...  other than that everything is chill..
alcatraz, castro, haight-ashbury, golden gate park, michelle tanners house, muni, bart, f-train, cable car all yesterday. last day today 
saw a HUMONGOUS turtle crossing the road today. yes, i helped it. wish i hadn't left my camera at home.  it was probably 100 yrs
@divadol  now today really sux.
On a break. At times the jury selection process is entertaining. I don't think it will end today tho  #fb
@DinoGoesRawr omg my moms being a loser i dont think you can come today 
@ericaa13 lol...sorry, i lost track...andy r. also lost today 
My mom has her last round of radiation treatment today. It's her bday tomorrow. Sadly may be her last 
someone set my ringtone to hannah montanna and it went off while i was in sainsburys today so loud - so embarresing! 
Feeling sick  wanted to call out today but I can't! No bueno!
@monroejnicole mines just started actin funny today 
I was filling my car up with gas today and thought, &quot;I wanna take off and go see the ocean right now!&quot; but the, I didn't 
@overloved today as it's usual I have some extra work for home!!!  haha! I was thinking about saturday!a bout thata guy!
I feel like 100% crap today...      blah
i havent tweeted much today! .... idk whats wrong with today it seems waaay long! ugh! 
haven't got my sister a bday present yet, gotta do that today. But i'm sick and she's picky 
didnt do much.... gt the important things done today, thats all that counts! back to work tomorrow... 
@inflekt I saw that today and almost died! I was like noooo I don't want to go on plane no more 
@jonathansheil hahahah. just today for some reason. they were deathly slow earlier too. 
@nkotb why wasnt my friend&quot;s/ur fan , bday on the community page today ?  
I was so pumped to work today! ...&amp; I didn't really have much 2 do. I have things 2 do 2morrow, when I will undoubtedly be tired and blah 
@katepatto btw soph cant make it today. she has a doctor appointment.  
@aja175 @buffawhat booo  then i can't be a hipster today i guess ;)
misses her craig lots today  
No surfing today, waves shitty. 
cant  believe i almost lost him today 
@insanetty nope my hubby hurt himself yesterday and I am taking care of him 
@DaDreak well @objecktivone did it, but he just left to go on tour today  definitely worth waiting til he gets back though. he rools.
Wow I'm a dork - tears occurred today 
On the way to bww for the lil cuz birthday wish it was tuesday. wings are full price today 
wow, sunset was totally dead today. and no one comes on the slides when im guarding. BAHAHAHAHA. sad 
played like no halo today probaly gunna be rusty tommrow 
mom's getting off for japan today . we'll surely miss her 
@ChrisTFT oh man i saw that today. i wanted to cry at the beginning 
@tigresaa aww i totally forgot that 1 vs 100 was today   and now my xbox is frozen, awesome!
I hate posting to a yahoo group and then being the last message in the digest. happened 3 times today 
I be dipped when im skateboard freshest dressed out there and cant nobody touch me but i got owned today by that rail 
today was scary......  i dont think i wanna be a news anchor  lol
Walking w jacks n alexis! No salsa lessons today!!! Ahahahhaha 
Still feel sick  but I found the most amazing dress today for my bday so that's a relief 
today was a good day chilled with my lil familia earlier....but when he away something telling me dont trust where he is at 
@BOOGZBOOGETZ wondering why the heck u unfollowed me  lol not much babes just applied to skool today whate new?
@AlyssaNoelleD I'm fine as well.....to bad i wasn't able to call you  all phones are down today  you've got myspace?
My personal trainer/one of my best buddies had homework today, so we couldn't run  *getting fatter*
@isa_spn today was my 1rst day at new job and @tommcfly didn't care... he's a bad brother! I'll tell to mum @DebbieFletcher! 
@isa_spn today was my 1rst day at new job and @tommcfly didn't care... he's a bad brother! I'll tell everything to mum @DebbieFletcher! 
@IamTwitSwag damn didn't say hi to me none today so rude of your n so mean 
the maths exam today was okay, wasnt as hard as i thought it would be. it was pretty hard though, i had to leave one of the questions 
@CardboardGuy saw cardboard constructed surfboard today somewhere on the intraweb. did you catch that? cant find a link right now. 
happy my game i want so bad is coming out today. but i get payed fri. 
 im sorry huney...zane turned 17 today
my future M-I-L broke her foot today..getting up super early tomorrow to get her dog. We will be taking care of her for awhile..oh goody 
I dont get it, why am i so tireds D: i went to bes at like 10.30 arrrrghhh, okkkkiie english today 
for nuts i cannot think of anything creative today!!! argh!!! 
@yelyahwilliams so sad i wont be seeing you guys in tampa today. job layoffs and being broke SUCKS!  forever
@nicolelouisej *rolls eyes* yeah it was today....i meant that i was studying  missed you :s
@kerriebolton yea i did work today..   ill be seeing u this w/e? of course!
Morning all.....not looking forward to today at all.....got to go to the dentist at 12:10pm about my tooth with the missing filling.  
mourning all !!  ... not looking forward to today   .. im on the unit
And she's complaining cos she ate too much today!! Ahh!! I feel nauseous 
low morale today coz of same email issues 
mornin! was supposed to go to beach today but daren't  since I lost my meds yesterday 
is feeling down today  cheer me up my little twitters
I feel terrible today  bloody hay fever
I really ought to get up, but I'm havin trouble doing so! I'm so tired  hope everyone else is ok today xx
@lostgirl66 didn sleep at all i suppose.. so tired... so so tired  ! hows you today? x
Is upset I have to work today and its soooooo glorious outside! 
dont want to go to college today 
want to make the most of the sun today! but have lots of revision to do 
http://tinyurl.com/lb79k8 Basically sums up today. Unfortunately it is sunny and I have absolutely no motivation to work. 
@cr0wing nobody is up for going to the beach today 
dying from hayfever today... feels like I've been punched in der dose 
@steveobrien totally missed it! I've seen the debarcle on youtube though lol. It was ace though, getting up today was a mighty struggle 
@leenkwan oh no! the one you were wearing today? how did it fall off?  nvm can buy another one!
ugh, fuck I'm going to be in so much shit today. If I don't get online at all later, call the police bc my mom's probably killed me 
going to see if i can find a wii and wii fit in town today, sold out yesterday 
Defffo hotter today than it was yesterday,  im working tonight. bw-hw =(
achey and a bit grumpy today - want to be outside, not in stupid office with stupid computer 
@jenlong cheers for coming last night. im suffering from the hayfever today though shouldnt have sat outside so long/late 
Off to deal with some assholes today........ 
@thatjamesboy yeah i love the first song, i haven't been able to give it full attention yet with revision   Hopefully later today i can
cant decide on my #songoftheday today 
I'm not digging this awake thing today 
i have my goverment final today  ugh wish me luck
missed my singing lesson today  but re-do on thursday! 
Tals is leaving today  I am gonna be mucho sad without her.  But @willaaa is back and that is the best thing evarrrrr
Trial today and the accussed is very angry....    oh well, the laws were made to be followed, not broken.  I'll be busy for hours.
google, no doodle today? 
Has a dr appt today at 10:20......I'm nervous 
@kirako oh noes   does this mean no awesome web dev links from you today?
oh man work sucks today 
Just said bye to my abuelita. She's going back to california today 
So yeah, I am awake and it's all good fun    Although, no post for me today 
i read the news today oh boy.. 
is in comp. sci. about to go to math. physics final today.. poop. 
Going to my dentist appointment today, crap, I know I have at least one cravity 
Really busy day today. So proud of my nephew bc he will b receiving 2 awards today, I'm mad than a mutha bc I won't b able 2 attend 
Feeling a lil down today 
I'm super hurting  send me good vibes today pwease 
@beautifullex lol omg u always got a interview.. &amp; the weather gunna be nasty today 
@_caturday heh. we just hired an &quot;actually&quot; today..  sigh.
@mauhra thanks!  I been working alot and at my other job I can't get online  I am so tired today!  And its only tuesday.  how r u?
@candycenoel baseball today??? thats exciting!! for you anyways not me  
today, I have to clean the house. boo  anybody doing anything fun today?
On spare, bored as hell...thought I had spare last today 
http://twitpic.com/6gw7j - Oops, forgot my band-aids today  WARNING: not for the feint of heart!
Tues: today was okay...I don't really like grab-n-go for some reason...i miss grill...   
mmm i feel so lazy today...so bllllaaaahhhh feeling 
its excruciatingly too hot today! im burnt to bits 
@daniiixrpi srsly because i don't think he's slept at all yet today and that makes me sad  gah i hope they do, i'll be like DDDDDDDDDDDD
Feels like a total screw-up today 
I gotta pay the electric bill today. 
oooooh no! my boys are leaving today. missing them already 
oooooh no! my boys are leaving today. missing them already  #brazillovesmcfly
my sister graduates from hs today. she's growin up. and moving away. what a turd 
had been using a huge (1990's) monitor. began using a flat 15&quot; today now my eyes hurt sooo bad! need glasses 
Even though I got LOTS of things ticked off my to do list today I still feel like I have loads to do cos I'm losing most of tomorrow 
had a bonfire tonight...dont you just love that smell  It is way too hot today  can deal with it anymore lol going to spain next month
Guess im not getting my hair cut today... 
bathing suit shopping... so far theres two im for sure i want.  mimi leaves to basic training today... with a three hr notice!
@renataskyfire i don't know why they don't just leave it alone and let everyone forget it.  i had mostly forgotten it until today.  
trying to get a video up today but ultimately failing ... sorry people 
mad @ the world......  hatin lyfe...  i knew today was gonna be horrible, i shoulda jus stayed in bed  
oh i am so not productive today 
damnit no package today! 
cant close a deal for shit today!! most non triumphant 
hm, what i do today? nothing, uhul! very very very very cold 
I'm feeling @PoodieTheByz pain today.  I just lost a money that was meant to pay my rent...looks like I'm drinking tonight 
chilling at home, got laid off today. got my toes nail removed so i cant pk for a bit. 
@greencurrymagic  The ds came, but I had so much work today, I didn't even get to open the box.. 
im not feelin to great today, and the sun's out 
sitting on the couch drinking oj, my head hurts. nothing has gone right today 
@DavidVert yeah it came out today! But so far it's not working on my computer 
@erinslibrary well, cat got fired today, so the curse remains.  any word from @katdrabeck?
http://twitpic.com/6ignp - you should probably think twice before working out with @maddyve  poor nikki today.
gah my back is killing me today. makes working on the computer hard as 
oh nordstrom.... how you let me down today 
Ahh david jones sale started today at 7am... Its 2pm and I just woke up 
@its_aurora hell yeah man, i am still all frazzled  hey did you apply today?
ughhhhh im so tired today!!!! 
@ajengksmngr i know that already, today wud be my bad day for lookin at my silly uniform 
oh no i thought today was wednesday!!!!!!!!!! have to wait two more days before the lakers 
havent been tweeting today  worked 9am to 11:30pm.... yeah oh what a wonderful world!
@elucidmarketing Tks...I tried happy and good morning today &amp; didn't get anything 
@MilesSTEREOS hey hottie ; ) what's upp? how was your show today??  too bad i couldnt make it!!
@FijiLomalagi The decision made before was super nice to all some ridiculous judge cancels it today  but he will win (the real father)
morning.. feeling like crap today  def got a cold now!! just brilliant
Just woke up and spent ages getting my stuff ready for p.e. Then realized that I shall b missing it today  lol
i should be working my ass off today. i left everything idle already and i feel very bad 
So im walking to work... Not sunny today. So its not as fun 
@MANDEEZNUTS seriously tho. i called you today! no answer, no bueno 
@jmedero @gvaro @richfinn @srehorn so i heard the 311 single today. hmmm....well part of it. I turned it off by the 1st chorus. 
waaay too much caffeine today...i can't sleep now 
just tried to setup my old wireless router again and windows simply crashed  gona buy the apple airport express today
Looks like its gona rain today 
I seriously do not want to do pe today. It's too fuckin hot for athletics! 
mmm skl today was so boring 
@kingrool yes it's today..... and @kiryne you're such a bitch 
so my dad def  forgot what today was...and its thundering, I'm scared! where's babe when I need him!  i love you @stalker_status.
Dammit! Even with the hayfever tablets, I'm still sneezing today. Too much #plantsex 
i can't believe we have to write four paragraphs for tomorrows english test. we had to write three already for soc. today 
im sitting outside work having a fag in the sunshine and thinking i dont want to go to work today 
i got my hair curled today looked good until now it all fell out bummer!! 
buenos dias tweeps, I'm struggling with alergies today, feeling yucky 
I want at least 2 of todays @woot items... alas, I cannot afford even one.  #damnyourentcheck
@_hayles hey lovely!! hows you?not on long just bout to head off.got stuff to do  .our suns away today   xxx
@philhancox i'm not looking forward to today - hayfever 1 jesse 0  lol
My mate's abandoned me today...not sure where she is and she hasn't texted me or anything 
Phoning today, nobody to answer me... I think I'm gonna hate this day 
Oh noes! The weather is crap today! I have to wear full-length jeans now 
will go to thane today... yuppy .. and will come back to pune on friday 
back from my five am run, gettingvready for school. :/ ugh. and it's gunna be cloudy today  ! what ev, probably going to the by laterrr.
awake and wondering what to do? i have to do the shitty hoovering today 
just put my bubba @babycroctamer to bed - i missed her sooo much today  
hmm, feeling very tired today and ive got a huge headache 
@stephaniemcg I feel your pain for saturday, as for sun and mon I didn't go out I was too hungover  what's the plans for today?
no sun today  gotta start revising for psychology...boring
im sleepy. wish i didnt have to work today  
oh man of course orlando kids get out of school today too....can't win for losing  heading out tonight and hitting up disney tomorrow
travel injections today  ouch.
just got accidentally punched in the nads by a cleaner...today isn't going well 
Because the sun isn't shining today  http://tinyurl.com/pf9kzl
@buggedcom i have honey from sainos, does that count! haha. i take the spray, but today its v suffering 
i want to go to palo duro canyon today 
Still feeling kinda ill  grandad bought my semi-final tickets today YAY!!!
I am sooo annoyed i was hoping too finish early today, but no got to stay and clean and tidy dammit 
oohh not feeling good today....very sick 
@JessAttack omg that is shit. eh today has been so crap 
boh so much homework today.   but I am done with everything next wednesday! muhaha 
morrrrrning, well afternoon now! don't feel very well today  exam tomorrow so today's going to be a geek day! fun fun :\
Just ate crap today and am now paying the price 
@YoungMrFudge Looks like you will be in the top 20 with me my friend....but site won't let me vote today anyway 
gymm for the second time today ,. oh the joys   Haha
needs to sit on the giant ball today ... ouchy back 
home and craig is here... and i cant play Sims 3   oh and today i have to remember to turn in my math stuff or i will fail geom
Why is it it's not as nice today but my hay fever is really badass  there's no justice !!!!!
I feel so much better today!  I wish we had the internets so I could share my pictures with you all 
dnw to work today  &amp; why does everyone think i have a chronic infection?! no me gusta.
@Caroljs sophs asleep on mee too, my phone keeps going off and i cant get it! she's V. sleepy today?!? 
@Mellicious_ just have one today. heh. and i gots the sniffles too!  i hope we all feel better! jst wen the weather gets nice!
I work 9-6 today with bitch boss 
i missed eating my spinach stuff today 
Feeling a bit yuck on all fronts today 
My nan woulda turned 71 today 
My son is still under the weather today  He said he feels better when he eats candy??!!! huh? lmao
@agriggs8 I'm sure he would. I don't even have the radio playing today. I was gonna try to keep winning, but just don't want a fight. 
I don't wanna work today  my back hurts
Living in a shared flat sucks, just sorting out bills and council tax today, why i gotta do it all??!! 
ahhhhhh! we're being tested for choir today! i can't sight-sing and i have issues with some parts! asdfghjkl; this won't be too good. 
Just arrived at home ,what i've got today?NOTHING .hasfgh..! Kakiku pegel 
haven't discussed my design wid sir today als.. he was busy.. but somethin wrong wid him.. he wasn't in a good mood today(everyday).. 
I am not a happy camper today  I need to cheer myself up somehow.....hm it's too early to drink......so maybe I will just sit here and ...
oh snap, why did i go and wear short skirt today, now im suffering from legfreeze 
is back in newcastle today moving out her things 
hmm work is quiet today, coffee is gonzo, refill is looming but I am patiently awaiting the falling of the sky.. another sports free nite 
@philmartinez I'm checking again today cuz we don't have it here yet. 
Dammit... dentist today but no money to pay for dentist 
@ayingling @sbasista @lvernal I stained my shirt again today  @dferrari=FAIL
what up twitter fam I'm dealing with people who have no brand management skills today unfortunately they related 2 my boss 
 i'm not tweetin much today, it's probably coz i have nothing to say (haha it rhymes) but in the end i'll find a way (yea tht's nice ha)
Ugh mr.graham is being mean today!! 
Wondering why my hair is FREEZY today!!?? hmmm,,, damn i forgot to put my sleeping cap on lastnight!!! 
doc said i cant go anywhere today.....    i guess tht means ill have to practice harder
I have soooo much homework to do today and i dont even wanna get out of bed 
Getting ready for the gym...why am I not getting any thicker  arms and abs today yippy
possibly getting a new car today!!!.....probably not with my luck tho 
i made nur cry twice today! sorry!!!! but i know la its your angin weekdays. boooo. 
shoulder is hurting again today  paper writing, pt, paper writing, work 2-7 ... PLEASE STORM!
@dougiemcfly shame, i would have, its an amazing book :p but i live in essex and had 2 gcses today, so unfortunately i couldnt  sorry!
@caidalica oh no  cirstea is out of roland garros and I didn't see her play today
Finally back in twit-land... wasnt workin in office today 
Late for school, alright! I wish my ipod wasn't broken  What am I gonna do today.....
@DonnieWahlberg any chance you can cheer me up whilst your at it? I've the the grumps today &amp; can't shake them 
nothing interesting in post today  booooo!
cant believe it! I was accused of cheating in a game of duck duck goose today!! I only took a little shortcut 
All I can think of is &quot;school&quot;. today: english, czech and history...  don't want to study 
anthony's visiting today!!! i have no clue what were gonna do. too bad its raining!  any ideas?
my goodness the tubes are slllllow today   
hmmm, no beach today  going out to lunch though. text me if you wants.
oww. flip-flops do NOT like me today. 
our husky just gave birth today. 4 of them are alive, one died..  can't wait to see the puppies..
tennis was not as awesome today without lloyd 
Where the hell is my football? I wanna kick it around today! 
im not feeling that good today 
@heather_cooper me too! but i have a stress headache  i can't revise anymore today! did you see joe jonas doing single ladies? oh lord
my wifi is super crappy today.  
@McJess i feel poorly today  but we're gona drive to the twilight things i think!
@itsonlymecamy didn't catch ya today.. 
hopes they don't call her in to work today.  These cramps are going to make me one vicious bitch.  
Off to work- should make it today! To vote on the way -12hr shift ahead - yuk 
@tommy_V no house, the stuff was sent when they accepted our offer, and it just came today 
hum de hum. my computer's broke so i'm having to use my sister's again.   today was boring today, too and i... http://tinyurl.com/p4uyrl
My grandma is having an angiogram procdure done at the hospital today 
is freezing what he has of a butt off today  its so cold everywhere!!
@elektralyte mmm, i'd totally be down with some waffles, too. haven't ate yet today. 
Doubleshift today. Why did I say yes. 
soooooooooooo tired...today is never ending and it started out so fast...i hate when that happends 
@thelengend lol ok aww my twin bored! i miss my ex  lol and today was good tonight should be great!! lol
waiting for my borders voucher email...what will it be today...? probably something crap 
@dopegirlfresh nothing is today. ab to feel frantic though. i need a staple gun!! 
hit the off button today on the alarm instead of the snooze....hate when that happens....was late for class today 
today sucks =\ crappy weather, no plans &amp; feel like complete crap 
bleh ,, i don't like my father today 
only 2 things have been good today, my manch tix have arrived &amp; i actually revised successfully. 
@kennypistol it hates me today, first it wouldn't verify my pass, then the mummy is closed, and now wolverine isn't out here  and its hot
I prounouce today to be #failfriday ! arrrrgh,  I can't get things done, software crashing, tired, sleepless, overloaded &lt;/whining&gt;
@DJAJM2005 no, not yet. have emailed amazon today though. i've been a bit tied up with this virus i got.  gone now though 
wishes shed be allowed to go out today cuz so fkn lonely 
@linneahall yeah essays suck  I got speaking today 
My 2 friends r meeting me in atlanta today yay! And they r bringin the hunster!!!!! I've missed my pup 
@McMoi87 wut as in forever? or today? or idk  and ok I shall make some &lt;3
at chilis wit my son...nothing to do today because its raining outside.. 
@_wheezy So YOU'RE the one that's jinxing me. I can't get anything done today 
No rachel ray today 
@_MissMacy_ why are you mad? btw no phone today for me 
the gulf is extra choppy today. im too scared to go out 
@cbain84 not started yet no  was good seeing ya today
wth?! no ellen on today?? so confused.. 
@lalavazquez wat u doin today...u in my city and still aint seen me  lol
zombie status today. didnt sleep  must have been all the bday cake yesterday
i wish i could go to dallas with my momma and dro today 
@joniiii alotttttttttt freakin better except i got cramps cause i started my period today 
I'm sad I'm not going to the beach today  buttt happy I'm going to taste of syracuse.
TGIF follow me its so woth it... today wasnt as hot as yeaterday though. i got sunburnt!!  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
i officily cryed today coz my friend martin is leavvin skl early 
@ijustdomysmoove yesss ! and i get off at 7  u got practice today ?
@thedjaone yeah i feel ya. today is my monday 
I feel horrible -my mom is in so much pain today, she is in tears 
went to her old college today, nothings changed! expect i felt really really old 
@ashmatt1 r u at the beach? allie g is coming today but it looks gloomy  ill message you my number...
@enaaarz I forgot my sunglasses today too  now I look like a retard squinting outside when I'm walking.
A trailer ran over my favorite frisbee today 
@westcoast_man nope...too busy today 
im super sad today....  I hate everything today!!!
today I turned off autofollow  im getting to much crap like this person @freestuffreview shame on you!
There was absolutely no point in comming to class today - i could be sleeping 
Lots of hugs today lol the 8th graders graduated today!!! I'm gonna miss someee of them... 
i wish there was a krispy kreme near by so i can go and get my free doughnut that they are giving out today  
my first unpleasant experience at starbucks happened today 
@tommcfly @dougiemcfly @dannymcfly @mcflyharry our mission #mcflyforgermany for tt failed today  but pls come to germany one day-or soon;)
@Geraldy Aw that sucks  I just paid my bill today actually. So expensive but worth it :]
was really scared about the food fight that was supposed to happen today..... it didn't happen. ha ha guess i'm no looking forward to it 
sad no cheesecake today   ... but wedding tomorrow maybe!! so thats exciting!!
@cazmir huh? I wha?   u picking on me today Cazzy....
http://twitpic.com/6ozok - @sinsayshunz you're missing out! I'm hungry today, so...uhm...don't be surprised if there is none 
@heavenunaware ouch! did they give anything 4 pain?why couldnt they do it today?he just might be eatting soup. 
Feeling like shit so I'm going to bed...also had bad news today about tomorrow. I have to work late so no bill bailey for me 
The most wonderful thing happend today are car broke down. 
  so far...today sucks.
Why the hell is everyone BRBing me today?  
So... anyone have any other ideas about how we can get the word about the survey out?  We haven't had any new ones today 
@se too bad I didn't checked twitter today  #coincidence
@MusicGurlJay thanks  hahaha im having so many brain farts today.really.i got up at like 3am 
soooo, today my mom didn't buy me this skateboard i wanted. she must not like me 
@zparcell Where were you today when I was at raddidio? I missed seein ya 
@kymieann  you are correct! sex would makee today perfect! but that wont happen tonight  so i have to settle for drinks!
@lisamariemary I hope things went smoothly today, I'm sure it was super sad 
Starting to get that depressed/frustrated feeling that I'm gonna get screwed over on delivery today. 
last day working fo louise goldin today  sad! but onwards and upwards!!!
@markhoppus super sad vegas sold out i was going to get my tix today 
@the_yang the coupon expires today..  did you get one?
@ShannaPace i just had one beer but i felt it! i hate being a light weight!  lol.  i was dragging today for sure!
@leowalters I think everyone is having a kinda crappy day today 
Feeling abit disheartened now to be abit, thinking back on today, I wasn't half as good as I could have been...not good 
@AARONGUTIERREZ no I wish!!    they didn't get me tickets yesterday cuz they thought we had classes today.  So we're at home listening lol
today was soo frustrating. jduiwh! going back to comcast cause i forgot stuff! 
@tommcfly oh, tom, why aren't you replying anyone today? 
washed clothes today....mad bcuz i couldnt enroll into the online course i wanted to take 
didn't go to work today and is sick as hell! 
@heathermriley oh i know,i had like 5 of them adding me today  #20boysummer
my new phone, the alias 2. will now get here monday, instead of today...    i dont know if i can wait any longer for it!!!
its so gloomy out today - it makes me sad  *sigh* i need to crank some beats n drink some freakin red bull!!
@MapQuest played all the LOTL adventures today. Too bad can't win the bonus prize 
@geianne hahaha, where did the haters go? there aren't a lot on oceanup today  i miss them...
I seriously just can't wake up today   ...thats what I get for going to bed early
feeling kind of shitty today 
I like how my dad told me after it was to late i could of gone to the lake today 
my twit pics are showing up?? i send 2 today 
I like how my dad told me after it was to late I could have gone to the lake today 
@shifty_win - twittering again?? I'm waiting for leo, we're going to my cousin's place today... and it's raining..... 
oh nooooo, I didn't get to see the sunlight today 
@valpalbby (dont forget the bby!) lol hi i saw you for like 10 seconds today... 
haircut today. ugh it's only 07:00am o_O @thisisryanross please don't change anymore? the pretty odd stage was good enough, dont waste it 
hey people it is 4.15pm here in australia we bought 3 crabs today they look really good but i cant have any untill dinner  ill get over it
@rokg if it's any consolation, london is also very cold and miserable today 
is awake!! interview today so scared! i don't know what to wear and its cold and its raining  i wanted to go london tombs aswell
oh yippee I need to go to work today 
goin get a tat tomorrow well today! im scared 
hmmm no shorts today 
Looks like I'm gonna get wet today then 
@twinsquirrel no, chris has to go to a wedding today and it starts around midday. so no later flight possible... 
I wish I didn't have to work today  im still tired!
today working from 11 till 11.  Thats too long dude 
YAY laterally hyperextended my knee today! cant walk 
gamta cancelled! so i'm wide awake waaaay too early for my liking + i now have nothing to do today 
our repas de quartier is today in the freezing ass cold, --and me with my guacomole and iced coronas, boo-hoo 
gamta cancelled! so i'm wide awake waaaay too early for my liking + i now have nothing to do today 
Bleargh... really cant be bothered with today, spending it with kids/youth... in fact also next saturday as well 
@TheBibik I wish it was freezing here today..ok not freezing but not hot 
i might as well start a bit of revision because i am not playing cricket today and it seem that i wont be watching any either 
ok today is the day i have 2 ebays to fight for....though i think i might not do one as it's collect only at 75mi away 
feeling really paranoid today  damn it! i gotta leave very soon! i wish i didn't feel like this!
I really didnt like what i had to read on the news today, made me sad    first time i've felt like chocking up as im reading the bully.
cba to revise today mate, but havent for the past 2 days 
@Smiffys44 lmaooo. i can't drag myself away from the computer though  what do you want to do uptown today btw?
i paid for last night reallll bad today  i swear i have nothing to throw up anymore.... ew :|
i was in and out of bed every five minutes today....  im never getting that wrecked again....
been watching p!nk all day on channel [v]  oh and lost netball today 
@GLBriggs i know right!  u got coursework to catch up on :Z?! boo that! lol awh what to do today now?! blahhhh pain in the arse! xxx
so rainy today  its like january...
@davefmv yeah I really did. I'm so ill today though 
im bored  beckys going out soon.i done as much house wrk as i can stnd so i plan to become insane today. i hear its a well practiced skill
oops, forgot to buy tickets in advance, the arts centre only has 1 left, guess we are doing something else today 
Another gorgeous morning- i really wish i could have slept in a bit today tho 
pretty proud of myself for not calling in to work today...in other news the guy at dunkin was super rude to me &amp; effed up my drink 
@antoniamoreno I know what you mean, I'm thinking the same thing  probably going to do a bit of spanish today and possibly on tuesday...
I'm a litle miffed off i didnt get my new guitar today 
Going to manchester with rosie today, she wants me to get converse. But they don't stop your feet from getting wet 
my mom leaves today 
@cmbaldwin yeah - working today 
wii games are not working very well today. ... 
@djcable haha. I'm 5 4 with an big mouth... it'll never fit, I'm obviously going to use this to go last min shopping as I fly home today 
argh i can do like nothing today cos of all my coursework :| i was asked to the lakes and the cinema and can't go 
Hey everyone - it's my birthday today but I'm not doing anything special at all - didn't get organised - one boring day - go to gym tho 
Man I have one hell of a hang over today, so much for the days of no after effects 
Eating probiotic and prebiotic in huge ammount today.. Should reduce that chillis 
my laptop or internet is sooo fricking slow today  :@ !! does any1 know what the problem is ??
glad i followed instincts to come today cos now tomorrow's off 
I feel a little better today. hmm lets see, graduation? I want to go 
says suddenly, i felt tired and exhausted :| eh i haven't been productive yet today  http://plurk.com/p/yvkqm
Heading home today. I think I'm ready, but I know as soon as I can't smell the ocean anymore, I'll want to come back  The real world sucks
Feeling like crap today, i think i have food poisoning! 
 not nice weather in london today, about to go out for a walk tho
chilling today, bills r done, reading/watching TV, want to write, but just typing this is hurting my wrist 
im so tired and really dont feel like goin to work today 
no serena on tennis? darn i was LQQKIN forward to droolin ova her today 
im soooo tired today  i need to think of something to do...
Is working her third double in a row today  blah.
@juicy376 thats how I feel today!! 
@sryanoliver the pretzel ppl weren't there today 
@digitalgurl same here... release party last nite...video shoot today...i wish it werent so 
@stephanie_hall haha. really scary! cool! today didn't happen  woke up 7am, but fell asleep again, and slept to 3pm :o
Maybe my last twit from today: I have to make homework: french  goodbye (: x
whoah. sorry about that. leesburg today to deal with family stuff. i really don't want to go.. there is no point. 
ugh im still tired and i dont think im doing anything today 
cloudy day here today.. trying to have a yard sale     not working real well.. oh well nothing better to do.
My face is au naturale today, baby...and hideous! 
my babeee today alright!  i miss her so muuuch. 
 At least today is ok.
@xVivaLaJuicyx I got an instant message on a bbq today. I need to get well now. 
@Aramirez530 you no love me no more!!!!  yooo! What the hell we doing today???!!! @joyholiday
@iisabellakiim omg the water Is sooo much nicer than yesterday 
im so mad in not going to orlando today 
@LydiaCaesar yes it does  its all good though, what you up to today?
want to have my twilight dvd, too  some just got it today from amazon 
boys are going to the dump, im getting ready! (had to check for the burts bees giveaway. missed it today  )
yall i fell so sick today 
I really really really wish i could see @taylorswift13 today in concert  sucks, why does it have to be sold out??! its my b-day and im sad
my fish are like a job, it doesn't help that there has been something constantly wrong since day 1. smh. today's problem: DISEASE 
@rachBAM haha yeah it has that effect on ppl. I'm sorry I couldn't go today I really was going to I had a bag ready and everything 
Just got back from karate turns out ime not going to see star treck today 
http://twitpic.com/6r0p4 - sad pug  everybody's leaving him today.
@digitalprophet1 oh but aren't you going to your company picnic today?  i'll be there 
was a very naughty girl in topshop today. bank card, im sorry 
just got my tonsils out  i feel like poop.  hopefully gabby comes over today, cheer me up.
idk what to do today 
So, there were plans of zip lining through a cavern somewhere in the east bay today, but no go anymore. 
sec place today! sec is the first loser! 
relaaaaay today! tut tut...looks like rain 
ragin i didn't see you today  i wouldn't have known what to do if i had though, tbh i would have probably run!
my sister moves to vegas today..... 
@soundofsterling the lack of free refills would get to me.  That being said, drink on my behalf... gotta stay sober today 
ok somehow just read the morning twiiters and now I have to go do my hair, I have to work today. 
dude..today is going to be boring since obvioously i cant go see DIMMN 
@CaplinROUS think she went back to bed...same reason I missed first round today...overslept 
So hes not coming home today after all 
is sore...and tired...don't wanna go to work today 
@ThePISTOL because you never call  and i sit and cry all day so  when i call today u better answer or else i will teepee ur studio..hah jk
I hate today. It has been fucking horrible. I hate my fucking mother. The computers overheating. 
i got no homies to hang out w/ today!!! 
I think imma lay in bed today, my body is hurting 
was trying to go to a wedding today, but i wasn't invited...): my old peeps forgot about me 
I have to wear my friggin glasses today. 
ow face. still drunk. can't get my id today  but still going outtt
wut? 6 hours since my last update, i have a life now!!!! uh,not im o bored and have not done anything today 
gotta do lots of cleaning today 
wanted to get her new phone today but couldnt  bad times
feels bloody cold today, and the air pressure is damn low =&gt; I feel shit... 
feels bloody cold today, and the air pressure is damn low =&gt; I feel terrible... 
awww we found my geri halliwell album today but it almost exploded my mac  so i cant listen to itt 
@kfrags are you going to the gym today?? or are you at spin. &lt;--gay i have SUCH a bad sore throat. 
the heart meds i need today wont be ready for pick up until monday  no good
@WiIl_ man I wanted to go today too, but y'all don't have your dumb cards 
oh god why am i so hungry today 
kids to bed, might nap, then hopefully might feel more awake later!... done zip today!  
waiting on my brownies to get done..heading to chadleys later for some fun!! wish i could see my baby today 
Ah fuck my allergies are horrible today!!!  I keep sneezing my head off  #fb
my darling betsy is leaving today 
@gcelloboi i am so sick today.  its stupid i cant stop coughin
Getting my fake nails off today  Then hangung out with my boyfwend &lt;3
Missed my friends today oops 
@laurafbaye dude I'm sooooo tired I wish I can leave early today my damn feet hurt!!! 
sore, tired, nd paying bills. today is no bueno 
not feelin too good today... whats really goin on? 
@Tyrelin it was all hamburgers and hot dogs. And I'm supposed to be fasting today anyways. 
my gas bbq went on fire today  ... what a twat!! but had the best day
Driving to work.. I just opened twinkle and see that updating it was not a dream.  sigh, I better get some tours today.
http://twitpic.com/6ry08 - I wish this was what I saw when i walked into the laundry mat today, but sadly no 
bought another bumgenius one size pocket diaper again today. chris yelled at me  haha.
bought another bumgenius one size pocket diaper today. chris yelled at me  haha.
is unhappy today. im watching sex and the city tonight 
too much of the good stuff last night and really feeling it today, started wrk @ 7  . . No  one should have to wrk on sundays
just roasted about 2lbs of guatemala fraijanes frm @sweetmarias. roaster was janky today. batch size on this new poppery is down to 6oz. 
YES work is finally done!!!! have the next whole week off!!!! YAY!! today sucked  soooo busy at the cafe made my head hurt 
going to go ahead and say it: work sucks donkey dick today. I'm out of patience. 
@bronzeshiney Awwww....    I should have warned you all that I'd be disgustingly chipper and okay today.  I just got back from my walk!
@NickSwisher hey sorry ab loss today 
@symphnysldr agreed. I missed my party today tho 
I'm feeling slightly uninspired today... where's @DertyDen...where my homie @BYONEST?!?  
have enjoyed some time to myself yesterday &amp; today, but am now really missing my hubby  wish he was going to be here to watch a movie w/me
in wiston salem great grandma just died     went to her funeral today so sad    i miss her so much lovely lady LOL i still have humor!
I just woke up.. I want to cut my bangs today! And I still need to drive around but my dad is shleeping. I'm getting a cough 
@ruckercb whatcha up to today? i should totz sneak out tonight and have fun with you because otherwise ain't nothin' gonna happen today 
@und1sk0 today i am trying to quell the pain gods  i wish i could have bbq!
@corinh  listen to the signs young man, listen to the signs...no gym for you today, in fact nothing that requires you to see...
@devanp16 haha thats really long! i have 9 today good money but 
@llaeak buy me a copy ay? i have to work today. 
missing my twilight ppl. where r u at?? lol no rob talk for me today! 
@joyjavier awww dats sad for u. i couldnt even go sumwer today. mine is way worser than urs 
@mooifood just tried to get some of your desserts from elf, but they are opening late today! FAIL.  next time.
thank god i'm only owkring 3 hours today ... feel like i am gonna die 
@T_Smiles I didn't end up leaving till like 3:30 today...u coulda stopped by afterall 
missed her haircut appt today because she though it was at 4.15 when it was 12.15 
@kaatttyyyy how was the gymm. how have u been? today is rly boring in sd. rly havent done like shit today 
@artistiquemeg hmmm a headache  how you feelin today still sick?
hawks footy today. don't really wanna go 
aah! today sucks! 
btw, i went to mac and sephora today. only got a few things. i forgot how much i missed makeup 
cant decide what to do today 
@RenzoMusic i have to tell the truth, i ate a piece of your cake today  lmao
I told yall today was crazy and fun i almost got my ass shot and cashed out on some food' lol  no mall for me today
hmm i'm like moody today...maybe because i have a bad allergy n i'm really tired after work...n also this storm is not helping me...buh 
i twisted my ankle today, and it was all good until i stopped moving, now the bitch is all swollen and painful. 
Cuhs I want to talk to you on the phone.. And plus you still have to do hw  we barely talk today. I'm sad that your having fun and I'm ...
Cuhs I want to talk to you on the phone.. And plus you still have to do hw  we barely talk today. I'm sad that your having fun and I'm ...
Cuhs I want to talk to you on the phone.. And plus you still have to do hw  we barely talk today. I'm sad that your having fun and I'm ...
Cuhs I want to talk to you on the phone.. And plus you still have to do hw  we barely talk today. I'm sad that your having fun and I'm ...
Cuhs I want to talk to you on the phone.. And plus you still have to do hw  we barely talk today. I'm sad that your having fun and I'm ...
Cuhs I want to talk to you on the phone.. And plus you still have to do hw  we barely talk today. I'm sad that your having fun and I'm ...
ughh. not at elshaddai today 
@theteganandsara ahh those books are amazing. i finised breaking dawn today as well. i was sad, im going to miss them. 
lalala.... today grandpa n my sisters all go back miri. n mr green tea goes back kuching 
@dannasp: humm i want to go too, but you go to the concert  today i try to get money but i dont have
my mom has major pms today. 
@MariahCarey lame... kinda  havent done much at all today..
Today is not my lucky day! Daddys mad at me    and I'm sad cuz of another thing      so much saddness for me today   
isn't very well today...whats new hey! 
just want to watch boys before flowers!! i don't wanna go today!!! 
later zuzu lagi pergi. adoi... bye everyone tinggal kan i ha today.. what a lonely day 
@hendrika25 oh lame. i was just at that beach today and missed the whales 
Totally missed snl today.  awesome! http://tinyurl.com/oylc2x
@mitchelmusso dude! I wish I could be there, it sounds like sooo much fun.. I wanted to go today.. but I couldn't 
http://twitpic.com/6t8v3 me n my bestestie taylor lol note the rockstar cans on top of our heads. so sad she had to go back home today 
I still can't move from grubbin today whoa! 
today was a day filled with yummy things, fun ,laughter, and  sillyness. pity i didnt get to see some of you  .
I'm so bummed I didnt get to go shopping for new fabrics and stuff today cause I was too busy. And I cant tomorrow either. 
@gfalcone601 i woke up because of the thunder!  i will come! wait, im going to the summertime ball today, sorry i would otherwise! haha xx
@cuddlenic101 Your right and jennifer aint hit me up since earlier today 
Goddddd please gimme a little happiness for today. 
start my content campaign last night.. &amp; today my ads are still &quot;under review&quot;  - -
@andyclemmensen awww poor andy  it was soo cold in the hospital today x
@knydhanika so sorry can't make it to your house today 
uh i am really cold and i just bit my fingernails so much that they're hurting  today is a very stressful day
@project_bleu i'm sorry you have to work today jt 
awwww nick im sorry   I thought lei told u I was getting tickets today! I would have loved for u to be with us
aint feelin chipper today 
I is sat no couch with a coffee dont feel much better than i did yesterday 
oh no, its raining loads today  come back sun
@dnguyenha y do i hate renos?! cos u cant find anything! takes me like 10 hrs to find the bread! and ah no servy today? studyyyyyyyy 
sosososoooo hungry  but today i'm buying ipod woooohoo!
has many things to do today. i just want to sleep tho 
aww marrnn i have nothing to do today :/ im soooooo bored 
shit mood  i need something to do today
@lonouri i can't believe you have to in out in this either ;) i'm so ill today  i puked ewwww  hating lifeeee   not leaving my bed!
Euuurghh. I feel so illl. I need someone to make me chicken soup  No Dailybooth today I think.
shit English weather has stopped me from playin golf today. Not very happy 
seems to an epidemic of hypo-cholecalciferol-imea today 
Oh man. The moon's damn nice today. And so is the sky! I wish you were here with me to see this. 
i should start revision today but i don't want to  i'm so lazy lmao
today is my mommy pass 
just realised how long it has been / will be till a sat night in the mighty 'tyd.. shocking times!!! revision today, seriously cba like 
cant believe how frigging slow my computer is today, its driving me mad 
Just woke up still laying in bed, gotta study today 
why is noody tweeting today  im really bored. someone make this exciting!!
@indie_eire Apologies, it sprears I am somewhat moody today 
Anyone wanna try doing the #reschedulencnk @nkotb again today??? I tried to post threads on nkotb.com but haven't gotten any response. 
@kkaylin miss you   (just saw ya yesterday) .. (see you again today!) =D
back to reality......workin until 6 today 
@FrankieTheSats @unahealy are you performing there today? if yes, i would love to be there  anyway, love from germany
trying really hard to stay calm today but seems bad news is following me  oh well life goes on, got my boys to keep me happy 
i miss my aunty she done alot for me she died six years ago today 
@ValleyPrincess morning.  How are you today?  I just wanna go back to bed.  
@hunterzzz that is too bad about the event  good luck with today. Not sure if I will be caching, but hubby is gonna fix some caches for me
urgh, borin' sundayss  asif my sister decided that we're doin' what we were supposed to do today tomorrow + i have no credit to text Lucc
loves acoustic bad religion, and doesn't love working today 
bradley ryan is graduating today!! 
@geekigirl oh no! what a shame  feeling better today?
@Lancerman123 have to be having someone stuck to my hip today if ya know what i mean 
@brookepayne Nothing much trying to talk my fam into having a little cook out today but no one is feeling it but me 
wow i was twisted last night... how did i get home?  do i have to work today? im sure shelly will want to talk about something  geeezzzz
I wish a new pokemon episode was on today. 
my little bro is 23 today  i feel old lol
ughh so much to do today 
my little sis is graduating from pre-k today..im going to miss it. 
@choobrenda yup mine is, but there were afew times today when it couldnt load for me too, could be due to human traffic perhaps 
My head hurts again today.  oh yeah, good morning!
watching 1408, cant hang out with my baby today..  im sad..
mitchell is going home today 
@cookiemonster82 I really don't know,not that slow it was horribly busy today  Just I guess she got the message from higher up...not god;)
just woke up. not hanging with kenny or anyone else today  oh well. work at 4!
my stomache aches today  excited about the european elections lol
also i done the race for life today ;D! i was fine earlier but now im abit tired 
@LeafsFaninBigD bummer that you have to work   if it makes you feel any better, i'm supposed to be cleaning house today lol
@JessDover Nothing fun today... 
Leaving new york today  Really don't want to leave my friends behind.
went to watch jonas brothers 3D concert yesterday with jenny n today been sat in tidyin up and gettin homework sorted out for school 2moz 
my last shift with my cousin is today   aww everyone's all sad lol
what am I gonna do today I have a bit of a headache 
not feeling well today..blah-humbug 
man; i cant believe i had to misss my class today :/ now i dont have my modeling buddy cienna with me  or my physcoweirdobuddy simon 
i'm so sorry you guys, dreadful change of plans, hafta audition today; i've got a ride to wicked; please tell paige. sorry 
Skipping frisbee today  but I want to know if anything is going on afterward, please.
sorry less tweets today 
Couldent find my lucky lakers boxers today 
@GlitterGiggles I've been playing the sims most of today. It IS an addiction 
dont feel too good today 
My stomach hates me today. Guzzling pink stuff. 
chinese food almost always end up messing my digestive system. i had to have it today because everyone else wanted it 
feel like shit today  maybe some coffee will cure!
I'm having major iPhone issues today and have resorted to a full restore wich is taking ages 
i don't even want to go to work today  i just wanna lay in my bed. in other news, i finished my both of my bffs birthday presents. yay me!
Laying out before T's tattoo session today, soooo hungover. @saintpiercing I have a problem with pinching again 
Not liking the fact that I have to get back to the real world tomorrow and with a bang too - 5am wake up call  so not fair !!
feeling like crap today i hate my allergies  on my way  to publix..having ppl over for dinner
i was so excited to go to work today but i so wanna leave its soooooo boring 
has cheated on diet today how gutted am i  once in a while wont hurt to much i guess
@MissFarrah so no fryman today   i wish i was there with...im a go to the gym...when do you think youll be back?
If I could afford the lil' guy I would take him home today, but I just can't right now. 
wow no one seems to be tweeting today. must be off having lives while im stuck here in bed trying to fight off whatever this is. 
Awww me &amp; my mama match today   http://mypict.me/2WCi
ugh. nothing to do today..  miss benni and he's leaving thursday. oh well. going to shower. then store w/mom.
I'm so sad today, I don't know the reason ... miss my cousin  
i could honestly take a gigantic nap right now, but there's too many things i want to get done today!!! 
I'm soooo tired now  At least I got to see my best friend today at her workplace! @meellow the wrap tasted okay. there was no sauce in it
@cartertwinsorg i hope you guys are voting hardcore today i work until 11 tonight so im done. 
watched a sweet sad movie last night and can't stop thinking about it today 
i wanna hang out with someone today too... 
is watching cruel intentions, my sunday has been real dry today 
I wish I could see @missjeffreestar today, but im not 
today, a bird flew into my window and died  poor thang
@bugboybaker I saw loads of robins between (and while) volunteering today. No cuckoos though 
@jmetson damp unfortunatley  today was ok , how's the world e treating you ?
suppose to go canoeing .. sleep too long today sucks 
@juliakontos omg so today at softball thats all they talked about and i got so nousious i like basically had to sit out  not good
@JillzWorth ohhh no..boooo  I'm running around. not on much today. sowwy  
headache.  but i love my bed today. and peach cobbler. and cute british boys.
@karenthiessen Who won the race today, i couldn't watch cause i don't have cable or dish tv. 
@DaveGorman crap, I had bakey potatoes today, but I forgot to try your punching trick out  ahwellnexttime
aw fudge sickles i missed the vfc chat today!  can someone tell me wat happened?
@omgwtfannie guess we both have wardrobe mishaps today 
i'm sad that @bshaylg is leaving for houston today to start her summer job. she's a big girl now and me no likey it. 
Me and my four year old next door neighbor are wearing the same dress today. I may have been more excited than her about this fact tho 
@inlaterdays  Today has been made of way more awesome than yesterday. I'll send you some, yes? &lt;3
It sucks that the princess is tired! She doesnt wanna see me today!  I dont feel loved anymore!  lol jk
so yeah, not feeling good today at all 
the dance continues,but the outcome still will be the same  dont feel good today, think i am really sick.
People say im grumpy today 
FUUUUCK there's an update i really, really wanna read but it's too long. I already read enough for today to add THAT much.  gah.
I don't know if i have the strength for anymore sad news today  And i gotta bust a twelve hr.
Going to shower and then off to work, kinda lazy today though 
@djsourmilk I had also forgotten to tell you that this shoes are dope! I went today to try to cop a pair, but they didn't have my size! 
where ma girls at?? @vpayne is miss mia today  ...@zurihall answer my text!
is getting his improv butt kicked today. 
dont fell so good today 
@mileycyrus I dont know I had to say goodbye to my sissy today!! 
Still having headache but I can't absent today.there's sumthin I have to do at the office 
Working today sux 
@Upstatemomof3 grrr my server is being really slow, or not working today.    I just signed with them so I am stuck.
loungin... a lil too much sun today... ouch 
today was not the average sunday at 315..miss working with more models &amp; pti 
@nakedlaughing yeah your pic...&lt;3 it though.  It didn't rain today...but it's very humid. 
word... i didnt win bingo today  but yea... it was fun anyways...
@neito the zoo burned me. I forgot to put my sunscreen on today  im all red now
my brain is being very annoying today &gt; i feel like i'm rotting at home...! this isn't good. 
For some reason I feel really weak and sick today 
cant figure out why we're watching booy in the striped pajamas after what happened today except chance wanted to see it 
ouuuuuuuuch! my tummy wont stop hurtiiiiiing  i regret eating today &gt;.&lt;
@amanda_nan i got sunburned too today  on my head. ouch.
had a blast today w/ the fam....think i ate too much, stomach is killing me 
augh so annoyed today  then had a pointless argument with my honey. i mean really who cares whose meatball it was!
im extremley bored , i also tried to help my baby quail get out of the egg shell today, but it already died , i got it out anyway 
@mitchelmusso i saw you today at el cajon . &amp; i think i love you  (k)
@tinaapenz I didn't even get to say hi to your brother  there were so many people I didn't even get to talk to today, it was madnessss
@rynresa That sucks  I didn't play much yesterday bc of his bday party so today I made a point to get to lvl 2
mrnin people...bad sunny monday  dnt feel like speaking to the new masters batch at sicsr today in this weather...
In 'lemott' bus of the day !! Aaaaargh,damn annoying !! And jakarta is too hot for me today,I'm melting !! Sucks !! 
i got this amazing yearbook comment today from someone who i might not ever see again 
twitter's been a bit quiet today  boring! ahahh.
@ak618 I can barely make them, usually I miss the first inning  today I had a meeting after church &amp; got there after nate's hr
feels sad  rick has migraine today http://plurk.com/p/10zw5y
wonders if rick can still fetch me today  http://plurk.com/p/10zwi2
august burns red say today will be a new song on myspace, its 1:02 and i dont see any new song  I CAN'T WAIT
Just woke up for school  startin new timetable today tho :-D
@robstereo my mommy didnt let me see you guys today 
morning everyone, feel ill today really ill. 
@omgitsalex happy birthday for today/yesterday,  i dont understand australia times ;D  i hope your rat gets better  x
@envyamor  bad days suck ass. i had one of those today. explains why i'm awake at 3 am on twitter. i hope your tomorrow is better.
jk i don't think i'm going to ocean park today 
today was fuckin great although i feel bad for moana 
has a lot f ffice wrk todo today 
dont want to get out of bed today 
@tincueson i just read your posts and now im even more sad  all I ate today was rock star, no wait I had a very large coffee too 
church was so boring today  i was almost falling asleep :S but ate so fucking much feeling full and bloated 
 didnt sticth today cos was reading on wattpad LOL
@magnifyingglass .. mmmm.. they're on the screen, earlier today.. 
@fionamclaren My nose hates me today. 
feeling really lonely today  @jason_mraz : making my lonliness go away is a gift only u have. &lt;3 &quot;burning bridges&quot;
Feeling a bit sick today 
Ah my wee man is sick today 
bleh, I think I'm coming down with a cold.  not cool, I got so much work to catch up on today :/
@mmmayela i know! i'm not used to not seeing you.  i actually didn't see a lot of familiar faces today... and som mall was packed!
its too nice to go college today  #fb
The weather so bum outside has been sinse 9am warmth n a nice breath I dnt wanna b trapped in studio today 
the office didn't play any interesting tunes today... argh. 
state library once again (: hehehe, no comp today. cannot fb  le sigh still no password to fb yet. cannot remember what vhan put -.- bleh.
hates rain. officially. I feel sick again 'cause i haven't left the house today!  http://plurk.com/p/111kwc
@moanyboot yes exciting as ever lol though not getting a tan today 
topshop's really let me down today  hahah
its raining today !! dont know what to do today 
says no sir, there'll be no skyping today 
lady gaga tap tap is addictive. why is everyone pissing me off today 
monday starts with a bang. 2 classes today, one presenter missed his flight and we were just told we don't have all supplies 
@rdougan yea it is, getting it all ready today. Just 4 or 5 small things 
@SchillingC I might as well give it a go today too, since I bought the cocking thing.  At least I can return it. But for what?!
In my way to school...idk how th twit it got cold, yersterday it waz hot as hell and today is cold  not nice
i forgot my ipod today &amp; i feel really lost without it 
i fail for two resons today first is i have just made a new cd and now know of another song i wish to be one it and 2 iv ran out of cd's 
my phone has completely broke!!!!! how? lol new one needed asap! not feeling well today my belly hurts  xx x
 so annoyed... needs some good tweets to come her way.. today was a bad day. ow
PENS parade today! can't go bc of damn chemistry  kill me
feeling particularly uninspired today... not a good thing considering the pile of stuff I need to get done before wednesday 
@cloudzy_09 omg same I do ad to miss skwl today  hope it's not flu
I will be facing the evils of the drive-thru today (banking, that is, not fast food). I think I'm going to miss the call center a bit 
@romina08 get online i have things to share! lol.  &amp; @MEstoque yeah didn't see you today! or any leprechauns 
@drmc08 off today buddy!  Though in tues-fri! 
stupid rain! cant go out now  some people are absolute nob heads, i've been grated on mega today!!
argh ... why couldnt i have gone to london today? ... theres a huge bumblebee there and @realmfox and @tyrese4real will be there   madness
This course is hella boring and after today I'll still have to go and do part 2 tomorrow. 
is back on twitter!! for today anyway!! and now its thundering 
@sterniii ouw noooo  jst thought today of u in backing with the movie  fawk ..
and my english sucks today 
@madlawstudent yes - just seen some clients now about to work on some proposals but feelin bit f***ed off today 
@ibramo I say yikes not bcuz its late but bcuz I'm doing dinner with an old friend at 7pm &amp; I wanted to shop with you today 
not a happy bunny, we cant have that lovely new house we wanted... fooey.   emmajane sad chops today im afraid
researching refrigerators... mine kinda doesn't work today 
wow.. im really tired today.. still got assignments to do.. sighh 
oh why there are many things to do today ?!? kill me! 
my knee is sore today  is this what old age feels like haha im falling apart!!
712 items on my google reader to sort through today  That'll teach me to ignore the internets for the weekend!
i almost hit a doggy today..  he was just trotting across the busy street
i have NOTHING to do today. bitches. 
I feel like shit today 
going to study now  but i dont feel like it... but it must be...so i say bb see u today evening &lt;3 bye twitters :*
todays plans have been messed up as now not feeling very well  suppose it gives me a chance to tidy!!
ok I don't think I can go to the gym today cuz I have a basketball camp for today and tomorrow at 7 
wish for today: a new belly so that i didn't have to be gluten-free 
 I'm a sad panda today. I want a slurpee damnit!
@cherrywopie korean dramas? arent you in japan? ahaha  my bus broke down today  ill tell you the details when you get back!
damn it tv guy had issue with his truck brakes, now he wont be here till even later, don't think i'll be able to visit the babies today 
i am missing russell terribly today just want some cuddles and kisses now 
some one stepped on my toe last nite and broke part of the nail... don't wanna wear shoes today. 
@angelenic I hope every one of them that tweeted while looting goes to jail for looting..  It's a depressing mess in #dtla today 
i really should do laundry today. but i feel like crap 
@BerlyAnne on the bright side, last month's rejects may be today's best choice?? *grins*..and btw, no email yet... 
@FatBottomBags ewww bills. I gotta pay some of those today too. 
Our gracious queen should grasp her crown and take a good fucking swing at blair and brown. Totally not in the mood for anything today. 
today was unbelievably boring. and damn mrs robertson and her dodgy photo of me 
I feel like crap today.  
@chrisamayo yeh ive blocked her about 10 times today, and just noticed she is following again 
My little bro leaves for bootcamp today. 
@grimmers  I was s'posed to go today but my dad refused to let me go after we had a minor argument... grim 
watching still game, its lost its funnyness today  im also finding it hard to keep my eyes open!
s@nachtaktiv same here  i yelled at the newspaper! bernadottes dont like us  anyway: beckmann, today!
sheesh. i need some creative juice today. 
@nachtaktiv same here  i yelled at the newspaper! bernadottes dont like us  anyway: beckmann, today!
I wish i had more friends  or at least ones who were nearby. Days like today, because of my mood, i feel like a total zero.
doesn't feel like doing anything today ! bleh ! 
my poor doggies are sick today 
MIDTERM today booo  wish me luck!!
feel like going out today instead of studying for org. behavior!! 
Me and my boyfriend split today  and it was becoz of my mates too
stupid as this sounds. i have missed talking to chris today  damn him and his phone always dying lol
my mom had a root canal today. i feel bad for her 
frak... monday is so strong today that not even a flirty chat with the office's cutest girls takes away the grumpiness. 
&quot;it's only you, beautiful, or i don't want anyone. if i can choose, it's only you&quot; (sorry for lyrics only twitter!  i'm unoriginal today)
pretty much hating today. there are so many smart people who have already answered my thesis question. damn. now i need to think more 
@chlojade chloe i do not sound like stephanie from lazy town haha. Not had good news today  tell you later x
@sudruk GAAAAH!!! i knew i should have called out today!! something told me to and to go see him!  i was hoping he'd still be filming fri
@OtaliaRocks what u think of todays ep? from pbp comments? i'm not sure if i want anymore angst now after the closeness on friday. 
i felt so yucky yesterday  But at least i feel ok today. At the shop...then headed to oly.
@LaoChiGirl yeah see my skewl is stupid like that..  blehn I had a health final today and tommorow I have a history one :-P
@Jess1210 It is pathetic but I get angry too lol, like today on the radio 3oh!3 came on, however all the swear words bleeped out 
@glass_passenger: oh no. I know you were supposed to see your guy today, right? 
I give up tweeting from my bb today... can't spell anything right and that annoys me 
kinda bummed today.  and feeling slightly up in the air about certain things,  i just need  a nice boy  xx
so cleaned house today and i feel like a maid  thats all i do!!  im sleepy.
@nerdydork LOL! the thing that sucks for me is that I almost got my nose pierced today but I couldn't since i'm not 16 
I spent too much cash at harvey nichols today 
exhausted and a little disappointed that the campers were so crabby and whiny today. 
cant workout today... very upset... feel like i'm huge... not good 
My tummy's bothering me today.  
@mattstevensloop sorry to hear it fella  bloody hell kids today.... *sticks on his old man cap*
@stephsteph013 yay welcome back! heheh I fell asleep today, took a 6 hour nap that never happens so i dunno whats up with that. no kenny? 
Is not going to mention what she found out today because she shouldn't even give a gosh darn. She still feels down about it, though. 
@applenutbutter oh man,  my mom is going to call them today apparently.
waking up and reading that @metrostation put out tour dates today was the best thing however none are in california minus the miley dates 
visited williams and amherst today and got really rained on. it's awkward being the only rising junior and my dad is really embarrassing. 
Little one got her first bike today! The sad news is, it's too hot right now for the girls to go outside and ride together. 
lonely day today...but thats ok..ok no it isnt. 
got sick today wich is not very fun 
waiting for the train. It is so foggy today, ew 
What's up?? I'm havin a lil bit of a bad day today, hope it gets better! 
@CiaraMcGeehan yea heard that today  i'm so xcited haha but duno wer they wud fly into 
i had a silly row with my bf earlier today and i said things i didn't mean 
my twittascope is crap today 
my dad scratched me with a fork today.    and yes, he left a mark.
http://twitpic.com/7hz08 - thinking to myself..... &quot;i need to TrY &amp;&amp; make today somewhat PRoDuCTiVe&quot;  ughhh i hate being sick!
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/7fdyd - you kinda broke my heart today 
i had curly hair today.      and a big spot on my chin  http://tinyurl.com/l3e8zz
just hangin around the house today... super bored and nobody is doing anything... stupid mondays 
@likegallows well the bad parts aren't in my system anymore so it shouldn't matter  i even avoided finishing off the cider today
im so sad i had this dance audition today but i didnt get it! 
sad today  dont ask ;)
i HATE history . .  so depressing    tori cant make central today *tear*
forgot to buy the hula hoop today 
eh i miss my sexC love!&lt;3 didnt even get a kiss today. Only got to hang wit him for like an hour n a half 
I need massive prayers/hugs/good wishes. supposed to see sis and her kidlet tomorrow and I have a raging fever today for no reason. 
heard from one of my bestest today and I miss her sooooo much iy brought tears to my eyes 
feel so tired today  i just want to sleep so much time and get up 4party time again!!yeeeeap...bless u twitters see u later
foxtel man coming today to fix our foxtel obviously. just finished reading the harry potter series. here comes the depression 
@ShanaPrince you know I am ... you crossed my mind today ... it's cool here again ... had 85! ... now it's dropping   wink!
@uladee hahaha no, but i'm working from home today trying to catch up on an absolute ton of typing   
@ebradlee10 oh snap I missed that today  - I even heard the teaser - i'm sure it was entertaining
forgot my ipod today, no musics for me. 
Why is nothing good on random wiki today..  http://myloc.me/3Y9V
Barbqued today it was great sorry mrlovelife but I knew u was not gonna drive out here LOL to bad u got skool we swimmin tomorrow 
@potentiate My wife told me about the green avatars yesterday, but I didn't get around to doing something about it until today. 
 today sucks
dress like shit today. 
can't get the jonas album today at midnight 
hurt my sholder saturday. no work out today 
i tried to buy white chocolate raspberry bullets today but i was 5cents short and the stupid asian lady wouldnt let me have them 
saw pigs get slaughtered today  so glad im a veghead.
Really thinking about waterproof headphones and waterproof ipod stuff. No swim today since its all cloudy. 
My ipod broke today... 
@oh_its_kt  u know how u said u wanted to come over today my mom said not today  maybe another day btw plz come to the bike ride plz plz
@tinkrenee I hope everything is ok  I love you and so does everyone in that house even if they are showing it in odd ways today
today made me sad.  brandon tam is a meanie, finals suck, and it's just basically one of those days.
man..today kinda sucks... 
also, i feel like there are no fun twitter trends today. boo for that!! 
My feet hurt, i'm sick, and I want to go home. I only wish I drove today instead of take the effing muni 
missed out on alot today 
@bugonitsback we got a scolding email from C for using ours.  today sucks.
wish today was already friday! 
today was ok.... next week tuesday is gonna be terrible 
@sammays No worries - thanks for trying - flash/linux killed tinychat today 
ow, i'm very sore today  time for a hot bath
@fashi0nistadyva still stuck in brooklyn  ...swag &amp;+ white girl should cut cake together today (hopefully I get him today)
@jordanknight my son erased all me pics today 
watching a movie &amp; sleeping. off tomorrow &amp; wednesday. ofcourse i couldnt be off today for the parade  oh well..
@chrischambers_ my phone kept deleting everything today/tonight. i'm ready to throw it out the window! So i didn't even know you called 
shit its cold today 
today just sucked ass 
Just talked to my dad - my cat had to be put to sleep today. 
I'm a bit of a snuffleupagus today, a couple sneezes, crappy nose  ruh roh
Wow i had a really bad day today...super sucky  sigh...i guess ill clean my room then
I dont know if what i'm wearing makes me look boyish.  windy today - http://tweet.sg
took some fiber...twice today really thought it was going to happen but no shit for me 
xbox live down today  , lookin for other forms of entertainment
@msmcporkchop oh man! i wouldv'e cried 10 times today too! sending get better kisses to your toe!! 
cant wait for the new jonas brothers cd! too ba it doesn't come out today  i am sick too so i need something to do while i am sick
@shanedawson today was my bday but everyone forgot 
@Barbiiieee At the chomp; where I practically live.  People suck. But I managed to make a pretty dec. haul today. 
my ihome died today. im SO sad. I've had it throughout college.. 
kinda bored, a little....today was ok i guess, tomorrow will be better because i have dance...havent had in about two weeks 
shower then sleep. i tweeted a lot today. sorry 
is taaayyyuurrd. i dont wanna got training today 
I'd like to actually sleep through the night, please. Tooooo tired to face the world today but no choice in the matter. 
Apologies to @horuskol @amykate @tristancameron and all who tried @bing_bot, it seems its auto memcache flush played havoc today 
i'm hungry!!! :| whr do i go for lunch today??? 
So my eyes are even more swollen today, will have to go out looking like a freak   
...arrve today.And now she's unreachable.Goodthing I dint give her downpayment.but sucks,I was extremely excited for my shoes 
should really start updating my twitter more often no wonder no one follows me! today stu has a meeting about redundancies at work 
is curled up in a ball! feel soo sicckkkkk  why today? On my leavers day!!! boohooo. 
dang, i did close to nothing today. this sucks 
nooooo LVATT isn't out today!!! its coming out on friday  cry cry cry!
easy 40k on beach rd today ahead of zone cross country tommorrow 
@Jonasbrothers I'm upset. I went to get the album today but where I live none of the shops get it in until friday 
dreading hospital with little babe today 
morning twits! in work  booo! how is everyone today? &lt;3
oh no  More begging for money today. Why why why why why?!?!?!?!?!?!?
*sigh* I don't wanna go to work today.. 
i thought i was happy today but i just walked into a box and i think ive broken my toe so im sad now  ahahha.
my away shirt best come today. i want it 
but aparently shes goin to her dads today......which means i won't see her before i go away.....it'll be ages 
is worried about the hospital today  hope everything is ok xxxxx
random qoute : i need chocolate i only ate 1 kitkat bar today waaaa   jks
And yes..! i am sick today 
why am i such a chatter box today? sorry everyone 
Stomach ache today, stupid dodgy tum 
not going into shop today. still feel crap 
i came online too late today omg  boohoooo
Again I'm gonna watch bolt the movie I didn't see it yesterday I changed the plan lol I wake up late today 
biology and geometry finals today... ohhhh god. 
regret cycling 25 miles yesterday just to lose some more weight, bugger it hurts today  . On the bright side i lost another pound  xoxo
gotta take my mac to the apple store today &amp; get it fixed. 
no early finish today  suns out as usual *sigh*
@CameronParker  - I did. back still hurts, tho. So much for golf today. 
is irritated because of the crappy download speed in the office today 
@strybe Can I please borrow some inspiration please.  Not done ant of it today 
im not feeling good today 
oh no xbox live is going to be down today 
sold wrx sti today  sad as..... now waiting on the evo 10 to arrive yeah!!!!
really doesn't need to be in college today  oh well...
Ugh...didn't think I could feel worse, but I do, so much to accomplish today, with fever, chills, aches and no voice 
@liz_dicko hahah i wish.. we could have today.. but nicholas graced us with his presence, so no 
dont feel 100 percent today but still gonna go to class, hopefully if i feel worse i'll be able to see a doctor 
another day if studyingg.. mathh. kill me knoww       today im just doing all kinds of problemsss. yuppyyy........... NOT
bah, running gave me a stitch today so had to reduce to measly speed  will breathe better tmr!
i flying home from bangkok today... sad 
My dad bought a new air-cond for his room today. hey, when is he going to change mine 
xbox live is down today, what in the hell will i do now 
blah. still feel shitty over what happened today  but thank you for singing that song again for me.
feels icky today.  #fb
just got back from gca boorriinngg but yeah got to do geometry sometime today like soon 
@MSUSteve @ZeroDoom but xbox live is down today  so no co-op me thinks
I have to do a ginormous column today  but I don't wanna...
hates that it is cold and raining again today 
what the actual hell, i'm still ill  ffs. rehearsal was good today!
I see that there is a new sex invader thingy in town - been hit twice by the sleezebag today so far 
buying LVATT tmrw!!YAAY!went to borders and gramophone today.both never sell 
has to go to the effin orthodontist today 
@ktbreezie does that come out today? I'll have to check it out. I'll prob sample the songs on itunes. Cpu in the shop so I have 2 wait. 
well i start my job today!!  going watch tv then getting ready then work (
@Teradawn omg I hope it doesn't get that bad, hubby goes back to work today! 
sitting in the office again today  but i get to see bucky covington and randy houser thursday!! i just can't get enough country music!!
Wishing he was here...  I'm really sad today.. and I missss himm soooooo much.. I want him to come home right now, damnit...
Really don't feel like workin today. I don't feel well 
Feeling a bit bummed and worthless today. 
so yesterday's fitness boot camp kicked my ass. today i can barely move. ouch! and i still can't find my running shoes. 
grrr. I was supposed to sleep in today. fckn joey just called and woke me up. 
I'm at work...yea it's boring today ; gotta paint a wall today. -sigh- poor me 
didn't go to class today. gotta do my research paper and hand it in tomorrow. huhu.  http://plurk.com/p/11em0q
i think my mommy stood me up today...i'm not a happy beacher 
@RaDiORaheeM023  so does that mean ur not comin in to work today 
Dining out for kids in a bit.  I swore I was going to eat in today, too.  
missn my babi  might just make tht drive to duluth today to see him [after I leave the gym anyway]
pfft... so much for booking my tattoos today :/  have to wait till next week now 
Thanks ladies! I just wish hubby didn't have to go to work today  one of the gaybors is coming to sit with me, thank god!
nott too good today i nearly fainted  and my dad hass a goo :/ what a toser
is annoyed about hwat happened today with sophie but maybe it is just for the best you never know it might be fate or destiny i dont know 
I don't wanna hear anything today - I feel sick.... 
you gotta love the L.A traffic, theres 6 accidents on the freeway today, redic 
bah. I hope I can go to the show today 
@mattcutts Just made the internets a little sadder today: http://bit.ly/QMg85  
@r2hyper nope  looks like its just spongebob! &amp; I today 
got a doctors app. today  hope i dont hav to get a shot errr
sick today  thank god for theraflu.
http://bit.ly/OzEzO via @addthis A homeless man in today's society  sad 
More dentist stuff today 
off to lunch with the girls...my grandson suppose to come in again today, i was told he's coming in too often  i think it's true tho 
@shortyproper why didn't u tell me it's going to rain today I left my umbrella in the crib 
@celine87 i woke up with  a stomachache today  it won't go away
organic chem quiz today! wish me luck 
*whimpers* Evee is getting fixed and micro-chipped today   my babyyy *cries*
@christay0102 did not do very well on the nags today not a sausage.. 
I'm bored as hell there is really nothing to do today 
good afternoon, everyone. i'm not completely suicidal today. but still, i feel like crap. 
ok no burger today  maybe friday then 
okay so i might go to urgent care today.. im scared! i want to cry 
our lovely bmw was sold today  but there is one good side of it. We get a mini cooper 
today sucks....because xbox live is down 
its sooo cold here..  .. im so tired today, i hate tests.
got hit by a bloody rounders ball today i better not get a lump on my cheek 
@BathingApeBuzz word I was gon go today but I don't feel good 
@fu_imnAtt n to think I jus unprivated mine yesterday due to peer pressure I hope I dun hav no crazies lik that following me 
hmm...i just listen music...today it`s very boring,the weather is miserable,so i can`t go out...and my friends have no time 
 my jb cd didnt come today. :'(
theres nothing interesting going on today 
Didnt get my injection today because of my allergic reaction phew.. just wish my allergic reaction would go away .. 
I must have woke up on the wrong side of the bed... hopefully today gets better 
Oh, I am looking forward to yoga tonight. Clavicles and hips hurt worse today than usual. I'm such an old lady 
stormin again... no walkin today... 
left the dogs i'm sitting for outside today.  sorry dixie and sadie ... 
@drwhogurl hey! no tengo credit, tried calling you from school today  no cred sucks :/ . but in reply to your text, PICTURE NOW!!  &lt;33
got no scol today yay! sad that i just locked myself out of my house tho. 
today the seniors graduate, cantt goo.  imma misss theemm! buttt JONASS TODAYYYYY!&lt;3333
today mosavi's supporters marched in valiasr st holding candles, in silence. they were attacked afterwards  #iranelection
today mosavi's supporters marched in valiasr st holding candles, in silence. they were attacked afterwards  #iranelection (via @Mirriaam)
Enjoying the beautiful view at my bf's house. I feel a lil guilty today,haven't studied as  much. Exams in 2 weeks!! 
rt: today mosavi's supporters marched in valiasr st holding candles, in silence. they were attacked afterwards  #iranelection
@nicknumberone hey puta can u return left 4 dead today plz? cuz otherwise i get late fees 
@Janetrigs you missed the best chat ever today... sorry 
I'm a fucking doofus today 
@kiltweaver yeah, but I opened it several times today, and it's only done that 
no phonecall today, does this mean i didnt win? 
I feel like I want to cry. I was totally expecting for my tech guy to fix my PC today. No suck luck, maybe tomorrow. 
Not feeling well today. Extremely tired, no appetite, just generally feeling crappy 
Seeing as it's 6:15 and we just sat down to dinner, yeah, no gym today :-p 
wow major spammer won the #trackle iphone today 
is in pain and at wrk....ugh today sucks 
really tired today i want to sleep but i like my internet nearby it wnt work in my room anymore 
Diet starts today. It is 7am and already craving for a good old cendol. 
Our emails went down today  so if you tried to hit me up today try the gmail which is my twitter handle + @gmail
i went in to see parsley today &amp; he really didnt look well, ill be sad when he dies  poor ickle rat.
I hate when my sisters insist I'm going to change or like something I hate. today sucks 
hated-tuesday!!!! 3 things that I hated today 
mom will stay at home today. she must be forbid  me to go anywhere today. oh please mom.. 
@mandapetes didn't go so well today? ...i couldn't stop laughing at robin's shorts. poor kid 
@DaRealsebastian ohhh is that why you have been so silent towards to me today?  I guess I have to find a replacement lover..
in francais, we have a sub today..problem is she actaully does speak french 
my phone is deciding to be really lame and wont get reception for the internet  not alot of twittering for today.. LAMEE!!
nothing green to wear  going to wear white instead, no clouds today, sooo hot.
@NanieSanchez lo siento mama. I'm in the two door today 
@kirstiealley: today I have my sad-day, need someone to make me a little bit happier.. 
shit hapens...but today lots of happend in my life! 
@WOAHAmber I am sorry im down today too  feel better!
@TomboyTigress lol yup  I told you I had a large list looming today  bastard lists!!!
i just woke up from a nap. and i feel like shit for spending over $20 today. 
thinks today is whack like crack  .... today equals fail, epic....
uuugg!! I feel like crap today.. One of my dogs just died. I'm sooo saad!  We will miss you buddy!! T_T
went to oakridge today, after that was costco. i spent too much money today but oh well  at least i got jj and some yummy pasta!
my little girls best friend moved away today..she had not stopped crying..feel so bad for her 
@sandysays oh wow!  We haven't had any problems this season until today.   Stinks to lose a perfectly good tomato!
nothing interesting on twitter today 
oh my gosh what a day today such a procedure to get to the youth meeting tonight haha...I cried 
everything is so quiet and...lonely...on twitter today 
@mmitchelldaviss they shoulda sent you a message that its down today for 24 hrs. on my birthday  crap
Computer Got a really bad virus, was gunna do a video today 
For some reason my hand hurts worse than ever today 
My 21 yr old cat died today.  
my body isz in PAiN.  everytime ii move it hurtsz.. the down side of today..
night! no sailor jerry today  but i got a bank account so ill get it soon
i only walked 2 miles today  i was just too tired to do that last mile.. oh well, i'll just have to catch up tomorrow..
hopefully i'll get some videos up.. i recorded 4 today, but idk what happened to them.. 
@NURULNEEA he left for tioman today morning. So sad lah.  sure dear, I still dunno whether I want to put the words. Comtemplating!
I gotta go to bed. I can't believe I am still up and nothing accomplished today. 
today felt like a weird flashback... and this week im going to the cemetery because i feel bad never going to see my families graves 
was supposed to get my license today, but im not. 
@Thandis goodnite ma, my twitter game was weak today so we were twit tagging 
again Idlies today morning. aargh. 
I literally hate math more than anything.. Looks like I shouldn't have gone shopping today. 
I wanna try kickboxing to get my anger and stress out because i broke a door today  but i didn't mean to i swear
A sudden stomach upheavl equals no nosh today whtsoevah..so just beginning to feel reeeely hungry... 
Fucking cat keeps drinking from my glass! Not in the mood for this shit today!!!!  
saw the chubbiest most adorable puppy today at the store today. i wish my momma let me bring it home with me 
goodness i fall asleep immediately again..i need a lot of coffee today  how I can keep myself fit in the office ??
For everyone tweeting to me asking about the iphone update it wont come out untill 10 am today 
For some reason I don't have any mood to tweet today  #fb
trying to get git working for all the app today was the only thing to show for.. 
@Chubbx pissing down here today 
@karluvmost 470kr was lacking from today's cash, boss furious 
today went from being awesome to terrifying to veryy sad 
after today,im starting to miss living the dream 
ok so class was so interesting today! I did not want it to end  boo!
stressed...I'm so tired today..cannot get anything done tonight 
sad. little freddy kruger got put down today. 
I got my very first /. mod points today! Five of them. They were gone in a minute  #slashdot #geekpride #moremoremore
@kylaano yeaps! today actually. i didn't spot ya' though 
@carlacharisse yesss.i love to have many siblings.but i only have 3  . #ZeroGravity debuted on another radio station today. wutt!! haha
@BeckyKingston yeah, but what time today ??!!  
just got busted from mum :S i got my ipod taken off me today first time i ever did anything terribly bad 
pass was sooo sooo crap today omg 
oh gosh working was so hard yesterday  damn! today i go shooopping  ah
oh dears, we ahd all planned to go to the beach today... its raining 
Is feeling narky today. @DSushee wakes me up 90 minutes early, startbucks have no white mocha &amp; nothing on the ipod i want to listen to 
Gudaftrnon tweeps!! late entry to twitter today..tweetdeck givin me trouble 
I can hardly express my joy at doing the same thing 80 times today. No really. 
today was pretty good. had some amazing illinois tenderloin...but our ghost hunt got rained out  goodnight
im feeling a little sad today 
@tommcfly hey tom, glad to hear you are having fun. i found out some bad news today..my sisters puppy died  xo
I'm texting his dad and it is so awkward? mom didn't cook anything today &amp; swimming plans is cancelled 
hmmm not reli feeling good today.. don't know.. maybe i miss home 
my god its dismal outside....guess its appropriate for today 
Everyones out to get me today 
i feel like crap today 
dammit... had the spontaneous idea to go to the hair dresser today but It's more prudential to wait until next week...  *waitwait*
@kkozmic yeah, I did know that.  And it is such a pita today 
hello twittersphere, sleepy today 
owh wow quite tired today.. as ya'll know, i have a broken toe. it hurt-ed during marching!!! ouch now a bit toooh! 
@fartingpen what?? noooooo... beg, borrow or steal!! pls b @ bikes today 
yay @Bkmilly, i forgot u were comin in today. i thought i was gonna be alone so i asked if i can stay in the dungeon  maybe i can find a
@Teppotastic i cant type today lol @chemlak with not wish oh dear 
day off today chillin out watching phil and fern off to physio in a bit  
Feels really pissed off today! Whats new!!! 
I suck at sleeping in  oh well, at least it's nice out today
@GrantNash  Now I am sad... coz I can't listen to your show today!
Really feeling shitty today. I need some one to tell me its ok still.............. Why has it happened this way?  I want it like it was! 
@Misspopov went to mcdonalds yesterday but came away empty and had rice and chicken at home.  apple and water so far today
@tommcfly oh, i have a test at the college today. i discovered that yesterday. oh plz wish me luck, ill need it  
ugh i hate getting up early.... gotta study-udy-udy today 
gettin dressed! shopping n cinema tonight... feel really down today n lots on my mind 
 hey u guys r on....im going to canada today...for an unhappy reason...
JUST woke up . . to job interview today. this is going to be a busy day plus im already sleepy 
Yay lakers parade today ..unfortunately ima be unable too attend 
ooohh its really windy today 
Still awake  praying for my uncle rudy who has surgery today.
brain is in a bajillion places today 
don't reallly feel like goin to work today 
@charise sorry to say- no coffee for me again today- have to be satisfied w/tea  .  By the way, your site looks gr8!
ugh. mouth is sore today. still need work done on my tooth but its a start. back hurts too. blah. kinda crabby today 
gots to go take a shower... ortho appointment today  It hurts.
goin to the doctors today...checkin for an ear infection 
sleepy head...don't wanna work today  #bsb
dance today oh snap! rember to check me out on blogtv tonight. twitters not working on my phone 
is feeling really good today but is wondering what is going to happen to bring it all crashing down again....ive got an idea.....   
its my birthday today! And because i had to take friday off to go to vegas i cant use my free disneyland admission today 
today is registration at dade...and theres way too many people doing what they're doing...the website is down. 
@Schofe will have to put it on my itouch.....just think a week ago today....haha. I need a huge hug, dealing with a depressed sister 
@DJSTUPAC I posted, I'm tired today  And my back is killing me so take some pity yo lol
finding any excuse not to do the ironing, can't say its too hot today! 
so im guessing i work a full 8 today.............fun 
I went to funeral today... my grandfather died  but I will be ok ;)
@emmyxoxo oh grand!! you? no.... i think ill start today... i hate packing though! 
I def still need to be taking an antihistamine.  didn't take it last night.  feel like crap today.  
got home from science regions didnt see my bf at all today 
got my cervical cancer jab today, ow 
@metro_life lol.. yesss.. and today 'du bist kranke'..  aww.. hope u get well soon!
Test/quiz thingy today in health. 
oh no! feedburner tells me I lost a subscriber yesterday. Each one of my 28 subscribers is important to me. 
i'm moving out of columbia, mo today... going home indefinately 
*sigh* I'm having to future endeavor my favorite pair of lashes today  You were good to me #34 but I must bid you farewell...
I feel terrible for dropping my little man off at the vet to get fixed today. He's gonna hate me 
It's been a long time since I had dinner with j j, so I had plans with him today , but mom called tabene O itold her I can't akhaf tz3l 
looks like im not going anywhere today so far  staying at home days suck.
I'm departing from new york today!  it's so depressing! I wanna stay! I love it so much!
Oh f***, 30 min. delayed at least. So I definitely will miss my daughter today 
fell bit yucky today me chest is bit wezzey  tuc me inhaler did nothing 
Could of got my #xbox360 today but my dad was sleeping 
@DeusXMachina lets just say an ex and ex boss are hh'ing today- frightening! and thats just the tip of the iceberg! 
do i really want to work today?? noooooooooooooooo  dear outside, get pretty. love, alex.
It's a curly hair day today... I must say i'm not lovin it so much.  maybe it's because i got ready in a hurry and there's a lil bit o ...
Graduation today  and i lost my phone!! so sad!  but i got a new one soo &lt;3
@JosephTheGreat im ever so grump today ** holds hand oout for money**  
laker victory celebration baby!!! too bad iam heading to the office today! 
@izsy_xox was racing 200m sprint today at athletics and was burning it like 70m in front and last 10m my muscles pulled 
morning everyone! def don't wanna work today  doc appt first though then work til four!
@allison__ AH! i got yours! it hasn't been sending me any since yesterday 
Just waking up feeling a litle sick today. my little one has been kicking my butt lately. I'm gonna try baby yoga today. gained 14lbs 
I wish i was at the lakers parade today  #lakers
Still sick  think I will go into drexel today anyway.  This has gone on too long.
Giving up on hope for the new iphone!!  #squarespace hopefully today finally.. just maybe!
No show for Enkeli today...she is coming down with the flu  ....c ya next time 
ok off to pick up G-luv...hoping today I don't walk in to school to have him crying on the floor. That breaks my heart into pieces!!!!!! 
wooooh i got nothin to do today BUT study    agh whellll.
@em06092 good lord you will make their ears bleed. And is it really today? I kinda wanted to audition... 
@permeister yeah I know, totally sucking at bowling today 
@love_yourself nope nope i will not be working today not in a box and not with u (a fox) 
Nearly a week without internet, thanks 4 that talktalk &gt;  will blog 2moro my head hurts today urgh 
Also, I lost my awesome bridge keychain sometime today. 
@iawa i got a letter from O2 exec team today - they're sticking to their guns &amp; not allowing free upgrades if u're still in contract blah 
working and then mowing my grass today wow i feel like a slave.. I need a man. its effin hot outside too!! 
taking care of my good friend jessica she is sick  she's going crazy she not allowed to leave this room today!
@websiteowner aww yeh that is a bit frustrating!. no pics today then! 
@sequinedswan Not true? What?! I mean, it did sound odd, but... really? How disappointing?  How you feeling today, hon? *hugs*
really freaking out today. dont know why  and really wish i wasn't. why does the real world have to suck this bad? i dont want to leave 
feeling sorry for my boyfriend who is in iphone tech support today.  poor fella. 
fuck oprah is sad today 
@dateoftime yeah its only for girls today tho 
I didn't know whether to sey thank you or not.. But I said hope you have a great day! LOL.. Wow; my smile is notttt the business today 
Wishes she stayed in bed  today sucks already.
nobody wants ice cream on a crappy day like today. so whyyy am i still working!?  lol
 so i had sushi with my best friend today from sushi-q, man that was some of the best sushi iv ever had in my life! what did you do today?
my bestie left me today for south carolina...sad day 
@veronicasmusic I wish I could be at the dallas show today, but like always no ride. 
Everyone is on standby due to weather  guess we are all going back late today..
None of us won an iPhone today  *blink, blink*  Which means we enter for tomorrow! #squarespace
my jeans come today bt they shit  might just end up buying the primark ones againi shoulda got my blazer today!
damn I'm sucking today at these contracts questions   If they weren't so inanely stupid and unrealistic maybe I would do better!
I shouldn't of stayed extra today.  damn money
@sista_christaa NO  i didnt kno til today...fuck ahah
@mrsblaylock @PapaStompy I feel ok. No needles today - hooray! But I have to go back 
@jaaaydee  rofl.i agree it's boring (y) i'm going on the train today ;) I'm so sad that i'm going to have to fight bumblebee in my game 
sucks to be me today 
today was super funn :] and i had no idea the mall could be so funn without buying anything... and patrick dropped me on my head. 
@kc_nathan1 I think ALlLof my boys have forgotten about their fav #babelaert today! 
wishin i would have remembered to go get madea goes to jail today.  oh well..
im about to leave in a few wish me luck tomorrow, today was an awkward day in to many ways  byeee
@Bighit15 Thanks but not really! I can't kick this thing...had another chest xray today and its stlll yucky!  whatcha up to?
last day off tafe today  had to do my speech =/ gaaah hate speeches. but I'm gonna miss tafe 
dang it's hot out today 
feeling let down by obama today 
grrrr book I wanted to go and buy today no longer listed on bookshop website   25 mins until inspection
@kakandyce hmm thts true I'm sorry  I was thinking about it today and I got excited haha one day you will come (: and well party(:
@madamecupcake: yeah i got it  i cried and cried  .. i haven't replied yet but i'm going to at some stage today
Ahhh ive been sooooo itchy today... And while i hate to say it, i think i might know the cause... damn allergies  
@johnnnaa not really , . i got some to hah! moms got some today and im thinking that was the surprise , i really hope it wasn't . 
@rclove4u i havent smoked at all today...  kinda sad
@bigsara we need your slo pitch expertise for the big game! I flew today thru a buncha tornadoes. Wheeeee! 
windy day in pattaya thailand... today i am feeling bad, eat something worng yesterday.. couldnt go to a show in the morning..  
@ram8727 but musclenerd said soon after apple release their firmware  .... I am sure it's not today atleast...
I HATE insomnia I never can get to sleep grrrr.... felt like crap today and hoping I feel better tomorrow  it makes me sad to be sick
is feeling kinda down today 
today i woke up and realised i hate my hair  sigh.
already late today...i have 30 min to do shit that takes me a hour!  
@KoffeeMug no .. I WISSSHHHHH.  whats doing today with u?
today is so hot pals ! and nothing i can do 
out of the 107 tweets that i didn't check today, NONE of them mentioned/replied to me 
@BridalGlam yah, not 100%  i slept at 1 and woke up at 1 today... something not right...
@iamJaymes bb  you at college or work today?
@alyshanett wish i didn't oversleep today so i could have gotten my hurr did   when can we make this happen?
saying goodbye is sad  in other news. molly peed her pants today...all over the carpet. it was glorious.
@tyrannosarahrex , guess who's birthday is today 
last latin lesson today... kinda sad isn't it?  well it's warm outside so i'm happy ;)
slept all day  now ozzie mad at me.... wasnt enuff adam hates me now ozzie does too.... cant win.. didnt feel good today
i badly need to go to island ..... 2 cuzin went today.. my bro is already there and one cuzin will go by dayafter tomoro... 
went to bed. dozed off. woke up from panic attack from thinking about today. writing on livejournal to ease my mind so i can sleep  ugh!
Is super frustrated with computers today  fml.
cannot be arsed workin till 6 today boo! 
legs are sore today cant seem to get comfy 
rofl i look like such shit today 
@CaramelPearl  der norrr, blastings. I'll try and catch you online today though. And you did cross my mind, if that helps...
@HenrikeFHirsch Ough, that must have hurt! I'm noy allowed out od bed today  Just regular excercises and fysio
Probably a lovely day of nothing today, shame that sophie has to go to college  well, best load 4oD then... X
@danielgoh where are u walking abt, pop over to mobilealliance here for chat le... crowd #cmma09 quite bad today 
Off to work now not looking forward to it as i am with the brats today ah god 
@normaltusker cool.. I was wandering all over jodhpur today but could nt find a gift as spl as her..  @realin
@__cinnamon__ hey! haahaha school tomorrow thank god its frida i heea miss wetherall did the cat today  oh im sad i missed it haha
@__cinnamon__ hey! haahaha school tomorrow thank god its friday i missed miss wetherall do the cat today  oh im sad i missed it haha
Again dis power cut..today itz before time 
how did i manage to leave with only ONE phone today?!?!  what the heck am i supposed to do without my blackberry allllllllll day
@Mamalonglegs lol sounds like me today. Although lost my dyeing mojo now 
Looks likee I gotta wear a sweater today - high of 66 with rain.  Where is summer?? 
@ruthybabieee least you going- i started tracking today but him bringing me flix later!!! argh maybe start tomorrow. 
I am once again going to keep bugging my boss to give me work to do today... I am tired of staring at walls 
@joy_wong im really really sorry for bumping into you today 
is fucked up!!!! fucking lost my zippo today 
lol nearly got cheated by the old woman at the till today at the charity shop, i mean come on..30 p difference  x
i should be seeing andrew bird today 
Dammit!! Didnt wake up early enough to use my treadmill today!! So disappointed in myself 
@VeronicaEbie ur ready to leave?? i bet u miss femz  wht u doing today?? want to do dinner??souper salads?
almost got a new iKOG today... oh well... 
i really cant be arsed with going anywhere today but i have too  urghhh procrastination is a bitch !
@mindlesspursuit Sadly, if I remember the weathermap for today correctly, you guys are gonna get hammered again 
-gets bag ready for college- ... I haven't done anything today and I'm knackered 
@AlexCerball kinda miserable. Wish I didn't have to work today 
@your_queen not today! im real tired. about to pass out at any second 
Not getting my 2peas stuff today!!  buuuuu
Crohns sucks today 
@unfamus like me  and even worst the 5 trains messed up today smh
Still feelin' yuck again today. This could mean a trip to the dr 
today's turning out better than i planned.  except for this headache i've got goin on. 
is not a happy bunny today  iloveyouu@KookieLovesSk... xoxo
is not a happy bunny today    iloveyouu @KookieLovesSk, xoxo
was in bed most of yesterday morning, still not feeling good today, think i have a stomache bug or something. 
suppose to go to work at 1230 now its 1045? ugh!  looks like no beach for me today 
well just woke up. what will i do today oh thats right.....work 
daddy is having surgery today  im nervous for him
wish I could beach it up like everyone else today  working 2-close is going to suckkkkkk
Its hot as tits outside, no unicycling today 
I am super slugish today. I think I need to go back on my meds, but I have no insurance thanx to target 
No ninjadrops at disneyland today.  space mountain first
@ChrissyJanine i really did. yucky  sorry for saying that aloud, christa! how are you today?
It doesn't look like usa soccer is fairing well versus brazil today 
so sad, lost a follower today, guess I haven't reached the 100 mark after all 
some days python rocks and somedays c++ just rulezz , and today they both collectively decided to make my life harder  #fb
I wish i was @ disneyland today  only $33 &amp; mini laker parade if only i had my $500 from @1027kiisfm already i could of gone:/
woke up really crappy  hoping today is a better day.. kinda of worried about her little sister.. thats why i woke up crappy..
No belle of louisville today  boo. I wanted to take more pictures.
I really thought bout callin in sick today... Already miss my bed 
Feeling sick again today...oh how I love being a woman. 
MySpace lays off 30% of their staff today  http://www.techcrunch.com/2009/06/16/myspace-executes-30-staff-reduction-today/
@s4r4hk1ng nope not today unfortunately I had a soul destroying task to perform 
@kennyhyder oh man maybe I should drive your way, we are rocking the overcast today 
@streetanchor  i did, i missed all my buddies today. howz the anniv going ?
@ARodSantiago dude today is everyones friday except for me!!! 
i don't have anything to do today...bummer 
I feel so neglected... She didnt cut my sammich today... 
I'm not feeling so good today, I'm sick   ...  (not with the piggy flu, just to let you know hahaha)
Couldn't find my favorite watch today, had to wear something else.  #squarespace
sigh. forgot my headphones. no pandora in the coffee shop today. 
My 13 yr old is playing bass at school today, battle of the bands.  I can't go, seems as though it's not cool to have mom there 
Just got out of bed not really in a good mod today but is ok I'll try 
I have an orthodontist appointment today at 12:30.  my mouth already hurts. In need to remember to wear rubber bands. Lol.
@ZapAmna today is so boring with out ya lol all did was watched movies  very sad..
How the hell I am I going  to get to work today. It is pouring. 
I have a feeling that I won't be seeing a yankees game today... 
@RevaeMarie omg. absolutely. i'm struggling today. 
had a filling today - mateee proper scared of iwas.  thorpe park tomorow  x
@future86 @joelleandres @stefaniejbaum dont think I am coming today   bad times.
crap yestersay i dropped my phone in the pool it broke so today im off to get another one 
@DJSTUPAC I've been hard on u today papi, lo sieto  ill be nice
Someone told me today that I was a sexy mexican........ I'm el salvadorian 
@shedav we will have to go soon but not today  i have to help the fat bitch
@pattyransom im goin on holiday tonight  i tried to control it (if u get me) but its not worked! men are the enemy today! gggrrr!!!
Dammit! I can't do anything today  i have to babysit  sorry guys!
did nothing today, yucky day again   I look like crap,  the games not on tv , I'm sad
my chorus teacher is getting tested today to figure out if a mass in his stomach is cancerous. if you're religious, please pray for him. 
Maybe it's just my mood, but my pics are awful today. Nothing I'm doing seems to be helping. 
im not feeling too goood today 
sittin on the couch not feelin to well today...  
@kardboard what its raining today?  too lazy to get out of bed to check. I bet your dad bought yet another computer xD
boooored  cba playing wow today
today my mouth will suffer a murder. surrealistic.  damn it!
okie, i survived my 4 tests today :] yaay! today was my last day of form 2 tho 
I'm sorry I didn't update today.. I was kinda busy and now i'm very tired 
i am so angry at my own stupidity. i bought a hat today and left it on the bus 
feeling crappy today!yuk 
I dislike dumb programmers with big egos. I met their leader today 
i just had chinese today and yesterday and now felipes family wants chinese. WTF?!?!?! i just knew this was going to happen.  my luck lolz
today sucks  havent talked to dave all day. i really miss him. stupid work :/
no twit today!! do I have nothing to say??? thats bad  see tommo, may b I ll wake up :-P
no twit today!! do I have nothing to say.. thats bad    see tommo, may b I ll wake up :-P
no twit today!! do I have nothing to say.. thats bad     see u tommo, may b I ll wake up :-P
no twit today!! do I have nothing to say??? thats bad     see u tommo, may b I ll wake up :-P
ahh big bro's on like now. finished college today  sad cz it was friggin ace.
@punkawonk i honestly wouldnt mind. i just didnt want to be alone today! 
@YESNetwork whats the update on the yankee game today?! 
@iamdiddy  soooo tired,  not feeling the love today!  
@samjmoody my  friend  broke  a  special edtion  cd  today and  i cant  get it anywhere now  xx
my poor doggy is blind and has walked into walls at least a bazillion times today 
today is gunna be a looooooong ass day 
It's effin hot out today 
Dangit, I forgot to tweet #squarespace today. 
everyones at disneyland today! i should have gone 
Missed my gyno appt today. I keep in not going to schedule appts. I've lost faith in all docs. They can't/won't help me anyway. 
@KSwissInc they're half a size too small (tried them today) and i need them for a trip on monday, no one is answering at customer service 
I ain't gonna lie I only came here because I thought Transformers was out today! 
today i have soccer practice which really sucks  dont want to go because it feels like summer and all i want to do is watch tv and sleep
I would. I was standing on my trampoline yesterday just waiting and waiting for one to form but nope! Nothing 
today i realized i am a stalker. also the meaning of my nickname banana nutz 
going through kleenex like nobody's business. also, i totally blew my diet today. but i feel it's justified. 
@tontonn @bduenas remember when we were supposed to win the ppp premire tickets, haha. premiere is today 
I miss my boo.   buttt today starts my quest to be healthy ;)
Gahhhh my parents will not let me out of the house today.. they say i gotta study till its over 
oh..  wat u do today.. sigh  summer gets so boring..
I can't see a bleeping thing today  
sorry kids, im just not into it today 
@only1tmac32 lol love money been good getting sick tho again  and i went swimming today got a weird bikini top tan today its no bueno. lol
just sittin around the house..dont feel well today.. 
i finished my final art project today! how sad  i will never be a studnt there again..kinda wish i took advantage of it more than i did.
upset bc there are so many bad drivers out on the road today!! 
makes even the most exciting thing I might do today seem mundane 
@DeeTenorio @andrea_desherb i was a bit disappointed in today's players. normally i'm blown away. today's was slow &amp; they knew nothing 
&quot;If today was your last day, and tomorrow was too late, could you say goodbye to yesterday?&quot;... nah, still can't 
today i thinkl that the love is a lie 
guess what i'm shafted again today 
@wonderdidi ok didi...will have it later today...forgot to keep the milk in stock again oh 
uhg today sucks 
laying down. got a bad sunburn today 
I'm actually kinda sleepy but not really haven't had a coke today  rock your bodyyy
@BellathePuggle yea. he went to the vet today and they said he's contagious. so sad 
looks like its stopped raining....at last! shame all the places I wanted to go today are now shut 
scratchscratchscratch....meh.....lots of gnats on the trail today.  
still having a problem logging in....grrrr No CT's today though for a change....hope they get my account fixed. 
ps. i'm upset because i was going to watch ellen today (i remembered for once this summer) but golf was on instead. 
I'm the only one in the office today  and I'm feeling kinda lonely. Is anyone selling hugs today?
pasta yummi had fun golfing with my dad! even tho he cussed me out for not being serious today 
idk where my swagga went today  it's just been terrible so far gah!
@mellyford I was in sac today and didn't know you were there  woulda been worth skipping work, maybe....
loveddd kings island today but im exhausteddddd and have to work 11:30-5 tomorrow 
@michaelatherese oh no you too? I started today 
The only ones missing from la familia today are @ditabobita and @jameshadisurjo  safe trip, guys!
played badly at allen league today. 
Not feeling ok today.....something is wrong with my stomach 
Wish I could afford today's @woot. 
I don't think I got much done at all today...except a lot of driving and sitting at the guiltar store...sigh 
doesn't get today's xkcd    http://xkcd.com/599/
@tisonfire what r u 12? wait, i did try to make my mom buy me transformers cereal today, she didn't. sad dude, sad 
and I'm awake. going to be a little sad saying goodbye to everyone today 
today was tireding.. im overly sleepy so prolly wont be able to sleep 
Piriteze I'd really love you to kick in already my hayfever is kicking my ass today 
is sad that today he has to say good bye to his crazy gay but very faithful dog 
Ugh. So tired but i dont want to go to bed have funeral stuff all day tomorow, well today... Anyways it will be sad. 
last day at college today  sad times LOL http://tinyurl.com/mr2b57
hello planet- how will I function today without any sleep? poorly I  imagine.   
Listening to &quot;When the levee breaks&quot; and hoping that the rest of today is better than it's been so far. 
All shootings and plans canceled for today. *grrr* Too many non-scheduled happenings... what a crap!!! 
@naut I got mine today as well, not as big as yours but 17k non the less 
Ah - not a day off after all .. I have just been reminded by a customer I need to make them a drum - whoops. So I am drum making today 
is very sad that an aboriginal man died of swine flu in adelaide today. close the gap, anyone?? 
has yellow hair. hah! blarrrggghhh i dont want to work today 
is not sure what 2 do today but knows she wants 2 spend it with ade but cant as he is working 
Running ever so late  i'm going to be killed by the older bro  anyone up brumtings today?xo
@linda360 yeppers - just today.    how are you today lovely - how was work? whatcha doing tonight?  i'm drinking, alone, at home.  I rock!
@TOUCHOFCLASSENT yeah we closed early like 12:30  I just started today. It was cool
@robin3000 wish I was in today 
i woke up feeeling crap with this cold   not going to do anything today cause im too sickk! 
@jojomad not even coffee helped my brainfade today   an annoying cold doesn't help.  still better than my partner and kids
loads of birthday presents arrived today... agh  can't open them yet.. dunno if we're taking them to america or not.
is leaving portsmouth forever today! 
twitter going crazy here... so won't be using it today  (except I manage to fix it - but I doubt it)
@TheLindsayLohan yeah thats what i feel like today it sucks 
@RyanneCruz yes fridays r awesome!! unfortunately I gotta go to musicschool today and I don't want to  I didnt really practise
Oh no, theres been a problem with the courier companies delivery trucks...Means I dont know what time the iphone will be delivered today 
Washing clothes. Hoping that the doc will call her in some meds today 
@MarcGarcia ordered today. earliest install is july 1st  still wooo ill be flying hi pretty soon! 
it looks like i'm not gonna get my chai latte today, after all 
omg what a surprise it looks like its going to ...rain again today.... 
Having bit of a crappy day today   Someone cheer me up?
is bored. dont know what to do today 
totally lacking in inspiration for a freelance brief today because I desperately want to get designing on my own stuff 
ahhhh! math regent today 
I think I may have overdone it today. Nauseas and feel like utter crap 
back to vet today for @missginger. didn't eat or drink yesterday.  mom's worried now. she'll let me give her h20 by hand dropper-style tho
Anyone out there to talk too..my bday today and now sad iz neally over 
wish i was getting a new iphone today.. sadly, i'm not 
@james__buckley hope getting your tatt hasn't been what got you ill today 
so when i watched phineas &amp; ferb today, mum gave me the weirdest look. she didn't like it 
im THAT not like me today, im not even listening to music. 
@Nkotbbarbie poor girl sorry you're day isn't starting well.. Why does it have to be so yucky out there today thunder &amp; lightning already 
huh....        i'm not lucky today...
@_CorruptedAngel working from home today, just leaving twit, sorry  dm me any news, especially more of your dreams *wink* oh no he didn't
Finds it wonderful that his vista ultimate install decided to completely choke  guess videos aren't going to be posted today
Is hoping his son is ok at his mates funeral today.  
sitting in the office again today  but i get to see bucky covington and randy houser thursday!! i just can't get enough country music!!
my hayfever soooo bad today 
@infiniterain cold? oi, it's friggin sticky here  i hope there'll be a thunderstorm later today. it looks like it though 
@brazenone stay away from that juice girl! and I feel horrible today 
The trailer is rockin in the wind already hope it doesnt tip over today 
@TheJenEffect hi mommas, you are probby seepies still. I have ton of errands to run today    what r u going 2 b doing
trying to resist the urge to go buy a new iphone today....i need to save my money for my austin trip over 4th of july...ahh sooo tempting 
Looks like im going to somones house today 
@abs1399  I hope today gets better for you.  *hugs* 
If I die before I wake, today I am okay with that. 
@kibbe Where you at today? I haven't heard anything from you all morning 
just got a text that the georgiq theatre burned down today. im heartbroken 
working for free today      im  going to try to get out on the water later.
is going to jersey today for joanies wedding. my bunny is missing, and im not wanted anymore. sweeettt. text 
is working on locally requested portraits today...and a little sick  http://bit.ly/52o2G
ergh maseera is ill  i hate being ill! today was shockingly crap!
woke up late, tired and pissy.. supposed to be hot as hell today 
not in the best mood today.... coping skillz = zero  http://plurk.com/p/128g1g
@tommcfly good show today! i would like to be there, but brazil is so far 
today was my day to get stuff done, instead i wanna go swimming cause it's finally pretty out 
Hopefully lots will get done today because my momma and daddy are leaving me tomorrow 
JEALOUS!  Of brianmhite ad all the others who received their iphone 3g s today.   fools
@AngeltownDesign thanks for that concerned good night message. feel exhausted today. 
I got a bad haircut today.  no fun.
@peterfacinelli hey peter, sorry to ask but have you spoken to rpattz today? i was wondering if he was ok bc he was almost run over  xxx
oh well, no shoes for me today  Cstore for lunch it is
i'm so pissed i can't go meet lauren conrad at the  mall today! 
@dollforlife and the vid is cheap xD today sarah (the girl i worked with)played this song and now i dont get it outa my head 
o.k. all the things i had to do today have been done. now i don't know what to do next - cuba cafe, rock'n'riga or pulkvedis... 
did not go for a gallopy today, really couldn't be asked if im honest with you :L i  have a bad cold  YAYYYY fair tomorrow!! 
got my hair cut today... unintentionally . i cried for ages man  gunna get it fixed tomorrow.
Wish I had off today, not really in the working frame of mind. I do have off tomorrow though. All this closing sux 
@candace_adams I've been sick the whole time.  started to feel better today though.
phone broken can't get any updates  today sucks!!! i don't want to talk to anyone i just want to lay in bed and listen to music.
@Mattdavelewis i gurantee you're amazing aswell, i wish i could've come to the premiere thing today but i wasnt allowed  please come t ...
Its beatiful out in brampton today, but they say its raining tommo for june 20  my birthday..
I'm sad today  idk why
ugggg hope my bb gets here today im missing him  and pammy wammy that abondened us....................
@joeymcintyre I've been tweeting you since you joined and found out today that you hadn't received any cos my account protected! 
Guess I gotta restore this damn of today 
weird mood today... prolly because marco went back to germany 
im rly sore today  it sucks
@troytaylor86 no I missed it  when i signed on today i saw you mention it...so i signed up with ustream to follow what you got going on.
okay... I'm starving now... probably because I haven't actually eaten anything today. 
[home] w/ the kids.uploadn pics &amp; dwnloadn music to my phone.sad I dnt get to see my bestest today 
oh what the hale  its starting to rain! no biking for me today...
Not feelin that good today...idk watz wrng wit me 
happy friday everyone.. man is it humid out here today 
ok note to self never try to knit while having a migraine, had to rip it all back today 
Man everyone is going to the beach today...except me 
its too dang boring to be a friday. why i aint got nothing to do today 
@hpnileyfan i gtg!! talk to u tmrw...or later depends probably won't be able to talk to @TeamShmiley today tho!! 
im sad today  i need a drink!!
waitin for bb eviction, had a good day today actually. saw the knightswood show, it was soo good. i wish i could dance professionally .. 
I've lost 3 followers today  hopefully they were just 'b*ts though! x
several times today gmail's auto complete has failed me 
all i ate today was some twix!   feeed feeed meeeee (weezy voice) lol
i'm kinda bummed it never rained today 
Is extremely pissed with some people. I also need to go on a jog today, but I don't wanna go outside.  
shoulda charged my mp3 player lastnight.. no more fun music for today 
at sarahs being bored.  got our new house today and not happy about it but trying to avid the subject.. oh well........ missing my friends
Ugh. I dont feel good at all today....I think I have caught the family sickness thats been going around the house 
darn it. saturday classes today and i'm running laaaate. 
Having a hard time taking pics today  http://sml.vg/F4b9tZ
@jenn13755 i didn't see your car today 
@AlexBananaz the only thing my boss said to me today was, &quot;yo leila, you keepin it real?&quot; haha sorry 
@Karamelb0dy I'm quite great today, just bored. I need a kick it buddy 
No iphone today  The phone gods did not favor me but no need to worry it will be mine...sooner or later.
havent tweeted much today  sad time, but feel the ol' heavy eyelids so goodnight to twitter for now me thinks xxx
#dontyouhate when a really good friend of yours moves away? happened to me today. 
I need a lot of thoughts today I lost my grandaddy this morning 
@dilaralovesjb haha i know right! arggg. &amp; nooo, i had to take 2 finals today :\ i made my teacher after put 4 on tv but i missed it  then
hmmm wonder if my plans will actually happen today? laying in bed 
ugh just woke up and mad cuz i didn't went out to the lake today!!! 
hehe funny movie very funny... much better today then yesterday  still kinda badd....
Morning twitterers! I hope you'll all have a chill out weekend, doing what you wanna do unlike me. I've been &quot;invited&quot; to work today. 
@baronvoncarson welcome to my life! im all angry today 
http://twitpic.com/7uu7y - my daisy love got beat up today 
just to let everyone know the real kpriv broke evyana12 heart today goodnit twitter 
just met demi lovato today! i feel so bad i cant go to her concert because i am leaving ma to do more filming 
@sweet_bee i'm so sorry i didn't come in today buddy! i couldn't  have fun in vegas for me!
@ComcastBill @comcastcares got a call today. still 1600 dollars  oh well verizon mifi isn't so bad. maybe someday it'll be priced better
reading. probably will be for awhile....god i cant stop thinking about today. sad hes leaving for the resr of summer.  what will i do?!?
@nickjonas unfortunately its not saturday...  BUT I CANT WAITTTT! i've been thinking about it all day today!!! ahh! cant wait to see you
wishing i could wear http://twitpic.com/7lv2y out today as they're incredibly comfy and warm but scared they'll get ruined 
Apparently the last bits of code for Occurro! will be written while I have the flu.  I'm pretty sure a truck must have run me over today. 
@luna81  I got chocolate yesterday. I'm not sure I get it today. Also, the lady at the store gave me the wrong ones.  
@yelyahwilliams haha you got exactly the same as me, i went docs today, badtimes innit  x
Oh no! lil bro got mugged today   http://www.clickondetroit.com/video/19805504/index.html
did a whole bunch of moving today then 2 day without interwebs  no wow or podcasts
one thing i hate about morning : i always wanna back to sleep again when i woke up  ughh.. i have to take my report today!!!
oh and damn all you people who could afford to buy a new iPhone today... I'll just creep along with my 2007 model... 
christian studies assignment today ahhhhh 
i wish i were dancing to american taxi right now, but i literally have not eaten any food today &amp; my stomach is &quot;lol no&quot;ing me 
@gley10 i miss you! i don't know when i'm gonna get my phone back. i made it even worse today. haha 
heyo ! we are about to leave to go shopping, again  but today is my last day here with nea !  but i'll see her asap back at finland !
I am gonna freak, lol. I've only sent TWO DMs today and I've hit my limit? That doesn't make any sense! 
yeah, he died today  it's all over the news. @breathejess
My grandpa passed away wendseday, the funeral was today, one of the hardest things if ever had to do. 
@ddlovato i'm super bummed i might have to miss your show in boston  got my tickets and everything but my cousin just died today  
strange happening today :s my friend had an accident  but he's fine now. 
wow i havvent bin tweeting much.. well today 5 perverted guys hit on me.. YAY! 
When I was little, I used to say I was gonna &quot;get in my car and run away&quot;.  That is how I have felt all day today.  
today totally made me miss high school..  but on a happier note..im going to see @ddlovato next week!!!!
@edenhig i wonder wuts up with the system yesterday i was getting them like super late and today im not getting them 
getting ready to go to sleep!!! im so tiered and tomorrow i have to go to this one party !!!!! oh i forgot to go to this one today 
omg so tired my feet are burning i barely updated today 
Getting ready to spend eight hours alone at work  heres my view for the rest of today  http://twitpic.com/7vn7g
@ksekher hey! yup sure has been... me working today 
@alphanix I felt like crap today I didn't even get out of bed 
upp , cant waitt till town today . wish i was at sherwood forest 
yay!! @peterfacinelli won!! lol...can't wait to see the video..i need a good laugh right now...today has been very hard 
@hartluck hey i cant make it today  are u doing any more shows in brissy (brisbane)?? or any more signings?? please say you are!!!!!!!
maths exam on monday... tv arrived today! awesome... the 'view dance was painful and killed me inside..  to young and in love to let u die
i am at skegness in my nannans caravan and im cuming home today 
im going to work today! tierd and tierd! 
@hollseey hey sorry I wasn't in msn today when I said I would be  I'll be on all day tomorrow tho.
@michaelmagical oh poor you that's horrible  it's been fairly nice here - not sure what today's going to bring though - hard to tell...
@irishfrtncookie haha thanks, i think this ones a keeper. blahblah i can't sleep lol i woke up at like 2 pm today 
working today  wall papering tomorrow .. oh will the fun ever stop
@athensky oh that sounds (super fun)  im sorry. i have been okay i went tanning yesterday and today so i have a good tann now 
my bum is burned from tanning today 
drove all over pike county today, including going over into virginia. i wish gas was still under $2 
@acjm sorry about lack of sleep again  and thanks for the fwding of mail it came today, but there may be another dvd to come, sorry! :F
is thinking that today may have gone down the shitter 
@raoul_luescher nar not today, dnf today strong side winds and flat legs after having a few days of sick dont work when its the gutter 
has got reallly bad allergies today, and cant find her nose stud and im going out in a few hours 
Off for coffee in a bit. I do not feel well at all  had to cancel plans tonight, I feel pretty lame, coding more orpheus today maybe.
dramanisia as harunhilton would call it was exactly that - full of drama. graduated on thursday. chillday today. everyone's leaving  [B!]
bet you $5 that game 2 get cancelled today too. 
i really hate myself today.. huhu 
i think i might be depressed.. like not just today, but like seriously depressed.. idk what to do 
just got up hahahah  i feel extremely ill again  but on a brighter note mum and dad bought me wall candy wallpaper today 
eh no riding today 
http://twitpic.com/7w3sc - feet updatewarning, this is gross). took plasters off and this is the way they look today  nowt but pain ...
@kstar10 Lol, you've been busy today then! I'm sorry I missed it.  You know how I love your naughty side...
woulda done anything to not have had to go to work today 
realllllly was hoping this outting would be canceled today, no such luck  working forever, blehhh
ooh &amp; i gots a sore scratch on my arm yesterday  so i put a mr bump plaster on it today  only cos it didnt go with my dress last night..
suchhh a crappy mood. today should have been fun, but it failed. 
im not doing anything today, last night knocked all the enrgy out of me, i feel so ill, my voice is going now  ..i want a shower x
Lacking organizational skills today. Preparing for convoys sucks 
idk what to wear today. help 
such a shame that I won't see @XDTamlyn-knows-who today  ... I'm such a girl *lol*
today sucks. it's raining. i wish i waas going to see @ifcmusic tonight 
today sucks, it's raining. i wish i was going to see @ifcmusic tonight 
today tuition gained nothing  - http://tweet.sg
My tummy feels no bueno today 
@Itxi_Itx i feel so delicate today, the wii hurts.,...  i like my photo though....
omg, i feel dead today 
tired. lonesome. i dont have any harry potter movies left to watch today 
so sad katie is leaving me to go to london today, boo hiss 
had to wake up early today... im so tired.. wish i can go back 2 sleep 
my hair is all flyaway and annoying today  need to wax/hairspray it to within an inch of its life tonight for workkkk. eeek 6pm = funtime!
fuck. i don't want to go to work today!! 
@MyCatCrash lol i work up at 745 freaking out, thought i had to be at the bank today.  realized i didnt, felt stupid got back in bed. lol
@collegiate84 n im sad n emotional for some reason today n i cant figure out y 
im kinda sad that she wont buy me any polos today 
@sammi_jade are you feeling as rough as i am today? (xoxo) had a great time yesterday hun! have a goodun today. tiny twitter is broken  xx
i must be the only idiot with no life on here today.  im lonely
feel like shit today 
Moving my mom to assisted living facility today.... sad about it but she needs it for her own safety.  
dyeing mill ends. hope to spin &amp; then ply. but must find fun things for the 3yo to do. hubby had to work a little today. 
woah prom was amazing! CQHS never forget you!  dont feel too good today 
@suzieqtwo I wish I was there but my sickness is preventing me from doing anything fun today.  I can't wait to hear about it!
Why jus Why does it have to rain today ughhhh this sucks 
I wasnt able to make it to the march today  but it's okay.....
Guess I won't be at any cookouts today 
@QueenM81 i got the couple of pics they ahd but i dont think there is any keane today!! 
hanging out with my son &amp; my mom and working on other people's wedding stuff while kyle works open-close ... today &amp; tomorrow. 
Hates not being able to be a bum today... It is very well deserved but not granted 
i need to get dressed  jeremy's going away party is today... i gotta get him something
I'm not ready for today. Today I have to say bye to my three closest friends here and I have no clue when I'll get to see them again. 
@alyyy  grr. btw what are you doing today?
Ugh, I feel like trash. Overslept, only to wake up to a passive-aggressive voicemail and bad allergies. No roadtrip today afterall. 
is missing the HatP show today  I'm a super sad bear...
is sad that im not going to new kids today  No one to go with me
doing my nails, getting ready and going out. i wish my bf didn't have to work today  so sad
So the movies are a bust cause I can't fix this damn hair. I guess I will be chilling indoors today.  We'll hit the movies tomorrow.
my auntie has thee best spaghetti! toobad i was beinq nice and shared with @DjSaucyP and he only left me a little bit to eat today 
thinks he should be out on his boat not traveling today  #fb
woke up in an aggrevated mood today .. showering &amp; getting ready then work later on 7cls .. everyone have fun tonight w.o me ....... 
miss them.  had so much fun at six flags with sbh!!! jb concert today in dallas this is going to be big!!! tabtiha call me!!!
@bifflawson i had plans today but i guess deh r cancelled so im stuck at home wit nuttin to do 
ok partial set and brow threading done, do I really have to go to jcpennys today?! 
i think im just gunna sulk today 
have a splitting headache today   #fb
Sitting at work I have to work today and tommorow bummer   did'nt find out till yesterday about 4:30 I had to work all weekend.
Missing hubby sooooo much today and still feeling dreadful 
was at my mum &amp; dads for tea today and promptly fell asleep on the couch afterwards  bad boy the trouble was i did a lot of driving today
I tried to give blood today but was rejected  oh well maybe next time!
OK going crazy's the name of the game today, yesterday someone hacked the forums and tried messing with our servers all because of scape 
 today turned horrible. I should have seen it coming. So ready to completely wash my hands with new orleans!
I feel so sad today after reading and anti-american email saying the people killed 9 11 deserved to die for it was priest who said it. 
@thereasonwhy well i have a wedding to go to today so i have no choice but to go out in this weather! its suppose to rain monday 
@Bubbies  it stopped for a little while yesterday but they are back full force today  lol I am a bunny addict lmao
shouldn't have eaten all of that chinese last night. eurgh! dont feel too good today 
eh. don't want to work today... just sitting around, getting ready soon, work at 5 til 10:45. 
didnt make anything today, prolly should have closed lunch but i feel like hell 
No hanging rock today.    going to the apple store with matt.
Busing to the park with matt its looking quite gloomy today 
@jongoodson seems i sud lay down for sleep on coach...i thought today will just like yesterday...huh! i'm getting zzZZZZZzzz 
gosh i wish yesterday was today.  i miss everyone so so much.
@MiszJaXon yay! glad you had phone. i hope i get to see you next week. i missed everyone today  boooo
Not going to the fair today afterall 
@_neda do some laps for meee! I can't work out today 
chilling in my room, cant belive i have a cold today, it sux 
today on this shit 
i'm killin it on the drums today, i wish i didnt have to work  sad face for jesse right now
@incanto awww im like semi depressed today myself 
.. heading back to the ole' life today.. yay for me 
*sighs*  Cant do anything right today!!!  
today is the last day i go with them  bye all have fun at malaysia.&amp;just done uploading phts, check out that on my fb thnks.off guys bye
@jackiechanel09 u wouldn't be jealous today! it's so gloomy. it was raining earlier. this june gloom bs is no joke 
Shit iwish i cud ride today 
@fmmarianicolon ohhh... I haven't watched the news today yet 
today is going to be bad. i can already tell. dallas, i hate you for not being houston. 
@mollyjenson @hotelcafe doesn't work!  btw... been listening to you today! ;)
today is the going away party for isabella schaub. she is moving to chicago with her family. im going to bring a pack of tissues with me 
@Paoh making a sad video  and only because did anyone know it's the &quot;jemi day&quot; today ? &lt;3 everyone rejoiced in june 11? why not tdai ? &lt;3
i wanna go out to eat but aint got out to eat money LOL booboo to brokenness today 
pumpernickel bread is amazing. yes, this is all i have to say today. 
feelin a lil depressed  today!
@jacobchr (and boy, does my spelling suck today.  )
steph's friday video will be posted today. sorry its late 
ow, today is my birthday 
Unfortunately, my 16-y/o sister had an accident while driving to be with us today  They're all fine, but she's pretty shaken, poor thing.
ugh. the bedding i ordered sucks.  returning it for sure. today is just not going so great...
hmmm was out today jumped off the pier got cut all over me  i havent herd from my baby in 1 week  missing like crazy
i'm so freaking miserable today  hey @tommcfly did you have a cold or allergies when you were tweeting about feeling ill?
@Lulico gd thats a relief. I found out today my friends dog was ran over and died, its so sad she is only a puppy chiuowa  she was lovely
Watch the videos of today, don't forget us.  http://bit.ly/WHKDO   #IranElection
And now i'm getting yelled at for making the internet in the house slow? I can't do anything right today. 
brrrrrr! it's hot as hell today! 
today was a big drama, like something off the tv, im now scared of dogs  !
no blog today  im slacking! tomorrow i wil blog! http://emmamereta.blogspot.com xx
Everyones busy today  !!
been speaking with in french and with french accent all day. don;t want to be me today. 
@lightskinnnn38 I know I saw them today  1000 is our limit boooo
I'm a burnt cookie  so daaawwwkkk dude wtf. I don't like today!!!
@chelsBREE today is johnnys bday so we're all going out  sorry dear.
god damn, today is nothing but a let down 
@roundthesun sorry I didn't make it today I forgot all aboot it!! 
movies today with siany shitface and sherridan warndizzle. minus @ashomem 
@Amberrr_Rockkss - have an awesome time today of ur party sorry i cant make it. 
@lunarlamp aw, that sucks.  i missed you today!
doesn't want to go get ready! grr, my hair does not want to look nice today 
*alert* one of my fave movies is on the five heartbeats yay and I thought today couldn't get any better  http://myloc.me/4Kby
idk wtf i'm doing with my hands. :L  not in a dailybooth mood today tbh   http://tinyurl.com/nrfb68
obtw, anyone check the mail today ... coughgrades?  kinda disappointed with my finals grades.
being lazy. nothing to do today, sadly. 
omg realized what today was n i totally missed the @veronicasmusic concert 
I just went to the po mans store today, spent 45.00 
can't seem to get my shit together today. have had up to 5k chips but not made it thru 1st round at all. one more chance. 
@SallytheShizzle sigh. i'm kinda depressed today, not fair and all of that 
@itsmomobitchez hey girl i was gonna pop today but my man didn't let me 
cody jus left... sitting here dont feel too good  went and saw my car today i think im in love!!
@laurie_pooh I'm relying on the library...reading as they come off of hold  I read 3 yesterday and start 5 tonight with 6 &amp; 7 waiting.
like i was sayin.. @_callmecourt before i was so rudely interupted by twitascope comin thru.. we missed u today 
guh. no internet today.  darn taylorz. meneedinternetzplease.
my little gril turned one today 
went swimming again today... my lil man got a sunburn though 
@chelsea_smile haha i was exaggerating...it just hurts cause of the weather and i was standing a lot today 
I just can't win today. :/ hahah! my back hurts 
forgot the sunscreen today.....ouch 
bull bull bull! this is what you call a true jonas fan. i think.. haha, i am so depressed today. i will never get over it 
sleepyyy. humiliating moment today. ahhhh 
missing my oma today  bit emo.
@babygyrlxxi fed me today. her mom laughed at me cuz i can't find my ????????, smh.  ~$kittle$~
My computer keeps freezing and i have no idea how to start my english essay and it needs to be finished but the end of today 
i just had my grad party today!!! it was awsome!!! i didnt get the jobat first solar thou!!!   o well ill keep looking!!!
some ppl r so hell bent on me to make me do things which i am not interested, somethin like today's plan 
Wishing that I wasn't sick coz then I would have been able to go out on the boat today 
i want to go to mall but i can`t coz i`m busy today 
@gimmedunkaroos ive been craving em for about a year now ! my aunt didnt let me buy em today  lmao
anthony grieco only conumed24 grams of protein today 
No fan fic updates today. 
Man, ankle got swollen from rollover in bball today..... pretty gross  http://twitpic.com/7zicc
@occmakeup ughh I'm so sad that some of the liptars sold out already I wanted to buy them all and had to work today  see you tomorrow!
mmmmm bedtime sounds good... today i found out that i might have to have a down payment to buy a house...wtf is up with that!? 
I'm back on the internet, yay! Just today tho, lol. I only have internet on Sundays now 
@izsh1911 what happened with ultrasn0w? think it's coming today sunday?  thanks for the update really 
omg my little brother is 14 today!! I'm oooooooooooooooollllddd 
Never eating/drinking dairy again no matter now desperate I get. Not after today's tum tum dramas 
Yesturday was the best... today not so great.  yesturday i danced, took pics, played air hockey and laughed.
@tobywankenoby  yea  I let her be her today haha
Dads going to the cricket today so mum + I are going to nans! I broke my healthy eating twice yesterday with a mc flurry + frozen yoghurt 
has lotsa things to do today  .. but very lazy and weak.. ( #fb
my new Ubertwitter wont let me post to my phone.. so I havent twitted much today 
its the longest day today. nice weather outside, today its the british grand prix, looking forward to that, im usually there though 
southampton tonight! feelin alot better today wooohooo sorry about yesterday  xxxx
@swtnlocarb no  we just did grown folk and now I'm contiplating telling him anbout how u and I went to the store today...,ot sure yet
my brain isnt working today! Just tried to do the brain training ds thing &amp; just failed totally 
@rose_janice is it my turn on the dishes today? 
@cecamy yeah thanks, going home today though 
feel so incredibly lucky (and sad) when I read about shit going down in the world today 
Getting up early on day off to read stuff for the podcast today argh 
back from work. today, ruby and i created ourselves in sims. We had to make sure my skin tone was pasty enough 
Dofe today, goodbye everybody, i might just die  xxx
just remembered today is my 6th wedding anniversary or would have been if I hadn't married a lying, cheating bastard! 
kind of bored today &gt; the bad weather fits to my mood 
cant keep my eyes open today!  aah well.... &quot;/
@EmsySinclair  It is very cool, i now want an iphone. I sound like crap today ... would have been funny. I want chinese 
lets hope i can sleep tonight cause if i can't you will be seeing a lot of tweet about it and i will be grumpy like i was today 
got a damn cold..   feel so low today.
I feel like a 80yr old granny today 
watched year one today at southbank with brady and sheri! shit movie 
anyone suggest anything to do after lunch today? in northern ireland and weather not good  x
....A black out on my side of town...yuck ...and its hot already   geesh...someones debbie downer today!!
I was supposed to sleep all the day today, wanted to rest but mommy call me on my phone early and woke up me damn i'm tired as fuck 
hmm  not feeling to great today 
T20 worldcup.. I've a bad feeling that pakistan will win today. 
@rushiparikh well im working today  and its sunday...and people are wnjoying the weather and im stuck in office 
Moving out today, yuri going home 
dude i'm up waay to early. i feel depressed today.. blaaah 
no ones out and about today  damm
also i feel bad i didnt get my dad anything today  but hadnt got any money grrrr
today will most likely suck gonads. 
I'm excited about getting to the beach today, but not excited about leaving this little guy.   http://twitpic.com/80761
@MinnieMouseTin aww thats goodie! i baked pudding today but it got kinda burnt..aww 
i dont want to work a double today  I want to grill sweet things for my dad.
It's sooooo not my day today....everything goes wrong   I just wanna go to sleep!
the baby is leaving today guys i am not happy 
@SoCcErDaWg014 imactually coming back on friday loli thought  was today but i guess not   ill be home soon though dont worry!! 
@theresanoelle yeah I agree with you. it's lame.  ps I was watching garden state today, and it reminded me of you singing haha!
Thinking...wish I would have finished house cleaning yesterday. Not gonna happen today. 
At rehersal. Seems to be dragging today though 
missing @mrjasonlewis video shoot today for all the wrong reasons  wish i was there. hav a good one babe. x
@BrooksAP i was there too today!! too bad i don't work there anymore.... but yes that area is cute. i miss working in old glenora 
happy father's day  have my dance show today last one then im done till september so sad 
damn it boredom sucks  i seriously need to do something today!
I've gotta stop dreaming so i can sleep! super tired and i work 12-7:30 on a beautiful day like today 
I think I drank too much coffee today, coz now I can't sleep 
@omg_pichu goood!!  How are you??  It sucks you gotta work today! 
sooo, today is turning out to be harder than i thought it would be  http://bit.ly/19BoRs  i want my daddy back 
love yah dad, too bad i won't see you at all today 
Miserable today...dang summer cold, can't stop coughing 
@ireallydohate Dammit, was hoping there would be no tweets from you today! I hear the car died on you 
happy fatherss daay daddy, ;  too bad im fightin today .. 
@kickmesb, I kno the weather sucks today... cant wear my cute shorts  o well guess il save ppl fom thunder thighs today lol
so tired i'm still in bed and it's 5? i refuse to move until dinners out then i'll get up and showered etc. not happy today 
i didn't win. i thought my entry was good  oh well....i'm seeing donnie today. every cloud has a silver lining!
up early, going inner tubing and jet skying today YEY so excited! Two hour drive ahed thought 
soo I went looking at cars again yesterday any suggestions? I really wanted a trailblazer ss but there are none around oklahoma 
@linthenerd no killing.  maybe i stop by later?  far away from my dad today 
packing for california!!! wish i was leaving today   i am soooo excited
@bzani thank you my love  have fun playing photog today!
@AnnaBanana77 awwe that's sad  maybe, my mom really wants me to study today. i have SO much to tell you!!
hmm today's episode of home and away has not been uploaded yet ! 
ok classes are supposed to start today. But i've been m.i.a for 4 days and the site is goin hella slow so i gotta wait 
fbook photo upload sux today. 
@scratchybird they cancelled it for today and had to change it for next monday cz the girl was ill. bad times  xxx
@christinachou i wanted to see you but i can't make it to the office today  we'll have a catch up sesh fo sho after chile!
no love on twitter today am a cry 
im grounded today  text me!
Oh yea working hard today...  So bored 
on youtube. absolutely nothing to do today  maybe ill go give my dog a bath, he smells horribleeee D: hah.
seems quiet on here today? have all the talkative ppl gone to bed? 
This is how i feel today http://twitpic.com/84llv upset... 
forgot to go get my goodies at the bank today.  oops.  
It is way too hot! I don't wanna go outside at all today but i so have to 
just got a text from e! news saying jon &amp; kate filed for divorce earlier today at a courthouse in pennsylvania  sad day.
its officially 100 degrees today in ft lauderdale 
twitter's not tweeting properly today.   weird.  how long will this problem last?
about to &quot;talk&quot; it out! i've been very cranky today 
Procrastinating two 200 word book reviews   all i did today was work and im still goin..
so im not feelin like myself at all today.. 
im so bored. I really hope he comes over tonight, we have a lot to talk about. my hearts hurting today for some reason  &lt;3
E! breaking news confirmed that jon &amp; kate have filed for divorce today... so sad for the kids 
Not many meows today  @erlse @interwibble @09casper @artfordogs @cyberbonn @petwebdesigner @ifpetscouldtime @halopets romeothecat
omgoodness.. hot day today, my backs burnt  i decided i need to make a new youtube video sheesh, i fail lol
I MISSS MYYY BOYYYFRIIIEEENNNND  waahhh cant stop whining about that today
Wow today was a great day long and fun and its still early even tho a lot fucked up shit happened today aw  shoutout to emmy if ya hear me
mama took the kodachrome away today.... understand: a lot of the 20th century you know is thanks to kodachrome... an age has passed 
I am SO bored right now...today sucks 
so jon and kate got a divorce today 
@caitlyn_mc my dad said that it then said they filed for divorce today  ahh this is craziness...feel so bad for them
taking care of my hubby....he got his tooth pulled today 
@johncessna it was online earlier anyway. They filed for divorce today 
@jessiekaiser That's scary, I hope you hear from her soon, bb. 
being  bored taking random pic of me with my new camera. was in salem today wish i could have seen reed 
today was siiiiick as fuck! saw miss may i, was too shy to talk to my bby  lol anyway got to meet impending doom 
Morning!! imma need this rain to go away cuz i have alot of driving around to do today 
i hope i get tanned today..im too pale 
@Godmutha43 yeah, the metro is moving REALLY slowly today- can't blame them, but still slowed me down a whole lot getting in today 
lier, lier, pants on fire ......today i find out that my brothers friend damaged my bake so badly that its impossible to ride with it 
@Sonjabea feel like complete crap today but have no leave after shayes illness 
Having motivation issues today  #fb
Doing better today, still have a little bit of my virus tho 
2 Finals today! wish me luck! :X i still have a lot to study after my first final.. 
i feel like i have S0 much to do today. but i cant remember any of it  oh well. going to the pool til i remember. lol
@brandiv aww that sucks, my sinuses are going crazy today... head feels like exploding. and I was supposed to go running this morning! 
http://twitpic.com/86z9u - me and my cousin gavin, who's left for australia for a year today 
Looks like no swimming today for either of the kiddos 
hi people, i have a test today 
boo! no theatre for us today.  I'm so fucking pissed off about it too, I don't know why, it's not really anyone's fault. meh.
about to take a test. hopefully swimming again today! sad that jon and kate are getting divorced 
today is going to be sooo sad.  I cnt even imagine how everyone elses reaction is going to be. R.I.P babygirl! 043091-061909
@joshcorrie joshhhhh, how are u feeling? lawrence said he poped in today which was nice. We all miss u  xxx
today it was too sunny, then it rained, now it is sunny again hmmmm oh dear, its hot tomorrow as well, i will deffo boil in my jeans 
@samgilfillan yeah yur really upsetting me today  and yes, higher my dear
i have something in my fucking eye and its fucking annoying. today was a better day than yesterday. im no longer crashin a party  ...
caught up on some much needed sleep today! missing rudy and kp 
back from camping feeling about a stone fatter so I have started my health kick today with salad, salad oh and more salad after my run 
hi mike how are u today? here is so cloudy and cold 
havent heard from my boy today  i miss him.
Just woke up and I gotta do yardwork today. 
ughh wanted to go swimming today but can't 
Is in a bad mood today  don't even know y... thats always fun
@cameh haha. I love the hot wether, although today has been quite boring. 
Ayzah is 3 months old today... MashAllah... missin apple cheeks 
ugh sdre isnt coming here  lame. today can suck my dick.
I don't wanna work today.  Here's hoping some little kid craps in the pool and we have to shut down!
ahhhh, so today was okayyy, didnt get to see my boyfrienddd 
flubber was playing at crossroads for a buck today and i missed it 
waaay too much going on in the world today...my little bubble is about to burst!! my heart goes out to all affected by the metro accident 
frick. i don't know my social security number.  no app for target today.
@omgpop whats going on with blockles today? it keeps freezing and not refreshing 
Watching movies. Leaving san antonio today 
I'm so tired and suddenly I think covering that shift today was a dumb idea. 
guh. my creative juices just aren't flowing well today 
got burnt on my face a bit today ! and dont feel well  xx
Ugh i keep thinking todays wednesday  work today!!   but going to pki thursday with op! 
am i too tired or everyone is really posting boring things today? naaah. 
definitely sick today.  bleh.  thank you steven (my brother) for passing this crud on to me 
@tushsharma hahahaha... but I'm the chef, and not feeling well today 
has to go to the dentist today...  sad sad ssad scccarrreddd!!!!!!!!!!!
@smeeMarie I thought you didn't have to work w/that jerk-off today. 
Playing with the kids today. Too hot to do anything. Too muggy too! 
@sct0606 i see u dont have time for me today   
Depressed today...blah.    And my eyesight is blurry for some reason??
Its a hot one again today at the ballpark, however not too sure about a win  #fb
@sgerhart Got a ticket today for some stupid traffic violation and need to go to a hearing for it, plus a bunch of other crap going on. 
@hollywills hi holly came today to see the auditions but they told us 300 odd seats down  xxx
spent about three hrs running all over manhattan looking 4 a darn iphone. every1 sold out ended up ordering it. I wanted to have it today 
this is why I never make it to the gym...  I shall overcome today tho!
today sucks... really bad. fml 
I wanted to go clothes shopping today but nobody wants to go with me. 
oh no..today is raining hard 
my clients are off the fuck wall today ! days like this I hate being a social worker 
No classes today.  What a bummer..
Doesn't want to go to sleep until I see todays #guidinglight but I'm so ill 
I got a package today!! But the office is closed....  I think its my mp3 player I bought off @woot !
thday, and remind me of it today. Now I need tons of grenadine so I can swallow. 
@davidciccone nice...I think it rained for 2 seconds down here today... 
@SuckaproofHov a lil better than yesterday but I'm still have this stinkin fever  finally ate something today soo that's kinda good
@andyhotc It's not 'OK' but it's likely to happen. A 6 year old told me he was going to &quot;bray me&quot; today... kids know too many bad things! 
that nap did not make me feel any better :'( today sucks 
i burned myself for the first time ever (besides sunburn) today   ow!
blek..i wish this guy would respond to my messages   just text. burnt from the pool today /:
SUNBURNT !! aaiyah, it hurts &amp; im all red   //today was fun w/ its ups nd downs ~
#infsum began today. i think if i can make it past the tennis stuff i'll be ok. but i have little interest in or knowledge of tennis 
#vimeo loads slowly today 
@eirra iyuh disgusting rie. i'm feelin unwell and dont belong. i dont know. today is just a day. 
I had a hella funny thought today at work. Too bad I can't recall it. 
man... i wanna see transformers! there was a big line outside the theater today... but i have no money.   sooooo... who wants to take me??
@DanTanner yeah twitter is still 'twitching' today, has been all week in fact  hope they work out the bugs soon ...
just got back from the movies..had a blast with my lil brothers today..their nuttts..missing him like crazyyy  hit up the cell..
@Viaddz i fully didnt even see you today at alllllll  have a good summer man, we'll connect thru twitter ;)
I think i got sunburned from doing too much unprotected walking outside today  www.myspace.com/godframe
i feel shitty today. effin headache.. argghhh.. 
I don't feel fa-bu today  http://myloc.me/5xXg
getting ready for school, but really im just on the computer lol  i cba to go today but ive gotta hand in cw so, i guess im gunna have to 
played sims for four hours today, and thats a cut down from yesterday.  help me 
hi i am up and now i am ready to go to firrhill, We have maths and french today 
ugh! i cant believe i didnt see transformers 2 today! maybe l8er 
OUCH, needles today  thought of lots of campaign ideas during english today. was the teacher with jovie and harry 
:-o Where the sun gone?  Can tell today is going to be crap!
Morning everyone. How r u all today?? I feel bit I'll today, dodgy stomach 
More people getting shot in the streets today  #news http://bit.ly/z0nvU
Morning. As I'm going away today I've already done my changes to eps 1&amp;2. I do have to clean the litter trays and cut the grass though. 
gah got medicals today 
hopefully today will be a good'n exept i have to take buckley to vet 
@dirksfadeaway sorry we slept in  will be thinking of you today xx
@bubblegarm today...but thank you so much for emailing natalie, i really really appreciate it, and i'm so disappointed that i can't go 
hannah montana.. best movie ever!! i saw it twice today i LOVED it well done 
is it going to be a loooonnnnnggggg day??????? dont wana clean today wana play 
I may have been a bit optimistic with the shorts today 
lost her favorite necklace today, im tore up about it 
wanted to watch transformers today.bt bb didnt want to catch de midnight session 
@geekachu i feel your pain - s'what my mish is for today 
Is feeling rather unloved today, where is everyone and why arent you talking to me????! *huff, stomp, sulk* 
@emmalove what r u wearing today? im in a stress  wanted to wear a summer dress but it looks 2 cold out right now 
@JellyWrestler yeah I hear you. Actually found an awesome checkered black and gold pair today but $185  so $10 gold watch from paddys won
feels so exhausted today. *i think i'm gonna be sick*  http://plurk.com/p/13tiei
Bizzarley tired today, tried to stave it off with caffeine but to little avail. I think late nites are catching up on me 
i just found out today that my bestfriend is back to her old habit again.. sad 
I gotta go now.    I hope everyone has a great day today (or evening for those of you across the globe from me). lol 
I gotta go now.   I hope everyone has a great day today (or evening for those of you across the globe from me). lol
@cazzierol i'm in southbanks! I tried calling today. But your phone's off or something. 
today is my mthary.but someone is angwee with me  - http://tweet.sg
@demilition i came into city beach today to see you but i didnt  when are you working next, theres a skirt i wanna buy.
@BillyBrahhh yeah but you leave today right? i gots no reason to be up  
Dammit, I thought today was friday... 
@LizS4ra @Hedgewytch I've got that 'forboding' tummy thing today - on account of everso pristine neighbour asking me to trim my tree 
today has been so gayy, i hate winterrrrr, everyone gets sickk and itss freezinggg 
@mish84 would it be sad if I said yes?  @peterfacinelli sadly wasn't the vampire taking blood from my arm today... 
@AlexM11  obviously not up to such complicated things today. sorry.
I'm procrastinating going to work.  I have to go to the bad place today   It's definitely a starbucks morning to compensate.
@loobycrafts ill post them tomorrow if thats ok. got terrible tooth ache today, just cant move! 
im so confusedddd..... but feelin' great today... thought about an person and i miss her allready 
feeling quite jealous. my brother has a seat on centre court at wimbledon today 
I forgot my mp3 player today. I put loads of new stuff on it last night and really wanted to listen to it today  only 4.5 hours to go!
@ works 8 to 6 today  @livelaughsing the worst that could happen is that he tells my bro or he doesn't feel the same
@beelovessyouu nope i didn't no one was there but she wouldn't come out of her car so i was like crying lol. I can't go today 
Dangit! I do not want to go to work today! Especially since it's raining...that's when I sleep best  sooo tired...
My tummy hurts today  technically I've been up since yesterday so I'm all off and my shoulders &amp; back hurt like mad !
off to nyc today.. and not for the mtv unplugged taping... f u mtv 
dads going into hospital on tuesday  sad
I hope I pass PALS today, I was tooo sick to study last night.. getting some starbucks then heading over there. I still feel like crap 
today's soup FAIL. need to hunt for provisions. 
Just woke up today and I can't go to work... friggin' tonsilitis 
still have a bad headache... damn it!! wanted to go to self-defence today ... 
watching wimbledon before class this morning...crazy that i was sitting in the stands there 1 year ago...definately missing london today 
having a coffee watching oparh..then going to the doctors  hayfevers taking over!! hope your all hayfever free today tweetie pie's!!! xxx
he made the good morning call today.  even tho he knew i couldn't accept the charges.  just to hear me for a moment. i miss him so much 
sooo  yea um... playing in the sprinkler today with the kids... and anxiously awaiting my pookey!! i miss him 
@iamfir hi baby wish i was with you guys today 
@BigPapi1011 call mee when you get a chance today, i miss you 
I woke up at 4:30 am today.  8:00 tee time. &gt;&lt;&quot;
only 9 am and i already feel like i'm going to stroke out. today is kicking my ass 
doesnt feel like workin today...just not in a good mood at all 
i got called a stupid whore from a random 40 yr old gay guy today... 
is drinking my coffee...tryna wake up.  i just want to lay in the sun today.  stuck in this office tho 
I'm gona be moving out today I guess, I really dont want to, this sucks so bad 
@avinash_varma for us it has become part of everyday life  .... avi..today...dont forget to bring your bag ;)
I am clean and I guess I don't have to take my grandma places... she wanted to go alone. I still have to work today though. 
Wowzers I don't feel good today.  And I didn't even do anything silly last night to feel so crappy! 
What the fuck is wrong with everyone today 
darn, my eyes look normal today 
just today i stoped to watch &quot;thinking of you&quot; of katy perry and the video is so saaaaaaaad 
 no transformers today! my ride stood me up can u believe this crap
my daughter gave me a fat bloody lip last nite. she just drops her head onto mine. i wish i could just sleep in with her today. 
today is my farewell party in the lab....i didn't think i would miss everyone this much alread 
@dannawalker No word on #scholarpress yet  Sorrry.  I will be posting the workshop info later today though
im soooooooooo tired today. And i have to clean up the house! 
is home sick today, thinking about all the things he needs to work on. 
@joelheitmar awww  ur almost done tho, right? I have a desperate need to do laundry today, actually.
its going to be seeeehr hot today  ... ausserdem: I can't handle a german keyboard anymore   .. 
zara's on sale starting today. sadly, here in bataan, stucked. bummer.  
oh em geem what a bad day at work today  
i need to showerrrrrr. and do something today...until i take mocha to the vet.  kben :]
@mwtsnx emma were you in topshop in bracknell today? I swear it was you but none of my workmates believed me  please help prove them wrong
basement kittee posted about herself on my blog yesterday  I posted today about mah new toy! http://themeatloafy.wordpress.com/
@i_m_doc damn and i left my laptop at home today....i have to wait till i get home to purchase it. 
@VanessaMarie1 hey boo..I couldn't sleep last night..me and philly are sick.. I was late to work today. 
even a texan would admit that it's humid in nyc today 
off to watch a bit of wimbledon on the tv, pointe class has been cancelled for today 
holy feck -looks like I'll be doing a ton of unpleasant driving later today. 
my princes pre-k graduation was today, most beautiful thing i ever seen i actually cried, mah baby got soo big before my eyes 
If I die today, make sure to cremate me!  lol jk
hopes her A/C gets fixed today.  It's a lil hot. 
The lasagna wasn't very good today    thank god for snickers bars...
@arthimeera i did!!but it was a bust due to storms.my phone died sorry  i have your gift!if i can get to practice today i will.miss you!
working on setting up my ipod touch, which as of today is officially mine!! 
@SophieVeronica today was rad. we made it into the finals for cross country YAY. love you sophie &lt;3 (L) ps everythins cool with my mates 
juggernaut, dr. doom, magneto, &amp; xavier!  ahahah today was a good day n__n
haz her gown ordered today.  and dropped boogie off to the airport.  and now.. laundry galore is to be continued.
@LaBelleMusik I got slumdog millionaire from my netflix today. yeaaaaaa 
i was so happy today was nice out!!  im so happy spring has shown up..for now anyways 
@middleclassgirl makes it all feel worthwhile doesn't it?  though today, i stretched myself and handwrote headings on butcher's paper!! 
Just working again..... We gonna digitalhero some ship today 
goood morning world. I wonder what sort of adventure you have in store for me today? 
ok i'm being daring and wearing shorts and flip flops today 
@leebrownhill unfortunately its hard not to be sometimes, hope todays better for you 
OK, maybe today I will get near the beach, and maybe not! 
Just woke up...need to walk the dog...an go to the store and buy some breakfast. I hope I the vinyls I ordered today! 
@poppy_dog LOL no prob. I'm bilingual  I can bark English. How r you today??
@mileycyrus me and my friends have been up for an hour to get in line at gma today  say hi to us haha
@theproblemkids  mother love bone...woo hooo!!! haven't listened to them in a while....think i might just go give them a spin today!! 
watching the biggest loser, sad that andrew left but this is a good episode. saw watchmen today, worst movie ever, i love jake 
goin watchin confessions of a shopaholic today... if hannah will answer her phone !! x x 
hmmm yesterday i committed to running with the bulls in pamplona.....on the web, them bulls are looking awful big...nervous already 
nothing planned today ... i should be studying but its nice out and i fancy going to the beach! 
im so tired today. i want to lay in a bed full of boys and just have hugs  sounds so good, probably look even better.
@DanceofLife just twigged  you mean your financial presentation? Yes I'll have a look at home and mail to you today
I'm up too early on my free days. see marcus...i can't help it. yay get to buy my guapo ticket today 
uhm, changing haircolour today! 
@niamhhughes lol awesome! you're definitely my favourite person today for that link! 
@acapotorto aww sorry don't you that hate! yuck! have fun in the city today 
is watching the the hills 8 episodes today!  seen them all a million times tho but oh well never gets old
just woke up, hella tired. but derrik &amp; i are going to college today 
I wonder whats its store for today 
I'm off today so I got to get my house cleaned :/ I't not bad just a little bit here and there wont take long 
@redrobinrockn yes...but today daddy has them! i'm out for the day to work 
ahhhh today is the big dayyy!! taking my drivers test im so scared everyone pray for me 
Overly excited about the cable guy coming today...TV is essential to me.  
WOW, i must say im ready for him: http://www.myspace.com/uniquestarpower it's someone new, it's what the music industry needs today  
yoga this morning was all about balance!  so im trying to balance the rest of my life today...whateverr
ugh just got up....im so tired.....going to my dads today 
goin shooting.. draw partner!! hahaha.. should be a good day today  7A
just finished 1 section of ma corsework out of 5, its took me 3 hours and i need it finished today 
is sore after trying to keep up with a young whippersnapper in bball yesterday...thank goodness for the rain today - no rematches 
i'm up 30 minutes before my alarm.. and it's soo sunny out! good morning twits  what's today look like for youu?
I wanna wear a pretty dress today 
@Fearnecotton great show today  please could you play 'Don't upset the rythm - Noisettes' its my fave song in the world. ash x
says, hey everybody, get off the computer and go outside and play today 
Sitting at a cracker barrell eating lunch. The world is going to end today. 
wedding and cookout today... good little saturday 
in the beauty parlor getting prettier  going to shop for my bday dress today!
go doggies today!, kick west coast ass, lol 
@datadirt ah cool i thought about getting the same one today as well  #canon #hf10
@tiggsintexas he's had his ass kicked many times. twice today already. 
hmmm what shall i do today 
lookin for sumthing to wear for today 
Kicking it with my bitches today 
At ra training then fasa fiesta. Really excited to see my parents today 
@KatherineHelena oooh, thankyou.  you're my talking dictionary today! hahaaa
@brookieballet no prob  and yeah..got my wisdom teeth out yesterday but i'm feeling pretty good today 
@deftonesfreek   oh no.. i'm having a blast today  sitting in my underwear in the sunshiiiine 
@Ampolution yeah the weather was great today! Lets hope for more days like this 
@just_another_1 ok....cool   How are you today?
told her dad she wants to be a circus gypsy today- he seems totally down with it now!  
got my first tweet today, yeah, I'm in business 
watchin suite life on deck. hanging with vanessa today was fuunn 
@totalarsenal alright thanks yours? just forgetting about football and thinking of the f1 today  lol
Today was fucking beastttt. iloveyouguysss!  babylon tomorrow, woooo!
going on a dinner date w/ my sweety  feelin much better today!
today was amazin. 
@5AwesomeYAFans OR http://twitpic.com/3kvrf &amp; http://twitpic.com/3kvu7  thats it for today I swear! 
I just hope scum will lost today's game  hahaha 
slept 'till four today. lovley, i know, but i was up till five. here's to a wasted saturday!!  ~Munch~
http://twitpic.com/3l074 - haaa blankis and mee i love u bb thanks 4 coming!! today go well 
I have a crappy schedule this week but am in high spirits after a little pep talk today from lulu.  
@theroser jasssonnnn, i had an awesome time today. we had some goood talks  thanks for hanging out! seee you before friday? ;)
@zackalltimelow i didnt get to give you your birthday card today well yesterday now  i loved you and alex's acoustic set very much. reply?
yeah it's today 
im awake, full on tired now and i've got an awful stomache ache :/ but can't wait for today 
today ??? please sun come out!!! germany is so cold  brrr   
@motionocean I'm good, hehe not really. I'm going to watch the boat that rocked today though  How are you?
@Natazzz yep, i'm ok today! had my strawberries  ideas always seem good at the time.. until later
cant wait 4 her roast today, with lots of wine 
ohhaii sunshine ;) deffo doing some revision today shout at me if i don't 
@melisangel had a good 1  friday was abit messy lol  going for along walk with some friends today as we are having great weather, yours?
i woke up so late today, its so sunny and beautiful!! currently doing my makeup ready to out for L with the fam 
held lochlan for the first time today . . . so precious.  I'm a proud auntie 
heading to livi today for some retail therapy  thats if my mum ever gets here lol
@vindee uh oh! If my mum gets mangoes today I will bake it tomorrow morning! 
@abijones i finished my manifesto today  head boyancy here we come. just a whole play to learn... congrats, i bet its amazing
after the hyper from all the suger i couldnt sleep,now in the office,tired.a lot of people came today, t's starting to be exciting again 
phillies game today  phillie phanatic birthday
I so wish I was going to black bear today....ugh! anyway! i'll see you all on the 22nd anyway 
cant get to the computer today, so no updates. also going back to college tomorrow but cant really do with spreadsheets, there so boring 
@spentwent 'Tired from the beach&quot; you say? haha! Things are good, I think today's going to be long but productive 
wants to be able to see cuz today!!!      V (peace)
going to jess's show today. 
i love sleeping in  ..... until I realize just how much crap I have to get done today! aaah!
@daNanner well hope u have another wonderful day  Whats on ur agenda today ?
I'm making sure my running clothes &quot;work&quot; today. Yesterday they allowed me to be lazy. Not today...offline for the next hour peeps.  
I just thrashed the scum 3-0 on fifa09 for good measure...today is a good day 
cleaning my room;; watching logan today 
@deathburlesque ha, glad to hear it!  any plans for today? 
golfing with taylor, chenelle, and dustin today  in like an hour!
goin to the beach today!!! hopefully it wont be crowded! 
@Mtkd3 oh yea! i plan on it! its supposed to be high as 92 today!  hope you have a good day too! 
@LilyLoch wow cool just read it  working today will think about all this on monday
its nice out side today 
is home  todays been great; but tiring.
Totally relaxing today...reading, catching up on dvr'd shows, possibly a nap... 
is waiting on der to get here. getting ready for tacky prom.  woo. today is amazing.
urghhhh school today. pile of shite tbh. but look at the day  i recons feild (Y)
@mileycyrus goodmorning miley!! rome looks beautiful today  see you around
today was a chill out day  @sammay187 doood, whats doing on wednesday ? do you have workio ? xo.
we saw two alligator gars like this today in a ditch 
@ddlovato this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday and i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@ddlovato this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday and i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@ddlovato this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday and i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@ddlovato this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday and i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@ddlovato this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday and i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@ddlovato this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday and i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@ddlovato this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday and i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@ddlovato this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday and i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
I'm gonna talk about stars today ... 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
@mileycyrus this is silly but i had a dance tryout on friday &amp; i find out today if i made it, could you wish me luck &amp; pray for me please 
nice to see u peeps irl at the geek meet today 
is reliving the old rochester days today! hello guildhall mueseum 
hung out with kat and jason's ian today...fun for all 
blah, where twiitter laura rampaging?   lol              today was defo 3 thumbs up 
@ccgtradepost Lots of cards spoiled in the prerelease primer vids today it seems 
@Schofe you and fern seem very happy today, happier than usual..nice to see  xx
urqhh no nikes today ! uggs mann  cause every peroid lmaooo cellme pleasee !
tweetdeck gone awol - make sure you smile at someone today 
@ddlovato good luck with the uk release of yer album today. I got it.  love you.
Spring clean today  got so much junk lol wish me luck xxxxx
My overun phone is still going strong  new chuck episode today yeah!
hahahhaha, today is goooood. 
http://twitpic.com/3niup - @linieeh , today ya'll get one 
speech today and I'm going to the dr for that yearly checkup...Thats my morning 
wow i have a bad case of the monday blues today i think it's being stuck in the office when it's sunny outside really need a new career 
I received my 2 bbycks neckwears today  Eyewears should be in the mailbox tomorrow. I need money to order the new tshirts too!!
-- wow...  today we'll hit 94F (34C)... unseasonably hot!!  #fb
goooood morniiiing *--* i'm felling great today 
good morning twitter folk, the daily pic is up on the pensiveblog,  we have a special guest today  http://bit.ly/rh9pQ
@cate3221 oh i must be up above the clouds today then  winter is creeping up on us....
@pyar_ i was listening to dear maria, count me in on the train today and totally thought of you! how are you? 
@shibbychristie  i was sad today, looked at that .gif and no longer was emotionally down.
@giftsandvoucher hey partner  how are you today? up early
@helenaanneh yeah i was supposed to go today, but i felt to sick, i am going thursday at 6 so i will see you and hear you !  yay haha
is being allllll cuddly today  I waanna feel loved!! xD
hmm not sure what today will bring ......but im pretty sure it'll be fun amyway 
hmm not sure what today will bring ......but im pretty sure it'll be fun anyway 
No matter what, today I`m  gonna keep on smiling and being pozitiv.... good things have got to happen 
becoming quite good at this vintage selling on ebay got another awesome little leather skirt today! i'm so glad none of it fits me 
has just watched twilight for the second time today  gotta love that moviee
@stockingfetish yes definitely  will post links later on today when i surf again!
@diana_music was just wondering do you still talk to cheryl cole? passed my theroy test today  you learning to drive yet?
I think I'm getting my 'Infinate' bracelet  today  yayyyy lmao
oh yaaay today should be good  !
free ben &amp; jerry's today !  see you around guys !
@bloggernott @aureliom @itsdoug @nealschaffer @isweatbutter I am blessed thanks for sharing follow friday. I was evening shopping today 
btw i found a four leaf clover today!  (and a deformed one too)
@dianaisbomb : you suck @ going on twitter, love. haha, messing w/ jack was fun today 
there are days, like today, when it sucks not having a man around the house.  oh well, we managed, as usual! 
definitely noticed the first earthquake today, but the second happened while on the toilet... guess I didnt feel it  6 miles away for both
@diviroxx @crystaljtorres  today  is m show cant wait to see yall live tonigt, have fun in amsterdam  D:
@Georgeo27 @Georgeo27  i have no idea why it put your username twice, maybe i'm overexcited at the thought of my date today 
@calzer yeah thats the supposed chip shop. Never been before so will hopefully find out what its like today 
scoprio=You've got the world wrapped around your finger today. People want to be of service. *im feeling that way * 
it's not being who you are but what matters now is YOU today.  &quot;im so tired and hoping for a better change in time.&quot;
got to drive the live van today! it was the shiznit! 
heyyyyyy well today shall be interesting, can't wait to go see him, as for now I'm watchin a movie   // cool http://gykd.net
@leonblair didn't see u today... so, hi 
good morning world  today -&gt; hanging out with isi  haha
Heelo guys . played netball today won by 3   very bored,
@Kimberly_M_C awww I just wanna plsy with him n make him chase the laser!  yay I get to see u today!
@noangelvfc LOLOLOL! whats it saying? it wouldnt let me change mine yesterday. but it did today  hoorahhh.
goin camping today 
LOLLLLLLL had the best convo today 
@felixge: thx  It's a shame you guys are gone already. I automatically took 3 plates out of the kitchen today 
today:one wedding,one tv apperiance,now cooking some soup 
@razorianfly ur bday today? 
today gossip girl &amp; 90210 i love saturdays 
its @razorianfly's bday today! make sure you congratulate him! 
is bored and wondering whetha to go out today....hmmmm....  xxx
@sharlynnx hahah yeahhhhh :o normally my saturdays are boring as:') but today is exciting 
going through go glasgow today to see granny  hopefully some shopping will be at hand too.
@gemlani lol hey girl... I gotta change the pic today 
@akiville pls do. can i get one from a store here or order online? i'd want one today 
well last night turned out to be more boring than relaxing haha gona hit the shops today 
today i'm going to go out with veronica maicol e chiara!!!!!! 
yes, happy it's hot today... finally 
moms and pops come today.  taking my mgmt final then bringing the last of my stuff to the apt.
@pauliniunia hi :* i updated it today 
@peace_love_rosa YAY!! haha!  what are u going to do today?
good mornin .. goin down town today 
@MarkkB angry e-mail sounds like a plan, i sent one today aswell, made me feel powerful 
@rainycityroller  kick ass today! 
Didnt wana let his love go last night, but catalina today 
- Every so often I catch my own reflection &amp; think .. Now that's one cool son-of-a-b*tch .. today's one of those days 
hey everyone ;) sunny today so im off to town 
@ludajuice what's ppl always talking bout love today....... how bout how are you? n u really mean that u care. 
@viralradio i'll upload some more pictures later today  was really nice! thnx juha!
@eyarmer I love your profile quote. Everyone should share that attitude! I hope you woke up happy today. 
Wearing shorts today.  And currently making waffles for some incredible folks.  
happy saturday everybody :] still with my BFFLAFA today 
Celebrating with my closest peeps today 
woah!! wanderers is very festive today, looks like we're in for a big party!  #ipl
getting ready to go to bush gardens. and its suppose to rain today  oh well. live life to the fullest 
@ddlovato hi demi . you have good feeling today?? great 
is gonna lay out and enjoy the sun today 
crawfish boil today with briana  scotty is so cute...he's totally jordan/toby.
OK, I've been lazy enough.  To the garden til 2-3, then off to write 10 pages!!  You hear that?  10 pages today I say!  Annnnd go. 
might possibly get a puggle today. waiting for 12:30, keep your fingers crossed that the person before us doesn't want him.   
@RonisWeigh good luck!  I read your post, but kids are needy today!  congrats, will comment later 
prom today  getting read for all of that    clear your calenders for the 23rd ;)
I'm trying my hardest to be productive today. Moms coming in town tonight! 5k in da mo-nin 
@velmadaria how is my fav. writer doin today? 
oh, chicago public transportation... you and i have a love/hate relationship  (usually love, but days like today i miss my car haha)
lol i def took allergy pills and a nap today....   im so ready for tonights game!!
is going to lay out at the beach today even if its not sunny, cuz i can tan even with clouds 
@MariPeneh beautiful words of wisdom today... definitely a good look rev run 
daniela's confirmation was soo fun. (: today im going to have a picnic at the meadow hills golf course! 
made tea today &amp; it tasted well posh &amp; nice 
@Connyyy haha  that's awesome. so far they've only posted annemarie and sarah's pre-performance clips...it is so slow today!
@JadeLee_ ahhhh today was the bestest  can't wait for tmoz hope u can come  xxx
ahhh, its so nice out   hows everyone today?
@txcranberry ya my friends that volunteered to help me today are no longer speaking to me - I'm high maintenance  
became a fashion model today  liz ell
maybe i need a mac pc.   the weather was grand today.
btwayyyyyyy  I dingzed 79 today. I was determined to. I kept my elephant or turtle out the whole time.  hahaha, loves itttt.
@MagpieSparkles happy birthday  hope ur treated like a princess today xx
i got a bunch of random followers today lol. its all good tho. 
ok not so angry at computers now. have applied for 3 jobs today. woo 9 in the last 2 days  makes me feel accomplished sort of
pacquiao makes the philippines a safer place. no crimes today. amazing! 
with my haley. today has been good 
: cant wait for church today 
Morning all! I REALLY must catch up with my #followfriday stuff today! But first - more tea 
fingers crossed i can see millsy today  http://tumblr.com/xne1p9b1y
just arrive at home.hmm.let see what i bought today 
today was an effing great way to start may, I'm not gonna lie 
@jemimah_knight morning miss, you shld relax into the news today, no sudden typing, no sudden ranting ok... ease yourself in 
im looking forward to today. 
watching marley and me...he bought it today for 7 yuan   
@jessicaveroncia ohh me too girl. see ya today though 
@SarahCyrus yea weird.. i know ! xD but yesterday it was same... i woke up so early! ... im weird xDDD and today no tears hun okay? 
i have sooo much to study today grrr but i need to do it, i must do it, emmm hangover cuppa much needed  
says morning loves wont be on today michelle will be here in about a hour and 30 mins  http://plurk.com/p/ritcd
Seeing my girl today goin to be a year and 2 months tomorrow   Still dno how to talk 2 people direct on dis lol help?!?
Is getting ready for bed  Also my four followers its my birthday today so im super happy  im 20  ill keep an updating this throughout
anyone mind if i shoot @brydiekennedy and@henny_  for the jokes they were making today? 
@jkblacker good lord I am buggering things up today, fixed now 
@lynnakay i educated myself on the nascar website. lmfao. hope you all feel good today 
not getting laptop today  however just bought it one amazon instead, and daddy bought me 3 books as well to compensate 
excited for today! ....i get to wear a pretty dress and see my mom and dad!!!!!!!! 
mmmm, sunday morning  if I could do anything today what would i do? the possabilities!
going to the mall with timhill and kelsey today 
woke up at 2pm...okaaaaay. i need to get internet top up thingy cause this is very slow today... 
chillin with my girlfriend today 
@tylershamy wait....lol good luck today hahaha love you  hahaha
Just getting started today...  stretching to help sis in wheelchair...
have a really great bbq party today, thank's guys.. 
@annwhit its the weekend so does it really matter.lol and yes hes been v.good today.think i will forgive him.hehe 
i am ready for today, im feeling good 
Colleens today  gosh I'm a busy bee
jb at the bamboozle (did i write that correctly?) today? maybe 
getting ready to watch the mavs play today!!!!! hope they win 
great time last night.  today is my dads bday   think today i'm gonna just hangout and relax around the house...
@lalayu im making chicken noodle soup for the fam today, its not all that warm here today, but i love soup so im happy 
dirty dancing...omg abc family has the best movies on today lol 
@Marcweezy hey You! what's happenin today?! Anything fun? 
@kfirpravda  thanks... tough day today.  lots of pain. lots of meds...  should be better tomorrow.
is making cupcakes with the girrrrls today  go jesus go.
@coffeemike uhhh freshly baked bread will go perfectly with my earlier cooking today   http://twurl.nl/8cvpal
mia's house today! 
i almost got killed today! and i was on local tv with mr saalborn. 
@DonnieWahlberg have fun so wish i was there c u fri @ today show 
@IAMtheCOMMODORE you guys were absolutely amazing today. theres no better way to say it 
he asked me today cause joe would b driving.lol and practically the whole baseball team is takeing ppl and going. 
procrastinator. gave up doing my english homework. oh well, lol. today was productive otherwise. 
@dspecial1 lol nope! im full today  yesterday was ruff mannnn lol
staying home today  imma make some mi gorengggg
fell in love with la all over again today 
http://twitpic.com/4j03y - 1 of my fac shots of today! 
ugh. i finally get to chill. today was a rush. well, at least i feel like i did something. moms bday tomorrow. 
@DennisCharlesL hey pastor dennis! i just wanted to let you know that i really enjoyed your sermon in the chinese cong. today !! 
@mileycyrus my 5yr old dhtr loved your movie, went to see it today, you are a great role model,keep up the good wrk. 
Loving the fact that I got everyone pullin an all nighter with me today... ahhhh company 
flickr-ing.  maybe I won't be studying at all today cos I'll be off to see my adorable little cousin at 2 pm 
@crusaderz4life I hear ya - plus I worked 3 hard hours in the org. garden today - planting &amp; weeding 
@happyhammer66  yip!! typical bank holiday weather lol alright for some getting to sneak off early  at least i get [aid alot today 
@a_willow Congratulations! You are at No. 1 today.  http://tinyurl.com/cbmn5e
is sitting in bed watching everybody loved raymond   also looking forward to seeing wolverine today
@valerievirginia ohh tell me bout it, couldnt stop munching! my stock is running low, buying more today 
yaayy, cannot wait for today girls!  gotta get dressed this early, because were going early!
got the twilight board game today  good old ebay..
@URIENATOR go on msn. i need to talk to you about something that happened today 
@Gailporter congrats! You're the first person i've heard/read say that today 
*yaaaawwwwnnnn* thx to bank holiday... let's see what today has prepared for us... 
@4_idiots hahaha! I don't work in a strip club you know  alrighty mister, have YOU done any public may dancing today?
new phones just arrived in the office. not much else is gona get done today 
@sparklingshoes yeah it's my friends 18th today as well ^^ it's always like a running joke we have 
Official whine-tweet for today. Nothing specified 
im going to cardiff today. shopping 
@SarahAMurdoch everyone loves u sarah not just the tweeters! the today show couldnt stop raving about your beautifulness... 
@hiddenstar13 it is! ive done somethign like 200 updates today :S 
Just up  the longest lie in a while thank goodness, neck still painful but today i am going to head out (y)!
@emnorm ha ha, no, will be thankful i am not dragging them up a mountain today 
@EmmaJaney ohh, yeah well. im sick today so i win 
gunna spend today with my sexy best friend 
@NakedSoap @dandineen lol yep sure do... although I must get out the house today !!! 
@kiyomisu ya and i would have gained a few kgs by then.  what are you working on today?
we finally got our graduation gear today, i'm so excited. can you believe it? just 41 days left! aaah  and the sweater is so cozy
@Mateocamargo way i bought it today aswell now i have it twice cos i pre ordered it aswell  cya later x!
@kevin_puentez sikkkeee!!! I getting bose headphones for $1 today 
@whatswithinu I'm very much in tune with your words today. Thanks. 
Me and the calculator made lots of little algebra babies today 
staying afterschool today  not that i have any &quot;friends&quot; on here - but if i did , i'd tell 'em to text me ! lol [ likin' us &lt;3 ]
@invalid_reality morning trish, have fun today 
Handed out evaluation forms to my marketing 1 tutees today, one filled out that I was 'aloof &amp; condescending'! The rest love me though 
@Dreamyeyes Yes,i was red like a lobster for days-cuz im too pale- but today finally got a nice color ~~ 
@butterflydi i'll be back on it later today, got plenty of gold, but willing to help you out, if you need anything at all 
@catarino hah yeah I hear that, good luck today 
I'm gonna wear my new purple converse today 
@lilxklein i see you hannah klein!. lookin good today 
ready with learnin today!!! .. and now its twilight time 
good morning. today is my last day of &quot;freedom&quot;. back to work tomorrow. i'm sorta stoked-not stoked. but well. 
Hey the letter I sent finally came back today, ill stuff its contents in with the other letter and send it off to you tomorrow 
my mum would be happy to receive 2 handbags and a card from us today. heheee. 
Whoooooo I'm gettin' extra hours today    afterwards I'm gonna see if I can get some marigolds for my mum ^^
im so tired, we have a great time today together, thanks for all 
recorded some of a new song today! u wont hear it for a long time thooo... we might play it at shows tho! so comeeeeee 
My dad knows i got drunk today. And i didnt get in trouble. 
Tired even though i didn't do much today. glad we got to catch the second half of the cavs game @juicyjesso 
i think i might have got a little bit of a tan today 
Finished practicing for today. A bit tired.  http://tinyurl.com/pypof6
oh and I got my haircut today. I looove it 
today something amazing happened...I fell in love with coupons! 
I looked up some differents stuff for mine, today. 
Morning, up early to travel to today's game but reli happy my bro is coming to watch me  x
@thebirchtree i'll try sort that fabric out for you today...been a busy bee! 
today was boring...harry potter ftw 
i want to wake up early, and get a coffee tomorrow (today) !  it's going to be a busyy day! but have to keep writing.. booo whoo!
Oh yea, and I feel really feckin tired today ! 
with emma  going 2 see diversity today :O  x
Guess what the blue skies mean today?  http://twitpic.com/4wsj3
@dorothyjburt very well, nothing flash - but different to chocolate 4 a change. good 2 meet U yesterday  gr8 atmosphere &amp; discussion
@freshypanda haha drunk golf sounds *awesome*!! i predict a great score for today 
@aphrodaisy Thanks!   I'm making homemade lasagna for my mum today.  
@ashleyluvsjbvfc LOL how many stalkers today?you just love getting creepy stalkers 
@garylamb looks like a bull in a cage, @revolutionga b warned, he may preach ya out today!!! 
gosh my mum got spoiled today bcz i luv her soo much 
The sick thing is - I'm gonna do it again today 
on the laptop for a bit...video later today  does anybody else think when it rains god is pissing on us?
has a few things to do today..i love my william robert 
hanging out w/my momma today 
@gillynixon hah! I didn't get your @ until just now.. responded in the house today anyway how funny 
am soooo tired but not sleeping yet...not good!! did some more silk screen posters today...turned out ok  very andy warhol lol
new TV today? cant go less than 40in!  
@mileycyrus hey miley  its my birthday today! just wanna say thank you for everything! you are a great role model and.. have a nice day !
@obox today we saw potential, which they've got to concentrate on and just dont make any more silly decisions 
We more than likely can hang out today 
Aih, good morning and hv fun!!! today is monday 
My old tyme photos I took today  hehe! http://bit.ly/e9MFk
@angelajonsson CONGRATS on your run today! 
@maj1210 AH, i wish i could come over. you know what? imma run there starting now, haha. its nice out! yesterday was hot. today was warm 
just wakin up from a lil nap...see the lakerz lost today 
loved being with my momma today 
@justinbeam's nephews called me &quot;aunt anna&quot; today. that's just too cool. 
so today i pretty much did nothing! im going home tmw!! 
@miszsarahz congrats my dear. I feel it for you for this one  Details later today!!!
Thanks to everyone for helping me reach 2,000 subscribers today! 
@_dadondiva it WAS looking a hot ass mess, but he got it mowed today  lol
@taylorswift13 taylor, i just thought i'd say i listened to your music for over an hour today while cleaning my room..AND I LOVE YOU! 
@AndreaBall im following u too!!! lol just got on here today so im excited! 
got my cap and gown today!  5 more weeks and i'll officially be an adult! eeee scary thought!
Behind every thought, word or action is intention, today notice and be aware of the intention that drives you and how its serves. 
@xxandip morning  whats on the agenda today then?
lets see my one evening update for today will be.... #savechuck , listen to @jimmeatworld , tell people that u care and evrything will be 
I need to do some serious exercise today, hmmm, not out of choice but beginning to morph into a hobbit 
@featureBlend a maxi bmx hybrid - it's handmade  hope it will not rain today!!
@HouseHistorian I'm feeling kind of the same today. With me it's called painting madness. lol 
@_Cassiee i missed you today, i nearly cried :`) i cant wait to see you on saturday  i love you  x
http://twitpic.com/556ry - Kids, find out what's wrong with @druven 's picture today 
Feelg better today...a good night rest can do a lotta wonders 
I feel like wearing really high heels today for no reason  lookin forward to GYAL20 next week- message us for list peeps...
@sassyphoenix dad's back in town today! not sure whether we should all be nervous or excited! ha ha ha 
is picking up her new passport today... watch ou world - I'm back 
:yawn and stretch: mawnin twiddies!!!!! Up and at it already. And got that text I been waiting days to see  today lookin good already.
@TsepoKoko I just saw your msg now and I is at the gym now....I'm going r n b today so you won't be able to get a hold of me 
@louise__ I saw you today 
@sampad I quickly edited it ... phone pic anyway  .. but i feel so important today ;)
@asus_chaos I'm sorry you got to bed so late. We can take a nap together today. 
it's thursday! holy crap that means tomorrow is friday sweet, haha i'm in such a good mood today and it's also so gorgeous outside 
On my way to work....hopin today is as good as yesterday 
@EyekoBeauty Got my stuff this morning and i LOVE it gunna use everything for my sisters bridal makeup today  need more !
@iamdiddy - very inspiring today 
@KatyCaptivated like always.. :-P you're mean    wish i would be in england today...for the signing...bullshit.. instead i have to work...
@julie_saling sounds like you are in a mood similar to mine today! 
mmmm bagels. directing next, then off to fairfield for a potential job offer, and then rehearsal til late. boyfriend visiting today 
@rnoelhaney yes! But it's sunny today 
crap i didn't charge my phone. i feel so scrubby today. sweats, mocs, mismatching socks &amp; dhms shirt from 6th grade haha  oh, and my h ...
I'm wearing my chinese shoes today! LOL so how's everyone's thursday going? 
@dolcelaalaa dont have any shame, it made u what u are today, beautiful. Its nice, and it flows well with how u talk. I like it 
I am seriously loving my Decemberists seeded @pandora station today. The perfect relaxing background music to keep me going today 
gorgeous guy spoke to me on the train today mmmm 
some nice notes there mikey mate,  should of come to browns bay today i sold alot of my old notes for x5 face value 
@ThePISTOL I just googled you.. it's not your bday today.. wtf?? it's the 21st.. and NO, it's not creepy that i googled you.. 
sooo, today was fun  going to bed now. im ttiiiiiirrrrrrrredddddd! hope you all had an amanzing saturday
just got out from seeing the maine  super awesome! had so much fun! on my way back home.. pictures up as soon as i get home! loved today&lt;3
aaawh! todays delongeday! 
@elysion32  i am actually wondering the same thing, my son tyler came home today!! 
@baritonedavid btw, I know it's not today but who knows when I will be able to get back online...in case you were thinking I'm crazy 
i love K.A.'s beetle car: http://tinyurl.com/pag777 . sorry guys, if i'm tweeting a lot today. can't help it 
today was hella fun. went to sunnyside!  love my baby
i caught a fish today  and photographed the migration of a gazillion soldier crabs..
wel . today i woke up  had a scratch , then squezzd my boobs &amp;said Yaaaay! its my birthday , , , next year 
lolz, yesterday i tweeted the name katy perry like twice (without any @ or #) and today i got a new follower: @KatyPerry 
@ddlovato okay then here goes...hey nighthawk! lol  how are you today?
today rodeo dirve!!! i love it  some new clothes 
saw jonas brothers 3d movie today, it was awesome. 
@paulmason10538 check u 12000 nice one dude... it had cheered me up  up to much today???
@PhilippaJane There's another kiwi winner on shirt.woot.com today. 
@tessajames01  yeah and thats what i will be doing today just resting and chilling lol 
@fernit that is what I am hoping for! You guys must show me how to card it! I bough carders off ebay today 
ahhh sleeping in a bed without doghair&lt;3 im happy to say i cleaned everything today. goodnight 
@ThaPizzaClub hey, what are you doing today? maybe you fancy to meet me at the pferdemarkt? 
completed the big sleep out, felt ill yesterday but is ok today 
@rustyrockets im runing the race for life today please sponsor me? www.raceforlifesponsorme.org/kyrieallsopp it would make my day  xxx
@ladybug8320 Naahh my plans for today is having lotsa cuppas...stay in bed as long as i can...online shopping! 
bbq today, with dishy ben + people. veggie burger for me. then might go and meet zoe and the gayyyyys 
@julie_moore that's ok then  so apart from trouble making what else do you have planned today? X
Morning everyone. Going to start filmmimg  two other unboxing vids and hopfully will be up today 
@Fearnecotton morning fern, how be you? rain is evil dont get out of bed today 
@blogofinnocence finally managed to reach your sites. they are huge finds to me today! thx 4 using social technology. 
just woke up... tired. but, goin to the mall today. 
happy sunday!! wooohoooo the sun should be out today!! YES!! 
very much enjoying sitting still for a change today. the last 15 months felt like things have been non stop. did myself justice on friday 
I need to be productive today  Loads of bass playing? 
sunnnnny and rainyyyyyy today   chewing  really strong gum hah 
lets all pray for L.A today 
Is at my in-lawa again just hangin out, soon food yummiie  think it will be hamburgers today
hanging around the house today. text me if you want to do something  
ah muh god!! hangoverrrrrrr! starbucks is great right now  watching my friends graduation today
is graduating today!  yippee!
Just woke uppp, text me with plans yes? I want to haveee so much fun today so make it happen 
just woke up and listening to GN'R. about to have some breakfast  i wanna do something fun today...
Morning  I have to do my huck finn outline today ughh
@tweetles for sure! my voice is a lil gone today i think  It was awesome.. i didnt cry but it was awesome
i didnt really do much revision today which prob isnt a good idea seeing as the exmas are tomorrow...ah well ill be fine! 
damn  im lovin these nice ass days  ggp today?
whadddaaaaap twittaaa homayz! haha it feels like its been forever since i've been on! enjoy ur day today!... i'll be back in a bit 
Those pics are from a past attempt. But I did equally well even today, despite your concern about my crossed fingers  @asuph @abhida
just like i promised, 1 more follower today &amp; you guys get a shout out videooo 
the fact that i lost my phone doesnt bother me anymore. its sunday,time to chill.. how r u today? 
@afranks... i cant type today... but yes, i agree... rebecca, randing quiet and many gabaldon books are too  ....
for everyone competing at star systems in rochester today, i wish u the best of luck 
@FizzyDuck you've really made me laugh today, thank you, that's the reason I use twitter 
@lifeisamusical ah im fine!  what did you do today?
@xxlaurenbeexx yeah good plan  same here  wish they would hurry up aha been up to much today? xx
@EricHalliwell okay  getting today  yay
muhaha and that is the reason why i love mcfly and all my tweets today have been about them and i constantly sound like im stalking them 
@FashionLIFE lol! I just changed my avi to sumthin similiar...obviously we share the same energy today 
I came back home from the party at 6 a.m. hahaha I put my pijama on and I went bed!  And today I woke up at 2 p.m. :p
broke the 15,000 song mark on my itunes today. felt good 
I'd really rather be painting today.. then working, but that's ok.... I'm blessed to have a job that allows me to read, draw, etc 
home from my daddy's. turned in applications today, have an interview at miami subs on wednesday!!!  get@me, twitter-bugs, mwah!
paps are going now theres just 2... maybe well can go 4 a walk today 
@songbookbaby thats good and yes im better today 
Getting all purty for today 
A fellow actually offered me a seat on the bus today! I didn't think they made 'em like that anymore. Thanks, stranger! 
@laural20_ yeah the run was just perfect, thx  what are you up to today?
@chrisvanna http://twitpic.com/5egu8 - luckyy. i wish i was there. enjoy michigan.  lol although the weather sucks today.
What to do today??? Who's free? I'm bored and so far plan-less! I think I'm gonna sew something first. 
just got home from my double at work today, saw @momleelee there with lulu and the lovely caroline! 
@Erikazilla oh no lol just two, one is orange and white and then I have the gray one. I posted a pic on tumblr today. 
@bronte_saurus oh earlier today this woman near me was going keyboard crazy, typing so hard, music has gotten me thru the day 
@kensington_m5t it was so beautiful out today, I didn't mind the traffic.  plus I had just scored a new blanket for nothing!
@kbal24 didnt find too many hotties at the pool today but @arielspinner and i definitely had fun, nite 
today was ok then good then boring then really good then bad then ok now tired...almost ready to say that today was a bad day..but i wont 
should stop waking up at 4  get to see sarah today  i think someones messed the keys up. gonna see who my real friends are today as well
@PinkBerryGirl yeah that really yummy. But since today is raining i would prefer Champorado or Arrozcaldo 
I love calling jake, telling him everything i ate today, and having his re assure me that it's not a lot.  that's what friends are for.
LOL'ing at tha fact like three dudes, today alone, told me I blatantly play them, I'm always hearin dis , I don't mean it friends 
not goin to coll today.. heard tat tmrw s a holiday.. 
and I got a free tgp shirt from marlee today  thanks armadillo &lt; 3
@Pooopy can you sort out stuff for thursday today please?  have a goood day!
@SpaNkiEs25 awww... thank you  How are you today lil sister?
HAHA over teh top excited with life at the mo, had to sign my behaviour contract with the board today 
http://twitpic.com/5f1dt - I felt like looking awesome today 
my key today is yellow for the power of will and mind..... I think I'm gonna need it......but angels are always right 
this is my first tweet today :| just bought new jeanss and lush belt  oh and top
Morning all! V happy today after seein #girlsaloud last night, man u crowned champions and winning on my horse! 
omg....today was a good sunday....... now stuck here at work with the biggest heahache ever...thank god i work in a hopital...lol 
oh goodl luck in your physic test today ;) you can make it if you really want it 
ye birthday today ! 
off to school, but two hours today, thats nice! 
@kim1966 I'm really good, feel very positive today, even considering it's monday 
ee going shopping today  meeting qwee for dinner fisrt tho.
last at college woooo im loving today its all going so well lolz   also cant wait untill thursday its my birthday yey!!! 
@rainbowcrush ohhs thats cool. i have 1 class today at 1:10pm. 
good thing i didnt get my new glasses today, i just founf a coupon for 100 dollars off :O yay  im excited.
going  for a lng bikeride today more training for wales though very difficult in the fens,, oh well it all counts still I guess 
lol yeah haha today was awesome 
@PamelaGlasner happy today, had a good morning so far, u ok? can see u r busy 
@ericmblog I'm not sure of tweeter who can answer, but I'll pass on question to our #SpaceShuttle guys/gals @ work today. 
@mros01 lol. hahaha. i'm not really bored today. 
@BigDaws just the usual work...oh yea i hate today too!  x
Planning on doing things today! Starting with posting a thank-you letter, then buying soup/roll. Where will it all end? I'll let you know 
feeling happy and smiley today 
grooming up a bit at the salon before i pull an all-nighter later today.. gotta look pretty for my video con meeting of course 
@beckie0 but it's all good  need to choose a carpet today and stuff wooo haha. sluis soon yay can't wait.
not long got up an avnt got a clue wat to do today  x
look what my webcam can do   i am doing two shots today because i missed one on friday.    what can your... http://tinyurl.com/o6mntw
think I may head home via wagamama today 
@olianes: It seems that you are working very hard today. nice picture anyway 
Going to ikea today sweet  good food 
@smont yes, ty, as always!! are you feeling better today? 
@ticia42 heh i'm shocked i didn't get very drowsy, just tired. But i won't be able to work on the corset today unless i nap 
@limburger2001 afternoon!  you all outta bounce today?
@Kapuskasing When it snows (as you call it) we say &quot;It's a bit parky out, might need a coat today, will see how it goes.&quot;  
Wearing scrubs today. :/ I've got more txts so txt me! 
Hey darlings, how is everyone today?! I'm just munching on some yummy special k  kisskiss xxxxx
@spencerpratt keep posting what ur doinn lol I'm goin to the city today and I would love to meet you 
workin till 11 today!! 
@gofoboRSVPCodes could use one for chesterfield mo for terminator today if anyone has one, text it to me 3147808704 would appreciate it 
@jmkondrath ya, i'm sticking to microwavables and take-out today 
@milagro88 am happy again today ta 
i'm gonna buy a powerball ticket today yayyy 
going to class.. ttyl. hopefully making a video today. 
I think I use too many smiley faces in my tweets  I'm gonna cut back today and save those precious little guys.
I was almost late to work today. Luckily my mom woke me up. 
So no one is helping, s since today is victoria day in canada i will tweet canadian facts. 
hello guys today I'm very happy 
It's days like today that make me think 'global warming, my ass,' but I do believe in global warming...just not that it's manmade. 
knott's today!! whoo 
twitter, we're buying a house today!  if anyone is free this afternoon, we may need your help.
@GGInsider can't wait for todays episode 
Headed with the fellas to #innovatechurch conference which starts today. I'm probably gonna have 2 tell my&amp; @stacyneal story again 
yuck school today,i kinda want to go but i kinda dont want to go! oh well (thats life) 
@roliepolieoli@gabriel626@imalbertgrr@missweezybaybee we are all seeing no doubt today!!!! 
Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave and impossible to forget. &lt;3 monday again... no homework today 
@GrahamGudgin I did think about that...actually have a doctor's appt. later today.  Thanks 
sleepy.. but going to six flags today w/ weston. 
@bupperoni my music monday pick today is the black lillies. you should check them out 
cant wait! @markhoppus @trvsbrkr and @tomdelonge will be at leno today! 
can we run today!? i have to go to sh this week. &amp; maybe u could come &amp; help me with math on tuesday?? i love you! hope ur sleeping good! 
@FokusChicagoKid lol just regular excellent, I suppose. Just woke up feeling good, positive vibes so I'm going with em today 
@askelf ooo that sounds pretty! I can't wait to get my elf haul today! 
@cazp09 lol yeah its not that loud today though for a change  i have to suffer theres so they can enjoy mine  xx
I'm deleting my myspace today 
not feeling too good today... worte another 6 letters! .x. gotta keep them coming! any one want to help me yet?!  .x.X.x.
I have 2 presentations today. I'm very nervous so plz pray for me. 
@Zukumimefuok drive in movies sound fun  @ chelsea's skipping with victoria and chels. im sooo tired. off today 
im going to eat a bagel for breakfast today 
My sisters leaving school today. I dont wanna leave next year. I didnt have to put my toast inthe microwave today. I've got the nack 
My work here's done for today-ciao twitters until i see tomorrows sun  muah*
@Pepsieee well I google it, and one of the results was cleaning with eraser . And its working btw, I cleaned one button yesterday 
drawing at the tate today  woohoo
@brandonwronski chin up my man!  i got my ticket today! see you on the 19th  love you
feels a little better today - lots of vitamin c and should be back to normal 
WARNING: i am royally pissed right now.  do NOT get on my bad side today; or i WILL rip you a new asshole. love, angela 
@sowrongitsKazie wow! thats practivally unheard of! :o     ....that is, until today 
being up this eary is a chnage for me, seeing elleanor today/tonight 
I'm feeling lazy today - I have a new moto - &quot;Never do today what can be put off until tomorrow&quot; - yep sounds good to  me   
I get my braces of today thank goodness. I cant wait wooo 
@marteyo yeah, I have  I'm just not the smart head today -.- I'll check it out !
what's up today, peeps!? 
the rea molberts seems in much better form today, she was a bit down this week. she just kicked me when i tried to hug her, a good sign! 
http://twitpic.com/5oka6 - the result of my gardening enthusiasm today! 
I wanna wake up feeling beautiful today....~love this song by @ddlovato it makes me 
taking my wee gran out today....awww 
earlier today the trending topics were 'so you think you can' and staight under it 'save earl'. I found it highly amusing. 
@lilmissjanisha lol argh its killing  me, everyone is twilight crazed and I havn't even seen it! it actually comes out on dvd today 
@BlueEyedGirl18 hey  yer not bad thanks, you? up to anything interesting today?
@backstreetboys so today will u start answering to our quetions? (**) cabn't wait to see u!!   love ya guys!! love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! 
@Khaldounj yeah LOL  what are you up to today?
@sammartino still waiting to get that through the founders. i'm up for it  tell you later today.  you never answered me about brasil!
@Schofe so whos on the show today then phillip?? 
@jamieclark what, no scrubs today?! disappointing! aaah netbook/ebook. what did mum call it - lapbook?! 
Tgif! Manderzzz house later! And the shirt i'm gunna wear today is probably inappropriate but idc. 
lunch time  hahah i guess i wont be able to read much today
@hollywills Morning, hows little one today?  Should be nice weekend for taking the pram oout and showing off your lovely boy!! 
no raspberries today, lovely cherries tho 
@rmilana Lol, that was quick... I am gonna have some visitors today.. Dads bro is coming here  #coffeeclub
i ate a lot of icecream today.. and guess what? im still craving for more.. 
The camera won't be on today sorry 
I'ma try and get 700 tweets today 
gee, need to redo that flags photo, put a blonde doll in front of flags, will work on that today 
got to go home after 20 mins at work, at 6:20 am, had to walk, got sched for tmrw hooked up. goin back to sleep. today is so good already 
i am up and need to study today, goin to sisters later so should be funn 
@hiyer jus pray that the synonym doesnt prevail today 
wow thanks for all the follow fridays today, you lovely people promoting my hangover to the twitterverse! 
@elaboratedream thanx  so, what do you have in store for us today?  (and big kiss, wherever from me to you!)
apparently my boobies look scrumptious today....says my husband! 
today starts the madnesss. crazy weekendd coming up  !
@thenewbnb My real part today crossed 200 cool naa 
good morningggg. 1 final today, american studies, not too hard. band practice at my house tonight 
But I'm still expecting that good ok sunshine today  just bc it's beautiful...
oh, it's 09 a.m and I'm waiting my students.. It's friday, and after 2 p.m. i'm free to go! ehiuehueh' I really want to rest today! 
SUMMERRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!! vlog today!! woohoo! so excited!! 
@thismodernpanda I will do and yes its today - thankyou hun . Just went to bodyshop for some bits and got 3 free sample pots too 
@LatinaNichelle4 hey lavvy how r u today ? 
@kay_photography hey hope everything goes well today  x x
this girl @meganmo123 better be able to come overr. i want her to see my concert. omg. picnic today! 
i present today in gov :/ wish me luck 
is in sheffield  a day of chilling today followed by turning up as the surprise guest at a party tomo! yay!
alex pettyfer's new movie tormented is out today. watching it toniiight! 
At the office now - back into super lurk mode .. glad today's stage is .. well ... relatively flat 
YES talent show today!  -aaron
It's #Followfriday today so gotta start. Lots to do!! 
@jenniesloan1 understandable. maybe they're feeling charitable today 
leaves for san antonio today 
Morning sweetheart, lets do brunch today on me  @Janiqua
it's friday and i'm getting a puppy today 
@msgoofy1970: hahaha! have fun today...let me know how it goes. 
@iseedeadpixels my prayers are with donna and u guys today 
hope to sleep tight today .. hahaha .. 
ooc: *is looking forwards to the whole seeker-fleeing thing of today* 
@kristannevphoto &amp; @clumsyclover: btw I'm doing a fun photog project today, I'll 'challenge' about it soon 
@edit1media thank you for the follow friday - will post mine later today 
cant wait to see savannah today  i miss my sister!!! so excitedddd
I need to shake the sleepybear outta me; I have a lot to do today 
@chrishasboobs lol. someone's happy today. 
has officially left school, today was well sad  tonights going to be amazing tho! 
#FollowFriday time!  doin it a bit different today 
http://twitpic.com/5p3dj - me herbal tea for today 
@SpoiledLatina call me if you need anything..even if its just to vent!  ill call you when i finish up today.. may not finish til late
@WUNDAFAM She's doing a lot better today vs yesterday but we're still trying to stabilize her blood sugar level. Thanks for asking bro 
hopefully my sunburn will finally go away today.  interview at 3. tyler might come over if his bro can bring him.
@madeofhoney1 illl look again babies. how come ur not hungry? id be starving!  mm i wnna lay down all night like we did today
Anyone in a querulous (http://cli.gs/7JDsLe) mood today? Would love to hear you out! 
is in peru, and is 2 for 2 on good sro so far.  even the starbucks was drinkable today.
I went around for 5 hours today smelling like melted chocolate. It was very amusing seeing people trying to guess my perfume today 
@alydenisof of all the tweets today with similar sentiments, yours was my by far my favorite...straight forward and polite 
waiting for danny to go to sleep; doh; he shouldn't have taken that nap today..lol 
today the uefa champions league final 
i'm in a really goodmood today,he keep sent me message,school nice,watched angels&amp;demons for free hihi 
hello tweets  been &quot;history revision&quot; at school today, not mcdonalds at all.
@mumu_am good morning, aree!!!  i hope your therapy goes well today!
minimal tweets today. trying to get to bed early; courtney comes to visit tomorrow 
I got my ears stretched today  im quite excited for my ending result  W0000
@taylorswift13 KiddKraddic was bragging on you today. Because of that, I'm going to buy your cd and see what the fuss is all about. 
oh and maybe i'll tape today coz they'll say.. and tomorrow on.. then i'll know!! hehe 
is sittin at the house with logan! glad we won our games today and ready for the weekenddddd 
@DonnaAstern feeling very peaceful, haircut yesterday....facial today....who is that lady in the mirror..... nice me time 
wonders what everyone plans on doing today?  http://plurk.com/p/wx9lm
today is a good day. it started out with my daddy making me coffee &quot;pappy-style&quot; 
@TheDEXpress For today, I think. I'm not sure if it's going to be a regular thing. Haha bawi sa siomai 
@Locococomoco sweety we do next week! im thinking of not showing up at all today! haha! hilarous call this err afternoon! 
my dad became an australian citizen today, he wont stop saying aussie aussie aussie, i may have to deck him 
@crystaljo330 anytime...well not really anytime, but I'm happy I was useful for something today! thanks for talkin 
today was a good day! I gotta see my boo ainsley today! 
augusta team: Thanks everyone for coming out and watching us today! We really appreciate all the support!! 
is happy that today is a good friday, don panic, be happy 
morning folks, looks like its going to be a scorcher today. I will have to get the speedos looked out tonight 
yey its getting a little bit cold today unlike the previous days.. 
Driving was great today, much unlike my past few lessons. I'm in a good mood now  - http://tweet.sg
@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/666si - She rocks - apparently for me every one and everything rocks today 
Its payday today! woooo! 
@liamgallagher you should get noel some pretty green for his bday today 
Just about to get 20 odd questions ready for the man who is going to be teaching me for a bit today about some sofware 
is gonna move out today.....bin bags here i come 
@da_evil looks like some1 busy today 
work up at 6.45 today :S oh well got a new sim card so its all good 
Looks like the girls will be out in force at #tuttle today with @cupcate @little_chilli @duelund_dk @katematlock  (via @technokitten)
oh by the way... I am NOT working today   
Obbsessed out today...!  woop woop!
@pluggerguy yeah - i saw that on the internets today. listening now 
@chris83 yay  hopefully my copier fixing skills from today will help!
sister comes today!!! so excited and later picking up cap and gown for graduation on monday 
today's message in the church service was delivered via skype's free service, technology is really cool. blessing via wi-fi 
