Most common words for this cluster:
[('tomorrow', 1324), ('day', 724), ('night', 269), ('morning', 184), ('today', 145), ('time', 117), ('weekend', 98), ('week', 85), ('tonight', 77), ('hours', 53), ('days', 52), ('work', 50)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'tomorrow', 0.8467321395874023), (u'day', 0.749397337436676), (u'morning', 0.7050186991691589), (u'tonight', 0.6867506504058838), (u'afternoon', 0.6772052645683289), (u'night', 0.6625996232032776), (u'week', 0.6532265543937683), (u'Saturday', 0.6530762314796448), (u'Friday', 0.6519089341163635), (u'weekend', 0.6346849203109741)]





I had such a nice day. Too bad the rain comes in tomorrow at 5am 
sleep soon... i just hate saying bye and see you tomorrow for the night. 
is ready to go to bed..long day tomorrow 
packing my overnight bag for tomorrow, going to the hospital 
In bed. Finally!  Long day tomorrow 
so tomorrow/today finishing up hmwk, getting over being sick, then getting ready for another day of school tomorrow 
It's depressing to start your day knowing you're not coming home until tomorrow night.  
@wzzmypantz 12 hours + on doing 3 of my assessments which is due tomorrow 
33 precious minutes with my one and only then no more til tomorrow 
@RachelFerrucci good luck tomorrow!  I wish I could be there  I thought about a road trip for about 5 minutes today then reality took over
working all day tomorrow   watched almost all of state of play tonight and it was REALLY good.  i'd rec it.
i feel really crappy. i hope i'm not getting sick, i have a full day ahead of me tomorrow. 
most random night ever, last day at the birch tomorrow.. 
it's a beautiful day and I'm going to go in to work!    But, I'll enjoy the sun tomorrow, so it's okay.
I don't want tomorrow to be the last day of break 
@ladywestfall to answer your question...i didn't wake up till 1 pm yesterday so i didn't go hiking  next weekend?  down?
is goin to bed nooow. night everyoneee. &lt;3 last day of freedom tomorrow  sooo depressed about that.
In bed listening to ipod, not looking forward to yet another day of french revision tomorrow 
in breck... its still dumping! tomorrow's the last day for parklane 09  partytime in town tonight!
what a long day!! One show tomorrow, and then back to school for the week! 
last day of break tomorrow 
reading a really good book... tonight and tomorrow night are the last nights in my bed for a week  bed-- i'll miss you!
Going boarding tomorrow... last day of the season 
good night! tomorrow it's back to reality - vacation is over 
trying to wake up... soo tired. busy day again tomorow,,, 
 6........tomorrow's  a new day...
i didnt tweet today bc i did nothing. and now i sleep. tomorrow= last day of break 
going to bed now...for 6 hours at the very very most.  need to get so much work done tomorrow... 
@dezsays  i'm here! but i cant watch for long i have to wake up at five tomorrow morning 
Going to do battle with rush-hour traffic tomorrow.....  not so much fun....
Morning. Today and tomorrow are going to be hell .... need to cram 2weeks work into 2days before i go back to school on tuesday 
Off to bed, otherwise I'll never be able to get up tomorrow morning. Mondays are the hardest! 
not looking foward to waking up at 6.30am tomorrow  wish i had more than a week off uni 
@nickylaa  I have a verly long day tomorrow 
giving drilling for chinese literature test tomorrow morning one last shot.. 
am now going to bed as i have to get up really early tomorrow to go back to uni classes... while my siblings have a week left of hols! 
Is gonna relax all day today before returning to work tomorrow! 
just woke up. had a fever last night  100.5. need an adventure today. 
trying to enjoy my last day of spring break...it's back to work tomorrow! 
@heidimontag studying for my finals in medicine  its surgery tomorrow but i have had amigraine most of the day. need divine intervention
have been in tanto in stockholm with my friends today. had a great time  but now i'm extremely tired. and easter break's over tomorrow 
I'm gonna mis twitter for da week .. I can't use it til Saturday... I'll miss u twitter        
wishing my baby didnt have to sleep all day and go to work tonight 
ok i finally feel easy enough to lie down! i hope i can make it to class tomorrow  ...well today now i will see! night my twiggas!!
going to bed, tomorrow is going to be along day 
I don't want spring break to end  4/20 tomorrow...let's do somethinggggg!
going to terrigal tomorrow... these may be some of my last twits for a few days 
wants a full day practice tomorrow  marchinggg
my planned day of intense productivity has failed before it started, oh well, lets try again tomorrow. 
Moving early tomorrow morning..  I want sleep!
@DaynaHart i have a horrible feeling i'll be up very late today as well and i have a 9am lecture tomorrow as a prep for 3rd year stuff 
@mileycyrus why? What did you have going on? I'm sorry your day was bad  take off tomorrow!
just got back from uni, had the craziest, wackiest day ever, and so not looking forward to tomorrow's classes. 
i dont have my mobile today, my dad accidently took it to work with him, so wont get it back till this evening 
I have exam tomorrow morning 
going to bed...studying allllll day tomorrow 
@lesley007 . am ok feeding my face as you will see in my piccy... last day tomorrow back to heathrow. 
It has been raining all afternoon  hope it's not like that tomorrow. i need more exercise!
good night, i guess.  more studyzilla tomorrow 
@saralouise yeah for me, ben has today and tomorrow off and maybe the rest of the week, too! and i was sick all night and most of today 
is still awake at three in the morning, with a nine a.m class tomorrow. I'm tired, but can't sleep. I miss my mommy. 
needs to sleep after a day of packing, moving, and frantic stress...wish I didn't work tomorrow. 
Should I force myself to stay up the rest of the day, to sleep well tomorrow night? Or go to sleep at 5 am again? Decisions. 
one full day of carpal tunnel then leaving 74 braemore forever!!   home tomorrow night, @jackibreen what's on the go??
6 dayyys. And last exam tomorrow...this is going to be the longest day in liife. 
after being off for 3 days, finally back to work tomorrow 
feet are killing me from a long day of work - not looking forward to tomorrow and sunday 
- big day of putting in a dock tomorrow.  60 degress outside, but the water will be much colder than that! 
Going to sleep, rainy day tomorrow 
That's probably enough for tonight. A full day of this awaits tomorrow. 
just had an amazing time tonight. now dreading my detention tomorrow  ahh save me!
didn't buy anything  but was good to be out on such a gorgeous day.. now thinking of what to wear 4 tonight
Tired. . . Not looking forward to the really long day tomorrow 
Just ate lunch. I'm probably gonna take a shower now. It's been so nice weather the past days. Unfortunately it'll rain tomorrow. Buuhu 
@checkers - ah, bummer, marina has been sick all week, so you may not see her tomorrow 
Its going to be a bad day tomorrow 
wish i didnt have to work today...perfect poolside conditions  o well, tomorrow is another day
@vivavelo I'm supposed to ride 2 hours and it'll be cool and showery here tomorrow too.  
time for me to get some rest. tomorrow we'll see if this weather report is at all accurate. if it is, no photos 
the weekend is too short, I have to go home tomorrow! 
tomorrow's laundry day. 
: really not looking forward to taking two 4 hour online A&amp;P tests tomorrow 
doesn't want the weekend to be over. I don't want tomorrow to be a work day again.  http://plurk.com/p/ri01s
weekends over back to work tomorrow 
@dneez310 mine has been coolbut  I work tomorrow  but had a chill laid back day today. I sent you an aim earlier. *evil eye*
tweeeeeeeet, i can see summer coming, till it rains tomorrow 
Just realised the deadline is *tomorrow* not the day after.  
late late start to today. too much ayaotd &amp; mighty ducks last night. 
i have an english book to read by tomorrow morning  i dont think i will be able to roves on
went to my mates wedding last night, it was a great day ! the evening party was cut short due to grant starting work at 5am today 
Studying all day...got my physio psych final tomorrow 
just woke up...fabubously perfect day yesterday...sadly working on an essay for tomorrow 
need to get ready for the day, lots to do before going back to work tomorrow! 
@Dreagirl619: Haha i whooped him on guitar hero last week. I hope we're not still sick tomorrow 
bleak... long day tomorow 
I hope today stays slow and we can leave right at 9pm so I can wake up at 4:30 tomorrow morning 
@monsanchez I think I'll go for a little while, I have a doctors appointment early tomorrow morning 
still wishing i was at bamboozle today  missing some amazing bands like a day to remember, there for tomorrow &amp; versaemerge
I'm so ready to go home and end this day! Too bad I'm here in this hell hole tomorrow too 
i forgot i have an away tennis match tomorrow. my day off has been ruined.  
sadly has to get off of twitter till tomorrow morning... 
where did the weekend go?!?!  Not looking forward to a 10 hour shift tomorrow 
Going to bed, tomorrow is another day.  The weekend went by so fast. 
Working on the final assignments due tomorrow, but I still have more to do in the coming weeks. 
11 hour work day tomorrow  and tues. and wed. I will need a huge marg. Tues &amp; nachos.
is excited about going to work tomorrow so i can actually be productive .... such a wasteful day 
tired....very tired...surgeries all day tomorrow 
doesn't want to go back to that horrible place tomorrow. She had such a wonderful weekend and now she has to go back to being miserable. 
@stoya  hope tomorrows a better day.  the good news is tomorrow starts in 55 minutes.
Unfortunately an eventful evening for my friends :'(  hope all is better in the morning.  I will have to investigate the parade tomorrow 
i feel really sick, and finals start tomorrow  .... hopefully i feel better in the morning, otherwise ill probably fail my exam, ugh
burning up the night here as always. will i ever get 2 sleep at a decent hour?   have a fabric order to do tomrrow. busy day 2morrow!
going to bed. hoping tomorrow will be better day..... but it probably won't. 
@kevamore i miss you babe i will be home tomorrow night 
is going to try and get some good sleep tonight so I can study all day again tomorrow 
this is stupid; i have a million things to do, and all i can think about is relaxing tomorrow night: cuddling, supernatural, and shyammy 
the weekend is over and i didn't finish studying.  i'm sleepy and i've got an early class tomorrow.  
Long day tomorrow!! I just wanna lay out by my pool 
I has to give a presentation tomorrow. ...I has to make the thing tonight. I has to get up in 7.5 hours. 
another nightmare last night... so many things to do today, a crappy day tomorrow, please help me ... 
I hope I have my period by tomorrow -__- I don't want it during prom! 
good morning...!!! i have to start doing some studying if i want to pass tomorrow the test  
Going to bed, long day of homework ahead of me for tomorrow 
@jennnamarie_ dying of a migraine...that time of the month therefore raging hormones  But I'll be there tomorrow
@JoeMacRocks Aw, well enjoy your day! I'm working tonight 
had a great day i missed so many people and didn't realize how much until i saw them dont want to work tomorrow 
Has just finished a 13 hour day and has to do another tomorrow 
@zorro357 it's a good idea!! &amp; i should stay awake all night. but tomorrow i have to wake up very early! 
Going to bed now...tomorrow is my big cram session! 
legal quiz tomorrow morning 
i cant wait to go formal dress shopping tomorrow... this week is going to be awsome if i could just be all better... 
twitterless week begins tomorrow 
nooooo, its sunday and i have work tomorrow  AARRGGHHH ! such a nice day though not raining!
i'm dreading tomorrow. tests all day for 5 hours  hopefully my mcfly dvd will come so i can watch it after school 
commencement shall start in a half hour. today is going to be way too long. Only 1 hr of sleep and no food till afternoon 
It's sleep time early to work tomorrow 
getting to bed early, 7 more hours of travel tomorrow morning.  I won't be connected very well where I'm going... 
@MrsSparrow We leave tomorrow night to return to the real world. 
i have to work all day and wake up early tomorrow 
@akr93 same  i have a 3 hour paper due tomorrow :s and english lol!
is leaving montreal tomorrow  ... back in 2 weeks !!
going to watch keeping up with the kardashians then going to bed. class all day tomorrow! 
@sixinthenw go ahead  we will be colder tomorrow night  going to have to put plastic on raised beds then, poor maters #twitter4vg
wow. i haven't tweeted in 10 hours. i'll try to do better tomorrow. 
@maybelline14  *hugs* definitely ready for a new week. #canucks will win tomorrow!
I am never sleeping tonight and tomorrow is a long day 
okokok decision in the works, but tomorrow is another day 
just realized her permit expires tomorrow  ahh sad day
all-nighter and then two tests tomorrow morning bright and early 
Is not looking forward to working night shift tomorrow 
Watching the twilight zone i love this show.... Hopefully tomorrow is a better day 
had a bad day today, sick and tired  .but im looking forward to tomorrow. it should be better! well goodnight
@ThePerfectSpot I wish I could!  Unfortunately, I'll be writing tomorrow night. 
going to bed...super long day of studying tomorrow 
studying, power nap, then studying alllllllll day tomorrow  why do finals have to suck so much?
Please don't make me drive to madison tomorrow morning 
not looking forward to sitting at the damn airport all day tomorrow!! 
really REALLY misses him  and it hasnt even been a week yet..ughh. job interview tomorrow, imagine my excitement.
@verwon yes  I can't wait til tomorrow night. Then I'll just have one more and it's easy.
@spldrttngrl spent all day attempting to study but really just wasting time. i have a final tomorrow that i am completely unprepared for 
Night people..(Praying for a better day tomorrow) 
tummy ache  but am hapy tomorrow i'm on leave, i can rest the whole day at home!!
very scared about this afternoon and tomorrow 
Oh god, I think I'm sick. Why do I have to be unwell the day before I do higher English? If I'm ill tomorrow I'm not sure what I'll do. 
No class tomorrow but I have a 3 hour meeting. 
Being punished for knowing too much...I have to work tomorrow while everyone else gets the day off 
Still sick and unhappy about it. I must run 2 hours tomorrow. I'm worried. 
@isacullen so now i have to go back tomorrow. to do a crap 4 hour shift. on a day i thought i had off. 
good day with kids - thanks maryn! swimming tonight and no nick tomorrow  I will make it through the day, i will make it through the day..
2 papers due monday and i work 8 hours tomorrow. 
morning everyone! it's time for me to study for exam tomorrow huhu, i guess today is gonna be a boring day 
tiering day today. worked from 8 till 530, came home and chilled out. hope i get to talk to my papasito tonight.. i miss him so much 
Also a day I don't want to end because I'm not at all thrilled about working tomorrow. 
@CherryCreekWine They're predicting frost tomorrow night too 
sooo bored.. i miss @MahoMushi  3 months tomorrow!
That was amazing but so sad the same time. &lt;3 tomorrow is going to be one of the hardest days ever i think 
good night..had an exhausting day  need sleep for the big day tomorrow..2 games 7!!!!!
yay for girls nights, do I have to work tomorrow 
is going to do a full day of revision.. not looking forward to the maths exam tomorrow at all!! 
Thinking this weeks hospital appointments et al will prob halt plans to attend #EdTweetup tomorrow - babysitters etc... damn bad timing 
@angelashushan good luck! i have one tomorrow afternoon 
Packing  leaving tomorrow night.
Its monday tomorrow  But its only 7 days until the weekend! Yay!
last night was amazing but i am so tired! no rest today though 
i really hope nothing bad happens today, last night scared me 
living the day,illustrations to do, and behind schedule...tomorrow final exam of statistics!!! totally dying here 
Doing laundry cuz I was lazy yesterday and put it off till today (if I didn't need clean scrubs for tomorrow I'd put it off another day) 
Spending time with the twin before she has to leave tomorrow 
It's going to be a great day! Finals start tomorrow 
had a really bad day  hope tonight is better
wow after 10 hours of working on spanish homework I am finally done! Until tomorrow... 
goodnight! when I wake up tomorrow morning it will officially be the last time I wake up for high school. wow I can't believe its over 
is not looking forward to work/homework tomorrow...  Hopefully next weekend will be awesome...
Yay I don't work tomorrow. Hopefully stina stays another day. I don't want her to leave 
Maths exam today. didn't get much sleep last night aswell  bad day so far.
sleep finally....week starts tomorrow 
I hope I can keep my eyes open today. And tomorrow and the day after tomorrow... and so on 
Is having a lazy day got a 12hr shift ahead of me tomorrow 
Another weekend over...........back to the grindstone tomorrow 
Challenging shift today following a difficult night shift. ORCON is against us 
*big yawn* last day of being lazy and lounging by the pool tomorrow at plalla de geiser 
I want tomorrow off because none of the team will be around all day - small chance though 
And a funeral to bury another old friend tomorrow...it sure is one hell of a sad week 
Could have slept better last night. Today is going to be a rough day...viewing 4-8 and funeral tomorrow 
now at the end of long weekend, back to work tomorrow 
third day in a row I have not slept well , I would like to know what is bothering me   very tired..no gym tonight I will just crash
I am sooooo dead after working 14 hours.. can't wait for bed!!! The best thing is that I am going to wake up and do it all again tomorrow 
fun monday morning surprise: class starts tonight, not tomorrow 
i am 2 months out with my project plan, have to get it within acceptable timings by tomorrow morning 
Last day, but still won't be home till tomorrow 
Last 3  days of training starts tomorrow 
meghan leaves today &lt;/3 so so so sad. i love her. singing at church tonight then long night at work 
Helping people as I always do  get my results tomorrow afteroon  too scary for me
3rd interview of the day in about 10 minutes.  i have 4 more scheduled today. 7 tomorrow. and more being set up. ugh 
@deathburlesque also tomorrow night are you free to talk? I miss you.  if not then some other day soon. lol. ILY
i think i'm the only person that takes naps at 8 pm.  haha i'm craving mini golf.  might go tomorrow night!! @bolten727 don't leave 
@mrtrev might be following your lead, party tomorrow &amp; I've woken up full of cold this morning 
It is a good night outside. I wished that I didn't have to go to work tomorrow. 
@bigenya ow i just got it! it's night at the museum 2! i'll definitely watch it! question is - today or tomorrow? 
@powerofpop You have a weekend, I have to work tomorrow. 
does NOT want to work tonight  or tomorrow  or the day after that for that matter...
@Bleuu im not at the beach. i have to work tonight and tomorrow night 11-730a. and then again on memorial day. 
@seankelley Thanks! I'll be driving alllllllll day tomorrow. 
@ApeO13  shoot I'm dealling with same if it's what I think LOL- gym tomorrow -2 hours - I need it!!
says good night! i'm tired. it's a work day tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/vi84d
almost done for the day, but have to do some more work tonight and tomorrow 
i'm missing free comic book day tomorrow 
is having a hard time functioning this morning  but promises to pull it together for tonight!!!!
Relaxing! I dont want the weekend to end tomorrow 
More to do to prepare for the birthday party tomorrow...still not a lot of computer time today   But he's worth it!
@BluesDrive I've been up very late three nights running, and I want to go to bed, so I can get my assignment completed tomorrow. 
@charchaos But I don't think I can! Don't think I'll be going to work tomorrow but I'll need an early night. All I want is a reply 
going to bed now, work tomorrow, then a wondeful evening with the happy couple that don't stop smiling! 
Sickness is no fun  and tomorrow morning is going to be busyy.
goodnight twitterfolks. I had a lont day today. and tomorrow will not be any better 
I work tomorrow night... i don't feel good 
@futuresandwich no not yet! tomorrow afternoon 
@FuMikechu I'm going to get magic cards tomorrow very very far away  maybe next week??? must start scratching museums off list!!!!!
thinking about my dad.  One month tomorrow 
dia heavy  ..! luck tomorrow a new day
going up north for the nigth then coming back with the murano so that i can move out tomorrow. only a few days of freedon left 
I wrote 2 songs but I don't really like either of them too much.  oh well, tomorrow is a new day and maybe I'll edit them.
i really wish school ended tomorrow like everyone back in windsor...still 3 more days next week  
bonfire sucked...  going in for surgery tomorrow morning... I have to be there at 8:15.... AH! lol
 Hopefully tomorrow will be a better day
 hopefully tomorrow will be a better day
Yes. It is 1:30 am, I am still awake, and I have a long day tomorrow... So much for a good nigh's sleep 
@theycallmerara tomorrow?  cant it be during the week?... aboohoo. i have plans tomorrow night sorryyyy
night everyone. finals tomorrow  2 done--4 more to go
@kimberly625 hmmm, I thought u were sleeping!! Too bad I can't see those videos until tomorrow night. 
I don't think I will be able to get out of bed tomorrow morning  we will seeeee!
I am going to die tomorrow night.  @emilazy should be here.
Up early again tomorrow... heading to bed now. I keep saying I'm going to take a midday nap, but it hasn't happened this week yet... 
And trash repops.  Getting it tomorrow night I suppose. 
class color day tomorrow! last time!  I have a lot to remember for tomorrow but I bet I'll forget -_-
@ubuntugeeks good morning to you!  No wait, its evening.  You still have a whole day of work to go before the weekend! 
Loving the weather this weekend, shame i'm back into work tomorrow 
Moving office tomorrow after 3 years at this one, its a sad day 
@JaneHungOz hope the presentation went well today?! tweet me if yr on campus tomorrow - I'll be around from lunch time onwards 
says ...tomorrow is another day...  http://plurk.com/p/x1pxh
last day off... back to work tomorrow 
@mechellelewis Are you shattered after that long week?  Thats a pity about tomorrow night 
I plead temporary insanity for agreeing to a metric century cycling event tomorrow.  
good night..have to get up so early tomorrow 
ready for the weekend and sad that I have to be at the office again tomorrow morning 
time for bed.....got some learning to do tomorrow with an early start  night night good people xxx
@marykeegin I've been here since 3 and i'm here for 8 more hours tomorrow 
whaaay, first day on my own tomorrow. this should go well 
So tired and I have 17 hours to work tomorrow 
really tired. and have to work the whole day tomorrow, the thought of it depresses me.  uncoooool....
i am going to miss sandy so much when she goes back to taiwan tomorrow, and sad i can't go to the air port in the morning to see her off 
working a 12 hour day tomorrow ... after i finish this 13 hour one today ... friday night fail .. 
tomorrow is my last day at the beach 
@NeonFushiaStarr Awwh, no, I have, uh.. other plans, for this evening, but I am going to miss MeatGuild very sadly 
this is my last tweet of the day, so goodnight twitter world! i hope i'll be better tomorrow! 
done 4 today.... i smell a bad day for tomorrow...hope not ! 
eyes closing. i don't want to sleep. actually, i don't want to wake up to a very boring, busy, uni-related day tomorrow 
Graduation tomorrow night. 
wow.. its been crazy lately.. but i love every minute of it.. until i go to work tomorrow  lol..
is about to watch closer. reffing tomorrow morning 
back from the beach   pool tomorrow, and operation pack my life away begins tomorrow evening
@zacwoodward i work all day everyday. 2-11 tomorrow &amp; 12-6.30 on sunday. 
so tired , editing picture.. ahh.. wonderland tomorrow morning waking up at 8  no rest for atlest 4 weeks straight, besides tuesday 
@jubiesparklez she has a fever and she has a santacruzan thing tomorrow evening 
Productivity starts tomorrow. I didn't realize I had so little time before school starts. No more laying in bed all day 
@ really doesn't want to work tomorrow  I just want a week off, that would be awesome!
To bed early to prepare for a day of writing papers tomorrow. 
In for the night training all day tomorrow 
@williewox haha you're right, I probably don't these days  Also I have too much stuff to do tomorrow
This was an unproductive day!  gym tomorrow morning.
@spaznuttklee Clearly. But I can't get one until tomorrow morning. 
@gerard_k no sorry. long day today and tomorrow.  maybe tomorrow night?
another night of getting home at 2-last day tomorrow  one more patch of hot curlers and bobbey pins...
tomorrow is the last night of the musical! 
has work from 9 til 6 today  then work night out wooo!!
my baby has to work tomorrow  i have the day off
sooo much fun!! i have a tournament tomorrow really early in the morning 
raining for 3 successive days! oh nooo  i hope fine tomorrow! ;)
working tomorrow  vicor of dibley and v. what a nice night,
glad that they are spendin the night, sad that tomorrow i'll be home again 
@smittyhalibut will be out there tomorrow as well!  I've only got about 4 hours to take it all in though 
Doesnt want to go to work tonight...and its my first day. 
busy day, got jensen photo in 10mins (!!) &amp; their talk was hilarious. tomorrow is going to be queues galore  how#asylm
@choceclaire sorry but I cant do quiz tomorrow night, busy all day today &amp; tomorrow &amp; just know I will be too pooped to do anything 
getting ready for the beach this weekend, be back tomorrow. I need more sleep &amp; fooood before I leave... 
I hate working late shifts,especially to half 12 at night sucks and same tomorrow  I want a new job
late nights, early mornings  ..it's okay today should be fun !
@evrygrlndshrprl miss youuu  ugh I hate having no service. driving back (15 hours) tomorrow!! I am notttt okay
thinks it's a beautiful day. shoulda woken up earlier to tan  hopefully tomorrow...
@riesquared I can't go to ikea. work called me in yesterday and it messed up my weekend. wednesday okay for you? so sorry 
had a grand time last night ,  have to wake up early tomorrow morning 
4 days' vacation comes to the end  i have to go to work tomorrow
lalala... wishing i spent the day with him instead of meeting up at 5  hoping he doesn't see her tomorrow, too.
good evening watching rugby, headed home early for a earlier start tomorrow 
Sleeps late tonite and wake up early tomorrow morning. 
8:30pm my son is already sleeping: at what time is he going to wake up tomorrow morning? 
@McFlyingGirl  last day of the hoildays tomorrow  r u looking forward too going back ???
too cloudy and potentially stormy for a motorcycle ride today   staying in and working instead.  maybe I'll have my weekend tomorrow?
off to bed soon, very tired and had a long day, plus some people have to work tomorow 
@peterfacinelli i'm gutted that i'm working tomorrow night. I wont get to see the show 
 can't go swimming 2 day..mabey tomorrow..
Is off to bed, has she has got along day tomorrow with maths and geography revision  night xxx
 Last day of the holidays tomorrow.. Depressing!!
So umcomfortable...zoning out ugh.  day off tomorrow!
Last day of my holidays tomorrow. 
@Kcatz sfo  .......back to seattle tomorrow night
will sleep and get up early tomorrow, hard day 
tomorrow, be flying to manila.  has it really been two months?
good night twitterland! tomorrow's going to be a very boring and tiring day. bio revision all day. 
after the night she had..really doesnt want to go to work tomorrow 
Finally a break, trully dreading the 11 hours tomorrow now. 
2nd grad party of the day! Three for tomorrow, but I can only attend 2 
Too bad I got a paper due tomorrow otherwise I could keep partitin all night 
worked all night. work all day tomorrow. 
booo, not a great day for my teams,  sooo upset right now, but tomorrow is a brighter day, and hopefully Penguins are gonna show up =]
@DylanTheWeiner I've missed talking to you  will deff call you tomorrow to see if I can come up and see you this week.we need to catch up
funn day. really tired, going to bed. homework day tomorrow 
working tomorrow....on my day of rest 
I have to wake up at 5:30 tomorrow morning. 
Such a long day calls for a long rest right...nope just calls for tomorrow to be just like it!!! 
tomorrow will be one month since my mom died. i miss her sooo much 
almost passed out at baccalaureate  feeling better now plus graduation is tomorrow afternoon!
Last night, travelling tomorrow.  
tomorrow's my last day of vacation 
tomorrow is officially the last day of our vacation... 
@BrolicAlcoholic lmao yes i do. im on some lonely shit  its all good tomorrow is a new day
Sundays never feel like a holiday so I'll be preping for tomorrow and writing reports 
awake uber early this morning  then the same tomorrow intentionally! 8am starts... why?!
Going to spend all day revising for exam   Hopefully it'll pay off tomorrow. We shall see...........
Slightly annoyed I didn't do my presentation for tomorrow before now. I will be stuck inside on the laptop all day. 
my head is still bleah. early night tonight. have to take my car to the car doctor tomorrow 
@bambilina me too  had a powernap in the afternoon as i'm sure i'll be getting little sleep, essay that i have not started due tomorrow.
weekend is almost done and back to work I go tomorrow 
ordering food is just not my day today. got charged really high for lunch &amp; they forgot my order tonight and there was a bug in my drink 
yeaaaa, I'll prolly study after the movie or tomorrow morning...somehow I know I'll still have to retake the paper at the end of the year 
Early morning and long day tomorrow  I'm getting depressed just thinking about it :'(
succch a slob right now  super sweet 16 beats media revision any day. will fail tomorrow.
@lewisking am week 1 i think, ive got maths exam tomorrow 
got home too late for martyn last night  big day of cleaning today, back to work tomorrow.
ahh, tomorrow is a bad day. 2 long exams in a hot hall with bout 150 other people 
My brother goes away for a week tomorrow 
has an important exam tomorrow morning 
is still up... has half the mind to skip her interview tomorrow  or more like in 9 hours time http://plurk.com/p/xgj7u
mourning my final vacation day...back to work tomorrow.... very sad 
finished church 4 the day - now for more studying, first exam tomorrow 
Maths exam at 9am tomorrow  not really worried, just can't wait for no more maths!! Then tanning in the garden for the rest of the day 
just got in...now even more sunburmt..early night tonight didnt get in until 1.30am last night  two exams tomorrow too 
last day of vacation have to go back to work tomorrow   wish i had a few more days 
why is tomorrow monday?  not at all looking forward to my first full week of work 
had a beautiful pool day, studying now,exams start tomorrow 
I've had a fab weekend, the weather has been so nice - don't want to go back to work tomorrow 
is gone out for the day; then gets to work tonight 
has had a great weekend but doesn't want to go to work tomorrow 
is not looking forward to doing such difficult exams on such a hot day tomorrow  I'd much rather be out in the sunshine
doesn't want to work all day tomorrow 
now = take of my lenses, and go to sleep. it's already 3 and i need to wake up at around 8 tomorrow.  so good night everybody. =]
Not looking forward to tomorrow have exam clash at college iscolation all day! no talking from 9am to 3pm!! 
had a little lunch with mary. off tomorrow! study time. test tuesday! 
I've just had an hour of free lazerquest because the place closes down tomorrow 
Another day in the sun... this time a bbq at a mates house... Not looking forward to being back in an office tomorrow 
What an amazingly beautiful weekend... shame it all has to end. Not looking forward to 7 hours+ in the car tomorrow for meeting 
ugh i love night at the museum so much! cannot wait to get paid and go shopping tomorrow in the lovely weather. burned nose! 
I dont want to go to work tomorrow! I wish sundays lasted all week! 
Ugh back to the real world tomorrow. No more sun and reggae till next weekend. 
I am such a procrastinator...I should really be packing for my trip tomorrow p.s. dreading waking up before noon 
keeps forgetting monday = work day, thus sleepy time is required  good night internets, see you tomorrow!
week of exams starts tomorrow  maybe i should start revising..
Watching night at the museum with @marcuselzey. Trying to spend as much time as possible with him until tomorrow. 
is going back to work tomorrow after only taking 6 weeks off for maternity leave 
To be honest, i havent missed the computer at all! I love it here! Last day tomorrow. I dont want it to end yet 
im chating... tomorrow its a bad day 
Meeting tonight.  and on my day off.
Today i've studied all day but at the same time i don't know ANYTHING!!!!!And tomorrow is the exam, don't know what i'm gonna do  so sad !
@msmcporkchop aw sorry to hear  i hope tomorrow starts off a great week!!
going to bed. i am sooo tired  tomorrow = studio for the day. finishing t.p.p. and workin on s.s.
ugh. classes start tomorrow. two classes, one each day, monday through thursday, 2.5 hours each day. boo. 
This was a beatiful weekend, back to work tomorrow 
just went swimming, took a shower, have to wake up at 6:45 A.M. tomorrow!!!! 
last day of highschool tomorrow 
work tomorrow. goodbye weekend 
last day in bohol. heading back to manila tomorrow.  *sigh* goodbye, sun and sea! 
beautiful weekend...grilled out both days....loved it !!!....back 2 work tomorrow 
I am bored, have nobody to talk to, and have to get up at 6:00 tomorrow morning. 
soooo tired  and no planning day tomorrow either. lord help us all
Weekend came &amp; went  Not looking forward to a 7 hour class tomorrow night. 3:45 to 10pm! Edumacashun is torture
is sleeping || i have a long day tomorrow    follow me 
Finals begin at 9:35 am tomorrow morning. I'm royally fucked 
0_____0 inspection tomorrow.. only one days notice. 
Last day of holiday freedom - back to work tomorrow... booooo 
It pains me to think that if we had no snow days that tomorrow would be the last day of school  ugh.
Dreading a long day tomorrow 
Just wants tomorrow to be over  5 day break after tomorrow! Then back to igcse's  it's a terrible cycle.
@JohnnyKGB  oh well just have to wait longer and get more lonely .N away tomorrow night. will have place to myself.
Last day of shopping.. tomorrow back to life.. back to reality.. 
will go to pampanga tomorrow and possibly go on a 3-4day vacation  ka-banas T.T
I want to sleep but I can't because I slept like all day in the car today. I'm gonna be tired tomorrow 
I've been looking forward to this day for two weeks. Unfortately now I have to look forward to tomorrow. 
Wants to sleep all day tomorrow but has to be up in about 7 hrs 
Still revising out in the sun..exam tomorrow  this time next week it'll all be over!
#ihate that I have a test tomorrow so I have to spend all night studying! 
@holmpat still red hot here but we are meant to have a cloudy cooler week after tomorrow 
Enjoying last day of holidays... back to work tomorrow 
Leaving S.C. tomorrow  hopefully we'll be back in a few months to live!!
Just had burgers. And this weekend was awesome!!! I just wish we had off tomorrow... 
not prepared for geog tomorrow at ALLLLLLLL. even though i spent the majority of the afternoon  it just doesn't go in!!
Sadly I have to go back to work tomorrow  still only for four hours.....
Just chillin after a day from hell with my daughter,back to work tomorrow 
@heiniw I'm thinking it's going to be a long night... Might have to reschedule some appointments tomorrow 
urgh looks like another hot day tomorrow 
wishes she had another day to revise for tomorrow  g'night xx
@CallyCupcakeee perhaps. the day after tomorrow is when i get busy. i have writing workshop until twelve.  bleck. but yahhh!
i have to get up early tomorrow morning 
@erikpatterson I REALLY want to go, but, alas, I have a final tomorrow morning.    I will come to a performance, though.  I promise. xo
night all got an exam tomorrow 
is wasting time online when i should be sleeping as i have to work tomorrow... 
Just left my sugarplumb... He leaves tomorrow for 4 months...miss him already...  sad day....
nightttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt exams tomorrow and the next day and so on 
i'mma sleep until tomorrow so this horrible day will be ovr! nite nite, twitterlings! 
@SnowDove i've been waiting a week  but i think for sure it will come tomorrow 
@JonEsposito  i hope that you work it out. bad days come and go, and tomorrow isn't always like the last.
@ IWNF- unfortunately not. can't drop much stuff til wednesday when i only have 2 classes  i have 7th period for 2 hours tomorrow. ugh 
@robertk328 planning anything? And no, I'm calling them up tomorrow morning. 
ball game rained out   going back to my day job tomorrow boo
I have been feeling so butterfly-heartful all evening. I hope i get to see her at the game tomorrow  she doesnt know if shes going or not
I am so nervous for ninth period tomorrow. 
I didn't have a good day and i don't want it to be my birthday tomorrow 
Night u guys.  I have to get up early tomorrow to have time for workout.  I've skipped 2 days 
tomorrow is drug test day 
I'm not looking forward to getting up at 445 tomorrow morning!!! 
hoping it's another nice day outside tomorrow even though it's supposed to rain again  . . . . (crossing my fingers!!)
early bedtime in williamsburg... tomorrow is my last day...   
had a pretty dece night tonight! school tomorrow 
early day in the office tomorrow AM ...   #fb
had a great day/night with my bf...BUT didnt study ughhh. this means more intense studying for tomorrow 
@NikoleCamarae i will first thing tomorrow b/c i dont have to go to 3rd per. my mom kicked me off for the night haha 
dangg... devo that i have to work tomorrow night. miss out on origin 
Long day, do it all over again tomorrow. I hope abbi's ok. 
today was the longest day ever, and I get to do it all over again tomorrow and wednesday  I hate summer school already
Just as well...i have another 5am day tomorrow...good night twitterworld i will got weep at the thought of my @nkotb going away again 
@hellocaitie tomorrow is my only day off 
crap. i just remembered tristan is getting his shots tomorrow morning... 
is gearing herself up for another late night trying to finish assignments due tomorrow! and her phone is crapping out already 
@Bmiller122 with her boyfriend...i should have been in bed like an hour ago though...early hit tomorrow and i have to be up at 3:30 
@shawmd01 @spamacide I forgot lauren works late tomorrow  maybe we should just do magic night or something this week
damn need to go to the piercer tomorrow  . ready for another day of learning
Taking off the day tomorrow, studying for exams 
day off tomorrow, but i got a lot of hw 
@jfeyerer damn it! I had tickets for tonight's game but was unable to attend due to my extended moving day 
got rid of one, now another one tomorrow and next week is the start of exams. 
I really should be sleeping considering I have meetings all day tomorrow 
One problem about working on weekends as well as weekdays is that you lose track of what day it is... I thought it was wednesday today 
@aherne148 Got the day off!!!!! then again I am working tonight.... 
It should be illegal to work in this weather  hope it holds for my day off tomorrow!
@AlysheeaPM stay home tomorrow. then we can talk on twitter all day and i wont be a loner like today and yesterday 
@TheSims3 it is still the middle of the night here and I won't get my game until my lunch break tomorrow 
@twinsquirrel good morning darling and: don't call me sausage!!  ;-)  by the way, i have to cancel my date for tonight... 
Revision day today!!! Supposedly the sun goes away tomorrow 
shAting myself for the tomorrow and the next 7 days 
A's first full day with the childminder tomorrow  I know he'll be fine, but will I?
Going into the hospital for surgery tomorrow morning.  
ok. off to bed. big day of immigration tomorrow. 
Just got home from work hope today is a better day pls god let it get better  good night till I tweet later bye
Rough game last night, bruised and sore for my run today 
Just watched the day after tomorrow in history, and we didnt finish!  i wanna know what happens!
@beckerbuns i have trillian, so good enough. If i am not on, I'm cleaning. We have to clear housing tomorrow morning.  give me your email.
What a lovely day! heard it'll rain tommorrow though!  I hope not i finally feel like summer is here!
i have a busy day tomorrow  i am so outtie by 5 though
@AdamLeber tomorrow is the first day of the european tour, you probably won't get enough sleep rehearsing new songs and all 
feels like crap.  going to sleep, hopefully tomorrow will be a better day.
Winding up chores from the day...going to watch a little tv and get ready for inservice tomorrow 
I don't feel good  it's been on and off all day. i blame kassie! i cannot be sick. i have a lot to do tomorrow &amp; have a chorus concert.
i feel sick and i have a bug bite. not good  sreeeep time day off tomorrow!
i feel sick and i have a bug bite. not good  sreeeep time day off tomorrow! missyou
I'm so happy that tomorrow is finally wednesday! The past couple of days dragged 
@EAMatt you're coming back to michigan?! i leave tomorrow night!  what the efffff.
is going to bed and looking forward to tanning all day tomorrow... or until i have to work at 330 
i had dinner at midnight. now that's deffinitly not healthy. last day of school tomorrow.  i'm going to miss my friends
wehr early day tomorrow  goodnight
taking lucy to get spayed tomorrow morning... i feel bad for her 
this is an ungodly time to be up and about  roll on 4 tomorrow!
@TotesMcGotes See that's what I need but haven't had time to get more powder  must do that tomorrow....
its going to be a long day tomorrow! 
So i thought my trip to chicago was tomorrow. It's actually next week.  
@sinyamarie @dollfacedisastr I've realized that I'm going to be missing out on all the fun tomorrow evening   and I'm real sad about it
great day full of writing papers tomorrow  i can't wait to graduate. good night.
I am not looking forward to tomorrow's early morning meeting 
@audrey_jean heeeey i worked 11 - 4 today and i work 8 - 5 tomorrow.. and then i'm going away to brisbane friday afternoon  sorry!
can't sleep and have a long day tomorrow 
cant sleep  and i have a long day tomorrow
So I usual only eat once a day but tonight/very early this morning I ate a snack and now I wish I hadn't cause I feel very fat 
@adrence haha..i can't blame her she loves me so much..i'll be in the province tomorrow, for the pageant, i guess i'l be busy this month 
hopefully going out tomorrow. last for the whole summer? 
@Indigored_hot   day off tomorrow? stay in bed and rest
@ruhkel 9-12...the seniors' last day is tomorrow! 
Night. Seven hours sleep tomorrow. I'll de 
is in for a full day tomorrow, first time for 2 weeks 
@TraceyHewins i think i gotta go.  i'm really gunna miss you but i'll be on all day and all night tomorrow, I LOVEYOU
12 hours ER Clinicals tomorrow 
gotta go goodnight ! tomorrow normal school day, no holiday like planned, at least we get to do more work exams round the corner  night xx
@Perryguitar666 but you won't be at my opening of birthday card envelopes tomorrow night though will you. 
is going to bed now. big day tomorrow 
working all day tomorrow  kill me now
off to bed now....tomorrow is the last day of pit camp 
Not too much planned for the weekend. Drinks tonight after work, maybe Manly tomorrow night  Catch up with the family at some time...
if you haven't noticed, this is the last day of summer. tomorrow will be just another normal weekend. 
@danish23 i still dont get it haha  yep last day today.fly home tomorrow :'(
working at 5:30 today until close, then working 11-10pm tommorrow, free ice cream day tommorrow 
So ready for the weekend!! Even though I've gotta work 1/2 day tomorrow 
@fbaert flight was tomorrow morning at 8 
must stay beer-free until tomorrow afternoon 
no going out for tonight...it was raining the entire day  still going shopping with may girsl tomorrow i guess...
Its' the weekend! But I work tomorrow 
@mark_13 @mark_13 I wish I were done, but I have work both tomorrow and sunday  still, its not long each day, which is a plus
It's the weekend! At least for those of you who have normal jobs. I go back to work tomorrow 
@HansenSoapCo I'd love to - but tomorrow I have lots of appointments this weekend with contractors 
i want a blackberry... tomorrow library day... again 
On my way to @sara_coons house before she leaves tomorrow night 
well i think i should prob go to bed soon as workin tomorrow  gutted first day back after a week
tomorrow morning i'll travel to see my dogs that i miss a lot 
@RickJameswife @MAbeo I can't make it tonight  But on the plus side, I think I'm starting my new job tomorrow morning, bright and early!
wow @0helenka your always asleep now a days  tomorrow shopping please, maybe we can multi task and talk too xD
going get an early night, 8 and a half hours of exams takes it out of you  2manydj's tomorrow though
Awwww  we are old tomorrow will be a year
i have to work tomorrow and it's supposed to be my day off 
Long day ahead tomorrow 
I have SATs tomorrow  for the first time  
WOW's customer service has slipped a bit. They can't get a tech out until tomorrow afternoon?  I'd come to expect more.
very rainy day outside today  but im still gong out to party! bye bye ;-)
@Bernababy going to a baby shower tomorrow, then working the rest of the weekend 
@CarebearJK it will be down 11 pm my time  but i should be in bed getting my rest for tomorrow's show
is going to bedd, longggg day tomorrow 
@tapdancr i would but i have sat's tomorrow, so maybe next time? Srry 
soooo tired!! and another busy day tomorrow  ill be happy when this weekend is over
big day tomorrow....test time!  wish me luck
i should've gone to the gym tonight  i'm sooo tired and i cant wait for tomorrow night!
@jjlangley...no luck on toywatch this week  see you tomorrow yay!!
It rained on my yard sale, had to call it a day @ 4  - oh well there is always tomorrow
good night, tomorrow i will wake up at 6 a.m. to go to work  I so tired!
headed back to germany tomorrow morning, its going to be a long day. i get there sunday...  
Just got off the phone with the boyfrann, missin him   bed time now! Longgg day tomorrow
frkkity frukaduk comcast has outage and they got the night off.... we bee without internets until tomorrow morning... I miss A.P. &amp; T 
getting ready to go to bed.... class tomorrow morning 
doesn't want to work all day tomorrow 
quite a long day today...  just hope tomorrow wont be a long day too..
@kleonvan I can't watch it til like, tomorrow night 
L-O-N-G day tomorrow. no time for twitter. 
if it's raining tomorrow morning and I can't go to colombia road then i'll be seriously 
may be the weekend, but work tomorrow 
@KatKitKatFace not yet i leave tomorrow morning 
i am so tired   and i have to baby sit tonight and tomorrow morning...  what ever i get money
@MeBec can't you come tomorrow night? 
I miss my baby he'll be gone till tomorrow night 
another day, the rig is finally moving,, will be in port tomorrow! but still on the rig.... 
is not looking forward to show rehursals all day tomorrow 
had a nice saturday. went to avenues and then il tetto. a good meal to end the weekend...work tomorrow bright and early 
I have a headache, need a nap, and am sad the boy is leaving for a week tomorrow! 
wishing i could've built the globe all day...  show 2 tonight
tired, and totally ready for the bed, been such a long day. And tomorrow, a even longer one, photosession, oh my gash 
i am a little down and out right now.....sigh....tomorrow is a new day. not a cool saturday. 
@twitteratti Not so late on a weekend night .. 11 pm finish?  Not so happy about today's results though 
I have a busy day tomorrow. And i feel sick atm 
No longer an Egyptian after being dressed as one all night. And I missed #bigbrother  will watch on catchup tomorrow!
is really sleepy, i have a big day tomorrow   nanight xx
@PollyRodgers oh right sounds good! well i am going now!  so speak to you tomorrow i guess! lol night xxx
Is sad that tomorrow the week starts all over again. 
Not looking forward to doing homework all day tomorrow.... 
Just got off. Long 13 hours! So,so sad I have to wake up and do it all over again tomorrow 
leaving first thing tomorrow morning and I haven't even packed. 
on my way to grandma 90th this long weekend going so fast tomorrow my last day off  then back to work!!!!!
I'm going to bed and sleeping in tomorrow morning in hopes that one day soon I won't have to chug aspirin. 
@ginad73 have to work at 11am tomorrow... there is no winning   Just need to survive the next 2 weeks then I'm freeeeeeeeeee
Oh I am so very tired. I had some big headache today  good night!
first day of college tomorrow. 
well. staying home tonight. again. working in the morning tomorrow. again. this weekend is no fun. at all 
@russchambers afraid I won't be there tomorrow man. I'm enjoying a little time off.  sad face for missing you.
Home tomorrow...I hate the last day of vacation. 
bllah... long day tomorrow 
@ecool i'm studying (taking 2 summer classes) and tonight's my only night to do it cuz i'm super busy tomorrow 
getting ready to go to bed....tomorrow is my last day to sleep in before I start working again.  
age 15 is young, dependent. tomorrow will be the first first day without them. 
Going to get in bed. I have a very early morning tomorrow. Not looking forward to that 
has had another exciting day studying at the library, accounting exam tomorrow 
 I cant tomorrow some other time
i wish there was more time in the day. im so sorry to anyone i couldnt be with today  see you tomorrow?
i've been in bed all day watching the simspons. feeling better.. i might have to go to the doctors tomorrow 
best week ever. too bad i have to go home tomorrow tho 
I get to sleep an extra hour tomorrow, but I still have to work.   
Updating my parents' E-safety workshop for tomorrow evening - thought I had done it already 
last day of the fair tomorrow 
@djjuggy I can come at night  I have a full day schedule tomorrow, I'm down still!
another weekend over... back to work tomorrow 
forcing my self to wake up , long day with the fam ahead of me , and omg it's monday  tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow, most depressing day of my life. 
sunday morning and i'm at work..my weekend on..v busy yesterday..first tour in..looks grim outside though..rain on the way ? 
so sad we leave tomorrow, our last full day at the beach. 
in for a long ass day.. then back to the courthouse tomorrow! I'mma miss you today dollface 
blinder of a weekend! can tell it was good cause i feel TERRIBLE today 
by this time tomorrow morning, i'd be at work already 
I gotta go to internship today... lost sunday afternoon  I just hope the time I'll spend there be useful to study for tomorrow's test.
@radioguinea don't complain. Its going to start raining by tomorrow and continue the rest of the week 
I guess I am reseting my sleep schedule today.didn't sleep all night. still awake and ready for a day with my family. im cranky... 
studying all day..then bowling tonight..skipping school to study more tomorrow then exam week 
UP &amp; about...Sundays=errands day and back to work tomorrow 
no really looking forward to my morning appointment with the docs tomorrow. 
no really looking forward to my morning appointment with the doctor tomorrow. 
3rd 12 hour shift in a row is not fun, especially when it is day 5 of the week and I have to work tomorrow as well 
is not going to be unplugging tomorrow evening 
@syncerepapi just winding down after a nice weekend.  back to the real world tomorrow 
I guess I should study for my midterm tomorrow and write that essay.  weekend officially over.
end of weekends  office from tomorrow 
missed church  woke up late. i must continue catching up with y&amp;r. on date 5/27 have to get to 6/5 before tomorrow
Wishes she she had the day off tomorrow 
@griddy lmao stop  I don't wanna move and I'm emo because I'm selling my car tomorrow and moving week after
enjoying the day. please don't let it end.  I am dreading the fact tomorrow is monday 
has her whole college year work in for tomorrow.. and there just isn't enough hours in the day  but working take that tomorrow - wednesday
i love pretty weekends.  i hate realizing i have to go back to hell tomorrow morning, though.  
@theroser tomorrow i'm supposed to start my period.. 
it was a good day .. i had a great time with my girlfriend .. but the free sunday is over .. and tomorrow starts a new long busy week 
i still havent completely packed for the retreat :/ oh well.. i will later tonight, i guess. 3 days w/o my phone starting tomorrow 
I start my new job tomorrow.  I don't want this day of laying around naked &amp; doing nothing to end.  
Going to bed now. I have to get up very early tomorrow morning.  The holidays are over 
Off to bed now, 7am start tomorrow  night all! X
wow today was prob worst day at work ever ... i am gonna miss my weekend team 
Grabbing dinner in between wakes... skipping class for the funeral tomorrow morning.  
tiggies won! i love the tigers! great day...now back  to reality tomorrow 
Right bed for me as I have school tomorrow  night all, nice day tweeting as always! X
birthday will be over in 15 minutes back to work tomorrow 
exams starting tomorrow - 2 weeks to go .. 
is SO sleepy... and hates saying goodbye   BUT, I just have one more task to accomplish today and I can relax the rest of the evening.
wow i didnt realise how late it was. bed for me. loooong day tomorrow 
Hectic day tomorrow gotta get up early  night all, tweet laters 
The weekend is over and back to work tomorrow 
so cold and I can't believe that tomorrow I will have to leave the house, will be a day full! 
Ahhh! I've been hold  oh well, tomorrow is another day it seems
Having those been off for a week have to go back to work tomorrow blues 
dreading going to work tomorrow..  weekends are never long enough
it's a grumpy day  tomorrow will be brighter!
Is impressed about having the day off tomorrow but not impressed about revision 
its 8.00 and i am sooo ready for bed. how sad?? but it has been the longest weekend... and its up early tomorrow 
end of the weekend....back to work tomorrow  We need longer weekends!!!
bored bored bored... back to reality tomorrow morning 
lazy day...back to lubbock tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow  at least i had a great weekend.
the weekend went by too fast...back to reality tomorrow. 
back to work tomorrow   i just want it to be summer already!
@jcurries If I didn't win the lottery last night, I'll be sending my cancellation in tomorrow. 
worn out....such a long day.....have to wake up early tomorrow 
bed time. early start tomorrow 
@DonnieWsGirl32 11  then i have to work my other job at 830 tomorrow morning. Not looking forward to it ha ha
is not in the mood to have classes tomorrow!  Hopes that by the end of the day there will be a miracle! (go... http://plurk.com/p/z78p8
I had a great weekend.  I wish I could extend it for a few more days, but I guess I have to go back to work tomorrow 
@KLOVERadio  I have to work tomorrow morning.
weekends go by so fast  back to the 9-5 tomorrow
Going to bed now, long day tomorrow  didnt finish project but will work hard tomorrow!
can't believe that the weekend is overrrrrrrrrrrrr... tomorrow's another day, another dollar 
is bleeding  well off to bed.. tomorrow first day of class!
going to bed for real this time. not looking forward to tomorrow 
was a great day - here we go again tomorrow - my list of to-do's tends to overlap days - I'm tired 
@justincorbett haha fair enough. yeh i have one tomorrow  and one on the 17th. then im free for 1 month and 10 days!! have u got exams?
has insomnia again   *sniff*  this is torture... i have to work tomorrow...let's hope i can get 5 hours of sleep in. night again twitter
really why does summer session have to start tomorrow? lame 
@DonnieWahlberg missing you  have a good night...hopefully we'll hear from you tomorrow!! &lt;3 n
crap, i was supposed to sleep.  tomorrow morning won't be fun. 
says one more day &amp; i'd be back to work tomorrow.  haayyzzz. http://plurk.com/p/1100wp
tomorrow morning is going to come too quickly. I'm not tired at all 
it's going to be another long, exhausting week.  And dentist tomorrow! fsck!
morning world! Lovely &amp; sunny again, means have to water garden tonight! 
having a lot to do today, better start now or I will not get done till tomorrow morning 
most amazing weekend! weird to think grant and jen were here this morning but will be on the other side of the world tomorrow  miss them!
It's a wrap...until 830 tomorrow morning 
morning all last day of freedom before work tomorrow 
My cd hasn't come and probably won't till tomorrow  not happy now pre ordred that weeks ago !
@JoelyRighteous  hope tomorrow is a better day.
spending the day with my little monkey tomorrow!  Dads working 
so not syked for my full day of schoolwork tomorrow... my head hurts already 
@_ynnie36 tired... finished night shifts this morning. trying to fight the urge to sleep all day cos have to be at work tomorrow am 
@Jatty07 I'm not another exam tomorrow morning 
@kiarapense dammit your background is good! last day w/ 8d tomorrow. 
Realizing that I graduate tomorrow I can't believe it  I don't want it to don but at the same time I do
soooo tired just want to finish now  this time tomorrow!!
No #iglfa2009 for me today   Hoping to play both morning and afternoon games tomorrow.
One more day with my mom! Such a good trip, wish she didnt have to leave tomorrow 
wants to get her kitten this eve ..  long day of work tomorrow.. 
leaving bkk in 3 days.  well. shopping day is designated for tomorrow!
This time tomorrow I'll be all on my ownsome 
long day ahead.... looks like won't be able to make it to ballet class tonight. 
@syuazimi yes but now my eye looks better than today morning I'm sure i can go to school tomorrow. my day was ok it rains right now  lLU
I just realized how much of a bad mood i was in last night  i slept it off tho. Hopefully ill stay happy today!
found out earlier that joey left for panama today and i have to say goodbye to the stages guys tonight... it hasnt been the best day 
@optionmonster - is tomorrow headed for turn around tuesday or are we in for more pain? what a day 
Having the worst day ever and it doesn't end.  I just want this to be over to go home and hope to have a better day tomorrow. Aarrrgh!! 
What to wear tomorrow, no cleaner for two weeks = no ironed clothes 
@jaybranch For me it is not over. It is 23:15, and I will study whole night for the test tomorrow 
Long weekend is over  back to school and work tomorrow morning.
I'll be in the office tomorrow -- no mid-day tweeting! 
night,praying that i feel better tomorrow,hate it when i am ill 
and on that note, to bed i go. i (apparently) have a pan meeting tomorrow. so i need to be up early  night all
last day of finals tomorrow   then summer
@NathanAllStar NNOOO that cant be!! I have class tomorrow night. 
gpoing to go to bed now so i wont get up late tomorrow i hate getting up late  i miss half the day  and feel so lazy
is having surgery tomorrow morning at 7 am 
i'm giving myself a bed time tonight because tomorrow is my first day of work and i can't sleep in til noon 
i just rode my bike for the 1st time since i dont know when... 4.5 miles was a bad plan. i guess i wont be walking anywhere tomorrow 
wow...tomorrow will be a sad day for me 
done with studying... for tonight. last day of classes tomorrow! but then finals  booo
It looks busy  i'm so excited for tomorrow - finally a day off.
@sammycw96 im getting my new one tomorrow or the next day, 
two midterms tomorrow and 5 after that....its a week of no sleep... 
No more cell service till tomorrow morning. 
i work more than 12 hours tomorrow 
tomorrow is anni's last full day before she goes home 
ahh i'm so tired!! another day of waking up at 7 am tomorrow! i don't know how i'll do this all week! 
@spoiledpretty I can only get eyedrops tomorrow  It's annoying to have to buy eyedrops every month while they expire
I don't want to fall sleep, because tomorrow will be such a bad day, believe me 
So so so  dreading tomorrow morning. 
3 / 7 exams done  tomorrow is my only day off!
Is enjoying my last hours before heading back to work tomorrow...  
I have such an early day tomorrow ughh. 
@RachelLock22 tell me about!!! after tomorrow to the 24th i have like 12 hours of testing!!!  i cant do this anymore!!!! lol
@permeister actually I really should get to bed my friend. sorry  supposed to be on vacation all week but was asked to go 4hrs tomorrow
It just sunk in me that, tomorrow is the last day of highschool, wow 
just about time for bed... back to work tomorrow 
Home got to wake up early tomorrow going to be working out all day  what ever at the end of the summer it will all be worth it 
Showerr time (: I wish i could get #LVATT tonight   but its all good, tomorrow at 3 
i must take care, my body is heat-y and i have massive headache today  i didn't drink last night 
Sadly the best week of my life is ending tomorrow 
one of my younger sisters from out of town has been here for almost a week and I've seen her for less than an hour. She leaves tomorrow. 
I had a pretty good night I suppose. I hope I don't eat tomorrow ! I wish I had better control over myself 
@thevowel ...    you knew that tomorrow was my day off...that's why you scheduled the maint for then....thanks E 
Realllyy ill again  at least I get a full day to revise for tomorrow!
is going to bed and has to go back to work tomorrow  only wish I had one more day.
@northonm31 haha... its not  last exam tomorrow, may just wing it. then party time. see you in 12 hrs? 
moving day tomorrow...which mean no net for a week 
is sleepy and her headache has come back  oh &amp; work tonight...but finally a day off tomorrow...woohoo!!!
About to put in a massive night before the big one tomorrow 
got a dentist appointment tomorrow morning. i miss out on some of construct. 
I have 32+ spec ads that need to be built by tomorrow evening. It's going to be a long day. 
@beckinelson you shouldve come to sleep at mine tomorrow night 
studying for tomorrow lot of exam  ......also excited - my daddy's b-day!!!!!
not a bad day, not looking forward 2 tomorrow, awkward one 
forced to spend this wonderful day studying for the chemistry regents tomorrow 
@itsattie date tonight  beers tomorrow night?
I have so much work to get done this week.  tomorrow's party day though
off work.. finally. seems like it's never ending! one more day tomorrow then i'm off!!! til' friday 
feet hurt!  busy day! more to do tomorrow!! 
Fixtures are out tomorrow.  I fancy a tasty away day first up.  And then I go on holiday for two weeks  what was I thinking!
@sharwils haha...yeah, it was a long night. I loved every minute of it. There's always something going on at that place. I leave tomorrow 
@_stoned Probably won't get a chance to get on that PC again until tomorrow afternoon. 
right gym done. knackered. ans seeing as i didn't go yesterday my day of rest won't happen till thurs as i have to go tomorrow too  bah!
Preparing for surgery tomorrow morning...ugh 
well, night night folks, back to the 'w' place tomorrow 
Working day tomorrow  still, not long till it's the hodilazzeys 
first day back in work tomorrow and ive just got round to starting galattica season 4, cant put it down 
I fell yesterday and hurt my knee big time!  Now I can't canoe tomorrow.  
Off to bed, day of solid revision tomorrow 
no longer the place to go @Rjakz is sick from eating a lot ... I told you not eat much  well, tomorrow is another day =D
@LovePortland I work allll day....I'm only off tomorrow 
@thetoughsams technically tomorrow! so i'm going to get to the bar at midnight, haha i am so eager 
When im reading, i forget everything else. Its that time again, and then off to bed. I have to get up early tomorrow 
so tired  another busy day tomorrow with bball camp, tennis, and score keepingg.
headache  bad day. not looking foward for tomorrow either. unsure what I want/need. a new life perhaps?
Not looking forward to going back to work tomorrow  These past 4 days went by way too fast.
so tired  cant wait for tomorrow night though 
misses living with @MegUp  .... back to orientation tommorow morning
I guess new york will come another day since they leaving tomorrow  all about communication...they know I am the club...SHIIT! FUCC
Hot chocolate and early night, busy day tomorrow and its going to be a long one! 
SO looking forward to working tomorrow... on my day off 
Off to bed! Out of town tomorrow for meetings all day 
wine &amp; breakfast at tiffanys...mmmm what a great night. now off to bed, got a double tomorrow 
tomorrow i'm gonna have a really busy day...... i have a job 
@brampitoyo Just realized we're in the same time slot tomorrow 
@MelissaCharron I'm sorry you had a bad day too  I hope yours is better tomorrow &lt;3
Is not looking forward to waking up early tomorrow morning 
I'm going to bed early tonight. I have to pack all day tomorrow. 
@ddlovato i would love to go see you for my b-day tomorrow, but you're nowhere near where i live!! 
tomorrow night is going to be the hardest night in my life. 
bedtime finally  busy day tomorrow
@tylermasid I'm sorry.  I've definitely have had those days and suspect tomorrow will be no different.
An awesome relaxing night has turned into an f'ing mess of problems that I'll deal with either in the morning or after work tomorrow 
@emanaydin just about to go to bed and checked one last time  hopefully tomorrow when I wake up it's available.
tomorrow is a new day...so I'm going to sleep my sorrows away 
fell asleep through a whole movie tonight. guessing it's time for bed then waking up early in the morning again 
sad day no ck tonight. flight in 7 hours  off to bed i go.
orson has stopped eating and is going to the nice vet tomorrow morning.  hard decision time 
My mobile updates haven't worked all day.  Hopefully this doesn't happen tomorrow.
sick...failing the math final tomorrow...no seniors on friday...life is bleak this week 
I have to go to bed on time because I help open up the store tomorrow. No late night fun for me. 
heading in for the night...another day of pointless comp lit tomorrow...yucky 
Getting ready for tomorrow. Long day 
pretty bad night  wishing I was going to the giants game tomorrow to watch timothy....but I'm not :'(
it's bedtime! i probably have to work the full 12 hours tomorrow. 
I'm so tired but I can't even sleep and I've got class at 7:40 in the morning tomorrow 
Long day tomorrow 
prolly won't be sleeping tonight  i would kill to be happy right now...or at least for a whole day
Needs to fall asleep but my mind just won't let me  had a difficult day and now wondering what tomorrow holds...
I never learn that being awake the whole night leaves you tired for days.  tomorrow I will be up at 5am.
My sleep schedule is significantly screwed up. I have a long day tomorrow, but I'm not even tired  damnit.
What a grim morning today  let's hope saturday is much much better
ugh early day tomorrow and i'm still awake 
just put in 12 guage. tomorrow morning won't be cool... and my good day went terribly bad in the manner of seconds tonight. 
just got the news my pops got about 48hrs to live  just hope i can get there in time tomorrow to say 'goodbye'
is scared - tomorrow is going to be a bitch of a day 
tomorrow morning triple J are announcing who's in the second announcement for splendour. how excitement!! p.s; i have flu-like symptoms 
i gave up on it haha so impatient.. now i wont be able to listen to as much beatles all day tomorrow 
aww... time to go to bed  3rd day of classes tomorrow! just finished my 4th homework from the past 2 days XD
@sa_scully you finished your run already? So jealous!! Today may end up being my off day instead of tomorrow. 
another long day tomorrow 
Nitey nites twitterverse!! Another early day tomorrow even its my off day 
anyways I wont be posting for another 9 days... have a long 8 hour commute to banglore tomorrow morning 
nervous,tomorrow is the day 
unbelievably bored. mm stress much. worst day tomorrow (N) 
for a minute there I though it was thursday not wedensday been happening all day (Really wish it was tomorrow  )
@maxrafuse  so what's going on tomorrow night
Just got a text to remind me...big scary day tomorrow then work in the afternoon...I must be mad! 
Having my surgery tomorrow morning 
Long day. Not feeling too well  going to sleep early tonight
Trying to go to bed earlier so i wont be so tired at 6:30 tomorrow morning... but of course its still light outside.... 
@mattreamy my roommate and are are religious about sytycd! I have to go to bed early, so I will have to watch the last hour tomorrow. 
It's raining now and it's supposed to be raining all day tomorrow, off and on. 
@lsessoms what's going on tomorrow. e-mail me! i missed fader again last night 
In the hotel - heading to bed soon. Really early morning tomorrow 
@occasionista Just had a client schedule a meeting tomorrow night, so I won't be able to make it to the event tomorrow night 
What a great day..slept in..hung out downtown..went to mortons for dinner. Too bad it's coming to an end..back to work tomorrow 
should be going to sleep soonn. english regents session 2 tomorrow, waking up 5:30 in the morning again 
I think its time for bed. I wish I didn't have to go to work tomorrow. 
I miss my kitty! She went to the vet to be fixed today and I don't get her back until the morning. The house won't be the same tonight! 
Headed to bed, last full day at the beach tomorrow... 
My uniform lady told me that I was fat today  time to go on a diet! (after dinner tomorrow)
is it the weekend yet? dreading that overnight shift tomorrow.. 
I cant its to late to ask.  amd i have to babysit in the morning. :'( tomorrow?
work in the morning again, good news is I don't work late tomorrow night, like usual..yay for that.wish I didn't have to get up so early! 
Not looking forward to tomorrow morning. I'm going to miss my grandparents so much 
calling it a night now. I keep forgetting I have class tomorrow.  fingers crossed so that I get up.
just yakked again...going to the vet first thing tomorrow morning... 
I'm in a bad mood today  Just hope my day off tommorrow will help a little??
I'm in a bad mood today  Just hope my day off tomorrow will help a little??
actually if im right we dont actually arive in italy til 1ish tomorrow afternoon 
meeting with head of year tomorrow! 
chilling on my last day off ! back to work tomorrow 
heloooo tweets ! last day in pattaya ! tomorrow back to bangkok, there a few days &amp; then back to finland ! 
is getting ready for a huge day tommorow. but is very tired 
have to practice maths now for at least 4 hours...and tomorrow will be the big day 
hopes he can get a new iPhone tomorrow - been doing this for 3 weeks now http://is.gd/15hSf 
so hot outside... beautiful summer... but tomorrow its going to be a rainy day 
SO, i slept like s#!t last night which makes me see today being a L-O-N-G day  hopefully i'll be able to get a nap in somewhere, doubtful
just have to make it till 12 then im freeee!!!!...for 9 days..then class again..  see my two loves tomorrow!! woo hoo!!!
@catheerine me too. tomorrow is the day. 
learning ill procedures to train in the future, since tomorrow is @dianajw 's last day at nekls 
I don't want to be at work today... And tomorrow!!   can't wait next week I get a 3 day weekend
I don't care about this stupid girl..i love someone else but maybe tomorrow is the last day when I can see him that's awful 
didn't sleep last night, work today, drive 10 hours tomorrow 
Trying to make my way through all of the boxes...moving tomorrow night 
cleaning on a beautiful day because I know if I go to the pool I'll be too tired to make it to work tonight 
@outrage_designs Not bad babes actually.  Doing a days overtime tomorrow though  .  How's your day been??
wow, a decent day for once. Not looking forward to tomorrow, could be  in places. Also, missing you a tad already :\ and, I NEED CREDIT!
sad about tomorrow night 
Works over for the day  I'm back in tomorrow tho 
not a good day...  But there's always tomorrow -- his mercies are made new every morning eh??
Unfortunately won't be out tomorrow, due to this evenings events 
has a cold and/or swine flu. probably from bounce u. and wants it to go away for water day tomorrow 
is packed and ready for the weekend, although does not finish work till nearly 6pm tomorrow 
@LauraCarmosino I know! I want to go to everything, but I'm peacing out of the city tomorrow afternoon, so I'll miss most of it 
Is reconciling with his phone (still taking it back) so text or kall 2day might not b on tomorrow!  cheerio
@spansstitchin hugs span  hope tomorrow is a better day x
really sleepy. working on my own tomorrow  boring. going to take eclipse with me to pass the time.
@pmanaloto thanks! And we have a father's day thing to go to tomorrow night 
Going to bed , tomorrow is going to be a long day 
saaaaaaaaaaaaaad! tomorrow is the last day of schoOl 
All coursework due tomorrow! Loads of late night annotating is neeed 
day full of meetings today and a course tomorrow - maybe this is why i dont get to chat to anyone anymore 
@ShaniaBe didnt know u could do that, but i'll be working all day tomorrow thought 
has an early tomorrow morning and thinks that sucks so bad 
is going to bed. last day of college tomorrow  booooo!
I am not ready for the new iPhone tomorrow.  It's going to be a long day.  
@danlewisnet essentially I've had a few things come up that are preventing me from being down there tomorrow night. @ericharlan suffers 
@feblub Think I might head of myself in a minute. I'm up at 6.30 so will be tired tomorrow 
ughghhh I need to study for my biology final.. which happens to be at 8 in the morning tomorrow.  DEPRESSIONNNNNN ahhhgghh
@SocialiteSteph  I need a nap my self I'm beat. tomorrow's another long day.
hottest two days so far this year coming tomorrow and friday 
damn, i'm paranoid about waking up on time tomorrow!  
back to work tomorrow for the next 5 longggg days ... 
wow i am tired...its going to be a long day tomorrow at the show. 
tomorrow is my last day of undergrad 
enjoyed my 1 day off but its back to work tomorrow 
ugh!!!  i have to work at 9 tomorrow morning.  
Last day of my workterm tomorrow.  I hope they don't make me cry, im such a sook like that.
Missing A to the J! And wishing tomorrow wasn't the last day I get to spend with some of the children I work with 
Has a busy day tomorrow, but can't get to sleep 
Last night on vacation, tomorrow back to work. 
Off to bed.... I have a long freakin day tomorrow 
had a good night, but sad tomorrow is andys last dayy 
cant wait for tomorrow to be over with..last day to work with mean boss lady who yelled at me today 
Really wishing I didn't have to wake up tomorrow morning 
in bedbed up early tomorrow to shop in provincetown. last day in cape cod 
@endlessdave @jenbaek so sad i missed it  but i must wake early tomorrow! see you early next week???
going to bed i guess...probably another boring day tomorrow 
tomorrow is my last day with jaime 
great run tonight, now off to bed.. got to get up earlier to do my morning workout.. gonna be a long day tomorrow! got to go back to work 
finally got unpacked, only took me four days! trying to get my back in golf shape for tomorrow.... questionnable 
going to bed early, have to babysit most of the day tomorrow ...-not a morning person  -
@katryna09 @solerika cause yesterday was my dads birthday and I forgot and I have to help him clean the entire house tomorrow 
Gorgeous sunny day and I'm going to work  it better hold for a ride tomorrow!!!
*zonk* two hour friday afternoon meeting completed. going straight home and not doing any removalist work today. plenty tomorrow though 
Is sleepy sleepy time...last full day is tomorrow 
its really cold  going to go see year one with ally tomorrow, i'm pretty excited!
lost her phone  such a horrible day. lake tomorrow with aust though
doesn't want to work tomorrow morning 
@rjw8888 I think I may have to come in here tomorrow morning  lets hope not.. you should take your weekends off!!
I am dog tired too and have a long day tomorrow, but I can't bring myself to go to bed either.  I hurt inside and out right now. 
5 days off!!!i hope i dont cave tomorrow 
Last day at sea , have to  pack tommorow this this will be disembarking 
Just got a weird text that my cruise tomorrow is delayed, I can't board for 7 hours after I thought I was going to... 
the sun will come out tomorrow tomorrow....oh wait no it won't, or the next day or the next day...or the week 
@racquel_xx i didnt have time  doing it tomorrow! DEFFS! ;)
off to work, another 12 hour day    i cant wait for tomorrow night, soo excitedd. &lt;3 you
back home today  not looking forward to another 6 hour drive. then work tomorrow. fuckity fuck
tgif tgif tgif tgif yessssssss  fathers day cook out tomorrow but its going rain 
Last day here  heading home tomorrow. callertext  &lt;3
@tylerweir  Could be us tomorrow .... the sales are hard to predict, it goes up&amp;down every days
has to get up at 6 am tomorrow morning. 
messssuppp(12)!!! maybe tomorrow would be better night ... 
wish i was seeing mcfly either tonight or tomorrow  arrrh well, at least i've seen them once this week already aha
I am really wanting this day to go by quickly...but early wake-up tomorrow morning 
had a bit of a rubbish day  ... i hope tomorrow's nicer!
@silly_me are you saying my previous tweet irritated you?    my weekend doesn't start til tomorrow either, I'm just glad it's closer.
@daxigrey I had a good day thanks. How about you? It's a shame you can't come tomorrow   You're visiting a uni aren't you?
I go back to the city this evening. That means back to work tomorrow 
...headed to the city for the last photoshoot in this week's series. I'll be under for the rest of the day   but I'll be back tomorrow!!
@benyameen good night. I hope you have a good day tomorrow. 
have to revise all effing day tomorrow 
In total and complete agony, it made me cry. What a way to start the weekend and still got to go to work tomorrow at 10am 
I'm sooo glad the week is over. Unfortunately I still have to wake up early tomorrow for court. 
....no show tonight  just a day to stay in.
going to bed now. tomorrow it's getting a hard day  just work xD
v busy day tomorrow. starting to feel extremely anxious for the exam 
done translating for today. Getting ready for a rainy weekend 
early night tonight. early morning tomorrow 
feel sick  cant wait until this night is over, tomorrows a new day!
This evening I recognized that there is no projectionists for tomorrow 1900 till 0200... So I know what I'll do tomorrow evening 
eeek for zoo tomorrow. really not looking foward to a 9 hour day in the heat. i dont even get to work animals tomorrow 
time for bed i am sooo tired i hate weekends cos i work  but i can see @BouncingSoulsNJ tomorrow i can't wait!! they so so good live!
Is waiting for the 3.0 jailbreak.   Is working tomorrow morning 
@HelloMissJean evening - were you shooting today, too?  hubby's still on a job - not wrapping til at least 9 
celebrating my dads birthday tomorrow with a cookout tomorrow. hopefully it wont rain 
my exam was very difficult, I think I failed... so bad  | beutiful day, it's raining here! tomorrow, nothing special!
@lisathebee tomorrow is my last night with you guys.  I go back to fulltime lot driver next week.
Hoping for a better day tomorrow! 
time to go home.  i'm tired.  going to the cemetery tomorrow.  I miss braydon 
Only one hour left.  and I have to work tomorrow. Sucktastic.
@DavidArchie i'll be sure to check it out tomorrow! i would tonight, but i better go to bed. thunderstorms kept me up all night 
is not feeling waking up at six tomorrow morning 
busy day....have to wake up early tomorrow..damn 
Going bed! Long day tomorrow......  on the other hand I get to see my favorite people!!!
about to go to bed.last day in nc tomorrow  back to reality soon...
Looking forward to tomorrow.  I'll be picking up my granddaughters for the day, don't get to see them as often as I like.  
Long day tomorrow.  
Last day of bootcamp tomorrow... weird... 
going to bed. have to clean my room tomorrow   that'll take hours! no lie, it's awful!  i think i'll drink my vault then. haha. night (:
@summerblonde83  i probably cant get online until at least tomorrow night. 
@scottgal sorry to hear it  tomorrow is always a new day right?
@Cabrissi  there's a thing in belgrave today. But I'm going to a n all day thing tomorrow so wont have a chance to work then. 
Today was the longest day eveeeeer, and tomorrow will be much longer  goodnight!
today has been a very long day  i had fun tonight. But i hope as a whole tomorrow is better.
ANOTHER looong day of work now to bed i go for another one tomorrow  good night tweeters
@SokaSista don't rub it in sheesh. I won't see my bed till 530 tomorrow evening 
sad i can't go see the fireworks tomorrow night  [don't break my fall.for i'd rather crash.than to sleep without you here...]
can't wait till tomorrow night so I can sleep 
does not want to work all day tomorrow 
time for bed i have to work tomorrow  it sucks o well
I have my fucking speech to work on tomorrow! what a waste of a day 
And my phone is at 10%. That means it's time to go.  good night I'll try can call tomorrow but it's sunday and that's a busy day here!
Has a very busy day tomorrow. So why am I not sleepy 
extremely bored, have done nothing all day,  hopefully tomorrow will be better 
not happy about missing practice tomorrow because i'll be stuck working indoors for the entire day 
@LuvD143 aww.my holiday is almost over  .back to college tomorrow.i dont like going to classes.haha
@dexuk Its raining here today   going to the fun pool later! supposed to be nice tomorrow, well hope so! have a great weekend!
I think i'm gonna go to bed, had a headache all day &amp; nothing would help it, got be up at 8 tomorrow anyway  bye have a great night every1
@ddlovato i wish you had more time here too. i can't make your concert tomorrow 
Throwing up all night and not sleeping at all means i will be so cranky for jakes wedding today 
last full day of vacay.  will be reluctantly headed back to reality tomorrow.
Getting ready for fathers day tomorrow...minus calebs father 
@sexualninja No drunkardness tonight!!!  URGH awful day  x
hangs all day! rain is dumb, though.  possible eotc tonight, at least just to see the boys, but i'll actually see them tomorrow yay!
@emilynechvatal so jealous....u disappeared last night  come beach it today!
Finally a second to relax..dreading tomorrow -- moving day! 
 no work again today. hopefully tomorrow. off to boston pizza then maybe a board game night? I hope so! XD
preparing for yet another cider-fest   tomorrow I will definately take the day off..
G'niite all,n I can't believe it,tomorrow may be the last time ill ever go to th uos  !!
@meliskickassx tomorrow equals saturday? if so, slichaa, i didn't check twitta in time 
good thing i don't work till 5 tomorrow night, feet are dead from a 10 hour coffee shift today! 
Visiting my sister 2 hours away &amp; I was so excited to find a wegmans! Just my luck - the grand opening is tomorrow 
@ljpalmer I'm in town now but leaving tomorrow morning.  Should be back again soon though, will let you know!
wonderful weekend ... tomorrow will be boring 
I want some boy time tonight!!! But no boys until tomorrow night 
bed time  huft my hubby is leaving tomorrow  i hate being alone
tomorrow fathers days 
@jboltz24 true, not at all. i feel for yah  tomorrow will prob not be a good day for you lol
tomorrow is fathers day...I've been kind of dreading that day 
tomorrow is the big day. im really scared 
tomorrow is last day singing at nine. 
Fathers day tomorrow. I dont get to see my daddy for another week. 
@Ojisama I wished you lived closer. I'd spend time with you.  I thought you might be coming over tomorrow. I know we'd talked about it.
i should probably start packing? since i'm gonna be gone all day tomorrow and i won't have any time to do it monday morning before 11:00 
thinking about going to bed,, working again tomorrow for fathers day  &lt;3
@amhartnett it rained all weekend and is supposed to be lovely tomorrow 
really cold  i hate this weather! father's day tomorrow! i love you daddy!
worked 9 hours today. my back is killing me. sleep and then work at 1045 tomorrow morning. all i want is sleep 
@taylooooor just until tomorrow afternoon..i came home for fathers day but have class at 9 on monday morning 
funnest day/night at @epicsarah's &lt;3 work tomorrow 10-4 
yaaawn. ugh tomorrow is my last day off before it's back to work again 
Another day down the drain well there's always tomorrow 
well I need to get to bed..should be out celebrating my B-day tomorrow but have to work instead  heh oh well what can ya do right?
Hopeing it doesnt rain in the first half of the day tomorrow since we will be outside at a concert 
ugh. uvfood update done. still a couple of severe bugs that'll have to wait for tomorrow. but mostly working. too late at night 
5 and a half hours of babysitting...I'm not going to make it through the wedding tomorrow 
i am sooo tired, time for sleep then baseball tomorrow on the bright 
won't be twittering for about 6 days  , leaving tomorrow
tomorrow (actually it is tomorrow already) will be a sad day - another father's day without my dad to celebrate it with... 
leaving to go shopping ! my last day in thailand !  leaving TODAY ! actually tomorrow about 1 am, but i have to be at the airport today !
Eating something, making my bed, and then crashing ... So tired and I work a full day tomorrow 
I don't want to go back to uni tomorrow and then a night duty!!!!!  and I wish I could read minds.. Then I'd know what you're thinking!!
I dont feel good  I cant wait to just hang around my house tomorrow night and not think about going to work at 11pm. 3 days off.....
back to work tomorrow... it was nice having these two weeks of sleeping til the afternoon.. now its back to waking up when its still dark 
Giving up on studying... it's pointless i just will have to cram tomorrow morning 
tomorrow's going to be one super busy day 
Moving out tomorrow, packing all day long. I'm going to miss this place! 
Still trying to get day off tomorrow 
@butterflys_dust Bastian is so much love! and alas i do not have time to reply as tomorrow is my *favourite* day of the week 
I could really just lie here all day, if I didn't have to learn all my chemistry for tomorrow. 
long fun day. some disappointing parts. but talking to boofren soon!   yuck to work tomorrow. 
after working a long day... On a sunday i might add... I really don't know how i'm gonna cope tomorrow  or the rest of the week at work
7th day in a row of work starts in 2 hours  but then camping out with the kiddies and swimming all night and all day tomorrow!
Working on my internship file, got my presentation tomorrow! have to soooo much in it! will cost me the whole day 
need to rest for tomorrow would be a working day again! 
@bvkcreative hey bhawna, amazingly, i slept 5 hours through the afternoon today. But of course, I don't know why I couldn't last night 
I am still getting a fever at night. I think I am dr bound tomorrow 
what a nice day! ~ back to work tomorrow 
not a fan of my place of employment after today, tired and aching is an understatement and college tomorrow morning- whoop 
I have a headache  have to wake up at 3 in the morning tomorrow too *sigh*
feet hurt  working tonight, tomorrow, and tuesday! would really enjoy a day at the pool and a good tan...
oh no i have to get up at 4:00 tomorrow morning 
my first chill day since last tuesday. working tomorrow 9:30 to 4? oh that means walk to bus at 8:00 am! 
Is anyone up for the midnight show for Transformers tomorrow night? 
is super tired today ... a lie-in and an afternoon nap didn't quite nail it   Must be getting old if I can cope with a full on weekend 
headache  hope my day will better tomorrow
I am going to bed now I think, I had such a bad day today :/ I thought it could get better but it didnt  hope tomorrow is much better xx
I dont want to work tonight...i work everyday for the next two weeks 
@tinymel hey we still on for tomorrow? i dont have any cred so if you stand me up... i'll be waiting hours in the cold!!!! 
@geospizafortis i haven't either normally i'm packed ready but this year i'm not  busy day tomorrow it looks like
@kimmymary ugh I did the same. I have an appointment tomorrow morning 
not looking forward for tomorrow  i hate the doctor and that damn shot he gives me...have i not been thru enough this week?
@KrisColvin eh it happens..i had one of those days yesterday.  good thing is that today is a new day n so is tomorrow
right, i'm going! dreading tomorrow morning. i proper don't like having tests done  i hate needles haha! night all !  x
I overslept about 75% of the day  and I'm still tired. must be the antibiotics. I hope tomorrow will be much better. but I'm pessimistic.
Just remembered that my 360 red ringed last night. I think I'll live in denial of that fact for the day and deal with it tomorrow. 
enjoying time off, but raging i have to stay in the house all day tomorrow. 
Not wanting to go to work tomorrow morning... 
@queenneon I have classes tomorrow till 9 your time 
Has a bad headache...hasn't felt right in two days   But I DID finish all my baking and studying, now working on hoemwork due tomorrow.
I hope the rest of the summer wont be as boring as my day today was 
done packing  leave tomorrow morning!!!  really upset at all the stuff i am missing this weekend!! 
I am so lazy to go tuition tomorrow morning. Why aren't you texting me yet? 
I am so lazy to go tuition tomorrow morning. And why haven't you text me yet? 
@HeidiBoast aww sweetheart  just think, if we didn't have shit days we wouldn't know a good one when it happened! there's always tomorrow!
another summer day.... back to work tomorrow 
good nite. tomorrow another early day. 
relaxxxxxing until i have to work 3-close  but tomorrow is my day off! hooray
What a fantastic sunny evening !!! Lots of hanging out to do - but have 2 work tomorrow    Might sit with laptop in the garden though 
my last day tomorrow of skool  the old vola memories !!!!!!!
@IndieLette tomorrow, but only for about 3 hours 
hooooooooooome. resting for the long day ahead of me tomorrow 
I am so used to being with @CeraBateman all the time now that tomorrow night is going to be really hard. 
happy st-jean to all my fellow Quebecers! I can't party though, I'm working tomorrow morning  But drink for me!
at home relaxing on the rest of my day off...hopefully I will not be so sore tomorrow. Egh had too much to drink over the weekend 
Bad news #mal_mcr . Looks like i'm away all summer  let you know for sure tomorrow
@lizwoolly :S busy week!! I am 8 - 6:30 tomorrow 
@nimnil night night ~x~ have you got to work tomorrow? 
blaah last day tomorrow. stomach hurts 
@IzzyGettinBusy I'll lget in touch w/ her 2night or 2morrow &amp; let you know tomorrow! I'm in a mood  had a crazy day!
boring day...staying in tonight 
getting ready to go to bed in a few. have to take 2 finals tomorrow morning 
is not looking forward to mowing lawns for 8 or 9 hours tomorrow 
friend left awhile ago.    had a great day though.  no plans for tomorrow. well...not yet.
@nandeb All this traveling and late nights screwed up my internal clock, I'm wide awake and have to work tomorrow 
AudioA got moved to tomorrow night   so going to hotel now...
ugh i have such a long day tomorrow 
working all day and night tomorrow, i got in a 20min sprint today, need more running time!! 
it`s going to be nice and sunny tomorrow. this calls for a tanning day! (: i miss you.. why are you in california 
had awesome fun at practice... tomorrow it's time to work on my car 
Off to work tomorrow is my day off then back for 6 more days 
is wondering why I'm still awake wishing for sleep uggg tomorrow is going to be a long day!  
Looooooonnngg day tomorrow  club monaco 9-?? 3 maybe calo's 4-10 .... ugh help!
Report cards tomorrow, I wish I had another day off! 
I never made it up to run this morning  But, i'm going to run a mini marathon tonight!!
Last night  getting up early tomorrow morning, no way am i going to waste my last half day!
so much for my day off tomorrow 
morning!! not so sunny 2day  opperation move out begins
had an amazing night only 1 thing ruined it!  but off to read my book now then bed time. i have nothing to do tomorrow but still ill sleep
lushy night last night. dreading today. dread, dread, dreading and denying it! 
Watched The take last night wicked cant wait for next week.But it's the last 1 
@ChelcyStanley I think you can now. But our plans to go at midnight? Now a no-go. I have to work the next day. 
had a really really fun day today but spent too much money and has court tomorrow morning 
last day tomorrow  but got something up my sleeve 
dimsims are my favourite...thai food is the best!!! could have it all day ;) not looking forward to work tomorrow morning  8am start 
left italy about 9 this morning italy time, in austria now. still quite a bit to go. not expected good till 5 tomorrow afternoon 
no feast day for brooke tomorrow 
@StephanieEllen we're going tomorrow to the beach huts! we shall miss you&amp;i will text you every day  but i believe you're coming in sept?
I woke up in the middle of the night  no dream today.
It's fucking rainin all day tomorrow. Probably no lake. 
@Rachellous alas I'm working tomorrow morning so won't be able to see it! 
@ruthjoy86 still much better than mine!  tomorrow i don't have vacant time! LOL
@JecaDamato aw so sad that we can't  I work tomorrow all day
got so sick last night so i couldn't go to school today and it's also the last day. I got better in the morning but mom didnt let me go 
Today's going to be another one of those &quot;ohshitohshit I'm worrying about it&quot; days, I guess. I wish I could sleep at night. 
I had the most ridiculous dream last night that has put me in a bad mood today. 
Wishes that she could be excited that tomorrow is friday...but no i work all weekend 
garbage day tomorrow  i think its non-recyclables...?..?... mehhh
Getting starbucks, tomorrow is the last day 
heritage cornwall meeting tonight &amp; today's the last day i see my brother before he heads off to edmonton.. 
but i like that you listened, that i taught you... |  i really need a cuddle  hopefully i can have a night in with J tomorrow..
@ktsummer sorry to hear about your day  as  @supergrl95 said, we will work on getting you a prize pic of joe tomorrow night!
woke up early in hopes that i'll go to sleep early tonight... working 2 shifts tomorrow.. one in the morning then my usual evening one.. 
errands to run all day..leaving tonight 
not long till i finish this evening...then back in tomorrow at half 9.  I want to be off though 
@MerCleve go to sleep. I hope u pee on yourself in the middle of the night.  I'd hate to have to beat u on the golf course tomorrow. 
looooong day finally come to an end. as long as the bebes stay asleep. haha  bring on tomorrow!! B-)
alirght folks! time for bed. catchya tomorrow 
today was a good day, I love good daysss  wonder what tomorrow is gunna bring!
tomorrow should be a great day! im actually going on a date! wow..this should be interesting! 
Such a very long day. And again tomorrow...maybe I'll get on a jury next week and be able to take a nice vacation 
hope tomorrow is a nice day 
is last day of uni tomorrow 
I'm very excited (and scared) about tomorrow. It's going to be great day 
going to bed, two more days of school after tomorrow, then a three day weekend. 
busy day...update tonight 
Looking forward for my long weekend ....starting tomorrow 
cop this !    ....day off tomorrow 
I am having lunch at a fast food place today  yay...then boring afternoon :/
is going to look at guitars tomorrow... woo for having money and working 2 public holidays in the next week 
doing fuck all today, pitz tomorrow night though. 
exhausting day...will chirp again tomorrow 
night!! &lt;3 and hopefully tomorrow will be better 
@sethjenks meh...take the night off and enjoy it! You'll be refreshed to hit it hard tomorrow 
watching the golden girls...excited about my massage session tomorrow!! 
@mitzs Ok. I'm not going to be around pretty much all day tomorrow but I'm sure we'll find some time in the future. 
@cocotia thanks  what do you do today and tomorrow ? i have a bbq + some work to do (almost last week of the semester!)
@lyndsey21090 Lyndseykins, I have so much to tell you.  I MISS YOU!  What time should I come tomorrow?  I'm so excited to see you. 
is hw and rest all day because tomorrow will be epiccc 
is now going to sleep, reallyy looking forward to a lifechanging + inpacting day in church tomorrow  x
heading to bed: hoping for a nice relaxing day tomorrow 
got a new laptop and an itouch today. what a dent. happy early birthday to. good day though  tomorrow dying my hair... myself!
@failchad I really am going to sign up...tomorrow, I think.    I've been waiting for a good hair day.
@koweebee sounds like a fun day  what are you up to tomorrow?
saw so many old friends tonight at coachella... k'naan is playing tomorrow afternoon! can't wait 
@tawnysmith haha then its going to be a good day tomorrow 
finally knocking out. tomorrow should be a nice day 
non-stop good times since thursday! loving this weekend, and the weather  hoping for more of the same tomorrow!
damn this set is awesome for morning, okay clock is 2:30 pm  but just woke up like 30 mins ago  it's beautiful day ouside  #asot400
Is awake and wondering what to do this morning, today, tonight 
It's been a busy weekend and tomorrow it's back to normal life again 
resting up for a big day of working out, writing &amp; cooking tomorrow. nighty night 
night tweeeeeters. interesting day today  Hopefully tomorrow will be the same! Looove.
@georgiedaintree It's week 2, I'll arrange my funeral for 9 tomorrow and it'll finish at 11 so you still get a free, so kind and suicidal 
says good night!! till tomorrow   (heart) http://plurk.com/p/p0e66
@Imyme @ogallivan @ben1901 can we go to the bridges tomorrow night? 
busy busy weekend..leaves no time for tweeting! prom was fun. yesterday was softball filled. and today everything is canceled from rain 
Its such a beauuuutiiifulll day! I think ill tan tomorrow. 
was a good day  hope the day tomorrow want be the same 
Amazing day,   back you hell tomorrow... ugh
holy hell, this weekend kicked my ass. last day of design class tomorrow 
sleepie time!   clinic tomorrow.
@Decfrombrit your juliecentric updates are adorable @Tlunden i lost motivation about an 2hrs ago sigh, but tomorrow is another day! 
going to bed.. tomorrow will be a good day 
wow, gym was awesome! going back tomorrow! just need to eliminate alcohol from this weekend! 
stayed up all night, ugh. excited for tomorrow though 
it's an early week this week! morning prayer meetings start tomorrow at 6.15am 
going to watch a dvd now then sleep... tomorrow another day of bullshit  night x
Longing for tomorrow  I have already decided it is going to be and awesome day with lots of fun! 
bye bye, i'm not going to tweet so much today! off to san diego in the morning tomorrow 
tomorrow is the day.. 
hope tomorrow is the best day of my life 
@ellenao thanks mom! yea i spent all day outside, wrote one of my papers last night and will write one tomorrow.. hiked in my new boots 
diggin the open period tomorrow morning 
night everyone... until tomorrow 
@smeykunz I'm thinkin' of headin' off too sweetie, have a good day tomorrow 
@amazingphoebe i told you last night baby, i can only see you tomorrow, plus we have all day tomorrow cos we got that family party shit 
hopes @sechegaray has a good flight tomorrow morning ... i'm lying in bed watching tv, happy to have had so many visitors today 
i give up. going to bed. busy day tomorrow. night all!! 
I'm exausted - going to get some sleep so I can be well rested for the event tomorrow 
night. tomorrow = fun filled day soaked in awesomeness. 
going to bed soon, fun day tomorrow. 
@TimPatterson wake up, tomorrow is indeed another day! 
@Aydsman I'm exhausted! But hyperactive. I predict that my manic state will lead to a crash and burn tomorrow afternoon.  How are you?
fair soon , japanese theme day tomorrow 
@tommcfly how weird is it that i'm seeing you tomorrow? you should come+meet me cause i queued for 15 hours for my tickets!  xxxxxxxxxx
@kayoungche @micheal2five @akiraLOVE @LorenaHeletea @ltrunell @brexians Right everyone have a beautiful weekend will tweet back tomorrow 
is sleepy and can't wait to fly home tomorrow morning 
@AmazingPhil The day after tomorrow 
@KiraTiffani I took two days off tomorrow i'm back. I miss the pain to be honest 
just woke up. i think all i needed was a good night sleep. let's see what today unfolds.... 
it never fails... i always have to go back to work tomorrow, good night. 
@MrsMcFlyGrimmy good thing is though mcfly are on t4 tomorrow all day i think as well  xxx
TODAY, I CLEAN.    and pack! flying to nick tomorrow morning 
My sermon is shaping up nicely for tomorrow--it's short.  But I've written 1485 words in about two hours. Wish I could do that every day!
Really looking forward to a sunny day off tomorrow 
@Esching me too!! and I've got a full day tomorrow too!! get some rest 
And when I say tomorrow I mean today  night/morning twitter world!
Enjoying a day off tomorrow  new job is def going well tooo!
had a few beers with ali and i'm going to bed now...tomorrow is the only day of the week when i can sleep in...i hope i'm able to! 
has to catch some zzz for a big day tomorrow! ..totally jazzed.. 
good night twitters  i need to stop sleeeeep! doing a 9 mile run tomorrow. ah.
bed time. awesome night. tomorrow:work, date, chicago?  yum.
What a great day  Not looking forward to studying tomorrow though!
little tokyo tomorrow  time for shower and sleep
A nice relaxing morning reading in bed, even better knowing tomorrow is a holiday 
good morning earthlings  i stayed up too late last night but i only did because i have to go to bed early tonight. early start tomorrow xo
had a great day today, 10 hours but so worth it  looking forward to tomorrow too, but not looking forward to the early wake up! night x.
@nuttychris lol i might be out tomorrow but i'm deffinatly out next weekend 
welcoming my resting time.. hwaa,will start a new week again...2morrow. haha, i do loved monday 
boring day. the used concert tomorrow. super excited about that 
aghh!  great dinnerr!! working out tomorrow morning with kami
In a very good mood at the moment, I still have a paper to write but I'll do it during lunch tomorrow 
Tired ready for bed but not for tomorrow but hey His grace is new every morning so I should be good 
heading off to bed...i've got a long day tomorrow   goodnight all
tomorrow will be a very productive day! good night 
sleeping after a chill night and long weekend....  maybe some fishing tomorrow? 
tiredd excited for tomorrow...maybe i'll actually wake in time to run in the morning 
is heading to bed. finishing the paper tomorrow morning. 
@nritchieoseen if you do not have much going on tomorrow, do you feel like lunching?? text me in the morning 
off to beddy boo good relaxing night hopeful for tomorrow 
@MadeaOuttaJail have a good day tomorrow 
About to go to bed....work tomorrow..hope everyone had a nice weekend and have a great week! 
@TheFurstLady yeppers!!! I have class early tomorrow morning 
i can't wait till tomorrow. just because its a new day 
@shintabubu hey shinta!  i'm headed to bed now, but perhaps tomorrow night - when our hours overlap... 
@SWIFTas omg evie. we have to do our plan for hot 30 tomorrow night 
is going to relax and chill out tonight ... back to work tomorrow after a week off ... least I had a fun time with the girlfriend ... 
@JackJohnstone tomorrow night would definitely work 
ah just finished making tea for tomorrow night 
a chilled day  party tomorrow.
i had the best day ever! i missed him. more tomorrow too 
today has been the longest day EVER! going to sleep.. beach bound tomorrow  good night twitter
Such a long day!!! So much fun though  tomorrow will be just as much.
@DarknessBound It's been doing it for two days. We have a comcast technician scheduled for tomorrow morning. 
@MelissaSuzanne ha I think I got like two hours of sleep last night and I have an early start tomorrow, so chillin and sleep is needed! 
My whole immediate will be in the same city until some point tomorrow afternoon. This is monumental 
// sounders game tomorrow! and mother's day 
Moms everywhere stop what you are doing and get a good night sleep for tomorrow its your childrens turn to pamper you.  enjoy your day
Pretty amazing weekend so far  but its bedtime ,, I'm exhausted ! Mothers day tomorrow  nighty night
Calling it a night .... talk to yall tomorrow 
had a great day...and now I'm off to bed. tomorrow I'm back in sd 
@sarahfloss went with john grisham instead... she was very pleased &amp; never suspected a thing, lol. hope tomorrow is a better day for you 
@urfavoritegrl i'm sure you're sleeping, but you'll have to tell me your favorite part tomorrow. i laughed pretty much the whole time. 
i'm dreading tomorrow. tests all day for 5 hours  hopefully my mcfly dvd will come so i can watch it after school 
yummm jack in the boxxxx bored as fuuhhhh. i dont wanna go to school tomorrow. but at least its a 3 day week  and then a 5 day weekend!
@niffer09 it was a great day. no kids fighting..don't know about tomorrow..i'm sure they will have to let it all out. 
Just watered the plants...ready to wind down with buzzie and kick off a great week tomorrow!!! 
bed early so i can cram tomorrow morning...goodnight world! 
trivia night tomorrow at applebeessss.... so excitedddd!!! I'm totally sticking around for it even if I get off early 
one more final tomorrow morning then home for the summerr 
@Trezchic haha  how exciting.... I had an interesting weekend, I'll try to call you tomorrow.
I LOVE laundry day (which is tomorrow) cause that's the day I don't wear underwear!!! 
in bed, laundry all day tomorrow 
Starting over a day will help alot! So can't wait for this day to end and can't wait for tomorrow to come. 
lounging and sleeping eventually... I can't wait for tomorrow night! 
I'm convinced tomorrow will be a great day!  I can't wait for it to hurry up and get here!  
I go to sleep, because is so late, and tomorrow will be a very active day ...... 
back to dance for 1 day tomorrow 
working all night, sleeping tomorrow--- work crazy hours on friday... but then to emma's for the weekend 
@DivaJulia at least you seem to be feeling better - tomorrow is another day &amp; you'll feel even better! just don't let the bed bugs bite! 
Has the day off tomorrow!!!!!!! 
so tired. writing some key terms down for geography then going to sleep  tough day tomorrow...
tomorrow is the last day until summmer  yessss finally !!! nigghhttt !
is ready to hit the sack... this was a great night!  ready for another great day tomorrow!
Off day! Hopefully tomorrow +my weekends good  Over all this bullshit!
You guys are hilarious. I have a long day ahead of me tomorrow, plus a job interview, @ezrabutler @ozsultan. You're killing me! 
So glad when this week is over! Thankfully i have randomly booked half day tomorrow 
my weekend begins at 3 pm today and i'm giving a test in ALL 4 classes!!!!  excellent thursday for me!!!
footy tomorrow night, it is going to be soo cold, rug up 
tomorrow is the day... I know I won't sleep much tonight, too much left to do. If anyone has the time and can lift, extra arms would help 
hopes to have a productive day, convocation tomorrow then more productive days. 
Besties coming today! Or more like early tomorrow morning 
finally a day off!! now off to run a bajillion errands until tomorrow... 
is really cold!! and thankful its the weekend tomorrow 
wishing it was tomorrow already, pick on me day has sucked, but tomorrow is my birthday 
Is excited for tomorrow!  fun day.
Making taco's for dinner. I have all day off tomorrow and I intend to enjoy it some how. 
What a good weekend... Hopefullllllyyyy tomorrow will top it off 
Night tweets! Be safe, tomorrow is another day! 
six flags all day tomorrow with jenna! 
time for bed. honor society tomorrow  like 1 day till confirmation
lots to do tomorrow... but now its sleepy time 
Beach day tomorrow! So glad i got my shift covered  life is awesome.
just got home from a fun night out! the beach tomorrow morning 
last night was funny! need to revise so much stats today ew arghh! 1 week til slam dunk 
haven't been on the comp. since  y'day afternoon. daddy's b-day today. watched chicago last night. I love that movie 
finally worked out how to ingest the red footage; did quite a bit tonight. bedtime now. tomorrow should be a good day. good night y'all 
brilliant day so far  media exam tomorrow, must improve quiz show knowledge :|
my long weekend, not as relaxing as I would like but at least I have the rest of today &amp; tomorrow off 
am getting more hungover as the day goes on. that shouldn't be possible. but at least i don't have to get up for work tomorrow 
UNFOLLOWING now all the #forelinTLV members, but hey, i will add you again tomorrow morning 
@butchwalker see you tomorrow night 
Hot, bothered, but getting there! 2 PC's fixed, done for the evening, start again tomorrow 
after a long weekend of no sleep... i finally get to sleep in tomorrow 
we'll get it tomorrow night guys 
So tired. I hope tomorrow will be a good day  goodnight
@dannygokey: hey, how r u today? i hope u're doin good for the finale rehearsal  have a nice day!
is going to bed early in preparation for my first day of my new/second job at the hospital tomorrow   G'night!
@sweetbabyliebs But wait, the weekend isn't over. We still have tomorrow. 
im going to sleeeeep! last day of the semester tomorrow, maddd excited!!! 
Going to call it a day , have a good one everybody and will be back tomorrow 
I'm going to bed. I have a long day ahead of me tomorrow. 
goodnight. tomorrow should be another grrreat day. NO DOUBT 
Only need a 75% on my final tomorrow morning 
going to bed, 1 final tomorrow 2 wednesday then its summer 
early bedtime. idol tonight tomorrow afternoon @ H&amp;H! let epic idol week begin 
sleepyyy...time for bed, but excited for tomorrow 
I'm going to look for a sleeping bag tomorrow. Then I'll be all set for snow camping next weekend! 
@hotpatooties what a bummer, I was looking forward to that...oh well tomorrow it is  You having a more chilled day today? x
@sweetsofgeorgia Now you're entering the 'what am i going to do til autumn?' phase waiting for S4. I'll be up 2 speed by Friday 
@jaydems save a place for me if you can please? i'll ask mum tomorrow night. 
Is looking forward to 'Is anybody there?' tomorrow night! 
Is looking forward to 'Is anybody there' tomorrow night 
is excited to take the day off tomorrow and go the beautician to pamper herself 
Is thankful for the beautiful day.  graduation tomorrow!
yoga tonight and bowling tomorrow - an excellent start to the week 
I'm finally back!! Haha,that wasa hard week 4 me,tomorrow it will end xDDD Yiippppy!  
says its futsal nights tomorrow!  http://plurk.com/p/ukvew
good morning everyone ready to start the week @genirodriguez good monday 
Getting ready to head out to the zoo tomorrow morning 
I cant wait till tomorrow cause its a three day weekend and i get to see jt night    
@BethanyLovesRob tomorrow afternoon- that one is done. this is the next one 
working tomorrow and looking forward to the weekend 
night worldddd.... powder puff tomorrow time to knock out some bitchess. 
been playing wii all day. round two tomorrow morning. 
@itsAudio I'm having a good start woke up early fresh and ready for my day   cant wait till weekend 
In case I won't have time to tweet tonight, I'll make up for it tomorrow 
It feels good to have an exam free day today  and band practise tomorrow 
tgif!  plannin to get it in today! memorial day weekend! lets go! 
@5zs...good morning sir...i'm goin running tomorrow...be proud of me...5 miles is my goal 
goodnight! long day tomorrow 
overslept this morning. I get to sleep in tomorrow. w00t! 
noon today will be the start of a beautiful thing 
@NancyEDunne  yep morrisons is the destination for us at some stage today or tomorrow as well.  sposed to fine up this afternoon 
P.S. I flyyyy away on holiday tomorrow  sunshine I'm coming to you babeh!
am off back to Prestonia tonight  then off out for birthday drinkies tomorrow night w00t ;P
starting my day.  tonights gunna be fun 
@SoloRunner 01:30 tomorrow morning, probably a pretty comformfortable time you 
@leeolayvar you could dly back here and come to my fight night tomorrow 
go-carting tomorrow morning!!! 
I have a million things to do today for tomorrow's event.  I will begin later this morning  
Just woke up, today is the last rally and the last dance at school, it's going to be one hell of a day/night and I plan to enjoy it! 
It is such a beautiful day! I hope tomorrow is just as nice so I can go to the beach 
tomorrow is saturday , my favorite day , lol 
@moniquechacon what time do you need us tomorrow? We're both willing to help! i'll count it as a second workout 
Looking forward to my day off tomorrow! 
starting tomorrow i'm running every morning  my ass needs it lol
goodnight my friend @nesitajai. you probably wont get this until tomorrow but have a great day 
bed time  elyse comes home tomorrow morning! i cant wait to see her!!!!! 
imm off  lirturgy tomorrow  night 
I need some sleep badly;;off tomorrow, spending the day with my babe  070608&lt;3
well off to take meds and try going to sleep. i'll see you twits tomorrow  night big world 
feeling so happy today. because i was just taking some conversation with him last night. ahh... misses him so much! 
getting ready for a big day tomorow 
@meganspence38  haven't forgtten about the gown, will do manana. I hope you had a great day, and an even better tomorrow! 
Today was a good day!  ready to do it again tomorrow! 
so not looking forward to working in the rain tomorrow.. but hey japan in 2 days 
finally going to sleep ... tomorrow another day of work &gt;,&lt; ah i wish i could sleep all day o.o.. tomorrow i can see u again claudia 
@Casssady wish u productive day tomorrow - good night - sleep well 
Goodness I'm sooooo tired. But from tomorrow through the weekend it'll be funn! 
wishing everyone a good night! reflect on the day - think about what you can do to make a better tomorrow 
time for night night!!! see you all tomorrow!!!!! well that's if you're going to the tweet up!!!! yay!!!! 
Graduating tomorrow night 
Grease 2 sucks hardcore. Last day tomorrow.  bedddd.
tomorrow  free day  !!!!  wooo hooo!!!
Is excited that tomorrow is my birthday...off to bed ready for an awesome day tomorrow  night
@ammyliz the new song is good. yay for amberly, danielle, kylee, brittany time tomorrow! 
off to bed. see u on the flipside tweeters. big day tomorrow 
I'll see you all tomorrow, the same time...  :-! G`bye! @rannau @brookeiloveyou Thanks! Bbye!
@tqtruck good night don't forget tomorrow is my sons birthday 
sleeping, tomorrow will be a better day 
Today POETS day: piss off early tomorrow saturday 
@JenniferBolin good night - hope you're back to yourself tomorrow 
Looking forward to the 20 minute walk to work tomorrow (yay, potrero hill!)  ...but, now, it's time for much needed sleeeeep
woo, last day of #uds!  I get to see my family tomorrow 
is excited about tonight and tomorrow!!!!!! night 
off to bed... going to enjoy my last day in the states tomorrow.  leaving saturday to japan for a month.... hopefully it will be fun 
time to rest up for the awesomeness that shall take place tomorrow/later today 
Not long now until the white party!! I've had 4 hours sleep since wednesday  big ones tonight and tomorrow night 
goodnight  fun day tomorrow!
@phate13 Going to see family for the day tomorrow, that's about it, still got another week off school so am just chillaxin 
it took a long time b/c of writing descs!  wrote a new one for tirloth and pwned!elathrad. i'll probably scrap them tomorrow, but. 
@Catiedit not much of a weekend for me I'm afraid, I get to work tomorrow.  =\ I'll just have to make the most of tonight and sunday. 
@amitgarg lol... I did the disappearing trick, tomorrow is going to be a fun if taxing day 
