Most common words for this cluster:
[('tomorrow', 2001), ('na', 115), ('night', 89), ('today', 88), ('im', 68), ('tonight', 65), ('lol', 62), ('ta', 59), ('home', 54), ('morning', 52), ('am', 51), ('work', 45)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'tomorrow', 0.8869566917419434), (u'tommorow', 0.7315351366996765), (u'tommorrow', 0.7100961208343506), (u'tonight', 0.6990177035331726), (u'tomorow', 0.6739806532859802), (u'tomorrrow', 0.6499077677726746), (u'Danielle_Giordaano_spokeswoman', 0.6353265643119812), (u"'ll", 0.6323833465576172), (u'Tweeted_punter_Chris_Kluwe', 0.6290151476860046), (u'Cant_wait', 0.6277879476547241)]





@hummiemd I KNOW! I was really surprised since everyone recommends them on youtube.  I have to call them tomorrow and figure it all out.
@moethebeat aww moe! I was planning on leaving tomorrow evening  are you gonna be in town by chance?
@brendamew2 no art tomorrow.  and nice to see you've joined twitter!
i've got one of those spots that doesn't really show yet but hurts like hell and will no doubt be a beauty tomorrow 
@ScarlettDane no  mary &amp; i were going to go dress shopping tomorrow.
@ellisonrox awwww  but she will be on tomorrow @ 4. i will still watch her show even though you guys persecute me. are you far away? 
@jvmediadesign I have pic of bucket kitty!! but, I'll probably post it tomorrow now. means having to find cables and connections... 
The result is tomorrow! Oh nooooo! 
bedtimee. not that i'm doing anything tomorrow. stopit music 
doesnt want to wait all the way until 4pm tomorrow to listen to hamish and andy!! 
@MooseMystique haven't seen it yet, we watch it on netflix once it come online. So well probably see it tomorrow. 
@Jayx But that means I have to leave the house  I'll probably get one tomorrow, then.
went to the dentist, had a driving lesson and should now start packing for tomorrow. got to be up for 5 apparently 
well, im not going to see the composure/cavashawn tomorrow  but every one else should!
@Piablo oo really? i'll check it tomorrow! prolly wont be up tonight i'm guessing 
aww one of the lil chicks just yawned, they will be going home tomorrow 
Just scared my files will be gone by tomorrow  That'd be a nightmare. All the most important files are there!
is getting to saint louis tomorrow!! 
mum is going to see a doc tomorrow. so worried  hope she'll be ok.
i really don't want to go to work tommorow  
It's so beautiful outside, but I'm stuck inside doing homework   At least I'll get to spend tomorrow in the sunshine!
I'm going to bed feeling a bit depressed. Not really looking forward to tomorrow 
@tommcfly anyway, i take it your comin home tomorrow? the weathers been rubbish today, well in newcastle anyway 
is off to bed to rest before essay onslaught tomorrow! i miss my baby 
Give it a name tomorrow gotta get up early 
Going to bed feeling crummy, hoping to be better tomorrow so I don't miss @maurawilson's shower 
@urtherevolution sorry  if only I knew you were there sooner, I would have introduced myself. You coming to brunch tomorrow?
I'm letting the pandora run while I pack stuff to send home tomorrow 
I am not looking forward to tomorrow....wayyyy too much to do. 
ugh gots to work tomorrow morning!!!   need to be up at five and ready to smile lol
goodnight, i have to wake up so early tomorrow 
This little tree is tiiiiired  25's (and dealing with stupid people) tomorrow and then finishing 10s monday! Raiding every nice 
i can't find my beret, my thickler, my ballpens and hanky! gaaaaaaaaaaadddd i need them tomorrow. 
@nileyforever16 ohh, hehe. ugh tomorrow's school! 
is getting ready 4 skool tomorrow 
Guess what I get to do! I get to wake up early tomorrow and do yardwork! Yay me...  
is sick and tired  glee tomorrow and idk how I feel about that.
about to go to sleep... go see the doc tomorrow. ahhh i wanna be done.  this weekend is weird.
going to sleep.  hangin with th gf tomorrow.  still need to fix my bike 
im filled to the brim with good things. workday tomorrow though, i think i can't go to work. 
oh well back to work tomorrow 
is not looking forward to going back to work tommorow 
@amazingphoebe alright, so think of something to do tomorrow, and we'll do it  until then, i'm gonna get off twitter  i love you 
@YrfSquad i have to work tomorrow guys  if i didnt, i would have loved to
still tired, laptop comes tomorrow, yay and kay goes back to collage monday. I will miss her 
One last good sleep before getting back to real world tomorrow and catching up on everything I missed bc of the flu... that won't be fun 
it's already 2:22 am here, I need to sleep now for tomorrow's worship. I'm still sick  Pls pray for me.
@geeksthenewcool i'm on tour with hell's belles!! sellin' t-shirts!  we go home tomorrow, though. 
it's already 2:22 am here, I need to sleep now for tomorrow's worship. I'm still sick  Pls pray for me.: it's .. http://bit.ly/m8UKS
And as every sunday...here comes the anxiety about tomorrow... 
@li2active lol it's ok~ you know I woke up at 6pm today...  more than half my day is gone hahaha! looks like no sleep tonight! :p
schools back tomorrow..  watching rove.. night  xoxo
ewwww i have to go to work tomorrow 
cant bring herself to start revision..and uni is back tomorrow 
thinking of something to write in the box and putting off doing my homework ready for tomorrow. 
listening to hair. missing friends. leaving tomorrow for utah... 
plz no university tomorrow 
is still awake and watching 'the evidence' &amp; ehh i don't want to work tomorrrow 
cnt believe i've gt college tomorrow!!  =/
I'm just relaxing at home its sunday.  shit!  school tomorrow :@:@:@ well im getting tonight far cry so yeah!!
thinks my bff is mad at me   she won't answer texts, call back, etc.....  the conversion went well yesterday!  Now for tomorrow...
kira is taking a nap  hopefully we can take kira outside again today jason goes back to work tomorrow  ill be at home with my babes kira!
i dont wanna go to work tomorrow (my sunday complaining routine) blahh 
@chirpy_charlie Who wants to go back to work tomorrow? Not me! 
having an off day, greatt  ... really dont want to work tonight 
Damnit the weekend ends just too fast, tomorrow another schoolweek.  
doesnt want school tomorrow  ew ew ew
gah back to work tomorrow 
they're still calculating my life expectancy so im gettin it tomorrow  guess i cannot sleep well this night. writin to ya'll tomorrow.
@WylieStyles trust me, I am. I feel like im never going to finish. Due tomorrow too 
review day1 = bu marta kejetit &amp; etanol sialan  -tomorrow willbe better,amin!
@BakoWriter I bet it was the heat that got to you. It probably made you tired. I can't believe it's supposed to be 100 tomorrow! SO hot. 
yay my twilight dvd came in today!!!...just have to wait till tomorrow to get it 
con't sleep!  and i gotta go in at 8 tomorrow to make up time for mrs slechten!  not cool.
I'm going through everything I need to get done before the shoot tomorrow and the worry is keeping me up, can't fall asleep again 
going to sleep...ate way too much today like a fat. school tomorrow  blahh! good weekend tho :]
@LauraRepetti  i don't wanna go tomorrow. at least i have two good subjects... well, three since i don't do anything in Japanese. haha.
gunna try to get some sleep. got a busy morning tomorrow.  school
@benpeers Yay for leeds! Where I am leaving tomorrow 
up late hoping my munchkin will feel better tomorrow. 
what a stressful night  finally headin to bed... big math test tomorrow
Finally finished homework....but any bet i'll get more tomorrow 
yay for the fray at 6:43 in the morning! dad wont let me drive to school until tomorrow 
mum and dad don't believe me that I'm going to be sick tomorrow and that they don't have to wake me up early 
uhoh....loo has blocked up so it drains slowly... hope it just fixes itself, do not want to have to sort out a plumber tomorrow... 
have to finish encoding 101 names of korean delegates for PECERA..due tomorrow and i haven't started yet..good luck to me! 
I really really want to go to the @samisaac gig in portsmouth tomorrow...but  I have no one to go with 
college tomorrow! hate waking up in da morning! 
gonna take a long lunch nap like there's no tomorrow &amp; the day after tomorrow... except I've got to wake up b4 3 for work 
@BeatboxP haha its okay. me too. i have a 2 papers due tomorrow and a final on wednesday. 
is sad that her boyfriend isnt coming to see her dance tomorrow 
tiiiiired! gonna go to sleep finally so I can fail my psychology test tomorrow ugh  night.
is laying here in bed listening to my hubby snore.. i cant sleep and have a huge test tomorrow 
is excited to go parasailing tomorow! and.. dosent want to go away this weekend 
is off ill but going backin tomorrow. holiday cancelled 
I want to see my baby tomorrow. 
@jacvanek doesn't have the bracelet I want anymore I don't think  owell me and @beccalaz already know which ones we're getting tomorrow.
i might take the bus to go see anarbor in springfield tomorrow. by myself. lol should i go 
bye everyone back in cali tomorrow!! morning...   
mmmm bed time. tomorrow im going to be so tired tomorrow 
im going to be sooo lost without twitter tonight and tomorrow 
@lilyao im not excited for tomorrow! 
@TheRealJordin good luck at your ent's tomorrow. i'll be thinking of you. keep us posted. sorry you're not feeling well 
ugh,fml. gotta get up at 5 tomorrow morning  maybe that means i should go to sleep now..
idk what to do tomorrow 
having fun, although have to see Boyds uncle who is dying tomorrow 
@ krzykee18  &amp; @yellowtoes I'm sad  I  didn't get to watch it and my dvr wasn't hooked up. I'm coming to watch it tomorrow.
@saint0z bastard! i wanted to see it tonight but i got a final tomorrow 
darn probably wont make it to dmb tomorrow 
Goood night peopleesss.. tomorrow i focus on anything BUT bamboozle.. cause liike... i wont be there  soo good night!  ouch migrainess
@Rubyrose1 oh no!  hope youre better before tomorrow x
@Creepstain I didn't saw that movie yet. Actually, I was planning to watch it tomorrow... 
just finished making baked spring rolls for tomorrow, now im surrounded by the smell of deliciousness and i cant eat any of it yet 
Almost a #wow orphan matron. Lots of #pvp for me tomorrow. 
Feeling blah.  hopefully be better tomorrow, stoked for barcampla.
And now I must attempt sleep, for tomorrow my shift at the granola mine is early and boring. 
today was fuuunn  gotta sunburn though  painting and hanging out w/ Liizz tomorrow
Going to sleep! LOTS to do tomorrow. I have to wake up really early for the first shoot  $$
@traceofspades my phone is dead.  i left my charger at work on weds.  and i cant get it til tomorrow. call me on travis' tomorrow.
Oh man so so so sleepy... And it's a late finish tonight with an early start tomorrow 
internet is semi working...i should probably do my washing tonight....before it gets to tomorrow and i have nothing to wear 
@minithommo game 7 @ 10am tomorrow morning on one hd cant wait. bet you miss home now 
its past my bed time... hopefully i will wake up in the morning and wont be sick  might go visit charlie the beagle tomorrow
I want to go swimming soon! But not tomorrow, too much works to do!  - http://tweet.sg
tomorrow is my birthdayy! im getting old 
i wish i were going to bamboozle tomorrow to see no doubt's big comeback.  i have to wait until june. boooo.
No ipods allowed during the race tomorrow! 
@davidleibrandt Wow, you're insomniatic..lol...sorry  haha you guys are having a show tomorrow right??
Heading back to ny for her race tomorrow- bye cornell 
the kentucky derby is today! and I didn't even go see ONE horse race... 
all shops are closed tomorrow  so go shop!@
cant believe tomorrow is already fucking sunday  where did the weekend go
@lindyyr yes cause you promsed you would be back tomorrow  i miss you sf
I can't believe I am graduating tomorrow. This sucks... 
@zimkarim tomorrow :| I'm so sad, I missed a good night home tonight, &amp;I'm gonna miss another one tomorrow 
No magic tonight,  prolly none tommorrow either, what am I gonna do with myself, oh I know, what I do when not playing, read about magic.
will be distracting myself with musictonight..running, la jolla's farmers market for flowers and everything in between until 5pm tomorrow 
goodnight peeps! work at 2 tomorrow 
I'm on a really good writing jag, but I really have to go to bed now.  Hopefully, I'll be up to finishing tomorrow.
@Dutch_Bitch nope, I'm working instore again tomorrow 
@dongwayne  meanie. i bring you 2 minute noodles tomorrow?
omg.. had slept again  tomorrow xams... but feeling sleepy 
i am getting really hyped for taz, i need to calm down... ill think about the athletics tomorrow and how much my knee is killing me 
isn`t excited for tomorrow. 
I'm sad becuase my baby is leaving tomorrow... 
@Mikespencer1 Have a drink (or 5) for me today  i'm sat at home feeling sorry for myself... hoping i will feel better tomorrow!
@clay645 @Popcorninvasion but then work wil  be busy 
Leaving tomorrow is going to be the sucks.  i love this island 
tommorow go to campus again! 
is missing her hubby and dreading the root canal tomorrow...yikes 
@DavidArchie hey david.. got any study tips for me? i have a final tomorrow 
@stephaniepratt crazy, was  gon start it tomorrow too, but backed out cuz I don't think I can skip the gym 
don't wanna travel tomorrow 
going to mass with kevin. doesnt want kevin to have to go home tomorrow 
it's my turn to miss pam today  rest well princess! hope to see you tomorrow!
night crazy world. hope the sickness is gone by tomorrow 
so i have to go to the police station tomorrow about my wreck 
yay my xbox is coming back tomorrow i would be so disappointed if it didnt come 
going to the doctors tomorrow  kinda scared!
home and off to bed -- early morning tomorrow  nighty nite.
@cliuless haha omg i have a final at 8am and i'm still doing my paper due tomorrow. hate finals week! 
@ matts ... let the holding begin.. tomorrow=hurt   but tonight=awesomeness
left id in vallejo  good thing i'm going back tomorrow
@Archial errrr can't remember any of my wow codes.  blizzard awaits my call tomorrow!
gd mornin' twitterworld! let today be a nice day and tomorrow please, too! I need it!being hungry and missing my bed 
Ahh! I should be in bed right now! I'm soo gonna be dead on my arse tomorrow.  goodnight...hopefully
slept a lot over the weekend, its almost 11.30 pm and not at all sleepy  and gotta work tomorrow!
That stuff was strong....it'a making me feel sick!  For sure not going to work tomorrow.
can't fall asleep and ap gov't testing is tomorrow. 
@gareth_james_fi well, bank holiday today of course, so tomorrow at the earliest 
Just getting to bed...I know hella late but not sleepy...see u guys @ work tomorrow...boo, the weekend's over 
Shocks! I'm in thermal shock... I feel dizzy right now... and I think I'm gonna have sore throat later or tomorrow. and I hope not... 
@sunshinebabyyy aww baby alva, i'm sowwwy  i love you. i hope you're okay! i'll call you tomorrow! xoxo?
@JacobLovie fine! don't belive me i will now go strop and try and do history coursework due in for tomorrow 
Is home from squash ... and will be very sore / sorry tomorrow 
@tamsul Yes..i'll be working tomorrow 
Going to bed, have to wake up early tomorow 
gotta hit the sack early tonight, work tomorrow morning. sometimes i forgot i'm only 23, i feel old! 
@finchfrii I wish I could go out and catch some rays, but I'm stuck painting.  Hopefully there is sun tomorrow!
I am home from the job I was so close to quitting today. heck, I am still close to quitting now. I dread going back there tomorrow 
kinda bummed  i hope tomorrow goes well (:
Finishin the first chapter of my bock.... tomorrow : 24 hs on duty at the hospital!!! 
Off to bed soon wish us good luck with the rest of the drive tomorrow... Only 8 hrs on the road left 
@cupcakeslam23 yeah it sucks  hopefully the streaming site will work tomorrow, so i can watch the rerun...
I'm dreading tomorrow morning, my sisters and I start training for the lb marathon  altho we plan to run to krispy kreme. Haha
is going to bed for an early start tomorrow ... sure wish i could been at the grand ole opry 
allison and KIMMUH are leaving tomorrow  I'll miss you guys
@evilesmile You're right, but I'm still jealousI don't think I'm going to be eating anything like that tomorrow.- Probably a salad.. 
@stevenkasprzyk I can't see my mom tomorrow.  how much for tickets?
is still slowly recovering from being sick and isnt ready to go back to work tomorrow 
I don't wanna drive home by myself tomorrow 
camp tomorrow wont be back until friday 
got my brother into geocaching and karoake. I leave tomorrow. 
looks like that camera &amp; me time is gonna be put back till tomorrow 
is really wanting to go to uni 2morrow 
I'm already panicing about tomorrow oh fgs 
@chelsiebabez i soo wish i could but probs not tomorrow  u got it? x
@stavsxx some here rather pisses me off  going to ring them up tomorow as i havent gone over the limit!
gees , i have a media test tomorrow 
@crazilazigurl not good miserable lol how abouy yourself XD also man i got alot of coursework to finish in for tomorrow 
@pageantmalarkey nice. I still haven't bought your pressie.  are you doing anything tomorrow or saving for weekend? X
I'm waiting tomorow 
im getting my braces tightened tomorrow! 
I forgot my lunch today  i'm gonna be hungry tonight!
Only I would break ankle on vacation  Pins in tomorrow, wish me luck!
@NKOTBmama well I got to go to bed got to work early  catch ya sometime tomorrow
no the link faild  sorry i will upload it tomorrow
my tummy still hurts  thank god I'm going in late tomorrow.
tomorrow will be brutal.  why  its a cold and broken hallelujah
@inrsoul ooh. That sounds good. @belindaang is down so doubt we should meet tomorrow. 
@yvonneduong imma bomb a test tomorrow too!  i miss you &lt;3 get some sleep!!!!!
my lower stomach is burned  when i go tanning tomorrow i am leaving my underwear on. tmi? maybe.
Oh my god, why can't I fall asleep? I want to! But I can't  I'm going to be soo tired tomorrow.
watching some tv then going to bed. greys anatomy finale tomorrow!!!! 
wanting to sleep. somewhat finished project but handing it in unfinished anyway. doctors tomorrow 
Today was bad  binged and purged twice  tomorrow nothing but breakfast and coffe for sure!
Wow I have to wake up hella early tomorrow. 
@UseTrojan aww man i heard! you guys suck for going all late  &amp;&amp; no she didnt but i heard about it lol go tomorrow i work with april 
damn i woke up too late now i have 5 mins for coffee  but its my birthday tomorrow  #mcfly
eww i work 3-midnght tomorrow 
e.r. tomorrow  ugh this is no bueno 
....fml i have a weakness for chocolate.... i guess that means a lap tomorrow 
ahh whose excited that its friday tomorrow? well i have an english assesment 
@jamesmiller123 its friday tomorrow  yesssss! got a science project due though  gay! how r u? xxx
is sick..  i hope i'll be okay tomorrow so i can go with my friends
Home from work. No party tomorrow have to work saturday 
Ugh french test todayyyyyy  tomorrow's friday - YAY!!!!!!!!!
preparing for extra n extra classes tomorrow   i rly need a vacation hua.
@MaddyJonasx3 probably go to their concert. But my mom said def not the one tomorrow 
dammit!!! I just got a call to do z rock tomorrow but I'm not in town 
on da way to a bbq than 6am flite tomorrow bak to atl 
sleep, then drivers ed. push play moves tomorrow 
is very sad to be getting ready to say goodbye to my little brother at his memorial tomorrow.  
at 1000 islands...  gona miss wonderland tomorrow 
in new york city till tomorrow morning  wish i could stay longer
will skip the veggie pride parade tomorrow...too much to do/pack  
@BJpickleman No bj  had to babysit.... Hopefully tomorrow
i wish that i could shake this cough. i have the cutest outfit to wear tomorrow but no plans  fixxx that?
alright, I am off to bed, alot to do tomorrow before the show 
tweet tweet... no matter if inspiration comes at midnight... I have to go to sleep  see you tomorrow!!!
@jjdaco yeah I can talk for like 30 min. I need to get up at 6 tomorrow 
@itsdoro whats with all the sad finales! boo  damn i have pd due tomorrow. otherwise i'd wath greys. maybes later hehe.
mondays kill me  gotta get up at 6.15 am.... but greys nd private practice tonight!!
Economics Midterm paper tomorrow and i've only covered like 5% of everything. HAHA. *sigh* sad oh 
just got back from the hard rock casino..i lost 10 bucks, oh well. I'm more concerned about opening tomorrow morning. meh!  9 comes early 
I will be majorly bummed if nobody wants to come with us to lahottan tomorrow 
gotta wake up earley tomorrow 
Augh gotta finish lost finale tomorrow haha i am sleepy 
i think i should go and see a doc tomorrow  grrr 
i am currently peeing my pants about tomorrow 
@darwii aww are you going to come tommorow I hope so 
That was mean, I'm stressed because of the maths gcse I have tomorrow. But its not as bad as having incommunicado on tuesday 
My 2nd semester starts tomorrow  Why so soon? Why?!
stuck in orlando airport still  back to work tomorrow i think.
looking for a music studio in nashville: purchase or partnership.  leaving miami tomorrow 
spanish ib tomorrow  hardcore study time
really nervous about tomorrows exam 
@justineville g'night jus. won't see you tomorrow. 
*sigh* Maths exam tomorrow 
gah, I wish I could hear the whole radio show tomorrow  There should be a re-run
i gotta get to sleep now. i need to get up at around 5a.m tomorrow. 
I'm like, shaking :S just got out of bed, i can hardly stand up :S feel like i'm about to faint  not good, exams tomorrow and tuesday....
nothing, music test tomorrow  i still do not get twitter...
oh no, maths gcse tomorrow  i hope i do well.
i still need to find someone who will come to northampton with me tomorrow 
just been told to do a speech tomorrow, in front of an audiance, i have no idea why,how,where and which....not happy 
back to work tomorrow  wonder how long it will be before &quot;have you got anything for me&quot; is said...
Revision starts tommorrow.... 
Blahhh feel like shit and have tons to do tomorrow 
Oh dear...my neck is now crunching and popping too. Making an early trip to the health office before volleyball tomorrow  hope it'll be ok
good nite.....starting my diet over again tomorrow. 
lana has a headache.. she has to work tomorrow and she needs to go to the funeral home... o what to wear... 
sigh.. is it really monday tomorrow  where did the weekend go... why can't i be rich and not work... or at least work when i want to??
says homeee..gosh chemistry tomorrow   http://plurk.com/p/uhmg0
working til 7am... finishing laundry tomorrow with krista kris. than packing and leaving weds. afternoon 
awww buffy just killed angel and left sunnydale  sad ending! season 3 tomorrow&lt;3
@audreyhizzo I wanted to watch your training tomorrow  maybe friday
why am i up? i have to be up early tomorrow!! yuck 
night beeeeeeezzzzz's fly fly to boston tomorrow to bad the celtics lost 
Still don't know if the ex got parole - may find out tomorrow since it is the long weekend. The wait is hard 
Its monday tomorrow get to see my samples! But really feeling this vaca depression slowly sinking in 
i have to work tomorrow how  hope im okay cos today i have the cramps from hell 
@thatgirl_jana haha i wont see you tomorrow 
is gonna tottle off to bed. i needs sleep before tomorrow. was too lazy tonight and did no work  guilty 
english mystery story due tomorrow and cbf cos just got back from production practise     -sighss-
preparing for an interview as well as an appointment with my gynecologist tomorrow. A busy tuesday for me..... 
English lit and it exam tomorrow  bones upfront tonight!!
@thecarrow yeah, I hope so too, but I'm not home tomorrow! 
Looks like our beautiful riding week will start tomorrow   ...ok, so I guess I WILL finish painting the trim today.
looks like my printer won't come today  oh well it appears it will be here tomorrow and I really need to go do some errands.
tommorow me first exame!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i wanna do something fun tomorrow/today, but i doubt i will because i have two assignments waiting for me 
not looking forward to the dentist tomorrow   blah
training tomorrow. tsk. 
maths exam was so hard  english lit tomorrow. anybody got any tips?
one down, one more tomorrow..  vb program 
had to cancel @antidances  stupid cml got in the way. but meeting tomorrow!!! 
whyyyy am i still up. it's 2:30. and i'm still writing an english paper. i think i'll just sleep in every class tomorrow, yah? 
its raining, its pouring, and I love it. hopefully my tunnels get here tomorrow otherwise I won't get them til tues. or wed. 
i will not be tweeting tomorrow. or yes. mom told me not to bring the laptop 
afraid I can't make it to #awp tomorrow. crap 
533 is so early in the morning  okay, off to the barn and then work! tomorrow is my bday!
has to be up early tomorrow to fly out. sucky sucky 
is excited ot go shopping tomorrow, but doesnt want jana to move! 
wishes that tomorrow would not come.  #fb
Who is going THIBILS gathering tomorrow? I am, glad I got paid yesterday. @miamii oh baby 
ckk..these routines make me sick. i've to watch khr tomorrow asap, but choir ruins my beautiful plan 
@1ChazD To be honest not very productive but there is always tomorrow ;-) A bit worried about my grandfather, they say its not too good 
fuck this rain, cant do photoshoot tomorrow 
going shopping tomorrow. its not with anyonee special but atleast its someone 
cancel meeting my best friend tomorrow,,i'm so bump out,, i really missed her so much doesn't she knew that,,, 
ehhh stop raining! i want to play netball tomorrow 
tired.. freaking physics midterm tomorrow.   
adios twitter peoples. essay tomorrow. 
goodnight everybody!!! my long weekend is finally over!!      workin tomorrow!
@andreakjhg  feel better cholaa. i'll bring you some soup tomorrow if your not better, i hatteeloovveeeyouu&lt;3
Glass off and swell dropping,,, looks like its small for tomorrow 
@brandistarrxxx sorry your sick babe  hope tomorrow is a brighter day 
no hospo tomorrow  whats the world coming to?
the past two days all ive been doing is reading!!! getting all my errands done tomorrow then workin at 3:30... i miss sam 
Lakers better get a big fat W tomorrow or it'll be 2 more bottles for me! 
im not that tired....but i open tomorrow.... 
phoenix tomorrow... no all day manny fun 
@maykobe24 naaah.  I've been mia. Shiiit LOL.  I might not be able to tweet tomorrow during the game either 
ewww not school tomorrow o well i got back from vegas today  i had a great memorial weekend? did u?
working again tomorrow 12 - idk. still missing @GeGibbs like crazy 
@Fearnecotton lovin radio 1  I'm bored bivisin  biology gcse tomorrow!!!!  can you play paramore-brighter please?
so effing tired...air repair ppl here @ 9am tomorrow. MUST finish ch. 2 tomorrow to start paper due monday. So far I hate this class. 
@2good2waste not tonight bb....tomorrow....gotta get up early 
@ddlovato if i die tomorrow? i will never know the date of the song  love ya ;)
ki: theory played at the jewish mother tonight - bought a cd...i have to get shots tomorrow  i hate needles!!!!
http://twitpic.com/65xps - What happened baby?you're sleeping while you were studying?? Ibund miss you here  can't wait for tomorrow w ...
@melaniemj i'm sad that i'm gonna be missing smitty's tomorrow morning 
My baby moves tomorrow 
2 more craft projects to go. amber's senior walk and picnic tomorrow...have to be up at 630 
@Arezou007 but shes leaving tomorrow. they dont shoot outside any more at the set.  i have so much math maaan yikes help me
so cleaning my room was an epic fail!  oh well, i'll continue tomorrow!
Unless a miracle happens, i will not be heading to wembley to watch the mighty #everton tomorrow. 
dont wanna work 11-830 tomorrow  but i get paid
No churchill downs for me tomorrow 
bout to watch notorious cause that's how i'm feelin now. wish i could eat something, but i can't.  surgery tomorrow. no food til saturday
with hubby at the dentist ready to hold his hand  and getting nervy about potentially buying a car tomorrow
what a bummer that tomorrow is friday again!  
leave for calcutta-delhi-lucknow tomorrow...10 days of absence!!! 
getting ready, waiting for cor, picking up josh, movies &amp; out to dinner - then trailer perhaps? baccck to work tomorrow  
hopefully im getting my new windows tomorrow. still using my mums lap... birthday tomorrow eve and facebook doesnt work somehow. 
I'm not ready for my baby to be 3 tomorrow  she is growing so fast....
@l0RENElAiNE I'm not goin have a way out there til b.dix gets off  but we swimming tomorrow !
have to put my dog down tomorrow. 
The pool doesnt open til tomorrow! 
@heresMonique hey u, no not yet  soon maybe tomorrow!
Spring cleaning for http://milliontreesnyc.org tomorrow. But the park I want to go clean is not accessible by public transportation. 
Playing with the munchkin today, talking cakes and getting ready for a yard sale tomorrow. Not looking forward to that 
@stevehills dad's been having fever since last nite and needs 2 bottles of blood trasfusion..loaded 1 today..1 to go tomorrow. 
As of tomorrow, both roomies will be gone 
Sitting in an almost empty dorm, waiting for jordan to come to take some last things and say good bye. He graduates tomorrow. 
I tired today I think I am gonna take a nap before our friends come over tonight....I miss him and wish he was off restriction already... 
woo hoo its friday!! ....wait.... i have to work at the cleaners tomorrow. 
were playing at 7 @ club impact tomorrow! finally got shirts! woopity doo! i want a slurpeeee sooo bad right now 
plans got ruined no blackstone  going to carnival tomorrow if the weather is good
i think they are working why eyes are drooping  its so weird being under drugs i dont like it ... cant wait for tomorrow though
I wanna make a new vlog update tomorrow. But I have homework to do as well. 
nto looking forward to visiting my unc in hospital tomorrow... 
YAY jack won. but downer i've just remembered its friday meaning i have work tomorrow 
@thomasfiss i flew from washington to calfornia , are you still gonna be at the meet&amp;  greet tomorrow ? 
bored bored bored! wish i had something to do tomorrow, especially with the weather we're to have!  not fair
going to watch some tv now - crazy night out - up at 7am for work tomorrow  I'll live somehow! At least it means I finish early!
i'm thinking that tonight's plans are not gonna happen. sigh...sadface. i shouldn't be surprised, but i am. 
thinking lots of revision tomorrow  woo, hope it a sunny one.
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh friday..and I work tomorrow 
@bigkelleh i am sorry  that sucks. i got my overtime in my check already today....now i am really tempted to blow off tomorrow
sitting at home cuz my plans for tonight cancled  but they are on for tomo so that makes me happy  ctc or txt me!
wonders if anyone would care if she died tomorrow 
I love my brothers  I miss them, I see them tomorrow! They  are my rock.
@omoly girl i am buying &amp; posting your pressie tomorrow but i have no fucking clue what to get you so i'm sorry if you hate it 
not ready to say goodbye to spring awakening tomorrow. ugh  anyone else going to be there???
I'll have to take a picture of the moon tomorrow night  not gonna happen today :/
tomorrow should be good. but apparently no movies 
@mofranco sorry mo. we thought that u have to work tomorrow  we go to the casino together too :?)
My friend ..has cancelled on me for tomorrow, Now i have nothing to do...this makes me sad...  xxxxxx
needs to write term paper by monday  busy tonight, busy tomorrow, busy sunday  shit. i need to fix my priorities.
@OnyXx_B all the shows are sold out  so I have to wait til tomorrow or sunday...
Finally finished all my prep for tomorrow as well as my usual tasks, baking lemon cake at 1.00am never a good move 
should i go out? or stay in? tomorrow im going to get my blood taken 
@katerehmann oh no haha cabin = bad news! Unfortunately I work both jobs tomorrow 
I'm starting to feel better and had dinner....but human1 is still planning to take me to the vet tomorrow.  
@RobAlmanza enjoy ur evening...u work tomorrow 
super bummed..dont think i can play tomorrow 
just got word that I will be working longer then expected tomorrow at the flagship ... lets just say I am not thrilled 
awesome lunch date today  work 7-2 tomorrow  then with the boyfriend &lt;3 xo
cpa studying starts tomorrow.. see you in 6 months 
 i wish i could have gone tonight i hope every one has a blast cant wait to see every one wednesday
Is anyone not busy tomorrow and is able to lend me a digital camera? I need one asap. 
@muhranduh  it's ok. call me tomorrow
All my teams are losing  come on michigan! Losers bracket double header tomorrow!
headin to da funky phish for my last time ever. it's closing tomorrow 
is gonna have to go to the doctor tomorrow 
I'm sitting here thinking about this weekend...worrying about da amt of noise my neighbor is going 2 bring me tomorrow...I feel defeated 
is so exhausted I can hardly sleep anymore and I have to wake up at 5:30 tomorrow and the sad part is that I don't have skool  miss them!
stickam tomorrow night.. sound wont work 
tomorrow is the anime convetion and i don't think i could make it....  so sad
well todays 12hr shift is over.. not wanting to do tomorrows.. 
@fridley My belt buckle will be paying for it tomorrow  
Eatinnn jellybeans, about to go to sleeep since evan did  work tomorrow 4-10
Off 2 bed, not really looking foward 2morrow 
Never leaving my bed. I don't wanna go to training tomorrow. 
so excited to sleep in tomorrow...til 9:30. LOL  one week til yankees!!! goodnight!
@tnikolaisen for sure! I'm leaving tomorrow at 7am till monday night tho then i start work tuesday  but anything i know about ill let  ...
@apercheddove  okay! I will talk to you tomorrow then.
blech! thought i worked at 7 tomorrow but i actually work at 3. 
@mcm180  she leaves tomorrow. I sincerely have no idea what I'm going to do with myself.
Again! This is just too late to be going to sleep  I have to wake up much earlier tomorrow to teach class *sigh* Night all! xoxoxo
i hate my friends.. or rather, i hate that they're 3.5 hrs away... wish i could go to owensboro tomorrow ...  miss you guys.
Just lost in the semis  super tired. It was a really close game tho, now i gotta rest for tomorrow's event
has to work tomorrow at 9am so hopefully there won't be any eye puffiness. How embarrassing 
sorry i screwed up. I was wrong.......... text it tomorrow. 
Man, my eyes are going to be swollen tomorrow 
ok.. yourgtland at 1030pm... not a good thing! specially when u need to move tomorrow. 
Leaving az tomorrow 
aghh so tired...and i gotta get up early tomorrow 
off to work. dont work tomorrow morning. wants to go back to sleep so bad. 
@wendyrockstar awe I wish huni gotta be on air tomorrow  I'm just learning my kiwi roots lol I'll see yo ass tomorrow
I am finished, going to a hotel, landlord says that they may come &amp; fix a/c tomorrow...it seems since tues w/out a/c is not long enough 
PS. i wish i could go to the after party..but back to work tomorrow. gah 
@DHughesy I'm home and in bed  I'm bored tho, not tired yet. What should I do tomorrow, hmmm?
@the_apostate thank you for that and for the rainfall - hopefully tomorrow I can have some space for me 
@kyuhyunniexlor yes  tomorrow. but we'll see each other again soon. 
feeling ill  gross! but have sorted out my shoot tomorrow, yay!
i miss him. i really dont want to go to that sleepover party tomorrow, but autumn would kill me if i didnt.   
@opie8103 haha, I figured. I hope its this pretty tomorrow, cuz I'm omw to bmnt to sail a vsl... 
don't want her housemates to be back.pretty sure they will be back in a group tomorrow 
Looks like planes to get with J-club will have to wait tell tomorrow 
officially packing up the apt. it wont hit me till tomorrow 
maria didnt go shopping with me!!!! tomorrow ill go shopping .. 
aaw, i had a live connecion with the peformance of the boss! @ pinkpop ;D but than boem, it was gone  waiting till tomorrow then ..
@ashbeehottie fam party and bowlin and possibly a bar. I work at 9am tomorrow 
@sassamo drink all night. Then I leave tomorrow  come with meee
dad just left for dover... wish I was going for the race tomorrow 
@KirstyAnnx3 :O id wear a high factor if i were you! im SO burnt today, itll be even worse tomorow!! 
arghhhh back to work 2morrow! 
@purpledaisybug - yeah, but, ..  it means that I'm not going to the stable tomorrow. I'll have to go on monday.
well twitter, i guess..this is..goodbye! :O ..i'll see you tomorrow  xo
got a wee bit more sunburnt today  gutted i have to work again tomorrow 
going to have some wine now i think., going to watch some little britain i think tonight. I am working tomorrow also 
last evening in braintree  home tomorrow. ho hum.
its supposed to be nice tomorrow again but im going to my grans so wont be able to enjoy t 
i dont know why but i just feel really depressed  hopefully tomorrow ill feel better
off to bed, soooo tired. homework tomorrow 
well its 5! on my way home! would be happy, but i gotta do it  all over tomorrow. 
@Auchentrae oh you missed the sunshine  hope your not working tomorrow to ? baby sitting go ok ?
beverly center here i come to shop away!! need dress for awards tomorrow 
update! tuesday-saturday= fun  tomorrow = revision  but i'm happy if i have sunshine! could do with some credit though man!
really want sushi, but not got any  maybe tomorrow
Its my turn to be up with nathan tomorrow so I should have been asleep ages ago, but its just son damn noisy outside. 
just got done getting ready for tonight. hope it will be fun.need some fun these days! not looking forward to tomorrow  gonna be a sad day
chicago tomorrow  flying alone. xanax. yes.
right off to bed! r.e studying tomorrow  niiiiiiiiiiight xxxx
grrr.. why'd i have to have soccer tomorrow? could've gone to wonderland. 
I'm exhausted. The cleaning is done, the packing is done and everything is ready for tomorrow. Now a nap before I go to work tonight. 
ugh bed. don't want tomorrow to come.. it's sunday 
baby sitting and I'm so sleeeepy! I cannot believe tomorrow is already sunday... 
@DopeScience sowwy  i didn't think you'd recognize me, i aint wanna come off like a stalker or nuthin! do you work tomorrow?
is packing to go home tomorrow! goodbye sunny california! 
Going to singapore tomorrow. I really don't want to go! I want to spend my holiday with my boyf.. 
Lunch is nearly over  seeing the boi tomorrow 
Sleeep...:0 But no singing tomorrow. 
ok, i'm off to bed. have to study tomorrow... missing my guys!  xx
@crispyd @cesboogie @m3lissad aww i dont think i can come tonight. stuff came up and now i have to wake up early tomorrow. 
nooo. i finished my assignment thats due tomorrow. and my computer turned off . . i didnt save any of it  maannn. back to work 
My profile looks so sad with the little ripped icon      I'll work on it tomorrow- *phases*
may have a play date tomorrow hehehe :-D hope you all are having fun and i still don't know what's going on with mars 
damn i have a drama review due tomorrow    better get working then
@tiffunnyfranco awww that's mean! But the hil finale is tomorrow 
drama assignment, didnt know the draft was due tomorrow, eeek 
@boomx17 yus, I did. and I couldn't find anything   I'll go down there again tomorrow and search before I leave!
needs to finish homework tomorrow or im dead...... 
I do not feel like driving up to edison alone tomorrow 
confirmation tomorrow. what to wear?!?! i wish i could go to the concert and see my friends perform 
results are in..; she cant take me,she has tafe 2morrow at 4:30 
feels like putting off till tomorrow the things I should do today - work may get in the way though!! 
Gots to wake up early tomorrow. 
is it really really work tomorrow??? How did the weekend pass sooo quick 
 AND maths exam tomorrow; just to make life even bettter....
today is her last sunday of work, tomorrow onwards, mon-fri shift, like &quot;normal&quot; people... 
My damn phone is finally charging again..sooo mad i hve to go to work tomorrow 
@hollybebs yah dey said dey going hop around. I got a shoot then got races tomorrow, so no can  Have fun and be safe! We'll party soon!
@GITBC not really no  tomorrow though maybe, you free?
had an awsome day! dont want to leave tomorrow!! 
stupid fever! sad to say, i can't go out with my friends tomorrow. 
tomorrow is @katyperry in holland and i'll be not there 
tired cause i just got up sad today is sunday still wishing it was saturday.and dont want to go to school tomorrow.       
@shickfan It's sunday which means I have to go to work tomorrow. 
wish i had tomorrow off... cos i thought all weekend i did.. until i checked the roster again.. and it confirmed that i didnt. 
aww .. still busy preparing for tomorrow's party .. i'm kinda tired already .. 
Speaking of camp, I don't wanna go to camp tomorrow  I hate camps ugh, ugh, ugh!
Renire have you met alanas mums girlfriend yet? she's really nice. see you tomorrow? 
wish i wasnt going back to school tomorrow  i want to wear my new top :'( oh well i will just have to wait till the weekend.
I'm gonna sleep... I've got no mood to work!  I realli need to work hard tomorrow!
Staycation's over, goes back to work tomorrow 
cerini tomorrow!!! psyched to see pop and erica... then won't see them ever again at cerini because of opposite shifts...wack 
i hate being sick  i need to get better so i can focus on my final tomorrow.
Going to chicago to see the harry potter exhibit tomorrow then back to dtown to pack and start saying my good byes 
My mom just asked me if I can skip training tomorrow because it's flooded near our village.  I don't want to.
getting bored.... now i have to mug up some pages from hajra choudhray if i wanaa save myself 4m getting scrwed in viva tomorrow 
revising for maths exam tomorrow  good luck everyone who is taking it lol  xx
is going back to manila tomorrow!  hello again real world [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/xg8ut
ok i'ma head to bed. have to be really early in the office tomorrow.  
had a great night, despite the massive hangover headache that i'm now experiencing...tommy's bacalaureate at 4 &amp; back to work tomorrow 
@stephlester gayest anniversary ever, i want alex, i hate doing maths. gr @ tomorrow 
no bryant vs lebron   oh well, it's time for stand up tonight, car payings tomorrow, and then the shore
sami: i'm tired. have to work tomorrow 
@sweetheart2010 pool agaain? I would come but I have a paper due tomorrow  have fun!
omg half term is over  cannot face schol tomorrow
has had a lovely weekend in brighton and dont want to go home tomorrow 
off to the malll ; i really dont want to do swimming in gym tomorrow 
ooooh i feel so ill and its not a hangover  not goood when you have assessments tomorrow 
arse. back to work tomorrow. holidays always pass to quickly for my liking. 
@jessiesaly oh no  I hope you feel better for tommorow
@sarahspence93 yeah i voted!!! its not on til tomorrow in england 
I have meetings tomorrow  oh no! Boriinngggg!
Oh feck, tis back to 'school' for me tomorrow 
@niiicolebby idk, i will look at the big timetable tomorrow...+ let you know...i'm pretty sure it's like 3.45 
If anyone wants a free dog, there are 2 at the petco in murrieta til 4:00pm. If they don't get saved they will be put to sleep tomorrow 
is bummed that, however much being home bound sucks, he has to go back to work tomorrow. 
@witenike sundays make people anxious because the working class heads back to the office tomorrow.  
been loving the sun today xD maths exam tomorrow tho  hope its sunny again tho! =]
@tommcfly there is a preview of new moon... im so excited :p, we dont get to see it in the uk till tomorrow night @ 9 on mtvone 
Does not want to go back to work tomorrow she just wants to be wiv her hubby 
just got up. wish i could just stay in bed till tomorrow. got nothing done today 
is sad that adam has gone now and is not looking forward to work tomorrow 
Maths exam tomorrow. That is not gooood 
Right, at 10.30pm it's way too warm here for me to sleep, yet I am tired and desperately need some zzzs before tomorrow. 
tomorrow's not a late start monday 
is sat at home suffering with bad sunburn and thinking over what happened today!!  shame it's back to work tomorrow!!! 
Guess I can just go tomorrow... 
@Applecored oh mystery like, you tease  *sigh* must be off in about 30 minutes I cannot be kanckered for tomorrow  *sniff*
Maths exam tomorrow  maybe i should find a calculator
trying this out...bored and don't want to go to work tommorrow 
going to bed, wish me luck for my exams tomorrow  ergh im so not looking forward to them at all  night
has a geometry final tomorrow. oh boy 
@thestorygoes i hope so. I work tomorrow so this needs to go away stat. im stayin coz I dont have the energy to go home. 
has maths exam tomorrow - cry 
soooo tomorrow should be eventful; nice fail in maths in store for me! byeeee, sweet dreams!!  p.s i miss you  x.
@HazelMears I'm the bloomin' same matey!  Should be in bed as working early tomorrow, but wide awake.  
Coding a website can take a long time.  I will publish my new website tomorrow.
Finally relaxin with my sweetheart..back to work tomorrow 
@hiiibim  have a safe flight tomorrow bb . imy 
ok half term in over.. back to normal from tomorrow 
@rosisella nvm they play in tampa bay tomorrow. 
and cannot stop thinking about him, just wanna go and sit in his cage and sleep until tomorrow, but it's too small 
@starbetter  geo test tomorrow  then a sociology one tues!
im soo nervous about tomorrow I could puke. 
@InKatlinsPahnts gooooood, (: but boring -.- *snoree* tomorrow is monday  *sniffle* 5 more days! wahooo yours?
cannot sleep  must get some shut eye because i've got loads to do in the tomorrow...but wait! it's already tomorrow! yikes!
i totally forgot tht civics packet is due tomorrow.  i also have to read 1984. ima start reading now.. i dont get it at all 
I have no energy and no appetite...I don't wanna go to work tomorrow 
goin to bed and tomorrow school. argh, i don't want to go 
@jose_qt sorry jose. :/ in will always do so in the future. they think i may be able to leave tomorrow! i still can't walk though 
allergiess are killin meeee  bout to find a outfit for tomorrow!! skool is almost ovaaaa
@LesbianTrucker looks like we both have hella long days tomorrow 
long relaxing weekend w/some unexpected events. ugh not good ones either  but i think all will be ok after talking to drs tomorrow : /
just got in the crib, dreadin goin to work tomorrow, 
tom please do a meet tomorrow with the fans outside of your hotel. i've been waiting outside for 5 days 
ok....I'm getting sleepy now and laptop is cooking me...more tomorrow I guess 
just found out who he really is. i feel so betrayed and sad. tomorrow is going to suck. fuck it all 
ahhhh, i want to go see all time low tomorrow 
iSticker finished!!! I am exhausted  sh*t tomorrow still need to work.
night guys! early dentist appointment tomorrow ughh i hate those 
getting my wisdom teeth pulled out tomorrow  but i cant wait to go back to boston!!
okay...goodnight all, saving the rest of my disappointment for tomorrow... 
hooray! i finally get to go to bed! got to get up early, i'm heading back to the gym tomorrow 
going to sleep..wanted to go to the lake tomorrow or today but b is being a party pooper 
Is cannot waiy for tomorrow but I'll be missing my baby 
Is cannot wait for tomorrow but I'll be missing my baby 
one more piece of work to do....due in on friday. oh, and then theres that presentation at 9 am tomorrow morning 
gotta wake up early tomorrow but i dont want to sleep 
I want to forget all my worries and throw them aside, but I can't with math holiday homework due this wednesday and tomorrow's full 
misses pretty  someones getting flowers tomorrow 
@dulcinaya i recognized the pic, funny. I'll see you tomorrow, nitey nite. I am working earrrrrrrly 
@danniSTACK lucky bitch haha Aww no pastee tomorrow?  haha or singing the milk song :L
damm it i gots maths tomorrow lol 
@barnisa yep, i'm going back tomorrow  i miss my 'rents.
is really bored ! and doesnt want to study for geo tomorrow ! hasnt even started 
i wish i was going to skool tomorrow 
going to bed. have to wake up at 6.20 am tomorrow morning  off to hurstville for some yum-cha. wooo.
wants my baby to text or call me  ugh he sleeps too much .. but i go to chicago tomorrow !!! yes !
5 days flew by like nothing  don't wanna leave again tomorrow *clings to berlin ground*
@Artemyss I wanted to be there! shiva burnt my asshole out of spite!  p.s. i hate u, I was suppose to be NINJAd tomorrow 
Clutch cable won't be fixed until tomorrow 
is dreading english and geog tomorrow 
studio booked tomorrow 5pm till 9pm yeah babyyyyyyy lets go lets go lets go!!! sorry i let u down today guys 
taking Colleenie-chan to her interview then back home to study  foot still hurts may have to go to the drs tomorrow.
@tylerceerius wish i could go to the show tomorrow! 
@melissaha hooray your back! I want to come by and check out the casa this week but am getting all my wisdom teeth removed tomorrow. 
 me too. I wish you could but you've gotta save your petrol. I'll try come earlier tomorrow if I can.
Watchout theres ghosts tonight, and then work tomorow 
Is in  good mood.. sunshine = happiness, shame about the exams tomorrow 
@jimmycarr jimmy I never knew you were doing a show up there. Wish I had known as I live not 5 minutes from there  off to turkey tomorrow!
@LoveBuzz0 me too  my mums making me go home tomorrow until uni starts again, and liam doesnt seemed arsed, surprise surprise  sulkkk x
tomorrow i prepare to fail  I don't understand any of it can't wait until its ok though 
@twit_ch That's the one. I don't want to get as far as angry or I will just be up all night and in a terrible state tomorrow. 
i have to clean the house cuz they're putting it up for sale tomorrow 
I need a lift home after the english exam tomorrow 
ughh. 7 days left of schooool. finals start tomorrow 
The server chasis hasn't come yet  maybe tomorrow.
@smileylaurenn awhh, hope you feel okay soon  &amp; good luck with the english exam tomorrow x
@nathaliecorona are you packed for your trip yet? i'm freaking out about tomorrow  dr's aptm
night night people i missing u all a ready  i don't wanna go but i have to ill be back tomorrow woohoo lol 
loving the gorgeous weather...shame I've gotta go back to work tomorrow where it's as hot as a sauna 
@speightsphoto - you have nooo idea how suckful it is right now!  I would be in shorts tomorrow if not for a public presentation!  
i wanna se mcfly at caceta NOW :~ but i have to wait until tomorrow night 
I dont wanna get divorced tomorrow 
okay I lied....gym will have to wait till tomorrow 
My 4yr son has to have a colonoscopy tomorrow morning and cant eat anything else today. He's starving and its killing me! 
want to go to bed cos i'm so tired but just can't peel myself away from the laptop. loads to do tomorrow 
im going to miss tuesday tank day tomorrow 
@annaiskicking geez anna, when are you leaving tomorrow? 
studying for portwoods exam tomorrow!; just finished typing 30 recipes for 1st hour; it made 17 pages  poor trees !
@Jewelbug19 no shirt to be found.  don't really want to head the mall tomorrow, either.
nate leaves tomorrow 
ohhh j/k no package till tomorrow 
really bad stomachache  pizza party tomorrow &amp; i dont think imma go to school tomorrow! but, i can have my own lil party WHOOT!(:
Goddamnit wont be able to ride my bike tomorrow  unless we get done b4 5ish.
@rachyfbaby yeah, then gotta open tomorrow... So much fail 
I need to get some shit together for enchanted rock tomorrow! I hope its not sweltering outside 
@ddubsbostongirl do you wanna do my planning for tomorrow's lessons???  no one does lol
cant believe i forgot about the bachelorette, will have to watch online tomorrow 
goin to sleeping but sad beacose tomorrow have sports 
making pasta while cramming for my english final tomorrow!! 
@diegoluishbfly pretty bleak  i hurt my knee in basketball and have to go see the doctors tomorrow for it ugh! Lol but im strong and ok!
I have to crash early for the plane ride tomorrow.... 
would really like to be asleep. my leg feels like it is being chopped off :| i think i might cry of tiredness tomorrow.  owww.
work tomorrow, grandpa and norma show up tomorrow night 
last track meet ever tommorow 
@renster27 aw  welll you should go see the last part of promotionnnn. i might be singing, ms. milling posts the list tomorrow.
im moving tomorrow  my house is no longer
@bestieblondie7 i'm watching the colbert report and not being happy to go to work tomorrow 
Has A LOT to do do tomorrow now boo!!  This was NOT in my schedule but nothing I can do about it...so I'll suck it up!
TWO tests tomorrow! yikes. 
@CT415 aww..girl...maybe you should see a doc if it still hurts tomorrow? 
funeral tomorrow uncle died 
@jilliilliillian  i can't do anything tomorrow anymore,, but i'll be free on wednesday!!
i'm gonna have 2 finals tomorrow  science and reading.
not looking forward to the finals tomorrow  especially since i have geography up first. on the brightside, school's letting out early. &lt;3.
Wku orientation tomorrow, I'm kinda nervous 
@davis_b i dont want classes to start tomorrow 
ahh man.. I just did my first showcase and I drew a blank on a line..  luckily my partner saved me..pray for me tomorrow..please..
Needs to get some sleep, finals tomorrow 
is doing nothing...and loving it :-D bak to work tomorrow 
so sleepy. harvard graduation officially starts tomorrow. i'm gonna miss my boys. 
@MyzGina I am...goin to the shop tomorrow to chop it all off  I have no choice.
Missed twitter! I wont be seeing classlists tomorrow 
epic fail this evening in doing anything  going to bed early and hope tomorrow has better results.
I gotta go to bed too  I have a presentation tomorrow.
ewwwwww assignment due tomorrow and im not finnised!!!!! 
I miss him  Days when everything reminds me of him.. ... They SUCK! So onto tomorrow
Feeling incredibly sick, doc says I have a flu and should not work tomorrow, but have to 
got my braces off today haha. plate tomorrow. all very exciting. if only i didnt have the doom of exams to bring everything down 
is reading on tomorrows exam 
@rahnocerous i dont knoooow  im going to go into the studylink centre in nelson tomorrow and try talk to them. its so hard on the phone
@SpringWestEnd missin the show guys, its just so sad, and annoying because my exams finish tomorrow and would have come tomorrow evening 
have no plan tomorrow! It's not good...hmmmm 
i have to go back to work tomorrow. that's no fun 
Aaaaaaaaaaargh i am so gonna fail tomorrow i know nothing about higher chemistry  x
heard tomorrow is bandh bholi ko #midweekcrisis k garne 
English was gooood but dreading history tomorrow 
http://twitpic.com/6gk57 - I have to compile these information and summarize them into reports by tomorrow at 5 p.m.  I.love.my.job,  ...
is going to warrnambool and has hiphop lessons tomorrow! truly excited but i can't sleep. 
Hopefully I can get my pink boots tomorrow to cheer me up 
@TheWych sorry mate, we dropped out of everything- the power is out!  We'll have to reload tomorrow night 
very very tired there wont be a chance to take a nap today 
@Fearnecotton sun? what sun? its gone away in north scotland    prob snow tomorrow!
neck still sores... still feeling tired bcos of it  ... hope it gets better tomorrow
hanging on in there until mri tomorrow 
@beetleatbay i'm jealous  i don't get paid til tomorrow so i can't buy it until then   
eye doctor appointment tonight  .....boreddd....can't wait till tomorrow...
upset cause my bab wont come do lunch with me today 
Just revising for a French speaking test tomorrow, French is so fucked up and i dont see the point in it, i cud be playin rs rite now  
just got home. hating the vocab final tomorrow 
my car leaves for chicago tomorrow..! 
@tim6350 any big plans for tomorrow?hope the weather is nice at least,we've finally hit low 60's with help from sun tomorrow cool and wet 
I'll try again tomorrow, but the paper goes to bed tomorrow night  Just a leetle disheartened tonight...
No way am i gonna finish this coursework for tomorrow 
yes. I should go to sleep.. Last and worst final tomorrow..  xx night!
ugh.... dont wan to get up early tomorrow but it has to be done 
so cant be botherd tonite 
is sad that all of his senior friends are graduating tomorrow. 
@the_clash so apparently i cant go with you guys on thurs. james has to work an he doesnt want me going w.o him 
just finished dinner. kinda tired. kinda bored. hoping for a wonderful day tomorrow. ugh. choir concert is tomorrow. 
i really really want to see @jason_mraz at festival pier in august, but i am so poor. and tomorrow is no service fee on livenation, too! 
spanish final &amp; pre cal final &amp; chem presentation tomorrow f my life 
I'm kinda nervous about tomorrow.  It could potentially be a disaster.
really hope im feeling okay tomorrow night. i miss my boy 
i leave to go back to reno tomorrow morning  im sad i do not want to leave....
I just got home..... All star Tuesdays are great!!  , now i gotta get ready to go to this funeral tomorrow 
oh geez, finals start tomorrow 
Adanto project due tomorrow.   Urrg!! I am going to be up all night. This sucks butt.
well, actually i have to sleep now  i dont want but i have to... tomorrow i'll have modern dance in the evening, great!, ok.. bye twit .
needing sleep but not gonna get any of that tomorrow 
@coryoguinn haha me too. But no I was in class. I was really sad!  maybe it will rain tomorrow! Lol
@andystorm  I feel so sleepy. But the thought of tomorrow brightens me up!
i dont want to do the english essay thing tomorrow 
why am i not falling asleep? oh right. i remember. camp. tomorrow. stupid camp.  i wanna stay here with everyone! especialy my biffle! 
@yurita86 no phone...    i'll probably get it tomorrow but it sucks cuz i needed it tomorrow
is going to the mothership tomorrow, so the alarm is set for 04:30  
haave to wake up early tomorrow 
I dont want to dissect the poor kitty tomorrow 
Going to the doctor tomorrow!! i need to go see what the hell is going on with my face 
going to sleep knowing my throat is going to hurt when I wake up tomorrow is unpleasant. 
@kevinfarewell why aren't you following me &amp; only following wil? 
nay looking forward to tomorrow 
@martibelle let's cut back on those last 3 words, you're bringin' me downnnnnn.  Also, you'll be on point tomorrow with the 2.5 hrs :-D
tomorrow fb is leaving 
Making my presentation for tomorrow  Hopefully time will go quick cos I miss him..
lalalala. pretty stressed. trying to write a bio essay before camp tomorrow 
@XGraceStAcKX yeh, i know, i cant wait till tomorrow night it's too long!! plus i'll be out to dinner with em so i wont see it!!  xx
I need happiness and no stress, right now.  I'm scared of tomorrow
im so tired  .... and i need to be early tomorrow...
needs to earn some cashh(: cannot wait until tomorrow.i wana see my boy 
@justdresses I'm feeling a bt better now, I've taken LOADS of painkillers! and rested! I hope it goes tomorrow, I can't stand being ill 
finishing my history assignment. i havent organised anything. its due tomorrow morning.  looks like im gunna have a late night.
@KatieeMo i have dinner plans tomorrow but lets party afterward?! i wanted to hang last niiiight but i didnt know where yall was!  tear.
@NatalieBeauty Damnn that sucks, i ordered it and im getting it tomorrow. i thought i would be great.. 
@RoliPoliOli oli pleeeease!  tomorrow, I PROMISE.
@KatieSteed haa, whens your next exam? i have one tomorrow and day after, need these to end. and where did the sun go 
10units ftw. not  make tomorrow better please. sts and pi100 must gettt
@CarolinaDiva09 yea it is suppose to have storms tomorrow 
@BrodyJenner your not in london?? so your not going to be at sound tomorrow??  i had ticketss!!
super excited about tomorrow!!!! mexico here we come!! just hope i don't get sick like always 
by the looks of things, the single will be out for download tomorrow...... but as pre-release  4-5 weeks til its out
@Bsimi I would love to, but I won't make it into the city tonight till around 6:30 - 7  But... tomorrow I am @ social media camp!
@EmileeElectro :O that's one bad list  lets hope things go better tomorrow
is enjoying at here, but tomorrow going back ler..  http://plurk.com/p/y6yna
Evening, I so wanna book a show on reach for tomorrow before I go away....shame the website aint working 
@miss_devine I'd love to, but i'm working from 1 all the way through till 10:30 tomorrow 
@liiiindsaay the funny picture isn't already finish! sry but i can't show it yuo tomorrow 
Relaxing..getting our party ready later hahaha! Home tomorrow 
listening to schoolyard heroes &lt;3 i have an eye doctor appt tomorrow  then jennifer and brad are coming over 
what am i goin to do tomorrow! why doesnt anyone want to hang? 
ahh la familia loco comes tomorrow must prepare with hours of sleeep good night p.s i miss my sister 
im scared of the doctor appointment tomorrow 
@KChenoweth I'm sorry honey  hopefully tomorrow will be beautiful and amazing and not so icky *hugs*
@SmoovArt nah i never got it  but i haven't been on tonight though so it may be in my offline messages when i log on tomorrow.
I think i can't do basketball tomorrow sorry guys 
@chapel976 You can't be sick for tomorrow!   my mom said she'll babysit so we don't have to take him with us to the show. its only 2 hrs.
@kinoklub dude i can't pop by tonight!  danas ne mogu. sutra sam at the face of the place. i vi isto naravno. all good in the hood.
Home now, but I gotta work tomorrow, so it's not the weekend yet 
@owlssayhooot I know! I have prom tommorrow and I'm hoping it becomes nice out again 
sitting at my desk eating cherries....wishing there wasn't snow in the forecast for tomorrow 
Maybay tommorow will be better, but now.......... 
MISRIBLE. 8 true friends well thats not good  charter fair tomorrow
@leslie__ann trip with grandma got cancelled, she broke her toe  !! sosad. but...it means that i'll be at javi's party tomorrow!
@rudedoodle She is, 2 legs on! looks like rain tomorrow though 
poopy weather  SATs tomorrow...kill me
really wish i could go to the bead show tomorrow   soooo beautiful out!! taking bunny outside 
wich I didn't have to wake up so early tomorrow  But a dancer has to do what a dancer has to do!
@awhester i know,  but it's tomorrow. I'll see you then? Preparty at dan's. He just doesn't know yet. Lol
damn, seems that there are problems with the vpn... have to try it tomorrow again 
@hef_a_roni no I can't  I'll be there tomorrow ...  plus if I'm not there you will flip out :p
TGIF.........yay weekend!  aw crap..just remembered i gotta work tomorrow...boo weekend... 
@EboNyWeLovE myrtle beach, hunny! It's a lil cloudy and thenboys ain't out!  maybe tomorrow!
@jackie_greene wish i could see the show tomorrow but it's sold out. good for you, bad for me 
Looks like I'm working tomorrow.  
is going to head off to bed now...revision tomorrow.yippeeeee. I want to go on a picnic,damnit 
silk road ensemble premiere's layla and majnun tomorrow and i won't be there 
wakeup call tomorrow  . go me!
@ToriJLB I just saw the message  I will see u tomorrow though so we talk about babies haha
@moniquejonas its alright  i might see him tomorrow i guess have fun!
chillin at home gettin ready for my SATs tomorrow...this suks 
Just got to las vegas last night but am goin home tomorrow!!! 
freaking sat tomorrow  fml
fml. sat's tomorrow. 
still raining. still bored. still at home  ugh maybe tomorrow it will clear up
my sisters first communion tomorrow, i can't believe it she's so grown up haha 
goodbye delicious cherry dr pepper.  well time for a sunkist!.....tomorrow shelby, tomorrow. --- hahah wow i'm lame.
i still have not showered yet and i probably wont till tomorrow morning  and im still wearing the same clothes. anyone want to hang out?
SATs at lincoln tomorrow 
going now  bye followers. see ya tomorrow! #KevinJonas 
I have to go to the vet tomorrow to get my shots!! 
@SowmyaK son what u watching tonight. ahh im going out of town tomorrow no habana for me  no bueno. when i get back tho cupcakes!
@FromentS super pretty pics!! p.s are you excited to be working my last shift with me tomorrow!!  so sad!
i hate being sick! I hope it's gone by tomorrow 
Just tried to go see hangover but it was sold out  guess ill try tomorrow night
just got home and gotta go back to work at 11am tomorrow 
Going to bed. Really don't have anything planned for tomorrow. 
@ShakenBake80 @chrisstopherr @bjyork Kelly and I have dental appts tomorrow, won't be at bball 
hope I aced that midterm  econ final tomorrow.
about to go to sleep!flying home tomorrow...sad!dont want to go home 
im dreading tomorrow, waking up at 4:20 
doesn't wanna work 12:30 - 9 tomorrow  What a waste of a weekend..
I have to put my dog down tomorrow 
@infamousink I had to work todayy  and like ev everyone that's supposed to go with me tomorrow bailed! I'm not loved 
@Piewacket1 in bed sounds nice tho ;)  i'm up having coffee waiting for the girls to wake up, my visitors are leaving tomorrow 
I'm so wound up about meeting mom's bf tomorrow i can't sleep 
@downesy I might drive right past ur front door tomorrow LOL-meant 2g2 m'ville - looks like I am the conputer support for town now 
@r00sa  hope you feel better soon. We'd love to meet up with you, shall we come and visit? We could pop over tomorrow?
i guess i'll wait for tomorrow  twilight anyone?!! hahahaha
@gavinmusic Looks like youll be getting it tomorrow they say rain here 
PS -and I am going to enjoy it  because tomorrow the rain returns 
We are leaving tomorow  #DSAA09
from grand indonesia. i start studying tomorrow.  HAAAAAA 
is in the lab now...saturday...and tomorrow, i will be in the lab again.. 
Leaving florida tomorrow and it's back to the big apple  I miss you too mfocker
@Lannaa @shellmccready i cant go tomorrow, change of plan - family lunch tomorrow instead of dinner tonight seuhdgsd D: sorry 
gotta wake up very early tomorrow 
Going to my boat now  be back tomorrow  xx
tonight @ gading, tomorrow @ spark, monday @ batam! huhuhuhhh... berpisah lagi 
my mom said she's going to wake me up 7am tomorrow. 
Just got back from the amusement park.. although wasn't fully satisfied, it's ok! wasn't able to pass by the cd sale  try again tomorrow!
@adamtarca just got home... How did I know you'd reply like instantly!!! LOL heading to bed now, early star on the hw tomorrow 
@Glendely I miss u so much I'm happy ur coming tomorrow hopefully I'll get to c u 
Flying back tomorrow, will be sad to leave the new baby 
I don't think I'll bother with church tomorrow. Kids not sleeping well and feeling very tired. I'll have a lie-in instead. 
bye for now.. see you tomorrow... take care 
needs to decide by tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/yx9xp
@brookiemiller hahahaha, aw unfortunately I was watching it solo this morning  , I can't wait to see you tomorrow!!
@appoleryk mamayang 8. and yes, tomorrow na  i thought postponed classes nationwide.
come on!!!!!! daddy and little sister are dinning without me!! mommy is not here tonight  and big sister is coming back tomorrow!!! awsome
my webcam is being gaaaaaaaaaaay! i wanna show cathy my outfit for tomorrow 
is home alone till tomorrow night  someone wanna come and stay with me!!!
tomorrow i shall be leaving birmingham for the summer 
@georgeward - what is your plan for tomorrow.  I hate to even admit it, but I am considering bailing out   I could certainly be swayed tho
@aliciavr6 yeah  I could of used one tomorrow.  http://myloc.me/2PbF
these little dears are gone tomorrow  http://www.twitpic.com/6c46c
@ashleytisdale hope you like pasta and pizza, girl ;) i'm so sad, i can't come tomorrow, but i wanna meet you  love you &lt;3
my chest hurts  going over to tom's after he get's off work. air show tomorrow!!! also, i'm getting a mac tomorrow for college 
@measured Not looking good for tomorrow  http://twitpic.com/6rvh7
@SanMagic I am pretty sure I will be missing your show tomorrow unless a miracle of sorts happens &amp; my laptop is fixed by then.. 
@hotpants_182 Awwee awesome ! We have the last episode ever tomorrow  How are you? xx
chilaxing at remys for big tournament tomorrow!! soooo tired 
don\'t want to go to work tomorrow 
anybody want to walk around boston with me tomorrow? i dont want to be alone 
@CoryWoodard I can't believe u went to see it w/out me  but whateva we still goin tomorrow after I get outta church?  kela wants to go.lol
Queens Pride tomorrow. It won't be the same with out you two baja panti boys 
oooh, too much skittle vodka.. will deeply miss team garth, most of whom are moving out tomorrow 
We just went out on the sea-doo. It was so much fun. I don't want to leave tomorrow 
@matt_the_good that's quite ok, I suspect I will be in your shoes tomorrow, but sadly I have to open the shop in the morning... 
In columbus visiting.. Sssssoooooo ready to geyt back to the A. 
 i'm off. earache unbearable. gunna get my drops &amp; read my boooook. talk to yous tomorrow.
OK so i really need to go to bed now... but i'm not that sleepy yet  will be dead tomorrow
@TaraLovesYoga i really want to, but i don't think i'll be able to go when they have class tomorrow  maybe i'll go on monday.
@theyellowdart I work from 4:30 to 9 tomorrow, unless I call in sick like i did tonight 
@teainthesun i miss you too  its ok though boo just have fun today and i'll see you tomorrow k?
this is my last tweet  see u tomorrow
peter pan didn't work out tonight  ....maybe tomorrow
@janke731 I hate it when it rains a lot too  We're getting some rain tomorrow during the party, that'll be fun *eye roll*
@esmithp77 agreed...   i *love* seinfeld...  i'm sorry you have to work tomorrow... thats just too short of a weekend.  
@themaggiemum I have to go tomorrow to get longer 5mm needles - mine are too short 
@someone483 ill barely be online tomorrow cuz of dance 
possibly the sleepiest i've ever been...goodnight...another dbl tomorrow 
it`s really tommorow. 
Totally wiped out!!! I don't want to work an 8 hr shift tomorrow!! 
Goood night everyonee! studying tommorow for exmas 
massive headache  going to bed...work at drama depot tomorrow. woohoo!
k im going to sleep..i wantd 2run today but the track was closed  maybe tomorrow. i can work out at the gym but i cant run on a treadmill.
I miss talking with @PhatCrayonz tonight  ~~&gt;&gt; log in soon!
done painting, gotta prepare for another shoot tomorrow morning, then next stop is more painting lol...what a life 
wishing i didn't have to work tomorrow so i could go to universal with @PatrickRidgen and @viasatell1te. 
off to leesburg tomorrow to see the in-laws...fun,fun,fun. 
Needs a ride to church tomorrow 
i get to see @trent_reznor in concert for the first time tomorrow! (hopefully not the last) dont get to meet him anymore though 
loves weekends!!! can it be saturday again tomorrow? 
@KawaiiStephanie I dont think i'll make it for tomorrow    http://twitpic.com/6t8qh  
anyway i'm already out. tomorrow another day, wish better 
Is going to have one hell of a black eye tomorrow... But it was so worth it. I just wish i had played better 
Whenever I try and put a pic for my twitter it never works.  I'll try again tomorrow.
@MsMyammee aww u leavin me  goodnite.hit me up tomorrow
Shit. Just figured out I pretty much haaaave to make it through today awake so I sleep tonight, and get up for school tomorrow.. sigh! 
@meganpaige it has been forever  I'm glad to hear&lt;3 good night, love. I will call you tomorrow or lobo can bite me! (very lightly)
uh bio tomorrow. shoot me now please 
@sashaboom hi (: i'm fine (: what about you? (: - sorry but i was leaving  it's late here (2:42 am) talk to you tomorrow!
Everything is ready for the live wwdc stream tomorrow - just need 2 mics 
ugh finally home goin to sleep goin to monterey tomorrow!! I miss her!!  gudnite everyone
@SaraahPcd a little tired and i don't want to go to sschool tommorow.  and how are you honey?
@romanmgarcia yeah I'm with amber right now.. but I work at 830 tomorrow 
I'm preparing for tomorrows camp out .... I'm tired.... 
i am gonna be on duty from tomorrow... end of holidays!!! 
knows she has more painting to do tomorrow  ho hum!!!)
Bit bored, it sucks that I'm back at college tomorrow 
@Antchant waaaa  are you going to the jazz fest tomorrow?
@IanJenkin aye not bad i will be suffering tomorrow 
just watched 'what happens in vegas'. funny movie! and now i am heading to bed, as study waits till tomorrow! no winter sounds for me 
had an amazing night in london. too bad ive got my dam exams tomorrow 
@andrewjpan @justinkoh @bytebot its not a public holiday tomorrow guys. 
I gotta go to internship today... lost sunday  I just hope the time I'll spend there be useful to study for tomorrow's test.
@LTwersky it's just a weak horribly bad tooth. Thanks I already called you guys. I have an appointment tomorrow morning. I am afraid tho 
today: packing, goodbye presents, baptism, and goodbye party. tomorrow: packing and spending time w/ family. tuesday: saying goodbye 
realizes it's monday tomorrow. 
oh no... tomorrow working you know.... 
@xxkatiebxx is shit isn't it  i'm soooo gonna fail tomorrow  x
@hellocuppycake i didnt even end up getting it  tomorrow hopefully! and yesss, wow soon. and that circus place too!
@xu_wang No, no. I just want to know if I can pick them up tomorrow. 
Is thinking i need to start revising paper 2 soon :|  great ill bet i will have to revise tomorrow! on my birthday 
chloes gone now     omg english exam tomorrow :\ x
anyone wana join mileyworld for me? i will pay them the 29.95 dollars back, all i need is presale code for tomorrow morning 
@philloau yeah MUCH better! back to work tomorrow 
is starting to poo herself about tomorrows exam! 
@ManeaterX3 I'm so jealous...i wish i was on vacation...i don't want to go back to that hell hole tomorrow. 
@samwilliamh bah, and i still gotta finish some work for tomorrow 
Working on that poetry mess. I have the commentary tomorrow! 
@abbylatip its soo sad that ur holiday hvnt started yettt :'(( if not you could play here again tomorrow!! n u could've sleptovr todayyy! 
leaving tomorrow is womp 
@amycarr92 hey, im ok. well im trying to be ok. i'll talk to you at school  bout it. i have no credit unti 12 noon tomorrow. 
Up and at em...back to work  tonight and tomorrow off...begin the divorce!
@1arner same  great expectations done for tomorow...i don't think so xx
cant deal with the fact that its monday tomorrow 
ARGHH tech gcse tomorrow!! im starting to panic now  i probably shouldnt have left revision to now
babysitting super bored,alex isnt coming back until tomorrow  ehh missing him
No good movies tomorrow 
vacation's over  tomorrow back in the ghetto :-p seriously
@DebbieFletcher CLoses  tomorrow  but  the site wont load and let me vote 
has training tomorrow. I don't wanna go through the majorr traffic. 
I definitely need to take my mother out tomorrow. Even though she's not mad anymore she looks sad 
  gooood night!!   must prepare for tomorrows meeting now
i think the revision finally paid off! just need to learn these bloody prime minsters!nervous about it tomorrow though 
feeling sorry for myself  will have to bite the bullet and go to doctor tomorrow I think
@markotu sounds good to me! you go out loads!!! lol x jealous! although i have coffee and french pastries tomorrow, no where near as good 
@peoplefight -sighs- i'm gonna get bullied at school tomorrow though 
chillin at the house with my boo.... yay not wantin tomorrow to be monday 
wish i was back at the lake. not looking forward to work tomorrow 
@DubarryMcfly im gud exams tomorrow  not fair anyway how you wrote any songs today ????????????? lol XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
startrek was pretty cool, dinner with baby... he has court tomorrow  
@Katizzle ohh that sucks  what time is it there? and.. why do you have to wake up earky tomorrow?
@Katizzle  what a shame! here it's 5.35pm.. and tomorrow i gotta go to high-school (N what time do you have to wake up?
@DaniWright No...  (super sad face)... I have to finish a dress by tomorrow for an artist, and I am no where near finished. 
My mommy's having surgery tomorrow.  
@nerearoldan  i knowww tomorrow nobody can go  
looks like this sunday is ending for me very badly... gotta head to bank tomorrow 
i think i have to go to bed! I'm so tired! And i lost 9 followers!  @NicLovesHabs have fun and enjoy! I call you tomorrow!
 dnw to get an xray tomorrow..I will prolly cry lmfao
town tomorrow = window shopping cos im broke 
history tomorrow  oh no
Not looking forward to the hell fire and fury waiting for me tomorrow morning... 
awesome weekend, came back to broken toilet  call to the plumber tomorrow then!
gets braces tomorrow 
@QueenJas at least you dont have 2 finals tomorrow  theres every kinda candy but mostly chocolate. i shall bring you some. if i remember!
The weather was horrible today, had to stay in doing nothing what a waste of a sunday, and have got college tomorrow, so annoying! 
okay so seriously guys i have college tomorrow and its like 10 past 11 i think i should sleep i need to but im NOT tiered 
@mtrh ahh tomorrow is my friday..so i'm pleased.. but i feel your pain brother 
oh can you believe it's sunday night again!! up and at em tomorrow - getting observed teaching numeracy  boooooooo.
@mileycyrus sick of what feeling  u should help me milk cows at 3am tomorrow so i can get done early an get online 2 buy tickets!!wootwoot
some grl 2 miley @mileycyrus sick of what feeling  u should help me milk cows at 3am tomorrow so i can get done early an get online 2 ...
Writting my paper...  10 pages due tomorrow.. I'm such a procrastinator.
@awesome_qed ahhh I want to, but I have a 30 second animation due tomorrow and I can't figure out how to make the cow jump over the moon 
So excited about my touch pro but so not excited about going to work tomorrow.... 
i lied, i havent gone to bed yet...soon. listening to wato first, and have decidd il cry if i dont get good tickets tomorrow 
I love @britneyspears !!  Leaving london tomorrow 
@gingercentral I'm so pissed I just read this!!!!!!!! and hate even more that by bros bday is tomorrow so I can't go now if I wanted 
just woke up. lol cant sleep now. cant wait to see every1 tomorrow even though they probably have no frees and a full day! 
cant seem to concentrate...  deadlines tomorrow ... i have  a few hours nooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!
saw the hangover, too funny!!!  work tomorrow  don't wanna work anymore..
soo...the weekend's almost over   just sitting around now, back rom tee and catie's. school tomorrow, yuck! gotta go pack now.
I don't want to work tomorow 
@K8len i would but ill be in seattle tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow and the annoying girl who works next to me  if you notice any weird tweets tomorrow they're from her haha
@MirandaBuzz I have tutoring for math tomorrow .. ew 
:well cilantro is at the vet overnight and we should be taking her home tomorrow  im gunna pray tonight actually.
finally sleep time...gotta wake up early tomorrow 
So nobodys coming with me tomorrow when I go under the knife 
@fabulousmscarr i was gonna see if we could shop then, i have to appliance shop tomorrow 
@asyeasyeasye oh it was good, but I'm really tired  I need some rest hehe and I have to work tomorrow 
I just got through eating but I didn't get a chance to eat my red velvet cake becuz I was too full  I'll eat it tomorrow 
@Knicksmets I'm not, it's just over so darn fast makes me sad  work tomorrow
ok done for tonight ... going to grandma's tomorrow... she's sick  .... lover her to death ..!!!
well imm off to bed all goodnight have a great day tomorrow its 11 pm exact gotta be up at 4:45 am yikes 
@iluvkharris I'm coming over tomorrow sometime to say goodbye 
@Yellowsharpie lol i was just looking for that to take tommorow..can't find it 
bri is going to camp tomorrow....   
new post tomorrow...our breastfeeding journey is ending 
WTH Sims isn't working now  I guess i'l give up and try again tomorrow.
going to ohio tomorrow to see my grandma... 
Kids come home tomorrow, gotta get so much done tonight 
heading back to bed, class tomorrow at 7 am  blah blah blah
Almost forgot I have jury duty tomorrow  boooo
sent from iphone.  compy is messing up.  trying to fix before tomorrow.  
my uncle is leaving for afghanistan tomorrow    
@BigPapi1011 by the way, i havent forgotten about you. I love you so much and ill call you guys tomorrow&lt;33333 im sorry 
uggggggggh visual shift tomorrow at 7am!! waaaaah which means i gotta get up at 530! 
my little brother is growing up, graduating tomorrow :O &amp; i'm sad the true blood marathon has ended 
@sillyjilly81024 i hope you feel better soon  being sick is never funn. maybe you feel better tomorrow &amp; we can yogabootyballet it up.
hanging with dom, isaac, and javier. javier leaves tomorrow. 
*sigh* I'm going to college tomorrow... I gotta wake up early again   http://twitpic.com/7g4t2
concert weekend is sadly over  but i am hanging out with josh tomorrow and tuesday i start my new job and i'm going to the phillies game!
ace tomorrow  downloaded safari 4. the top sites thing is cool. i want 3.0 already.
screwed for tomorrow.  what intelligent person decide to put religion and bio exams on the same day  well wish me luck I'm gonna need it.
looks like tomorrow's fiesta might not happen....boooo!  
@hoybea bea i miss one-four  we're one year tomorrow! )
not feeling well   hope I feel better for the show tomorrow night at the mint...either way I'm still playing no matter what
@hotchoco92k come to school tomorrow oh sick one. u missed my function today  plus we have qcs tomorrow and u can't miss thaaaaaaaaaaaat!!
@justintevya that particular domain expires tomorrow, so safe to say it's too late anywhere. 
going to now attempt to write my english essay due tomorrow, and i haven't even started 
now that thers no more m&amp;j show what will i look fwd 2  in the mornings,no more monday morning mix 2morrow 
@majornelson no divx-viewing from local drive for me tomorrow then 
how could i forget that i'm going to the dentist tomorrow?! 
watching scrubs finale   @Boydian jd reminds me so much of you, naww bambi. meet up with me and g for lunch tomorrow 
ASDFGHJKL. :| I am a reader tomorrow, don't have gala !  That's okay, riiiight? :&gt;
@the_sandman_ I have to be here to sign for it but it's today or tomorrow, so frustrating!  I'm fed up. just wanna go riding
Just at home. And now I'm gonna learn for tomorrow! 
memorized all my notecards, but now i am not tired and can't sleep!   hopefully my final will go well tomorrow!  good thoughts!
desperately trying to find outwhen my train leaves tomorrow! this is no good i always loose things  x
@chunkofplastic don't say that  i'm gonna go over notes later tonight and tomorrow on the bus and wingit 
I don't feel like going for tomorrow's F&amp;N lesson, i haven finish doing her work! 
i wonder what will happen tomorrow.hmm.i miss him. 
getting tired already just thinking about how long tomorrow is going to be  may have to pack emergency chocolate and red bull to survive
goodnight all! off to do some reading and sleep, so i can study tomorrow! 
@sheaquinn uhhh.. Looking forward to talking to u tomorrow kiddo 
is off to bed seeing as i gotta be up early to do stocktake tomorrow morning!! 
@kerriee lol same! :o we have double chemsitry tomorrow? double gets stressing at about 3ish 
i think my new ballet flats are a tad small now,  i wanted to wear them tomorrow, looks like i need to exchange for the six.
have 24hr tomorrow, f8ck 
dammit now i have to get back to studying for my final tomorrow 
just had tean and worked out what lesson i will be missing tomorrow for the dentist 
@gab_iii guess what! I won the lottery and I'm flying you out tomorrow!!!  I wish I wasnt  lying!
sucks that i didn't get lvatt todaay  it better arrive tomorrow!
at gutted can see @thescript tomorow 
I wanna go golf tomorrow but this left shoulder is totally not working with me 
is back from her last semi-group dinner. I is all alones tomorrow  #fb
work tomorrow...idr want to though  eeh ca$h is always good though.
@NickkkJonasss nick, i would be at your show right now but i have my exams tomorrow  hope it goes really well. god bless xxx
i dont really wanna go tutor tonight and was informed today that my 2 forearm bones and not equal lengths and are suppose to be, great! 
last ever media lesson today  I'm gunna miss it. 1 exam tomorrow then one on friday...I wish I was good at exams!
I had a run/steam/mma planned tomorrow if it's good and a swim/steam/nothing if not but even that is looking like it's out now 
studying for my gay geometry regents tomorrow 
is scared about having to answer the phone loads more tomorrow at wessex fm. ahhh 
just squashed my leaf, damn, going to have to go and get another tomorrow 
@cazp09 and  now  its   swollen  up more  around the back so im  going to the  doctors  tomorrow  xx
oh man. i hope nothing personal doesn't get leaked tomorrow 
@laurieann_ so jealous bout 2morrow!! 
@theiancrawford aww man your going to vegas! I was hoping you would be in town for hey mondays show tomorrow. Now I'm sad 
no  tomorrow english presentation and i don't want to do this...grr
@lechantdoiseau not tomorrow i have to do the rotas  boss on hol so i get his jobs to!
@ohthehumor  tomorrow my love
feel like a fat lard, diet begins tomorrow 
Wish I was free 2morrow.... Now I have to sleep 
early start tommorow, ahhh! 
is soo glad summer is here , buut really needs to start studying for provs  library tomorrow anyone ? ; )
anyone have a spare wrist I can borrow tomorrow and thursday... 
watching tv, giving myself a manicure, and relaxing for the rest of the evening. work tomorrow 
having some elective surgery thurs..soooo much to do before that   going on a bland diet starting tomorrow, what should my last meal be!!
ughh finals start tomorrow. 
history and spanish final tomorrow. aaaah. studying 
i should have went to bed early, i have got alot to do tomorrow 
@pekegirl809 We will be kinda lonely on here tomorrow night wont we?! 
oooh my gosh tomorrow LVATT ;;  but in cancun not always take longer 
test tomorrow   im most likely going to fail it..i hate math connections!
class registration at rutgers newark tomorrow!  gotta wake up bright and early 
@Hannahheroine12 dear love, are you feverish? cause i am. sad panda. and we have band tomorrow. holler 
dont wanna work tomorrow 
I feel like shit. I have so much to do tomorrow 
we didnt make it to atlanta  but well be there 2morrow
ahh!  i am so bored.    i want it to be sunshiney tomorrow so i can lay outside again. 
No electricity tomorrow until tommorow night.. So it means ; NO TWITTER  bOuhh..
@sisko199 sweating in florida?...it's not much better here.  It's supposed to be 97 tomorrow with 1,000,000% humidity.
hoping my mouth won't be so swollen tomorrow   i look like cindy loo who haha!!
3 day apple fast starts tomorrow. right now suffering from a massive headache. im sure it'll grow.  4am wake up tomorrow. its gonna suck.
@sensualinc yay! i have biology on wednesday....need to be on past papers tomorrow! 
is EXCITED about tomorrow..but i have a stinkin huge headache at the moment and its stromin 
@mskirbi yeah  we need to start on your jewelry. come over tomorrow. or sometime this week.
My xbox should be arriving sometime tomorrow- going through some gaming withdrawal 
I hope I can make it to the podcast tomorrow... I miss my podcasting friends 
hungry.  you'd think with all the food i ate at amma's event today, i'd be full... at least until tomorrow.  guess not! 
bedtime..at 5.30..need to do important stuff tomorrow 
awwww my neice is sick  that sucks. im not gonna be able 2 c her tomorrow. gah I miss her :/ but I guess I can work out again tomorrow /:
@ComptonFlyElle u already knoooo.. I'm gonna hit u tomorrow  feel better.
going to work tomorrow i have to get up at 6  blah!
going 2 jery duty 2morrow 
lots of downtimes tomorrow  
going to bed early. hopefully tomorrow will be better  girls! we should do something!
I am very excited to return my calc book tomorrow... too bad I have to take the final 
@AlexislovesJB aww  i'm sorry. well you'll have something to look forward to tomorrow!
is watching the dark knight for the 38247326723647823647328647823647832729th time. baby sitting tomorrow and working at winn dixie 
ahhhhh. i should go to bed .... about now...i hope tomorrow goes fast 
I'm so so sooo nervous for my surgery tomorrow ( wish me luck! 
I loved buffalo so much....I don't want to go to work tomorrow bc then my weekend is officially over 
@diydiyy i missed you guys too  i'll be back tomorrow tho.
didn't get tutorial finished tonight.  it's gonna have to be tomorrow morning between all the other things i have to do.  
i so do not want to go to work tomorrow  bleh
i dont feel good...  maybe dr appt tomorrow? blahh
miss you toooooooo @stelz i just got an extra shift tomorrow so i'm working like everyday  lunch on fri?
uhm we have swimming tomorrow, so we'll swim 3.5 miles in the pool 
ok sleep time for me. have to be up early tomorrow 
@ItbeMacKenzie I have to be in bed since I'm getting up early 2morrow 
I don't know what to wear to my cousin's funeral tomorrow. I feel hdgjjvf. 
exammmmsss start tomorow  scareeed
@gab_iii i stayed up talking to @allycupcake instead of watching greek! It will have to wait until tomorrow 
@TKittie seester! i wish i could see you tomorrow  meh. i just watched more amanda show clips haha
I guess I will be able to bring myself to pack my 360's tomorrow with the service down. I'm prepared for mega lag from across the pond 
@MrEricPiRaTe haha noooo just for my ortho appointment.  lol what will u do tomorrow??
Fuuuk moreno valley  He's too far  Getting the new jonas cd tomorrow that's not even that cheery
@Y_TYZ must goto sleep now..sorry   but im very tired, its going on 4am.enjoy your evening i will talk to u tomorrow!..xx
@item84jeremy i know. and i have so much to do tomorrow... 
dont know about tomorrow 
shall sleep now. I have to bring my birdy to the vet tomorrow morning ... she might be sick 
hehe spamming twitter... can't wait til 3.0 comes out tomorrow D: also shit, i just remembered i have maths enrich 
dont want to go tomorrow again. 3 more days 
tomorrows the sevententh 
tomorrow is holiday for another ppl, but not for me at all.. 
@svn8teen Haha idk.  I hope there is tomorrow! 
is making a card for her grans bday ... 77 today lol .... then gotta learn all my chemistry for tomorrow 
chemistry tomorrow. shoot me in the head please? 
I better not be ill for tomorrow ... not feeling my best atm *whimpers* 
they kept my nephew in the hospital  he shud b out tomorrow by noon... I can sleep now!!! hitting my bleezy fo help!
@MrMattlock dude, i just saw your message.. i'm out of the bridge til tomorrow  soz dude x
my BFF did'nt come..   but it does'nt matter, i'll see you tomorrow instead, at the last football training for this season  byees &lt;33
i'm out.. tomorrow training.. so no tweeting 
gotta sleep now  rain tomorrow please?
Oh my goodness...four years ago tomorrow   Has it really been that long?
@generalfiascouk i really wanna see you in glasgow tomorrow but i have no money  gutted.
@dearestjanice is in the air right now! and @katienich is gonna pick her up! I'm quite excited, though I don't see them 'til tomorrow 
Two of my puppies are leaving tomorrow, this is going to be harder than what i thought. 
just woke up. nothing to do now. regular classes starts tomorrow.  huhuhu.
@Lyriqueizmuziq wow... 18.... makes me feel old  hahaha hope I don;t forget to wish u happy b-day tomorrow
@MariaP_93  what time  r u going in to skl tomorrow?? done enough revision? lol, I've got to go over chem and child dev tonight.. 
ooooh i'm so nervous for tomorrow 
@eevee_j ouch   i'm meant to be going into brum tomorrow, but if i don't i'll come along
@hef_a_roni awww  I'm sorry, I'll be there tomorrow for sure!
wants to go to the lakers parade tomorrow but has no real way to get there...  
want to go to the lakers parade tomorrow but have no real way of getting there... 
I thought I was feeln better  well better than yestrday but still krappy  waaaahhhhh :,( lol O I can not wait til I'm better again!!!
Waiting for my bro to get home, heading out to the mall. ....working 5am tomorrow 
still not got my es bundle yet,  i hope it comes tomorrow
Sadly I will not be in L.A. this Sunday as Dtox Sundays has been cancelled..  Hopefully I'll be able to get out there soon!
doing an english essay already, has to be done for tomorow! 
resist!!! passing tomorow is vital@camilleblais I'm having trouble too 
it makes me sooo sad that this time tomorrow itll all be over 
oh god, p-e fist period tomorrow. i really cant be arsed 
hair appointment tomorrow...cant decide on how to cuut it...   
So my family is leaving for france tomorrow.... without me 
@trackle nooooooooooooo!!!!  why o why!! please tomorrow! let it be tomorrow! #trackle   Congrats @erinm80
driving to dallas tomorrow...wish it was for fun 
Tired, and have stomach ache  hope I sleep well before my early start tomorrow. 8am seminars suck.
http://twitpic.com/7ks7p - i will be sleeping in this mess tonight. cba with work tomorrow 
I wish I could go to the lakers parade tomorrow 
whyy am I stressing about what to wear to this inteview tomorrow?! i'm so tired. my brains doing cartwheels again 
OK bedtime, lots to do tomorrow 
lets hear it for 95 degrees tomorrow 
going off line for the night. gotta get up super early tomorrow. 
&amp; Now studying for the english regents tomorrow morning  wish me more luck, never know when I'll need it for reals. Thanks, lol.
Odds that I'll finish this paper before 6 am tomorrow: slim to none. 
Ugh i have to go fishing tomorrow! I feel so manly lol its 10pm now n i gotta get up at 3!  sucks.
I don't think I'm going to the peninsula tomorrow  Too many sniffly noses to visit elderly immune-impaired grandparents.
@tramos29 I didn't forget I just got busy  maybe tomorrow
xbox live is down for maintainence until tomorrow 
not looking forward to work tommorow! 
@dr_oneal Unfortunately I run to the airport tomorrow as soon as I'm done working. 
I think I'm gonna ride my bike for, like, an hour tomorrow. 
#squarespace just got me some twizzlers, now i'm all set for tomorrow's roadtrip! wait, first i need to pack 
Stomach hurts like a bitch! chem regents tomorrow 
Watching some tv. Then busy early tomorrow. 
im sickkkk  it sucks. i have no voice, and am forever blowing my nose. i swear this better blow over by tomorrow.
well im trying to get me some miley cyrus tickets not going so good  try again tomorrow... bed for now..
r @jabigabo Its not here yet  Hopefully it will be on the truck tomorrow!
 gotta be in brandon at 9:15 tomorrow for a doctors appointment
feeling too sleepy .... not yet started preparing for tomorrows poster 
@stef_66 I know and I'm on break now too so no more bedtime  tomorrow though
crap. 8:30 meeting tomorrow. 
really tired. I have to babysit tomorrow and im still up and walking around... 
tweet dreamzzz twitterians!!! i hope this pain will b gone by tomorrow! 
@paige1315 leaving in 5 days...  but i'm going by jobros house tomorrow and miley's...
cant sleep  going kayaking tomorrow though, so excited!!
@xxm0rgann @ohmisskatie and heeh i miss you too, you guys can come over tomorrow, i have NO gas  and im getting my teef pulled at like 10
@ashleighrenay I don't really know yet...he needs to go back to the hospital tomorrow...  How's your grandpa girlie?
@gigiamk30 awww  rest up girl..JOn will be back tomorrow
goodnite twitter...gotta work in the tomorrow 
i don't wanna do anything but sleep tomorrow!!!! blaaah!!! 
@animecosette im totally screwed for tomorrow 
ok all you have a good night... be well! I must try to sleep...I have to be on tv tomorrow. 
no lake for me tomorrow    i'm a working woman
I wish I was going to the laker parade tomorrow 
good leg and abs work out today  lots of hw tomorrow though..like usual 
done studying for japanese... man i wish i could go the the lakers parade tomorrow 
Please keep my mom in your thoughts. She's going in for surgery tomorrow.. 
@krahl i'll be at my pops tomorrow-thurs. then i work till sat.  but i will know friday what next week looks like. i can always take off!!
doesnt wanna do first aid tomorrow.... 
@ChaceAdamTaylor I'm going home tomorrow  (technically today i guess since it's 3 am) i have a show to do then im going to kansas city
Off to bed..who knows what tomorrow has in store for me.I might go to my cousins house..@prdessy513(gf)goin to a 1week cruise 
By the way LAKER parade tomorrow!!!!!! YEEAHHHH!!! too bad I have to work 
This spells the end for richie  takin him in tomorrow morning
I'm so NOT prepared for my spanish final tomorrow... Ayudame! 
arguing with a four year old about the need to be immunized, poor love she is getting jabbed tomorrow 
@LissaMoon lets see you tomorrow.   i'm moving stuff this weekend got my movers n evrhtng. tmw or thurs lady!!!
oh no, stocktake sale, going to be busy tomorrow night 
feels tired to update her blog, better luck tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/11k4vk
going to need a shave tonight  hate wen that happens   skool will be good tomorow because of double music, well hopefully
hopes she can memorize the procedures for tomorrow's ret dem. 
My phones broken; have to go to the optus store tomorrow. I can't tweet or go on PALRINGO (spelt right  @ma3hem)  late at night 
My best friend leaves tomorrow! 
@shanitomorrow It looks like I'm not going to be able to make the #nlab exhibition tomorrow. A&amp;E is up the spout and needs me about 
SO i have a presentation tomorrow morning and i haven't made my notecards yet  no bueno.
@forbiddenlust86 looks like maybe 2 or 3 am tomorrow for us. 
Finally a good sunny weather today. But tomorrow its gonna be bad again 
@SomersetBob oh right, I'll have a look later when I get home from work, or maybe tomorrow as I don't finish till 10 tonight 
Looking decidedly swamp monster-esque. No results getting for me tomorrow 
chaz is leaving 2morrow and not comin back till august 9. i'll miss him so much. 
i can't feel my legs!!! soooo tired! bullshit!  back to zero again, tomorrow!!!! 
@aarron rumor says that apparently they pushed the update till tomorrow? it sucks, as I've been doing the same thing myself all morning 
feels bad for postponing tomorrow's mango trip 
tomorrow makes me tired just thinking about it. i wish i was still watching the city with corey.   nyny
Its raining outside  and i gotta go shopping. cos going out tomorrow night clubbing! my first time! . but i dont have anything to wear.
@aliciamc well I just woke up sick  so it looks like I'll have to wait until tomorrow, glad it worked for you though!
@seblefebvre damnn it.. that reminds me.. that i have to go to the bank tomorrow 
oh noes! no pilates tomorrow  damn you virus!
Xrays scare me. I dont like all the beeping noises they make. And i don't get to see the surgen guy until tomorrow. 
My twitterfon isnt working properly  goodnight , it better be better tommorow .
is leaving tomorrow for manila and she hasn't even packed yet. 
@xbllygbsnii noo! i need to do fitness  lol :$. mmhm, 14 days tomorrow eh ;) 
@paulclark72 I love the mgmt album soooooo much... you still not coming tomorrow night? 
@neekel mostly chill, but i'm not free tomorrow babe  what will you be doing in the area?
I finished all of 4 mins early today, even tho' I had nothing to do this afternoon. I hope I have something to do tomorrow 
I am going to the giants causeway tomorrow but its suppose to rain 
english regents was really easy today tomorrow might b harder tho!! 
oh well. no new phone til tomorrow 
Morning off tomorrow but up just before 6am for a personal training session, no lie in for me then  gotta fight the flab you digg!!?
at the bad axe library. may leave tomorrow or early friday for grand marais. wont be back til next wednesday 
it looks like its going to rain again  ahhhh french tomorrow
i can't believe that tommorow i will be graduated... still can't believe! so sad for this... 
hmmmmm...i feel badd....i think i upset lara...i will sort it out tomorrow..i hate seeing her upset 
skool tomorrow  o well at least it should be a laugh
girls in bed and sorting papers; packing tomorrow! 
I gotta get up at 7am tomorrow  Not used to that!
off to scotland tomorrow - got to be up at half 6  not a wakingupimmenslyearly person ha
I am hoping that when I wake up tommorow I feel better. I am worried that with no voice tommorow the kids will take over. 
@samharrow sorry, film started..cant twitpic with mobile web  NO VODBULL?? what's wrong with you?! yes, lets have chats tomorrow sometime
studying but im so not going pass hayes test, rain tomorrow 
surgery tommorrow 
I'm pooped...head is congested...beaucoups meetings tomorrow.    #fb
goodnight, meeting krystina in my break tomorrow. poor lamb 
@Hevvs you got yours back, and mines being sent away to get fixed tommorow 
@last0pendoor: i dunno if we can hang tomorrow. i gots an ortho &amp; then visiting my uncle. i'll be back at like, 9/10-ish. 
I'm off tomorrow! But i won't be able to see patrick 
English final tomarrow. I so aint ready. 
@polay I'm playing office assistant tomorrow so I can't really go out tonight  well maybe &quot;a&quot; drink hahaha miss u
@viic_x oh, i won't be on msn so soon  but you can tell me tomorrow
my eyes are hurting sooo bad, but i still need to do more revision for tomorrow's synoptic paper which i'm probs gonna fail anyway 
opening again tomorrow and friday 
noah better come over tomorrow. i miss my bffl 
@taylor_ainsley No  But I'm seeing them tomorrow! Are you?
soooo stressed about the bio regents tomorrow. i need a hug 
Why won't walmart let me exchange my dress??? Its too big and I wanted to wear it tomorrow 
so im going to fail the bio regents tomorrow 
i'm terrified! i dont want to do that training tomorow! i barely know anyone! i dont know what they will make me do! i'm scared 
my blackberrys trackball broke  i should get a new one tomorrow though
well... at least she's sleeping now and has a doc appointment tomorrow... 
@riotlainie I should!! But I haz none available  tomorrow I'll make some lipton soup! 
ughh. I dont want to go to my orientation tomorrow  
uuurg.. 11pm and i don't want to study!! i wanna sleep, but my test is tomorrow and i didn't estudy anything  and i'm still twittering!!
Skools ova...report cards tomorrow..ughh 
@ddlovato i can't go to the premiere because my grad is tomorrow  so sad. i wanted to see you!
@gigiamk30 its raining tomorrow and friday here 
just saw my dad! he leaves again tomorrow 
little bro told me he's being deployed to the mideast again very soon  might skip tomorrow's workout so I can spen... http://bit.ly/12zPR
@bellapop I know   I'm texting you tomorrow after chris and I discuss dates.
yayayayayay studying &amp; crying myself to sleep. bio regents tomorrow 11:45...so so so scared.  @taylorswift13 any goodluck songs?
@AndieIS now i wish they'd just go home...of course the yankees will win tomorrow...i have been so bad at picking games 
@seands13 ugh horribly, haven't practically started and i am working tomorrow sorry  you been studying much?
@koreekreeper i am turning mine off tomorrow casue i cant get text messeges while i am in europe 
ugh gotta go to the dentist tomorrow morning and its not even my appoitment 
depressed, and i will also be dead tired tomorrow  seems like i'm used to this wahoo feeling... (but i'm still proud we made it this far!)
i forgot i have a super early doc appointment tomorrow.  boo. still at work, hopefully i can get out of here soon.
back to work tomorrow  goodnight everyone!
Is so excited about forestry tomorrow! But doesn't want sunday to come 
movie night with @emilyalyce tomorrow...should be fun...but i miss @leanners 
having a party tomorrow. need sleep but it not come. 
I can't believe serene is graduating tomorrow  fyck everyone
I'm craving chick-fil-a right now. I guess I'll have to wait until tomorrow 
@KirinDave yeah come check it out tomorrow. i just need a better server to put it on now 
k i'm going to bed. i have to go to work tomorrow   they're not even paying me! im seriously thinkin about quitting. lawl
I'm gonna be home alone all day tomorrow  come entertain me! 
presentation tomorrow then heading back to GRap....I will miss my lovely acc friends 
Its teene! the albino lifegaurd. ahaha. I have to get a shot tomorrow 
straight up chillin until the stats final tomorrow 
i have to get the other side of my lip repierced tomorrow 
RE-packing for tomorrow &amp; FIENDIN for a cigarette!!! 
great night wonderful company pity l felt so poorly  lets try again tomorrow xx
early start tomorrow  gey
my mum is going to srilanka tomorrow 
getting the staples taken out of my leg tomorrow afternoon  im scared!! hopefully its not to painful...
damn it wrong baseband so can't unlock, guess i'll have to wait til ultrasn0w tomorrow 
have to be up at 6.30 tomorrow, doh 
@JonasAustralia The cd coming out tomorrow. 
i'm so sorry bang wil  i didn't know if it hurts you
Today isn't gonna be an easy one..... And tomorrow is sure to be harder 
How can I pass tomorrow's quiz in Algeb when I can't even understand a single thing from what he's teaching 
effing tired!! damn it. still need to go to putrajaya tomorrow.. 
uh. 7:30am class again tomorrow 
i wanna go home  i think i am going to cry tomorrow even though i aint liked it here much AHAHAHAHA
@aliyoopah i'll tell you tomorrow. my mom said i should go. 
is in nottz, going york tomorrow. @ConorJT + @amberleightz i miss you soooooooo  xxxx
i don't wanna go to school   thank god i have off tomorrow
they say if you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow, sleep late.i wish i had listened to that. 
@gatewaygroupie &amp; @southpaw32 ummm... don't quite have my cd ready today  tomorrow?
The end is nigh  mostly packed and ready for the big move tomorrow and the weekend.   http://twitpic.com/7pme5
@larainefan oooh pizza - I have to wait til tomorrow for mine 
@ianandreespinet Ugh, I soo wanna give the answer but I can't go tomorrow! 
just found out i'm gonna be let out early tomorrow, cos we're getting the results. omg if i fail science... 
i'm getting ready for my photo shoot tomorrow. It should be fun. but I'm pretty bored right now 
uncle jimmy's wake tonight, and funeral tomorrow 
im tired..  but ill find some energy for the partyyyyy tomorrow night.. ;)
guys! please pray for us @CrackersHunter @idontnow1 @arovilla we're going to do our exams tomorrow 
relaxing after tooth extraction - ouch! back to work tomorrow 
cleaning and packing for north carolina tomorrow! 
Being a girl sucks sometimes, esspecially when your going to florida tommorow 
back to work tomorrow...whats everyone else doing?  have quite a bad headache so looks like an early night for me 
@nmg2409 oh u leave us tomorrow  take that, take that  
@BellaNancy Thats what i said but they called me and told me that it is in the store but i cant pick it up until tomorrow 
screeching weasel is in austin tomorrow but it's already sold out!  gat damn it!
tomorrow im going on last trip with my lovely class 
I'm bored on my lunch today  and probably going to be tomorrow too.. No gabby=No fun.. Haha
must cook!!! multicultural lunch is tomorrow!! not much time to make my dish! grrrr must....get....cooking....but i dont want to 
@lightaftersound yeah  but i'm goint to work tomorrow anyway, i'm in training and i really need to go.
talking to my booboo on aim, hopefully i get to see you tomorrow at the dinner WITH me 
good whiskey, warm water (sorry) and honey does the job tonight. up at 6am tomorrow though 
@jorge_lingo argh! no, it was supposed to come today - but last check on status showed it was in jersey  maybe tomorrow...??
not looking forward to another 'this-hayfever-is-killing-me' drama tomorrow 
im sick and i leave tomorrow 
Not wanting to work tomorrow or saturday ! 
@kennethmckoy my parents came and got me at like 1am on monday cause i was not feeling well at ALL... gotta go to the doctor tomorrow 
I am so dang nervous for tomorrow!  I'm scared something is going to go wrong..
dentist appt. tomorrow  oh no.
@MiABP i love you too  really do wanna join oslo tomorrow..hate the fact that i'm working while you're having fun 
@skinnynerd03 I HAVE to.. I have science tomorrow   Annd noo, it's the perfet excuse!
@OfficialBF1943 nice saw the date and was like of my gosh tomorrow. Then realized it meant I would be working and you wouldnt be. 
leaving leeds tomorrow, sad times  everything is in boxes by the door 
@banibaba my mum;s taking him to agbara tomorrow 
Jealous of all the mofos who are getting iphones tomorrow.  should be ME!
@kitzismyname i know i am sooooooooooo upset  c u 2 morrow
The #apple store is really starting to piss me off. They told me my laptop was going to be ready yesterday. Now it's not until tomorrow. 
first tests tomorrow ... im scared   but i went to walmart totally by myself no help and i think i did pretty well considering lol
won't be at the studio tomorrow, will be doing the local job, then the weeknd, bad news approaching 
tea, harrypotter5, bed. i wish i could take my final tomorrow. 
omg report cards tomorrow 
is running 10 miles tommorrow  
I figured out where my wallet is.  I threw it away, now I have to wait until tomorrow to see if the garbage was picked up. 
I work @ 330am  sorry but sat late maybe or tomorrow
@melo562:I work @ 330am  sorry but sat late maybe or tomorrow
@bebeld yes, we SO would  today, tomorrow, on saturday and frlehgf the whole weekend  shit.
@jenafinfin at the moment i have a feeling tomorrow is not happening.  but idk
Third try to get my permit tomorrow. I hope I don't fail. I miss my boy 
There's a party tonight, but I have am exam tomorrow  fml
@theaaronphipps mmm hmmm. doctors tomorrow. 
@krystenlovee my dad wont let me go to a concert tomorrow 
@lilbit3771 @a_w_n hey it is going to be 99 degrees tomorrow. Can you say WTF???  
@lisa_otto damn it!  I was hoping to see her tomorrow! lol
saying goodbye to my best again lol cause his flight was canceled and is leaving early tomorrow 
Omfg. 80 degrees in Sheerboredom tomorrow. And almost 90 where I am? Holy shit! But stormy  &lt;&amp;LoVe;&gt;
i am sick and i am going to fail tomorrow...not a goood combination 
@Dwighthoward I hope to see you tomorrow downtown!!! Can I get some love?!?! 
Is missin qwade&lt;3  and hopes to see him tomorrow!!!miss you baby!
im in pain...i wont even get to hear ryan tomorrow 
@makeupbyrere i know! i am!  shame on me! when i get to work tomorrow i'll fix that. remind me if i dont! u know i smoke lol
@ce54r exactly! i cant even find a good show that's going on tomorrow night 
good night fam. had a blast today but I'm kinda burnt  but the kids LOVED IT!! so it's so worth it!! well maybe I''ll c sprmn 2morrow bye!
sleep. up way to early tomorrow 
baaack to work tomorrow 
I think I have to get up early again tomorrow. I have two shows and a photoshoot tomorrow.  But my baby GUZZLES gas so it's worth it.
@mmindyy i want cool doughnuts!  i want to plant them too! i have lectures tomorrow tho.  what time you guys planning?
Laying in bed, wishing I wasn't alone. I want arms around me, kisses, passion.... I guess I'll have to wait til tomorrow 
damn rain on my parade - looks like no cedar point tomorrow 
I don't wanna put the papers on the tray tomorrow    
i hope my little addy's eye clears up and we don't have to take her to the vet tomorrow 
driving to toronto tommorow to visit my nanny who is in the hospital  ...gona try to get to bed sometime soon hopefully
ughhhh i want to go tomorrow stupid operation  i hope nose wont bled as much tomorrow and i can buy the dress n shoes and wallah
why am i not tired when tomorrow is black friday? not good 
alright.....i need to put the addiction to rest until tomorrow!   I will be dreaming about you twitter &lt;3 goodnight
I'm hoping my little sister is okay after her surgery tomorrow 
@bryangreenberg i really wish i could come to your show in boston tomorrow  sadly i can't. have a blast anyways!
 but theres always tomorrow..
I've watched four movies tonight. I don't want to go to work tomorrow 
@lianadrnguyen i ate some onion rings, now i feel gross  that's okay though because tomorrow i will attempt to work it off ! ahha
@ElizabethJoan haha, i had a nice chat with his manager. He told me to call back tomorrow 
iPhone 3G S launch tomorrow, can't go because of cheer 
up to work  i'm glad tomorrow is saturday lol
is sneezing like theres no tomorrow 
taking my boy to the vet tomorrow  he cant put any pressure at all on his paw. hopefully in the morning its ok and we wont have to go :/
i m sick right nw  , hopefully shud be wel by tomorrow , coz i have my relle imp test tomorrow
back from reffing...kinda sick of it and didn't get all my pay  i'll complain tomorrow morning...
the wether is horrible! makes me sad...  but tomorrow party kiss ;)
@tommcfly lucky you im freaking out cause my ticket for sherwood tomorrow still hasnt arrived and im travelling tonight from edinburgh 
night getting up at six tomorrow  idk why eh.
gtg to schooL again tomorrow.. so sad.. can't even enjoy the weekend.. 
someonee PLEASEEEEEEE join me for shopping tomorrow. LOL im desperatee...! 
waahh..no moo tonight   am so going to las vacas tomorrow
@ciaoamalfi yes, it's supposed to be rainy tomorrow in tuscany as well and the joust in arezzo is tomorrow night!  hoping for the best tho
*sighs* still have review classes tomorrow 
crap I have to work tomorrow  
all of a sudden, i dont feel like going tomorrow to the bikey 
Going. My mum gets back tomorrow. I hate myself  For reals.
@0px @pinkmango @macosxfanboy Just arrived at Hollyfeld. But maths is calling so I have to get up tomorrow at 6am 
@0px @pinkmango77 @macosxfanboy Just arrived at Hollyfeld. But maths is calling so I have to get up tomorrow at 6am 
@DavidArchie i really really want to meet u tomorrow!!! i have no idea where to go or when tho 
cheer competition tomorrow...ahhhh xD and I can't practice 
is sick and wont swim tomorrow 
I offered to help with house cleaning and now I don't hear a word... ok, sounds like midnight-cleaning... and getting up early tomorrow 
tomorrow not iam going to come out 
making me funky-souly night ahead 'cos I'm gonna miss the show tomorrow 
@McFlyingGirl thats even worse...haha...ugh...i have to work tonight until 10:15...then i have to get up tomorrow at 6 in the morning... 
not sure bout this pic...it is from pnc tho...damn wish i was going there again tomorrow 
@davebriggs  looks like i'll be meeting you all only tomorrow as altho' family are trying to get me out the door, i probs should stay in 
Feels weird being single again after 6 years...! not looking forward 2 tomorrow tho 
has to wake up so early tomorrow..im just not in the mood.. 
@randomblonde awww, shame   in that case I'd say thank crunchie it's friday and save the twix for tomorrow, lol
where'd the sun go?? was at torrey pines today &amp; it was sooooo cold  hope the weekend is nice - del mar fair tomorrow!
acoustic show for a birthday party tomorrow. flounder wont be there 
bought a lensbaby only to realize it was the nikon model. returning it tomorrow. 
I have to pack tomorrow grr  i wish all my stuff would pack it's self
uh I feel like watching wristcutters. but it's too late for that now..I have to get up early again tomorrow 
happy its friday, but sad i have to come to work tomorrow....sooooo...its a wash 
@Wyvernhail that's what u think! I feel like it  now I don't need an excuse for tomorrow!
digging through boxes before its given away tomorrow @ our garage sale  sad
Closing tonight, tomorrow, and working 6am sunday ... Thanks boss man 
aw im leaving tomorrow. i feel  and 
@LeslieStrauss i would but i gotta be back tomorrow night to dj 
@hnewland no rockband for me tomorrow 
I have to work tomorow  should I go to bed alone agen ?
Wish I could go to #bcbmore tomorrow, will be on baby-sitting detail unfortunately 
@Hustlaaa yee  + im going to germany tomorrow ! so i hope im feeling alright tomorrow morning
@DominaM That sounds nice, thanks! But I'm sore from my trainer on weds and my shoot today wore me out  I need to rest up for tomorrow!
@artsytigger ha ha not sexy at all having my tights fall down...I have workshops today and tomorrow so I can't make it to the park 
Last day with Keni on Monday  I'll miss her so much when she leaves for her cruse in Greese and Italy.
  no movie times for sunday!  Rats will have to plan tomorrow. I guess this means I have to work on those two  presentations I am doing!
 I have an appt, but u all should go hear about palimpsests &amp; other interesting things tomorrow @machineproject http://tinyurl.com/m6qxqa
i think i might just be happy that it will rain tomorrow. my baby blackberry is gone  i love it so much!&lt;/3 r.i.p.
is gonna be all abandoned tomorrow at home 
off to bed now lol. it's 4:17 am already. i still have to attend a bday party tomorrow &amp; my headache is getting worse. this really sucks 
@milli i'm in new jersey tomorrow 
going to try and work tomorrow. talking to teri. cant stay 
misses ashley  going to bed so i can go pick her up (and watch graduation) at 9:00am tomorrow.
@naa. i just feel lonely now  like right now i just want a massive slumber party but tomorrow i'll just be leaving
is going to stay with whitney tomorrow. &amp; is without internet. 
@sayruhfosho I would, but ive gotta be awake early tomorrow.   And i might have pink eye.  
i cant do anything tonight or tomorrow 
@misha_loves_you ahhhh i wanted to go! but i have shit to do tomorrow. 
Finally sleep. Me and gene have to sleep in different rooms   beach tomorrow!
tomorrow is the last showing of the gumdrop dragon 
watching a movie with justin tomorrow 
so,no dye tonight, but tomorrow it shall happen. its cause ive been a swimmin, cant have cholorine in  the hair. 
@Bryanray... anything fun happening tomorrow night? I'm all alone again tomorrow.   http://bkite.com/08H8A
okay, so maybe it does get easier. idkk.  i don't wanna work tomorrow 
sleeeep overr exhausted!! cousins graduation partyy tomorrow  ughh
@CarolinaSunrise mmkay?  ugh - I have to get up at 8 tomorrow.  
i dont wanna leave tomorrow 
i am well rehursed and ready for the wedding tomorrow! but i am missing the fun times in tenn with everyone 
bedtime ... without @marktheescape  anxiously counting down the seconds til we're in portland tomorrow.
hopefully going shopping tomorrow. not feeling so great tho  have been sick w/everything imaginable this past month!
thinking what to do tomorrow! wanted to take my dad to coney island but he has a appt w the doctor already 
I better feel better by tommorow. its my graduation. I can't be sick 
@Killaya but i heard it was gonna pour tomorrow here .  had out door plans
got someone to cover my shift tomorrow, I just want to hide a little longer 
still packing/cleaning. gona go to bed  soon and continue tomorrow. at this rate i wont be finished packing till sometime next week 
uugghhh bout to knock out driving to tj 2morrow 
boyfriend lost the bet! haha now im going to sleep...i have to work a double tomorrow 
must go to the docs tomorrow... i feel so bad 
wiill not join monfort cup tomorrow 
i have to work tomorow 
@whataBREE oh and I checked the weather again and it said mid 60's tomorrow 
tomorrow is going to be fun its going to suck too    im going to miss kali
@Krystynzilla my mom just told me i can't go tomorrow  i'm sorry
i'm so depressed that dallas is tomorrow, and i won't be there. fuck my life. at least i have ashley 
going to sleeep. need to get up early tomorrow  goodnight&lt;3
im really bummed out  i dont want a full run of the show tomorrow.  also. i wont say much but... 2 words. cop injunction.
@simunismail: I think @rennymah did pass out. but you do look awesome tonight. but it is my bedtime  workskee tomorrow... &lt;/3
birthday party tomorrow early, i need to sleep in maybe sunday 
migraine. goo.  james's wedding tomorrow! yay!!!
Going to bed early, a little stressed because i feel like there is something i am supposed to do tomorrow and i can't remember 
airport tomorrow saying bye to my mommy 
goodbye work  . @cifsta_xx is tomorrow going to be like the most amazing but worst gig we've ever been to? omggggggggggggggggg, fcuk !
6 am and i still haven't slept... definitely not getting back for the reunion tomorrow  see you fhs'ers at the 10 yr!
shall probably skip my grandpa's place tomorrow becaues I don't want to infect him with my cough 
all my plans for tomorrow have been ruined... 6 hrs of travelling for a meeting at uni 
What can I give my dad for tomorrow?!?! I'm ready with my letter but no gift  suggest!
feel like crap but have to go to football tomorrow!!! 
feels that her whole body will ache again tomorrow morning  http://plurk.com/p/12fp63
claudiaaaaaaaaa is going to golburn tomorrow and doesnt feel like it at all coz she will be lonered 
for the first time since i got my iphone, tonight and tomorrow morn i think ill avoid twitter just in case i see something i dont want to 
I think I am getting sick. Sucks. Supposed to head for the falls tomorrow!  I hope this is just nothing.
I bought a new video game today and wont get to play it until tomorrow night 
Owners leaving outta state tomorrow.  Without me. I am going to miss them!!! I need a hug!
i wanna do something today/tonight. invite me. dont forget about me guys. 
damn got sidetracked now i might have to go watch transformers tomorrow 
It's a repeat performance of last sunday tomorrow! 4.30am wake up again 
it's really hot out there. ooffff i have to go to work 2morrow 
@djrdot I wanna go to the beach but I'm at work  should go tomorrow I'm off!
I'm really sorry that forever-miley isn't opened yet, it will open tomorrow &lt;3 Just my stupid updates won't change it's width 
@momontherun have fun tomorrow I'm sick I gave my @nkotb ticket away. I'm that sick 
Just came back from cranking with @annamalgorzata through the hills and other places!  Now to plan for tomorrow's study 
Fathers day tomorrow and im a long way from home 
Hayaaahhh perut gue bunyi2 huuu  I hv to wake up early (again) tomorrow 
the weather has been so poo today, im so bummed i can't spend tomorrow with my dad, i hate having to work 
@jason_mraz I'm gutted! I don't think I'll be able to make tomorrow!  I'm soooo sad!!!!!!!! argghhhhhh!!!!!
epic night of swimming, rain sucks today, hopefully tomorrow is sunny bcz i know its gunna be hot out --not looking forward to burning 
@vagrantdead i'm sorry, hon   i hope you get to see her tomorrow, at least...
no mask for tomorrow's shoot 
@ddlovato awn  of course i'll pray for you, my queen! i'm sure your voice will be better tomorrow! &lt;3
@ddlovato awh. i'm sure you'll do fine tomorrow! i'm praying &lt;3 wish i could go 
@evilgumbo G'Nite then!! im off too  see ya about tomorrow  xx
Leaving for camp tomorrow, no devices allowed  I don't know how I'm going to survive without internet...
feel sick when i think of 30 balloons tomorrow that I'll have to fill with helium.. 
meanwhile, larry and tracy are getting it on next door, and my soup won't be ready until tomorrow at least 
@KathLat  dont worry ill def be on tomorrow!
@ dougiemcfly could you wish me a happy birthday for tomorrow please 
ok then hmm time for bed early start tomorrow...again!  night xx
Ugh, best go tidy the house  I can polish tomorrow.
@ddlovato awh demi rest your voice as much as you can! and don't worry i'm sure your show will rock tomorrow! wish i could go 
@canadapost oh! i understand! i should have bought 2  It's for a picnic tomorrow on the island!
im really scared about what tomorrow will bring me 
@Laurlen  does that mean server reset is tomorrow for you?
tomorrow is gonnnna stink, cause im going to a soccer tornament! 
but i am leaving again 2morrow 
I am soo burnt from playing volleyball and working...im going to be soo sore tomorrow! 
Feeling like death...going out with kev though. I don't want him to leave tomorrow 
someone wanna hangout tomorrow? 
they always play timber at shows i sell my tix for, it didn't happen last night so definitely tonight or tomorrow  #phish
aww I am sorry babe  I hope you come back tomorrow
@LilPookieJ I am definitely e-mailing my landlord tomorrow. i actually heard this one yelp when it snapped shut 
Going to try to take him to vet tomorrow to get the skin tag removed, if an appt is available. This is so stressful for all of us! 
@SwEeTeStCaSsIe Sisssssss lol I'm goin to the club, dnt be mad at me, ima make it up to u tomorrow I promise 
nothing at all, bummed i have to leave the sis tomorrow morning 
Andys not making it home tonight. He has to wait till tomorrow to haul an empty.   
Eating sonic- be on tomorrow. I feel like I've neglected my twitter 
@LaurenConrad we are looking forward to meeting you tomorrow! Is it true they won't let us takes pics with you? 
@Franklngivanny i don't know franklin  i'll have to see tomorrow... sorry  
Buddddy got me tomsss! I don't wanna go home tomorrow 
working at 1pm tomorrow  don't wanna, hates sundays.
im watchin 21 jump street so dont want to go to work tomorrow  
no race tomorrow.  cmon coach, put me in!
about to ptfo. missing @enicholos, who am i gonna workout with tomorrow?! 
@kynzilla but I'm on my way to the gay club in san antonio  may I come home tomorrow?
@clarkgirlcharm yes!  castle time tomorrow?!
@luishandshake I want to see you tomorrow, but it sold out!  saddddddddddddddd. (And cue the deep sigh)
im going to be lonely tomorrow 
@itszMARYANNE please have that talk with him. and no cellcast tomorrow as i know of. after i convinced my mom to meet her friend at noon. 
watching rachel getting married and off to bed early. i have to open the gym tomorrow. 
10 min break almost doneee. Its been so busy today. I don't even wanna think how busy tomorrow will be 
we played to games today won the first 6-2 and lost the second 0-1   One more game tomorrow want tom come away with a W
I don't feel goooood  body, if you let me sleep by atleast 2, ill give you cake tomorrow. If not you're runnin 8 miles.
@hannnnnnnah ya we're hitting up six flags tomorrow. I'm so sad the show is over 
okay what is going on?  i can't get on my own blog...at all...and i just updated two events for tomorrow 
uh don't want to go back tomorrow. 
tomorrow I have to comeback to my town  come back to our pronostics lifes!
The Arangurens are over for the final frontier!! lol. tita marjit, harry, and lincy are leaving tomorrow. this cannot be! 
oooo,daddy wants to bring me out tonight..but i have school tomorow  how the hell am i gonna enjoy chivas regal??or carlsberg
Oh and eveyone put my nephew in your thoughts! He broke his leg today and has to get surgery tomorrow  so sad
im off to bed, have to wake up early tomorrow 
and then i remember my english a level tomorrow and want to cry 
definitely headed to bed, worn out and a loooong day tomorrow  sorry hun
in brisbane. i have to work tomorrow 
@annebendixen totally  annnd why are you up? I boxed up some fried rice and an egg roll for tomorrow  noooo worries.
don't know if i'm gonna be able to wake for meet the press   was too obsessed with the iran coverage today.  watch tomorrow @4 if u miss
@candie_ej Hahaah yeah! I can talk atm, but I bet that freedom will be gone come tomorrow morning! 
don't want to be tomorow... 
Oh well off to bed before another week in hell aka work. Another 3 hour workshop tomorrow whoopee 
toms moving back to arran tomorrow  gay.
is learning for It-system  so boring , wish me luck for tomorrow.
Going over my dad's today, then working on some stuff for my last two finals that are tomorrow. 
vacation is almost over - gotta go to work tomorrow 
4 more hours  here comes the countdown again, ughh wtf. working sucks, and I gotta come in tomorrow at 7 
@iLoveSeventeen not yet.actually im goin to buy.but i dont know when is the deadline.and i hope that there wil be a second batch 
just relax...but tomorrow my daily routine starts again...ewww 
wants school to end - monday tomorrow 
done eating, will sleep na ulet. haha, duty again tomorrow 
No not yet jez think I'm gonna get an exray tomorrow morning mate  hopefully be ok..! x
had four teeth out wednesday having another 6 out tomorrow 
wants to cut from her last class tomorrow so she could have free food... (LOL)  http://plurk.com/p/12pw4x
aww... tomorrow we still have skool  @ least i get 2 c some of meh friends...
tired... want to have this talk finished now...   big morning tomorrow
Packing my stuff for a photo shoot tomorrow....napipilitan lang. 
is packing my  stuff  leaving the A tomorrow *sigh*
@Ally_647 willy. you alright? sorry-havent been on for about 10yrs, cnt do wed  glasto then! but i get a new phone tomorrow so i cn text!x
oh god! i just remembered.. back to work tomorrow.. baaaah! 
Finishing off question 2. Looks like revision won't be happening till tomorrow after all 
My sister leaves for france tomorrow. I get to go on a roadtrip. Yay 
can't stop posting on twitter. this might be because i can't be bothered to do any revision. and i miss drama  if tomorrow never comes...
bummed to be missing @silverstein in ohio tomorrow  @shanetold i miss you fellas.
can't believe i'm turning 40 tomorrow. really missing kerry and wanted her celebrating with me. 
@buggi30 do i have to bring in shooesss tommorow? 
headed back to work tomorrow..........oh joy 
i go home tommorrow 
@KhloeKardashian  I'll be with u tomorrow, I promise
science provinical  but barcelona tomorrow! 
@KathiSP ...need to find someone who can come with me  cause the ticket's will be sold from tomorrow on. I'm sure it'll be sold out soon.
at the ambulance corps until tomorrow 
haven't even thought about the roundtables at #ibdg tomorrow - popup books aren't gonna happen, sorry @kikipigeon and @jakeisonline 
@amysav83 and on that note i'm off to bed got a crappy long shift tomorrow 
i enjoyed my last dinner with giovanni. venice tomorrow. pompeii broke my camera 
heads off too bed i got my last art class tomorrow until september  ... nighty night
best get to bed on earlies tomorrow 
feel sick. i wanna go out tomorrow 
so i just took a shower and now i'm sooo bored.  i really want to go to delgrosso's tomorrow, but someone needs to go with me! 
Is laying in bed, hoping he will feel ok for work tomorrow. 
My doom for tomorrow = The mall. 
scary dc metro collision! I might not make it to the concert tomorrow now 
is going to help bethan get ready for prom tomorrow. awwww wish i could have another one 
@maysiefurs   hopefully tomorrow will be better honey
Reviewing for comp lit final tomorrow 
interview in woburn tomorrow, pit stop in lowell, saying farewell to miss christina crowleyyyy  
just seen the flat I want but can't give the go ahead until tomorrow - really worried someone will swipe it from under me. 
has no plans for tomorrow... what to do... what to do... oh well, won't be special anyway i guess...  http://plurk.com/p/13alnx
prize giving tomorrow!! i miss mikaela  shes missing our annual tradition.
me and alex heading to yoga. hopefully my knee holds up. seeing my doc about it tomorrow 
really scared for getting my hair cut tomorrow 
havent got much done, just not sure what i need to be reading or remembering for tomorrow!! annoying me now  silly interviews!
oooh please go get him for me (: i wish he wasnt so weird yesterday..... i hope tomorrow he isnt 
needs to wake up early tomorow.  boohoo
@_brianthomas aww im sorry  just think though, by 12:15 tomorrow youll be a senior!
everyone's leaving milan and my train isn't until tomorrow night 
@tripfaller tee didn't come, niether did the bbq  maybe tomorrow...
@ceinnoc yes  but the airbourne is helping A LOT. I ate something in the morning and i'm just really sleepy now. I'll be fine tomorrow.
iiii ddooonntt feeel well, and i have tons of hw for tomorrow 
@Nainx im so sorry about leaving you! we thought you'd get on  luvz u... glomp tommorrow... XxX
saturday should be tomorrow. i wanna come home 
@b1ng0bang0 Lol, yeah... thats a plan but I think its due to rain tomorrow 
studying tomorrow...on my own first and then with some colleagues  i am so god damn scared...
@EmelleEntEvents I think so but I'm not sure yet.. I have two other vw events tomorrow that I have to go to 
stoked for tomorrow..hate packing 
I have togo now  But.... my desktop has dissapeared and now only that comes up is my documents... i will tell my mother tomorrow... eek D:
nooooooooooo i dont feel like baby sitting tomorrow...  :p
is bracing herself for her grandma's funeral tomorrow 
last practice  but i am so excited for miami tomorrow!! bye
i cant believe tomorrow is wednesday, majorr embarressment awaits mee...  i hate assembliesss
however, i'm more sick than ever! think i am going to stay in tomorrow 
@Lemomina ok, going to give back my bro his phone...  good night! I hope tomorrow fastweb will give me back my interenet *cry*
Wow...lied to by the haircut lady...tomorrow 
@AndreaJijon iknow I feel like I'm going back to homeroom tomorrow  yoo was that u in a black car
 I dont know how to get the output type from nast and tsp01 tables... but tomorrow i will find that
cant believe its foggy here, sea har from being so near the water I think, hope it goes away for tomorrow 
Watching transformers in honour of the sequel tomorrow!  Too bad i cant make it! 
not looking forward to tomorrow...how do you prepare an 11 yr old to attend a funeral of a dear friend 
@tommcfly your going tomorrow? Ah that's annoying! I was gonna go tomorrow but I wasn't allowed because of my stupid exams 
talking to skylar. uhg i have to get up early tomorrow  but idk go swimming tomorrow, tan, &amp; go to warriors? or go see transformers? idk!
well.....packing starts tomorrow      it's been fun kent.
i need a 32. and my gma ditched me tomorrow 
Wants to go to sleep but the thought of me not knowing what to wear tomorrow is bugging me 
*yawns*...way tiired..idk why..double shift tomorrow 
@desmondjames I'm there wit you...tired but gotta study for my finals tomorrow 
hahahh i love my brother @pro42089 he is fucking crazy. well off to ny and nj tomorrow, i really wish sam was going too !!  blah.
It is getting frustrated, I am telling dealing with police wil make you feel realy low 
Get ready to come see me at the hospital tomorrow that's probably where ill be 
Gots a headache  and I'm watching the news. I'm nit doing anything tomorrow so you and call me for plans.
Going to bed got a dentist appt tomorrow that sucks 
@samette cheer up.  i'm sorry we couldn't hang out tonight, i promise i'll be seeing yo face tomorrow. 
Ugh! My hair looks like a hideous sunset  Totally dying it again tomorrow...
I'm feeling blank? excited for southside tomorrow! thank goodness it isnt the 24th anymore, I miss it 
ugh, cant get on team jonas!  dumbbbb. ill talk to you all tomorrow i guess. especially you @alyssaxxooo ha
Just sipping tonight before eddy leaves tomorrow  ha ha
@nicolaweiner That's just what i told you to see what you would say, but i'm not here tomorrow morn now 
@zeeble  I just wish it does make it like that , just in case I travel tomorrow by bike ,m sure  it will rain heavily,that bad is my luck 
went down to cd store to get new regina album - only to find out it comes out tomorrow. 
should be ironing my pants for tomorrow, but my iron just kind of makes them moist 
@AnneBrooke I want to review this asap but today I am sick, tomorrow I have tooth extraction. please forgive delay 
@spEstrella if you have anymore questions just tweet or txt me tomorrow i'm going to bed i have work @ 12  gnitee girl &lt;3
On my way to work and i feel awful  plannin to take tomorrow off if i can
officially gonna sleep nowww. byeeee. hopsitial tomorrow morning  i love you uncle ray!
@joshbishop82 yeah they are focussing on the iclone crowd, looks like the carriers won't have it ready for tomorrow. 
usually I wouldnt mind being up at 4 a.m. But I have to get up early tomorrow!this sucks 
@AnnaSaccone aww never mind  enjoy tomorrow and ur welcome! X
no running today either     more rest and hopefully tomorrow im ok
whatt to wear tomorrow ??  cant decide between a dress or skinnies ? helpp ! 
wish me luck for my last paper tomorrow! nervous 
buhbye ppl. tgif tomorrow! need to rest. 
im so tired and cold  ........ dinner dance tomorrow
Not looking forward to tomorrow  grrrr
my laptop has a virus  will backup tonight and reformat tomorrow.
does not want to do the 800 m run tomorrow, its predicted to rain which means i'm gonna look like a poodle 
We're getting pics tomorrow by the totally awesome @bobbiandmike and I have NO idea what to wear. I'm not fashionable or girly 
@verabeltran hi.you're still talking to me?   anyways it's not the weekend yet for me either.i'm working tomorrow 
i don't feel any slight of happiness eventhough i'm turning 19 tomorrow 
 re-bandaged &amp; back to the regular vet tomorrow to fix their mistake. inner tie has come loose to create internal bleeding that is leaking
@ShannonMCasey  LOL... it's ok... I could have texted you too... Sbux is not in my budget until tomorrow 
I'm working tomorrow   Dunnes sucks 
I didnt win jonas brothers tickets on the radio.  well theres always tomorrow...
tomorrow gfs..I'm nervous 
No court today  anyone want to come along for the anventure tomorrow? 5am standing outside hayward court house??
plan for tomorrow. then sleep, i cannot take the pain already   tday's tweets have a lot of sad-leys.
dammit now i have to go to shool again tomorrow 
Apparently my repaired xbox360 elite should arrive from the repair center tomorrow.  I've missed her since she's been gone 
@ayumi_rollan i know.  call me tomorrow hun. ;]
grrrr to people who get said tomorrow. i have to wait till tuesday 
grrrr to people who get paid tomorrow. i have to wait till tuesday 
goig to hospital tommorow 
Sleeeeeeeeeep, then an interview tomorrow! Wish me luck 
@lizpdx Lol..no prob! We cant rant about it tomorrow. 
oh wait, thunderstorms tomorrow?! ohSHIT, then YAY!!!!  i love love love thunderstorms! g'night again haha
@JenGregory yea love radio 1 in the morning! how r u? yeah looking forward to tomorrow too  x
i will fail chem test tomorrow. meh atleast i don't have to go to weights anymore 
going shopping tomorrow with cinta, should be fun 
checking in online for my flight tomorrow   easter is almost here!!
i have to go now.... make up duty for tomorrow...... goodnight to all.... 
should be getting her passport interview done tomorrow. 
im shattered after yesterday's bodypump. i loved it though. doing it tomorrow again 
just saw blake! gen and brigitte slept over last night + seeing maille tomorrow 
just finished my letter to my sponsorson i'll post it tomorrow. Now, i'm just going to relax  xxx
lets hope the sun stays out for tomorrow 
at katelyn's we're going to kings' dominion tomorrow!!! 
Getting stuff ready for the wedding shoot tomorrow! 
getting me some keypads tomorrow and 7-segment led's got some ideas to bring out 
at work playin with balloons  lol travis' party tomorrow bout to be live!!!
aw yay :] good ish bad day amanda's tomorrow? 
I'm extremly tired! but i don't want to go to bed quite yet. I want to be able to sleep in tommorow  lol
going hiking on mt. tam tomorrow!!!  
off to bed...see ya tomorrow tweeps. 
@ekstedman It's okay... as of tomorrow, I'll have the house to myself. 
@salspizza tomorrow I should have some cools pics for you if weather is good 
@pauloescalada nope, that's not the one. i should be getting it tomorrow, but the seller hasn't replied. i can't wait to buy it 
http://twitpic.com/3j711 - I cant  wait till I'll be riding my bike tomorrow  
back in edinburgh tomorrow  england is awesome though
hanging with matt and emily at the beach   be back tomorrow
@nicksantino tomorrow in fort lauderdale will be 100x better!  see you there.
watching some more tv, and then going to bed to read some more of my book  what fun! also going to do some revision tomorrow, actually!
@erikavinyard welcome to the twitterverse! see you tomorrow!  have fun shopping
@MirkleyJo speak to you tomorrow   wont be there at 8 though xD
off to leeds tomorrow 
@abbyro my cell is broken, so call my bb if want to do anything/to make plans for tomorrow. 
Has little green things in her cup! that means the project for tomorrow will work 
@c_griffin okay, i missed your message until now, I'll come by tomorrow before rehearsal 
well i guess headin back over to my dads. hooters was fun tonight..i mean how cant you have a fun time there. cant wait to play tomorrow 
@heroeswench cool   I'll try not to randomly fall asleep tomorrow  hehehe
@jamielynnbeals we may have an offer tomorrow. We'll see..how r ya? 
@TheNoLookPass  cultural anthropology homework. and i want it done today, so i can enjoy the lakers tomorrow 
day with zack and alix and jt and marcus and ashlee was great  pre ordering our tickets tomorrow. zack'sawesome:
This little tree is tiiiiired  25's (and dealing with stupid people) tomorrow and then finishing 10s monday! Raiding every nice 
going to bed goodnite every1 be on 2morrow 
Gollygeewillikers! If I don't get some sleep soon I'm gonna be one CRANKY momma tomorrow (today?)  
@Nellypt  tweet ya tomorrow.
good night tonight...my journey on twit ends here until tomorrow  see ya tomorrow
@angryaussie i hope they still have one tomorrow - my dad is going early to check 
new song are turning out absolutely great  mixing and editing comes tomorow
@MariahCarey ahaa. I just woke up I had 2 hours sleep and school tomorrow which is &quot;bleak&quot;  hope your tooth is okay soon xxxx loveu
feels excited for tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/oz4n7
@josiiii you mofo. your a tard  ilyy. oii so are you free tomorrow. lovexo
hmmm...not really in the twittering mood tonight...see you all tomorrow 
Loving this weather  back to leeds tomorrow, cant wait!
today i'm divorcing wordpress, without really giving it a proper go.  tomorrow, i begin anew and shack up with joomla! you're all invited 
social networking sites become a lil boring sometimes...anyways,bye guys see y'all tomorrow..have a gr8 evening ahead 
its back to work again tomorrow. gotta sleep early tonight 
a lil SPCrew and listening to music and then it's lights out for me  more tomorrow then! tweets for now xx
thinking bout tomorrow..   (sorry..lets make it happen alright?) 
is going to liverpool tomorrow to see/meet fightstar  
@IAMtheCOMMODORE andrew lee  are you down for pinkberry tomorrow on me? strawberries and mochi ;)
just realized i have no hw due tomorrow. sweet. 
@MissBrynne hahahha oh brynne. i think you need to swing by the house tomorrow afternoon so i can see that niece of mine 
@babyGotham hi (: you're coming back tomorrow 
@tommcfly die hard! or transformers.. omigosh ur tour starts tomorrow, not that im gona be there.. stupid kilometres! anyway have fun! 
@shinsh0ku ah mr weston.  i'm not going to be able to do any work tomorrow night then.
@iamtedking I have 10 more followers than you hahahah i am more popular  see you tomorrow
gone home, open again tomorrow at 9am 
@vololdemort yeah that's cool  hope the presentation went well, tell me about it tomorrow! xxx
i think i love friendly fires. there tour videocast is so funny, looking forward to seeing them next tuesday yay 
done tweeting..... til tomorrow.. 
doing some research  tommorow presentationnn
@Jraffe okey, awesome. 'cause it comes out tomorrow, so if you guys have it- i'll come visit  what time you working? 4-close, like usual?
goodnight, talk to you all tomorrow 
@tony_mcfadden great idea tony - i'll suggest it tomorrow 
@buizels haha kay  i'll have my daily 100+ posts tomorrow haha i'm sleepy goodnight 
i need a good night's rest. too much stress. gnight world, see you tomorrow. matta ashita (japanese) 
@missbetty77 Of course I will be honest!!  But if you wanna show me tomorrow thats fine 
Looks like no L4D dlc yet tonight. I'll try again tomorrow 
Sleeping. Toucans tomorrow, anyone? 
see ya all tomorrow  goodnight ! 
@kirsty_wilson neato  will play with twibes tomorrow. should I be coming to @tweetupmellers?
@kristwhy  &lt;3 Brizy tomorrow will be fun baby ! enjoy okayy?
tomorrow morning please dont come.. can just the afternoon arrive early?? that would be nice and stuff 
@natashajonasx  ok coool, so dont want to go to school tomorrrow :| i get twilight tomorrow yay! 
bed. see everyone tomorrow 
@Seargee hey dude, I have to sleep now =/ have a good night and see you tomorrow! 
wish I had the energy.. oh well, get to call him tomorrow 
chillin at sayho's. greenville/shopping/spring fling tomorrow 
darn. it's sooo hot in here. can't wait until tomorrow. 
is gonna go blow glass figurines with tekhoes tomorrow in corning 
@sebby_peek cos i'm trying to get out of work tonight, so if i where to i couldn't go to yours or anything (N) i'm excited for tomorrow 
goodnite V and jim and jadia. see ya tomorrow on soapnet or here. 
home from work! looking forward to tomorrow with mishan and maia 
@neilhimself i'm looking forward to the event in nyc tomorrow -- and sharpening my questions 
gets to decorate my bff for the prom tomorrow. yay. 
@MelissaKuet still waiting for my new toy to charge up...guess I'll play with it tomorrow. 
Finally got home..our band had a show today  it was so much fun. anyways, prom tomorrow! and mike, i love you soo much, baby.&lt;3
is having a bonfire tomorrow. lettttt me know if you wanna come 
@iamhenrymorgan Night music man...till tomorrow...peace.  
excited to see my manda panda tomorrow!  its been to long, i'm having withdrawals. sleeeeep
watching some television &amp; hitting the hay! back tomorrow 
@thetwinz night twins yall betta' jam w/ toya tomorrow  send me pics!!! lol
@tallivansunder always full of info.  i will check that show tomorrow . i gotta clean up my diet. teas might be my first step 
going to bed... seein' my honey tomorrow for breakfast 
isn't apple and mango juice amazing? ahh it tastes so fresh  hehe. getting very excited for tomorrow! 
2 am and i am going to bed! damn you yoville! lol.......hope tomorrow is nice. gotta lot to do outside! 
@xpb I do and I'm gonna fiddle around with the ports tomorrow morning when I'm less tired. Thanks 
is getting a new housemate tomorrow 
Finally made it home, exhausted. I will certainly blog about the hipsters tomorrow... look out! 
i dont know. he hasnt confirmed it yet. maybe you will. maybe shell read yr tweet tomorrow morning. maybe she hasnt slept yet. who knows? 
well now to get ready for work. remember, @beckspresso is here tomorrow! and @dino_rider we got some fleamarketing to doooooooooooooo. 
@alittlelost it's saturday-leave it for tomorrow 
went to target to get my fave k-special cereals. i'm definitely having the best breakfast tomorrow 
waiting on my aunt to get in from philly then to bed....boardwalk tomorrow!! 
semi acoustic gig at the workshop tomorrow! woop fingers and toes for sunshine 
@androidtomato alright, I'll go home. I'll stand by the mailbox tomorrow.  
nail can hill tomorrow, my eyes hurt. im going to bed, good night 
@umeshdhingra : yeah well, sorry guys. Not where I can sit and watch, so no comments  back tomorrow
@stefanierose_x yes, im working 12-4 tomorrow 
heading to bed early =P got a 16th bday partay tomorrow  and three tonnes of homework... but who cares about that.
@natneagle awww sweetie! I know the feeling trust me! It will be better tomorrow just don't mess with it 
@bobbywatson hope yesterday went well  I won't be in #borough tonight tho...
@RealHughJackman can't wait to watch your ovie tomorrow! You rock!! 
@nateflynn no thanks, I'm seeing you at 1 tomorrow at the middle east babay 
is going to the movies!  my studying can wait or tomorrow XD
@ZillaFitness yeah &amp; it's coming soon, tomorrow!! LOL *slightly scared* 
callback tomorrow, filming went great... happy saturday 
going to make a sandwich and then sleep cuz I'm going up early tomorrow I'm going to church 
time to go to bed, have to get up early tomorrow for a soap sale in toronto... i hope you're coming 
good night to all... read you tomorrow folks, don`t get infected in my absense 
missing some people! going visiting tomorrow  congrats miss vick prom queen ~
i'm going to sleep see you tomorrow twitters 
hangin in the land of ho tomorrow!! Be back in the afternoon sometime!! 
just got back from chuck's! about to sleep since i open tomorrow and then house of flava picnic after work! i'm excited 
well im not playin beer pong.. they are.. fuckin papers to write tomorrow.. eff priorities.. 
@dsimpso1: you are a crazy man!  talk to you tomorrow  amanda
anyone going to san diego tomorrow might give me a ride ?  http://twurl.nl/nltb7h
@Cinnny aww.... it's okay.. hope you get some rest tomorrow!! 
@Rainnbow warmish but getting cooler - booked in for a long over due pedicure tomorrow 
@OLDMONEYNYC thank uuu for the interview. i'll blast it out tomorrow. xxxx 
yesterday was very fun  i am going to a partay now so i cant revise until tomorrow! im going to fail examinationsss...
can't recall my last true allnighter. can't imagine what tomorrow with my girls is gonna be like. will just push thru tho. 
needs to get ready for work really. no college tomorrow  oxford wednesday.....5th date this tour D!!! yay me!!!!!
@SYYJyC ok i'm here now but maybe not later..i'm needing sleep and am well on my way so i'll catch all the details tomorrow...nite...gl! 
I soooo loved my lie in.  and I get another tomorrow! I'm loving this bank holiday !
@ottomobile get some sleep. hopefully tomorrow will be better 
Retweeting @kiwinerd: @virgiliocorrado I hope you're well; I'm doing fine thanks.  Going home tomorrow, next focus will be several da ...
Looking forward to having a long overdue pedicure tomorrow. 
getting things ready for my ride to fairfield tomorrow i &lt;3 google maps  @melanieburns i may tweet you if i get lost. hahaha 
me either clancy,.. it sux! but oh well,.. see it tomorrow lol! 
@xaimeemoncur hello you smelly cheese  yay. no pe tomorrow!
good morrow to all! 
needs tons of luck for tomorrow 
up showered and ready to spend this lovely sunday at the library. one more final tomorrow then GRADTUATION!  so crazy...
@cassandroar I have, had an late night, come see me tomorrow? I'm off college 
Really depressedd had just eaten a bowl of icecream the sie of a house, is still semi hungover, but happy about tomorrow 
@Viooltjeswegman LOL ... i am going to call in sick tomorrow i think ... 
shall be visiting my momma tomorrow 
Finally graduated...and I start the new job tomorrow...yep, I feel acomplished 
Pretty much tomorrow is going to be awesome! To-do list just keeps growing and never shrinks. oops-- but I don't care! 
take care and have a good night tonight my fellow twitters xoxoxox's until tomorrow sometime laters 
@catirah that sucks, well get ur rest pretty lady. The world wants to see u smile tomorrow 
goodnight. wearing my shitty failure of making tie dye tomorrow 
Is in a really good mood because sam will be in town tomorrow 
@acaciamay It was a trip! I had to see it to believe it  I'll send you some pics tomorrow!
Seriously trying to sleep now. #insomnia tweet everyone tomorrow 
can't sleep. excited for tomorrow. listening to the fugees  good shit.
@cerrmoney- gossip girl tomorrow! since I don't have cable until tuesday, I will be at your house 
im still trying to finish hw. slowly getting over it though. i think ill finish tomorrow. second to last week of school starts tomorrow 
So hooked on to twitter  i do not want to study anymore. . But i must exam tomorrow. .
well i need to get to bed. chat at everyone tomorrow.  
Off to bed. Yay going to chick fil a tomorrow 
@missamanda yeah, i'll take care of it tonight/tomorrow  just pay me on the night, easy 
@DestriDoll sorry I didn't message you yet... I couldn't get my thoughts straight. But tomorrow I'll try  goodnight 
@thatboyBryant dont cry for me! i will see u tomorrow.  muah.
Is getting more and more excited about thorpe park tomorrow 
@varunshridhar Lets leave the nervousness until tomorrow! 
shopping tomorrow? I think yes 
last class at 10:30. One final tomorrow and 2 finals on friday! 
@kathibelle im sure he will  and if its not today, maybe it will be tomorrow..
@rescapism hahahah tell me about it tomorrow then 
@marano2288 aww, thanks babe!  you and yours have plans for tomorrow?
I know I have lots of emails to answer! I will be home tomorrow 
If you guys would be interested in watching me get tattooed tomorrow, let me know! 
so ready for dc tomorrow, photo trippin' 
@StealthBoomPow night honey..see ya tomorrow  
got to see 2 of my favorite guys back on long island  heading back to the city tomorrow or monday to be with the boyfriend! &lt;3
@djsleeper u in sd this weekend? Lets grab some tacos tomorrow or somethin if u free 
@MrCartersNurse  congratulations for your mom for tomorrow ! buenas noches 
gooooonight twitter...... i hope im better tomorrow 
@Pandabeara nope, up tomorrow  I'm tired need bed
Hanging with kevin tomorrow!  out goes being productive.
Home. Should be in the bed, but I'm just super duper excited about tomorrow. 
@gotsthepeppa woo! I was at whole earth tonight, maybe tomorrow some, let me know if you come back. Yay for wikipedia 
is a sleepyhead. looking forward to tomorrow. i love his family. 
@gm5000 I'll take a look tomorrow - definitely want to graph as many tweets as possible! 
i changed my picture  i am soo screwed, i have an assignment due tomorrow that i havent started, i just cant concentrate argh
@spanglegluppet thank you for the link! it explains a lot! and I'm glad you're feeling good! I've a friend coming tomorrow. will be fun! 
good morning everyone! hope you al have a lovely sunday!  (and i do hope it doesnt rain tomorrow :|)
can't wait to make that call tomorrow. gotta keep moving forward! 
my mum was really happy about her pretty small present^^ oh wow tomorrow we can test one of her presents: one of the pasta recepies 
hope schools gonna be good tomorrow 
@jaq175 im master chefs #1 fan. im coming to school 3rd lesson tomorrow  join me?
@EmbryC  naww. im bored now youve gone.. anyways.. talk to you tomorrow. 
@batmintt my stepdad said they're all the wrong ones. ( you're going tomorrow! 
cleaning today- super. then another little road trip tomorrow w/hero.  ... tryin to keep a positive mind... need that good energy yah?
N:saw a really nice back to the future top today.I WANT IT!! and a star wars one that I REALLY WANT! ha  off to revise..1st exam tomorrow!
@sodaflux I'm off yo buy more plants tomorrow! 
is watching the amazing racee. i cannot wait to see cameron tomorrow! 
I'm goanna be on the news tomorrow!! At 7am watch us dance 
Leaving tomorrow at noon to go pick up my big brother! So excited! 
halfway through ben button. watching it with my mother  still need to study for tomorrow's final
@tesskisner after the show opening friday, i had a complete energy crash LOL. just getting ready to start the next phase tomorrow 
Tired tired tired!!! but training with peter tomorrow  he'll get my tsuk landing right
chillen at the crib, finna go to sleep here soon. tomorrow mornin gettin blazed b4 school  cant wait 2 c my bby tomorrow&lt;3 i love carleigh
@asherlove, good news i'm getting dave's memory card tomorrow 
@maitababy okay maybe not tonight, but I'll hopefully see you tomorrow 
ok good night yal,made it  to commerce and a little bummed my nkotb concert is cancelled,shopping tomorrow to make me feel better 
going to get a much need mani/pedi tomorrow 
angels &amp; demons starts playin' tomorrow!! 
@dan_g_griffin I agree with jac your pretty much amazing  lol see you tomorrow bud! have a good night and day at work 
can't wait for the lakers tomorrow and my birthday 
@robotmunky hehe, well i get to do that tomorrow  closing suuucks
tomorrow = final presentation. then graduation then done for the summer!!! oh to be free 
cant wait to get away for the weekend. finals tomorrow and off to the river to get my tan on 
@mariya051487 i'm drunk for your bday already!  i'll get you wasted tomorrow!
Misses my husband so I'm leaving greenville tomorrow 
@Vixelle I do understand, everything is ok, just call me tomorrow night or I will call u 
@cynthiasant0s i miss u too cynthia! i cant wait till ur home tomorrow too! hey! meet me at church at 5 if u can... 
finally home! is 2:30am already n i have to wake up tomorrow at 7am...i hope my super nice professor forgive me if i arrive late tomorrow 
bedtime. more studio tomorrow and guest vocals on friday 
goodnight &lt;3 hopefully twitter works tomorrow 
@WookieStyle I'm gonna clear out my camera and charge it tomorrow. 
Dreeeew i will... Soon. I'm making sushi tomorrow in cooking! And maybe get do froyo too 
@marshymelly aiming to finish photography as it is due tomorrow  she said she wont look at anyone's photos she gets after friday.
@UseTrojan aww man i heard! you guys suck for going all late  &amp;&amp; no she didnt but i heard about it lol go tomorrow i work with april 
damn i woke up too late now i have 5 mins for coffee  but its my birthday tomorrow  #mcfly
lets see what tomorrow brings!!!  superrrr awake!!! lol
jonas brothers 3D came out today  seeing it tomorrow maybe cant wait!
mom wants to stay in the hilton and i want to stay in the interconti... booking tomorrow... 
@jamesmiller123 its friday tomorrow  yesssss! got a science project due though  gay! how r u? xxx
just back in bcn..., but movin back to gva tomorrow  -&gt; http://bit.ly/lpF6u
had a fair good dayy (y) going to see jb in 3d again tomorrow with CRISSSY 
@sarahdenrara oohh I haven't been on for ages,I will stop by tomorrow 
I'm so excited...tomorrow i've got a good plan  (i love paula de la guardia)
@JudyDeVille have fun sweetie, see you tomorrow night 
guess who's birthday is tomorrow!  oh probably the same girl who's best friend is getting home tomorrow...woooooooo 
In class but thinkin bout tomorrow and the drive-in with my bff 
@abhishek ah  i have to wait for it until tomorrow
@KraseyBeauty I am... butterflies in my stomach hahaha I'll call you tomorrow morning so we can meet up!  xxx
What does everyone have planned for tomorrow? 
I am in love with my best friend and cant wait to see him tomorrow after class 
excited about tomorrow. i miss my friends. 
seeing movies tomorrow 
With rebecca for the night.   disturbed concert tomorrow 
acidacidacid -wash jacket tomorrow, cannot wait :***  chelsea's here and we're about to make a video 
@Daizz26 oh no don't worry tomorrow will be better 
@csiswim Thanks, tomorrow should start the craziness of it all 
@rockstarbunny if its any consolation, I'll think of ya as I buzz peds, and split lanes through the city tomorrow 
@Ashleegaston yes, honey, i know you love her.  send them tomorrow. So guess who had a party tonight, that i wasn't invited to.
soo tired...sleeping with my little &amp; can't wait to see michael tomorrow 
@martinpolley @docbaty Thanks for the walk estimates. I'll let you know tomorrow how long it actually takes me 
@cloudbreaking I am working from midday onwards tomorrow, if you are free come say hello 
went to expo + bumped into more seftoners! life is good. chs tennis knockout tomorrow 
is finally going to sleep, had a great night, had a great talk with the bro and is hopefully going to tucson tomorrow  - $teph&lt;3
My daddys gone to germany but hes coming back tomorrow  !!!
agree with @MissRover  it's morrow for me now
is at home.. and its raining which is really nice and cool..   relaxx... till tomorrow comes..
@kezraaa yey you're coming tomorrow! 
@nickolaimathews what time is what due tomorrow? mgmt is due at 2pm and sociology before 4.30... but i submitted mgmt yesterday.. 
@luminovadreamer I'm excited. It's like a birthday present  (I'm 22 tomorrow, argh!)
@angelica7641 It's sad, isn't it? We're going to have to make a pact to encourage each other to get off the couch (starting tomorrow) 
@lancearmstrong hey cowboy! tomorrow it s holiday for the peloton  good lucky from tuesday ;)
tomorrow i fly to paris i'm so excited 
the party yesterday was great! just chillin' today. tomorrow no skool! hyeees 
No doubt concert tomorrow  yay! I'm gonna be there!
ready for night out...off to saskia  see ya tomorrow guys (:
On strike again tomorrow  #germany
back to the hospital [keep praying for papaw] start my new job tomorrow  exciteddd.
Night night.  Lots of maths tomorrow... will do a timed paper. Isn't life fun?
haha yes! @stephdeleo ill hit you up tomorrow 
going to sleep early. working out tomorrow at eastfield. yesss. 
My bestie is coming over to see me tomorrow!! I feel so loved!  
is subbing @ apollo tomorrow! for special ed. it should be a grand time. plus i may see some of my mpact kids again 
@AshySwiftnas  ahhaj tanks you too...  i go to sleep but see you later! if you want tomorrow... goodbye girl!
@sethsimonds ROFL right now b/c I'm tweeting about u w/o ur username &amp; u can't see it! (Take me back!!!!)  (I know, maybe tomorrow.)
is bored 2 the X-treemmee i have dancing 2morrow..yayy 
Teachers on strike tomorrow  http://bit.ly/y3qg5
@Leabella  there is alot of into out there... and  hopefully tomorrow we'll have even more! 
so he got drunk and confessed he wanted to marry me, and wants me to have his children.....I bet he'll feel like a dumbass tomorrow 
Everyone sounds so emo :[ Mreh, bowling tomorrow. I'd rather sleep in and dream 
@x3sarahp so where u takin me tomorrow 
@FedorasBox i'll be seeing you tomorrow hot stuff 
@TandyQ night! await tomorrows riddles  i guess there will be some more-
@Leishkin brush yourself off and try again tomorrow sweetie 
whatever tomorrow brings, i'll be there with open arms and open eyes..... whatever tomorrow brings, i'll be there 
@moeneekah ok, I have to like Mish it and try and finish my assingment tonight so I can't go out tomorrow  (that means no schoolll) yew ha
mcdonalds breakfast tomorrow  bacon and egg mcmuffin without the bacon please  tomorrow is 1 week no meat   call me you wanker. 
I feel something coming. I'll ink tomorrow.  lets try to get some ZzZz's
@preshit ask it when preshit was born again tomorrow, out of curiosity 
@invisagal i might have to get drunk tomorrow...lol 
just nailed a group uni pr campaign presentation! and now to start and finish another assignment due tomorrow 
@ChestyKemper It's all good buddy! I'll call u tomorrow! 
i have to sleep nah..going to my dentist tomorrow morning 
mm great, we have a cheer performance tomorrow and i can't even do the dance ;o 
Me &lt;3 takemitsu! 700kr richer tomorrow!!   xD
done watching. i still have tomorrow. wii. 
@Heroesdieold ok chick! i look forward to tomorrow then  Imysmbihbafybikywtw. Ytmitimliwickahyedtryhsyatm   hehehe XxXxX
so tired, but not at the same time - not wanting to go to tafe tomorrow, getting to see bennys though  - hmm :|
super excited for tomorrow  good night peepZ
i am pigging out because tomorrow me and my roomie are going on a diet. 
I'm off! Gnite twitterpals  til 2morrow!! http://myloc.me/1nf0
going to bed...dave, jordan and jeremy are coming to wilmington tomorrow for the weekend! i'm excited 
No, I'm not eating that but just thinking about it... i'll have it fur brekkie tomorrow 
...its friday tomorrow!! 
@toria678 hahaha how random. ive been to st kilda.               are you coming to tigs fete tomorrow?
like yeah, the mcm expo is tomorrow  X
@iamaline came back empty handed. I didn't see anything I like  I'll go again tomorrow...
nothing. i'll be online later or maybe tomorrow? 
Oh and I'm so glad that tomorrow is friday 
@booshtukka I am gonna ask dating advice tomorrow  :o
take care out there tonight, its a messy and gusty one, till tomorrow ... take care one and all 
working 7 - 4 tomorow 
ohmygod!! tomorrow will go down to serangoon centre (a walk from my house) to buy present for humairaaaa! 
shopping tomorrow morning YAY then tha gardens or emma's most prob gardens  x no concert R18 grrrrrr we aint gannah get nightmares x ha !
Charging batteries, cleaning lenses, getting excited...There must be a wedding tomorrow 
@jobsworth I'll be on that train tomorrow... hopefully will be working fine by then! 
says yay!  hanging out and doing nonsense tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/vgpk8
oh wow, i see jesika AND madina lake tomorrow! 
okay, I better head to bed if I want to make it to #bodystep tomorrow  night ya'll
Still editing my desktop edition rant video,  at this rate I will probably end up uploading tomorrow sometime 
@AnoopDoggDesai heyyo anoop.....do great okay tomorrow. i meant the interview. btw i hope u do some shaving...start to miss the old ANOOP 
netball tomorrow morning, bright and early. fuck yeahhh then mel n tegans party, sooooo excited 
Preparing stuffs! Going out with my cousin tomorrow! 
hopes the sun will stay now - fleamarket tomorrow, get out the change  http://plurk.com/p/vh81e
@tytryone have a good show tonight!! i'll b there in b'ham tomorow  cant wait!!!!!
:  thinking bout the lost --- and the cross &amp; praying for good-soil hearers tomorrow  
@StuartHolloway good luck chief!! cast off and walking, playing cricket tomorrow,  well standing in slip!! not too strenuous! 
@tommcfly sao paulo tomorrow! cant waitttt! .. hope you have fun here.. please meet your fans at the hotel    at the lobby or restaurant
@weschicklit night night... will try to catch ya tomorrow 
@arpit105 will post the monkey pics tomorrow 
@lifeiswine @yellowumbrella7  perhaps tomorrow i'd go to CUAAD if my mistress let me 
headin back to the dale tomorrow to be back with someone 
is not feeling good. off to bed. wonder what life has in store for me tomorrow? goodnight. 
yahhhh for not working tomorrow. going to put up my hammock 
thinks of what to do after enrollment tomorrow.  http://plurk.com/p/wh7ed
@SaraBOSSY okay!  tomorrow sounds good... will be more awake 
Oops... working on my C assignment before it's due tomorrow 
I'm glad I have such a loving hubby. I can't wait to see him tomorrow! 
@minette95 hahaha so tomorrow let's talk about that and decided 
Looking forward to getting a chance to meet/share ideas/collaborate with the famous @jamievaron tomorrow. A mini meetup 
@chanel_latrice let's layout and swim tomorrow! 
@xoxolovebug that's okay! lol i have to finish up a paper for tomorrow anyways. i'll be on tomorrow 
LOL @vppatel2011 Lets work on it tomorrow! 
@mikeyhell lol ok. ill be there tomorrow 
Preparing for lunch tomorrow. well not really preparing but really looking fwd to it 
@Fearnecotton lovin radio 1  I'm bored bivisin  biology gcse tomorrow!!!!  can you play paramore-brighter please?
I m skiping all clases today, turn in my paper tomorow 
Making my bubba's 1st birthday cake ready for tomorrow! How time flies 
garden of the gods with marina tomorrow! can't wait! 
Is anticipating the big move tomorrow... shall the weather clear, heres hoping 
Is ready for tomorrow's comedy act. 
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! okay maybe not tomorrow.....next week though  im still excited 
misses his girlfriend lots. macbook and cuddlez tomorrow 
@adrianaclayton its okay, im just really stressed. tomorrow night will get me better 
thinks im going to plan a pool party tomorrow  hit me up if you want to go.
watching lindsay lohan getting her limbs cut off :/ i know who killed me is so weird. on the upside, tgif tomorrow 
Finals starts tomorrow....but I have nothing to worry about. Gnight 
eating these amazing twizzlers doing my nails then going to bed, up early tomorrow for me 8 hour trrrrrrip! wish me luck 
Considering taking part in #followfriday tomorrow ... hmm ... haha 
WoW wont log me in &gt;_&lt;... on a happy note, i finished my costume for tomorrow night. 
ok...i think my eyes need a break  lots more to do tomorrow.
off to bed. dentist tomorrow and then  going to a demetri martin show!! i'm sooo excited! 
hitting the sheets. tomorrow will be awesome  gnite loves!
sooo tired.  i need to stop watching dallas and get some sleep.  graduation tomorrow! 
@lemonytea Thanks!!! hope feel better tomorrow. 
is looking forward to tomorrow, well I guess later today ~ dinner and movie with awesome friends!! 
@a4aspie yeah, we can totally brainstorm tomorrow night...love doing that!! 
can't wait for tomorrow  goodnight
I agree with @jenni_starr  tomorrow should be bomb too with @banditbueller.
NEEDS sleep so bad right now ; totally excited about tomorrow!  &lt;3
bed. going blonder tomorrow 
@naiomifarrait and @sararachelgrant so much fun with you two tonight  be prepared to be glam tomorrow.
kinda drunk not gonna lie.yay! can't wait to go out tomorrow night. hope i don't work tomorrow! 
on my way to cvs, picking up some vodka for breakfast tomorrow 
I need candles for tomorrow. Anyone have some? 
hmmm.. i hope we'll go to the place where i want to go to tomorrow  that'd be fuuun :&gt;
driving to santa barbara with @dopo81 tomorrow  im super excited. does that make me crazy? guess ill find out tomorrow...
thinks that @gia16co should go tomorrow. 
@CathyDuhh what is it? what is it? haha just kiddin but you gotta show them to me tomorrow haha 
@jancake aaahhhh lucky u! Hopefully tomorrow night comes quik  !
is saying goodnight and have a pleasant tomorrow 
@FusionPhilly wow, you're up late--and all for the sake of tomorrow's boot camp?! 
worst nights sleep ever. god i hate sleeping downstairs. wtk&amp;hey monday tomorrow 
i promise to send pics of graduation tomorrow  
@jaihill lol, it's not till tomorrow dude. 
@millitokyo tis my birthday tomorrow  goin to a local theme park 
waiting for sam... see you tomorrow @Sarahhlouisee 
