Most common words for this cluster:
[('tomorrow', 887), ('today', 117), ('tonight', 24), ('am', 22), ('plans', 15), ('lol', 14), ('maths', 13), ('paper', 10), ('classes', 10), ('nothing', 10), ('hope', 10), ('duty', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'tomorrow', 0.971552312374115), (u'tonight', 0.7209237813949585), (u'tommorow', 0.6959827542304993), (u'today', 0.6892350912094116), (u'tommorrow', 0.6845088601112366), (u'tomorrrow', 0.658266544342041), (u'tomorow', 0.6562342047691345), (u'Tomorrow', 0.6156129240989685), (u'Saturday', 0.6033545732498169), (u'Danielle_Giordaano_spokeswoman', 0.5913823246955872)]





Ugh....92 degrees tomorrow 
@Knights_ No, no notice. They told me I'd be working tomorrow, and then I called the agency to follow up and they said it was over. 
I need to go to the bank tomorrow before I go broke... 
Almost finished with new moon.... If I didn't have to work tomorrow I would totally finish it tonight! Geez... 
@abacab1975 still sore  comes put tomorrow though!
tomorrow is another day....damn tomorrow is already today 
Is anyone out there?  Of course not... it's 4:07am.  I have to go to work early tomorrow and I can't sleep 
today i wish to get out of australia. tomorrow i will have the same wish 
gooooodnight ;) last competition tomorrow, so tired. 
no fall out boy tomorrow 
@philiplavoie Had to change plans for tomorrow  so I did a 60 miler today with lots of hills and will see what I can workup for tomorrow
@imot92 Watching football lol and wishing I didn't have to go back to work tomorrow 
So have to do this jop done by tomorrow.... 
is pretty tired and has to wake up tomorrow to do that stupid paper over serotonin 
I wish I didn't have to go to work tomorrow so that I could listen til the END!!  #asot400
@caz_k same here.  don't really want to go back to work tomorrow. We should start our own business doing nothing and getting paid for it.
really effin tired.. and not ready to face reality tomorrow 
@marragem My apologies for meeting too. Only got home from hol today and am trying to get ready for tomorrow 
has to go food shopping today. How boring, then back tro work tomorrow 
no tattoo i bottled out   so tomorrow!!
driving back home,but see HIM tomorrow,not today 
I dont want to go to scool tomorrow!!! Mondays suck! and r soo BOARING!!! 
....sad because my daughter is moving away tomorrow.. and then I will be here.. all alone again.. 
has tooooooo much art to do for tomorrow 
@NathanMillson haha... But not today  tomorrow yes
my mum just told me i have to get a needle tomorrow. WHAT?! but i have hockey training tomorrow.. 
Really not up for this spirituality retreat tomorrow. 
There's 5batteries retest tomorrow and my leg is not healing 
back to tafe tomorrow...not really looking foward to it.. not exactly as good as i was hoping when i signed up...  
if im still sick tomorrow ill actually cry 
I don't even want to go through tomorrow.i am going to miss him soo much.  
@rarmendariz i thought deadline was thurs. checked calendar and it's actually tomorrow. i did not finish either. 
is super tired and about to go to bed...looks like this speech presentation will have to be finished tomorrow 
More than half way through the paper...but I think I am going to wait until tomorrow to finish. I feel very very icky! 
off to bed.  got to drive to dallas tomorrow  
@Tsouki: I'm going to get a tune up tomorrow! It's so raggedy lol. I just want a new one 
is sad that raven will not be able to attend tomorrow's festivities 
Has to wake up early tomorrow for the fight 
hopes she can find an 'alba' tomorrow.  http://plurk.com/p/rd48v
beach today. my boy leaves tomorrow 
is going to freeze his balls off during the marathon tomorrow. 
I hope three alarms wake me up tomorrow. it didn't work today 
Preparing a lesson for tomorrow.  I'm sick and we have a lot to do today.  
is not really well to face tomorrow activities 
@rosescel well that has put pay to my plans for tomorrow!! 
I have entirely too much to do and may have to skip out on my fun plans for tomorrow. 
is done with people when I get home tomorrow. It'll never work out 
Felling slightly better today. Going to get the assignment done, have to hand it in tomorrow 
I don't even want to go to work tomorrow- i might be in trouble 
No training tomorrow. :| ) BAMBOOZLE. 
relaxin again today ~ do not look forward to work tomorrow 
Paper round early tomorrow 
Is not looking forward to going to a funeral tomorrow   I hate funerals!
doesnt want to take honors testing tomorrow 
Sundays are always boring and tomorrow i have testing 
I dont feel good and i dont want to go tomorrow. 
wish the recession never happened: long assignment on it due by tomorrow 
Trying to go to sleep. I've been feeling bad lately. I think I'll go to the doctor tomorrow 
Please don't make me go to work tomorrow!! 
thinks he is sick     I hope I wake feeling better tomorrow
ugh...I hate feeling this way    hopefully tomorrow will be better than today!
does not want to go to school tomorrow  but is excited to see the lakers play tomorrow !!
I dont have any plans tomorrow 
we'll be taking pictures tomorrow! yeay!  but Amalinaa probably will not going to be with us! 
so tired. off to bed. some of us do have to get up to unemployment and such tomorrow you know! blech assignments  xx
wonders how tomorrow will turn out --- meetings all mixed up.  http://plurk.com/p/rrhbq
@katriord I'll probably find all my topsoil in the street tomorrow. 
argh! want to go to dim sum with hoppmom... silly work tomorrow... 
@heathernicoolia i know!!! but im flying tomorrow... i have to shuttle all the mothers to la tomorrow 
i enjoyed my dat of today. back to work tomorrow.  i def. need a new job
TIRED....really dont want to go to work tomorrow! 
hoping I don't get kicked off my flight tomorrow because of my cold 
meeh, chemistry tomorrow 
So nervous for tafe tomorrow.... What if no one likes me 
is sleeping early tonight. ward round starts at 730 am tomorrow! 
poor kitten has to be desexed tomorrow so can't eat tonight, he is hungry 
Getting bored of revising now for chem prac tomorrow... 
reeeally not up for walking 15 miles tomorrow 
@RJIPhotography  I wish you strength tomorrow.
@caninetrainer Must be a really tough holiday for you, I'm sorry.  I hope tomorrow you can just unwind a little.
@pdurham Until tomorrow what?? You haven't left instructions!! Now we're all misguided and lost! 
@LisaMantchev but we're going to try ;) This contest is really fun haha. But now it's dark so we have to wait to destroy until tomorrow 
so weird being back... unpacking and paper writing tomorrow 
Off to bed, need rest for funeral tomorrow 
procrastinating on a 6 page paper due tomorrow 
has to wake up early again tomorrow 
@tdahle awww I just saw that.  I'll officially be moved up tomorrow. Things are about to get ridiculous and sloppy.
has jury duty tomorrow 
As of noon today my camera was in dallas... Its supposed to be here tomorrow and there is no departure scan 
bad dreams  but today is effectively my friday since I'm off tomorrow, so I'll have to make the best of it
i have court tomorrow 
bed taime. hopefully i'll hear from the place of hopeful employment tomorrow 
has ap human geography tomorrow 
Omgosh my throat is soo sore. I hope I feel better by tomorrow. 
wants to go shopping today, but has to wait until tomorrow 
Oh god its tomorrow, how can It be tomorrow aghhh no no, i need more time 
tired. don't know what to write in the essay tomorrow  
@Chennn lol well I have an exam tomorrow  so I can't start tomorrow
@LMAshton It bugs me more than I can say. It sticks in my mind and even if it stopped tomorrow, it's somewhere else. 
i have to wake up at 5 tomorrow to run 9 plus miles... fun 
food and sleep. back to atown tomorrow. 
@comicstudies get well soon. I'm sick too and tomorrow have to travel for a so-called 'conference' with my organization 
going to bed. have to do homework tomorrow 
@LariiTran very, especially when you have your english and maths half yearlies tomorrow. 
Going downtown tomorrow so hopefully my allergies won't act up ... 
I'm the worst! I wish my Shmister wasn't asleep! She's leaving tomorrow, and I messed up any hanging out we could have done tonight. 
getting seriously stressed about stats exam tomorrow. not looking forward to it 
is revising for her math gcse tomorrow 
revising for some stupid re gcse tomorrow 
I've tried to do some gardening today, given up as I am now windswept and wet, try again tomorrow.   English weather 
7pm already the weakend flys by, back to work tomorrow  boooo
tomorrow is a pep rally 
is doing projects due tomorrow and wed. arghh 
Insomniaaaaaaaaaa tomorrow ill see 17 again yay!! I went today but was sold out 
my knee is aching again... i might be absent tomorrow 
@OweeW yes,, we have to act out a scene tomorrow in english.. not happy 
wants to stay at home tomorrow.. 
noooo, dont want to work today!  tomorrow off though, woo.
really hope danni is better for tomorrow!! it will be rather boring wif out her :/ and i have no one to laugh at when buying relentless 
will just haavee to continuee uploading tomorrow. 
Maths exam was interesting :| English tomorrow 
wish I didnt have to work tomorrow 
I really don't want to take the bio midterm tomorrow 
@mjfh81 still at least you only have today to go, ive got today and tomorrow then my weekend kicks in  what made you angry?
going to sleep. probably doctor tomorrow 
Stressed about tomorrow for many reasons 
I'm missing out on canoeing tomorrow 
is going back to work tomorrow.... no more holidays 
I don't like being ill  I hope I get well tomorrow since I'm going to sthlm and maybe meet magma!
Who wants 2 hang out tomorrow or the weekend? I will be alone and bored 
I hope deliberations tomorrow don't take forever. 
going on holiday tomorrow - but got to go to work today first 
yay it's friday... hold on I have to work tomorrow 
Getting stressed over a sortie tomorrow. And like I am really really stress.. 
i'm not ready for tomorrow's competition! 
I want 2 get my nails done today, but according 2 superstition I can't. Guess I'll have 2 wait til tomorrow then..  off 2 French!
wow.. tomorrow and then it's over. i'll never see some of those people again. it's kind of sad. 
i wish i could go to meet in the middle tomorrow. 
Tweeting to tweeple about my tweens, for tomorrow I am 30 
I *really* want to go to the @coldplay concert tomorrow!! 
working again today  but off tomorrow for dan's party! yay!
#quitsmokingdiary  5 Weeks tomorrow since giving up YAAAAAAYY!!!!               - I dont want to talk about it 
I'm suppose to get up to go find sumthin to wear tomorrow but I can't get up 
@Mollotova i was going to cal you  i'm not going to be able to cuz i close tonight and open tomorrow i'm real sorry But i'll have present
no run today...     tomorrow, I'll take Lilly (the lab) and shoot for 7.
i neeeeed plans. no one can hang out tomorrow. booo. 
i'm sickk  ... tomorrow will be a disaster if i don't get better.
is not looking forward to returning to reality tomorrow. 
I need to look at apartments tomorrow  
I'm really nervous about giving a speech at a wedding tomorrow 
i should have run today  but i let my slight aches be a bad excuse    i'll make it up tomorrow go 5.5
going away party at ambers  road trip tomorrow!
i'm tired! I don't if I should go tomorrow......very hard decision 
not looking forward to that 7am meeting tomorrow. 
i have to dance at the womens conference again :/ i already performed yesterday,and it went well, but im super nervous about tomorrow 
is worried about tomorrow...plans discontinued? &lt;/3 
i'm super bored...i have nothing to do tomorrow 
tomorrow will fade faster than it's anticipation 
Duty again tomorrow 
Cleaning allllllll tomorrow I hate when people come over 
Today sucks, today fails, tomorrow needs to be better 
I shall change my background tomorrow, since it doesn't want to change now. 
...And there go my plans for tomorrow 
one double down. one to go! I hope tomorrow ends up being better than today 
I hope all this moving is finished tomorrow I need to cuddle lol I miss him 
my heythrop library card expires tomorrow 
too full! i need to go on a diet from tomorrow onwards 
is home and relaxing before she has to go down south tomorrow.....! 
really bored, i wish i'd gotten up a bit earlier today. i need clothes for tomorrow. 
Starts reserve duty tomorrow... 
wants to go to bed, and i want to go out tomorrow 
did not get to go kayaking after all  maybe tomorrow
is sad that I can't hang with the best frann tomrrow. 
still have a fever  i hope it gets better tomorrow
@talltinachris Leave tomorrow aft. Finals went well, made more today! I don't think you'll see me unless you come over while I'm moving!! 
has just realised its bright outside and is still not tired...packing tomorrow??? 
graduation tomorrow 
done for today..but there is all tomorrow 
Why did I book a flight for 6:50am tomorrow? 
Stock take tomorrow 
@NariSanee she left a couple mins ago...but i'll tell her u said wen i see her tomorrow...or hopefull she comes back tonight 
i so need to start going to sleep earlier!!! dreading tomorrow!! err 
off to bed now.. science studying tomorrow     *tear*
Graduating tomorrow. The only person I really cared about coming isn't here 
The deadline....tomorrow 
Exams start tomorrow.. 
is too tired and sleepy to work tomorrow. 
My fringe is fucked! You will see tomorrow though. 
argh, chinese A level tomorrow 
is home. has to write an english essay due tomorrow  at least its only 1 page
jims getting put down today or tomorrow... not good 
Grieving. Classes will start tomorrow, and it's raining. 
Ahh really dont want to go to skl tomorrow 
Revising for maths exam tomorrow, it's not sinking in 
not feeling very good today. i hope i feel much better for track and field tomorrow. 
Just watched a pretty amazing episode of C.S.I .. damnn.. back to life tomorrow 
Has has a picnick and was happy but realized it's maths tomorrow 
i woke up too late to work out  looks like i'm doubling up tomorrow!
@meganrae1211 we changed plans  so no p-town today.  but we'll make a chicken plan! haha maybe tomorrow? (mon)
 Maths Exam tomorrow 
@EmmaCJAdams the awards are being shown tomorrow 
is shit scared for tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! math 
Dreading Maths tomorrow! 
I don't wanna work today....  Luckily, I'm off the next 2 days!! Who wants to go on a picnic tomorrow?!!
URGH! maths tomorrow i dont think i can cope! 
I have jury duty tomorrow 
@Madsalty I have a biology re-sit tomorrow 
 maths exam tomorrow
surgery tomorrow 
doing nothing productive today, then work 10 30am-5pm tomorrow. gross shift that i don't want to work. 
Final maths exam tomorrow 
is not looking foward to tomorrow  for many reasons.
we can do this all over again tomorrow when i wake up! i'm waiting on video two to load 
Should really go to bed got to get up at 6 tomorrow 
Has done all I can for maths tomorrow 
Maths exam tomorrow 
@19fischi75 weatha forecast says as from tomorrow thundastorms r possible! 
Lying in bed dreading my marhs exam tomorrow 
is tired but doesnt want to go to bed knowing that i have to wake up and revise tomorrow  5 dayssss!
I am sooooo not mentally prepared to go back to work tomorrow   hold me.
i have to turn in the app. tomorrow 
Not looking forward to having to write stat reports for customer tomorrow 
is not looking forward to the maths exam tomorrow 
@queencarla18 i just got your message...  i hope you figured this out because i still don't like it that much  daisie tomorrow!
soooo bored. I have jury duty tomorrow   bummerr.
Snickers is being put down tomorrow 
So sleepy! Not wanting to think about going to work tomorrow 
Home  math final tomorrow? froelich what were you thinking
Still haven't gotten my #easactive, so I guess I won't be starting the challenge tomorrow 
has to go to the ortho. tomorrow 
Waking up at 5:30 starts tomorrow...alkghsdoiujasdgoih!! 
Having an allergy attack tonight and it's back to work tomorrow.  
I dont want my teeth pulled tomorrow 
@ittykat I have to give a 15-minute presentation on this tomorrow, so I don't know if I have any to spare 
Wow im already nervous about my speech tomorrow 
@beeebz_ highly doubt it will be closed tomorrow 
Today not good... wake me up tomorrow. 
 English tomorrow. *breaks down*
will be homeless starting tomorrow 
@Rafiraga aaauuug, i have to look for a job tomorrow and wednesday = no kaching. 
@CinnamonCloud  boo! might have to go into town tomorrow and see if i can find a signal booster or a new aerial.  to late to go today 
geography AND english tomorrow 
Watching hollyoaks. Really need to revise for mock tomorrow. 
We dont have early dismissal tomorrow  totally sucks
great weekend but tomorrow bio 
is extremely full. english tomorrow, i hope it's an interesting paper 
is just going to have to wait to watch the hills tomorrow!!! 
@mRsThiCknClaSsY  it was free food, but you're right. better tomorrow.
REALLY wants to go uptown soon  anyone free tomorrow?
loooong afternoon, stamping logo on boxes....phew! getting ready to pack up order to ship tomorrow!!  then more stamping 
is tired of phonetics and is stressed for the examS which are tomorrow 
I'm not looking forward to the English exam tomorrow 
Just back from sarahs, bored  hope its hot tomorrow!
@ellenmoore08  hope its better tomorrow. What was bad about today? Besides the drugs ;)
really doesn't want to take the philosophy and ethics exam tomorrow 
Not looking forward to doctor appointment tomorrow 
hated running at the gym today but it's soooo freakishly hot outside and zumba's not until tomorrow 
Ugh...I have the opportunity  to perform my civic duty and appear for jury duty tomorrow.
Going to bed, tomorrow, more video making, more E3 press conference watching, less sleep 
@laurlita I'm sorry, it is  If you remind me tomorrow, I can call to see if I can make a special arrangement for you.
is nervous about her surgery tomorrow 
awe i gtg offline now  oh well theres always tomorrow
Eepps.... Finals! English final is tomorrow 
@moustachio it doesn't really hurt to move yet but i can tell i'm going to feel like leather tomorrow. ugh 
i am SO not going to be able to stay up to watch conan tonight. *sad face*  i hope i can find t online tomorrow...
I'm so off tomorrow but...not really b/c I have to run errends and be at rehearsal 
is going to be pink for her graduation tomorrow. 
I don't want to present my project. it's so lame and uninteresting  but I'll be the first one to go tomorrow...
Going to sleeping but sad tomorrow has sports! noooooo! 
Is watching t.v and laying in bed.. and doesnt want to work tomorrow 
can't surf - only one bar - will try again tomorrow 
I hope I can get some sleep tonight...nervous for tomorrow 
@willspringfield is in dire need of a ride to LAx tomorrow 
aarg,going to be a sunny tuesday tomorrow. not looking forward to it 
i need to go to bed. springboard tomorrow and wednesday! i'm so nervous. 
wishes today would just end already... dang @ 7.30 start tomorrow 
@latinagina loser...better than a test tomorrow 
@CaplinROUS bummed I was offline for the #rodentjeopardy  will keep an eye tomorrow!!
@stefimarie go to tmobileeeeee tomorrow.   or throw it. bahah
I don't know when my appointment is tomorrow so I have to be there at 8am just in case 
final for donahue tomorrow and I definitely don't have notes. golly  but at least I'm ready for english..
@BigEish I tried to get a phone tonight but I guess I'll try again tomorrow 
Just started studying for tomorrow's test &amp; won't be getting much sleep tonight 
if it wasn't for #swineflu i'd be flying to hong kong tomorrow 
is trying to memorize her english assessment for tomorrow. 
@joswinson you what? Does that mean the forecast for tomorrow is looking bleak? 
i miss my baby       but i get to see him tomorrow (well today!)  yay
Sleeping with my make up on tonight. I know I'll regret it tomorrow but I'm too tired to move 
surgery is tomorrow 
is going to screw up tomorrow's paper 
hopes that it won't rain tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/xvpyf
lesson learned-do not put off tomorrow what you can do today. b/c tomorrow you might feel sick! (like i do today.  so sad. yoga later.
@mccmarianne lol, I love u. They still don't have the results, looks like it will be tomorrow 
Interviewing tomorrow . . It's too hot to wear a suit 
Ugh... Nervous about getting my tooth pulled tomorrow. 
stamping boxes is exhausting and slooowwwww....back for more tomorrow 
tomorrow i need to be slimmed down  no more hot cheeto puffs 
going to be early....another 5am shift tomorrow!  
@ericareed. Aw i'm sorry  i will try and talk to her about it tomorrow!
is upset because his plans for tomorrow are getting broken 
I need a working printer. Both of mine are shot and I have a draft due tomorrow 
Off to bed, cardio at 4:30 tomorrow 
is going to paint a garage tomorrow, then working the concessions. wonderful 
going to bed, more bar study tomorrow 
I wanted to try to wear shorts tomorrow, but I couldn't find any that aren't too big on me  #chickenlegs
AND I still need to pack for my shoot tomorrow 
I am HORRIBLE !!!! I didn't study for my Finals tomorrow, I should be doing it now but I am so tired. 
hopes that it won't rain tomorrow!!.....  http://plurk.com/p/y2akb
@TDLQ feel better ducks!!     talk to you tomorrow!
Bums - i've just realised i forgot to register to vote tomorrow. 
@karlcandido speech? i didnt get to do it yet...should be tomorrow 
has a meeting at 7.30am tomorrow 
@karlcandido that will be my speech tomorrow  utterly tragic
@MichaelSmith22 Miiiike, what proposal is in for tomorrow? I've lost track of everything. 
My trainer made me work hard at the gym today.. Arms are going to kill tomorrow!! 
@holidayfromreal my hct anniversary would be tomorrow 
wants to go to jesse mccartney's concert tomorrow 
says today went well... but tomorrow will be harsh...  http://plurk.com/p/y5h8b
@Breaksteel can't go tomorrow. have physical therapy 
@kinseyholley thankfully it's meant to start raining again tomorrow. totally sucks for you though 
was at the dentists today. and will go tomorrow too. 
I don't know who to vote for in the election tomorrow 
@ChynsOrtaleza so sad that your afternoon soap will end tomorrow (tomorrow, right?) .. 
is going to feel hungoverrr tomorrow at work  All nighter tonight...?
@SexyLoeLoe are you tired?  i'm so sick tomorrow i have to walk on the runway but i can't so much pain 
@BigSunglasses but...i have plans tomorrow. 
back to reality tomorrow 
@erindunford i need new brakes too  gettin em tomorrow.
not looking forward to wafting the bishop of brentwood tomorrow 
can't believe I have to get up at 0730 tomorrow to bring Skylar to his baseball games (he has 2 tomorrow). 
Ughhh got to go to bed for my 7am start tomorrow 
we need some ideas. shelby you move out tomorrow  don't leave me!!
@geesmyangel Honestly I'd love to stay up - I'll try my best - but I have no coffee and I have to be up for 7:30 tomorrow 
@sunmess poor you. can't sleep either!  what are your plans for tomorrow?
taking the sat tomorrow 
Not achieved to much today apart from eating B.L.T sandwiches and watching telly   I must do more tomorrow.
@grovegalk I've got to run far tomorrow to burn off 2 slices pizza 
I won't go to uni tomorrow.. don't want to.. but will do a lot of work tonight and tomorrow 
not looking forward to the drive to the cape tomorrow 
Has her SATs tomorrow at west carteret 
last dayyy! have to say bye to all the seniors tomorrow  depressinggg.
sleepy. working early tomorrow 
@alli3kinz so tomorrow is a no? 
@stgactor I did - today!!  It was a lot of fun and its always motivating being on set. I just wish i didn't have a 8 am final tomorrow.. 
Nothing to do tomorrow 
just got called in to work tomorrow. fire much worse. 
i'm so sad the bonfire tomorrow is cancelled.  i was looking forward to it!
My sister graduates tomorrow! 
has SATs tomorrow, bright and early. 
is going back to reality tomorrow. 
i need a black dress for tomorrow still 
really should be packing for my flight tomorrow. very reluctant.  (and lazy too)
@SoooRiNIKulous  thank you... maybe tomorrow lol
@denissahady wah so tomorrow you're not going?  get well soon!!!
leaving the outer banks   on the road for 9 hrs today, 14 tomorrow, back to work on monday
Guys were graduating tomorrow! I think it just hit me 
unexpected guests today or tomorrow, and i dont want to clean 
@shellmccready uh i cant go tomorrow, change of plan, family lunch tomorrow not tonight  Lannas still going though i think ?(:
ohmy. its almost tomorrow then after tomorrow will be class   masterline, were back in business haha. 868, prepare for your brand new dvds
Now I'm just have booooring  . If bfh has benn online, have I played it now! But, tomorrow I will have fun! I have FOOTBALLMATCH !!!!!!!!!
@MizzLolly That live stream's not working tonight, guess I will be watching tomorrow 
I forgot an entire paragraph  I'll write it tomorrow and then remind you all to read it again.
missing out a beautiful saturday.  feeling kind of down today.   tanning tomorrow is a must!
@piginthepoke &amp; I still can't give you any props till tomorrow 
Totally sucked in our games today. We better play well tomorrow 
My sister graduates tomorrow. I don't know if I can take it. I'm probubly going to dehydrate from crying so much 
Has laryngitis and an audition tomorrow  
I would really really love to have @TheSims3 for tomorrow.  I'd really cut an arm for it.
@courtneymcfly aww. that really sucks.  we should hang out soon court...like tomorrow. what say you?
i don't have any more good games, tbh.  i should buy some tomorrow.
Slightly drunk, dreading waking up tomorrow 
tomorrow is my parents anniversary 
last session tomorrow   #redcaps
@danie_d I'm so jealous!! Wish I was there.. just checked tickets to fly there tomorrow.. but they're too expensive 
So tired. doesn't want my games tomorrow 
i pray i get to go to my boy's tomorrow 
Getting in bed with a guilty pleasure to console myself for having to wake up at 645 tomorrow 
Going to enjoy doing as little as possible tomorrow (today) but why oh why did I book groceries for 8-10am slot 
ugh! i have to wake up at 5 tomorrow! stupid softball 
needs to sleep...i have to work a double tomorrow 
I guess i'll be watching tonight's videos until  tomorrow. 
leaves forster tomorrow. 
just broke my beautiful sink  and i need to sleep...lol i work at 11 tomorrow
@iamryantimmothy shut up you! :p..  im working tomorrow, until 3, so we'll partayyyy after that!
@clebardquiparle now I'm all hot and bothered, and I've still got 3 projects to finish for tomorrow 
Is revising for textiles exam tomorrow!    x
So I got up at 12 today and I have to get up at 7ish tomorrow so that was just a bad idea right there 
graphics exam tomorrow though 
It is too quiet tonight.    I need more distractions to get my by until tomorrow.
i hope tomorrow will be brighter than today,and tonight i enjoy with my dissapointed about him.. i havent success to forget him! help 
is doing my timeplan for cooking tomorrow  I am so scared about it!!!
I feel icky  Exams tomorrow.
reality: physics is tomorrow! i'm fucked 
havta do more goodbyes tomorrow. 
wake up eraly tomorrow, 
wake up early tomorrow . 
My arm really hurts  doctors again tomorrow.
my vaction is over ... really don't feel like working now    actually tomorrow...
@Linteia me too !  i have a 6 page paper due tomorrow and i didn't even start it. woe is me.
I must go to bed early tonight as I need to be up at 5am for my early shift tomorrow 
english exam tomorrow (re-take). very nervous 
sixth form tomorrow booooo! 
Needs @krizziauy  Why aren't you going tomorrow / later?! 
got injection tomorrow  x
got injection tomorrow 
soo going to fail tomorrow  ah, well there is always 2nd try ...)
@emilyburnett they go on presale tomorrow, so they better not sell out :| i will cry if they do  x
just checjed lottery results. still have to go to work tomorrow 
not sure how tomorrow's construction paper will go... 
I need to go to la for demis video shoot tomorrow!!!  ....
Is sick in T.O  hoping tomorrow will be more successful!
Having serious amounts of anxiety over going back to work tomorrow   I'm not ready.
going to bed! worked so much today! and back up tomorrow!  bright and early! xxx
@threesheeps sadly from searching here.... the rumors are true, they are meet producerss  so even more I have to call tomorrow
really can't be bothered to go to work tomorrow, it seems so long since we had a public holiday ... 
@alexmccarty i miss her  are you going to be in the shop tomorrow?
Nervous about my surgery tomorrow 
@ETK1 I don't know. I'm hoping it gets better tomorrow. 
plans for tomorrow got canceled   totally bummed....
@evilapprentice of course!  But not until tomorrow 
I hope there's internet in the tent tomorrow 
now I'll have no film to watch tomorrow. 
have to pack tomorrow  and I keep forgetting I'm 19 on tuesday, ugh. old.
@YungCEO no my flight is tomorrow,  I had my dates mixed 
is going to the orthodontist tomorrow, ugh 
2pm  I am now officially dreading tomorrow (of course, I mean today, and that is the problem)
more tooth drillin tomorrow 
ugh 2 hardiest exams tomorrow  hope i get atleast a B in both of them!
@JessicaYahn sorry I left the chat ... can't sign in   I'll try again a little later then maybe tomorrow.
Is off to the shops...and doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow 
My family and I are fighting off the flu and so we may not be able to meet them tomorrow 
@ShortCircuit I would come play with you &amp; @jacefuse, but I have to get up really early tomorrow 
going to the doctors tomorrow. scared of what they may tell me. 
Watching the game, drinking a magarita...S0 not ready to go home tomorrow 
track and field tomorrow. I'm going to fail 
becoming a grown up tomorrow 
dreading giving a presentation tomorrow 
Just burnt my fingers. :/ not cool,  early morning again tomorrow. 
my 2 sisters leave for overseas tomorrow 
@Bruceericatdell sorry... I hit my limit.  It'll have to be tomorrow. 
Didnt win the lotto...off to work tomorrow 
YAY, tomorrow is a holiday for me  but today isnt 
Going to the courthouse tomorrow... huge disappoinment. 
my cousins flying back to tazzy tomorrow 
band starts tomorrow 
ah syet my meeting is tomorrow not today!!! i dressed up like a nun for nothing 
ugh. classes start tomorrow. 
@JoelyRighteous  hugz! I am pouring a bourbon in your honour. And don't worry, tomorrow will be just as bad if not worse.
@jasminanguyen I have mine tomorrow and I thought you guys were going to have it today so i wanted to know the questions. So not ready 
is revising for the exams tomorrow and wednesday  at least its nearly over
have to go to hell tomorrow  I hope the devil's not around.
we'll do that tomorrow is truning into theme of today 
Finally watching american idol.  I don't want to work tomorrow.   wahhh!
So,6pm dismissal schedule again tomorrow. :| 
feels excitexious (excited + anxious) for tomorrow. It's schooltime again. 
I just want to sleep but I have homework to do for tomorrow 
I start doing community service tomorrow 
@irishprincess41 sadly no, just trying to prepare a lecture I have to give tomorrow - dry as dust 
Statistics exam tomorrow - not good 
@carisrianne thank you missus ! hopefully in tomorrow depending on how i feel. and i want to go to jonas brothers now ! 
RAM won't be here till tomorrow 
@davidarandall is not fair I need to be outside tomorrow doing a stock check 
aaaand. finally starting learning my French oral for tomorrow. seriously, i should start studying earlier in the future.. 
Statistics GCSE tomorrow...what joy 
History Test tomorrow 
@andykemp Still slogging through reports - 100 due for tomorrow 
No internet till tomorrow 
really tired..but cant be bothered going to bed  P.E tomorrow too..oh the joys!
i hope my cd comes in the post tomorrow (or later today) 
i'm so tired and want to sleep but i have to finish my project for tomorrow   
Shopping for tennis. I'm so nervous for tomorrow 
i have my algebra final tomorrow 
finishing cleaning out the international, climbing into a fruitliner tomorrow   
LVATT tomorrow, hopefullyy. [no midnight for me] 
first final tomorrow, language . 
going to sleep. i guess i'll watch patron ttequila just tomorrow   
Jess leaves tomorrow. I'm superbly sad. 
doesn't want to go to orientation tomorrow  whateverrrrr
Science exam tomorrow afternoon 
ugh geometry tomorrow 
@TrespassersWill I'll probably drop by late then; trying to squeeze in way too much tomorrow before my 1pm flight 
is not feeling well after her fill today! I really hope i feel better tomorrow! 
geometry regents tomorrow 
talking to matthew. then maybe ill go to sleep. tomorrow should be lame. 
i don't think i'm going to be able to speak tomorrow at this rate 
is going to miss the team when they leave tomorrow 
listening to #LVATT then bed and soccer early tomorrow 
has her english midterms tomorrow! 
@OhVeeBaaaaybe24 tomorrow too haha I can't find anyone to take me tonight 
I'm tracking calories again starting tomorrow. I've been slacking 
Sports day tomorrow  o well i am not going  haha
my sis leaves tomorrow  ..well, today actually. :'(.  So sad
i wanna be in ash. today and tomorrow 
Duty again tomorrow... 
it's just rain  hopefully it'll snow (till noon tomorrow)
@joshuawithers Dude, i'm fully pimping my iPhone, but it all goes away tomorrow... 
Since there's no suspension, there'll be a quiz in Geom tomorrow. 
ugh. 'real' classes start tomorrow. 
@figuromo would but packing for my trip tomorrow at 8am 
looks like I will be going to work tomorrow - I didnt win the 40 million 
@downesy hope so--can't go to work tomorrow again tho 
i've got an economics exam tomorrow. 
@KevinTAV i misss you  i cant wait for you to hear all of this tomorrow.
i'll try to get LVaTT today before lunch. because i just can't wait until tomorrow or after tomorrow. i need it today ! 
@johnynek I didn't know you were leaving tomorrow! I won't get in until after midnight tonight 
Stressing about tomorrow.  I don't have enough people to pray for me. 
very sad because my babies are leaving tomorrow. 
math exame tomorrow....i'm soo worry 
not playing in the dirt today  maybe tomorrow?
i now have an appointment at the dentists tomorrow and 3pm! So not looking forward to that!! 
soooo not ready for physics tomorrow 
doesn't want to go back to 6th form tomorrow 
I successfully unfollowed 70 people. 20 more are getting cut tomorrow. Sorries. 
iPhone 3.0 will be released tomorrow, I wont be be here to download it when it comes out. 
Wireless router keeps breaking  hopefully getting a new one today or tomorrow
need to sleep, 13 hour train journey waiting for me tomorrow   be back on sometime tomorrow! maybe they have wifi on the train?? *hopes*
studying for my regents exam tomorrow!! 
Wondering if I'll get to see @burchama tonight before she leaves town tomorrow. I'm going to miss that silly girl 
didnt make it to the gym today  will go tomorrow and push it!
i really wanted to see luke tonight before i go home tomorrow but in bed  hope i see him tomorrow &lt;3
@bschh Of course your tomorrow is our today, and we're still waiting... 
reading and going to bed. i have to be up so early tomorrow 
&amp; tomorrow going to the doctor, to be checked for the fluuuu 
just had THE scariest moment ever where it looked like he wouldn't be able to travel tomorrow... shaken up and slightly teary now 
Wish i  was going to the parade tomorrow 
@trekkerguy  I really hope that the launch isn't scrubbed tomorrow.  
back to work tomorrow  i need a vacation
is sooooooooo tired, i do not want to go to work tomrrow 
@campfires omg  you always have tomorrow if you wake up early enough, boo!
@campfires awww  i'll remind you tomorrow nite then bbdoll.
12:20 am, have not started studying for final tomorrow: if tomorrow is only 89% sucky I will be so fucking happy 
i just put a new picture on here..i will prob change it tomorrow though.it looks weird when its small.. 
is nervous for her interview tomorrow 
Hopefully tomorrow will go smoother then today went...even though there is the damn gym tomorrow 
will be stuffing her face today before recovery mode tommorow 
tomorrow???!  makes my decision easier though....
scared about english speech tomorrow 
In art getting ready for the exhibition tomorrow. I should be in bed! 
Haha, facial appointment tomorrow ! Shiiet, cannnot shleep 
and my art major is due tomorrow  i havent even finished it.
and my art major is due tomorrow  i havent even finished it.
sports day tomorrow noooooooooo 
i am cooking for tomorrow breakfast. i am sleepy 
playing the role of driver till tomorrow.... 
@ Iprealez me too!  thank you for your concern hopefully I will be there tomorrow.
@VladGeorgescu good luck today, tomorrow me next 
studying today, exams tomorrow and friday 
getting confuse between today and tomorrow............................... 
is generally not looking forward to her review tomorrow  Hopefully there will only be 1 more before I graduate (again)?!
3 back to back classes tomorrow... 
so sad today bout to graduate tomorrow and all my friends or going to different scholls and i wont c them 
tomorrow finish!!!  :S XD ........
Just been to see my grandfather who is having back surgery tomorrow 
I am soo tired today  can't wait to have a relaxing facial tonight  and just relax
i think vacation can't come soon enough. I'll even settle for tomorrow that is if I didn't have to work 
Just remembered can't go out late tonight due to work at 6am tomorrow 
Test Of English tomorrow 
@bonjersay I'm going to tomorrow! Unfortunately, I had to mow my lawn tonight! 
@rylyapplepie  k see you tomorrow when i can!
i wish tennis didn't end tomorrow 
does not want to work a split tomorrow! 
sooo tired!! nervous about her bio regents tomorrow 
graduation tomorrow. so scared, i dont want to grow up 
Relaxing! Regents tomorrow, didn't even study yet. 
has to drive for drivers ed tomorrow  I'm scurrred!
 jury duty tomorrow. so not cool 
i wanted to go to sephora during my break tomorrow but i wont be able to  grrr
Just leavin wendy's. I shulda gave him my number.  I will have to go bacc tomorrow
cleaning tomorrow? or gym tomorrow? ... work tomorrow 
Foot doctor tomorrow  final verdict is.....
Yay! I have eggs now, now I have to wait til tomorrow to make it. 
don't want to go to ocean park tomorrow, it's going to be too frikking hot to have fun 
I have to do a speech tomorrow.  I am NOT excited about this 
is not wanting to have surgery tomorrow 
i miss my kyky n lzz  glad i get to see them tomorrow.
is looking forward to going under the knife tomorrow.... 
i'm not at all prepared for my math final tomorrow! 
has a feeling she's going to get ditched tomorrow... 
Now if only i could nail down that last interview for the program tomorrow, then i could have it in the can and go home 
Should study for last final, but can't get over the fact that after tomorrow, I'll officially be a junior. 
not lookig forward to waking up tomorrow!!!! 
is taking a biiiig deep breath and getting ready to face tomorrow 
is having two concerts tomorrow, but she is really ill... :S 
tomorrow will be a very loaded schedule! huhuhu... 
preparing for 9am meeting tomorrow 
@Natashaklein I'm doing a physics resit tomorrow 
this weather is horrendous  hope it clears up for tomorrow.
@_break_ ugh, i finish up my current project tomorrow  we were planning on going to osaka then if you're downtown
still working on my presentation for tomorrow.... 
today was okay ;/ maths exam tomorrow. booo  
@letmesign  quite right. I find out my results tomorrow 
is babysitting today... science exam tomorrow 
@paultheplumber no and it hurts ! doctor said it will be agony tomorrow 
No more exams :] Never got ear pierced I have to go back tomorrow before the sponsered walk  O well piss up on the beach tomorrow
getting ready for surgery tomorrow 
i'm gutted that its not my prom tomorrow 
really want to go to princess protection progam premier tonight but cant because of exam tomorrow 
Science exam tomorrow  !     better start revising....
today was nice, i went to lazerzone and laitse. now i am really tired and i have nothing to wear tomorrow. 
Getting my tonsils taken out tomorrow! 
Tired again. Couldn't sleep and will be tired tomorrow now 
is studing for my science final tomorrow  
I don't want to do two shows tomorrow 
@fallenwiccan know the feeling...  have to go through and look at quests tomorrow think 5 or 6 may have gone grey lol
Year One starts tomorrow! I want to see it tomorrow, but I won't..  
gutting  will max back down tomorrow? If he does would the teams care or is it really too late?
Not looking forward to knee surgery tomorrow 
Basket-ball is over tomorrow 
@oliviamunn ah..i have to wait til tomorrow over here in the bricks 
almost 2 am, damn, dont want to work tomorrow 
is sad that i have nothing to do tomorrow 
I'm so bored I guess I'll go up here and get ready for bed  so not the move. It's on tomorrow!!!
math regent tomorrow 
I'm burnt from yesterday! I cannot look like this tomorrow!!! help!! 
wanting to start a running program tomorrow but looks like it's going to storm 
And now it stopped...and right at the good part too  guess I'll just have to finish it tomorrow!
 i'm board :b and happy for tomorrow
reading the chronicles of narnia series again... work a double shift tomorrow 
@wastethisnight  I wish I would've came over I did nothing. and omgz i think evan taubenfeld is here tomorrow but he wont tell me where!
going to bed now going to try and start working out tomorrow because i feel fat 
Watching stick it with abbz!! Not wanting to work tomorrow 
@paninisaywhat i'll call you tomorrow since it depends on if i can get gas or not  i only have 1/4 and i'm runnin low on cash
I don't want to work at 9 tomorrow cleaning blinds... 
The adult in me has decided to go to work tomorrow. 
ah techinical difficulties.  no article today, will try again tomorrow AM 
exam soon  but the rest of today and tonight should be fun 
@yutingloveshow  I've got tuition tomorrow too!
I have to work tomorrow and will miss the lions match 
@justeezy tomorrow is soho I look out for you!! I dunno where to find good streetwear here 
has to get up at 4:45 tomorrow  *DIES*!!
Classes again tomorrow. 
OMGOSH! vikki is sooooo bored  should i go skate park tomorrow?
I really don't want to go to work today. It's not even payday and I still have to work tomorrow too..... 
I have a feeling I will be very alone tomorrow.  people should text me yahhh
ohno, i forgot about tuition tomorrow @ 10 when i said that 
So wish i was seeing #paramore &amp; #nodoubt tomorrow. 
is getting impatient for tomorrow to come 
I am so pleased that I get a lie in tomorrow.  I think I am going to wake up with a cold though 
back to work tomorrow  i've enjoyed having the last three Saturdays off paid though ;)
@heathirmarie he was supposed to throw a bullpen tomorrow off a mound; said he was feeling great; then all of a sudden felt bad. It sucks 
Night night! I have to revise tomorrow and i am not looking forward to it 
I am really worried about tomorrow. There is going to be terrible bloodshed! No doubt about that!  I just hope I am wrong...
@nataliemccallum lmaoo i know  i will tell you my plan tomorrow ;)
I'm sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo full! and sooooooo lazy today! Lol. I have to wake up early tomorrow, my week ends tomorrow! 
no holiday world tomorrow!  
I have to come back tomorrow so they can take out blood 
Watching true blood...then going to sleep no club  going tomorrow
No rain today but its back tomorrow says the weatherpeople 
@AroganceJustfyd JASSON! I got you tomorrow for sure. I totally forgot. 
yard sale rained out  hopefully sunshinde tomorrow!
wow philly you've been so good to me but we must part ways tomorrow 
I want to see Transformers 2 SO BADLY now. We're meant to be going tomorrow but I don't think we will 
hoping my championship gear will get here tomorrow  gnite twitterville!
Where did all my moneez go?  tattoo expo tomorrow.
no soccer tomorrow  slightly depressed
doing nothing tomorrow 
throttled bandwidth til tomorrow 
Finally - last of the clothes away! Now just need to do mine  tomorrow I think!!
Woefully sick right before vacation tomorrow 
needs a ride to work tomorrow.. how sad 
Has lost her cycle partner for tomorrow 
Fathers day tomorrow 
been very bored today  he better come out tomorrow ! :L xx
has about 238758734579834 million report cards to do for swimming tomorrow 
@ADrunkReaper I just hope tomorrow race isnt like that 
@xfactorsill shopping with u today baby was fun. I wish u were off tomorrow though 
laying in bed wishing i didn't have to go to work tomorrow 
I need sleep! I need wake up early tomorrow! I need study!!!!!!!!! 
6:30A wakeup for my run tomorrow 
@rmcentyre my flight doesn't get in until 7:50 tomorrow, so no 
i have no motivation and do not want to go to work tomorrow 
@PinkPeonies nooooo  he'll be back tomorrow, probably late because flights were funky today.
I think i need to go to sleep and clear my head of you... oh wait that won't help if I'm seeing you tomorrow 
@baggers If I'm not okay tomorrow, I will 
is not in a good condition. I blame tomorrow. 
@scottrick haha we were gonna get some for our picnic tomorrow but it doesn't open til 9  http://myloc.me/4Oqa
I'm not ready for my exam tomorrow hope I will be ready this night for tomorrow 
i miss you @nicolekman  come over tomorrrow
classes again tomorrow!!!  it's too soon!
Actually it was just really weird. I am not in the mood for this English presentation tomorrow at all 
classes again tomorrow...... 
Kasabian tomorrow....I can't be excited until I get the physics exam over with! 
tomorrow's outcome isnt looking good kids 
I'm going 2 bed! need 2 wake up at 4 am tomorrow! 
I am so entirely glad that I have scheduled visit with chiropractor tomorrow.. Can hardly move today 
If I don't get this done I'm screwed for tomorrow .... 
@ukiguy  It's not dedication, it's desperation.  What are we going to hand out tomorrow?  
he's making me wish i wasn't leaving tomorrow. 
@CeexBee left my t-shirt at theas  What are you wearing to pippas thing tomorrow?
Seriously dont want to have physics tomorrow 
I need help getting ready for tomorrow 
absolutely shattered and i have a golf match tomorrow 
science provincial tomorrow  i should start studying .. maybe later
Wish i was going to see tbs and anberlin tomorrow 
@WaggaVeronica leaving tomorrow so sad 
Soccer practice tonight...7:55....working at 5am tomorrow 
wish me good luck for tomorrow! i hate tomorrow so bad 
Ugh I'm one step away from 30 tomorrow 
@tarer i feel bad for calling in then  I will def be back tomorrow!
going to saku tomorrow n_n actually today already. iea. and again this fckn sky is so beautiful, and i cant get some pictures of it 
not happy.... no practice tomorrow! 
wish i could party too tomorrow 
I really don't want to do this accounting. I'm so exhausted  too bad it's due tomorrow.
was really looking forward to being on the water tomorrow....  
going to bed. spanish regent at 9 tomorrow 
i feel depressed...confused...anything but happy today and tomorrow 
is preparing for her solicitors appointment tomorrow 
doctors apointment tomorrow , Really looking forward to it 
I have a feeling my shoulder is not gonna be happy tomorrow 
Finally on my way to see @mirahtrunks i have missed him! And he leaves for warped tomorrow 
two finals and a paper due tomorrow = no dollar drinks tonight   depressing.
More conf calls, and 6 more tomorrow too!  Sheesh!  
@urbanfool tooth much better but have to go tomorrow again 
wants to go to lauren's book signing tomorrow in memphis. 
@roadrunners62 and i am going to miss the beginning of the game tomorrow b/c of it 
my vacation is over  back to work tomorrow...
finished studying! pray for me to do well on my test tomorrow! i really need it 
@djmarkknight mark! i wont be seeing you tomorrow at spybar 
@MikeJew I can't go tomorrow  I have to work on my eagle speech =T
They say classes will resume tomorrow.  I am still too lazy to wake up early.
boo.. I got jury duty tomorrow 
throat feels shit and I'm performing tomorrow, greaat 
i think we have classes tomorrow.. 
I should be asleep; I want to get up at/around noon tomorrow(today). I often feel about about the little things that shouldn't bother me. 
There`s like, 0.0000001% that classes will be suspended tomorrow 
mommy's leaving tomorrow. 
dreading therapy tomorrow 
had no idea on what to wear tomorrow ! 
learning for economy test tomorrow  cheer me up #trackle
@drspectrum Meds are supposed to start helping today or tomorrow. 
So I accomplished nothing today!  At least I have tomorrow off so maybe I'll get things done then.
@hnrxmcrlover I'm getting it cut to my shoulders tomorrow 
@LittleLumen walking over to put the deposit down tomorrow 
Night, Tweeties...see y'all tomorrow!  
Night all, back for more tomorrow 
Sleeeep time! I'll check back in tomorrow!  raining tomorrow? wtheck?
I'm excited for rescue me to start tomorrow. Or is it today. 
works 1:30 to 6 today, off tomorrow.  
is going to see seventeen again tomorrow....or today if you wanna get technical 
@gbrannick LOL How is it going?  I will ask tomorrow....I am foresee a possible breakfast date in our future.  
@dividedsequence  hey so the lesson tomorrow is at 9:30 you should come its only me in it 
has liked being home for today but is looking forward to going back to work tomorrow 
is sooo pumped for the game tomorrow. 
@jaboc see you tomorrow take care 
@LOLSheilaKberg - thank you!! But I still think the wiser course of action tonight is fleeing to twitter more tomorrow! 
six flags and break contest tomorrow 
looks like we'll have marginal to good thermals today. getting ready to fly 
I have been slacking on my Tweets today, I plan to get with it tomorrow. 
Going to the royal childrens hospital tomorrow 
Finshing off my preparation for tomorrow...nearly there! 
rugby tomorrow so excited!!!!! 
ironing shirts is boooring - but I'm exited about tomorrow - signing the contract and starting in the new J O B. 
Leaving for my train now.. there'll be a message for you guys tomorrow 
Correction! I'm going to get my car fixed tomorrow 
Decision: TwittDeck: I give up and come back to twhirl but until tomorrow 
leaving soon for my induction at cineworld, and then I have to go back tomorrow to complete it 
so i see it's 4:20 eh? I'm expecting to not see some people tomorrow 
@kathryntan i plan to cook tomorrow...  chicken breast or shrimp?
@leezachariah i'm expecting a torrent from you by tomorrow 
needs to buy a microphone first  and that's tomorrow i hope!
@technicalfault hope they do  I wouldn't be suprised if you get it tomorrow/weds.
yay singing tomorrow !  i am singing the climb, most amazing beautiful song ever !
Still working hard, only one bear to go now for the show, hope to finish her tomorrow 
two interviews tomorrow...nervous any advice 
taking my low rider bike to the workshop tomorrow 
astraa yesterdayy   partyy tomorrrow  what starts with y??
is getting ready for state tomorrow 
@suzannekim you should come visit me @ knotts tomorrow! 
Cousins wedding tomorrow  too bad the weather SUCKSSSSSS lol
gets to play at a gig tomorrow 
Getting ready for the big move tomorrow! 
tomorrow I'll be leaving for up north, a well deserved vacation 
@Tabz I appreciate your discretion, I'll be watching it tomorrow. 
@jackalltimelow see u tomorrow @ bamboozle  silly
annoyed. drinking a beer then going to bed. excited about tomorrow 
Going to bed now leaving for the cruise tomorrow 
is bein taken in to have my waters broke tomorrow  
modifying trinitytechnosoft.com ... deadline tomorrow 12 midnight 
@riazen i'll post the channel tomorrow 
going to do a giveaway tomorrow I think 
'night.  i'll reply to messages when i wake up tomorrow~
going to bed. no plans tomorrow. 
@feefeenah g'nite...chat tomorrow 
done sneexing around on WoW.....until tomorrow 
tired... going to bed... working 2-7 tomorrow 
@ShowCompassion look forward to your tweets  I love working and thinking for a better tomorrow
is excited about getting a haircut tomorrow 
preparing for business etiquette workshop for tomorrow  !
shops open at 10am tomorrow...I mean today...better get up early then 
all american rejects tomorrow with mary!! woooohoooo 
bed timeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  see you tomorrow 
@kittieskrafts Walking. It's tomorrow in 50 mins 
@vescerebracis Not today, but perhaps tomorrow if I don't have plans 
starts work tomorrow 
@JennaMadison lol   What are your plans for today (or should I say tomorrow) then ?
@SarahWV  worse case scenario i'll take tomorrow am off. are you still up or you just woke up?
? today  and tomorrow at  taipei, anyone  free for drink?  http://plurk.com/p/rpgyy
has two finals left today, then starts her big girl job tomorrow 
concert tonight  chackin out and not coming tomorrow!
is watching two + a half men, work experience again tomorrow 
tomorrow it's the final competition 
just about to go home. I'm usually 'mr. positive' but this has been one of those daze. well, 15 mins until tomorrow! 
today was boring, but i did a lot of homework. tomorrow should be amazing, i can't wait. 
@madnessofmany called about it, no answer shall try again tomorrow 
@DannyGeezy1819: i got your dilly beans ready and ill be there tomorrow 
is execting his parents tomorrow 
applying tomorrow for my passport. 
husband agrees, I was not meant to be blond... will be red by tomorrow 
is going to play on the river tomorrow 
Lace always does it for me, bout to rock it tomorrow oreeeee harlemmmmmmmmmm here I cummmm 
going to the mall tomorrow 
Watching the stars from my bed!!!!  excited for tomorrow!! 
waiting for tomorrow...and online shopping 
@so0fly sounds good! have fun tomorrow 
today, tomorrow, then the weekend! o that makes me so very happy 
struggling to contain the joy of being off tomorrow 
durrrrtttyyy south tomorrow!  but i shall pay my tuition fee tomorrow. hopefully my last 18-unit term in college!!!
the fam comes today &amp; i graduate from the university of arizonaaaa tomorrow! it doesnt get better than this 
i bought 1 topman tee today and i planned to buy another 2 tees tomorrow! 
taking over @randybezet's office today... hope I still have a job tomorrow 
@Bellisma of course. i'm off at 6:30 tomorrow 
yaap new tattoo tomorrow 
can't wait to hear new divide tomorrow 
Just got a shift for tomorrow  get in!
@caroujaborandy ill give your cookies tomorrow! 
has only two blocks tomorrow yay. 
filming a little report for TV tomorrow. Hopefully I'll come out big w/ that *laughs*  
listening to taylor swift, wishing her concert was tomorrow 
I am extremely excited about what *could* happen tomorrow. I'm going to need a little help. 
starts his new job tomorrow!! 
On vacation starting today tomorrow... 
packing is such sweet sorrow. . . but i'll be home tomorrow! 
starts her first job tomorrow! 
sport tomorrow :S at least its not a double  
@marnellijoy oooooo see you tomorrow!! 
listening to music once again...waiting for tomorrow 
YAY, guitar lesson tomorrow. i can show nathan all my new SKILLSSSSSS  totes. social meeting tomorrow too  then coaching 
@johnbarton and then comes incontinence #3... at the rate you're aging maybe tomorrow 
Meeting with a recruiter tomorrow about two new contracts...can't wait!!!! Wish me luck gang! 
chige chige. bye for now. update again tomorrow. 
Exams went good today!  Now I've got to revise for English Lit tomorrow.
@heyyykris hahaha.  well, i think i am off to bed. i'll text you tomorrow or somethin so we can discuss all the details. goodnight!!
excited for banquet tomorrow! 
is glad soccer in cancelled tomorrow 
Is lake bound tomorrow 
Going out to buy a costume for the carneval tomorrow. 
@tommoger . It is sooo tidy now. I cannot wait until tomorrow! I am planning everything tonight 
@bighomeless Supposed to be on an all dayer tomorrow but we'll see how the back holds out. 
paintball tomorrow, should be fun 
is seeing anti-flag tomorrow!! 
@zeedlle tomorrow I'll ask if you swept your series 
@BADDESTnLA no lol. i kept laughing &amp; playen so i guess they didnt get the reaction they wanted. Ah well. maybe more tomorrow. it was fun 
@chrisfurniss siff.  tomorrow's the other showing.
modelling results tomorrow, going to burnie i can't wait 
@jyndalee: shanks love. i'll hang them up tomorrow 
Hoping this swelling will go down tonight so i can be smiley for tomorrow! 
@KalebNation YaY!!! I cant wait to see you tomorrow 
will be out for 3 days  yfc camp laterrr, and tomorrow and tomorrow's tomorrow (LOL) (woot) http://plurk.com/p/wwx3r
FINISHED IT!  Now I just have to start and finish that book for tomorrow.  
excited about my two special visitors tomorrow  
bed....its the weekend starting at 11:30 tomorrow and there is going to be a giants win to celebrate 
Finally finished preparing for tomorrow's barbeque! 
is too excited for tomorrow to sleep, even though i should try after today's craziness. haha. 
my brother is coming tomorrow yayyy 
@Pottermiss awww thank you ... hopefully better tomorrow 
