Most common words for this cluster:
[('tomorrow', 782), ('lol', 13), ('x', 7), ('amp', 7), ('haha', 6), ('wow', 6), ('yay', 6), ('u', 6), ('p', 5), ('s', 5), ('c', 4), ('http', 4)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'tomorrow', 1.0000003576278687), (u'tonight', 0.700188159942627), (u'tommorow', 0.6974318027496338), (u'tommorrow', 0.6838282942771912), (u'tomorow', 0.6690214276313782), (u'tomorrrow', 0.6580745577812195), (u'today', 0.6509931683540344), (u'Tomorrow', 0.6211367845535278), (u'Saturday', 0.586554229259491), (u'Friday', 0.5605531930923462)]





Debating if I should just shower now, so I can sleep a little later tomorrow 
leaving tomorrow! 
Totally sucks that i have to go back to work so early tomorrow. 
@andrewgoldstein i wanted to go to that but we thought it was tomorrow! 
@adri1783's going tomorrow. 
@harleyride It's raining here...     Supposed to be nice tomorrow though...
I don't want tomorrow 
doesnt want to work tomorrow! 
Is not looking forward to tomorrow very scared 
Not looking forward to tomorrow, more coding &amp; writing 
is hungry and doesn't want to go back to college tomorrow 
Off to bed then work tomorrow 
off to bed, early, skewl tomorrow 
ahhh! back to scholl tomorrow! 
@friidaah: it rains tomorrow 
Thinking about going back to work tomorrow  
back to uni tomorrow  cbaaaa!
back to college tomorrow 
is chiling in bed, and not looking forward to work tomorrow 
not looking forward to work tomorrow 
Does not want go college tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow  so sad LOL
Off to bed...back to work tomorrow, 
I don't want to go to work tomorrow 
@infamousgodhand I hope I feel better tomorrow 
@shikhapuri I'm not coming in tomorrow. I'm actually really sick 
Feeling miserable about going back to work tomorrow 
looking at my timetable now. till 5.30 tomorrow. boohoo! 
@stephenfry I got that tomorrow! 
doesn't feel ready to go back tomorrow 
I don't want to go to class tomorrow.  don't make me.
Doesn't want to open tomorrow....  either I call late or leave to go home soon
is not looking forward to tomorrow 
does not want to run tomorrow. 
Not looking forward to tomorrow  
should be going to bamboozle tomorrow. but, sadly, is not. 
i wish i was going to bamboozle tomorrow 
so nervous for the gmat tomorrow... 
@misssmith11  I hope tomorrow is better for you.
We were supposed to get married tomorrow...    
i hope it doesn't rain tomorrow?  
Is afraid of tomorrow 
@nagalimanila you're working tomorrow? 
 bed now, i really don't want to work tomorrow.
@Pampin26 i have to be somewhere tomorrow 
@greggarbo are you going to bamboozle tomorrow? i feel like we haven't seen each other in a really really long time 
i hope it doesn't rain tomorrow 
Blahhhhh I don't want to work tomorrow !!! 
i cant sleep but i work early tomorrow.  
is so bored and has to go to sleep! going to be busy tomorrow 
I need to wake up early tomorrow!!! But i shallnt 
is not looking forward to work tomorrow 
learning for tomorrow 
going back to seremban tomorrow 
is exhausted and isn't lookin forward 2 work tomorrow. 
@kfritz I have a final from 6-7:45  I'll probably be studying for that tomorrow. Is after 8 too late?
I'm so not looking forward to seeing him tomorrow  must stay strong Charece, must stay strong.
totally NOT looking forward to work tomorrow. uugghh 
Not looking forward to work tomorrow. 
i didn't want to do this but i have to cram tomorrow 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow 
So this really sucks, but @apleaforandy, @apleaforblake, and @apleaforaaron, I will not see you tomorrow.  superdumbretardedgayfest2009..
Has to go to bed soon and back to work tomorrow.  
I have a final tomorrow and I don't care to study. 
Not wanting to get up early and go to court tomorrow  Hopefully this will be the last of it...
I don't want to go back to work tomorrow 
@shanilowe ahh neither. i wish it was tomorrow 
getting ready for tomorrow 
can't sleep; thinking about tomorrow 
doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow. 
@hulacutie625 ugh you suck! i can't watch it until  430 is tomorrow 
@saffanah same like you nih   what we do tomorrow zka ?
is worried about tomorrow 
I'm upset there's no pingpong tomorrow 
has to get up (slightly) early tomorrow. 
Revising spanish for oral tomorrow 
not feelin`so hot &amp;&amp; not excited about tomorrow 
I hope I'm not cramping too bad tomorrow. 
i so don't want to go back to work tomorrow 
Dreading going back to work tomorrow 
snuggling with puppy, sad to leave her tomorrow 
I have to wake up early tomorrow. 
too much to do tomorrow, tooo too too much. 
hoping tomorrow never comes.. i dont want to wake up early 
I'm seriously failing chem tomorrow. 
@christianhanson You know I'd be there tomorrow if I could! Miss you 
@alexwilliams12 ... I hope tomorrow is better for you. 
@madysonwaslike me too! gahh we have to talk tomorrow. 
not coming tomorrow, and no. sorrrrrrry. 
OH NO! it's tomorrow.. 
I am so tired and I don't think I'm going to be able to take off tomorrow. 
don't think i'll be able to work tomorrow 
not happy for tomorrow. 
I graduate tomorrow 
So tired! I don't want to work tomorrow 
Wish I was going to be able to go to church tomorrow 
I should stay up as I have that long drive tomorrow, but I am just to tire to stay up. 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow 
I am going to be dead tired tomorrow. 
tomorrow is it 
E and W are leaving tomorrow... 
Not looking forward to work tomorrow!!! 
have to learn for tomorrow 
is not looking forward to uni tomorrow 
dreading tomorrow  :| :/
nervous about tomorrow.  
Not looking forward to work tomorrow 
got my first final tomorrow 
I do not want to go back to work tomorrow 
why am i up? i have to go to work tomorrow 
Hopefully I'll get to see my horsseyy tomorrow. He'll run away like usual though 
I can't sleep and I don't want to go to houston tomorrow 
i dont want to get up early and go to work tomorrow 
So... It is now 3:34, i'm going to be completely dead tomorrow!! Fml 
if i don't get a reply tonight i am going to be sooo jumpy tomorrow 
going to bed now. back to chattanooga tomorrow... ugh 
back to uni tomorrow... 
Wishing I hadn't agreed to work tomorrow! 
@bazmeister  I'm just going to have to get some tomorrow, definitely.
Totally freaking out bout tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!! 
getting up early tomorrow 
damn, tomorrow i must write a bioligy classtets, must learn again... but i want to sleep now, im so tired  xD^^
have exam tomorrow 
@jillspeaking lol no it's tomorrow! I'm working! 
has to work tomorrow.  http://plurk.com/p/vgzm1
TGIF yess even though i work tomorrow  
@DumbyLove Wow...I can't til tomorrow...and I'm dying because of it... 
@elizabethw723  I hope tomorrow is better!
Going to bed back to work tomorrow 
@rainbowglow unfortunately no, they haven't   guess i'll have to wait and see if they come tomorrow.
not going out anymore tomorrow  mehhhh
Why do i have to work tomorrow!? 
@kimmucakezz I would love one but I work @ 11 tomorrow  I don't open
getting up early to go to the funeral tomorrow  nighttttt.
isn't happy about working tomorrow. 
I cant to sleep and tomorrow i must wake up too early 
leaving tomorrow 
I have that 'Friday' feeling, though - I am working tomorrow 
@demetridadon well what about tomorrow? I miss you 
@Hellolizzay I work tomorrow   
@bethontop Didn't even reply to me about how old you are tomorrow? 
I  do not want to work tomorrow! 
I have to work tomorrow too sheli 
i miss you bby      wish you were going tomorrow to make me do good.
i so can't be bothered working tomorrow! 
too sick for rigging tomorrow.  
didn't make it out to shop.......      there is always tomorrow.
@icysun23 But it will have to wait until tomorrow, I'm going soon 
I can't believe I'm graduating tomorrow. 
can't wait to partyyy.............tomorrow 
Heading back to mpls tomorrow 
@jimenez_j aww! that means we can't play tomorrow!!! 
i have to open tomorrow... me no happy  
i don't want tomorrow to happen!!! 
is going to be working tomorrow too. 
Feeling better but has to work again tomorrow 
have to get up early tomorrow and i'm not happy about it 
is not ready for tomorrow 
I have to wake up all fucking early tomorrow 
off to bed, working tomorrow 
does not want to work tomorrow 
I should go to sleep  tomorrow I have to work...
@mattjorg i wish you were back already  I'm calling you tomorrow can't WAIT to see you!
about to go to sleep, i have to wake up early tomorrow 
why am I still awake?!?!  im going to be so cranky tomorrow!!
leaving hong kong tomorrow, and i'm kind of sad already 
Not sleepy but i still have to get up early tomorrow 
I have so much washing to do tomorrow 
got to get ready for tomorrow .. 
@SatanzMantra is it ?? m going tomorrow 
@sofiest01 omngosh! :s I'm soooo not ready for tomorrow  Vivaldis..
I don't know what to wear tomorrow! 
@IlanBr thought I had til tomorrow - aw no 
tired and grounded until tomorrow. 
Really don't want to go to work tomorrow  it's too nice
I wish I didn't have to get up so early tomorrow! 
I want to go running right now sooooo bad but I have to save it for tomorrow. 
@kllybntly5 what? No. I come back tomorrow. 
I don't want to go back to work tomorrow 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow 
I DO not want to work tomorrow 
@ballski How are we supposed to meet up tomorrow if I'm still effed up? 
So tomorrow is whatever? 
i realllllyyy want to go to vancouver tomorrow... 
so tired... swimming tomorrow 
i feel horrible  I hope it gets better tomorrow.
@Nolotto (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( but I cant tomorrow! 
Not looking foward to work tomorrow 
back to brisbane tomorrow 
tomorrow i'm back to college! how pissing off! 
@owllies can't go tomorrow 
I am supposed to be studying for Chinese tomorrow but I'm so sian! 
Rmps exam tomorrow 
@TaiwanBrown I leave tomorrow 
I'm going to bed. I don't want to leave tomorrow 
has to wake up at 5:30 from tomorrow ! 
Not looking forward to work tomorrow 
@jrmullen That sucks, I have early shift too tomorrow 
dreading tomorrow  *is depressed*
doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow 
damn ... exam tomorrow 
i don't want to go back to work tomorrow 
really doesnt want to go back to work tomorrow! 
@djrafiki, too late, it's tomorrow 
SO don't want to go back to work tomorrow 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow, especially knowing its going to be round 3 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow, especially when he knows it's going to be round 3 
chem exam tomorrow 
has to get up very early tomorrow 
Just found out I have to work tomorrow too!!!!!! 
I really don't want josh to go away tomorrow 
I should've stayed in bed until tomorrow. I feel so so bad 
soooo don't want to go to class tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow 
Dunzooooo finally,until tomorrow 
about to go to bed, i don't know how i'm going to get up tomorrow 
so not looking forward to tomorrow 
has to get up early tomorrow 
@BellaKavner98 i dont get to see until tomorrow  have fun watching though!
Not looking forward to going to back to work tomorrow... 
I have to go back to work tomorrow... 
got haircut and wanting it 2 b tomorrow 
doesnt want to go to work tomorrow 
is dreading going back to work tomorrow 
Not wanting to go to class tomorrow. 
I am exhausted.  I want to go to sleep and wake up tomorrow.
Heading to bed... back to work tomorrow. 
Ugh, i have to work tomorrow 
worky tomorrow. still recovering 
has to work tomorrow yay.... 
going to sleep, tomorrow hard work 
doesn't want tomorrow to come yet 
@RaraACTIVE okayy  tomorrow right?
i wish tomorrow was wenseday 
@louievtts  I promise I'll tutor u tomorrow I'm bout to go to sleep now
I failed..  i'll hav to try out tomorrow
I should probably go to bed now so I can wake up early tomorrow. 
eeekkk i dont want to work tomorrow 
chat chat chat. uhh.. tomorrow's another daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay! 
@wobbly01 ugh. I'll have that tomorrow 
@dbsrls I think it's supposed to get colder tomorrow 
tomorrow is not going to be better either 
ahhhhhhhhhh tattoo moved to tomorrow. i don't want to wait 
And it doesn't even start till tomorrow 
is not wanting to go to work tomorrow!! 
I am soooooooooooooooooooooo scared for tomorrow 
@outofmyarse Maybe tomorrow, have to go now 
back to work tomorrow 
doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow 
@imanwilliams ok I don't get off till 9 tomorrow 
fred is severely ill. tomorrow will be depressing i think 
is screwwwweddd for tomorrow  uughh
I'm graduating tomorrow 
I should be okay... well at least until tomorrow comes 
hoping i feel better tomorrow 
Its impressive how bad I failed, but how I am totally going to be able to walk tomorrow 
@DivaJulia when i get paid... maybe tomorrow 
didn't get paid  going back tomorrow...
@armanitim I had hoped to see you there tomorrow 
@ArmaniTim I had hoped to see you there tomorrow 
@ascott123 hey anna!! i dont want to play kickball tomorrow!  lol
sad that brother is going back tomorrow. 
I am swimming tomorrow.  I don't care if it freaking snows, I've been wanting to swim, but it has rained and wouldn't let me 
they're leaving tomorrow 
i won't be on tomorrow until probably 8  so bye until then.......
I still feel really sick, hopefully it goes away by tomorrow 
p.s. I drank another one of @scoobydeu gatorades. ill hit you back tomorrow. 
back to work tomorrow..ugh! 
@chaneletmoet hahahh yay! i'm so glad you're doing it again! i felt like the odd one out  i go in tomorrow, so we'll see.. haha. i just
I don't want to work tomorrow 
@wayway8 tomorrow  .....I dont want to leave @madsoli3
@pjsykes yay! I'm taking it down tomorrow... 
@danielaafer i cant live witout u  what will i do tomorrow? 
@tommcfly supposed to be raining tomorrow 
@JessicaRosales no  I have to open tomorrow
Going to be so sore tomorrow 
Getting tired  not looking forward to tomorrow either
has to get up early tomorrow to go this funeral 
I so don't want to leave tomorrow 
Leaving tomorrow. 
well... i think we are both dieing. i hope tomorrow is better... for both of us.  
@countryamber It's almost over   But I'll catch it again tomorrow!
@brittanydubs no  we should go tomorrow?
@DaciaAM it makes me really sad that we don't have choir tomorrow.... or ever again, actually. 
I work @ six tomorrow 
@JaySkillz right! I can't sleep.... And soooo much to do tomorrow 
Has to revise for a2s tomorrow, but is suffering with hayfever 
Computing higher tomorrow  I don't expect it to be difficult, but it won't go well if I don't start revising.
@Stephanieee55 I'll tell you tomorrow 
i dont know what im going to do piod 3 and 4 tomorrow 
I wish tomorrow would be better 
Leaving tomorrow 
@Malcmail don't say that... I'm going camping tomorrow 
@pmk215 aww we'll miss you tomorrow 
@dudejeanette I didnt mean to!  You're going to make me so sad tomorrow, YOU BEEZY!
@laurenkaminski me niether  are you goin to myras bbq tomorrow?
TGIF Even though I still have to work tomorrow 
@beautybuzzed It's supposed to rain tomorrow too. 
has to go to work tomorrow 
@mekahldownish only to be back tomorrow 
I dont want to go to work tomorrow. 
working tomorrow 
Not looking forwardto tomorrow  eeeeeeeeeeeeeep
I am actually not prepared for tomorrow at all 
Is off to nottingham tomorrow 
@alancostello I suppose tomorrow Is probably the best 
Really really nervous for the SATs tomorrow. Not even exaggerating 
sat tomorrow 
have so much to do tomorrow. 
Not feeling good at all.. hospital tomorrow 
is really sad that she wont get to chill with @cheergurl9732 tomorrow 
is not looking forward to the funeral tomorrow 
i have to work 9-4 tomorrow 
sat tomorrow.. 
Why am I working tomorrow?!? 
@LindzeyNichole I WISH I COULD!!!  but im going to disneyland tomorrow.
can we hang tomorrow then 
@SoulGlowActivtr  totally blows that i cant see u tomorrow 
@blasha couldn't find him  will talk to him tomorrow
i have workshop tomorrow  don't want to wake up early
@MelChavez i have so much kwento! i miss you na now palang!!!  i'll call you tomorrow!!
bored. want it to be tomorrow. 
Is there no #MargaritaMass tomorrow? 
i'm so bored! tomorrow had better not fall through  i need to get out and have a laugh!
doesn't want to work tomorrow 
why can't i sleep?  I have to wake up early tomorrow!
@JLSOfficial is it the summerball tomorrow then!?! 
@VioletJazz tomorrow's no good for me to 'practice' 
i dont want to go to work tomorrow 
@alannaaaa you are a lucky guurrl i am revising tomorrow 
@sammywhammmy i miss you  i want to hangout tomorrow! you busy?
@eurbanista I didn't even get to see it!  Hopefully tomorrow!
@HotspurTweets I was supposed to see you guys tomorrow but I can't now.  but have fun!
I don't want @ResaReese to leave tomorrow. 
I'm just praying its sunny tomorrow, i NEED to swim.............   
@rucybrock I will miss you tomorrow 
I don't want to work tomorrow. F!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have to leave tomorrow 
I don't think I can talk to @selenagomez tomorrow. 
I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow 
i dont want ireney and ate aiz to go back tomorrow 
tomorrow is back to work 
@pussssinboots Now I feel bad  I'm sorry to leave you...but I'll talk to you tomorrow (actually tonight)....
don't want to go to work tomorrow 
@JennaIsWriting I have to work tomorrow.. 
@Babsssss i can wait until tomorrow  LOL x x
tomorrow is not going to be fun 
Studying.... But not so sure will succed tomorrow 
tommys wake tomorrow 
@danipoynterjudd p.e tomorrow .....i want it to rain  x
is tired and not looking forward to work tomorrow 
not ready for tomorrow morning 
is back to work tomorrow 
Early morning tomorrow 
@HayleyBee1 i have gw for tomorrow and it is really hard. 
Is not wanting to go back to work tomorrow. 
@PatsyTravers ohmygosh are you serious? wow. that is pretty expensive actually. I lost my mileyworld so I cant get them tomorrow 
going to bed..have to work tomorrow 
@ophiomancer I am busy tomorrow 
is going to bed now... early start tomorrow 
Yay back to work tomorrow. 
Does not want to go to work tomorrow 
dreading tomorrow 
@Savvygrl7 good thankyouu, back to college tomorrow though 
Bleurg! I do not want to go to work tomorrow so much it hurts..... 
I don't want to go to class tomorrow!!! 
she is being out down tomorrow.. 
I'm going to sleep...tomorrow, I work ! 
hopefully i wont be coughing tomorrow 
is not ready to go back to work tomorrow  depressed about it, wahhhh
@SackPackies Yes  @ohflawless I know   I think I'll just wait for tomorrow and see what happen
back to schooooool tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow 
Doesnt want to have to revise tomorrow.....had enough 
Not ready to go back to work tomorrow 
So don't want to go to work tomorrow 
@TankKCLF im ready to be back! fly back earllly tomorrow, then work  did you sign up for pych?
back to work tomorrow 
Doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.... 
@TylerTew i wont see you tomorrow 
is working on a final for tomorrow... 
doesn't want to get up at 5 tomorrow. 
I miss @sirk88 alreadyyyy  don't leave tomorrow. Pleeasseee
not looking forward to going back tomorrow 
Going to bed now, 8am final tomorrow! 
what are you guys wearing tomorrow 
Leaving tomorrow 
Is not looking forward to work tomorrow 
@currytogo I just realized that I wont be able to go with you to the baaaank tomorrow 
@weyruetten you're still up!  we're both going to be tired tomorrow... i'm just going to sleep now. i love you.
@theadz01 I'm going to see a flat tomorrow, I bet it sucks 
schoolwill start tomorrow! it sucks bigtime! 
is working tomorrow 
@naughtymutt I am back tomorrow 
@josespears MELHOROU? we missed you SO much  please be better until tomorrow
 thinking about haveing to go back to college tomorrow
nearly finished c4, and i'm out tomorrow 
@lauraa_louise not anymore   i'll tell you everything tomorrow, i'll pull myself out of bed... ahhh....
tomorrow's my last dayyyy 
dreading tomorrow 
Not amped to work tomorrow 
really, really, really, REALLY, doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow 
@x_charlotteee no  i'll buy you one tomorrow!
studing for chem final  that i have to take tomorrow 
@aliceholder lol I'm sure we will hear all about it tomorrow xD I wish I couldve gone! 
Leaving for D.C tomorrow  haha.
@nicolle77 aww  I hope it feel better tomorrow!
@poopinpineapple I don't.  I will probably remember tomorrow.
so....ghostusters doesn't come out till tomorrow 
@kittykrazy99 i know but now i have to wait until tomorrow 
i hate studying  psyche final tomorrow, TWO MORE...then I'm officially a senior...yessss
early morning tomorrow 
wishing I did not have to go back to work tomorrow 
@deltabelle No, I want to, but I should probably wait until after tomorrow 
looking forward to going back to work tomorrow 
is getting ready for bed! i dont want to work tomorrow 
@eatmycereal i know  oh well i'm gettin one tomorrow
us regents tomorrow 
i have to work tomorrow... but i want to stay up! 
@ShayyyG aww I miss you!  can I call you tomorrow??
Still studying.  I'm all by myself now. I better do good tomorrow.
not going to the theatre tomorrow 
has to get up early tomorrow 
I am bored--I have to wake up early tomorrow 
@ChicGalleria I never found out!  We'll look it up tomorrow...
Why am I still awake when I have to get up early tomorrow? 
Has to make up at five tomorrow 
@nathanaelaqua awweee i know how you feel!!  tomorrow is going to be funnnn(:
@tubabacon Can we all hang out tomorrow? I miss you guys. 
 sad i leave tomorrow.
@eheggart you can't go! I'll have no one to bother tomorrow! 
@jwheelerjackson great to be home, but definitely don't want to go to back to work tomorrow 
@foreverparanoid I'm not getting it until tomorrow 
tomorrow is not going to be fun 
@JennaVitalone I would love to go but I leave tomorrow. If you want to go when I get back let me know... 
I dont want to go back to work tomorrow 
I am so scared for tomorrow. I'm afraid of surgeriesss 
great i work tomorrow too 
@YellowMichie are you leaving me tomorrow ??? 
@EricaMarleene It's not fair. I just want to curl up and die. But I have to go back to work tomorrow!! 
I have to go to work tomorrow. 
I hope it doesn't rain tomorrow or else I will be really sad 
I really don't want to go...its so late.    I will save it for tomorrow...
@rebeccamezzino poo! won't be able to meet you tomorrow &amp; i was looking forward to it 
dreading tomorrow 
@skittlesboy Not out until tomorrow 
does not want to go back to work tomorrow 
@suckafreebriee it's dead now but i am still creeped out   vacuming tomorrow!!
I am not looking forward to tomorrow! 
i have to go to 5 practicez tomorrow.. 
@garpods22 haha no I'm not very sunnie at all  and I doubt tomorrow will be any better
@wowiswhitneyo i didnt leave that late but i have to go back tomorrow 
@RealJackieB it apparently isn't available on Australian istore until tomorrow 
@jenjacques i won't see you tomorrow 
@sheabutterball officially  new one tomorrow i hope.
has to wake up early tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow 
Why am I still up? I'm going to regret this tomorrow. 
@tarannau20 It's delayed until tomorrow  #applertc
I don't want to go to portsea again tomorrow 
sitting on my bed watching kels pack. She leaves tomorrow.  its been fun.
@Soomka I'm not here  Can do tomorrow, though?
I'll cry if I have to work tomorrow 
can't concentrate  .. i want it to be tomorrow already!
tomorrow I have French 
..would really like it to be tomorrow now please 
i dont want it to rain tomorrow 
i hope it doesn't rain tomorrow 
got to get up early tomorrow,  uhhhhhh
 too nervous for tomorrow
I'm sore, achy &amp; exhausted... hopefully, I'll feel better by tomorrow!  
i'm so scared/nervous for tomorrow 
studying for my final tomorrow 
@marissatimelow what happened?  -and tomorrow should be love 
aw. back to work tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow   
is quite upset for not being able to go to youth tomorrow 
Dreading tomorrow 
I'm so sad I have to leave tomorrow. 
I'm so dreading tomorrow.  - - lol
@juliapecly i miss you  glad to see u tomorrow
doesn't want stefie to leave tomorrow. 
back to work tomorrow 
is so not ready for tomorrow  [g]
Definitely not looking forward to getting up early tomorrow and going back to work 
is going to be realllllyyy tired tomorrow 
I do not feel good  I want it to be tomorrow already so I can have fun!
going to sleep. spanish oral final tomorrow 
isn't looking forward to getting up really early tomorrow 
 I have to wake up early tomorrow
is missing @juanoq17 &amp; doesn't want to think about packing tomorrow ! 
Feeling down and can't sleep. I'm going to be so tired tomorrow 
Too tired to sleep  I'm screwed tomorrow  http://myloc.me/4fEV
just found out that i am going away again tomorrow 
sad that @yvesrene is leaving tomorrow 
@One_StepCloser  why did she not reply to me..? umm well rehm can explain to you tomorrow
@BuckeyeLanie I wish     do you leave tomorrow?
@mjryuck I really want to check them out tomorrow, I've been following them since they started, but I'm not sure if I'll get to 
very hope tomorrow will be better than ever for me !!! 
is feeling tired, doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow but will have too 
afraid of tomorrow 
Chilling with emily!!! lol and nthen tomorrow i have to run 3 mile  w.e :p
@AndrewCrawford wait til you see it tomorrow poo, it's so bad. 
wow. i can't believe it....im graduating tomorrow =O  i dont want to leave yet lol 
nvm we're not going tomorrow 
@mayormarkus jealous! i have to work tomorrow 
@DigitalVisuals So you're there now? *sigh* Couldn't wait until tomorrow? 
@wastedlittledjs aww still though, I wish I was off.  you coming in tomorrow?
I leave tomorrow 
has the hardest finalls TOGETHER tomorrow  booo
So bored...  I might leave tomorrow though so I have that to look forward to.
@MRDJDC  sorry...but at least you are off tomorrow!
@kefinparis too true.  but At the very least, it doesn't look like it's going to rain tomorrow ;)
@Friedenmann ;_; don't say that. I just don't know how i'm going to survive tomorrow 
@kissoffools i still haven't fucking found one  i'm going to check again tomorrow
Early start tomorrow 
I don't want to go to work tomorrow 
tomorrow - shopping !!  already missin' you 
I'm so upset, like ugh. At least i can see him tomorrow 
@Sadieozdesoy hopefully i'll feel better by tomorrow  i might have strep
going to bed...one more midterm tomorrow...   
i do not want to go to work tomorrow 
I hope i don't cry tomorrow ! 
Has to work tomorrow....   
I don't want to get up at 8 tomorrow 
@RobbySTEREOS see you tomorrow  apparently it's going to rain 
@jayslayher_ it got delayed.  but I fedex tracked it! it will be here tomorrow!!
dreading tomorrow 
I miss april.  tomorrow better be better.
with tressa. cheerleading tomorrow 
wow! I have so much homework for tomorrow!  
i dont want to go to work tomorrow 
Early morning tomorrow, i just can't seem to escape them. Yet, i should really be in bed, can't sleep though! 
is finally going to sleep then work tomorrow 
Ridiculous!  G'night I will apologize some more tomorrow  
i'm so affraid  how about tomorrow? AARRGH
I really don't want to wake up before 12 tomorrow 
I really don't want to go to work tomorrow 
@jayflo562 what?!  are you going tomorrow to get it?
@ddddaniela glad we got to hangziez b4 i leave, tomorrow will be fun too! i'll mizz u 
@EAChristian  And we have to work again tomorrow  at least we work together
This is not good... I work by myself tomorrow.. I don't know what I'm doing.. This can't end well 
@aprilyvonnex3 have fun tomorrow while i miss you 
@teerahteerah So I guess we should go to sleep now and be prepared for tomorrow 
@annaShantay lmao! sissy  what are you doing tomorrow me and you lets hanggg.
back to work tomorrow 
i knooo !  raining tomorrow 
it's happening tomorrow! i'm scared. 
@Neutronblonde so I won't get to see you tomorrow?  
i've got to get up early tomorrow  and i really need to sleep 
can't sleep. so nervous about tomorrow. 
Training tomorrow. I'm too tired to wake up early. 
@feryariskadewi ah really wish i could go with y'all tomorrow 
We leave tomorrow 
@MelissaK29 noo i'm bummed!!  I wish I was going. I actually thought it was tomorrow!! 
tomorrow... hollidays yay! too bad i will not tweet 
do NOT want to work tomorrow.. 
I don't want to go to work tomorrow. 
Nervous about tomorrow  like holy crap.
totally not looking forward to work tomorrow.... 
not looking forward to waking up early tomorrow 
i so wish i was going to IMATS tomorrow 
I have to work 10:30-6 tomorrow.  RRRRRRGH
working tomorrow  missing him
@lubbymcmuffin, you are graduating tomorrow 
Ugh I don't want to open tomorrow!! And I'm so confused!! 
I dont want to go to work tomorrow 
sooo not ready for tomorrow 
sleeping... I have to work early tomorrow... 
D'Backs lost   There's still tomorrow...
i hope it doesn't rain tomorrow 
wow i am so sick i hope this is gone by tomorrow 
Just kidding, I do have to work tomorrow 
but we still haven't finished so i'm going again tomorrow 
I work tomorrow 
how is it already saturday?!? I don't want to go home tomorrow 
would have liked to have gone to #tastelondon tomorrow, but it's sold out 
I can't sleep. And i need to wake up early tomorrow. 
what can i do?!? i want to be free tomorrow 
Final episdoe of supernatural tomorrow 
@secondhandjohn working tomorrow 
I wish I was going to Take That tomorrow 
take that tomorrow  so excited!  Hopefully it doesn't rain 
just woke up tomorrow i'm leavin flordia 
more packing, i am gone tomorrow 
@TravisReilly just until tomorrow budro 
@citystarr not till tomorrow 
is not looking forward to tomorrow 
does not want to work tomorrow 
is thinking i dont want to work tomorrow 
hanging out with tylyn ....then work tomorrow 
long dayyyy  looking forward to maxin and relaxin tomorrow
doesnt want to get up at 6 tomorrow 
And I'm free!!!!....until tomorrow 
Leaving early tomorrow. 
leaving tomorrow 
@sterghios wedding is tomorrow 
@LBrittRice Lol, I tried but it's too dark!   I'll send you one tomorrow.
.m.i.s.s.e.s. .h.i.m.  can't wait until tomorrow!
Is already thinking about sleeping in tomorrow, which means I won't be able to 
HAHUUUU not ready for tomorrow 
tomorrow will not be as awesome as it should be.... not at all 
sure glad it isn't 97 until tomorrow again 
has to work at 8 tomorrow.  
I wish I could move tomorrow. 
wishing i'll wake up to sunshine tomorrow but it doesn't look too promising!! 
Not looking forward to tomorrow. 
tomorrow, i miss you grandpa 
ugh i'm going back to vickies tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow 
i guess i'll go to bed now...DREADING tomorrow  pghmfanja.
not looking forward to exam tomorrow 
I have to go to work tomorrow 
doesn't feel well, exam tomorrow it doesn't get better than this 
got to go back to work tomorrow 
@spinningteacups I couldnt agree more yuck to work tomorrow. 
going back to work tomorrow.. 
@ajulya it doesn't start til tomorrow. 
@benvhv same , it's too boring, i hope the examinators will spontaneously combust  tomorrow 
i don't want to be tomorrow... 
I think i am ill..... but i have to go to work tomorrow 
@heykatiexcore why do I have to be leaving tomorrow 
not stoked on tomorrow. 
@Weenith  i hope you're better tomorrow!!!
back to work tomorrow..uggggggggggggh 
I really wish that you would call me now, not tomorrow 
back to work tomorrow.  boo hoo 
is dreading tomorrow!!! 
Not really looking forward to tomorrow  Hopefully I will be exited when it comes around
trying to finish this c/w before tomorrow 
Off to bed now - up at 05:30 again tomorrow 
Oh I hope tomorrow goes well... 
Just returned from Funroe...not looking forward to going back to work tomorrow.  
Not looking forward to work tomorrow 
Should go to sleep..  I have to work tomorrow 
Not going to ny tomorrow 
No longer going to seattle tomorrow 
@JillianLueras awww i know!!!  tomorrow though its on babygurlz!!!
 i havee to get up at 6 tomorrow blehh.
is revising for her english final which is tomorrow. 
@xMadMaddiexx ch 33, but even if u had it its due tomorrow. 
can't sleep.....this should make working a double tomorrow really fun 
So I feel like its been so long since I've seen the boyfrand...I miss him  well at least I'll see him tomorrow...I hope
@tobitai was it? that's so sad, I was looking forward to watching it tomorrow evening 
@daysdifference I miss you already  can't wait to find out tomorrow!
It wasn't meant to rain until tomorrow! 
hommme, early morning tomorrow. ahh. 
@Mattkean well gutted that i can't make it to peace&amp;love and see you guys tomorrow 
@ynnabaybeh I will lose 600 tomorrow.  )
suddenly can't wait for tomorrow to be over 
just realised what tomorrow is.. i'm really, really, not looking forward to it 
nervous about flying tomorrow! 
getting ready to go away tomorrow. 
@ninaneverknew i'll be there as well! maybe tomorrow 
just went for i drive around pretty pro hahawell i like to think so. im really tired right now. going shopping tomorrow  yay
Gooodnight x After tomorrow i will be free! 
@juliekoh All the best for tomorrow 
@BOOGIELUVSONGZ I'm hoping they will have it up on the website tomorrow 
bedd. mommadukes comes to visit tomorrow 
' going to bed. shopping tomorrow. nsn / ftsk mondaaay. 
if tomorrow goes well, im headed to miami 
@morgieshae see you tomorrow ! 
@Mareeclo lol i can stay up late now  although i do have to get up early tomorrow but WHATEVS
@lukebourassa you are leaving tomorrow to be closer to me...okay, that's what I want to believe! 
getting ready for tomorrow 
Wow... almost 3am. I guess I am sleeping in tomorrow  
Off to bed. Bunkasai and BookOff tomorrow. 
@maron101 is that what we're having for breakfast tomorrow? 
i arent looking forward to college tomorrow, doing phography now 
tomorrow shall be interesting.... 
@ntothem I know! lol I'll try again tomorrow 
That's it.  I'm having Yofruit tomorrow. 
So we hold each other tightly. And hold on for tomorrow 
17 again ..... again tomorrow haha 
ah. with mattie tomorrow! 
is heading to bed and looking forward what tomorrow brings for the 29 
so excited about tomorrow!! 
wedding tomorrow 
is looking forward to celebrating tomorrow with those she cares about 
is out for tomorrow!!  swimming!  http://plurk.com/p/rdgdf
well, goodnyte! tweet again tomorrow! 
@qloriaisfake I was thinking of going out tomorrow, so that could be cool 
@PushPlayCJ I'm coming 2 C U guys tomorrow 
@AliBee16 I will twitpic it tomorrow for you when its all finished 
@mayhemstudios Let me know if it's good  We are going tomorrow 
@johnconn I won't go back there tomorrow, but I will return 
woohoo off tomorrow!!! didn't even know that.   
@LoveALittleLess  NIKKAAAAY!!!  are you going to badminton tomorrow? \/
I'll be twittering again tomorrow. Or maybe later. There's still hope. But anyway, see y'all! 
@kateri_t If you're available tomorrow I would love to do so 
@JonasBrothersOx im going to see it tomorrow toooo  x
@jenschr skating? I missed skating too :/ But tomorrow going to wakeboard 
going back to college tomorrow  rawr~
@HeyGirlHey15 thnx  It's tomorrow though 
off tomorrow! 
hopefully tomorrow will go as planned  
At least I have lunch for tomorrow now! And it's not soup!! 
need to sleep hopefully i can get everythign accomplished tomorrow 
looking forward to coffee and driving tomorrow. really 
@rowsell will be following you tomorrow!!  sleep well
@introversimonDu sounds good.  and yeah, I turn 21 tomorrow so I'll definitely be partying. 
and were going to pune tomorrow 
@heartstarbolt I could get away with it. dare me? I'll go buy it tomorrow 
@jglass8 its tomorrow. 
Aww okayy we'll tell you about it tomorrow then 
@mikexjeezxx I think I've heard of that song. I'll listen to it tomorrow. 
@DarryleP LOL! I do splurge on chocolate now and then.  And I plan on splurging a little tomorrow! 
ping pong tomorrow 
@ceetee i'll be trying it tomorrow. it's dloading as we speak 
Looking forward to work tomorrow 
@carmenincalgary I did that too! I'm so screwed for tomorrow 
@MissLexiKlaire we love you too girlie lmao  maybe we can all chill tomorrow or somethin'.
sleeeep has arrived,  not looking forward to tomorrow.
@Missyshianne i will check it out tomorrow and let u know 
@kevinster will do  you have any tomorrow?
I'm so ready to relax tomorrow 
finally! twitter is working! it wouldn't let me log in.. D: james will be back tomorrow! yay!! 
@boinkity Maybe tomorrow 
@cassiekitsch I'm going to bed so I'll look at them tomorrow. 
i am so sleepy... bed then more fun tomorrow 
is off to bed, working 11-4 tomorrow! 
@JesRHall I SHOULD have you blogged tomorrow! 
pumped about tomorrow... yayers! 
back from zoees  house atheletics tomorrow 
omgg landd tomorrow.. @daniela_1677 is going on behemoth  wooooooo!
@dettywulandari why don't you have one of that 'kursi bakso' for tomorrow? 
nevershoutnever concert tomorrow! 
@mitzs Sounds like fried fish for breakfest tomorrow 
also..sooo excited to move into 95 tomorrow!!  haha shoutout @amfronk!
is utterly happy.  [but -really- cannot wait for tomorrow morning!]
is in bed, still nauseated but looking forward to tomorrow 
@tawneyrocks i will b better after tomorrow 
@akarra you too! (I'll listen to the song tomorrow, too sleepy now!  )
I am excited for tomorrow  Wooot what else should I do?
@TheSongsIWrote I thought i was due tomorrow, but what do I know? I've been wrong before. 
@theparacast can't wait, I will listen to it tomorrow 
Yay!!! i'm finally turing 19 tomorrow! 
One down, one more tomorrow! 
http://twitpic.com/5cpdn - yeeees  but tomorrow he will leave me =(
woo get to see my gordan and traviiisss tomorrow!! 
@Scotteh1300 YOU get tomorrow off. 
G'night,  I'll try to get on tomorrow! 
@rafalor tomorrow will be better x100000. i can feel it.  
is going to wem tomorrow. 
sooo much to say...but oh so tired.....tomorrow 
can't wait!! visiting @hiimnellyy tomorrow 
@aidanmcc not sure, i'll ask them tomorrow 
@jessicatmo see you tomorrow chicaaaaa 
better go to bed...because tomorrow will b a busy dayyyyy 
can't wait for tomorrow! 
Going downtown tomorrow 
@laurennlee haha very nice  So are you coming tomorrow??
@theHookMan coming by tomorrow. You better be there 
go shopping tomorrow    
I'll have to try tomorrow 
all set and ready for tour  all i need is for it to be tomorrow haha
is sleeping in tomorrow 
so to clarify...it is JAYDE who is turning 5 tomorrow!!! 
@kayybaby i will tell you everything tomorrow! 
@PandaMayhem You're welcome! I will try to get it to you tomorrow. 
I hate it when he leaves until I remember that I will see him again tomorrow 
@davebonds take it easy and see you around tomorrow! 
tomorrow will be fun  they call me dr,loveee
I don't work until 3 tomorrow! I don't mind closing when it means I get to sleep it  goodnightttt
@JauzeeMyLAWB I'll pinky swear you tomorrow. 
lol  i'm alright.  just heading to bed soon.  chat tomorrow?  
ready to sleep in tomorrow 
I need to go to sleep! I get payed tomorrow!  *SQUEE*
TGIF for me! i can wake up late tomorrow! 
looking forward to tomorrow 
looking forward to tomorrow   ....
So excited to see boo meyer tomorrow!! 
@christypolek You should come tomorrow. 
looking forward to do NOTHINGGG tomorrow 
@fpres1079 yes! I'm really tempted to write another one but I won't lol I'll save that for tomorrow 
my babysistaah @oOohlalaLAUREN is graduating tomorrow! she's so grown up  143 babysisss
Going to bed.  tomorrow should be great! Games are so much fun
tomorrow night is hopefully going to be great 
looking forward to tomorrow 
@philipwang i have one!  i can bring it to you tomorrow   just say when/where
Pretty sure tomorrow will be great  
