Most common words for this cluster:
[('tonight', 2067), ('night', 123), ('show', 95), ('tomorrow', 62), ('na', 50), ('home', 48), ('work', 47), ('everyone', 45), ('amp', 44), ('lol', 42), ('time', 41), ('party', 35)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'tonight', 0.9197868704795837), (u'Tonight', 0.7336958646774292), (u'tomorrow', 0.6705803275108337), (u'Antonio_Santino_emailed', 0.6450376510620117), (u'COACH_BABCOCK', 0.6350252628326416), (u'tonights', 0.6253967881202698), (u'night', 0.6243408918380737), (u'Marty_Liquori_Jazztet', 0.6230351328849792), (u'RAFAEL_NADAL_Yeah', 0.6197690963745117), (u'ANDY_RODDICK_Yeah', 0.6194302439689636)]





@Brandizzzle08 yoyoyo. my internet has been rude tonight. it JUST reconnected and I'm about to go to bed. 
@oliyoung But that requires assembly! Assembly is completely overrated tonight. This is harder than I thought 
@heidimontag I love the hills but I missed the show tonight 
No way I'm gonna sleep tonight 
I need some inspiration before i hit the kitchen tonight 
@macbatchelor Ah! won't be at rehearsal tonight  We are awaiting the imminent arrival!
so much for my roast tonight, still frozen solid. 
Missing the football tonight due to work. Not looking forward to later. 
@justincresswell  I can't go to the networking event tonight, I'm interviewing a girl at 6 
To bad yvonne won't be there tonight  she's having a ladies night so that's pretty cool but I still miss her 
@gopalo We missed the show tonight  had too much todo with apartment practicalities today.
Everyone wants froyo tonight too... so I has to wait on this long line 
You didn't come outside to do meet and greet tonight 
i almost slipped into a panic attack tonight. it took a lot to fight it off 
It's really cold backstage tonight.  WTF?!?  
Some one asked me if I was a carnie tonight on the sky train 
got a red light ticket tonight  After much research, I can't fight it due to the speed I was going.
It's possible I'll have a haircut tonight... We'll see. Not feeling awesome. 
tired..way too early 2 b up  waiting 4 tonight !!!
is wondering what to do with her self tonight.. have to go out noone to go out with 
@JohnnieWalk gotta freakin work tomorrow night.  no magic game for me. fml
@petewentz you guys better play tonight  i don't want to stand in the rain for nothing.
@fortunate13 - I hope you guys have fun tonight, we're bummed that we can't be there 
@missdietz i dont know how i got that many followers but i think ive peaked   i wish i didnt have to work tonight, drinks outside=amazing!
fell asleep watching the young ones woke up at 9.20pm , missed Britans got tallent  shit lol ahh well hangs on my own tonight  x
need to rage tonight..wish some of my old tally favs were here 
Tweets are quite boring tonight  and no1s speaking to me online odears!
@makeupgrl LOL...u know it's true!! so how's the preparation for tonight coming along?? I'm still bummed I can't make it!!  LOL
i dont think my mission will be completed tonight for nick to wish me happy bday 
is sick  but thats not going to stop me from having fun tonight!!!!
@lilyroseallen just yesterday i was wondering when you'd come to philly...but i'm in new jersey tonight  dammit
Hells kitchen was shit tonight 
@RoxiiDiva oh no i'm really sorry to hear that  you aren't going to be at northmont's show tonight are you?
good night. tomorrow.. more planning. sidebar:everyone is pregnant. i kinda miss it 
good night. tomorrow.. more party planning. sidebar:everyone is pregnant. i kinda miss it 
@babigyrlwab09 hey ashley not much. #couchsurfing downtown, staying in tonight  but might walk host's dog to main st in a bit. how bout u?
tonight proves the need for a laptop. 
No joy in mud-ville tonight 
Tonight could have been so much better, but sadly, its not 
@hoyl you should ask your cousin. i want to watch tv tonight 
im gonna miss snl tonight  someonetell me who will be on tonight!!!!!!
I wish I ate as well as @mjyazzie , I ate chili from a can tonight  
oh how I wish I could just stay in bed and sleep tonight  off to work in an hour
I got the 'ol bait &amp; switch tonight! I thought I'd be working until 10  &amp; when I got here, I was informed it will be more like midnight. 
@dustygay fooooool I just saw @dachesterfrench tonight and wish yall could make it to the thurs show too 
sad b/c chuck lost  tonight but he looked good tonight and is a great fighter
Tonight was a blast, but knowing that I'll be officially retiring from the 2008-2009 T-O District Board in a few hours is making me sad! 
is sad i wasnt able to go to the hob tonight 
Tonight was fantasticccc... But I'm my ankle still hurts. 
@haco86 i'm glad you aren't dead after your dragon experience. i have a dinner tonight, can't do movies anymore  when are you next free??
My laptop died tonight  now what am i going to do?
I had a good time at the club tonight, and saw a really hot guy...but he was gay   darn...
company has left, now alone  had a great jam session tonight tho  good times
Parents coming up to city to have lunch in west ! Tonight @Larissa Gattringer leaving party  x
Parents coming up to city to have lunch in west ! Tonight @LarissaGattringer leaving party 
Tonight sleep at our new ruko in Bali, listening not to ocean's music but motorcycle  duuh...tomorrow I should move to jimbaran
@melvolner feel better. i would offer to help but i am working on a presentation for tonight  on depression
@solangeknowles I wish I could but I won't be in chicago tonight 
soooooo grouchy tonight. Not wearing my ring ither 
@charlestrippy noooo you can't do without me i'm at work go live later tonight meanie  what a friend! lol
@scottrmcgrew im very sad tonight i cant get @jackgraycnn to tweet to me and im pretty sure hes not even following me 
Looks like rain tonight 
tonight I'm gonna start again. I don't love her anymore 
hope my drunk kitten is alright. you made me a bit worried tonight 
I spent waaaaayyyyy too much $$$ on drinking tonight  sad
@EPMorgan it means a lot! *sniff* got to go to a tutorial and to town to get queue jumps for tonight before i get rid of it though. 
I guess sleeping isnt an option tonight 
needs to do university work - so will have to finish video tonight - meh 
Crying for my dad tonight ... 
hoping tonight wont be the night i have an asthma attack 
@alan678 socalevo is down tonight 
Tonight was a complete fucking waste.. 
Tonight I'm flying back to Athens. Easter holidays are over now ..   
shouldnt've had that nap  wont be able to sleep tonight
I am never on this anymore  buttttt i'm starting to be again. stickam tonight!
@petite_a &quot;catch me if you&quot; is the richt headline for us ;) won't arrive until 8pm tonight from hh  you are heading back to ldn?
Is missing jason mraz's concert tonight 
i wish i was at wolvo tonight! but i'm stuck in portsmouth 
the 'i saw mcfly and all i got was this lame t-shirt' is better than the one i'm wearing tonight 
I'm so hungry! but nothing to eat, guess i'll be starving tonight 
@JGar4 can't get in tonight, but everyone I know is there. I wanted to hang out tonight cause I'm to busy to celebrate my bday tomorrow 
@OneJane no search party necessary-he's working 3rd tonight 
not holding my breat for @jordanknight to reveal tink tonight or anytime soon 
cant find a ride 2 hour haus 2nite... tonight was beat 
Canes got crushed tonight. 
playin ddriver tonight 
regretting not singing the tiz at karaoke tonight 
Tough loss for the A's again tonight. We showed a lot of fight but couldn't hold off the bottom of the 9th inning win.  Here's to tomo ...
just watched three movies tonight while studying. I didn't want to study tonight.  I need a much deserved break.
No trip to canter's tonight 
@CDubYo ya, i'm sad I'm missing out on all the cougar fun tonight  It would have been epic!
Oh apparently there was an eathquake tonight. I never realize we are having one!!! 
@c_hazlett tonight was fun. To bad no dryers or co co's to end it 
@panda_burger I was unprepared for tonight... no corks to pop  ...
Hopefully I will sleep longer than 45min tonight...prob not tho.  
woah up workin all night isnt very fun... almost had a pt die tonight 
My throat hurts so bad...   tonight was an awful night...
gno seems to be a no-no tonight  everyone is working instead
everyone has a life tonight, what with the deb and footy being on, except me 
ahhhhh i have to get ready for tonight. i hate getting ready 
don't think i can make it to shibuya tonight. i still have to clean and prepare the beats for soi. 
The crows are dissapointing tonight! ggrrr...! not happy! 
Just bought meat and salad for a barbecue tonight. Now watching the clouds beginning to gather 
work was terrrrirble last night  we were sooo busyy. unfortunately, i have to work tonight too  so text me? i would love you forever.
partying tonight!!! (alla gt vrm toso polu?) 
@anniemacdj so ragin its over 18's for the nerve tonight 
working twelve to eight. going to miss jonas tonight  &lt;/3
@NiniHotChoc I'm still profusing sweat, even until tonight. When will this heatwave ends??? 
i wish i could go to the passion-gabe concert in seattle tonight..but there's no one to go with 
@Caseyred03 I miss u too...I'm going to see dane cook tonight 
Looking forward 2 D&amp;D tonight, but bummed about the weather. It's looking like I'll be spending tommorrow inside instead of at six flags 
missing mae tonight 
last show tonight! sadness 
@ktaylor88 rumor has it brand new is playing tonight. i wish u were here to see it 
is gonna miss watching the fight with her crazy family tonight.  but going to another show and possibly a party.  woohoo!
stayin in tonight... movie night... solo status 
@johnnymetro was just thinking about it at work tonight. still sorry dude. 
I am so excited to sleep on the good mattress tonight. Also, I think I'm the only filipino who didn't watch the fight 
says i can't sleep im soooo sore from the concert tonight... 
Nights like tonight are still rough. 
@littlelexilee i didnt see you!!!!!!! boooo.... i would of loved to see you at cloud cult tonight! 
@hot2molly i agree. i lost alot of cash there tonight 
tried salvia tonight... worst experience ever. 
ok well I am fading fast......no @jonathanrknight tonight 
@johncmayer i was at a club in vegas tonight but didnt see you 
Working tonight.  Hopefully I'll be outa here by 4am...more likely closer to 6 
@Gollygirl2009 i know how long do we have of footy season left? pretty over it, we didnt go dowm to club tonight to tired 
@sofdlovesbsb are you allowed on yet? now im starting to worry I wont get back on tonight  darn forum messing us about!
Still remain one task on tonight:- make presentation for new customer 
too much tv tonight  and the slice of cake didn't help matters either
@ taylorgenovese you still going to film tonight? I need a ride  http://twurl.nl/ldoxpk
plans to see objectified tonight have 'fallen off' 
@yasminadib omg! i tried calling you but you didn't answer  i'll talk to you tomorrow or i'll call tonight xx
last foster's are coming on tonight.  
@msmystrena well i obviously am not gonna finish this tonight so ill have to get that from you tomrrow 
I don't think I'm gonna make it through tonight with much ease. I miss my friends 
tonights podcast cancelled 
i don't know what to cook tonight!  any suggestions?
@BuffaloLass87 can you feel the love tonight?  it is where we are.  it's enough to...i forgot the rest of the song.  
@KimKardashian I missed the beginning of tonight's episode.  I'll catch when it comes on again.
Not even a full moon tonight and, still, everybody on the road seemed to be a complete lunatic 
crap! i missed celebrity apprentice tonight... 
Tonight was our last meeting with our college kids, ever.  Who knew that living with students the last two years would be such a blessing?
My iliotibial bands are not my friend tonight 
don't send too many spoilers @natalietran - i have uni tonight and can't watch it til i get home at 9ish  
i knew i shouldnt have gotten online tonight 
@lovejuly22 chillin...chillin, no female company tonight 
busyish night tonight  + slow internet makes it worse :'(
@jamanji i rekon taylor swift has seductive eyes and is a real life barbie. i hope you can call tonight? i dnt have mi gorenggg 
cookieholic anonymous tonight  i just cant quit
The office is sooo quiet, I feel sooo lonely, No Beanies To Kurd Tonight, I wonder what my sayang is doing, hurt her feelings again  sigh
@dougiemcfly i am so jealous of my friends, 3 of them have gotten a reply from you or tom...i feel left out   anyways, performing tonight?
stayin in tonight. btw i hateeeee boys. they suck 
 Not a fan of jumping spiders . . I'm paranoid to go to sleep tonight. ;_;
The moon is low and very orange tonight...I think that means it doesn't feel well 
Last show-dance was amazing tonight! I'm gonna miss everyone  &lt;3 my dance buddiessss.
@emmayyy5 gay prom...i guess we will just have to be bored tonight  oh well
@dealady hahaha congrats yaa, i didnt dream about J tonight 
@megalin15 oh i'm sorry  are you doing anything at all tonight??
Opening acts suckk tonight 
Is ready to party tonight......going on three days straight of partying...gotta do it big tonight cause I can't party tomorrow 
damn my plans for tonight got cancelled.. 
Didnt get to see my bestfriend tonight...  
@babydykecate I'm so excited for the finale. I have to wait until tonight, though due to internet restraints 
No halo tonight. 
i need to update this more lol i wish i had been at the grand ole opry tonight for reba 
@MAMAHINA I know!! I think my boss forgot  have fun tonight! I hope I see u guys!
Wishing I had someone to hold onto tonight. 
Ugh sickness fail. Napped from 2 to 6pm. Not going to sleep much tonight 
Is an insomniac tonight! Just cannot fall asleep 
i just had to look like shit tonight.... 
hating herself for waiting last min. to finish this damn project. No sleep tonight! 
@JessMcFlyxxx yeah exactly its just disrespectful  have fun tonight  are you taking a banner? x x
Tonight was fun. Brokeback Dennys boys! soo tired. I can't believe its over 
can't find anyone online tonight...where is everyone? 
Punching out at 5:20  It's pretty much a coinflip whether or not to poker tonight
Missed my derby wife at down and derby tonight 
@mahimapushkarna missing you at @markusshulz gig tonight.  hope to see you soon. 
The moon is huge and looking especially melancholic tonight 
gutted I cant/didn't go to the gig tonight 
on my way to work....starting 3rd shift tonight.....not happy 
going to shoot myself in the face if I don't finish my english homework tonight 
i'm not downtown tonight for only the 3rd time in the last 11 nights. i must be graduating.    
@pauldevro you came back from Canuckland right when I left! i was looking forward to nat and i lipsynching smell yo dick on stage tonight 
@the_real_toivo you NEVER once have looked like a chump buddy, promise!  I was so bummed bball was canceled tonight 
My insomnia is working overtime tonight i can't sleep everybody else is asleep it sucks 
@iphoneincanada &amp; @allthingsconnor sorry for your loss tonight guys 
oh and i had to miss gg &amp; oth tonight.... i was devestated! i will have to catch a rerun or just watch it online this weekend. boo! 
@Madisonislovely Wanted to tonight but last showing is at 10:15 
omg my back is so sore  bowling tonight 
attempting to sleep, i hope i can. Or else I'm going to be dead tommorow   ..sleeping with the sis tonight.
have heart broke up tonight.  my drunkenness is dedicated to them.
No stars in the sky tonight 
@chlo89 i really am... its like my fav place..tonight wasnt so great thou 
have a feeling my homework due tonight isnt getting done tonight  feeling super lazy after getting home.
Neighbours was sad tonight. 
I really don't want to go workout tonight with the french slave driver also known as my trainer 
@puke_ we wanted to give you your present tonight 
@jtothe9 :~O sooooo jealous, I was supposed to be going tonight, but when I tried to swipe something last night, my card was declined. 
@dharmabob I regret I cannot be kidnapped tonight. I am going to be unconscious at the first possible chance this evening. 
Thinks law is the most boring subject ever. I want to go home please  eurghh working tonight as well 
@jjoouurrddaann @thegoldlion can you guys come kidnap me so i can go to Bonelick tonight too? 
@nicksantino have an awesome show tonight!! So sad I can't make it!  being sick sucks.
At jury duty.  but on a good note I don't have to work tonight. 
By the way - tonight is going to suck 
I'm so tired. 2 more hours......  what's crack-a-snappin tonight?
grilled chicken tonight 4 dinner... sadly, no pics   was too hungry &amp; it smelled too good ;)  LOL
no bud tonight  it feels so weird.
so needed the run, mood would have been dramatically different tonight 
@lilibaby awe love i miss you too. Tonight was the last night 
chillin at the crib tonight 
why am i not a happy drunk tonight 
@iamjonathancook i am so sorry  thank you so much for still putting on an amazing show tonight! my prayers are with you.
@JackAllTimeLow you were amazing tonight!  wish our set would have been longer tho 
Tonight was tooooo crazzzyyyy 
Tonight, and today overall just sucked 
@simcitymusic the one night somethin good comes on I can't get the freakin channel...depressing 
@therealsavannah has anyone told you their jealous of you? because i am! i wish i could have met her! i wish i could have gone tonight. 
I've taken my weight in ibuprofen tonight...wah wah 
Souths win! 80th minute , bored tonight!  something to do?
mucho kitteh snoring happening.  but no feets snuggling tonight.    for some reason the floor is more comfortable?
Tonight was super fun but took a very very fast and bad downhill turn  at Zoeys now!
is so desparate o get hold of tickets for tonight now!  x
Going to be up so late revising tonight.... 
tiiiiiired... made an idiot of myself in a treasure hunt tonight... I accidently let everyone know where the balloon was...  silly me!
it is way to early to b up already since i'll barely get any sleep tonight 
i want to go to the show tonight  next weekends plans are sounding awesome!
loves the weather and is looking forward to doing nothing tomorrow.. work tonight.. 
@DonnieWahlberg I noticed that the game starts the same time as you're supposed to be on stage tonight. You must not be too happy w/ that 
@christiffer ive tried to revise but ive not learnt anything, its completely impossible, arrgghhh! i think im going to be up late tonight 
@nathaniaapple I'd love to join you for the movie... but I've got these darn finals to study for tonight.  
@BenKasica I live 20min from where you are playing tonight and I am unable to come to the show  rock out winston-salem for me!
needs someone to hang out with tonight 
wishes she was seeing the blackout tonight 
I dont think i will be going to bed tonight my great great uncle is in the hospital  he might die tonight
Alcohol has turned me into a jerk tonight. 
I already know I'm not going to sleep at all tonight. It's a terrible feeling 
Going to sleep early tonight, I've been super tired lately anded im breaking out 
The only good thing about tonight was an oreo cookout shake...back to studying for my exam tomorrow 
just got out of the shower, i have a feeling more earthquakes are going to happen tonight 
far out, seeing tonight alive just won't be the same without stanger's fluro drums 
wow, twitter is quiet tonight 
@razztwit Bit sad tonight 
feels a little down tonight 
Heading to work til 9 tonight 
need to go and get some passport photos for meeting tonight but its blowing a gale out there 
@CCSeed unfortunately, we have a frost warning for tonight 
yay wicked win at netty tonight! but omg i have sooooo much work to do for uni 
Oh shit... I forgot to go to rpm tonight. Now I'm going to get fat  knew I was fogetting something tonight!! I need to work off the bagels
i am going to the @jimmyfallon show tonight- as an audience member though   maybe he will spot me!!
@cathyn Do you have plans tomorrow night?  Tonight I work till 9 
the weeknd was so, good...the girls' last night tonight 
@nettabrielle congrats girl!! I wish I wasn't at work tonight  but I know you did wonderfully! I'm soooooo proud of you!!
Where are you now? What's going on with you? Tonight will be delayed again, right? 100% 
My internet went down  no more super K tonight
going for a haircut tonight... cos last night someone mistake me for a gal... 
No spooning tonight 
am reeeally tired. wish i was doing something tonight 
I am suffering through insomnia tonight 
Kings of leon were amazing tonight!!! All I want to do is listen to their albums..   gtg to sleep though 
Power seems to be fluctuating a hell of a lot tonight.  The lights keep dimming and the ups keeps beeping at me.  
@marauder_bex I'd imagine so  you coming tonight?
To go Or not to go, she is having her first big performance tonite why did we have to break up now 
bored. haven't anything to do.. everyone's gone  but tonight is going to be great! movie-night with my girlsss =D
I am completing coursework before I have to go to work tonight 
My cast is off...but I can't walk very well...no pub tonight 
@imabum I haven't gone any farther than 99 cause I was catching up on the interwebz.  Tonight though, hahaha. And I'm slow, lol.
is thinking of what to watch since I can't see samantha ronson tonight due to stupid flu 
i'm gona be bored shitless tonight 
@Natalieexox I need it for tonight i dont have any other id 
everything is just trouble  going to a friend tonight 
@MsRagga truly addicted :-D we'll leave around 8pm tonight. guess I wont make it then 
@ferocious_sonja like tonight friday? I am going to my folks and won't be back till later...  rats!
@jackmuldowney Tonight?! I won't be in town until tomorrow 
Off out tonight,so probably no tweets till tomoz  -- ;)
is randomly excited about being stuck in traffic tonight going up to the dessert lol XD and wondering why twitter doesn't send me updates 
@taylorswift13 I wish I could come tonight, but i couldn't get tickets 
Almost got mugged tonight. Not a good feeling. 
Oh, don't you mind the war tonight. 
So... The outing with the girls isn't happening.   sorry guys. But be on the look out for what's poppin tomorrow!
Kicking myself for not buying passion pit tix for tonight 
@drummertpf no luck at the airport. i think i missed him! gonna try and get into the show tonight...it's at a record store, but sold out 
had a blast tonight...and misses her boyfriend sooo much 
@TiTUSofficial awww, that sucks! I am sooooo tired I wish I didn't do anything tonight 
Wow... There goes the power... No movie tonight I guess 
Not gonna lie, tonight I was half watching, just wasn't into it, and I'm starting to feel sick  good game though.
jay leno's last night on the tonight show tomorrow 
@reankell lmao watch me dream about @seblefebvre and @officialspchuck tonight instead of pp 
practicing my senior project speech gives me even more butterflies   i wanna go and watch up tonight!
@yoitslion oops...wish I saw this earlier..   stayin' in tonight...
in ancient so bored because @surfygurlx isnt here with me.  so tired, dont feel like soccer tonight at all, just want to sleep
Tonight is really boring and I don't want you to be sad 
Yesterday I made a rhubarb crumble.  Tonight I'm making a rhubarb upside down cake.  I just need to start baking before 9 pm.  
Tonight was the most hilarity and fun I've had for a long time. Also, thundering is scaring my dog, which scares me. 
He does not like house music tonight 
has work tonight, tomorrow night, and sunday night  argh, dont wana think about itttttt
Tonight was a letdown. I was all excited and then nothing. 
just saw the cutest kid at the servo haha	// ewwwww work tonight  i mother though xD
man im sick and gotta go to a mates 16th tonight  and its cold 
@yelgiuQnayR airport? and you didnt show up tonight homo! 
think i may have broke a toe at the bar tonight......thanks drunk girl for steppin all over me!!!!! 
@nayRyelgiuQ airport? and you didnt show up tonight homo! 
I was a very naughty girl tonight. dissappointed with myself 
farewelling an employee tonight... 
i really don't want to go to the eisteddfod concert tonight, it would be ok if i didnt have to wear the dumb band uniform 
trying to finish moving stuff for tonight don't feel good!!!!! 
@1825remnant, i missed everyone tonight 
Going to be a strange weekend. Probably srtarting off with working til midnight tonight 
My attempts at writing tonight seem to be failing. 
this is horrible. lauren cant go out no more. and arghhh, i really fancied going out tonight. looks like a day and night in. grrreeaaattt 
had fun tonight ^^ make up, pillow fights and skins. wish i could have stayed over 
@DonnieWahlberg I'm not feeling very inspired today...I was suppose to be @ the B'ham concert tonight! 
going drinking tonight... drinking away the blues......  
@captaincarrott  you're mean to me. You're gonna have to have pizza tonight or it will go off.
Bad migrane and need to go to dancing tonight.... Not a good combination 
Wish we had a garden so we could have a bbq tonight...  might set up a lounge bbq type thing, that'll work. #fridayfirehazzard
@tenuousness: aoh is one of the best bands. they played my frosh, i was stoked. i have to work tonight, or else i'd totally be there! 
So its my bday weekend and shit is already headed south...might have to drive to atl tonight 
has just woken up from a power nap. That feels better! Nothing planned for tonight though 
going out tonight, FINALLY. i wanty lie in the park but... cinema bound it looks 
OK, home made pizza tonight, but horrors, I've run out of anchovies 
tonight in party w/ my girls (minus vita) 
i miss my boo  on another note im soready for this game to come on tonight...fox grill anyone???!!
Only things left to do are to sweep and mop, load up the van, and go out and have fun tonight. 
Tonight is my last night in my apartment... 
wish i didnt have to go to work tonight 
@saromadian srry can't go paintballing tonight  and there are no good movies out
have yet to start this paper due tonight. i have no motivation 
Graduating from high school tonight  im kind of sad..
around...takin it easy tonight b/c i'm still sick 
No show tonight  No plans. Ughhhh.
@xraquelx No sleepover tonight  
@DawnChamberlin no, def rubbish tonight 
@andybarr I was going to but I'm stuck with it as I seem to have misplaced my remote  It's extra bad tonight as well :|
I have to work tonight  But I get my paycheck! 
BGT was just amazing tonight, and threee amazing acts got sent home 
@natalienanci and i are desperately seeking @anberlin tickets for tonight, &amp; don't understand why cruel people are selling them for $200+ 
@luckystarlaura was there yet another semi final tonight? 
I feel sick. And I have a solo tonight at my vocal jazz concert.  great
@jaykpurdy awww poor jayk. :[ try to make the drive fun.and eat something soon!have a great show tonight i wish i could go,i live too far 
@JayHostDC went last year. I gotta go to my friend's party tonight though.  I can never win
Everyone is working tonight! I'm bored 
@kvagur  haha soooo party tonight???
@morrgaan oh no  this week is just a bad one for everyone. i love you &amp; your pretty face &amp; youre going to do fantastic in concert tonight
@ArtOfDying any chance you might come back to moncton? i had to miss the show tonight 
Hitting up a bar or two most people being lame tonight 
tonights been boring! 
Is upset that he didn't get his 24 fix tonight 
Trying to reorganize plans for tonight uggg  Hopefully it will still be lots 'o fun!
@kickzfadayz Our boy better get it in tonight!!!! Or it's all over 
Wants to game tonight with her friends 
I'm not going to be able to watch the game tonight  PLEASE keep me updated every 5 minutes!!!
@mymemoirs to think that tonight we could have been at presets concert... 
Looks like I'm not going to the forgive durden concert tonight  everybody bailed and my dad won't let me go alone 
@withasound it's being a complete dick tonight. i should've kept the old one up and now i got nothing 
really regretting not going to the basement downtown tonight. 
hurt herself during last nights performance  and is heaps sad that tonight is going to be the last performance at chhs ever! 
is still up for extreme bowling tonight, but have yet to hear from my peeps regarding midnight bowling 
Wahhhhh.  when is Remy coming back already. Tonight's guy is awful.
I wish I could be watching my baby pitch tonight.  
i tried to goto a new fried chicken spot tonight but i went to the wrong one which sucked and they were around the corner from each othe 
tonight is going to be a epic night!! to bad you have to leave early riss  stupid work!
has his last eurobeat show tonight... It's quite daunting to think i won't be seeing my talented friends next weekend! 
the movie tonight was scary 
Tonight's gonna be a long night! 2 admissions, recap, and a transfer! 
not doing anything tonight 
had to cancel all my fun things for today and tonight because of being sick 
@MsPrettyBoriqua you damn loser,  what you doing tonight
Seriously, I don't want to stay at home tonight. This sucks. 
last night for the Tonight show 
finish watching the tonight show. I cant believe he is leaving.  then off to bed. Tired.
is working tonight  so no talk sorry
It makes me sad that theres no finrod to sleep on my side tonight... 
@kmbar are you gonna be on the #nightshift tonight? i dunno where everyone else is  i cant run it alone!
didn't get to go to the secret place tonight....  bummer!
@chrisguitar89 lol i just bought burnin up &amp; tonight off itunes. everytime i listen to them I die a little on the inside 
In for the night... Tonight's not good... 
watching a movie then bedtime// gym was closed tonight  // but trainer tomorrow 
@asdavis10 you tried to go to bed and didnt even say goodnight to the nightshift! gah!!! looks like tonight is going to be fairly dead 
I hate the internet tonight. It ruined everything 
enjoying my 1st cocktail of many tonight...nooo, it's not ciroc   i know im sad too
I can't believe jay wont host the tonight show anymore 
got 2 see esperanza spalding perform live tonight. her set was too short though 
@purplecodeine you havent had nothing to drink tonight???  feel bad for you if not ctfu
its hawt... but am pissed off a lil... plans for tonight have gone somewhere.. 
sleepy as hell, no cupcaking tonight 
Tonight was the BEST night of the show. Only one night left! So sad  at Denny's now!
I am sad I can't be with my cuddle partner tonight.  
he shouldn't be drinking.  I'll probably be thrown off the bed tonight 'cause it makes his symptoms worse  maybe i should just hope he
Tonight I got burned by the coals from a grill and my phone got feet an walked away. It was a t.g.i.f to remember 
bruce on pinkpop tonight, and i'm at work. it's just horrible ! 
bruce at pinkpop tonight, and i'm at work. it's just horrible ! 
@plssaythababeh because like if i wanted to @ you, i wouldn't even remember... and yeah i just chilled at home tonight too  haha
st.kilda isnt playing on tv tonight!!!!!  
Almost missed the whole #nightshift tonight 
cant sleeep after what happen tonight... scarrred for life 
god damn I wish I coulda been there with her tonight  why do these moments always slip away?
going out tonight and I have nothing to wear.. 
watching bgt tonight instead of going out is probably the safer thing to do 
@marginatasnaily tis! was meant to be going to a dead posh club tonight but don't think i'll manage now  oh well, can't afford it anyway.
@SpringWestEnd I think I might cry after the show this afternoon. I seriously can't believe it's closing tonight 
@rlcpbiatch heyyy. might be getting there at 10.30 now. is that alright? sorryy, just have so much stuff going on tonight. 
tonight seems to be a repeat of last night...this sucks...no-one to talk to 
@itsDice I won feck all, so it's back to the workhouse tonight at 1715-0100 
@ellljayy coool. ive moved outside now coz its a bit warm  is in the bgt finale tonight?!
britains got talent final tonight whoo. Awww hollie made me cry last night  good luck in the final hunny
Tonights floppped 
kinda' bored right now .. my friends is not online tonight 
going to a gig tonight so can't have beer 
waiting for everyone to leave so i can have the house to myself. working tonight 
sorry cpb interns that I didn't connect with ya, by the time I got to Pearl a lot of you went home  Tonight?
@bee__ I wish I could eat them.  I'm  not even drinking tonight..
doesnt understand - how can I not have anything to wear? Its insane. I am officially dreading tonight 
@alovelikepi what happened with the show tonight guys? 
No concert tonight. 
@llewz0r I would do naught things to pete doherty!!! ohmy I said so many enbsrrassigc thinbsz tonight!!! 
had a great time last night....wish i didnt have to work tonight 
@Rimabeama the 31st is the last day they are open.  Tonight is the last overnight they will be open.  they are going out of business 
@binky_2301 no its not on tonight 
@micflan Thinks it's T3 on tonight. Not good 
a bit down tonight 
too hot to do anything. going to be unbearably hot at worl tonight 
@LittleLee meanie  lol you drinking tonight?
really not up for tonight  skin is shit
@ThePaulDaniels awww, they are a cute act though, they didn't do good tonight. 
@boygirlparty boo to that! we are supposed to celebrate mine tonight and i woke up sick 
@krystalina I'm moving next weekend  ...otherwise I'd come! ps - super envious that you're seeing no doubt tonight!!
@TheAvenged barely got anywhere with it yet; if i manage to do some tonight i'll tweet u a pic its a bitch trying to hide the brows 
@LaRainbow i dont think flawless were good at all tonight 
opps! A.M....lol. u can tell im tired  lmao!!! gotta rest for tonight!!!
@danbush me tooooooooooo  but im seeing drag me to hell tonight! Yaaaay sam raimi
trying root touchup even though i normally get just high lights but i have to look nice tonight and i can't afford the salon til friday 
@JollyAndy hey!  It turns out I have to work tonight   I tried to switch but a co worker decided to have her baby shower tonight
@tommcfly aww whats wrong with him, im sick too  good luck tonight have fun! X
I want to sleeep so bad but too much to do  gage's tonight!
@omgiitsjen who else would I be talking about? have fun at work tonight. I'd visit if I wasn't working until 11 
ah last night of Tubridy Tonight 
on my way to work.  ihop tonight with ezelle!
I dont think il be able to sleep tonight! It is tooooooooooo hot! 
is thinking the new kitten will be keeping her awake tonight 
@KatyBasey actually yeah i think they probably would've done, they weren't overly brilliant tonight i don't think. lol no chance of that 
@LaBellaHustler I gotta work tonight 
Staying home tonight..the weather's sucky ugh 
Tonight I got scared by a rock  I'm my defence it looked like a rat!
i think im staying in tonight 
is not going to see billy idol tonight...although jeff will be there 
oh my bandwidth on @plusnet sucketh tonight... irrrk 
Going to the country tonight. I get no reception out there. 
going to see up tonight hopefully! knowing my luck, like the rest of my plans, it will fall through though 
wow its warm tonight..... I cant sleep. 
has to run sound tonight so she will miss carlos's last TWHFaces show 
aw man. i was gonna suggest wallyball tonight 
im gonna stay up canny late tonight cause its the last night i can until next weekend 
Man, this weather makes me sleepy. Don't feel like working tonight. 
looks like i will be in atl tonight!! 
I'm bored and restless and tempted to come tonight..starting to feel better but don't want to push it 
@Allisoncds they were starting to build up but seemed busy, no idea, no caramel macchiato (spelling) tonight 
Whats with all the scary films on tonight  I don't like it
will not be attending ska prom tonight 
tonight anything 
Man!  Was hoping to get some a new tattoo tonight - but they are all booked.  
missing out on an amazing bachelorette party isnt quite wqhat i had planned for tonight... 
pushing daisies is on tonight!! yay!! finally!  so sad its going to be gone soon though.  not fairrrrrrrrr  
No drinkin tonight 
Gushed at my professional idol backstage at #bgt tonight, only to be underwhelmed 
So, everything on my mac is gone. All my music, movies, and everything awesome. Tonight is dedicated to getting all of it back 
Going to blockbuster to rent some scary movies for tonight!!! Then work tomorrow 
@diamondselite With all due respect, I don't care. I care about tonight and what it means to me and my city. 
Not sure why, but my internet is slow tonight.  
Still pretty bummed about not getting a new tattoo tonight.  #fb
I'm saying good bye to a good friend tonight... kinda sad 
Heading into work. I'm actually gonna have to work tonight. 
WTF is going on with twitter tonight. This is getting frustrating 
@LIVESTRONGCEO my yellow band popped tonight 
@JammieAdams ok I was sooo looking fwd to tonight. Catch you next time. 
twitter is very slow tonight. 
Ahhh so tired... I think I'm going to cancel my plans for tonight, I feel bad tho 
sorry guys. no new post tonight  i'm really busy and I gotta get up really early tomorrow.
Babysitting my brother tonight 
http://twitpic.com/6barm - no movie tonight!  but i bought this! yay!
Tonight is going to make me miss my lawrence life 
@alexmbermudez i need a snuggle bunny tonight  i wish you were still with me.
@KelsLovesNkotb  something weird with twitter tonight I guess.  
No snugs from @nogrrlsallowed tonight 
Tonight was fun, mom comes home tomorrow afternoon which means back to a stricter groundation  niiiiiiiight&lt;3
http://twitpic.com/6bcja  I made this portrait tonight instead of going out and having fun.  And now I'm not sure if I even like it much 
pens what happened tonight 
Pushing Daisies is good tonight so far. I wish more people watched it.  Too late now, I guess. -_-
my favorite teacher died tonight.... 
Pushing daisies comes back on tonight. I miss ned 
Recitalss all done!  at applebees possible sleepover tonight
2 kids and 2 guest threw up in my house tonight 
Home.Unappreaciated,misunderstood&amp;annoyed. Tonight was not for me, gonna sleep it off 
@owlcity I'm so upset I couldn't make it to the show.  But we were in the same city at the same time tonight. 
Wow four rounds in and I haven't sank a single one yet .. Really failing tonight 
really sad about the cavs loss tonight. really thought it was their year for a ring 
... tonight was such a huge boost in my self esteem.... 
twitter is quiet tonight... 
@ampedxx whats wrong   everyone's not having a great night tonight.
i didn't get to boogie tonight  well, except for that one mexican song!
Tonight will be so boring! No BGT hotel and chances are, I won't see the contestants again.  Pity, I really liked some of them.
I'm gonna have to pray myself to sleep tonight! I don't do too well with ghost stories...I hope I don't get nightmares! 
Whatever the stupid was that was infecting everybody this morning, I also appeared to have caught tonight 
has no reason to stay up late tonight, looks like hitting bed early 
my clutch broke.  it's all i've got for a purse! i'm going to be really classy now and use a rubber band. pisa tonight, florence tmrw!
http://twitpic.com/6by39 - boyfriend is in my bed.  i'm sleeping on the couch tonight.  ouch for him  I'm worried being with him will  ...
I have to go to a going away party tonight 
no britains got talent tonight 
I'm not wearing pants to sleep tonight. it's hot in my bed 
Would like to go fishing tonight, but it's so boring alone 
can not listen the mtv tonight 
Trying to clean b4 tonight...ughh not working 
@christypayton aw, lucky sods. It'll be $25/person tonight! I'm not even sure we're going anymore though, which makes me sad. 
WTF cable is not working for last 2 hours and dont know if i'll be working tonight 
Going to a viewing tonight.. I only met her once, but she was one of my boyfriends best friends.. funeral tomorrow 
Anyone see the last Tonight show? Whaddya think? (I missed it) 
i have had 5 cans of 7up today, doesnt look like i am going to sleep tonight 
@AprilRainer aaaaaahhhhhhhh is that new tonight? my tv guide says its not 
Why is facebook so slow tonight? 
back to work tonight  *sigh* still lacking right-side facial control *bigger sigh*
goddd my jaw is bad tonight 
everybody's out tonight and all I'm doing is sitting here and kicking my cruches around  
Tonight's not gonna be a goodnight 
@rachrae i would but i work and i don't know where you live  boo. guess i'll watch the second showing late tonight.....
wish I had cable so I could watch the new twilight trailer tonight 
tired and teary. could really do with a hug tbh  early bedtime tonight, gotta prepare for hell tomorrow  night all x
Really missing my handlebar moustache tonight 
a new episode of party boys will not be on tonight 
will be watching a movie tonight.  so sad...
There's no game on tonight...I feel lost and empty inside  What the hell am I gonna watch until thursday???
im so sad its @laurenconrad last episode tonight 
the hills is on at 8 tonight.  laurens last episode. 
done. but seriously bored.  no basketball on tonight. 
I wish I could of saw tfof tonight 
off to work. i'm missing out on fun tonight 
had to put the furnace back on - going down to 41 tonight 
Tonight,  daughter did a number on her ankle tonight during her fast-pitch softball game...hope there is no tear 
@FollowCue hell yeah boring too  whats on the agenda tonight?
had fun in dinky town tonight! thunder lost 
I better be able to sleep tonight. This insomnia is getting old. 
I'm fighting insomnia tonight 
Tonight's events are making my head hurt. 
floorset kicked my butt tonight 
Paying off last years tax bill  &amp; going to see phoenix tonight 
up, bit tired, got to walk the dog but actually not feelin the best!!!!!!!!  was gonna watch somerset but got a game tonight to run!!! :I
nothing to do..no kolo on tonight 
hm thought my gal was coming tonight...but i was wrong 
@gelli18 hahaha. no more lying on the cold floor tonight. 
lacks a dinner buddy tonight 
grrr didnt catch #masterchef tonight... 
ok. i really need to go workout tonight. i officially have rolls on my back. 
SBS is really glitchy tonight. 
O cleveland.. there is no game tonight what am i supposed to look forward to tonight 
not the weather i was looking for for tonight's installment of miss crafty tries to run. 
i am going to fry at work tonight, i hate the tunics in this weather, they hold to much heat!!!  
in space. watching underbelly on a RECLINER motherfucker.  i got done speeding tonight.. 
Sunshine  Tonight a diner with friends, but now cleaning up 
I lost my phone at the weekend so I am not in a good mood  I am playing footy tonight so hopefully that cheers me up!!!! lol
@princesskitten I'm free tongiht...but it looks like it will have to be a playland tonight...rain is on its way  
I'm thinking of making something fancy for dinner tonight....but fancy is never fast  Thinking, thinking, thinking!
changes over to the other night shift wednesday. Tonight is my last night with this platoon 
@jaysins yay one more episode of dexter tonight. Then tomorrow no dexter  but at least ill be able to sleep!
Only 11.5deg in my bedroom this morning...  Tonight is supposed to be colder  .
arg working a production down incident since 12:30... probably not going to make either ride tonight 
fucking sick  and game tonight to top it all offf
wishes she could go to the show tonight.  nbt! f15!
so sad the  h i l l s  isn't on tonight  @racheljean1 (i guess i will study for math then?)
getting ready for graduation tonight  blaaaah.
@f_lexi_ble I have to work today so I'll prolly meet you at the gig tonight, too much traffic your way - this is not my happy face 
@mollyroloff is there a new episode tonight. I miss watching the roloff family. 
it's way too hot to be sleeping tonight 
ehhh to cranky agravated and stressed going to bed early hopefully tomorrow will be better ill be on after chorus concert 
no zumba tonight 
@14eleven I need to quit B.S.ing and do some more laundry tonight myself 
i need sex. i need to stop drinking. i will not be doing either tonight  http://twurl.nl/saafs3
twitter is boring tonight 
soo sad can't go on fb tonight! 
misses keith!! i wish he didn't have a stupid meeting tonight 
i can really go for the crawfish house tonight! sigh...i dnt like eatin alone 
Its going to storm tonight 
Wondering what is bothering the bb.  Last night he woke up 5 times, and tonight it took him 45 minutes to get to sleep 
Missing kickball tonight because I don't feel good 
No movie tonight,  sigh... 
fml i dont get sonic tonight   but i get......RUBIOS!!!
going out to dinner tonight. my diet is completely shot. damn. 
I so wish I would have remembered that tonight was the premiere of &quot;I'm a celebrity, get me out of here!&quot;  - where can I go to see it???
Tonight may have been the last baseball game I will ever see my nephew play.  
is failing at reaching dark angel bamf status tonight 
I am sooo bored and have nobody to talk too...my usuals have disappeared tonight  
@Ashtucker i am sooooo sorry you had to drive around tonight  glad i got to see your face
It is so warm tonight i'm gonna have to take another shower when i get up 
@heatherleanne @the_lyn I have a whole panel done. I lost my drawing mojo tonight.  But it'll happen!
@majornelson why couldn't there be multiple games of 1v100 tonight 
awaiting the big thunderstorm thats supposed to hit tonight... 
I think I will have to pull an all nighter tonight 
should i stay up to watch conan come on tonight? i kinda need to get some sleep 
I have not had any tea tonight. This is a TRAVESTY. But I'm afraid if I make a pot now, I'll be up until 11:30 again. 
luck was not on my side tonight  hopefully next week will be better! vegas baby!
@warehouseangel did u watch tonight? i refrained from failure bc i vowed to my hubby we would listen together... He had work! 
I'm sleepy... It's way past my bed time... Tonight was super fun hanging out with the girls... I will miss @BrittneyDBell so so so much 
@WerewolfJacob hey there, i missed trivia tonight 
wishing i could seen travis and dj-am at there show tonight 
didn't end up going karaoke tonight. i'm sad 
perdi pearl jam no tonight show. 
The Tonight show was GREAT!!!.....Next the SUCKFEST known as Fallon 
sooo much fun tonight!!! watchin intervention then headin to bed....this show breaks my heart 
feeling a bit under the weather tonight 
Its nice that I get paid to do very little besides stay awake but tonight is really boring 
Having trouble sleeping tonight.. I hope i fall asleep soon! 
@carlysha is that smaller then ur last place? I wish I saw that jayz and em concert tonight. 
Really going to sleep now I think... youtube is doing maintenance so unfortunately I can't even be seduced by the faux ocean tonight... 
@camityville I know, that award giving body just lost all its credibility.  heyyy watch naman in magnet tonight, surgery!
@etafish i think nicholas and i are piking tonight, sorry 
An awful, awful thought just occurred to me.  We have to go food shopping tonight 
feeling down tonight  i dont know where these emotions are coming from.
I miss my soldier tonight  I cant wait for him to be home
@wokendream i'd say kick the other one and have a matching set, but then it'd be kinda hard to get around tonight 
@Chriztophe fallon reminded me too much of conan tonight.  copycat haha
@JGDerron Sounds like we are on the same page tonight.  
I have a feeling I might not be going to bed tonight, I want this buy out over with already. I don't think I have anything else to give 
if i accidentally hit your car tonight, sorry! my bad 
freezin' my arss off.   It got very cold tonight and I'm too damn lazy to close all the windows.
Really needs a good stretch - muscles to tense tonight 
@gorgonzolah I was planning on coming to the exhibition opening tonight but I've got a dinner I can't get out of  When is it showing til?
didnt play bball tonight. 
For some reason work was extra dirty tonight.     Makes for a long night.
I fell asleep tonight agian !!! I shouldve dried my hair,,, ahhhwww 
Last night of dance class = Tonight. 
@meregun sadly no  i'll try to kill your uncle in my sleep tonight though, see how successful it is XD
@lozzylol85 i cant go pub tonight  i think it calls for beers and my garden tonight!
My running buddy canceled on me last night, and for tonight, and for tomorrow! 
disappointed not to be kayaking tonight with the boys 
@SumbodyTrippin im feelin alittle better but unfortunately cant do karaoke tonight 
and back to work @cresh182 looking forward to the show tonight, had a rough few days 
@tmorello wow that is pretty racist! didn't know you were in toronto - wish i had tix to the show tonight 
@CrushStevens Thanks, today is preparing for the bowel prep to start tonight   I hate chronic illness!
hopes she can sleep tonight. Last two nights have been hell 
Off to work tweets be back later on tonight 
is going to try to be a nice meanie tonight  sighhhhh
feeling kinda sicky today  hope i snap out of it... starting the new job tonight!
I want to see no doubt/paramore tonight 
Tonight, alas, will be studying, not writing. Two tests tomorrow. 
cba with duke of edinburgh tonight... 
@robbiereviews had to preview it last night and another print tonight  at least you only have to watch once
my internet is being SO slow tonight. lame 
I really don't want to work at outback tonight  Who wants to work for me! I will love you forever!!!!!
Loves her Wings and wishes she didn't have to work during the game tonight in a house with no cable 
@chw88 woo you have trainers, boo you working tonight 
had a fight with a friend tonight im gutted 
I might actually get eaten alive tonight by bloody midgies, they're everywhere 
@JuliaBall yeah, that's the one. in so much pain tonight though 
Working a little late tonight... had to scrub my dance lessons for the evening... 
Tonight's me &amp; Vin's last night in our first home together.  It's kinda sad  I'm gonna go to bed &amp; take a mental shot of this place.
@NINEJAY the will farrell one is on tonight?  i think I missed the whole thing   I can always look on demand i suppose. . .
Just left church!  Reports were a killer tonight, we had no ink! 
Never have i smoke a bowl of stems before tonight 
No froyo tonight 
I'm finding bugz tonight, but it's in somebodies else products... 
Grabbing subway. Pulling an all nighter tonight. The wwdc sign isn't done yet. 
cry myself to sleep tonight 
@gomeztheband wow...cool!!!  i must have missed it     oh well....did ya'll have a show tonight?
missing out on origin tonight  i think i am going to cry
Tonight is the last Japanese class. I've been enjoying them, but I don't think I can make myself walk there in the cold 
Tonight is a sad, sad night. 
Just realized tonights tutoring will mean missing the apprentice 
Going to be cold at training tonight 
looks like an all-nighter tonight; brain just won't shut off 
Tonight, I held my dog as we put him to sleep. The cancer was there and we didn't know it... surgery is too expensive. my heart is broken 
hoping its not going to rain I have to plan netball tonight 
little one is sporting his first two molars. two at once!  no wonder he was grouchy. tonight's a little easier than last, so far.
looks like tonight too i shall be holed up 
@calbo thank god your here wasnt on tonight... 
Dans AIR top on hospital bed has been slowly leaking &amp; was replaced tonight after we turned him and almost tossed him out of the bed 
Totally wants to see terminator salvation tonight, or this week at least, no-one to go with 
Looks like no botanica garden tonight! 
pulling another all nighter tonight probably  need a red bull
I rly want to sleep at 11.30 tonight. I sleep badly when I have my period but I'm just so tired 
Looks like I will be sailing in the rain tonight 
gutted! @katyperry rescheduled tonight  booooooo
@mandyyjirouxx manderrrzz i tried calling you  we need to plan our starbucks trip tonight with @mileycyrus
bout to hang out with whitney, hubby has work tonight 
@powterpuffchick young love cancelled tonight  what nowwww
@Brantanamo please dont make me depressed im at work and i think we have a cat with a broken leg to xray tonight, no early night for me 
looking forward to bb tonight ! hope its good ! a scottish girls went to be going in, good god ! i want mcfly to know about my foot !  xox
No pub tonight  not enough money.
lost at softball tonight. grrr I was the last out. 
@Woth2982 @bostongrlkayte did you girls get my dm???  What did I miss from tonight???  
I get to sleep on the floor tonight  i hate this hotel right now!
is workin tonight and ive still got the damn flue. How do i get rid of it? 
Just fell asleep for 2 hours! looks like someone wont be sleeping tonight 
I want to update more but can't think of anything... Tonight's the last night I can sleep past midnight... 
i had a monster but the hook broke off  what is it with today? lol...tonight better make up for it!
Wants to see the hangover tonight but has to go to his grandparents ranch in the middle of nowhere. 
@waddella &amp; @crystal_love am i mithing out on fun tonight 
going away party tonight. the party should be fun, the going away.. not so much 
@jessegahimer is leaving houston tonight 
@AhmNoHere No fair! I wanted Chinese tonight but can't 
wishes she was going dancing tonight.... 
apparently has no plans for tonight... i don't care, i want to sleep! 
willow is amazing! a lot more strict though  you can only have a gues 10 times...annoying! Brothers graduation and minus six tonight!!!
@lannenjay i'm so upset i have to work tonight, i've been looking forward to you guys coming back to ptown for so long  its killing me.
is hoping the wind dies down before tonight. 
@clairey67 no pit tonight, too much rain  ! A single malt and some sky+  done me jobs, so I can chill 
thinks il have an early night tonight! dont really sleep much anymoree 
my mum ordert me to go to bed very early tonight 
wfm tour kick off tonight at the matchbox. seeya friends  2 bands down 2 to go.
came straight in and put me jim jams on.   it was very cold and rainy tonight  we all got very wet
@marginatasnaily yeah, used to have them loads...hadn't had them for ages until tonight though it seems. scarey  xxx
Is really about to give up on everything  Tonight will be better?
At work til late...no partyin tonight 
twitter's awful quiet tonight 
@Jeremyitsmyswag nah not yet  I'm TRYNA find something for tonight... not having much luck!
arggggggh. I really wanted to go see paramore and no doubt tonight...butttttt, my friend that had the tickets got grounded, so noooo. 
tonight was a severe disappointment. the daisy riots breaking down and the gig cancelled leaving me and boys with nothing to do! 
something came up and can't make it to shadow dancer tonight  round 2: jokers of the scene tomorrow
     &lt;--------- my face because i'm missing zoro tonight.
@Faelan i'm sleeping at sarai's tonight without her 
@tommcfly saw night at the musuem 2 tonight.. missed your music init  x
Kenzieance banquet tonight really excited to spend one last time with my team..there will definitely be crying tonight. bye seniors 
@fashionsta1987 no im not  but im chillen wif me boo tomorrow so i guess im aiight with not doing nothing tonight lol
@garyvee water...i have to work tonight 
alright - outa here -got to start the day - helping in sthratewen - will be as black as the spades of tonight 
Looks like I ain't gonna get much sleep tonight 
ugh softball tonight and I do nooot feel good  ick.
My plans for tonight got cancled.  I am so sad 
@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/6pe9h - i wish i was there !  good luck tonight you'll do great
@mitchelmusso I wish i lived in america :'( I would so be there tonight 
Family bbq. So tired yet just cooked for 14. I'm so going to sleep tonight. No terminator 
@locksmiff Tonight 
Yankees rained out tonight 
@Teradawn no live feed tonight, huh? 
Looks like I might be staying in tonight 
@NorrinElizabeth Congrads on graduating! sorry I couldn't be there!  have fun tonight.
Artomatic closed at 8:00 tonight   At least we didn't get around to going there as originally planned before finding out.
grandson is leaving austin tonight - 
@mitchelmusso have a great show tonight mitchel...wish i could be there! 
update: cousin has to have surgery either tonight or tomorrow. appendicitis is fun, guys. 
Wants to know what im doing tonight ! 
is kinda upset cause he wanted to see his girlfriend tonight but aparently all that went to shit 
no games on tonight   boreddd
goin home finally, twitter will be down for an hour @ 8pm tonight  hahaha
Looking forward to my own bed tonight. Beds were far too hard at the hotel 
@bobbycotton ahhh no not yet  on my way out to the club tonight, but the true blood lovin will def be starting tomorrow nite!!!
@MyCrookedTeeth idk,hah i figured it out though! i tried calling you back but you didn't answer. i can't do anything tonight i'm grounded 
Nothing happening tonight...staying in, playing wow 
home on a friday.. guess I'm gonna miss the bonfire tonight 
Everyones downtown tonight. I'm too busy feeling/looking like a pile of shit to go out. 
@darlinghollie the fam had grilled kfc chicken tonight. I remembered indy. I miss yooou 
Everyone is busy tonight except for me ... feeling kinda lonely 
My twitpic isn't working  I wanna show ya'll my sexy shoes I'm rockin tonight.....
@SoSweetDaeDae wish i could come  have fun for me.... not too much bumpin and grindin tonight, ok?
Watching baseball tonight and saying goodbye to jonny and samo 
made some extra money instead of partying tonight with day 26  n keri hilson..boo me  wanted to party tonight
no disney tonight 
@joeruiz never mind...its sold out    I coulda got laid tonight
@loganpda @anzeodavid missed tonight at sky bar   sorry guys! still luv yal though
Just took the longest nap. Now I won't be able to sleep tonight 
@Jonasbrothers were u guys at the grove tonight i think i saw papa jonas...nd pple kept saying u were at a restaurant..i wish i met guys 
tonight was a crazy night .. now I know why I don't go out much, too many people know me and I just don't get to enjoy the show 
yeah... super uninspired tonight 
Tonight, it was good to see everyone but really sad also.... 
Last pit show tonight  Although I can't say  I'll miss waiting in line for 12 hours for pit.
@TiffanyLD aw man i wanted to go to the no doubt show tonight but had no one to go with  where was nkotb? dangit i couldve met you lol
has no plans for tonight  how sad.
Tonight was okay. Idk I feel unappreciAted 
oh way too much fun tonight! last weekend in athens 
allergies got me sooo fucked up tonight! 
Has so many emotions about tonight 
@isneed aww what! they told me you wanted to hang with fernando so i decided to work all night!  what are you guys doing tonight?&gt;
Clearly some of you twitter losers never left the house tonight! LOL 
working graveyard shift tonight... 
ballin party tonight. didn't drink, only sunk a few cups out of how many games? need to work on mah skillzzz or lack thereof... 
let me re-word that tonight stunk 
i'm going to bed.  sorry i wasn't on long tonight.
I'm sorry for all of the embarrassing displays at my house tonight boys  I'm really really sorry
Tonight I will be able to sleep under my sheets  As opposed to on top of them covered in a layer of sweat 
wondering how fun if i can go out with fam tonight, but daddy always busy 
Ugh! All plan for tonight has been canceled! 
@MollieOfficial hope you have a good night tonight. ireally want to go see it but i can't 
My goodness, i feel like shit  Tonight i shall have a movie night !
deadddddddd  missing party tonight which makes me cry. hahaha
wishes she could go see take that tonight, when everyone she knows is going and she'll probably never get the chance to see them again  xx
@annamalgorzata haha sorry can't do that tonight 
It had better not get in the way of the gig tonight 
On my way to work  what's goin on tonight?!
@desrosj They canceled the game and he's pitching tonight..but I won't be in town  I lose.
@Grategatsby yeah, I found out he is pitching tonight..but I won't be able to catch the game 
@Kdedeaux no 5* tonight  but my seats arent too bad so I am excited!
 so tonight's the night we all roll along.
@Melimoo94 not good  you have to bring your memory stick tonight x
blsdjlabskhfdkfsbdslfndsf. i feel like sitting around and doing nothing. but, i have to work @ the stone house tonight. boo 
@jackalltimelow i hate that i couldn't come to your show tonight  come down again soon please?
2nd last show tonight before the station goes on holiday for the summer 
is wishing she could be in harrisonburg with everyone tonight 
so fucking tired after last night. i can only imagine how bad tonight is going to be :\ oh lawd. getting ready for the wedding, no church 
blue jeans, over-played for tonight.. 
doesnt feel like working tonight 
Races rained out tonight @ Dells 
@KirstynSmith cheers me dear - have to go babysitting tonight though 
it feels as though i have let someone down tonight 
I told myself I wouldn't stay up this late again tonight. It's his fault though. get out of my head 
still don't know what i'm gonna wear tonight, drama! i wish i had my bestie here with me but she's ill 
i need a nice bright cardi for tonight, i wish id brought that one from topshop now 
needs to keep her appetite intact for tonight! But is feeling hungry 
@ATLHustlerClub awwww    i'll be at a concert tonight
I feel like going out and doing some serious partying tonight! If only I had someone to go with! 
i want to know what i am doing tonight. ughh 
homework  jodis s16 tonight!!!
i have no idea what to wear to the greek festival tonight 
Rubbish on TV tonight 
waiting on my boy to arrive from san deigo...but he doesnt feel good  tonight should be interesting huh?
I have a 14 mile walk at midnight tonight and im really ill  x
@churroboy i know  ho-say save me a dance tonight! to a reggaeton song! 
last volleyball game  hangin out, have to babysit tonight
bored and no plans for tonight, bah 
@pensblogtweet Haha no.. I am pumped. But i've been in bed all day cause I'm sick  Tonight I won't be as quiet.
going to graduation tonight..seeing al my peeps for one last time...but hopefully not 
@jessi lyn but we have to prefunk and get ready for tonight so we cant 
#pacsun til close.  missing westfest tonight   wish i was back in michigan
missing westfest tonight   wish i was back in michigan.  #pacsun til close
 aww that sucks...don't know what's on for tonight
is so bored that she is considering watching big brother tonight! how cool am i! 
going to a concert tonight ...but with bad hair  oh well it'll be dark lost a pound
wish I was going to see @donniewalhberg &amp; @joeymcintyre tonight. 10 mins from camden &amp; can't make it  hershey was so amazing in march.
@jeffghazarian I'm going to go to jeff dunham tonight with my mom..I can't hangout tonight 
what happened in big brother tonight i missed it? 
i want to go to the red house tonight 
Wish i could be seeing kathy griffin tonight 
@selenakyle I wish. I have a million things to write and that poker tourney tonight (which I may bail on due to the writing)  #bfd
@Tessmck  yes really has knocked her off her feet. Shes a busy waitress, so off tonight and hoping to be back tomorrow 
is going to a banquet tonight........dress up time...  im sooo tired...
@JLSOfficial MARRRRRRRRRRRRVINNNNNN did you read the forum tonight? and and i love you? do you know that? I LOVE YOU  xx
Is the only person working until 7 tonight.  
no bowling tonight. 
dam yankees  doing absolutely nothing tonight
need friends to hang out with tonight 
i have nothing to do at all tonight!! 
argh, there was a hot guy there tonight, and i wish i talked to him  oh well, i still have a picture of him 
totally wishing me + ray j tonight  pshhh someone should come with me.
my favorites, k and kendra are @starscape and I'm stuck working tonight 
@dirty_saint he won't be here til late tonight 
@jonnyskov nice... i'm stuck babysitting tonight... 
My daddys leaving tonight  
@JennaPalmore awesome. teaching where? (i just got back to troy tonight btw) 
@myria101 I see that, I've missed LOTS... I have internet tonight at our friends house.  But starting tomorrow I'll be internetless 
I want to go get pizza tonight , but I seem pathetic going alone 
why isn't there basketball on tonight???! what's the sports programming tonight? there's no reason to stay in with nothing to watch 
Tonight is my last night in la  sad, sleepover with @xDemiLovato
exhausted gotta get more sleep tonight or I'll be useless at the party 
no camping tonight now 
i'm missing color of violence tonight 
cant go to church tonight  backs still screwed
last few nights in fremont.  spending tonight with lauren! and alyssa!  i miss becky already. &lt;3
after performing at car show tonight it STINGS so bad    i don't know if i'll go to church 2morrow or not, it hurts so bad when i move
#pens look really bad tonight. 
Laying in bed with my hubby n chachis. @gralph has to work tonight 
I think they`ll release it tom. or tonight.  They`re encoding it really slow.
Looking like the #pens are going to loose tonight.  Which means tonight is a bust.  
Working extra shift tonight...  won't get off until 7am...
I'm getting excited about my going away party tonight... I hope I don't cry too much 
no poker tonight  Ah well
sorry, can't pos blog now. will later tonight bye 
@showtime757 lol you aint no help guess ill be on the couch again tonight 
My spies are being quiet tonight 
i am a fishing widow tonight 
Being stellar awesome and hanging out with 15 y/o tonight on the riverwalk considering i'm broke and can't go to the bar.  
Ugh, I feel sick, I don't wanna be at work tonight... 
can not believe how poorly the pens played tonight  better come back strong
Hoping to get some sleep at some point tonight 
I don't know what happened... there were some sad penguins on the ice tonight 
went to open mic. kind of a bust tonight though  didnt stay too long.
Guess I'm not doing anything tonight... again! 
Should have had a top 5 tonight but thanks to a certain person that knocked in my fender, we got 10th  Would have had 9th but I had a...
Myself. I'm a loner tonight. 
Tonight was awesome. Almost like old times.  
mikey got a new job and it starts tonight at 12am so that means that I am sleeping in a bed alone tonight 
There is something missing in my bed tonight. 
Waiting for tim and asil. . . They are late tonight 
After sippin all that cough syrup...guess I won't be drinking tonight 
i feel super lame being home tonight 
I'm pouting because I missed pride tonight  On a happier note I have a friend getting into town tonight to see me yay!
is a loner tonight 
wished i knew Titanic was on Tonight  I missed it
boreddddd...got kicked out of my bed by fam....sleeping on the couch tonight  lol
Holy crap tonights going to be expensive 
Feeling very old tonight ... my 'little' niece just graduated! 
dani did so good tonight. i want to dance!  lol. spending the night at shelbys house (:
@itgoesboomtwice no, jam was definitely easy going tonight and understanding. I was just so over this place tonight 
Tonight - back at work for first time in 3wks... 
@FANGSY7 is your gig tonight at the crib R18? my friends telling me it is and now she wont take me and im all ready to go 
@kevinchen4ever nah tonight was a boring night actually 
off 2 sleep...I'm not important Tonight 
tonight was soooo fun. It was great to hang out with the old crew again. I miss it 
@peterleung nope, i had to work tonight 
said the first goodbye tonight 
is staying home tonight! Actually no options, babysitter cancelled! All of you have fun tonight, be safe! 
is sad that a decision was made tonight and two of us got hurt. 
Nothing horrible happened, tonight just sucks a lot.... I miss my andrew. 
http://twitpic.com/6tell - Tonight, before I broke my camera! 
wish he wasnt out partying! im lonely and cold tonight 
ended up going to the beach today--fell asleep &amp; got burnt!  Tonight watched my 1st class of students grad from 8th grade--they're so big!
did not win at poker tonight 
i had a nightmare tonight  .. soo horrible 
60 mins is heartbreaking tonight 
Tears for those families on 60 minutes tonight 
@marieiris I can deal with one or to, but there's quite a few tonight. I think I just slipped into whining too 
aw, looks like we arent goin to giant tonight... 
ahh no desperate housewives tonight! 
@sweetishbubble I didn't since I had friends over  But maybe they'll do another one tonight and I can jump in.
@KrackofDawn oh no I'm sorry!  warning:  I'm going to wec tonight and will prob be tweeting...
@grum Lol yeah it's so cold tonight! I whinged like a sissy when I stepped outside tonight. Then the sneezes came, and with the cold! 
@jangles @bryanperson Looking forward to the tweetup tonight.  Does it really start at 9 p.m.?  I have to go to work tomorrow. 
no baking tonight 
...someone take me on their private jet to summer jam 09!!!!!!!!!!!! its tonight!  lol
Ugh, woke up. I am not going to sleep tonight 
wish i was going to the most amazing guys in the world show tonight but instead i have to work 
is annoyed that desperate  housewives isnt on tonight 
I really dont feel like working tonight.  lame.
no picnic today    buuuut movie night tonight!
Watching #apprentice final and trying to upload to flickr, which is so slow it's unreal tonight 
(sorry guys, work. closing tonight  )
@JoyYoung negative    I'm not off baby duty until late tonight
i miss my sidekick is it lame i want the 2009 sidekick i have a bold and super pissed i'm missing the laker game tonight cause of work 
Feeling sorry for myself today cos of my drunken antics last night. Looks like I could be on the couch again tonight 
@spooh722 that was fun thank you. i wish i cud come to allison's tonight! 
wish i was in nobu tonight 
@misserika This weekends kinda rough for me lol Tonight I have dinner plans w/ family. 
bitter sober in fresno tonight  should i ride my bike? haha
sorta wishing i wasn't working tonight.  
Tonight the kids are outta my bed!!! 659am and i still hjaven't been to sleep little shits my  back is killin me 
@StormVincent idk if i can make it to the city with you today!  we're having a grad party for my sister now. i can probably chill tonight?
Tonight I've realized that some friendships r just not worth enough to be saved ... 
ahhh i wish i was at polo tonight 
@StoneZoneShow aww man, if you were to get on later tonight 'd be down, I'm kinda busy right now though 
I'm bad at: good byes, farewells, see ya laters, till we meet agains, and what ever else I was suppose to get out of the way tonight!! 
is sadly working from home tonight....   http://plurk.com/p/z69ua
Ah all i want is a pint tonight  *TheFragile*
since when was the final of the apprentice on tonight, so bummed i had it series linked... 
@ErinHere How's it hangin', baby? I'm watching the EU election results come in and sobbing. Tonight is a big night for the fascists. 
cant watch the game tonight...too much homework. wishing i was at summerjam too 
think I may have to go back to the hospital tonight...this really sucks 
is very sad at going for a farewell dinner tonight with my south african lovely i wish she wasnt returning to phuket 
wishing aaron was the jailer who brought the inmate in tonight..i miss him 
@PhotOle yeah that's nuts!We even walked down past there tonight for dinner &amp; saw the blockade set up but didn't know what was going on. 
Tonight was kick ass, tomorrow will be kick ass (after I get through work  haha) thank god it's summer!
getting ready to wrap things up for tonight - caught up enough on email - but that is about it 
Going through a 80's rock phase tonight.. I definitely should have been born a decade or more earlier than I was. 
Just can't get comfy in my bed tonight  maybe if I dream of the bed from vegas I might be able to sleep...
@loveleanna damn it! i didn't know the tony's came on tonight 
@TresPoshePreppy I watched the sad ending last night so tonight i caught the happy beginning. always makes me cry 
rolled my ankle tonight.  
really wishes i couldve gone to lily allen concert in brisbane tonight! damn not having funds to buy tix on time 
is missing my hubby tonight.  
Tonight  
@dlhj0603 small world isn't it  ......and I have major heartburn tonight too 
Watch the insomnia pop off tonight too ....  !
its totally creepy in cameron tonight. 
goons are goners.. sleeping solo tonight   tennis tomorrow, who's down ??!
wish i was seeing @Jonasbrothers and @ddlovato tonight 
@PinkPickles I am in the er tonight.  The only way I could make it up there would be for a short visit.  
just woke up and i feel like shit .. not in the mood to go out for hayleas birthday tonight  
is thinking hayfever pretty much sucks . and that she will miss her boyfriend tonight no cuddles in bed 
last session of archery until I can afford to buy my own kit tonight 
Tonight is one of those nights where I wish I still had a boyfriend. I have sleeping alone. 
fingers are soo torn up i actually cannot play any more guitar tonight 
looks like track wont be on tonight 
would of been seing kol tonight 
feel really ill might have to give kick boxing a mis tonight! 
i'm up, i'm up. ugh. no water until 8pm tonight. i hate the city  i feel gross and need a shower even though i had one before bed. ugh
gym or run tonight? or neither? i want to go running but...meh can't think of an excuse not to other than i can't be arsed 
dam!!! why do i feel so mellow tonight 
jonas brothers wembeley show tonight!!!! to bad im not going 
shower, mechanic, workkk. love is leaving tonight 
@ebassman please pass on how devastated Australian fans are feeling tonight .. not worthy of facetime so it seems 
im sooo sick today...so no emery concert tonight 
No parasol for tonight. 
jus ate dinner &amp; feel really sick  going to see my little cousin tonight 
I'm still not a hundred percent well, and i have to cover someones shift tonight  Fingers crossed i will find a replacement.
@mattjwillis Your making me feel guilty now, I just cancelled my 'just going for a swim' tonight. 
@ddlovato hope your tummy gets better!! i was going to be watching the show tonight but it is to far from my house.    xxx
Wishing I was hangin' out with my best friend @Heathercostello tonight. 
@couturesteph awwwwe jill asked me to switch shifts with her...so she will be closing tonight instead of me. 
@melissa9687 sucks to be you. I got to cuddle with @spweisscheese last night. But tonight I'll be alone 
I won't be at knitting circle tonight.  
A well deserved Chinese takeaway tonight, seriously need to wind down 
thinks the tv is shit tonight 
the parade was awesome! but i have to work tonight  im so hot &amp; tired
@MrSweetwyne and @TheMikeSmike  I hope u guys have a good night tonight..wish I was there 
uhoh....darkness is overcoming me...storm is coming!  darn .. hope it doesn't ruin baseball tonight 
Tonight is going to be hard  i cant stand seeing my friends cry.
twitter is doing maintenance tonight??? 
I missed jonas and demi tonight. It was a once in a lifetime opportunity and i missed it. 
tonight is nick's last night with me! 
Last poker game of the summer tonight!  sad.
@ThisisDavina i missed bb tonight! that makes me sad 
Someone get me from work tonight 
got disappointed tonight  thats men for you!
I really, really don't like thunder or lightening, tonight should be fun. 
i wont be on tonight  because i ruined my keyboard and im using my sisters keyboard but she's coming home tonight. But maybe tomorrow
staying in tonight while my friends go out.  hanging with momsiess
There is nothing on TV tonight. 
@ginahope who levon? hahahaha and tonight i do not need you as a cop  shit came up.
Yanks off tonight 
omg i dont want to work tonight 
is sooooooooooooo tired, but if i take a nap i wont be able to sleep tonight 
I need a hug tonight! 
After tonight I am serious contemplating a b reduction!!! This mess is outrageous 
dude bless were playing tonight 
softball was pretty intense tonight. lots of bruises 
my best friend is leaving tonight.wont see him for 4 weeks. 
Isnt looking forward to doing another training session tonight 
@marccalnan you gotta block them one by one. Or make your updates private. I'm on spam patrol tonight, too 
I think we're clear of a tornado. Even tho we're on watch until tonight 
disappointed she's not having a roomie outing tonight! 
think its going to be difficult to get to bed tonight...yay 
Going to be up late working tonight.   Sucks to be me some days!
Bad news everyone. Tonight @ APT has been cancelled 
wishes nights like tonight never happened 
No brother bear tonight  heading to sleep.
I lost my ring tonight 
well um, degrassi is not on tonight.   i will miss it. i really need to talk to someone..
@HollywoodHearts cant read anything tonight.  emily m is over so yeahh. splains itself
Giants are losing tonight... 
Only 9:30 and I'm so tired already! I was going to play tonight, but I can't keep my eyes open, so it's no good. 
Off to windtraining tonight  was looking forward to doing my session outside but it's pretty bleugh! But at least it will be warm inside!
What happened on ontd tonight? deets guise 
Tonight would.almost go down in the books..miss u @vmaya though 
Having separation anxieties..... wish i could move back to my hometown. missing it like crazy tonight 
There is no moon tonight! 
i guess thats enough of reading tonight  goodnight
getting my hair cut tonight! waa it's a sad depature 
Busting another all nightet tonight  someone talk to me!
i miss youu tooo @kblovesyouu ..you just called me at a weird time tonight, sorry loveyy 
@LTGBCALLUM i dont think i'm gonna be able to make rock school tonight....i'm feeling 'fluey' and 'hayfevery' 
wtf will i do without twitter tonight 
omg i tweeted a lot tonight... sorry!!!  and it was not a sober night, btw. fun times ensued.
@kerridanrocks  idk. we had inventory tonight and i drank a monster. now im cant really get tired yet. 
insomnia still winning the battle tonight 
oh no, just realised...back to work tonight 
Ugh, got called into work tonight.so sad mama got fired 
is up again... I soooo need to go to bed earlier tonight... I'll be in need of coffeine asap 
There's lightning tonight... But I haven't the time to photograph it. 
@Doodlemanifesto have a good doodle tonight, I'm sad we'll miss it    say hello to all and keep us twitdated
ready to go to biology  ... i have to have an injection tonight !!  not cool .. i hate needles ! :'-(
slept like shit last night  hair appointment tonight, brown be gone!
i lost my jump drive  but housewives comes on tonight! woooo!!!
@RealBillBailey gutted i couldnt get tickets for your show tonight in manchester  but have a great one!! 
@jimbosussexmtb Looks like I won't be on tonight's ride after all 
@CMarzi84 @stephbags I will not be at the #140conf happy hour tonight, sadly. 
Really wish I wasn't sick...I feel like poo and I have to work tonight 
off of work early, feeling better, wanting to ride tonight but think its best I stick to rest for today. gonna miss the crit tonight! 
awk have to go back to school tonight  ahh, its like i never leave!
no one's coming to my show tonight  anyone live in/around telford free tonight want to come see it? starts at 7pm. @reply me &lt;3
got rugby training tonight, its gona be hard    i hate fitness work
@twistedchick i hope that they can get the maintenence postponed that is scheduled for tonight, sorrry for the spelling mistakes guys 
dress rehearsal tonight!! show tomorrow and thursday...i really hope i don't fall 
i feel fa! i must go on the treadmill tonight! 
@findingurstyle yeah tonight's a no no 
@trezzer aw bummer  wonder if it will be out at  just about twelve tonight or in the morning
i really wish i was going to see ym&amp;ewk tonight. and take cover  
Man I really don't want to go into work tonight!!!!!  I just want to go to bed!  Not happening though 
@HydrosonicIan damnit I do! I have class tonight 
Tonight is my last night in my lawrence apt 
Leaving fabulous las vegas tonight 
No ones tweeting tonight  Makes me sad =/
missing this tonight  http://bit.ly/8uiXe
wakefield start tonight. i like him as a consistent pitcher, but miss jason playing 
Not up for soccer tonight......will do any way 
Lol i have duty tonight  hopefully i get to shoot someone
hoping my dinner gets here before I have to go on the air live if not I'm going to be one very sad and hungry radio host tonight! 
...softball pactice tonight  ellbow still swollen 
so tired....got mad assignments due tonight  ughhhhhhhh!!
Tonight is grilled cheese night but They're just for the kids  they have turkey, roast beef, and ham for us. I'm sad
WORK! so slow tonight. so tired &amp; not feeling well 
is doing nothing tonight...have to work at 9am tomorrow...boo 
damn it . why ghostface have to go to the club tonight...  wheres the frozen peas at
no rehearsal tonight  ive changed my shirt three times today..  i wish i was the sky..
kind of down tonight 
@lindsaychapman hey I never got a text from you??? i dont think at least...sorry     i work tonight through thursday 230pm to 1030pm
I feel so bad i cant make it to the hookah lounge tonight. 
Is sad she's missing tbs and eotc tonight 
we are having trouble getting to talkshoe tonight for the show 
So i guess we wont be seeing allstar tonight...bummer.. 
made the worst dinner tonight. seriously, it was an awful mess. couldn't eat it. yuck. now i'm hungry. 
i wish there were a thunder storm tonight. 
Home! No shows come on tonight 
my puppy died tonight 
Missing our defender tonight   #dnd     http://twitpic.com/7lga4
is on the couch with a 2yr old who doesnt want to sleep tonight.  
early morning tomorrow = crappy night tonight 
@a94mae you really wont say anything?  that hurts. i think i might cry tonight *tear*
is off to bed! no movie tonight 
Tonight was funnnnn. Wish it could have lasted longer! 
should probably step away from peeps who &quot;care&quot; b/c they don't &amp; it's not worth it. ugh, feelings all over the place tonight. 
@therainbowssss lonely nights in syd starting tonight! 
I reeeally don't feel like teaching tonight 
@waxkrayon when xbox live finally works again! I can't even sign in tonight 
Wish I was going to the soccer tonight... 
No footy tonight 
Just woke up to thunder  we got a bad storm tonight
@AlaskaAir I wanna go to aviation geek night! Sounds very cool! I was sad to miss the tweetup tonight. 
no work tonight cuz i'm puking 
I'm buying makeup tonight wohooo not for me though :p I'm still on project 10 pan 
Pretty pissed this girl didn't text me back after ten tonight! 
its really cold tonight! i missed titans training pretty upsett 
@allybulalee i miss you tooo! i wanted to play beer pong tonight! 
i wanna go to the game tonight 
im not playing basketball tonight because my groin is sore 
@piercedbrat I wish I could.  I have a slight case of insomnia tonight. .. and thx for the vote of confidence.. jerk-face!
Wow you acted like a douchebag tonight. I never would have thought you could be like that.  annddd... I love melina!
http://twitpic.com/7lwec boooooo i guess i wont enter anymore tonight 
@rickogden Ahhh shame, all i have to do to be ready for hellfest now is avoid getting drunk tonight so i actually wake up for my flight 
TIRED but tonight welcomes me homework  gotta get cracking
Doesnt even feel like stepping out of my hse tonight 
is going to THE concert tonight, thanks little bro, i'll miss you terribly when you go 
Ugh can't sleep for anything tonight and i have to be up early 
bleh... working tonight, start at half 9. Not a fan of starting so late 
@touchmyplanet you weren't in the cobra chat tonight lady! 
Quotes about global warming for tonight. I'm starting to worry that I will soon run out of daily quote themes 
Just had two epic fails in the past 15 mins  bad bad night tonight
@amycarr92 awww is that tonights episode?? 
@JoBabybliss I hope that strange couch is a comfy one if that is where you'll be sleeping tonight 
I hate coffee! But at this point I'll take anything to get me going so I can turn in early tonight.I can't nap bc that'll make it worse. 
. . . is sick  will have good rest tonight, hoping it'll get me ok #fb
@alisondownunder: my apartment will be soo empty tonight  only me and @dukece 
thinks she won't be getting any sleep tonight  http://plurk.com/p/11nnsr
bro just left. got to see him all of 10 minutes while he was here.  off to bed...have my 3rd 12 tonight. boo!
so tired. i am working tonight too 5.30-8.30 and then when i get home i need to write a proposal for a client. i want sleeps 
watching some tv and relaxing before work tonight 
the train is packed. must be an event in cardiff tonight. all the seats are reserved 
@jeppeys, well.. the good thing is that i don't need to the assignment tonight! yay! but.. i have to do it tomorrow 
boo prob no shopping tonight 
Tonight's slightly stronger than ytd. i have got a cut that gonna leave down a scar 
#AliveAfterFive is canceled for tonight!! music will be inthe boquet, but thats about it. 
i wish i was seeing teamawesome tonight  it looked like fun and all. i will see them soon though for suuuure 
@flaneur Ah, crap is that tonight 
@daysdifference it was the 14th but i'm having the party tonight.only w/ 1 person though. woulda been better if i had a ride. o well  
@littlebluefish: I'm coming home now sweetie! All my strings done for tonight; more left to do tomorrow 
@bilateralcosine I've got to fucking work tonight, so I can't play. I still haven't played it. 
 mike just called. he has to stay and close the salon tonight.
@mgetzski My update failed and I won't get to it until after I get home late tonight. 
Cubbies didnt play well  they better show up tomorrow
@hazelisrude, @crownieisrude, @miaisrude, @breezyisrude hey what are yall doing tonight, i might not be able to make it tomorrow!! 
oh ... i forgot about the meeting tonight ... i guess i won't relax just yet 
#haroatl happy hour tonight- bummed I can't go 
I hear thunder... looks like no grass cutting tonight 
http://pic.gd/f0d62d 2nd time tonight  upgrade to 3.0
I'm going to see HangOver tonight, but i'd rather see transformers. 
3.0, shower, atlanta... no straight hair tonight  i don't like it curly, blah
Not feeling good...won't be cooking dinner tonight 
bored at home, have to work tonight even though its nice outside 
soo jealous of @laurenbreslin @staceyelliott3 ! they got o meet the script tonight  !!!
i missed out on seeing blur do a secret rehersal tonight &amp;will also miss there gig on saturday.it makes me so sad 
@ryan_cabrera i'll pay you to play 'illusion's' tonight lol..but you don't remember how to play it 
I'm excited that @kingofkrump is a judge tonight on #sytycd...but that means no krump either..... 
Missed a good chat tonight 
Feels good to sleep in my own bed tonight, but my hands are gonna search for him next to me. and he's not there  no morning kiss either!!
is gonna be really sad if both friends stand her up tonight 
so i don't wanna watch i survived a japanese game show tonight 
No live show tonight  sorry guys! I'm busy editing
I'm making diner tonight I'm nervous 
Tonight will be perfect for sleeping if it continues raining. Only one thing missing. 
is watching so you think you can dance &amp; wipeout!! also studying for my math final on friday  hope we get a storm tonight 
@teegrl20 so i guess this means i can't call u AT ALL tonight?! 
I'm pretty sure the whole of tonight could not get any worse 
@wx1gdave I'm not so good, not going to the gym tonight 
@QuidProRomo the contemp one? I hated that! I hate a lot of tonight 
@esilverstein Looking forward to update on tonight's taping ... since I couldn't see it 
So the peeps were convincing me 2 go 2 Qba's tonight but it s already 10 &amp; I won't make it before 11 so i'm not 
A storm cut off Wipeout tonight  Does anyone know who won? #wipeout
I had the BEST time at dinner tonight with the girls. Thanks for coming out to see me off. I will miss ya ladies 
The shadowroom is dead tonight  next spot
Tonight we didn't deserve to be in the world cup in south Africa 2010 
I'm very sad tonight goodnight everyone 
There's fluff coming out of my favorite pillow!  Tonight sucks balls. And I'm fucking starving!
missed &quot;So you think you dance&quot; tonight  .. gotta watch it online now!
@caliblondie No, it's not.  I have a girlfriend but no date. I have frustration but no outlet. I'm 0 for 2 tonight. hehe
@DianeLHarris seems to be a common theme tonight. 
tonight has been soooo busy sorry for not updating more 
Debating on wether or not to go to the gym tonight... I feel like i'm getting sick 
no win on the ipod for tonight 
Oh, so bittersweet. I love The Unusuals and I'm so sad tonight was the end. 
lots of drinks needed tonight 
@DonnieWahlberg I'm sad tonight cause now i'm going alone on friday...so i'm just here for another TWUG. 
I'm bored  anything going on tonight?
Feeling guilty after a week of dieting and I ate a lot of unagi roll tonight 
just realised i don't have a dinner companion for tonight.  too late to get someone now.  
I'm sorry guys, I don't know WHYYYYY I'm being so bitchy tonight. 
It sucks being sick! I missed out on a blog get together last night and our journalism mixer tonight! 
@carolynzens well lets hope it went better than tonight, didint race very well at all and my buddy crashed  ugh.......
i'm bored and finding twitter not very interesting tonight 
may not see pwnage tonight 
None for pertle tonight 
ok I'm done - this is not condusive to getting myself ready for yoga tonight.  People can be so ugly  a very sad night indeed!
@pd1001 was a good mornin till I saw how much work I have to do, then get t cellar 51 t sort the bands out tonight 
Not playing netball tonight 
I haven't even got enough energy to put my shoes on, let alone work till 8 tonight 
lunchbreak... i miss pacar  can't wait for tonight
is feeling a little weird with the music tonight. so very very tired. maybe its the caffeine on that salad. 
Wish I could listen to #darkmatter tonight but the wifi at the hotel is too slow.  sorry @davenavarro6767
@xoivettexo you would've had wednesday perfect attendance tonight at zumba. She was giving out prizes for it 
OH i - wait!!! the lair isnt on tonight is it????  boooooooooooooooo why did it end
im not going to treck to joondalup for the radio tonight. i understand how disappointed all of you are. sorry 
ok so new moon stuff is on entertainment tonight here.. tonight?? hmm at least i think its tonight!! only on 3.30am now!!  tape is set!!
@MissCay I was really tempted, but it's suddenly dawned on me that I'm playing cricket tonight, hence it's been decided that I can't go 
its hot...cant believe i have to go to delhi tonight 
I'm unhappy tonight. I miss the boy-but can't figure out how much he misses me 
@johnlegend missed all your radio appearances, and I'm working tonight not too far from where u'll be hope the wind blows and i hear you 
totally didn't sleep last night and thar makes me sad. mark farina may not be an option tonight. only bed. 
I'm pumped for the clarence homecoming tonight.. after i clean my grandmas house 
@ddlovato your going to the ppp premiere tonight, and i cant cause i have finals, so i have to wait till august to meet you 
@robquig That's fantastic! Congratulations. Wish I could come to the tweetup tonight. 
@Manionbird  hunny apologies but i've had to go home, to try to repair my broken body before event tonight- so won't be there 
wants to have a bonfire tonight...but it doesn't look to hopeful 
shoulders are super sore, dancing should be fun tonight 
crap, i jacked up my ankle. won't be able to jog tonight. 
I hope grace is training tonight!  she makes me happy!
i really hate chyrp. i gave it a go. i feel like such a failure. will move my blog tonight 
sooo upset.. wish i was going to see @JesseMcCartney tonight  this sucks majorly. gah!
Guess i'll have to wait and try a restore tonight 
has got parents evening tonight 
I can't get online tonight  x
@Arual_87 i don't think i'll be able to get it off  i'm on the bar tonight!
@Arual_87 i don't think i'll be able to get it off  i'm on the bar tonight and saturday 
Still sick  about to go to watercourse and hopefully feel a little better to study tonight
the last big bang theory tonight. 
russel peters is performing tonight...i don't have tickets though 
is at work till 8 tonight, then long weekend off, pity I'm decorating though 
I am so bummed I can't see @nkotb tonight  damn random illness! I blame taylor
@mini_kimora tonight...? sutra and h2ofront come lady. and i know weird thing is its only u i cant text 
is pretty sure there's going to be water in the basement tonight if this keeps up. 
No internet tonight! Not a happy bunny! 
my meeting just got bumped back to 6... that may put a glitch in my plans for tonight!  big bummer 
no softball games tonight...  I wanted to go to state
Anyone wanna hang tonight? I'm house bound. 
Little bit sad that it's the last big bang tonight 
wondering why i feel dead weird tonight 
waiting for my girl to get off work..not excited about going in tonight 
didnt make it into chester tonight 
@dafyddbach: I'm going to have nightmares about data-entry tonight. 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/7qu30 - you guyss look GORGEOUS i wish i could have come to see you guys but i dont have a car tonight   ...
For some strange reason, my wrist is throbbing tonight. 
@greaney I feel like crap so probably no landmark tonight 
my sleep tonight depends on how fast i work right now 
Tonight show was amazing (L) thanks to everyone yet again. Last show tomorrow night  got tomorrow afternoon though! X
watched the scariest U rated film I've ever seen tonight 
i'm siiiiick  &amp; i have to work tonight hooray.
My kids where the worst behaved in the restaurant tonight.  They are usually so good, too.  
forgot he had to work tonight. 
no fun tonight 
So tonight is soccer night for the hubby (real surprise there) and I can twitter all I want, and of course, tonight twitter seems empty. 
Prbly the only person not seeing Kalvinova tonight 
feel like crapp tonight mayyy-nnn 
I guess we aren't cool enough for the special @DierksBentley thing before the show tonight. 
@Kiteless no chicken tonight? 
my head feels like it's about to explode. or implode... either or, i'm doneski. taking a nap before tonight's activities! 
@megaan_ cntm is on mtv tonight. I need you with me  lol
OK, it's official. Not feeling well and NOT gonna make it out to #bnblv tonight. 
Ugh, this kid on the mound for the #Orioles is looking good tonight.  #Mets
Why didn't my bus come?!  oh well going to see the hangover tonight after I get home
chillen at home. ahh it's supposed to storm alot tonight. 
@djstephfloss all the other models from my cleveland agency will be in attendance tonight...but i wont 
hungry  laying in bed with babyboy. bk laterrrr. what's good tonight?
i'm really craving coffee but i know if i have some, i won't be able to go to sleep tonight 
way too tired tonight, and it's too hot   I don't want to move...
Wishes she was going to touch with everyone tonight 
@musicloverchick  The streams are pretty bad tonight  
I really wanted a thunderstorm tonight 
im home too bad my girls aren't up for hanging tonight 
Sadness! Everyone is bailing on partying tonight! 
Turning in early tonight just not feeling well  #fb
sigh...anderson especially depressing tonight.  
i've been on a roll with blocking tonight! too bad i ran out of things that need blocking  and T-pins. Ironically..
Tonight I was saddened by the loss of a friend - I lost him to prejudice and racism, all these years, and I never knew 
keg tapped tonight...bummer. sometimes when she taps out it feels like my dog just died... 
Sucking at being a creep.... I have lost my touch tonight 
@XXXTJCummings I'm the night owl lol. I was gonna go but I'm too drained tonight 
 im sad....hubby had a show tonight at club Rocks and the babies are sleeping so im all alone 
kinda bummed tonight. i wish i'd stop thinking so much considering i haven't slept and have to be up in six hours. boo. 
@datboybroadway WHOOOO!Broadwayyy why aint chu goin live tonight 
not takin allen out  massive failure for tonight
cold pizza &lt;3  and all nighter tonight  studyyyingg
didnt get tickets for blue man group tonight  try again tomorrow!
The train is broken tonight 
Trying not to worry about inlaws; tried to call twice tonight and they weren't home 
I'm about to go to work. Tonight is the night all the footy players come in at once 
i dont want to have to go and work tonight, how gay 
Not feeling so well :/ homesick for sure not getting any sleep tonight. as i sit and wondering how the other arms feel. 
My girl is moving back to atlanta!  going away party tonight!
Damnit, the storms missed my area tonight. 
@tommcfly i know how you fel when you get ill all the time...i do to  and im on stage tonight and tomorow! you keep me going though xxxxxx
AT&amp;T, why are you being such a snob tonight?  No service, for those of you trying to text or call me... 
yet another night of no sleep... I can feel it. Last night only 2 hours. Tonight who knows... damn meds. and i have to work in the am. 
Spiders = Jennifer sleeps uneasy tonight  Why do they always follow me?? D':
I missed someone tonight... 
@NYdelight  I wish we had part deux tonight
i have no idea what to wear tonight!  x
I don't think anything will happen tonight, might as well put my pyjamas on 
No Hellfire for me Tonight... 
on nights tonight... can't sleep due to man digging loudly outside 
looks like i wont be getting in to the chat room tonight 
walking to laura's for lunch. its so cold  pips staying tonight, going to the parade and uptown tomorrow 
@DROPofFASHION your welcomes and you never sent your info that one night  and what you doing tonight???
Also, I work both jobs today. Hanging w/ kenny was fun last night. as usual. And i slept well but...i'm gonna be tired tonight 
It's the same song over and over. Not getting much sleep tonight 
I have to eat mouldy fish tonight, weirdo swedes-here's hoping I don't vomit 
is sad I didn't find  anyone to go to portsmouth tonight  o0o well...
@Glasgowlassy wee soul  god sake that when u got home?? What u doing tonight?? @violetscruk
tonight's the final episode of 'one litre of tears'. im gonnaa cryy 
TGIF, decided to get drunk like a mofo tonight 
@MsLierience I don't have a good partner to have fun tonight, he wants to go home 
@datdeal2803 where we at tonight? I'm trying to hang with my friend but she never wants to be seen in public with me *tear* 
@RealBillBailey hope you've had a nice stay in mcr.I can't see yr show tonight as my daughter is poorly...  my friend going instead x
@AmazingPhil i think matt and tom may leave tonight. and then i may stop watching 
@tommcfly hahah , have a great show tonight, i know you will tho hope to see you soon 
research paper...due tonight. what kind of a friday is this? boo! 
@AndreaDesigner So glad I'm inside during the storm! But I am expected downtown later tonight 
I feel like crap no bowling party tonight 
is going to miss the fashion show tonight, and mayhaps the blockparty tomorrow hope i get better soooon 
i need to lose like 30 pounds by tonight! carbs don't look good on me 
Going camping tonight 
Stongehenge was cancelled  walking tour of london tonight.
aw, wish i was on the line to the kooks' gig tonight  can't belive i'm not going
No bbq tonight. 
Ugh cousins dance recital tonight..don't wanna go 
My boo be back tomorrow but my ace leave tonight! 
@wheezywaiter i have a show tonight too! which means i wont be home to see yours  is there anyway i can watch a video of it tomorrow?
our puffin tour for tonight got canceled. booooo 
meg's okay, she just can't remember anything about this morning.  hopefully she'll come home tonight.
Sims 3 is very laggy tonight 
Too hot outside and I already have a temp.  It's a no go for tonight. 
got the weather station mounted on my jeep. severe weather, you can come now. except i really want to swing dance tonight 
it looks like its gna rain  i'm supposed to go out to dinner tonight
@johnfinn @Spotweetup bummer  10 is almost my curfew (yes, i have a curfew as a mum). would say tonight but too late to get a sitter!
dierks bentley is in cincy tonight and i'm missing his show! 
came in to work early...and on my first break...ay...overtime tonight babii..no time for partii 
@BKCyclones got 2 spares for tonight .... 
my kid's having a sleepover tonight and I have no idea what to do with myself 
aww jacks mannequin at pnc tonight. i wish i was going  #trackle!
Working tonight  manda
@chelseawalker23 i want to be a part of that phenomenal line up  some B cooper would be nice. dane cook tonight will have to do....
@Fryeface Perhaps! I was excited because I thought I could see belly dancing somewhere downtown tonight, but I guess it was a lie 
Just got home-dont think we are going to reds festival tonight after all 
is another storm tonight really needed? 
@clairel93 haha I think I got a cold tonight...no clue how..I was fine earlier 
@Toongen weeeelllll i can't watch it yet because i have to clean before tonight + go to footy sooooon 
Tonight...Mostly cloudy with scattered showers and a slight chance of thunderstorms 
wish i was playing kickball with everyone from the hub tonight 
My date tonight got cancelled in favor of nerdy stuff.  
-- don't want to do all the housework tonight! 
wish i was at the frantic concert tonight with justyna @emokidisme  stupid 3,000+ miles
Trying to find something to wear tonight! 
Is going to chill at home tonight &amp; sleep early for work tmrw 7-3pm..doesn't like the fact it's going to rain tmrw 
looks like l'll be staying home tonight doing flvs 
i really wish i could go see @anhorse play tonight 
Staying in tonight. Is there anything good on TV tonight?....so far it doesn't look like it 
Anyone wanna come over and hangout tonight? I miss all my girlies 
@kainicole i cant hv studio tonight 
I am relaxing because I have to work a graveyard shift tonight 
@nowbie I wish I knew anything about PhotoShop - I rather suck at it  What's happening at work?  Tonight good by me, thanks - watching TV.
@panicroom1 crap! We were going to go see that tonight. 
car note due  who wants to sponsor my ticket to devin the dude show tonight? right now? a.s.a.p.?
@ehkshelby: I hope you bring in the big bucks tonight! Even though everyone is there but me 
missed my barrel race tonight 
There are disagreements on what should be for supper tonight. We may be going hungry tonight 
I'd go to polish hall tonight but I don't have anyone to hit the club with 
@johnodonnell7 | I hope you don't have to sleep in a terminal chair tonight 
Wants to go to tabu tonight but has no one to go with 
Wants to go see the proposal tonight but has no one to go with  ....not so happy friday anymore.
what the fuck stop raining i want to sleep tonight 
So I need a costume for tonight and I am having trouble 
I hit a deer tonight 
omfg my knees are killing me. no writing tonight. 
So much for being on the casualties guest list tonight.  spencer told me he had me
 already getting sleepy...I really want to get my psych quizzes done tonight...
@joshgroban wish I could have been there tonight! But all I've got in my wallet is flies. 
Tonight... my phone sucks! I can text, tweet and internet... no calls 
I have a low-grade fever tonight 
got in trouble so tonight my curfew was 12 
Tonight ...doing this http://bit.ly/1ymTT ...not this http://www.youtube.com/user/urbanevangelism 
really missin oregon tonight... 
at the beach house. sitting up on my balcony. there are exactly 3 stars in sight tonight. ugh... back to boca tomorrow 
Tonight isn't going to be an easy night, 
@rmedina omg i totally feel ur pain i was the last one in the office tonight 
Tonight, I learned the real meaning of nostalgia 
@VidaMapatis lmao...i go that much  nah im being a nice boy tonight :-D
bored.... i really wanted to get drunk tonight. 
No amount of stupid cartoons will make me feel better tonight...being suicidal would be better than this...criminy what is wrong with me 
Tonight felt like such a disaster...I'm glad I'm home 
kinda bummed i missed kim k and jonathan cheban in fresno tonight 
everyone is getting drunk tonight...except me since I have work in the morning 
Missing his convo already..  I didn't realize how much I was digging him until tonight
@DaveJMatthews My rabbit died tonight  Could use some cheering up...probably going to listen to your songs tonight...
@derekchan we have landed at the radegast bier hall of williamsburg. No karaoke tonight 
@crizzomizzo no  i wish!! I'm not in vegas tonight. Where are u going tonight?
is going to bed a little early tonight after not getting much accomplished on his todo list. 
only nights like tonight where I would just like to sleep but laundry must be done and one of the washers has an error.  more quarters.  
i feel bad for someone thats djing tonight  hahahhaha
no snuggle tonight. 
awww saying farewell to serah tonight 
@artrockrebel damn...i think i may cry myself to sleep tonight.........dude 
*Whines* Where is everyone tonight? *is lonely* 
@KeyLimePatty She actually didn't show up until well after I sat down.  The tea tonight was lousy too.
Really missing by hubby tonight!  
no threesome tonight.  
preparing to book in tonight for live firing tml. yeah i'm waiting for that girl from ipanema to reply. 
@thisiscaliluv not in the club tonight? i saw you at my house tues you didnt even say hi lol. 
is hurt  can't believe some of things i was told tonight
I actually wanted to party tonight. It sucks that im never invited 
@jbr05ki awh I'm jealous, I was suppose to be @ mountain bar &amp; grandstar tonight 
ah! my heels are way too high to dance salsa tonight...i am not a bad dancer but i look like one tonight. 
Hopefully I can sleep tonight with all the hell I went through today 
.. then i forgot about it, i burnt, I went to get it out the oven &amp; burnt 3 fingers doing so. Tonight sucks so far 
@sinbad73  jealous! But hope you have a fab time tonight - I was a bit miserable last night knowing I SHOULD have been there!
And why is there nothing on TV tonight (non-foxtel, wish I had foxtel   )
Just got up - cash flow problems mean I'll have to drive very slowly to the gig tonight and tomorrow as neither are paying in cash 
@cbranners what you nervous about chazza? i think i will be dateless tonight by the way 
wonders is dinner is still on tonight. 
@WendyPantino I really want to see the hangover myself. Might try and drag the girlfriend out tonight. p.s. your sun didn't make it over 
hopefully everyone has the green light for tonight. 
@MeredithJensen trying to decide whether or not to dye my hair for tonight.  And my ride crapped out so no drinking for me! 
dont you hate it when you ask what someones got on tonight and they dont tell you because theyre having a gathering and not inviting you 
says it is RANING!!!! if it keeps up no work tonight  I was asked to fill in for someone tonight at the track...
awww its raining. looks like no bonfire tonight 
@mcflymusic i wish i could go  have fun tonight guys!
no movie tonight... 
slightly too much vodka last night, thnk I may be on juice tonight...feeling a bit rubbish 
is experiencing imba sad internet connectivity tonight.. 
i hope the rain lets up. we're supposed to have a bonfire tonight 
@mikeyriot haha i cant get too crazy tonight, i have work tomorrow at 12  last night was just 1 too many and no come change it for me lol
hmm, deciding if i want to go to the cinema tonight or not. :/ i need to save my money, but i love nights out with everyone.  stuckk.
@danecook No tickets for tonight 
@kylebice I'd totally come if I didn't have to go to my cousin's bday thing tonight...or work tomorrow. 
@etherealprey thats a great statement. and it should make an excellent back-to-back for tonight. too bad you haven't seen any of them 
@MilenaBest yes i'm working tonight  i still don't know how
didn't really sleep much. Why am i up? it's what happens when everyone's getting ready for a wedding while I have to work tonight. 
@DJJazzyGems I had to leave town, so I won't be able to say hi !  have a great day in bend and a great show tonight!
need to stop watching gossip girl and go get ready for tonight! but it's oooh so addictive! 
@tyronewells awww have fun in boston tonight! wish i could be there! i didn't know you'd be here when i am... but i cant go to the show! 
@ShropshirePixie ..and me off to work the graveyard shift tonight  How's u? Sounds like you two had a good evening, whatever that entailed
OK i doubt i'm having dinner tonight...brother will have a fit about shoes and they wont get back before i go out 
I have chinease take away for dinner tonight oh joy. 
@AmandaAzzarello we have to do something soon! I felt the same tonight and had a shitty night 
is excited for a romantic meal with @lucywilliamsx tonight. &amp; is going down to see how much the bank holds for me. oh no 
Parents are leaving tonight. Nothing to do.  i hate being ignored.
looks like we won't be racing tonight 
@theroser you, jordin, wow everybody tweeting about the show tonight...i'll cry  bring this concert to brazil
Shit. Wish I'd gone to the party tonight. 
@liareilly Aww    ok we need plans for tonight!
I hate being sick....ugh  but sooo excited for tonight!
I'm pissed I have to work tonight and I'm going to miss the ultimate fighter finale 
it's so unfair!!!! everyone's going to the party tonight and I can't 
I really fancy some wine tonight 
Supposed to be seeing HUMPDAY at #BAMcinemaFEST tonight, but might have to cancel if the weather stays this lame. 
@Tlkr84 nope nothing yet  still looking And yay! I'm ready for the party scene tonight!
@iLaDuke I can't  , I'm going to a dance recital later tonight.  I can leave the door open and some pizza on the counter though ;)
I can't fall asleep  I got w3rk tonight at 11pm. :'-(
Ugh! my head hurts  and plus theres a party tonight great..
@symphnysldr u didnt play high hopes in velvet ropes  but thts ok. &amp; yes, i am going to the show tonight, i think lol
@hanabobana now you know why we moved  have a great show tonight. miss you and your face
@zoeinbrussels I sympathise. I sympathise particularly as I don't seem to be able to eat either kind tonight 
@missyn325 me luv u long time too!..u will miss me at velvet tonight 
I still cant believe this is it. After tonight its really over 
 realised how much he like pixie tonight 
@kkob haha, care to elaborate? :-p made too much food tonight  x
really wish i'd have gone to see the saturdays in wolverhampton tonight 
Awww  I forgot I have to babysit tonight. fuck!
@iambak i sooo wish we could have come tmrw but we are heading back to dtown tonight 
Babysitting tonight.... This should be interesting! @andrewmurdaface cone help meeeeeee!!!! It's ok, just make @ttomyurd sing for you 
@rudez90 hahaha that definitely won't be happening tonight.... unfortunately! 
Missing a play tonight due to misread project requirements due at midnight  At least I noticed before handing in...
going to a bbq tonight. too bad the weather isn't better. 
i really didnt like the first guy on the michael mcintyre's roadshow tonight  he's rather pish !
Home now and really tired  and i dont plan on sleeing tonight. ha
ughhhh there is nothing on tonight 
Closing tonight at the store. 
I hope this dress works for tonight...my mom said its too short 
wahh! so many options for tonight, what do I do!!!! 
angels dodger game tonight!!! so sad that im at work and am going to miss it  !!!
Watching tv with @browneyes314. I wish she didn't have to work tonight 
@MattPartyHarder I know, that's why I'm confused. so much going on tonight. i wanna go but I don't have a ride or money 
Ugh not feeling so hot...... think I'm gonna lay low tonight 
@BrittanyQuinn who is gonna look after me at the bar tonight?! 
@Jonasbrothers i would kill to be there..  I'll have to wait til aug 23. &lt;3. good luck tonight! i love you (:
@WrittenHouse u killed yesterday. we were gonna hit up harlem tonight to catch u again but somethin came up so we had to head back to ny 
going back into camp tonight.... 
I have no motivation to knit tonight 
wish i could go to the show tonight. there's a yorkie that looks like mine running up and down the street. 
finna go to sleep mad early tonight. bored and aint got else to do 
Home, off again, no thunder tonight   the universe perhaps less frustrated...???
O i guess theres no vic tonight 
@missriches21 @MsPresidentialB awwww I wish I was goin wit yall tonight but I got other plans 
@ShannonMorgan staying in/writing tonight 
@princesselinds no I haven't! hahah its just like realy summer-y but I'm not wearing anything close to that tonight 
@otakuniverse sorry for leaving so soon  but i am too tired to go on much further for tonight T_T
@TheRealJordin congrats on your show tonight, I wish I was there 
Home alone bound tonight 
@matt_gould hiiiii I miss you, wish we could hang tonight   
getting ready for bed kinda tired maybe ill be able to sleep tonight...i hope its not another 4am night 
I'm hoping I don't have a nightmare tonight about that creepy mutant dragonfly.  
No stars out tonight. 
Off to work. I have completed no homework what so ever meaning tonight will be gay 
Tonight my world turned upside down...  But I am ok, and hopefully I will be back out there!
 I'm terrified of spiders and never realized it until tonight.
can't believe audrey wasn't at bingo tonight. made me sad 
Wondering what movies to rent tonight have to work first thing in the morning 
so pissed i couldnt get tickets to coldplay. their playing tonight too 
Tonight was fun. I am realy sunburnt from the lake today and it hurts.  starting to pack for camp.
So when I fell on my ass tonight, I scratched my phone to shit. 
Tonight was awful fighting with the bf and babys gone  im going to bed..
@VeronicaATL thanks vero &lt;33 ily too I'm just down tonight I'll stop sounding so down soon it was just...a bad night  irl I mean :-/
Be careful if you are out driving around tonight...deer are everywhere...we just hit one.  
dance shows are over  kind of depressing! at least there is summer dance! tonight was really fun though!
tonight and goodbye 
@1Omarion we only answering special tweete tonight? 
 i have already seen all the episodes of forensic files they are playing tonight.
@tynie626 nice! i did not drink tonight, sadly  lol
Off to bed - a full 12hr shift tonight from 7 
@billytatu I miss grlz nght 
shame i cant see my dad till tonight 
I missed my chance to see sal tonight yet again. 
ouchhh! i cant move  take that tonight if i learn to walk by then =/
you think you know your friends....not how i planned my last sat night in AZ would be   Tonight made me really think...
Tonight is the Placebo concert..and i'm not going  I guess i'll console myself thinking that the new album is their weakest. But still...
Tonight is the Placebo concert..and i'm not going  I guess i'll comfort myself thinking that the new album is their weakest. But still...
Tonight is the Placebo concert..and i'm not going  I guess i'll console myself thinking that the new album is their weakest. But still...
I have to cancel my gig tonight, because I am still in bed with the worst flu!!! Not getting better 
@CrystalSparkles yeah, normally wifi too but the 3wireless I have is flaky tonight too 
i should have gone to the powerhouse tonight. i could have heard jokes about been an obese spinster 
@Blakeybelle ha, aww, hangovers  Seriously , try getting totally wrecked 3 nights running, feels like death! I wanna get fkd tonight! lol
Just when I want to have an overnight tonight, everyone seems so busy. 
Our show was cancelled tonight! Es no bueno 
how do i cram 16 hours sleep into just under 8   one wish tonight ..... i dream of you.
is saddned that the new series of top gear is starting tonight and i will b in the shit hole 
hopes to chat with her best friend tonight  http://plurk.com/p/12pofa
I do nothing tonight  ...
scary airport experience tonight 
Really hope i get all my papers done tonight 
worked until almost 3 am last night. missed out on the fun. also working tonight, missing the acoustic show at back booth. 
bummed we aren't going to the campfire tonight 
goran bregovic plays seattle tomorrow night and i'm not going  http://bit.ly/110vfe
so nervous for jon and kate's announcement tonight! 
hum. seem to have lost my earlier writing vim. was hoping to put one essay to bed tonight. might have to sleep on it 
@ColetteXoXo I probably can't   I'm sorry I'm super busy!  What are you up to tonight?!
and we had a $100 gift certificate we were planning on using tonight 
Wishing I was going to @ddlovato concert tonight 
I think the studio in Paterson is R.I.P. Tonight.  lots of good times there.
my internet is being such a whore tonight. 
Not my usual self tonight, 
its very warm tonight 
@ImWendy yeah iam thinking that too  last night tonight for 2 though,happy in one way but will miss not talking 
who is doing anything tonight? 
know that i'm not going to sleep tonight - st tropez tan has given me the itchies on my leggies  booooo!
oooh jon and kate are making a big announcement tonight. please don't be divorcing 
nervous for jon and kate tonight 
no baseball tonight  
Oh my god. I'm so scared. I think I'm going to die tonight...    lol... apparently i'm a lost soul swimming in a fish bowl.
watching tv before my meeting tonight 
so any other night i can't find ANYTHING good on tv, but tonight, there are 3 different shows i wanna watch, all on at the same time. 
@LadyLogan from the premiere.Tonight will be tough b/c school is out &amp; she'll want to watch it but I just don't think I can let her 
Our plans to grill outside tonight foiled by a grill that won't light! 
@orionspur411 so probably wont' be able to make it into the chat tonight.  can you let the others know?
The workout tonight was boring! 
@jima6636 can't go to live chat tonight I got skool 
watched the season premiere of &quot;the secret life&quot; tonight! joey leaves tomorrow 
So much for goin out tonight. Matthews car broke down. 
Wish I could go see &quot;Year 1&quot; tonight 
gutted i need to cancel on my dad tonight  been so long so i saw him.
not-happy-ending for tonight, good nite 
@randytyrrell Sounds fantastic!  Wish I could make it to T3 tonight. 
@KatyyandSam i can'tt wait for DITO tonight  is sad that you're cancelling your series 
is bored poopless now that the plans for tonight have been canceled 
@seamussullivan but but but I have my first lesson tonight 
Is out so doesn't think she will b able to do the road quiz tonight! 
slept for fuckin aaages. now i wont sleep tonight :@ i have sore eyes 
i don't want to mow the lawn and work on a website tonight. i want to ride my fixie and play WoW. 
 I'm being threat'ned to attend bw3 tonight!
thinks that  big brother should start at 9 tonight.. not 10  too long to wait
I misses my stickam buddies  and i cant get on until late tonight boo
@aggie067 @aliciacsballero  I should take a 2 hour lunch tonight n go see it 
Wishing i could see dirty diamond tonight. 
is trying to keep warm tonight , also thinking about those who'll fall victim to the streets tonight 
awww  last performance tonight. bitersweet goodbye
just got back from the gym. awful weather outside  transformers 2 at midnight tonight!! stokkkeddd
it is waaayyyy too warm tonight 
sorry kids, not lookin like doing concert tonight! 
its sooo warm tonight 
I was planning on going to the softball games tonight. but it's too hot!! 
looks like i'm staying home tonight afterall 
ian won't come home until 12 tonight...darren and i are going crazy without him 
@FirstPersonArts Is slam tonight? I always lose track 
Beach volleyball tonight! To bad I can't play 
scratch that: adam lazzara is in the hospital so the taking back sunday show tonight is cancelled 
Listening to music and wishing i could hang out with richard tonight 
is getting ready to go to bed..hopefully bradley sleeps good tonight. .. he doesnt feel too well 
Trying to post the pics from tonight, but I feel my eyes are extremely heavy.  
good night, wow tonight i thought of things that happened a few months ago but they hadn't crosed my mind  @ezeuptown2nice i love you !
Dangit! I just missed 11:11. I could've really used that wish tonight... 
Night all maybe I will get some decent sleep tonight 
i didnt win the lottery tonight....so bummed.. 
Totally stoked that I'm going to bed at 10 tonight...I'm a loser 
Dodgers! What happened tonight?? 
@fingercounted Tonight pa 
please no fever tonight. 
@GDGOfficial I hope the show tonight was amazing! Wish I could have been there  And yes, it's miserable heat-wise around here.
Plans cancelled for tonight  i was pretty excited too
I really dont want to have another nightmare tonight 
@wx1901 I'm guessing you're at work now so perhaps Iater? I heard that everyone's going out for dinner tonight... without me again 
souvlaki hut for dinner tonight. or some shit. haha, yay. i don't want home cooking tonight. i don't know why 
@Meredith125 good night love. i'm sleeping @ home tonight... SARS!  see you tomorrow?? obvii
Tonight lasted foorreevverr  but now I get to go home so yay!
Why do I have to work tonight? I could've gone out 
@MalaMaca I hear you! I've got to do my washing tonight though 
just me and the lil man tonight,hope this is the last night like this 
@soapboxquip I think im lining up tonight  fark
Would have loved to go to http://www.v12-gt.com/ launch cocktail tonight... 
@ReaganGomez no god willing tonight?? 
sat in the garden tanning! grey's anatomy tonight finale though  x
I've had too much naan bread tonight 
soo over this shit tt, i need coffe for tonight , allnighter tonight ,  , not good not good , history just fucked up eerything , dammit
I don't think i'm going to finish this tonight  the stuff i'm talking is making me too drowsy and delirious *_~
My knee is reallllly painful  and i have to work tonight.
monging out man, tonight/today should be big fun, i really hope i get the job and misses love 
prom tonight, what a load of shit it will be 
As much as I am looking forward to seeing @jessiemalakouti tonight, I wish I could get there without going on a packed hot train 
bummed that I might not be able to make it to glug tonight, was looking forward to illustrator/crafty people meet up 
back to work. I didn't have a chance to run this morn with my  sis-in-law, little G kept waking up screaming  planning on running tonight
i really want to go see transformers but i have a swim meet tonight and i cant even go to sundown either  oh well please follow me!
sisters graduation tonight 
Plenty more e-mails to get through tonight 
no more beach today    grad tonight! watching stand by me &lt;3
is poorly poorly sick sick...no cinema tonight 
noodlebox with amanda tonight 
@ferretfreakx4  I had so much fun tonight!    And I'm totally stealing all your pictures when you upload them.  hehehe
tea and the tonight show  .. say hello to john melendez, kevin eubanks, and the tonight show band!
can't wait to go partying tonight with my bestie 
wow i just woke up and there's a bag next to my bed. i hate alcohol! wtf happened tonight?!?! thanks everyone who came to my bday dinner 
has already caught the sun, and is going to see miami heat play basketball tonight!  its 8.30am and its already scorching hot!
Watching my Cubbies @ Bdubs tonight! 
phillies game with becca tonight 
tonight bbq qith friends! going to get some steaks and totally looking forward to 1st bbq of this year 
tonight I am firing up the torch.  no matter what.  I will play with fire tonight!  something to look forward to all day 
new audition is tonights lullabye 
Tonights been weirdly fun 
I get to see my love tonight 
going to bad cave tonight at the medusa lounge 
Tonight's performance was good too. A couple mess ups with lines and lyrics, but the audience still loved us.  last time is tmrw.
@moonfrye if I could do one thing tonight it would be to stay awake long enough to read until daylight 
@DarkReaper79 yeah they are i predict blood shed tonight 
thiinkin my cbj boys need to pull a win tonight  loooveu 22&lt;3
@mikevegasbaby tell me if i'm wrong or righttt! tell me i can stay tonight! I love that song. I'm seeing them really soon! 
@JohnLloydTaylor @greggarbo @JackLawless @Jonasbrothers have a great show tonight guys! wish i could be there! 
@CHRISDJMOYLES Didn't believe the rumours anyway, because we'd miss you if you weren't on the radio. I'll be watching your quiz tonight 
@leonardosuarez it's tonight. Last sessions have been really fun! You are very welcome tonight 
i love gracie and rachel. stoked to see everyone tonight 
tonight was fun  i've missed connor's banter!
hu/hu tonight ;; see you there ... 
bon fire tonight yayyy 
I took a shower then didnt feel like strightening or curling my hairl haha so its just blehhhh for tonight. i dont mind tho 
What a beautiful day it was today!  Tonight, dinner and a late movie.  
Feels like partying tonight!!! 
@shumarani hello miss  I am very well, saw a bit of sun today, you remember that big bright orb thing in the sky? ;) Tonight: roller derby
@joeymcintyre hope you have a good show tonight 
Bruins won the match tonight 5-1 
kind of excited about tomorrow.  good night.
the rain smells nice tonight 
where's everyone at tonight? 
@britneyspears have an awesome show tonight 
Listening to m ward play. yay! hopefully will discoversome new music tonight 
had so much fun tonight!and thank you @adanion  for having my coffee 
i shall leave the interwebs for tonight; good night everyone 
2 AM, i think i'll try to get some rest tonight. sleep well everyone. 
@christyfrink @morganlevy  sad i didnt see you girls at the show tonight!! hope you had fun. 
I had a wonderful time on stage tonight. Going to dinner with my love. 
Tonight was crazy busy &amp; now I am bankin'! 
aaaaaand im staying in again tonight 
ploughing through assignments but looking fwd to tonight 
Listening to a bunch of old-school hip hop. Last.fm = win tonight 
tonight was deff. a night that i havnt had in a longg time -- a fun one 
Tonight was a goodnight, first time in a long time 
I have mass respect for @ZackAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow @RianDawson and @AlexAllTimeLow. Tonight shows you really do care about your fans 
tonight was amazing!I'm going to bed now.  night everyone.
Shouts out to errrrrrryyoonnne dat came out tonight  ill go more in depth tommore..shit was a ZOOOO
Something's going down tonight 
@louiebaur hello back!  I'm nocturnal tonight. can't sleep, watched a scary movie--Jeepers Creepers(pulls blanky over head &amp; peeks out)
@davidgrohl thought you would find this amusing...  went to a nkotb concert tonight and came on twitter for grohl reality, but no grohl!  
tottenham hotspur vs newcastle united tonight! can't wait to watch it 
Today is such a nice day, i need to get outside. Tonight will be good 
Tonight i have mission. i will watch all 100 top internet video.  http://tinyurl.com/cvcb6y
leaving nc for vineland nj....come hang out at hangover 84 tonight at the sbh show 
I'm staying up all night tonight. Anyone care to join, be my guest 
Cleaning in preparation of a big party tonight 
devil sold his soul tonight. Going to be epic 
i need to shower and find something to do this afternoon/tonight...interested in helping with the latter? 
@blakebergstrom i am missin' you!  praying tonight is amazing!!!  then hurry up and get your butt home!  
@chitagirl omg~~~ have fun at the concert tonight!!! 
looking forward to going home.. Underbelly is on tonight! Yay for good tv 
@britneyspears your concert tonight rocked! it was so fun 
@LordBlackadder OK then, stop whinging, have an early night tonight and get to work  x
went out to eat tonight with... @dcru0002 @i_am_raylene @marcoandretti @garytrib and other nice people   now it's bed time! x
I had a really fun time tonight! Thanks @devidev ! 
Has a date with the devil tonight 
#gnw references to #nbn tonight 
looking forward to the gig tonight 
im really tired so im off to bed for tonight, byeee everybody 
im so hungry :S hope can order a pizza tonight 
omg i completely forgot its 420day.... thanks for reminding me twitters! Tonight will be crazy 
Finishing up a song tonight... you should listen to my new mix: http://tinyurl.com/relic01 
's right big toe is hurting after his run last night; better be ready by tonight or I'll run through the pain and be paralyzed tomorrow 
@HalloranElder yup  the info has been email to you but let me know if it hasn't arrived &amp; I'll resend tonight when I get back home
Tonight it's Arj Barker. I'm getting used to going out every other night. What will I do when #MICF ends...? Jazz Festival! 
i think i'm gonna go to bed earlier tonight...night twitters! 
@pinksugacupcake I'm sure you would - at least I have something to sleep on tonight 
Hopes @Losichka is online tonight so I can tell her the funniest story ever 
thx to my superman for coming to the rescue earlier tonight 
is looking forward to my massage tonight 
really glad to be having dinner with a friend who i haven't caught up with in a long time tonight. 
@Dannymcfly heyy, how are you? hope you have a good show tonight  haha start of another tour, wish i could be going! x
apparently he is my son tonight 
@king_momo I am, thank you! it's weeeird weather so I'm staying in tonight haha. and I hope yours is going well tooooo 
fell in love with a guy on the 134 going home tonight, beautiful. 
@DearRobot a brief reprieve tonight!!!!! 
nj modeling affair, club quest tonight. . right after i nap 
Tonight was fun  Ash treated me to dinner, and greg filled my gas tank! &lt;3 my friends.
in a hotel room!! so tired tonight was awesome tomorrow will be better great bands and great friends 
Tonight was sooo much fun 
Tonight was fun as hell. Crashiiinnnn 
I am really in the mood to sing tonight. It's a good thing I have a show. 
@rustyrockets thank you so much for tonight. I was so happy about the tweet you sent me &amp; that you remembered me you are so amazing 
Oh, and  #FollowFriday my writing partner, @RoseBud_ because it will really freak her out when she gets back from opening night tonight 
hmmm, should i stickam tonight? 
Aww heading home. Tonight was a very fun night! 
@jcrawfud I've got a house warming to attend tonight, but after that, game on. 
Tonight is a goodnight 
Tonight was fun 
Tonight's one of those nights when a screwdriver between the eyes sounds more interesting than anything else.  
was a total good boy tonight  i suprise myself lol
is a little nervous about tonights game, port vs crows, bogan central @ aami tonight lolzzz 
@5toSucceed no problem  how r u tonight?
cuddling with cristy and nina tonight 
The sun is shining and i'm seeing amanda tonight. Couldn't be happier 
@viviansessoms @snappcapp  i got a call from london yesterday.  sounds amazing!!  keep rockin' and have fun tonight again!
Tonight I felt like the man I was born to be. Whiping tears away, holding her trembling frame, and singing her to sleep. I feel complete 
@djtimrichards hey bro, hope you have an awesome night tonight! I'm sure it'll be great. 
$ from tonight going to #vic fires. Aparently about 300 comming 
whole weekend off  off to brum tonight
watching scrubs love it  open mic tonight!
@greengirl74 What's your secret for beating a cold? If you can beat it.. i can ;) Hope you killed the show tonight, good luck tomorrow 
just got home.....tonight...AMAZING...; ) cant get any better then this 
@melody1976 Are you guys coming tonight? 
is trying to find something to do today, and can't wait until tonight 
Tonight is the premiere of JONAS!! YAYAYAYAY 
@sinabsolution next time sama akong mogwai.  staying in tonight :p sulking. haha
Tonight, asado debugging 
@ tutoring. undead tonight! 
I am up and totally excited for the shoot tonight!!! 
just about to have dinner, watch some ghost whisperer and get rady for a party tonight!  sounds like a good saturday to me!
@Jonasbrothers can't wait to see you guys this summer and can't wait for the show tonight!!! 
is excited for prom tonight.  Hopefully all goes well.
i'm sooooooo readyyyyyyyyy for the premiere tonight. 
taylor swift concert tonight!  yayyyy!!
Having bbq tonight 
Getting ready for our wonderful friends to come over for a cook out and baseball tonight 
I'm kind of excited to watch my baby play bass tonight 
Is warming up for tonight with some fine ass wine 
@jonasbrothers For sures, will totally watch ''Jonas'' tonight. The previews have been funny &amp; cool! haha 
lazy dayzzzz, j.o.n.a.s premieres tonight though! 
watching a percussion performance with m and m.  dunno about tonight.
I get to see my love tonight!!! 
someone had fun tonight 
had such a fun time tonight!!! 
@JeffGammage cool  so how is the studio tonight?
So happy to see tonya solise tonight i got to give her the new leash i got for bunny 
I'm actually doing something social tonight. 
I just want to use your love tonight, i dont want to lose your love tonight. 
the #canucks looked terrible tonight, save for the 1st period.  however, seeing all those white towels live is still pretty amazing 
Katies 21st birthday party!!! Tonight should be fun 
Tonight was fun 
@joshhaber so good to hang out tonight, i feel like we are actual friends now 
Logies is on tonight - time to relax and switch off the telly 
Watching bones and borat tonight 
On my way back home! Tonight was fun 
@tommcfly @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry seeing you for my 4th time tonight  can't wait. good luck! x
had fun chillin at barracuda tonight    
tonight eating out with my boyfriend YAY 
had a great time tonight with my girl. kinda forgot just how awesome she was(is).  #fb
@DAMIENSHONEY Lol .. and I'll be using my electric blanket tonight 
watched x-men again last night. great film, think i'll watch x2 tonight 
great night last night. Tonight shall be fun aswell 
Going to see hannah montana the movie tonight with my sister 
Off to the prison for some visiting and the to Stefs to get ready for tonight 
@DHughesy very very very funny tonight hughsey, thanks for the great laugh. 
Just got a 1er for a mornings work... Niceeeeeeeeeee. Thatll be spent on beeros safnoon/tonight 
started my first 50cl ... making my way there slowly off to a resturant tonight so ill have some more then  funtimes
going to see alesha dixon tonight 
just showered. going to the tip later. tonight should be goooood !! 
damn, that match was all anticlimactic last night.. was hoping it'd last more than 6 mins, but so proud + happy pacquiao won 
@MontanaOne I am, and I am   I'll have some pix later tonight.
off to mass, then: fix typo's, fix end notes, bibliography, finish bookshelf organization.  Tonight: adoration and potluck, see you there 
excited for the new series of the hills on tonight  i just watched the previews on bebo and god it looks so awesome
@MrTeagan I downloaded it and plan to watch tonight!  Thanks man!
Basketball Tonight! 
@RealWorldMom I'm doing great tonight! We are having a fabulous thunderstorm &amp; it's cooling everything off. Ahhh.... 
I think I want to take a walk tonight :: maybe this is possible?  
@JacobLocke yum! we threw some fajitas on the grill tonight - yeah for grilling season! 
@galoera soon, very soon. We've got lots to celebrate tonight 
@jokoy haha how funny i just texted him saying hi because i was watching no doubt tonight 
tonight, is the night &amp;&amp; im feel'n alright! 
Working on an experimental remix for @brianknarfield tonight  it's crrrrrraaaaazzzzzzyy!
it's sundayy. that means the kardashians are on tonight! 
@omoclese hell yeah man! I got ep 5 to watch tonight. Some cool changes 
wow - who pulled my string tonight?  
@veronica78   i know right, i hope not, bored tonight though
@KimKardashian you were great tonight kim keep up ur great work 
@lisahaley1021 haha I forgot those existed! I'm working out on the elliptical tonight... No video for me 
Almost at work... Sounds weird. Anyways, slept pretty well. Tonight, i'll put on my wall my french tagged flag and stuff about last gigs 
badminton marathon tonight!  please cooperate feet! 
out for supper tonight with kurumi in 10 minutes 
shall bring his own glass to work from tonight, no more 'half half' hor!! 
@skrobertson thanks  i have to finish schoolwork today, no rehearsal tonight though. what ru doing?
...is worried / hopeful that I cought giardia from the foam tonight 
dance gavin dance/attack attack/a skylit drive tonight!  i'm so exciteddddd
getting ready for the concert tonight! YAY! 
I'm off for tonight good night everyone 
Tonight, will be a good night  &lt;3
the grates &amp; children collide tonight 
@Absturbation yeah ... he was 0-3 and SCOREless tonight 
@joannarobbins You are 'spot on'...I wouldn't tweet without it!! Thanks for your share tonight. 
http://twitpic.com/4whaf Tonight's art show was a success. 
overall, tonight's snl = epic win. 
tonight was hilariouss  i loveeee everyone that was theree 
I love all my friends  @christickell @micahdwhitehead @johndavidwright @vivianleighturn and drew were fun tonight
is excited for tonight's party of ron  http://plurk.com/p/sujth
@CesYeuxBleu is making everything fabulous tonight 
Girsl night ! on my way to foam party  No sleep tonight !! 
colds nearly gone, yayness!! greys anatomy on tonight . . . . . .double yay! 
Home. Tonight was fun  thanks!
@poeboyandy actually workin from home tonight...  you?
get down tonight: http://bit.ly/QxXhi  the bridesmaids, moms, bride &amp; I rockin' the reception 
Going to get some strawberries for the champagne tonight! 
mozert requiem tonight 
mozart requiem tonight 
Tonight was fun 
@gcrush thank YOU!! You guys did awesome things for my blog tonight  so grateful!!
got a little scare tonight. couldnt fall back to sleep. so i started working on my digital imaging project. looking good. 
@kingofthelab I'm sleeping on the wooden couch tonight! 
marko got in a fight outside the roseland tonight.. it was rather entertaining! 
Yay, I should be able to make it to 700 updates tonight  lame compared to other ppls i know lol
has a lot too think about after this weekend .. the future seems a tad brighter tonight 
sitting on couch watching scrapheap and killing time, oldies coming to visit tonight 
Tonight is a full moon... beautiful  I wounder if he've also seen it.
Recording vocals tomorrow, apparently this ep is sounding awesome  it doesn't seem right that i've not even heard it yet.
someone is sleepng oin our house tonight. achie aivi 
working on show prep for tonight. Tonight is gonna be fun! 
Wants to go to prom tonight again! 
@Dannymcfly have a good show tonight danny! pleasee say hi to meee  you would make me the ahppiest person ever ? i loveee you!!  xx ?
having indian take away for dinner tonight. my dads away at a conference so we're just relaxing 
@moynes @kmacp homemade pasta tonight = thnxu guys! 
Sing it loud was awesome tonight even with all the technical difficulties 
woooo. bruins and celts did their part tonight 
tonight was fun. haha. my sister is a spaz..but i love her. beths cool too i guess. haha. 
I'm flying solo at citywalk tonight, come keep me company! 
Tonight is the perfect weather. The perfect weather to eat lasagna 
Doing hommmework! hehe sleepover at rach's tonight!!  Home on ThursdaYY!
Tonight was a REALLY good night 
my stomach is bothering me again. one tree hill was awesome tonight! anywho. gnight. 
It's no good, I'm going to have to make a move and go to work *sigh* but hurrah, star trekking tonight. YAyyy 
@aplusk You went pillow hunting tonight ehh ?   They got you wore out ?
@heidiheartshugs i know it was weird hey! not used to it lol.. have fun shopping tonight 
@LMarle great pick on the projects!  Tonight was a solllid night in the gym for me as well 
@lilstace121 have fun with that!! i had sticky date pudding tonight  yum!!
Tonight: ESC Semifinals part 2! 
Hanging with my best friend today and going to an amazing family dinner tonight! 
@TommyUrgal : release party tonight  What are you doing tonight ??&lt;3
I wonder if screamo hottie pants kyle will be at the show tonight 
Schools gonna be awfulll. But then paradeeee tonight 
@_ORen I'll join you in the screaming tonight 
Thrift shopping sounds like a great plan for tonight 
@Kalvinmusic its a creative symposium through the advertising club! see ya tonight!! 
craving satisfied! yay!  except now reek of garlic. yay for me... but i feel sorry for anyone i talk to tonight.  
@jojorara  I'll be sky watching tonight
had the ''last word'' tonight! Haha 
@spshellk lol okay and no i aint havin a sleep over tonight but most likely tomorrow night thoo. 
So many cameos on snl tonight 
Eurovision final tonight  so funny
@SuzanneReed started with reggae tonight...i think i'll play a little bit of everything tonight...what're u upto beautiful? 
I got to drive a mustang tonight !!!! 
@SaraStoneXXX sweet ! somebody had too much fun tonight !! I don't drink 
About to go to sleep, spring show was amazing tonight,    goodnight ppls.    love ya!
The moms are drunk tonight 
was happy to see michelle and scott tonight!!! yay. 
@Landfrau thank you!  she is so tired tonight, had a very big saturday, lots of bike riding! 
battery bout to die... tonight was cool, still out here in the city drinkin and ish 
thinks @toddstfu is being a baby and hopes his big gulp rocks him to sleep tonight  thank you, that is all.
Tonight was wonderful  &lt;3
Aw, that was the cutest thing I have ever seen! I had lotsa fun tonight 
@kyleandjackieo &amp; gaga on rove tonight 
@Jonasbrothers omg! good luck..tonight rocks..is the best song of the album!! see ya in mty 
lets see if i can fall asleep tonight! 
We're watching #eurovision tonight, so we won't be on for long. But we do want to give something away before we go 
Tonight was perfect 
@CateP36 It makes for a welcome distraction.  Anything exciting planned for tonight?
Like hella white and get buck tonight as @tycody taught me 
@tmorello thanks for the awesome show tonight!!! 
Yaay south park movie tonight 
sleeping sort-of early tonight. 
soccer game tonight 
had a great hungry man breakfast with the kids.... what to do today? Ahh think we will go get sparklers they'll like those for tonight! 
 concert later tonight!
baked stuffed lobsters at jrouth's tonight 
all's quiet on twitter tonight 
@akaisling p.s. wear something plaid tonight. it always works 
Going to have dinner. I'm tired of studying. Btw too much study isn't good for my health xD Tonight we'll have pizza  YAY
I have to finish my environ quiz by 8pm tonight. I'm going to go read the rest of the chapter now. 
shower, nap and then star trek later tonight 
. i hear you are talking shit about me and my girls. you better  tonight. i hope you like vodka on your shirt 
party thing tonight 
@futuredirected  I agree...and was able to catch that moment of news while playing with my four year old tonight. TY for the heads up 
@GracieKendal woot congrats on your Tonight live appearance 
I got to spend the entire evening with her tonight, which went better than expected...ok, honestly, it was quite amazing 
i have this intense feeling that i'm going to be sleeping very good tonight 
guess i will stick to the web tonight 
Forever the sickest kids &amp; a rocket to the moon, show tonight was so sick!!! &lt;3 I had so much fun!!!!  my ears are still ringing!
just figured out how to work his webcam tonight!  best decision ever   and no, not because of that you pervs...
up late, john fogerty was the bestt, all nighter tonight while watching grey's anatomy 
whoa! i think i've eaten a lot.. maybe i won't eat dinner tonight 
tea with becdizzle, alex + her gang at hogsbreath tonight. no steak for me please  haha
Sleeping on a couch tonight, in the comfiest sleeping bag ever. 
@HelloNatalia sounds like a blast  I saw jon tonight...he looked pretty
Home  Tonight will always be remembered... 
back in work again! monday is here! anyone going to #geekup preston tonight? 
had so much fun tonight! thanks everyone! 
@itskevinsito thanks for smiling tonight! see, smiling is so much fun. 
will be working on my slicehost tonight, will see if i can get mirb working  wish me luck
I had fun w/ bestfriend tonight...he makes me laugh  lol
im making fancy dinner tonight 
tonight could have been a complete disaster. but it wasn't 
@colinlieu what? mine have been.  I know, it can only get better. I will try and sleep tonight if my new baby doesn't wake me every hour!
90210 Tonight 
@axeman73 wahoooo, nice one  big party tonight huh?
@digitalcampaign speaking of which I will be heading down to newcastle tonight...will be funny to see their reactions to the fulham game 
being a package maintainer tonight 
heading to the beach tonight- sayonara tweeties! 
I am now ZIPPING IT - for real - otherwise I'm for the chop at college tonight - no thankies. Might see me later aligator 
I'm glad I get to watch the match at work tonight. Looks like I won't be doing much tonight 
Woot. Looks like I'll be watching the last 2 episodes to 24, season 7 tonight 
@thedanyoung i'm sorry for bad dreams. :/ sleep welll tonight. 
lookin forward to tonight.... 
@custardmedia Sure thing!  I'll send her a little note for you under the pillow tonight~  
Debating what songs to sing at karaoke tonight 
Tonight was fun. Eating dumplings and steak sandwiches while watching skins and scrubs  dickys special sauce was so spicey!
grrr..... i slept from 3 to 10!   hohohoho no sleep tonight!
@seanwestonline I am going to check the schedule and contact you by tonight, thnx again 
@wolwol is it your b'day party tonight ? a lot of food  yummy ...
Penguins won tonight  up 2-0 now
Tonight was a good show. I still love listening to ownage.  Britlee &lt;3
is looking forward to the dinner date with his baby G tonight.  (not the watch!)
feeling sorry for adam, haha looking forward till chinese tonight + i won a star trek warp ball. 
@ash_phillips am i seeing you at some point tonight? 
Hey @JBCP how was whiskey dix tonight? 
@kindofabigboise nice to meetcha tonight. 
sam staying tonight 
packing... will be in amsterdam tonight... bringing a friend with me to come and play 
@broganss yeah i'll watch it when i have a spare minute, maybe later tonight if i dont have anything else to do 
@vickytcobra coming to the manchester show tonight, can't wait!  hope you feel better soon xoxo
Home, tired. Tonight was a great way to start off my summer 
Morning #spotify session. Looking forward to the prom tonight, wondering if the food will be good 
So what's everyone up to tonight? 
so very tired. must stop staying up late to read books. at least i can sleep while mike takes josh to bed tonight 
@roulla Bit grouchy tonight Roulla? 
Tonight babysit the adorable 4yearold Dominique, who absolutely adores me 
Tonight!! 
yess, it's friday. lake tonight!! 
happy, cause boyfriend will come over and tuck me in tonight 
work then beach at 1 with liz!  i am going to be so sunburnt tonight and i don't even care.
@xleanne24x loves itttt.  working tonight, so text me over the weekend and let me know? x
@Jadeforthewin come say hey in cardiff  oxforddd tonight!!! 
@tayezzy  and keep tweetin'!  it helps...    hey - I'm comin your way tonight!!
whiskey night tonight 
can't believe it's here already! graduation tonight 
I am still in bed, going to the theatre tonight, and can wear HEELS because andrew is tall 
at joannas graduation. pretty sure I won't be ready in time for tonight. great 
ooooo B2 does look lovely - tea lights, chandeliers, nice round tables, sexy lighting - tonight's show is going to be intimate! 
is excited for jive and wail tonight!! 
got done skating. when i get home... i'm gonna take a nap so i can stay awake at the drive in tonight. 
everything is just trouble  going to a friend tonight 
@LouiseMayes oh yes - i think she will be celebrating with her mates tonight lol - i will have a drink to her myself 
www.tbt.com artist of the day Not Tonight Josephine... do you guys like our new promo photo??? let me know! 
Heading to #brown09 tonight, excited to see @jenegade @sbenthall @vijoumama &amp; so many others. hope to run into @katebornstein @ tbgala. 
Tonight is going to be fun fun fun ..   
lovely to catch up with everyone @mtub tonight.. so much fun.. 
can't wait to go out!!!! I want to get absolutely off my face tonight please!!!  been one of those weeks...
I hope there's a thunderstorm tonight! 
@adamwc I'm just having fun tonight. I'm batting 3 for 3 tonight with the 4th batter at the plate. 
Smores by the fire tonight!!! 
Tonight.will.be.the.night.that.i.will.fall.for.you.over.agaaaaaiiin.don't.need.to.change.my.mind. - love this song ; fall for you  &lt;3
Juuuus got home. Tonight was funnn 
@NorCalChika such a good movie, I havent seen that in forever I might have to watch that tonight too 
The dream team with @nickcholasxd dominated pong 3-0 for tonight 
Gets to see my bo bo Tonight!!!! 
5K run tonight followed by a 700m swim 
@magickalrealism Do eeet! I'll add a recommended reading list later on tonight, too - since obviously I won't be sleeping 
I'll be on from 1am to 6am tonight! got some prod to do as well so I'll be in and out lol 
Is going to bed a happy little girl tonight 
I'm on fire tonight  buahaha
is going to go see a flick tonight with eric 
@sirced Just for that comment, we are going to win tonight 
@tracyer let me buy you a drink! and villy too! you guys should come out to d&amp;b's tonight 
I hit 500 updates  that was my goal for tonight...okay I can go to sleep accomplished!  #OSTFTW still!
@kanniej i would share  sadly 2 is my limit tonight
@redbanshee It's funny you say that, I'm already 3/4 in costume to go see TRHPS at a big local cinema tonight. 
I got to see and talk to my host family tonight!  good night...oh and i saw a fox at the park.
@DavidArchie glad you had a fun time tonight. I was at an outdoor concert in the rain tonight..it was fun! haha G'night 
Is happy the housemates cleaned up after tonight's soiree 
Tonight was fun!!  I saw some familar faces, old faces, and new faces! There were a lot of faces. I'm going to miss you @sarahsuek!!
i doubt my tweeting has anything to do with the crowd tonight but thanks to everyone for eating at selma's tonight. made so many salads 
Hoping the old voice pulls through with trumps tonight, not feeling tip top. CAPESIDE will have fun tonight 
@RyanSeacrest you're tweeting an awful lot tonight.... I've never heard this much from you at once... I like it 
ok...done for tonight i think  time to relax then crash for tonight. gotta be fresh for my speaking gig ;) @virtualedge tomorrow #ve09
it's you and me forever, it's you and me right now (this song has been stuck in my head for dayssss) btw tonight was so fun  tacky rocksss
Is gonna shoot some stuff tonight 
http://www.thewordpressdoctor.com/ has finally launched tonight - enjoy the current and ongoing WordPress information! 
Tonight was amazing! 
Tonight was fun...going to bed...need my beauty rest...tomorrow night is gonna be another long one but I'll enjoy every minute of it! 
thinks she might go to dinner with mum tonight 
tonight was fuuuuuun @ahhitsaaron @jamesizzle @dwayneparker @avrobro &amp; jackie. goodnight tweeterhoes. a|x, 2morrow then swim party 
I made a new friend tonight! Yayy 
getting ready early.. ready for some hardcore mafia tonight.  
Tonight was way fun. Thanks to @jescakate for coming with me 
::Home. So glad I hung in there and waited for the late flight. I will be in my bed tonight. 
@hedra  I forgot to grab them from baby girls' room tonight so I'll be doing them tomorrow... I dry, but will try line drying this summer
great tweeps, excellent convo tonight as we helped @pamslim celebrate her impromptu book tour start 
@doncity exactly  I poured out some liquor for 'em tonight LOL
Anyone want a dedication before I go to sleep tonight? 
is looking forward to #avenueq tonight... yes I still love puppets 
@JoshuaJaegar  what it earlier tonight you see the turban segment!
excited for tonight...ron stoppable all the way! 
is looking forward to a wicked parteee tonight! Might even get a bit drunk  Lets get this!!
@DaniWright I had a gig in hollywood tonight and just got in.....but I will be doin some serious sleeping in  What time are we leaving?
making pizza tonight 
@willielongnthik I was sleeping cuz I passed out from happy hour haha  I just got up so I can sleep outside tonight. 
I did a shot tonight. 
Up earlier than usual hoping that I'll sleep tonight 
@Joshyxspicenz really? i havent seen that  what u doin tonight?
#twtpole happening tonight! pole dancing for guys and girls at mardi gras, 1utama 9pm 
@ALOliver its already done have everything x for @siobhanoliver tonight 
Tonight I shall make choclate pie 
tonight was off the hook! another adventure to put in the books! love you baby b &amp; eddie pep 
is going to try to stay awake for david/ellen tonight 
at kenneth copeland tonight! sooo good!! 
Morning everyone! I'm on E4 tonight at 10pm 
