Most common words for this cluster:
[('too', 473), ('today', 32), ('day', 20), ('lol', 19), ('work', 18), ('http', 17), ('time', 16), ('com', 14), ('night', 14), ('things', 11), ('year', 10), ('week', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Too', 0.9999375939369202), (u'too', 0.698036253452301), (u'Very', 0.5779272317886353), (u'How', 0.5357049703598022), (u'Not', 0.5079203844070435), (u'Awfully', 0.4899674355983734), (u'Terribly', 0.48857754468917847), (u'Excruciatingly', 0.48318055272102356), (u'Pity', 0.48210960626602173), (u'so', 0.4793742895126343)]





@rustyrockets do I sense a blog coming on?  Too bad I have to leave in like 10 mins   xxx
@zenojones I can't go to sleep... Too much to do, too little time  long week ahead of me! And ok I'll get u hat lol
I love it when class gets cancelled! Too bad it's my 2nd of 3 classes of the day so I still have to stay for my 1st &amp; last ones 
In floridaaaaaaaaaa. Too bad our tvs didn't work on jet blue! 
@itplatform too little, too late. Too bad 
@radiojoe yeah i was happy with the season. Too bad it looks like it might be canceled.  Hopefully not.
I absolutely do not want to wake up. Too bad that we can't always get what we want 
But, I forgot to take photos of everybody. Too bad! 
@Apuje  lol! Too girly?
Is tired but can't get to sleep. Too much going on 
My legs are actually killing me and my neck  Too much vigarous dancing!
I want this for my cats! Too bad shipping is so expensive  http://tinyurl.com/dn8s7e
I hate bus rides. Mostly just the people on the bus. Too many idiots 
Really sucks with this cold. Too drained to want to sit and code or game or do anything involving though 
@TheKingOfSpain Too many wrinkles 
had fun with her roomie and her friends! Too bad I have to work early tomorrow! 
Nothing like powerleveling in the morning. Too bad it was cut short because I had to work. 
@kc_74074 maybe you're right!!! Too bad she doesn't want to get her hair wet.  I told her I was willing to try some.
can't wait for the day when my bed has to kick me out of it.  Too bad it'll never happen 
For some reason, I am craving coffee now! Too bad I'm going to sleep soon 
Nixing the beach for the backyard. Too much to do around the house today. 
@amethystaitken whhhaaa? No! Too much!! 
@StaciDucote 2% is a fallacy. Too high!! 
Putting the finishing touches on the perfect little black dress. Too bad I have no where to wear it. 
@jennadesigns Not in school.. This is some kind of architecture related accreditation exam! Eeeeeek. Too much to memorize! 
&lt;-----Is soo sleepy...Too sleepy to have to stay at work 
At the beach with the roomies.. Too bad it's freezing and cloudy 
My badminton club just lost the cup final.  Too bad, they started off real well, but that wasn't enough.
We had a beautiful rainbow in front of our house. Too bad it was too light to get a good picture. 
@mrfresh_2def lol but its for a good cause tho! Too see my bestie!  SHould i skip? or no?
@Samphis Too late! We just wrapped up. 
I just had the most awesome weekend with the most awesome guy ever.  Too bad it had to end.  
@RoamingGnome74 yeah, the hawks definatly deserve it. Too bad the bulls didn't win 
@Kmcreary it sure is! Too many things to consider! I have no clue what to write lol! 
Working on pre-production planning for documentary. Or trying to. V tired and sneezy.  Not swine flu! Too much dust here.
@perpetualspiral Too easy to lose work when a site times out or has an issue. I haven't had that problem happen to me though, sorry. 
@jowie It sort of turned into an inside one. Too cold, no sun and even a little rain   Still, it *is* a bank holiday, so traditional ;)
ran 15km in 1hr 40. Too slow and now can't walk properly 
He think he's sooooo slick!!! It's funny..... Too bad it's almost over wit 
@CharleneBx   I didn't get a reply to the video.    Too bad, because I would have loved to have known his thoughts/reaction. 
I have a headache. Too mush sun 
I just got my E3 badge!  Too bad I won't be able to make it down there.. 
LOVES hiphop dancing. Too bad i'm so uncoordinated 
That was an absolutely marvelous episode. Too bad it's over. 
is still awake?! Too much on my mind 
PS: not many tweets 'cos of basement.  I should do time-lapse pics of progress.  Too late to show sokoban-like original state, however. 
@NBomb Too bad you're playing a game I don't have. 
@mariaandros I'd help, but I can't read the menu. Too blurry. 
lickystickypickymevia lovemesomecoffee) This game is wicked cool. Too short though.  http://ff.im/-2XVJy
@flyingcocoon thats nice to hear! Too bad i missed it 
Last night session revealed Eventlet did work. But their Nginx hub did not and it feels experimental and abandoned. Too bad 
Last night was a lot of fun.  Too bad it had to end so soon 
Another amazing day today!  No rain and gorgous out!  Too bad I have to spend it inside doing laundry 
@colinloretz thats extreme! Too bad i just left breakfast. 
gymnastics time! Too bad i'm on my rest week  
I love driving through the mountains with the windows down and music up. Too bad the drive was to work. 
AMAZING service, great lunch. Too bad no time for my nap 
@JSpikEThinG damn!  I haven't even grubbed on some suopper yet.  Too lazy and I don't do fast food anymore.  
Why do I even bother putting on lotion to moisturize my skin when it gets moisturized by sweat already? Too hot today 
@bigfatmaggot Awww. Too bad for you. 
Theres nothing like the taste of a home cooked breakfast. Too bad i get microwave sausage biscuits...... 
@Sarahcecilia91 Lets go. I dont need this!  Too much work to do. 
Today seems like a good day to play hooky. Too bad I can't. 
I may actually order a #drobo and droboshare this week. Too bad it won't be for myself.  
@bassguitar65 They are so cute.  Too bad hopefully by then I'll be nannying someplace and won't be able to have one 
@amds007  thanks for reposting. you're awesome! let's work to find all the @lostnmissing . Too many missing loved ones 
10 days and im free. Too long 
@skhisma Holy cow. An hour heads' up. Too bad I'm at home today. 
Its true, the one you love &amp; the one who loves you is never the same person. Too much for me right now 
Me tired... Too busy. I had to remote into work to fix something. 
It's 3:11!!! Too bad its a.m. 
@hgandhi It's actually so so - But the weathers making a hell of a difference. Too much to do 
@stormwarning oh interesting!  Too bad I don't have an iphone. 
Its my last day of school hooray!!!! Too bad i still have 2 finals to take 
@anadeau No golf this weekend  Too busy with the previous stuff, how goes the band?
@lolamontgomery: Awwww!  Too bad.  
On the train to downtown chicago. Too bad its cold and rainy and i forgot my jacket 
@lrbolton But I am still on the fence.  At this point I can't care anymore. Too exhausting.
Almost done with my take home test and ready for a nap. Too bad I don't have enough TIME for one... 
I am soo happy its finally the weekend! Too bad for working tomorrow though 
@RuthieGledhill    awful, awful reading. Too appalling for words
Probably 1 of the greatest moments of my life. Too bad it isn't on youtube   http://www.tudou.com/programs/view/chF8TxjWF9o/
Looks like it's just stress related... Too much drama in her life right now.  Thanks everyone for the support.
Ugh. Too much happened today. I really need a hug 
Today feels like friday. Too bad its not 
@UltraSub Too much details !!!    (But glad he is better)
I really, really want a golden retriever. Too bad I won't be living in a home where she could run around for about 10 years 
@bex_1210 holy crap, I need to see that! Too bad I gotta wait until tomorrow 
@alshepmh yeeeeeessss I can't wait! Too bad I can't drink 
@skyladawn Exactly. She becomes completely incapable of anything unless he's there helping her. Too many of those are out there. 
@TysonDueck Too bad. 
@moriagerard I haven't had one for a long time. Too expensive 
Just recollecting my jog this a.m. - almost perfect except unkown type hanging out by my vehicle.  Too much mental noise- only 6 mile jog 
Just realised i am a very angry person in georgia. Too groggy and uncomfortable and i still haven't driven! 
@joeymcintyre Just wondering if you are going to put &quot;One Too Many&quot; on itunes.  I hope you do, it is the only cd of yours I don't have. 
But i dont mind the long line when theres a super cutie in front of me. Too bad he's wearing a gay bracelet with a girls name on it 
Going to buffalo wild wings to meet up with my best friends I haven't seen in forever! Too bad I can't eat the food 
Finally got my money. Too bad it goes to bills 
@mlexiehayden How would I know if u didn't tell me??? Too busy cakin to pay me any attention 
@MikeyisCool Me Too 
@stephsmith  I know the feeling. Too far and not in the budget for this year
Car won't start!  I'm going to fight with it around 3ish! Too excited @jennknitsalot
@baconpops Hate to say it, but a friend of mine said he got some BaconPops and wasn't impressed.    Too bad, it's a great concept!
Still studying. This is why I have 6 straight A's this semester. Too bad I'm not guaranteed a job once I graduate.. 
@asamiramirez yeah I would love to check it out in person!  It looks so neat! Too bad noone I know has it! LOL I wish! 
At work, wishing I was off...It is gorgeous today!!  Too bad I can't spend it in the backyard with the husband and the puppy!  
I love top chef. Too bad richhard didnt win  #top chef
@BritniSherlock Too bad they probably don't have any books about pink sink 
@30SECONDSTOMARS that's awesome! Too bad I can't make any of the others either  #marsiscoming
Yay, bubble tea and pizza for lunch! And beautiful weather! Too bad I have to work more  after this 
Yay, bubble tea and pizza for lunch! And beautiful weather! Too bad I have to work more after this  http://twitter.com/aieliileia/stat ...
busy day, wedding/graduation/birthday all for the same family. Too bad I can't go to the function in junction. I have so much fun there. 
@ShonaBarnthouse Too late. Giggitygone 
@AaronTell Too much work 
Finally opened my violin case after a week and a half. Too much going on with the end of school to even think about playing. 
yrd sale over. Too bad not all sold 
@frazier310 that sounds fun. Too bad my car is in the shop.  and too bad @eGlamourPhoto is really busy all day cause I'll go with him
Aww I wanna go see passion pit tonighttt! Its only 13 bucks. Too bad I can't 
@bravetinsoldier i was thinking the same thing! Too bad we cant play together online. 
going to seymour in a a couple a hours  Too bad the twitter stopped working on my phone.
Just being sensitive... Wish we could go to kalama to see wendy/ryan. Too bad chris makes all those decisions 
@sccastaneda http://twitpic.com/6an8b - Too cute my bank sucks 
@SingleGal    Too bad you live so far away.  Otherwise I'd be there.
I think my neighbors are dead &amp; left 89.3 turned on. Too bad it sounds like it's tuned to 89.4 
@mofca Too bad you're not playing closer. I've got nothing to do. Too far to go now. 
only 6.5 days left . ! ... Too many projects to be done by monday 
Oh lord, I think I'm in love with him. Too bad 1) he's not my age and 2) he's taken 
4 out of 14 projects that I need to get done in the next 3 weeks are completed! Too bad they were the easy ones! 
I never want to see a can of tuna again as long as I live, or a tomato for that matter. Too bad I see them everyday 
I am a gregarious being, I love connecting with people...  Too bad very few people understand that.
Gravity app for S60 is pretty slick. Too bad it costs 10 bucks 
It's so nice out todayyy ! Too bad I'm working 
The beach is soooo turqoise and wavvy right now I feel like I'm in hawaii. Too bad its so cold 
I am not aging gracefully.Too many health problems. 
Home from backyard camping! It was raining hard and crazy windy but we were champs and stayed in the tent! Too bad my bum hurts. 
@borret Still 35% according to my analytics. Too big of a group to use your idea @allelbows 
Two nights in a row without a bottle for Adrian. Too soon to celebrate, but I have hope! This kid will be off the bottle soon. I hope. 
Almost done laundry, next step - brunch - groceries - off to baptism @ 5.. Ahhh can't wait for this day to be over.. Too hot for me 
Never gonna juggle again! Too complicating 
@BLUEBOI226 LOL.... I went out for drinks last night. Too bad my partner didn't want to drink. I hate drinking alone! 
@adamcrei *jealous* - always meant to do that while I was in town.  Too late now 
@ChrisIsSoGreat I blame you for my sudden interest in hockey. Too bad we have to wait til fall to go to a game!  haha
looking forward to E3. Too bad I couldn't actually be there. 
How hard is it to work when it is soooo hot outside! Too hard... 
@eksinclair That sucks hard. Too bad about your garage location v house. I can keep my bikes in house 
sun sun sun! Too bad i cant enjoy it  im just watchin gilmore girls....
@fhgrl33 also a good one!  Too bad she's done .... for the season... 
@MChaitman so cute! Too bad about his cold 
is actually gutted that we couldn't have a top 60 this year. Too many bands so close together and some good friends here have missed out 
Trying not to get nauseous. Too much crap is going on 
Hanging by the pool an hot tub!! Too bad its not warm enough to go swimming.. 
@allison_liang Too late. We've already bankrupt Americans for generations to come. 
my shoulder is on fire. Too much painting with an already damaged shoulder. even simple computer stuff is causing extreme pain today. 
these classes are intense. Too intense for summer anyway 
Knotts or yearbook? I don't think I can get both  Too expensiveee.
@TheAngelForever I will! We've seen them every year since 2001 except for 2005 when I was pregnant. Too many fans smoke pot. 
@Theghostof1000 I take it that it was a winner? Too bad I missed it 
@dsoulchild nothin will ever be as cute as sean. Too bad we will never see him again 
http://twitpic.com/6g1x8 - It was a cute top. Too bad it was too tight at the boobs 
@iJake I wanna see that so bad! Too bad I'm working 
I need to get busy. Too bad it's 11:30pm... 
@she_shines92 I've never been center but I don't think I will be  Too much competition for rail. We'll get there as early as possible but
where is there a place i can have strangers read my secrets? Too many people know me here now 
Pretty sure no one will notice if I just leave. Too bad I could never get away with it. 
@scarytales I really wish we could, but they're going to end up getting big. Too big for our low tiny-dog style back yard fence. 
my cousin and i never agree on anything, but we can finally agree that we both can't wait 2 c new moon in november. Too far away 
In a meeting for a prototype. Too many meetings again. Enough work is waiting 
The air-conditionning doesn't work at the office, this morning...Too hot 
@JasonBradbury As long as they don't phase out the controller then everything will be fine =D Too much of a good thing makes people fat 
@stephenchavez yezzir! Too bad u can't go... 
calling up the client. She is up by 5am and fresh. Too bad I'm never fresh when i get up 
Watched the best movie in the world last night. Too bad my nick missed it. 
Ouch..... Too much sun   http://twitgoo.com/mo1d
I miss carrying my son everywhere.  Too hot and to heavy now... #babywearing maybe next cool day I'll take a short stroll with the mei tai
@MicJack91 ah man mike i know the waltz too! I wanted to danxe with you!! Too bad i'm not going to prom 
Wow guys, I miss so much when I go to work! Too bad they block twitter there...  But then I'd never get anything done... :-P
is currently into Malaysian music. Too bad I can't translate the songs into English. 
is currently into Malaysian music. Too bad I can't translate the songs into English.  http://plurk.com/p/y03dy
Just ran over a rabit  Too sad now
@WeTheTRAVIS I want to see it soooooo bad! I should have gone with you. Too bad im all the way in california. 
Just trying an update from my phone. Too bad I'm with sasktel so I can't get things delievered to me!! 
@jhooo sake bombbbbbbbbb!!! Too bad my flight is tomorrow morning. 
@yvettedownunder would love to but my babe HATES the car. Too far with a screaming baby @ this point 
@aeleenw hi. I have one meeting and one production and I'm coming straight back home to sleep. Too sick... 
@sherinamunaf I was also lonely @ ps 30 minutes ago! Too bad i'm now in the bus already 
@madout1 lol lol mustve been crazy... Too bad I dnt remember 
I decided against twitter text alerts. I was rudely awakened this morning. Too early. 
@joshmishell @fmajowich looks like #weibe got a kill screen last night sometimes and didn't beat the record. Too bad.. 
I really wish I never took yearbook.. Too much damn work 
@JitterGram I love root beer floats and the free part makes them even better. Too bad....no sonics here 
@theCraigWright LOL!!!! and   ouch!  Too funny....I'm glad you are feeling a bit better...
Not motivated to work! Too tired 
Feeling Lied Too 
I don't keep up with twitter that much anymore.  Too much life!  
@inkandneedle There was one last year that was so phenomenally bad.  Too bad I can't remember the title   #marketingfail
It's a great morning for a run. Too bad my foot still hurts. 
I get to teach a lab in the fall!!!  Too bad it won't pay for so I can leave the damn taco shack 
is loving this weather.  Too bad it won't last through the weekend 
@karmacakedotca  How was the MoRoCo thing last night?  Too bad I wont see you at #patiofriday.   
So stressed i could cry... Too late 
@CharbelYoussef awe thank you charby. Too bad vicodin n breastfeeding don't mix  it's all in my nerve n shit
I work up the best idea's for my books and blog posts when I'm driving. Too bad gass is so high$$ 
&quot;The coffee you refer to will soon be back in our hands. &quot; Too bad, I'm drinking it anyway. Last coffee of the day done. I am sad. 
I could go for an iced coffee. Or food. Too bad i cant eat  company would be nice lol. I hate being sick
I'm writing.  For fun.  That's right!  No deadline, no work, just fun. Too bad shiny purple netbook didn't arrive today  That would be fun
Ugh. Too many huge-ass spiders. 
No backpacks from #nfjs this year. Too bad 
The garden looks beautiful! Too bad you can't see it!  
I laughed a lot but it was a bust. Too much vulgar nonsense for me. 
@NKOTBahamas2009  I was watching the game on tv and I saw that too!!!  I got so excited!  Too bad my phils lost 
@JackAllTimeLow thanks for the guitar pick hottie, I got the best pic of you. Too bad the venue didn't let you have a signing 
-- I'm bored. Too early to go to bed, possibly getting a cold 
I'll prob be here cause I'm not going to the derby  Too much going on at home! xx
I can't sleep and I have to be up at 7:30.  Too many thoughts. 
@OliBogue Too much sport distracting me, so not very well  Ah well, at least the weather's awful so I'm not tempted to leave the house.
SHITTT!! Too much chilli sauce in my mi goreng...fuk my tongue/mouth is on fire 
@PolarMolar excellent time hanging. Too bad you bailed to hang with rachel. 
@ginacena @aah1981 glad to see y'all had a good time last night! Too bad it rained again 
Today, cuzin ifah,nisa,kamarun came. Too sad i can't play too much with them because i sick  - http://tweet.sg
Meeting w/ friends to write some songs for me to record.  Too bad I'm too old for 'Idol'! 
@TwoSeasideBabes what an adorable hat! Too bad my daughter is 14 
The steelers are playing baseball across the street!! Too bad I'm at work 
I'm tired. I didn't sleep well last night. Too much shit to worry about. I still got up at 5am thinking I had work today 
@modbird Ah no way!! Too bad they're wwaaayyy too expensive for me 
Headed WAY out to the country for a get-together this afternoon. Too bad it's raining... 
Trying to stay awake, even though sickness makes me want to sleep.  Too much sleep is bad for this old body! 
@rilana I did the same a few weeks ago cause my game kept freezing up. Too many testing cheats and hacked objects, I think. 
I don't think anyone's going to be going to the carnival tonight. It kinda looks gross outside. Too bad I have to work. 
Is engaged in a battle with youtube and forever-cutting-out school internet  Too broke to get a cable.
I was invited to one of my student's birthday party! Too cute! Too bad I couldn't make it! 
Gorgeous day outside. Too bad I am struck inside with a head cold. 
I've had more free cocktails training at work these past 5 days than I've had the last 2 years of my life.  Too bad training's over 
@g3org7a Yay, wifi! Too bad you had a buy a new modem. 
@spalongal I'm excited!  Too bad we were all way too tired to swim after all the work. 
This makes me want to make more jewelry!! Too bad I need to start thinking about packing instead. 
@tswiftlover13 I really wish you could come to the ts concert with us! Too bad you're going the night before 
Kings! Best game ever! Too bad I'm not playing! 
@DjSlippe @missparys twitter love!!  Too bad ur phone is broken sage was singin again n I bbmed it to u ps @missparys I never saw our pix 
just getting to sleep. Too much on my mind  and i have to wake up at 6:00 tomorow! gaaahddddd!
I hate pathetic people. I'm such a hater.  Too bad IDONTGIVEAFUCK.
Tacos sounds good... Too bad my lip really hurts 
At work feeling like crap. I need to go home and get in the bed for the rest of the day. Too bad I have to give a final exam tonight. 
So glad i went to senior awards!!!!!!! Too bad mis amigos got into a fight.      
Just watching stomp and thinking it SO Would've been worth the price of tickets!!Too late now though i guess 
I wish i could sleep with berlin but i think i would end up laying on top of him and suffocating him. Too bad  i already miss him 
@oisin1001 awesome!! Too mad I missed it  lux is my best buddy : D
@secretagentmama i am glad u had fun! Too bad none of our gadgets caught anything 
Catfish are so cute! Too bad my grandpas gonna cook him 
How did i manage to find a set of 5 cars driving 100 mph. I like them! Too bad i have to stop for gas soon 
@shrinkingsadie that's what everybody been suggesting!! Too bad I don't have $20 
@meredithdavis I love skype. Too bad my mic stopped working. 
hates it that time just bleeds out like a hemorrhage. Too much to do, not enough time. 
Eating too much muffin batter . . . Too bad the last batch tasted like crap 
@Plumespixie Too bad.  it would probably make the world a better place.
@DannyTRS sweeet. Too bad my harddrive died and can't watch. sigh. (sent from ancient ibook that can't handle vid) 
@joeytoofresh yes I did it was really good! Too bad I accidentally knocked    @joyinstyle ice cream cone 
just got home. Now, i'm lying on the couch. Too lazy to change or even just to gup in my room. i don't want to do my geom hw..  and i  ...
seriously had the best weekend of my life. shower &amp; bach party, family in town, catch rays at the pool. Too bad it is over 
Lol this is the craziest most awesome dog. He slept in my bed alnight last night. Too bad he'll go home today 
can't sleep. Too many things going on in my head.  http://plurk.com/p/114wqh
sunburn is much better today. I'm not hurting near as bad. Too bad I still haven't gotten much done around the house!! 
In need of a nap. Too bad I don't have time 
OH: In need of a nap. Too bad I don't have time  http://tinyurl.com/noxura
@evieness That looks good and reminds me it's lunchtime here. Too bad there are no rib places nearby 
@ToriMacLean nice posts to read! Too bad I'm in meetings all afternoon 
One more hour of work then a week off! Too bad its to recover from my wisdom teeth. So scared! 
was super sick three hours ago...Now feeling great. Too bad I called in sick already... 
Continuing to rock out to sjb before heading to pallades to bike off the gut. Too bad i cant participate in butts and guts 
Wow, it is so nice out. Too bad I'm on my way to class for three hours 
@knittingpatch I'm afraid to look!  Too many other expenses right now.  
http://bit.ly/xxPDM  I want it. Too bad it's only conceptual right now 
@mimiandkarl I'll second that  Too difficult to head out if it rains.
@ParentResource That is so sad! For the father and the daughter, as well. Too bad protection services intervened too late. 
@troytaylor86 &quot;Not Acceptable: Too many concurrent requests for this user: 99&quot;.....thats what happens when i copy and paste 
@21theproducer I dig that! Too long to retweet though! 
@miguelstancer thank you for posting those links. I was really wondering what it was like. Too bad I couldn't be there 
@jessbabe I doubt I'll b goin either... Too expensive 
Watching the shining. Too tired to do anymore work. So much stuff to do tomorrow. I'm so over stress 
Sometimes I don't like my internship...Too much to do... 
I have sooooo many things to get done. Too much workload. 
feels like her head is going to explode! Too much stress and worry, wish i wasn't such an emotional person 
Is inlove with my VACATION!!! Too bad it only last a week 
@APStylebook Amen! As a gun owner, I appreciate that you get it right on the basic facts. Too bad journalists writing stories don't. 
@tidygraphic We have to put a permit in each day and we both just forgot. Too late  sucks ass - they check like once a month....
my coffee cup has been returned! Too bad the coffee in our kitchen is bitter and bad tasting 
@philkirby should prove popular--more popular than the non-fict. display was  Too bad--there was good stuff there
It's a bust. Too many teeny-boppers...   But we'll always have yesterday lol...
This new trackball got me feeling like a million bucks! Too bad my fone cant git right 
@maddygb omggg I wantto watch it so bad! Too bad we don't get that channel  boo.
It's always good to go home. Too bad my girlfriend can't tag along 
@tuminds I remember @Spangila mentioning it a whiley ago. Too soon after I finish work unfortunately so I won't be able to make it 
Chickened out, so to speak. Too tired and the downpour stopped right after I tweeted 
My first bought lunch in 4 weeks back at work: katsu don of course. Too big, too much 
Working on proposal for tomorrow's meeting - how stimulus $$ will be spent on technology for our campus. Too many options-not enough $$ 
@pinkserendipity lol carbon canyon was weak. Too many cars and isn't all that twisty tip the last three turns at the end 
@never2forgotten Too late   I bought the pre-order so apparently I get in early?
@KalCobalt Too bad you didn't get to see him while down here  *pouts*
@realistwuzhere Just checked out the chatroom. I like it .... Too bad I can't access the other one... 
Should have taken some tylenolPM.  Too late now.  
got caught in icy cold rain. Not going to toning class. Too cold to go back out 
My bed is so war, so comfortable, &amp; I'm SO tired. I really want to curl back up &amp; sleep some more. But I caaaaaaaaaan't. Too much to do 
HUMPDAY!  Too bad there will be no &quot;humping&quot; for me today!  HAHA
@speedyluck LOL you are striving in this economy. Too bad it's hard to find places in this town, so I don't think I will get a cut 
Why are all the sales starting in the middle of the month?! Too far from last payday, and not close enough to the next one! 
Seeing doctors, lawyers and indian chiefs have kept me from twittering as much as I would like to. Too bad this will cont thru next week 
Taking the kids to the gym. Too bad we can't hop in the pool. 
Today's exam was surprisingly not too bad. Too bad I didn't study 
My parents are making fun of me and taking advantage of me since I'm high as a kite. Too much medicine 
@DujourMag Too much tuna is bad for you - mercury 
That meeting was almost as fun as saturday morning math class. Too sleepy today 
No shutout! Yay! Too little too late probably  #cubs
My feet look small in these shoes..... Too bad i wouldnt wear them anywhere besides work 
I feel a lot better! I was sleeping most of today! Too bad I missed a fun day at school today!  
@Rawksy thanks sweetie. Too bad its still hours from being over 
after 3 long days all my papers are finally finished. Too bad I have to start the next group due at the end of next week. 
found out my books have been back ordered. Too bad, I really wanted them this weekend 
I can't tell if my left big is broken or has always been like that. Not much swelling, but can't bend/flex it without pain  Too much blood
@YikesYahooYum @ForbiddenRomanc sometimes I just miss being able to talk to my friends. Too much family time irks me. 
Cleaning my room!! Too much to handle 
@beckybena dinner looked amazing!!! Too bad what I ate wasn't that 
@mizbre I gotta bad ass headache and my nose full like its bout to stop workin  I feel baad.. Too. T
1 year and a half being single... Too much work, too much evrything.. but I need someone. I want a relationship  
@herlastrecord Still haven't listened to the album. Too busy 
is up way too early and not able to get back to sleep.  Too bad the gym doesn't open for another hour 
@zininkleur Too many complaints  so now only subtle green touch, don't like the sight of a green overall haze although the advantages is..
Contract-free tethering on #iphone 3.0. i haz it.  Too much green stuff in my sandwich. i also haz it 
Heading to downtown Charelston for breakfast, touring &amp; shopping! Too bad it's raining 
It is suppose to be 95 degrees today and sunny.  Too bad I am at work so I won't get to enjoy the weather until lunch time. 
@ASIS2009  Won't be attending this year.  Too bad, so sad.  
@shirleyyyy That's excited! Too bad I'm looking at the hotels and they look REALLY expensive! 
One day till me b'day. Too bad I'll be on the road all day.    #trackle
@Gyranthir Too true...  too bad there's nothing that can really be done to stop it...  
@CockyMcFly I feel you on that one. Too bad I have to go to class  school SUCKS!!!
http://twitpic.com/7r21q - my vosac(voices of shadow advanced chorus) crown for making it in. Too bad i had to move and cant do it 
A firefighter was staring at my ass. Too bad it was a woman.  
@SpeshalCrayon Too easy 
@CSfreak yeah, hulu's awesome. Too bad they're starting to delay them next week. 
I want to create. Too bad the pretty things I see in my head never turn out to be pretty when I try to make them real. 
@iamgemmah hahahahaha that's so funny. Too bad the ottobar has no re-entry 
@sinosoul lol ! stalker ! j/k ... ugh, couldn't make it to the F/K exhibition tonight. Too many things going on 
@KennethCK It was awesome! Too bad you're not here 
@aphelionz I prefer codeigniter over kohana, but would use django over them both in a heartbeat. Too bad we don't support python here 
UGH!  Too hot to sleep.  
@rainnwilson I'm dying to see that film. Too bad I still have to wait another two months 
Oh, yay! I just read my twittascope. Not happy right now. I hate conflict. Too much of it and not enough calm to balance me out. 
I had a sweet dream last night. Too bad it's over now; back to reality. 
@emmapask I'm not going to be able to make it tomorrow  Too much packing and preparing to do, but if you are bored you can help us move!?
@vp2008 It was hot! B) Too bad for the owner 
Taking the babies to the doctor today with their buela. Too bad daddy had to work 
At the pool by my lonesome. Too bad @smschulz is a bum and locking herself in her room with prego teenager 
http://twitpic.com/7t2kz - Isn't she lovvveeelllyyyy! Too bad this things costs a small fortune 
TGIF! Too bad I'm at the dentist though 
I just turned down an invite to XLDB  Too many other trips. Especially w/ a long flight to get there.
@TimCAD  I won a contest! and not some superficial one like 'prettiest hair' or anything silly! Too bad I dunno if I can run it on my PC 
http://twitpic.com/7tvhv - this is what caden made for his daddy. Too bad its not true  oh well
@HipMom  Too bad, those are some serious f-me shoes
@the_curator was a great man. Too bad we lost him to the hail storm 
@HartzandSocks lol Too bad I'm broke. 
There's a pig in the mall! Too bad i can't twitpic.  squarespace
I just saw my bf. Too bad I had to leave 
@zayman3 Thanks sorry you didn't win  Too bad we both couldn't win
You think I'd know a bad idea from a good one. Too many bad ideas tonight. I need help. And for this incredible headache to go away. 
@jennythegreat He normally doesn't work fridays, but he does work thursdays.  Gayke sounds delicious   Too bad you can't get a triangl ...
had a blast with my daughter at the new kids concert!! Too bad she didn't get to meet her donnie! 
Doing some memorizing ( Too much to handle! 
@NoToriousTori Too bad  But indeed, rest for the wicked, finally  How about calling in thai food tonight... hum...
@vanessamess Those shoes r so cute! Too bad they're not the right size 
*yawn* what a bore. Too sick to go out tonight... 
Sitting on the boat waiting for the day to end. Too bad it's just started 
@kookywitch I love her but I don't like her class. Too much stress for me! 
@hkoenigsfeld I didn't take any...  Too much weight to carry and too much stuff and the threat of rain kept it in the car... 
@CRAdcock Too bad I'm not upgrade eligible for a while 
Rollerderby bout was great last nite. Too bad i had to work so early today and couldnt whoop it up afterwards 
Getting ready for a dat at the lighthouse and the mall. Too rainy for mountain climbing 
@melissa_ryder i know fml he tweeted that 2 months ago. thats my birthday. Too bad ill be gone 
Today would be such a good day to go swimming. Too bad i have to work 
Just back from paintballing. Too sore to move now 
I love this weather! Too bad I'm working. 
Going to the mall! Too bad my shopping buddy has to be at work all the time 
Walking around the mall passing time waiting for my bus. I was in tillys but had to leave. Too depressing cus i have no $ to shop! 
4 more hours after lunch...im excited.  Too bad i have to work at 7 in the morning tomorrow 
That was the most fun I've had in a while. Too bad I had to do it alone 
@chochocamacho He may be older but that's what makes him awesome. &lt;3 Too bad he's so old he doesn't like the internets. 
@jshroff that was such a great idea! Too bad noone else was down  I wanna try the counter now!
And I have a headache but i can't sleep. Too much thinking.... I'll be up all night I'm sure. 
Finally on vacation!! Too bad I still feel hungover 
Why would they do a gastroscope and colinoscopy at the same time? Too much pain 
@SarahElizbeth09 I still think we should get matching hair cuts like this! Too bad I'd get fired. 
Why can't I ever sleep? Too many thoughts running through my head. Things suck right now I wish somethings were differnt. 
@KennethCK Haha yuup. Too much alcohol 
@savagediana My life just took a steep turn last week.. Too many things in my head.. I feel overwhelmed  ugh. But I'm atleast gonna sleep
Ughhhhh I cannot sleep! Too much on my mind 
lying by the pool with laptop of course! Too early to start drinking 
I'm laying in bed. I'm excited for todays weather! Too bad my body hurts and I have bruises all over. I really don't want to move. 
@pwilson I wanna hear!!   Too bad we can't tweet sound.  I'm sure it's coming tho!
@binmugahid argh! Too long to retweet 
@EricaHeartsYou naw. Too late for bed? 
I guess I missed #buzz140 badly. Too bad nobody at #buzz140 seemed to miss me 
yesterday laying by @theLP 's pool and the rest of the night was fuuuunn! Too bad its going to thunderstorm today 
@paul_berry (can't DM) Too bad...people aren't going to engage you when it looks like you don't service them. 
@mauricefreedman Just update mine. Too bad I need to buy a new one to get video 
Just had an idea for an app to build impromptu chat rooms to discuss things w/ random people outside twitter. Too late  http://tr.im/pmZB
I'm tired but I can't sleep. Too much on my mind 
Home made breakfast sausage is god's way of telling you that he loves you and wants you to be happy. Too bad I don't believe in him 
@OfficialVernonK I was supposed to come tonight, but they didn't email me the date till yesterday. Too late notice to come 
is loving the hot weather!  Finally!  Too bad I'll be stuck at 2 jobs today.  
 my 12 year old is taking care of the injured black cat in front of our house, waiting for animal control.  Too bad my wife is allergic
@RocketMinx Too late now 
@joeymcintyre you arent leaving us are you?    Too soon...but then it will always be too soon...at least give us a few more years!
It's my birthday and the coolest gift ever would be for my boss to extend my deadlines on my projects. Too bad that is totally impossible 
What a nice day out - find someone you care about and share it with them.... Too bad the person I care about is being a dick to me 
@lizzerdrix I wish we'd hung out more.  Too bad our old lady puss-outs didn't coincide.
15 hours left til I can finally call it summer! Too bad I have summer school on the 2nd 
@kogibbq kogi blt sounds amazing. Too bad you don't deliver. I can't drive bc of injury! 
I really want a chocolate sundae right about now. Too bad it's nearing midnight and I've already had ice cream today. 
In the heat of the debate I challenged an office worker to run the staircase.. Too bad I asked *afterwards* how many floors there are: 19 
@jancornelis wish I could bring an assistant !  Too bad airline fees aren't very cheap 
I wish I've born in U.S. but I haven't. Too bad 
@NigerianHotness so it was a good Night? Too bad u stayed in 
@sharjunkies, your profile picture is adorable! nothing like sisterly / brotherly love. Too bad I don't have any siblings 
@ sushigroove. Too early for dinner 
Has not slept yet. 7 hour energy drinks RULEEEEE BWAHAHAA. Too bad it should only last for another hour 
Then again, I might faint on the spot and get trampled all over. Too bad nobody wanted to go with me.  I was saddddd.
@_anea The purple bugger from Naxx?  I want, desperately.  Too bad they're all 81 and thus you can't tame them til the next xpac.  
Really wishing I was still on vacation. Too much to do today, most importantly I really have to cut the grass 
I feel awful today and want to just go back to bed.  Too bad my kids aren't old enough to babysit themselves 
@CaptainJack4 Too right, especially on uploading 
@DonnieWahlberg not sure if I can push through today.  Too much on my mind.  
@lrdmora Right-remember you mentioned that a while ago. Too bad  @overnightwalker &amp; I are in the opening ceremony. What's that part like?
@mystifiedLaLa Too many deaths this year, I can't handle it 
@Blondilucious LOL exactly!  Too funny you just took me back 
@ingridmusic infatuated with twitter... like me. Too bad I don't have many followers. You should listen to a recording I've done 
@FuckenJew Too shy for that. Plus he already stole my brain in my sleep. 
@imanto Too much porn for you 
In such an amazing mood because of the weather! Too bad I had to spend most of it at dress rehearsals. It was pretty fun though. 
#asot400 - who's set it is right now? cerf etc? Too tired to work out european time 
@glam0ur nah, a nice big bagel! Too early for burgers! 
I like these peaceful rainy days, just makes me want to sleep   Too bad I've got crap to do...
Scratch that. Too tired to take it all in. 
I could definitely get used to this whole &quot;in between jobs&quot; thing. Too bad it doesn't pay so well. 
Is going to lecture today about her thesis. I know what I have to prove. Too bad I need to investigate it 
Ah. Too many interesting links for today. I could hardly keep up! One of these days, I'll end up truly out of this world! 
@Stephanvs @joosthaneveer Too bad guys .. better luck next time 
@Krasnostein Too much really slow an bad, too. 
G'night Everyone! Too hot to stay awake...   http://tinyurl.com/cjtj33
@piratephoto Too right! Congrats on that!! 
@joshsolar that may have been the weirdest @tweet I've ever gotten. Lol! Too late...I gave in to the power of the cheesy gordita crunch! 
@leewaters Thanks! You too! (Although lately it's the pass out/no dreams sleep whch isn't always such a bad thing. Too tired to lie awake 
@MCormack This just seems like something the kids would do... Not me!   Too many things on my mind I guess!
@steelhoof Too much work to do, need to do more work tonight. 
@MckMama bonfires are sooooooooooo nice!  Too bad we can only have them 50% of the year...when we're lucky 
I knew there was a reason I hated cars! 1. Too slow! 2. Too big! 3. I get car sick! 4. Motorbikes are much much much more fun!! 
http://twitpic.com/4wegx - @stealthrose Lol.. sorry. Too damn funny! 
Preparing D&amp;D... Too many ideas 
It's fun @ replying to celebs. I write it as if they will actually reply to my comments.  Too funny! Who r some that u follow on twitter?
@annamariaelings  ours is clear across the country...its sad really. Too far away.
A woman wants a man to satisfy her every need and a man wants every woman to satisfy his one. Too true 
@pird  or revealed even! Too tired to type 
@KiminNorCal I know! I haven't slept a wink! Too excited! 
@stevezillwood I didn't cry.. Too happy/excited/adrenaline filled to cry 
@NancyvB hmm link doesn't open on mobile phone .. Too bad 
YAY my pool's open   Too bad I can't swim in it now (it's green eww &gt;_&lt;)
@robluketic URSHER!!! Too cool for words!!! 
Wow oral comm wasn't that bad today Too bad i still don't have any research for my debate 
@vene2ia You Too!!! 
Lol.  I just got silly stringed in the office.  Too bad it fractured in mid air and went into my macbook speakers.  
@CambriaAN Too funny!  I haven't eaten those in years, but gave in to a preggo craving at the store the other day and had some yesterday! 
@Mariahfan4eva Aww, thanks!  Too sweet.  Thanks for following.  
@radhikabajaj its on your twitter profile. i have not seen the show and name is interesting. Thats why I asked. Too lazy to google 
Bwahaha #unfollowdiddy is the top trend at the moment. Too funny 
@kamiNcali Too far?  I have no idea where the line is. 
@katiemoffat I would have said 'hope so' but the more I think about it, I'd like to keep under the radar thanks very much! Too late 
