Most common words for this cluster:
[('too', 740), ('today', 46), ('day', 42), ('quot', 39), ('time', 34), ('night', 28), ('http', 27), ('home', 23), ('amp', 22), ('work', 21), ('lol', 21), ('tonight', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Too', 0.9364777207374573), (u'too', 0.6671053767204285), (u'Awfully', 0.6044355630874634), (u'Really', 0.60435950756073), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.6035926342010498), (u'EUR_MOTIVATIONAL_NOTE', 0.601514458656311), (u'Very', 0.5973638296127319), (u"EDITOR_'S_DIARY", 0.5853883028030396), (u"Aren'ta", 0.5835247039794922), (u'Soooooo', 0.5821428894996643)]





@rootbeersoup Yeah. Too bad people like a certain burrito-eating man exist. 
@Japh I wish I'd known that there were more tickets earlier. Rang this arvo - one left but Amy would end up sitting alone. Sigh  Too Hard.
Rode river circuit, asthma hit hard :O Too wet to mow  Amazed or amused that W/pac cr limit raised, celebrated with Coles' shop, etc. ;)
@TomFelton It's playing at the West End? Too busy seeing Equus to catch it before it closed. Blame Dan. 
im scared to go outside....its COLD today. Too bad I already put away all my winter clothes 
It looks like it is going to be a nice day in Lynchburg today! Too bad I'm sitting in class right now 
@gypsybird I'm procrastinating on mine too. I'm afraid 
Beautiful day in the Triangle. Too bad I gotta spend most of it inside. 
Studying for a final...too bad it's beautiful outside 
Church building clean up. Too early 
@Fearnecotton Only good music !! Too bad I don't live in the UK anymore... 
King Tut exhibition... pretty cool. Too bad the mummy cannot be there 
@ARutt hey Aaron. Too bad you're not 21. I'd invite you out to my birthday party tonight.  
rode the bike the Scotts Thunder bash.  Too many  cops out.  Buzzkill.  
@PhantomV48 Too far away.  Nearest is in Dubuque 
Updated my twitter background and picture. Updating myspace next. Too bad Facebook does not let you customize and express your creativity 
Home. Feeling good. Resisted another tattoo. Too lazy to wash off the eye makeup...... Oh well  Wearing last nights liner for tomorrow.
Still sitting on the couch. Haven't started washin' my hair. Too tired to move. 
Dennis... I'm sorry. Too Human is a bad game. Not just bad, really bad. You are familiar with games right? 
@nick_carter I sure do! Too bad I'm in Denver  I need to hurry up and make my millions with my veterinary degree so I can buy my jet ;)
Gettin' ready to sleep  Too tired it sucks.
@heyitsMade : Hey, I had lunch in Bogor today. Too bad we didn't meet 
Re-pinging @Elle_P: Too bad I don't give out my number anymore could of had a cutie  lol you can always start again ;)
@minnieburley Funny, all I can think of now is curry as well. Too bad I'm already mid-way thru cooking din din 
Damn, weblog still down, but now giving Server Too Busy errors. Replacing files doesn't cause ASP.NET to recycle the appdomain 
would like to settle down and watch the football with a beer. Fat bloody chance of that. Too much to do. 
@lostonroute66 Re: #skydive, it got canceled on account of &quot;too much wind&quot;.  Seriously -- that's what they told us.  Too.  Much.  Wind. 
Aww...Tears in heaven by Eric clapton  Too sad...
@slouchy I bet these same people believe she's being mistreated, too. OY. Too bad that don't know what's really going on, eh? 
I had fun at shangri- la last night. Too bad Kolby has to go back to FL today 
Lunch at Granny's. Too muddy to rope today 
Updated gardening list: aloe vera plant, hanging plant, houseplant, flowers. No trees. No full sun here  Too many old trees blocking sun.
Was going to do resin but then a friend popped over for a 4hr chat....Too cold now.  Time for banananana bread!
Just had dinner, it was great. Too good that i Know i just gain more weight. Atleast 3pounds. 
@mikefoong Too bad Nambu is not available for any of the windows platforms 
Wow, it's been 10 yrs since Columbine. I remember that. I was in school that day when they told us. Too sad. 
@rachaelusmc  girly girl I feel for ya.  We need some bff time STAT!  It is a cure all.  Too bad no Mick's.  
Heading off to bed. Too much walking at NAB, have HUGE blisters on both feet 
@PaulaAbdul So excited! I hope it's a good week! Too bad we have to see 2 idols go  But there will be dancing! Knock Kara off the stage.
Happy 20th anniversary, Game Boy! Too bad I don't have mine anymore 
Damn, had to turn down an  offer to join RSPB on boat doing a puffin survey along the Yorkshire coast. Too busy 
My days at work are coming to an end. Too much to do in ministry and our Vegas wedding to work at 12Stone anymore. Sad 
Mkay, these chocolate muffins from Costco are too sweet.  Too bad they didn't have their blueberry muffins. 
In the mood for California rolls. Too bad I am at work and there would be no place open anyway 
Bah. Too broke to accomplish anything this weekend or get outta town   oh well, being forced to take a weekend off and relax isnt all bad.
Just got home from work a little bit ago! Too busy to twitter, lately.  Work isn't as much fun when everyone's in Vegas but you!
Didn't Shanty. Too Tired. Too old 
has overslept that is why i wasn't not able go to the LSS session today. Too bad I didn't see new faces. huhu. 
Stuck on the train from hell with ndog to brighton. Too many people who don't speak english. We wanted to sleep too 
I can hardly wait till JONAS today.Too bad I have 2 see it 2morrow 
@WolverineNYC so I guess no chance getting claws in Germany? Too bad 
@DJskater no!  Love You Too.. Bye -hugs-
False alarm. There was a mix-up and now I don't have to go in. Too bad I don't think I can fall back asleep. 
Beautiful day.  Too bad there's sidehandshakes &amp; awkward moments 07 occuring. Why is water being served only in cup form 
Holy burritos.. We just got a free Wii... Too bad my dad dosent want it in the house... 
No - doesn't work  I can only add private #Diigo-notes to a tweet. Too bad!
@Memph Too right.  I had a Mac, it was lovely.  It broke and I can't afford to repair it or get a new one. 
@Swizzlesqueak didn't realise there was a date for DFO! Too late notice  next time
Brew monkey job still vacant, by the way. Too busy typing to brew up 
@Grandview Got Craft - Too cool! Uber broke 
@pocket_rocket That would be fun! Too bad I don't have the DVDs, though. 
Drove all day.  I'm dizzy. Too dizzy to study much. 
I'm sooo far behind on my YouTube subs because I was away for the weekend... Too late to watch them all tonight 
@sanastar had a great time. Too short though. Flying to zurich and work tonight. 
Browsing Amazon for a new 4 slice toaster... Not many good products available. Too bad my Bosch gave up yesterday. 
Going to bed. Too bad I have to be awake in three hours for class.  Oh well, that's what naps are for!
@CoreySzn Missed it. Too out of it last night to keep the fuckers from playing Left 4 Dead on the designated hockey tv 
Bored waiting for mom to get out of Kroger's . . . Too bad my phone's bout to die   -CrazyForTheGuy
@kindrawoo http://twitpic.com/4w6lh - GG.  Too bad it's not our Bus Law project. 
@KD_Churchill Nope..I stayed back this time.  Too much going on here 
@netgarden May have played last NBA game.  The guy is huge. Too many foot fractures. Start worrying about the Denver boyz.
Requested a book on PaperbackSwap. Too bad most of the books I have listed there are still there after umpteen months. 
W00t! I finally have 1 million GP! Too bad it's not quite enough to buy the Dragon Hatchet(should be axe!) I've been looking at 
Listened to some gooood blues last night. Too bad I was so beat from scrimmage I could barely keep my eyes open and had to split early. 
Ah cool... wow.. I know where you are!! Astoria looks really neat. Let me know what you think. Too bad we missed each other.  so close!!
Bangalore Royal Challengers back to their faltering ways this IPL. Good effort by Mark Boucher. Too bad. 
Really itching to try the new Direct2D API.  Too much work to do before play 
@nickolaswheeler I saw the red pandas in Philly! But so not the same, I will agree. Too bad you didn't see the penguins. 
Well, going to bed. Dreams are such a nice escape from the world. Too bad they don't last longer 
Finished the Twlight Saga..it was good. Too bad I finished it. 
is about to start work... It's a gorgeous day today in Stockholm! Too bad I can't go out for a walk instead 
Just found my old Geocities email... WHAT!! Too bad I can't log in 
Can't sleep! Too much on my mind. Lame 
@phungleson Dang, we can't win. Too hot and we die, too cold and we die still. The world as we know it, is bound to end. 
First #Arduino task completed: Blink a red and green LED in sequence. Too bright- needs a resistor. No breadboard, though. 
Lost was so good last night. Too bad there's only one season left 
B'ham folks - if u need a passport photo don't use Quicksilver (Cornwall Ave). Too light/washed out.   I then went to Costco, way better!
Kinnon isn't home so I'm sitting in his chair tonight...  Now I see why he won't share.  Comfy!  Too bad theres nothing on tv tonight. 
Tonight was amazing. I wish bernard picnics were every weekend. Too bad I couldn't do nothing though 
3 more hours till I get to go home. Too bad my mom had to go work @ the PROM till twelve 
@redwyne No, not finished yet.Too many people still alive. I see it's on next Sat. but not tonight. 
@jackiedawn You should've met up with us  it was fun. I didn't drive though! Too many mojitos. Hehe.
had so much fun DJing!!! Too bad it got shut down early 
The Maine was more amazing in person! I loved garret's tie! So cute! Love them all!!! Too bad police shut them down 
Mmmmm my bed feels sooo good.  Too bad it's empty 
@BoringBoo I have a cold too 
http://twitpic.com/5ct79 - thinking about buying this book, it's great and totally outside the box! Too bad Amazon doesn't sell it 
@TwitteringRav Too bad no Pac-Man championship 
Edinburgh's nice from up here! Too hazy for photo though 
@mredwards Ooo!  Salem's Lot sounds fun.  Too bad I gave all of my paperbacks to my niece     I figured hand down the good stuff, ya know?
Back from the stadium. Nantes 1 - Rennes 1 :-/ Too bad we could not keep the 1-0 
Busy time in the darkroom. Nothing truly outstanding. I'll Flickr one later. Too damn cold down there. And i'm having trouble focussing! 
@PankakeMunky It still doesn't work on my phone. D: Too bad its so addictive. Why are you never on AIM anymore? 
On my way home from lake itasca, mn. Fun as hell!!!! Too bad I was sick the first night  oh and it SNOWED  on Friday! LOL!
Lol @KMON3Y.Too crazy. Why is Entourage so great? And I just ate my soulf food. It tastes better today. I really want some ice cream tho 
Craving the SideKick 2009. Too bad I don't have one. 
My one and only reason to visit $bux now. $bux Double Shot on Ice. Too bad it was made wrong. Oh well. Another $bux disappointment. 
@RealKeanuReeves Back in the 70's when Star wars was truly an awesome one of a kind movie...THAT was when it was good. Too much CGI now 
@AshlieRayann Haha, so am I. Too bad I'm finally going to bed.  We could've played some Live!
Gears of War 2 Double EXP weekend is almost over  Too bad I didn't really get to take advantage of it
I think I saw Fonz this morning!! Too busy to be tweeting today to do list is 2 sides of A4  Toodles!
Go go go magic!!! Yeah! Too bad for the rockets 
@xxxSupermodel LOL!! I used to have all the &quot;Too Hot For TV&quot; VHS tapes...yeah they werent hot at all  LOL
http://tinyurl.com/oewm2a - Another cutie! Too bad this one's married. 
Bts skytrain is too packed after opening of extended route to Thonburi today.  Too good business.
Noooo. Too much magic.  Currently blown *out*. #gr8conf
I'm falling asleep in my office... Is it coffee time? Is it nap time? Is it oboe reed time? I think I want a nap the most. Too bad 
AND our swing set is UP!  YAY!  Too bad the lawn guys are suppose to be out and we can't go on the grass today after they spray! 
Trying to get motivated. Too rainy for walking, &amp; so dark I've had to put the lights on. Having to spend money on road tax &amp; phone bill 
@michellekawka I love LIC! Too bad I won't be in town that weekend! 
Can't believe #YEG made the front page of Digg! Too bad it was for girls pretending to be sexually assaulted  Sick story. http://kl.am/lqr
oh sweet sleep remedy, what are thou? Ugh. Too many thoughts. Too many foolish dreams which may nvr come true. My jaw hurts. 
Death From Above 1979 is another band that I just can't live without. Too bad they broke up! 
Wow! Too bad it's not working that good... Slows your Home Screen down A LOT  http://twitpic.com/5oqhx
ATL this weekend! Too bad it'll be raining 
Sorry to all the @mtub people that I know - I was simply utterly fucked, and really couldn't stay. Too tired!  Talk more next time!
Just read the saddest poem. Real life. Raw. Tragic.  Too much emotion. Too close to my heart. Crying. Feeling. Remembering 
@Tori_Thompson Too good to b true? Looks like concert mite b slipping away  girls r sick &amp; can't  ask bro to watch them.Mite b on 4 hockey
Go the Eels... Too bad they are losing! 
Ewww my school feels icky today. Too hott! 
Way way to early for a meeting. Much coffee will be needed. Too bad the coffee here is so weak 
Great morning for a run. Did 7 miles. Too bad I hit a wall at 5.5 miles.  
On the downside. Presentation bombed  Too much content. Now that's a first! But M looks like a pimp in a suit... and acts like a monkey :\
@loriradcliffe Oooh those are very nice! Too bad they don't ship outside of the USA 
@jordanknight I meant &quot;couldn't.&quot; Too bad I COULDN'T afford VIP! Sucks to be a student 
Cavs are killen em!   Too many wings. Ow  http://myloc.me/1XbK
@SoundVerite1 Big shouts out to you from Santi!!!!Too bad you were in el bano  See you in a min. Hit me if you need any assistance.
Soooooooo tired!!!! Oy! Too many events and not enough time for sleep anymore 
Man, my Chivas lost  Stupid little mole man Blanco. Too many PK opportunities for him. Wish Marsch hadn't been sent off
@emolio  Oh. I will be there June 9th for a show. Too baddddd. 
Trampoline II ... We barely got to know each other. Too soon.   It's not fair 
I stopped following JustJared and E! Online. Too many tweets on my home-page. 
@A_Lay aww well I just randomly woke up and now I can't sleep! Too many things on my mind 
Finally, a beautiful, sunny day in Atlanta. Too bad I'm stuck inside working... 
Glorious day in Glasgow for a change, and I'm working  Too much to do to even contemplate knocking off early...
@BD_illustrated Me Too! Its hard to argue w/ him 'cause he makes some great points, i just can't wrap my heart around that one 
@DEWz_PingPong Awww I'm teaching my son (when I have one) those manners!  Too many boys are lacking those! 
Dollhouse was saved!!! Its coming back for another season!!! Too bad scrubs isn't 
Two more loads and the moving crew's done! Started at 7am and i'm done for the day! Too bad the ac doesn't work in my new place  oh life!
Buried under more web changes. Going to make lunch now... I won't have a chance later. Too much to do. 
OMG - the M&amp;Ms in my pantry are calling my name. I've been ignoring them all day. It is driving me completely insane. Too many calories 
@blooddrunk SICK! I'm totally getting GH5!! Too bad you guys didn't get to play in Boston 
@morlhon  that's bad as it affects all the languages that run on the JVM. Too bad!
@VestaEresta: Geez, a cool man like him be the villains. Too bad 
Watching the Killers on JR. They are awesome. Too late though. They just cut the programme mid song. Twas my favourite too. 
@mrsmicah I'm glad your inside too. Take good care of yourself. An event in Rising Sun?  Too bad you're filling ill or we might see you 
@buzzup why would you want a clone? Unboxed a new 24&quot; iMac last night and it's beautiful! Too bad it's not mine 
@travistubbs I'm already a fan of hulu. Too bad there's not a bigger Internet selection on netflix.  I thought that would be easier
@starmochakisses I never saw In Too Deep! 
@EmilyLSmith awwww our opener, Blind Pilot was good. Too bad yours sucked 
Really wish I could just run on over to NYC for a night and see Waiting for Godot. Too bad I don't have an extra grand laying around. 
Placebo's new album is really good! Too bad I didn't get to hear the last song due to my slowness. 
In Tulsa!!  Too late to get in the hotel pool tho!!  
@jeffcutler re: mt auburn: was there in ER last Sunday. Quite efficient. Too many #swineflu wannabees waiting  If ur not sick, u will be.
says DV cancelled. Too many factors against us.  http://plurk.com/p/x43hd
Just reinstalled XAMPP. Too many passwords, keep forgetting them 
These kids are soooo Nice! Too bad I don't know any of their names 
@michemo no plans as of yet mama....that sounds like FUN! Too much fun actually lol! We are liable to ack a damn fool..feel better sweets 
Headed to bed and then headed to DFW. Too bad I'm not getting any further than an airport hotel.  Catch ya on the flip side!
@shootingstar7 I'm about hrm 3-4 weeks  behind. Eeek! I hope to either start later tonight or tomorrow. Hrm! Too much 
Room. Is. Too. Warm  right, let's get t'history on.
@sunjuicy Haha ya we did. Sooo many drunken people whom I won't name here :-P Too bad u can't come to the beach w/us tomorrow 
@unahealy i wish you were in Spain Too!  x
Is excited for the start of the Triple S! Too bad there's no wind today 
@paulie Wah! I'm at work being Too Hot!  wanna go parknic
Been streaming #cagerattle.app at 128k over 3G all morning, works great. Too bad it got rejected for that originally 
Watching My Bloody Valentine! Too bad it can't be 3D at home  - http://tweet.sg
Beautiful morning.  Too bad th daughter has a fever.  It will limit our activities today. 
@Yermilla It's over for Detroit! They chose a girl with spanish like native language!! Too bad  But, I keep goin to believe in this dream
Super Tired! Too bad Nikki isn't here for a 'bucks break with me 
Had a great time out w/ friends last night... Too good a time. The head keeps pounding away.  FYI Ommegang is really, really good.
Sleepin til 9 was great! Too bad I don't get to do it again for like 2 weeks. 
Good morning. I dont want to get out of bed. Too comfy. Rawr. 
Beautiful day! Too bad I have to work...  Wish I was in Dover...good luck boys!
@D_Sight Having a relaxing weekend. Playing a bit of Condemned. Too scared to play it @ night! 
@MissSweetyD Too bad Hey Girl didnt make it 
Wishing I could go see the AVP today  Too much work to do.
IF I keep having these dream teases...it will be the END of me! Too good 2 be true! LMAO!  
@Storm_Crow @sonyalynn @saramg I needs a photo of someone with there thumb up holding a potato with hashtag #spud for the quiz. Too late 
This weather &amp; the songs on my iPod are making me want to be walking hand-in-hand with my guy. Too bad he is so far away today 
@pghpenguins .... man, I'd LOVE to have one in my yard down here in Memphis. Too bad I can't come home!    Lets Go Pens!
Friends have gone home now    Watching Britains got Talent, Stavros Flatley rule! Too Grand is Too Cute and Flawless should Win!  
http://yfrog.com/7guk8j Sunning on my terrace. Too many clouds 
@soulsteelgray Oh maybe it's a very intimate twitter. Too bad 
Ohp! Found an adult. Too bad he's paying for the murderer to run away. And i think he's gonna kill him too. So sad. 
Gotta find something to wear to the @drakkardnoir concert in Memphis July18th! Too bad I won't get to meet him  :'(
@xohalieee your too far away 
@jlneveloff I want to go too. Quinto! Too bad we're broke. 
BBQ'in at Richie's house! Too bad I can't eat anything cuz of my stupid diet 
Got excited for a minute. Opening number rehearsal is over. Too bad we still have tap rehearsal 
@jaketvee i know. i was rooting for her too.  
Haha excellent, Stavros Flatley is a trending topic now! Too bad they didn't even make it into the final three.  #BGT
Slowly starting to feel better. Too slowly. I was supposed to be spending this time with Noah. 
I'm having a major Debbie Downer day. Too much stress 
Back in Calif for 1 wk.  Drinking wine - dinner w/ friends tonight.  Too bad it is raining in Mtl   It is so much fun when it is not.
Finally I am HOME resting!!! Too bad I am alone laying down 
@kpnang It was so fun ate. Too bad you and Ate Queen weren't there. 
@foodphilosophy Sorry, I skipped the parties. Too tired. 
@PriscillaF  I miss having a Mac  Too bad I can't afford one. Bleh.
@purplehayze0 aww!  i like her.  too bad she didn't win. 
@lickmycupcakes Hard out! Too bad none are for me  Not that I need them! The brownie made me feel sick just looking at it!
Just got back from the block party... Took entirely way too many pictures. Too many to go through. 
@amandapalmer can't do it. Tried. Too much saki and too much tired.  I really wanted to stay up for you. *le sigh*
@Sara_Mooney Too late it's clearing up fast. 
@kdotcom uH diMplez caLLed anD waS oFf sUm I LovE u TyPe shyt anD shE goT the diALtoNe, don't taLk to whItEy. GRrr I wiSh I CoULd go Too 
I Just Woke Up Not Too Long Ago 
Can't sleep... Too much running through my head.  lord calm my thoughts! Let me sleep
I'm so bored. I'm all dressed and done up for Jess. Too bad she isn't home to receive me 
@ensredshirt Booo... Don't mention Vancouver to me. I'm getting jealous. Too far away from here . And Stargate never comes to Belgium 
@Claire_Cordon Too hot out there for me!! - will burn to a crisp in minutes 
@DougWare Glad that helped! Too bad about the other shortcuts, though. 
Magic make the finals. Woot! Too bad I missed the end of the game by falling asleep 
Going to church with Emm's &amp; Zully. Too bad, Cryt &amp; 'Stasia can't go 
is going to watch Darkness. Too bad the first time I saw it, I saw mostly everything except for the first 30 minutes to an hour. 
Nice day after that wicked storm last night. Too pretty to stay inside to do housework, but gotta do it!  
Mark has to work all day now  poop. Watching #Flushed Away with the boys. Too cold and windy to go out! Brr!!!
@knittydotcom Oh noooooooooo! I just sent you some pics. Too late? 
It's such a nice day out here in Colorado! Too bad I'm so behind on emails- I may be stuck inside today trying to catch up 
It's an enjoyable day just chilling with @aefre and watching some TV. Too bad it's almost time to head back to Denver. 
Fifty strawberry plants in the ground, for a total of 75.  Too bad we won't get to eat the berries till next year. 
Feelin unhealthy. Too tired after all those crazy schedules I guess. Bad headache 
Bowling, MLB 09 The Show, and Soulcailber all gamed this afternoon... Too bad he had to go home 
I need food. I'm craving L &amp; L Hawaiian BBQ badly. Too far away 
Cedric diggorys death brings me to tears every time.. Too dramatic 
Argh! Too hot 
Fell asleep watching tv last night when we got back home. Just woke up. Too tired for work, but sadly I must go. 
Albuquerque is a beautiful quirky mountain of loneliness... Too bad I do not delight in isolation anymore... 
22 degrees here in Rotterdam! Too hot for me, because I have to work. 
Hothothot!!! Loves it! Too bad I'm working 11-10 hxc shift 
@MeghanRichard Love it and hate it... Quite the read. Would be enough to be fiction... can't comprehend as a memoir. Too sad. 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Too bad the neighborhood is Times Square 
@rlovinger  ACK!!!!    Too bad they didn't find new investors/licensees.  Makes me wish I knew more about confections than enjoying them!
Cannot be botherdddddd. Too hot 
@Alex_33  Too bad. I got it on the television machine.
@twheresweevil LOOOL, I didn't see that tweet. Shit. Too much pressure bb. 
@lovesickass Damn! Too much pressure for me too, that's why I went to you, lol. 
Shaiya rocks!  Too bad the servers were down almost all day Saturday.  Looking forward to playing tonight.
@katyperry I'm watching Ting Tings via Livestream now. Sounds great! Too bad we couldn't watch your show 
http://twitpic.com/6f1xa - Killing trees, one cold at a time  Too bad there's no such thing as green tissues.  Just hankies.  And...ew ...
@masseffect2 Why nothing at Microsoft Press conference? Too early I guess? Too bad. 
@renanse Glad to hear you'll be at JavaOne.  Too bad there's no Ardor3D presentation though 
@BoogieDownCHU Too Many PPL around the world lol are using it all at the same time. It is not letting me in his site 
Now I want some cheesecake ice cream from Cold Stone with graham cracker crumbs, strawberries, and caramel syrup. Mmm!!! Too bad... 
Kickin ass in poker!!! Too bad it's only on my BlackBerry 
Would love to attend the Tiller vigil in Seattle tonight. Too bad getting back home tonight would be impossible 
Love this weather!  Too bad I was inside at work all day 
Won't have time to watch The Bachelorette tonight. Too much studying. 
@dceiver Loved Adventureland. So did Twilight loving 14 yr old son. Too bad few others did. 
Rain! Too bad my apartment was closed up for 4 days and only had windows open for a few hours. Still a bit stuffy and now closed up again 
I Cant Sleep! It's Too Hot! 
@OfficialBF1943 http://twitpic.com/6flg6 - Wish I was there. Giving away free BF1943 and T-shirts. Too bad I'm in Pittsburgh 
@DJKCRAY Word up! Too bad I can't feel the drunkeness 
I want to be Hef's girlfriend.   Too bad he is not into sistas 
Wish I had seen the Deckbar grand re-opening announcement before 2300.  gotta get some sleep. Too much to do tomorrow.
@fredundead Grats, lady! Yay T8! Too bad Priest T8 stats suck for Disc. 
Woo! Party at my house! Too bad I'm not there. I wish I could hang out. 
I just realized that I'm not going 2 see @nypudge tomorrow either  &amp; on Wed. I leave for #michigan 4 a week! Too much time away fm him!
Grad dinner over. Too much to do to fit into 8 more days. 
Stupid icky churning tummy...what is your problem. Too much Pho perhaps?....hope not 
received  form 16 from Infy. So, in total I would be filing income tax at three locations across globe. Too many taxes 
@travisthrasher Yes! Really love him. Too bad he had to miss BEA... 
Well I got The Sims 3 today. Too bad my disk drive isn't working 
Thank you @lojalita. You are the sweetest person in the world! Too bad u had to run. 
Rainy morning! Too bad internet connection. 
Ninja cat stuck on my neighbors ledge. I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend.... Too bad you're stuck  don't worry the  ...
good morning all ... Warm here ... Too warm 
@MrSpiffster Me Too. Okay @iluvmypodju is my close friend cause she didn't say I was hers  lol. But yes take that vomit and throw it (cont
Thomas: Too warm again. Screw this weather 
Well I guess all answers are getting clear. Too bad 
@thedevilslair Why not?  Too busy? Boys too boring?  Gay?  Sad 
@markysparky Oh snap! Too bad you live farther away now or else I'd head on over now . 
It's Too Cold!! 
@Alex_Meraz85 I can't wait to see you in the movie!! Too bad its a whole SIX months away  x
@mel_tigger @rosanneduk my @s don't seem to be working very well and the Deck has given up on me. Too many tweets. Eep! 
@NCashleykeko awesome! Something I can finally go to! Too bad its to say bye..  
I want to go back to sleep  Too early to be up. Help!
@spasmband Holland loves the Spasm Band too. Too bad I missed the gig.  No doubt it was awesome.
@PurpleCar  Thank you for the fun!  Too bad something I ate must have been bad, it's been a rough night   Feeling better though
@Rocker182 Sweet. No better game to be able to play anywhere than that. Too bad I don't have my PSP on me today. 
@katiebips it was the beginning of 'music and movies' in the pit-like park across from Edison. Too bad it's on sci-fi Tuesdays 
Hottest guy alive just came into the office. Too bad he's my boss' client's son 
why am i up?? its too early 
Hmmn. I wonder why my other followers are unfollowing me? I think they are going down. Too bad.  Follow Me!
Finished reading &quot;Northern Lights&quot;; I'm sad, because it could have been great, but I feel it's merely &quot;good&quot;. Too much DEM. 
@jazzstixx &quot;rhythm of the night&quot; , &quot;who's Johnny&quot; and &quot;Stay with me&quot; were my joints. Too bad about the drugs and prison time  smh
@MLB_Updates I basically never trade. Too many stupid people that aren't willing to trade unless you are the one getting screwed! 
@iolanthe just to confuse me I suspect. St marys. Dental hospital. And new childrens hospital next week. Too much new for me. 
@Gail_Simpson Don't like Cash Crate. Too much time to dedicate yourself to spamming your email and junk 
The weather is beautiful today in TX!!! A perfect day to go to the pool or play some sports!! Too bad I have 2 b at work 
Dam I've Been Sober For Waaaay Too Long 
@davejmatthews Nice stuff on TV.  Too bad it couldn't be a longer set. 
@FlyingAcrossUSA Too bad you won't be coming up to Seattle 
@FrancisCrozier I got some good tea from china for you and Dad! Too bad I already drank some of it 
@mawbooks Oh I wish I had the time to do that! Too much to do this weekend unfortunately.  Have fun!!
Washington Mystics Season Opener on Sunday, 6/7.  Sure will be good to see Chamique again.  Too bad she's in the wrong jersey 
@ShelleyK17 It would be fun to stay at the Peppertree Inn like a lot of the grls are doing. Too bad it's so spendy! 
I desperately need to thro up peanut butter and chocolate now.  Too many Nutty Buddies! 
@WahooPooh See,  I stopped watching BB, lifted some weights, got myself ready and u disappeared  Too tired now. Pass the cushion.
I just walked by Allison. Too chicken to say anything though 
I really need to read #20BoySummer !  Too many questions I don't know answers to. Afraid of spoilers 
Thorlo Experia micro mini are probably my new favorite socks. Too bad they're $13.99 per pair. 
@tamarajane74 Nah. Too many other things rolling thru my mind to think much about eating right. 
TGIF is certainly valid at this point. Balls to the wall - Portland for clubbing. Too bad I can't drink anything at said clubs. 
@JennyLou31 Robert is hot, has a good voice, AND can play piano! Too bad I heard he's kind of an ass in real life 
Super tired. Game tomorrow morning at 9:00. Have to be there at 8  Too early.
Getting the house ready for mom's bday BBQ. Sis is bringing the carne asada &amp; I'll be making the rest. Too bad I'll be working! Dang! 
Still in Phoenix. Spending the night. Too tired to drive five more hours on top of the nine hours I already drove.    ~Michael~
@kc082881 haha DAMN! Too late now ha 
I really want to see The Hangover! Too bad it was sold out tonight 
shh!t it's saturday already. Too late to sell USD for this week  #EURUSD
@amarcelo562 well it's a little too late now 
mike_d2009 Too late  Gd nite Mikey!
Home! The Prince number went off wonderfully! Too bad they started evil's music early... 
http://twitpic.com/6qffx - I found a horseshoe! Feeling quite lucky &amp; proud of myself. Too bad I couldn't bring it home 
Really hungover. Need to get to post office to pick up a parcel before it shuts at 12. Too drunk to drive. CBA with bike. Long walk it is 
Beautiful drive to NY. Too bad i was coming to work 
Not only did I actually get a journalism job, I got a hot redheaded investigative reporter as my girlfriend. Too bad this is The Sims 3 
Administering the SAT at my old high school. Too funny! Been up since 5am 
@Naked_Juice Thx for the suggestion. I tried it last night and, while the taste was good, I must say the texture put me off. Too grainy. 
@mhausenblas Awesome pics of #eswc2009! Too bad that #iswc2009 pics won't look like that  Looking forward to seeing you at #semtech2009
DisneyChannel Mode! Watching Stuff on Disney! Too bad J.O.N.A.S isn't aired in Ireland 
Bravo @F1alaUne pour les tweets des essais F1. Too bad you dont follow nobody, we cant speak to you 
Hottest guy alive just came into the office. Too bad he's my boss' client's son 
Listening to the Amesoeurs. Only on song 2 but so far it's great. Too bad they split up right after their first album. 
Wipe le two. Activated hardmode &amp; promptly died. Too little healing, people confusing directions, no killing sparks. Our healers, L2P plz 
@Ercles I'm following now! That's why it wouldn't let the DM. Too many spammers for auto-follow these days  Checking site now!
AOM is open until 1am! Too bad I'll be @ the Perk 'till midnight 
@Kaizykat I'm sorry.  that's been happening on mine too recently.
Just came back from an AAU game. Too bad... we lost again.  But my last soccer game of the season was today too. Lost THAT too!
I spent out ALL my money today. Too bad because i didnt have enough anymore to buy the hoodie i fell in love with 
Ditting at work waiting for 11 to roll around. Too bad its still 6 hours away  Maybe I'll eat dinner instead. Eat what I brought or order?
@JAShaiku  ** Boo! Too depressing!! 
Going to watch Terminators! Too bad my bf can't make it 
Going to watch Terminator! Too bad my bf can't make it 
I love my new Palm Pre. Too bad the touchstone charger was sold out 
Now I need a iced mocha from Coffee Garden. Too bad. They're closed already 
@deadnotsleeping that sounds AWESOME!  Too bad lack of light = no twitter pics 
Medieval Times is pretty cool. Too bad I'm allergic to horses and hay. Allergies acting up.  http://short.to/ea8p
why am i up? its too early i want to sleep in 
I really do love Brisbane winters.. today is amazingly gorgeous!! Too bad I'm inside studying 
@memelaroo @littletar23 think u can hook her up with a more current OS? Too many steps to tweet 
@__Kizzle Yes,he does.Too bad I wasnt at that show. 
@dgrantdotcom Goddamnit last time I was there and it was amazing. Saw the private session as well. Too bad couldn't make it this year. 
@MAFIACHILD Yeah, that would be cool...Too bad  I know we would all have a blast!
Watching Pushing Daisies. What a good show.  Too good to be gone     #ABC how about as a summer series?
@Cadistra Yeah, it's pretty awesome! Too bad the lighting was so dark -- and I turned it off right as the sky lit up. 
@iamZombiemike your too far away 
4 a.m. noodles, pie, bacon, egg... where am i going with this? FATSVILLE! Bedski. Sleepin up a stormski. Too quiet here 
I'm idling now in LittleBigPlanet because playing Burnout Paradise made me want to go crash The Hangout. Too bad I've got no wheels. 
@emilychang how was the meeting today Emily? Too bad i couldn't make it 
@Rubenerd Awwwwww.... I will be back to Singapore in August. Too bad we cannot meet... 
Done for the night. Too much patron   any recommendations on a movie tomorrow?
@jnydelonge : Is he that cocky? Huhu. Too bad  But ain't love blind and deaf? XD
Just meet Ms. Massachusetts at the Aids Walk :-D! Too bad I don't know how to post mobile pics 
I wish I could be bothered to get dressed and buy The Sims 3.  Too lazy though. My biggest problem in life, right there.
@fancyxkid True. Too bad, for me all I can look forward to is uncle... 
My thoughts: Threats are unacceptable, period. And @Trent_reznor went WAY too far in violating someone's anonymity. Too bad--I like Trent 
Sooooo tired! One more show at 2! Too bad im not a Silly Girl anymore! 
Good job Federer. Too bad we couldn't see that epic win! Still working. 
Portable tearoom? Rad. http://bit.ly/5S9dv  Too bad I missed it at Felissimo in NYC. 
Wat the hell is wrong with my System..Too slow 
@SienaJackson I want, Siena!!!  Too late I guess.... *yawns*
Made it to San francisco. Too bad I can't see the city!  first time I have ever been to CA and I am in an airport.
Saw star trek today not a bad way to spend a 2 hrs... Too bad the rest of the day was a waste 
I liked &quot;Glee.&quot; It was cute, funny and of course, I liked the singing. Too bad it actually starts airing in the fall 
@Silver_Husky @Huskymom Must agree, we use a collar &amp; spot on treatment and the dogs still get them.  Too many sheep around.
Got a hole-in-one mini-putting last night! Too bad the Penguins were being murdered all the while 
@Scotch_16 sounds amazing. Too bad I have to work over Christmas week. 
Geocaching.com &quot;Server is Too Busy&quot;.  
Oooh I can't relax. Too worried about what friend is going through in hospital 
Stuck with family! Too dull to survive for long  x
@PixelTreason Too true alas! He's happily married and Ive been single since 2002   a nicer version of the pic &gt;&gt; http://bit.ly/16r3PN
Woo hoo I get to go to IP. Too bad it has to be with carol and daddy 
Just saw a really hot guy. Omg. Too bad he is 18. 
@davcar11 that's typical too! 
Exhausted! Too much goin on in this head of mine... 
Had a fantastic weekend! Too bad it had to end. Redefined the meaning of friendship! Off to Phoenix now 
Damn. Too many far-right parties from other European countries are heading for the parliament 
Beautiful day --- Too bad I'm stuck @ work. 
Strike prv tweet. Less than a half Europeans voters have choosen to go to poll stations an vote. Too bad. 
@heinvanjoolen @nalden hey, totally missed the Amongst friends @roomsofredbull. Too bad  You guys should have a mailinglist!
Megan and i are so stuffed we can't move. Too bad we have to get up eventually to leave the restaurant. Help 
Watching game #2 with the fam. Go Lakers! Too bad I won't be able to finish watching since there is school tomorrow 
Barbeque chicken with the family... Too bad i don't have an appetite 
Can't sleep. Just thought I'd tweet y'all at 4am to let you know. Too much panic, mainly financial and not enough CSI methinks. I want TV 
@EstelleDarlings Well, I can't watch the game. Too much video editing to get involved in that. $ will be gone when I'm done w/ it too. 
Orlando should've won this....Too many shots missed  
WWWwahhh, i just heard that the new I-Phone comes out tomorrow; i want an I-Phone! Too rich for me   Ginny my birthday is soon!  
Can't bloody sleep. Too much on my mind going over and over. Someone give me some tranqualizers  Xxxxxx
@alexanderstone Yup!  I wish I could have gone.. Too much pain!
Rearranged the apartment. Too much junk. Brother is visiting. Fun. Why is all this so unexciting? 
@jameswilliams90 Yeah, pretty short weekend here as well.  Too much stuff to do and not enough days to finish everything 
Just got home form Palm Springs, sad that I had to leave early to take a final  Too exhausted to study tonight!
@RedDave14 feck! Should have thought of that. Too late now 
Leaving soon... Too EARLY! 
@OfficialJagex Nice video! Too bad it's not HD 
Soooo tired. Awful night's sleep. Too anxious about going back to work today. 
I love funny commercials! Too bad all the commercials in Malaysia is plain BORING! People try to avoid commercials here, for gods sake! 
I love funny commercials! Too bad all the commercials in Malaysia are plain BORING! People try to avoid commercials here, for gods sake! 
@Melita75 Depends - just before 8am on the east coast, just before 5am in LA.  Too early for anything from NKOTB management anyway 
@hanaoxley says check out my beer belly! Too much Irish coffee  http://mypict.me/3TZ8
Ugh... Its too early... 
@martinamcbride http://twitpic.com/75zce - beautiful country ladies. Too bad I left Nashville! 
Robo sucks ass already and i haven't even gone yet. Too early 
I didn't watch a film yesterday!!!  WTF... Too distracted by Street Sharks and CardKaptors :L
Hair appointment.. Too early in the morning! 
The day is GLORiOUS! So glad to be able to wake up at 9 instead of 5 in the morning! Too bad this will only last for 3 months 
Would love to see Camera Obscura and get some free pizza at Waterloo. Too bad I have a meeting. 
Mmmmm.....Vicodin. Too bad it makes me sick. Root canal tomorrow. Woot! yes, I really meant that 
Was just offered a TA position for african american studies by Nanda. Too bad i might not be able to take it 
Finally a day off with some sunshine! Too bad everyone else has work/school... Stuck home alone anyways 
@patrickRevans  I agree. I love Jason's Deli. Too bad they don't have them out here in Sacramento. 
On the shuttle to the hotel! There is SO much to look at! Too bad her sunglasses broke on the flight.. 
Chicago is out.  Hotel prices downtown are crazy.  Too bad...really wanted to see Mary Poppins.  
@MeLoXTRA Too far dude  , livin' in Brussels. U should come over here!
I woke up with a fever.  and I haven't gotten any better. Too bad I can't call in sick like my hubby. The joys of being a SAHM..
@vivalamelika popular opinion is no accent - well - an American accent.  Too bad - guess that means Pierce won't have his hot accent 
@TheEllenShow ugh, I go to school in Chicago and my apartment was a few blocks away from the bean. Too bad i'm home for the summer 
@SparklingAmber Splitz is so close to my house! Too bad I'm heading DT right now  would have loved to see you!
@Phantom_rose wow that was insane.. Too bad it stopped  i was hoping to see a tornado
@Sheindie I can't wait to have a tweetup at Comic-Con! Too bad you can't make it 
I'm bored  Too lazy to get ready to head out. But I really want a Coffee Bean drink, and I need to deposit my cash.
Oh the way back to Miami. Too bad the trip had to end so soon  lol
Being in Lancaster was fun today, but looking at this photo makes me realize I need a diet STAT!  Too much food! http://twitpic.com/7iaih
This Gym Is Too Crowded 
@TVXQUKnow Where are you?  Too busy huh?
Save $2 and avoid the TwitterBox App.  Too bad csuse it looked like it had promise.
@ajemm love that show! Too bad I don't have HBO anymore... 
That was insane! Too tired to watch VG again, though. 
WWE Raw was kick ass! Too bad Jeff didn't win the title back thou 
Roadhouse is delicious... Too bad i filled up on bread before my salmon came 
http://twitpic.com/7ivs5 - Point Panic's looking good. Too bad I don't surf 
@igluandhartly So did you have fun on the Isle of Wight?  At least you had the sun!!!  Too far to travel from me though 
@jamhos You are my Live friend  Too bad Live is down for 24 hours 
@joshmadden http://twitpic.com/7ho0u - Too true Josh, Too true. 
Damn I am such a hot mess. I had the weirdest but most amazing dream ever. Too bad its not coming true. 
Ok. Too much Vitamin C intake. I want to throw up tomatoes right now. 
Has blisters  ... Karma... Too much dancing and shopping
@MarkGStacey Agreed. Love it. Too bad I've lost my key and am stuck using the trial. 
Got a nice email from the folks @OmniHotels, gotta start planning that Boston trip! Too bad there is going to be So. Much. Rain.  
This. Is. Too. Cute. I want one  http://good.ly/gew7h
Got the day off work! Too bad its taken up with appointments 
Another beautiful day in the Atl. Too bad I'm working thru it 
Good afternoon all. Anita is in a foul mood. Not usual, but VERY grumpy today. No updates except a bonus to report. Too grouchy for pics 
@jordi_andreu where r u spending summer this year? Too bad we don't have Venice or Madrid again this year on schedule. 
Spent the last hour basking in glorious glorious sunshine. Too bad the next five days will be crummier 
@warcraftgeek LOL! Yeah I did both afflic and destro last night and destro is sweet. Too bad I have to a replenish spec for raids  #wow
@maurae Awesome and readable, yes  Too bad my resolution cuts Sheldon 
@RobTres I kick ass in beer pong!  Too bad I'm in Tucson 
Done with math regents!!!!! Yay! Too bad I still have 4 other ones tomarrow is english &amp; earth science  ewwwwww
Wish I was going to McFly in the forest  Too far away, If only i could drive? :\
Disneyland, I love you. Too bad my body doesn't... Going home 
.@ThinkHero Too late now.    I just wish I had been on the mailing list for the Coraline treasures.
@feathersunshine The Supergrass undies say 'Super ass' with the logo where the 'gr' goes. Too bad they ride up and the print peels off 
Ugh tired and headachy. Kind of want to go for a run though. Can't  Too much to do.
@Flaxxxen LOL. Oh BJ... I just wanted to detox. Too much alcohol and caffeine 
Sure is a beautiful night for Ultimate. Too bad Calgary Rugby Union fields are closed.  #yyc #ultimate
I hate to say this but I HATE the morning rush hour on the train. Too close for comfort. Let me be a man 
@Marinasa haha.. yes i want all this too!! 
Hahaha The Briggs are playing at DV8 pub?!?!?! That's tiny!! That would be awesome to see though! Too bad it's the night of Blink 182! 
I'm getting ready to go to Mars with Megan. Too bad we no longer have Rocket Man to accompany us...  lol.
Craving 4 a chocolate chip BlIzZaRd!!! Too bad we don't have a Diary Queen near by 
@CHRIS_Daughtry Too bad it's not televised.      WAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!
Just used a Lush &quot;sex in the shower&quot; emotibomb.. Omg.. Smells amazing. Too bad it doesn't last for very long   shower time just got better
Omg I just met the most adorable girl! Too bad she's married. 
@CourtThompson Oooo me like kitties! Too bad I have 8 puppies instead. 
Dam Ch. 6 Has 11 Sections! Too Many 
Tonight was fun... Too bad It's my last fun night for a week.  i need to learn to be honest. Who wants to teach me?
Start to lose my grip, i'm falling apart.. both my health &amp; my heart... Too much pain in my brain... Those intangible pains... 
ooo cool, my coach seat has a usb charger socket &amp; 100bt, yay Singapore air!  Too bad my cables are in checked luggage 
@joegatling That IS a good one! Too bad I'm focusing on community mgmt. Was thinking about bees - wanted hivejive - but domain name gone 
Jimmy johns rocks my socks! Too bad the closest one is 7 miles from my house-out of delivery range unfortunately 
@sarahdessen mmmmcupcakes. I want 1 now. Too bad there are none around.  Btw, had awesome time last night&amp;my roomie thinks you're awesome!
@misssuzn pff... just fine. Nothing the matter. All well. High speed. Too cool. Brilliant..... 
I am getting attached to this Challenger. Too bad I can't keep her. 
OMG! Too many deadlines to meet 
Is it raining in the north end? Too bad, that has no effect on the record of dry days in a row in SEATTLE. We northenders don't count. 
Sooo tired .... Too bad its time for school 
At the Acura dealer getting an oil change.. They have a theater here.. Too bad its closed so I can't twitpic 
Huuuuhh.. Too lazy to do a homework..  http://mypict.me/49GD
I see booster juice cups littered on the street, that means boster juice is OPEN!! Too bad I can't make it there before work 
@fashion_tweets I love Kandee!!! Too bad I won't be able to meet her this weekend for Glaminars 
@Pogue Too much &quot;tweeting&quot; = Unfollow  
@ashleekristin - You need to come visit me missy!! Too bad DCG didn't work out. 
@misstatertat OMG, that sounds fantastic! Too bad I have a final on the 6th  I was thinking about coming the week after, though!
@GoIndyGo I can't give up my contract with Verizon.  Too any friends and family on the network to switch.
@stewarttownsend awwww he's got &quot;Ben&quot;? :-D Too bad, he could have been &quot;anything he wanted&quot; but now he's just a toy  LOL
All the diplomats from the G-20 conference are staying at Nemacolin! Too bad I'll be back at school by then! 
Ughh these double days blow.. Too bad it goes on all summer.. 
@HarmonySoleil omg, I have been singing it all day too! It's getting annoying! Have you seen their video for &quot;Kids?&quot; Too freaky. 
Went up to my attic today and found all sorts of weird stuff. No savings bonds yet  an expired check from a dead relative. Too bad.
@JEFFHARDYBRAND haha. Sweet. I love that show. Too bad my friend's tv is dead.  
Ah. The perfect summer day was ruined by the rain. Too good to be true.  but its still hot as hell. I feel sticky and gross. Long day. Ha
@tinkabel hows she doing? I must really call her too 
I wish I would have gone to that laker parade! it sounded like sooo much fun! Too bad I live in Washington. 
Ahh.. Too many clothes... Theyre like everywhere  hahhaha forever21!!!!!!
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/7orc2 - Damn, I need to get my ass to Paris. Too bad my empty wallets won't let me 
@PatriotByte I'm sure I would. Maybe I'd learn something from Bill O'reilly. Too bad you're not really conservatives. 
@kellidiane Blame deserved  Plenty of crow to eat at office tomorrow
@JulieBanderas Sounds like a cool opportunity for a lucky Fox News viewer. Too bad I don't have many followers. 
@stationstops Yeah, that's cool.  Too bad local games don't count  
@BodyworksLancPA Hey, today is the day we finished a year ago right? Too bad, we should have planned a little celebration today. 
Loved my small group this morning!  Too bad I had to leave before it was over.   Looking forward to tonight's group, The Truth Project.
Tried to watch &quot;Tibet: Cry of the Snow Lion&quot; during breakfast. Too sad 
Passion Tea Lemonade from sbux is so good!  Too bad I ran out.. 
@carlmasak I'd like to port Rx (rjbs.manxome.org/rx) to Perl 6 sometime this year, but right now I just can't follow the list.  Too busy! 
I need an animation of THAT little Billie move... lmao. Too fast though. 
@PcShakur - Unfortunately not  The Sheffield crew are a set of lucky barstools. Too much work on for us to think about a holiday 
@TheTurd Too far OTP 
Just had a super tasty Chipotle lunch. Too bad more work had to follow. 
I wish I had some easy mac.  Oh man.  Too bad there isn't  a drive through pasta store 
@dezrosas was it because LC was on the View today? Too bad I had class 
Got to go make dinner. Too hot to cook 
Boo! Too windy to sail 
@scottishstevie ha ha! I knew you wouldn't be able to resist the mention of 'Buckie'! Too tired to be even tempted by the Pinot tonite 
Here... Working... talking to Elfa, ate a banana today, because I woke up all sore  Too much excitement with going back to CLAC 
@Success_Rice I do not have facebook but I love your product.  Too bad I cant get a coupon 
@ZumaZoum Yeah, I had second thoughts about #1 the moment I sent you his profile.  Too bad about #2.  
@MarieDenee I'm good!  Preparing for some things!  I'll be posting some my pr on RWS tomorrow.  Too bad it didn't work 
Just put up my lot of 300+ GeoTrax pieces I have had sitting around my house. Too bad god sons grow up 
Life is SO much easier when one can deal in cash. Too bad it's gonna run out real soon. 
@JordanRemains Unfortunately, no. Too busy.  Although, I can hit the notes Matt Tuck can! lol. Ugh, I badly want to vacation in the UK.
Photo Shoot had to be rescheduled    Too much rain...
graduation today  @jesse_love I LOVE YU Too!!
Just talked to Thomas for a good amount of time.. About everything cause that's how we are. I've missed him SOOOO much.  Too long.
Maybe I wasn't supposed to announce it is in Berlin yet? Too out of date to know 
Glad for a day off. Too bad I gotta do a 3pm-close tomorrow. 
@tabitha_b just not loading! says 'URI Too Large' 
@xxkonstantine really? it just says 'URI Too Large' and won't load for me 
Is it wrong that I want to see @robdyrdek 's movie, Street Dreams? If so, I don't want to be right. Too bad it's not coming to OH-IO. 
Beautiful Friday today. Too bad I'll be stuck inside for most of it 
At home, just got off work. Going to get coffee and then will be putting in tiger 2010. Too bad no golf today 
My brother is here! I didn't even know he was coming! I'm so excited. Too bad my sissy isn't here too.  ... Enjoying dinner with fam!!!
Somehow the evite to the #phillymoms launch went to my old email. Just got it. No party for me tonight. Too late to get a sitter @svmoms 
Gotta love the Power items on Pokemon, makes Eving a Breeze. Too bad I only have one of them 
@PandaCatBaby Too late. Already married... to a guy who's offended whenever I tell someone to shove a bible up their ass. Wasted bravery 
@lindleyloo How was your trip to NYC? Too bad the weather sucked!  It was horrible today luck u got out while u could! lol
@meltotheissa awwww. I like the photo. Too bad I have to work at 6 am   Have fun you guys!
@sugarassaultme No  I need to! Too bad you didn't hitRECord while you were in the theatre and caught the whole movie on vid for me lol jk
hmmmmmmm... im really supa tired but dnt wanna go to sleep.. Too bad i couldnt have went to the VILLE... 
Bout to Blow..Too bad my elephanteee broke 
Max left tonight on SYTYCD.  I liked him, but....I liked all the guys.  Too bad. 
Owww. Legs and feet hurting.  Too much walking around.  Must. lie. down. 
Bought this bottle yesterday that would fix the leak in my car's radiator. Too bad the battery was dead again, so no cigar for me yet 
is back to back games with a goal! Too bad we lost  still fun though.  Sleep time, then FRIDAY!
@bittersweetm I'm fine. It just kinda scared me because it felt like it was right under my house. Too many EQs lately. 
I Want A Realistic Moog Concermate Too 
@oOdolfinaOo At only 11 years of age?! Too young  (my 2 cats are nearly 12); I do hope Leo will be OK, so upsetting to see unwell pet.
Now waking up is hard to do, sleeping's impossible too 
SO TIRED  Last Friday of 7M .. wow , its gone by Too Too Fast , Getting Out @ 12 today .. missing art .. SO UPSET
Watching the Dodgers game on TV.  Would much rather be there live. Too bad it won't be baseball season when I go home at Christmas. 
I'm a sleep-zombie this morning. At least I only have to expand my cells then get the heck outta there. Too bad Zach leaves at 2. 
Thinking of dropping TWITTER. Too many businesses placing ads and too many &quot;info-mercials&quot;  
@!onestar56 Ugh. Store locator says nearest is in Lewisville, then Fort Worth. Too far 
@Orchidflower Oh no - what's the problem? Too much sighing is not good 
@careyshair that's insane! Too bad I just bought 2 4gb's for my Lumix. 
It's iPhone 3GS day! Too bad I can't afford to upgrade to the new one  Maybe #squarespace or #trackle can help
@mxwll BTW, Julia Child really was tall. We saw her kitchen at the Smithsonian. Fascinating. Too bad the photos were crap. 
Metro Station is on stage in 52 min... Too bad I have to work 
@liamtitcomb  ~Any plans to play Prince George BC?    We rarely get the GOOD ONES...   Too 'off the beaten path'   *sigh*  
So I love it when people offer me jobs out of the blue...Too bad it's in Lafayette, Louisiana 
@officialTila Got it. Too expensive to call from my country, though. 
Yay weekend! Too bad Dave is working all weekend 
Mani/Pedi time. Too bad I can't bend over to touch my toes since my back is hurting so bad 
@ReeseNicole Yea... Too bad I'm in a similar boat. 
Paid $1780 for my son's summer tuition. I can buy nice other things with this amount of green bucks. Tuition in College is Too Expensive 
I think I might throw a party if Pat White accepts the Yankees offer... Too bad pigs will prob. fly first! 
Back to rachels house. Too short left.  Oh god the things we ask people. Haha
@ApeO13 good.. Cuz it's those jeans I bought with u @ the buckle when we ran into everyone.. Too tight 
@DonovanPSV Coffee is wonderful. Too bad it has the opposite effect on me. 
@creolepimp RIGHT!!! I clicked on that ish QUICK! Waaaay too much goin on! Too many mics open... I want those 10 secs of my life back 
@cbor  It's gorgeous here in Silicon Valley.  Too bad I was indoors most of the day.  
Ledisi's running in 4+&quot; heels on stage  as if they were kicks. Go girl! She's rockin @ the Tabernacle.  Too bad the AC's trippin 
@ndmLA accd to his twitter, mchammer will be in vegas! Tell him hi and bust a move! Too bad no chong 
@gellyboo dropped me down to an A- too 
Steve jobs is ill? Too unhappy hearing this. 
@McGuirePaul...I wanted to be there sooo bad. Too bad B-field is a 3 hour drive from me. KHS + Single File = probably the best show ever 
Eating out with Teck after a long 5 hours at wrk.. Just wanna go home and sleep... Too much drama in my life 
Another amazing date night with the boyfriend. Too bad it's a web date  Stupid Iraq...
I think its bed time. Still debating whether or not I can/should go to Coby's tomorrow for the spin. Too much to do.  Played hookey today.
Off to bed after a night of no carding, expensive dinner, and a horribly cute romantic movie. Too bad my boo's in SoCal. 
Yawn... Just woke up. Too early.. I still have a hour of sleep  http://myloc.me/4CG0
Paris!!! Too bad it's raining 
I'm sooooo excited for my Spanish classes! Too bad we only have class lectures once a week. 
@ConviBot12 OOC| Too bad he's not that active. 
A Little Too Not Over You - David Archuleta. Dang. Memories suddenly flashed back.  I missed you.
Tonight 1/2 marathon of Rome. Too bad there is no 5 or 10k  21 km is too much for me right now
Just did a JB on my iPhone 3G 3.0 using redsn0w! Worked like a charm  Too sad people don't realize that the 2,1 ipsw is for 3GS phones 
Beautiful day! Too bad I will have to study... 
@soymilk0609 I'm at a coffee shop and saw Naked and thought of you. Too bad I don't have a machine that would teleport you one 
They have an app to make your icons look like the iPhones icons. Too bad its not for the newer blackberrys! 
A random BEAUTIFUL baby just gave me a hug while shopping! So presh i could die. Too bad im never getting marred to have my own babies 
Finally finished 3 hr long Curious Case of Benjamin Button. So depressing. Too much death.  I cried at the end. Need something funny now!
So sad the lions lost   Too many penalties to the Boks.  Thrilled for Croft scoring twice - Roberts and O'Driscoll were outstanding.
Wearing expired MAC lip gloss. Totally tastes rotten. Too sticky to take off with a napkin.  
@postomnis We all have our $$ vices. The $900 lens I want is in stock, and it's NEVER in stock. Too bad I don't have the $$$ to get it 
Hey tweeples. Decided against Powell's. Too much to do.   another day perhaps. I'll go soon and have fun spending hrs browsin the books.
Just for the record, Green Mesquite = not so good.  Was my first time, and more than likely, my last.  Too bad, so sad. 
Rex is gone  I found the bit under the fence where it must have gotten in and out. Too small for Skiffy thankfully.
What a gorgeous day!!!  Perfect for a picnic in the park.  Too bad we were too hung over for that!!! 
It's wonderfully overcast outside. Too bad it's still 90 degrees out.  Getting ready for work.
@ddlovato my too 
The Doyle episodes of Angel were the best. Too bad there isn't more of them. 
I just put my 22mo old son down for the night in a TODDLER BED. Climbed out of the crib, so bam, that's it.  Too soon! 
It's been another day! Workman pounding to wake me up, funeral of an old friend, and reading a great book! Too bad the cats are dead! 
Just noticed, I'll most likely be in Valentine when the Jonases are in Omaha. Too bad It's like eight hour drive. 
FUCK &quot;infest&quot; is such a good album. Too bad papa roach sucks now 
Anthony's family party. I wanna ride that mechanical bull! Too bad I'm wearing a dress 
@eryno I passed by Grinnell and I thought of you. Too bad you're not there anymore. Could've visited. 
Julia's birthday. Too bad not everyone's here  drunk all the same 
My MixIt Flip Flops Are Too Big 
Home finally...game lasted forever! Too bad the Reds lost 
@Kristin61378 I am having a yummy drink at the melting pot, so good. I am still missing DDub. Too 
Zion and Vegas was so much awesomeness. Too bad my stupid camera crapped out at sunset 
@leleana Thank you baby  That was ironically from a song, too, haha. But yes, I wholeheartedly agree, they should go away.
oh no! Seems like I won't be able to make it Answers.com Yom Kef  Too much bad news today.
Highest score today for me was 56 wow super lousy sucks  busy busy busy day I need to go shopping and catch a movie. Too little time Grrr.
&quot;Chat bleu&quot; was like woow. Too bad I won't be @ home next weekend to see &quot;Chat noir&quot;  [merde!] Or.. Shall I dl it ?? :&quot;&gt;
Big day kids!  Off to D.C. for a LONG, Stressful week.  Too bad I couldnt leave tomo so I could c NK in Toronto tonight and Ricky! 
My Sony Eric phone not startin up  Too Shaad..
At Monet Giverny gardens. Too much crowded with tourists. 
had fun at my friend AI's birthday last night. Saw Marvin there. Too bad BK lost today. 
@CyndysZoo @Tara_R Too Bad for me horses can't come inside, so I end up spending plenty time sweating.They've needed rinsed most evenings 
Ends up in a HAHAHA HILARIOUSSSS place. Too bad the food portions didn't really fit to my tummy 
@SoOoFocused He finally caught that kitty.  Too bad it had Feline AIDs so when he ate it he died. 
Holy crap! There's a spanish version of Lucky! Too bad I have no internet 
Last night was so much fun! BUT I'm going to die slowly in my bed now. Too tired for words. PLUS Keith is dead 
The chance to have tea with a &quot;Princess&quot;. Too bad my finances are more along the lines of Pauper   #squarespace http://tinyurl.com/mv9fnm
Colorado finally seeing a couple of nice days in a row. Too bad I'm stuck indoors!  Woohoo, I get to walk to the PO and bank though!
@ProWrestler1 Too bad it's not Nitro. 
@ToxicMelvin Too late  However it works now. Am really happy!
@tommcfly yep, not nice  i have a cat too ;)
Amazing deals on Transformers from 07 film &amp; (sadly concluded) Animated line: http://is.gd/19DpC Too bad I, y'know, already have them all 
I want a Slow Loris. Too bed they are illegal 
Seems I'm allergic to my pain meds. That can't be good  Too late to call doc. Scrounging in the med cabinet for old pain prescriptions.
@Grimsby5 will spread the word! Too bad, after all your work 
It's just a dream at this point. Too much to do.  Have to decide what's for dinner.
@phil78_chuck Too bad LOL. It sucks cuz the Q about an address got messed up.  Never thought it was limited though &amp; the keys didn't fit 
@U238_EA @ShadeShooter_EA Had fun playing with you guys today (I was nativejam), plus I liked your outfits! Too bad you can't fly 
Bored... Too hot to go anywhere  Lame.
Sorry to be missing Spark tonight at #TTT...   Too many things on-the-go! Will definitely be at the next one.
My barber has a pool table, bar, plasmas, spa, and memberships....too Metro? HAHA! Too bad I'm moving. 
Definitely just won a free happy hour (open bar) at McFaddens for Thursday. Too bad I won't be in DC  So much for the luck of the Irish.
Would eat cheese but it tastes funny.... Too lazy to make a sandwich. Where's my baby when i need her  [ IFLY CYNTHIA ]
@TiaMowry Too bad the Game won't b included!!! That was my ish, sure will b get n the seasons DVD  long 4 more.
Watching the kid &amp; friend wizzing around on rides at the mall of America. Soo hot outside, great day to be here. Too bad I can't ride 
@gaiksuan that is one of my disappointments of conservation ngos in Malaysia.   Too many egos indeed. And also territorial.
I jus wanna take a moment to shout out Dorian of &quot;College Hill&quot; that boy is very blessed!! Too bad 
I love Seattle! Too bad it was just a few hour trip. 
@x_charlotteee you said its too heavy for me to do that  and i said  ... lmaooo
@Chrisrider Too good to be true for us in Hawaii. 
Its actually sunny here in Scotland today! Too bad we're stuck at work...   Soon be over once we're international rock stars ;-)
@DwightHoward so I guess u weren't at Luckie in atl? Too bad so sad 
Told Fizul that 2 of my friends are coming. Too bad @faidchong couldn't make it 
Got a new twitter-profile-picture! It's me with my beloved little Bob! Too bad that he won't stay here. 
Missed MV this morning!! Too cold and too little sleep...  Now working like a daemon!
Worried. Too much stuff! Up to S.Shields tomorrow to say byeee 
First day of Summerfest! Bon Jovi tonight. Too bad I can't see them. 
http://pic.gd/bdbbb4 sitting in the sun,eating my lunch. enjoying the view of the &quot;Zaan&quot; Too bad I have to go back inside and work 
@stigblog your too healthy  might be why your so skinny and hot!
@eaglebay Not been to Tybee yet.  Too busy working all the time.  Haven't been to the Okefenokee swamp yet either.  
@jisliteskinded Clothing will be optional at DC Carnival this weekend.  Too bad I can't go 
@MarleeMatlin can't wait to read your book! Too bad it's going to take so long to get to Australia 
@missemilyjane42 That sounds like a damn fine night of music. Too bad Halifax is a million hours away from everywhere 
Mmph.  Too many hash browns at breakfast...or something.  Tummy hurts very muchly now.  
I think I'm dust.... Burnt down! Too hot.. 
I'm at campus. Last summer, was the best. Too bad my Fuffy Buns, Vanesssa can't go this year I miss my friend in Asia 
@FunkaliciousSam i know! Loved it! Too bad i just finished work couldn't fully enjoy it  ! I'm good how are you? X
@Tallkisscom Too Short to Join!!! Just above miget height here! But might make some tall women a nice &quot;Lap&quot; dog. 
@RLN49  Too funny!
@R1B Too bad.  Make it a good show 
4 letters. PROM. Tonight Too early to be awake, need as much energy for tonight. 
Me love L.A. Too   You goin to minette's party?
@Mstermind1 Well in the end it wasn't outside. Too much cleaning of the patio furniture involved. But it did turn out good! 
@JustAGiggle      Add a picture.   Too many zeros around in my opinion.  
@Rhianna_Thai Too broke for cocktails!! I should have just enough for pancakes 
@VayaG  my too, they were awesome )
@CourtneyEgg Just got up to get milk fo matthew... Me, johnny, matthew, and Riley in this bed! Too cute.  so happy...
@TonyMast Thanks for the shout-out!  Too bad Discovery seemed to bag on YouSpoof 2.0. I think MvC could have won.
@LindaTygenhof  Yeah, I like Cary Grant too. Too many favorites to list.
@GreenfairyNZ  Greenieee!  Youre in on this Project Too?? Muwahhhh!! 
@marilyngsanchez: Hey, that sounds neat! Too bad you're on the oposite side of the planet 
JJ Abrams wishes he'd directed The Philadelphia Story. Too cool. 
@DavidArchie i hadn't heard of POV until you posted about it, but now i love it. i can't stop listening to that &amp; Too Close for Comfort. 
@eighmee Chelsea match will be amazing!  Too bad we don't have more &quot;elite&quot; clubs visiting Seattle... someday....  
@crazierhorse  Close. Too many hot dogs...and beer 
@MickyFin Too bad you cannot preview a post.ly URL. Asked Posterous about it and they said they are working on it 
Awesome that the marathon passes right by my bed room window.  Woke up to some cheering.  Too bad it was not for me 
@ksimzzz Re: a) Too private for the Twitterverse... Re: b) True say... I'll get it on here asap.  
@bennylicious Too bad on the QI thing. Since you're not sworn to secrecy, got any secrets to share .. on anything? 
Amazing Race 2nd leg in Beijing. At Opera House now. Andrew and I were there. Fond memories. Too bad we didn't get to try the makeup 
@BhaDdqlamour You Aree Too Dumb ; _ but i lovee yu lol ; &amp; diqqin it odee _  &lt;3
@meaghannnnn Snowball sounds like fun.  Too bad your slow dance wasn't with Mr. Crush though.
@FifiFlowers Really!That's interesting.Too bad they didn't give me a People mag  I might have been able to accept the fact that it's gone!
@poeticblasphemy I see you finally got to set up your Avatar. Too Cool 
@petrilude OMG, you have curly hair! Too cute! 
@Jaimie_tv LOL no girl I'm only 17! Too young for college! But yay congrats to us  where does downtown graduate at?
At the coast. Too many people here i know.  i love you Nicci!
she like her , we like her too  ....lol
@RobMeDaWrongWay Wow! so he's a musician too! Pretty talented! 
@DavidArchie Yow! David! Your performance was...wow.  I'm looking forward to your concert this saturday! (Too bad I can't come. x_x)
@DavidArchie I caught your guesting in EatBulaga today...  Too bad I can't watch the MOA concert this coming Sat...
@designthinkers Arne, great you're here! Too bad, I'm gone now..  Meet you in Finland @ http://www.experience-servicedesign.com/
Lol my dad just said He's glad i'm home on time. Too bad i was half an hour late? Staying at melissa's 
Star Trek was great. Too many lense flares, and &quot; dammit jim I'm a doctor not a phyisist&quot; was a retarded line out of no where. Otherwise 
@mikelr75 Oh yes, Cedric. Too bad he died. The good ones always die young. No, Gregg watched it happily, smile on face. I was impressed! 
Yeah, that doesn't even make sense. Too tired to care! I danced like crazy for 3 hours straight.   
@Diibowah Too late, beat you to it. Won IC too. 
@lilshrimpit Buy some  Too bored to go out 
@patvandiest actually the collection of Coelho is mine.  Too bad Veronika isn't with me anymore. An aussie friend took it back home
@Mirantha Push bike I'm afraid. Too chicken for the motorised kind. And it wouldn't get me fit either  
is home from Disneyland. Too much fun 
@2DaWesternSky It was fun. Too many people, but good. We liked the HSM3 show 
@davidschneider  I'm now scratching head trying to remember which ad said &quot;Too orange-y for crows,it's just for me and my dog&quot;.Damn you!!
@aadisht But then, she'd have to bury the hatchet with Jaitley... Too much to ask. So I agree with you 
@NickHodge ROFL! Too true. 
@amybabydoll69 Oohh lol! Too many holly's! 
@teradawn that kid could be alex's twin   We have the same JD shirt and who could be without their green boots!  Too Cute!
19 days till the Reba concert in Dallas - Can't wait!!!!! Too Exciting!! 
@thenewbnb There was LibraryThing and iRead. But frankly, I don't know why I chose Shelfari over them. Too lazy to migrate to others! 
@hermantile If you drive from Cottonwood Pass into BV, you'll pass my house. Too bad I'll be working during the day. Call anyway. 
Just finished &quot;Too Much&quot;, now on &quot;2 Become 1&quot; 
Lovely short coffee break with @iankath. Too short. Definitely must get together again soon 
@ChrystallJane So many awesome old school shows  Too bad alot of tv nowadays sucks. Although i'm fond of Burn Notice on USA
@Miss_Melbourne Awwwww.. Too kind 
@imjstsayin You have AWESOME taste in music! Too bad I don't have enough props. x.x; Here, have some Queen.  ? http://blip.fm/~78tfy
@kandydevil If I make a dating site called &quot;Fat Kids Need Dates Too&quot; will you join? 
