Most common words for this cluster:
[('toronto', 162), ('montreal', 34), ('show', 13), ('i', 12), ('tomorrow', 9), ('na', 9), ('time', 9), ('day', 8), ('weather', 8), ('way', 7), ('miss', 6), ('lol', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Toronto', 0.9963574409484863), (u'Montreal', 0.818095862865448), (u'Edmonton', 0.7336211204528809), (u'Calgary', 0.7322146892547607), (u'Ottawa', 0.7309718132019043), (u'Winnipeg', 0.7193909287452698), (u'Vancouver', 0.7024036049842834), (u'Mississauga', 0.6728810667991638), (u'Guelph', 0.669033408164978), (u'Saskatoon', 0.6490717530250549)]





It's snowing again in Montreal 
@MickyCook yeah that would be fun. Same time as the movie release too... I missed Prophecy in 07. It was in Toronto 
@officialjman yes!!!!!! i can't wait to see, i could have been an extra but i couldn't make it to Toronto 
i have a cold  thanks to Montreal's stupid weather
@ddlovato Wish you were coming to Toronto. 
Who wants to invite me take a ride on the beach ?? I need it so much. There's no beach in Montreal 
@nicolerichie have fun in Toronto!! It was crazy cold today 
@giaaaa Aw, that's sick, but I almost died in Toronto last time I saw TSH there! I want to see them in MTL... I like our crowds better... 
oh no, its raining all day tomorrow in Toronto 
@chrisfromcanada We're moving in the summer so kids can finish the schoolyear. I'm excited but our teenager doesn't want to leave Toronto 
@P2C2E do you know where i can get a copy of Driven? heading to Toronto next week, need a copy! can't find it here 
@amylynngrover Hey! didnt see your message till now   how long are you in Toronto??
gah.need to go to Toronto for legal stuff  I don't feel like flying in for 2 days , and can't take time off work, but OHIP beckons me.
@chorale  2 older ones live in Montreal 500miles away don't see them much  sad
Feeling sad about my last day in Toronto. 
is leaving Toronto now 
http://twitpic.com/4incl - The tiny Porter plane that took me from Ottawa to Toronto. No wonder they are delayed in the bad weather 
@SaraIggy Noooo  I'm in Toronto, and I would love to, but just isn't possible right now! I'm thinking he's made a video of everyone!!!
In search of a good Fish Taco in Toronto - do they even exist here?? 
@prateekgupta Once in Montreal we went to a restaurant, they gave a french menu &amp; later served us only after servin french ppl first! 
@prateekgupta Once in Montreal we went to a restaurant, they gave a french menu &amp; served us only after servin french ppl first!  @fraands
@joegearhart Aw, sorry the Toronto zoo sucked 
In Atlanta waiting for my flight to Montreal.  
@wreckineyez we met u guys at the Toronto show last night...we saw u before the show..we we're waiting outside and forgot to take pics 
@Synergy1200 you were in Toronto and didn't tell me?! 
The arrival of cargo Red G5 to Toronto has been postponed til tomorrow afternoon.  gonna miss my lil bro's bday...he's been waiting 4 me!
looking forward to seeing the relatives... maybe home from Toronto soon 
Aw, not going to Toronto anymore. 
@katevoegele Why aren't you coming to Montreal? 
calling my name is a hospital in Toronto. leaving as soon as i get a flight  ill miss you! come back when im well i promise xo trizza
@IAMtheCOMMODORE yea well your not going to be #fullmooncrazy in Toronto  boo!
@GlitterGirlTV When they were performing in Toronto, I so wanted to go see it but didn't get a chance to 
@photoscanningca so I decide to move to Toronto and you and Em leave for Newmarket?!?  not gunna lie that hurts a little lol
@yveshache raining again in Montreal?  
@outofmyarse Aww I wish I could get bgt here in Toronto 
@EricBeato Toronto has been killing us all season so far. 
@jalenrose Toronto will get one...I hope  lol
@LMFAONEWS are in Toronto...what the fuck. HOW did I NOT know about this?!?!?! 
@leahreneemusic Your coming home to Toronto???? if you are i am soooo happy if you arent  cry cry
@7angela7 first news of the morning...one missing kid and another missing kid in Toronto found dead.    Someone send some sunshine.
Packed &amp; ready for airport. V important stuff going on here but I gotta keep roti on table &amp; can't be 2 places @ once  Warp .5 to Toronto!
had a great drive from Toronto to Tenn, weather was great, top was down, got a wicked sunburn 
@DavidArchie i WISH you were doing a Toronto show on tour 
@taylorswift13 that show made me want to go to your concert but you don't have one in Toronto 
out with some kool kids saying bye to evan whose leaving for Toronto tomorrow!!  gonna miss that boy.
@joeymcintyre Wish I could have breakfast with you, but I'm all the way in Toronto  20 days though baby xoxo
Why is Toronto so cold right now? I just came from yesterday damn near 90 degree weather... to Cold... im wearin a hoody son and im cold 
@davenavarro6767 I really wanna see you guys in Toronto!!! My missions is to find friendly scalpers 
@Trickiliz13 i know! lol Toronto only 4hrs but need passport now 
at tennis ofsaa in Toronto at the rexall center!! N the rain is slowing everything down 
missing Montreal already. i was bawling on the way out. 
@BetaLoft i guess your test market is utah - i was looking at starting something in Toronto and we were looking for something just like u 
It's official- our gang is getting smaller by the day  def gonna get on that Toronto trip
@MusicSavesLives Still nothing for Montreal, right? 
@CogsCougar Si I miss you....I wish you were coming to Toronto!  
Going to miss Transformers2 by a few days when I head to Montreal on the 17th. Brilliant timing. The lull between good flicks continues. 
Calle Gunnarsson till Toronto 
is beginning to get a hang of Twitter but... not big in Toronto yet 
Is officially giving up Toronto this July and coron this august due to unfortunate events that happened 
Bars are closing   afterhours helloew!  Toronto = yawn!
on my way to Toronto - so exhausted though .. I am not excited for the return trip 
@trvsbrkr http://twitpic.com/6o1c1 - Couldn't get tickets to Toronto - sold out in minutes...and I tried my best. 
@dtown1218 Toronto was just a stop on my way to Quebec, and totally worth it. I would actually do unreal things to see a Celtic game .. 
@brashlionroars Dude it could be worse.  Toronto show=$89+$18 in fees.    No way to sell out Toronto this time, @therealtoriamos.
$13 five band dollar..almost as amazing as @markhoppus and blink's tour for $20. too bad I missed out in Montreal 
kicking up our sore feet back @ the hotel room, then off in search of some good sangria! Last night in Montreal 
@lightsintokyo ah! you got Blink tickets? I was going to get pre-sale tickets. But I was flying back from Toronto when they were on sale 
so hot in Toronto 
back from the big T.O! miss my Toronto  back in Shitby!
@ErikSchmidt3001 Supposed to rain in Toronto too, but gotta train too. I Coach proncial mens Beach team. I feel ur pain. rain + cold = 
Leaving for Toronto in about an hour. Looks like the weather is as crappy there as here. 
@caithead Owl City is coming to Toronto September 14th, I might wanna go, come with? Except will you be in Ottawa?? 
I missed the sales for the blink 182 concert in Toronto!  can somebody help me?
Toronto 2 Montreal night shift run, FedEx. Yay me.  
I'm glad to be home, but I wish I was still in Toronto 
@bettynguyencnn Chuy's rules! I wish they had one here in Toronto. 
@JohnnyGWeir Go to bed early    I hope you'll enjoy your stay in Toronto.Sarangheyo .
Hey ppls what's up the weather is more than amazing here in Toronto still wishing I was in the A with all my closest friends tho 
I wish the #Phoenix gig was tomorrow nite instead of this evening here in #Toronto. I can't go tonite 
All the talk about Toronto in my office makes me have a homesick kinda day  
@jaushe I miss Toronto 
@johnarobertson unfortunately I'm still in Toronto... just a normal work day 
I wanna stay in Shanghai but I wanna go back to Toronto. 
@NKOTB i really wish i could meet you guys!  I'm going to the concert in Toronto but my seats are at the back 
is really missing her Montreal bound girlfriend... 
Is in Toronto, alone 
@JasonJMikeMgmt be going to any show's well I couldn't handle it so I'm flying to Toronto and Montreal........I feel bummed now  (cont...)
I'm watching 'Breakfast with Scot' while doing some knitting. It's making me seriously &quot;homesick&quot; for Toronto. 
Aww.  An elephant died over the weekend at the Toronto Zoo after another elephant shoved her to the ground over some food.
Firefit competition not scheduled for Toronto this year.  So sad 
@Rachelle_Lefevr I wish there was a Twi-con in Toronto or Montreal  but it's awesome you get out to as much as you can.
@JordanKnight  sending you a TWUG!!!!  but I won't squeeze too hard, I know you back hurts.   feel better soon, see you in Toronto! xoxo
@ddlovato I wish the PPP Premiere was in Montreal. I can't go to Toronto 
@MsSouthTrinidad how are you enjoying the festivities? It's settin up to rain in Toronto 
@ddlovato, I wish you were coming to Toronto during your tour 
@yelyahwilliams have a great show tonight in Montreal!!!I can't go cuz tomorrow I go to school 
I'm on a boat in Toronto Harbour...and it's raining 
Thinking in my new life when i will be in canada  and I dont have candian friends in Toronto 
Thinking in my new life when i will be in canada and I dont have canadian friends in Toronto   ... what a pity !!
I miss the city and Toronto 
@ddlovato i wish I could go to the premiere in Toronto.. my mom said for a show, she would drive me 6 hours, but not a premiere 
@selenagomez horrible day to come to toronto, rainn suckssss  i wish it felt like summer in Toronto
@LaurenConrad i second that rain removal request from Toronto 
4 days of Vancouver weather in Toronto 
waaant to go see thew weeZy's concert in Montreal, the 5aout 
@biggame2175 u took the sun away from Toronto  
@Miche77eR on or in? .. Catch some rays for me.. Its so rainy in Toronto 
It's raining in Toronto 
So upset I cant see @NPSH  in Toronto  -cries-
@pameladetlor thanks! Wish we could make it all the way over to Toronto  but alas we arent that cool yet
@jessejane its cold and rainy in Toronto 
Oh oh Toronto is up 4-1 over Montreal. If they score one more goal and not let any in. No championship for Vancouver  22 mins left.
@BrodyDalle please come to Montreal   2004 is like 5 years ago!
@Real_DavidCook David, how come you never stop in Toronto for your tour  We love you too .. 
Watching my girl's graduation streamed life from Ryerson University in Toronto! I wish I was there 
Funding battle with Ottawa could sidetrack Toronto streetcar project http://tinyurl.com/n8vkcc (via @CBCNews). Useless federal gov't. 
really hopes she can go to Toronto 
Man it cancel we are not going in Toronto 
@cocolowecoco If I would have found this out this morning. I would be in Toronto right now. 
@babygirlparis  aahhh i wish i was there!! I live there but I'm currently in Toronto.. I miss Dubai!! 
raining tomorrow in Toronto  that just ruined our plans @SabrinnaD    (N)
I'm in Toronto......again 
I want to wonder around Toronto tomorrow for mmvas but no one to go with 
@ NXNE music festival Toronto - don't understand they got my man Relic on @ 3am.  This is crazy yo, I'm still up what I do for music 
8 am, I feel like I'm going puke - working til 3, the driving to Toronto(ish) area.. &amp; I have to be up really early again tomorrow 
@frenchiep wish i could be there  pick me up on ur way down? i live right in Toronto xD
what a crazy weekend for Toronto! wish i could partake 
@JONSGIRL6769 it's raining in Toronto too 
@kristennnnnnn I want her at the Toronto show  haha
@DonnieWahlberg thank you for your all! show #19 Sunday! i'm ready for face time! went on cruise and got none  my last shot in Toronto!
@ebassman Montreal is an amazing city! I love it!  I used to live about 60 miles from it...haven't been there in about 6 years 
Wishing I was in Toronto 
@ddlovato awwww  that sucks!  did you love Toronto?  i was going to come down to see you, but my mom wouldnt let me 
@chucktheceo I'm fine, getting ready for Montreal... And tryin to detox from the web/twitter cuz I wont have internet there 
@officialTila i would come but I'm in Toronto... too far 
@Cheeeeeeks No, I didn't get to meet GaGa in Toronto.    I nearly passed out at the show, too!  I had to see the paramedic on stand by.
@xoKatrinaC no haha thats in Toronto I'm in Edmonton so far away lol. I never even been out of the province!  but I will be someday haha
I dunno how I'm gonna have time for all this, haha. I'm mostly gonna be in #Barrie and not in #Toronto  Much scheduling is in order.
Heading back to Toronto today a little early though 
@MuchMusic I hate my life, I can't go and I'm going to be in Toronto at the time too. 
@JesseMcCartney I was at the club in Montreal with a friend, 'cept we had to leave just as you got there 
@THE_WOCKEEZ have a blast!!!!  Wish I was in Toronto today.  
@PerezHilton The black eyed peas suck! totally crappy that your trip to Toronto turned out like this 
Thinking of going to @linuxsymposium since it's in Montreal... But without a job... it's hard to pay the entry fee 
@officialTila Aww what time are you leaving? Toronto will miss you  xoxoxoxo
@joeymcintyre U have to come back, I didn't get to give my book in Montreal cause no one knew where to put it when I went looking 
@backstreetboys I have booster cables, but they're in Toronto.....  
@tbsmusic get off twitter and into my nearest concert venue! Toronto show was cancelled  I'm sad. Is everything ok?
when the hellll is @SongzYuuup gon reach Toronto! become impatient 
ugh ... this Toronto heat is brutal! where oh where has my winter gone  lol
wants to go to the All Time Low gig in Toronto on July 15th.  @AlexAllTimeLow why are you only in Toronto ON once? 
@ericwareheim howzabout bringing the awesome tour to Toronto? Canadians are missing out 
haven't updated in a while...and wishes Toronto wasn't so effing hot 
. . . So; am I the only one in Toronto who realizes outside? Hmm  so damn uglY !
@MissGoogle Dubai to Montreal, not a big relocation shock is it ? 
back in Montreal, missing the sun, the ocean, the desert, and my oh my the good looking boys....but hey at least ive got awesome friends 
In Toronto! Next stop: LAX 
@hellodelishiss ur line rocks crystal! it needs to come to Toronto! 
back to Toronto 
@OliverRanch I have cousins in Toronto and try to visit 2 or 3 times a year. Doesn't always work out but I try. 
@rxmxa Thank goodness it'll be opening here in Toronto!! 
Great weekend spring weather in Toronto. 
@MussoMitchel I demanded Toronto, Ontario! 
@jasonsalas thanks Jason! Its my new ballin' Toronto Blue Jays hat 
OH: @jasonsalas thanks Jason! Its my new ballin' Toronto Blue Jays hat  http://tinyurl.com/czmspk
Getting ready to go to Montreal for a week 
@lilyroseallen Lily, your show is sold out in Toronto. Hide some tickets in my mailbox 
Shopping in Toronto today? I think so! 
@DonnieWahlberg If a house call is what we need to get you back in Montreal, you're on baby 
paper plane to Toronto in 2 hours 
I am babysitting my little sister London. and hoping that I can go see the Jonas Brothers this summer in Toronto 
Gorgeous day to be out and about in Toronto! 
is home from Toronto-  what a weekend 
Oh! And now it's 2:22am here in Toronto 
@DonnieWahlberg In Toronto  waiting for YOU!!! 48 days to go! 
@jeremycowart http://onoir.com try to go if you can. I tell everyone who goes to Montreal to check it out. Even people who live there 
@NikkiBenz The Hulk, great movie  You might recognize Toronto's Younge Street in some of the fight scenes.
@ilovecpstyle Sitting in Toronto airport - thinking of you 
sun is shining to the west of me and it is dark and cloudy to the east...and so goes the day in Toronto 
@Canadian_Jai Toronto is a great city.  Less ruthless than Montreal, but every bit as cool 
home sweet home, so quiet here compared to Toronto. still on holidays, party tomorrow in Duoro, small town style! 
check out new @mtrench tour dates on their myspace  I'm so jealous I can't go to the Toronto shooow!
@strombo I don't know Toronto specifically, but the public library and schools will always take books. 
In Toronto, free WiFi is everywhere! I like it 
Getting ready for Toronto !! 
@donnyepstein Toronto gate? we would all be sooooo happy 
@senorkaos Oh you are soooo right?   Of course, I'm a tad biased.  Toronto right here Monsieur Kaos!
@lizandkevin Hello I am not in Toronto but maybe I can help 
Making use of free wifi at Vancouver Airport before heading off to Toronto 
