Most common words for this cluster:
[('town', 481), ('day', 18), ('home', 16), ('farm', 15), ('weekend', 15), ('today', 14), ('village', 14), ('cape', 14), ('night', 14), ('people', 10), ('hometown', 10), ('lol', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'town', 0.9383051991462708), (u'village', 0.6921358704566956), (u'hamlet', 0.6700524687767029), (u'towns', 0.6569477319717407), (u'city', 0.6450743675231934), (u'Town', 0.626004159450531), (u'Lawrence_Arvey_skipped', 0.5862756967544556), (u'Al_Bu_Faraj', 0.5803564190864563), (u'councilor_Carmen_Ocana', 0.5593842267990112), (u'villiage', 0.5578029751777649)]





going thru town and traffic on bypass is stink 
ooooooooooooh my headddd  uncle johnny i never should have agreed to work the town election for you when I got that drunk last night....ow
want to go into town but don't really feel like walking down their on my own 
Has been swimming this morning to help with back ache only then we walked into town and it hurts again 
is feeling better but still not back to herself... also pretty sad that Adrian is going out of town again tomorrow... stupid job 
were NOT going outta town 
Friends not living in this area of town anymore sucks for going out and drinking nights and driving/cab/ride issues. 
doesnt really like when matthew goes out of town 
@thatwemightfly I'm so sorry, I'm out of town. 
@4cal I was out of town 
hearing bling live now just makes me miss the sam's town tour so much more 
needs to get out of this town.. why do i keep myself here!?!! I can't make excuses anymore.. I want out 
Bro Town is in it's last season ever! Lyonesse is in mourning 
@tattooedmommie who won? I'm out of town so I couldn't order it 
@taylorswift13 i want to go to your concert but you are not comeing close to my town 
Peace out A-town  hello rainy champaign
The dead were in town last two nights. And I felt nothing.  it's tough to get old.
@xoxo_tiffy they're totally misrepresenting B-town 
its FREEZING in Cape Town  where is the sun????????/
It's one cold south africa this morning... Except for cape town 
wow this movie 'zombie town' suckssss majorly. wow. what a disgrace 
I want to be in a town that smells like chocolate!!! 
It's raining in Cape Town and I want to ride my bicycle... tired of being stuck in doors 
@GREGMIKE dag! I would have been down but I just made it into k town 
mom and dad out of town............  &lt;3
@neilhimself I want a free comic book but my town is so small I'd have to drive 45 minutes to get it. 
Grandparents are in town.....should be an interesting weekend....they don't like my puppy 
just talked to my beau.. he's 330 miles away in a college town hopefully not partyin it up w/ some b****s  i miss him
is enjoying a bit a waynes world 2 before i have to put up with working in a town pub on bank holiday sunday 
i want the bed on the furniture village advert that has a massive telly in it 
had to settle for the village, everywhere else was too packed 
showed up in montague just as stuff was ending  But enjoyed running around, eating food, and exploring old buildings in the deserted town.
too bad hubby is out of town...  
not going to see signature and same difference   there's no buses up town, and i can't get a lift up town 
@levdawg i didn't even know he was in town  
I'm sleepy, sleepy, sleepy. The person I want to cuddle with is 1000 miles away 
In whistler. Canucks  Taking an evening stroll in the whistler village.
@LatayaOttman I'm not gonna be in town  I'm going to my campsite in the states
There is nothing to do in this s**t hole of a town!!!! 
don't really have much to tweet about, last full day with the gf in town 
@danslee yeah, me too, I used to enjoy travelling w/Enfield Town, all gone wrong now - houses on their old ground 
Wishing my mommy was here in town 
@sjrozas where did she go? I'd like to leave town! 
@paisleypear hugs, again, darling.  When are you in town? We need some DRAGONQUEST.
@odarling I feel like poop! and need to get so much done today before I even think about training it back to N-town! 
Just back from a run into town and its not warm at all out there 
@superherogirl it doesn't start until 4...I'm going to be leaving town around then  Next week I'm definately going to see it
The boy is out of town 
is leaving to go up town .. my shoulder is gone.. :/ i think soccer is off the menu today 
Is sad I didnt get chosen for a profile in my home town magazine!  feeling a little discourged!!!!
Has no power on her side of town  
@ImJustMylan just chilln....missn my hometown though 
is hating this cape town weather! Totally *sucks* staying in doors 24/7! 
just made an attempt to squat a building in town ~ door was to solid and too many people around to make more noise 
supposed to go watch the 5k run in town. and now it's supposed to rain  booo.
Last morning coffee with the parents in town. 
too many decisions today! coast or hoodriver, but I have things in town i have to do. 
Wanting to get out and cruise town and visit other churches. But not sure if my open wound could handle it 
@gabehabe i dont think i could do that  maybe a town map but the houses and sprites...
 2pm, lunchtime is over and da boss is back in town...
I do NOT want to be awake right now. And starbucks is on the wrong side of town 
woo showered at last, then a trip out into town, exciting shopping it's not tho 
 moving out of town soon..thought the time was so far away but it's not ;-(
I want to leave this town 
From a three-sport town to a one-sport town in four days. So sad 
chris is out of town for a week!!!!  
@powaiinfo damn dude wont possible on 23rd, as i m not in town, out of town for my engagement 
@mvnz naughty! i would... but no one's in town 
getting ready to hit the town.. although the boy i want to see is going home 
All the women on town look like they have been dressed by gay pirates, in the dark. I have been away too long 
@boomchick  i wish we could hang out this weekend! give me a call when you get back in town.
I wish i was in town right now, but am on the bus home instead 
@ashbymh my sister will be in town &amp; we want to go out sat. night.  you in? p.s. i WAS looking for richard! but sadly he didn't appear... 
@RadhiLadd I wish I was in town 
@Robviktum I wish i could make it, i take the train from fort worth so i have to stay in the down town/ deep elm area when i come 
@rickgalan so you'll be out of town on saturday too huh? 
booo stuck in town- two buses home 
@NairArun And I am not in town 
@juhidee119 I havent liked anybody in about 2 years now. Really I live in small town, not many opportunities 
@addyx21 My mom is out of town so I can't do anything, but I will do that. 
having fun watching so you think you can dance....the seattle audtions are intersting...wat up with my home town? 
Cape Town was spitting all morning - now that im behind this desk; the sun comes out...perfect timing 
wishing i could go out of town this weekend 
@eddieishere can only walk on streets as am in london town....no fields 
can u believe the architect who planned a tar-black promenade in this small town won an international prize?and everyone who walks &amp; jogs 
@RemiRockit sounds like my town 
Trying to find a foreign place in a foreign town  i have being lost
@alexxxpatterson we won't be in town  email me if there is another one though.
is nervous about getting a house out in town 
@TheProperHarlot ru in O-town? tried to text you but your # is a landline 
@mapearls I wish u weren't sick ... It's the perfect night for wine at town square... 
Why is it raining?! I plan to go out of town next week! 
Wondering where to go tonight since my boyfriend is out of town. 
away to get ready and go into town, must be crazy going on a saturday...screaming kids galore...can't wait   
@volupty ohh she might be so nice *-* i don't see them enough too, they doesn't live in the same town as mine 
Wants to just sit and play xbox but has to go into town apparently 
is across town and missing out on the family meet up at Seven Sisters 
@xkathyxrocksx ahw  oh well. come seeee me so we can be random in town?
is dressed and heading into town 
Is heading back to the burg to work again 
back to the burg 
in my home town we have a strom and is raining  
Just got back from town and I'm now bored 
What's this world coming to? The line @ mcdonalds is longer than at any of the great local restaurants in town 
@lamecasper   I really wish I could come but i'm out of town this weekend.
@fsiler I would totally go if I was in town!  sorry 
thinking of my hometown  why cant i be there?
So i'm in your town, i miss you like crazy and i can't even see you tonight 
@kellyappleby I wish I could go out there to intern also...but I doubt I'll ever get very far from this town 
went for a nice family stroll at reston town center, said no to the new gelato place... 
They are all busy or out of town.... 
@ryanrox D: i was in town yesterday 
@MzSocialBfly brownie supply is out of town 
@JavaJunky I LOOOOOOVE bubble tea!!!!!!! the only place that i knew of here in town that had it went out of business a couple months ago  
@tif2tk I wanna be in L-Town 
So much for seeing night at the museum, nadine's out of town 
@djeagleeye Wish I was in H-town 
@ladymaryann i do, but my parents dont  i miss it there so much! this town im living in now is boring as hell. lol
@howardcwucwu shoot! You go to btown when im  not in town 
@howardcwu shoot! You go to btown when im not in town 
i hate being ill.  means i cant paint the town red tonight 
Isn't it enough I walked the two miles into town? Why do I have to walk another half a mile around stupid people? 
Out of town ..I miss being home  sad ....
weekends are too short  headed back to H-Town
it ruined the fiesta we had in our village this afternoon 
@anna_mcb me and sophie were trying to hunt you down yesterday in town but alas we couldnt find ye 
@MarioAquino sorry man.. wasnt able to connect to twitter while in town last night. 
Leaving o town 
Going back to the westside of town 
On my way into town for karaoke, bus stuck in traffic, not good 
That's very nice..my daughters live in town and they come around only when they want something 
@ypadam no, the little town of new bern don't have none of them fancy theaters yet.  
@Skadelanda i'm so jealous.... but i'm going to be out of town for that show! 
@justmeiguess I gotta work on our day  another girl is going out of town.
isn't in her hometown any more. so sadd. 
I have to go into town, really don't want to at all 
i don't have a hometown on hills 
I miss mommy and daddy!!!  I can't recall a summer where they actually stayed in town.
. . Anyone chillin in town later? Cba to go home after college  x
forgot to register for the town wide yard sale... now it's to late... 
@ThePBG wish I could roll but I will be out of town 
shoulda stayed in town. So cloudy here 
Not going to make it into town now, have to do another run in my swimming trunks 
this odeon in town does my head in 
@mrkbttst I am still working on my farm in farm town, wish you were there  I am so hooked I am loosing sleep.
@tarakuhlow   awesome! I missed them when they came into town a few weeks ago  trying to see where I can fly to to catch 'em
I can't wait to get out of this town 
sister is here.. i wish i could take her &lt;3 break away   hangin around town
I really miss working down town 
@houstondogshow way bummed that I'll be out of town for this years show! 
@mariannathomas I'm out of town. 
@MikeyMcFly no, i'll be outta town  you?
@faunlet its so hard when they're hq is in your hometown 
@sherryjonas ugh wait i cant go..i'll be out of town 
gah! why is ice age 3 on at 17:50? i don't get into town till 18:00  not impressed
@thetake naw you guys played in my town, but at the other school! i was so upset. my friend told me and i almost cried! 
@dmeeno Ahhh shame, i could go some sushi right now, but that would involve me moving to get ready to go into town. 
@RayNiblock yeah well boy 2 is out of town and I'm bored 
@Bubblegumneko he i weren't out of town... 
Is waiting for her family to get in from out of town ... hopefully cody will be okay 
@tuttle88 I know how you feel. I want to make a town of slacker kleptomaniacs 
@ballin1278 aw man! I'm at work still.  how long are you in town?
@XkissthecupidX all they have in my town is breakfast foods 
@LexiFriday no, i won't be in town!  i'm sad cause i get back just like two days after haha. say hi to everyone for me if you're going!
@KeishaNicole so im mad cause the boys are in town and i didn't know 
@BrookeDavis_x @danger_skies I can't afford the cinema now, had to get a taxi back from town last night. Sorryyyy 
@eamonncarey it's the last fishmongers in town I think. All gonesies 
@SamHolmes In town 
@mat_harris sorry I didn't get to see you guys when you were in town   come back soon? lol
@whatevershesaid if I was in town I'd definitely be going, I missed out last time too 
is excited to have his nephews in town... but not happy about waking up at 6:30am.  
@lacrosland I officially hate it when people come into town, and don't hang out... 
Is so missing a nite round the gay village manchester 
I think that summer has become such a conundrum for me, with all this rain.  No money, no boyfriend in town 
@jeremyschneyer So sad to miss your sale, I'll be out of town. 
so, I had the date wrong for drew + vanesa's in-town wedding reception. I was really looking forward to hanging out with old co-workers. 
@futuresex i can't figure out how to start a new game/household so they're in an existing town. i want to play both sets of neighbors. 
@wesleyadamquinn what whatt I didn't know yall was going to boston?!! I just left for the other side of town! 
I wish my bae was in town so he could hold up my bar 4 me right now 
@Phoena I do, my town does not! 
had fun in town and an ace night but it just wasn't the same as something, or some people, were missing 
Disappointed that my bff is not coming into town this weekend 
i wish keith was back in town already! 
@ladymaryann ur not at town 
@AKNickerson  no idea. it used to be on display in the town hall. I'll see if I can find out if it's still there. (i.e. ask my mom)
@chelsea_playboy then I can't annoy you  lol. The town I live in has backpackers working at the pub...I love picking on accents =P
going to watch some supernatural, there is nothing to do, since my mum has left for town without me 
is back in london town with a huge hangover 
it is so cold and dreary in cape town 
argh my dads making me go to the town  i cba 
birmingham O2 academy, just looked at the new address for it, why is it on the outskirts of town? the old one was at least right in town! 
@fu8ar You are a 2nd year IMD student at J-Town, not a third :p Technically. Also, your blog link won't work 
@scampbell734 aawww are you in town alone  it's raining!
just back from town, was looking for a dress, didn't find one 
@thorpus you're making me miss my hometown 
@ultracurt no  I ll be in town on the 19th with @nikfreeman.  I went to the gym this morning.
@joelgoodman yikes. I'd probably be doing the same if I wasn't out of town 
@thuyanj1 you're in my town and no love? 
bummed that I have to work on the last day my family is in town... 
lovely evening ruined by weird scary non fight on bus  hate walking through town!
I saw that dude in town today! x) barely anyone was in town today 
It stinks not having a lot of friends in this town. 
Is disappointed  barrrrrh  just got in from town
is home and that was the first time we went to the lake and not stay   now im going to see my cuz's that are in town!!!!
@7spitta naw...my weedman is outta town 
No one is in town! 
@bowwow614 i wish u guys were out in my town 
i feel so lame just here in the house. all my friends are with significant other or out of town 
thinks twitter should show town people come from. i am looking for family and cannot find them 
@BCS86 So you weren't gonna let me know you were in town  What time you leaving?
@cardcaptorstace ooh how much and where from? It was sold out yesturday in town 
@djdrizzle you're not even that far from us smh should have stopped in D-town 
i need to go  into town need some more food ive got none left  
@emmarossx great :| a dnt wanty be in long a hate the town 
I need to get OUT of town 
bex is back in town! twitter booted me out as i went over my limits  lol
So sad to leave the town this morning 
town tomorrowww. window shopping cos im brokee. 
@mmwade left  but @rlhasie is back in town!
has only 2 more days in town 
i wish i was at the beach with my friends.  i dont wanna leave town for a week
i want my friends back in town 
@7News i know i heard. it was in the same town as me. the kid was air lifted and flown from falmouth hospital to boston. 
found out that kelly clarkson will be @ the county fair the same weekend  i'll be out of town 
laying in bed!! soo lonely!! lol my main squeez is out of town 
Feeling sad because my friend will be leaving town. 
@Nataliee_ we're not aloud  and i walked through the middle of town, with it, looking like an idiot xD
@SupaChiinga There have been 4 confirmed cases of it in the town that I live in 
grrr. my town has closed down the main road to the center of town. so driving to my son's school will require a loop though another town. 
has just found out jeremy kyle is in town TODAY. gutttted 
just went to the p.o. and noticed all of the for sale and lease signs on most of the businesses..i hope we don't become a ghost town 
everyone is going out of town this weekend  
@AvArFieldAgent They searched the fields here in A-Town when the story first broke for her body.  
@shanalogic : &amp; sorry i didnt get back sooner. lol.. been out of town &amp; my laptops down, so havent' been able to get on.  but you're
@janaebella awesome...what sort of tours?...are you trying to say you cant hang out with me in h town and let me show you around??? 
says I badly needed a neighbor sa farm town..  http://plurk.com/p/116rsj
so bored...there's nothing to do in this town 
@BRITCHIX would u turn on xmas lights this year at all? i ask caus my town is looking 4 some1. i may suggest you. its only small town tho 
What I MEANT to do was something clever using the lyrics from This Town but it FAILED by sending before I was done. 
saftey town is gay. mad b/c i cant get my licence, just ben a bad day. 
@_shanika_ I tried mad torrents before I bought it...they won't install the file for the town for some reason.  I'll look 2morrow though
@WichitaCindy I will be out of town.  possibly another time?
Ah. I wish i didn't live in a small town. 
4 hour town council meetings are a bit much. 
@bombDUH me too!  morre! he still havent got back in town? no sign of the moving broken truck?
@cadamsm21 ahhh did you watch weeds tonight. im out of town tonight, so i missed it 
@laurensvo so I was asleep when I passed back through your town 
I nearly got into a fight in town  both of us following the wall like rats!
is desperately missing Cape Town  .... make that anywhere that isn't here... that is a large city.... that.. oh to hell with it!
@BUDDHATRON send my love to that side of town! ugh, i miss it 
two people got shot in our town within 3 days 
I don't want it to be summer break! And i want a house in town 
On the town applying for jobs...that I probably won't get hired for 
pmore is in town  where am I? not where they are 
@KRANGofEZACCESS My brother is coming into town for his b day so I don't think I will be able to make it homey  
There's no food from my home town at hometown 
@charitaa town once so far, so i didnt really get to look for one yet  but we caught a tiny fish and let it go into the pool and i died ha
@TheMarkWilliams you're in town? i wish i could go to ak 
@theBrandiCyrus so lucky! In a rainy village in the uk 
The lake is like a ghost town. No fishies. 
@jenfrazer  I gained 10lbs while out of town. I've already lost 5, but I understand your frustration. It'll all be good soon!
How is possible that the ONE night this event is scheduled, every single one of our previously-offered sitters is out of town or busy?  
@discolem0nade They were in town last night, but I didn't get to go. 
is missing his baby blue who's out of town 
@magnichic it's almost overrrr... when they introduce a new town the season is always so shortt 
realizing that it really takes a village to put a book together; luckily, most of the villagers are so nice/helpful! legal dept. later 
@totpick oh shoot! I want em. But I'm out of town 
Really tired of small town small minded people. I thought I was done with all this. 
@bsniddles family in town   hard to get on the webs
You know you've been in a foreign town too long/often when: you get asked for directions and are able to give them. 
You know you've been in a foreign town too long/often when: you go for a walkabout without a map and don't get lost 
In geography boring man! And i need some money for town on saturday 
my name is lapurpa and im a farm town addict 
its raining in p-town 
people going out of town people coming into town .... and I am just stuck here  
@jenniecph no, not the kbh, but taarnby. I live in a village you know - just outside the town border so unfort can't help w/ k. bondham 
@billythekid The town wasn't too busy but the car-park was heaving  And full of numpties &gt;
@iyaDedE awwwwww, perfect location and i will be out of town 
@LovelandChamber I'd love to be there but I'll be out of town. 
not going to old town today 
@ThisIsRobThomas wish I could have met you while u were in town! 
In town all day, back now and all I got was earphones 
I miss my home town temecula 
boo. probably won't get in to see small towns tonight. disappointing 
is getting totaly addicted to farm town on facebook 
@grandmabomb ugh! I wish I was in town, meep! 
sleepy sleepy sleepy but I must going to the campus 
@zenametal I caught it the last two years, will miss in now that I'm not in town! 
@jennzillar yeah  if we're near a town I might try to see if I have service but I don't know if it will work.
@alydenisof thanks for reminding me that my girlfriend is out of town and I can't hug her 
Cruising around at 2am not another soul around. This place is a ghost town. 
@dambinatrix I'll be out of town 
@laynemontgomery whoa. they're playing here but I won't be in town when they do. 
@hajime That's my hometown 
isn't happy shehas to go all the way into town this morning 
i'm painting the town....eeeh... eggshell 
feeling ill but got to cycle into town to visit natwest and photocopy my passport... 
waking up--gotta go down town 
is up and going into town, hope it doesnt raiin 
has become slightly addicted to facebook farm town 
hoping i wont be too busy to see josh in town next week 
How rubbish, o2 won't let me prebook the new iPhone in town so going to have join the queue at 9:02 
@amylizmartin  i will be out of town! unless the event is in denver. then, i am there!
the town I am in today is so bland. The hotel is even worse...yuck.   I feel gross just being indoors right now.
@bryanbb120 ahh pshh. well we'll see how cool it is. I'll be out of town this weekend!!  how will you ever survive?!
@theakas its a sad day when u leave town 
Aww; back in cumberland. This town sucks. 
i wanna move to the north west side of town 
I wish I could be in town in time for @danecook 
GOin out of Town!!!!!! I hate my job. 
@mileless I wish I were going to be in town! 
I wish I didn't live so far from town 
@cliffpower I'll be out of town for Transformers 
@frostedblakes yeah, that'd be fun. But I dont get back in town till next weekend 
@StarSlay3r I'd roll out to help, but you'd have to wait 4 hours for me to drive into town.  
The fair is in town, Carnies scare me so much! 
@brainvat efficient driving is frowned upon in the village. 
this bed is really big and my toes are cold. the human furnace is out of town on business. 
realy wishes she had got a ticket to sherwood forest pines to see MCFLYY  who cares if i cant see lol its my bloody home town 
@kalluK yes i m in town and i do not like pune at all! my 11 o clock meeting is not yet here 
nobody in this town has zoo tycoon 
feels so lost at farm town..can anybody play mine for me..?  http://plurk.com/p/125kgj
no one wants to hire me in the marketplace...  farm town!
wo yao chi town 
is addicted to farm town [dang rona!]  http://plurk.com/p/126e68
Waiting for my bus...ugh, i hate my town 
my really good friend lost her purse today in town.. 
There's a little creepy house in a little creepy place. little creepy town in a little creepy world .. &lt;3.. .. I love him so much 
@minkus That's crazy... even my small town in ohio has those! I'm sad for you 
3 gay men were assaulted in a nearby town this morning (hate crime)  so sad. I wish I could hug them.
@kristelwyman would LOVE to hit anton's, but in-laws in town. 
@Asianbadger If you're talking the 7/3 event, I won't be in town 
@atlantabarstarz hey now those r the only nights I'm in town so that's all I got 
@Emmerac I didn't find the deli.  I looked the other day when I was in town, and just didn't find it.  so sad.
@NevadaWolf A bunch got grabbed here in town, too. All placed on the same day. 
twitter is a ghost town right now 
missing out on a few parties tonight.  Suddenly resenting living so far out of town.
@corysparks my friends not in town   I'm thinking about running away from this hospital LOL
 Farm Town isn't connecting for me. And I have crops that need to be harvested. #fb
well it's been the same old day in this town but my head won't stop hanging down   :: http://www.myspace.com/danmillsmusic ::
found out the local circus that was in town shut down after a day due to protesters...the older i get the less i like zoos and circuses. 
@andrearae13 i knooow me too!b but im out of town right now 
well it's been the same old day in this town but my head won't stop hanging down                     http://www.myspace.com/danmillsmusic
Aww @JrocFamousAmos wish I was in town 
@tamye  would love to, but I have family in town next weekend.
@ellieowendesign  trash and I think it was in my hometown. 
I've spent an hour an ten minutes just staring at the screen.. ahh. this farm town sucks. 
@prototypepro no net here dude   its like the town has been shut down
@MagpieSparkles haha! i've been into town and back by 10.30 this morning! silly hayfever 
wanting a snuggly night and a movie.. not hitting town!  ahhh.
I'm going out of town so i wont be posting so much 
bored stiff no-one is in town 
trying to decide if I want to wander around town...then realized i don't have a reliable vehicle yet  #fb
i love only one guy, who liven`t here in my town 
@standardatl: why u gotta do it when I'm out of town 
escaping the buzzling j-town for the weekend.. just that we took a wrong route 
tried to get to the worthington farmer's market early but everyone else in the whole town beat me to it. no place to park so gave up. 
@shaunamei oh no! i'm not in town  how long are u here???
http://twitpic.com/7wwb9 - At least she enjoyed one last night on the town 
@DramaBeats is in my town and i cant even meet him  im so upset! i really wish he was having something for the teens who wanna meet him 
feel blank..!! So sick of this town 
Really wishes everybody was back in town... 
@LizAdams_ its all the twittering you twitter whore. you didnt reply to me asking about town either you know 
wow, town is deader than usual 
There is a motorcycle in the town we are staying in this weekend. All these bikes &amp; we don't have ours! 
@nostrich Some good shows coming through town, wish you were here dude 
it's raining in the village 
I'm wishing someone was in town 
Out about town running errands.  Would rather be home creating things. 
@Dariyenn I might not be in town but it's still up in the air! K 
@jillzzzy no  not anymore. They moved back into town. :'-(
@LostInTangent we need some real suits here, i got to see so many of them back in chi-town, definitely miss'em 
Packing to leave B-town 
Roadtripping in the mainland is always fun and challenging.... I wish every town has decent hotel, sometimes they don't... 
Is stuck in town until the race ends. There are no shops open. 
going to cook some burgers 4 t...wishing i was home in cape town w my family. miss you guys 
@Jonasbrothers wishing there was a show closer to my town so I could go 
the jonas brothers are in town and yet im not going to see them 
@kalebnation aww im out of town 
@thedonp i wish i would be in town. 
is missing my husband.... I hate it when he is out of town 
I heard! We didnt get it on my side of town. 
@chantelnicole i heard! we didnt get it on my side of town. 
@BerksBess do not know, rarely get up to volcano village  there are some great thai places here in hilo town though ...
@tmassey man, the day u send an invite, I'm out of town.  
Just got into town.. I need so much sleep but have so much to do this afternoon 
I just deleted my animal crossing town because I hadn't checked it in 5 months  but I made a new one!
The whole front page of the town newspaper is about the little girl who died. I'm very sad. 
@cwdaniels wish I knew you were in town 
@jeanese08 gonna be out of town  We might be back home by then though
@MadamSalami went to town for that meeting and bought a top in town. ust tires me out so much  oh, and the top is green stripes not black!
The boss is back in town 
wants to apologize to my Farm Town friends - not been on for awhile 
is back in F-Town...miss my boofs already 
i could really go for some dunkin donuts right now!  dang this small town i live in!
craving some bulgogi. too bad none to be found near me.  down side of living in small town.
why is my dumb small town out to show me how perfect my small little world is: if you ride your bike in the park everyone's lol at you! 
@CapeTown ...and Cape Town station... 
sea town here I come 
Spending the day in the west village 
I am drunk and thinking straight. Also, no offense, but who the hell hasn't seen a pervert walking across town before? I mean, comeon its 
Holy tomatoes, that was exhausting!!!  I shall have some fabulous pics to add to my &quot;Small Town&quot; project.  
Is in china town 
@JessicaRidley absolutely! though I'm not in town at the moment... always looking though 
@KrisReyes LOL....whatchya reporting on in KIngston? (awesome town 
@eddorre The night out was on the bad side of town no doubt. 
is indoors on  lovely, rainy, autumn day in Cape Town 
A weekend of failure computerwise for me.  Might be going down town with people tommorow, how are you guys?  
@Ellebrigitte you going town today? 
ok back from town... that was uneventful! lol 
@TrishaVanHouten - no. I keep them at a stable outside town. We have a summer ranch to go to up the north. 
@SillySoul no my grandma's in town..  
@MarkTheTrainer suppose depends what you were doing before the 5 hours sleep  you out on the town?
Going out of town for a day. tweeting frequency may increase or decrease depending on how busy I am 
getting dressed then popping up town 
is off into town! 
Home from town 
Town tomorrow with danielle 
says gud evening (bye) kakauwi lng glng town  http://plurk.com/p/pcevt
@lisahaley1021 oo you're gonna beat me to waianae! I'm still in town 
this is my first mobile tweet. Yay. going to O-Town...  J.Son
@jensenwilder  How long you planning on staying in town?
@twittaabellame  hey love  i been real good i have family in town from miami so i been so busy i haven't came on here in a while .
had a sick night in town 
In town waiting for sebz, she missed her bus, what an idjit 
went out of town, and back again 
In town, only guy here so far ... 
@erikroos you should seriously consider coming to mexicanstarwarscobblerbeer. since you'll be in town &amp; all. 
i'm back from melaka. i'm very surprised with the change at a'famosa. cowboy town best gilerrr. happy sgt! 
i love nights on the town. i get the feeling that im almost a tourist 
@lilyroseallen have fun in berlin.. it is such a great town 
home from town 
Headed to 2|42-A2 this early morning - saw @jeanettebrooks running on our way out of town. 
@mrskutcher jamie pugh is from my home town 
is performing today in town... looking forward to it. 
@babytommy and thennnnnnnnnn, town 
getting ready to hit the town. paint the town red. or pink, judging by my outfit 
@mattrobertsbbc welcome 2 twitter town 
@JackAllTimeLow let's party whenever your around this part of town since most your tweets about being drunk or drinking 
is back in fine old melbourne town.... 
I'm now totally addicted to Farm Town. Frankly, it's more fun that fixing laptops or studying the diseases that will kill us all. 
- going somewhat out of town? (x visitng uncle boyet &amp; famm! 
needs to escape from this town. getting ready. seeyuhhh. 
Just sittin here waitin for my coffee to be full grown on farm town before going to bed 
http://twitpic.com/4wvg9 - Mothersday in cape town  (can you see this pic now?)
Aw, the village we just drove through was beautiful 
my sister is in town 
@FoodFashionista well, next time your in town, we will love to see you 
@JBMareMareJB haha awh your hometown? are you out of town? and i am at dinner  with a bunch of my cousins 
I've just noticed, these past two weekends I partied with two of the biggest douchebags this town has to offer 
Famous in TWO small towns 
Going to bed  gnight twitter town
Parents in town ! Yay 
@nytimeskristof WoW! which village are you in? 
 just up, It's brillinat when you dont need to go into school. Promiised id bring the girls a starbucks for with their revision. Town!!!
just walked into town and completely forgot the buy the doughnuts i said i was going to get! oh well theres always tomorrow 
@kberez wave to my home town on the way 
In town center with kids   http://twitpic.com/5ca95
Looking forward to meeting one my favorite aunts who is in town this week 
So finally its rainig here in my town 
@androidtomato i live in a smaller town right near anchorage, southcentral alaska  @TozaBoma awww hopefully it starts for you soon!
today i'll perform on the festival in my town *yayyy* can't wait 4 it ? I lov performing, do you?? 
Waiting for my flight home from Cape Town after a fantastically busy weekend, thanks to my family &amp; the Sheriff! What a wedding weekend 
@kf  If you are ever in town, look me up. 
I love down town phoenix. Its just so.......magical 
Going into town later to do some shopping 
Town 2day with my bubba ben   gonna talk like chyna all day
@karlmageddon She'll be back in town next week 
@caseysevenfold awh that would be grand if they played on your birthday in your town 
is getting ready to go to Spunky Town 
@nnbomb sounds like a top night dear  how long u in town for nins?
going into town today. bored and broke jhsdlnfkhfksnfksnfknsdkfndl 
obsessed with farm town on facebook 
2 days! Best in Town 
I was shopping in town: I found trousers and some beauty staff 
@PMSHarlequin i should be in town. let me know when you guys get here! 
@stellamoretti and this will stop and I'll get the guns out and take you down town....I'm just in a nice mood lately, I love the beach  xx
@karinb_za if it happened to you, you could move here to lovely cape town, I would look after you 
painting the town red tonight suckers! freakin pumped 
Painting the town red w/ my giuseppe z's 
I went around five of the six roundabouts in town  and drove in town
well the plan for today is to bath, town, gym then watever else happens  xxx
in town with K, H and C 
going into town now.. NEED new earrings 
@christinebyer Thanks   If you're ever really looking for a pup, I know some great groups in town that have LOTS to choose from..
@ricozhang out the front of robina town centre, the 24/7 drive thruu 
@bostonmarketer No problem, I'm heading out of town too... 
looking forward 2 race wkd in o-town! c'mon down - great wkd in the city with lots going on... and u can see me run! no heckling please. 
is ready to get out of town! 
So glad my uncle is back in town, although I want to keep his car 
@NicoleRego  i suspect that's the view i gave up to semigrate. cape town's too, too pretty, but sandton makes my eyeballs throb nowadays
@KrisCamp hola senoritas, too far to come hehe will be in town in june 
ballet &amp; toofancy dinner tonight with relatives in town 
Painting the town  brown 
@pixalu stars are prettier far away from town.. where you can see more than a dozen of them 
hitting the town toniiiiight 
