Most common words for this cluster:
[('tried', 255), ('today', 31), ('quot', 22), ('amp', 11), ('time', 11), ('day', 10), ('home', 9), ('nothing', 8), ('yesterday', 7), ('work', 6), ('luck', 6), ('times', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Tried', 0.9908555150032043), (u'Fess_Up', 0.5871468782424927), (u'Claims_Innocence', 0.5824370384216309), (u'Defends_Decision', 0.581525444984436), (u'Begged', 0.5769951343536377), (u'Distracts', 0.5757219195365906), (u'Attempt', 0.5722008347511292), (u'Who_Tried', 0.5721148252487183), (u'Overreacted', 0.5704460144042969), (u'Bribed', 0.5699431896209717)]





@trishzw megafast trip, you have time during day tom/weds? Or, you going out tonight? Want to see you bad. Tried to warn you, tech fail 
Tried to get up earlier today........didn't work out 
Tried to fix hubby's computer. It didn't come with disks and now windows key won't work.  might have to buy it (like we can afford that)
Tried with smsjunction.com.. but got ODBC Driver errors.  
Tried to take a nap...it didn't happen.  
Tried to make this cake bowl thing and it looks like pudding more than cake. I stink and all I had to do was add water and microwave 
My daughter isnt starting her day off right. Tried prom dress on &amp; it doesnt fit... Gained a little weight 
Tried to go trail running with my group today, however, I couldn't find them in the forest!  
Tried to have my picture taken with @jimmycarr but got turned away  @rustyrockets was great though 
Tried to help luke into bed, and he threw up in my shoe. I got sick in my shoes! 
Bought a purple shirt and plaid shorts to go w/it at aeropostale today. Tried to buy The Alison Rules book but couldn't find it @ waldens 
@jasondinner LOL! Not 21! Tried to do the &quot;oops forgot my ID&quot; didn't stick! 
Tried some new Mexican recipe for dinner and 'twas not too shabby!  Now to get things ready for another 5am start tomorrow 
I changed my avatar, and it disappeared. Tried to change it back, but no luck. I feel empty and sad 
Ooo! Fixed sink. Tried to paint table and ran out of paint. Store was closed  And then um... did other stuff..
@satishkore Tried downloading it at office but size is too big  will try at home
@carmenego Tried recording some electric guitar parts, I really don't like any of my distortion sounds  Need a new pedal!
Tried to have crazy butt sex but somebody walked in 
@dottorblaster will check, I do not know it. it is for a laptop with windows. Tried unebooting, but it fails 
Tried to do some painting again today, didn't work as well 
@askseesmic How do you remove a user from a UserList? Tried &quot;unsubscribe from user&quot; nothing appeared to happen, but it unfollowed! 
Tried to watch Hannah Montana the movie, but the internet sucks.  ( I wanna watch it.  :|
I had a dream I saw my first teacher crush again and fell in love with him all over again. Tried to find him on tinternets but no joy 
@Eyglo Tried spotify; but it doesn't work here.. 
Tried the new Mikado biscuits, not impressed 
@RustytheCat Tried to give you some props but blip says I already gave you al the ones I can give you today  #pawpawty
Tried laying out today but wasps kept attacking me! 
@Kmoody2003 Tried that using telepathy and satellite communications features.  Resulted in electrocution 
Tried to install old webcam, now have wonky monitor settings.  Rawrgh. 
@OrlandoWeekly disappointed in restaurant week. Tried 2 places off the website today, both closed. No mention on site at all. 
Tried few Window/Desktop managers for Winblows, nothing works as I wanted  may be commercial are good like AltDesk but do't want pay.
I've been trying to add a photo, but each time I'm told that there's a problem with it. Tried smaller. Made sure it was jpg. No luck 
Damn it. Tried to get my bus ticket to vegas too late  hopefully they have seats available in the am. Or else... http://loopt.us/y37OfQ.t
is so, so sad that she can't wish her mother a happy mother's day.  Tried to be chipper, but it didn't work. 
@sarahjoybrown I'm sad, for some reason I'm not seein your tweets anymore. Tried removin u &amp; re-follow, still nothing  Will keep trying
Tried to get  treasury today............ too slow! 
Tried to take a pic but he ran away 
Tried watching Angels and Demons three times now but the cinema is sold out everytime. 
@FarahYasmin94 Tried it. Several times.  I look like a mirror 
Wants the necklace I saw on that girl on the tube last week. Tried eBay. Fail. The depressing nature of fashion 
@CharmaineBingwa I don't have a radio. Tried to tune my stereo but I don't have the antennae.  are you taping it?
Tried to hurry and bolt the panels down without steeltoes but i got busted.  eRiCa
@ConfessionsMom Tried to go back and vote again. I was denied 
I'm the brains of my gang. Tried to call the looks but my friend got dibs  Wish I was the wild card though.
... Tried really hard to stay and socialize but I'm sort of a hermit lately ... 
Tried to paint my nails white with MAC's white nail polish and it sucked. It looked good on the girl in the store  Turquoise FTW!
@goAshley don't think it's right tho. Tried downloading a file and didn't get about 5kbps. It took 47 seconds to load news.com.au 
Female barista made my latte today. No foam fun   Tried to make my own design with a coffee stirrer. It didn't work.
Tried listening to @olganunes on the radio but station doesn't broadcast to Dublin  Locations should be on website front page #websitefail
@jakelumetta I am not savvy to know the steps for a startup. Tried to learn but nothing came of ones I was watching 
Tried to be helpfull to some one and got nothing but abuse back. cheers made my day    
Tried installing mac 10.5.2 on my pc.....now its crashed n unbootable.....gonu install fresh xp prof..... 
Tried ice. Tried teething tablets.  He keeps waking up, throwing paci and then hits me.  
Tried to see what some of my instruments are worth today. Henri's was willing to give me 200 for both my flutes and didn't want my 'bone. 
Taking a load of old broken concrete to the landfill. Tried to find a recycler 
Tried to do an Audioboo recording but it' distorted due to the high volume  #OBS
@mr_craig Tried to follow one of your #FF recommendations but &quot;have been blocked from following by request of the user&quot; 
@DanielFielding i tried listenin to music 4 half an hour! Tried readin a really boring book-still wide awake! 
Tried to curl my hair. Seems like it wasn't the right way because now my hair looks creepy. 
Tried of being ill 
Tried to stop and see adri. But she was too busy 
Tried getting in the Spotlight Karaoke club in Houston.  had to leave too crowded, no seats
Tried to phone home collect and Shayla hung up on me...  
Tried to fix my car window. Finally, I had to remove the dome light bulb, since the sensor doesn't work anymore. window is still broken 
Tried the crocodile joke on dad and the fam. Crickets 
@causeperfect mine won't charge and won't boot up anymore. Tried 2 power supplies so far, both broken within a month 
Tried to save a poor little possum that had been hit by a car, the vet couldn't save him, he had to get put down 
Finally getting to see Start Trek today!!  Tried to assemble my new PC last nite.  Not good!  No luck.  I think the magic smoke escaped. 
Tried to put up photo of hubby and me and now my profile photo is gone.  
@MaartenFM Tried to look for you but couldn't spot you  Congrats on the time! Need to check the site for mine.
Tried the new cocktail bar, which my ex recommend. But caipis are still a total fail in town 
Tried to pop up a major zit, meaning a few zits that have merged into a mega one. Damn, it looks like I've made it even worse 
@toddinstoon have fun! Tried it yesterday, didn't find anything 
Tried to save a baby bird today. But he was too far gone 
Tried the puppy linux distro .. loved the desktop graphical flow .. sadly live cd does not boot as cd ROM is on external dock 
Tried out mobile elliptical bike at marathon expo and crashed into a wall.  Salesman said &quot;alright, let's call it a day.&quot;  
Tried to leave the past alone....but still ended up talking about it tonight  now I can't even sleep......
@officialTila Tried to watch ur version of Amy Whinehouse. youtube said u deleted video. 
Tried to add Beauty and The Beast to our queue, but netflix doesn't have it. 
@CurtMonash Nope. Tried that. 
Tried to get invited to a wedding last night by sweet talking the Hen's sister and mum...I failed my challenge 
FAIL! @JayPeezie: Tried to get invited to a wedding last night by sweet talking the Hen's sister and mum...I failed my challenge 
Worst trip back from san diego ever.. Tried to make sales and ended up having to pay towing: ~$700  this whole week in socal sucked...
Tried to wake hubby cause I'm bored...it was no use  
Guess it's just not meant to be, tried visiting Damascus' Citadel in 2001, it was closed. Tried again today, closed again for renovations 
Tried and failed three times to see Up! Was sold out twice, so I bought a ticket online. But got stuck in traffic &gt;1 hour and missed show 
Tried to fix the bike no luck. Have to get it to a shop tomorrow. 
Ok maybe not. Tried to add a pic and background, didn't work, I give up 
@DukePAN Have been trying to access your site for weeks with no success.  Tried contacting OIT to no avail.
Anyone use the new blogger search box. It doesn't do a very good job searching. Tried something obvious, &amp; it didn't find anything 
Tried reading about E3 to try and impress Jaseface, but kinda gave up due to the fact that I can understand none of it 
@having Almonds and heading to the gym. Tried to take care of email today but only got down to 89 
Tried to change my profile pic I don't think it worked  
Tried to take a nap to relax.. instead I got stressed while dreaming and now am really tense again.    boo.
Ok... a day wit the fellas back to workin on ObSeen Prints... Tried some new pizza too  not worth the $10.24...
@rawmess1ah Perhaps they're full then  Tried on my phone yesterday but couldn't so had to wait until today.
Bummed! Tried to buy new laptop, but they're out of stock in the model I want.  7-10 days for delivery...  
Tried running with my daughter today. It would be helpful if the tires on the stroller had air in them. 
Tried bleu cheese for the first time in a long time. I am not sure how the tummy is accepting this. 
@Mariafh Someday it will happen. Tried to teach myself Norse a few years back, it didn't work so well. 
Tried Bing today, the search results are far from impressive! MS has a long way to go. 
Tried filming a commercial for a contest, got shut down by the cops for not having a permit just as we started knocking shots out 
@majornelson I seriously have to pay $99 for the &quot;open tray&quot; problem? Put disk in, says open tray. Tried mult disks and tips from YouTube 
@Bolajee nope. Tis not. Tried to give you pingages...still got that cross beside your face... 
Tried to play some medium-level simfiles in Stepmania after a looooong break. Now my arms hurt. And shitty scores. 
Animal control just picked up the lost dog. Tried not to cry, but it was no use 
@superrrabbit Same problem here. Tried it 1st with previous version iTunes, after updating problem still excists. 
@TraceyMozdzierz awwww!  &lt;sniff&gt; Tried to get the t-shirt to you all but we missed the boat.
@michaelpokocky Hey u! Tried to dm you but it says u r not following me 
@Rhiarti sadly work means a move to Sweden. Tried for up here but it didn't work out 
Tried making a new layout.. gave up 
Tried to do the &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; cache by night. However my flashlight broke   No chance of finding it in the dark forest
@carol123jones routers do die, sadly. I'm on my 6th  Tried switching it off for 15 mins?
Tried singing in the car on the way home Ouxh what once was is now a painful distant memory A lot of work required to get it back 
My unidentified bug ! It Tried to eat me whole  http://twitgoo.com/o8xu
Saw little joy woo! Tried to see up! in 3D but it was sold out 
Tried to purchase a parked domain through GoDaddy. $70 down the drain  kind of like gambling...
Tried to in swimming today for 1st time in ages but pool shut for swim gala. Weekend is going wrong. 
Tried to sign in on the Playstation Network and its dead.. 
Took a pic of it. Tried to twitpic it. Can't figure out how to do it 
Tried to grab a jacket for work but i locked myself out of my house again! 
Tried sleeping in this AM. All the banging from the construction workers working on the house across the street didn't let that happen 
@lyteforce nope  Tried to get tickets to same game you got, but pressed back accidently. Now I'm in the waiting room again!!
feeling much better after my nap!  Tried a new Vodka last night.  I don't think I like Kettle One 
@pimpyouriphone I look forward to it! Tried to be like you and went looking for bargains, however I am bargainless  haha xx
Tried to sleep my life away but my body wouldnt let me 
@whatdayathink yeah I love Nietzsche too. Tried to check out some of his stuff at the library &amp; it was all already checked out 
Forget the movie idea. Tried playing it and it shakes in all three of my DVD players, it must be bent. That sucks 
Tried to take a picture but i fail 
Anyone have tips on how to get a fever to break quicker?   Tried everything I know &amp; it's still around 
Tried to go fishing today, packed the whole family up and went to Alexandria, just too cold and wet.  
Just saw a truck on fire. Tried to rubberneck and get a shot of it, but my picture taking skills apparently suck. No twitpic 
@dhtucker Giraffe do lot of wholesome &amp;organic food, great smoothies,etc. Tried PlFd once,OK but not had brekkie there.Hidden cover chrg 
Tried to vote yesterday, but they wouldn't let me. Apparently I was still on the voting list in Ireland at the embassy. 
Tried but failed to half inch a mac from the apple store 
 really sad!! Tried to extend my stay in Hawaii but it didn't work out. Ahhh! I don't want to leave. I'm not looking forward 2 coming home
@AlanReidHall no I don't use that appl! I looked at it and it sent off the tweet. Tried to delete but it won't go away 
Tried Physics revision, but none of  it makes sense, I'm still shattered from last wekk 
Tried to give blood Sat., nurse didn't clamp a tube and ruined the draw b4 it began. I'm a universal O- and a person needed my antigens. 
Tried to cut corners building a Flash demo and, of course, it came back and bit me in the ass in the home stretch. 
Sewing room is soooo clean.  Tried to embroider with the new machine, but couldn't even get the sample to work out.  Bummer. 
@Amandalee55 Tried the vid. says private. 
Tried to download torrent. upload speed is 4 times than download speed. 
Experiencing more cold symptoms (away darn headache!)  Tried sleeping it off unsuccessfully
Tried 3 routers before got useful log, end result is bad though, I got a line problem 
Tried to install the latest VisualWorks using the &quot;Net Installer&quot; ... failed because it doesn't seem to like the proxy at work 
think 17 Again is pretty cool! Zac is really amazing! Tried sneaking into Xmen, but they saw me 
Tried to get a video but it's not picking up the steam  It's weird, looks like it's on fire!
@juhavantzelfde oooops. Wrong one. Haha. My bad. Tried to be cute. I knew you were there, just cane out wrong. 
@fldhtrsxl Holiday was awesome, though I have sunburnt knees  Tried to upload photos but facebook wasn't having it for some reason 
@GreyAreaUK Tried that, but still the same 
@gt_p Think it might be the file size. Phone pics always above 1k. It says done but nothing ever comes up. Tried to post my traffic jam 
@MissLohan83 Tried, but she went like this---&gt;  and I caved in within seconds and bought her a fairy cake...... 
Thanks guys. @AndyBumatai @danseto @etherjammer @WatariGoro @kimonostereo Tried un/reinstalling Air but same thing happens. TD disappears 
Tried out 1 vs 100. I got a 14 question streak until I forgot that &quot;Earth&quot; was the 3rd from the sun 
@tyraslilsis she can't when it private. Tried that a long time ago 
Tried to eat a peach but I can't b/c my braces 
@RhumCake I cnt sleep. Tried for almst 5 hrs already. 
@digitaldales No. But that's the answer you expected! Tried to do a guerilla stream but no connectivity 
Tried the sf4 benchmark. Looking forward to playing the PC version. @yashrg Too bad it won't be possible for us to go 1 on 1. 
Tried to feed Riley asparagus, purple hashbrowns, and scrambled hollandaise( temp). Epic fail 
@StephenMulhern Tried to get tickets but sold out!  so going to miss it!
Tried on beautiful dresses, just wish they had fitted! oh well, back to scrubbing the bin clean 
Tried to blowdry my chest-binder dry. Now I'm wearing it. Half damp. -squirms-  Last time I wear it in the pool.
@dawnsrainbow walking by your job as I tweet. Tried calling you 
Tried to link to my phone, but the number is already registered 
@aprilzero can't understand &quot;Pufferfish&quot;! Tried it more than ten times. 
Tried to go buy @laurenconrad 's book...they told me to go to the 'kids' section. I got embarassed &amp; left sans book 
Tried out the beach at dauphin island. Got burnt on my back :/ and now my purple hair is almost gone. 
@MariahCarey Tried 2 check out the new single....sup wit the link not workin 
Tried to have a fun day for my birthday today but just way to hard to forget about losing my grandpa for even a minute. 
Tried to tell him what I feel, but nothing changed. I don't know how long I can take this, 'cause my feelings still grow... 
@eeyern I did.. Tried that..din work 
Tried to upload a photo - not successful 
@ClaireHammond Would be if I could make it!!!! Tried and failed many a time 
@LizScherer Tried it yesterday, but got dead stream  Also, too many mtg's today to be able to participate. Part of reason I'm not there.
Tried a cool program that transforms your machine in a real Media center...great potential but still buggy though   http://boxee.tv/
Isn't happy today.... Tried to make ammends this morning but failed..... 
@FlintZA Tried both methods and both failed 
Downloading iP(od touch)hone 3.0! Tried this afternoon but servers were flooded. 
@brannyxx man... Tried to send u pic this morn going to work and can't!!!  always get failure!! argh
@iEllie Tried to find your article on the new site, but can't.    I'd investigate, but I wanna go home.
Tried to go green, but didn't work... 
Tried to watch the #Sounders game out tonight, but had to watch the college world series instead.  Thx for updating the score, tweeters!
Tried to suppress sneeze and ended up biting my tongue, I fail once again 
@Dazedandlost Tried to but it wouldn't work 
Tried and dont know why 
Tried and failed to upgrade our Sky package it's certainly a case of #skyfail 
Tried updating mine this AM but took too long! Will have to try again later 
Tried to save a robin fledgling but I think I failed  All but two of the cats are barricaded indoors: couldn't catch mom or the orange one
In the damn emergency room with an arm that isn't working right. Tried to see a specialist, but they all told me to come here. 
Just ran over a baby squirel  Tried to go over it, but they're so stupid! Ran rt into the tire
@alicianospace hey you. Girl I miss you where'd you disappear to? Tried callin and texting, miss the sound of your voice 
Tried to convince them to let me take this but I can't drive a stick  http://twitpic.com/7r8vf
Tried to ride, same problem instantly returned in a different spot on the same leg. Out for the count and no racing for me tomorrow 
Tried to look out for friends .Don't find any  
Tried looking for a decent price guitar but to no avail 
@jimmycarr hey jimmy. Tried hard to get tix for tonight but I failed  boo hoo
Tried to download and install the new update for my iphone yesterday.....couldn't get it to work! 
@DianaBaldwin Tried to click the link on your profile but it doesnt seem to work 
Had a blast last night with co workers watching the Dodgers earn another victory.  Tried to get on camera dancing with a blanket. Failed. 
@thisisbree yeah. Tried sleeping. Couldn't.  so supernatural instead.
is at the beach. Tried of being ignored. just b/c im far away doesnt give you the right to treat me that way 
Tried out &quot;hill assist&quot; feature of the mini-e to see how it helped with the roll-back.  Seems like it only engages at grades &gt;5% or so 
@iphone_dev Tried s+f plus click Pineapple nothing happens 
Tried to rent InFamous from Blockbuster but all out   Prototype ?...not so sure.
Tried walking to Mancini's, but even with umbrella was soaked in two minutes. Order in? Could cook a frozen Digiorno, but no soda here 
Tried to go to bed early...long day tomorrow. Too bad i can't sleep.  
Tried a new bar, ordered my new bar test drink, a sidecar, came with a lemon slice, not a fan. half the glass was sugared vs the rim. 
help! I've broken this post on site by fiddling with comments.php, all content disappeared... http://is.gd/179ku Tried restoring,no luck 
Tried supporting a nice, local printer - didn't vet properly, now have some not-so-great prints 
@reddevilandy10 Watsup cuz! How be all the people back home? Tried to get tickets for SNL today...found out they only tape in the spring 
Tried to go through my gaming pile of shame today but ended up replaying left 4 dead the whole time instead 
@lou7hood yea she does. R you goin to see her when shes back in Uk? Tried to get tix for Dublin 02 but completely sold out  x
Tried doing another 10Km jog 2day but managed only 5 
@valbure Sounds like fun &quot;work&quot;. Tried to find your wine in Oklahoma and no distributor carries it. Few wineries will ship to our state. 
Tried to explain my menstrual issues to my sister-in-law. How embarrassing.  Actually quite bummed about missing the pool today.
Tried and Failed to get tattooed today. Dammit. Looks like it'll have to be next saturday then. 
Tried baking cookies, but apparently tea-spoons and cups aren't interchangeable. Also, my stomache hurts. 
@AmpdApparel Tried to tweet your site &amp; it's defunct  Pretty Pix though-is that you?
didn't sleep as well as i'd hoped on flight. Tried watching films i thought would put me to sleep but they turned out to be too good 
Tried to do some maths earlier - really can't do straight line  Not looking forward to maths tomorrow at all.
Tried to recreate the Transormers title but it sort of failed  http://bit.ly/17rTUD
Tried to upload the Facebook pics about  times now and it keeps saying Upload Failed... 
Tried to get a new outfit today and failed miserably 
@1capplegate Are you still jet lagged?  Tried some melatonin? It usually helps me get away with it..
@Artfire Tried to link to the fan page and there was an error 
@andyart congrats!! Tried to call u couple times but failed 
Tried to help sweet baby bird who is out of nest, but he can fly just enough to escape me.  
Grr. Tried downloading pictures, my camera didn't like me &amp;deleted some of my pictures from @ZathainSicarius's graduation &amp;phillies game. 
Tried to give up seat for LHR-IAD flight for @unitedairlines &amp; perks. Fell through &amp; now in a broken economy+ seat. 
Feel old &amp; decrepit today - every joint  aching. Tried to do too much yesterday I think. Which means I can't do much in garden today 
@sufikm30 I heard it rocks ?! Tried to go myself but it was sold out 
@AnuraPasseridae Tried to get tickets but no confirmation yet from SRO 
Tried to do some writing today, and I just can't get into it 
Tried to find some new tops for work at lunch time, no luck! 
Tried to make Marilyn my background, not having so much success 
Tried to get presale VirginFest tix this morn but they disappeared quick!  @thejuiceisgood and what's with those fees??
What the heck is wrong with this thing!!! Tried to change twit pic and it just keeps throwing me off internet, now have no pic at all 
Tried to get the mutant Fawkes to follow me but he wouldn't  it's so lonely without followers I have never had one :$
Tried the vitamin water &quot;sync&quot; yesterday. It was pretty good  also need to try &quot;tranqilo&quot; or something.
Tried to have my picture taken with @jimmycarr but got turned away  @rustyrockets was great though 
@jramirez r u still up?! Tried 2 keep up w/kids but failed  am now home watching discovery n waiting 2 c who comes 2 crashes n my couch!
@Pnutz Need to hear from you.  Tried to keep schedule flexible today, but need to know if we are meeting up--have things to accomplish. 
Got gnome-core installed, so does AIR. Tried Spaz but couldn't get it to work. Tried twhirl instead - happily tweeting from Xubuntu now 
Tried some dresses  Getting ready for this charity event tomorrow on Southamptons. Having a glass of wine now.. and more glasses after
Tried on all the shoes in new look 
Tried to go do a little shopping for Israel and every store we went to was closed! Lame! I guess we'll relax at home 
@johawke  Thanks  Tried to capture as much as I could in the photo   http://twitpic.com/5duaz
Was a long day yday. Tried play wow in the evening/night to get some MEtime and relax but no friends online so just went to bed instead 
@jaybranch @onion2k  He he!  No chance.  Tried it, hated it.  Will stick with XP.....probably 
Just got my glasses!Tried on contacts. Bad. Couldn't get them out again 
@antonmuller yeah, been working on a new tune. Tried some new stuff we didn't do before. Interesting. cannot yet say if it works 
