Most common words for this cluster:
[('trip', 363), ('tour', 111), ('ride', 61), ('visit', 47), ('road', 43), ('travel', 32), ('safe', 29), ('journey', 25), ('trips', 24), ('cruise', 23), ('lol', 20), ('today', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'trip', 0.9072113633155823), (u'trips', 0.7377982139587402), (u'excursion', 0.7181185483932495), (u'trek', 0.7091212868690491), (u'jaunt', 0.705437958240509), (u'tour', 0.671404242515564), (u'journey', 0.6585801839828491), (u'sojourn', 0.6434626579284668), (u'stopover', 0.6352989673614502), (u'treks', 0.6284214854240417)]





just got a denied letter from bazaar bizarre. sad. i was looking forward to a road trip to be a vendor there 
@markhardy1974 it IS but i'm still waiting for my ride  #itm
Trip to castle turned into a 60 mile round trip with the kids being sick in the back of the car 
I think my upcoming trip might be my last trip to disney this year..the hubby wants to cancel our august magic kingdom view to save money 
@EmmsAngel lol i know..and i'm really tired but i'm expecting a visitor soon so i can't go back to sleep 
@ddlovato I just saw your tour dates and now I am sad..You come to houston two days before I get home from vacation 
@moonfrye went to visit my husband on his business trip 
just realizes that he has no camera to take for his goa/karnataka family trip 
I hate starting my weekend with a trip to the chiropractor.  I'm too young to have a bad back.  
Phone dropped in pond On approach. No more twittering on this trip 
@medscholar08 Tours and trips seems to be a part of history now......and i think its not hiding sumwhere but its lost sumwhere 
Just had breakfast, getting ready for road trip to egham to take prue back to uni 
Just heading on a road trip, wish I got my act together and had more than my learners, truth is I love road trips, driving freaks me out 
Is off to the mountain to get his first and last trip to the slope in for the year. 
Finally got 2 our hotel after 3 am... W/ no luggage.  Where is it?? I'm seriously thinking we are cursed this trip.
@tommcfly please come to south wales in your tour or near to us. please 
@gfalcone601 the tours must be hard for you, when you cant go with him. i really wish you could come with them to brazil in may 
Going on a road trip tomorrow and so hung over   it's my own stupid fault too!
Recovering from my trip... it is sad that one needs a vaction from their vaction! 
@isajourney ditto. why do we suck, journey? 
@Thekillerpitch will be out of town memorials wknd  anotha date for raft trip?  But will def be down for your bday!
okay... back from trip and feeling under the weather   and of course paranoid since i flew to san diego via phoenox layover
i want to travel within my own country but i want to save 4 an overseas trip  oh wat to do, decisions........
road trip is off 
mmmmmmmmmhangover. slept through training ride 
@joeymcintyre Are you having bronze for the cruise? only 14 days 'til!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wish I could be there 
This trip has made me so fat.  and I've been feeling so good lately.
@BrookeJasmyn awww steam when I get back...it's sooooo beautiful out here...miss the fam trips 
@thejessicagrace haha, the dallas sex drive road trip with the dudes is off 
I hope everyone who went to the camping trip this w/e had fun   I am sorry I missed it 
atgh seriuosley i want to see mcfly again this tour 
Enjoying some time by the pool before we have to go back to the airport.   What a great trip!
guilt trips are my weakness. 
@wxsie  I know. I've been on roadtrip as well, so it
@ohwellokay I miss you more. I wish you could come visit me. 
Cruise commercials make me want to go back on my trip to the caribbean 
She's so upsetimg me uh I'm on the bus on the way to the field trip 
heading on the 2nd half of our road trip to darwin, no civilisation for another 1500 km !!! 
Packing for the trip - I hate packing 
@jennalb11 I am regretting not going on that cruise!!! 
wanted to go to afterprom, but his ride didn't show up 
@RetroRewind missed hearing the live shows tonight...really need you on a radio station....no way to listen to you on road trips 
the past mcfly tour depression is starting to hit  &amp; i was suposed to go tonight toooooo 
disappointed that @CtripEnglish doesn't support safari  wanted to subscribe for fare alert and all that 
i wish i got a tour hoodie   but i didn't like that black one much. waaaa.
is seriously bummed @robdyrdek isn't coming to ohio for his tour. 
I was disappointed that we did not drive the track due to an accident.     The tour driving was fun though!!
driving on 75 reminds me of the virgin mobile tour 
@ChristinaluvzJK aww i was sad you didnt make the trip down 
i can't go to david archuleta's tour here at the philippines 
@PandaMayhem no haven't blogged  hope we can do before cruise, but crazy week! Traveling for work m-w then leave thurs for cruise
is too sick to go to star trek 
@_katyx i really think you should make a pit stop here on ur journey to atl.   
Bit of a jungle trek earlier, playing chess on the beach now. No sign of the dharma iniative though... 
@nicksantino I just hope you guys will do a tour to singapore. 
@SaraGerman ... I know me too!!!!  you coming for another visit anytime???
@tommcfly do you know if your coming back to plymouth on the next tour?? because i couldnt come to up close and personal 
@NotWithJesse I AM the next one due out for a visit. We have debt to pay off too tho  so dunno when I'll get to. But I AM NEXT!!
Eating before a melting pot trip is not encouraged. Too bad I already had meaat stuffs 
@catheedf i was thinking of doing geo there but auck have a degree in tourism and travel. chch doesn't 
my ride really sucks!!! I wish i can afford to buy a new one 
@mikegentile awww  but get excited for the uk tour
@DavidArchie have a safe trip david! we will miss you.. 
i don't feel good  haha i think i'm about to go up to exxon and visit @gabbyfosho
@jesssca  lameee but you should go to the blink fob tour!
is so tired from her trip and has chest pains 
going to the fair...only allowed 1 ride 
@CHEAPTHRILL sad because deuce can't come visit you?? 
179 contacts in phonebook and can't find one peep to watch the furry kid for my day trip.  #dogsitterfail
Is packing for a three day trip.   Not looking for this trip.  
@Chulz stuck in traffic In my hood and visit???? Whannnnn!!! 
can't concentrate ..   let's make a trip...
no spore trip after all .. so no choos or lepliage or gadgets for me 
Just don't remove me, you never know I may not make it back from this adventure 
@bomchikawahwah No I haven't, unfortunately. And while I study I won't be able to travel much. 
god my arms are still aching from the trip  i had fun though. great watercamp.
is planning his trip to morocco..and has to work 
Viiicccttoooorrriiiaaa; not looking forward to busulet journey 
rainy and cold is not how I imagined my trip to the ocean.  
So sleepy. On the train on my way to my internship. I wish I never had to change @ jamaica so I could sleep the whole ride. 
@dakotanicole_  your still going on the trip right?
@its_me18 no more joy ride 
@LockonRyan9 Aw, I am sorry to here that your trip wasn't fun 
can't believe i missed out on ehist excursion 
Not that good of a trip to the casino 
my trip plan to coorg got trashed 
@amataski  oh, i remember our shopping trips.... 
stop raining on my vacation parade. 
@eatssparkles Nothing babes! I want a tour 
Getting some coffee, then time to clean and pack up for the camping trip!  Bumming that C &amp; C can't join us though. 
On the coach on the journey back. Just hit some traffic on the M25; very slow. 
@jordanknight do you mean you have asian contest for aussie tour? sounds like no asian dates to me. 
@BizCoachScott I would definately road trip, but mom won't let me drive for distances more than 30 min away 
@MelinaWasHere, don't worry, I'm happy! I don't have Danimals to bring to the field trip 
@bryandl i know!  you should come visit again!!
i can't believe sarah leaves tomorrow.  this means summer road trips yay!
@lilxamyx08 i know ridiculous! we never got to hang out  i love chicago and want to go shopping... so a trip sounds like fun 
fell asleep waiting for my ride! 
@mynameisgay You are so lucky you get to travel. 
On the road again. I miss my traveling traveling partner 
@ChristinaHz no wayyy, that's too funny.  well he sure is missing out, but ever since you left, i feel i am too  when is your next visit?
I need to get away. I wish I had money to go travel for a bit. I miss my east coast friends. 
@autonomy14 Ah, sorry to hear your trip was canceled  
@famouslyalone Me too!    need some tour dates stat!
ugh trek of hollie steel  she annoys me &gt;
@maraslj I miss you already   come visit me pleeeeease
@gabigail87 aww :/ kk I need to do a huge shopping trip at joshstore to get you also a joshmobile.. pft. 
Trips are soooo not fun when you're sick 
@mnrmg I am doing the same  I want to travel a little!
@kraeth She really loves that ride, doesn't she?  Too bad I wasn't there recording it 
the trip was really great. but i cant belive summers here 
@yummy411 @Cocoabebe I know, right? I guess the oldest doesn't hold rank on field trips anymore. 
Unfortunately these heffas decided to take an impromptu mall trip without telling me 
@bellaC19 I guess not  we should take a trip and get away for awhile
@RenesmeeTouches I guess not  we should take a trip and get away for awhile though
@awesomeful it's not really a long trip xD I don't know why you think this is so long. And damn  well maybe soon.
@CFineFinney not if I can't find a ride 
Oh no hun! I'm sorry! I know how much you were looking forward to that trip! 
@OlgCis well I have made the seattle to atlanta or orlando trip back and forth many a time, those are super long flights!! 
@mensaIQ and i think for my weekend is a rather spontaneous mammoth trip +_+ !! hehe and with that a speeding ticket.. 
waking up at 6 to go fishing... Last fishing trip for a while... 
@yanashah best ride or whaaaaaaaaaaat~ I ALSO WANT! 
missed the group ride 
The capitol was nice, didn't get to the pentagon for our tour 
I want to go to neptunes tonight. But i have no ride 
@dgritsko      travel safely!
Helping the wife pack for her trip. She's gonna be gone for along time. 
Definitely need a ride  any takers??
I didn't get the trip letter...   @riddlingsaulie @purity_of_arms
Is regretting the road trip to la, feeling woozy from the anesthesia 
@goddessgreeneye who is going on a boat ride? i want to go no fair 
On no my fear has come back!!  no ride for me...
phone stolen and no more road trip next weekend 
i want to go to the live tour now  haha
sad  have a good trip! come back soon @dirtydann you'll do  a m a z i n g
lost a hubcap on my shopping trip today?  I am sad now
I'm mad that @tradorjoes was out of my favorite - flattened banana. I even made a special trip just to get it! 
@cburkett3 You can definitely submit them thank you very much. (: And @yetnoti I know! But I have yet to come visit you. 
I feeel sick too many fair rides 
Looking for cruises and failing. It seems I will never be meant to travel 
That trip was too fast 
@IRockHisName282 how is the trip? What's wrong? 
@Cootsiepoots  me come visit soon?
I hope the tornado doesn't come visit me tonight...  
@KATaylor007 I know! I miss all y'all too! I'm having some cruise withdrawals. I get to visit alot of them except YOU 
i'm leaving for my cross-country road trip in the morning and i'm already missing my bean girls! 
The team are just preparing to fly back to the uk at the end of their trip 
It's looking like a trip to amsterdam with badger might be a bit too expensive 
I miss Pypso  she shoulda taken me on her trip to the cook islands &amp; new zealand...
just finished helping my mom pack for her trip. I already miss her 
went on a trip to bendido fun!!! 
i need an adventure 
@ponyhorrorshow I need to find a ride easier. 
T-Storms for the big ride 
@charlie628 @Lemonzest0 you both hate me don't you?  how was the trip?
@tommcfly naww!!  poor tom! haha i was just watching wonderland tour. haha you guys are hilarious!
damn the kids and their school trips  just had to go and spend my nk cruise/concert fund 
@LegsVampiri i want to see them too! and this could be their last tour 
road trips are great.... the boredom that comes along with it... not so great. 
ugh.. I came back from a trip to the mounties with my parents.. I am tired 
why does safari crash so often  #apple #safari
Finally arrived at work after a long hot bus ride.. a couple of trains and rail replacement bus for last leg of journey 
Off to collect wife from her fishing trip. Mackeral for every meal this week 
i need to get not sick b4 tour! 
@PENLDN I need to! But I can't do international traveling by myself 
@xYarax I need white flats and I want to travel, but can't 
Short trip.  Wheels up back home 
@caremmsar @xhartex shall we start our weekly swimming trips again? I miss them 
why do all the good rides keep breaking down? 
@FrankieTheSats I wanted to  come  to the tour  but left it  to late 
@russely I really want to! but no ride  and it's so expensive
@ChristopheDXS why is it your last tour?? 
my parents are back from the trip. missed them 
@HBcarlo just booked my next vegas trip. but not til august 
lexo wont come visit me 
@ChristopherDXS no! why is it your last tour?? 
I really need a traveling companion to keep me entertained, because traveling alone is kinda lonely. 
wow our camel rides are now cancelled 
trips to hospital agin 
I always get a little depressed after a really good trip and I have to return to the daily grind. 
just canceled my visit to #bcc3 
I wish I was still at my caravan 
uneasy about my trip  http://plurk.com/p/xlzfe
daym bros and their free's   textin ryaaan for a jaunt.
@MissBilvy no, they arent paying any of it-accom or travel. its only the entry into the park. there will be celebs 
Waiting for my ride to work. It's eeeearly.  haha
One thing to get you even more depressed that you home from a fantastic trip is unpacking suitcase and washing clothes 
@StephWBates So true actually they all can......so wished I had 5* 4 the full service tour 
@joeymcintyre too bad i couldnt meet u all in asia or oz tour 
end of miller trip. boarding plane back to new Orleans soon 
cancelling the trip to bangkok  
Leaving the ship now. The cruise is over 
@lyndsxx I hate you so much!!! I wish I was on that cruise with you right now !!! 
@muselive well i think it looks more like an european tour than world tour.. hope they'll come to indonesia 
@jacquelinedawn come visit me! i miss you too much  and we need adventures!
I wish I could afford a trip to austrailia  my dream vacation.
@kristenmaries  I should bring lucky down for a visit. She's so sad &amp; stressed. The workmen make so much noise I feel bad for her
@thomasfiss i wouldn't know  maybe you should take a field trip to florida (:
My roommate just came back from his cross-country road trip. That means my apt, which I keep impeccably clean, should be dirty by 9 
What's the chances of gas prices going down this weekend....I'm taking a road trip now I'm up to $45 for a fill up 
I absolutely hate packing for trips 
totally needs a ride to south philly 
@shayface hopefully you don't mean me and the trip to mcdonalds!  i just woke uppp.
J12 exit on the m25 is closed! Just had to take a massive detour.. annoying   http://twitpic.com/6g3x6
just got home from a good trip to L.A. had a wonderfull tour guide and the weather was sooo freaking awesome!  back to work  but happy!!!!
i really, really miss living in london  it's decided next holiday i'll be taking a trip back to the uk &lt;3
Going home tonight. Travelling for 4 hours whilst ill, no fun. I better not be sick next week 
@lauraveirs west coast tour but no love for san diego  i was so happy you came here last west coast tour..
@CaliCG  I would be soooo pissed...you all who paid $$ for the cruise should NOT have to pay!!!  sorry 
Not particularly looking forward to the journey ahead. 
TToTT The tour is over 
lights. camera. music. welcome back to jakarta  i miss the trip already.
@DonnieWahlberg I am so scared i will never get to meet you and that after this tour that will be it! I tried to get5*..but lost out 
@iamtheplague Gahhhh of course all of it would happen midway througb the tour when I have no money left 
@JonathanRKnight Going out with a bang?  Does that mean you're not doing any more tours ever?  
@teemus me want a trip too 
@TheRealLFO aww no west coast tour dates? 
waitlisted for birthright trip 
@Farrahri that's why, i'm waiting for them toooooo  i think most of their tour will be postponed due to the H1N1 virus 
@RubMyDucky  I might make a trip to you before I go 
@nineassis  bad trip hein
@cags13 brutal. i might just catch a ride with anna trip. no road trip for us 
@nossonzand i have to cancel my trip to wakarusa 
At an amusement park, actually not going on any rides, worried about my back.. 
I'm finally cleaning out my car from my last road trip! In march. 
Thunderstorm again. So muchfor an afternoon park trip. 
still no uk dates posted yet  but am still optamistic about her tour 
i am going to kentucky tommorow and i won't be able to tweet for a week cause its a mission trip, we will be working 
I didn't want to see faith no more and journey anyway.... 
@mitchelmusso mitchel! i really want to be there tonight but i dont have a ride 
Workkkkkk  come visit
@natecyph i'm going to be sitting in it my whole ride too 
i need more music for my new york trip 
Final destination is hardcore scaring me 
@twistedcovergrl I don't think I have the travel channel 
My niece isn't taking my trip well at all. Aww 
I miss my @theralphiedog! I had 2 leave on a biz trip. Usairways allows only 1 pet per flight and it was taken 
@kirstenjwilson...i've been putting my little visit there off... 
@amyjbennett I really wish you were going on the mission trip with us next week 
@joewestbrook you guys have no wi tour dates! 
@MysticalGenesis on for a min, you have a safe trip,was going to dm you, but you are not following me,  
going to bristol later! very long journey 
@KrystalNichole lol u hulled me on our jamba juice trip 
My love is off on a road trip  rock springs has too many mosquitoes!
So much for a trip to the zoo today; it's raining....  I guess we are going bowling instead.)
omg I can't believe that my trip is almost over  I don't want to leave!
...no full moon crazy tour for me  
Why can't we just all be rich and not work and travel to other countries for business meetings and tours 
Trip to the plant nursery got rained out. I miscalculated the start of the rain. 
@EpsteinHMNY running camp?!? no tour  no blink  no good
I miss my alyssah  when should I make the trip out?? @t_mariie
@urdestinee I feel u w/that sh*t!! not looking forward to bank trip either 
@nmhrbrtsn did you get no stops? 
Cleaning out camper to get ready for camping this year we're staying in arizona for both trips  aw well
Family reunion...losing service as i enter the unknown 
@italylogue A little sad  have a good journey though.. 
DATES on a trip so no1 To go with me  lol
@jeorgez I asked them if I could take a tour yesterday. they said no. apparently stopped doing tours a few years back. 
camping trip got snowed out  so ridiculous
My trip to vegas was cancelled 
@MGiraudOfficial I wish I could see you guys on the tour!! 
road trip was awesome! i miss seeing @wild__fire 's face 
have to make a quick trip to grinnell  hope this doesnt have a bad endin to it!
back from road trip and taking care of unhealthy mom 
@SeenReading Unexpected trip. I thought I'd see you at the sessions but I went to visit friends in the beaches after. I leave at 6 am. 
@ddlovato AHH! when you start ur tour i start my trip around europee! i wish i wasn't misssin your tour  &amp;i wish i were in ur music vid!&lt;3
Hey lambies can u visit mariahdaily? I cant 
I was told I can't go on another cruise.  have fun who ever goes.
@xxTylerxoxo I listen to hip hop xD. and and hardcore music. 
just lost cause i spelled trek wrong..... 
so cold!  I dont like it. @ginabreezie and I are off on an adventure now!
@stealingoneal I'm sad that the tour is over 
@geriuxx  u should have stay more! ... Next trip... Peruuuuuu! XD
@SusiM i did have nice scones but it wasnt worth the trip 
i feel lonely.. can someone visit?   
Debating returning to camp - don't want to 
Just saw a cruise ship by the pier..missing soph year trip to the bahamas 
@babyskinny That will be a very short message....boring trip just meetings 
@DsBabyGirl safe travels! So sorry we didn't meet up! 
@eleanorpyc03 awwwww  have you taken many long road trips?
@sabrinaxx no they came for a visit, not them performing they were talking! 
@kaitiekov aaaaaaaaaah but i need a ride.   and i don't has one 
http://twitpic.com/6uexx - i miss the mcfly tour 
@jackiiewaynee come visit me please or i will visit you  text me right now its easier
Hour 3 of walking this campus tour  I am so out of shape
One is thinking he needs to go on a big exploration trip as he feels deflated and bored 
@ScylisSynaptic I wish I could!! I definitely wanna make a beach trip sooooooon 
No fishing trip and no battery for the tractor yet..  No I'm not surprised
@grantswilson   how long are you guys gone for??......well have a safe trip u guys.
just threw out his back playing basketball.  And I'm suppose to begin my trip in 3 days. 
i suck at trivia  6am already it feels like i only just woke up. i wonder if i shud take a trip to maccies..
I wish i could have joined my friends for the taiwan trip today and not be stuck in the office like now! 
trip to the emergency vet 
I don't want @chrisrmiller to go on his trip 
I don't want @chrisrmiller to go on his trip 
@R_o_s_e_m_a_r_y I AM SO DOOOOWN! but angel and i don't have a ride! 
And Trips didnt come back either 
enjoy the ride 
My sweetie and the kiddo are off on their road trip and I already miss them. Only 17 days until they get back 
@Spudthesoundguy I know.  I sorries. I will come visit you soon... wherever you go next.
My right ear is blocked since yday.... need to make a trip to the doc this evening. 
@jordanknight  Don't cancel your Australian tour! We are all devastated here  
@joeymcintyre Don't cancel your Australian tour! We are all devastated here  
@KaraKitty Perhaps. I hope not tho. I would hope they know their own tour was canceled be4 us! 
@trio25 enjoy the A56 on your commute 
I have to delete twitterberry for the duration on my trip  goodbye!
$1600 for 10 days in japan including hotel and round trip.  I can dream.....
About to go on a tour, don't feel good though 
@VernishiaRenee -- mannnn... I'm sooo excited about ur trip.. I know u bout to do it big! wish we could hang..  first stop?
I have a hankering to travel. Too bad I have to work. 
@LToya818 I duno...it just went on a trip or sosmething!!! lol...nowdagow idaguy godagot togdago werdagerk odagon mydaguy fodagone!!! 
trip went by too quickly. bye la quinta 
@LilPecan thank you.  And course don't have any of my good pain killers with me on this trip 
So sore from the boat ride and tubin 
@hazymoonsun  whats up? i want a road trip to leicester!
@mikemitchel me too  but you should come visit me in nyc!
no trip to nyc for jak.  but we'll see when the beach trip lands now. stay tuned for schedule updates.
back from my business trip out west &amp; back to my cubicle.   It is cool just to drive around in the prairies - very relaxing &amp; no traffic
the titanic exhibit was awesome. i survived the trip, but my brother died. 
@SarahRHatton I love king sunny ade! I bet I'll be to wiped out from my trip though. 
@DaisyDuhh  aww so will you be back in time for the world tour and full moon crazy tour?
@DaisyDuhh awww  will you be back for the world tour and full moon crazy tour?
@MacSupporter i seen some of them off ilaa. so your adventure is over?  r u all mac'ed out? LOL
I should add it only cost $180.00 for that visit 
@shaundiviney @bradiewebbstack @andyclemmensen you guys have to come to canberra in your next tour! its not fair if you dont!  pleaseee (:
@builtbysnow what a way to start a tour!  I hope tomorrow is a smoother ride, so to speak.
is actaully sad @ddlovato isn't coming to toronto on her tour, and there for didn't vote for her for the music tour category... 
I want to travel.... 
I hate going back to work! i need another roadtrip! 
Ugh I really hope bunny isn't sick again  I guess I need to stop eating out so much so I can pay for vet visits.
my @delormegps travel charger seems to be broken 
I'm so not ready to leave for another trip already. 
I'm going to a bike trip with my class today      my bike is to small
After the tour of poland with my band, a few days break and then the download festival, my normal life resumes right here right now  . ...
Tired of traveling and working 
@camille_ocampo so sorry i missed your trip to galleria 
about to start the long journey of doing my grades 
jyst had a very unenriching ride to work 
http://twitpic.com/7jick - Over 3 inches of rain fell in the watershed overnight. More on the way. Trips canceled for today 
@eoghanquigg aaah, so wish i could have gone to that tour  loveyou xx
getting ready to head to the airport....this has been an awesome trip...i dont want to go home 
Making a little money and than a trip to the dentist 
@OMFGShaunieSays   it depends how much the trip costs n stuff so i dunno if ill be goin yet -but still :'(
@DaveCocca come visit me! I miss my cokers and i can't wait until july 15 anymore 
http://twitpic.com/7k6qh - I fell asleep, waiting for your arrival... 
Just found some old photos and had a little trip down memory lane...just off to slit my throat now 
I miss the adventure whit @corykennedy 
I miss you @Ashleytisdale ! I miss the adventures whit you! 
@Motherphucker come visit 
@TwirlyPurl ok I'm so sorry you had a wasted journey especially after finishing your essay. 
not going to warped tour  so bummed!
@xxbrry hey now, you cheeky bum!! be happy you're there!! i am so jealous! it's like re-living not going to the first mcfly tour in 2004 
missing my wife. She is on a business trip and won't be back until later tonight. 
@blecocq3601 Your trip is reminding me of the very first Griswalls vacation man  Anything that can happen does.
@chinathedoll I won't be able to go to the tour unless I drive to cleveland 
really tired  the traveling was good 
leeetiiciareally tired  the travel was good 
Wow that was an adventure. I'm hungry 
@ddlovato i really wish you were coming to toronto for your tour! 
Headphones, Ds w B. Travelling w no entertainment whatsoever.  bummer.
@nbloom I loved him in his last tour with the busted collarbone. was such  a fan. 
@thatzak I said hi to you in Trip's show before but I guess you didn't see it 
traffic ruined my hiking trip    now im back on the  couch
@sarabeth13137 Aww, that's sad  how far a commute is it?
I miss mission trip 
@katelynns yeah I called to let you know my @japadog journey turned out sad. I don't know if I'll have a chance again this trip 
frustrated with cruise booking...  
my new tour dates... next stop... hospital... sucks.... 
@froufield i know!  thank you darling. how's your short trip babe?
@kkateface - they are so close yet so far away!  next tour for sure.
It's one of those journeys to work, brought straight from hell 
@ayende Sounds like you're having a great trip 
Its really over  I hope there's another tour soon.
just cancelled my flights for my trip home tonight 
@WendyWells 20 hour trip 
@billingsj but we can't do it til she gets back in the States after honeymoon 
@georgesampson we only went t the tour to see you perform and you werent there  but they never even announced why you werent there :S ?
@BostonBudget @EntertainCruise how sad - I've never been on a cruise! 
@DanielSTEREOS i want to soooo bad, but i cant get a ride to toronto. 
@michellexhannah i can't! i have no ride 
@its_rkylelynn lol I woulda got there eaaaaarly but no ride 
well life sucks! i have to work next sat so no truller trip for me 
 i cant go to miley cyrus tour 2009 because i would be on a wedding !
Oh yay, it's 0.3 degrees for my ride to work. 
@TylerHudg  cant come again tonight. don't have a ride
@agusbiren omj i have just saw it. amazing! i'd love to be there and be able to go to their new tour, i miss them so much 
might not be able to go tonight. i dont have a ride. 
@patricklanglois  so devistated that there is no australia tour
that you weren't coming to that tour stop.  and I was really disappointed.
no road trip cuz his engine isn't going to be done yet... yet another trip canceled. 
zummie's couch tour was amazing....to bad i had to leave early 
wahh. daddy's away on a business trip? it sounds so cornii but imh.  LOL.
@mwolfpt - oct 10 venue we decided on ended up being too small  so we had to start over - 9 venue visits later.. we're at nov 7
@Mishtipie Visiting family. And I miss it 
@EirikAswang I'd love to come out but if they're not paying me or my performance partner or covering our travel... 
I wanted to travel the united states all over in a summer long road trip. But i dont have a reliable car and i cant use the parents 
@ddlovato you should come to utah on your tour  lol
I'm excited about my trip, but I hate saying bye to my friends!!!  it sucks. ='&lt;
Is watching tattoo roadtrip and having ink withdrawals 
wore my ps3 out    best buy trip to exchange it out - good thing i bought a warranty
Trying to stay up til 4 so i can sleep on the trip down south  i need sugar
trying to cancel my charter trip 
@bethdelusional i wish i was rich, then id pay for all three of us ,,, We'll wait for their next tour 
@twago But my journeys are the same every weekday  Should I tweet them once and take it as read?
waiting on my ride  i hope she gets her soon or we will never get to ride diamond back!
@SpencerSharpe sorry we couldn't hang out while u were in town  have a great second leg of the tour
Watching it rain and trying to be grateful because we need it. But it just means no riding to work 
@fanyechka At least visit more often! I never see you anymore 
OMCDC!! Traveling pants 2 is making me cry like a baby!  but so far its a awsome film! xoxo
@Fasshonaburu I saw those, but they don't have them in my size  This will be a long journey but thanks for trying!
We're leaving the feild trip 
Watched 'Taken' ... now I'm scared to go traveling by myself. 
@jordanknight I wish I could go on the next cruise  I need a miracle to be able to do so though.
@jordanknight I'm broke and unemployed, so I probably won't be on the next cruise! 
@Kaugomu not as much as i'd like to. lol.  and this trip was so dissapointing i think it will be awhile before i go back. 
is afraid there may be a dental visit coming soon. 
I'm soooo bummed i can't come  this trip &amp; and my pms are making me into a monster already &amp; i haven't even seen my family
@tehlike  but....I like safari.....
@greeencrayons awww ohnooo  how come like i can give you a ride if you need one
there are no rides at the carnival 
@taylorswift13 i waited till 2:30 for your tour bus in maryland. i wish i could have met you  but the concert rocked!!!
@JoeJonasLuvr49 srry, about that i had to go to sleep early, and no i havnt been there  i dont travel much ..
@sophiebenjamin I'd lend you mine to go visit dreamlover in but you can't drive a manual 
rad trip back to reality soon .. 
ugh, suuuper tired  waiting at bills for my ride.
I soo deserve this trip. This whole semester has been a run-a-round... I just wanna be sucessful 
@ymerej It's U.S. travel only, I'm afraid. I have to work up to international - can't afford that kind of travel right now. 
all i cant do is connect to internet....  trip to o2 shop after college today i think
missed a snorkeling trip 
when i look at u my mind gos on a trip 
@kevmer I don't have a commute budyyyyy 
is already up and getting ready for the road trip.  No job calls so far today 
@wineconscience We were expecting a trip report. 
@cdurham23 I know! I want a tour guide too but am nowhere near a tour  Who can I get to buy one for me?
safari 4.0. multiply 4.0. both ugly 
I wanna go to the warped tour  friends, let's pack our bags and ditch this bitchtown!
@NatashaVeee  I feel bad for you  you have no ride to go anywhere...
@SweetLeHaHa i miss you tooooo!  i wish i was already working so i could plan a trip down *pout*
@angiecole I thought about it, believe me! But I don't think my schedule will permit another trip right now. 
Just heard a commercial on the radio for demi's tour 
http://twitpic.com/7ucb0 - Is there going to be a tornada during our road trip?!? I'm scaywered 
Not happy that I didn't get my book before my trip next week  #fb
worst part of the trip---wasting 2.5 hours going to/being at the airport 
seattle madness trip is almost over 
i wish i was going to warped tour now 
i hate poison ivy! too bad about all the storms we had to cancel our canoe trip tomorrow 
hi i am still bored bt i am sad because i am going on a missions trip and there r no computers 
 isabelle had to take a trip to doggy hospital
@BigRonATL I like it although @fatboibeats didn't give me a proper tour. I didn't see ur daughters artwork 
http://twitpic.com/7vdn9 - can i go back and visit again please? i miss brasil. 
leaving for friend's home.... Travelling in local in morning is hectic.. 
@tysonritteraar Why arent you guys coming to perth on your australian tour? 
@babygirlparis http://twitpic.com/7uufx - by trip i mean trim. that totally ruined my satire 
@winsomewords umm... close safari and open it again perhaps? 
I need a ride 
@NHHickChick atleast u have a good excuse other than being tired!   have a safe trip!
@lsndr87 LOL   I'll come down and visit! you better visit me 2!! I'm looking into attending bartending school yay yay... what do you thk?
@robinyang have a safe trip back. I miss you already.  
Four hour coach journey then have to stand up on the train for the last leg 
i miss horse riding 
@katfishh I wish I could go to the tour but it seems like the german dates are cancelled! 
@desrosiers that's a shame  have you got to meet anyone else in the band this trip? X
i can't go to star trek 
is sad that the sentosa trip is cancelled. 
boooooo... my tubing trip to harper's ferry got rained out  now what am i supposed to do with my saturday??
@juliapott school etc. you know. meant to invite you to blues explosion on wed but forgot  have a safe trip!
@froppishpet no texts.  unless you want me to text you from aim- then you can text to that. lol. you have field trip today, no?
@angelashushan yesss, i was so gutted when they didn't do last tour  i love 5 colours too, that's my second fave live
@mmkrill safe travels, btw, from what I have read, new software will allow music via bluetooth, just have to figure out how 
but i missed my ride.... 
Two hour road trip to so jersey...still recovering from lastnight 
no more adventure quest  
@nkotbsplitsgirl no more shows for me  I would like to do the cruise, but not sure if I can.
@kaylacelina idsrjhgkdsrlh  she is there like visiting or sound checking?
@treefaces im not coming this trip i found out 
@__mares__ you are catching up after all your traveling and differnt time zones from your trip body is hybernating plus the cold 
Lol jenna needs to stop being a pushover.  I love her but this camping trip is so ~.
Aaaarrrrggghhh! Trip to Florence was prime filming time for HereInPhoenix.com video blog...alas, my camera battery was dead 
@laura4744 ...so much for your cross county trip! 
nap times over 4 me, now its my turn 2 drive (the dullest part of th trip  lol). ME =-)
@deanschick We've got other members away on trips as well so they're not around 
Country trip, shopping, reading, tennis and I actually feel sick. 
@hekeptme No...  I couldn't get a ride up there! It was so sad...I had been planning to go a month in advance and my ride fell through...
@prediketflowz awwww I wanted a ride 
@daybreak1012 Traveling always throws me off, too! 
Packing for a trip. As exciting as a trip to the dentist 
@tylerpage Unfortunately the twin cities are not on our route. I had to make some sacrifices to get the trip down to manageable size 
@bcain17 aw boo  i'm sorry! i understand... but you get to travel, which will benefit you more in the long run then some concert
@MissLaura317 Lol if you want to. You may get lost in the snow &amp; never return  I'm def counting on next summer's trip though! We shall
@jills271 omg i know right! We have everything figured out but a ride lol we always get so close to what we want for it not to work 
65-70% sure I'm getting sick, which will kill my kings canyon trip 
@HaleyRobyn i cant give rides that late that far 
I watched vides of the tour 
@Alegrya flying trip! i probably won't be able to squeeze it in tomorrow, unfortunately  have a safe trip though, won't you?
@_anniemay no west coast on this tour  ...but we love san diego...you will see us soon
I love it!!  Trip out 
Currently cleaning my makeup brushes after massive guilt trip that I don't take good care of them 
prepping for a long trip..on a monday. need i say more? 
@chrisssyk what a horrible position for u 2 b in baby  just keep telling her to go on the trip &amp; not stay for him. Hopefully she'll listen
@mistymonteith lol you not gone do it  I'll just have to imagine it until I make my own trip there
when is the new bb tour going to come out?!?!? 
@faeriewitch1228 the day after our reunion we got a tour. Its amazing. Aww your climing dome 
@yblove23 aw that's not fun.  you need to update me about your trip, too. lol
@adeeee  not even travel expenses for your train ride?
@brandonbeemer i want to go on a cruise 
@fobchick08 i knowww but i can never get a ride to them  meg and i dont talk anymore and we always used to go together so yeh.
why did my flight have to be delayed  just when I was thinking atl was one of my fav trips!
@chadica No  they sold out before I could get them. I'll have to be faster next tour.
@backgotback I wish  I am still very broke. There are no travels in my forseable future.
@RedHotDSTiny stuff together!! I miss u!! I wish we could have gone on the trip 
has a sliver in her hand from last night's kayaking excursion...ouch! 
@catsy11 n just seconds ago I was thinking 'why does she stay so late?' lol I'm quite dumb now aw 18 hours of flight trip 
who can give obadiah a ride to st. augustine?! 
kuiytfghbnjkuiytrfcgv... guilt trips suck 
i'm officially moving after vegas  come visit me!
No tour!  The waves are too high 
@jennyfranz I was feeling pretty bad yesterday but I seem to be okay today.  Trip is still probably off 
i wish i was going on a cruise with @mitchelmusso july 19th! 
its a friggin' long trip to san jose... 
@ohrebecca i want to go to beach with you! the commute is a little too much 
@BT  What a sad story  so touching! have a safe trip!
@TheDandyWarhols no east coast love? very sad!  road trip! 
i'm hating that i couldnt go on the short road trip to eureka springs with my friends today..... 
flopped trip Aces, turned nut flush... near impossible to get paid off 
@gideonstrumpet you are having a bad run. I see that. maybe a vacation? a mental vacation? a walk in the woods? 
; i am in new mexico on a missions trip!! yaaaaaay!! but i miss him sooo much!! 
hospital trip may be in need soon. 101.2 and it's not decreasing, sheit 
@Mjohnsmusic i love you. i want your new cd, but i have no ride 
The adventure is over 
right about now, i wish i had taken the trip to europe 
@fashionpirate damn i need to make a trip to kino and see it. i tried d/ling from that website u sent me but can't open anything! 
i want to go on warped tour  whyy do i have to live in australia?
I wish I was 18 so you could stop by and visit with me @gradualreport  How about you do another roadtrip in 2yrs??? lol
giving up on the swimsuit. it will probably be hanging from my ceiling when i get home from the trip. . . conveniently. 
Having such a horrible trip lol and I was only on one 
Round two for trip back home....not ready to go 
done with the cruise 
Our trip to starkville didn't work out    o well...glad to be home!
@jbhertel  Have a safe trip when you go.
is having difficulty sorting out the photos from the trip 
awwww, bummed that @hornerakg won't b riding the tour 
just did my test ride.....cant ride rollercoasters anymore 
Another trip to the hospital tonight 
@_jaye i'm on the fence. it's more like a help family out trip vs a have fun trip. 
Car broke down just now  hope tmr's trip to genting won't be cancelled!
@skinnylatte - I wonder how you get all the funding for your travels 
2 sites in progress being made, few extra $$ along with stimulas $900, might take a trip before xmas 
roll on sundayyy  ee actualy excited for the trip 
Psyched for the road trip this weekend 
my boss actually pays me the whole berlin trip. what a nice surprise 
@tpahpa oohhh it's like the cruise all over again. What's wrong with that? 
AWOD trip today, no classes 
uploading pics from sundays mall trip with lexyyy 
@clemencecadeau have a great trip  when do you get back?
except for the A5 ride  that is!
I love spontaneous road trips 
@jjsnyc @miketempleton may have to kidnap @miketempleton to #BigOmaha but i'm pretty sure this counts as a business trip 
@RealHughJackman have a nice trip 
@raremonkey sweet!  I am so looking forward to this trip 
can't decide what travel bag to take 
@Erniehalter now just come visit me! 
@updowndesign - how's it goin'? ... I know it was kinda drastic planning a trip so I wouldn't have to help you move 
While out for a walk w/ @twinschick1 and @onelgmoose we found a geocache 
@SponeHead I love your suprised visits 
@gfmorris i'm praying that your trip to church tomorrow is a positive experience. 
@NadineZawacki    i miss you nadine!!! hope your trip is going well 
yesterday went for a little trip... i dont feel my legs now 
@michaelgrainger i'm still in melb atm  don't think the strippers would appreciate a 2000 km road trip tonight 
@stephenfry Despite your extensive travels; it must be nice to be home 
just went on abike ride 
@ian_watkins  will you do a uk tour soon ? il bring you sweets?..or something to every single tour date if you do 
@UrbanImages feel better soon. There are still plenty of riding left 
@TimelessP I agree completely.  Travelling and learning have been fundamental parts throughout my life.
@kyster89 don't worry, i'll come visit you in prison 
@thehannabeth have a safe trip hanna 
@chimici hello! how's your trip? it is a trip right? 
@AroOfTheVolturi I am wonderful as always thank you  just planning a shopping trip for tomorrow
Hopes your 420 sucks and you have a baad trip 
@AlbionArtisan have a nice trip and come back soon so we may be able to talk a bit more 
@Dannymcfly just wanted to say good luck with the tour! p.s hope amsterdam didnt leave your head in the clouds! *cough cough* 
driving to paso robles today for an exotic animal petting field trip, basically. so excited. i love my career choice. 
@emilysullivan i wish you were here for our adventures. we'll have to make it happen. i miss you conc! 
@DawnRichard I'm happy you had a safe trip. 
im thinking a road trip to byron bay this summer sounds like a good idea 
i have &quot;wander-lust&quot;...i lust after travel and new places  i'm nomadic
@amandaquick The conference was very good and definitely worth the journey!  
field trip, then our first round of state at 3:30! 
@youmeatsix have a safe journey back  x
@YoungCash Have a safe trip, y'all!   
@manda__xo have a good trip 
I just had my last cig.  I just have to keep reminding myself that my reward is a trip to where ever.  I know I can do this! 
@mursya, have a nice trip dear! 
last day in wellington then off on another trip! 
@gfalcone601 how are you? (: enjoying the tour?  xxxx
@raleene wooohooo i'm soo excited for my visit!! 
@mitchelmusso how are you? have you been to asia?  would you consider Asian tour?
going riding 
@ XD no, not yet.you? But I'm definitly going to on their next tour!!! 
@crimesinthemosh Was gonna buy plane tix but was convinced to wait a few days to monitor prices. But other than that the trip's confirmed 
@jerryharrison no, the kids will stay behind this trip. 
@windycitysocial enjoy! I'm playing host &amp; tour guide this weekend. 
Just crossed the thousand mile mark on this road trip 
@ericakelly01 it was cute to see her with the kiddo  it was a lovely visit.
Going for a ride now 
@kiezin  enjoy the trip! 
has enjoyed being the only bloke with 11 women on his camping trip 
Trip to Brigthon today - should be interesting and fun 
@MarshallThreads safe travels, hon. 
getting readyz, then off to bamboozlee  journey was fucking epic last nighttt.
Stealing the government van and taking a road trip. We're experts at this now 
Heading out with hummus in hand for a road trip and cookout 
@ninapolitan when we go on our road trip to take you to target, we should go find him and take ur pic @algonquinrt  u r win
@laurene You have a safe trip, Cash. 
cleaning up and packing for the honeymoon! 
@pakoip how's the cycling trip going so far? 
@suggasugga I wish we could go on the cruise. You really could stand to get away from it all for awhile and so could I  It would be so ...
@n8tivebreeze I will, you will have to come visit soon so you can give him a kiss yourself 
@jaculynn no, just how to cram 100 newspapers onto it for travel 
I'm so close, I can almost taste the adventure 
Off for a bit of a motorcycle trip today! 
back from the trip 
@grentone No trips planned yet but I'll let you know if there is 
@robertrich the no tweeting guilt trip didn't stop you huh?  I felt so bad!
@hot30 how do you win the trip to america? please reply xo 
Recovering from an Italian cruise in the Mediterenean 
@jspruett have a safe trip joshy poo.......you'll knock them dead at your speech 
@RyanMills1 safe &amp; easy travels Mills. I'll miss u 
@buildstrong we found a ride 
I'm hungry. And single.  heading to the golfing range soon.
@sueandsteve Wow, thats quite the trip! 
@AbeerforBill their playing journey 
@snarkandboobs LOL! I liked the log ride reference, but all I think about when I think of that ride is how wet you get 
Trip to the zoo today 
@gfalcone601 dont you think this tour went fast? i do 
@lollipop26 have a great trip 
I'd offer to hlp but the commute would be beastly. 
@bfox11b don't wait too long. you'll get a guilt trip when u do call or she might call u 
@ajayrungta: enjoy maadi  have a safe n a pleasant journey..
@msvinntage my trip was great and really fun! 
hiking, biking, kayaking.. taking full advantage of this last week off! and the expertise of the visiting nature guru uncle 
Out and about ... Visiting people I haven't seen in a min  ...
is going to take a trip to the land of nod 
@mrjamestin nevermind, my wife decided to cancel trip since she is worried about getting stuck in quarantine 
@ScotRadcliffe read my blog entry for all the technology I am packing this trip 
@onemorelesbian have a great trip! 
is waiting 2 win a trip on the bus 
@katyperry enjoy your trip! 
@reverieBR new tour! 
@OHTom we're actually looking forward to a camping trip where we do just that - nothing!! 
@Jamiebower have a safe trip, dear. 
@Poptartt I vote star trek. 
that was a nice visit 
@cessational I'd mail one to you cess, but it might not taste the same upon arrival... :o   
It's kind of weird making a midnight hospital trip and it not being for me... 
@tcouto how was your trip, hope you r enjoying 
@lilyroseallen all 10,000 of us.. nah, won't all fit in the tour bus 
friend tempting me with another trip to vegas... all I'd need a ticket out there.  hmmm..decisions, decisions 
Trip to port lympne soon yay!!  even if there is a massive hill
@element27 working..thats about it,whens the next road trip 
Going for a ride 
@lilyroseallen loving the safari pics! now i want to go on a safari 
got a flight at the last minute, its packed but the creator blessed me wit a window seat....might be a good trip after all 
@avgjanecrafter went with a friend for a spontaneous weekend trip.  
@ndw0317 Have a safe trip 
@toddstfu jokes on you, not eating cheesecake again for the rest of the trip 
@petebray i'm bring virginia next trip, so i'm sure i'll have to see every conceivable natural feature of the area.  
@nollvk have a great trip   talk to you monday
@Hgiraffe I'd love to go riding again, if I can still remember how! It's so much fun. 
@martinadas did u take more picss????  is he headed to london or france direcT?? has to be a stopover inbetween
@quinnifer_ i know me too. when is warped? i'm trying to plan a trip with my canadian friend jade. 
doing some research on our trip to fiji!!  
geography excursion tomorrow! beach  even though its going to be freezing, i hate winter.
@magicshark are you on vacation or a business trip? 
@wonkybonkers it was too cute to not twitpic!  i miss this tour already, probs not as much as you  haha
@filatoff, pf =P have a nice trip dear!  @mursya
remember to not cut corners  enjoy the journey
@Storm_rider_uk well how many steps are there? I'd hate you to have a slip, trip or fall... 
@GingaPrincess thanks for the backup and you're welcome for the bics  Have a fun trip and safe journey x
@hansemalt have a wonderful trip, bring back a few drams and some nice photos 
@lancearmstrong surprised you can keep count  How do you feel about le tour coming up ?
@AmyJaneAdams Have a safe trip 
@glamourzombie Have fun on your trip and try not to get into too much trouble. 
@lixilove and then come visit me 
Getting my permission slip to go on the school field trip 
road trip in the now! my kar is packed 2 the brim 
@riancope All the best for the trip! 
@IndusLogic jajajaja, you just got from vacations and now you are planning the next trip jajaja thats nice 
@DavidArchie: ..just wanted to say hi and congratulate you for having an excellent concert here with davidC. hows ur trip back to U.S.? 
haircut, cleaning, and then a tour of the new hangar and the return&amp;reunion briefing at the current hangar! 
@ChesterBe and have a good &amp; safe trip 
Each bus ride is an adventure. 
@danielbeyeler How is your trip going? 
@GothicblueCJ  can't wait to hear about your trip!!  yay! 
@pinktoque_she i love you she! have a safe trip!! 
@philhawley or if you feel up to it you could try having a great trip 
@IngramNick310 i got members before it even changed  The tour was hidden and sales came in   
rawr! i'm an apple.  bus trips make me sleepy
@davidbehan its a nice relaxing journey that one...long...but relaxing...tip: take food with you for the long train from stranraer.... 
traveling 125 km today.... I can work during the travel.  and let my mind travel to special people
@KAWILL23 have a safe trip! 
And so begins the travels 
solo photography trip tomorrow.. where to go? where to go? where to go? 
just bought really 'greece-y' gladiators. last leg of my trip &amp; i finally give in to temptation! ah. 
@johncmayer will $oku by any chance travel to manila? even without you. Lol. 
We seem to be in 'puppy visit' season now. An early visit by me can save you time, money and heart ache later on 
Getting ready to go to the zoo field trip with my son 
is soon off to niagara-on-the-lake trip with class! 
@ztrip can't wait! detroit needs some z-trip right about now 
@mitchm have a safe and wonderful mission trip and keep us in the know! 
getting ready for the trip to the thousand islands tomorrow! 
Getting very excited for a trip to the cabin this weekend - beautiful lake and forest here I come 
Family road trip yay! 
Only 2 more days...I love a good road trip! 
@flyingwithfish I would consider if you comped my travel. 
On a self motivated field trip 
@KellyOlexa have a safe trip back!! 
@TheOtherJeff Maybe we should see how the dino excursion goes first. 
Under 12 hours til vacation... Under 48 until roadtrip!! 
i want to take a road trip someday. Just me and my music and a map 
About to embark on my adventure 
One hour 45 mins into the trip. Only 3 more to go. 
@CynthiaLasVegas Your bio is inspirational! Continued blessings and success on your journey 
a canter's trip and some 'ink, is in the books 
@imvann I heard that! it goes from cold to hot! yuck. you should come and visit us out here hon...you will love it. 70 and sunny 
 gskank and zack singing journey.
getaway on discovery travel and living is cool too! 
@surachart trip was okay buddy, not sure about the official wording though 
@KrisAllenmusic visit here 
getting ready for bed! waking up early to go on a fun road trip to ohio!  can't wait!!
@paradisetossed btw one more time  where's your road trip itinerary??
Making plans for a little kayak trip tomorrow.  Should be fun if we can get going before it gets too hot! 
Today an excursion to the dunes! Not by bike this time, just by public transport  And it's nice weather!  And I didn't fail the exam!
Doing my pre-trip to-do list for my trip home next month . So much to do , but I am a excellent planner , it will all get done  
@hexenwulf just packing to go on a quick trip  how about you? how've you been?
@jannarden have a safe trip 
@lilxamyx08 i know ridiculous! we never got to hang out  i love chicago and want to go shopping... so a trip sounds like fun 
@shaycarl Have a safe trip! 
@cashstwit does it include travel? 
BACKKKK finally. gosh that shopping trip was soo uncool. i have a secret  shhh!
@taylorswift13 i think you should come visit all of us sleeping on the sidewalk waiting for you 
is planning her next savers trip. im all about the alterations 
@latifaM All the best to you too as you are beginning a new journey. 
very happy that the veronicas are doing a uk tour 
