Most common words for this cluster:
[('tuesday', 328), ('wednesday', 203), ('day', 47), ('night', 32), ('work', 29), ('today', 28), ('tomorrow', 28), ('i', 26), ('monday', 25), ('week', 21), ('weekend', 20), ('exam', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Tuesday', 0.9959489107131958), (u'Wednesday', 0.993147611618042), (u'Thursday', 0.9833874702453613), (u'Monday', 0.9778613448143005), (u'Friday', 0.9366333484649658), (u'Saturday', 0.7950822710990906), (u'Sunday', 0.7916203737258911), (u'Wednesay', 0.6940003633499146), (u'Thurday', 0.6868017315864563), (u'Feb.', 0.6853772401809692)]





@jyesmith That's a lot of angst for a Tuesday afternoon 
Tuesday is a raining day, again 
Going to sleep... hoping to wake up and tommorow will be Wednesday instead of Tuesday... I really don't want to go to work 
No gym yesteday!!!! They have a all new gym so I need a new induction  good news is it's booked for Wednesday woot!!!
just wants to sleep, no matter how much she's missed school, people, and playing music.  She's just worn out, and it's only Tuesday.  
Tuesday? ughhh, the weekend is nowhere in sight!! 
It's gonna be a long agonizing Tuesday. 
I feel worn out and it's only Tuesday 
@SKDickey I'm so bummed! I can't ride my bike until my new wheels show up on Tuesday 
I STILL love the Blazers  Tuesday, Tuesday...
@sunburntdoe Most likely on Tuesday or Wednesday  I have a check up on Tuesday at 9 &amp; I don't know how long that's going to take.
Studying for math test on Tuesday. After Tuesday I can finally focus on my lab projects for CECS 346. I need a break. 
I am not looking forward to Tuesday - back to work after 2 weeks off 
I am exhausted, but I have so much work to do! I have an assignment due on Wednesday and I don't even know where to start! 
so we're off to fetch the car and fix it. bleh...I don't feel like it at all! but I need it on Wednesday so I guess I have to 
Studying for two freakin exams on Wednesday 
@BADDESTnLA on Tuesday..my hair does not agree with their weather 
@rockpapershot oh  man so jealous, doesn't unlock for me until Tuesday 
Scrapbooking today....I can't believe it might snow Tuesday night 
so my phone officially died  can't receive or send any calls or texts, so don't try, and i won't be able to get a new phone til Tuesday
@mikebutcher hmmmm. I would - but not on a Tuesday night 
Weekend over, back to work once again  I'll be updating the old blog later on this week, probably around Wednesday when I'll have news...
What a gloomy start to the week - rain today, rain tomorrow, rain Wednesday. Mr. Sunshine won't come back til Thursday 
@Silverlines yup, flight out at 5.30 tomorrow, back on Tuesday  not very happy with it really. i am not feeling well.
@mickeytake Schools still off here to, not back till Wednesday!   I've been ill most of the hols, so not been able to do anything 
Ugh, this management test I have Wednesday is going to suuuuck.  I wish I had a day to do nothing except study.
work at 6. cheap Tuesday greattttttttt! ugh gonna be so busy and I'm already tired 
the only thing I miss when having time off work are my 'Heroes Tuesday' lunchtime   might 'recreate it' tonight
Tuesday coming to an end., but my work week has just started.  
Only Tuesday 
is not on air today  but will be back on air Wednesday from 12 
and thank you Tuesday for my broken nail 
For some reason my Tuesday feels like a Monday this week 
Tuesday and I are going to watch scary movies. And eat junk food. But no cookie dough. 
@Chelseylea Aww, I work and have class til 4.  We can do Tuesday after 4 if you don't work...
Awww I won't see princess till Tuesday  I miss her!
@ajdulhunty And I know. I'm starting to get more nervous as each hour goes by  Movies in slippers Tuesday?
@carole29 cool. I go back Tuesday  kinda fed up of where I work.
studying for finals  can't wait for Wednesday!!!!
Being a loser tonight...gonna study for a final I have on Tuesday. I miss my love...I don't like being apart  I miss you boo! hehe boo
Exams start Tuesday 
We have to move some wood today, more coming on Tuesday.  
doesn't want to go back to work on Tuesday! 
lazy day has gone  at least Tuesday is another holiday tho
@leigh_shea  I'm sad I'm not there. But I'll see you guys on Wednesday.
@iam_rAiNe Haha, if you are leaving on Tuesday.. I guess you definitely won't be around to join me.. 
Trying to think about Tuesday's procedures.  
Tuesday gonna be a bad morning 
Getting ready to go to my ungraded final (or as Angela called it, &quot;pretend&quot;).  Last meeting of the Tuesday/Thursday lunch crew today. 
@yessireekristen Awwgh wish  I'm coming Wednesday T_T'
As Wednesday draws closer i get more terrified...they're gonna inject me  and the cervical cancer vaccination has 3 injections over a year
95 peonies to go for favor boxes... Need to finish by Tuesday.  I will be working at least part of my mother's day. 
@michellesfamily @AmberStrocel  @pomomama @raspberrykids Tuesday works, but it looks like rain 
I have now got round doing my course work. After my course work I will be doing some revision for my exam on Tuesday!! 
I don't want to think about Wednesday, but I can't help it 
@rubymaree can't believe ur ditching me on Tuesday! 
Just found out my site is down. We have to migrate to a new server. It should be back up by Tuesday.  
@LaurenIsAFreak Yeahh ii have it on Wednesday  think how ii feel... ii've givn up on revision... ill do some last minute cramming tomorrow
@janecakemaster Haha yeeah... gluck this Wednesday 
cramming for the oral paper presentation on Wednesday... 
is off to have lunch..on a rainy and wet Tuesday Afternooon.. 
Wednesday is over womp womp! 
please oh please tell me i'm not gonna have a repeat of Tuesday night :S i really really hope not 
Tuesday said &quot;looking for a needle in a haystack&quot; near Monday! 
 I have to wait till next Tuesday to see star trek cause no one will go with me till then.  Friends suck.
Just found I have a matha exam on Wednesday  that's a definite fail
@thedanyoung where are your Tuesday tweets  ?
I not return until Wednesday .. I miss everybody very much  . especially my dear friends 
@CosmoDCgal lucky you, I will be here in hell at least until Tuesday or Wednesday.  I just want to get out of here asap, its lonely 
Stressed!!  Two exams on Wednesday and not enough time to study for them!
@salandpepper My rib's and knee still hurt a bit and generally stiff all over. I fly out about 7am on Tuesday so it's getting close... 
still hasn't seen Angels and Demons...  I want to watch on Tuesday!!! http://plurk.com/p/uc66u
@emilyisomg yeah I will be at school, can I pls not be the 3rd wheel!  whatever, can we go out for lunch Tuesday?!
To add to everything else just had phone call to say new sofa's are being delivered on Tuesday , have still got the old ones 
@MyMelodie Thats a bummer for people who have a bad Tuesday, gatta wait 6 more days! LOL (btw, you no likey #MusicMonday's?) I'm so torn 
I'm being pretty nervous for my exams tommorrow and Wednesday  goodluck everyone!
@aimeemcn I have an assignment due Tuesday anyway 
has been up at 6:30am every day since last Tuesday thanks to my new noisy neighbours 
Next exam is Wednesday. I hate revision.....the sooner my exams are over the better! 
ugghaksdmkhsdasmd has to be allowed to go on Wednesday! 
@DeeRiley  I haven't seen Days since Wednesday - was so good - but I bet I have missed a lot 
I didn't get to the movies this week end.    I'm thinking about going on Tuesday just need someone to mind the cootie that evening.
@danger_skies Wednesday aswell! eek :| ive not proper revised! i cant concentrate atall eek 
No work today.  How great.  And then Wednesday off too.  But then not another day off for the rest of the week.  
I guess my physics final isn't till Wednesday.. I thought it was tomorrow  sucks. I hate waiting
@aianna21 And booo, I want twin tiiiiime. It's the last chance we'll have for a proper chat until Wednesday 
I wish I could go back to Wednesday night because now I'm sick, sunburned and have no voice 
Ever since my exams finished on Tuesday, I haven't been able to get a good nights sleep 
Anyone care to tell me how to win my case on Tuesday because I'm so totally going to lose. 
I got 8 blisters in total from Wednesday's 2-hr escapade 
headed to court to see if I'm having a speedy trial on Tuesday. 
@TheSocialLight LOL I'm going home tonight been here since Wednesday it was just a short business thing hence not much time for fun 
is disliking the pimple smack bang between my eyes. Not fair. I have a shoot on Tuesday 
@jonelljoy  Does it help that I was going to tell you on Tuesday that it was looking really good?
My dog has been missing since Wednesday night   http://tinyurl.com/qnxq94
@farahy halamak so sorry! i didn't see your message.  yessss i watched it on Tuesday. nak tengok lagi!
At work about to start another 11 hr shift. 2 in a row with the next day off being Wednesday 
just found out I am doing overtime on Tuesday and working hard again tomorrow 
just found out I was born on a wednesday....I was really hoping it was a Tuesday 
I miss the concert Tuesday already. I'd really like a time machine to go see it again... It was so fun... 
@ncremins Wednesday? you are joking me? that soon???  when's the partaaaaaaay?
ugh damn! my usual babysitters graduation is on Wednesday and I just got a meeting request from my boss during her graduation 
@MelzieC I saw the show listing and saw it was on a Wednesday!!!! 
@workingmoms thanks he got hurt Wednesday and going to vets today 
@bex_1210 I'm not going till Wednesday 
@alwaysafton I had an interruption in service on my phone, so I missed everything on Tuesday morning. 
im well exited for this weekend, partaaaay! although i dont want to go back to school on Tuesday 
about to start work and missing him like crazy.I wont be seeing him till Tuesday 
@nkirchmar I have 30 minutes to go! Then a 3 day weekend leading up to my birthday on Tuesday. I have to work on my birthday. 
Yay I'm home!!! But my weekend still doesn't start till Wednesday  I need a mivie
History Tuesday -  not looking forward to that...
@wakachamo I saw that.  I bet that's sony's big announcement for E3 so Tuesday's gonna suck. *wants monday off even more now* ;;
@JohnMJess haha lol I'll definately have to catch up. I thought it was on Tuesday  ah well
r @Cartoonslife I won't know until the results come back Monday or Tuesday.  They tested his thyroid a week ago and it was too high.  
I'm dreading my man leaving on Tuesday. 
@munachao I work Tuesday.. 2-midnight 
My entire dad's side of the family is at my house. We're 50+ and they're staying til Tuesday. 
I do not wanna do this presentation on Tuesday  I hate them 
@zhao_hibbs I should be home at around 8pm or 9pm. I will take food so don't worry about that. I am working earlies on Tuesday. 
@sazinwonderland Wednesday at the earliest. It's been since last we'd and my thumb is num. 
@minnyyy  Tuesday  aarrrgh.. I still have to learn loooooads
Studying maths for the exam I have on Tuesday, booooring. 
 ill deff be going up early on Tuesday will you? What time at?
@AmMarvellous I haven't been near it, but I think it's supposed to be ready to go up at Tuesday's rehearsal. But I won't be there 
What a beautiful day for a ride to church *tear* bike won't be ready until Tuesday 
But an exam on Tuesday first 
@saybye627 You wait for last night, ill keep waiting for Wednesday's show 
@servaas89 LOL, awwwww that sucks  I have an English one Tuesday, history Wednesday, and English again on tuesday
@ladyofsalzburg the exams I have to do tomorrow and Tuesday 
I really don't want it to be hot tomorrow and Tuesday. I have exams in the morning... 
History exam on Tuesday  not prepared
@KendraJae dude we leave on Tuesday!!!  come down earlier! We have nothing to do at all !
Working today   gotta get my Wednesday shift covered so I can play in the game on Wednesday
I can't wait for Tuesday!    I really need the end of school. Also I haven't updated my twitter in like 8 years. It's boring 
I think i'm going to start crying on the last day of every class in school, just cause ima dork like that. I probably will on Tuesday... 
@nickyacullo omg nooo ima miss u I won't be in school on Wednesday 
Wednesday will be the worst day ever. I'm betting on there being a LOT of crying.       We all can't imagine him not being around.    
A guy came to fix my mininote, but it still doesn't work so he has to come back with a new part on Wednesday 
@EETWiz yeah...that's what I hear...I will be back late Tuesday...when the rainy weather will probably reappear as well 
is going to pretend to be storm chasing on Tuesday because he can't obviously do it. 
The vacation is almost over.   We will be back home on Wednesday around 10pm.
Exams Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Gotta study...so hard  byeee .
missing my bff and believing that Wednesday cannot come fast enough 
I have to fly on Tuesday and I am feeling sneezy and stuffy tonight. 
@grahamdenny yep the weather has been fantastic, sun runs out on Wednesday apparently 
maths over. dreading geography. i want to go back to Wednesday night 
One more day on the piss then back to work on Wednesday. 
No more Wednesday night youth group 
At work...dreading Wednesday 
@greedy_yearning I won't make it tonight since I still have a shitload of homework to do which is supposed to be ready on Wednesday 
Feeling so overwelmed and in prepared for my exam on Tuesday 
@misslizinks @andreajohnston I can't do Wednesday night... I really don't have any spare time this week at all. 
@Elaine_11 erm til late Wednesday or early Thursday. too long without a comp  well it's not that long lol
I have to work Wednesday. 
@jk86 nope  I'll be there on Wednesday night. We'll just miss each other! 
I feel relaxed, for the first time in a long time.  I should do though, chemistry exam on Wednesday 
disneyland on Wednesday!! i know i spelled it wrong.. sooo excited.. get to be in a group with my besties minus veronicca 
Monday is almost over and Tuesday is fast approaching...work in the morrow 
AAAH.  It's the last Tuesday of the summer!!
just got in...sleepy Tuesday 
@bizziefan With the kids getting off school on Wednesday I think it will be 3 months before I truly get quiet soap time again 
Totally ready for the weekend.  Aww nuts, it's only Tuesday... 
It is Tuesday and a working day again  no fair  that weekend was way too short
It is Tuesday and a working day again  no fair  that weekend was way too short
@linderrs2 poor linders...  4:30... That sucks. And it's only Tuesday.
Why does it always rain on a Tuesday when we play tennis? 
Is it only Tuesday? 
the weekly Tuesday night bike ride in the bush with your mates is all fun and games until someone falls off and goes to hospital....  
@Mlza yoooo me too, not Tuesday 
Tuesday = Monday in disguise 
It's only Tuesday. 
Tuesday... work then homework 
Another lovely Tuesday on my way to work. Only 10 more tuesdays until vacation. So far away 
Man, I was upset @ my aunty when she clld this morning wakin me up.... until she told me it was Tuesday ... 
today seemed like it should be Wednesday 
@NickiNix I thought today was Wednesday 
I'm feeling rundown.  It's only Tuesday 
and of course it Tuesday and WoW servers are down 
@mystica43229 no it's still Tuesday. 
I thought today was Wednesday when I woke up 
Its only Tuesday..... 
@wowinsider Was supposed to be my guild's first time into Naxx10 tonight. That'll teach us to plan anything on a Tuesday evening! 
just got back from the driving range now heading to the bowling alley... this week is kickin my ass and its only Tuesday 
@babydoll1162515 I'm so bored! &amp; dreading tomorrow because the first Wednesday of the month means fire alarm testing 
gnite y'all...tomorrow is Wednesday! hands down the best day of the week! lol SIKE!!! 
Disappointed that I didn't win big Wednesday 
Tuesday is nnow over i worked, wet to school, worked and now i'm home, thank god i only have to get up in 5 hours 
It's only Wednesday...uhgg. 
Wednesday sucks! 
Wednesday morning...sun, not rain - so far...allergy headache better, but not totally gone...gonna relax today...wish I could sit outside 
@kannaa hmm yep..! Tuesday to friday! I went with huangy! But it ended up being 40 each cause we has ghey dessert and $15 sapporo... 
Man it's only Wednesday 
No luck this week. Monday, show up at comedy show and it's sold out. Tuesday, show up at movie screening and it's sold out. 
Another Wednesday, another parking ticket  ;( 
@Alilly I moved everything out Tuesday 
Sitting in class on my last Wednesday of high school ever! 
I can't wait for Wednesday to come so I can get this god aweful bump removed from my inner lip!  oy, so swollen!
I wish today were Monday or Tuesday. I'd be on my way home already. I'm so fucking bored. 
On my way to the office. I know I'm late, but I helped out my landlady by cleaning the bathroom. She fell down the stairs last Wednesday 
@julesdc I don't know when I'll be back in the office.  last Monday I overdid and I've been paying for it. Tuesday may be possible
's cat died on Wednesday 
Computer is here &amp; setup, I'm off work &amp; loopy. Sadly, no internet on it until Tuesday night. 
@PrincessJenn @Bettyc912 I got an antibiotic but he doesn't think it's an infection. I'm getting an ultrasound on Wednesday. 
Last day at work for a while, going to get cut on Tuesday 
@caldjr Unfortunately the account for the modem won't be activated until Tuesday 
@bedofroses2001 she left on Wednesday and I miss her already 
feels sick!  I have a sore throat! &amp; I got a history presentation on Tuesday for 50 minutes! 
brooding over the fact that I have to work on Wednesday 
my birthday is on this Tuesday and i have nothing plan!!!!!!!!!  
@KillxYourxEgo yes.. I have a very expensive magician coming. And thank you for your good thoughts. The first surgery is this Tuesday!!! 
@moochoo I can't Nate, i'd live to but I know nothing and got exams Monday Tuesday 
@noahdw ditto.. And I'm not off until Tuesday. 
I have to write a speeh for graduation this Wednesday..great. and to top it off, I have to read it in front of 400 people 
I should be going down the pub today, but due to lack of ID 'til Tuesday and the struggle that was Thursday (I still got in!) I can't. 
Just assembled my new in home sauna only to find the plug isn't right and electrician can't come til Tuesday 
@projectjoy is it on Tuesday?? I have a final that day 
@konabess Be there Tuesday...sorry 
cameraless til Wednesday  getting my sensor cleaned
@TrinaWright know the feeling, I get a numb bum most Tuesday evenings sitting on a school bench watching g/f's son do his tai kwon do 
I Just got up, I need to finish something due on Wednesday. 
@trvsbrkr every1 keeps talking about that song... I'm so sad my sound stop working  can't wait for this tech guy to get here Tuesday!
I'm free!! LOL finally got out of work been there since 2pm  don't go back till Wednesday! 
Pens got thumped last night  Hopefully they can bounce back at home on Tuesday.
@jproudfo I wish ... have software training Monday &amp; Tuesday 
@jayadore I have a 2500 word due on Tuesday and I have yet to start 
My baby is leaving on Tuesday  met some awesome bearded chaps last night though.
...This bodes well for my recital exam on Wednesday. 
@CamsStar17 not going to school tomorrow....on Tuesday....  miss you, friend :]
@MizzyLB haha not yet but wait till Wednesday I think I will... Yeah am at work now till Wednesday morning  so only have twitter 4 company
cant be bothered to do any work but only have to go in Tuesday and Wednesday and im done my first year its the only thing driving me 
hungry..... dad went voting, but he was back way to fast, i wanted to do a video  oh well, Tuesday maybe 
Needs to clear her cupboard on Tuesday! I never seem to stop clearing stuff 
@songbookbaby until probably Wednesday! 
@danydany No school tomorrow for me xD  Exam on Tuesday and Thursday though   Lots of revision to get through
I have oral exam on Tuesday 
@Naturals doesn't look like it with the boys..... my oldest is not out of school until Wednesday!! 
getting ice cream with dad then back home to study. Test Tuesday.  http://twitpic.com/6ufl8
I miss my bunny.   She died on Tuesday.
@Sims_Galore So there's a good chance it'll be on Tuesday  Ah well. Not fun but I'll survive...
going to bed. night all &lt;3 won't talk till Wednesday. it makes me sad  those who got my phone number, you're welcome to disturb ;)
@ElizabethSigns that is too bad, it sounds really fun. I only get the car on Tuesday and Thursday's now 
She has to wait until Wednesday  wonders if her driving instructor will forget her again she hopes not!
@roflcopterfail  I can't. It's hard. But it's not due till Tuesday, so I'm not like totally dying to finish it :p
Would it be bad to call out of work?  Especially seeing as I am out Wednesday &amp; possibly the rest of the week because of dental surgery.  
My mom leaves Tuesday  went dress shopping this weekend and got my dress! It's amazing
I hate boys. And it's not even Tuesday! &lt;3 @MegannJane 
is having a hard time trying to cram everything in before finals on Tuesday 
Having a shattered iPhone screen is depressing...goin to get a new one Tuesday 
bed. tomorrow: packing &amp; goodbyes.   Tuesday: moving to Sarasotaaaaaa!!!!!
Thinks today feels like a Tuesday 
@trishmunroe despite my desire for a laker victory, I'm sorry it has ruined your Tuesday plans  
one more day off...back to work on Tuesday...gettin' the &quot;finished-with-vacation-going-back-to-real-world&quot; blues... 
@melodysong yeah  not sure if today's the last day or tomorrow. but I know they are closing Tuesday.
hehe i needz $20. its pooey cos i get paid on Wednesday 
@balkandishlex hehe i needz $20. its pooey cos i get paid on Wednesday 
I was so excited that it was Tuesday b/c that meant my 5 day started tonight at 10pm...then I realized it was Monday 
Oh darn! There's something I missed - guess who's coming to work early on Wednesday?! 
is getting nervous about this wrist surgery on Wednesday 
Longing for weekend... It's only Tuesday today.. 
I just got home from school and i have nobody to hang out with right now..   I an going out soon to get stuff for my trip  on Wednesday...
@ISupportDemi I wish right now.but shes taking me Wednesday.aww why the sad face? 
I'm keeping my fingers crossed that class gets out early tonight. I still have a lot of studying to do for tomorrow and Wednesday nights. 
and i only got till 7 Wednesday night cause then recording finishes 
says It's a rainy Tuesday morning.  http://plurk.com/p/116ym3
Just remembered that Wednesday is our official last day as a class... 
The rain is coming on Wednesday 
*sigh* another exam this Wednesday 
exam Wednesday. totally not excited 
Doing college stuff cause I'm a big girl...I don't get it  need to be done by Wednesday ah.
definitely feels like shes gonna pass out soon. I want real food. Not till Wednesday evening 
I have the Tuesday blues 
Being practically bed ridden sucks!! I haven't worked since Tuesday I have to go to the doctors tommorow 
@morganmcgee Murrray's isn't open on Monday or Tuesday. 
Trying to survive til Wednesday. 
sleep. it's hot in the house. can't sleep  tomorrow's Tuesday-my arch nemesis. We will battle in a few short bitter hours. Wish me luck
is off to bed. Another exhausting day ahead. And its only Tuesday 
really hate the thought of having to go back to work on Wednesday 
i hate Tuesday . 
Tuesday ~ aargh, how long til the weekend 
Tuesday morning traffic. 
Tuesday... start of my 600 mile round trip! 
@MrsPBoutique It's true, Tuesday is evil. I've already been forced to sit between 2 complete dicks at a networking breakfast this morning 
@lilmui yeah I do  they only finish next Wednesday
Is it only Tuesday? It feels so much later in the week 
I hate my Wednesday schedule the most.  So many classes for tomorrow.
it's only Tuesday.  I wish this week would go by faster.
so gutted it's Tuesday already 
good Tuesday morning, question is this whole sarah/letterman thing still going on...news??? really 
Dragging ass... seriously is it only Tuesday?  
@smokinjm I wish they would. Depressing thought it's only Tuesday, potentially three more days of this 
@jwstar06 at least you get a weekend. Yesterday was my last day off until next Tuesday. 
@HurstAkaMiwurdz or should that even be bow ties or meat pies - must be a Tuesday  #christinesalazar
getting ready for the beach next week!! If only it really were Wednesday like I thought it was! 
@mollynash yeah yeah yeah.. or we are just REALLY lame.  don't know what to do with myself on this wonderful Tuesday afternoon...
It's only Tuesday and I already want another 3-day weekend!! I had waaay too much fun, and 2-day weekends suck 
Tuesday is sucking more and more 
work...why is it only Tuesday?!! 
For those of you who didn't realize it today is only Tuesday. No joke its just Tuesday. 
@Janedebond My mother in law comes over on a Wednesday, so Tuesday is always a clean &amp; hoover day. Still got to dust and do bathroom 
I am very tired and it's only Tuesday - uggggggggg tummy bug 
Another day working 2 more to go blah it's only Tuesday 
It's only Tuesday, and I have a headache for the 2nd day in a row 
Wednesday is looking kinda rainy...  
Tired. Feels like it should be Wednesday, its not.   At least #itlexington is coming soon!
@natashapats enjoy the sun Wednesday afternoon because the forecast the end of the week through the weekend looks gross 
probably the most boring day in the office. it's only Tuesday 
feels it's going to be a very, very rainy Wednesday..  http://plurk.com/p/11gitz
@BeckyBuckwild I forgot it was Tuesday   I wanted to go.
I REALLLLYYYY do NOT want to turn 24 on Tuesday... I wish I could turn the clock back! 
@AngelaWheaten, and it's only Tuesday 
What a rough week and it's only Tuesday.... 
So unbeleivably tired...wish I got a big Wednesday ticket  
evidently the dry spell from Monday to Tuesday has resulted in a serious drought which the fricking rain today outta sort out 
Who won big Wednesday - wanna share? It wasn't us 
Wednesday morning only 2 days left on our European vacation 
Off to work  on a glummy Wednesday.
is on the bus...ugh is it only Wednesday? 
Wednesday is already not being nice to me 
@jadeysd but i can't book out till next Wednesday 
@ the golf course on this rainy Wednesday morning ... boooo 
Wednesday (it is also wear-a-tie-day  )
Where is my IPhone 3.0?  It's Wednesday! 
URGH! It's only Wednesday! 
Wednesday already?!?!? these weeks roll by when you have deadlines to meet.. 
Feeling burned out. And it's only Wednesday. 
@janngg Me too! Tuesday was my registration appointment and I just received &quot;final&quot; payment notification MINUTES before the deadline. 
@xrosie. Thanks for that I miss our Monday and Wednesday and Thursday chats  !!!
@tara_nnosaurus no  although I shall be around on Tuesday afternoon.  What are you doing this summer?
@dd_big9   I'm sorry, but Tuesday was 2 days ago.  That isn't complaining - that's bragging.  ;)
woke up at 9. just waiting for my dad to come home from sacramento. I haven't seen him since Tuesday night  i miss him dearly.
Wishes she could go see transformers at 12 on Tuesday 
@jakehumphreyf1 Wish I was there but I have an exam tomorrow and on Tuesday so I can't  Have fun for me!!
@DeliZoe ur lucky! I'm working tomorrow through Tuesday 
@gokuls my aunt's husband died of a heart attack on Tuesday. 
 For a minute there I was all happy thinking it was THIS Tuesday we finished. 
@RyanSchartz I have to wait til Tuesday 
@annette_z I did hear that sad fact, yes.   Next Wednesday, let's all go for the hat trick: harumph hmph hump day
We found a puppy!! He hasn't been neutered yet so we have to wait till Tuesday to get him.   http://twitpic.com/7rk0b
since I haven't seen him for more than a few minutes since Tuesday and probably won't before he leaves... 
give me some secrets for winning r torment next Tuesday and for tomorrow!!!! please 
@wmanning i work Tuesday  monday is the only day I have off
I'm unhappy about my @jessiimiica not having internet until Wednesday 
@thespunkyone cant bus stalk Tuesday. I have to work almost the whole day 
is feeling flu-ey... I don't want to get ill before my last exam  I hope I get better before Wednesday.
 Next Tuesday got test liaw.....
has to go quiet till at least Wednesday 
Hoping my books are delivered today. I left my outdated (but still useful) copy of Hillegrass's book @ @siegel's house on Tuesday. 
Wednesday gave me her cold 
@peekinc I activated one for me and one for my gf on Tuesday.  I wish I would have known about the free 3 months for a referral then.  
@ScarletSass Have two! &lt;3&lt;3 Called laptop people, not going to be ready until Monday or Tuesday 
@natalieharperPR you bet - maybe next time. I am in the city next Tuesday but my driver has already made plans for both of us afterwards 
No iPhone for me for another two weeks...thanks AT&amp;T But apple will send me a case that will be here on Tuesday... #applefail #attfail 
iphone twitter not working  bought a new car on Wednesday! road trip ahead!
Tuesday is not coming fast enough 
@dsawyer say howdie to @teemonster for me.  would have liked to have seen him, but I'm heading out of town on Tuesday 
uggh!! so fucking frustraigted,can this day at work move any slower?&amp; its only my Wednesday 
If I had a man, I would hve never signed up on twitter in the club on a Tuesday night 
@billyfung I know...I thought about that on Wednesday BUT I didn't have anything sarcastic to say 
@JerseyGirlinTX I just got back from work, it's almost 3am     Obannons on Tuesday, definitely.
@paulywog is in md til Wednesday  and I don't feel good  I'm whiney today!
I can't wait too hang out with my friends this coming Wednesday. I miss them so much! 
Oops workshop is on Monday not Tuesday... best pull my finger out and finish the slides 
it's supposed to be rainy until Tuesday?! nooo. summer come back, please please please come back with sun. 
@suepainter Noticed our bluebirds are bluer than usual too. So sad the babies were the cat's lunch on Wednesday 
damn you O2, not gonna be connected till Tuesday 
Our a/c is dead, and I can't get anyone out here until Tuesday  #fb
is trying to find motivation to do his comprehensive exam work. 0 down 10 to go by Tuesday... 
have release on Tuesday.... got urgent code check task.... running tests 
I'm home for just a bit. I haven't had a chance to practice since Tuesday 
realized that someone doesn't agree with our views and attacked my website w/ a virus, sorry for the delay, will be back up on Tuesday. 
looking forward to Tuesday and Wednesday but i'm mega bored now. wish I had money to go out 
@jenntheunicorn When do we get to hang out?  I am busy tonight, tomorrow, and Tuesday night.
@Knoxalox I was *really* impatient on Wednesday morning. I got up super early then realized it wasn't going to be out until like noon. 
I do not want to work today. Or tomorrow. I better have fucking Tuesday off 
damn its lookin like i wont have anybody to go see Transformers w/ on Wednesday 
@chucktheceo ah well, we'll see, que sera sera... But if u don't hear bout me for a while from next Wednesday on, u know why 
I just realized this is technically my birthday weekend, given its on Tuesday. And I'm sitting around the house watching tv... 
I want it to be Tuesday so I can go to the beach. 
@jazzbarbie  I missed you Wednesday.  I have a feeling the group may not see each other for a few weeks, it sounds like a busy month.
@cannibalkate on Tuesday morning. Then I am done! For this semester...hopefully I do not fail it 
sorry for the lack of videos   at the latest I will have a new video Wednesday
going to start studying for this Tuesday's last paper! back to listening to lectures and stupid interactive structures 
@CuddleMonster4 I work until 9:30ish on Wednesday. 
my muscles are aching baddddd. hoping to recover by Tuesday 
I have an interveiw for maccas on Tuesday, going back to that shithole WILL kill me. i hated it the first time i quit! 
Last Tuesday a bobcat killed a little bunny at work  its on the camera
keeps thinking he is going to get injured on Tuesday with sports day 
thinks she will not be able to go with @dhazhtin on Wednesday.  http://plurk.com/p/12oc9b
Really wants to see @TheSats on Wednesday but cant cos have to go to wedding boo 
kitty and dog are now staying at neighors until we leave Tuesday. 
Daughters prom Wednesday and him indoors being a twat refusing to take her to mates to get transport to prom, i don't drive 
I meant your pay day :p p.s next Tuesday 
Home Internet down until Wednesday morning at the earliest 
@bluenilequeen I'm not gonna make it this weekend...  but I'll see u next Tuesday for sure.
I just want to get to Wednesday.  I want to skip the idiotic day that tomorrow is going to be 
@PaddricRyan I've thought about it, but I DO have to work Wednesday morning 
@jennyrevelle Sometimes it takes longer. You're lucky, I don't get paid til Tuesday! 
Man I can't wait until Wednesday so I can finally figure out what the hell is wrong with my back. I'm in a lot of pain rn 
We lost at softball...again  We have another game on Wednesday....hopefully we can do better
it's just Tuesday, and i'm already exhausted  http://plurk.com/p/1339b7
An 8 page research paper and a 2min speech due tomorrow, plus 2 finals on Wednesday ..woulda think I working on them bu i aint even start 
Wednesday bike ride cancelled  today, thursday and friday still a go!
is having a bad week so far..and its only Tuesday 
This Tuesday feels like a monday.  
is it really only Tuesday? 
@inlovewithKU cuz it's Tuesday night and we're not hanging out. I miss you tons! 
you know that your grad program is hard when you've cried two times this week and it's only Tuesday...someone save me!! 
I am so tired and its only Wednesday! 
Feeling like crap once again. I hope this doesn't become a regular Tuesday occurrence.  Thankfully no fever. Probably stress though.
Is it really only Tuesday? 
It's only Tuesday 
The oven is currently not working....(thanks Tuesday) so now we cannot make cookies. 
@msange.... don't hate me but im taking TWO night courses next semester! Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday are OCCUPIED! 
Hey, where did I put Tuesday? Was sure it was Wednesday when I woke up this morning. That's messed things up a bit 
@mrsmetaphor  Don't worry- I lost Tuesday, really careless of me 
I'ma be wearing a red shirt and khakis starting Tuesday, full-time fit. 
At work at usual bought some funky socks with staff discount woop got my day off tomorrow then it's straight working till Tuesday 
@IzaArtillero shit shit. I heard bout it.. Is it confirmed? And why a Tuesday 
Never sleeps well on Wednesday nights 
just found out my brother has been in the hospital since Tuesday night and nobody bothered to tell the rest of the family...gggrrrr 
@MrMcDougal no all the cool people went Tuesday night..unfortunately I wasnt 1 of them bc I had to work  let me know how awesome it is
@MzMadelin me 2 prima I was supposed 2 go on Tuesday but didn't make the bus 
Almost Wednesday...NIte all. 
Morning all. Tuesday....  another two days till long weekend 
@shanedawson nice meeting you, too  You should definitely come to whatever is going on Wednesday!
Tuesday again, I love Tuesday. Gymnastics &amp; swimming tonight 
loving the idea of cocktails on a Wednesday night with one 'bright sparrow'!! 
Watching the Tuesday night chick flick, and enjoying it 
Tuesday is off to a grand start. I just applied for another at-home job. If successful, this will be my 2nd home job and 3rd job total 
@michellie remember that crazy-ass rollercoaster I showed you? I'm going in there Tuesday 
It's Tuesday...at work...still riding the high from the workout last night. It should be a good day!  
Waking up [again]. It's Tuesday, therefore more CDs have been added to my growing wishlist. 
It is now Tuesday.... stuff to do -- as usual 
@buckhollywood happy Tuesday!! 
I woke up before 12!!! And it's Tuesday! 
is excited for Monday and Tuesday  For totally different reasons, both of which are awesome.
@mckelvaney It's very boring, but will all be over on Wednesday! ..until exams. I'm doing a history degree. 
@jch101311 anything you might need from here? I can give it to achi before she leaves on Tuesday. 
My weekend just got a whole lot better - the sun came out for the first time since Wednesday! 
@rollababy  Cool! Wednesday is the day after Tuesday 
@Holly9300 Tuesday - you'd better be there, or be square 
@DDsD @kcarruthers seeing it Wednesday am, will let keep you posted re #zombies   (@neerav)
@bydahway A LOT better! Most of the pain is gone.  Until Tuesday night, that is. Haha.
@www2009 Thanks for the disclosure  I am also presenting on the developers track... on Wednesday.
overslept today... However it is a wonderful Tuesday 
Contemplating goals, art and the weekend! ...yes, I know it's only Tuesday 
A Tuesday song  ? http://blip.fm/~4oorn
whata'GOOD day! im home.. A&amp;P exam on Tuesday =0!; wake up early to volunteer @ hospital! YAY! 
Writing some new songs, and first band practice Wednesday. I'm excited 
@Emmaahhh hahaha nice oh tickets for the november concerts are on sale Wednesday 
@BCJelly  thats it, Tuesday night, hes getting a spanking.  
I'll gladly pay you Tuesday, for a hamburger today?! 
up to late and going to bed...advising Monday  and volunteer orientation Tuesday...if I get my orientation packet by then! heres hoping!!
@mrswilsontobe dang - no school for me on Tuesday - interviews canned for that day. fill you in tomoro 
@jamierumbelow starting to do that for #TTUK @grantbell wil bring us the news on Tuesday if we've got the big ones we've hoped for 
I don't feel well! + thinking about college on Tuesday is just making me worse! haha 
@Hipchick999 I'm not fed up today!!! It's all good  I'm not in work till Tuesday so I'm happy!!
@Pinkbella77 I know!! He's here on Wednesday eh!  We should go and see him, I forgot what bar he's at though.
@TBrennfoerder That's who I was talking about. I'm seeing them on Tuesday. 
I think I wanna go out Wednesday evening (most likely after work)...hit me up if you wanna roll with me 
@followpeterpan xmen Wednesday and I won't complain  obsessed was good though.
@JaneDoughh were prolly leaving Tuesday night and spend weds in so cal 
I should sleep. I've got like 5-6 hours to sleep before work. Then I've got Tuesday- Thursday off... sweet 
@MissxMarisa we had scones this afternoon!! they were great  we're gonna make cupcakes this week, on Wednesday!
@opinionatedant Have a great weekend Mononoke  I may be tweeting from inside the movie theater either Monday or Tuesday  lol
@ElizaPatricia Tuesday, any other day... long as we still get to watch 
Wondering if i'll get my InMed letter on Wednesday  and this lil dog keeps tryna hump me haha not something im enjoying ...gheez thumper
@stillsoyoungxo soooo I didn't bother to look for it and I tom myself imma wait till it comes out on Tuesday w/c I'm really excited about 
@AmiKang can't wait to see you Tuesday 
it just turned Tuesday and I'm already exhausted... glad this weekend is my birthday, I could use the time off 
@LivingRichLee Hurrah, I knew it would be. Tuesday &amp; Wednesday both good thanks  - bring it on Thursday!
@minnyyy  lol.. 3 new messages... I can do any day except the Tuesday  so yeah.. thursday's okay. Or wednesday. or friday. not tuesday
@chrisendencia Wednesday, but if exempted ako sa Finals, Tuesday  Thursday pwede? 
is preparing herself for Tuesday. Fingers &amp; toes are crossed! Wish me luck! 
It's sunday and I can't wait for Wednesday still, about to crawl the walls soon, I miss my nutty-friend 
i'm so booorreeeeddd. ohmybrendon, i'm going to italy on Wednesday! 
@HiDeefelicity am handing it in on Wednesday lol u still doin ures how long u been doin it now 
Absolutely stuffed, back at school. Fairly unproductive day, but ah well. First exam on Wednesday, preparation tomorrow and Tuesday 
I'm prepping some questions to ask the Noisettes on Wednesday, nervous as hell already.. Questions for them? @ me them 
@sociopolitik Thanks so much, see you then! ... your Tuesday night, my Wednesday evening so we're clear.  THANK YOUUU
watching old school cartoons and trying to sleep but cant stop thinking about what will go down on Tuesday 
is looking forward to poledancing on Wednesday  &lt;3 xxx
It's Tuesday... I like you. 
Yay all exams done  Now I need to start and finish some stuff before next Wednesday 
@HalaGorani  Wow Monday and Tuesday also? awesome 
Feels weird to be at work... But only today and tomorrow then I get wednesday - Tuesday off  life is going well! 5 days till graduation!
is grateful for you, my friends  Client needs project Tuesday, instead of Wednesday, so myopic coding today, tomorrow! #status
@Pretty_Tuesday me loves food and spa. 
I fucking hate studying I mean i am even looking forward to work  at least they are all finished by Wednesday night 
@raz0r_sex That I am, currently residing here. I'm moving on Wednesday though but definitely  dm'ing my number
cyling class was ok tonight,more like it was a lot of fun on Tuesday night with my favorite teacher 
papers, sheets, notes &amp; common sense... gonna be a last successful  exam next Tuesday  #
@vickeretta ...hopefully spend all day there on Tuesday and then go back for a bit on Wednesday 
@mongab Tuesday lang. Thursday i have PE 
is FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE until Tuesday! 
got some good leads yesterday, prescreen interview on Tuesday, another w a recruiter and then my old co. was apparently asking about me 
got married Wednesday!!  yay!
Optimistic this morning. Where was all of this optimism and peace Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday?! 
Yaaaaaaaawn... It's another day but hey, it's Wednesday already 
LOL OK! I'll do you since I'm taking over Wednesday this week anyway  @aherocomeshome
Working tomorrow, then off till Tuesday. yeahh 
Audition Tuesday - nice 
