Most common words for this cluster:
[('tummy', 472), ('ache', 183), ('hurts', 16), ('aches', 12), ('food', 9), ('amp', 9), ('hurt', 9), ('morning', 7), ('home', 7), ('sore', 6), ('upset', 6), ('hates', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'tummy', 0.9383166432380676), (u'flabby_tummy', 0.6834610104560852), (u'tummies', 0.6775508522987366), (u'mummy_tummy', 0.6671109199523926), (u'stomach', 0.6663120985031128), (u'thighs', 0.6589941382408142), (u'saggy_skin', 0.6521356105804443), (u'achey', 0.6472492218017578), (u'wobbly_bits', 0.6401061415672302), (u'belly', 0.6380699276924133)]





Hoping the tummy rumbles go away soon 
I am layin in bed @ 3am cos my tummy is beatboxn so bd so I hd 2 wake up. can't eat. Unburnable calories nt gd for my &quot;abs&quot; I am hungry! 
ow ow ow, tummy ache, too much candy. i never learn 
is hoping this tummy ache from too many cookies will go away soon. thanks brady  
my tummy is feeling weird 
the devil is in my tummy!! cramps are evil 
has a bad tummy ache.  go away, please!
i dont feel like cooking but my tummy is growling cry 
had a grilled steak but now my tummy is upset 
is watching extreme home make over and has a bad tummy ache 
has a tummy ache and a blocked nose 
I am awake with a tummy ache at 3:40 in the morning 
argh..  feel so unwell..like there's knots in my tummy.. 
....my tummy doesn't feel good 
is not feeling very 'yummy in the tummy' today, rather the opposite, actually: feeling 'ouchy in the tummy' 
@lalalaleisa But the last couple times I got taro boba I got a real bad tummy ache. 
My tummy Hurts 
has a slight tummy ache 
Is feelin the wrath of alotta alcohol on my tummy 
muthhaaaa ... my tummy isnt happy 
has a tummy ache... again 
has a tummy ache 
If my stomach didn't tell me already, it's reminding me that I am, indeed, intolerant to this wonderful thing we call lactose.poor tummy 
is having some tummy issues 
woke up with a terrible tummy ache  getting ready for work...
My iced coffee tastes different this morning. Now I have a tummy ache 
trying to study through a tummy ache 
Has a tummy ache 
@risha_ bad tummy 
I think I broke my tummy 
Falling asleep directly after eating mexican food is not suggested. I am awake at four with a tummy ache 
feeling poorly in my tummy 
My tummy is hurt!! 
ew i have a tummy ache 
In-n-Out was good! give me a tummy ache though 
has an upset tummy. 
has a tummy ache! ouchies 
My tummy is aching. 
Ah really bad tummy pains 
@ home with a tummy ache   from drinking 1 freaking hot chocolate!
My tummy is rumbling  I need McNuggets.
I have a tummy ache and no remidies seem to be working 
Something bad has happened to my tummy 
my tummy, it has pains 
in an extremely uncomfortable bed with a tummy ache. And I'm home sick 
is in bed with a tummy ache. 
heading of to the gym and work my fat-tummy... 
Home sick w tummy ache 
has an upset tummy 
My tummy is killing me.... 
Wishing my tummy didn't hurt 
@natashacairns  il be leaving soon.. and i have such a tummy ache  lol maybe filling it with food is now not a gd idea
My tummy is bothering me 
Ahhh, my tummy still doesn't feel right 
school... but myy tummy n throat hurttt...  luckyy me...
my tummy keeps making funny noises! 
I hve a tummy ache. 
That jack in the box gave me a mad tummy ache  if you know what I mean....
Not feeling to well  have a tummy ache..
has a tummy ache 
Peeking in my sons room checking up on him, he had a tummy ache earlier 
I have a tummy ache....   
@dirtmuscle i think my tummy jus growled 
has a tummy ache 
Ugh up early with a tummy ache 
why do I eat icecream when I know my tummy will be sore later? 5mins mins of pleasure for a night of pain 
my tummy hurts.  everything else is fine, but my tummy is being a weird aha.
has a tummy ache  Going to get off my ass and clean more, maybe it will go away
Ugh what do i take for a tummy ache 
not feeling well at all....head and body ache...tummy feels yucky. 
bedtime, my tummy hurts.  
Home, but I feel like a$$ right now  ugh terrible tummy ache
just got out of the shower, my tummy hurted 
Ouch. My tummy hurts this morning. I'm staying under the duvet 
over havin a sore tummy all the time 
should be in bed but was freaking woken up with a tummy ache 
does my tummy have a fever?  i know my tummy will always be hot, but this is unusual. like hotter than normal. ehehehehehe. . . 
@IsThatDee I'm chilln in the office bout to get some grub myself even tho my tummy hurt  lol
in bed with a double cheeseburger. tummy ouchy though 
@greyko already in my tummy I'm afraid 
Has a tummy ache 
My tummy is growling 
My tummy is eating it's self  I'm hungry!!!!
@leccie we have a runny poo and sore throat breakout here so no school,  I too have bad tummy 
have a tummy ache 
Not going to school got really bad tummy ache 
woke up from a tummy ache! 
has a tummy ache 
My pup MIa has an upset tummy 
I feel crummy in my tummy 
boo. I has a tummy ache 
My tummy is upset. 
just had a nice juicy mango now my tummy hurts 
Off to go train....I have a tummy ache 
finally home. got a tummy ache 
not feeling too welll... bad tummy ache 
My tummy is attacking me and its not fun! 
has a tummy ache 
i have a horrible tummy ache   BUT IT'S SHAVUOT!
My cousin's having a tummy ache. I dunno what to do. 
I thought when u go #2 your tummy is supposed to feel better not worse 
ughhh have a tummy ache 
cramps r eew  shall hug a soft toy to my tummy n zzz the pain away
the tummy monster hates me 
has a tummy ache 
I burneded my tummy 
Aww I have a tummy ache 
Is too hot and tummy ache so can't sleep  lots of chem to do tomorro but at least bgt final to look forward to!
has a tummy ache. 
I have a sore tummy 
bad bad tummy ache 
D: i feel like i have knifes in  my tummy 
My tummy totally hurts 
@jumpman85 good other than my tummy hurting I'm straight... I just hate that I can't have my milk tonight 
i have a tummy acke 
@shelbydotjpeg it affects me differently, they don't agree with my tummy 
Has the worst tummy ache nd its a busy saturday 
My tummy hurst 
My tummy is hurting.... Supposed to be a sleep but can't 
has a tummy ache boo 
really bad tummy ache 
eating skittle sweeties- get a tummy ache now- 
has had a tummy ache since 3am 
... got a tummy ache  eeehh
@BaldHeadBarbie6 nah jus noticing all extra roundness in my tummy 
@uberthegeek my tummy doesnt think so 
Taking care of my baby. He has a tummy ache 
Aww, darn I have a tummy ache that I just want to go away 
has a tummy ache 
Too much salad....tummy hurts now 
I ate that yogurt and It's making my tummy hurt 
my tummy hurttss  i drank too much orangee juicee ... stupiddd lmaoo
My tummy rumbled and it scared the puppy 
I need a doctor. It almost made me cry getting into bed. What have I done to my tummy? 
Drinking a can of sprite before bed in the hopes it will sooth my aching tummy. I love to travel, my tummy not so much 
my tummy is upset  no bueno.
ugh at work on a saturday... with a tummy ache 
Has lots of tummy cramps 
My tummy is upset. 
I need my tummy rubbed... 
listening &amp; loving @metrostation. my tummy still hurts 
My tummy is bothering me. 
It seems like my tummy is bottomless 
lying in bed with a tummy ache 
@bellalyrica awww boo on tummy ache 
i just ran a mile. tummy aches from being overstretched from the food and then the intense workout. 
@imthedude frozen margeritas mmm yummy in my tummy. O and beer 
What did I eat that is causing this horrible tummy ache!?  ow ow.
@ImJustJazzy  I woke up with a bad tummy ache. So I said I will nap it out. Then I didn't wake up till 3:30 
I always forget I have twitter. And my tummy is angry at me 
listening to music... watching my tummy.. 
I has a tummy bug  haven't eaten much and what i've managed to keep down isn't all that much. arrg i feel like shite.
Has a tummy ache 
I don't feel well. my tummy is making noises 
take a shit where you sleep. .. im in chileey &amp; tired &amp; my tummy hurtssies 
still have a tummy ache from last night 
why does my tummy always hurt? 
The pizza I ate for breakfast this morning gave me a tummy ache now 
sore, tired and tummy ache. No good. 
Has a tummy ache &amp; exhausted...bout to crash for a bit 
i have a tummy ache   stupid milkshake.
home wit a sickness  I don't think my new tummy likes subway anymore lol
i hate it when my tummy feels funky 
I have a very upset tummy. 
My tummy hates me 
@darceratops In all seriousness I hope your tummy feels better. 
has a very sore tummy. 
puked  by far the worse yet. i think my tummy came up! wtf!
My boobs are still too sore to lay on my belly. This makes me sad and uncomfortable 
Any my tummy isn't happy.  I love that smoothie but it tends to do that to me.
@shinanaitako your constant tummy aches make my tummy ache in compassion. poor you 
I really want to go for a walk, but my tummy is telling me not to move. 
bad tummy ache 
My tummy is grumpy  I'm so hungry just had a banana for breakie.
is dealing with a tummy ache right now.  - http://tweet.sg
@TiFFDiLL who u telling.... did i sleep? I still have the same tummy ache i had after finishing my drink at the club. some1 spike me 
I woke up w/ a tummy ache. 
I have a tummy ache 
Just got home, and there's no dinner!  *tummy growls*
i have a really bad tummy ache!!! 
Icing my tummy 
eating way too many gummy bears... i think i have a tummy ach 
My tummy still doesnt feel good. 
aghhh...I am so sick!!!!   headache, tummy ache, runny nose, cough, temperature! wat else could i as 4??
need my tummy rubbed 
My tummy huuuurts. I need to eat something 
bored....huaaa~~~ so hungry... my tummy is grumbelin 
 my tummy hates me and buritos.
@PrimeObjective in the house wit a tummy ache  and mad n emotional
i have a really bad tummy ache. 
awwwwwww..terrible tummy ache 
My tummy is sick 
Goood night twweeeterr!! I just ate so much my tummy really hurts!  !
I hate my tummy 
hates being awakened in the  middle of the night by a tummy ache 
my tummy is aching 
ate too much icecream  please make my tummy feel better. 0_0
had a bucket of bluberries and now i have a tummy acke 
My tummy is doing cartwheels. 
tejas burger + my tummy = no mas 
Has a tummy ache 
I have the worst tummy ache right now.  I'm not sure what did it. 
ugh i ate too much today. i now have a tummy ache. 
I cant sleep. I has the worst tummy ache ever 
My tummy hurts sooooooo bad! I swear I waited two hours to take my meds  I feel like an evil alien is going to explode outta my tummy
oow think i pulled a muscle in my tummy after all those sit ups i did yesterday. Dammit! 
I'm gaining weight in my tummy again. 
@akumalaysian My tummy just rumbled thinking about them 
I kept hitting the snooze so freakin tired  and i got that feeling in my tummy everYday now 
ooooooooooooow my tummy 
my tummy is hurting 
i have a little pain in my tummy tumpkins 
My tummy not happy 
@MisterJR2 i dont know i just started having head ache and my tummy hurt.. 
My tummy is starting to ache 
Ugghh now my tummy's growling too 
My tummy kills  gucci in moe ugh
i have a proper painful tummy ache 
hyperacidity is killing me  wish i ate dinner now my tummy is hurting pretty bad
just went and got some chinese! it was delicious.  but now i have the biggest tummy ache 
I have a tummy ache, and no one to help me feel beta 
too sick to go out   ohhhhh tummy...
 my tummy really hurts now oh noes
wooooah i ate too much. i can't sleep with a full tummy 
my tummy aches 
Terrible tummy ache. Not hungry. Not diarrhea. Not constipation. Not gastric. What the hell is freaking wrong ? 
Not a great morning  still coughing and the coughing is now affecting my tummy :'-(
just watched the last episode of the hills with lauren in it  but i had dessert. that made me happier. though my tummy isn't happy!
I woke with the worst tummy ache. 
my tummy herts 
I just can't seem to get out of this bed....my tummy is hurting 
@reneeknits2 I've been fighting a tummy bug the last couple days...wanted to go to sushi, but tummy said no.  
On a bus with a tummy ache.  But trying to keep a positive attitude!!
I'm really not feeling too good  tummy all gurgley due to antibiotics and I'm sleepy.
I have a tummy ache 
I have a massive tummy ache 
blodd sugar test will be taken 7am. i better sleep my tummy's aching so hungryyy but can't eat 
In pain....my tummy is cramping &amp; my legs are sore. 
hoping some pretzels will heal my aching tummy 
My tummy is doing back flips and I feel like I'm running a fever.  Why did this come on all of a sudden?
Oof, full tummy  should not have eaten so much.
@therealTiffany awhhh giirl I have a tummy-ache too 
Is at work with a tummy ache 
My tummy hurtss 
Ugh my tummy is not happy 
@BeccaColes i have a tummy ache from it now. too much sugar 
I am sleeping, but I've had some tummy trouble. 
Reading a great book! I hav a tummy ache 
has a tummy ache 
Ouchies I have a tummy ache since the morning I was waking up 
My tummy hates me. 
 my tummy hurtsssss.
Ughhh my tummy 
My tummy hurts  Blacnket &amp; hot water bottle on the sofa for meeeee....
has a noggin that is pounding and tummy that is filled with bad feelings.... 
has a tummy ache 
@msbulat really bad bad bad tummy i guess 
had too much food  tummy's hurt.. :'(
http://twitpic.com/6tp0c - And tickling a wolf on the tummy - I was sooooo jealous of this one 
My tummy  like seriously.
is not feeling too good, bad tummy  
I have a yucky tummy ache 
sitting on my bed with pains in my belly 
My tummy hurts a little.  time for tums.
up again! my tummy is in bits! 
needs myy cupcake to rub myy tummy  *3.9.09*
ughh where did this tummy ache come from??! 
marley's tummy is upset  preparing for a LONG night....
@CharlesTilley sore tummy 
 im going to bed now... with my horrible tummy ache....  
ahhhh my tummy hurt soooo bad! 
Just did some last minute shopping, dumb ol' tummy ache is still here 
has a crazy horrible tummy ache. 
I have crazy amounts of butterflies in my tummy  I just want it to be over!
My tummy does not feel so good 
is sick with a tummy virus 
My tummy is churning. 
Ugh my legs hurt.. Even my heart.. And my tummy.. 
ate so much wotsits, now got a bloated tummy   worth it though ;D
has a tummy ache, and it's not because he has to head to the toilet. Suggestions? 
i need to get rid of my flab 
have a bad tummy 
ate to much. my tummy's hurting again now 
P.S. my tummy hurts so baddd  I want a massive cuddle.
fever and a bad tummy. i can't have this for a longer time. many works to do. 
i'm heading out!!! though my tummy still hurts. 
pressing my tummy. it hurts.. a LOT 
my fruity pebbles are all in my tummy now  no more- how sad
Omgg the sims gave me a tummy ache  they're confusing and I am not enjoying them at this late hour.
aw man, my tummy's growling so much that i can't even hear myself speak. 
My tummy hurts  I want my mommy
Ugh my tummy hurty 
has woken up with the worst tummy ache 
at alicias still in bed with a hungry tummy 
@billibelle  *rubs your tummy*
@chrasy  *rubs your tummy*
Ugh my tummy feels so kjrjxiejdiehsaocnrishajkdb 
@moovlover I was home with an upset tummy 
has a tummy ache 
n thats y my tummy aches!   I blame @miss_subooty .. I was already full and wouldn't have ordered that punch bowl if it wasnt for her!
Recovering from a really bad tummy! 
has got the crummies in my tummies  convinced I caught lactose intolerance from @ljanning.
has a bad tummy ache and is being sick....nooooo 
Having a cracker to settle my tummy. 
@MissDingDong I pull my tummy in - but that's so I can see the dial 
Too much watermelon makes a tummy unhappy  It doesn't just dye your shirt either...ewww...
hating waking up with tummy aches  morning x
boo, i have a tummy ache 
has sore tummy  and is eating some rennies
my tummy hates me and wants me to diiiiiiie 
checking in...tummy's still feeling queesy... 
i want lunch. and bed. and cookie. sleep? my tummy hurts. 
I'm so huuungryyy  the people around me can hear my tummy growl and its embarassiiiinng D:
I have a tummy ache 
Ugh my tummy is starting to hurt 
has a tummy ache!  no bueno.
I has a tummy ache. 
is going to bed. all that coffee gave her a tummy ache 
all the food is gone  tummy rumbles for more
my tummy howurts 
@MaschaD general crappiness which often makes my tummy sickly  I'll be okay once I get going. I hope!
My tummy really hurts. 
has a tummy ache  damn dairy products, I keep forgetting I'm lactose intollerant now....how lame.
I have a tummy ache 
@evievie I got a tummy ache yesterday after cooking my own dinner. 
I has a sore tummy from eating a whole bag of skittles  Owwww 
so sick of having a sore tummy booooooo 
Wow i had the worst tummy ache this morning 
sleepy from waking up early... my tummy is upset 
My tummy Hurts 
i have the worst tummy ache ever 
I hav a tummy ache. 
Getting a tummy ache  I want to go to the park soon 
i haves a tummy ache 
has a tummy ache - great 
@Hoobsters i have a bad tummy ache too  
R is getting worse  woke up with a tummy ache &amp; still not wanting any milk nor food. I miss my lil mischievious boy.
Wathing so you think you can dance with a tummy ache and a head ache.. I think the antibiotics are too strong.. 
Ouch tummy ache 
@PrinceSammie i wish i was full  still lookin for some food to tickle my tummy
I have a tummy ache. 
I have an upset tummy. 
I'm really sick in my tummy 
Hot chocolate gave me a tummy ache. 
my tummy hurts  ... i cant wait till my tummy aches go away
white castle is so so yummy but now i have a tummy ache 
just took an anti-motility tablet. tummy aches 
I have a tummy ache. 
I ate lunch way too fast &amp; now I have a tummy ache 
bloated acidic feeling in my tummy. not happy 
It's to early for my tummy to hurt 
I'm about to go lay down...breakfast made my tummy hurt... 
bit of a tummy ache  but looking forward to dinner tonight with bex and the minister girls 
I have seen the nice doctor. I gave a tummy bug 
T-t-t-tummy ache 
Oh no tummy ache 
@wantsize0 I know what u mean I feel like if I eat anything my tummy will grow 
@StacieBee yes ... but now they are upsetting my tummy! 
awws, greek is making my tummy hurt  but it tasted so good! me and food don't get along as well as we should ;_;
i have an owie in my tummy and an owie on my hand because kitty scratched me..  
there's bubbles in my tummy 
needs a tummy rub..... 
I got a tummy ache. 
the smoothie gave me a tummy ache 
sumfin wrong with the tummy 
so tired and have a tummy ache  so much to do tomorrow, including long run so off to bed to get some rest!
 my tummy doesnt fell good
has a tummy ache 
ughh that yogurt gave me a tummy ache 
my tummy is ache 
I has a tummy ache 
My tummy hurt so much.   and doing some stupid exercises. ;D
i also have a tummy ache. fuck sensitive stomachs 
i got a sore tummy  i think i ate too much...
My tummy is rumbling 
I have a tummy ache ohhhh 
Having an upset tummy.. 
ugh... i woke up with a tummy ache 
My tummy aches 
My tummy hutts again 
got a tummy ache 
i have a tummy ache:'[ it hurts really bad. how do i get rid of a tummy ache? 
i have a tummy ache 
just got my calzone... not gunna eat it cause i think my tummy might explode  ow
You know when you get that feeling in your tummy like somethings wrong? I have that right now. 
woke up and my tummy still hurts  but refusing to go back to sleep.
Wishing my tummy didn't hurt 
ohhh i ate too much candy now i have a tummy ache 
 I had too many gummy octopus... The gummy hurt my tummy
the tummy it hurts! 
I have a tummy ache 
wtf i think i'm developing a wheat intolerance. my tummy is so bloated.  
i have a tummy ache. not happy about it.  going to bed and hopefully waking up feeling better.
@bearblanca i have been trying to gain weight all my life but im scared it may go to my tummy 
@joymeetsworld i'm actually pretty afraid to lose weight, because i don't want to lose my boobs 
my tummy &amp; back are hurting like crazy 
3 more hrs til the hubby gets off and i can sleep. my tummy is growling 
My tummy still hurts. 
I've got a sore tummy.  Not cool.
My tummy not feeling well.. Boohoow 
lyin in bed nusing my soe tummy 
has a little bit of a tummy ache 
@fazaza it was  in an add.... awwww sore tummy 
@govegandotnet yeah, my mom is allergic to most fruits. She always gets a swollen tummy too 
I've got an upset tummy 
ugh ouch my tummy! i'm so sleepy lately it sucks when i'm on the high of ovulating 
i hate the weird feelings i always get in my tummy D: they make me sad 
no more ihop 4 me. not good on the tummy 
I has a tummy ache 
uhhhh... I just ate too many cherries! Now I have a tummy ache. 
My tummy still hurtys 
My tummy huuurts 
I have a bad tummy ache 
got a tummy achey 
I has a tummy ache...  http://twitpic.com/7yfja
A wish my tummy ache would go away.  
i have a tummy ache 
Trying to deal with this horrible tummy ache.....i hope to feel better soon 
My tummy has a bug in it. 
Has a tummy ache 
@loyaltyindeath9 i've already gained some and i can tell b/c my tummy isn't so flat anymore 
My tummy is bothering me again. I knew it was that darn pasta. 
It's 4 and I'm awake because I have a tummy ache. 
@wanchawancha and kisses for your tummy  meds not kickin in yet?
has a tummy ache...  http://plurk.com/p/12pf22
@hanloosschilder I don't know! I just can't sleep and I have butterflies in my tummy I feel sick im so nervous 
messed up tummy. again. 
My tummy is hurting 
I have a tummy ache 
What's wong wif my tummy  9 pcs of norit didn't fix it.. What's next *sigh
I acne seem to shake this tummy ache 
@devinalexander it makes my tummy sad 
has a tummy ache 
ughy my tummy is starting to hurt  grrrr.
Gives me a tummy ache 
My tummy still hurts ....  I don't like being sick
I have a tummy ache 
My tummy aches 
@celestronica tummy troubles 
@sirjayitis all in my belly lol  sorryyyy
just woke up.. damn my tummy still hurts!! 
tummy hurts  everytime I wake up I get a tummy ache for like 5 minutes...is that odd?
I have a tummy ache 
awake, sore back sore tummy.  just saw my new favorite commercial with the scottish asians!
I have a tummy ache 
I hate how my period makes my tummy all gurgle-y 
My tummy is rumbling 
has a tummy ache!  aaahhhh.
Terrible tummy tales  I want to eat, damn it!
@discotetris I wish you could have some but its going in my tummy as we speak 
my tummy's aching.. its really painful... 
has a tummy ache 
my tummy aches . 
I wish I had someone to rub my tummy 
i have a tummy ache 
My tummy hates me. Not feeling good 
@Krankitupmag LOL mentally yes but physically no cause my tummy aches  thanks buddy
Up early &amp; my tummy aches. No run for me  wish I had someone to rub my belly
I ate too much chocolate... ouchy tummy! wawa me 
ooooooooooooooow my tummy hirts 
@russu awesome indeed  happy tummy and melon
Soaking wet but star bagel in my tummy 
@1sweetwhirl I will for sure!!!!   thanks and boy do I need abs w/o      i always say i don';t believe in doing abs, it hurts my stomach
my tummy hurts :/ now that loverboy is back he can make it better with some yummy food!  yay
I'm feeling better now that I have something in my tummy 
@madamyani glad to know the tips helped darls  and when i'm nauseated, it's just my tummy being angin! heh.
my tummy is sooo big but no no, not pregnant.. haha 
@photoatlasgirl -- your happy about the tummy ache  LOL
I've a new belly piercing 
my husband is the perfect heating pad for my tummy 
good feelings in my tummy.  sleep now.
