Most common words for this cluster:
[('tv', 838), ('radio', 119), ('channel', 76), ('lol', 38), ('http', 38), ('television', 31), ('show', 31), ('channels', 27), ('watch', 24), ('com', 23), ('shows', 21), ('reality', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'tv', 0.9181393384933472), (u'TV', 0.8272377848625183), (u'television', 0.7430075407028198), (u'televison', 0.697674572467804), (u'Tv', 0.6927582025527954), (u'reviews_visit_www.film.com', 0.6855159401893616), (u'telly', 0.6796820759773254), (u'stories_visit_bluewolf.com', 0.6796635985374451), (u'DVRing', 0.667004406452179), (u'1bdrm_furnished_satellite', 0.6663855314254761)]





TV w/charley she is too cute and too sweet...trying to get over the blues  cheer me up tweeters
watching tv. trying to sleep. not working. 
nothinn  nothings on tv  maybe they've run out of programs
grrr my tv signal is really bad! its not even picking up one single channel 
torrents are taking foreverrrr. why is it so slow  fuck you youtube for halting my tv watching.
mending my banjaxed back and watch daytime tv not fun 
@littlefluffycat can't yet. must finish programming lights   soon though!
oh no!! i missed an @captainwilhelm blog tv show  bummer
watching the harry kalas memorial on tv. it's so sad. 
@tommcfly awww ive been trying to get you  played on the radio and they  not playing u 
I think the tv world has gotten way too accustomed to widescreens, bc i can't read the letters of these gameshows on my tiny tv 
nuting good on tv 
Now I won't get to watch the spelling bee that is on tv 
@matthewgood i unfortunately watch WAAAAYY too much tv  so you're probably smart not to pull the trigger!
watching tv, too tired to go out 
Watching TV. Viking soln not yet for me 
Watching TV till bed then work whoo hoo! 
nothin interestin on tv tonight    lol
The babys licking the tv again 
I still cant find my cam cable!!! 
is missing listening to radio 1.....normally listening to it by now but havent got a radio 
@vicodin_martini jealous that you get to watch tv 
Wanna watching Milan v Torino.. But.. The TV is occupied by others 
@driis: I am enjoying your online radio, great AM music, ps just finished s.3 of the wire last night and watched you die 
@somegirlsays tell me about it, well it's sky that's keeping it all to themselves  wish could afford better tv...
@matt49er I only managed to watch the first one on TV, missed the rest because of the poor quality of the itvplayer 
whatching tv. bak 2 skwl 2moz!!! 
@bohonation just watch sport news on tv,cry and move on 
@GPforhire Its even worse then the mice are still alive and hide under the tv stand! 
The TV won't turn on  And it's brannnnn new.
@nesherman it was on tv last night. no link 
is thinking that it sucks that direct tv doesn't have on demand  sesame street only comes on twice once at 6, then at 10.
is doing some tv commercial compiling for the station till the continuity systems is fully operational 
Up and running!  Off to WUSA-TV to talk about this summer's tough air travel 
I am bored! damn blackout. No tv, no mac  chocolate though, it always comes to the rescue!
My mommy doesn't want me to watch TV. 
stupid TV is to old-fashioned to connect from the comp.  
bored, and dads yelling at the tv cause ford keep winning the V8's 
my freakin satellite not working 
@JessicaRayburn by making all the games I loved, and TV shows I loved terrible. Producers make studios release things before they are rdy 
@tommcfly ooo starbucks. damn for me not having radio 1 on though 
tv remote is not working 
got installed DISH TV today...@Aakriti is not giving me remote now 
bugger, ustream.tv isn't working for me  Just get a black square...
I don't watch much TV. I learned that tweeting about TV causes loss of followers.  Ah well, ditching cable service soon.
@AliWilson I can only get radio!  x
has lost the remote for her tv 
My owners tv is too loud..my ears hurt 
why must my new htpc be such a #$%#$^$^ to set up.. not seein the tv as a monitor via hdmi 
@ether_radio ommm!!  this is the first one i has watched :S
@Moriqua143 I'm at home switching tv's out  putting my 20 inch where my 46 inch was
my TV is on the fritz again  shuts itself off even when watching netflix on xbox, which used to be the one way it wouldn't fritz
I should be on the radio now, but I'm not 
oh just fucking lovely  modern commercials in the middle of a '60's tv show.
programming(?!) in C...   
How are the logies going?  I've packed away the television for the move and can't see 
Cable is out. No tv or interwebs right now  
When is my turn to watch tv hubby.? 
Something good come on tv 
@sistapoetry no, they are  dam tv hoggers
lost the remote for my tv .. now it's the old fashion way, actually going up to it to change the channel. 
@KimKardashian i couldn't find it on tv 
@KimKardashian I am so sad that I can't watch ur shows.. We only have local channels 
Hey @uterope yo no tengo television   (ocram live &gt; http://ustre.am/1zTr)
watching tv even though I should be studying  I can't help it!
UGH!! why are there commercials on online tv episodes!! gosh!! thats the whole reason why i watch them online! 
My TV is officially dead.  
MMmmMM...freckled bananas. Reading/TV &amp; going to bed soon. Finals at 8am. Really wishing @mikepolizzotto wasn't sick anymore 
its hard to sleep with the tv and giggles blaring in the background 
@oliviamunn too bad the internet radio version was 90% commercials 
@escurel I also agree, seriously nothing good on tv 
is watching tv..tryin to bore myself to sleep...just not the same without my husband here 
@DannyGirlAlways I didn't know you watched more than 1. I have only seen 2 of his movies, I think  I need to start looking for them on TV
@robluketic  i keep missing the broadcast  
@JacksLiaison love magic mtn but i am the only 1 who likes it 
@Jennaa17 is that on tv? theres like nothing on...  and if so what channel?
Direct tv needs to get it together. The guide is always wrong 
Dallas- 27&quot; APEX TV (Plano): Free TV. Looked great until one day it would not switch on    I have the.. http://tinyurl.com/q8fmg9
i dont have a tv...  that is mega sadface
My tata sky connection just died!!! NO TV 
@neo_indian + I have seen it in gyms and used to avoid working out on TV-fitted stations. They gave me a headache 
watching tv and i'm bored 
@MODwife I only just saw this! it was great entertainment but yes sat night tv is always slightly sad, even more so when watching alone 
what tv to get: samsung 46' b650, 55' b650 or a led tv? can't decide 
Why is there nothing good on tv on Sundays 
The veronicas were awesome! Now back to the mtn  i miss nashville.
tv. then bedtime. i miss my sisters &amp; stephen! 
I hate that I get like 3 channels on my tv  in my room now  it sucks
i missed daisy of love  man i can't believe i'm getting hooked on trashy reality tv shows.
@andevers I don't have TV 
@DavidArchie you were great! i watched you on both shows on tv. how i wish i can go to the concert - i'm from way down the philippines. 
Power's back, but my TV's dead...waaah! 
daytime tv is so bad...wish i could work 
 Why does my favourite model never win in these TV reality-competitions?
listening to basketball match on the radio.  Not funny at all
@CarolinaRivera2 the radio installations was a total failure.  the homie icee said she'd hook me up. lol
@PsychicTV hi when is psychic tv coming back to freeview? i have trouble watchin on laptop  and i miss the show blessings danny x
was watching tv with my brother  got bored and now am on the computer   wat a great weekend   
@NikkiPike on TV??  Ahhh you're so lucky. I don't think they'll ever play it on tv here.   Is it even more beautiful all big &amp; clear?
what i always do........watching some tv and playen online!!!!!!!!!watchen the series finale of prison brreak!!!!  i really hate its over!
@mariedigby i know, right? 300 channels and its still the best thing on tv. i can never remember if its channel or chanell, no spellcheck 
I can't believe Mad TV has been cancelled.. it's really popular.. I'll definitely miss it.. 
My tv is completely rooted 
@staaceeyy awh i know, i listened on the radio HAHAH  disspointing.
soo bored. nothings on tv either 
Twitterfon now with commercials 
Here is so hot. I can't stand anymore  And I'm watchin' tv.. booring
It's sunday, nothing good on TV, no internet and no telefone  !! the only thing left to do is read!!
Is wishing the internets would work downstairs  I need to surf n watch tv....
@jennettemccurdy I can say nothing about it, cause' i'm punished with endless recurrences of german television, await new episodes! 
just got the mcfly radio:active dvd... aint watched it yet though 
Scratched the tv when the wii-mote flew out of my hand 
@Trejsi sat watching tv waiting to catch a glimpse of enrique  lmao
i just seen a fat pug on tv.... 
Huge thunderstorm outside and our tv keeps going out. 
watching TV and hopefully sleeping soon... gotta work really early 
not sleepy yet and this stupid direct tv cable isn't working.. there not comin to fix it til the 20th..bummer 
wow I'm tired, I just tried to mute my fan with the tv remote 
a bit dissapointed that the tv-episodes of the legend of the seeker took a very young actors 
still up... watching TV... another workweek ahead 
@marieannevi well yah!? in TV.. 
works on my nerves when i cant find even 1 song to listen to on 12 dif radio stations 
the online radio stream for 101.3 sea fm central coast isn't working...cuttt  this is so frustrating
just had a shower now watchin sum crap on tv 
@madjock I'll be thinking of you while I'm watching daytime tv 
Watching the final boston legal episode  Why do all the great shows get cut yet we have reality tv trash everywhere?
@AmySarah94 I didn't see you  lol oi how u vote for short stack like to play there new one on radio .
...i need a new tv... 
Is so torn between two tv stands 
is watching tv.... raining 
@DavidArchie i didn't have the chance to watch your concert  but i get to see all your tv guestings. hope you'll come here again.
@bobgorila  how sad... the only downside of pirating my tv versus buying from itunes i guess. oh well, i save tons of $$ this way.
@chevalierkun I don't know what to say about anime on free TV. It's good, but I hate how it aired with bad subs and changing schedule 
Only three radio stations in ky. Two are preachers and the other is cher. 
I'm watching TV, because i'm ill and have to stay in bed 
I'm sad that #Without a trace will be canceled.  One of greatest tv series.
@Brooksyonair not got radio on now 
-@chadfu i will miss you guys so much  ...i will be crying on tv to barbara walters lol
Over one hour to unload 19 pallet of wide screen TV's. The piss is been well taken today. 
@CamilleJ it was supposed to go live on tv but it didn't happened in the end  that would have been cool being on the bbc...
forget open the TV to watch EYESHIELD 21  http://plurk.com/p/vfu45
something is wrong with ep 5 of #cobrahcam.tv  it wont let me download it or watch it 
all those freaking tv shows on youtube...i miss my old friend 
lol at s.s tv welcome to short stack tv  were in bondi shooting sway sway baby, and were catchin bees ! LOL jelus of andy gttin kised 
Ugh i can't reach behind the tv my boobs are to big... And the entire setup is to big for me to move 
@KatherineLunt You should have come and moved it then.. i was watching TV and the bastard just walked in.. you know i dont like amimals 
@petronia I CAN HEAR THE TV even with the shures + koss's on. WRYYYYYYYYYYYYY 
I'm thinkin of turnin off the radio...too much of the same gick 
@AndrewCrawford no TV for me! CricBuzz is the best i can do 
@gaylejack ok..i'm gonna find the yanks radio network online...not the update you wanted to give 
@jinx4life im deeply sad  they are going to ruin my favorite tv show 
blahh a commercial about flea medicine was just on tv..and now i'm all itchy. 
yargh! my tv is broked   
@sashagrey awww.  i just found out it's on tv. i thought it was an event somewhere.
Watching tv bored 
@monica_m_ awww  i was watching it on tv today and it kept cutting the movie for commercials :/
#sytycd is starting and I'm not at a TV yet 
i want to watch newport harbour, but mtv took it off their list of tv shows! 
I used to have a remote for my tv. 
@maddieprior mother is hogging the TV   
@afrocurl mark harmon just got shot on my tv 
@MGChislett  Is there going to be any more TAI TV? Ah I hope so 
E3 2009 will be the first time I will not get to see G4TV's E3 coverage since Comcast moved the  G4 channel from basic cable to premium 
TGIF!!! But also sad that this is last day I get to work with my favorite TV reporter 
@lancearmstrong any chance of seeing you at a race in germany? unfortunately hardly any tv &amp; news coverage of cycling here anymore! 
schade  #tv_addict
Apparently TV could not be fixed  On the plus side, we are being refunded the cost of it and can buy a new one.
no viewers  and and @steff_blehh, did you block me on skype?
sitting at home watching tv.  soo bored...
@karleigh and @katiesantry there is no top 40 radio station in fresno! 
ugh lost the remote  gotta actually move to change channel wtf #twat
my tv is so boring  
my radio just turned on by itself  creeeeepyyyyyyyy
@xxLontexx Maaan those commercials are usually up online before they air on TV. I can't find this one though 
I need a TV in the bathroom. 
I watched an australian television program about a dolphin named 'Jock'. I could not stop crying 
I hate this time of year :| No more Tv series to look out forrr. :|:| How Saaaaad. 
@nj_linguist soccer teams? I only get network TV. 
@NIYANA damn niyana you banned me from your channel  maybe you thought i was sumbody else...lol can u unban me plz???
Ah crap, work is becoming more difficult. Nethack and TV off to the side now 
I got movies but I be beasting when it comes on tv I keep forgetting to buy the dvd  @jcstud_28
@TraceyMmm  can you plop him in front of the tv?
Nothing good on tv since finales 
Missing my TV shows  Just crap on TV right now
getting really fustrated cause my radio disney keeps stopping 
Ugh jason set the alarm for 530 then got up and turned the tv on 
unfortunately i could not manage to be able to switch between my dvdi connected display and my vga connected full hd tv.. 
Thinking how much I detest reality tv shows. 
@ClaudiaWinkle when r ubk on tv  lol x
Wondering if there's any chance of having itv1 on the tv at #bcleeds09 may have to leave for 90 mins if not 
Why is every song I'm hearing on the radio right now making me want to cry? They all relate to me somehow! 
want dr who to come back on tv 
catchin up on my cable tv. online. 
damm the ad's are also syncccccc in these tv's 
Oops, the radio station called me yesterday trying to get an interview... my iphone was broked 
Does anyone know what channel klhoe is on? I have xm... 
@hal_berstram There's more than one real TV channel. And the whole tour is going to be on silly TV. 
Awwww I missed hocus pocus on tv 
Watching TV., Boredd 
@heycassadee when does it come out?? i dont get the channel degrassi is on 
@bobbyllew developing a stutter all this footie on tv to blame 
is watching the babarians on tv digital txt, or whatever its called!!! 
@Siskoso I'm watching on tv tennis channel...nothing online? 
@shanedawson shaneee the waiting room was packed we didnt get to speak to you  when you next on blog tv?
@GMAtwater I bet  Our TV news is pretty much unbiased due to regulations and such, our newspapers are HEAVILY biased tho!
@KimKardashian ahhh, i saw you ... on tv though 
Why do movies on demand on TV always have to be fullscreen.. 
@martymankins I don't have a tv 
Argh, the second difference between Analogue and Digital TV is annoying. Neighbour is deaf, and therefore I here the results before I see 
I think I broke my throat by shouting at the tv. 
It's very crowded and hot in here, and I'm sweaty and too short to see the tv 
@pawpads I know, I just caught it scrolling across the bottom of the screen on sky news channel, how low can you sink, honestly 
@pawpads I know, I just caught it scrolling across the bottom of the screen on sky news channel, how low can you sink, honestly 
saturday tv sucks!! I just learned how to build a shelf!  and I need an air conditioner!
@Morrysn the hills used to be the best reality tv series...until kristin cavalleri came along and lauren left 
I am in my house with my sister watching the TV, and I wanna go to hollywood but I can't 
Just spent a little time watching Current TV. What is wrong with the youth of today? 
she needs american tv hulu.com @heyycassy @Sampalm i'm sad i don't have the american tvchannel  i would like to watch it and to watch E! a
@dcunited its not on my tv  stupid cable
@lisareyes I heard! I don't get that channel. 
@DavidArchie Wow never heard the script on the radio b4  they should be more famous...
@MorganPCrane they literally make me sick. If I stare at it for too long, I can't be on the computer or watch TV. Really sucks. 
can soemone direct msg me when the #rewings or #penguins score? no tv &amp; no radio 
I want to watch fight club again...Perhaps I will steal my brother's tv and watch it in my room...I wish my tv was still alive 
I just hope the puppet commercials don't stop 
I'm still gonna be working when the parade starts so I guess I'll have to catch it midway on TV 
Still awake, watching tv with my homies jake tristan and holly , holly is asleep,  im so screwed 
Sitting up in bed watching TV, can't sleep 
@MissKellyO agh I don't have fox tv  isn't it not on sky digital?
hmm.. just sitting here watching tv with no one to effin text 
shit i just missed the performance i was waiting for on tv. and they don't do replays 
I don't know how to turn on the tv 
confined to watching the footy in the bedroom. i'm not allowed to get the big tv 
who knows a good online radio channels !! the one I have sucks, big time, it broadcasts oldies and some blues 
I miss @krisallenmusic on TV 
Its 4:15am and I can't sleep  Watching a rerun of The L Word on LOGO TV
cleaning my room  #jtv http://justin.tv/kayneroch
@pattyxxcore aww, I missed the good tv.   
writing my radio script. its really hard 
@shaundiviney aww  did another radio station diss you?*hugs*
just got up 2 c my darling on tv. but i didnt  ...had breakfast and tried to make a good white coffe ... well, was ok xD
i want disney channel! 
@pink_chick I'll be gone and DVRing it.  
Just sittin at home watchin tv -.-  so friggin boooooring 
just woke up!! if i was a movie star i would be getting ready for the mtv m.a... but i can only enjoy it by sitting infront of the tv 
R.I.P to lebron/kobe puppet commercials... 
R.I.P to lebron/kobe puppet commercials... 
@jack728 I hope you made it to church. I didn't. I guess I'll watch one of the services on TV again 
@ilooovemusic well that is my fav. song and tv show 
@RachelLock22 i missed the interview on radio 1  lol
@leahjbfan hey how come the jobros were on channel 4? i missed it 
@Dannymcfly and where's one for the radio??  do you'll not play?
grr...no laptop = no TV with computer = no TV twitterating 
aww the sound on my tv went away. 
Eurgh, TV is crap tonight 
aw fuck! snaped my tv cable wire!  no tv 4 me 
@Tamarzipan haha i couldn't, my dad is watching tv 
hating 2nights tv programmes 
this shamwow does not absorb like it did on the tv! SCAMWOW 
watching tennis on tv.  I really want to play 
Now I realise that DSTV had turned me into a mindless couch potato...I miss those days 
fall asleep in front of the tv -.-'! wanted to make eva a dreadhead but she couldnt get out anymore  soon goin to bed.
@mexiana_76 its on at 3am uk time so il either have 2 set my alarm or watch it whn i wake up  its not even on tv..so relying on the stream
grtting really mad with my tv it saying dateline not on 
@Babbano I agree!  I wish it would show on tv. What if my internet dies? lol
just hanging out at my parents house watching tv with kenny. poor guy is all scraped up and broken 
@taylorswift13 If my TV worked, I would. What's on that is so special. A performance from you that I'm sadly missing? 
TV ain't what it used to be anymore 
@isntit interesting idea, tried it and it was going great until i wrapped the tv remote... unable to change tv channels + crappy tv = 
every programmr i have watched tonite is finshing  TV will b sooo boring now , god haha
@SloaneJB i dont have the channel it was on 
Television and internet not working, just got it installed yesterday too. I finally have all these channels but can't watch anything! 
@Tyrese4ReaL what channel? I can't find it smh 
So fucking bored! It's pathetic I'm whining about not having internet or tv. At least I have my blackberry 
@AlysaLovely I'm glad it wasn't just my TV. I was getting pissed 
@kristenstewart9 i don't get to see it till tonight  stupid aussie tv
wanna watch mtv movie awards but the channel isn't in list of my tv. huuh 
@MissPrototype I turned the TV off 
sick of ellen repeats on tv. 
@allthatglitrs21 aww its not on tv over here! I cant see whats happening  did they win best kiss?
@professorjaypat I know I know lol. It was def fake. There's no reality in relality tv anymore 
@lilmizsunshyne what happend no TV!  update?
@taasshhh aw thanks..i will b if my tv wants to work.. cant watch foxtel or dvds cuz its being weird 
D'oh stupid transportation issues mean that my tv interview is postponed 
@schaeferj89 lol....I haven't got a tv guide 
I know that the last survivor of titanic died  it came in the radio...
@pandadol i am an optimist when it comes to television, i'm sorry 
@schaeferj89 awesome  i dont think i get perth radio stations here 
I need more thinkin power to bad tv took it 
@crazytwism  hell, they hv changed the cha nnel to star cricket.. trying to find the channel now
actuelly not off to the TV 
So bored just sitting here watching TV buit feeling ill 
trying to catch up on the dvr before i take the tv in to be fixed 
@Thea1992 Watch the news ... on N24 or N-TV ... a Air FRance flight is missed ... and nobody know where it is 
@circusK tt playing all over radio makes me happy but makes me miss you lots tho 
@dannygokey you should call the radio stations and apologize.  there are a lot of disappointed fans.  
I'm glued to the G4TV E3 streaming vid and liveblog at g4tv.com/e3. I won't be able to get over there until this afternoon 
my tv cable was damaged 
is sick  watching tv i guess
argh birds keep standing on my tv arial and making it go all dodgy 
@UppityBlack how did u watch the sounders over the weekend?  I don't get that channel, I have directv 
@thetazzytay I miss all the dope black tv shows 
Furniture bought. Tv next with groceries. What a day 
@MrsHoskins I know, TV is bad enough as it is but the good series are now ending, but i dont think they can drag it out to another series 
@bodylikemind You left us on blog TV  oh well lol who you on skype to?
has been 2 the cinema n it was rubbish, watching jade as seen on tv n its very sad 
trying to watch tv online... its not workig very good 
Just looked at the freeview website and it turns out I'm not getting a lot of the channels it says I should be getting 
@coollike most likely there is more commercial than tv show on american television. it's horrible 
fkin bored watchin tv!!! 
Finally at home, watching the coverage of E3 on G4TV.  Some exciting stuff I already missed 
@EMBlair DAMN! Here you are playing a bunch of great tunes &amp; I have no hope in hell of hearing b/c DH has TV CRANKED. 
Watching I'm a celebrity, get me out of here!!! hahahahaha. I'm definitely running out of TV to watch 
@ChannelSquare I will try! But, we don't have cartoon network per se. its more of a scramble channel that sometimes plays chowder 
ubisoft, go fuck yourself  #jtv http://justin.tv/g4tv_e3
[via reddit] I feel sad that we will never see this classic character on television ever again.  http://snipr.com/j8psi
[via reddit] I feel sad that we will never see this classic character on television ever again.  http://snipr.com/j8psi
[via reddit] I feel sad that we will never see this classic character on television ever again.  http://snipr.com/j8psi
[via reddit] I feel sad that we will never see this classic character on television ever again.  http://snipr.com/j8psi
I feel sad that we will never see this classic character on television ever again.  http://snipr.com/j8psi
i  am now a slave to watching bad TV 
sittin here watchin tv, still feel bad.  
On pc, watching TV and still hungry 
i forgot about the xm radio thing 
i can't watch tv shows :X  someone's still fixing my parents room &amp; it's soo dusty in there 
Home watchin some tv wiff the seester. @kelseygirardot i miss you  
Wish I was watching conan, but there is only one tv in our house and it is occupied    hope he still does the dance.
No nba + no new tv shows = in bed before midnight 
I dont like this time of year. Network TV is over. Summer shows haven't started. 
@fki1stdown I don't watch tv!!  srry! geez!! lol I'm late...so whatt???
watching the hills finally.. so sad to see lauren go  haha damn you reality tv haha
Is absolutely disappointed and pissed both at the same time at all the gamers at the E3 justin.tv streams bashing social media &amp; web 2.0 
Holy hell, the difference in 720p and 1080p is astounding!  I miss my nicer TV 
just opened the package of the new TV..the screen is cracked..now will have to return it..such a flop show!!! 
Wtf I'm siting here watching the food network channel...now I'm ducking starving 
Watching hdtv makes me feel like my vision got better. But then I turn it back to regulars channels &amp; then I realize how bad it eyes are 
lol they both make it easier to look at the tv @bekei87 justins jealous that i like tayg....he's jealous for all the wrong reasons 
@denver2008 I haven't got the new TV guide 
TV sometimes makes me sad.  
@tigerbiru i can't get the channel on tv any more 
is missing fearne cottin on the radio 
Going to work, can't watch http://e3.g4tv.com//e32009/g4onthefloor/wiebecam/ anymore  #wiebe
i'd like to watch tv...but i think my gma is blocking the view. 
awww ye know i dont watch tv religiously but i like the backoun noise.....they took my tv 
why is the sound so low  #jtv http://justin.tv/g4tv_wiebecam
poor guy can't catch a break  #jtv http://justin.tv/g4tv_wiebecam
er that's true of life too  #jtv http://justin.tv/g4tv_wiebecam
@GarnettLee .....I'm in ur television....I did not do my homework 
Pissed the storm made the t.v. cut out, missing wrestling  hate Direct TV!
just sittig here in the thunder storm.... the satelite is down so no tv 
@babygirlparis i cant find ur show on direct tv 
My TV batteries died  I will have to give them a proper burial, I've had them for as long as I can remember 
@chrishasboobs my stupid tv won't let me watch We'reAlreadyReady.....it keeps freezing.... 
just had a sandwich, watching tv, and have to start on my homework 
@rickmur This is a very nice TV and I am seriously doubting about it ...  The price of this is arround 2500 but too expensive for me 
Ugh, mornings are hella ugly &amp; there's NOTHING on TV... 
@kgrtyson easy fix, listen to the abc radio coverage, wish I had tv 
school is lame! why do i have so much homework on good tv night  americans are so silly 'hay diet'
@foxandfriends Love her!  Can you post a weblink for those of us at work without a TV?  
@reese015 @DeanLeyson @AtheneLOL @TaniaUncensored you guys gotta translate the Gunk TV shows into english! please? 
@iammenina Me too! TV 
I have to call Qwest &amp; Direct TV today and I am really not looking forward to spending 10 hours on hold 
I miss being on the radio 
so i'm really upset with my tv for not recording sytycd. who is in the top20? i don't know cause it didn't record 
wishing I had a big ass TV 
As last shark tv  bittersweet.
awww! some of these commercials are so sad 
attempting to watch the live chat from yesterday - http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/1607215 - it doesn't want to work 
mom just came home. she took control of the tv. so now im sitting in my room listing to the radio 
@HelloTomDyer Been watching copious amounts of tv  I think my brain's starting to melt haha
#Springwatch - absolutely nothing on tv tonight 
@smilingimp 200min remaing  I need a network cable, campus tech here I come...
missed eastenders !!  going to watch now on iplayer
little miss sunshine is on tv and dwayne just found out he's colourblind and it's really sad 
german television is very boring... 
catching up on some tv. i miss dvr 
watching RaR on TV 
my tv always freezes while i'm watching inbetweeners 
there is absolutely NOTHING to watch on tv. this suuuucks. i'm bored! 
setting up wires for tv is allergy hell! 
watchin tv bored 
watching tv...but heading to bed soon...not feeling well. 
i want to watch summer heights high..but i want to watch it on my tv rather than computer..cant find it 
its nice to have my tv tonight, but i forgot how slow my stolen internet is compared to asu's 
malto madness; he's on television now, hope he doesn't become over rated now 
Theres really nothing to hear on the radio. 
@Schlingl maybe i wasn't sleeping? just watching tv. i was frustrated because of the bookcover  so i decided to go off
Really missing a sound card - I'm sitting here listening to ppl on the radio talk about cricket and tennis 
@tristyB I miss mythbusters! I don't get it on my telly now 
@TariAkpodiete Viewed a bit of that sorta thing from afar aftr lvng TO. Via TV or CDs etc. Ppl  who treated me/others bad bcoming famous 
5:30 am on saturday... I wish there was somethinh besides infomercials on tv... Not even news is on  but coffee is almost ready!
Ugh the dvd player on my tv is broke so i have 2 take it back, i bet they wont have anymore 
Missed my song on the radio. 
i'm starting to realise that the coverage for 3G on my network is really rather poor 
@willcarling would be good if you can give commentry as i dont have sky and cannot watch it 
watching tv there is no good shows in the morning 
@CCArquette it's not fair! us citizens have it on tv. what about the rest of us? 
@asktonyc I had a nightmare! That's what I get falling asleep with the tv on the chiller channel. 
@courtneywallace ok tv not here  sorry
@mfhorne  Only have the radio coverage 
@PixelApnea I miss that tv show and waiting for their movie..  best damn drama series ever made.
@nottil that would be sweet if i had a bigscreen tv 
@aricciardi80 tv shows don't seem to be what they used to..nothing but reality shows lately 
@TwoSteppinAnt i love it way more than &quot;scenes&quot;. it would be sad to have it lost to the annals of a TV station. 
will watch mando diao on rock am ring later but only on TV 
@RocketMinx Urgh just been playing TP again - managed to destroy the LCD TV but that bastard van at the end of lv3 finishes me every time 
I've been watchin tv for 5 mins and just realized its in spanish 
i hate my tv...he want's to die. 
*sniff* #ER was so sad! why do tv shows always kill off the cool, hot characters??? it sucks 
@jonasbrothers your youtube channel is suspended 
A thousand miles is on the radio. Reminds me of acm. 
watching rubbish on tv  :@ i only wanna watch my mcfly dvd stuped parents
@mylifeisdope My 17 month old VIZIO TV lost it's picture. WTF?  Gonna cost more to fix it than a new one. WTF?  
i totally need my radio 
@tyefighter bummer  I watched some TV earlier.  I laughed, I had some food.  Does that count as alot?
My radio isn't working  Thats rather sad.
@ether_radio still doing that?  bunny.
@Jonasbrothers why is your youtube channel suspended? 
and unfortunately, my tv sucks, so i cant even watch it 
@sunnydeefan3 i dont know, it would be sooo much easier if one of these was on tv 
@TwittleMissBIG I have durect tv 
@kelrenae I don't know who?! Waiitt.. And @meghanrosehart wishing I was there.  (watching sisterhood 2 on TV though!)
@prettyboyswag2 i know, but it's not on   a stupid reality show about an old person is on   stupid tv land.
@CoreyLay  hey I really like true blood too...but here in italy they don't show it on tv so I have to watch it on the internet 
Watching tv and hanging out at my daddys house...I don't feel good still! 
My eyes are burning like hell...I've been watching too much tv...but I'm not sleepy yet 
@newcastlemusic most TV series do that unfortunately 
@motionforce In fairness to them. I'd probably commit suicide if I was on a non-network reality tv show 
drinking coffee, watching tv then work until 8 
Yes I did look at a reality TV show website  I guess I can say goodbye to a bunch of dollowes
@andyclemmensen i sleep with tv's on.  i cant with out it.
flicking through the channels..encanted is on and nearly finished..lol 
Why does analogue channel 10 have to show a delayed telecast of the F1? I forgot it actually starts earlier and have missed first 10 laps 
@CHRISDJMOYLES wow my red button doesn't work  god dam rubbish digital tv - switchover in a few weeks so reduced reception 
my tv won't turn on after i tried to put on the inbetweeners. fml 
I hate when they play 'One' on the radio. They always cut out the best parts.  
@meganclarehaber haha i put airline on xD i hate sunday daytime tv  its shit
suddenly my fox series and movie satellite channels show no signal 
couldn't watch the final match.....I'm feeling bad that I don't have a TV 
sitn watch tv wiv dot n sam we r bored really wna head out 2nite  the tv is crappppp!! missn eoghanquigg 
watching SM:TV clips on youtube.  They don't make em like that anymore!  
can't stop watching disney channel 
is liking this song on radio 1 but i dont know what its called 
aww . . . i hate commercials 
listening to radio commentary now  feels so 90s
dang,  i cant record the fly with me music video on my tv 
billy talent's great... but now my mum came  she wanted to watch tv so I had to go
Watching tv ugh so bored! 
I just watched one if those poor animal commercials 
Neighbors shooting guns, dog trying to hide under the bed, 5 tv channels, and dial-up internet.  The joys of rural living.  Uhhg  
@kezdugdale nevermind just saw it on the tv 
the live stream for the #tonys red carpet is not working so well for me.    no clue if it's the feed or my crappy internet.
just sittin here watchin tv bored..uggh! 
What a nightmare...  lost the radio stream due to flood attacks on the streaming server   We are back up and kicking now.
@TV_TV I tried to ride my bike today and it had flat tires 
Really, really would like a spotify-like client for tv shows/movies.  I've been spoiled!
Really, really would like a spotify-like client for tv shows/movies.  I've been spoiled!
Watching a woman on a reality tv show. She is very obese and just stopped for two fast food meals because she was hungry. I feel sad. 
Is watching Tv board  x
icing my lip, watching tv, and some homeworkkkkk. 
I hear the tv in the lounge room which meens my sis is watching it which meens no gossip girl  I need to steal her computer 2 watch it now
@hoopdreams08 Not sure because I'm just keeping up with it online...can't get it on TV. 
@waitingfornow oh hey i see chase utley on my tv but i don't support him going to ucla. 
i miss all of the old tv shows 
ughh nothing is on TV! sooo bored 
@Muchisgiven We don't get that channel either 
I missed @brittanitaylor 's blog tv show for the first time! NO! 
@Poshpinkla i'm sorry i'm at the dance studio. no tv  lol
there is so much on tv right now, i want to watch 3 things at once but my remote broke 
damn..im lookin @ the tv screen frm afar @ pf changs &amp; i see @dwighthoward wlkn off; they lost huh? 
@lacedwithlacy i freaking love roseanna marathons. i let joel have my tv for his room though. so i just have my comp. 
@courtneyzanetti dad commandeered the tv 
at home - sunburnt  watching tv. bed ina few - - text or tweet (:
@donnaG0701 damn I wish!! I'll just have to catch it on TV 
did anyone else lose some digital channels after the dtv transition? i no longer have fox 
@btubquiz tv questions are not fair! not everyone watches tv (namely: me) 
looks like no ones really heard of it. i only got through half an episode. i miss good shows. what happend to tv? 
Watching tv how boring 
@neethumary yeah my dvd player, tv and camera all are not working  running between service centres  but wat u didnt understand ?
@neethumary yeah our dvd player, tv and camera all are not working  running between service centres  but wat u didnt understand ?
i like to watch friends and one on one on weeknights but the dagum digital switch has taken all but 2 channels away from me idk why 
@erliou56 i know right! i miss my loves. :'( the only time i see them is when they're on the news, tv, or on youtube, or in pics. 
@thugxjeremy tv is too far and haz no arms 
Just got sad thinking abt those TV signals that have bn going out since the 50's- they R gone. We haven't just moved on, we turned it off 
I seriously hate that the iplayer won't work for me anymore. i can't listen to radio 1 
is poorly  loving watching daytime tv tho!
Watching some tv, being bored 
@RomyRose why no tv, pc and phone? 
Watching some tv, being bored 
Watching some tv, being bored 
I wish I was outside radio one now 
missing @rustyrockets show ponderland on channel 10  its the best! i want more i need my fix!
The TV keeps going static, grrr cable 
watching tv, Boreeeeeeeeed... 
out now. I can't concentrate! stop it dj!  I hear him on the radio. gnite!
where the hell is my TV remote 
@ssowy haha, but he was actually thinking of uhhh, me reading books. He actually caught me watching videos (TV series). 
was on the radio..thats it..time for a looooonggg dayy 
Our satellite TV is still broken 
Actually l think I look ugly on tv  http://myloc.me/3VmJ
nobody got on blog tv  so i got off
i'm so sad.  i'm not at the penguins parade downtown. :/  watching it on tv is making me jealous.
is enjoying the thunderstorm...NOT!! no tv, no internet and flickering lights 
@bobdroog Because if you're watching tv we can't talk 
So not only have I never seen majority of the movies nominated, but also the TV shows 
Still sitting watchin really bad soaps!! 
@scottisafool Is the game not being broadcast on TV? I can't find it on any channel 
@MYIDOLTOWN I dont have that channel 
@tpleeza i dont like when tv shows do that. they must think we're stupid 
@TheRealRyanHiga BTV is dead now... BTV went through an update, and now you have no ops..  Nobody comes to chat anymore! :'(
Running out of downloaded things to watch and no good TV on  #fb
@TitanTV i lost all my customized channels after the change! took me a whole day to set it up 
too tired, have to get ready for work tomorrow. now bf want's Tv off so no noise when sleeping 
@miraclemaxtyler no tv anymore 
@omgitsbusky omg I miss my dvr n my bedroom since we switched to direct tv 
@amandapalmer I can't read w/ radio or TV on lately-makes me sad, always used to be able to   (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
can't concentrate on studyingggg  i keep going to the comp/tv/kitchen lol! 
going to watch tv...waiting to see if he comes to get me 
@mizzg i saw it on tv  idk if it's on youtube yet!
I am watching tv in the employee lounge and the clean lady decide she wants too vacum! I can't hear the tv! 
@Special1TV i tried my best...posted on youtube too..  740 more fans! ughh imma keep trying special1.. we need to BE CHAMPIONS soon! 
@AJSaudin Looooveee u in degrassi. ((jealous because I want to be on tv  lol ))
#iremember when rugrats used to go on tv! i miss that show 
up was ahmazing!!! i love watching reality tv shows!!! i can't find my cellie  someone call me so it can vibrate and light up 
turned on the tv and came to the sad conclusion that both of the playoffs are over 
@rawree what did you do to your tv?   but yay for Eeeeevvvvvaaaaahhhhh!
@peterfacinelli lifes not fair  i dont get showtime on my tv. no nurse jackie tonight. do they have the episodes online?
ugh i can't watch seinfeld  my stupid TV doesn't get channel 13, stupid jumbo tv is useless.
@gregray some tv shows are captioned, but I don't know how to search for them 
I think the storm is making my tv sound all fuzzy or whatever 
@bowwow614 i missed ur broadcast 
@egsantos oh is that it?! haven't seen the mtv, I don't have cable TV yet in my new crib 
Late night TV sucks 
 i need followers-If you want Satellite TV on your pc, check this site  See http://bit.ly/SuSvGu
greeeek! i don't like how all tv shows have finished/are finishing for the summer. fail. 
Has a bad feeling about college  -Satellite TV on your PC! See http://bit.ly/EBB9Fx
Reality TV has got a lot to answer for: The Nolans NOLANS are reforming 
last.fm = the last time I listened to free internet radio 
Scottish radio undergoes major overhaul and becomes less local. A sad day for broadcasting  - http://tinyurl.com/m49l2o
Whoohoo - TV has arrived. I'm not allowed to set it up on my own   but I do get to assemble the stand!
Right when I was about to fall asleep, the xm radio thing started playing his song.. As if I'll be able to go to sleep now. 
I HATE that corona advertisement on TV. Mostly because its winter, and it is actually from where I'd rather be 
@varicool but but tv guide says otherwise  is he on next ? when will kitchen nightmares be :o
@christifabe cannot    Idk something wrong with my tv,axn-star world-hbo-e! are not available. But I can watch disney channel haha
@FromFl I agree tv is lame. There is nothing good to watch now that basketball is over  
@sorcha69 hey yes,  read about it.. shame, cos cashmere mafia too, no more chic tv shows  also this was another candace bushnell book!
Nothinf on TV............... 
TV died ... have to find the cost to repair (or replace) 
I'm sad, my tv isn't working very well.. 
has discovered, pandora radio! now that my sirius online sub ended! 
sitting in my house drinking beer, watching crap TV 
can not find any of the tv shows she missed online like she usually can sad story 
i want to see true blood but i dont get hbo on my tv 
@marcscott too bad i dont have a radio around 
i'm watching tv now... mascerade XD i love katy perry... but i can't see her @ the southside festival 
German television program is boring. 
watching TV, but I am bored!!! 
@essexlady4 just noticed that on when channel flicking and thought of u 2  x
flipping through tv channels, trying to decide what to watch. movie? show? idunno, but my sister is leaving me for work right now 
Is still awake despite having a hot milk and watching rubbish tv 
@superduperjes i don't get that channel 
@g4tv its really to bad we could not see how awesome the samsung picture since g4 is not hd 
@jarmstrong73 ughhh i wish i had a tv 
I hate commercials 
@ItsXxLaur09 ooooh even stevens the best show ever.. shia was so young.. i wish it was here on tv 
Hey, shower, TV, bed, getting braces on tom  xoxo SSkierk
hates when there's nothin on TV 
@mixi3chik lmao!!! I just saw that on tv!!! But I missed that part 
Still feel sick  laying down watching tv
tv for 4 hoursssssss  soooooooo bored 
damn i dont get no channels anymore   _ _ _
watching tv. i ate to much popcorn 
@geee_geee i heard tupac on the radio right now too. im sorry to all the Leonens 
These commercials on dieting are making me feel fat  
is watchin tv..as usual !! 
@odowa and you wish you could? disney won't show up on the only tv that we can use. 
@DylanYourself Aww.... I tried watching it but i don't have that channel 
@Wavness not my tv. it's the tv at the accommodation. thus i'm stuck w/whatever is here  ah well...
I would really like some good daytime TV 
@GingerRogers85 i think its the rain  and being so bored after rockness ! tv shite too.
had no power last night and felt all alone without tv, internet and lights 
i only have poor person TV - can't even watch the soccer 
Is in docs office with my grandma, and they have adult swim on tv! But its muted 
@RachelMcFly bluddy tv brokie  and internet is totally f$!ked!!
I can't believe it is my last day at WBOC-TV.  Thanks to all the viewers who have watched over the past couple of years.  I am sad! 
@bsouthern i have the coupons but they expired   I think I'll purchase it anyway. we don't watch tv in our house but if its free y not.
@alexaspitslines OMGGGG what channel?  we proably dont have it ehre though 
betterrr dude...if only they knew how hot that was &lt;3 haha...this girl is giving birth on my TV  gross...lol im not watching it though
sound on my tv isnt working and i cannot figure out why 
I'm so addicted to TV these days. I watch everything  I'm addicted to everything. I might die when school starts again. NOO 
Misses good tv  x
@Shiviland I don't have diseny channel 
They finally capped my cable tv  I was getting all the movie channels until someone at the station figured it out.
@ThisisDavina ahhhhhhh!!! lovely!  I love my man too but he doesn't watch TV that much!  doesn't even like the cinema!  
TV doesn't get good til 5 
more crappy tv shows for me!! needs to get me some 40 winks though 
THERES NOTHING ON TV 
@notblue a tv icon retires  probably good timing tho. Tv is a scary place right now.
TV just aint as good as it used to be.... 
@twentytheven my remote is missing  if i find it later on i'll look at when reruns will be on
watching tv via livestream; my tvcard has a problem reinstalling. 
lookin 4 sumthin to watch on tv not many choices 
channel surfing....i don't think there's anything on tv tonight...  boo
was so engrossed in a TV series that i ate too much ravioli and i wouldnt be surprised if i threw up right about now 
@grrrlromeo I donno what channel that is!! 
@amandamay2010 If only my TV worked 
Sitting in a dark basement watching tv all by my lonesome! 
sitting on my butt watching tv. Too cold to exercise. But feel guilty for not 
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,Satellite TV on Your Computer! http://bit.ly/Eu0Wr8
@DubOhSeven lmao. i'm watching that now! i got so used to no tv at school its weird to be able to watch tv...all.damn.day...i dnt like it 
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,Satellite TV To PC - Watch 3000+ Channels! http://bit.ly/PO4o0E
@Sweetgrl181183 she's making me watch stupid movies.  it sucks. I'm trying to read too though lol but the tv is really loud....
There is literally nothing on tv  how sad
laying in the bed..watching tv. type bored.. 
Neeg liat acara2 tv (jam 6 - 8 malem,senin - sabtu) isinya stupid gosip, dumb reality show, monoton news, pokoknya pembodohan rakyat 
@seekinspiration I don't have a tv....  I wish I could though!
Hey @Andreaschoice sorry about that ass jersey...   (Andrea_TV live &gt; http://ustre.am/3iCC)
lost control of the remote...some stupid cartoon is on the TV 
jeeez, daytime tv is depressing 
So sad liat keponakan muntah2,,pdhl lg main smbl ntn tv.. Kaciaaannn 
@bellamy - or else, there's not much we can do with Indonesian television  They air what we actually want to see.
@give_me_a_latte @monsterchew I am SO sorry I missed that one! I just turned on the TV but I was too late 
is slowly being destroyed by Daytime TV 
can't believe that it's still not warm out.. where is my summer.. i hate reruns on tv .. 
Want to torture a lazy person? Tune TV to some crappy channel and keep the remote out of reach. Watching a wonderful movie on Kiran TV 
omg did u know that hot topic had a radio station but the cut off some of the songs so its  not the full song 
@arminvanbuuren you must record it and get the rights to publish it on your youtube channel! - We want to see the interview 
stupid rainnnn  watching tv then work 5-close
oh  disney channel says it's tomorrow. daaaaaamn you disney channel
Ooooh nooo the NASA TV audio of the weather officer's loop just faded out 
@mikeevee Just give up on radio like I did. 
i really need to be studying and doing homework, but right now all i want to do is watch trashy reality tv 
teh TV stations have not any good movies tonight 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz........ thats how boring tv is tonight, and we have the full sky package 
@violetblue Hahaha! The Simpsons (and all US TV shown here) retain their accents. Over-exposure to Americanisms ruining us though 
unfortunly not watching mitchell and webb as tv upstairs isnt properly tuned  instead watching may contain nuts
@dannyholderby yes.  Couldn't see it due to cloud cover   Watched on NASA TV though
So apparently you can't vacuume and watch tv in my house at the same time without the power giving out. So sad 
nothing to do now that there's no lakers on tv 
my sattelite's gone yet again, not ONE channel out of the 2 thousand work!!! This is sooooooo annoying!!!!! I want my channels back 
@___hotperlita y was it funny to see me on tv 
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA *dies laughing* soy adicta a los tv show super niches 
JTV won't let me on channels and i really really wanna talk to someone  jtv hates me...=/
I hate having no new tv to watch 
misses talking on the radio. I was listening to my old radio shows today and almost shedded a tear.  I need to get back on the airwaves!!
@shayleriggs... at least u could watch it... i didnt even get the channel 
i miss my sobe  lol and television
@CityGirl912 so you never showed up with the sushi, cupcakes and smut tv 
Watching tv, nothings on 
With her yelling and radio 
@ILuvMyiPhone88 tv power is out  so i have to watch how much i use  lol
is happy to have her tivo showing tv program schedule again but not happy that nothing good is on. 
updating my fb...nothin good on Tv .. 
daytime tv sucks  im bored, any interesting sites?
lauren conrad from the hills was on the family guy episode i think hses amazing.   i wish i had a reality tv show
@GeorgeLambShow  not me  i'm pining cos the office is switched on to radio two, it's proper wafty.
Nothing in TV I wanna cry 
dio's holy diver played on radio. reminds me of my ex-mat. 
halo,i'm watching television and it's boring 
@shaundiviney   i missed it! i was on the wrong radio station!  devos 4 me...
@kellyrowlandnet shiiiiit I cant have this tv 
@kellyrowlandnet shiiiiit I cant... I dont have this tv 
@kellyrowlandnet No... I dont have satellite...  maybe...I think... i can see in the site of this tv?
@draven I wish my TV watching was as entertaining... 
aww no cant watch tv to see solaris 
@Domulka ohh, I see, that sucks!   I'm just so glad that theyr consert tonight its on TV! 
i HATE this new digital tv thing, its soooo confusing for people that dont have cable tv 
daytime tv has championed me  x
My internet is being terribly slow today  .... I think I'm just gonna watch some TV.
tv program is real bad 
Still tryin 2 find that paperwork on the tv, hate it ever got stolen 
why has the E4 channel changed its schedule? i miss scrubs 
@lillilinchen commercials are so annoying! 
@TakashiFlash ooohhhhhh  what did cairon do?? my tv's packed away in boxes to be moved 
@comedy_dave thank u 4 keeping me updated - not near a tv 
Watching the tv but I want the pc 
fixing a 43 inch hd tv! but it aint letterboxed 
@SingleMomClaire bummer  I know how you feel, blogs, tv episodes, youtube snippes even twitter -- peeps are busy ;)
#inaperfectworld showtime would be a free channel 
#dontyouhate when u listening to @djcamilo on the radio and the station goes out of range 
watching tv!! Really tired 
@jennettemccurdy That doesn't surprise me because the commercials weren't that funny. 
wow.never imagined how much cable TV meant to me on the weekends.regular tv sucks on the weekends 
video killed the radio star 
@lionl I want to watch that but I don't have that channel! 
mum won't let me on the computer  so ima just take over the tv and hope she lets me on haha
@fueledbytara those were amazing. it makes me miss ian and fbr's youtube channel 
ughh, summer is so boring. that tv taping was so whack didn't even get to see ruby &amp;the rockits. 
#dontyouhate loosing the remote when its impossible to change channels with out it 
I wish there was more on TV 
watching tv gets boring sometimes 
sorry wrong link  its www.ustream.tv/funkydj23
i guess no more love for me! ok im gonna go eat my taco bell i had to go, and watch my tv shows! 
is watching TV now.maybe going out later...but,don't fell like it...... 
Everybody has samaa tv balls but me. I want one!!! 
rationing tv shows: not as easy as you would think 
just watching tv. looking for my ipod touch which is no where o be found. 
There's no TV at camp 
saturday night TV is shit! no masterchef 
watchingg the tv andd boreddddd 
my wee yellow tv is slowly dying 
yea ok so the power ranger tv star..yea he was in one episode how dare the media bash the greatest show and sega game alive  shame on u
helllll devo , wasnt on the tv    dumb channel9 people didnt think we were good enough of what ?
my tv smells like its either about to go on fire or explode 
@gandmetz what's the radio frequency of radio one? I can't find it 
watching tv. Not very interesting 
all my channels on my satellite is down 
@PLDM I haven't seen much in the past year or two. Movies are too expensive.  I catch them on TV later.
still sick  laying down watching tv.
noooooo. not the sad animal commericals!!! 
watched formula one qualifying on tv. Wishh I could have been there 
@shellsdraai it might be the tv's fuse... 
@jennypoynter I got a new tv, so mine went 
nothingggggggggg is on tv. 
wacthing tv with the sis thinking of him even though I shouldnt be 
@Goedles oh boy, more #kimberley talk I see?! and now they're gonna continue ridiculous discussions on tattooing on tv also 
Watching television at the moment as my mum doesnt want me to play xbox 
@VincixKam sodagreen on tv!! but i haven't watched it 
@fudge44 i really hate sports they take ova the tv 
@hanaames Nothing. Absolutely nothing. On my own, bored.  TV, maybe weep a littl?
watching tv mum changed the channle 
@DIVACANDICEM Gonna miss seeing you on WWE TV! 
@jaaayLOVE I don't have that channel 
So sad  I want my tv to work!
how long has casualty been on tv and still their storylines revolve around a stupid kid running into a building site 
@musicistheheart It was just on pay TV. And I couldn't see it. I had to work 
I usually channel surf in bwtn commericals. I haven't moved it yet thts how drafted I am 
@lostducky0013 only cos i got headbuttd and crashed into the tv  but now im better D
@wesupportniley that concert isn't on like tv is it?  ???
@mynamesnemo1 Its horrid  and lol, are you watching him on channel4 +1?
@NLS_yt  i kNOE YAh  #BTS ShOUld bE ON TV !!! -xoxoniley4ever&lt;3
this image i just saw on television gave me the chills. now i'm too scared to change the channel 
12seconds - Last song  http://tiny12.tv/92XUX
Watching TV.... Just it to do.. 
@JBlazemusic aww thats awesome..i dont have satellite radio though 
@xDeex3 broadcasts are so short! 
@tracy_nyc Blog TV is fine for me but sound is very garbled 
@trvsbrkr i would say diego, but i don't get the fight on tv, 
my tv is too loud, my remote is broken andd i'm too lazy to get up. 
missed the ultimate fighter finale  damn you direct tv 
thinking that you shouldn't listen to your other half when they've had a drink and they are looking at the wrong tv magazine 
wants to watch normal television.... i am sick of youtube and facebook! i need a TV 
theres nofin gd on tv 
i hate disney channel 
Our two main TV's are broken. This is a huge trial. 
so i'm watching the big ten track and field somethings on tv. it makes me sad. 
@moniquepowell I'm in IT, and it's where I wanted to be.  But I'm not doing any programming really   I plan to change that.
I just want to lie about watching shite tv but i have too much to do 
Watching the athletics on tv, it's making me feel so unfit!!! 
I miss the tv  it's so quiet
sitting at homeand watching TV........... 
i am watching tv justnow ! i am very bored 
@tag It's replaced birdsong radio 
missing yoU!!!!! and our tv is about to blow up  lol holy shitttt. i found the internet!
I am so happy now. unfortunately I have to work tmrw.  I want to stay at home in my bed and watch tv.
studying math, i haaaaaaaaaaaaaaate math , tv= camp rock 
and no computer.. or cable on tv  so bored watching the same movies from dvds
just saw on tv that jon and kate have officially filed for divorce  
So we don't have a converter @ work for our tv everyone forgot so no tv  ....so its just radio from the tv tuner which is decent
@charltonbrooker On what channel? I cant find it anywhere 
television broken 
arg! damn thing won't display on the tv 
poop. I couldn't sleep 	watching tv then getting ready.
i'm so bored and really have 2 pee. their is nuthing on tv like usual, haha 
@sarah_connors I did. The tabloids have been reporting it for months. It just sucks to see it them admit it on TV 
@JDRFQUEEN Sadly, that doesn't surprise me. Reality TV is the death of realtionships. Poor kids have to deal w/ the aftermath. 
missed shane on tv.  checking youtube now.
@aristeia I'll miss the free football and S1TV 
I was going to watch tv, but the president is on. 
I have a new tv, and it was very expensive!!! 
Experience ruined by g/f and TV, fuck surround sound. 
is bored to death, just flicking through tv channels, bugger all on. guess im not used to being in on an evening 
@kellyisakilla but the commercials always look so good... 
@UndressJess if your tv has a built in hd tuner, yes. Just have it do a scan. If it doesnt have an hd tuner than no 
there is absolutely nothing on tv, how depressing 
@JeepersMedia I can't hear you on ustream.tv  sorry, I won't watch then.
Writing screencast scripts for http://whos-playing.com I'm going to sound like a local news broadcaster from the 1970s 
Making micro-channels is boring... 
yeah, Bravo TV. I so wanna learn more about the real housewives of orange county....  
looking throught the tv guide... anything good on tonight? 
@PiolaBarcamp livestream says: maximum number of viewers for this channel has been reached.  #piola
@DinoGoesRawr they were supposed 2 b coming.. thats wat the radio said.. 
so tireddd. i want my tv back 
Jess hijacked the TV 
@ddlovato is the only way to meet you this tour to get vip, or win it through a radio station? 
@shanedawson i like the old setup for the channels better 
watching TV and trying not to cry 
yeah what is up with youtube changing its format the new channels are annoying don't change , but they will change 
@karendelosreyes I miss watching you on television 
watching infomercials. can't sleep 
funny how when he popped into my mind swv started to play on the radio 
scared because my tv stopped working 
@x3Niamherz i no the new channels r horrible too 
@mattcunt let me know what you think! mine tends to lag  also, i just subscribed to your youtube channel!
@laurasaurusrexx This is true, but our accents sound horrible on tv 
@TheSats Which channel is it on on youtube ?? can't believe i missed it!!   xx
The radio really knows how to kick you in the balls. 
OK, i can't watch tv tonight, crap, i was about to watch the cw  my tv doesn't work!
all this delivery hassle this morning and they send me the wrong motherflipping tv  c'mon newegg, you can do better than this.
@everamazed: Something wrong with d TV  And the TV guy's excuse for not being able to make it is the rain, when they've hardly even begun!
my tv is not working   
So long, Farrah - http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/25/obit.fawcett/index.html - 
@nicolerichie YES! lol...when you live in canada, anne part of your childhood. I grew up with all the books and tv series 
@MrChInBsC changed the channel... 
Lovely evening, long but productive night - I heart the Reality TV Awards  now sleep?
I am watching my best friend Toms tv-show... pa tv3 
@AdamSpiel I am working on http://www.mobipowerpacks.com this week, we have radio adverts to make and magazine adverts to prepare 
@lilyroseallen that's hotel tv's for ya 
@b50 I am a print journo who wants to do TV someday 
ashton kutcher is going to be on my tv tonight 
@pixiepan lol. www.tv.com is your FRIEND! 
I wish I still had my Simpsons shower radio. 
@dancingbudgie jesus, even more impressed! When mine were those ages I barely had the energy to change the TV channel in the evening 
@emma2381 We watch more DVDs than TV for that reason. Most of the time I'm just listening to TV anyway while on the computer 
house-tv.org ready to use. But what to do with it? 
@tommcfly your music is now playing on tv and the radio in australia now. It took alot of requesting but we did it 
Short Stack TV Marathon 
@energizr &quot;watching sunshine&quot; - no, no - that's the *window*....you TV is over there! 
@hollieleanne tv show  fromt he creator of buffy, firefly and angel!
Doing TV easy crossword! 
i'z eatin. i'z awake  http://www.ustream.tv/channel/hamsterhammy
Watching TV with Jaysun, simply fagulous 
is watching tv while surfing the web! 
@DulceVitaVICK the wonders of monotonous television programming..that or george lucas paid for another showing 
listenning paramore on radio disney!! 
@trejo35 he got his love for zeppelin from his madrina  plus, have you ever heard of tv shows other than 30 rock and the office?
Driving to work sunroof open and whitney on the radio 
well its sucky saterday tv wise, so going to watch the lost room on dvd 
@pcnlove959.. well due to TV which often disregards human rights, everyone now knows about her 
@radio_protector all good as well. 
just watching tv lol 
@kluless65 I found it in my telly fone.   
I'z awake, runnin' around!  come watch! http://www.ustream.tv/channel/hamsterhammy
checking out nba.tv and the livestream package thanks to @okiess 
is watching tv. 
is watching tv 
Infomercials make great late night tv 
Watching some tv before I help move rooms 
going to bed, listening to the tv/radio thingy 
watching disney channel and eating breackfast 
@NinaMcFLY you're welcome  i heard that once one of their songs was being played during a german tv show, is that right? 
@hermioneway Thanks, your comparing was pretty damn good too  All the interviews will be up on http://intruders.tv all others tbc
@mattlackey :-0 turn the brightness up on ya tv 
watchin' TV 
hopefully i'll get a mention on radio 1 
i am watching tv 
@bunnylake AWWW what it was on tv ? i love that film jim carry is the bestest 
Listening to the radio  x
@dblanks now that i've layed it on extra thick...lmao...still interested in interview u for &quot;OHREALLTPOET TV&quot;  ....whoo hoo!!
Just Watching Tv 
is drinkin' tea &amp; watchin' tv 
I am watching TV 
@t0nym0rtimer no but youtube it! hehe  It'll get to our pay tv in a few years I'm sure hehe
@RecoveryDate Dam... forgot about him.  Now THOSE were the good old days.. liquor and cigarettes sold on TV 
@DaynaRoselli dedication,  i brought a tv to work so I could watch my fav newscast....  
TV is now fixed... hallelujah! 
: i stopped watching tv : why : i lost my remote   i love my friends
@ficklampa EyeTV need to convert the recorded TV show into a different format, and an old G5 takes two ages and one forever to do that 
@Ewand11 ye lol. But it was the tv series. Not the film 
@CHRISDJMOYLES you on tv more?  forget the radio...your too good for that!
@LexaKaren tell me the channel !! 
my brother and i are singing along to the freecreditreport.com commercial on tv  lol
@JimNorton i am on the west coast, so i still get to enjoy norton on letterman yeah,...and i'm DVRing it so i can show others your genius 
will and grace might just be the best tv show ever made... next to kyle xy, skins and one tree hill 
today dad bought this frkn HUGGEEE sony bravia tv. but YAY it means i get the old mediuism still big tv 
done blogging, now.. off to watch television! 
finally out of bed! eating breakfast and watch tv 
is signing out, i'll watch tv 
Soccer am: perfect hangover tv 
@tommcfly  you should appear in a tv show in brazil. 
going to watch tv  
showing her underwear to tv viewers is her greatest talent  http://tinyurl.com/c2u74w
has never been so happy to see america's suitehearts on tv, because i can now say i met them! 
@amieewhitney Then call up the company and demand German TV! Say please tho.  
Sitting listening to random music while watching random stuff on TV  
@ladyofsalzburg heh I barely watch any series on tv cause I always forgot when everything's on lol! It's much easier to buy the dvd box 
saw my mom on TV just now  lmao
watchin' tv 
@kikila Watching Movies on TV and drinking wine 
@punkyandy it's a lovely saturday to watch tv shows 
Haha wakin up to some married with children on tv  now back to sleeeep
@___radioactivex i think i myt listen to one for the radio that song haz a buzz 
Making an radio-program! 
@natalietran I'll add a #masterchef hashtag to show the love.. but I don't watch commercial TV 
Watching TV!!!  Haha...!!!
@photobox ordered 2 30x20 prints, can't wait to see them, they're as big as my TV 
We haz entertainment. As much as fta tv can give!  http://twitpic.com/4h0ro
@ronni_xo aww ): i had to fight my dad for the tv, and won, lol. i love having 2 tvs 
It doesn't happen every year that Tv show stars congratulate me to my birthday.  They even sang the song together with my friends. #happy
@nessie111 :O you got out ov bed b4 12 :O you feeling ok? and woop radio 1  lol
I have a pile of homework &amp; studying to do, but the internet &amp; tv is more appealing 
watching the TV annual logies on TV 
@_josh_thomas You are looking very lovely tonight, I am looking out for you on TV 
@angieelenis I dont have a channel yet. I just contribute to some. But I will have my own soon. I would like to watch yours, until then 
is using her mom's laptop.  so i can plurk and watch tv at the same time. ) yeahy.(applause) http://plurk.com/p/rjtwl
listening to the radio 
At the couch chiiling  watching tele with dad!
@phpfunk it looks really funny w. the big tv in the background 
I love @careypena3tv @JavierSoto3TV and @brittneyshipp this morning!  They make me laugh (and hungry) and put a good start to my day.  
woww this song on anjunadeep radio right now is nice  http://tinyurl.com/s
@JavierSoto3TV are you going to participate in the waxing? LOL 
Home.  TV.  Finally relaxing 
Going over Jons to watch tv 
is gunna go watch some tv, then take a shower! 
@Doodlearts Heyyy  look i got u back on this lol!!  So how are you?? we need more ppl, class wants to go on breakfast televison!! 
@misscole74 oooh maybe I'll see you on TV...I'll look for the red hat in the audience. 
@AshleyxoNicole I don't really watch it too much, but I like it sometimes  It is intense when it's on tv though D:
Just ate, watched tv took a bath and opened twitter 
@MsHauteStylist yes yes you already know...and she will get one like all tha other shows! all we have is reality tv 
Watching Hulu...TV is crappy tonight 
@awakeningstweet Thanks  You don't happen to have the audio with just the music do you? #meditatemonday #radio #youtube #gregbraden
you belong with me - @taylorswift13 is on my radio 
@RajaSen was seeing promos of 99 on tv. pretty nice  is @cyrusbroacha really that fat or is he playing a fat guy? 
is here with her bear. Watchin TV 
short stack need to add some more short stack tv 
watching short stack tv 
i don't know the guys on radio disney have so much energy. i wouldn't be able to do it  &lt;3
@whatsonthetube total tv quote, not sure if u would know it 
listening to the online radio; oldies 
Watching HG-TV....and a cute carpenter guy  woo hoo!
@mileycyrus is on the radio 
just got out of the pool!!   so fun..now gonna watch tv and do stuff on the computer. (:
hairspray on tv! 
loving my new tv 
off to collect a tv I acquired from freecycle 
like your first broadcast @supitsemily 
@thepocketmonkey  Just flipped the TV on and there it was. It was much too painful to linger, however.
Relaxing with banoffie pie and crappy tv 
ugh should really stop watching tv. disney channel can be sooo addictive. 
gunna boost my dvd collection and buy a big fook off TV next week me thinks 
is catching up on special one tv... 
Tune into @KLFY TV10 at 10:00pm to watch my awesome directing skills. 
watching tv with my lovely momma 
Watching Spanish television with mom 
watching tv ...with me whole fam 
@datalore_tv good to know it's not just me 
about to watch some tv.. thinking about some one special. 
okay enough blipping.   I'm off to watch a little old TV and then dishes, laundry and bed.
off to bed, and to watch TV! 
@kittychix there was a star troopers tv show?! wtf.. how did I not know this? also, the first movie = one of my all time favs 
watching is epic tv  gnight
watchin tv 
is watching tv. 
in bed can't sleep; watching television in paradise 
http://twitpic.com/552tv - &amp;&amp; the current one 
@iamdiddy ... not only am i locked it but i'm comfy ... i'm editing radio spots in bed on my macbook 
I was just talking to scott mills on the radio  x
@denishaoktari not boring for me! I got to watch livestream of david's performance on a philipines' tv shows! 
really like the new TV2 look 
sleepy. wanna go back to the lil tree house with LCD TV and laughs all over the room. 
@mrs_rudge It's a local filipino TV show, weird how it ended up in the trends 
since I have a vblog - http://daveac.blip.tv/ - I thought I ought to add a definition of #vblog to the tagdef page  http://tagdef.com/
i sooo hate myself for not watching @DavidArchie on TV !!! ugh !!! hope its on youtube 
@DiiLee weekend za7ma  i'll stay home eat and watch TV shows  u?
I watching Tv. 
@DoctorJones Oh, the irony of her comments  but I guess that's tv for u
Hey! I'm on TV  http://www.catavino.net/londonwinefair/
Is offing my lappie and going back to my tv programmes. 
@ether_radio 
@Chrisrider heh tho I agree you will end up enjoying it &amp; getting spoiled with it, converting back to my 3G radio now 
Watching TV, going to bed soon... 
holy crap. since when did they start showing the nanny on tv again? 
hey! watching tv!   i'm texting with my former classmates!
@krahl you watching tim burton movies on channel 34 ? 
these radio headphones are huge. i need to grow into them. 
@Denkar1891 Tv in front of the fire   I have dish-pan hands... and lots of green cordial 
@easegill You won't be looking for it on Kiwi TV? ;) Something of a cult following here. All in fun as no-one takes it *seriously* here 
watching my fav tv chow.. 
i was studying and now watching tv ... 
@NathanFillion Finally seeing Castle on Aus TV tonight. 
Plans to sit in her pj's, watching Kerrang TV all day 
watchin tv and surfin the net 
@bradiewebbstack short stackis a trending topic! you should be proud  lol when is ep 20 of short stack tv coming out?? ily xo
wow TV media player is impressive, works quite fine on 1080p and 720p, maybe i can avoid a media pc 
Does your Dog Watch TV? http://bit.ly/DZ43M We keep our TV on @AnimalPlanet (via @askspikeonline)  love it!
Waiting for mcfly on radio 1 
@TachaV o lol congrats tv  where's the party and will there be some lumbi?
@asinclairharris mcfly are on radio one 
watching tv  i just don't like sundays x_x
@AndyMilonakis who's your caddy is on tv right now! 
now watching even more field hockey on tv 
@gfalcone601 awww! your slaving away while he's on radio 1, have you been listening, soo hilarious  iLoveYou xxx x x ???
still watching TV   bored out of my mind
good things are happening you guys ;)  ill go into more detail later, but it has to do with a TV show and my video 
@failingwords hilde darling, i think you can listen to it again,  on iplayer ;)
listening to mcfly on the radio 
Just arrived home and now i'm gonna watch TV  
Loving Wedding TV - giving me loads of ideas! 
enjoying healthy dinner, watching Da Vinci Code from TV and working on my MacBook...who said men cannot do 3x things at the same time  ?
@nothingbutchad...seeing as your the DofC at a TV station, that might not be a bad thing. 
mcfly were just on radio 1  yay! x
listening to the radio now 
listening to my ipod and glancing at the tv until i to leave for practice at 3:20! 
the media wants it to be the cavs vs lakers based on the puppet commercials....if that was to happen who would you root for? 
hahaha...nice  @mattbarnes08 SURVIVOR finale 2night. That means 3hrs of me in front of TV be4 I go on TV. &amp; they say TV rots ur mind.
working on the new @penshiremedia logo and watchin tv on the new 50&quot; 
watching tv......and txting 
@ablenetdesign here you go: http://therockstar.tv 
@ssowy. What you want is out there - unfortunately they are not available through official channels 
What can go better than  Reaty TV 
watching tv with tricia 
iphone picture from tv in la  - http://mobypicture.com/?0wzahl
singing along to the radio  lol getting told too
on tghe couch watching tv by an open window 
Methinks I watch too much tv 
I demand more short stack teevee 
I make comments to myself durring tv viewing. If you were here I'd be talking to you. 
watching opposite attracts video, on tv - taylor swifts top 20 love stories haha its #11 
Arc90's TBUZZ kicks the pants off what I was trying to do at http://bit.ly/yK5TV - nice work Arc90 
felt good to hear musiq soulchild on the radio in korea 
@stephenfry awesome  will it be on tv?
666 subscribers on my youtube channel http://www.youtube.com/asmovision off to perform a black mass 
Live on ustream  http://www.ustream.tv/channel/nathanwillsmusic
Every song i hear on the radio is just like any other son i hear on the radio! my god, why don't they play some music! 
@benlizzotte so i think you should work for the discovery channel b/c then it would be media AND sharks! 
@carocat yeah, I have a whole list of tv shows that I really ought to watch.  I'm just generally not a tv watcher though, so takes effort 
Watching Short stack TV 
@Astro_Mike do u get your replies up there?  Has been so great following u on Nasa TV Thanks 4 bringing this 2 me. best wishes to u all x
A bit of metro station, social networking, noodles and the tv on in the background. 
homeworks and than TV  see you later twitt 
@ashnessa94 watching tv and chatting   and you?
love watching tv 
#followfriday @evregirl because she is so awesome and authentic @twanjikalula cause he is funny and friendly and in TV 
Waiting for my new lcd television to be delivered 
gahhh!! why is the computer so slow.. all i want to do is watch Short Stack TV episode 20..again.wooo!! the music video is getting closer 
@wantit would that be a television you have been watching? bah humbug. 
These infomercials are putting me to sleep. i cant stop thinking about him )   night 
Wow tv on the bus  I may never get off
@helena_horror We should get crackin on that channel... 
@quiggles hang it behind the tv 
i'm watching television 
There's giant balloons on tv!! I heart discovery channel now haha 
Btw I have a somewhat important phone call to make for SBS tonight, I would appreciate any positive energy anyone can send my way 
Downloading TAI TV episodes from iTunes. 
@twistedthursday I can't agree more about TV. haha! I &lt;3 reading and being online as well. 
I'm watching TV 
Besides once I get a recurring role in this tv show I won't be doing hair much longer after that. I wanna go out with a bang! 
KING my dog watches TV with me  ha ha ha ha
Now time to head to a radio interview... This will be an exciting one 
Where would we be without our tele confrences 
@mileycyrus then don't give them material. stop being friends with them. and most importantly: unsubscrive from hollywood tv's updates 
lying in my bed watching disney channel 
Listing to play one uk radio 
back to the TV 
Grease is on tv and i have a night free of interruptions. 
@taylorswift13 they should create voice automated TV sets. Then we wouldn't need remotes. 
@tamcan what channel? 
we're getting a new TV tomorrow!! so excited to finally get out of the freakin house!!!!!!! 
@twilightfairy @neverclever you've been watching too much TV. 
@xmannyboix not tv but youtube... Its the new tv 
