Most common words for this cluster:
[('twitter', 1050), ('quot', 72), ('people', 67), ('time', 46), ('day', 45), ('today', 43), ('lol', 39), ('thing', 37), ('phone', 35), ('http', 34), ('thanks', 32), ('work', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Twitter', 0.9999629259109497), (u'twitter', 0.8918054103851318), (u'Twitter.com', 0.7695633172988892), (u'Facebook', 0.7671328783035278), (u'tweet', 0.7649917602539062), (u'tweets', 0.7512309551239014), (u'Tweet', 0.7306918501853943), (u'tweeting', 0.7269160747528076), (u'Tweets', 0.717422604560852), (u'TwitterTwitter', 0.7062097191810608)]





thought it would be interesting to get F1 updates from Twitter, slightly regretting the decision, I can't see anyone elses's updates 
Today was a less interesting day on Twitter. @cboyack , @igeldard , and @iidiocracy were all kind of quiet today 
It seems that Twitter lost some updates yesterday - again!!  #twitter #fail
I understand nothing from this Twitter 
wishes twitter had a translator!! Twitter just hasn't caught on in the southern hemisphere yet!! They'll get there aventually I guess! 
@fireflies_uk Twitter is really playing up! Braces...brings back memories of bad gagging reflex 
wow I missed a lot on Twitter last night!!....I'm soo sleepy 
@balmeras - hey, I tried to respond to the wine invite yesterday, but issues with Twitter.  
Company blocked Twitter today  oh well i still have it on mobile 
Really need to be getting work done, but Twitter is more entertaining right now 
What's the best tool for sharing pictures on Twitter? I noticed that @henriliriani created dznr.org but I'm not invited to that party 
@SandyGuerriere I admit it. It was all my fault.  I accidentally pulled the power cord to Twitter thinking it was for my laptop 
SMS tweets still fail. Twitter hasn't acted on my support request, either.  
Starting to be far too many spamers and bullshit followers on Twitter.. I tweet about moving furniture and 3 furniture companys follow me 
@rossm I find it pathetic, not funny. Just like splogs in blogosphere, we'll have more spammers than good users on Twitter soon. 
I thank everyone for following me. I am on Twitter most of the day, I am unemployed at the moment 
@Twitter_tips can u believe firefox acting up again? Ayyiya LOL can't win 2 day  r u the main tweeter or is there a group? You have be ...
is annoyed to learn that someone else is on Twitter with my name  no worries they aren't a fake me,  its just they have my name!
ThinkReferrals, is the only one I've had a chat with on here. Other than that nope. Twitter sucks, people don't wanna chat 
Missing my Twitter folks these last couple days.  Haven't been on much. 
Morning Twitter sorry for the neglect, feel like crap today  Looking for a sympathy vote 
@NyckiMidTown omg! I totally did not get this until now. I've been slacking on my Twitter stuff.  hope ur havin fun! Thanku 4 the invite!!
Aryayush and Preshit, Twitter doesn't seem to be the place where anyone is interested in your queries, I've learnt it the hardway 
This is my last hour on Twitter for the next week 
Twitter is getting boring because no one talks to me..and barely any of my friends ever update 
@DexterVonDoom  do You know he just joined Twitter!~ =  @MatthewSantos ...cant wait to hear it...broke till next week 
But I don't love that @Twitter's gone mainstream so fast 
I haven't been on Twitter for ages! I have a blinder  going for a bubble bath 
Finished the last of my 18 extras for this week whilst on camp with year 9s. Twitter is likely my only contact with the outside world 
@Beverleyknight sorry 2 hear u feel under the weather  could you please follow @sophiewilkinson she is the bravest girl on Twitter :O) xxx
has been abandonin Twitter for last few days  must be serious about life for the next 2 whirlwind weeks
@LHudgens What makes you think I'm a Twitter spammer? I'm just very low in my twitterring! I'm sorry if I hurt you by any chance! 
is confusing her game chatter with Twitter.  
doesn't enjoy Twitter...it's mighty confusing! And I have no friends 
finds it sad that no one I know is on Twitter...boohoo 
Trying to find people I know on Twitter, but having no luck. 
I think Twitter search is broke....   Why am I still up anyways?
I cant see anyones profile pictures.. is that happening in Twitter today? or is it my computer 
I'm actually still confused about some things in Twitter 
Twitter could be ruined   http://bit.ly/psZVD
Lately, I find myself spending my breaks thinking of cute things to write to Twitter. Twitter is turning more and more into a girlfriend. 
@boztek Really? What point is a Twitter client with no notifications!?!?!  I depend on these constant distractions! They are my life-line!
@davidbrussee Too bad our working schedules have some lag. I'm always too late to send Twitter messages while your on the train! 
Still not quite sure about Twitter   I feel I have more interaction with people on a certain other site.
Twitter has become my boyfriend number 2, boyfriend number 1 is working all day 
@deenahagen @LoriBartolozzi  Twitter is showing that you guys aren't following me anymore - did I do something? 
Twitter is over capacity yee sure or u maybe hate me?  haha goodnigth guuys! (= see u tomorrow hehe
@joycescapade gambaru! everyone seems to be jumping onto the Twitter bandwagon now. 
I don't have firends on Twitter 
Twitter I said change my profile pic, not eat it 
OFF to school; ugh Twitter needs something where you can &quot;text&quot; your status to them through regular messaging. I dont got twitterberry 
@jordanknight TINK = Twitter wink, fart, sneeze, burp... please, just tell us what it means. I need to get to bed 
I talk so much on Twitter, sometimes I wonder if half the stuff I say gets read 
@ChunLum Yes, since there were problems with Twitter refusing to change our avies, I figured we should postpone #cartoonavie weekend. 
@shaw_ty ...and no invite? Not even on Twitter? Hrmph 
I'm afraid recommendations is useless for the time being... unable to follow for now. Twitter limit is reached? 
pfffff Twitter's sloooooow today!!!!!!!  cmon peoples tweeeeeeet!!! xD
back in Varezhe- a bit lonely here in Twitter, there's no one i know! 
K, so I am still new to Twitter..&amp;feel like a dork. I'm disappointed so far. I thought i could find new people across the globe &amp; whatnot 
What Twitter client are people using under 3.0b4. I like twitterfon but the reply button crashes it 
@bannersrus Your banners a beautiful!  The link to your shop doesn't show up very well in your Twitter profile, didn't see it at first 
figuring out what the heck Twitter is!!!!  I NEED FRIENDS!!
Chating with my homies one i might never hear from again  shes a great girl but she cant make a Twitter or any thing idk
k night Twitter. *sigh* regrets and desires go hand in hand I guess. 
doesn't like that Twitter hurts feelings  so sad! that never happens on facebook...
@FluppyCrack  oh fu**ing shit   And like me your first way was Twitter, right? 
A Twitter page devoted to not texting while driving just started following me. It's like having your mom go with you to a party  
@LadyDi612 I still don't appear. Twitter doesn't like me.  I only changed my username I didn't delete/restart my whole account...
Who can help me post Twitter feeds on my blog -I'm not winning  I did take my light switch off now to find a new one store didnt have it
Hey im up and already tired of home. I &quot;love&quot; being treated like a little kid.  also, i woke up with 24 messages. Twitter is takin over!
Is it immature to be disappointed that some of my friends won't &quot;follow&quot; me back on Twitter?  
Twitter is acting real quiet. I'm guessing its behaving badly for us all.  twitter-dont u know ur my life line to the outside world?!?!
@shoalsbiz is prob having cache issues right now.  It should fix itself, but I'll let @ev / someone @Twitter know about it too. #shoalsbiz
Twitter is lame with nobody to follow and no followers. 
No one responded to my saltshaker question  Twitter is a lonely place 
Twitter is becoming a depressing place bound to be sucked into a black hole. 
Get out of a sick bed, log onto Twitter and see I've been purged, abandoned on the Twitter highway like a cast off script. 
People I actually know are disappearing from Twitter daily...     Even the one friend who told me I should get one!
@BrentSpiner Really missing your updates...Twitter is much less fun without you.  
@chuckdarw1n brilliant! hope Twitter-groupiness isn't annoying! 
Theres only so much you can on Twitter! really need to log on facebook and im only 12 hours into my no facebook week 
@MadgeC catching up on some tv, emails, Twitter, need to start an essay later 
Figuring that none of my friends update Twitter. 
I wish Twitter had privacy controls for individual tweets, so I could send 'em out only to specific people. 
Following tiago leifert at Twitter, BUT he don't notice me, and this make me cry!!! hum.....I'm so sad! 
my boyfriend thinks Twitter is ridiculous and that all the people who are pretending to be celebs arnt real 
I'm finding out from Twitter, many years later, that apparently I'd had a reputation for feeling up my juniors. @squarefaced says so. 
Twitter is dead tonight, everyone must be out having a life.  Or sleeping, at this point. I remember when I used to sleep normally...
seems to only be able to login on alternate days. Why this bugginess, Twitter? 
thinks Twitter hates her. I can't figure anything out. 
@archujonas Haha aww that's too bad.  I'm having issues with Twitter also. It never gives me all replies even tho I have it set at that ha
When this first started I thought Twitter was blocking my account or something    I felt very alone.
Twitter is stupid... I had three @ messages that I just now saw.  boo, twitter, boo.
I don't know why but lately there's a lot of random weird followers, following me..? Twitter is slowly losing it's coolness 
@elhubcapo Thanks, i really hope Twitter switch it back or at least give us the option #fixreplies 
It's my best mates birthday today, she doesn't get Twitter tho so she's not here 
@BuddyThePuggy sorry, Twitter went down last night so mama turned it off 
@AlohaArleen What a mess? @#Fixreplies  petitions, worka arounds  causing a massive ripple in the Twitter pond 
Still no @snipeyhead in my feed this morning. Twitter can so choke on a bag of dicks.  #fixreply
@badassdad05 You say that like it's a good thing.  Seriously, if I quit Twitter, it's the east coast spoilers that'll cause it.
@DWiley224 what be tweetdeck? I dont know all of these Twitter utilities....  sad day. haha
My laptop screen has died again  No Twitter today 
Watching saw. Yay. Twitter and saw.. guts and social networking. No, I have nothing better to do. 
iPhone on her way to T-mobile repair center, hope she will be back soon ... Twitter on low level 
@ipathia You're right. It's blocked at school at least so work can be Twitter free. 
The man is multi-using names on Twitter to harass and blackmail people - please beware people 
I wish some of my actual friends were on Twitter, what is the point of me posting with no followers... 
@JaneHungOz also wish I could play more along with you guys but at work again and my Twitter time is limited. 
@MarkyMac Twitter changed their coding. Now you can't opt in to see the tweets when someone you follow @s someone you don't. 
Wants to make a Twitter account for her bunny 
Twitter won't work from my computer  so now i have to go though all of this crap just to update it.
@priyankarocks madam, are you following me? And how come no recco on mr. Twitter 
Slowly recovrng from injury.. wil take time to get active at Twitter 
Haha, okay. I'm done. Hopefully Twitter decides to work back home. If not, well, I'll get on when I can 
have been managing web site at work - was too busy to Twitter 
Twitter seems very quiet this morning. Really need to #fixreplies i think. (via @RJay45) &lt;=&gt; totally agree there 
I can't stand foolish people or things!!!!   Why don't people use Twitter to feed the world with food for thought
@maxvoltar Agreed and I love your blog post. Twitter is just dead now. I used to have an update every few seconds and love it, now 
Twitter is awfully quiet today ..  tis so cold in my house..hmm need a cup of teaaaa (: kisskiss xxxx
we're wondering in the office: what's the new Twitter? nobody seems to be using the old one any more... (via @drepsac)- agree  #fixreplies
My Twitter wont let me upload a new pic.  that sucks booty ass flavored cucumbers!!!
still no sign of @xthemusic  there must be  a way of hacking Twitter to find his number through hiz txt updates :?
@bigxminh Apparently can't send you direct message and I'm not totally confident putting my email up on Twitter for the world to see... 
@icetchr  I think Twitter just didn't like me yesterday.    I am back in its good graces now, I guess.  I finally have a picture!
&quot;There's a hole in my shed roof, dear Twitter, dear Twitter...&quot; 
working and then heading out cant get Twitter to work on my phone 
 Twitter wont even let me use my custom background and I cant change back to my old one either this suck
@Twigsta glad you enjoyed my Twitter nightmare  damn uni computers .. all is well now ... hopefully
@rachyfbaby @ work, or supposed to be @ work.  Twitter will probably get me fired. 
4hrs and nope...not so far!!!  Twitter schmitter 
@idea_mill It was one of those brain tests you sent LOL!!! I dont really know anyone else on Twitter 
Twitter icon upload seems Farked! 
@IronAngel210 I am sad cuz I just realized you are not stalking me on Twitter 
Twitter has some problems. Cannot updat my picture 
I'm not sure exactly why i Twitter! i'm almost positive nobody reads mine anyway.. 
lol everyone at school thinks that Twitter is gay    
@ryankanno ack, no can see @mustheartdogs either.  and weird, these tweets are in my mentions, but not my timeline (oh wait, new Twitter)
Logging off Twitter app to preserve battery life. 
Right, fuck the whole Twitter silence experiment. The last four days have been murder with the inability to mouth off 
@moniqhar heeeeey! You abandoned me here on Twitter momma dots? 
Still hating the whole Twitter replies thing. I feel like I'm missing bits.  #fixreplies
Sorting out Twitter issues....very frustrated that you can't talk to someone and they respond slowly to issues - capacity the challenges 
@Jonasbrothers come on guys.. you shouldn't promote here :| it's kinda disappointing. Twitter's for UPDATES 
@tweetvisor what happened to my real-time feed? Now friend feed is just like the Twitter website 
I also concede to my first Twitter grammar fail. 
Answering detailed questions via Twitter can be very difficult. It's a challange to get everything in to less than 140 charactres 
@HelenCrozier Yes- It was fun to connect with her! Pls tell her hello- can't find her on Twitter. 
Oh god! I had to look at &quot;How to use Twitter&quot;.. how hopeless is that?! 
@ArieleMoonfire me too!!! Very sick of them, coming to work email after I created work Twitter account  so I guess that is related.
@highhiddenplace I'm interested.  A couple of other people tried it last month, and a Twitter meltdown got in the way  #beatwittyparty
Still trying to figure out Twitter? btw this is the real bootanner! So all you haters can quit trying to be me...jk no one tries 
Oh no, it appears the thing I like about Twitter is coming to an end. Twitter games!  http://playspymaster.com/
@enterbelladonna You've got to be kidding me!  Twitter makes me feel like a creepy ass stalker......... 
A day without Twitter is like a day without food! Though I didn't do either today because I was/am sick! 
@lolporn looks like you've got a pervy match made in Twitter heaven ;) But it isn't any fun that we all can't watch/read 
@dougiemcfly 	 I received a message from Twitter I thought I had answered, I was without air   hahahaha
OK. I got back into my Twitter account. I keep spelling it tweeter 
interesting, Twitter decides not to display my profile pic 
@nqbao http://twitpic.com/68fjo I don't know that you registered Twitter 480 months ( 480/12 = 40 years) ago babe 
@Samtagious This seems like the hundredth problem Twitter has had since I joined. I'm almost convinced that I broke it 
is wondering why her phone won't connect to Twitter.  And i wish more ppl would have twitter.
@baileemarshall ha girl i know! Twitter is stupid somethimes 
Twitter twitter, sun is shining and I'm headin t work 
Or:  &lt; _   &gt;   If Twitter takes out the spaces, that's so not gonna work. 
X &quot;has been suspended for suspicious activity&quot; - what exactly does this Twitter message imply?  @irinaslutsky @GreeGreece @lethebashar
Already getting a bit tired of Twitter trying to add adds.. buzzwords, my thoughts on certain products? More spam if you ask me.. 
Twitter is so stupid!..instead of increasing my followers its decreasing it!...so dumb! 
Interesting day ahead. Looks like I'm putting a hardwood floor in our office, to start. No Twitter for a while... 
Lol. Twitter is having a profile picture problem. 
on twitter after long time....cant help it...Twitter blocked in office 
I seem to be an &quot;internet marketer, guru, consultant, social network strategist, make money online, coaching mentor&quot; Twitter magnet!!  
@missmeester lol I'm so glad to hear that it wasn't YOU posting that other stuff on Twitter I stopped following it last week and was sad 
@MakinItMatter I didn't  I told ya that Twitter has been messin with my profile and I couldn't follow or unfollow peeps!!
@MakinItMatter I didn't do it on purpose gurl! I told ya already Twitter has been majorly insane messin with my profile!! 
Arrgghhh why can't I make a background things, or save a picture I need Twitter help 
Twitter wont allow me to change my pic 
Twitter has problem!?! I can't change my theme background, as well as the avatar... What's up?!? 
@robpattz_addict yeah, pic not showing up today  weird. Twitter is occassionally evil!
Twitter is not letting me change my profile pic and I'm mad 
going to sleep .... family day tomorrow guess I will be out of home ... so no internet and no Twitter  gd night all !
@curlydena oooh fellow leo.  Twitter isnt big enough for the two of us as we can't both be centre of attention. 
@ColorblindFish Twitter has been doing a lot of that lately 
Ah, Twitter won't take my picture. Always having trouble uploading a picture or background on here. 
.@DigitalRoyalty And this was a perfect example of why Twitter should #fixreplies since you already answered the question I just asked. 
Today is not a good day; I've had to block 14 non-spamming ppl today in defense of others thanks to lies being spread on Twitter 
@Firstbussiness why do you keep repeating yourself like a broken record and never tweet about yourself? You miss the point in Twitter... 
@frogcooke I tried, doesn't work, then tried a different 1 but didn't work either. Twitter confirms the upload worked but nothing changes 
Enough with the &quot;I'd like to recruit you into my spy ring&quot; already... (via @stephenfry) this will turn Twitter into facebook. 
Twitter y are u being such a twat! I only wanted to say I played poker for the first time and won...but u wont let me 
Twitter is down and has been for about 30 mins according to twitter status page which I got from google tweetdeck not working at all 
Twitter is back up! YEY;; mamas eyes and mine still red and swollen; how do you get rid of the *sad?   would like suggestions please?
@BenjaminReid Aww thank you!  I would have replied sooner but Twitter wasn't loading on my laptop or my iPhone for a while 
@subzero77 Twitter is very much not behaving for me tonight  So i'll say night now! X
@PreppyYankee Twitter is messed up they even screwed up my other account  So follow me here
Twitter is a mess tonight 
@TimRyanCW I'm good thanks  But I hate that Twitter is being shyte 
@sillyokio Twitter hates everyone tonight. I've been using m.twitter.com to get through. 
Tired of Twitter dying a slow death tonight. Too many whales spotted  back online in morning
Twitter down? - It is to me  http://tumblr.com/xi71wt79t
I guess alot of people are having trouble with Twitter tonight 
Twitter is being dumb. I tweeted from my phone a couple times today but they never went thru... 
@YoungQ Twitter is being a bitch tonight. Everyone is having issues 
My laptop hates Twitter 'cause it won't let me log on &amp; says he site dsnt work 
@dan_mcweeney No Twitter account and not knowing why, that makes one feel really powerless and small. 
@dogsmycopilot it is just not you.. Twitter is givin everybody a hard time tnite 
OK my Twitter account got reinstated. I really hate being a spam/worm victim like this...should I be changing all my passwords now? 
Twitter is driving me crazzzzzy tonight. There is a major twitter overload going on  grrr
Twitter, i've never gotten a build-a-bear  someone take me!
Twitter 1 of 2: man.. I was jus thinkin about wet n wild n how much fun that place was  I would totally still go if it was still open.
My arm is still throbbing it feels like its about 2 blow up sorry 4 the pic no shows Twitter was tripping n wouldn't let me send pics 
With Twitter's little change on: posted mins ago from sumwhere, I'm bit  that would mean, error or can't explore new external twit apps
@mthompsen totally missed this tweet.  Couldn't get on Twitter all day...dammit!! i love picnics too 
Still something wrong with my pic. Twitter!! I have done nothing to you.... 
Twitter still haven't sorted the photo problem though 
If I had a programming language proficiency, I would write my own Twitter app. But I don't. So I'll mutter about other apps instead. 
I wish I could have Twitter updates by text on my phone, but O2 doesn't support it 
@firebucket I'm sorry man, that's not going to happen till the day I quit Twitter. And that day would be a sad day. 
@vivmondo I was enjoying the game last night and then Twitter went apeshit 
I think of Twitter like my blog, but, you can't blog about much things when you can only use 150 characters. 
 Four more fake people added me. Is this why people don't like Twitter?
@DarkPiano I've been following at a normal rate, and I did file a trouble ticket- Twitter takes too long to respond to those requests. 
I made the last message on my phone but Twitter doesn't tell you if u did it by phone or on the computer anymore 
No results for #doyourememberwhen yet it's the top trendiest topic. Twitter has way to many problems. 
Twitter won't approve TwitterFUn anymore  any one have any idea for another name?
@CherylRMonaghan I guess it is a know issue with Twitter and has been for a few weeks 
Twitter isn't allowing me to update my profile pic...so right now I have none  http://ff.im/3r5f0
sadface I'm not at E3-- but at least everybody in my Twitter feed is going to tell me all about it in terrible detail 
Hey @wilw, I just noticed: why do you look kind of worried in your Twitter avatar?  Does it come from a larger picture?
@kelcakes yes we do, and  they had a whole post dedicated to making #ontd a trending topic. It made number 1 and Twitter removed it. 
@schtimpy27 bejeweled is what i go to when Twitter is down. or when waiting for sleeping pills to kick in. mine is 131,000ish.  addict !
tried to upload my picture which is 160 x 160 pixels and it won't accept it  ... Even Twitter rejected my pic!
Following a bunch of games journalists on Twitter during E3 time makes me so, so jealous/sad. 
Twitter won't update profile pics again, don't try and change yours.  It's broken  
Just created Twitter thingy, should be fun, heard it's good! school 2moro 
Twitter background manager is really full of bugs, I cannot upload my background whole day 
Twitter hasnt been too exciting to me,,,,,    hello anybody,lol
@waxinglyrical wrapped in banana leaf? oops, am going against Twitter's short and concise &quot;rule&quot;.anyway,i need a coconut milk-something! 
@thecraigmorris I cant follow people right now, Twitter hates me 
Twitter stole my picture i am trying to upload again and nothing 
@macywillow my profile pic? I can see it, but if you can't then it must be Twitter picture trouble methinks  will try to sort it out
Getting used to the fact that I now get most of my news via Twitter - but it's still pretty much all bad 
Hating Twitter cuz they hatin on my pics and Backgrounds 
No one is updating Twitter today!  I feel so unloved 
I love seeing everyone's faces with your tweets!! Twitter hates me ... every time ... &quot;That's a nice pic&quot; ... no go! 
@alissakaye gotdang Twitter to heck &amp;&amp; back, iDIdnt get that sent to my cell  but she hates me, she delet ... http://shortxt.com/ur13crsy
Haha I shortened the lyrics of YourBiggestFan on that last update, Twitter wouldnt fit all of it on one line 
@KristenCampisi hi love...Twitter is being wierd with my pic right now too! 
http://twitpic.com/6dpfq - Twitter stole my pic  and keep saying to me &quot;thats a nice picture&quot;
Twitter is getting full of spammer, it is very hard to find right person to share some time 
Twitter just said the saddest thing to me, &quot;you cannot follow yourself&quot; 
I'm about hating Twitter right now.  I'm unable to follow anybody I try to. I know this media is free, but sheesh! 
Exploring Twitter...Didnt get my all time fav login id 'sumeet_chawla' 
wonders when Twitter will fix the image issues! 
Twitter has a new bug? I can not follow/remove/block somebody 
Twitter says I've &quot;exceeded the rate limit&quot; and that I can't receive any new tweets for an hour 
@mobbsey   maybe some subtle attributions about where your ideas are from when they come off Twitter could help?
WOW i'm now a Twitter chatterer ha ha ...  I'm getting a headache searching for houses to live 
@salandpepper I saw your pretty face earlier but now you've gone again - playing a game of Twitter peekaboo! Auditors in all week 
It seems like a special day for Twitter spammers. I get many of them recently 
@oscarrf Your background just looks blue to me. Looks like Twitter is having some background uploading issues. 
@Appsanity Twitter suspended my account..... For 2 days. 
@BJoie Twitter has been having background issues for a while now... I know, it sucks! 
@putchyanako Twitter has been having major background problems recently. I feel your pain! 
I have to wade through 50 tweets from the 'stars' just to read the ones I even give a crap about.   I am not liking Twitter so much.
My computer sounds like a vacuum. I thought it was just Twitter sucking my life away, but nope, this thing might be dying.  
Obvsly the universe hates my picture... or Twitter eated it.    Is anyone else having this problem?
Twitter, up yours mate, I can't change my picture! 
@DigiMediaMavens Haven't been able to. I submitted a request to Twitter's support last night. But now it won't let me do anything at all. 
@MichelleinCal don't know 'em yet, and it's still going until $33k is raised.  Twitter was up &amp; down a lot that night, hurt efforts 
eish. my Twitter can't upload photo oh  fuck
@austenw coughFANBOYcough lol. You'll have to Twitter the omg's as I'm stuck in a bus all day 
&lt;- goes to mod @kayecee then realizes this is Twitter not podforyou.com forums 
I might ignore Twitter the rest of the week. All this E3 stuff is making me really sad that I decided against going. 
don't think I really get this whole Twitter thing 
Twitter is going crazy with #e3 tweets I love social networking, but its overshadowing the awesomeness that is jolicloud and my shit isp! 
@iainmacl PS: I really need to get a better Twitter client. Only noticed your message now. 
Its so hot outside and i am stuck here in work on Twitter 
Why can't I upload a background yet, Twitter? It's been days. 
Turning Twitter off so as to avoid further E3 spoilers. I can't watch the live show right now. 
Twitter wont change my picture ! 
@doodle79 Twitter stole my brain..... there really is no escape for me....  lol
Activity made on: Twitter won't give me a verification code for my mobile device!  http://twurl.nl/16oxz1
Twitter is teasing me with non-existent direct messages 
Twitter is kinda boring no one accepts you and when you try search for your friends nothing comes up im getting bored i only hav 1 person 
Twitter is just such a less exciting place since I can't see other's @replies.  It was such a great way to be .. http://twurl.nl/8jsqo7
and if my entire body being burned and having a sniffly nose weren't enough, my Twitter avatar is missing. 
@tallslacker OK, hold on. I didnt get a pop up on crackberry. I cant access Twitter on it either 
Twitter won't keep me signed in today. What a pain. 
I think it's a Twitter-wide problem. @TamekaRaymond is having the same problem. 
I've just noticed that I end way too many of my Twitter posts with unnecessary capslock. Whoops 
@iHaps tweetdeck tweeted about it today too. It's a Twitter based problem apparently 
@howlertwit thankyou for following me, for some reason Twitter wont let me follow you back  I will keep trying!
@cathybaron Twitter has been locked up on several things for a while. 
@CJtheDJ I noticed that! I looked it up in the Twitter help forums. Apparently it's a widespread problem.  Hopefully it'll be back soon!
Espousing one's particular point of view on a &quot;heavy topic&quot; via Twitter in 140 characters or less, not so good  mayb not the right venue?
Aww man Twitter stole my pic! Where did it go? @MISSNINA12 how do I get it back  I know u were a victim before
Night Twitter, hopefully tomorrow is a better day. 
Mannnn, my beloved Twooting podcast, &quot;The daily podcast all about Twitter&quot; is changing their focus to twitter for business 
I'm just up. But 18 hours have passed and I still don't see any sign of my Twitter picture! 
WTH is Twitter doing? I can't see anything! 
My thumbs have gotten bigger - Twitter self spell check fail.  
@dalastmil62 @ja3rok did tell me to only update Twitter when i added something new...sorry, you guys 
Twitter isnt letting me change my picture  
@leslieberg Not a good idea to change your picture on Twitter!  
@jbs_lovebug xD and it's because someone's leaving Twitter. 
I need a picture but Twitter claims everything I try is too large 
I can't seem to change my Twitter background? What's the problem? 
trying to update my profile photo &amp; background image, but is not going well.  Twitter is having another tech heart attack 
All the cool people are on Twitter when it's bedtime. 
Waiting for Twitter to fix my account, thanks to Lukester for the help  *sigh*
Waiting for Twitter to fix my account...thanks to Lukester for the help. Why me?  *sigh*
I don't like Twitter anymore. 
@1BAMBi I should've waited as well but I thought Twitter would've fied the problem by now.Even my background had to be set to default 
@JunieD180 Twitter search is kinda pickey that way 
I can't upload a Twitter picture  so it's just a little annoying question mark.
Is Twitter the launching platform for a new species of genetically modified cat? Does'nt sound very cuddly 
is trying to find her friend on Twitter with no luck whatsoever.... 
Twitter's a little bit useless without a fancy shmancy phone-a-ma-jig 
i never update Twitter anymore ..  so sad! one week of summer left! :'(((
@rem ya, I'm more into trying to fix the incorrect rez images, which uses up a lot of bandwidth and memory for Twitter desktop clients 
@SArmypez I see you have also fallen victim to the crappy Twitter profile pic uploader.  
@keytar Twitter is usually dead at this time, yeah. 
I see it's a great spamming day on Twitter 
Twitter rocks but need 2 go 4 a shower so a need 2 put my iPhone down well gutted 
@TheFAKEJamaaL .. I think so .. Twitter is on a rampage right now, like ppl are posting shit that is making me want to get off ..  lol
Twitter really doesn't like me changing my user pics. Goes spaztic and says I don't exist. 
@cguanche ME TOO! I keep trying to put one up but Twitter is being a bitch.  There's some bug on the site or something.
My Twitter profile is worth  $14 http://tweetvalue.com ...  awww  thats not much lol
@alyankovic It makes me sad to hear that there's people unaware of @nerdist's magic Twitter validation powers 
and my picture isnt showing up!!! Twitter hates me 
Sounds like Twitter is still having background image issues. 
at home trying to figure this Twitter thing out. 
Twitter is not working for me  I am not getting any updates... doubt anyone will see this... not sure it my tweets are being seen?
Twitter rate exceeded again  be back in a bit. I can't stand the waiting.
STILL can't logon to Twitter via twitter.com.... and now it appears as if lifehacker is down too 
@mUsIc4eVeR323 Twitter wont let me message you 
@AtlantisJackson  yeah, @TehKimber sucks.  I can't get a response even running around naked on Twitter. 
@chrisabad none of my #spymaster tweets seem to be going to Twitter! 
TaVona is sad because she can't respond to those showing her love via direct messages on Twitter for some reason 
we have been in touch with Twitter support... still no luck with adding our background image 
@MizLiLBit Twitter is really cool once you've gotten used to it... I'm addicted! I dont think i'm gonna watch that.. Nightmares later... 
just found out that none of my friendfeed posts made it to Twitter 
Wow, 6 days of not using twitter? that is bad. my PC got sick again.  Its good now. Twitter on Babies!
I've had a clear out of followers this morning, lost several who had never done an update in their Twitter life! shame 
@twitter Twitter is too slow after the last maintenance ! Why ?!?  I always have to refresh to post something new !! &gt;&quot;&lt;
Today might honestly be the worst day ever. For reasons I'm not entirely comfortable sharing on Twitter. But, ow. OWOWOWOWOWOW. /work 
wouldn't it be great if you could categorize Twitter? like: art people, film people, job stuff etc. I think I now miss 50% of twits 
@TownsleyBoy Twitter is doing something strange - wont let me still 
My phone is out in a bit. No more Twitter updates then. 
I just woke up and saw my beautiful niece is on Twitter.... I miss my family 
@aryousavvy I will soon because I don't know how much longer I can look at it everytime I load Twitter... which is a lot. 
@SherriEShepherd: #Twitter made even more changes. I  can't reply 2 ur direct messages anymore, bc ur not following me 
Lunch updates might have to wait. Twitter juice perilously low 
@bonnieroskes sounds like Twitter site problem. [well, that'd be unusual  ]
Wow Twitter is going crazy with messages... 
@hotdogsladies Ugh, that's what happens when I don't read Twitter on an app that supports those little graphics 
@YeahThatsKosher @ahoova Aw man. I was hoping for the Twitter Shadchan title. 
Twitter seems so very quiet today.  I feel lonely without all the constant pop-ups 
Searched Twitter for Lions: I looked up Lions and showed me the score  i am putting it on now
#Twitter confessions - I fell in love when I was 19. I treated he badly and I have been paying for it for 20 years 
Twitter open but nothing to tweet,no reply,nothing.I'm feel lonely 
@erikries Hopefully your shit client isn't a follower of your Twitter feed.   I've made that mistake before.  
Twitter sous fring, cest le twitter du pauvre. 
I also think I have a Twitter crush on @mediaphyter, but I get no love from her. 
Looks like not much people have Twitter 
is wondering whats the point of Twitter if no one replies?? 
@nitch79 lmao....yes quite....but wait...then they might shut down Twitter completely!!  Arrrgrggghhhhh Nnnnooooooooooooooooooo lol
Wow Twitter is kinda quiet...guess everyone but me is out doin fun stuff  LOL
@wooderson34 haha someone's back on their Twitter game. I really wish I could leave but I can't. It's gonna be a lonnnnnnng night 
so Twitter's gonna be down from 11-12 tonight; well that sux 
@kel7alpha That's why I'm WTFing it. I haven't gone to Twitter online as much today as others either. It'd just randomly low. 
It's 2am and i'm discovering Twitter...i don't have friends yet 
Twitter has just raised my hopes and burnt them as i saw my number of followers going up but half of them are fake accounts 
@KenNiko @tameraclark It looks like someone up and quit on his Twitter feed without telling me. 
Ugh, Twitter's going down for bloody maintenance 
Just doesnt have much time for Twitter right now.. 
Who are these random people who follow you!? Twitter stalkers?! Yay for forgetting relish on my hotdog tonight 
Twitter's going to be down for an hour... in an hour!  What will we do???
@1indienation How am I going to live without Twitter for an hour?  the world is going to go in to meltdown.
baaah! i'm trying to verify my phone, but either my phone or Twitter is bein a jerk cuz its now workin 
Twitter added ads on this new update.  bleh!  
Less than two hours in Twitter and I already have 2 spam messages 
@ErinAKAPink I might have to catch up with them tomorrow. Twitter about to go off for maintenance 
I don't like it when Twitter goes bye-bye... 
so now that I actually have time to check Twitter online ~ it's down for maintenance 
Twitter was down  lol anyways boys are stupid and mornic sometimes and my now ex bf was two timeing me....it was a good day ha ha ha
No woman no cry. Also, no woman no poon tang  I love that Twitter says &quot;poon&quot; is misspelled. No it's not...jeez
Is it just me or Twitter has been having problems lately.. yea, i think it's just me 
after an hour of maintenance(sp???) Twitter is being flaky for me. 
Twitter is actin' too stupid! I been trying to tweet all night with no luck 
Twitter's high maintenance! I finally beat @DBtheDragon in the follower race, so I let my cold win &amp; slept all day. Now he's overtaken me 
Starting up Twitter and going to sleep.....think I got a damn cold 
@fjkinnit Yes Twitter is being very stoopid at the moment  So how are you anyway?
Our son's graduation yesterday was gr8.  Only one HSer left.  Speeches were amazing. Twitter was mentioned at least 6 times.
looks like my web application isn't doing well with Twitter 
Most of my friends still think Twitter's only a platform for status updates. I feel sad for them.. 
can't even spell &quot;connection&quot; anyway, nothing is loading but Twitter seem to be free of this.... shrug 
That and the proliferation of the spammer/splogger friendly shortcut urls (tinyurl, bit.ly) etc are negative side-effects of #Twitter 
Bout to head ova to big sis house hope i have fun no more Twitter 
bloody football spoilers, looks like I'm going to have to stay off Twitter until 11pm now 
sitting @ computer thinking about what pearls of wisdom i can impart on the great Twitter public...... mind has gone a blank! 
@ladygbd Ah I've had a blog since before I joined Twitter, but I've been slacking on it for a couple months 
I hate how I'm not so obsessed with Twitter anymore, and always seem too busy to @ anybody anymore. 
Twitter bugs a little bit around  200# tweet real  http://twitpic.com/6rz0o
It would appear that youtube links don't work on Twitter  anyway hillarious video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v= jXNmCgOUVBo
changing my retweet format thanks to the new Twitter rules 
Taking a break from Twitter for a few days 
@astrup Found that out the hard way.  After going up &amp; down the mtn 3 times &amp; storms &amp; truck crash traffic &amp; Twitter being down I gave up
@janelle30 And Twitter - there used to be this thing that you could randomly see every tweet - so sad that went away. 
Aghhh I cNt work with this... Twitter jail.. Aghhh 
@twitterworld wishing Twitter was more than 140 characters... sometimes it is just 20-30 characters short. 
Twitter, i miss you. I havent gone on since like 1 cuz my sister took the laptop to a friends. I think i just might die 
I keep forgetting to use this thing...not good. I miss you Twitter. 
It's late. I'm not tired. I'm bored. I just sent a problem thingy to Twitter. I hope they can help me.. Blahh...whatever. 
10% twitter users produced 90% tweets overall. Twitter is a 1 way stream largelly 
@trent_reznor it's sad, there seem to be lots of haters on Twitter these days 
@jiggleaud lol ah they booted me out too...  Twitter is just a bunch of evil bitches... hahaha good! xxx
anyone else being bombarded with rude naughty followers this morning??!! This will stop me using Twitter if it stays this bad.... 
@officialsonny I add new fav @YoungCash keeps goin down the list  Thats not good I wish Twitter had an option to keep favs of the favs LOL
Twitter is a bit quiet today  suppose everyone's still asleep :s
Twitter sucks!  i want some dairy queen.
@katieboocat tnx katie... hope my problem is still negotiable for those on the Twitter creators. 
Twitter put me on timeout last night for tweeting too much  So I have to try to pace myself today.
no va el link Twitter-facebook... 
Twitter is no more safe for children ..especially when such account names @madarchod are appearing on timeline.. Some plz report abuse 
This is incredible, I only have famous people on my Twitter: S And the worst thing is that I do not speak English very well 
Ahh! Twitter doesn't register my phone anymore! The frigg!? 
@BrandyWandLover Your tweets aren't showing up in my timeline anymore... just my replies tab.   Twitter's being weird
@tb78 - guess you're still travelling  Twitter misses yooooou! x
@BellaScottx haha YAY. Twitter may take over my life for a while. I'll probably get addicted haha 
Twitter succeeds but the video streams can't keep up. Not going to see a beluga give birth today. 
It's fun finding other Giants fans on Twitter.  But I'm getting off now, because sadly my TV is not next to my computer... 
@justin_foster Actually I followed you previously.  Twitter sadly just auto-unfollowed you for me.  Just ask @secbarbie &amp; 100's others 
Twitter is kinda silly with the way that people can DM you but you can't DM them back. 
There was &quot;a problem with my Twitter feed&quot;....I PANICKED!!!!   I know it told me not to, but I couldn't help it!  
@CharliePlyler I see that now, but not following most of them.  I'll have to figure out what I can do.  Lots of spammers on Twitter 
My Twitter's page background is gone.  I don't know why.  Or is it just my computer?
@mrgibb I know. Twitter on my phone sucks 
Twitter is just not the same when everyone i talk to has the day off 
I wish Twitter would shut down spammer accounts faster. I delete several every day of pr0n spam on here. 
My brother thinks Twitter is gay. 
@donniewahlberg - l better get off Twitter b4 l say something l'll regret.. 
is back on Twitter with the awesome power of my SpaceBerry...where in the world is @OddLittleDucky? I miss her!!! 
watching psycho 2 before i go to bed. took a motrin but i doubt it will help  gonna code the night away. Twitter multi tasking is ok
@KABclaire I don't have a Twitter app on my phone so I don't see the responses until I get home!    Haha, damn sowie...
BOOOOOOOOOOORING Twitter is making this fun yet  lol why isnt anyone replying and when you do heaps of people do and then confuses me ;'(
I keep getting on to Twitter @ 3am and then realize that no one else is posting. boo  guess i will get back to my homework!
could kill Twitter!!  sent me a text at 3:30 in the morning and I   never got back to good sleep!!  
&quot;What is The Twitter?&quot; no really i have tried it and i still don't get it. I must be getting old 
Wow, gone from twitter over weekend and find 1/2 of my new follows are spammers  or porn sites! Twitter needs to clean up things.
@jonkeefe cheers - though Twitter isn't appearing in drop-down list of blogs that I can select 
Trying to figure out this whole Twitter thing 
For some strange reason, a lot of people in Twitter seem to be crying to day. 
Looking for something in Twitter &amp; found a tweet that seemed funny and clever at the time, but probably was not so good after all. 
oh man i haven't logged in to Twitter forever!! had a busy week 
is rubbish at Twitter and hates the thought of work in 3 hrs 
I have to disconnect the internet connection so I can force myself to finish this video lol. Not kidding though, bye Twitter! 
In case you're wondering don't ask...And now to find me something to eat...I never did find my banana!    Ttyl Twitter-ites. I'm out 4 now
I am starting to see why Twitter alternatives exist... their customer support is worse than non-existent 
@iamgeoffpope How ru neway sir?  I feel like we only talk via Twitter 
Since I can't modify anything on Twitter til I change my name guess I can't turn green.  
Twitter app, why are you not working on my phone ? 
Twitter, please postpone the maintenance. It's vital that twitter is available or we will have no news about #iranelection  #twitterfail
@MatthewAE ahh same with hayfever here mr, pain in the ass.  just so you know. convos on Twitter like appear to everyone. lol
oh que triste los Fans 50 y 51 son Spams de Twitter 
@blue_raven I wish people would read Twitter's maintenace page. It's the host doing the updates, not twitter willingly doing so 
feeling a bit.. sad that I seem to have been blocked by a listener on Twitter 
@andyprovidence , weird. I finally found your Twitter and it wasn't even hard. Now I feel like I copied your twitter name, oh noes 
I thought Twitter was supposed to help you not feel so alone?!   It's still pretty cool anyway....
Twitter check in so you know I'm not dead of swine flu: It's so cold  I want a cup of tea but I know I won't keep it down 
Most recent two posts on my Twitter homepage: &quot;These socks are depressing&quot; then &quot;Two killed in freeway crash.&quot; 
@dyannnnna You might have.. I don't get half my @ replies for some reason  Twitter needs kicked around a bit or something. lol
@JessicaSieghart I think it's time to check and make sure Twitter hasn't involuntarily unfollowed some of my favorite tweeps 
@ariannaxmychem  not surprising..Twitter eats tweets every once in  a while..
man this sucks. I can't for the life of me figure out Twitter 
@leahjones You had me all excited about @rachelmaddow on Twitter... bit of an anti-climax when I clicked 
Twitter is a place for thoughts..... LOL. I'm a dork. I wanna have a pool party... But u don't have a pool. 
Twitter 'z blocked in here for a while..  didn't make it for one fuckin' week... huh....
Following people that are successful on Twitter makes me sad. They're always traveling and doing fun stuff. Not me. 
@lauchlie Congrats!!! Finally got u on Twitter. how the heck do you use this thing?!? must teach me 
I need Twitter to become 180-200 characters because the bits I get usually are about that long. 
Right I need to get ready &amp; get going.. (Twitter felt weird &amp; different yesterday, at least to me) .. post office first then to work... 
@etheya did your account get compromised by a Twitter bot?  
@maxcamsnet :S the Aplication for Twitter hummm for the customised u site in twitter $50 &gt;_&lt; wow  i no have money.
@emkattt Haha, I hate it when your on Twitter when you should be doing other stuff 
Trying to understand what it is that you do on Twitter? I guess I don't get it. 
@kimberlychanel yup Twitter needs to figure this spam shit out but it will never end 
A lot going on lately. I apologize for my Twitter absence 
@johnborthwick suggests we follow his prezi online, but we just tanked his site  7 principles to sustaining the Twitter ecosystem...
trying to get this Twitter app going on my g1 its not working though  help me
 woe! even after updating my name, I'm not searchable by &quot;brilliance in sight&quot; maybe Twitter will catch up!
@PuertoRockin I'll let you know the minute I hear anything more definite! Twitter needs to watch these sites more closely! So hateful!! 
I don't normally curse on Twitter, but fuck! I washed my dress watch.  I needed to change the battery anyway, but damn man...FAIL.
Doing some revision for a science exam, be off Twitter for a while. 
Liking the look of this whole Twitter thing, site seems to be a bit slow though 
@michaelmcgaw actually to make sure that my phone ans Twitter account were still connected - I am not getting my tweets to my phone 
Awww mayne, back to work...womp wompity womp womp  Twitter is goin to be down in an hour so ONEZ!
@phillydesign People making fun of me on Twitter always creates lols  @LunaTechie
Twitter isnt working for my phone... crap 
oh no.  Twitter is going down at 2pm....
2 minutes til an hour of Twitter silence 
Just ordered dinner. And oops! Twitter is down 
Twitter seems to be having problems today... 
Twitter was gone for ages. Mnerrr. I have an exam in half an hour. Prayers plz. 
Someone needs to bequeath unto me the secrets of Twitter. plz? 
thinks Twitter is stupid because all of the followers are fake people.  
@mr_billiam no I'm sorry - having a slight Twitter stalker issue  it's always some dick that spoils the fun
Aw man Twitter is being stupid again 
@BuddhaBelly09 For some reason Twitter isn't sending updates to my phone so I haven't gotten any messages all day 
I can't see any of my @s.    Twitter is contributing to my obsessive fear of missing something interesting...
@yellowhippo Twitter was in maintenance mode for a while.  So that might have had something to do with it.
@walkingmac very cute! Twitter isn't going to my phone at all today  that's why I said hello to it, cause I wanna know whered it go :'(
Twitter keeps pulling me in...n draining my phone's battery! I guess that means put it down 
I can't follow people today on Twitter. i don't know why! 
@nithinkd I'm missing Twitter a lot. 
@FLYYPRINCE   Twitter family cares about ur feelingz!
@Shnooky303 fuck that...dont fucking dare cancel your Twitter account..i need my twitter buddy 
@iammandurr hahaha, yeahh. I wish I could be online everyday.  Twitter needs to fix their problems... lol.
What's the deal with Twitter tonight?  I think it's totally down right now (again).    
Wow, Twitter didn't update me all day  Not cool, man...
@CynthiaBuroughs go to sleep huni. Twitter will survive without you. It will be hard, but we will cope.  *hugs* luv u.
Twitter sucks poopybutt today and tonight. Its not working for me 
Sure wish Twitter would DO something about the SPAMMERS!  
@FADjewellery hey Breanda, you need to come back to Twitter, missing your Tweets - we will prop each other up, I know how you feel 
@mayhemstudios I'm here too. But no one is in my feed because of the new Twitter @replies that censors what I see from my chosen follows 
Twitter isn't going to my phone anymore 
So its like 2 something n the morning and i'm hella sleep from work  but cant sleep. Twitter babies hit me up!
@foodbymark oh that's a shame! really, it is.  Twitter search should go further than that.
so many people are getting Twitter, it confused me who each person is 
how come I don't get all Twitter notifications on my new followers when they turn out to be spam/robots?! don't like it at all 
@antoniothonis DM niet gehad by the way denk ik....rot Twitter 
Twitter wont let me fix my background  makes me sad man !
Wow, the one night I go to bed early, my man @donniewahlberg does a Twitter marathon 
Another busy day, cutting on my Twitter time 
nobody's here on Twitter? 
someon tell me,Twitter it's not for me this kind of people to play! Not for fun, only for business! 
So bored... Twitter is my only lease of life in work. 
Twitter doesn't want me to reply to people for some reason. 
@DeviantPlay I don't, kind of think that goes against Twitter ethos but then you have to remember not to post stuff that is too personal 
wtf, peoples, don't change yr Twitter names, you make me fail whale myself 
My sister just called me a fag for using Twitter 
Twitter is being a pain the butt right now 
My Twitter is very S.L.O.W. &amp; wonky tonight. 
@allhopeislost Your sidebar thing on your Twitter page goes off the bottom of my screen so I can't see the stuff at the bottom 
@peterfacinelli we miss you on your app, your all Twitter now and no time for us  whats up with that? #peterfacinelli
@ThePhene I see from Twitter-stalking you, you're not actually getting the train tomorrow!!!! I can't rollerskate behind you! 
@peterfacinelli I don't like this. Twitter isn't team carlisle 
My Twitter love  for the longest time i didn't know she was my mom.
I wish that someone would explain to me how Twitter works  i have no clue whatso ever and its annoying me!!!
http://twitpic.com/7nmy1 - Twitter gone crazy!I simply refreshed!would ahve been nice if it had said over 500,000! 
@peterfacinelli sorry  i'm trying to help as much as I can, but my twit count is only at 214 thous. Twitter = broken
@brightondoll yea Twitter has a tendency to be a little annoying sometimes! i usually have to keep refreshing for it to actually show! 
@BeyondAnyDoubt My phone doesnt want me to use Twitter I guess 
I don't have friends in the new stalking media.. Twitter 
@andynyman didn't even realise you were on Twitter till @charltonbrooker mentioned you. I tried getting your sig once, didn't happen  nvm!
@k_zulu U know?  I can't tell u how many experiments I've ruined trying to follow ya'll tweets.  Twitter jacks up my productivity 
This Twitter stuff is so nuts! I'm trying to learn it, and yet I still don't feel like I'm doing everything right...but then, I never do! 
Twitter is addictive...lol been Tweting just about all day, time to get back to the real world 
Why doesn't anyone reply to me on Twitter anymore?  I'm sad 
I thought that it was extracorporeal experience when you reach the 100 updates on Twitter but nothing happened. what a deal   #deception
I don't think my new phone likes Twitter.  
In an emotional crisis....damage control mode.  Lets see if I can sleep..gnight Twitter... 
I don't really get the whole Twitter thing...I'm challenged 
Morning everyone! I don't know how to post pics on Twitter  but here's the facebook link....
finally managed to restore my account! What a dumbo, deleting it by accident like that. Twitter and I don't mesh.  
3 days since i was last on Twitter... blimey, i have had such a crap last 3 days 
I'm wondering if any &quot;established&quot; person on Twitter bothers with us, 'mere mortals'... 
Is bored, no-one esle is following me on Twitter 
is bored, no-one else is following me on Twitter 
Twitter is mainly used for conveying some information but these people used to chat here 
mmm somehow I don't get mail from anyone who has started following me on Twitter....wierd, had to dig trough following list to find out 
can't understand why my Twitter keeps randomly UNtwitting people off my list  
at college stilll. glad Twitter works.. i'm off to go home soon cause i've finally finished my docuentary! woop. still have more to do 
Why are text updates failing me? Apparently replies @ me aren't making it through. I wish I had a decent Twitter client on my phone 
@_Lyrical_Guess_ haha.. I don't know how that works.. I think Twitter did it.. sorry I'm not much help.. 
@agersh Twitter apparantly isn't releasing old names, but may do so at a future date without notice.... So, keep trying? 
@KMPHFOX26 everyones a Twitter winner except me?! 
Apologies for the previous tweet (which has now been deleted) - my Twitter account got hacked. 
@rljd when you put that kind of stuff on Twitter you hinder further discussion. 
What is wrong with Twitter today?????  I can't block the stupid ppl following me  
Ugh!! I've just blocked a spammer and it's still on my timeline!  #Twitter is really screwed up today!! What's going on?! 
Twitter fucking hates me. I get maybe half the tweets people send 
@Blogography Twitter had that before, if a &quot;GaryLaPointe&quot; went through the tweetverse I'd get a text on the phone, but they took away   
Twitter won't let me unfollow one of the annoying celebrities I mentioned. 
Still trying to figure out Twitter....and I am usually good at this stuff 
Not home  only one Twitter about tequilla? No context on that?
my girlfriend thinks I am a nerd for having Twitter....  oh well
Why doesn't the rap group Atmosphere have a Twitter acct? 
I am feeling in a pants mood and even Twitter is not raising my mood...duvet therapy methinks 
@sinkingducks hmm, clicking in-replyto no longer works! Twitter must have changed something 
@promotingyou @CristalBubblin lol  It was a joke but Twitter was slow with the execution of my joke. 
@peterfacinelli still needs more followers to win his bet... or does he? Twitter has really been twitterpated this week. 
I'm loving the whole 'green overlay layer' thing but let's be honest for 1 sec, it looks like somebody vomited(?) all over Twitter 
I don't know if I can last a week w/out internet let alone Twitter 
Twitter is not showing all the pictures of peoples defaults or pics they post 
ut oh, I think I broke Twitter.  
Twitter, my tummy hurts  No more greasy food.
Twitter you are not being friendly with me right now - i might have to take you out back and show you that you are boss 
So my phone is cut off and it killin me gr bye Twitter till the nexted time i get my hands on something with internet 
@jacquesny I love your niche. Also, your background is classy. Twitter hotties better watch OUT!...I think that I'm addicted to twitting 
@w2scott only way now is to use Twitter api but only works for an authenticated user...search.twitter.com no longer going back that far 
@BDOTSTRONG my cell phone? What the heck can I do on here except Twitter  when I'm sad &quot;internet window shopping&quot; soothes me. Lol
is still trying to figure this Twitter thing out! 
trying to work out Twitter :S so confused right now. and mums giving me a headache i have to clean the house 
@kristijan_k I heard about that man! Now you need to Twitter #squarespace and hope you get the new iPhone! 
Man, this Twitter ish is getting boring! 
#followfriday @mikegrant Twitter is too quiet without him, miss ya dude 
hmmm ... Twitter no update facebook 
Twitter is still &quot;Unfollowing&quot; people ~ 
Twitter's down?  on my way to @kevrosaa's house early =]
@maddisondesigns no Twitter??!!!    arggh  that would be a disaster of epic proportions in so many ways on so many levels 
would like this Twitter virus to leave him alone. I don't WANT 100 followers a day!! Nor do I want involuntary status updates 
Twitter didn't let me on 4 time and I had shit 2 say, but the moment has gone now 
@lobstress Cheers, its all working now. But about 11 hours ago both my following and followers list fell to 0. Twitter was broke again 
@justinescobar omg I'm addicted to Twitter now like it's crack haha I miss you  can we do breakfast/lunch this weekend?
thinks it's lame that Twitter won't let me use my normal username because of their dumb character limit.  I am now farmtownkitty LOL
I want to be on Twitter but have to save my battery for the drive home. 
Twitter w/o twitterbones drama is like box of milk chocolate. You always know what you gonna get 
Twitter's about conversation, @bonniea. If someone starts a tweet with an @ of someone I don't follow, I miss the thread entirely 
fishbyte web server is having problems.    We'll keep you posted on Twitter...
Twitter is slow at sending tweets to my phone 
@leonkay evening mr kay how's things? Twitter ain't the same without ya 
Wish I had something exciting to Twitter about 
@booboosbowtique Thanks for the follow! I'll follow back as soon as Twitter lets me--I'm temporarily at my limit 
 @JeffersonReid is never on Twitter anymore 
ssshhh...here's a Twitter secret: as a kid, ate my 1st and last open-face pork grease sammich on white bread!  yuk! )-:
Death by Twitter? http://tinyurl.com/lzng84 That's not a good idea 
Where are you shannonsimpson? She's been suspended by the evildoers at Twitter. I guess no stalker for me. O well 
@Winterheart Ah, can't really help there as I only have the 1 Twitter account - sorry 
Checking my Twitter account and confirmed my suspicion that I&quot;m missing alot of updates! 
I just realized that I forgot to sign off of Twitter on my cousins computer. 
cant find 2 of my friends on Twitter! 
So, I found that Twitter won't allow two user accounts with one email address.  Now I write tweets to our education students generally.
I really gotta pay more attention to these @KOEIcorp Twitter giveaways.  I want! I want!
@ConniePrays I was just thinking about that earlier Lots of profanity on Twitter. 
@rampantheart I too was a voracious reader... Twitter and google reader killed it...  have to rekindle it...
Oh no! I need to stop looking at these Year One reviews on Twitter! Ahh people are saying its not good!!  It will be! I know it!
Twitter can't be loaded on my mobile phone today.  - http://tweet.sg
I realy dont update Twitter enough  I'm ganna try and do it at least every day from now on
Wondering why people like Twitter I stead if facebook or any other status bases peer site... 
My mom doesn't wanna believe that celebrities use Twitter and that it's really them, it's soooo hard for her to believe me  pray for her!
@shinyshiny's new Twitter profile picture scares me.  *hides from the evil bandaged one-eyed green lady with stars coming out of her head*
@CJHatter It might really be from your friend, but if you answer, it makes you follow the service's Twitter and tweets from your account. 
@JLKulio I agree Twitter does suck today... I do not even have any reply icons  Are you warmer now or still shivering?
Is wanting more people to add her because she doesn't have any friends on Twitter 
Twitter,i don't hate you  I'm sorry hahaha &lt;333
I think it's time to model my Twitter shirts. It's time for some Twitter love. I miss it. 
okay why is Twitter not letting me delete certain updates. I highlight one but the trash bin logo goes right up to the corner 
My Twitter is stll crazy 
@domster yeah, it's a Twitter problem, @tweetie posted an update but it isn't approved yet 
@whowatcheswho What texting to Twitter? does it work now?   but i think it charges me on my phone anyways ! 
Is new at Twitter &amp; has nobody to follow! 
tweeting on Twitter. @TinkFan out cleaning our backyard. I'd be out there 2, but I'm allergic 2 dog saliva. 
@KimmyT22 that was meant for Desti sorry...my arrows have disappeared on Twitter... 
@asuttles yep, that was for you but for some reason whenever I try to text your name I hit Twitter instead...sorry 
@johnlela thanks, I've noticed. All of a sudden I have a lot of followers who just started with Twitter  @iranelection
Twitter ate my profile page background. 
I have to sort out my Twitter apps access, i hate that they tweet to my account automatically 
Haha, great. Twitter's message IDs went out of &quot;int&quot; realm as it is understood by postgresql. This was causing @upwitter to break down.. 
@spam how do I stop the &quot;Twitter train&quot; from posting with my account? 
misses the Twitter parties with her besties 
boring..........i want play!!!? any south american people have Twitter 
Wow, Twitter is awfully quiet tonight. People must be sleeping or partying.  I have no $$ so I am stuck home alone. 
@yelyahwilliams I don't have friends in Twitter  .. wanna be friends? 
Research is ONE click away, but from Twitter tho. 
I am @ work now...form now on I am working 3 weeks in a row...SHIT..not much Twitter at that time possible 
This whole limit thing on Twitter sucks!! 
what am i doing? hmmm trying to get Twitter to play ball, so far it hates me.........the feeling mutual 
@cakeandcoke hahaha! Twitter is boring  - http://tweet.sg
is anyone ells ahving problems on Twitter my profiel pic not comin up or ev  ??
Twitter is dead again  everyone must be in bed, where I should be..
My worldcall net was stuck  Twitter updates bardasht nahi kar saka.
@Chelssurs - I wish Twitter had a &quot;Like&quot; application too 
@barbprince I fail pretty greatly at this Twitter thing. 
@GavinDeGrawFan I din get on cuz u said u wouldnt be on!  N..I couldnt know u were online on Twitter. I just assumed u were sleeping!!
This has to be a Twitter problem. I can't see any of the userpics in my timeline  via twitterberry or ubertwitter 
Thanks to all the Twitter excitement from @dorionbet. I got no sleep last nite. going straight to bed when I leave work. No gym tonight 
#Twitter fail? I can't block the #spam people 
@dannydiggle- I'm doing pretty good, just kind of mad b/c Twitter has stopped me from following more people until I get more followers!! 
My Twitter app isn't working  can't get it to load  hope this works...
@neoxdonut You're a friend of @toastkun, right? Why is his Twitter page gone, and his achievements and avatar gone/blank? 
something is wrong with Twitter.  I am not able to follow back people who are following me. 
@LMAshton  I'm having the same problem. According to Twitter support, it's a known issue 
@dinkybean Twitter's support blog says they rolled out follow/block fixes 4 days ago. I think that they haven't gotten the bugs out yet 
I'm getting realy sick of people calling me fat  note to self: never mention wanting to lose weight on Twitter...
23 years after leaving school, still so easily distracted, get off Twitter and on with assignment 
It's looking likely that I will have little or no time to Twitter this week   I'll be back as soon as I can.... promise.
@tensh_iie Twitter is lame duck, I cannot block those strange followers 
I don't know what nudging means in Twitter terms. 
Why oh why does Twitter keep deleting followers of mine when i havent asked it too 
Twitter is blocked on my new work system.  I won't be able to update as often anymore.
@trickyshirls get days like that myself no worries..Twitter is strangely  A firm part of my life   Ambivelent x
I was just informed that there will be no service up north... No Twitter for a few days 
wow it's been almost 2 months since i have been on Twitter. bad bad me 
I'm kind of hurt that somebody tried to report me as Twitter spam 
Is wondering if I have an old version of Twitter? I can't include websites or mention people 
I miss being able to visit Twitter at work  It doesn't take up much time and it was one of my only outlets, a way to get through the day.
What after Twitter? @kellyfabulous69  ... betta see u this weekend and next twitter tues: .. http://tinyurl.com/nqw2zy
Home from my hump-day outing...wish I had someone to be calling/texting  Twitter is my sudo-late-night boo...for now.
Twitter is frustrating me. I'm only getting updates from certain people and I have more than just their updates turned on. 
@mrstevenla That's because that stupid Twitter app sucks.  #ILOVEIRANBUTSCREWYOUADMINDASHLDASJAHEDAED
I have nothing Twitter about..but here I am people..addicted as ever..it's gotten worse I swear I need help 
Twitter: what do I do when the people I'm hanging out with don't use you...  I want to talk about them but you haven't met yet. 
@18percentgrey lots to tell? That is intriguing! I'm doing great but work is keeping me away from Twitter lately 
A Twitter restriction means I'm going to have to unfollow people who interest me but don't follow me so I can follow others following me 
Hey thanks everyone for all the Tweets over last few days. Not had chance to reply as much as usual as not much time on Twitter recently 
@MontyRules Not sure if it's life without Twitter or no computer that's so goddamn awful... No PC doesn't do business any good though. 
Carrying Twitter with me all day isn't good for time management 
does not know how to remove people I don't want on here, anyone? I press remove but they come right back, makes Twitter really shitty 
I need help!! I am addicted to Twitter!! I am neglecting friends and family 
@QDax I know! As soon as I get home, he's outta there...real Twitter site is blocked @ work 
I feel so out of touch with the world! I haven't been able to read gossip blogs, tumblr, Twitter or the news. 
I hate watching people's break-ups play out on Twitter 
@lhawthorn What a coincidence! I was just stalking your Twitter feed and the GSoC news. ;) I'm doing great, thanks. How about you? 
would love to stress that her last status was directed towards her wonderful parents, not her amazing Twitter contacts! 
@jhnewf  You inspire me to Twitter a lot 
Twitter is a legacy app  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeLZCy-_m3s
having some problems using Twitter... trying to do some testing for our new platform.... yes, it's Twitter related  
And all I want to do in life is eat lollipops and Twitter. 
If you feel offensed by dumbass marketing on Twitter, too &gt; #retweet my ass. 
@Mayyita U r still discovering something to do @ work haha... I  told u Twitter lol 
@Moonflowerchild oh god. how can something as simple as Twitter be so complicated 
If anyone else takes me stalking them on Twitter as 'the highest compliment', please send me your username and I will get on it for you. 
@wendywings You forgot to put your clock back? Twitter says your midnight message was....an hour before midnight. 
@nick_foster Right now, actually a Twitter app for automating a lot of stuff. I'm currently using it on this account to test it 
I also sold my soul to the devil and advertised the bundle on Twitter 
@nick_carter I love that you guys have fully embraced Twitter because we love knowing what you're doing all the time. 
@britneylush Twitter must have had a meltdown last night, huh?! All good now. 
hey hey hey, just joined Twitter. sounds like a nice thing 
Company blocked Twitter today  oh well i still have it on mobile 
At school, can't believe Twitter works here 
greetings Twitter world ! and how is everyone today ? 
@MarcPerel off to have a look &amp; listen at your Twitter on the couch thing-y 
Folliday: @MissCorey23 please show my lovie some Twitter love 
Twitter me baby! A-go head baby 
@caffeposto recruit!  the aliens will only return for us if we can... er, um, tell them Twitter is very fun 
now watching @aplusk and @iamdiddy on @kingsthings. Twitter mania continues 
2 ways to earn off Twitter: http://tr.im/hIHv and http://is.gd/iRtR (answer dNeero questions thru Twitter) .. go guys! 
One great thing about Twitter is you learn to &quot;skim read&quot; and screen content using icons. 
@DianaShores Ive discovered via Twitter that pilsbury-can-pop phobia is at an epidemic level. 
@ARoadRetraveled  Right ok, yes Twitter was having some fun too 
@DianaWyatt haven't had much of one yet...I'll get back to you   What have you been up to today, besides stalking those on Twitter?
@swalkingtree haha nice vdieo at http://tinyurl.com/c8979k {Anyone addicted to Twitter, give that video a watch!}  PEACE 
@sodaly Haha, that's perfect. &quot;Twitter, circa 1897&quot; 
@abbiirocks - Secret Twitter will eat your soul! I kicked that habit. 
Taking a break from coding.  Twitter library can now update statuses  made good progress, probably needs some refactoring work though.
@aaronmartirano  so easy to appreciate people who earn it by how they live and act - you make Twitter better 
@sherryness It is kewl how organically viral new followers &amp; followees works on Twitter...! 
@MCHammer congrats on the new show you have coming up. Couldn't happen to a nicer Twitter 
@KhloeKardashian yay! finally u joined Twitter! i'm following u  how are u?
@themiddleclass I felt oddly as though I was at some sort of Twitter-oriented dance club.    Pretty cool!
@themudshow yeah then Twitter would a better community.You know, more interactivity. 
@ThalesDotCom see my 10 things I love about Twitter at my blog http://hayes.net 
Twitter is addicting. I don't personally tweet so much, but I love reading everyone elses tweets. Haha 
like my new Twitter background, think my son likes it too, cause keeps staring at it 
@mediocre_mum just send them here: http://www.commoncraft.com/Twitter 
@darklord1 Aww sweet, thanks, but you will be late if you don't get off Twitter 
#MrTweet I recommend @darrencarter because he likes his women like he likes his Twitter... customizable and done several times daily. 
@aj_michalka No problems Twitter rocks  im a twitaddict ahah ;) why did you want a twitter soo bad xx ??
@wattle_neurotic following cause your Twitter name made me laugh ! will stop now tho, have a great day 
@Nutronic - the sort of problem you are describing can't be resolved on Twitter.  
@wine_scribbler Definitely agree re. more local Twitterers - there should also be a local Twitter group - for beer 'tasting' 
@jjprojects Sometimes a company that you didn't even know was on Twitter comes along and fixes your complaint...quickly. 
@KirstyWrites Interesting thought...I've never really considered Twitter that way but I guess it is a forum for all kinds of networking 
@MartinMillmore Twitter integration is working fine now - thanks for the support.  I've emailed you my log file etc.
@fritzymom Signing up onto Twitter...gettin ready to start the day don,t  know how to use this yet, but i,ll try  
@gandalfar Maybe even a &quot;pierce&quot; function? Twitter's hardcore after all, isn't it? 
is trying to figure Twitter out  any short cuts please feel free to let me know
ha, i needa update this thing more often  Twitter is Schweet.
@jordanknight yes you do want to be on Twitter..u'll read first-hand how crazy we really are 
@stephenfry It'll be a shame if Twitter replaces newspaper reading. I'm sure that Twitter will become a complementary adjunct! 
trying to figure out this Twitter thing 
@lindawadman I think Twitter is super fun, although it took me a while to warm up to it. 
I want to join in the competition, but my Twitter goal is going to be more attainable: 100 followers. Pleaseee tell your friends 
Still debating on whether or not I like Twitter .. kinda leanin' towards yes .. 
im happy becouse now i m a Twitter-er! 
newbie to Twitter! hi friends 
lol because I think Twitter is ridiculous...but I joined anyway...now gotta fold clothes and study 
@brokep well, u can't follow everyone who supports TPB. That would be half Twitter. lmoa. 
Wow the men I'm following (only on Twitter, to be clear  are twittering a lot.  This seems to be THE communication channel for men. ;-p
ps: follow @mistahfab mistah &quot;hit me on Twitter&quot;, keep that song goin! 
@nyappyrhiiee I will miss you. Twitter is nothing without you, my sweet princess.  Also hurry up and help me.
Setting up my Twitter account and arguing with my kids.  
@UltactI  I'll probably end up posting the entire synopsis on Twitter at some point.
good morning, Twitter friends 
@lesanto THink Twitter is glitched Ive got the start message the end message but not the message in the middle that says what happend 
trying to figure out this whole Twitter thing 
I wouldn't blast the geese. I like animals too much. For starters none of them Twitter.... 
@dtunkelang If you defined having a good attention span as a form of wealth, then Twitter causes poverty for sure 
Then again, there's this thing called Twitter.com - I quite like that too 
@paulschaeflein maybe or just general rudeness  I am literally stuck here stopped so Twitter keeping me from boredom
awesome! found another way to earn off Twitter: http://tr.im/jdtY .. payout is $10 via paypal. tnx @inkgenious!  #fb
@ev - Does Twitter have emoticon's yet? I'd like to add some sparkle to my 140 posts   #follower #retweetist
@fightshy oh, and in twitter, @BritneySpears follows me.  Twitter is a stalker's paradise
@djmoneystl Lmaoooo nooooo don't be  I'm the nicest person on Twitter!  lol.
@adamstrawson hehe . Just set you Twitter location to east bourne for the time being  hoping I'll get time to finish my up date this week
@lee_milton as long as you have Twitter, there's always something to do 
OK All - Eventuful as it was - I need some sleep - Twitter at you later 
Twitter is now my official random thought outlet. Probably nothing good will come of this 
@arfike79 Twitter's entry length is the same as a standard text message. It was meant for phone updates and just kinda exploded. 
@jayneale really - wow that's cool! This is why I love Twitter lots of great info 
Thanks god the western hemisphere is sleeping. Twitter is quiet and I can concentrate on the less important things, like work 
@kirai Actually I take that back, for some reason my Twitter client displayed the kanji as blank spaces....  But yes, very rainy 
I have about 200 more blip.fm followers than on Twitter - guess my music choice is more appealing than my little messages here 
@orange_hat Twitter is just a sickly methodine compared to the epic facebook addiction, but well done, you are on the road to recovery 
Twitter, baby, keep me company until midnight, yes? 
Note to doubters: Twitter does provide value and opportunity! Thanks @poprepublic 
is watching everyone move over to Twitter 
Twitter is like a facebook status no one can comment on, which is good because opinions annoy me 
ok..i guess spending more than 30secs on Twitter makes it all better.... 
Thanks to all those overly-kind Twitter friends for the #followfriday business - will have to do a blog shout out to you all! 
OK my cool Twitter friends..I might miss to mention your name on #FollowFriday ~ but, I'll try to b better next time  have a nice weekend!
I feel like Twitter is made for moments of laughter 
@tehkubix check out http://www.twitzap.com/ - It lets you refresh Twitter in realtime via a web interface 
Twitter 4 unborn babies. Now that is taking the pee 
Twitter me your tour thoughts... What cities? What songs? What shall I wear? 
via @nicole_uk: Twitter really makes our lives different, dont you think so? 
@davepool Don't always judge a Twitter by its cover! If that was the case we would be hard pressed to find a face to trust. 
After seeing last nights tweets from @katecraftorama, am pondering the wisdom of drink + Twitter 
@janalaiz Your gettin' it. Now just go snag a bunch of buddies to make Twitter more fun. 
Some people have brains the size of algae. Of course, none of you on Twitter meet this &quot;criteria&quot;. Those who tweet are real smart. 
just trying out this Twitter thing before I go back to bed.  
i have no idea who are the people following me on Twitter (well except for 1) hahaha 
Twitter is stupid shit but still it's funny 
I love that @jologon's facepalm pic sort of colors everything he says on Twitter. 
@DoubleTroubleDi it's me lulu!! follow me on Twitter! 
@chrisspooner you know what. your good deed won't be counted as you have mentioned it on Twitter  hahaha
You know a bus ride is boring when all you can do is update Twitter haha 
@danjoyce TY for wishing me happy birthday on Twitter. U were the only one. 
@_christina_ I don't stress about keeping up with everything on Twitter, just what I have time for. That's the key. 
I hear from a lot of people these days who are wondering if Twitter is a passing fad or not... We'll know soon (1 yr? 2yrs?), won't we? 
ugh, my parents are such dickholes. Haha, my mom has Twitter, lets hope she reads that 
My cousin's stalker found me on Twitter. :roll: yo, block buttons are good. 
@abrakapocus Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets! 
@danesh_m hey you found us! And went all the way with Twitter oauth I see 
(... beyond 'Her' -- and my desire to tickle ... yet respect boundaries, and so whisper from afar ..  Twitter has made me a better poet 
@milestorres I try to minimise it, but fortunately I'm in a job that necessitates being on Twitter from time to time 
@Turbostation hahah i thought i was the only Twitter treadmiller  thanks for following, &amp; good luck with your goals for better health!
i am interested in analogy between Twitter and group psychotherapy. very good book. I shall be quoting from it 
*Twitter name..  caqn't see what I'm writing cause the person's laptop I'm on sucks ( the laptop not the person ) 
it's funny how we always try to make things more complicated than they really are...Twitter is not confusing 
Hey you can get money from Twitting in Twitter: http://twtad.com/index.php?id=7023   check these out! 
@Bad_girl1983 welcome to Twitter 
@mswas There's also widgets to show Twitter feeds, as well as blog comments or posts. Widgets for every freaking thing, really. 
@emily_deon Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets! 
@PinkSlipPerks Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets! 
@Stres2 Hey welcome 2 Twitter, now I can follow your exciting life 
@ScottBourne I'm a mac user on Twitter, ready to win something. 
@christinerob Thanks, just made a few more changes  I just found a great online design tool for Twitter backgrounds http://bit.ly/HAEDe
So many giveaways and so many tweets to go round. If I seem like I'm bombarding Twitter with contests then you should be happy about that 
refuses to follow someone so egotistical and two-faced.. even if it IS &quot;just&quot; Twitter 
@SherriEShepherd Twitter is no excuse to act that way and I doubt any of them would say it to your face! How is your baby feeling? 
@edhenrycnn oh you are quite welcome...but you should know I am blaming this Twitter war for my sprained ankle! 
Getting my Twitter back!  No blocking me this time  
@ohhector me likes  (I don't know I figured I'd reply and see what happens next on this Twitter thing, lol)
Finally, no longer a Twitter virgin and now online! 
@prateekgupta Not surprised u liked that bout the 2nd computer, remember u chatting last night bout Twitter addiction. LOL 
I will update my Twitter in the middle of the night to piss everyone off that has me linked to their phone 
@shetouchthesky You should direct your &quot;wanting to invest in @Twitter&quot; questions to @ev or @biz.  They are the big cheeses.  
is starting to get this whole Twitter thing! 
@ElvisHsiao Twitter doesn't have photo support built in, but I welcome you to try my website http://woo.sh to share the photos 
@mashable Thanks to TweetStats, I confirmed what I long suspected: Twitter is keeping me up way too late!  http://tr.im/kpc1 @tweetstats
@mashable Thanks to TweetStats, I confirmed what I long suspected: Twitter is keeping me up way too late!  ht.. http://twurl.nl/oaerf4
I'm a new french girl in Twitter! And I speak English very bad 
@philwalters fickleness seems appropriate for a Twitter user 
@ankitbathija Thanks mate, just came on board here at Twitter ...  .. tweet up sounds great..
Just opened a facebook account, I'm a little confused I don't really get it. Twitter seems much better 
@stephiekwan And ooh, you changed your Twitter name! I approve whole heartedly. 
haha! and i just got an email that truth is now following me on Twitter  A sign that I need to do away with the obscure mind games?
now that was my first try at any other language on Twitter other than english 
Figuring out how this Twitter thing works 
Has no idea wtf Twitter is about but willing to give it a go!  Going out for a bit!
Twitter is officially the BEST way to advertise something. 
Adding names to my Twitter account and learning how to use this amazing thing! 
Just starting integrating Twitter with Forexforums.org ... looks like a great partnership!  I welcome all to our chat room tomorow all day
@traceym75 Thanks! I will tell her my friends on Twitter say so. 
@xVOJOx It's kind of like learning as you go...the blog thing, and Twitter, too! 
Twitter is useful in that it reminds people what they forgot to ask me about on a given day. It is also excellent for inspiration 
OK - so I can't sleep...  Twitter it is 
My friends are awesome! @JNBlack @koreantomcruise -- and the non Twitter ones here right now too!! 
I didn't check Twitter till just now. Thanks everyone for all the Congrats! I really really appreciate it  #fb
@jdlcaro,  In pre-Twitter days, I'd need   to wait  for a formal  invitation  to speak on edu2.0  from @rom  #Y4IT  
Finally came around to shorten my Twitter username from @pascalfinette to @pfinette. If you follow me - no need to change anything. 
Twitter is kinda confusing , but fun 
@sendsome2me haha, yeah. Twitter has many uses. For me it's just to know what the ppl i care about are doing 
Working on another cute mom design, based on a quote I just saw here on Twitter. 
@jimmypage1 Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets! 
Currently wandering. I'm kinda new  LOL. Exploring the wonders of Twitter 
doing nothing but figuring out Twitter today 
@Poshey22 I not on it as much anymore!! Twitter is my big addiction now! i added you so log off n back on! 
@lorimcneeartist Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets! 
@MariKurisato I don't get much time to even talk to people, Twitter notwithstanding, so when I do I try to give that lil bit of time 
Thanks for the comments on my new Twitter page.  Trying not to take things too seriously.  
@s1mplyadorkable your  my gmail account resulted in Twitter automatically placing you in my &quot;Following&quot; category .. I am glad it did too 
@maxine nice  - who'd have thought a random comment on Twitter would result in a website being updated?
I'm on the bus &amp; some girl in front of me with the same phone I have, is checking either her friendstimeline or getreplies on Twitter 
@renu19 haha. Twitter has a latency today. Its like something stuck in its digestive tract. 
@hotpatootie Its raining.... (gosh this time delay on Twitter is getting worse  )
@matty_gibbon thats what happens when they don't have a business plan  Twitter, you're fired! lol
Morning. How goes? I been a bit quiet on the Twitter front this week, too busy grafting. I'll try and be a bit more sociable today. 
http://tinyurl.com/phfl3v (answers: name, city, email addy, Twitter) 
Bobsterrrrrrrrrrrrr my freaking cool dog is being my alter ego on Twitter right now 
Twitter update  hurray for people who get my updates via cell phone!
just trying to find out how this Twitter-thing works 
Off to the shower . Twitter ya later  .
@MikeChapman Progress for those of us who want to see all @ replies, but a step backward for those who don't. But hey, it's Twitter. 
This is a taste of the drama you miss on Twitter if you only use it once a week  http://twurl.nl/xby6lo
@enormous  we've come a long way together in our great Twitter journey
At home! And has time for Twitter again 
@ingridmusic LOL screw people who think Twitter is dumb....they have no idea what they're missing 
So this Twitter thing condones -nay, encourages, and is built upon- self absorption? I may be a fan, yet 
Twitter universe  i have returned lol surprisingly didnt mind not going on twitter much today, ah the obsession is waring off 
@PeterBestel I assume that doesn't apply to the myriad of dogs and cats who have Twitter accounts! 
@HomeBuddies I was just thinking today that with Twitter it's not 6 degrees of separation anymore... more like 2! 
@lalayu You're havin too much fun on Twitter tonight. I'm having what you're having. 
yes, @bluebonnet21, yes it really is. I think my intelligence is too great for Twitter. 
@snappingturtle Your personal &quot;tagline&quot; &quot;message&quot; thing gets sent to Twitter when you update it.  @nimbuzz It'd be cool to view the stream
@bluebonnet21 yes, yes it really is. I think my intelligence is too great for Twitter. 
@TreylinRae yeah, I could see it now. Twitter has a pretty good logs 
...and so begins the shy, awkward phase of Twitter and I's relationship... 
@pcdisorder Maybe your kids need Twitter time too...You'd be surprised 
@maxgrinev @mariagrineva Twitter research - how did you guys use the datamining timeline to save public timeline msgs? thanks! 
just added @IvyBean104 to my following list. She's the oldest person on Twitter I believe, 104 years old  kudos for technology!
@lili_z @hoppke Twitter is definitely the best way of communication of three people sitting in the same room 
lmao &quot;Twitter status: all good&quot; HAHA brings back memories 
regrouping Twitter Friends now  do reply if you want to be included (in case I miss any!) thanks!
My first facebook update straight from Twitter 
I'm like sleeping by the laptop...checking after every five minutes cause @DavidArchie might be online in Twitter! 
@flipchilln too much material to tweet about last night. Twitter overload, sorry bout that. 
Twitter is becoming such a powerful communication tool hello lovely followers 
@ariherzog A good question. With Twitter it may not...  Endless loop of people trying to have last reply.
At the computer for most of the day today catching up on emails and other work.  Would love to hear from my Twitter friends 
Realizing that the last part of the question might be skewed since it's being asked on Twitter 
@gjwagner That's great~you really demonstrate a powerful way to engage with Twitter! good for you! 
@audiophile_tom I was leaning toward that, but I need Twitter confirmation for my every decision. Lol. 
@NicksTutorials Thank you for this. This answers a lot of questions I have been asking here on Twitter. 
@rowent Haha, never fear, Twitter teaches us to embrace stalkerificness...and who is your aunt, pray tell? I am intrigued 
@ symbol turned 473 (or maybe 472) last week: http://is.gd/AOqu. I have an overwhelming urge to reply to lots of Twitter folks. 
@mrsvc_sp LOL! I think Twitter has been extremely busy today. 
Wow...our expectations of quick response to events by media has risen dramatically after using Twitter 
Wow, I've spent almost my entire Twitter day checking oot and following new interesting folks 
#twitterfon - no way to see &quot;full size&quot; user avatar/picture.  Twitter web site has this function. I need it to see small icons better! 
There!  I think I am now following everyone on Twitter who follows me. You scratch my internet back, I'll scratch yours! 
@Bastaway he makes a custom paint mix, apparently.  We could ask him; he's on Twitter. 
Testing my mobile phone works with Twitter 
@GeekGirl_ This is true. Or in my case it would be hoping the ad break is long enough to go to the loo AND check Twitter 
@radioedit ok... but he's not on Twitter is he?! Makes communication a bit harder. 
Serious lack of Twitter over the weekend, been trying to avoid it for a bit and find interesting stuff to tweet about 
@dailytwitter ok curtain twitchers then  I don't think it's about trembling, but being acknowledging the responsabilities. Twitter is  ...
i've  just  join Twitter ... tring  to  understand the new neighborhood   ... 
Twitter on steroids - follow or unfollow made simple  lovin it today  http://tinyurl.com/ppjt2c  -
early day at work, hope the weather is nice   Later Twitter!
@MoocherGirl  I'm not so organized to know more than a month in advance if we will be available. Also my wife thinks Twitter is too geek
@pepper5431 no offense taken  we keep it real here on Twitter &quot;twitter is not for the faint hearted&quot; LOL
@frecs Twitter needs a like button. I liked this! 
@fiercethimble quite alright  you should get your sleep..and now you know you'll get the message eventually. Twitter is great for that :
@MarketingProfs ha I'm sure  I've been subscribed to the newsletter for some time, but really interested in your latest pub on Twitter
@artrox My reply was &quot;we got a few pennies which is all we could ask for.&quot; and then I went and complained on Twitter 
@JonBouman Twitter is more like a symptom, than a platform.  The disease is the one that is killing the traditional advertising model. 
@rebeccalamey hahahah DONE.  I'm Twittering at work.  For every 1,000 followers I get for my store's Twitter I get a dollar raise! 
Twitter is way too much work for me.  No one needs or wants to know what I am doing or where I am all the time.  
@jimanda2 Yes!  That's exactly what I was looking for.  Thanks!  Twitter for the win! 
@SarahGNYC I've had more time on my hands to pick up Twitter so I can help you. 
@bradjward We looked for Twitter commentary while we were live-tweeting graduation at @ithacacollege and interacted with the chatterers. 
I'll need to get the @TeeMonster book on Twitter.. seriously  it does boggle the mind sometimes
My appt with the plastic surgeon is in 7 hours, I better sleep  'Nite Twitter!
@nikki_morris lol- was after a couple last night, and i was trying to educate a few mates on the power of Twitter- twas a bad example 
@jimmyfallon say my name on your show! I know you check Twitter during commercial breaks! 
And on that note my Twitter peeps, gnite. 
What am I doing today, Twitter.com? I'm playing website-website and fixing some old pages. 
@jimmyfallon if Twitter hadn't of cut me off - You'd know I miss your ridiculously crazy self  xx
Doing a Twitter search for &quot;Oerol&quot; 
i'm now in Twitter! twit! twit! hehehe 
just finished my #FollowFridays thanks to all you amazing people who make Twitter such a great place 
just joined Twitter.............and trying to find out wht da fuss is all about 
@Ices24 oh and how do i put my Twitter on my blog?  heeeehe! my twitter tutor. hahaha
getting ready to go out with karima...finishing some stuff. Twitter is kind of enjoyable 
Morning @gekkko @williamsmckenna @jsrowe - really interested in talking to you for our Twitter column in the paper - give us a shout 
Off Twitter for rest of day - too busy - on mobile if anyone needs me 
I'm happy to see lots of new familiar faces on Twitter 
it's a blast finding all these bands and following them on Twitter. especially since they all seem to be working on new albums. 
No more international charges! Twitter is back on  wooohooo say hi to me!
@Nicoleugenia I care not for leverage, Twitter should be used for fun, not ego! Now go and vote for me. Seriously though, made my day 
so no one will join me on #favLP avatar?  i'm in &quot;exile&quot; on Twitter? 
My #followfriday Twitter recommendation for ya all is @sockington. You might be thinking, &quot;what????&quot;, but it's seriously funny reading! 
#Aion peeps. Next Twitter milestone is 1500 followers. I'll think of something else than posters to give-away for then. 
Cooking all but the eggs &amp; cheese until taters are tender. Wish I could send the aroma over Twitter!  http://twitpic.com/5owht
Hey... now you can see the no: of characters remaining to reach 140 ,while you type your message. Excatly as in Twitter 
@4play2nite I wish it was literal party time! I guess we will just have to &quot;Twitter party&quot; until works over 
@sull Thanks!  It will be fun to make one for you--you've got great Twitter style 
@wilfernandez Thanks for the follow.  I'm a photographer, too, but this is my personal Twitter account.  
RE: into twitter: i dunno. boredom makes people do random things. my random thing is Twitter 
@minijesus Don't say such silly things! Twitter aint shit! But you...you be amazing 
Twitter just reminds me of how much of a life I have. I don't have time to tweet every minute of every day??? That's awesome! I guess! 
@CraftyMamaof4 They definitely are! I love Twitter parties, too. Of course, @ResourcefulMom 's are the very best! 
Success has many fathers and failure is an orphan. All the investors who invested in Twitter, think they are visionaries, go figure 
@emilymcglothlin well see I was gonna say that but Twitter and it's 140 character limit just wouldn't hear of it 
@LisaHumphries - You're welcome  I've been trying to upload Twitter backgrounds for clients and realized you gotta be persistent 
Up to 33 followers on Twitter; want to break 100 by next week...are you willing? I'll try my best to be witty  www.twitter.com/sandralongo
I'm such a Twitter noob. I bet that Twitter vets hate kids who type something every minute. It won't be like this all the time, I promise 
Computer's being slow. It really sucks. Twitter is cool. YouTube is a fun word. Blogtv is kinda addictive. MySpace is also nice. 
now its my turn for bed, night Twitter-ers 
@erin_w84 lol. I wish I could read all your tweets. But the small dose I get when I look quickly at Twitter is good for now 
@starwing No lah. I'm walking for charity. But just gonna Twitter cos er, saja.  #relay4lifekl
@hummingbird604 thank you for the Twitter love 
Twitter is so addicting,I need to step away and do some work..please tweeple hlp me ovcome my addiction by not tweetg for the next 4 hrs! 
Get paid to use Twitter  http://atomurl.org/1884/
Get paid to use Twitter  http://atomurl.org/1884/
Get paid to use Twitter  http://atomurl.org/1884/
Get paid to use Twitter  http://atomurl.org/1884/
Get paid to use Twitter  http://atomurl.org/1884/
I'm waiting for my momma to get home I've missed her  gooood night Twitter babies you all are in my prayers I love you&lt;3
@gdb_ Twitter is like a toy,  you can't just quit playing with it. 
There is no way I can rock with Twitter...how many times during a day can I tell you what I'm doing?  
#followfriday @stevenhealey for always finding the best in Twitter apps and sites  40 minutes ago from
@jwillock haha its okay  good to know u got one! didn't expect it to finish so fast.. Twitter's just great for things like this..
It must be really anti-climatic for people who will attend one of @ppk 's presentations if they happen to follow him on Twitter 
