Most common words for this cluster:
[('twitter', 1440), ('im', 76), ('lol', 67), ('u', 60), ('com', 53), ('http', 45), ('facebook', 36), ('haha', 29), ('account', 27), ('followers', 26), ('amp', 21), ('pic', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'twitter', 0.9514772891998291), (u'Twitter', 0.8230143785476685), (u'tweet', 0.7428666353225708), (u'facebook', 0.7319153547286987), (u'Follow_AndroidGuys', 0.7210373878479004), (u'tweeted', 0.7190327048301697), (u'@_KimKardashian', 0.7158454656600952), (u'@_mileycyrus', 0.7151808738708496), (u'Twitter.com', 0.7143689393997192), (u'Tweeted', 0.7123712301254272)]





Haha not even yo. I just didn't know how to do that @thang to you on twitter  Haha
@twitter please fix this http://sp2.ro/5b7bdb because it brakes all external twitter avatar searches 
@garretjiroux do u write back on twitter? i miss ya garee...  x
re newing my twitter 
mm, twitter appears to have eaten some of my posts. naughty twitter 
damn!!! I m missing twitter... have been very busy off late and have not got enuff time to be active on twitter...  missing all d action!
http://twitter.com/freddybust/status/1463411617 - thats right! 
was playing around putting in random twitter usernames. so many wasted blanks! 
mr twitter what r u doing? i can't send direct messages anymore!! 
zac deleted his twitter account..how sad.. 
stupid effin twitter won't let me upload a picture 
rob pattinson deleted his twitter 
Why isn't twhirl (and/or twitter) making my url's tiny? 
My twitter avatar isn't loading 
Why are there spammers on twitter? It's so utterly pathetic 
Just created a twitter acct. Couldn't fit my last name in cos of 20 chara limit 
@Edica sorry for sending that msg erica.  LOL  wait did they send this on twitter? lol
lmao i don't get this twitter stuff. going to work soon  i love you savannah!
twitter were are you hello mom get on twitter what is sad?&gt; i know ur on twitter mom   you make me cry! sniff' sniff
woahh, im like so tired. mrrrhhh,  twitter on my phone doesn't work 
twitter! i feel like im running away from you, forgive me? 
is sad to have just found out that rob lowe does not in fact have a twitter 
Sry i have neglected Twitter  i feel bad! works been crazy but im on now 
@brianangelday26 forget the haters!! dont delete your twitter! 
argh i cant upload a pic  dumb twitter.....le sigh
im grounded because i use twitter too much ! not fair 
#firebug conflict with #twitter web, can't remove mistaken tweet easily 
i can't find my sister on twitter  makes it harder to stalk her
updated my twitter  isn't it tweet ;D baha . misses sammie 
Why is everyone offline on twitter? 
No msn friends on twitter=boring 
going insane trying to upload my profile pic on twitter!  finally!!!!!
@aslammemon Actually I made it animated gif http://twitpic.com/2mu2y, but twitter dont support animated... 
@enterskyland Im getting bored of Twitter, nobody replies, this only seems like a pit of crocodiles, huge mouths and no ears 
2 many spammers pe twitter 
can't find my laura on twitter 
@question210 get on twitter already...damn! I miss my homie 
iam sad i forgot my passwold on my twitter 
@scottyang the coolness of twitter has diminished.... 
thanks fanny for your updates haha i should be in bed asleep but have been distracted by facebook/twitter yet again 
is very excited to be twittering away on twitter but does not have very good twittering skills yet or many twitter buddies 
sign out twitter! 
@zouljiin He's on Twitter! But yes. He's awesome, and has an AWESOME! name. And sadly, I know not of the commercial you speak of. 
I hate using the mobile web twitter versn.. When movng frm old to nu pages, im sure im missin out tweets cuz of nu arrivals  #fail
having a twitter is pointless unless u don't plan to use it 
@marksanborn @jaderobbins You didn't broadcast that ep13 was out on twitter again! 
twitter is brokens for my mobile  i don't know why!
where r all my ppls??? not on twitter 
Where r my twitter twats? 
facebook gone  twitter next?
 twitter's not letting me post my photo.
Please stop corbin from smoking twitter 
@pmargosian I'm really upset about the whole situation  since u tweet, u should takeover their twitter acct. (pwease?..) LOL
@REYNOS I KNOWWWWWWWW! but twitter is on crack! it wouldn't let me change it! 
@oli0989 You're just too active on twitter 
@ruthdecay  twitter cut your message in half
@rgobea it was the song my sis linked from her twitter that made me do it. 
well well well.. twitter won't let me upload my latest pics  so this one will just have to do for now until twitter un-gays itself!!!
aww I see they took the twitter widget off the main page on the susan boyle fansite  still on the site tho
Trying to figure out what the hell twitter is and how do i use it and talk to ppl!!!  http://twurl.nl/h13slx
Hey Guys! check out our youtube channel for regular updates!.. and spread around our twitter! we want fans too 
tumblr is so much more fun than twitter 
@HAMMER32 Awww.  dumb twitter. I'm shaking my fist at it for you right now.
i wanna twitter so badly, sumbody twitter me 
@hurricanehuron im sorry, i was only on twitter for a little while, and then i had some serious projects to finish 
Tweeting at graduation...no twitter shout out at the clas ceremony 
@DonnieWahlberg ready to give up on twitter, never get responses 
@joeymcintyre ready to give up on twitter, never get responses 
im starting to be a twitter addict. 
alex,jack,chris,pat,and jared all just sent twitter texts talking about how amazing bamboozle is.  they're having fun and i'm cleaning ...
@natalietran I wanna be able to read the full quotes in the background here on twitter. They look funny but I'm blocked by the msg stream 
@maedub@ashberry_ I see how none od my diamonds lovee me on twitter anymoreeee 
If I didn't use #twitter, I wouldn't know that I'm the only one in #wa not at #emetrics 
@skiLLzzz yup. so long as i win it. i never manage to win any twitter contests. 
idk how to set up this twitter to my phone 
@govchains http://twitter.com/JulieBanderas/status/1691458  page doesn't exist 
twitter is not letting me follow ppl 
er i cant ddo this devicee thinge for twitter 
The twitter app sucks! 
just want 2 be funny n have a pretty profile pix n want evry1 on twitter 2 like me 
@melster_yo I'll tell u about it later  not via twitter haha ok LOL
My photo dissapered.......I don't like twitter 
twitter twatter chitter chatter to myself... 
@jubamad twitter twatter chitter chatter to myself...  ciao
just discovered twitterfall. total twitter addiction has set in 
has just forgot his twitter password!! 
damn alot of porn bots are following me today at twitter 
frustrated as none of her pics will upload onto twitter 
my twitter is stuck!!!!!!  sigh... http://twurl.nl/hhsuo0
forgot to update twitter 
dont get how to use twitter 
@apsara You on twitter? you never told me! 
is still trying to figure out how twitter works. .  and still sick. . but prom on friday yay!!!!!!
twitter is gay 
@merehypnotist you've kinda been freaking out on twitter. and not answering my text 
so this is like my 3rd twitter. they keep messing up on me. 
says @mightyvanessa why are you guys deleting your twitter accounts!!! This is bad...  how sad...huhu...depr... http://plurk.com/p/suovo
twitter's confusing... 
@yyukkakko YUKAKOOOO. yay. well my msn broke  so i can only go on like twitter and facebook and stuff 
@alexjacobwilson You have a twitter! LOL, dorothy will probably be singing that 2 now, since she's into that show now 
@SaharJ25 i wish tokio hotel had twitter 
just downloaded twitter berry and it doesn't work 
is sitting in a HUGE library trying to make myself do some work! Only a month tday left..I need to get of Twitter and get working!.. fun 
3is sitting in a HUGE library trying to make myself do some work! Only a month tday left..I need to get off Twitter and get working!..fun 
twitter won't let me change my layout 
oops, once again What would happen if twitter just went away? 
@agento tumblr + twitter/tweetie = sync impossible 
twitter - facebook status integration working for anyone? I can't seem to add twitter application in my facebook.  @twitter @facebook
is finding it hard to update his facebook status and then remember to update twitter! and i hate when they are the same 
@hnrxmcrlover what kylie said. I agree. Why say it on twitter? 
has neglected twitter. sorry. 
@tkilpatty10 ccheck it out! i got me a twitter! lol, sry i missed u while u were here 
@sTiLo09 oh no! now we cant text twitter when we're out together and be all gay....so sad 
@younghypelife hey u dont know how to hit me up on twitter i c and u the one who put me on  punk how u though??
@IamSpectacular hey spec.. u havent gotten at me yet  that is.. if i was there with u i would just put it down u would b on twitter talkn
is bored of twitter cos he has no followers yet 
@reginareyes sorry haha. saw it on twitter too eh i just had to post it 
 twitter iz gay n confusing :'(
hmm, is twitter down or somethin? last update was an hr ago 
@michaela_tesar Not seeing @replies from ppl we don't follow now, so less twitter in general   Looks like ppl aren't talking.  #fixreplies
The twitter stream is so much quieter without the @-replies.  boo
@teenaleone up..yeah twitter was a little down 
@explodedsoda because twitter is run by communists 
I see the spammers have cottoned on to twitter 
can't believe @spencerpratt told twitter his number. i tried calling, sadly, but it didn't work because i live in england 
@megarooony i totally forgot to check twitter after i said that! im going to bed now.  im sorry. i hope u are asleep, actually.
comcast is blocking twitter so I had to give a yahoo address to stay here  if blocked if would have been kicked off twitter
I so just forgot what I was gonna twitter 
 I can t find my sister on twitter...
@PreetiSodhi awwwhhh you miss me!  i miss you too. ok how does this twitter work? nad whens ur bf coming back?
had to start a new twitter cause my other one was effed up 
@architeuth1s true that!! web twitter is fucked!! tweetdeck you get many more @replies 
Trying to learn this twitter shit and getting frustrated 
@Twitter I HATE logging on and seeing a bunch of posts by me! I miss the flood of my 249 Followees talking to each other...   #fixreplies
my twitter following is like benjamin button!! ohnos! soon, it will just be a little hummingbird in a hurricane. 
hey. . Where did my pic go  stupid twitter!
I'm lowkey gettin bored of twitter 
@PettisMadison aww, bailee doesnt have a twitter?? 
trying to find a new twitter bg.. no success 
hey My beautiful twitter tits, i miss you guy 
I am the first one up in the house so I can do what ever I lyk lol                        So ryt now i am on twitter and no 1 is on msn! 
@sharlynnx aww  lets have a twitter party!! woo!! haha xx
twitter...seriously has the dick...so boring  soz tweeties
@NursingDrPepper  essay due 2moro. . .so naturally I'm on twitter.
Wrk 8-3 ty means no twitter 
@robertzp yes, I checked there: it works from the twitter page but not from tweetdeck or gwibber 
doesn't care for twitter much, no games 
This SUCKS that @Twitter has removed all the '@ Replies' of people.  
@jch59 I tried to start the #kirkmccoy on twitter, but it doesn't seem to take of. fail  you're a livejournal .. http://tinyurl.com/ophptg
freewebs.com/lookitsasha &lt;-- I AM SO BORED. twitter is boring to you can't post ernough just check my sites blog 
has no twitter until saturday 
I can only update my twitter but i cant reply to posts 
still can't get my head around twitter... hmmmm 
twitter screwed up everything, which wasnt much to begin with. &amp; i should hav never gotten a twitter .. im such a fucking moron.ineedjuls 
twitter confuses me... 
just set up a twitter page but dont no how to work it 
ppl rarely reply to my twitter messages, twats whatever they're called 
Tentando mexer nesse tal de twitter 
@osx I was under the impression iChat in 10.5.7 had Twitter support? SADLY I was mistaken 
@elmina I like your next09 video. Would you allow me to follow you on #twitter #fail  ? http://tinyurl.com/ompk85
gonna start to study  but keeps ending up on facebook and twitter :p
#adium 1.4beta1 supports #irc and #twitter. irc client is working, twitter client not yet 
One sunday without twitter ... I missed so much 
started studying  but keeps ending up on facebook and twitter:p
twitter fail!!! 
twitter has gone silent on me 
i miss ben stiller on twitter 
very upset that i cant find gary barlow on twitter &amp; this tweetdeck is keeping me away from the books 
my friendslist is very empty since twitter cut off replies 
back on twitter now ^^  why doesnt any one reply me? i love miley and demi, and i send them like a million messages but they dont reply? 
@TakeMyPawRescue I uploaded a new one, I wonder it the big twitter is having probs again 
omg, this is my 2nd twitter entry. i has a headache. 
@twitter can we please have more than 140characters! @tanyarhh u cant 
@lindsmartin you know rob doesnt have a twitter right? nor does kristen or any of the cast except edi i think. their all fakes. 
wtf. swine-flu is on twitter for about a month already :&lt; http://twitter.com/swineflu 
twitter's becoming boring  how sad
@stephenfry hi stephen heard how much you love twitter and thought id join too i need you to follow me as i only have 12 followers 
yaaas, i beleive mr twitter has come to his senses &amp; decided  to work! working tonightly, how shiiiiiite 
@cindymarshall haiii ciiiinnnn  aduh gw ga ngerti twitter niiii  ajarin dooong
y cant more ppl use twitter  ?   
finally got twitter. And is coughing so much she may be sick  x
sorry not been on twitter much 
checking out my facebook and twitter.  this is the last day i open the inet.  bye2 
I think @xjes3 is a little bitch, because she took me off her mobile twitter updates. She says I tweet too much. 
@richardescobar yeah, i get random adds by twitter bots 
How do I use this twitter?..I don't know how to use this blog...I wanna upload photos...BUT I  don't know!! 
@charlietuna i finally went to check out xlhit.com for some translated twitter search but it looks like it's down 
hasta manana tweople. still havent fixed my twitter app 
@Kittyspotneko epic phail Clitty epic phail you notice that I now have a twitter but don't follow me 
i can't upload a profile pic on twitter 
i are a twitter n00bie.  so confusing
twitter berry.......not working pour moi 
@PetiteLove i know!!! and this is just a twitter trend. ya know! but yo im still laughin &amp; im sad the unfollowdiddy tweets stopped 
yay so back on twitter and i have to get all my followers back  sucks for me! anyway, its raining in ny...gross. needs to be 80 again!
my twitter pals, not even 1 reply....    
@vBSetup I dont see http://tw.itter.me in those twitter tools 
@mammaloves  not only is your facebook not loading, neither is your profile pic in twitter 
i've been a twitter slacker as of late... 
@cathy_cochina40 hey!!! I wrote to u earlier n u never replied  lol stupid twitter probably didn't send it hahhaa how r u?!!
@RachelLock22 im going to twitter her mad now  i want a twitter from @jessicaveronica 
hates the net. ayaw bumukas ng twitter.  http://plurk.com/p/wxlxs
why the fuck am I on twitter!!! 
thinkin twitter is really quite borin 
Chirstina said shes gunna twitter more ...no more partners 
@marciechapa im back on twitter. 
  now the pic wont load up on twitter 
@thepartyChase u just got me real excited cause i thought teniece was on twitter... 
I'm trying to find a pic for twitter but all that  ihave are too big or can't upload. So I shall remain faceless  lol
wow. i just install twitter fox. I am tired to keep refresh my browser 
gah! i just can't get the hang of twitter   i must be more stupid than i thought! :/
pics arent working for me here on twitter 
@K8lyn333 twitter tends to do that to us 
havent been on here in ages  sorry twitter.. tweetdeck is broken
@ShannonDae really? I hate the mobile twitter..its hard to tweet with a sidekick 
@caitmccoy no im not going this wknd  sorry it took me forever to respond i just realized twitter isnt txting me ur updates!
my attempt to sync facebook and twitter seems to have failed 
I think I already regret telling rick I have an xbox... I'm losing him to that and twitter..  you still want it jimbo haha
ok, twitter doesnt like me   i must be really dumb...how do i send a msg?
twitter has spam!!?? oh no 
ok... twitter I almost pass out because of you!! bastard    :'(
Cristian just told me off about slackin on my twitter mackin 
I cant!  im on twitter from my fone
@mileycyrus can u give a shout out for my twitter account cuz i have barley any followers....  thanks so much! iloveuu! &lt;3
I am boiling.. and twitter keeps breaking 
im from argentina and they dont use this system of twitter, thats why i dont have many friends on twitter 
 I guess porn bots on twitter don't like me too.
@orchidluvr cant disclose that info on twitter  sawwy i will tell u tho
@pinky120281 i got kicked off twitter to many tweets!  ? http://blip.fm/~7appn
@Ailed6 wwhy my twitter photo not appears??? 
going to watch some horror..twitter ate my pic 
im totally confused by twitter  lets go LAKERS!
 PUBLICLY want to retract my statement of dumping my twitter bf!!
im so confused they need 2 fix twitter. 
dillon just called me a twitore  aka a twitter whore
twitter dat!!! by rusko should so be the theme song for twitter lolol he is epic, so good. no dubstep music in syd i know of 
missing him.    i'mdrunk that is why im letting out my feelings.  oh no twitter why am i writing this. fuck twitter.
No tweeting till june 6! 
trying to get twitter via txt workingggg 
Laying in ___ in a ____ no __ ... and @__________ on the comp on twitter getting it in...... No good bob 
I have not been ignoring u twitter I just forgot my password 
@ladymaryann the free twitter account cant be given somebodys changed the password 
weh... I liked that photo. Why won't it show up in twitter?! 
oh how depressing we're 3rd  http://twitter.com/30SecondMarsBar
@AmyPerry04 really? he dont have any twitter account BUT i saw one that  syas that he's really the adam lambert. 
is so annoyed with twitter as it wont let me change my picture  grrr
@AmyPerry04 really? he dont have any twitter account BUT i saw one that says that he's really the adam lambert. 
new twitter pix has been successfully uploaded. that was me and our late pet, vandolph 
twitter is slow...god,i can't see ur tweets!!!  i think i'm gonna watch obsessed... 
Im afraid @heartmyscissors doesn't grasp the concept of Twitter  
tryin to figure out how to use twitter...and wondering y photos are nt uploading... 
twitter hates me. 
wht i must do it wth twitter 
uhmmm... can't upload profile pic on twitter  
@moirarogersbree I have it but haven't read it yet. I use to read 3-4 bks/wk but since I started blogging &amp; twitter, down to 1 bk/wk. 
So only like 2 ppl in my twitter fam are awake  I'm bout to get like @georgewezsley  and start conversing with myself.
@lynnphua twitter more fun! msn v troublesome! so many convos! 
Twitter is NOT useless. 
@shoewee that twitter video isn't working for me 
problemas c/ twitter 
twitter sucks.it wont upload my photo 
Is mad twitter is not getting any updates from my phone ...grr... 
still can't upload my pic  wish twitter would fix the prob
facebook and @twitter are sucking today.  
i can't work this dang twitter 
It wont let me change pics on twitter 
i needa new pics on my twitter it is soo hard to put one on it sucksss 
Cinno thinks twitter is dumb 
blahhh i need to get twitter on text...taylor just left  we slept so much..now i have to work on stupid bio project
@DubarryMcfly i'll miss you on twitter tomorrow  xxx
Why won't any celebrities twitter me 
@JBnVFCLover786  @thomasfiss haha twitter convo with thomas...i remeber these *hugs tighter too* never leave me..us!!!
twitter isn't updating my profile or pics 
wth i cant upload a new pic for my twitter profile 
@UniqueNY hahaha i wasnt by twitter  sorry
twitters being all stooopid and won't let me upload a background for my twitter 
@xoxoHelenHilton phheewww! haha, and yeah same. which suckss! i really do hate twitter sometimes 
@thespunkyone still not getting @JonathanRKnight 's tweets  twitter hates me!
@AirianaCullenH no grrrr twitter died on my 
My twitter texts aren't working 
twitter keeps making me refresh it. it's not making me happy 
Ok what the heck is going on???? Twitter stopped working 4 me, internet went out for a bit &amp; my cell phone has no service.   WEIRD! lol
twitter is being a biatch to me today 
cant twitter properly. 
uhhh, my life is incomplete when twitter is down. 
@AmyPredsfan I am on gravity but is slow and overload twitter 
@Cabbrock my twitter is messin up!!!!  It won't refresh and then kicks me out 
@ZephyrK9 ditto on the fail of twitter 
@MartinMMC martin twitter sucks 
twitter iis reallyy fcking up on myypc  haha stupid cavs lol
@BGramo10 ha! its tough...but i fell in love with twitter...lol. I dunno what happend! i miss u too girl! 
dear twitter, why do you keep failing me !? 
I cant access twitter 
@kirstiealley Its twitter that's acting up. It has been doing it all afternoon 
twitter not letting me follow ppl anymore  and my pictures apparently to big to upload but its small...
@SiciliaCurves there isn't too much interactions when i'm online on twitter anymore  wierdness... lol
@just_jme  twitter fails.
It's the middle of the night and Twitter is FINALLY acting nice for me.  Now that no one's awake, of course. 
nadie me followea en twitter  jaja soy emo!! =P
@n1gga i cant tell you on twitter. 
i have no interest in following the whitehouse, twitter however seems to think different 
is on twitter. fuck 
omg, just after i left a message on twitter. so did JLS.  fml, i missed them. they aint gnna tweet for another month or so!  fml.
OH: omg, just after i left a message on twitter. so did JLS.  fml, i missed them. they aint gnna tweet for .. http://tinyurl.com/nuvr9s
phillip chappell i love even if you are wrecking my twitter stop pressing the numbers  x x
@im_erika It looks like Twitter's been doing that to ALL 3rd party apps for several hours now.  Everything is showing as from web. 
no offence thou :/ anw byebye. sad. i hate ____ on twitter 
arg noones on twitter 
ooh, twitter is getting the better of me. as usual 
Shoot, now i'm a twitter virgin 
@nateda LOL I'll keep ya posted but it also had the spanish but twitter only does 140 characters. 
trying to figgure out this twitter lark 
Omg I'm using Twitter as another procrast tool. But it's so easy!!!!! 
@mileycyrus i heaaard about youu on the radio. and the twitter latest  x
getting mad at twitter because my profile pic won't stay up 
is finding twitter weird!!! 
@michaelyuan ya go to his twitter - no existy 
oh, twitter. how i give in to fads 
twitter's being a fuck! 
agh stupid twitter!!  my pic went away
my twitter score sucks arse 
twitter hates me....cant upload a new pic 
@Dannymcfly tell harry that i miss him on twitter 
Ugh...had to make another twitter. Wouldn't let me sign in to the one i made 5 mins ago. 
is wondering why twitter won't let him upload a photo 
ughhh frustrated with my twitter profile pic 
Sooo...about my pic...IDK what Twitter is doing cuz I def. uploaded it like 1hour ago 
stupid twitter wont do what i tell it to 
omg twitter won't let me use any of my good pics !! 
Ugh!  I must take a twitter break. The blackberry is dying 
@JasmineMcGregor I've been having probs with Twitter all day  I'm trying to make a new account (for my cat, ha) and its being STUPID!!!
@MunozScience I emailed it cuz it's 2 long 4 twitter limits 
i want to follow andy samberg on twitter i cant find him!!! 
damn u twitter - my dp is not working 
stupid redwings i cant even watch anymore  lol im going to bedddd nighttt twitter
I wasn't around for the twitter spam '09 of ontd. 
 wheres my twitter buddies ...
@THEREALJMAC lol. I'm so mad at twitter tho  I felt so bad
How do I take my tumblr off twitter 
I've been giving the wrong url for my twitter 
twitter hates me again and again and again.. 
My twitter values a whooping $7...about as much as me 
i am so confused 2 use this twitter heheheehe no tweeting 4 me 
@mrsha Not a peep or a tweet.  @twitter is ignoring my @timmy07 account.
twitter= im not feeling it. 
still having probs with profile images on twitter 
@twitter my profile pic is a red X  what's up?
wants to ask sophie and tom how they are revising surfacing but is finding twitter too complicated as to how to put them in this message 
twitter's slow....  can't see ur updates...  ;)
it won't let me change my pic  mean twitter! probably a sign i should be revising
@emmaawatsonn i believe ur the real one.. PLS dont delete ur twitter account... I beg u.. 
I'm a 3 week old twitter-er. And still having just 19 followers. 
@ldhoward i meeeeean, i already know what you look like, but can i still come to your ny twitter party? lol &lt;3, the roomie u left behind 
my personal twitter acc (@dbasulto) got suspended 
why is shotgun jackson's twitter not working 
stupid twitter. won't let me upload a pitter 
twitter is my only friend now  gosh i sound pathetic. HAHA. but yeah, boreeed. can't sleep 
I finally gave into nadia's ridiculous demands for me to get twitter.  I feel dirty.. 
aggervated  stupid twitter crap. ps happy birthday ilycullex3
@Ambikaa i thought u sd u cme on twitter all the tym 
Wondering why my new photo says it looks nice but doesn't show up on my twitter profile??? 
is getting annoyed with twitter! my freakin' pic won't show up anymore 
@JonasBrothers you didn't answer questions from twitter in your webchat did you? 
@melissa_paige92 dude there's a new twitter app called twitter pro an it looks so tight but it's $4.99  I kinds want to buy it though...
@SiLLYCHiCK01 It doesnt say twitter berry  I couldnt get on it wouldnt log off,..
Hey, there finally is spam on twitter! whoo ... 
twitter, won't you allow me to change my photo? 
@twitter Is the acct cleanup what happened 2 me? I was suspended briefly yesterday... 
@twitter Is the acct cleanup what happened 2 me? I was suspended briefly yesterday...  http://twurl.nl/lfzzph
enojado con twitter 
@melissafreitas i only have 2 followers, being new on twitter is so ....ergh!..i wish deb was on twitter! and everyone else   
@gingersnap1313 I think so  This is such a sad day. He/she was HYSTERICAL and made Twitter so fun
my other twitter an error 
@ hes not following me on twitter 
after party through twitter that I don't believe I posted on twitter eep.....  I hope it didn't have any mean comment with it like
i miss when twitter told you what appliance you were tweeting from 
no funciona el twitter movil 
still dont kn0w h0w t0 use twitter 
Y dont celebs talk to their fans on twitter??? 
awww im not found on twitter 
is wanting to know what else is there to do on twitter cause i be lost 
@requin merci! But my twitter pic disappeared  maybe the person in charge of twitter is a detroit red wings fan *angry face*
@cclvsj I'll tell you whats gay... twitter for not letting me upload any pictures 
my twitter pic won't show up 
@shamara99 uor so right @cav32 doesn't use his twitter acct so I stopped talking to him 
eww. ed westwick&lt;3 no long has a twitter? how rude... i love him 
twitter is being dumb and possibly not working 
I'm still without a twitter avatar 
$88??? That's my twitter value?? 
My phone is about to die and i left my charger in my friends car. Twitter has to go off. Im home in austin i miss cali alot 
there's something wrong with twitter, when I update on twitter berry it stated, from web!! 
twitter sucks it wont let me upload my new pic 
@amidivine it's a glitch. i contacted twitter about it. hopefully they'll fix it soon  im sorry!
I want a pickle.. I still haven't had one  I'm taking over twitter! MUAHAHA!
mobile twitter sucks! 
twitter is being a beeyotch 
@twitter i always get errors because my user name includes &quot;twitter&quot; 
confirmed web twitter has been GFWed  #china #twitter #gfw
@juniperez u r 500% right..i was hoping twitter wouldn't get bombarded by them..but alas..they r everywhere in internet land 
I dont know what is wrong with Twitter but it took me ALL night and day to get into mine! 
twitter blocked in china 
@CHINKEYCHYNA that's wat I'm tryna figure out. I didn't even change my pic. I don't think twitter like me 
is at a loss of words now that heidi and spencer aren't on twitter 
@biskoochie staged grrr twitter doesnt let you undo typo's 
olivia just punched me in the vagina because i'm on twitter 
@twitter so much spam hitting me up 
I'm still a twitter noob 
Picture isn't showing on twitter hmmmmm 
: ughh muh twitter is messing up 
@rustyrockets where have u been  us @brandystrippers have needs that u must fulfil via twitter at least!!! xxx
going to tutoring, bye twitter 
omg i finally got a pictureeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i was starting to think twitter hated me 
I am going to protect my twitter now. So I will stop getting spam! 
@oOogabriela can i take ur twitter education class 101..cause u be knwin how to move around twitter and im lost 
havent been on twitter for a while. im a twitter noob 
bye twitter! haha.. i'm so bored.. 
No more twitter and flikr from china 
conan doing a twitter tracker?   say it aint so
theres 2 many twitter haters out there  but there's also alot of twitter lovers 
Guess I'm totally over twitter  it may get deleted very soon!
hello twitter. i caved 
my twitter clients maxed out their twitter calls 
@Stephanya  I'm only a twitter account.... I'm no fool! hehe ;)
@CcHaNeLDaBeAuTi idkk..  i put her on twitter..so she needa be quiet.. waddup tho?
ooooo how i miss having mobile twitter   c ya tomoro twits xoxo
ok why isnt twitter working for me? it wont change my pic!   
@makeupbyrenren yayy! you're back! i didnt even see your update  ppl been killin my twitter w/ updates lol
is anyone out in the twitter world? i want a @reply 
Before I started twitter, my brain actually worked.  
Recoding our spam filter: twitter.com has gotten itself into the SURBL blacklists, so email containing &quot;twitter.com&quot; is being filtered 
@meghornby its not bad ahah il just have to wait til your online or sutin coz cba in these twitter limited letter boxes 
@emfed who's twitter annoys you? 
Our twitter homepage was mistyped and is now correctly pointing to http://greenvillecountyscusa.com/ - I left the slashes out before 
neeed to learn how to get twitter on my celly!!! and no its not a black berry 
pulsa abis, jadi susah mau update twitter. hiks! 
Finally on twitter. This is my first twittering and it's not as fun as I expected 
@diana_music i love you!! haha im so bad at twitter 
Man! My email!!!! I need it! Twitter is the only internet thing Im using. And that's cause i can use it from my phone.  i need utube!
My scalp itches twitter! 
gorram pidgin is being a douche about the twitter plugin right now. 
@theconnectedone umm so i'm green to twitter and didn't even see you responded until now!! how annoying...  is this still available?
@twitter will twitter be down!? noooooo 
I don't understand twitter?  sorry I'm new?
@Ilkee aww  that happend to me before as well. bad twitter
My stupid twitter nudge doesn't work so I'm forgetting to update 
alright twitter I'm out...off to work I go...yay how fun lol 
;; looking for my beautiful mommy on twitter, still can't find her....  
heyyyyy! twitter!!! you changed my backround on me  aww you stinker you! &amp; i cant adjust the colors...grrrr twitter grrrrrr!!
working hard on the site to get facebook connect &amp; twitter working better... noticed some bugs 
how do yu send comments orn twitter? thats if twitter even do that! jheeeze this isz confusing 
How int the world you send direct messages on twitter? It doesn't seem to work for me 
if twitter was a class, i'd fail. this is confusing  http://tinyurl.com/npa9be
wesley think's twitter is gay 
sorry tweeps, twitter is not working for me &amp; not letting me tweet!  hopefully it will correct itself soon
blah tried to change my twitter pic and now its freaking disappeared  i want it bacckkkk lol
talking with my beautiful cousin @carla boo! she doesn't have a twitter  YET!
:O:O:O! @Aaronrenfree has changed his twitter dp  gutted not as smoldering in the new one
finally on twitter.....  but couldn't get the username i wanted 
twitter will go on maintenance in 15 mins 
@musicalninja nope, twitter goes down in 10 mins. 
@MyMelodie not using twitter itself - just the twitter clients  I'm with ya - I've been unfollowing spymaster ppl until they get over it
oooohhh nooo, twitter down EAst cost 
everytime twitter updates, the fb page destroys itself. 
twitter is under maintenance  bahaah i am obsessed
ughhh twitter sent my txt too late! 
I think I mite hate twitter  (sigh)
@SheWillCutUDry wb bb! you're lucky u were gone during twitter maintenance! it was a long wait  haha
@londicreations i know.... with out my tweetdeck twitter just isn't the same  ... i seem to miss so much of whats going on 
twitter is like dead  like omg.
@StewartKris sucks getting twitter hacked 
omg twitter freak today 
@cohen_sydney we are going to a Barm.   would appreciate twitter update on scores please? Thanks
on msn and on twitter looking at how many followers i have got on 20 
is not impressed wit this twitter....giv me fb anyday 
i really love adam lambert but he;s not on twitter!!! 
hahaha!! i like twitter but...i don't now something 
 twitter updates on my phone don't wanna work 
i h0pe he have a twitter aCc.. 
R u ok twitter?  Not picking my updates 
How dare those wankers block twitter at the forum 
@lalayu erie, twitter is failing again 
 ih had 110 followers and now ih hav 99 heyyy twitter
setting my site back to &quot;private&quot;..should have known better...less than 5mins have 3 sexbot twitter followers....geez-lou-wheez. 
BTW storms have done something 2 our wifi. Twitter in all forms isnt updating in &quot;real&quot; time. I might seem late in replying 2 @ or DMs. 
twitter isn't telling me how many characters my posts are...  i think my mac needs updating 
Just created a twitter page...it's a little confusing 
i want to vote for david in the twitter elections as well but if i do hell overtake tom 
welll twitter is officially boring. 
trying to figure out the snap2twitter for my bb... pissing me off cuz i'm hungry too 
@DavidArchie I miss you replying your fans on twitter, too!  I'm sorry I'm crazy.
i dont understand twitter system.. 
@greeneash do u know what happened with kristen&amp;rob's twitter? 
@apraalii i dont think mr twitter is ever going to work for me again 
@wmutia just trying how to ask a question.. most of the celebs i was looking for is not on twitter.. or baka fake   hehehe
T is off twitter, which means I'm flying solo 
waaaaah i'm 59 126 out of 71 742 for popularity on twitter 
@deexo haha too bad she doesnt have a twitter  fuckinnngg freshman.
WTF , twitter me puso un background q no es el mio 
@lisahopecyrus hunny!!!!!!!!! twitter limit! 
@alex_mauricio I hade to make a new twitter. 
wasting more time trying to figure out &quot;selective twitter&quot; for facebook  #fb
@boricuacakes what's wrong gurl ?!! u forgot about twitter!!!!!                LOLLLLL
I don't understand twitter.....it's kinda confusing 
@StaySeeStace No she hasn't  I really want her to though  I pretty much spammed her twitter yday but i've kinda given up.
I wish @courtney_pink's phone worked on twitter. 
rachel hacked my twitter. 
@Descending Surely meeting me, a fellow twitter fan, randomly on your #abdntweetup wasn't that bad! ;-) .... I hope you feel better soon 
Twitter Fam... be very carefully with bleach it gonna turn yo blue clothes light purple  i HATE this shirt now
grrr.. twitter updates to mobile wont turn off 
loggin off of twitter,  i don't want to know the spoilers
My uber twitter isn't working 
@jayde_nicole I'm happy to hear that you'll be following me! But I never received email from the twitter team conforming it!  howcome?
@FreakFlagFlyer I HATE we have only 140 characters to write. Sucks ! I barely can say something.  Twitter is an ASS!
@eyeSAIyuh fb and twit. duhhh and i dont like twitter... i dont get much attention 
not a fan of twitter 
@jonasgrrl @missryss we have to talk quick my twitter txts stop @ midnight 
updating my twitter embarrasses me. i wish i had better shit to do. 
@ozdj that's evil - I want an A3 twitter bird 
I cant use this twitter 
@pepperlive...where you @ homeslice? you ever gonna come back to life on twitter 
@iheartfamke Stars lost   But I am glad to see you on the twitter.
hmm.. i think i'm about due for a twitter... i'm in a bad mood  i feel like sleeping
Why are most of my Twitter pals are at the other side of the planet?!  When Im gettin so energetic to tweet y'all are goin to sleep! 
grrr... my twitter is all messed up... I'm not sure I like it here after all 
why does my twitter profile pic not work 
@StarbuxGirl which sucks, lucky twitter and skype is free (not games though 
replying to a very late night text from my bf. saying he can't sleep.  i'm still wishing he made a twitter account.
@raduchira - spamu acuma pe twitter s-a marit... 
yay! i don't have a fever anymore. yay twitter, yay yay yay. i love you twitter, yay twitter, 13th update! it was scary ytd, 39.6 degree. 
@lamunro we can be as noisy as we like, twitter has told @hypnophil to come back in an hour - he's not a very happy twitterer 
what the fuck! i think my twitter have been hacked! 
trying to figure out how to put twitter widgets on blogspot 
@lilj_j15_SODMG I didn't know that uber twitter took my url and shortened it   the url is in my profile - 502motorsports.com
im cold........again. And forgetting to update my twitter         sadness because of the rain
@kherihines I don't even know how to start a topic trend on twitter.    
going out and wont be able to check my twitter  boooooo
@jack hey, I will out twitter if it continues to permit only 20 tweets per hour. 
@ShauNNiE90: ew you got twitter! hahahaha I'm doing accounts now 
@tiffanymolleda Are you an esmee fan to woaw  I would love to talk to her on twitter but she never replys   can you help me  ThanQ
i need a new twitter app, this one doesnt alert me when i get a reply 
bye twitter . im going to . i dont  know but im goint to eat somewhere outside 
bye twitter . im going to . i dont know but im goint to eat to somewhere outside 
Being forced to join twitter  lame.
hmm the twitter plugin for pidgin is great but i can't turn off new notices explicitly for the twitter window 
@dannygokey i wanted to vote for you in the mr.twitter or whatever it's called, but the link wouldn't work  what should i do?
Trying to get the twitter app on facebook to work, no dice 
is wondering why my twitter won't let me upload new pics  very upset
@tommcfly why won't it let me vote for you for mr. twitter universe or whatever its called?! hahah 
twitter on blackberry sucks ! i cant upload twitterberry 
I wanted a mcgriddle this morning but they ended breakfast before i got there  sad. Lol. http://twitter.com/PALEGA/statuses/2067264806
I can't wait til josh comes up  it should be nao! anyways 5.29am, sleeptime twitter.
I'm watching the apprentice and have realised how twitter can be addictive 
@peterfacinelli does your wife twitter? i cant find her. 
@geliquee you're back on twitter!! yahoo!! We missed u @ tishas grad party  are u feeling better!
omg, i'm such an idiot when it comes 2 trying a new language on twitter. 
@Dannymcfly get'cha ass on twitter dearrrr! 
I want the hair in my twitter pic back again 
cant figure out twitter txt 
Is gutted,i know who has been evicted from big brother before ive watched it! @ThisisDavina announced it on twitter!  ah wel never mind! x
@lisagoo i know.  i want kradison to get twitter. how about a joint kradison account hahah.
oops! Thank you! @snackiepoo @CFitz - incidentally, there is no @DishChickCarolyn on twitter. It's too many letters for a name on twitter 
@tommcfly cheer up!  your winning mr twitter! x
alright, my twitter updater on wordpress is acting up again... 
dear twitter, I'm sorry i've neglected you 
twitter updates not working on my fb 
twitter should allow us to have more than 140 characters to write. 
@ashliee i need a twitter app. 
@roychang do u mind switching your twitter username with mine ?  please...
bye twitter.. have to off.. sigh. 
After using facebook , twitter sucks so bad, i regret joining twitter !! 
tryna figure out this twitter ishhh 
and i'm on twitter and getting my first spam, great twitter 
ouch! 2 twitter users removed me.. 
Off to bed now in a sad mood ciao twitter 
#iremember .. when i was so bored using twitter  its dying down on me ..
still gettin used 2twitter  sorry if i dnt reply
missing twitter since his iphone is not working 
I think celebrities having twitter is really sad. 
I forgot my password until now. So I couldn't post my twitter. 
@adlyx   I didn't even know twitter has a limit  ?!
theres sumthin rong with twitter 
should start revising and stop letting twitter and facebook take over my life 
i wish i understood this twitter stufff. i even looked up on google how to understand this site. im a confused and distraught giirl. 
@micabedoya twittering even in class uh!! you are a twitter adict and i think me too 
oooh i hate leaving twitter behind...  byeee! snif...
@Samiikinz15 dang im sorry i dont check twitter alot!! were you on?! 
don't know if my heart can handle it to follow http://twitter.com/NewYorkology 
twitter down again for 90 mins 
@sugarbabe2 oh how I missed twitter!! It's stormy black here in nyc 
my twitter isnt working on my iphone  that makes me really sad.
@AeonGotBeats dang  #parkview  (dunno if i got my twitter syntax straight
I just got followed by a sexbot on twitter....    first step to myspace quality...
I forgot my password for twitter. 
Twitter is DETERMINED not to let me change/fix/update my pic.  
@retrochic20 oh shit i just remembered that twitter posts your horoscope without you actually having to be online 
lucas deleted his twitter 
Jealous of @simonvallejo and @she1la twitter pics!! 
twitter confuses me 
starting use twitter, tired of examens 
really really really want to go to @140conf tmrw been rocking twitter since 06 I should be there 
i dont know why twitter just now sent that thru. but 1 word: headache. 
twitter seems mostly designed for spam now 
I hate spam  im actually thinking of cutting off twitter from my phone o.O
what happened with my acc off twitter 
@ijustine I didnt make the twitter song  I think it will hit a million views easy tho congrats!!!!
I can't get back off to sleep, and twitter isn't working right from my phone,  booo. Xxxxxx
@MrSmoothsofly i feel neglected ; you never tlk to me on twitter.  like ddeff not cool. i thought we was homies.. ?  ?
jaja twitter sucks!!! idk what to do 
masih belum ngerti cara main twitter 
I have neglected twitter today.  I am a horrible tweep.
No one is on twitter, msn or skype 
i thought i was done with the tears  byebye twitter.
Awww my twitter buddy is banned from twitter for an hour  i miss her lol
I don't like this twitter app but twitteriffic won't work  emily is snoring &amp; I'm bored  heehee
twitter account was suspended over the weekend coz it linked to our site, which had been compromised by mallware  .. but we're back now!!
@tyrannosarahrex stupid twitter i sound so stupid in the last tweet cuz they dont give us enough characters ! 
@thatiusstatic u havent been on twitter for so long 
We are only on for another 40 mins!  dumbass twitter
@dontgolooking lol! well you shouldn't ahve  but but but I'm having dinner so I allow myself to be on twitter hahahah
and twitter doesn't seem to be able to tweet back to this number  #clubvaiocongress
is wondering why i cant find any of my peeps on twitter   so sad
Is such a bate twitter noob  lol
@twitter Why can't you make a site for old comps that isn't boggish? 
just got this twitter thingy, its AWSOMEEEE (: ...but distracting cuz i should be studying for english exam tmorro. 
confused with twitter. how use it?? hmphh.. 
couldn't find me with my username on twitter 
1st twitter post is a bad one...why???, because i now have to get ready for a 8hr shifft 
My twitter app on #iphone won't work anymore  I'll see if i get another.... #twitter
is bored and is finding twitter shit   x
Goodmorning twitter i hate regaeton ... I wanna sleep 
I wish the twitpocalypse didn't break my twitter client 
@marifelden yeah,twitter is not famous here yet 
@TinkerLaine  hey..hello rhona here i made a new twitter account my old one was suspended..i don't know y..  hehe ohnga d tau nagpasinan.
@MaggiePXL wuts good homie..I thought we had twitter beef 
@specialdave197 I'm a twitter addict arnt I 
@trefur wtf twitter deleted my haha  now i just look like a cocky dick. a cocky dick...
My twitter profile is so &quot;young&quot;. 100th tweet goes out to all you T9ers out there, wherever you are. miss you all!  )
downtime makes me sad  please keep twitter up.
@miahump ooooo... that you dont love me no more on twitter..  not like you used to... lol.. im out of it. dnt mind me but i think we
@stina6001 i need to get back in the groove of twitter again! ive been so swamped  i twiss you.
im watching tele and on cmputer on twitter and the adds have just came on 
Wow..i'm hardly ever on twitter anymore.  whats wrong with me?! Lol.
@SamGuevara  ur going to ny without twitter ?  meanie
anxious to see my lil boy. my pic on twitter isnt showing! 
@BrendenHill here u go tryna be funny on twitter..smh hahaha I was gettin it tho (I was gone off of patron) 
@twheresweevil *facepalm* Can you link me to their twitter? 
arghh twitter goes offline in 14 mins 
So frustrated with twidroid that I'm considering looking for another twitter app for my G1  
@KrissyKiss damn where's the twitter police at...I just been threaten  lol
@nat_bling twitter is about to go under maintenance 
downtime on twitter 
@twitter, don't be an arsehole please 
@vientohalcon twitter maintanence 
kinda blown....twitter was down via internet for bouta hr....yahll coodnt follow me  lmao...
back on twitter..europe was amazing!!!! now unpacking 
bye twitter 
did the twitter downtime fuck up tweetdeck? i keep getting booted 
i need a new twitter application. tweetdeck started being a fart 
tried and my twitter still wont let me reply 
@imneverfull i think you will prolly need to change ur twitter password. 
@EWBfanclub aww don't go  and why don't you like taht twitter??
testing out the selective twitter app that i just added... i still really don't get why twitter is such a big deal  #fb
signing up to twitter cause i have to for uni 
i cant deal with the fact that sms texting for twitter is down 
#haveyouever lost a twitter follower 
what is wrong with my twitter..sum thang aint right.. 
can't wait for my -finished my essay!! twitter 
@tnrainbeau omg im not getting any tweets either!! wtf is up with twitter??  haha
oooooooooh god. rupert grint, make a twitter  pleeeease, for me *-*
I still have NO cable lololol  maybe every1 n twitter should take up a missionary fund 4 me lololololol
im starting not to like twitter anymore...its boring 
I forgot I even made a twitter acount! haha. Going bed...my sunburn is still bothering me 
@jessicabalicki aww I hope your ok twitter pal 
@glorianatheband @taylorswift13 i'm so upset i didn't get the message from gloriana on twitter at the maryland concert   
@lucakhouri94  how comes ? mabe evicting twitter from ur life will help?
Im gona b without Twitter for a whole week 
my twitter isn't working, sorry my followers 
Wondering why im not getting any updates from twitter on my cell 
I can never remember my twitter password 
how do you change your picture on twitter from tweetdeck?? i had to go to the web to change 
@mishacollins U pulled out of the twitter thingy   .....
gahhhh.. im so angry.. my hiptop isnt letting me go on the net.. i think im addictedto twitter 
Any #facebook users out there had any luck getting their #twitter feed into their profile? The #rss reader in fb is rubbish 
@intrepidteacher woah, how long have you had a twitter account? I only have 647 updates. 
has no twitter stalkers 
Wish someone would integrate twitter wit orkut..orkut's borin without twitter 
just got twitter aaah so confused! 
has no mates on twitter 
i look fat in my new twitter photo. 
i give up  stupid twitter... meh
Pq nao consigo acc  ninguem no meu twitter!!!?  
@AnnaBaby8388 I'm chillin we should get up, and idk angie D twitter 
i need a pic for twitter n i cnt put 1 on at the mo 
twitter is messed up on my computers 
@Rutzzz sorry to tell u but zac efron does NOT have a twitter account  but hiiiiii rutahhh
@csi_printchick i reread your post and i interpreted it wrong, but fawkin twitter.com won't let me delete it 
dont know how to use twitter 
i dont understand twitter how the hell do you use it  im going now twitter borin me xx
tweetin about how twitter isnt twittering my tweets.. 
is asking peopel to join twitter and add her 
my twitter is really making me angry 
me no likey rich fulcher on twitter the funny don't translate 
twitter upsets me 
twitter hates me it wont let me have a display pic.  aww
twitter scares me. 
@VirtualAlex i don't think you're following me  I don't understand this whole twitter btw, but i'm trying!
has deleted fucking facebook..agian.. guess its twitter for me naw.. 
i want more twitter friens  maybe if i add miley cyrus i'll gain 1000000 new followers hahhahahahahaha
twitter fox no me va 
steph should get a twitter so i can follow her 
@hanpatton i miss our twitter discussions about ennis 
twitter has been getting pretty boring  thats sad (
bloquearam o twitter no meu trampo 
I am starting to give up on twitter text... they really need to fix it 
@DavidFideler I know that. I want to know WHY it was picked on twitter, facebook, etc and no one can't answer that  #iranelection
My twitter is being weird  The little reply button won't cooperate!
so distracted by twitter + youtube when i reaaaaaaally should be studying for my double exam tomr ahh 
twitter confuses me 
hmm twitter not holding my follow.. 
oh noez i changed my default and twitter is being so gay i can't change it back 
any one plz be my frd m here new n m very confused how to use this twitter 
michael cera's twitter is an impostor!!  so i guess i can delete twitter lol
@therealGlambert yay u got a twitter finally.. i was sick of sending messages to posers  lol
@camelthcynic I know  dude why do we talk thur twitter..? lol why don't we text LOL
@TeeFly if adam is currently on twitter...he knows about it. I'm sure matty has seen it  #dannygokeyislove
i think my twitter is broken  well goodnight twitter peeps.
i wish amanda would follow me on twitter i feel left out 
ajarin main twitter 
I wish my sas was back on twitter 
will be going to run some errands. with a hurting 'pus-on'.  tc twitter world.
trying to find beth on twitter and failing 
twitter took down #gokeyisadouche  W/E, it was beautiful while it lasted, bbs. 
@rdang idk, we trended #ontd once and they removed that too. they hate us, i guess. we need democracy on twitter, too 
is so bored in ict and stupid twitter isn't working - it won't let me follow anyone 
@AureliaNg hi A2 baby! mizzoo.  must meet me up soonz. :&gt; twitter rocks!
@gloryofthelord for some reason i did NOT get your twitter broadcast to me  but thanks! hmmmm that's weird (daaarn twitter lol).
@inzamamc ROFLMAOOOOOOOOO. its ok. nm you? god twitter confuses me 
starting up on twitter... omg 
@Dryluck you're my only family member on twitter 
cant really be bothered with twitter 
twitter makes my pc slow..huuuhu 
if somthing is weird  on my twitter its andrea doing it!!! 
@Edeeeeen yeah my twitter was fucked up 
 @va_songstress broke my twitter..
eeeee..... twitter web looks really weird now 
@miguelstdancer you forgot judd and jones  miss them here in twitter ..
what tha facckk why are my tweets deleting themselves? i hate my twitter 
this is strange  i dont think i like twitter!! xx
dosent know how twitter works lol 
omg. i think im twitter addict.noooooo 
miley needs to start tweeting again 
@LisatotheW what happened to you?? You are REALLY letting twitter-peeps down!!! 
trying to figure out how to flamin use twitter 
facebook twitter app not updating my status 
i miss my twitter app 
apparently boost will not support twitter sms 
hmmm twitter is realy borin  mehhhh
#inaperfectworld i would have my old twitter account bac... @steve298 
I dont like the twitter quizes!!!  They dont give ya enough choices!!  
awwww twitter ppl... pebblez &amp; BamBam is sick now... 
But I forgot to put twitter app back on 
twitter is not conducive to comedy gold 
@heltershelter i thk u should tweet @kittymac84 shes only gone and left us,been neglecting her twitter page  
can't get used to this twitter malarkey 
@felipematheuscs nem o twitter me salva mais 
der isnt many irish ppl on twitter 
@duffysayshello yeah twitter is being slow 
ugh had to start over because an effin virus attacked my twitter 
@uglycoat nope not yet  #saveontd #saveontd #saveontd #saveontd #saveontd #saveontd #saveontd #saveontd omg i am spamming my own twitter
@jjuntamed25 awww  so how r u on twitter if ur in the car?
@danadearmond aww really? I thought u had a seperate twitter acct just for pics, I miss your good pics 
twitter sucks 
@PunkyTheSinger im not hip to the twitter game. im like the only nigga on twitter who is active on 2 accounts  gimme a break
gentee, tem twitter em portugues ? to me matando aquii 
I can't see ppl's momentiles anymore on twitter  read a lil now goin to beddy.
@beqbeq - i fuckin hate steven. why my twitter 
@YUNGMULLABUNNY I dont like how I kinda put u on 2 twitter and u dont write me no more 
@mahreeahh complained how she gets too many twitter texts from me. 
@peterfacinelli when I told @WheatyGirl about the number, she got http://twitpic.com/7rzaf.. I think we brokes your twitter  lol
Morning twitter, just got out of shower and im cold 
im a bad twitter 
@itsabeta I hate to say it, but at almost 3am in the morning, turning our twitter avatars green is the best we can do for now 
now on twitter,  yeah.... ?......  
I have no freinds on twitter 
@EllePea52983 i HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTEEE twitter porn scams.. they keep following me.  how've you been?
@EllePea52983 i HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTEEE twitter porn spammers.. they keep following me!  how've you been?
visithraa...u and peeps forgot me no?...so sweetly i made a twitter ka account 
i think i might like my twitter app...twidroid wasnt alertin me anymore 
@studentbeans you're links from twitter never seem to work for me anymore  weird...
I've registered my mobile device on twitter. But I can only send msg from device to twitter and not receive msg from twitter. 
ok so i've gone down 2 257 followers now and twitter is stuffin up 4 me!!! 
on twitter in the car &amp; its soo freezing here 
wicked! buh bye twitter 
Trouble is, I may have been sucked into twitter. I still think it's stupid though.  I'm going out for bird provisions 
i can not connect my twitter to facebook..hmm  no gooood
@nakedxa so. true. remember when he posted a blog about not having a bday post at absolutepunk?  martin hates twitter! LOL i forgot that.
just got welcomed from twitter.. not really as cool as msn though 
@MsJerzi my uber twitter acting up 
@Kekeluvsday26 me too  but twitter keeps me entertained
@peterfacinelli  twitter cheated... you had more than that before the meltdown...
@katrchrdsn I can't find the follow on my twitter feed for @team_seattle!    I may have to wait til I can actually log into twitter! 
I'm in twitter jail... again!! 
i need a quuality threshhold on my twitter 
Ughhh.... I was almost in twitter jail 
twitter mobile fails  just sent txt and not come through lol
twitter -- im bored 
Still confused about twitter.  I can't find myself or my girlfriend on here.    makes me sad.
looks like i may have to change my twitter name........  http://bentumbrella.blogspot.com/
I'm sad cuz I always been sending messages to @mcflyharry (even when he wasn't using twitter) and he DOESN'T reply me  I'm a loseeeer :'(
@tommcfly ahh i was getting really upset with the lack of tweets  anyway you should write a song about twitter and how your obssesed! xx
i am trying to find shia labeouf's twitter 
 ... ...I don't wanna get rid of twitter  You guys are too cool...
has started to neglect her twitter  will be trying to give it the attention it deserves...
My twitter looks jacked up. 
@justinbieber just heard u on mix! so u say u like twitter but u never reply to anyones tweets 
Wait. Why are these twitter pics green? I thought mine was just messed up 
no entiendo el twitter 
james thinks twitter is stupid 
just joined twitter. too late for a techie 
This is lonely being on twitter and not being a famou celebrity 
twitter confuses me. 
stoopid twitter wnt let me reply!!!!! 
I've just found out that twitter's functions are too simple to delete a tweet i've just posted--OR i don't know how 
my twitter app isn't working 
@emilyishere121 oh cool! Im sorry my sis said I just broke a Twitter rule  lol im new to this.
updating from twitter.locked out of facebook.dunno what happened.cant login to facebook  might hav to create new account. agggggrrrrrrr
i've been neglecting twitter lately by accident.. i hate being so busy. 
@robTomPattinson i thuoght robert doesn't have a twitter 
I should delete my twitter, you guys, I'm just torturing you all with my crap 
i'm neglecting my twitter  BOOHOO lolz... so who's up?!
@drewoodard its twitter! im limited by my word count 
@ItsDeniss  that sucks. hahah it;s funny twitter is the new text 
___im so upset twitter 
I miss my myspace, my blog, my ym, my twitter.. Owh man.. 
@jejisjei I never could find a twitter tutor. 
tweeting as @picamp cos twitter search doesn't pick up @paul0evans1 
 uber twitter on my blackberry is NOT working!
doesnt have any freinds on twitter how sad!!! 
@iraveesh dude where r ya..no twitter for past 2-3 dayss..i was really waitin for your reply.. 
My twitter droid ain't working right 
@loopylou15 clair said that she cant make it . Shes on msn but its not letting he on twitter 
@buhrayaaan twitter limit. aaaaaah.  i'm upset. :|
@jazzyfbabyyy you don't tweet me either!! I thought we were in this twitter crap togetheeeeer!! 
can't find her mummy on twitter  xD
@Hannzzz I agree with ryan. thats why i got a seperate facebook and why i took my picture off twitter, too 
Just started up this twitter account. Not really sure how much I'll be able to use it. I don't have sms on my blackberry... 
@MonicaHluv u must have insomnia too lol I hadda retire from twitter and still couldn't sleep til like 415 
Chillaxing, liking facebook more than twitter 
@DayDiaz she deleted her twitter  idk why /: g2g ttyl.
I'm saddend to have to learn more about @chris_barone's life from twitter than from him 
@plastichandgun it posts on twitter and tumblr separately. 
@donnieklang why do I always read about ur shows at the last min lol, I need to check twitter more often. It's pouring out 
Still cant pics into the twitter feed, have 2 go 2 links 2 see  @tweed
@shinkouchou Naww, you're not bitchy!!  I understand what you mean completely, Twitter isn't for LENGTHY convos between two people &lt;&lt;;ily2
twitter deck nt working on my laptop.. 
I can't type ur twitter name on my fone k  but I was attempting making tht noise. And I culdnt even think how to write it
twitter is being a bitch! had to make a new profile 
my twitter wish, is to have at least one celebrity im following...to reply to me after i replied to them...but it'll never happen 
IDK  LOL  sitting on my grass  and on twitter duh
Wishes she knew how to use twitter 
im having a twitter withdrawl, i just cant ffunction like i used to.   damn these busy weekends 
learning how to use twitter O_o such a techie nube  lolz
aun no entiendo twitter 
@ultraviolet5 SO annoying this twitter bizz....still not able to follow 
My mobile twitter cient stopped working 
@kaitlinx  what happened? text me if its too personal for twitter?
@twitter why are so many display pics green?  i don't understand 
@JonasWorld tell joe to go on twitter i miss him 
me deixaram sozinho no twitter /cry 
doesent understand this twitter shit?! 
crunk at daraaaas (: just got twitter lol ... dizzy&lt;3 
I'm tired  goodnight twitter and @bruhq
no ! cam to mi twitter party 
@shayna21 well maybe it didn't work idk... Hopefully you won't have to delete your twitter and start over 
sleeep now? worrying about the twitter worm. depressed 
idk if i like twitter anymore. shes killing it for me 
didn't think i'd find you here at twitter... weird...  don't worry, i won't follow you... it's just... weird...
@FUCKCITY hey andy! I miss your replies on twitter  how are you doing?
@DrrckJd89 : yup, no emoticons in twitter.. bete.. 
i'd better keep this short...twitter's confusing sometimes 
I have jus given in2 twitter  shal see how it goes from here....
@KalebNation thanks for posting that how to spot a fake twitter blog. I was following @OfficalTL. 
For those who joined twitter following my invite i would like to say sorry 
im bored now  dont feel like going twitter hopping, so im twitter-spamming! 
i still confuse use this twitter.... 
@kirslo stop talking about food on twitter    I'm cravin' me some lil' ceasars pizza now!
still learn twitter-ing.. gimana sih? nga ngerti 
omg   twitter is too hard for me    why doesn't it  show  all my followers? when I click the 'followers' button, it only show only 3 or 4.
I'm goin 2 twitter rehab 
eu fico louco com tanto link no twitter 
@YoungQ funny video... btw why did CrunchyK leave twitter??? 
I miss my old twitter  fking spam had to kill it
just got twitter  its all bre's fault ; this is retarded!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
looking for my hubby on twitter but I can't find him 
@IranRiggedElect I think you should erase this after or else gvt sees this too in twitter 
is boredd avec twitter &amp; tiffany &amp; joshh are being meann 
http://twitter.com/TigerWoodsWorld/status/2281252700 He drove well Never seen him putt so badly! 
twitter sucks because it is only showing @DaveyMuise &amp; @ryan_AFTB as my followers when i have 10 
@amee_grobler gina will not buy us @miley_cyrus tickets  also, im positive that when i first joined twitter, her and @selenagomez were
I have tried to follow 4 new ppl and its not saving to my twitter?? 
twitter hates me so.... what eve  
@MOViN997 u didnt put the word to text on your twitter 
@KHOPJackPaper I second that vote.. no more spiedi!!  P.S. you don't follow me on twitter..and it hurts! 
@samilives4music oh sami! I asked michael buckley on twitter if he got our video on your account twice! he hasnt answered 
hwaaaaaaahhh, confuse using twitter  apa emang Ndeso yaaaa?
Fonedoesnt wor wth twitter 
@brokerkathy wow that sounds better then my twitter client 
@flyingbolt my followers keep showing ppl adding me but i don't see the new ppl  stupid twitter!
@kezza_marie argggghh why can't I do this correctly!So far not liking twitter  x x x
uh not a fan of twitter what the hell is it about 
@samanthabates ye im the same and im also getting mail saying i have new followers but there not comming up on twitter 
is getting to terms with twitter, but still finds it very confusing 
twitter is beng gay! it won't let me change mt pic! 
i miss callin to trey songz he could have been followin me on twitter 
Feeling sad looking at brand new twitter page with no followers and hardly any updates 
@itz_cookie Im mad at that too. Why arent u happy outside of Twitter mami? It aint because of ol boi, is it? 
ahhhh I missed twitter it's been soooo long 
checking out twitter. i lovvvvve facebook with all my heart and i feel like im betraying it 
Mannn I gotta confession 2 make...I can't say it ova twitter 
why wont twitter text me? 
Oh hell... all of twitter is going to sleep!? 
twitter is not good to insomniacs 
@untrainedninja hes v cute have fun following! u should get a twitter acc for ollywolly! now i wana a kitty too 
i wish i can open twitter in my cellphone 
twitter isn't enough against bullets and axes 
@computerexo she block the first twitter 'tai kwau tao' 
dead in twitter. 
wont let me upload a new twitter pic 
@kassy4 well I like it but @anthonyblears isn't too keen  It pretty much looks like my twitter photo actually!
Morning twitter land !! i miss kristin so much 
identi.ca is impersonating twitter today 
Just joined twitter.. dont have a clue how to use it  xx
sumthings wrong with my twitter  im so sad right now 
I saw @oxfordgirls latest twitter in  #iranelection and tears welled. So happy you are ok. Didnt realise how worried I was. persiankiwi 
need wayway , not that she can even see this  .  lalala becoming a twitter addict much?? nahh, just bored . and duno wat to do
@dnalysis I wonder why you can't follow me  That's so wierd! Twitter confuses me a lot! Btw, love actually and memento = WIN!
d'oh haven't watched #masterchef yet and twitter updates have spoiled it for me 
twitter is so shit yeah mannnnn, buhhhhh i can't get on facebook 
@ivana706 i managed to register, then sent a couple of sms to update my twitter,but they never appeared... :s ne razbiram zosto... 
i still dont realy get this twitter  wat am i supposed to do? lol
never leave twitter opened on your phone if you have ppl like marc around  ignore the last tweet from 'me'
what I don't get is The Guardian has thousands of twitter followers but I seem to be the only one standing up for twitter. Lonely 
thort id join twitter and see what is all abou b4 i go to work and leave the sunshine 
@GGGKeri twitter is notorious for it's bugs right now 
@rachelbruce twitter seems to have cut off the url, getting a page not found 
I think I may make my twitter account private for awhile. I am getting deluged by spammers thanks to yesterdays freaking retweet 
i am ill atm  on twitter and looking at all ice hockey stuffage
@CarolinaMama not yet, but it looks like they are having a twitter problem? Then again, I hope they aren't fake orbitz and we got fooled 
oh my god!! that was chevasia again. i'm about to change the password to our twitter ! that's what i get for sharing a twitter with 5 ppl 
@Megzx me too! ah i'm so depressed  this girl on my twitter has a reply from doug and now tom!
@cookiedorksx3 babiii  we need to talk soon! when u get on at yt, or twitter or msn SAYY xD cause later i'll be on ;D ilusm
scratch that last twitter... i am worried just worried.  ugh
ugh, all my pics r too bog 4 twitter 
@tommcfly ah, congrats mr fletcher for finally joining twitter 
I'm too much of a twitter lurk to use this. I will anyway, though. 
@ummahfilms bro update your twitter link at youtube, its twitter.com not tweeter.com 
no more fever! celebrating by getting into twitter! yey! 
@munche yay for following me!  I'll try me best to entertain the shit out of you via twitter 
@heiko Yes, she is  http://twitter.com/sevinnyne6126
And if you want privacy what you are you doing on twitter??? 
If twitter is now a verb, then the past tense of twitter would be twat 
igoogle twitter for the win! Thanks @willhowells 
@randomgal - depends on if you like twitter or not 
@Adium is now on twitter. 
figuring out facebook, and adding twitter celebs 
@xsophiejane malese answered my question on twitter! check it outt  on malese her twitter it's about youu !
is watching balamory, and still waiting for ness to find me on twitter 
hello twitter! 
@RebeccaLange I've missed you too!  http://twitter.com/RebeccaLange/status/1468051190
@KarenTweet I can't talk about it yet.  http://twitter.com/KarenTweet/status/1468042230
is a twitter noob 
doesn't like twitter much, soz bbs 
@Lottiotta  I now suspect the twitter pics might be due to their website designer, mayhap...
http://twitpic.com/2xe00 - @aplusk sorry, i did't mean 2 misspellllll ur twitter name... 
keeps forgetting to update twitter - i hope MFYG isn't too mad with me  miss u!
getting to grips with twitter 
Twitter is my homeboy  fuckyeah, texxt? Pe is boring..
@RufusHound @glinner I should add that the firefox plugin 'Power Twitter' is highly recommended!   http://bit.ly/Lz2kT
@Fergieofficial yo chiki whats happenin??? good to see you on twitter 
@JasonBradbury when will the twitter episode be shown? 
@hdm42 use twitter less and you'll never know. 
@storylet yes, it is (can't leave twitter to watch tv haha) too much noise! maybe you're right, i'll think about disconnect them.  again 
@aplusk heyy i just saw you on E!news for your twitter!!! haa  congrats
@ludajuice i like luda's twitter status   loved the concerrttt
@newfoundthomas well i loved twitter anyways 
Is watchin @aplusk and @iamdiddy on @cnnbrk talk abt twitter!!!! 
@aptlydamned http://twitter.pbwiki.com/Hashtags 
@aplusk hey  congrats on gettin one million friends on twitter that's awsome 
is packing, cleaning, and watching movies! is my twitter working? 
just started the twitter adventure 
@scorpfromhell all the #yaymen on twitter  --&gt; http://baxiabhishek.info/yaymen/
@MandyyJirouxx check out our miley support twitter we only have 9 followers tought cuz i just made it 
@leafsweetie i am on twitter  seee!
still hasn't figured out why twitter?!?!? ohh ya twitter is a cool word!! 
twitter...jitter...all the same 
sign twitter 
still on kash's twitter  lol..shes going to be maddd
@ianmax69 you got twitter!@ yeeee  ..i'm off to dinner twitterrr later kk ,bye
@jamieplanetx jaaamiiieeeee!  hows it goooin? do u just live on twitter btw?! 
losing my twitter virginity 
@aplusk Your awesomeness definitely has not changed since meeting you years back  It's great to follow you on twitter!!
@bailann I &lt;3 your twitter profile pic  so glam!
my 1st twitter 
just set up my twitter page  the ball has started rolling now, lol
Heey finally got twitter  goin' to sleep
@aplusk Congrates on being crowned twitter king.  Yesterday i joined after waching oprah and seeing u talking about twitter.  
@nicky_power if you're truly addicted to twitter. you should link your facebook and your twitter together. update one and it does both 
@perfectdenial i had a ring on waaaay b4 twitter was even invented 
on faceboook  twitter is awesomeness.
this random twitter update is to all my followers...I LOVE u guys. ur awesome. i never wud of thot i cud get this many  hehe  \,,/ kamryn
Sleepyyy ahhh  heheh add me on myspaceee url is on my twitter profile
hi im learning how to use twitter 
Sry i have neglected Twitter  i feel bad! works been crazy but im on now 
2/2  on your like twitter account so like yah. 
@strattt hey burt!  great twitter handle.  
signed up to twitter. kill me 
@JennJawbreakerx heyy babbiee &lt;3 twitter is simply ahhmazing! tweet me back 
@jzellis i saw yer misadventures here on twitter, are you... are you lookin to get there? 
@TheBloggess that is one.... uhm.... creative twitter badge 
@shmulyt http://twitter.com/aplusk  ...  i'm waiting for you to catch up to him in followers... 
just made twitter and tumblr bro 
@matthewkerr hello matthew..welcome to my (little) twitter 
dis iz ma first vomit in twitter .. 
ngetes update status @twitter... 
@misscassiek oh and apparently if u download tweetdeck u can use facebook and twitter together. I dunno I'm still learning 
I am wiriting my first twitter message now! 
new avatar and twitter page!  probably won't stay long...
it works!!!!! add twitter@aaronsplace.co.uk to your msn 
@laundrymat haha its cooool  tuyet says im not cool enough for twitter :L
Should I plurk? Or stick to twitter? lemme think.. I like plurk for its awesome colours. But twitter is simplicity...  nvm gdnite 
@HDTVCameraman thats the beauty of twitter search  tnx again 
@DirtyRipper charlie have you worked out twitter yet 
Not one for me to follow   http://twitter.com/tweetus_christ
@kdull  eu recomendo o twitter fox 
@trase1054  twitter freaking rocks
@GwopGettasENT it's the twitter program for ya blackberry 
Watching friends slowly catch up and move to and leverage Twitter... Btw to follow me more frequently follow @boomerangdata 
one more click from two bucks  http://twitter.com/StudioFairy
looking for some twitter freinds 
I got my twitter berry to work! 
Getting our twitter theme started for now, also working on the new website . . .  
loves his twitter buddy pam 
@Bighaps step your twitter game up bro 
wow .. all my twitter full of m2mirza's ... the load balancing does not work 
@AdelinaTM  cool.  what's her twitter? D
@ShastaSeidel omg you have a pic up now!  you've come to the twitter side 
@GTChappell i thought twitter was beneath you  you clown
@lady_sackville jajajaja... elearning con twitter 
@johncmayer hey john mayer.. I joined twitter because i heard you're a fan... thanks.. 
@Jennymac22 addict of twitter, but cmon i aint that bad am i 
figuring this whole twitter thingy out! 
thinking that's its great that britney's ghost writer is following on twitter! i feel so honoured! 
updating my twitter and my fb 
Clearly all of twitter is jealous of kevin 
twitter, twitter, pumpkin eater 
@dougiemcfly nah, danny and harry are the losers. You at least update your twitter regularly 
learning how to use twitter...thinking I'm gunna like it 
hey guys..this is my twitter page... a little boring bcuz my mates dont use twitter 
lmao listening to ralph rant &amp; rave about twitter... 
Just joined twitter to see what all the fuss is about 
Guess who's on twitter? @britneyhouston 
@craigsbeardwax probably what happened  now all I have to do is get twitter to verify, just sent the code now, oh well, I'm happy 
is new in twitter. holla me back guys. thanks 
finally join twitter!! ^o^ *padahal kemaren2 males krn udah punya plurk* 
tryin to learn how to use twitter 
@cmeintjes &quot;tweetie for twitter&quot; huh? i'd hope tweetie doesn't work for facebook as well... 
the twitter wishlist: http://twtwlst.com/ 
@hellybellieee hi helly, you stink. when did you get a twitter?  woooot
@mrboo excellent ton twitter run 
@RyanCLucas ahh yes the baine of my twitter existence 
I'm a twitter virgin 
has realised that twitter doesn't allow you to shorten your own url's 
supp twitter-ites? 
@Superadre the stars are on twitter, plurk is addicting. 
@KalebNation hahaha twitter is indeed very addictive!  great video!
creatiiing my twitter even i dont know alot  about it but im trying 
@dmonzel lucky  she can just check your twitter and find out what you've said..or mayyyyyyybe shes watching you now lol
Im glad I figured out Twitter 
Oh and btw i looove how my sleve is commimg out! *glee*    anyways  goodnight twitter.
got my twitter more to my style now... 
Aw yeah.. ha, this is So cool  and i've done that before :/ ouch... And my twitter is Lanabanana3
@cheapshades yep! but with the power of twitter, it should be a landslide! 
@bananafancy too much spamming re ..  u almost flooded by twitter page ..  everywhr i m seeing a banana ..  
chester has a twitter  this is so cool!!!
I'm getting sleepy but I'm so hooked on twitter now.  This is great!  
@EssenceofHealth um can you follow me please? i'm still trying to figure this twitter twittering out! 
@sylverboi hey cous! it's good to see ya on twitter 
Omgggg at twitter being awesome  lol.
off to watch some frontline twitter  later.
@nuttyhazelnut i just realised we can write each other on twitter!  ahhhh
Should be sleeping but instead are tweeting or twittering? idk which one to use, not real familiar with the twitter lingo yet 
tryin' to learn twitter 
hello twitter 
is a newbie in using twitter! 
bom dia twitter 
@Laurenx_x hey yay u have twitter  x
@TheMonkeyBoy hehe I know I'm bad. I need to get a life away from twitter hehe. you know you love 
@MissBethAnn  red ur twitter pg and saw how much we have in common.  That's really cool, that hardly ever happens.  
@lloydbelleza lloyd! welcome!  kat's also here in twitter!
twitter rocks 
my mommy has twitter, yaaaay 
hoje no em movimento passou uma materia sobre o twitter ! (: so much cool, i like too much ! 
oh shit! i don't know how this twitter works 
@chief999 you too! I'm excited you got a twitter! 
just trying twitter plugin for twitter  http://tr.im/kj0d
@helium_ hahaha, you're made him get a twitter?  yay!  
lol...... @punkythesinger i wouldnt mind.....  btw......do u txt or jus twitter?
@mootoo tenfans must stick 2gether on the ttt website &amp; twitter 
Getting in to twitter.  Far to late for me up be up.. I'm in!_manana  
@ohhiamjeffrey ive never seen it.. but i trust you! well im off to the club. hold it down on twitter for me 
is sleepy but has to do homework now...ill twitter tmrw 
my twitter is covered in cupcakes!  look at my profileee.
new acc on twitter 
checkin out the twitter buzz...  
forgot I was on twitter 
opera noskheye 4.02 ro goshim update shod. pish be soye twitter 
@mileycyrus heyy miley. allison iraheta has got a twitter!  i havent seen u follow her, so just in case u didnt know! @AllisonOfficial 
(via @paulaboardman) @checkers - she looked like a cross between denise and ozzy  http://twitter.com/paulaboardman/statuses/1686296573
um, so...twitter officially sucks. No need to follow me, im only using this account to update my facebook status through txt 
refuses to use twitter...psht. 
just had an email mentioning the new jonas brothers tour dates  congrats em!! nice twitter hehe
@alyssaamazingg wow! you're actually using twitter. i thought you'd just quit, but you didn't. yay!  btw, you have ten followers, hah.
@CrazyKinux sorry i don't have any alts on twitter 
@westham999 the wave of twitter love 
@MsConfident lol nah I left twitter land for a few but I'm back now  I miss my chatheads..how are u?
@kylmock whats the score twitter whore? 
im rather enjoying this twitter malarky 
trys to combine twitter with facebook  #fb
so glad twitter also works in germany :] follow me 
I dedicate my 2000 tweet to @electrosaur the only guy in my sch who is on twitter  and all my other followers you are great!
@traciepetro what is greater is that my kitchen does not yell at me on twitter. lol 
hello twitter 
@tradingnothing I was on twitter once before, its ok. you don't remember me .....................boooo hoooooo....sniff sniffle 
@Jonasbrothers Wow, that's awesome! Sounds really interesting, can't wait to see it! And thanks for stopping by twitter again 
@olobersykes thats what twitter does to you, brings boredom. listen to some filth usually works 
Is going to start depending on twitter, because im a tool  whoo.
http://blog.gafanhoto.com.br/?p=92  twitter no celular!    Yes, we can!
Is starting to like twitter kinda LOL goodnite ! 
Y!:secret admirerers are stalkers with stationary  http://twitter.com/thequeenwifey
Wow i just found out 2 ppl from my church have a twitter! They twitterunderstand! 
I just changed my avatar to go along w my new layout!   http://twitter.com/blakenetizen
Just registred on twitter.com  yeah!
Bonjour twitter  How are you doing, comment allez-vous ?
Goodmorning all twitter users! 
@surfnmusicexpo This one!!! LOL  http://twitter.com/BrianViloria/status/1693634501
@ash_7465 hey! you are awesome for being a tegan and sara fan!  follow them on their official twitter @theteganandsara
I joined twitter to stalk my fav celebs... is that weird? 
@fairuzrani hehehe hello!!! how are you? good to see you on twitter!! 
@ Nickchien @chaubella_ i am happy to break my twitter virginity with you two. 
@nickchien @chaubella_ i am glad to break my twitter virginity with you two. 
@cathjenkin when I see all the moms' on twitter and their tweets, I know its gonna be worth ir 
@adelinaxx YAY to som1 i no on twitter...slowly slowly rest of the grade will come around...hah  i hope ur ready for my constant tweets!!
http://twitter.com/djc_yana ~ yeah. haha! why? 
talking to sam on msn, twitter is so 5 minutes ago 
@nm you're fine - trying to kill off the bots and retweets in a bid to be the least popular person on Twitter. Btw, who are you ?? 
@BELLION1988 thought u said twitter was crap bellion? 
follow me aswel !!!!!!!! if u have twitter, follow me lool !! www.twitter.com/djarka  koool
still a newbie in twitter! 
yeah  just made twitter
checkin twitter out! 
im joining twitter  lol
@christian792 LOL we're such twitter addicts 
http://twitpic.com/4wc1k - jake is signing up for a twitter! 
just sending a twitter from the club! i twittered u 
So twitter is a journey now.  well, okay.
@liadoria nat has a twitter acct! 
We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off 
@reesnicole We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off 
@gio511 We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off 
@TMZaol We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off 
@GlobeInsurance We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off 
@questlove  ok just between U and me  and all of  our  followers on twitter what do U really think of @jimmyfallon ? lol 
finally got a twitter  follow me tweets &lt;3
@jacquelinesteps Thanks!  Actually, when I first got my twitter, my pictures wouldn't upload either. But they upload, it just takes a
cynthia and jenny are spamming my twitter! haha 
@reags_ that's why twitter rocks! 
@blackmantra yes indeed!  nice to see you on twitter! Why do you ask? xx
@Jadeyyg http://twitpic.com/4wrxq - whens your little gingg getting twitter ? from g + j 
noghty night twitterific twitter tweeting pals 
@stephenTiano Esp with Twitter access! the party NEVER stops - even &quot;at nite&quot; cuz it's always daylight &quot;somewhere&quot; around the world! 
@sruthykumar hahaha totally  yaayy i don't feel so alone on twitter 
@toreo that's cuz you're cruising the twitter #nightshift now 
I'm a twitter-er 
Im relocating to my bed to Twitter some more!! I mean do my assignments.... 
@ComedyQueen gdgd and i no it will, b gd if the whole of twitter started using it lolage  #TwitterTakeover
Getting off of Twitter so I can actually enjoy the day!  So excited, I get to choose EVERYTHING today &amp; I dare you to question me  LOL
@hanaames That's exactly what I look for in a twitter  Mostly because it reflects me. I am procrastinating from grocery shopping =(
just joined twitter, wow! finally, now lets see what all the buzz is about 
Twitter on iphone , not bad but.... I cant search people? Im gonna try to go to ghe full site 
wassup bros?sorry my twitter account pass got lost but im back 
Just designed pigeon's twitter for him 
bye twitter 
@brendyn yes, i am still on twitter 
Just installed a new twitter app for android called twitterRide. I think I like it 
@igortizz sitting in bed, texting someone, thinking, and messaging u thro twitter which iz fun 
i should be making my bed, but im on twitter. go figure! 
adding the girls from the fc here on twitter 
will be uploading a profile picture. like FINALLY  need to get people on Twitter. *tweet!*
We can all choose a channel and comment over twitter 
@ElisabethRappe is following me on twitter...plus 20 exp 
@d1vya do you realize youre my twitter version of google! you save me everytime! love you!! 
yay yay coplifters dah ada twitter  http://twitter.com/theshoplifters
I was curious about twitter so I signed up to check it out, but facebook kicks it's ass as far as I can tell. Even myspace is more fun. 
@jensen_ackles i just joined today! and yay for getting a twitter! misha has one too 
trying to figure out this twitter thang 
@ShemilyEonka: hey! you have a twitter! 
@alandavies1 ...Does your neighbour know about your twitter shenanigans? lol 
@lsawyer17 you have officially made me a twitter-er..haha i love that we are sitting 2 ft away and using this to communicate 
whoohoo i can now update twitter with text 
goodbye twitter. i will probably be back on later 
goodnight &amp; sweetdreams twitter. 
@patrickme i can't believe we're chatting on twitter! haha.  btw, is it allen ur talking to?
Updating her twitter for jane!!!!! Loving summer but wishes it was warmer 
having fun finding celebs on twitter! 
@PhelpsAnonymous thNx 4 following my twitter acc. 
@mProCreation thNx 4 following my twitter acc. 
@film_production thNx 4 following my twitter acc. 
@cheapuggboots thNx 4 following my twitter acc. 
@vivschwarz sending hot lemon via twitter to you 
heh twitter is fun.somehow 
Just uploaded my photo on twitter, yikes!!! No where to hide now!! 
off twitter now! playing with kittens 
@ozbargain Thanks! I read the site, hadn't followed the twitter feed yet! 
@mizzmag haha im on subscription with you.. just read this fortnights and saw ur twitter article and was like WOW mizz has twitter 
@paulmadsen lol! I tried to follow the last one via twitter search but was only mildly successful 
im studying this twitter 
smashingmag is spamming my twitter. in other news, im no longer single 
is on twitter hello 
@gdfather4u  welcome to the wonderful world of twitter...now you soul is forever lost lol jk 
@bbgatoloco wow- im mad late with twitter but yes i was home. 
snice twitter is the new sh!t, ii made one 
@whatkatie_said It's like a twitter but WAYYYY cooler. &amp; they have one cuzzz all of a sudden ethan &amp; maddie got one. so we all stlked. 
@liveshannonlive muhahahha! shannon has joined twitter.! 
@householdhacker follow me if your bored  , imma former mega twitter spammer
@DavidArchie did you know sara bareilles has a twitter?? 
hmmm almost back on twitter and in full effect! 
All my bitches got a twitter 
is making a youtube, stickam, and twitter for my and jessi's retardedness 
is having pancakes with twitter and msn 
please follow https://twitter.com/ilovespeidi_xo 
Pending on the twitter, I type between 61 and 84 wpm. Not too shabby, if I do say so myself. 
hello twitter 
GOODNIGHT TWARLINGS.  *twitter-darlings* I LOVE YOU. ;)
twitter my pussy 
a twitter virgin here. idk, just bear with me 
didnt want to leave twitter haha so im backk and watching the notebook 
I'm a freshman on twitter. 
@flossa tired, but enjoying twitter and green tea. 
@RachelRaeHines thanks for breakfast!!!!  http://twitter.com/JoOrtiz/statuses/1825412922
developing some small twitter app for macs 
making blueberry muffins with the kid for breakfast  http://twitter.com/MommyMoments/statuses/1825698884
im enjoying twitter  and trying to figure how it work  aha
got ittttttt texted to tom, telling him to reply to me on twitter!! ha 
G'mornin twitter doves 
A breakdown on how twitter trends really work  http://digg.com/u13Vjo
joined twitter now l just want ot twitter 
is new on twitter. so hello! 
@szerlem lady u r also on twitter! din know that 
i'm so happy to stay in twitter with all the stars!!  sooo happy!!
@dani3boyz  #nhlwithdrawal: through twitter i imagine? 
i'm on twitter on the wii 
internet back so now i am gonna regulate all the twitter interweb creepahs 
@fayeblanco i think plurk copied the whole twitter concept... twitter is much simpler &amp; that's why i love it  plurk is all abt karma! lol
going for a bath might be back later, bye twitter 
@shermik tegan and sara fan! follow the official twitter @theteganandsara 
my first tweet... after all, i have 5 followers now  too bad there's no mobile twitter in hk
ok getting off twitter..i have no device updates soooo i wont get your tweets  .... yay.
@abdullatef No..can't see them at all..need to use the twitter website 
Salutation twitter 
sorry twitter im trying to get my laptop to work 
hello world!!i had joined twitter and im new here 
@shamhardy That tweet of mine is going to piss some #twitter birds. 
@shelll1904 nikki your on twitter    
bye twitter! 
@cerkdti gracias por responder a #twitter-vs-facebook 
@littleluigi ohhs thats good. on a scale of 1 to 5, how much would you rate it? btw, this is my new twitter 
i love how we are all actively connected, through twitter now   @tyoung @KRIYO @steph0o @WCKAO @grrace88 @megwong
i love how we are all actively connected, through twitter   @tyoung @KRIY0 @steph0o @WCKAO @grrace88
i love how we are all actively connected, through twitter   @tyoung2 @steph0o @WCKAO @grrace88 @KRIY0  (i kept spelling the wrong names)
do you think 140 characters are enough to update myself here in twitter? just wonderin'! 
Is so happy!!!!!! But im still learning how Twitter works!!!! Im so slow!!! He He 
@ShanaeRawlings :O He shoulc totally use his twitter to regain his memory 
I'm supposed to be doing revision but came on twitter instead :S I'm gonna fail so bad! But twitter is addictive 
@MileyRayCyrus93 great if your also a fan of miley then i have a twitter site on miley 2 it's@miley_cyrusfans check it out  my name's ally
hello from twitter 
@TampaBayTraffic every monday is #militarymonday on twitter 
@watsoncomedian I wish I'd known earlier that you had a twitter! One of the most underrated comedians around 
My new business cards arrived today!  Twitter name on them and EVERYTHING!
@renagades I hear ya! It's all I can do to drink coffee and twitter simultaneously 
@gconole pls chk ur direct msg on twitter 
@nickybyrneoffic great 2 c u nicky on twitter..found out on westlife.com &amp; joined up..gettn used 2 it now lukn 4war 2 chkn out ur updates 
off to bed now... and just made a youtube and twitter account for video blogs with my bestie lol goodnight brisbane 
@AnoukAnouk anouk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i was became the one of twitter-er now 
@gellivictor you're finally on twitter  yey!
@coldplay thank you for using twitter! i've been waiting for so long. and ty for LRLRL it's amazing 
goodnight twitter bugs 
i cancelled my friendster... im satisfied with twitter 
I follow kurt the cyberguy on twitter...  tamsen
@juiceee you are one certified twitter addict! lol! 
@missdeebabyy i just saw your twitter! hahaha, jerk! 
@aplusk i am a gr8 fan of u...i am reaalllyy happy 2 c u on twitter.. 
goodmorning twitter babes!!! 
@keza34 awww u are our twitter mum  x x
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - haha you're really into twitter aren't you! 
Just finished doing a clean out  www.dossy.org/twitter/karma/
Teaching james shupert how to use twitter. He's kinda slow 
@Jawukoo heeeey just though id give u twitter lovee 
Just started using twitter  seems fun!
I follow @zaibatsu  because HE is a a classic twitter tweep!  (say that 3 x's fast!)   #FollowFriday
@dopeguhxfresh Haha you need twitter intervention bae 
No wonder you have a twitter 
@valebrity Are there any official jensen ackles or jared padalecki twitter pages? 
Playing around with http://twitter.threadless.com...  I love @threadless and I love @twitter, so this is intriguing... 
#followfriday @BrentSpiner is back and about to start tweeting again - hop on now for the most inventive use of twitter I've read so far 
wo0o on the laptops at school  Twitter is NOT blockedd  Yayy !
since im new  at twitter, i dont know how to do everything here yet, still be reading all infos. 
so im finally joining the twitter world..only cause lauren wanted me to make one 
my head is ringing. still getting to know twitter and facebook. 
Two of my fave twitter gals...us three have a giggle!! @glasgowlassy @karen230683 #followfriday 
is trying to figure what the twitter craze is all about! 
#feckitfriday grrrr cannot be bothered with twitter - who's up for that? 
I like helping out twitter noobs, who dont know how to use twitter, and laugh at the same time 
@salilravindran: is #igate on twitter? I saw one as igate_west... why would they bring their divisions onto twitter? 
convincing shicara to join twitter. ahaha. 
@moonfrye .. I think your seriouly addicted to this twitter!!!  ha ha!  And I thought I was bad. 
@_claragh__b_ wel hows life on twitter? happy twittering.... tweet tweet  xxxx
Just hooked up twitter on my mobile  checking if it works
hello all twitter ppl  I'm back, moahahaha ;)
jodi is also uncool for not having twitter, but i do love her 
I'm stuck with twitter wheter i like it or not. I'm back 
i'll update on twitter later.. im online right now!  come'on lets chat! 
@DayleRobyn cool i'm a following them all... teach me oh wise one, i'm still not getting twitter... 
@kristenstewart9 hey kristen. im such a big fan of you. is this your official twitter? 
@RealWizKhalifa i wonder if you and sledgren ever 3somed a groupie. even if you did you wouldnt say on twitter but thatd be gangsta 
@cheth I see twaceless.. lol. I was reading it as traceless always... @rmilana is twitter tbitten... 
@easysun Another follower added to your twitter. 
twitter ist toll  hehe
@Lozzah8 need to sort yo twitter page out you bore! haha 
@ryan_abe I have my texts from twitter turned off while I sleep  so sad to say I didn't get your shoutout until now 
ohmameeeeeen thats my new twitter 
@sdoocy not much of twitter huh? 
#SaveEarl  i think i did that right? twitter meta-tagging is confusing.. anyhoo i want to know whos the babydaddy 
@alisongrace12 did you made a twitter instead of writing your paper?  i think you did..
i'm off twitter. toodles!  xo
HAHA twitter, i have won this battle, u wont be deleting anymore of my tweets 
@a2sunshine yo neighbour !  you got a twitter i see , prepare to become oddly addicted 
@LtGenPanda &gt; I LOVE your Twitter name, thinking of starting a fan club to fully appreciate LtGenPanda in all it's glory 
uuu...just made my twitter...wooohoo...looks cool... 
@anuskagupta woah :O never really knew that you had a twitter xD anyways,i'm following you 
@renzybenzy woah. you finally have a twitter account. 
following @jessicaclaire and @jsnorwood 's twitter war = hilarious!  
making my sister a twitter  haha lame. jk
YAY i came back on after like a few hrs and twitter had my pix on! 
@LizZang09 yay! you have a twitter!  woo hoo
screw twitter. LETS hi5!! 
@carlosanna there's twitter in the philippines? hah  @heysarahrose hey!
just signed yp for twitter 
destiny's a twitter slut/whore.  cough minus the twitter...
@joelneoh if they are interviewing for the position of 'online research manager', they SHOULD have a twitter acc 
@melissasparks hey thanks! stiupid twitter, i never kno when u're on!  happy friday!
@twasadark hehe i don't need to sign up for the twitter horoscope i just got to read yours ... we are the same 
@jielee what a model.  http://i41.tinypic.com/b93rp.jpg http://twitter.com/seawhy/statuses/1956367344
ok twitter, u know u always help me when I have to sleep but don't want to. so help me 
twitter wh**e HAHA  http://bit.ly/16sdvF
Just making a twitter for my bestfriend! 
cassie, i have one twitter bby  lol.
goodnight twitter... we shall meet again soon 
@b50 maaf karo bhagwaan! . like i said, i din see any other info on it on twitter. if u r going beyond twitter, thats great! m with u! 
@untrainedninja Im so over FB games. Twitter is my fave game now! 
@yoavsegal unfortunately her target audience is neither on twitter nor on facebook, but thanks 
@jinchonghee nope. but why would it need to? have ur fb setup to feed frm twitter, auto update instead. or use fb app, selective twitter 
hello twitter  waiting for @jess_0000 to get here..
@sab5zal twitter then!  Or read the twitter posts by others, you can be amzaed at what they write..
@officialkris yay, a real kris twitter 
My twitterberry still isn't working.    goodnight twitter.  (funnn nighttt)
Finished setting up twitter 
I finally d/loaded twitter for bb 
ONE tweet with the wrong hashtags and I'm being followed by some anti-depression twitter account. 
