Most common words for this cluster:
[('twitter', 917), ('com', 24), ('http', 21), ('picture', 21), ('i', 19), ('phone', 18), ('account', 17), ('profile', 16), ('friends', 16), ('people', 15), ('tweets', 13), ('followers', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Twitter', 0.9999989867210388), (u'twitter', 0.8910306692123413), (u'Twitter.com', 0.7695001363754272), (u'Facebook', 0.766766369342804), (u'tweet', 0.7637596130371094), (u'tweets', 0.7504016160964966), (u'Tweet', 0.7297604084014893), (u'tweeting', 0.7258169054985046), (u'Tweets', 0.71673983335495), (u'TwitterTwitter', 0.7055448889732361)]





@therealnph Twitter hates us both then.  
@onlytosee Twitter's been doing that to me tooo. 
Twitter woke me up 
Twitter is down? 
is not really feeling Twitter at all 
Twitter was down when I went to bed last night.   But now it back and so am I!
I am officially alone on my Twitter 
I just set up a Twitter profile for one of my colleagues and noticed he's got a much more swish sidebar - how do I get that? 
very very busy - not getting a chance to Twitter as much as before 
Twitter was really messed up last night. 
has neglected Twitter of late  I'm sorry twitter *snifs*
Twitter, you wound me 
Twitter has said i have reached my maximum for searches for now. 
I just got my first fail whale...  @Twitter.
I'm getting really lazy with my Twitter updating 
I can't find anyone that I know on Twitter 
Twitter is getting boring. i dont know they hype is dying 
I don't like Twitter. It sucks. I don't get it! 
I've totally forgotten that I have a Twitter account 
I think my Twitter is broken 
@Bauerette I may need you to give me a Twitter tutorial because I've missed all of the replies. They aren't forwarding to my twitterberry 
@Asphyxiah I am  Twitter specifically
I don't understand Twitter 
@nickgotskillz I'm trying to figure out why Twitter doesn't text me updates. 
I want to upload a photo but Twitter won't let me, says it may be too big 
But I don't love that @Twitter has gone mainstream so fast 
@ameym21 @kthxx @ttaasshhaa I hate you guys, thanks for making me obsessed with Twitter 
@wickedlm The Twitter logo doesn't show up anymore for me either 
Twitter is confusing 
wishes maria bamford or patton oswalt were on Twitter 
is having a hard time using Twitter. lol. I don't know how to write MRZCULLEN back 
Trying to find friends on Twitter 
Who should I follow on Twitter? I only follow 21 people 
Twitter isnt sending to my phone 
@Dunkndisorderly nope  you are just a Twitter magnet 
@Twitter I'm sorry, it was an accident.  
I just got my Twitter profile ranked and got 6/10  http://www.twitrank.me
Twitter is pretty much legal stalking....And I like it...even though I onlt have 7 followers. 
Twitter is basically legal stalking...and I like it...even though I only have 7 followers. 
Twitter is on the news 
Ive been ignoring Twitter tonight ...I feel bad about it 
Twitter hate me 
@mizzcatcher Twitter will miss you. 
Long time no Twitter. 
Blocking 2 spam followers... is sad to see spamming on Twitter 
@gkyla Twitter said my picture is too big. 
Twitter is still using my old username not my new one and I stiill can't change it back 
@therobpattinson why you don't write any Twitter??? 
@waxkrayon hey, it seems like Twitter thinks you're not following me, so I can't DM you back  Twitter is flaky like that. :\
is scared  Twitter has changed and I am scared.......
My Twitter profile is worth  $2 http://tweetvalue.com which is very cheap 
trying to get along with Twitter  why I'm doing this? 
Still can't upload a background image to Twitter  #backgroundimage
Twitter won't let me send direct messages.. 
@legendofwayne  All of my Twitter fish left! 
I'm addicted to. . . . . Twitter.  never expected this to happen. Haha.
There's so many spammers on Twitter 
Twitter on fring is ugly 
Twitter, what a lonely place it is tonight 
can NOT understand how this silly Twitter works 
Spammers have discovered my Twitter page 
My excitement at having so many followers has been lessened when 3 of them have been suspended from Twitter... 
I missed Twitter 
great - now Twitter spam! 
I can has tweets? I overtweeted &amp; Twitter kicked me out for end of #savotes. 
I dont get Twitter 
More and more spam followers in Twitter 
I wish I could actually talk to everyone on Twitter, so they could hear my stupid accent 
I am so distressed at being away from Twitter! I can't see what's going on! 
@LizMallett I know   Twitter is so much better!
@lgphotography @DBallardReisch Twitter won't let me upload a new pic for some reason 
Twitter is broken, and I miss it. 
Twitter is acting really weird 
@Chedaboi It has been madness but I couldn't even fully update my Twitter cos it wasn;t working 
I'm really liking Twitter now. No Twitter = 
PC-WARE: No blog, no Twitter account. 
I hate being new to Twitter!! 
@khristopherr  you can't leave Twitter!
@DrJeffersnBoggs  sorry Twitter is sending my tweets everywhere.  
Twitter is so boring  why am I here again??
Twitter is quiet and boring with broken @replies. I miss my voyeuristic one-sided conversations 
@zaneology Wouldn't have made most of the friends I have on Twitter now in this new-Twitter-world you speak of. 
Why can I not open any links on Twitter??  
@rvamedia Twitter is still being a little snarky on my end. 
Twitter wont let me put a pic up 
Twitter limit exceeded? 
Agrees with j. Twitter experiment is put on ice 
Hrmpf, I hate it when Twitter shortens my URLs even though I am below the 140 limit. 
Twitter u suck  !!
@UluvUY Twitter's archives have been somehow cut down to only 3 weeks. 
I don't think I like Twitter, no-ones following me 
Twitter being weird to me again 
thinks that Twitter is boring 
is pissed his mobile is not compatible with Twitter 
Ugh. I've got to stop staying up so late. Twitter is too quiet. 
Twitter... It's hot 
admits that aside from posting an update, I don't know diddly about Twitter.  http://myloc.me/15gZ
Still having issues with this Twitter account. 
Twitter died tonight 
and now that #futuresummit is trending it starts to get invaded by Twitter spam 
I had 9 followers on Twitter, then I checked out. 4 of them were spammers 
says or not. Twitter loves, hard to let go.   http://plurk.com/p/uj414
@OwenC my Twitter account is only worth $29. how disappointing 
Is Twitter becoming a bookmarking site?     @twitter
@SunshineLicious u be cheatin on me too much... Twitter tells all 
Ugh.. I suck at this Twitter business 
Twitter search dead. 
Doesn't know how to operate Twitter 
@aianna21 Twitter stole it from me 
Twitter won't let me chang my picture. 
Twitter won't let me change my picture 
Twitter is becoming a spam jam 
OHHHHOHOHOHO. I forgot that my Twitter existed! 
I fail at Twitter so hard. 
so many social networks to keep up with... i've been neglecting my Twitter 
More local people need to get on Twitter. 
Oh, great.  I suppose it was inevitable I'd get spammed on Twitter, too. 
Twitter is slow! 
Trying to figure out how to use Twitter.......I'm old 
found out that no one he knows is using Twitter. 
doesnt know how to pimp out here Twitter page. 
Twitter is slowing me down today. 
Twitter is sooo quiet today 
Confused about Twitter  everyone on Twitter follow me!
Looks like my Twitter is down 
Trying out a new Twitter client, can't seem to get a new theme applied to DestroyTwitter 
Twitter took my picture away 
@misterjt http://playspymaster.com/, aka scourge of Twitter 
@trentwellman Whyyy does Twitter hate me? 
I can't change my Twitter background 
is getting mad at Twitter. 
@kamiNcali I tried changing my default picture, but Twitter is giving me grief.  
Seriously, Twitter ta morto... c'mmon you guys 
Twitter is so mean! It won't let me change my pic. 
Twitter doesn't like me anymore...It doesn't let me upload a picture  I guess I'll be pictureless :S
Twitter should have more layouts 
@AdamGoldston sorrrryyyyy but it's the best way to describe it. Twitter sucks 
Twitter wont let me make friends 
Twitter is dead  where is everyone?
@ddlovato hey demi =D I answered by the official Twitter so once demi please love you too girl  !!!!
My Twitter profile is worth  $89 http://tweetvalue.com  is that all
I am new to Twitter and have no friends 
have tried to update my picture to celebrate getting over 60 mainly genuine followers but Twitter not playing 
@bigassbadger hope @sapphyno1 hasnt ditched you live on Twitter?! 
@kwells2416 Twitter has lost some of its luster as a result... 
I have a brand new background for my Twitter and I can't upload it 
Twitter doesn't seem to accept my new picture. 
Twitter doesn't like well-structured, complex sentences.    (i.e., 140 characters isn't very long!)
My Twitter picture is broken.  
Why can't I send pictures to Twitter!!!! 
why I can't change my picture at Twitter?? 
Twitter is all messed up. I am trying to follow people who are following me and it's not letting me!  #itsucks 
@nuthatchgirl Twitter is all messed up. I am trying to follow people who are following me and it's not letting me!  #itsucks 
@ElphabaPotter I'm so sorry to hear that   *hugs*  I hope you are doing better, darling.  We love you!  I'm so behind on Twitter!
I was hoping my weekend would be better... now I depend on Twitter to keep me occupied... 
Thanks for ruining my evening, Twitter.. 
Twitter makes me angry 
Twitter won't update my picture... 
If i'll die tomorrow, i would like to write, all of you about me on Twitter... 
Twitter won't let me update my profile. 
Twitter is jacked! It keeps deleting my picture. 
@LMElias Twitter nixed it and grandfathered those who had it 
Twitter is acting up... 
Twitter wouldnt let me on...having withdrawals...i love my messages..if i cant get them..i am sad!!! 
Twitter is being absolutely horrible to me today. 
Twitter got tired. 
Twitter was borked 
@EKAnthony I know. Twitter is being mean 
@angielim Twitter is still broken for me, mostly 
Enough Twitter for me - back to work - next: clean oven 
My Twitter is suspended?  Why?  
Looks like Twitter is having server errors again.  
Twitter broke for me again.  But I'm back...for now.
@SoSoulfull Twitter is still acting sick on me.. 
Twitter keeps freezing up on me  #mmwanted
What is going on with @Twitter???!!!  I thought the problem was fixed. 
I'm out... *kicks Twitter*  
Twitter is overcapacity again   They need to buy more servers
Twitter is srtaight trippin! 
Twitter stinks tonight. 
Twitter is being retarded. 
Twitter is solo slow 
@CoolBBThemes Twitter servers swamped 
My Twitter is acting up... 
@MudHens yeah, Twitter was down for all of us 
Twitter is so soooo slow 
my Twitter is only working about 1/3 of the time 
I think Twitter is broke. Not getting my tweets 
@kirstiealley maybe Twitter, mine us the same 
Twitter, problems 
Twitter is being an ass again 
Twitter is jacking up! It wont let me get on! 
Twitter is broken. How can I tweet my drunkeness 
Twitter is not sending me my twitter text right Ahh and then I don't even get them all  WTF! Twitter needs an upgrade &amp; its not my iberry 
Twitter you are not working right. I don't have time for this!! 
Twitter gave me a virus  no comp for me until mon when i can go get it fixed so plz text me!
Twitter is difficult 
@musicsinmyveins Twitter is very slow...i couldnt even get on earlier  too many tweeters :O
the Twitter sight is broken   MwM
@lookitsria I'm sorry  I'd ask what happened, but Twitter's not exactly private.. I do hope you feel better though.
@kristen_gee Yay i missed you on Twitter 
Smllz and azriel dgaf for Twitter   
Just realized I've ignored Twitter for about three days. I'm bad 
@cathy_cochina40 boooo! Twitter is lame!!! 
Why is Twitter not letting me follow some people back..... 
Working. So much to do, and here I am signing up with Twitter 
Twitter cockblocked #ontd 
But all of my Twitter friends are on the east coast so I can't even drunk chat with them 
Wondering why no one talks to me on Twitter? 
@skdev Twitter seems to have some issues going on 
... just joined Twitter and i dont know how to use it! 
@burcuakyol it looks like google wave might replace Twitter. It looks very useful. But we have to wait awhile before it comes out 
has no friends on Twitter 
As soon as I get on Twitter, it's dies  oh well I guess.
damn it. Twitter isn't counting my  #andyhurleyday tweets anymore  most of it that is...
@DeniseMcClain thought it was just me! Twitter fail  
Twitter is quiet  just celebs tweeting which is boring cos they never reply rude huh!
@Tittch I am sooo pissed with Twitter 
Has no friends on Twitter 
Twitter is acting up. I'm not seeing all my responses 
my Twitter profile pic is still not showing up. 
Twitter....why have you eaten my new picture? 
Twitter hates me 
Twitter won't let me update my photo 
I caved and joined the Twitter fad 
Twitter won't upload my new pic  so sad
My new Twitter background is NOT the one I chose!  Trying another one.
My Twitter updates seem overly negative    Only happy tweets for a while.
I do not understand how Twitter works. 
is mad at Twitter now because her uploaded picture doesn't show up 
Twitter is supposed to be fun 
@timbe2 has 81 followers on Twitter: http://twittercounter.com/timbe2  it went down..
@tobyhearne no Twitter nixed it 
Twitter wont let me post a picture! 
It would be really nice of Twitter to allow my picture to work. 
I've missed you Twitter 
Lol, I believe Twitter hates me.  It keeps informing me I don't exist 
I've been neglecting you Twitter, I'm so sorry 
@LostNMissing Twitter is not perfect   I was thinking about trying to upload a different picture to see if that worked!
@spahkleprincess Twitter hates me 
@undeadkamo Twitter was being mean to me 
Twitter search acting weridly today 
I can't sleep.  And Twitter froze my computer. :/
...........Twitter sucks 
Twitter still hasnt let me upload a pictureeee. 
Still not getting this. I suspect I'll be closing my account very soon. Just don't get Twitter at all. It's like blogging but rubbish 
@perpetualspiral No avatar now!  Twitter appears to be having issues again...*sigh*
@VinaPiglet ----&gt; Twitter is starting to bore me  ! !
Twitter lost my pic   &amp; it will not let me load a new one!!
boreddd. why Twitter cannot upload photo? 
I'm in limbo with Twitter.....damn it! 
Twitter is not letting me upload my photo. 
@emmaawatsonn That sucks!!! You shouldn't have to leave Twitter  *hugs*
What is going on with Twitter? I can't get to it on my phone. Not even when I try the mobile address 
Twitter has stolen my face 
musicmonday, followfriday, 80stweets, threewordsaftersex (and other tedious trends) - Twitter slides slowly down the pan 
My Twitter profile is worth  $80    http://tweetvalue.com
I apparently can't figure out how to text pictures to Twitter.  
Twitter wont let me change my photo!  x
Trying to change my background but Twitter won't allow me! 
My pictures on Twitter won't upload   merr how do I fix this?
Twitter wont work right for me 
Twitter won't let me change my bg 
Twitter won't let me change my picture   X.
Twitter is now going to be on xbox live ... 
Twitter doesnt let me on , on my phone  RawR
@Twitter - I can't get my pic to work!  It is making me sad
@roxiijonas Twitter will be our exam downfall 
I am becoming increasingly angry. Twitter doesn't want to do ANYTHING for me  WHYYYYY????
Twitter?! I'm already late 
Twitter is acting weird  why...
My Twitter inbox isn't working 
I can't ever change my Twitter pic or background. It just won't change. I hate that. 
Wow, there's so much to read on Twitter when you're not online for 24 hours 
@northernchick Tried on two computers and three browsers and Twitter won't let me upload a new pic 
@letme_b Twitter has been acting ugly lately. 
Twitter isn't working on my phone. 
Aw, that's really sad  I thought I've been updating Twitter from my phone but it hasn't been going through...
Twitter wont even let me upload a piccy 
Trying to find the first account I set up on Twitter - name is taken but they can't find me when I log in 
I've seriously neglected Twitter today... 
Twitter website is down 
@theglamlife What is Twitter going to do without me for so long?   ha ha
Twitter is so quiet lately 
I'm kind of discouraged by the amount of spam on Twitter. 
@hnicgirl And yet, there have been no Twitter updates from @scottoake 
Ugh   Twitter almost always changes my mood .
wishes Padawang had Twitter.  
Twitter y do u hate me! 
Loses at Twitter 
@HiveMindMovie !!!!!  tears sniff !!!!  Twitter is mean.  If I don't shut up I'll be next! lol
Twitter hates me 
Twitter confuses me 
no one left to talk to?? Twitter died. 
With @LilyLunaPotter gone, I'm not sure if I want to continue Twitter. 
@asatiir almost every one I try to chat and convience about Twitter the same 
Twitter still says no 
@funkycoldmedina Twitter is hard  lol i don't like it. there's not restaurant city.
Morning Twitter, had a shower again! 
I can't see my Twitter avatar. 
Twitter finally decided to let me back in. Some days it just doesn't like me. 
Twitter pic still not working, sigh 
Twitter has overtaken my life  I feel so behind.
Twitter mobile doesn't allow me to reply to tweets 
@robertayoder i'm working on a new photo!!  Twitter is not helping me   this seems to be the only one it will let me post.
Twitter grader and mobile tweete are down.. 
I wish stormy faw wasnt following me on Twitter 
EricDsnider blocked me from his Twitter.  I feel bad!  
Trying to get the pic up   Twitter hates all of mine so far
I can't change my design colors. Is something wrong with Twitter? 
I miss Twitter. huhuhu  http://plurk.com/p/y1p8u
My Twitter profile is worth  $22 http://tweetvalue.com ... Awww 
Twitter is so quiet today 
@Shinybiscuit but my own name on Twitter is really boring 
Twitter is now closed in china 
Wondering why I've joined Twitter 
@shiiki This sucks..  How about contacting Twitter?
@tommcfly I tweet you everyday ever since i joined Twitter. And you haven't replied to me yet.  Or maybe you'll not reply to me ever...
So, Twitter isn't very confusing.  Also, no one I know has twitter 
I'm not exciting enough for Twitter... 
Twitter, stop taking my background away! Not okay 
I hate when Twitter says they'll be down for maintenance... I always go through withdrawl. 
@BethanChapman I JUST got this! Twitter is still confusing! I'm @ work 
Twitter is awesome  
Twitter keep crashing 
@jschenck more like Twitter   
I'm at my follow limit    I will follow back when Twitter lets me
@amourirlandais I hate how confusing Twitter is sometimes 
Is scared Twitter might shut down and never come back. 
Oh, I don't know anyone on Twitter! 
@christinebohan I wanted to use your brilliant hashtag but Twitter wouldn't allow it 
I still don't get Twitter... 
I have just made a Twitter account, and have no friends... 
My Twitter profile is worth  $228 http://tweetvalue.com I'm so cheap 
It wont work    Seriously? Where are all the Celebrities on Twitter?
@natehasasong &amp; @sparaticweeble I would have loved to join you both for the movie but I read the Twitter too late. 
@DreamAct I'm not following you, but I plan on doing so. Twitter has a follow limit for me &amp; I have to wait until I get 1818 followers. 
I disconnect from Twitter    to make one for my older sister
Twitter has been less than entertaining today!!!!!!!!! 
Twitter is going down for maintenance in an hour... 
Sometimes Twitter almost feels too much like infotainment.  
I am up to 2000 and Twitter won't let me follow any more. 
@RickGriffin aweeeee  that sucks. I love Twitter... i don't want it to go away. 
Morning. Twitter maitennance soon 
Twitter will be down soon.  
Twitter going down for 1 hour  see you all soon
Yay!! Twitter is back!! I did miss it so   #padres down 5-0 still...
I can't get on Twitter from my computer 
Twitter back up... and running super slow 
Twitter is up again but I am down with cold 
Twitter is down!!  noooo! It's a sign of the apocalypse :o
Twitter won't load.  http://plurk.com/p/yry8h
I was soo lost when Twitter Twatter went down 
Twitter never complies with what I want to do 
@kmargossian I'm sure you have.. but Twitter sucks tonight! 
@nhoustonreed It wasn't hacked. Twitter deleted it because they didn't verify it was really them. 
Twitter hates me. I tried to tweet 2 hours ago, but it wouldn't post! 
I can't find anyone else I know who is on Twitter....I am so alone here 
I drew, I must sleep. I was sad when Twitter was down 
So, Twitter isn't very confusing. Also, no one I know has twitter 
Pretty hard sussing this Twitter 
My first Twitter and no friends 
Twitter shootout with @ merrysuperstar. I lost 
Twitter is being a twat 
I wish I could log onto a computer but all I have is Twitter via my mobile.  
Twitter is too quiet 
I wanna use Twitter on my phone! 
@Shlihting sumiu do Twitter. 
@PJMcGuire I do love the phone - I don't have Twitter on it yet 
Twitter I'm bacc the berry died 
@felicityfuller really, web problems as well - sounds like Twitter wobliness 
Twitter is just no doing it for me any more sorry to  all my twiggas  
@GwenArtax And those were just the wounds that showed.    I wonder what your uncle's Twitter would be like. We should be listening.
Twitter will not let me change my picture 
@Twitter thanks for kicking some #pornaddict #spammers, they were following me, some still follow me! 
Trying to find Twitter friends! 
is not sure if Twitter is that much fun 
@legalisha618 I have been abandoned by u!! Twitter me u say bc that's what u will be doing and there is no twittering going on 
Hey Twitter.... I think I'm sick 
Whiiiine, Twitter why have you not been updating my cell phone tweets? 
@stereophonics I'm gutted taht I didn't know you were on Twitter  Ah well I'm following you now!
I was cut off from Twitter 
Twitter won't let me follow anymore ppl 
@jamieharrington I don't know. Twitter ate it. 
Twitter on my computer doesn't look right 
Twitter blocked me..said I sent out too many tweets in an hour 
iTweet.net is pretty cool! Twitter is still dead here, so is TwitterFox  I feel so bored without them.
Twitter chato 
does not understand Twitter 
Twitter and my phone appear to be fighting. It keeps crashing 
Wondering what to do next on Twitter...... Didnt really understand it all that well!!!! 
I am being annoyed by how worthless Twitter seems to be ... 
My Twitter profile is not worth very much yet  : $63 http://tweetvalue.com
I want to use Twitter from my Phoneeeeee. 
I want to be on mobile for Twitter! 
@ilana23 I tried doing the mobile thingy with Twitter, then there! 18 
Wonders why WeAreTheUsed  never add me ? This is my second Twitter account I guess I'm just not good enough 
@wcs53 That's rubbish  I'm sure there are a few F1 commentaries here on Twitter.
@makennaisme Twitter violation. I follow you but your not following me? 
Off to drive now.. shall miss you Twitter 
Wow don't really get on Twitter that often anymore  oh how i miss the twitter days....
and can't even Twitter properly. urgh 
Twitter=fail won't let me search for new buddies right now! 
My Twitter is pathetic 
Doesnt understand Twitter at all  lmao. x
headache  .. going to bed nitenite Twitter x
@trini96 should be on Twitter so I can talk to her. I miss her so much! 
Twitter wont let me tweet 
Twitter is becoming wackk w.out my biffffel 
Not much Twitter activity tonight, this saddens me deeply 
Twitter is giving me the impression that the opening number was as good as I thought it would be. 
Twitter is really quiet tonight 
doesn't understand Twitter!  @? what?
@karriedaway   I've been havin' my keyboard hand slapped frequently, too. Bad Twitter!
Twitter is slow on the weekends 
@anjawoood you didnt tell me that you had Twitter 
(--- Checkn myself in Twitter rehab. 
I didn't know until today that using Twitter could be so destructive 
I never tweet.      Twitter just isn't entertaining 
Anyone here? Seems like I,m the only one on Twitter ... 
succumbed to Twitter 
Oh joy my first Twitter account how.... dule 
  Why Twitter will soon become obsolete? http://www.imediaconnection.com/content/23465.asp
Wow, my Twitter background is gone!  I wonder where it went?  I guess I'll have to get a new one?
I really need to check my Twitter more often  wahh
No entiendo Twitter 
Being a technically challenged noob who is trying hard to figure out how Twitter works 
can't find her friends on Twitter 
I'm not sure if this is working - told you I don't know how to use Twitter 
iHatee Twitter 
Is trying to add people on Twitter and struggling slightly 
Twitter is acting funny again 
I've been neglecting my Twitter 
Still doesn't get Twitter??? I'm very confused still 
@jonconnelly Working mostly. And I was avoiding Twitter all weekend in the hopes I'd be productive if I didn't tweet. It didn't work. 
I fail at Twitter this month. 
We need stupidity fines on Twitter 
Twitter isn't allowed to be down ! 
@masiar well my friend, you are right. Twitter is getting slower. 
No Twitter action for me due to a fever and flu 
Twitter rape 
At least i can relax on Twitter. I didn't sleep for 40hours now, facebook proofed i'm stupid!   !!!!! waaahhh!
Figuring out this Twitter mess 
#iremember when I loved Twitter more 
I take that back, it looks like Twitter only likes this one pic.  
My Twitter app is still broken 
I just started a new Twitter account. The old one didn't work out. 
@onthelevel While I was unemployed I thought I'd try my hand at being a spammer but Twitter thought otherwise and kept suspending me. 
Still! No idea on Twitter 
Twitter bout going back to slo  boo
My Twitter profile is worth  $93 http://tweetvalue.com | aww less than 100??? 
Twitter is about to have down time 
Twitter is so quiet. 
Myspace has a Twitter account. That's so sad 
I'm going to hit 6000 updates soon. How on earth. I am a Twitter addict 
He he, I still don't know how come I can not go on Twitter on my computer 
#Twitter content will most likely be used for targeted advertising to the owner. 
Oh no, Twitter is going away this afternoon  #squarespace #trackle
I don't think I'm getting  Twitter updates. 
Twitter seems broken. 
I have not been on Twitter in three days 
@gandababae88 bebe huWHY are you Not updating your Twitter account? I miss you.. 
Twitter will be down at 10 
Still not figured out how Twitter works....   
@hnrxmcrlover I am sorry I'm not on Twitter..... 
#squarespace drawing delayed 'cause of Twitter downtime = 
Twitter's mainterance time is coming... 
Twitter hates my phone 
What an i going to do for a whole hour when Twitter goes down. 
Twitter on the iphone wasnt working before 
Twitter down  well maybe not anymore.
@hollyalyxfinch It was the whole entire Twitter was down. 
I love when Twitter is down  http://twitpic.com/7kqgj
@fiestyymuch i feel un-needed &amp; flat left just now , &amp; damn , yew do it on Twitter &amp; everyonee can see .. thanks .  .
Twitter hates me 
Twitter, you are making me lonely by not sending me device updates 
is not sure if I like Twitter yet...It makes me feel socially inept 
@mittense I forget where you work now  You may want to update your Twitter profile!
Twitter confuses me 
@lalivemmy I love you Vemmy, but you're not following me in Twitter 
...I can't get this Twitter... 
...I can't understand this Twitter... 
Still cannot get the hang of Twitter 
Twitter is not sending any tweets to my phone.  wtf.  
Oh Twitter how I have neglected you 
Why is Twitter dead? Where is everybody? 
I am not finding time to Twitter.. 
Twitter exploded my phone. 
Twitter can blow me 
My Twitter profile is worth  $289.  I paid more for my puppy.   http://tweetvalue.com
Twitter break is over but i'm again very sad ...I just hate my life ... 
That being said, starting next week, I won't be on Twitter as much as I am doing so right now. Maybe not even for #chuckmemondays. 
Twitter, not sure I'm getting it 
how are you supposed to communicate on Twitter? ahhh it's so hard  i miss school (((
Twitter isn't appearing in my blog! 
@changibedsheets I miss you on Twitter 
Has no friends on Twitter 
I don't understand Twitter on my phone  *Ponders to self*
Twitter user is entered in another country 
Getting mad that Twitter won't work on my phone 
Oh dear, Twitter being slow again 
@peterfacinelli Now, honestly, how can we trust Twitter is accurate? I just saw it go up and then down by like 10 followers!  in 2 secs!
Going to be mostly away from Twitter for the next 5 or so days.... 
confused... how does Twitter really work 
Backupmytweets makes it sound like they can reach back further than Twitter, more than just the last 2,000 tweets. Not true evidently! 
Getting a stupid Twitter account because my teacher told me to 
Definitely corrupted Twitter! 
Still doesn't really understand Twitter... 
My Twitter profile is worth  $31 http://tweetvalue.com 
@liveonpurpose I miss it, too, but Twitter won't let me upload it anymore 
@kkjordan this is so weird. Twitter won't let me follow you. I lost you again..I'm not seeing your tweets. 
Twitter is boring. 
Twitter got quiet  :p
@peterfacinelli I'm trying to remember to put #peterfacinelli in all my posts but it's making me mad that Twitter is not working 
Twitter is so confusing i wish i knew what i was doing!?!? 
Twitter is kind of confusing 
has also just remembered no Twitter either 
Twitter appears to have stalled.  
feels a little lonely on Twitter 
@moon There seem to be more and more of these scammers on Twitter 
Twitter isn't working for me right now 
Twitter confuses me sometimes ugh 
Why can't i unfollow people? Silly @Twitter 
@geoffc11  Really? Twitter must be acting up - you didn't show up on my list of followers. 
I think I broke Twitter 
Doesn't know how to use Twitter. 
Not fun.. Twitter.com is acting up 
Twitter me not  lmao
I really, really.. don`t understand how to use Twitter!! 
@jennycz I wish you could join me!  I know, I work so much better when I'm with other people, working. At least there's Twitter...
@piercethemind I hate when Twitter does this. 
How do you connect your cell to Twitter? I'm trying and it's not working 
Twitter twitter...I'm bored 
Not getting my Twitter texts again... 
is not sure why Twitter is not updating her facebook  err
I'm sick.  I think I caught @jakedaniel's bug via Twitter.
@johnnystar1 you don't follow me on Twitter! 
Twitter says I can't refresh anymore  I have to wait an hour ! ekkkk
Twitter is interesting, but I wish my friends had it 
Twitter on my iphone isn't liking me 
I'm can't sleep. &amp; bored wit noOne to talk to on Twitter  @RealRalphyG
@kittywiskers -- what were we talking about here? I think it got lost in Twitter-land! 
Twitter yall still up?...I can't sleep 
Twitter isn't sending me all my mobile updates. 
updated Twitter photo - old one was 5 yrs old, when I was much  thinner 
Why nowbody is in Twitter ? 
I can't figure it out what Twitter is really about...... 
Twitter is so confusing 
I feel so inadequate to talk to @lurkey now  she's almost a Twitter celebrity
Twitter sucks 
Twitter is so confusing i hate it 
Twitter hates me 
Twitter is pissin' me off...won't let me unfollow these fools! 
@PettyshkaDM nooo  you're so lucky that you have Twitter in the phone. I'm jealous of you 
Wtf my bf is on Twitter and not even following me.  @kokomoz
Twitter has failed me once again... 
no clue how to use Twitter 
Twitter is weird today 
 Wish I could update Twitter with mobile phone!
@officialTila can't remember my Twitter password...  I have it automatically in)
@MsCandiReign nuffin I was just feelin Twitter neglected that's all. I don't get no Twitter love from u 
Twitter won't let me log on on my laptop 
Signing up on Twitter just so I can use tweetdeck to view trends 
It's been a while...Twitter was neglected. 
@andrewmilton meant to say 'on Twitter' but my thumb failed me 
@GraceBones probably, with as much as we talk on Twitter I would think we would run in2 each other more often 
I'm still confused. I don't get Twitter. 
My Twitter pic won't update on my phone. 
Twitter tells me I have 21 followers.. why can I only see 8 of you?! 
TehranRadio1 user   @Twitter
Twitter won't let me change my background 
Twitter is gettin boring....all my fave tweetys are neglecting me....smh 
I just heard that all acapella on 88.9 wers is on Twitter but I can't find them to follow them. 
Missing out on my Twitter these days 
Its so hard to get off Twitter. 
Wow. Twitter is extremely boring at the moment. 
Already getting Twitter spam. 
@collidingworlds yeah but those cheeks don't have Twitter 
I'm sad now  sometimes Twitter is a horrible place...
Going to be off Twitter for a whole week. 
@jonahman2003 my Twitter stream will be almost empty  have fun @ camp!
My Twitter timeline has been dead for the past hour. 
@mommapuff I'm sending a hug through Twitter.  #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen
Wow, this is gay.  Being ganged up, on Twitter is not pleasant 
I've just been told i have no idea how to use Twitter. I feel so square 
Oops nobody is talking about saina on Twitter 
Twitter makes me miss people   
Twitter was acting dumb so I had to get a new one 
just realizes that #spam hits him also at #Twitter 
Tweetvisor says that there was an error whilst updating my status on Twitter.  
I really wish I could get my first Twitter page back.. but all my tweets have disappeared 
My Twitter profile is worth: $36  http://tweetvalue.com/
trying to figure Twitter out...i'm confused 
Twitter = amphetamines for your clock 
is new to Twitter and sad that she can't find any of her friends 
@therealbici Twitter says my pics are too big to twitpic! 
No entiendo Twitter 
Twitter is so quiet without @mantia  #freemantia
I'm not as faithful to Twitter as I used to be... 
It's been to busy to keep my Twitter up-to-date.... 
wondering why Twitter has gone loopey on me 
Twitter broke my iPhone 
Twitter wont open on my computer 
Twitter just got blocked at work....  
Twitter fail 
Twitter is soo boring without some friends to follow 
@rxtmr disappointed that rxtmr still doesn't have a Twitter profile pic. 
Twitter This 
Twitter i'm sorry i neglect you 
I think i am weak on Twitter...boohaa 
@jstef11 Twitter doesn't work with my phone   I don't know why. Twitter doesn't accept my number
Twitter is good but i have no friends 
Looks like my Twitter pic is messed up. Not seeing seeing it on my posts. 
So I have decided that Twitter is worse than TV commercials 
@MiaChambers  I'm always avail to you off Twitter if you want to chat privately hon.  *hugs*
Is Twitter on its period too? 
Twitter is being freaky  all the letters are huge!
The apocalypse is nearly here.... there is a Twitter for Dummies 
Cients are beginning to ask me to block #Twitter on their firewalls. It makes me muy triste 
@friskyradio I lost you as a follower... (sob) Twitter seems to go randomly haywire! 
No time for Twitter lately 
Twitter is .... somehow borring... 
 I'm not used to instantly not getting it. Twitter is hard 
@stanleytang I agree it is much more productive without Twitter 
Still tryna figure out Twitter. I thought I had it but hold on for me guys 
Ah, Twitter seems to be working again 
trying to work out exctly how Twitter works...shouldn't take too long lol 
trying to work out exactly how Twitter works...shouldn't take too long lol 
*bursts through the Twitter doors* Hellooooooooo!  
@michaelgrainger She speaks very highly of you as well. Twitter is never bad for business! 
I took a Twitter break, now I'm back 
@goobimama @EventBox isn't the best Twitter client for me. It's the simplicity and all-in-1 that makes me love it 
@sallyinnorfolk awww, you'll have to use Twitter for company 
Has Just Joined Twitter!  ..xoxo
Twitter rocks 
PS.  I'm just figuring out what this Twitter is and I am not sure what I'm supposed to write 
@MarcusMansfield talk about Twitter! 
@DateBrooklyn What were you referring to? LOL...this is the bad part about Twitter. 
@coollike don't quit Twitter 
I so don't understand what I'm supposed to do on Twitter but here I go    http://twitpic.com/2yf99
@muppetaphrodite You make it seem like Twitter takes away from productivity. I thought this was a creative release. 
@Pandaran @BryanPerson And yet, Twitter still works b/c I control who I opt-in to following. And I like finding the gems. 
Twitter no celular : http://www.rodrigostoledo.com/?p=2929              
Fine, good night Twitter! And gypsy it is! 
Creating my Twitter acccount 
Just got Twitter 
Just created my very own Twitter. 
makingg Twitter 
Testing Twitter 
@randyciro welcome to Twitter 
@Greyvalue Wow, that is frickin' deep shiitake about Twitter! 
@Greyvalue Wow, that is frickin' deep shiitake about Twitter! 
I just joined Twitter!  I don't get it at all... but we'll see how it goes 
Still trying to figure out Twitter 
empezando a utilizar Twitter.. 
has just become a Twitter 
I didn't know Twitter was this cool. 
@3PDesigns Or you could cut and paste the url to make it easier for potential customers to find. Twitter can be great for that! 
Getting started on Twitter! 
Looking for other Narcotics Anonymous members on Twitter!  
Ispecting Twitter 
I did it! One full day away from Twitter, I had to make sure I wasn't addicted! 
@courtneywilcock welcome to Twitter 
@iamheartless @dizzyglitters ... lol at u two spamming the hale out of my Twitter 
Bonjour Twitter ! 
This is my first day at Twitter! I like it  alot already 
@markowen @Melodysk joined Twitter on 2007-12-20 
Just joined Twitter 
@notanothersong Twitter - just another way to stalk you! 
I love tweeple, Twitter tweeple, ones who Twitter and Twatter r Twue. Twuly twiffic are the tweeple, who twamendously twaffic a  to you.
@bobcatii Twitter is just a way to update people who follow you on Twitter about what is going on with you 
catching up on my Twitter reading 
just joined Twitter &amp; seeing what its all about 
Newbe on Twitter, my first post to pop my cherry, 
@HerRoyalDemones I am also nerdily excited that we have Twitter. 
just signed on to Twitter, so no idea how this works! 
@RexGoliath I'm a friend of @ewu's - and I talk about WoW on Twitter far too often 
Making a Twitter 
@darlingdara I've got some serious Twitter etiquette to teach you. 140 characters or less 
Trying to figure out Twitter! 
Is starting to like Twitter 
checking out Twitter for the first time 
Intrinsec is now on Twitter 
@buxtonmarauder well give her some Twitter love 
Twitter never fails to make me giggle after 2am.  
Not sure what to do with Twitter yet 
Sextoys7 arrive sur Twitter 
@eliteforce hey mate! nice 2 see you here on Twitter! 
I`m starting to like Twitter. 
Twitter's cool 
Twitter is interesting... here we go! 
@Dunkndisorderly nope  you are just a Twitter magnet 
Going through my Twitter mails 
Twitter search for 'tweetie' is going absolutely wild 
@Scamtypes But you Twitter ...  which is better than hiding information in excel
back on Twitter 
@monicarettig Thanks! And welcome to Twitter 
Just started on Twitter....not sure what to expect yet.  
@ItsRaul Twitter away! 
@Erisar I'm still pretty new to Twitter (not many tweets yet!), thanks for following me 
Just starting out on Twitter! 
I don't update this Twitter much...Mostly on my 'personal' one but thanks for following 
It's not exactly easy to be on Twitter when you only speak french, ahah 
How to use Twitter? 
My favorite asian, @AsianDavid, is now on Twitter. 
Just joined Twitter 
@WhiteRabbitCult Thanks for following me on Twitter! 
#travsummit is #2 in 'trending topics' on Twitter! 
You know? I would LOVE to Twitter away all night but it's 12:30 here and I'm tired.  I'll be back, don't worry. 
I signed up for Twitter.   
@alwyngreer nice to see you on Twitter! 
Yay! Twitter finally did let me to change my picture! 
Heylo Twitter 
getting to know Twitter 
@hermitreviews1 Thank you for following me on Twitter 
Signing up for Twitter 
@employerbrander What?! It's not all about Twitter  #sobcon
Twitter rocks. 
is exploring Twitter 
@emeraldfirefly But that would be contrary to the whole point of Twitter. 
- To follow on Twitter:  @EnWrapture, @UppityBlack, &amp; @Blacktating.  I am thankful for their &quot;Twitter&quot; friendship.  
Signing in to Twitter!! 
@natashawescoat you make it sound like Twitter peeps are slow moving  And really will you turn down a going away party?
thinks its hilarious she has MatticusCSC addicted to Twitter 
@QOTFU Twitter needs to figure out how to fix that soon. It's annoying. So are noisy neighbors, I hope they shut up so you can sleep soon 
@charityhuerta Going mobile w/Twitter is exciting, right?! I was pumped when I did, too 
I never thought I'd meet so many interesting people on Twitter!  I love it!
We're on Twitter! 
@orangeseeds Welcome to Twitter, though. 
Just finished Twitter addon so shortened URLs could be tweeted too  as well as bookmarked on @sponter
trying to get along with Twitter  why I'm doing this? 
Falando nisso, hj completo 3 meses no Twitter! 
Checking  on Twitter for ne updates . 
Ive been very slack with Twitter and will do better this week 
has reactivated her Twitter due to peer pressure 
@1sweetwhirl U R A WHOOT  ...so can u beat me...will i be ur teacher on Twitter ???
@DaniKali03 Twitter was a-calling!  (haha)
Goodmorning Twitter 
Twitter makes me happy. I am easily happified. Obviously. 
@craigyd so Twitter is good for your health too 
i'm on Twitter! 
Just made a Twitter account 
@brandiburleson welcome to the world of Twitter!  I think it's so much fun!
@chrisquintana I'm on Twitter - don't get it, but just wanted you to know I joined.  I may un-join soon though 
ummm...typing on Twitter 
I'm new to Twitter &amp; I'm trying to work out how to use this program.. 
Twitter connected with FAcebook   http://twitter.com/paynetsystems &amp; http://tinyurl.com/dagmoq
Exploring Twitter's world! me 2 
trying to work out how to use Twitter! 
Twitter you suck 
being new to Twitter?!?!? 
Twitter criado. 
@ZooeyDe : It's very nice to be able following you on Twitter 
@rachael_kearley That's Twitter for you.  
@SaundraYee hey, welcome to Twitter 
Guess I'm on Twitter now! 
@SirReigns Now that's what i like to hear!   You won't unfollow us little people on Twitter when you make it big will u? 
Just signed up on Twitter! yay! 
Just joined Twitter hehe 
Is getting the hang of Twitter. 
Twitter! It's been a while 
I feel I owe it to @tinaarena to listen to her new albums (everything released after 'Chains') since she was nice to me on Twitter!! 
I am trying to figure out how to use Twitter 
Me just sign up Twitter... 
good morning Twitter 
@medibank welcome to Twitter baby 
@dbugliari We all love it at the other end of the Twitter, but we acknowledge your concern. 
just got Twitter  
trying to understand this whole Twitter idea 
Finally got Twitter! lol 
@KmartxXI really hope Twitter IMPLODES of anger  #mikeywayday #mikeywayday #mikeywayday #mikeywayday #mikeywayday #mikeywayday
Goodmorning Twitter! 
@siewkumhong welcome to Twitter! 
Twitter me now 
@xSEANxLONGx yay! Twitter buddys! 
@annyangel I found you on Twitter 
@mishacollins Welcome to Twitter!  I think a lot of us are still trying to figure out what Twitter is all about! 
new in Twitter. 
I made Twitter all orangy now. 
Finally on Twitter!!! 
@jewlicious I don't know. He's not on Twitter 
Twitter testen 
@lavernesoh You should be using a Twitter client to tweet, not the web. Clients will auto refresh every n minutes 
Exploring the Twitter 
#tdc trending 9th right now on Twitter - keep tweeting! 
Just got a Twitter account! 
@ohaikendra hellllo!!!!thanks for making me a Twitter! 
Just got on Twitter 
@trixie360 As soon as you came on Twitter gurrl it needed maintenance! you are just that Powafull! 
is not very good at updating on Twitter 
@HautTotes LOL! And this is why I must distract myself with teh Twitter. 
@brynajones very cool! I recently met @charlottehrb on Twitter 
I found annyangel on Twitter 
Dhodakotb hi U will never believe how I got U on my Twitter! But sooo glad I did!! So much better 'solo', no?   S I P S I S
@ObviousWriter Hopefully she's not on Twitter. 
@loudossantos Does asking for free accomodation via Twitter usually work for you? 
just joined Twitter 
@Brotherrock it's based on who follows you--you need followers and followees to make the most of Twitter 
Not sure where I would be without Twitter and my Twitter-pals 
Please welcome @amybeth70 to Twitter! 
just got a Twitter 
I made a Twitter 
Again. Twitter addicts. 
@mrsythe I dont care what you say, I'm towing the official line. Twitter is public and searchable 
@grentone  TY 4 the #followfriday recommendation! You're what Twitter is all about! Cheers! 
is new at Twitter. 
I enjoyed myself with Twitter tonite~ later. 
@nothingbutcasey : Who else is on Twitter? 
I am happy to have a new friend on Twitter now 
Starting out on Twitter 
I just signed up to Twitter... this is new to me... what exactly do you people do here? 
@eVizions No, you're not alone in preferring Twitter. 
..Is just getting to grip with using Twitter 
Does being on Twitter make me Twitterpated? 
Trying to figure out how Twitter works 
@mrparot hey awsome, you're on Twitter  I love your background, did you make it?
Just joined Twitter 
4 Stages of Twitter http://tinyurl.com/pedvlx LOL.  
@xMichaelSFx I never knew you were here on Twitter 
@ComplexDiamond Indeed they do. Thanks for checking on your Twitter secretary  lol
Just Got Twitter! 
What am I doing? I'm jumping on the Twitter bandwagon; that's what I'm doing. 
@JohnnyWences Wouldn't that be great?  He's out spacewalking right now, but should be in for Twitter action soon. 
Joining Twitter 
Twitter is confusing but i think i can handle it! 
what's going on in Twitter land today? 
@breagrant  Twitter was right 
#whocangetit ... on Twitter? ----------&gt; @TeeRibbzz 
L.A. just had an earthquake!  Twitter it 
Just made this koolio Twitter! 
Working my way around Twitter... 
@cloudideas Thanks for following me on Twitter! 
Just got into Twitter and I'm loving it! 
Twitter just said I have a nice picture! 
can update her status on Twitter from her cell now. 
Just Joined Twitter! 
Beidzot ar? es esmu Twitter?! 
jusz relaxxinqq  *Twitter twitter*
@cazbar82 You still stay you don't like Twitter... 
@cazbar82 Absolutely! Of course I can. You're no longer allowed to tell me you don't like Twitter. 
@RichardKirk The problem with that is when does it stop? Symbols are not valid Twitter usernames 
I'm at school...this is my second Twitter account, can't get into my first one 
I dont understand Twitter.com 
Hey Twitter! 
@TheColorJenny Ah ha! You're obviously not nearly paranoid enough for Twitter! 
test de Twitter sous adium 1.4beta1 
@mindvoize I recently created an account there - it's like Twitter, only you can post pictures ++ You should check it out 
@PeterApokotos Twitter is the best spot to do this  What've you got?
@NathanaelB I replied via Twitter, but you've been busy &amp; distracted so it okay if you missed it 
Has Just Joined Twitter 
Wondering how many of my mates will get hooked on Twitter 
@ChaBizz It was awesome, welcome to Twitter 
@vandelinder I know... I need to do that from a computer, which I am never on with access to Twitter. I will though, just for you. 
trying to understand how Twitter works 
@WWEEdge Congratulations - You won.     - You ever coming back to Twitter??
@Mallarybc It's where you recommend Twitter users to other Twitter users 
@yukifujino ??/Twitter???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
I have NOT been using Twitter as a stalking tool  
@HughBriss Lol, 100$ for custom Twitter background? 
@fossiloflife Twitter was rather quiet yesterday 
discovering Twitter  thanx to YouAct
@helgecko So when did you suddenly start using Twitter again? 
@carnelia I'm loving it even by Twitter 
What a Twitter skin 
Byyyyyyye Twitter  I shall miss you!
Just joined Twitter - just like a million people who have done already! 
@cococross se inaugura en Twitter 
@CocoCross se inaugura en Twitter 
@chrischats  Twitter seems to be making the world smaller 
Teaching my girlfriend how to Twitter  yay
#followfriday @AngelWardriver A great digger!  She is a real sweetheart!  And welcome to Twitter! 
Not understanding Twitter just yet  
#followfriday occasionally needs a Twitter mother  @kspidel
Wondering if I really need Twitter 
FreshPeel: @patrickallmond You just called the Twitter spammers out of their caves. 
@da242911 You'll be alright  Twitter is fun
@TaraFlecktones Welcome to Twitter! 
I'm telling Twitter what I'm doing. 
@caligrl20 You are becoming addicted to Twitter!  I am so proud!  
@LBKRepublicans  My pleasure.  I wish Twitter had been around when I was chairman 
@onealt847 I was able to get in around 3 jumping jacks earlier but Twitter was really slow. 
I just convinced my husband to join Twitter.  I almost feel bad.
Is using Twitter again hahah. 
@DLoveSummers O and sorry I took so long, I am still learning how to use Twitter 
conociendo el mundo Twitter 
Twitter fam, I am back! 
But, I need proof that they're real by saying it on their Twitter accounts. 
Trying to be more involve in Twitter 
@realandrews - You have one trippy Twitter page going on! 
Just Joined Twitter 
welcome @HeritageLaw to Twitter 
@joony_is_me Your Twitter pic 
@JonDaniels aha, you're so cool  I was just listening to your music when I saw you on Twitter C:
Just joined Twitter 
Trying to work out Twitter and find people i know 
Molly has just joined Twitter 
just moved in..hello Twitter 
