Most common words for this cluster:
[('twitter', 354), ('time', 186), ('tweets', 173), ('day', 152), ('tweet', 119), ('days', 105), ('hours', 51), ('week', 40), ('weeks', 24), ('lol', 24), ('com', 22), ('hour', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'twitter', 0.7177884578704834), (u'tweet', 0.7111287713050842), (u'tweets', 0.6953736543655396), (u'Twitter', 0.6777887940406799), (u'Follow_I4U_News', 0.658547580242157), (u'@_clevvertv', 0.6563903093338013), (u'Follow_Denise_Dubie', 0.6478092074394226), (u'follow_BarkBoard.com_via', 0.6470027565956116), (u'Follow_@_tracyclarkflory', 0.6415403485298157), (u'Follow_@_freakonomics', 0.639763355255127)]





Three days since my last tweet and no concern? I could have been dead peeps! The reality is I forgot my password 
Has twitter changed in past 2 weeks? Can only view 2 pages of tweets on phone as selecting 'older' repeatedly shows page 2 and no more 
@monikamundell ...but twitter seems to be taking up my email time at the moment 
@supaswag I follow your blog.. you haven't posted anything there in weeks 
2 hour break from work then no twitter for 5 hours, boss has put a ban on phones 
So having to face the outcome of my last tweet...late nights+early monrnings= being a bad stuwart of my college opportunity!! 
using twitter for teh first time and that too from office... waiting for other members of car pool to be free... 
I can't understand why twitter is unable to keep me logged in. I reauth every day 5 times 
hasnt been on twitter for a few days, no internet at mums house for the moment  
Phone going off - no tweets untill this afternoon 
my twitter is so much more boring without @johncmayer updates every 5 minutes. sigh... 
@taracuda yes, I've had twitter unfollow 1 person so far.  They finally fixed it, but now she hasn't posted for a few days.  bummer 
Is *bucks is a non halal? Really? I just saw one of tweets in my friends timeline. To be honest, I never saw halal certificates either 
@unewhaven thanks! I've been here all day but neglecting my twitter 
tweet tweet tweet. i wish ashley was still here. time to get ready 
oprah's been on twitter for a little over 24 hrs &amp; has almost 300,000 followers. i've been on for a month &amp; only have 15. 
hate. my. laptop!!! hours to go through email it's so slow. i hardlly ever turn on tweetdeck, itunes, or visit blogs anymore b/c of it. 
@kerstinbarrett  I feel like that most nights I wake up with like 20-30 twitter messages -.-
@ALOliver  me to but nearest 1 about 150 miles away  enjoy your walk tweet later have fun Lol
omg. http://tinyurl.com/c72d83 In other news, no internet for a month 
search feature seems to be working again, but all the stuff that hasn't been coming up for hours seems to be lost  @twitter, what's up?
has not updated her twitter for a very long time... 
@ogerrard Really annoying  ... I guess, its time for me to unfollow its tweets
Checking twitter after 2 fckin day!! Haww 
for no reason twitter has suspended my account and i have submitted a request and no one has addressed it since last 4 days 
@flyingperonis I didn't know the @'username' bit showed my direct tweets!!! All this time I thought u were ignoring me!  I tht I had to
heya twitter i'm sorry for abusing you for 2 months 
checked google analytics, my blog is back to a few dozen readers a day  how the mighty ones have fallen!
@heathersebi98 @berryaddict getting a tweet from @st_rachel 8 hours to late to get his answer in time 
second day on twitter .....nothing special @ this time 
booo...stupid time difference..I woke up to a blog tv invite..I missed QueenB 
@KirbyRadioStar where did you go? No tweets in like 3 days? 
had a really long day.......almost 11 hrs.....now tired and can't sleep  so doing the twitter thing LOL for the 1st time
i visit @helloimlorena's twitter every 10 minutes and click on 'Follow' button just hoping she'd have unblocked me naw...  
After 2+ days away from twitter it took me 30mins to catch up on what went on in my twitterverse 
last tweet? for the week at least 
12 day on twitter, and still doesnt get it ... 
hi twitter  i havent been on because i had to work 13 hours today
@cjaynesing did you get my facebook comment about memorial day?  I'm so bummed ... where should i look for cheaptix?
is it bad that i keep going into read-only mode on twitter?  and even then, i don't spend enough time reading?
crazy day... no twitter time at all 
Resisting the urge to read the tweets I missed from the last 11 hours.   I think I'll upload some photos instead and call it a night.
mmmm, first official twitter of the day, although it as actually now night. i hate school messing up twitter hours 
i'm not very good at updating my twitter  even though i have nothing else to do with my time...
Maybe I'm just bitter, but I'm beginning to find following celebs tweets depressing - when all I do is work all the time. 
is using twitter for the first time ever and has had a very upsetting weekend 
@hanalei what the fork. just got a slew of twitter updates from yesterday. did your fever break? 
i just joined twitter for the third time because i keep sadly forgetting my info. sad 
I miss my cousin  slowly starting to like twitter. After all this time...
@nicolesnovicky awhhhh now you wont get my tweets all the time 
bugger.. cant recieve tweets for 8 minutes  
too many spam twitter accounts these days 
whew!  just finished all the grading for this class...many people did not make their 38 tweets/messages by today... 
it took me about fifteen minutes to remember my twitter password. 
@lalavazquez U aint respond back to none of my tweet  ...hopefully u read them n ....and i hope u really enjoy ur day
@dfizzy, u got my phone taken away! i got an update from mobile twitter in 5th period History n i got in trouble 
took a twitter break from studying...now back to our regularly scheduled program. 6 more hours to go 
@KaiserWillis I think that's part of it... I'm getting tweets from two hours ago as new, too. 
omg! twitter working again!! w00000000t .. just in time for bed 
@xsparkage feels like tweets are coming in slow / not on time or something. i get old tweets showing if i refresh! 
No internets?  we're completely down this morning. That means i won't see many tweets.
@Dannymcfly missed your tweets  14 days 'til I see you again. xx
working...again...same $&amp;*%...different day...i'm so in the wrong field....miss the @ replies here on twitter... 
wait a second, hair day is two words. why can't I edit my tweets 
@flexo I've been blocked from your site and twitter from the start, weakonomics was just blocked this week 
offline #gmail taking awful long time to sync 
having hard time to get back my twitter 
27 days ago from my last tweet... 
@jtug this is @kameliamohamad reporting that something is terribly wrong w/ my twitter again. I couldn't sign in to my account this time 
afternoon twitter world.    i am hungry    x
@amandapalmer i will miss your informative and entertaining tweets this week 
@chrisgillick i'm sorry u've been nauseous...  but it def kept me entertained last night reading you and @kimdub 's tweets!
@richcruse ah too bad, now i have no excuse not to stay online another 6 hours and cheer over a twitpic feed... 
its been 3 minutes since I've seen an earthquake tweet. I'm starting to miss that meme  #earthquake #hawthorn #notreally
@bonniee_spain  No not really it was a quiet tweet day and he was the only one on 
So i havn't been getting any mobile updates for about 2 hours now and i missed out on all my raa kids' tweets! I feel so out of the loop 
haven't been on twitter for a very long time. nyehku 
producer @nateb007 accused me in a tweet of becoming antisocial; unfortunately, due to increasing workload, no time to be my social self 
starting my exams in 4 hours and im on twitter.. not cool 
Missed twitter for 2 days 
@zeldman The other tweets @gregscott are not in my timeline. Only on your own page which I visited to see the rest of the conversation 
@decemberschild its been 12 days since your last blog 
is home sorting out paper work for college dada  excitement!!!!!!! what we up to tweets? i miss our convos  bad times x x x x night off!
crap..... i dont think theres been a day this week when i've gone to bed before @thedartmouth tweets out the news......... 
lunch time over.... tweet laters 
@g33kgurrl I'm so jealous. We haven's had a night without the kids in months  -- typing #fail on the previous tweet
I'm sad that #ravelry tweet day is over.  
@lamaggs No, to me tweeting from space means just that, not e-mailing tweets to land to be rehashed. The romantic aspect is gone for me. 
spent 7 days without my twitter account  - com'on twitter support - pls process my requests !
is having a hell of a time changing my twitter image 
i miss doing youtube blogs. but, i just don't have the 4 hour time it took to edit and upload them. reminiscing through the comments. 
@br3ndabot long time no tweet 
If you tried twittercut [like me few hours ago   ]  please, change you password immediately!!!!  or you will loose your twitter account!
lots of tweets today. In a bad mood  
getting sooo jealous of all these summer staff tweets 
@shoshanabean i missed your tweets today  your absence on twitter was truly felt! how are the shows goin girlie?
@aaronmac12 this was sent over a month ago and I am just now figuring out how this whole twitter thing works...pitiful, i know 
@bronwen @jjprojects you might have missed my latest experiment - I know blogs have too many words these days  http://tinyurl.com/ne6twc
i was awake 7 hours ago, should have checked twitter 
I just spent 2 hours looking for a blog topic and ended up inventing my own.  grrrr    http://bit.ly/QRz6y
is on twitter for the second day running. This is what study leave does to me! If only my car were in one piece 
@twaysive hm, this not a good medium for much more then yes/no  I am responding to previous posts,days ago, &amp; other conversations we had
@grantimahara man, 4 months until we get to see what those drunk tweets were all about 
Entering twitter 'lurk' mode, time to lock the keyboard, just poured me a whiskey 
hahahahaha let's tweet! I have two hours  and I need a....
@DangerAdamJonas  I saw you in the facebook live chat... but you will have to answer my question the next time  ! 
right im out of here peeps.. i hope @twitter fixes twitter mobile so i can tweet from the race.. m.twitter has been down for 4 days  #fail
last thoughts, again: is sorry, laura. and doesn't want her last tweet of the day to stuart to be nasty   *hugs* ?
Wondering if twitter will be fixed for my phone any time soon... 
dear @twitter, @kikotiger's homepage is still busted. do you care enough to give a human response to her support tkt? it's been 3 weeks 
My wife decided in less than 20 minutes she hates twitter. 
he hasn't been on twitter for a long time! 
wishes the whole receiving updates via text thing was more reliable. She's missed a number of them in the past few days. 
@ddlovato this is my last tweet for you.i'm not going to waste time tweeting for someone who don't appreciate any of it. you're mean 
@ddlovato this is my last tweet for you.i'm not going to waste time tweeting for someone who don't appreciate any of it. you're mean 
It's not good to follow news tweets that flood your page almost every minute 
I feel so bad abandoning my twitter for one week 
I think everyone but me is out in the sun.  No tweets for hours, no phonecalls at work since about 2pm, no emails at all today.  
@Moonlightbay you're not slow it's just that I follow people who tweet 100 times a day and so I miss you ... 
@brigittepicot yes i am! but i've been so busy lately... no time for twitter 
i forgot to check my tweets for a week. I had to press &quot;more&quot; a billion times.It was painful 
work time!  don't have my usual phone so no worktime tweets tonight  text me.
@jksloan hey, just noticed your tweet from yesterday. didn't go, did you? weather+hangover+friends visiting=no mass for mark 
just realized when i deleted my twitter, i was taken off everyones follow list  thinking about sleeping the day away. or go into the city?
Not one tweet from me in like 2 weeks. That's what happens when u have a job. 
@ColeBennett  oh ..nm I chased it down   http://twitter.com/theoneinpink .. date 5/30/2009 2 hours ago
@TaiSaintBoogie twitter restriction is a must!  I'm currently making up for my lost day of productivity, at the computer 
@tswizz that tweet was 100% favorited you are so damn cute. well, next time! I asked about #hypercube and I looked for you but didn't see 
@JamesHoste hope your day picked up mate; those tweets earlier sounded fairly 
@gustavodourado love the use of phantasmagorical in any context - you win my tweet of the day... though there is no prize 
http://twitpic.com/6a2hu - twitter hasnt been allowing me to login on my computer for four days 
so how are all my sweet tweets doing?  i'm wishing i had time to work on the man meat blog right now.   kids...woo!
why can't 30 ever be on twitter when i am? they normally come on like, an hour after i go off   
just read three days worth of tweets.. took some time lol now im watching bgt i missed the performences tho 
@JenniferJChung if you don't check your twitter for a whole weekend, you'd have to catch up with 1000 updates when you come back 
@mileycyrus mtv website has not let me vote for two days in a row  the vote button never comes up, its voting time over???
@jaycloth TIT.....avoided the result all bloody day. That will teach me to check twitter. 
I have no interest in the spymaster game. No time. This is now as bad as facebook apps. 
@allymcfly Yeahh! I miss sending 23 hours on twitter a day! I'm just bored on it now 
a sad day in the world of twitter 
What status page said is crap ! It took me an hour to log in here ! Although I don't it was worth it 
Holy shit my twitter wouldn't work for the last hour 
... wow twitter is lateeeee. i posted that 2 hours ago. 
o nooooo..... my twitter has gone all retarted again... 5th in two days.. *angry face* 
but no phone. so no tweets all day 
Yay, finally got onto twitter ... I haven't been able to log on all evening 
I keep having to try and load twitter about 5 times just to check it once... 
have had difficulties with twitter all day, it would not let me log on 
I just up dated my blog.  This month has not been a great month for my blogging! sick family members    http://lilypondsoaps.blogspot.com/
@dnlcllns  haha no it's some retarded twitter-based game that reeks of facebook and has been spamflooding my feeds all day 
@skitchbeatz Most of my tweets in the last week have been bball related &amp; my sleep sched is messed up bc of it 
ugh.  i sent that magic tweet at 10:30 and it showed up like 5 minutes ago 
Such a busy day, I just didn't have time for twitter. 
i hardly have time for twitter anymore 
hi twitter I missed u guys 2day! no tweet updates in 20 hours = me loosing five followers 
i've only had twitter for 2 days and i was already called a twitter whore 
why is it, i`m getting bored now on twitter? but last week, i was a twitteraddict 
I suprisingly sleepy.. don't think I have it in for my random night cap tweets today.. 
Changing blogskin/livejournal skin! O: 2nd time round using twitter and i forgot how to 
long time no twitter..  i missed twittering!
Feeling that i want to cry for hours because currently someone has broken in into my myspace page 
good bye twitter for a week  till i get my laptop back
@thisgoeshere I searched #andyhurleyday in twitter and I only see one of mine when I tweeted it like 5 or more times... 
@alovelikepi sorry i hadnt checked twitter. but you guys need to come back to tampa. i missed your show when you played a year or two ago 
still waiting for my desired twitter name to become available  i think i've locked myself out of it some time ago... fail.
The time stamps on the tweets I'm following are all three hours late.  
is unfollowing people who tweet a thousand times a minute. 
@LsRccrd thanks. I've worked nonstop for the past couple days. No time for twitter  what did you think of that cavs game?
@lilyroseallen crazy how @iammarkronson has been on twitter 2mins and has 2200+ followers. I've been here months and barely have 100 
@MsWetcha i dont remember, but I probably didnt.  I'm about to do some now.  I hate how i get my twitter messages days late. 
Wondering what on earth is up with facebook... It has been so laggy these past few days and it's doing my head in 
all my friends stopped twitting  i miss the golden days of twitter.
@fabulousJo I seen It the other day! Lol you don't follow my tweets anymore!  jk
@pollyocheese i got a bunch of twitter followers from ontd..now i have to update and check it all the time  i had fun today!!
@nanie716 haha day by day, twitter finds more ways for me to become addicted! @maaarked hates my twitters  but check out twisten.fm
@crazyjibin I am busy with works. so no time to spend in twitter 
@brijeshnairan I am busy with works. so no time to spend in twitter 
@milinpaul @brijeshnairan @crazyjibin I am busy with works. so no time to spend in twitter   will be active soon..
@Shadez @CruciFire i got over 95%!!! 90% on the home page, but mostly other peoples' tweets to me 
Doesn't have time to learn twitter 
and now for my 401st tweet, i declare that......its time to go to school 
I have to wait EIGHT more hours to watch the awards.. not reading any tweets until then.. 
Just heard about the missing aircraft.  I ironically made a tweet 7 hours ago about how going oceanic is kind of bad.  
@RightGirl Haha thanks! I love the twitter world...I am permanently mommy less   I can handle it most days but lately...eek!
i'll offline for 2 weeks,bye twitter 
Off to history. No wireless for the rest of the day.  I need a twitter testing buddy to keep me occupied during school
Having to work all this week  so will miss insite09  will be avidly following tweets for highlights.
says i miss facebook-ing all day  http://plurk.com/p/xoex1
Todayis a day of blogging and luandry...  The blogging I love--- the laundry--- not so much 
been waiting all day to get on this exams suck but the fact that schools banned this is well homosexual its banned WHYYYYYYYY  tweet tweet
@skinnyribs 11 days  i'd rather be making $$$ ooo how fun! are you going to show them off in flickr? PLEASE?!
@aplusk don't tell me that. I'm going there in 2 weeks. 
@CarlaLorraine just saw your tweet bout my 3 party day.. and no this is the first time we have done this.. sorry so late to reply 
I have offically not been on twitter for years What is wrong with me 
@alyankovic been trying to upload bgs and pics for clients all day - still not fixed  #twitter #fail
just realized i haven't managed my entire account in 5 months. i missed all kinds of fun personal tweets too...sorry kids 
so this is my first few days on twitter...trying 2figure it out...why can i only see my profile pic when i click on it? ughhh 
By @merylpixelmagic @alyankovic been trying to upload bgs and pics for clients all day - still not fixed  #twitter #-fail
@twitter search has been giving me problems all day. 
#trvsdjam morning twitter. broadband has run out 
My twitter has been down for about 3 hours  sad day
TRYING to sign up with twitter. Having a hard time. 
ugh!! twitter hasn't let me upload a new picture for days now.. and won't let me return to the old one 
to all my tweet friends, I am sorry I wasnt able to get to write today other than tweets today!  been a busy evening.
ok.. this is sad..  I can pound out a ton of tweets in a single day, but struggle to focus on one post.. 
I'm awake  banned myself from twitter to attempt to help me revise :/ I have 1 hour 30 minutes to teach myself the whole course :S
@JackAllTimeLow hate that you're awake while i'm asleep. I wake up to great tweets but spend the day bored.  hope you're having a blast!
@themightybee  I understand.  I went out for the day after trying to pick you up via tweet..figured it'd be gone by the time I got back.
@jordanknight morning u! hows things? just read jons tweets, knew it was coming but so sad  muah x
@Whiteness sorry for delayed response, twitter f*&amp;ked big time! my pic is missing, my tweets are not showing up 
missing tweets from the last 30 days... 
@feblub I know. When I look on facebook, all my notifications are about games these days. V boring 
@Knot2serious When I first joined twitter @the_real_shaq followed me! Then 6months later, he unfollowed me. 
twitter is giving me such a hard time uploading my photo 
@rorygeoghegan dude that really sucks. just this morning i was thinking how great you'd be at updating fritz's twitter page. 
omg i have over 100 tweets to go back to... never again will i neglect twitter for days at a time.. mini laptop doesn't have tweet deck 
good morning my fellow tweets, i feel likee shitttttttttt. 
goodness, what have I missed, have been out all day, inbox is full, twitter box is 150 tweets, no time to read 
@TessieCash ohh so you can spend time with twitter but not me 
Logging off twitter for the remainder of the day. I'm a little overwhelmed right now. 
I have no time to tweets tonight 
wishes to read twitter updates but no time to do it 
the twitter fail whale has already made two appearances today 
@jhillstephens haha I thought so ;-) btw don't know what happened w/ my twitter wasn't followin u for a few days  o well, I'm back!
Not a single tweet in 3hours... I think all the birds been shot 
@pbur [cont] I guess that has not changed. I've been away from twitter for 2+ weeks, so this is all new to me now. 
@Froosh Haha - good call except I generally miss mine - I'm hopeless on twitter.. half the time I even miss those who speak to me 
Netfund paper starts in an hours time. Ahhh  - http://tweet.sg
evening all,,,,long time no twitter 
Wow. I'm getting tweets an hour late. What the suck? 
@lilyroseallen boo you bum .. u tweet all the time but never get back to the ppl that reply to ur tweets 
cant use twitter 5 days a week...so this is my last tweet until friday comes 
morning twitter, i had a tough time sleeping 
got an email saying they've posted my sims 3. it'll take 3-5 days  wtff. i want it on friday though 
Off to school  and good morning twitter world
In other news (as the far too many of my tweets are about marking these days!) - my graze box hasn't arrived.  
@asdiet I texted u a few times, you were probably on twitter but you don't like to respond to me 
not been on twitter in almost a week due to the absence of tweets 
forgot i made a twitter months ago....maybe ill get into this  lol
@cameronmstewart  it's been shit weather here for weeks. i will stubbornly ignore that tweet. ahhh. denial.
Previous tweet was about 20 hours late due to no cell coverage at the lake. I am no longer there, so I take back my greetings. 
@ludajuice and you're able to twitter? Impressed! I was so pick for 3 days 
@QueenofScots67 Silly in it, I've only been on twitter about 3 months and it was good to ff but now its got so annoying!  #antiff
@SongoftheOss sorry I was banned from twitter for an hour or so 
@brownymix13 so i used to get twitter updates from you through texts....but it stopped doing that. sad day 
Ahh man twitter will be down 10 pm my time 
Obviously I'm big in to twitter since I haven't logged on in 28 days. I'm trying. 
55 minutes until twitter dies 
twitter shuttin' down in half an hour 
only half an hour until twitter down-time  #LOFNOTC
@doxietrek yeah, I'm catching up on tweets and saw it's been a day to forget for you, so sorry 
I'm going to miss my twitter for an hour 
10 minutes and twitter goes down for maintenance 
bye 4 an hour twitter 
I haven't been on twitter all day, I feel un loyal 
too many tweets to catch up with.  I've been working crazy hours and no time to tweet! 
@thuydale aiyah! I don't check twitter like every minute. 
@sbjet: so sorry I missed the #HRHappyHour, the #followfriday was my last tweet before calling it a day  #DiscussHR
Morning Twitters, not around today, so no tweets or blogging, but I really do need to get on with it, I need a few days off 
@mymemoirs der- as i said i was looking up famous tweeters- adding more people will make the time taken to go through tweets longer 
@AdzNGreg busy working  no time for twitter lately!! where have u boys been?? havent talked to you in forever 
i have a twitter backlog of about 3 months. no internet at home 
Having another day with very few tweets coming through. 
back from class trip... was very cold and nice  but no twitter for a loooong time 
my twitter updates seem to become fewer and fewer as every week passes. i guess twitter doesn't do it for me any more 
@Schofe your tweet a few weeks ago got me onto the original one... I've only managed 40 on that 
ugh... time to clean  ttyl tweets!
I've neglected twitter these past few days 
The lovely @anglearyan leaves today  she's not feeling well-send her healing tweets!
1. 6 hours ago when i was on ebay/sims and had a break from twitter @davidarchie tweeted back to like 10 people and now im angry  haha
jumping on to twitter in apparently the first time in 20 days 
@thegame123 yeah, me too  but in about 15 days I'll have my twitter back, and you'll be gone  5 months is a long time!
@Caleyjags2009 hah, didn't get any sleep - ended up too late by the time i dragged myself off twitter i had to get to work! 
*sigh* i should not ever check my blog stats any more. hits have dropped tremendously &amp; time spent on page has well, flat-lined. 
I just read a news tweet that f*cked up my day. 
@urbancalvinist new to this twitter thing. I wa back in louisville but didn't get to see you  sorry. I'll be back again in two weeks.
@Nevidge20 I'm so sorry I just got your tweet  I haven't been on in a few days.
@JaneHungOz I've tried uploading it loads of times  stupid twitter
@auditiondanny i love your tweets but why no warped this summer?? 
really doesn't want to go to work today  any good excuses I can use my tweets?! like..my alarm  broke?! haha
@iflizi where have u been at stranger?! u dipped off on me  u havent sent me a tweet in a long time
housebound day. so expect alot of tweets about science revision 
@dellvink I stress about it all the time when tweeps follow me but they aren't following many others 
My twitter widget doesn't work  It says this post was 364 days ago.Lol xx
sorry I didnt tweet yesterday my computer wasnt working I am sad to come back on twitter and discover that you spent the day with M**** 
@nathanpalacios kinda feels like when twitter was down for an hour the other day!      Only worse!
@Dojie i know havent broke 200 tweets all day.so not fair  xoxo
No riding for the next 4 days.. Bummerrr.  off to camp! - http://tweet.sg
Being on twitter is not making my day go faster. 
I'm having a hard time posting my picture on twitter 
so busy lately...don't even have time for twitter 
great weekend!! So sad it's over  goodnight tweet world &lt;3
one tweet can get you down for the whole day. 
crazy night.  no time for tweeting  
ive had twitter 4 like 3 months and i still dont get it 
dear twitter. i am giving you up for the summer  i will miss you. see you in 10 weeks.
Gahhhh havent been on twitter for 3 days .... 
#twitterrific no longer loads tweets 
@ijustine For some strange unknown reason I haven't been getting your tweets  on tweetdeck and twitter.com for a few days now 
time to log out of twitter 
I fear for the day bebots (beboers) come onto twitter and wreck it like they do every other social network 
just got home. didn't tweet all day because my stupid iphone twitter app wouldn't let me 
seeing a spam following me in twitter for first time 
`I did make to the office today - will pick up my tweeting tomorrow as after a no tweet weekend - i lost 14 followers   please come back
I'm  trying to live stream video of my dog via ustream during the day, but by the time I get to work the broadcast's offline.  #mypupsadie
wtf twitter got blocked at my school 2 minutes after i was using it wtfff 
2 weeks later i still dont understand twitter ....@#$!#!@%#$!@#$!  
@themacgirl - i'd be curious to know how many tweets come through in 24 hours with #squarespace. the odds are basically not in our favor 
My app for twitter isnt working, so internet only tweets.  ...We live to fight another day.
working  havent been on twitter in a long time!
@alinafm that tweet is false!!! and even if it was true it would mean youre taking you revenge out 10 years later! 
good night twitter world. I have too much work to be distracted 
wow, twitter is announcing planned downtown.  what happened to the good old days of them just shutting it down? 
720 updates! omgggg it looks like yesterday i updated my twitter for the 100th time o_o am i addicted? 
No twitter, no phones, no TV... It will be a looong day 
@chucktvdotnet love the #chuck tweets- helps ease the pain of not being able to join in this week   hopefully next #chuckmemonday !!!
What am I doing? (last tweet = 2 months ago) ... not tweeting. 
they better not shutdown twitter for an hour 
Serious tweet: A friend of mines boyfriend passed away this weekend...I'm at a loss for words 
good night twitter, i have a feeling my own thoughts are gonna keep me up tonight... i love/hate this time of year 
has used her all her internet usage for the month so not sure how much i will be able to use twitter 
i used to use twitter to follow my favorite tech bloggers... good old days 
@tasyasampurno tweet less this week, how sad  twitter used to be perfect back then, right?
is pissed. i had to delete my myspace  yes, the one i had for all of two days.
I'm slowly pulling @stephoncotton into twitter.He'll probably end up w/ more followers than me in a day 
@HeidiLiz10 its been two months since you've been on here.. you can't diss twitter like that.. it misses you 
phones been dead all day.  tweet tweet! night.
been away from the tweet for a few days, only got the pally to 51  i probly wont play again til friday too. sadness.
Last meeting done, last email sent, last tweet posted, time to wander the offices and say goodbye to everyone @hearingdogs now 
twitter is having down time? 
feeling poop again had a good day though, twitter on my phone costs 50p a minute 
is frustrated. jeremy last is leaving twitter. we just haven't had enough time to develop a twitterlationship... 
thought id check twitter. but i wont be on properly for a while yet. gahh. i do miss twitter these days lol! 
@JoannaAngel But I wait all day for your tweets, tweetheart  haha
My work blocked twitter! No more twitter updates @ lunch time. 
OK. lunch is over again for the 2nd time this week!  hopefully i can sneak tweets later. BYES!
hasn't been on twitter in a long time.  my bad
@egeek forget about that last was just be being thick and not reading your tweet right, been one of those days 
update during the day + instant on switch = twitter FAIL 
omg my internet has not been working for 2 days,i was lost without twitter  i am really addictted to twitter 
has spent the last few hours replying to a massive back log of emails 
no internet at home so it's all fring/tinytwitter/facebook mobile for the next couple weeks  send me direct messages i'm so bored
morning tweets... on my way to work  it is so cold in oz !!
@KaddieCullen - im assuming from ur tweets that he left for the day? wanted to go with my little cousin but not sure if its worth it now 
last tweet of the day.  i'll miss you &lt;3
I think my phone stopped updating my tweets  In other news I now have 40/40 points in my class so hurrah!
@NKohrman LOL...I've been off of twitter for weeks!    I need to post his 'artwork' - so much fun!
My twitter updates have been off all day for some wierd reason.  I want them on...
Realizing I haven't logged onto my twitter account in a few days.... boo 
i'm so so so behind on twitter thanks to summer ministries  sad times!
will be on twitter break for a couple of days!!  
opening twitter.com after a loooong time 
@Poshpinkla I'm getting discouraged Ive been on this tweeting for 3 weeks now and have 59 freinds wtf 
Me thinks it's time for bed, 1am &amp; no iPhone update yet  *yawn* until tomorrow twitter friends!
sorry twitter! i forgot about you. I am officially quarantined! for 5 - 7 days 
@diecasthawaii a few more years for what? I had another twitter time out 
all my tweets are mixed up. tweets that were posted yesterday morning are @ the top and new ones that i haven't seen @ the bottom. WTH. 
long time no tweet  I've played so much drums, it's so fun!
I hate reading everyone's tweets 16 hours after they tweeted 
my previous tweet is no longer appropriate, because the fever continued until yesterday, and now me not feeling too well. too bad 
@paulina1 We need to get back on the same schedule, I keep missing your morning tweets! 
Just refreshed from the web..hopefully I will now get tweets back on my phone since its been silent for over 24 hours now. 
I should really start updating my twitter more often. Just been so bummed these days 
I am terrible at updating my twitter. I think my habit has been to do it once a week. 
@jenlen Our texts and emails are so jam-packed with info these days because of the reduced girl-time 
@elandutta No tweeting for past few days? 
working hard all day meant very little twitter time. 
Always hungry at this time!  - http://tweet.sg
shit that none of my following tweeted me back yesterday and @DonnieWahlberg said he read all his tweets, shame he didnt reply tho 
@angieg415 @jenisue heyo look at me, two (three!) tweets in as many hours!  but i must say, this twitter biz makes me uncomfortable 
haven't gotten twitter updates to my phone all day. boohoo 
Lol this is my 3rd tweet in a row.....i had aot of twitter moments &amp; thoughts b4 but now i dont rem them 
@slOfficeHours  wonders why i always  get the tweets after the hours are over 
@blingafe me neither  you'd have to do do like 1000 #squarespace tweets per day to have a chance lol.
ugh, almost overslept, now I don't have time to do anything, and that last tweet was *not* the one I wanted to leave up all day 
@barribaskoro Barriii i'm sorry i didn't see your tweet 2 days ago  It's been awhile since i've seen u, we should hang outtt.
I missed quite a few tweets on my phone over the past few days. 
I keep forgetting to put #babywearing on my tweets  maybe I'll get this  down before the night is over
havnt been on twitter all week - too sick to go on the coputer  now i am catching up by tweeting at school
@chiniehdiaz I don't get it though. I wasn't on for an hour and then I sent like four tweets and it yells at me! I didn't do anything! 
I'm out of minutes.  So I had to turn twitter off by the web. 
missing everyones tweets. off into town for a meeting with ash then work. happy days ... 
My tweet is all 6 days old. Makes me never want to update it 
okk...i have been neglegting twitter 4 soo many days now!!! 
is sick          first time on twitter !
shares sobbing while looking at her pics about 2 months ago. im so obese now   http://tinyurl.com/nwxmfe... http://plurk.com/p/11ylgz
Ugh, my twitter only updates to facebook at random times. 
@makeitandmendit so sorry, I didn't pick up your tweet in time 
hello guys. my last tweet....?... 23 hours ago...in these 23 h i've forgotten how to speak english 
I was listening to that one song with that same icon as on your twitter and its gone  anyway i just found your band 2 weeks ago and ilike
@davepeck hey dave im alex, 3 days old in twitter. can u help me get followers? 
first time on twitter. so confused 
is excited for the rest of my day! where are all my tweets from my friends? 
@adamlittlefield whattt who else got twitter...I legit miss the old days when it was just like you and I 
@jonaskevin he never answer my tweet.!  but i still love you. because i now you have a busy day.! &lt;3 u!
Wow...so I complelty ignored twitter for the day....sad day twitter 
having a very quick twitter-break, in 10 minutes it's back to the books 
I just got a message on facebook that the vocal camp I went to only has 33 campers for this year. 
One thing that makes me sad about concert time... No tweets  my phone is quiet LOL
@b_club good night. twt ya in a few days. taking a twitter sabbatical. its been a long time coming.   
sorry twitter, spam! i've been offline for an hour 
I am actually proper crippled today, typing this tweet is agony 
For my history 3100th tweet, I announce this as the last day of my on-campus writers retreat - sad panda.  
@catarina5 you're disappointed with me??  i'm sorry, but i didn't see ur tweet! next time, text me or call me, that way i shall see it :\
is doing her pre bed tweet.. i have to get up reasonably early tomorrow  that was a really boring tweet..ah wells night all
Wow I missed a lot on twitter last night  3 more days... -_-
@jordanhowell I know I saw your earlier tweet but haven't been at a computer all day 
Is only been a month on twitter and I updated 347 times I really don't have a life  
i will not get to get on here for over a week my how i will miss all of your tweets 
@denishua  I changed the field types to BIGINT length 80 but no change on my twitter thread 
Please ignore my last couple of tweets.  Normally I'd use alcohol as an excuse, but happy hour hasn't officially begun for me yet 
have  a wonderful weekend everyone!! i'll send some tweets over the weekend but unfortunately i can't see any of your tweets  later all!
Next week I won't be as active on twitter during the workday 
No update in musclenerds twitter for some 4 hours.. 
i miss u twitter  haha all day without make tweets :S haha hi 
My tweets are coming in over an hour later  to my cellphone.  
yay! I'm new on twitter! and I'm a ROBSTEN shipper..have you guys heard any good news? I need my robsten dose for the day! 
Reading tweets 'till I fall asleep... have a toothache 
Long day, no time for tweets 
Wishing I could go to con now after hearing all the con twitter talk.  And it's so close this year, too. 
@zeldman Haven't been able to favorite your tweets in over a week! 
ive been a little blue   i dont know why. Thats why no tweets 4 a few days.
@drewmoneyman that twitter page lasted one day fam 
Says I aint been on twitter n 20 days.. I probably wont be on for another 30 lol Right now sitting @ my old home &amp; missing it very much. 
I think I be on twitter at the wrong time lol I swear it be mad people up late when I'm sleep but now that I'm up no1s on  blah
What a wast of time... I don't think I am going to be a twitter bug....... 
going on twitter hiatus until futher notice..let the suffering begin 
sorry for the few tweets only. losing the internet connection every 5 seconds all day long 
So disappointed with the service at 15minutes  - http://tweet.sg
So sad I will not see tweets from @DonnieWahlberg @dannywood @JonathanRKnight @jordanknight @joeymcintyre on my phone 2day. 
@yelyahwilliams  hayley you add me in the pat twitter  add me now ^^ have a nice day!
@artagnon unfortunately coding these days has become an event for me  hence the tweet..
We won't play rangers next year except in ws.  I sent him a tweet saying i wish he were on the giants u probably saw that haha
I just realise it's been 2day i didnt get to tweet tweet alr  miss you twitter ^^
going to bed paris 2moz  will be my last tweet for a week 
Is at her apartment nervous about tmrw!!! 30 days and no twitter, email or phones 
what a horrible day. Ugly weather and sick as a dog  But @chantelYO fufilled my twitter dreams, so that makes me happy.
@corrosivefrost I was using it for a coupla days, then it started eating my tweets. 
 my phone isn't working so I haven't been able to update my twitter all day   
I dont want this month to end.  - http://tweet.sg
@catchthizTEE aight mos def if you get to my tweets in time   lol
@xJessieSmilex http://twitpic.com/7zijz - i CAN'T believe i wasn't there that day 
My phones not receiving updates from twitter  is there a lag time after setup?
Its getting late...  my typing skills are getting worse over my past three tweets  ----- signing off in about 5 minutes
is having a hard time keeping up with twitter.  darn i  miss my blackberry.
I was registerws in twitter 3 years ago, but it looks like it was with my old sun.com account and there is no way to recover it 
Thats cuz i hardly see you floating around the twitter camp these days  where you beeeee at?
@musicald Thats cuz i hardly see you floating around the twitter camp these days  where you beeeee at?
Not many tweets this morning  I guess everyone's with there father's going with mine in about 20 minutes!
damn twitter search... broken when i wanted to start building something with it... where are my tweets older than 2 weeks ago... 
@Livingdeadpingu was just a lil worried as i saw her last tweets looked like she wasnt having great time 
I'm still at the first question  after 3 hours. How cool. I just got distracted - http://tweet.sg
Heading back to durham...back t school  2nd tweet in a week I'm gettin better LOL
@pepscake It's all your fault. I don't even like twitter and I spent one hour trying to make my profile more sexy. 
Long time no tweet. No internet over the weekends  I really need to get on that...
Could these two irritating &quot;Features&quot; of twitter be the end of my short lived twittering days...I was just starting to enjoy it too!! 
is back, concert was awesome but I sure wish I could have spent more time with @tabbicat @OffTheHook77 &amp; my new twitter pal @irishgirl75 
@chrisdejabet http://bit.ly/KDkvO  twitter can't tell time  #getoffmylawn
is sad that her facebook official boyfriend will be gone for a week 
been on a tweet break the last few days but i'm back now...taming the beast most call hair, ugh! 
A fortnight without internets 
@cjoffe27 take a look at my tweets from about 5 minutes ago and read the devastating news! 
@lfesvr  I missed that tweet   I turned them off a couple of days ago and now I have to catch up big time..lol
thunderbird replicating my gmail inbox on local ...taking time.. 
my bf says i send 2 many tweets a day, is that possible? 
@SkotchDavis you're not having a good week, I suspect through your tweets 
@mxcyrus I'm glad you still enjoy getting my tweets, I'm going to be heading out in like 5 minutes 
Morning twitterverse. Apparently a big day of work today. Lots to do. So probably no tweeting 
Once again I have been neglecting my twittering... like anybody reads mine anyways lol. 2 tweets in three days... pfft, that is pitiful 
i havent been on twitter in like three days (camping) boringh 
@leeteuk I will make you have 1300 follower by marketing your twitter in my homepage&lt;3 but it will take a long time 
I've been following wil wheaton on twitter for about a week now and yet his tweets don't make any sense to me at all...I'm not smart 
watching ghosthunters. reading late night tweets. i want some company 
ive just woken up, &amp; its the first morning ive had without any emails in a really long time. 
can't sleep....hence the tweet at 3:45 in the morning 
@iSparkleToo i lost some of my followers the other day, but they showed up again after a day. twitter's screwing up a bit lately. 
@WaTaFoLLowRJess Dammmm jess u tweet like every 5 days  lol
@devynburton I sent my comment a few days ago. Just had those emails come to me, so I gave up, lol! sorry you can't see them anymore 
@Leenygma I call for a week off twitter. It's killing the web 
i know i have not been asleep for nearly enough time when i wake up and the number of new tweets in my twitterfox is 32. 
Taking the day off from the interwebs... no Tweets, no emails, and no boards for me 
My goodness! I haven't used twitter for weeks!  well, i'm online again via mobile. Haha.
@KSiddall I cannot shake people. like fake spambots, I block 'em, and the next day they are there again! I emailed twitter 
Phone died No twitter the whole time at work 
wow, my last tweet was 4 days ago...my life is boring 
On twitter about to tweet as much as I can before I go to a funeral  I hate going to funeral's!!!!!! Two in one month  
in bed with an headache. my first time on twitter. let's see if I manage to upload a photo? 
@JennyJS hehe  now i can send him tweets all the time 
i think its time for a myspace eedit.. i just ceebs doing it.. besides i am writing my diary for amelia 
Working on new features for twitter-patter.com - launch in three weeks - delayed two weeks due to client additions.  
Up to 50+ followers in less than a week of re-discovering my twitter account. Not sure how good that is but I'll take it  Thanks everyone!
Having a tweet day, so get ready for the updates 
is dancing  hows the twitter wold to day?
trying twitter for the first time 
i could spend an entire day writing witty responses to @bitchwhocodes tweets. and it would be a day well spent. 
Just got a twitter and maybe one of these days someone will actually see it 
Is back on twitter... glad to see you are still running   I have had the most incredible week
checking twitter out for the first time!!  woo hoo 
YES!  My tweets from last weekend are back. 
@bradroll &quot;tweets&quot;, i believe, is what the kids call them these days. 
@tumblestack: thanks! looking forward to following your tweets. sounds like a great day there 
Having me time. Watching movies online then do some cleaning  lata tweets
Wondering who else actually used twitter that I know.  And enjoying the day with no more exams left 
@navy83girl look at @joeymcintyre tweets from the other day 
hello frinds :p  this is the 1st time I use twitter &amp; I hapy to follow you 
feels great now - message from a tweet made my day 
@icat99 I was interviewed a few days ago by a journalist because of how twitter has become part of my lifestyle 
@LiliCosic I knew I was close,but didn't realise when I went past!I've been tweeting for almost 5 months,that's a lot of tweets per day! 
Is nervous.. 15 minutes and i'll find out what this is about... And don't worry twitter, you'll be the first to know 
getting used to this twitter, its my first time 
logging on twitter for the first time ever 
@Drev finally on twitter! another application to waste long hours in front of, or just go on once and forget it about it 
@JonathanRKnight i love waking up to your tweets    glad to hear you had a great time last night. can't wait to meet you in bristow, va!
My first day at twitter 
morning twitter world!!  wow i am still sooo tired but i need to get ready to go to church.
@DavidFeng as many tweets as the number of seconds spent on the subway ? 
good morning from 'bama twitter world! 
@jowyang yes, twitter had a massive O this week.  it's now a broadcast medium
Right now? I'm working on twitter - what else? Also am enjoying sun and thinking about better days.  
@jelleprins woohoo, twitter reaction time games are fun 
adam sandlers tweets mae my day 
sleep is needed at this time! goodnight my three twitter followers haha 
is up an hour earlier then usual (so i might be on time to school today yay me)@MariahCarey thx for the wakeup tweets!  lol
check the blog in 3ish hours...big news  http://redtagcrazy.com
Updating my twitter since I haven't done that in 5 days 
new tweet for moni: countdown: 18 days  
@bellascottxx can you imagine if we didn't have iPhones we would have to go for like 7 hours without twitter :/ but it's okay 
@luther71 we have the same last name   who honestly has time for twitter? maybe this is what i will do/figure out on my days off work...
Morning Tweets  make it a great day!
my first time on twitter!!! 
@superpaw how can you plurk and use twitter at the same time??  I can't seem to handle the updates on plurk. hahahaha!
back later tweets - enjoy every moment of your day! 
is having a twitter of a time 
I got a backlog of 3,000+ unread tweets in the last 3 days from just 20 ppl 
@JanneJanne yup! when i found that blog i literally sat there for 2 hours going through as many pages as i could. conquered all 84 ages 
@JohnsonAshley The day will bring....tweets. Thousands of them. 
@vyzion360 Thanks for the tweet on making your day more fun in tweet land 
@bullyinguk getting so much out of interaction with eczema sufferers on twitter: every day I am learning 
@algore I waste my time on twitter 
@silverwolf1969 By the time I got to the tweet below...I just knew I'd &quot;follow you anywhere&quot;!!!    
@Makuluwo best news I've heard all day ;) (not about you not having stuff to blog about...the previous tweet  )
uploading my last video of the day: random questions tag. tagged by roxanne! thanks beautiful! 
@SkinJunkie thanks  and some day I will get back to my twestory where a story is told via tweets.
Using twitter for the first time 
morning to my 300 followers  tanks for being interested in my updates. more #happymaking will follow www.happymaking4u.blogspot.com
and this one is the 10Kth tweet. heh. its been quite some time being here on twitter 
good day twitter 
set up http://twitter.com/g5poker for all your live poker needs (once we launch next week  )
is using twitter from her phone for the first time 
@radiomorgan LOL! One of the funniest tweets I've read all week 
Off to the craft show! I set my phone up with twitter so I am sure i will be a dork and post some updates throughout the day. lol 
I shall hold a twitter event! Where no one tweets for an hour! Details coming soon. 
@clarissapepsi best twitter post of the day 
I absolutely love how people follow me on twitter when I get on every few days, make a comment and leave. It makes me feel so POPULAR!!! 
good afternoon twitter bug 
good week to all my twitter friends! 
@TomFelton i got hooked on twitter last week, when i stumbled upon your page. LOL i read them for 1.5 hrs straight..!! craazy ! 
@ando67 two tweets in one year and only following me is nutso, dear 
Thats a good start - looking forward to reading some interesting tweets 
time for me to blog. blog. blog..  jeez.. sometimes i take hours blogging. how cool is that?
Checking out twitter for the first time to see how she likes it... 
Getting off twitter to spend some time with my dogs cheezy and molly 
showertime. might be back on. ill send a tweet if i get to stay up and see the surprise 
The top 5 words I've tweeted: twitpic, day, love, know, happy.  I have 9 twooshes (140 character tweets). http://tweetstats.com
I can't wait till @LeBomba gets backs, to tell me his opinions on my crazy tweets - 2 days to go! 
good day tweet fam 
Wow, only just noticed everyones followfriday tweets (was busy the last 2 days!) thanks everyone who recommended me!  ?
apparently I was on twitter for a year and didn't know it - I'm live now 
twitter in the morning... twitter in the evening... twitter at supper time! if i had my way it would be twitter all the time! 
@peter433 facebook is better than bebo (that's full of spam these days!) I still have both for some reason ! 
@magnebergan  It is actually surprisingly easy to stay away from twitter. I really enjoyed it this time, don't think I missed much either
@archangelmaggie yea she literally just posted a tweet about it the same time you did. make sure you call me tho haha 
@kevinhagen check my feed from friday night for live tweets from the cair presentations!  hope the quotes are accurate!
@hellotiffy I don't see many tweets from you, the ones I worry about are the ones who tweet all day, and then up and stop 
That last post was from twitterfeed, sorry for tweeting about SwagBucks so many time 
@taraschwarze Not sure my tweets will be up to usual standard for some days while I wake up 
well time to go to bed!  goodnight twitter world! 
I suggest we have an #unfollow #monday on twitter, a day to cleanup your twitter timeline 
Just decided to ditch facebook  i think that was the healthiest choice i've made in recent weeks
off to training   going to be surprising how i trained in 2 months nearly :O twitter me    be on later tonight.
Sleeeeeep time, 'Night twitter people, have a wonderful night 
This time I won't get back on twitter until the blood comes back to my brain 
9100 tweets....just living the rockstar life one tweet at a time. 
@robluketic You're not kidding when you say you have to be fast, are you?  I was there like 5 seconds after your tweet: nothing.
@dfapam /you do..../ And this is in response which of the 20,000 tweets from over the weekend? 
@TSapi1 I saw your tweet a couple of weeks ago that had that hashtag, so wanted to contribute since I am a huge Mitch fan 
@MrsMoNJ ha i dunno! i usually check it during the day and i've only been caught bcz i replied to your tweet 
You should retweet others good tweets at least 10 a day to get involved into things at twitter 
I'd like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment I sew the tweet until now. 
I'd like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment I saw the tweet until now. 
ahhh twitter, I havent seen you all day 
ending my evening on the best note.  i will love you forever, tweets.
@shiraabel going through your tweets right now, probably missed all the good ones in the last 4 hours 
Morning all  sun is shining, birds are singing - time for a cuppa T in the garden while reading tweets  http://twitpic.com/4ws9r
@mrgooglealerts you probably saw my tweet 2 hours ago and  you followed me? thanks. 
yay back only, but for a limited time! still poor, girl is all going well and i'm going on hols to dubai soon. miss twitter! 
i really liked my one hundredth tweet. i didnt even know that was on purpose 
I should rest now. It was nice tweeting with you fellow tweeters! So exhausted... but, glad my mom had a wonderful day! 
finally checking out facebook!  It's probably about time, but it seems so much scarrier than twitter  
ah twitter sessions..cant wait for mancardi/jase/wooly with @annabelliefman 
it was time for a twitter icon/background change. 
@ashleytisdale looks like you had a great time  How are you? i just got twitter yesterday 
@brado86 number of tweets compared to number of seconds since epoch.. 
@kkozmic haha, no I opened the twitter late !  how's the day ?
@ChesterBe http://twitpic.com/54l9v - You make my day 
coffee free, nearly tweet free but not torrent free day 
It's a beautiful day sweet tweets  smile
right, time for @ambermaishment to come on twitter  you should follow her, she really is the bees knees ! bye for now twitter!
and yeah.. #supernatural : happy supernatural day twitter  
@crazytwism Its just that I am free now,and I just cant stop myself from tweeting!  Lots to compensate for the twitter withdrawal period!
hey guys.. how's it goin?  i missed updating here in twitter.. my last update was like.. 3 days ago..
nothing like a last minute wedding booking to brighten up your day, - oh and you can now subscribe to my blog via email 
I have a dream that one day we will all be judged not by our profile picture, but by the content of our tweets. 
@GottaLaff  on twitter; march is like a million years ago 
nearly 80 fellow tweetsters follow me in the last 48 hours. Wow, thanks a lot for the follows! I will put my best foot forward on tweets! 
@ruthiecbf One tweet every 30 days isn't too bad 
pete wentz's twitter backgroud makes me smile every time i see it.  aw.
catching up on all tweets from the week gone!  i've been studdyin maan... =D
@oregondave NAh probably his girlfriend is getting his twitter time 
I am very happy, granted sore &amp; tired as all get out, that I can see @aplusk and @mrskutcher tweets  time to blog
i meant *waiting* on that last tweet. well, time for bed i guess? 
@mediahunter could talk to you for many hours about that . . i will msg you as in the middle of very important work - eurovision twitter 
.@gunkanator  put the hashtag at the end of every tweet you send today  #noundiessunday
studying is over for today  twitter time 
@tommcfly really enjoing all of your tweets ... laughing my ass of every day  love youuuu
just sitting here readng my tweets i wish i was famous *sigh* i will be one day 
15 Tweets until I'm at the 200 mark. D'you think I'll make it by 2 o' clock? 
decided to give this twitter thing a go again. Not sure if it's a dangerous idea. Barely have time for blogging these days 
tweet tweet, im boreddddddddddddddddddddddddd i want the half term now  sleep ins woooooop
@thegame123 because of me so I could annoy less people... I don't know. I do know that may is an insane month for tweets 
alright tweets. i'm out to enjoy this day! 
@AlbrightDC I've got all the people I need at the moment, but will be working on a similar blog next week. I'll be in touch! Thanks! 
first time on twitter 
just one day... and cruise is over... and more twitter is coming again 
the mobile site of the day is www.justjared.com because everyone needs a daily dose of celeb gossip 
It was a good day  http://twitpic.com/5eqz9
I'm anticipating a barrage or embaressing photos to appear on facebook over the next week. I deny everything in advance... 
@kpereira Your mid-earthquake tweet just made me a lifetime follower... or at least until next week 
can' sleep. on twitter... for the first time 
# @DeliciousLunch ... dark chocolate cookies? oh you tease! I'm writing to day n dipping into twitter for company 
well haha to her if her tweets to jon got lost in the thousands...he will never see the s**t she writes 
np, looking forward to some geek tweets  have a good day @ogerrard
@fva you got some good tweets there  we survived our 1st year of startup  happy and excited
got back from the dentist. twitter time! 
I want to reach 100 tweets by the end of the day 
davidmckelvey: @nkers congrats! If you get bored in the next few days, we've got a redesign...  http://tinyurl.com/p5snbc
getting updated on all the tweets ... i hope I win the philosophy give away   It sure is fun to read a little inspiration each day.
twitter time. 
@pageoneresults be glad you didn't notice me earlier, you'd have had to put up with the 50 or so eurovision tweets at the weekend 
LOL - I mentioned mazuma mobile the other day in a tweet re their advert, and now they're following me 
my favorite twitter quotes/people from the last 48 hours or so are in my favorites 
my last login on twitter- one year ago 
up and gym bound - after a little breakfast and pre-wrkout stretch  http://twitter.com/bangtrim/statuses/1835460856
@BlueLint hey, thanks  im chewing gum, tinkering w/ wolfram alpha &amp; getting ready to write some blogs -&gt; great day so far ;) how are you?
last year we had like 5 people on twitter here.  now, cant keep up with us all  #emcworld
I hope I bring you smiles &amp; laughs one tweet at a time. 
It's my first time on twitter? yes, it is... 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5o6qh - Not a day off twitter I hope..?  btw, wotcha listening to in those funky earphones..?
Browsing at blogs that deals around fashion...hmm seriously this gabut session makes my day! 
@prempanicker Pulls in all feeds made, or just those with the hashtag? Now on road, should be on the job in an hour plus 
25% off all subs all week long! Just mention twitter 
@psenough i had this twitter running for over 5 months, still havent found some practical use though, but still i'm optimistic 
Gooood morning twitter world. Finally had a looong sleep.  Yay.
i am on twitter for the first time whoooo 
#followfriday recs: @Pharaonick: b/c he has good travel tweets &amp; gives reasons for following on #followfriday. 
@hollisthomases a week away from twitter could never negate the super social media lessons i learned from you at #sesny  hope all is well!
good morning twitter world 
I must admit that the days we release I feel in heaven with all your tweets, it's the only reason why we release that often 
The rest of the events team will be practicing their twitter skills for the next two weeks, so be kind 
Informing random stalkers of what you're doing, one tweet at a time.  
havnt been on twitter in a whole 9 days, hate not having my hiptop, home in 11 daysssss yeww 
first time in twitter.welcome 
@benjamintelfer our twitter friendship is over! !!!!!!!!!!!!! meh... I spell his name wrong all the time 
Too busy to keep up with twitter recently, twibble is acting up still as well, hope all is well with everyone! Having good days to! 
| net takes its 3rd day off... daaaaayum! (but twitter) 
its my first time on twitter, but anybody do it... well lets go 
Awaiting the flowers on facebook farmtown... how long are two weeks? 
sorry about the angry tweets the past few days. i got upset, but i'm over it 
.@freshypanda i stayed awake on twitter for 31 hours once 
Just told granduncle about twitter... year.. spreading the word 
is still a bit confused with twitter.. ah well time to play WoW again 
@carlo4twenty4 see your next tweet in 6 months. glad to know you are alive. 
