Most common words for this cluster:
[('twitter', 816), ('lol', 18), ('com', 13), ('doesnt', 11), ('haha', 10), ('yay', 9), ('u', 8), ('x', 7), ('http', 5), ('r', 4), ('m', 4), ('wow', 4)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'twitter', 1.0000003576278687), (u'Twitter', 0.8908905386924744), (u'Twitter.com', 0.7536782622337341), (u'tweet', 0.7431628108024597), (u'tweeting', 0.7161935567855835), (u'tweeted', 0.7137227058410645), (u'facebook', 0.6988555788993835), (u'tweets', 0.6974528431892395), (u'Tweeted', 0.6950218081474304), (u'Tweet', 0.6875006556510925)]





@charlietm I know right. I dunno what is going on with twitter. 
finding it really hard to use twitter 
why luke worral doesnt have twitter? 
shutting off twitter 
ughhhhhhhhhh twitter is bing sooooo retarded 
just got twitter and has noone following me 
I broke m.twitter.com too  http://twitpic.com/2ycz0
ahhh i just got a twitter yay but i can't put up a pic it won't let me 
@MCRmuffin thought about quitting twitter  but i cant leave you and @simplyalli!
trying to get moby instelled with twitter  doesn't work really. not yet
i am listening music but I still lost in twitter 
#asot400 i duno how to work twitter haha 
trying to figure twitter out  i dnt get it 
might be getting banned from twitter 
I've been neglecting my twitter lately how tragic 
i forgot about twitter  i'm sorry twitter.
is very mad twitter won't let me uplode my pic.... 
is upset that @cassyecky  hasn't been on twitter lately. Where r u?i miss u 
@cmellmer  How long have you been on twitter
@JustJuanne I hadn't realized you were protected... my bad! just thought twitter was busy...  
twitter is actually wack 
@kthxx roflllll no he doesn't have twitter  he said he doesn't have one on twitter
hey, sorry for not being on twitter again and again and again 
trying to figure out what twitter is for 
wonderiing how to use twitter 
@coColesy twitter is hard  lol
@jgroundwater twitter!! 
is trying to enjoy twitter... 
can't find my alyssa on twitter 
@Spitphyre absolutely! why isnt hugh on twitter  #yaymen
@MikeDCullen but you're not loving you some twitter 
can't find megan on twitter 
@OfficialAshleyG that my twitter is working.. 
i have no twitter Friends 
i have been neglectin twitter recently 
my twitter always lagss. damn 
my twitter always lagsss. damn 
I don't know hou to use twitter 
doesn't like twitter 
twitter doesn't like me 
twitter is hard to use  ...... i think lol
i am soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo soz twitter i feel so ashamed 
twitter membosankan 
has just joined twitter &amp; doesnt know what to do 
  only 2 ppl are following me on twitter now. bffs stopped tweeting and i tried to tweet them about it but they said i didnt get it
is trying to figure out how to use twitter 
huhuhu. twitter makes me confused. 
I can't find my besfriend's twitter. 
twitter starting to get boring 
@itssamy u r too fast on twitter... i am still learing it 
My twitter is messed up 
can't find anyyyyone on twitter 
i'm not understanding twitter 
just realised i spelt twitter wrong 
Has just joined twitter and is currently alone 
@xlucyguest twitter is working, just not mail, 
never uses twitter. 
i really dont like twitter 
i've been neglecting twitter 
i still don't understand twitter that much... 
@bobbryar Where are you? i miss you in twitter 
@ohmymary twitter is beating me 
trying to understand twitter..still confused 
jenni still does not understand twitter 
Doesnt know how to use twitter 
Starting a new twitter, 
still trying out how to use twitter 
is off to bed. twitter is confusing 
twitter is frustrating me 
fucking giving in to twitter! 
twitter is boring  i am so alone
it took so long to join twitter i wish i did it earlier 
it took me  so long to join twitter i wish i did it earlier 
just got twitter..now trying to figure it out..  
twitter doesn't allow us to sing long enough comments 
Just joined twitter and not sure what I'm supposed to be doing yet  
exploring twitter 
Morning twitter 
twitter is soo... messyy 
I haven't been keepin up w my twitter lately n I feel so bad 
i hate when twitter wakes me up... 
i can only answer via twitter darling. 
wondering how to use twitter 
just made a twitter- confused! 
@jgroundwater twitter? 
feedly doesn't recognize my twitter 
@raecakes79 she cant!  yessss she need to get a twitter
Morning twitter...twitterena isn't opening for me no more 
will be giving up on twitter, still not into this at all 
i cant find deborahs twitter  x
fucking twitter! 
using twitter 
I love using mobile twitter, too bad i cant afford it 
Trying my best to like twitter.... but still feel its jinXed.......?????????........ 
My twitter has gone mobile. WTF 
@tweetrimony unfortunately he is not on twitter.. so sad.. 
i am sooooooooooooo confused bout twitter 
My twitter aint wokring 
my twitter is still not working properly 
@HeriCabral would you like to call me back? or am I going to get rejected on twitter? 
Aww poo, I refreshed my twitter too much 
Hey, new at twitter! What's up? I'm so bored, ugh 
twitter is fucked it wont let me change my pic 
ugh i hate on twitter i keep replying to them but they cant see it unless they follow me 
doesnt understand twitter at all. 
50 twitter following me . Now just have 49 . Oahhh 
i dont understand twitter 
Geeez I guess I will go to bed since my twitter is so slow....  
I feel like I am spamming twitter.  So not cool 
my twitter has been hacked again 
@Pickleybaby - your twitter is broken 
why did I ever delete my twitter? 
@LLCee I had to find out via twitter 
My twitter is on c r a c k 
twitter is trippin right now with my pic 
@zyber17  does he have a twitter?
I don't know how to use twitter!! 
twitter is acting weird 
doesnt understand twitter 
@hollymarie79 I have the twitter but I can't follow you 
I tweet becuse without twitter I wouldn't exist. 
i still hate twitter 
twitter is being mean 
is anyone else always getting signed out of twitter? and omgosh still so much studying 
How can I fix my twitter? 
Getting confused on twitter 
twitter is so odd....i dont get it 
twitter is being mean to me. 
stupiidd twitter won't let me upload my picc 
@thiscollegelife i cant find howcollege on twitter 
I actually got text twitter to work, niceeee. I can't sleep 
wondering why I joined twitter... must be very bored 
hey ontd twitter hasn't found me yet 
i want my twitter back 
is frustrated at twitter 
i was blocked by twitter  nevermind... #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming
still new on twitter 
just got twitter, how do you work it? 
@Zuly_13: ok so i tried to get cooper into twitter. . . . He laughed at me.. Lol 
I don't really know how to use twitter well. 
Has had terrible signal in culford so had not been on twitter or able to text @georgiobaker 
3.  has now turned to  cause he's checking my twitter which means he was thinking of me 
is confused by twitter .. 
i cant upload a pic for twitter..AHHHHHHHH  lol
@karlenenene HAHA! I have no timeee!!  And twitter's so much easier+faster 
@twitter ??? couldn't get it   
I just signed up for twitter. 
still doesn't understand twitter 
is really upset with twitter right now 
twitter is acting weird it keeps booting me off. 
I just came on to twitter and found out who won! No!!!!!! I'm watching it the now and didn't want to know yet  I'm happy they won though!!
??????????? ?? ?? twitter-a.. ?? ?? ?? ???? ?? ?? ??????? ????????? ???? ??? ??? ?????? ??????? ???? ?? ?????? ? ????????????           
twitter is confusing! 
ugh...twitter is down 
Still not letting me on twitter... 
@youngQ I think we brokeded twitter I couldn't get it to pull up either 
twitter.. stop crashing 
twitter doesn't like me tonight   #mmwanted
twitter is trippin. 
back on twitter, studying though, it sucks 
My twitter is all slow 
whyyyy does twitter keep going down   
ugh twitter. you're rude. i'm just trying to save i think you're weird and i miss colin. 
I dont think twitter is feeling too good 
@DaveHamilton that and it's really dependent on twitter - so when twitter is down it is too 
says twitter's down ...  http://plurk.com/p/xaypc
trying to understand twitter 
Just a new twitter......confusing 
@kgyrl8 My twitter won't let me follow u 
@JeNjEn2007 twitter is being slow 
I've never been restricted on twitter 
that's sad, why did they remove #ontd? aw.  don't be mean, twitter.
twitter was down and out for me now everyone's in bed 
@FilmFreakFranco javier!!! i need you to explain twitter to me. im cornfused. 
can't work twitter  !
D: only just came back onto twitter 
twitter is screwing up  not cool
Pissed off that @twitter banned my @iTouchmaster101 
@brightondoll twitter it trying to fuck with you 
@mwtsnx I'm missing you on twitter!!! 
suspened from twitter on x3Emmaax33 
is so confused by twitter. 
@jenae90 lol i always miss when @teemwilliams is on twitter 
twitter still won't let me upload a pic 
twitter= novo viciu  {2}
Is missing twitter 
twitter doesn't like me 
not understanding twitter!! 
is feeling lonely on twitter 
@iveeanne I wish he did have twitter, but I don't think he does.   It would have been fun to bully him! LOL
does not understand twitter.. 
Wondering why my twitter for my I pod isn't working 
What happened with my twitter? 
twitter is lagging I see huh 
Is trying to work twitter out!!!! 
why is my twitter so dead now? 
@joshthomas87 touchy on twitter really!!! I have not not been felt up here yet? 
i almost had to get rid of my twitter!  haha
is wanting to add kandace on twitter but cant 
 @Emmmaa___ has been on twitter for agesss! its extremely quiet without her 
twitter doesn't like my pic 
i don't know how to use twitter 
twitter is sooooooo difficult 
twitter isn't being very nice to me right now 
i dont understand twitter 
I don't understand twitter yet 
@capistrano99 why can't i twitter on my blackerry? 
how do you work twitter 
I don't understand twitter !!!!! I'm lost 
My twitter is acting up 
@jlovesjonas I miss you tooooo  Haha. And twitter doesn't seem to like you very muchh. LOVEE YOUU &lt;3
wondering why my twitter is not liking me right now 
doesn't understand twitter 
twitter wont listen to me 
@lawvincent heyyy u twitted my twitter 
i dont understand twitter.. 
why doesn't any of me gwood fwens on twitter? 
My twitter is not updating 
i'm officially addicted to youtube and twitter  ....
didnt make it... because of exploring twitter 
@Natsherif so I've been replaced by twitter now? 
realizing that i've been neglecting twitter.    but work is actually interesting now. matthew is keeping me very busy!
doesnt understand twitter, at all 
just joining twitter...i feel left out 
trying to learn how to use twitter 
Trying to figure out who is the other RichardLynch already on twitter 
@xoxokimmie twitter apparently ate her when i wasn't looking... 
Ah david won't add me on twitter i feel denied 
why do i always neglect twitter 
doesn't know how to use twitter... 
22:19 and I'm still not off twitter 
i cant find jamai on twitter. 
@suzilicious25 twitter has been very screwy lately. 
@HarshitaSingh ed left twitter now what? 
been too busy for twitter lately  :O
I don't use twitter 
lonely on twitter 
why doesn't celina want a twitter?  ))
@briansouthall i'm sorry you had to find out via twitter. 
i feel like twitter has forgotten about me 
far out twitter is complicated 
trying to figure out why I can't follow ' JaegerM ' on twitter - but he can follow me .... ?  He doesn't show up in 'search' for me 
twitter iko down!!! 
i dont understand twitter. . 
twitter i have neglected u 
http://twitter.com/mitchelmusso i wish i could go!! 
Itouch is missing....twitter is not very accesible. 
@JennAltheimer I'm so glad we can relate! haha. I just saw this...I still don't know everythig about twitter 
not customized with twitter 
@SaVvYRoZe you've been a little silent on twitter lately 
is off to bed dissapointed, @tommcfly and @dannymcfly NEVER tweet me back!  night twitter!
still kinda doesn't fully understand how to use twitter LOL 
@clarissaboo no I love YOU more! and yeshhh I've had a twitter, but never really went on that much. 
i don't understand twitter 
@reddog187  twitter can't go down.
@ my twitter isn't working right 
@kmbar @asdavis10  LOL...right... I think I'm already getting weary...like I felt after twitter put me on timeout...  #3rdshift
can't update my twitter regularly. 
twitter still trippin 
twitter i hate u right now. i'm out 
@mattwright493 bad twitter indeed. it broke my tweetdeck 
ahhh twitter is not working!! frustrated 
@preachagirl doesn't know how to use her twitter properly 
it is too early to be up, showered and on twitter 
I don't think I like twitter 
i dont know how to use twitter 
twitter hacked 
@christinaponi ohk.... she's not on twitter.... 
@kingtee1 ok.....so nomore twitter 
i don't understand twitter i can't use it 
Morning twitter! I have been neglecting you! I'm sorry 
@StewartKris sorry your twitter got hacked. 
doesnt quite get twitter 
still dont know how to talk to ppl on twitter 
I wish I used my twitter more than I do 
doesn't understand twitter 
how weird, i can still send haha. tweetdeck isnt updating  twitter.com here i come
@NeverYouNeverI @LISAAASTHOUGHTS - pleeeeease, don't spam twitter again 
@itsjustjeni awwwww. I'm sawrie!!! I haven't gone on twitter! 
rachael forced me to get twitter 
i don't understand twitter 
I'm loving twitter right now even tho i dont no how to work it 
@Berechitax r u on? my twitter is crazy 
I've been not so faithful to twitter 
@wizbiff I know...I'm just standing back here catching up on twitter 
@peaceloveabby9 twitter hates me 
found @katieb206 on twitter  @shalondasblog called it first though 
lol, twitter is uselesss!! 
twitter is pertyy boringg 
Is too busy for twitter 
twitter is hard, how do i do it  lol
@chelsayers  You didn't sound that excited when i got a twitter 
Ive never been on twitter this late 
has just got twitter and i dont get it 
has just got twitter and i dont get it 
Not very keen on twitter. 
twitter reverted to an old pic  what's with that?
can't update my twitter regularly. 
My twitter isn't working properly 
@deesofierce Yursh but they have abandoned twitter 
i dont understand twitter 
 i dont understand twitter
OH NO! i refreshed twitter and it went back to normal 
twitter is being mean 
don't understand twitter 
@Hickelmi i'm not a twitter addicted. 
twitter makes me sad 
my other twitter VAnneeHudgens has been hacked. 
@BethiHime_x why are you spamming twitter? 
geeemt, oq aconteceu com o twitter @RafaBaronesi ??? excluiram? 
Cheguei tarde no twitter hoje 
I dont like twitter so far 
@Cheeg I will do!  I'm trying to get her to use twitter more, but she's not into it 
trying to learn how to use twitter 
I duno how to work twitter  x
Its sad. I can't bring myself away from twitter 
my twitter is broken 
@jakeandamir does pat not have a twitter 
Is officially lame for making a twitter 
headache  .. goodnight twitter x0
Arrh twitter i dont understand 
I'm a twitter virgen 
@flowerhope @Noahcyrus1998 is not my twitter 
i think @KrisAllenmusic blocked me on twitter. 
i keep forgetting i have a twitter  i'm so busy lately. ugh.
@srhbtts your twitter is mean. 
I think I don't like twitter 
i should NOT be on twitter right now 
i dont like twitter 
I have not been on twitter in so long 
doesn't understand twitter! 
@matthewshawhere how do u use twitter i would lik2 no 
i have been neglecting my twitter... so sad 
doesnt really get twitter! 
I keep telling twitter to 'remember me' but it DOESN'T; I feel so sad 
I don't understand twitter!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is still lost on twitter. 
@Hewitttt we fail at twitter 
 ive neglected twitter!
@scottehdo boo, twitter 
@DonnieWahlberg's twitter makes me really sad now.   
learning how to use twitter... 
got damn, twitter going down? 
twitter makes me miss my hendersons 
I'm confuuuuused about twitter. 
@djlimelightz publicly dissed on twitter 
@Adonte how are you going to have a twitter and not tell me!!! sadface 
//I don't understand twitter 
weeehh, twitter is going down.. 
j'mappelle confused @ twitter 
I have the most boring twitter on earth... 
i dont kno how to use twitter 
I love you and twitter won't let me talk to you 
@loraleixharding I made a twitter! It's confusing though 
i dont understand twitter. 
aww, twitter will be down soon 
my twitter is down 
Oh no twitter 
@stephenfry twitter has been down 
@infamousdiva1 i know ; I'm bout to get at him on his twitter .. I'm worried. 
My twitter was bwoken for a little. 
@garethrhys i wish your twitter wouldn't do that. 
twitter chato 
first twitter. yay 
@missemilymac And yet you dont twitter me back! 
did twitter just die?  or it is just me.
Wondering why my twitter won't work 
confused with twitter 
I hope my twitter is fixed 
I deffinately suck at twitter-ing 
My twitter is broken 
i think my twitter is broken 
I wish @NickHodge would reappear on twitter I need to talk to him and don't know how to contact him other than here 
My twitter isn't tweeting..? 
just joined twitter and currently have NO follwers 
doesn't understand twitter!!! 
@H077y  i forgot all about twitter 
I m so lonely on twitter 
@jaronmc i havent seen it, my twitter says it wasnt sent 
doesn't understand twitter 
i dunno how to use twitter 
i have a twitter  y is that?????
My freeking twitter still is not working 
my twitter won't work.  this dissopoints me.
never gets on twitter anymore 
@trusttommy fadas no workie in twitter. 
still doesn't really get twitter 
trying to figure out how to use twitter....can somebody follow me please! 
kirsten is so damn bored... why you can't upload foto's on twitter ? 
@amazondotjon jon have you quit twitter 
twitter is so boring. 
Fucking twitter I hate youu  xd
@peterfacinelli twitter used to work very well, but now it's crazy! 
HELPPPP      how does twitter workkkk :S
my twitter is acting weird 
wondering why twitter isnt sending me updates! 
twitter has been neglected for too long.... i'm ill 
@makemecrazier_ aw  wtf at twitter for not sending me that text.
too bad i can't find her......   i'm not liking twitter already!
bored on twitter. i have no one to talk to on here. 
@mpgates  it shows up on twitter, but not on tweetdect 
No more twitter!!!   
@kaceHOOD u better I feel bad we don't talk that much on twitter. 
Your twitter is creepy. 
doesnt get twitter.. 
@CarlyeTVW16 Wtf happened to your twitter whoreishness?? 
tired and not sure how this twitter works 
@allweseeisair It's really confusing on twitter 
really sick.. so I'll be m.I.a twitter 
@tboard btw - twitter decided you should un-follow me! 
is super bored! Waaaa can`t update much here in twitter  TIREDNESS
Twitterfox is not work  So I don't check twitter now 
why is it that vicky never replies my twitter ?  hix
my twitter is being hacked cuzi.   
is not quite sure how to use twitter 
Blahh i think my twitter got hacked 
twitter paradinho 
twitter is being slow and messing up on me 
@jlamski your twitter hacked? 
My twitter is moving slow 
I really don't know how to use twitter 
@HellGates through A7X fans twitter 
I'm thinking about bagging out on twitter; I mean seriously I can't keep up with multiply, /., facebook, and here 
i dont think i really like twitter...... 
@kaemclaughlin i know  hey this twitter is cool x
i have neglected twitter l8ly 
Off twitter 
lonely on twitter 
boreddd so i made a twitter 
@GuitarLove08 ..twitter removed it or something 
twitter feo no funcionabas  xd
@PRCNet You never touch my twitter any more. 
doesn't know how to use twitter 
figuring out how to use twitter 
I'm sorry twitter, I've been avoiding you. 
I feel so unpopular on twitter.  
I think my twitter is broekn 
I think my twitter is broken 
M new 2 twitter 
@todisappear I tried following myself, but twitter wouldn't allow it  #twitterfail
i do not like the black twitter, how tweetist of me 
@CutcoFosho this twitter is majorly failing right now  
@HaleyHam technically he got past 500,000 but twitter screwed up 
I miss loulud81  I wish she had a twitter
hasn't got her twitter back yet 
#inaperfectworld i would understand how to use twitter 
I don't think selective twitter is working for me 
is it just me or i am getting bored of twitter. 
saudades do twitter 
@priscillapoon LOL, I didn't really explore twitter 
twitter is boring 
More to plurk than twitter 
WHY  is like no 1 on twitter   =
i think i'm not as fond of twitter as i thought i'd be.  i don't think i'll stay.  
Aprendendo a mexer no twitter. 
I can't figure out how to work twitter 
twitter confussed, this is sad 
I got twitter 
is finding twitter very annoying... 
is wondering why fbook isn't updating my twitter 
@lorraina42  i thought you got a twitter so you could stalk me even more. haha!
@DebiLayne stupid twitter... I never got that! 
That nigguh! that replied to you on twitter. I'll tell you right nowww. IMYSFM 
why am i the only one on twitter? 
is confusled.. i cant find any of my frendss on twitter 
@hayduchovny had to get this new twitter.  lol
it's killing me to be on twitter. 
do not use twitter if you cannot spell annonymus. 
I've a feeling my twitter is broken. It doesn't want to update for me 
aww leaving before i get to check twitter!  
@BabygirlSoMajor me too girl! its ridiculous! we started a twibe &amp;&amp; twitition against it, &amp;&amp; twitter tried to shut us down 
Yooo my twitter is acting up  hellpp!! How will I survive?
doesnt understand twitter 
@princecor my old twitter got hacked 
@TessMorris you leavin twitter 
I don't know what to write on twitter 
is confused about how to work twitter 
I reeaally dunoo how to use twitter  lol
doesn't fully understand twitter yet. 
learning how to use twitter. 
my twitter is acting weird 
disliking twitter... 
I don't think i like twitter so far 
i keep forgetting to update my twitter 
Is awake and realized he hardly update his twitter frequently now 
i feel weird without my old twitter. 
@myklestraightup i made a twitter  wow...
@theglamkimmy twitter kidnapped you. 
doesnt understand twitter 
i'll miss twitter  
..starting to hate twitter!!..hmmmppp!!... 
twitter is boring me.  goodbye
twitter, you're still the best! facebk is complicated... 
i dont understand how you use twitter 
I'm too lame for twitter 
never updates her twitter but needs to right now.. i need to pack 
Has never gotten a reply or msg on twitter 
Honestly I know how to use twitter even though it doesn't seem like it 
My twitter is disintegrate That's wrong.... 
twitter won't let me follow @OliviaShawPhotos 
twitter won't let me follow @OliviaShawPhoto 
still confused,... @how to use twitter ... 
I dont know how to use twitter - I am confused 
i feel as though i've negelcted twitter somewhat recently 
cannot reply in twitter 
twitter is getting boring... i dnt like it anymore 
is new on twitter and slightly confused 
I have to make sure I dont tweet too much and get kicked off twitter again 
@oliviarabe twitter won't let me follow u! 
m nt understanding this twitter tingy 
Not too sure how to use twitter. 
still doesn't really get twitter 
neeeeds to update his twitter more 
Not so sure I like twitter. 
not been on twitter in long. what wrong with me 
i'm so clueless with twitter. 
I'm still trying to figure out if twitter is for me ... it's so boring!!! 
doesn't understand twitter 
My twitter is broken 
@PeterBlackQUT i forgot all about twitter 
@krazeecatlaydee yayyyy..i feel so unloved on twitter 
i don't know how to use twitter 
I take that back  sorry lol. I might close twitter now.....
Hating twitter right now     
wishing I could find phonedog.com to follow on twitter   I keep looking *sigh*
@CarlisleRCullen yes... but he and I can't find each other on twitter 
finally back on twitter 
has just joined twitter 
checking out twitter to see what i have heard is true 
i'm actually on twitter 
so happy nitz has twitter now 
@escribitionist I am very surprised b/c i heard it from my senior who is not use twitter. 
@SexyWhispers Yes.  http://twitter.com/SexyWhispers/status/1468183212
does understand twitter just yet 
has just joined twitter 
i just joined twitter 
and now I am following her on twitter  @daratorresswims @dorothysnarker
has just joined twitter 
finding out how to use twitter lol 
thinking of what to put on twitter 
is thinking of what to put on twitter 
i just made twitter! 
just got twitter  always fun to tweet when it's totally new to you!
getting started with twitter! 
twitter twitter i love it 
I'm new on twitter 
just got my twitter 
exploring twitter 
signing up for twitter 
is really new on twitter... 
@samira3 i found you on twitter 
Hey welcome to our twitter 
my second twitter...  LOL  
is figuring out how to use twitter 
@harmonyholly i just invaded ur twitter! 
learning to use twitter 
just found twitter 
is so glad @lauryn_w is on twitter 
figuring out twitter 
explaining twitter to the tias 
just joined twitter. 
@tiel_firas We've got the best twitter EVER! 
is finally back active on twitter! 
just made a twitter! 
@lihall just like how those of us who weren't on twitter didn't exist either? 
@williamfarrall heyy hows it going ill fix your twitter afterrr    ily
checking out twitter 
just got twitter... obviously 
twitter is cool, 
just connected twitter to facebook 
is new on twitter 
@_edwardian i'm excited now. just about twitter. 
just discovered twitter 
Signing up for twitter and checking it out. 
trying to understand twitter! 
I am writting on twitter 
just made a twitter. now i have to figure out what to doooooo 
is starting to dig twitter 
customizando meu twitter 
@itsangelcarter twitter is easy..u'll see...hehe 
I finally joined twitter! I'm excited.. 
just got my twitter up n running 
@mattskillen, I dunno if I can put it on twitter, but i'll let you hear it 
twitter is retarded 
figuring out twitter 
twitter twitter twitter like a little bird 
just start this twitter 
Is on twitter 
making a twitter 
is on twitter! 
figuring out twitter 
is currently very bored.. i missed twitter.. 
exploring twitter 
byee, goodnight twitter 
is trying to familiarize herself with twitter 
checking out what twitter is all about 
i've felt lost without twitter. it's good to be home 
@scottisafool Also followed me , but have already been suspended by twitter 
@epicfailanne twitter is what you make it 
just joined twitter..  What do I do now?
@bkpreston you got a twitter-- yayyy! 
I am trying twitter. 
@sayhi1234 Wow... twitter-it 
primeiro loggind no twitter 
back on twitter 
@DenzelBurks you love twitter 2 much 
@shadyalovesyou HIIII  i love you. i am on twitter for you 
I can't believe I caved and joined twitter 
Nestace twitter u solarnoj oluji 
@missmanara is so cute in her new twitter pic   
trying to figure out how to use my twitter 
i m new in twitter! 
joining the twitter 
We're on twitter 
just joined twitter 
I just joined twitter... I don't really know what to do here... 
joined twitter 
I am sitting just creating my first twitter 
just signed up on twitter 
working on twitter E.L.E 
@seanlikesean2 heyy... how did you find me on twitter? 
FOLLLOW twitter.com/myxxmusic 
 go follow my personal twitter! @nikkidallasen
doesn't know how to use twitter. 
is updating his twitter 
What is up twitter 
should be sleeping but decided to join twitter 
Goooooodnight twitter!  hit me upp
i am learning with piczo.com and twitter.com 
is figuring outt twitter 
Trying to work  out how to use twitter 
has just joined twitter 
@woganmay twitter == substr(blogging,0,140) ? 
@Sexyteddychan great, I see you are maturing on twitter 
if you are bored enough you may follow me on twitter  http://twitter.com/dorzki
Not much just made my twitter 
@jamesingrey facebook and twitter- are you being serious?! I think he's dreadful- but we'll agree to disagree!  have fun!
Morning twitter 
@JordanPretty thankyou for following me on twitter 
@ROSAJONAS has got a twitter, what are you waiting for? follow her 
What is up twitter 
is experiencing my first twitter! I finally caved. I hope this won't  become too addictive! 
you girls should follow @JordansKitKat! he's got twitter now! 
Just got up twitter 
on twitter 
@fernandofelman hey! glad to see you on twitter! @shaibs also pops in occasionally 
What is up twitter 
just joined twitter and trying to figure it out 
@carabian except signing up in twitter 
@kuatelinlee helloooo! I didnt know you had a twitter! 
I finally sign up twitter. Heex.. 
just learn how to use twitter. I am new. 
i just joined twitter 
we have a twitter 
making a twitter 
just got back straight from pampanga! i missed twitter ah? 
has joined twitter 
to check out the new twitter 
yay! back on twitter 
learning twitter! 
I really don't get this twitter thinggy :| 
@xxmusicjunkie you're just jealous that i can walk around and twitter 
is working out how to use twitter 
@nisharose WOOOOOOOW! we are wilin on twitter 
is new on twitter. I'm looking around. 
@jimmycarr i would agree, however on twitter i do wonder?! 
just his twitter started 
had to do made a twitter 
Charliiii you got a twitter!! 
@ChesterBe i agree with @felipeintheend , you are not too old  you're are sexy like twitter :p
@falcone126 hey daniella! you got twitter! 
learning how to use twitter 
trying out twitter, and seeing what it's all about 
just made a twitter! 
joining twitter 
@nattskies heyy nat! twitter twitter twitter. you'll get used to it hahaha  love youuuuuuuuuuu
learning how to use twitter 
is still trying to udnerstand twitter 
is now on twitter..... 
Morning twitter 
surfing twitter! 
I saw nomes on twitter  but I'm still not waking up
hey, i've just updated my twitter 
chillen just started on twitter. 
learning how to use twitter 
Is working out the twitter kinks 
just now i know how twitter exactly work 
Just got on twitter 
I had a small tweetbreak from twitter I think I needed it 
new on twitter 
@anjelfich yay! You're on twitter! 
starting twitter 
twitter is great 
Morning twitter 
is finally figuring out how this twitter works! yay!  
new at twitter 
just made a new twitter layout 
just playing with my twitter...  
twitter is boring....but hey u could follow me 
Yay. I made a twitter. 
exploring twitter 
is curious about the twitter 
new pic on twitter! 
joined twitter because of ellen degeneres 
just joined twitter 
@chandeliera is on twitter 
puzzled with twitter.. 
was surprised at how productive i was being, then realised twitter was off 
I'm loving twitter 
is new to this twitter thaaang 
I am on twitter 
@ittyprecious he said hi.  He also said you're too old for twitter.  
just joined twitter to see what it is all about 
i feel used with twitter! 
twitter's actually pretty fun 
haha twitter is chill  but I do not yet completely 
it's my first twitter 
i've got twitter! wooho 
trying to explore this twitter 
i've just joined twitter and it's great! 
has just joined twitter 
#3turnoffwords Lets check twitter 
is following all my favourite celebritys on twitter 
i just joined twitter .. 
@amarap told u i got a twitter 
@ZindelaYentl that's not mitchel's twitter. he changed it now to @mitchelmusso. 
just trying to understand how the twitter works 
@GinoTheGreat I didn't! You found me! I'm still learning about this twitter. 
Late mornin to ya twitter! 
Just joined twitter 
If you follow me, follow me you here on twitter 
@dikeough if he's on twitter, we can all ask him.  
just got a twitter 
I'm exited to get twitter   
@WESaveTheWorld twitter. 
figuring out how to use twitter 
yipeee... i am finally on twitter... 
just woke up. gudafty twitter 
trying twitter 
@JamesSmithComic -&gt; http://twitter.com/SarahSharples/status/1833876536 
@jeffkang that's what twitter is for 
starting to use twitter now 
still confused about twitter  xD
@clrzqstn lol I'm on now  and obviously I came on twitter..I'm too addicted =P
@priyankarocks good for twitter 
is back on twitter  yay!
@mitchelmusso thanks for following me on twitter 
I like talking to myself on twitter. It makes me laugh. 
@dannymcfly get ant to get twitter, pretty please 
I am wrighting on twitter 
trying to understand how to use twitter.. 
Wow! I have a twitter! Weets  I'm new here, guide me along(:
posting twitter to facebook 
@mikeyavila sweeeettt you got twitter finally 
i totally forgot to update my twitter 
Just joined twitter 
I just joined twitter!!! 
becoming obsessed with twitter 
@pookiefoofFTW yaay chris is on twitter!!! 
wohoo, r-b.de is now in twitter 
learning how to use twitter 
getting started on twitter 
@_MrsE  you made a twitter!
just joined twitter 
is really getting into twitter 
@psymonc haha. you got a twitter. 
Just joined twitter 
trying twitter.. 
22 may 2009 --- I am in twitter 
@fhoke - really liking the twitter themes mate 
I just joined twitter! 
back on twitter 
trying out twitter 
is on twitter yay 
joining twitter 
I really hate twitter... i don't know what i'm doing here 
new twitter 
@coolmiss22 hey joanne  should i welcome you here in twitter )
normal twitter is weird 
@natneagle I joined your twitter maffia 
@Radeo_ what can i say. we love twitter 
goodmorning twitter 
just join twitter! 
Just made a twitter  ... now i don't really know what
yay @ucbulldogfan joined twitter 
is building his own twitter 
Finally on twitter! 
@neupas just found out @dwighthoward is on twitter too  thought you might be interested!
@Djalfy did you just invite all of twitter to cuddle with you?  hm... let me know how that goes 
I like twitter 
ahh soo effinn boredd. twitter is differentt. lol 
joining twitter 
@crimsonsky You back on twitter? haha 
i'm coming twitter.. LOL 
@TonnyC i liked the song....and good to see you on twitter 
@willmckenzie is this definately you? you don't have a private twitter? 
@TheFlyest1 haha. I'll tell you off twitter. 
Morning twitter 
@tonee how you likeing twitter 
is trying to figure out this twitter thingo....... 
sitting here reading twitter instead of going back to uni 
just joined twitter 
exploring twitter... 
i miss my twitter 
is loving twitter 
finished my twitter: wow!!  heheheh
is super stoked because @mytangerina has twitter 
just joined twitter !! 
