Most common words for this cluster:
[('twitter', 1819), ('friends', 184), ('people', 126), ('lol', 102), ('thing', 88), ('everyone', 68), ('background', 65), ('com', 63), ('phone', 61), ('facebook', 60), ('anyone', 59), ('someone', 51)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'twitter', 0.869051992893219), (u'Twitter', 0.7731142640113831), (u'Follow_AndroidGuys', 0.7269863486289978), (u'follow_BarkBoard.com_via', 0.7196611166000366), (u'tweet', 0.7145184874534607), (u'twitter.com_bjrains', 0.7110891938209534), (u'Follow_I4U_News', 0.70064777135849), (u'Follow_@_freakonomics', 0.6986933946609497), (u'@_clevvertv', 0.6981953978538513), (u'Follow_@_tracyclarkflory', 0.6968193054199219)]





@localtweeps Wow, tons of replies from you, may have to unfollow so I can see my friends' tweets, you're scrolling the feed a lot. 
@chordsy - why am I the last to find out about these things? Like that you're on the twitter too. 
@sarahprout tweetfinder hates me  and I was having trouble with background on twitter,what do you think?
too cold and tired to write good twitter. everyone was obeying the cops tonight, total dissappointment. we were so close 
@powerpoole some people try to be tricky, some stop using twitter at all  i guess it's as good as it gets! i had to try.
@rampantheart can do everything except add a twitter field in the comment.. 
@shalinique For saying 2 may change up ur twitter game I like u just the way u r on here 
updating my myspace profile, i need more followers coz its a bit sad only to have one 
@Labrys67 the chat broked? 
just joined twitter and doesnt know anyone yet... 
isnt there any way we could update twitter through our cellphones 
I think I should not use twitter as I offend people unintentionally 
i'm trying to fine friends on twitter...no luck so far 
is a twitter loner!!! 
wow. everyone has abandoned twitter 
having a coffee and going through my twitter, facebook and other social networks ..... it seems to become a full time job to keep up 
too many updates on twitter... not able to follow everything 
I thought @twooting would be all about Twitter in Tooting.  I'm disappointed.  
: so like, now that everyone knows what I'm doing with my life here in twitter what am I supposed to talk about in normal conversation?!? 
Beuh, mon twitter gadget bug 
@WebBetty hmm, looks like twitter is trying to catch up too, it keeps saying it's over capacity 
@kerchoonz  I like your new background. I'm trying to put a kerchoonz background on my twitter, but, it's not working for me 
@cybercool10 nothing i'm not able to setup twitter on my mobile  i sms the code but still it wont give me sms alerts  any help ?
is out apartment hunting!!!!   sidenote: sad dat none of her friends r on twitter...feels like shes talkin 2 herself  lol
twitter on the crackberry still a no-go 
I need friends for twitter 
grrrr, stupid fail whale is not letting me update my twitter icon.  and now i have nothing 
It is fun to email my Japanese friends! I wish they have a twitter 
i wanna make friends at twitter but enybody follow me just 6?? thts's nothing 
looking for friends, im new to this twitter 
is watching oprah talk about twitter, i swore i wouldnt get one and i finally gave in 
@JaccSparrow Are you sleeping in or something, im missing our friendly twitter banter  u we're so right about f&amp;furious it was FKNFANTASTK
@chantalclaret it doesnt make me laugh either,my friend hacked my twitter im sorry 
is nt understanding the twitter phenomenom 
hates the fact that there's no edit in twitter 
@journey2learn Is your twitter aacount you ok now? What a pain! 
twitter no fun!  
Just trying to figure out what twitter is all about....none of my friends are on here 
I have an ear infection    so I played hookie from work and here I am a twitter-holic lol
hello! i got a lot of new followers again... thank you tweeople! will watch over ur updates too. though i cant tweet often  
I totally dont get twitter 
goodbye twitter and twitter friends. . . . leaving for awhile 
just got home from haorizons golf thing now trying to get twitter on my phone im so said its not working 
my mom's making me delete my twitter goodbye tweets 
Just realized my live stream wasn't sent to my twitter stream...ahhhh 
what did mj's tweet say?? anybody?? please? it didnt come to my phone 
i need twitter lessons 
heading to bed...still not sure how twitter works and noone will explain it to me 
wish my friends were on twitter 
my sister gives me so much shit for being on twitter  i'm so uncool.
Going to bed hungry...  Is my twitter page depressing? lol
was saddened by kisschristy's first person twitter 
hello twitter land.... i need followers 
Is trying to find friends on twitter. But I can't 
@venusgrl23 hey how can i  replay a coment in a twitter of nick  help!
so many twitter clients, so few im clients 
is there anyone on twitter at the moment?! i have no one to tweet to 
wondering if anyone- at all.. understands why twitter hates my blackberry so? 
I'm addicted on twitter, and it has big influence on my charge  dear telkomsel, would you decrease internet cost?
really really need to do this assignment but too many distractions in the world   twitter  grrrrr
i have no friggin idea how to operate twitter from my phone... i wanted to comment back to nat 
everyone is not as active on twitter as they used to be. not even miley 
Just found out she isnt getting her direct messages on twitter...sorry I'm not ignoring anyone 
@twitter Waiting outside the library for it to open... I really have to pee 
@xLittleMissTuki really!he needs to be back to the way he was before  btw..cute icon or display pic or whatever they call it in twitter 
@ajperdomo omg stop it! i can't believe you made that a twitter status or whatever the fuck you call it! 
Still cant log in using a twitter app  i dunno why any thoughts??
doing nothing todayy/. eeerruuhhhmm, iphone twitter still isnt working 
looks like I have reached my 2000 limit  But I want to follow more of you  come on twitter, give us chance to follow than than 2000 ;)
I have no idea how to post on twitter off my cell 
@DerekMarkham sellers and braggers are the downfall of twitter 
what the fuck I am trying to find my buddy on twitter and he wont come out 
trying to get used to this twitter thing the humans talk about.  would be easier if i had opposable thumbs 
is in college  lol x still dont get twitter :-s
@malteser09 @frompaul I wish my wife twittered  I can barely get her to comment on my facebook!
@Gurlstrange butbutbut you cant twitter on that! bold and storm are so outta my budget.  sigh.
is trying to figure out what is all this hype on twitter is about. work again tmr 
twitter + cellphone = will not effing work! 
@gothayana I miss you too  I'll hopefully go onto the chat a little more soon
hmmmmm i got no friends in twitter currently!! 
@jemimakiss - all about twitter fox light simple and easy to use.. no search though 
@johndobbs - sorry I missed the chat 
not sure if i'm liking this twitter thing.    i won't give up just yet!
@jamiepotter i tried just doing a twitter search for mine - think it may have been too many characters though  #tweetdare
@mom2cats i was intrigued by @cwalken but twitter says page doesnt exist!  
i dont do anything important. i shouldnt have a twitter. 
is on twitter cause facebook was banned at work 
Trying to figure out how to install a photo in my twitter. always tells me its to large. anyone can help pls? ... 
@rampantheart I've been good did some fasting from twitter no fun 
@linds4389 yayyyy another follower!! nobody has twitter 
@iba_o no one never looks to the left of my twitter page 
none of my friends are on twitter 
thinks I'm following too many people of twitter 
@markwhiting Not sure yet. Apparently my guess is that only 5-10% of attendees had a clue on twitter at all  which is no argument I kn ...
insomnia is for the birds and I don't mean the twitter kind 
@fan4lyf i agree with you girl ! i wish that miley answer something on twitter to me . but she never answer 
can some 1 plz explain to me how do you direct message some 1 on twitter cuz i can't figure it out 
twitter is  such a distraction!! haha i cant be bothered doing essays anymore! 
All my twitter friends are in bed or something 
&gt;  twitter needs to make the character limit 300 or something. 140 isnt enough especially when you got a really funny joke to say 
I just joined twitter but I have no friends.  So sad.  
@MrsKellybelly I'm still here, in the chat actually, but allllll alone. 
updating my twitter obviously, trying to upload a photo but all of mine r too big  ohh well ill keep trying.........
@DavidArchie im pretty sure when you tweet again, ill be out and have no access to the internet and twitter.  oh well, c'est la vie!
 i go on twitter nd find out he has a girl :'(
all my friends totally just judged me for having a twitter 
dont think i am using my twitter properly since i am only using it to have a  long running convo with daggers... oh well 
twitter is boring... nothing happens on this 
stop the spread of #hamthrax... close twitter... 
rediscovering twitter wondering where all my friends are 
Is frustrated because she none of her other friends have joined twitter 
saw all my twitter friends except @phlegs  
cant belive this is my last ever post on twitter  i love you all in my own special way xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
hating the fact that i started a damn twitter  
ahmm.. i dont even no how to work this twitter shit  sad lol
how everyone is using twitter? complicated 
@MarieGravely really?! it was all the way on the top. twitter has been having problems with pics though so maybe they took that off. 
twitter is not really helping me. no one is replying !  . i think i should just cancel my acount. :[
i really think you should be able to comment on twitter. someone follow me 
is wondering why twitter is more popular than facebook..... none of my friends have twitter 
wow. i havent been on twitter in awhile. 
@KristenjStewart thinks twitter will turn into a huge competition between &quot;celebrities&quot; to see who can get the most followers... 
how come no 1 ever answers on twitter? 
ha. i've neglected my twitter for my tumblr.  tinkered with my hair. boredom is never a good thing.
my son just laughed at my pic for twitter.  its ok I will shave his hair off while he sleeps tonight
@MeLLo_T naw man. I don't even have his contact.  don't phil got twitter?
i'm trying to convince my best friend to join twitter but she's firmly standing her ground. hmph! 
@masturkate and I did nothing  your twitter suxxXXXXxxxzzZ
cant twitter picture messages   i guess i should get an iphone
@twitter _PLEASE_ can you hurry up and fix issue 451 
im still not quite grasping this twitter thing wish i could tho 
I think I need to reinvent this twitter crap...it is utterly boring  and pointless.
wishes she could work out which celebrities' twitter accounts are real and which arn't! 
DavidArchie your vanishing..not online in twitter today 
twitter is weird..i cant find my friends 
is still trying to understand twitter! :S and trying to research zoo photographers, it's not going well! 
havent signed on to twitter in a while.  just working on the bathroon, going shopping a little later.  have a horrible headace 
wondering why @arc90 twitter client wont work for me, i have all systemrequirements and include path but response remains empty 
@Yosmel hey ... i am now part of twitter   y'all won
@jonaschicha24 hiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!! i am following u! LOL ps. i miss u guys and my neighbor! LOL dark knight isnt following me on twitter! 
@joyntheir I don't think everyone saw my tweet to follow me here  oh well!!
@ally13524 I just came to your chat and you just left. Lol. Aww 
this twitter stuff is kind of addicting  back to homework [tear*)
new in twitter no friends yet 
looking for some of my friends on twitter...don't think there are any yet 
scotttt thinks I'm obsessed with twitter  hahaha
I'm still trying to figure out this whole twitter thing, and the help files aren't the greatest. 
i have no friends in twitter 
Trying to twit pic this awesome moment but my twitter app on my phone isn't being so nice 2 me right nw 
@galadybug i do read your twits! you barely talk about the baby when i be on twitter  sowwie. rubs belly. i was due 10/16 &amp; had him 10/18
anyone know of a good twitter mobile application for a samsung? I can't seem to get twibble to work. 
needs a bigger twitter network...i feel half stalkerish 
has no twitter friends  lol
i still don't understand twitter  but i need something else to aid in procrastination besides facebook!
twitter, twitter, little tweet, i pray the lord my soul to keep... i guess the wolverine is not the coolest kid in town 
im lost without the everyone link  how do i know random things twitter u need to fix that
my twitter is stuck!!!!!!    sigh...
I wish more people I knew had twitter 
Starting to get the hang if this twitter craic!! but cant use twitter on my phone 
I keep getting excited that people are following me on twitter and they turn out to be spam bots. 
hoping someone will get twitter soon 
@MissDomo  don't hate twitter. it jus has problems sometimes, lol.The only mobile updates I get are jus' if someone sends me a direct msg
needs some friends on twitter 
@mrelihan nope  all i no twitter is having trouble with avatars atm :S so if that any help then there u go lol
twitter wont let me upload a photo 
@Jmckenziebrown sorry my friend stole my phone and tried to remove all my twitter people. 
love twitter but havent friends in this page 
@slpowell It started out with the hastag robots, when @twitter didn't stop that the port spammers took advantage of it 
why wont the twitter client on fb work? 
everyone i know has a twitter now, its no longer my little secret 
some1 follow me i have no twitter friends 
That last tweet was in regards to me botching a skill check. 
has made a decision....this twitter site...sucks 
http://twitter.com/CrowdSense/statuses/1752580742 &quot;@diefenbach I have found bits and pieces on the net but not a python expert  Here i ...
twitter u messed with the wrong person denisefarabee is a real person ulike some of the fake asss on this site i loved twitter now idk 
not having friends on twitter 
@hamaddar awwww..nice idea ; but she is not using twitter 
felt compelled to post the most amazing composition ever on twitter to taylor swift. even though she'll probably never see it from me! 
the twitter bar dont work  
twitter wont let me have a profile pic 
Feels ever so bad for misusing technos twitter yesterday 
@SallyMesser I got the G1 google phone thingey....quite good but i can't work out how to dl stuff and use twitter on it properly yet  xx
I think I got spam on twitter by adding myself to wefollow.com  not a good idea!
why is it that when i go on twitter no one else is on! so i am just reading my own updates.... 
I have a confession...I need to cut back on twittering  As much as I love it (like an addiction), it really hurts my productivity
@TheRopolitans have you seen lineups here on twitter yet? there are none in my g reader 
@benjigreenfield lol i need to get into it and advertise my twitter!!.. i cant get the hang of it  xx
y is no1 ever on twitter? 
are spammers starting to spam tweet in addition to just following ppl?  that surely spells the end of twitter, know?  
cant get the hang of twitter  just rolled over on my cat :S she's not happy!
My twitter wont work 
@AgesTheGreat well then... i guess we have to settle with this twitter thing... 
@mileycyrus For some reason your updates don't show up on my twitter  I don't know what's wrong with it.
UGH i knew i shouldn't have checked twitter...celebrity apprentice finale officially RUINED for me 
dear twitter your noises are annoying me right now  maybe its this lame headache
was feeling cool in the twitter world until..... i just realized like half of my followers are spam... 
doesn't even know how the heck twitter works 
@honeybearbee they can't see our @ replies to them anymore.  twitter only shows @'s from people you follow now. It SUCKS!
twitter is making me so mad! what's the point of knowing what important people are doing if i can't @reply them?!  
I'm not a fan of the new twitter update. I liked reading my peeps's replies to others. It helped me find new people. 
@markdavidgerson it got scary :: rocks back n forth in corner :: twitter was down 
apparently no one in my twitter stream then 
trying to figure out how twitter works 
@kcofficial they told me u r not the reall k ,and she made a radio interview n said she had no twitter account 
is excited about her first twitter... but has no friends  how lonely.
wants more twitter friends 
hello land of twitter!!!!! i have a headache 
#WhyITweet - I have an addiction to it. I need twitter rehab. 
@themadone You are right ~ I have just had a direct look at your twitter-stream &amp; am finding tweets @majic13 + @the_eggwhite who I follow 
@ve3tro unfortuantly i'm not personally  BUT! we should have someone attending giving regular twitter updates for all our followers!
searching for people i know ... at twitter ... with low success 
I thought of something really funny to twitter while I was in the shower, but now I forget 
cant find my  F*in friends on twitter 
twaikus on twitter / posting in five - seven - five / not a new idea 
trying to figure this whole twitter thing out! 
hi everyone!!! i've been avoiding twitter because i knew ppl would tweet about grey's and i havent seen it yet!! 
*newbie in twitter* my back aches right not  be right back....
oh dear, what an embarassing reason to re-join twitter. well then, let's 'ave it. i've still not slept.  someone knock me out!
I've already been to my horse, had breakfast and took a shower.. now i should start with my homework.. don't want to  http://twitter.c ...
Why no one of my friends is  in twitter ? I feel lonely  xD
Oh, my mistake..its @KayTeePerry , not her real twitter  however, i don't really like her music anyway :p
wants her friends to join twitter 
Trying to sleep.. But too many twitter updates making my phone go off.  night!
I have no friends in twitter. 
@katdogs haha yere it is, rofl yes now u can stalk me but twitter isnt on my phone  and facebook is
@katepatto 79 people want to follow me to get to 100 =p hahaha. my friends don't use twitter 
trying to figure out how twitter works 
I need more twitter friends. 
I dont know anyone on twitter , I have no twiends 
sos all, been pointed out that including blip fm spams up people's timelines. will remove. apologies for lack of twitter manners 
dear twitter spam, you make me sad inside.... 
@TheColorAbi This sucks.. my laptop's not letting me open other ppl's profile on mibba... now I have trouble replying comments... 
hasn't tweeted for a while  - Is trying to find some cool kids on twitter
everyone on twitter seems to hate me, even the ones I dont talk to. 
my blackberry is not liking twitter for some reason 
Explaining twitter to my parents 
so so so bored...wants somebody to talk to her on either facebook or twitter  x
@JohnGift whatever your avatar is, its killing my blackberry's twitter performance 
@peeeete hey. what's up? decided to reactivate my twitter account. even though i'm not really sure how to use it 
doesn't have many friends on twitter 
omg i need help with tiny twitter,  thats not easy for an newbie 
anyone still getting my rss feed emails? I think the switch to google broke it 
I'm thinking I think my twitter profile looks really cute right now... and I really miss new york 
@tiffmcmillan lmao...honestly, I wanted to go to sleep but between my ex and someone you know on twitter...they wouldnt let me get rest 
@MeSoDC sorry- no apps for your phone. that things out dated. your only choice is mobile twitter 
is still tryina figure out how this twitter crap works :/... wow....i feel old 
@ShannonSteele wish I hadn't looked at twitter before I finished this episode 
@JaeMama im so lame-o.  i am just now seeing these replies.    i need twitter 101 lessons!  thank you anne!!!
@elmina I like your next09 video. Would you allow me to follow you on #twitter #fail  ?
glad to know twitter's back... but missed my updates from my garden and new bed 
sad face  i have like no twitter friends
honeymoon's over, we've been so intimate, dearest twitter, and now you're acting all distance-y and keep things from me  miss you!
I'd get in trouble with the internet police for sexual harrassment via twitter!  fuckkkk.
Gahhh sch is a bore when there's nothing to do, and all sites/apps(aim,twitter,facebook,hotmail,etc) have been blocked!  sad sad times lol
ihy twitter for not letting me make yuki my background 
So twitter really hates me. I cannot load my friends timeline. I get a blank white loading screen   How can I follow anyone like this.
There's something wrong with the twitter app on my bb! Its not receiving twit updates 
wow, just went directly to a few people's twitter streams - it hit home again how many of everyone's tweets I'm not seeing!  #fixreplies
@zachblasko sometimes your twitter statuses make me want to kill a small child 
@xiaorulez ye twitter doesnt really work here unless they give better phone deals here or more ppl use it 
I don't think twitter likes me today 
Why is it I always seem to find things out via twitter? This is bad 
ooo hey i tried accessing twitter on my cell and guess what it worked! but the moment it popped up on the screen i closed the page down 
trying to figure out this twitter thing. 
okay so this is my first post ever on twitter...i'm having the worst luck understanding it all, and i can't upload any of my pictures 
my twitter background disappeared 
Just barely 830! In the words of gob ''Come on!''..i guess ill be using twitter so i can at least pretend im talking to someone 
@unbeliever008 How are you, sweetie? I missed twitter  what exciting or not exciting things have you been doing?
Morning all. I need help...what's the best blackberry twitter app? Twitterberry won't let my upload pics 
@f_nadzirah too much people ada twitter sudah! it's getting overrated! 
I can't sleep twitter people 
cant get the hang of this twitter and cant find anyone i kno 
the 140 character limit in twitter sucks 
@lisalent  pic didn't op[en twitpic or something must be playing up,slow twitter reactions at present  will look later
NOTHING to do...........   trying to find friends on twitter and not working 
new with twitter. none of my friends have this 
@lilliz002 will u be my twitter friend and tweet me lol! no one else on here replies to me  im such an unloved nobody
Wondering what I am going to watch now idol is finished  and wondering if #adamlambert has a twitter account..
trying to figure twitter out ... got no idea what i'm doing!!!! 
uhh.. There's a problem on my friendster profile. hmpf! 
So twitter! The most fucked up thing just happened to me...story later when I have more viewers!! 
for some reason????searching for people on twitter comes up with no results  hope its not server probs!
@lizcable it's a very annoying twitter bug liz - many people are suffering from it - twitter is 'working on it' ... 
@LexiHudgens I can't change my background here in twitter o.o it's not working 
I need somebody teach me how to use twitter  :lost in twitter mode:
off to austin I go! If the hotel has no internet, then no twitter/anything else all weekend 
For some reason my mobile twitter isn't working.  
@TomBeasley pfffft wasteman... twitter still havent even assigned somebody to help me 
@MmmBaileys yes, so not that much will change really. you just won't be there to start the chat 
is just laying here on twitter trying to talk to people &lt;/3 talk back 
I'm frustrated with this twitter, there are people I want to speak to and I can't unless they follow me back 
when's aqua teen hunger force coming on... there are no good jokes on twitter 
on this computer I can't be on  2 things at once!!! I want msn and twitter 
Phones dying  night twitter... I'll see you in the cloudsss.
@KDanai nuthin LoL I just dnt like basketball so when every1 on twitter and fb talk about it, I feel left out and bored  LoL
Night twitter! I hope I don't feel better. I want to stay home  sleeping on webcam on oovoo!
The meanies at twitter shut down @BengeeB for talking to much   spread the word
Why do people keeping following me on twitter? 
The problem with twitter is ... hardly one person is following me  
@FokusedOne kall me tomorrow or text.  my stupid twitter app isnt working  probably kant tweet at work. k?
i miss you so much. http://i43.tinypic.com/23m1uvp.jpg rest in peace  http://twitter.com/thisisjaii/statuses/1933103299
Hey @jonasbrothers I am spamming with quiestions for the live chat, I want you to notice me  #jonaslive
@nicolebianco your twitter icon doesn't show up... you should reupload it, or change it, or something. it's just blank 
isn't really feelin' this twitter stuff! 
@mcradacsi hey baby I found a great app for twitter but u need to have internet  but its sick lol ok have fun
idk why my twitter doesn't let me @ anyone 
doesnt know how to work this twitter thing yet 
@atraz hahah :/ she hasnt replyed  i have been tweeting her forever! and i gave selenagomez my twitter.. but she didnt add me 
a motn without twitter  oh well - theres always my phone. byebye! *tear*
@learn2luvme wow why u put me out there on twitter datz fuked up 
@_anahs ju no want me on twitter? 
I'm having a problem with my photo here in twitter amf!!!...can't see my face! 
wow i have no friends on twitter 
thinks its annoying when i keep getting twitter error messages from my mobile 
@pkBLGdonahue he's not logging in yet.  and i doubt if he will check his his replies here in twitter. but we must keep on trying!
just got on twitter. no friends to add!  none of my friends are in twitter
Use twitter, quit life 
yack yack -- resorting to these :#2&amp;!@#$%^&amp;*()etc. to stay within twitter limits?? not good 
@MAGUSWEAVER don't follow me. You will ruin my twitter experience 
nobody loves me on twitter 
@berkscub no sorry twitter sucks balls since the replys change  #fixreplies
Totally prepped for interview at 10, too bad twitter is off line..  - http://mobypicture.com/?onewzs
Dagnamit, latest power twitter update is pants - no clickable links 
ahh yes the obligations of a vampire kept me away from twitter.but now i'm back &amp; will try 2 update as much as possible.i lost a donor 
does not know hot twitter works 
@nanpalmero - can't get the live chat 
@DonnaSpeaks I dont know  I didnt even realize it was gone  let me put it up again...darn twitter!
honestly i cannot figure this twitter thing out 
I don't have enough close contacts on twitter to do follow friday  #followfriday
I need more twitter friends. I'm checking this far too often and find nothing new 
twitter wont work on my mob.... 
Anyone having twitter issues? It's eating my tweets. 
feel so out of the loop. no twitter on my desktop and haven't listened to @gdgt weekly or read engadget in ages 
twit twit twitter! trying to &quot;legally&quot; watch a movie online, its not happening 
 This is too much lmbo (litterally) I have to stop b4 I lose my twitter buddies
@nkeathley tried to join the chat but the site would not let me sign in 
@iconermaddyct I wish I could get twitter to upload my background of M 
My twitter isn't updating.  How am I to know what everyone famous is doing!?!?!?
Hey my twitter friends, tho very few!!!!  
I went over the limit for actions per hour for twitter clients.  i hate that limit.
why on twitter does no one talk 2 me i know your all celebs and i'm nt but it's nice to be spoken to once in a while 
 tried to do something funny on twitter but failed. 
@riskybizness23 sooo, u just gon cheat on me and tell everybody on twitter? I don't know if I can trust you anymore.     j/k
@zzerbe i'm on twitter! go me. i have no idea how to work it. 
@hannahxmakeup my stupid putet won't let me go to your chat 
I WILL CRY!!!!!!!!    I can't believe that I lost the chat!!!
my own daughter does not want me to follow her twitter 
my own mother thinks its okay to follow my twitter 
i'm sorry to my tweeps i dunno how to fix my twitter  sorry for the msg's and anything else strange from me
too bad there's no orange theme for twitter 
ugh.. touchy keyboard posts tweets before I'm done finishing my thought. 
@thisisJonKelley everytime you say your gf's name on twitter i think you are talking about pizza and get hungry 
twitter wont let me put up a user pic! 
Haha, there are people that tweet about spymaster....*sighs*...myspace/facebook, here goes twitter  #spymaster
trying to put up a layout on my twitter profile but its not working. 
@harropx0 like are you seriously just telling me this now?! i've been using an 'o' since i got a twitter!haha wow i'm dumb 
stuuuddyiinngggggg  its sooo boring and u get distracted sooo easilly  expecially by twitter.
@talk2donboy all twitter users should follow back  twitter is a two-way streeeet
@TKitschFans i can't see the page!!  . Thanks anyway, love this twitter!
@samajo It's ok I know how this twitter is hehehe I tryed looking on the free web movies things but nothing  I want to see it so bad
still tryna figure this whole twitter thingy out its soo wired they wont let me upload a image 
so far, not a fan of this time zone, I feel so disconnected from my twitter tweeps (and my family) 
I don't have any twitter friends... 
i really liked the @threadless twitter shirt approach - but now it appears to be mostly lame stuff getting nominated  bumme
@riotxjess @verolynne twitter noob here, what's a hash tag  i'll follow your lead.
For some odd reason, me having a twitter dont feel right.. i feel well homo.  
I am sat making a twitter page but have no clue what i am doing!! 
okay..slowly but surely ill figure this twitter stuff out...but where are all my friends at....uugghh 
say people to add me please  an idiot hacked my twitter @dontflashme 
@JustJayde I tried to change my icon earlier and it just totally disappeared , and hasn't reappeared yet  a twitter glitch I think
why doesnt twitter let me add a picture 
@fiftysixkay lol i was with her when she sent the twitter invite but i still didnt get invited in person 
My mobile twitter is keeps giving trouble. 
i wonder why i can't upload a profile pic here in twitter. help please! 
is concerned that people have been following him only for him to never use twitter because it's rather pointless. shame 
unpleasant surprise, user unhappy with twit sent from library twitter account.  Not a good start.
@b50 nevermind the sms cost...i am simply not able 2 register on twitter...I tried it thrice, still my mobile on twitter doesnt work 
twitter being wierd, not saving my updates and i cant find my friends in seatch. 
only 4 of my 340 gmail contact use twitter 
twitter is getting less fun everytime.... 
also, does anyone know of a more efficient way to check @ replies? am i sposed to get them directly to my fone? twitter's confusing! 
my twitter background won;'t change!  :S :@
confused on this twitter stuff 
i dont like twitter i cant find anyone 
@joek949 hahaha..if u had read my latest tweets u would have known the reason why! lol i wont have my laptop back very soon 
@johnreese lol so you went with generic twitter background? i never saw your old one 
cant figure out how to get my phone to text twitter 
@pnotechgrrl I know, I think i broke blip AND twitter  it's making me angry
:O twitter wont let me put a picture of me up..twitter; am i really that ugly?? 
MXit sucks.. I'm the only one keeping people company  twitter is better.
I don't know what else to do on twitter! I guess I'll get back to faxing  it's not as much fun as you think.
i am having issues with twitter 
dudee ; I need more twitter friends 
@tedmurphy Thanks. Not a hater, honest! I just fear things like this could turn twitter into another facebook. 
tweet tweet, i wish more of my friends had twitter 
@Jimmyvasser has been on Twitter for about 15 minutes, Ive been on for 3 months. JV'll most likely pass me in followers in about 5 mins 
okay twitter is pissing me off. i cant set up an account for my sissy 
@jaytennier as soon as I saw it on hackernews, I knew it would ruin twitter for me.  ,also http://bit.ly/UoaRY
people don't understand twitter and it makes me sad 
twitter isn't letting me change my background 
guys who responded, cant answer because twitter berry not working. 
I cant change my twitter background or pic 
twitter doesnt work on my mobile web anymore!!! 
having trouble with twitter  Its acting crazy!
twitter wont let me change my picture 
someone updated my twitter...but it wasn't me 
i can't change my background on twitter..   
@aplusk new 2 twitter, want 2 help but no vid/webcam hook up. How else can I help, any links on how 2 do so. I'm new 2 this n ashamed 
Is having issues with uploading photos on twitter 
@abstheoreo gosh your twitter updates are always so depressing 
is boring when no one is on twitter  It is tres ennuyeux XD
@twitter - Any reason that uploading new background images is arduously slow or not working? Myself and others are experiencing it. 
twitter wont let me have a picture 
twitter is making me sad..everyting reminds me of @thomasfiss and itz heart wrenching  s0meone help..
@ShanteRowland so goood too!! I have one little problem... I cant see your pic in twitter 
tyrin to get some friends on twitter  not going goooooooood
@_MattyJones  You are just horrible :L... abuse over twitter again! I have a right to just block you (;(;
i would like to tell twitter that due to my crappy computer i can never have skype. i feel left out 
 sad face twitter's messed up my page
i dont like my background but twitters being a prat so i cant change it 
well, i tried. twitter just doesn't want me to have a pic.  *sniff*sniff* 
@CELEBSIDEDISH  Yes trust twitter to be down for 45 mind 
alright, twitter is high on crack and won't work 
i was sick that whole time twitter was actin ! i even went on myspace  *audience gasps*
Something is wrong with twitter again..over capacity 
@mskelly808 yea my twitter us trippin too  way to not work properly twitter! Lol
@RoxieRavenclaw It's weird for everyone  http://status.twitter.com
What the hell??? Something is wrong with my twitter 
@kristinarosexxx omgahh does anthony rosano have a myspace twitter or anything ??? i dont really find alot of scenes with him 
doing assignments....... bye bye twitter world 
@knobody It's a shame I didn't see your twitter until now.  It's already past our bedtime. 
i dont have friends who twitter, only sis and bro  .... i kinda dont like this
@rahooligan there r no jobs. im going to be poor and homeless n stuck with twitter. waaaaaaaaaaahhhhh 
I am sooo frustrated with twitter right now! my pretty icon won't show up!!! 
I cant change my background  ...twitter iz not being cooperative 
mad because valerieeeee cant find me on twitter! 
just got twitter, hate exams, not looking forward to them! 
Too tired to upload pictures. I'm going to sleep now. I'm sad that a lot of the tweets I had from tonight didn't get posted on twitter. 
wishing her friends had twitter as opposed to facebook 
having twitter sign in problems. 
twitter wont let me upload a profile picture and its really annoying meee. 
haha. i only use this for celebs. friends are to gay for twitter 
@nbrockmann Yes, via twitter. Actually, everyone in my office got sick...we suspect a patron infected us at our last concerts 
http://twitter.com/SamGuevara &lt;--- likes kitty pussy  call someone bahaha J/K or am i ask him  ?&gt;
that was my background updating... twitter's been having issues w/ uploading new pics and whatnot 
@LaoChiGirl twitter keeps pooping out on me. won't let me post or follow people. 
i dont under stand this twitter wall of fame some one explain please 
just had a idea for a twitter app...of course i'm too late   MindMeTo looks great http://mindmeto.com/  @mindmeto
does not know how to use twitter and has no friends on it  haha
where's my display pic (or whatever you call it on twitter) gone? 
Awww mimo didn't reply to my crazy randomness on twitter  lol!
why are you lyinggg twitter? txt updates aint web updatez  make people think we are rude &amp; not replyinggg why dontcha x
Why does hardly anyone have twitter 
@NonGSter @underexpose business professional even in twitter... nice! I'm waiting for sapporo for under 300B 
is being stalked by a person who keeps on triying to follow her (on twitter) but she keeps blocking her 
ah boo i really don't understand how twitter works 
just had to reset all my twitter stuff .... 
I am fed up of changing my twitter design color...yet finalize one to stick with....grrrrahahhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaa 
multi-tasking fail=following twitter, reading porn and knitting *unpicks* 
back in action on twitter . . . a little hacker action shut me down for awhile 
i seem to get a lot of abuse from twitter users, am considering leaving because of it... strangers who dont know me seem to think they do 
  twitter wont let me send replies today - boo hoo
Why can't I find my friends on twitter? 
twitter is very quiet with all you people enjoying the good weather....It's just started to rain here 
Something is wrong with twitter, our backround is all messed up ! &amp; we can only see 3 updates... grrr. 
TWITTER! AYMISYU! I can't twit via my mobile anymore. 
aggggghhhhhh! i cant get a nice pic that works for my twitter! 
oohhhh twitter......i guess i have to wash clothes now  booo!
Yesterday twitter didn't let me tweet before I went out with my friends  and I couldn't tell you about my plans!
i have the stupidest computer everr. it keeps claiming to save my twitter profile pic and background, but nothing is happening. ugg. 
my sister thinks twitter is gay. 
want to change my background but twitter won't let me 
i have to leave now  , bye everyone on twitter
why the mobile twitter apps dont work? 
has no friends on twitter 
IphoneWin twitter page is up, start joining!  I'm still working on it and it wont let me upload an image yet 
No chat. No craic 
I really wish more people I know were on twitter 
is not gettin the hang of twitter 
about spymaster twitter game..i was hoping 2 see ppl refusing 2 use weapons/assassinate.  
@PARKJISUNG @ReedoMUFC oh his whole twitter page is gone? another fake 
everyone, my twitter name now has 3 H's because twitter is being dumb 
Last.fm is currently offline due to datacenter temperature issues.  http://twitter.com/lastfm
Last.fm is currently offline due to datacenter temperature issues @lastfm  http://twitter.com/lastfm/status/1983673685
something is wrong with my little picture in twitter, sorry peeps 
ok, my twitter virginity is busted, but having trouble finding my friends who are all still hooked on facebook 
i can not find my friend here on twitter she has acount or page ahhhhhhhh     :|           
@michelleclaudia dont cry  LOL go to twitpic and click the 'bin' then go to your twitter oage and delete the box
need un joli background twitter, j'en ai marre 
You know what I dont like? When you try to change your twitter background &amp; it says it worked.. but it didnt 
@LauraCavolo it's all your fault! if i wouldn't have gotten the notification that you got a twitter i would have never came on this again 
@twitter  : having a lot of trouble changing my profile pic 
i still dont understand twitter!! 
And I don't know where to go to make me one of the 3 percent or whatever that lets me read these @twitter replies to those I don't follow 
Aw I missed the chat 
@ItsJustJosh my twitter photo's broken too 
Where'd my pic go...stupid twitter! 
good morning twitter!!!! how are my slowly decreasing followers going? sorry for lack of tweets lately  internet has been stuffed!
my friends think im a total freak when i tell them about youtube and twitter 
omg my friends think im a total freak when i tell them about youtube and twitter 
sad twitter is choosing to not give me a profile pic again 
is a win-mo twitter app that allows you to see the public timeline and search keywords?  tinytwitter won't allow   anyone?
@dealady im sorry, i forget to write on your facebook and twitter   happy beloved birthday (sorry its soooo late)
deleting my twitter..iono wen..jus a heads up for those who care 
@kirstieburger kirstie add me because for some reason twitter won't let me follow you! 
@AdaPeck click the link on ecr's twitter. lots of nice places in thanet...but not qing  must do s/thing about that.
is shaking his fist like an old man @ blogs n twitter.plz help me understand these 2 or i might fail one of my course. 
anyone! tell me the way to use my twitter account!! 
i wish twitter didn't screw up my damn fake twitter page for jon. 
tired, wanting to go home  being sneaky on twitter at the back of the library waiting for my dad to pick me up ha
@bubble_gum_xox it's a twitter based game. Currently invite only though  #spymaster
flly am not getting this whole twitter thing 
@wilw 's filling up my home page with hockey and other ppl's tweets sound like accusations 
just changed the twitter app on my phone. its better than the other but i miss the old one  looool
hillhead library anyone  ? im new twitter  follow meeee x
i can't believe someone spammed me with porn within minutes of joining twitter.  perhaps i should leave 
Looks like I too committed the spymaster twitter spam-blast  sorry all
twitter wont let me change my pic 
I'll have to put twitter updates on 'sleep' I think. I woke up with 33 new texts. Most were twitpics which I cant view on my phone 
been searching for friends on twitter, seems they haven't discovered @twitter yet. been on @Secondlife too, same story 
I dont know how twitter works 
i have no idea how to use twitter  how do you make friends :S
I try to keep adding a photo but twitter isn't letting me... it's not over the 700k limit either 
@jasdeep @g0tti @sepiaverse often it gets difficult for me to follow a conversation  [twitter, do something about it!]
topsy does not support Chinese  http://bit.ly/MYjgD  http://search.twitter.com/search?q=%E5%9B%9B%E5%B7%9D
@Djwella  I asked the same question! I uploaded a new one and now I don't have one  twitter is gay.
I am scared that plaxo just asked me if I use facebook/twitter and flickr. Does this mean even more plaxo spam is about to come my way? 
stupid twitter wont save my picture 
twitter wont let me change my picture or info &gt;_&lt; ...going back to school now 
twitter won't let me change my background 
tryin to find some friends on twitter 
Explaining twitter to people is so annoying because they never learn. 
LOL I keep seeing updates about Picacio's twitter account; sorry folks: it doesn't exist 
@cbgfilms dang, your chat is moderated, i can't speak 
I picked a lovely day to try change my user pic. @twitter pic uploading is broken.  booo
wants people at work an on twitter to stop bragging about their g1 updates because i dont have one yet 
@AnnieHeartMuzic I know right  i dont know why twitter is messin up tho.i really hate this background,but it cant changed fo sum reason
twitter has stopped me from tweeting - I have reached my limit - sorry to all players - I cant continue now.....  bye
i need to find a new twitter background  ideas?
twitter wont let me upload my picc psssh! 
trying to find someone else that i know who is on twitter 
how is dougie? i must ask it on his twitter but he hardly ever posts something, and I'm worried  hope you can understand my english xD xx
@rebstew on their twitter? I dont see them using the #fusedmb. If you don't use the pound sign it doesn't count. 
Anyone else having issues with twitter melting down? trying to change photo, and it's crapping out. 
@grimmers what about people on twitter :O i feel so left out 
@YoungQ i missed the chat 
why has this client bug not been fixed yet?  I actually got quite into twitter clients haaaa
twitter won't let me change my background image  siighhhh
@levarburton Not smoking but you've gone twitter quiet 
@katemate09 how are you on twitter now? and drunk?! you nutter! We are just reminiscing about uni, a it is coming to an end 
Danm havent been on twitter in mad long.  well anyways right now im mad sleepy.
Still has no idea how to use twitter, if anyone knows.. tell me 
@HRmusic I've got a friend that's here on the twitter that does that and brooklynvegan and pop wreckoning. They'd never be up to her par. 
@HRmusic I've got a friend that's here on the twitter that does that for brooklynvegan and pop wreckoning. They'd never be up to her par. 
@waltboyes Yes I did see that after I sent my twitter query...must remember to read things properly before I tweet! 
arrgghhh! can not upload my new twitter background. seems the birdie only wants a white background for now 
twitter hates me. for some odd reason it won't allow me to upload a decent picture. i may bite you and broke up with you twitty! 
anyone had issues updating their twitter photo? the site doesn't want to save my latest one 
@saraSTILLbossy I hope it helps. There is no simple channel to support for twitter. 
Apparently @catemonster is no longer following @Evanpewlazer on twitter anymore  o well
twitter hates me. it won't let me do anything!! 
I think I am having an affair... I am cheating on twitter with work  ...my love for twitter is strong tho  we will get through this!
Damnit @twitter  fix my account please!
OK, AGAIN I am off until my twitter is fixed 
getting annoyed at trying to used to twitter! i'm used to facebook it easier  feel like such a dunce!!
when members ok nkotb see me on twitter they run like hell....  
twitter wont let me change my picture!!! Grrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!   
grrrr...twitter wont change my picture!! 
i don't feel like tweeting anymore. 
hmm i really dont know how to use twitter  so frustrating....
just made my profile... no idea how to use twitter  though 
@BOOGNIGHTS yea i am a facebook junkie, so i'm sure once i get a hold of it i'll b addicted to this too. i hate conforming! 
this piece of crap website wouldn't let me log in! they made me think I didn't create my profile when i did!  ...not a good start twitter 
also wishes david schwimmer would follow me on twitter and that we could be friends 
@ayechbee I can't seem to figure out to get an app for twitter on my bb  help!!!!!
sad because nobody follows me and answers my msgs here on twitter 
twitter wont let me upload a pic 
Has no twitter friends 
twitter is being dumb, and not letting me change my photo 
twitter wont let me put a new pic up 
My twitter background won't change! 
@MichaellaBassam sorry i was going to give you credit for the tweet, but i ran out of characters  boo twitter sometimes, aha
I swear my twitter is haunted! Now I can see this random background pic, but I still can't upload and see my default! 
People don't like to follow me on twitter, sad  i don't update a lot but please people I do kind of have a life outside twitter. 
twitter is dead right now.  someone talk to me 
I need help with the twitter avatar. I give up, I dont seem to be able to upload one, or something somewhere is not working as designed. 
@hastendeveloper yes  twitter file upload not working properly
@stevenhealey not really - just enabled /disabled the link - have  re-enabled - some goes via twitter feed though - testing 
twitter wont let me upload a new pic ??? 
@oceanstarrr not my fault, twitter is gay and hhas that whatever amount of letters haha its worse than texting 
i wish i could be in the chat.. 
@musosdan where is the fun in that? i know. When twitter screws it up 
This sucks! I can't change my picture here on twitter. any help?? 
@Claireeee09 fuckingy fuck why didnt i check my twitter one last time  oh jesus i am really gutted over that! have u read ians blog on it?
computerless  but yet i still find a way to be on facebook and twitter....pathetic
Troubles with twitter, people can't find me on search   
glad we got out of china before the #twitterblock. hope it goes away after 6/4 or i'll miss my shanghainese twitter peeps dearly 
Considering protecting my updates so only people I follow can see them... seems to rather subvert the whole point of twitter though... 
@mcduffchannel nah, twitter one. what do you see? anything? I tried to change it, and all I see on my profile now is a ? in a box 
i hate facebook. i only like the quizes coz its the only thing i no how to do on there.  so confusion
hiii all!!!! new on twitter!! trying to enjoy boring Vacations!! 
@polvodestrella Aaawww, bees suck  *tries to chase them away via twitter*
forgot all about twitter  shame!
stupid twitter wont let me upload a background pic 
why can't i twitter on my phone?! *sulks* 
still confuse how to use this twitter stuff 
I have no followers  and I am still trying to figure this whole twitter thing out!  haha
can't download a new pic or a background on twitter 
everyone follow my parnta @itsJoHNBoyYaBOY  his twitter got hacked  also follow my bruhh @GuttaFresh he's one of my best friends 
@WildFlowerSweet I know  I tried a different one, but I guess it's a twitter problem 
twitter does not like my new background 
@LuvinMeSomeD I missed the chat 
trying to fund people to add on twitter... dont have very many 
none of my friends r on twitter 
something's wrong with twitter my pic won't show up 
@YoungQ no chat for me  im on my mobile
so twitter is being dumb and wont let me change my background 
Really hoping beach vball gets cancelled due to this not so nice weather  http://twitter.com/mjlundeen/statuses/2008545348
it saddens me how ignored danny is on twitter  #springsteentalktomcfly  spam people!
Oh shit twitter. I think i burned my hamburger helper 
testing.. with hotspot shield.. just to check if it works now that chinese govt has blocked twitter and hotmail 
@aaronaccarterfa ahahaha glad you are!!! but check my latest tweet and see the not so good news! 
@alneeZy lol and its cuz they have no friends on twitter  lol.
starting to get bored  on twitter  nothing to do on here
@twitter i don't see so many of my mentions!!! i know they are in my friends' pages but they just don't appear! 
@pepperlive !!!! where has all your twitter love gone?  havent heard a tweet out of you in so long 
@retrohandmade I finally found you guys.  I keep missing our meetings on etsy due to work issues   but now I found you all on twitter, yay
will someone please explain to me how to work twitter? i have no idea how to comment on people's status or respond to comments! 
trying to figure out how twitter works.  
i have no friends on twitter!! sad...theyre all on fb 
people messesd with my twitter 
china's banning twitter....crap.... my page will be gone soon guys 
@technicolours yep, twitter's being bombarded. nothing you can do 
http://www.happn.in/ is a nice attempt for local twitter trends, but does not cover any  Indian city 
trying to figure this whole twitter thing out.... 
nobody wants to be my friend on facebook  hahaha. someone ad me the link is on my blog manuelalire.com
there's no quick way to trash multiple d/msgs. and there's no direct pager. twitter is for now-tweeting, not for past-retrieving 
why doesnt my picture upload..... it comes up thats a nice pic then nothing,, is twitter lying to me 
@AlexReed92 beww  well keep me updated and for twitter emotional support.
fuck, twitter ate my picture 
can anyone recommend a twitter client for mac tiger 10.4? tweetie only works on 10.5 
i dont` know play a twitter  ? hhfs
waaahhhh!!! i just missed 1000+ tweets!? god i have to be hooked up... i've been mourning my scholastic status and it is still in my head 
UGH ! My twitter background can't work for some reason !!!! 
@rehna_tu I'd been waitin' for your return to knock on my twitter door. 
@ahmadzul i agree with you about blocking twitter. Its useful keeping ppl updated on my  whereabouts, but with blocks, not much use. 
doesnt have any friends on twitter 
is still gettin to grips with twitter but seriously needs people following him or else he will be sad 
needs a twitter lesson really bad! anyone tell me how to actually right comments? pleaseee! LOL, i know, embarrasment 
At work. Apparently, they don't take excuses from twitter-peeps. S'bullshit 
I am back, i dont know why we not get any followers  but i will ask @mileycyrus to write about ur twitter on her page, good bless
faks sake , now my twitter bird looks all blury 
gmail, facebook, twitter, yahoo mail, yahoo fantasy, blogs, online bank, google calendar, finance, amex.... when will the madness stop 
What am i doing you ask, twitter? well.. im missing my bud  wish she would come online  *sniffles*
suddenly missing all d fun i used to have on twitter.... &amp; thus m getting freakin' bored.... 
@AshleyLTMSYF follow nicole on twitter! and then tell her ur id and tell her to follow u back too!! dont luk nice to us fans this way 
's pillow has lost its poofy-ness and is now uncomfortable to sit upon  make it better, twitter.
all these girls in underwear keep following me  (on twitter)
asdfghjkl. something wrong with twitter  
While reading my google readers' list, I realized how much of people-I-read's life revolves around twitter 
Anyone else with a G1 using another twitter app...  
is shocked that hardly any of her friends are on twitter, and that hardly anyone is following me 
chris told me his twitter address, I remember him telling me and spelling it out and I remember thinking 'bitch don't forget this', i did 
my tweets have been all kinds of boring lately.  way too busy and brain dried up  sorry twitterverse
@michelleetaylor what happened at the live chat?! I had to sleep early 
I do not want to be in timeout anymore twitter 
me thinks one has to be famous for twitter thing.................. 
ive become a twitter addict 
@flooorx3 your my only friend on twitter. everyone else is famous. i have no friends 
I am not sure what to do with this twitter business 
i'm getting off now  this is what happend when you need to read a book in 3 daays,u stay without twitter :o xooxo peoplee!
Y mobile twitter wnt let u look at ur followers????dis makes me very sad 
I'm still bummed at twitter. All the avatars of the people I follow don't show on my side bar. 
@sabeeh90 boy stuff...i'd rather not discuss details on twitter. 
what's the deal with twitter?! i don't know how to use it 
@lauraluvsmariah someone wrote it on twitter...not sure if its real! I wish we could hear it  from @ thebeckyanne
that's the only problem with twitter you can't tell who is fake 
Something is wrong with my twitter app 
twitter is acting so stupid. makes me not want to talk anymore 
my twitter has commited suicide i cant see delete button reply button. 
@tommcfly LOL me too  i'm addicted on twitter and i'm getting crazy because of that haha
Why don't more people join twitter?  I guess we need to start recruiting.
@jonaskevin  ill see you then! maybe then ill be able to stay on! and not overuse my twitter priveleges!
twitter is no fun 
Wish more of my friends had twitter 
How do u send twitter updates from your phone. I know how to do twitpic but not twitter. 
@KaptnGraves I never even saw that you left me a msg  I suck at this whole twitter thing... so i download dumb thingsl ike twitbabble...
@NaniWaialeale: that's prolly y twitter won't let some of us change pic n profiles go figure I'm one of em 
i feel sorry for kristen, her twitter acount got hacked  i hate hackers &gt; so she had to make a whole new one awwwww poor thing
have no friends on twitter 
I am sitting on my sofa starving  watching some boring cooking thing on tele and setting up my twitter page
@ Emmmmm11 someone's clever...using twitter on their phone lol =]...I wish you were on the comp too its soooo boring 
@Emmmmm11 someone's clever...using twitter on their phone lol =]...I wish you were on the comp too its soooo boring 
OK, I have been on twitter for sometime now but still can't get it or the magic of it 
no one on my facebook wants to play on twitter 
just got a hit by a huge wave of homesickness again...maybe I should stop logging on here and facebook... 
@StewartKris sorry someone hacked into your twitter 
&quot;twitter with friends&quot; + feedburner + google reader = not good enough  missing too many twits and showing them too late ...
I wish I had a smartphone so I could check my twitter page at work. now I can only post, I can't read anything. 
@Mileyc1fan yep,  so r u out of schoool yet??? about half of my friends on twitter r it so unfair
me no understand twitter 
i have like noooo friends on twitter  plz follow me!!!!!
doesnt no anyone on twitter........         
@themib someone told me after the 4th it would be ok, but its not  got hotmail but not flickr and twitter
@TheRealAmz wish i had sky sports  great keeping up on twitter though
awww how pathetic am i only 26 yes u heard correct 26 twitter followers 
WTF, twitter search has no memory 
@KhloeKardashian khloe answer to your fans on twitter... u never do 
@lownleeeynjul my dad is trying to get me off twitter  you got msn?
for some reason my tweets arent working from my phone  boooo !
@DavidArchie is getting hundreds of tweets.....pretty unlikely he'll see and respond to ours. 
i few hrs, i will deactivate my facebook account due to domestic problems n privacy invasion, good bye facebook... good bye friends... 
@therealsavannah i can't figure out how to get to the chat!! 
@GillyWillyWo0 'fraid not. ...its trying to find something decent to watch on TV and twitter....  
Wish more of my friend had twitter 
does not understand the concept of twitter at all !  and is absolutely confused
someone help me understand this twitter shit again 
@jbaksaxoxo ew i only see me on your background! (twitter) chaange it 
@TeenCelebBuzz no problem it's me @JoeJisthebest on my other twitter please follow me i had to many tweets 
@livvvsterrrx0 LOL everyone has twitter...you can stop the stupid category from making one  wish you could though
@abbyholland some seem to be sex twitter-ers. I feel like I'm drifting. 
@SpcSquad alright....hold up there's something wrong with my twitter mobile!!...can't see the follow button! 
@bojoux please follow @bojoux . he feels left out and lonely.  he's not getting the hang of this twitter nonsense 
kassi thinks @jessie001 and @aprilllllx should get their asses on twitter 
Just made a new twitter page, and have no friends so im feeling rather lonely  ahh well i'll get over it in like 10 seconds...yup over it!
@StewartKris I'm sorry that someone hacked your twitter  anyway.. what's up?
going t o the movies with my best friend mary!! wich does not have a twitter 
@ebassman u don't show all ur twitter friends love 
@Gillxox sorry that tweeted twice... my twitter isnt workin too well either!! 
minus twitter friends who cant come 
@thegame123 my twitter is though, my laptop is still made of fail  can't use it, so now i don't have a tweetdeck
@thegame123 my twitter is though, my laptop is still made of fail  can't use it, so now i don't have a tweetdeck http://tinyurl.com/pdqjub
@YungCEO i never here form u either  the love is not on this twitter i see lol
jus creating a twitter page, but i have no friends 
trying to find friends on twitter but no1 has it  mm ill just stick to myspace haha
goodnight twitter going to sleep earlier then usual. really bad cold 
to my twitter &quot;friends&quot; i will return the favor &amp; follow when i get on my computer. still tryin 2 figure out twitter on my blackjack 
@tommcfly im trying to vote for you on the mr twitter universe thingy and i can vote for everyone but you 
going to bed now, i grew bored of bloonses, plus i couldn't get level 32  goodnight twitter-verse!
not finding many friends on twitter 
kind of annoyed that so many of my tweets didn't go through on the ushmm twitter tour. 
i keep trying to get twitter on my phone but i am having all kinds of problems... 
my name is taken! theres so many ameline in twitter! dang! 
@FengShuiTips4u - woohoo! you're back! i had no idea there was a twitter quota  not cool @ all.
Yes, people, I am backreading twitter again. I can never stay live with you all 
.work was tirinqq  qoinq to bed now. niteeee twitter. [first day on twitter;;a newbie hehe]
still learnin how to use twitter bear wit me 
Everyone can check their twitter but me 
trying to avoid twitter jail is like taking candy from a kid, not nice 
is still cant sleep  lol loves twitter already! (:
@MissKeriBaby~ I've missed your tweets... &quot;I'm a mess right now&quot; and &quot;hurts me&quot;, that you haven't been on twitter as much!  BFSF.
work was crazy....sad that my twitter mobile isn't working 
sooo miss twitter  dang the office firewall.
@DonnieWahlberg @txcranberry Sends her love! She is in twitter jail! She can watch but not reply! 
loves tweeting on twitter...even though i have like no folowers 
..getting bored of twitter because nobody famous talks to me   lol
@corywhorey super annoyed at this twitter phone thing, i cant @ someone i'm confused 
@realmarycarey I'm not getting into this twitter public bs. Thks. U know I love u, yet I wonder ur motives 
i really dont understand this twitter buisness....and ive got no friends 
i feel like i have let tom down  comeooon people vote for him! @tommcfly deserves to be the twitter king!
@judez_xo I haven't been lying  who the hell lies via twitter? lol
@theDebbyRyan my great illusion is that follow me on twitter 
is trying to find people she knows on twitter...quite unsuccessfully...how come nobody twitters? 
I wish I had a fancy way to drop my tweets  http://www.myspace.com/typhoon227
@londonshiatsu No kidding! It's annoying. It's like I permanently have to be online to police my followers to do the job of #twitter. 
@tommcfly do you think that someday harry will really use the internet?He could be like you,want harry on twitter more often 
follow my little doc niece :O) she is bored to death  http://twitter.com/abeda_sl
@tommcfly do you think that someday harry will really use the internet?He could be like you,want harry on twitter more often 
@Larrilious no tweets since...shit MUSTTTT have been jumpoff  lol give a brother some details
It would seem the answer is no  I cannot claim my twitter feed with technorati
hmmm, getting put on the hitlist and slaughtered in mobwars on facebook... only have 1 person in my mob, maybe thats why?? 
I don't have the hang of this twittering yet 
twitter makes me sad  so much famous people but i am not part of them just because i live in germany and not america :'-()
lmao http://www.tweetmeblack.com/ black people get their own twitter. 
@MouserNerd lol just go to twitpic.com and enter ur twitter name n pass, then hit upload... &lt;3 miss you 
why wont twitter work with my phone 
I only have 13 fans of facebook..........http://bit.ly/eyd9n 
@Carlamariex i dunnoo whyy but im ded   and need a good chat and stufff 
#NASCAR hit my twitter limit 
has been ordered to join the twitting bandwagon by his one and only follower 
apparently i don't have enough bandwidth to watch apprentice on iplayer. i'll be signing off twitter and everything until i see it then 
any one else upset that the real suri cruise is gone from twitter.....she was funny 
@jimconnolly just haven't clicked with friendfeed yet though... I like the openness and simplicity if twitter 
fml. the ghetto fun i have to use until the replacement comes in the mail can't display twitter on the mobile web. 
 nobody I know is on twitter.
no one of my fucking friends are on twitter  wtf!!!!!!!!!!
Shouts to @Songbookbaby for breakin up our twitter relationship already! 
mad @linsheshoo decided to delete her twitter   boo for creepy people
trying to find motivation today and am seriously lacking.  i turned twitter updates to my phone off... and it's been nice.
My bad,  @swaggloco, is my dinner buddy, i dislike this twitter apps now 
Finished fixing my twitter...I had to unfollow and follow everyone again 
hummm.. goodnight twitter .. ending off in an upset state 
@iamspectacular but lol we were too young  lol but i got a question how did u kno me as the twitter girl lol do i twit dat much? Lol
@LizNewLifee awww I'm a bad twitter friend I took a nap after my food  sorry!!! Lol
can anybody help me to change the colors of my twitter design plss 
I shouldn't check things like twitter and facebook, apprentice winner and big brother ruinedd  go yasmina, kate was deffo a robot norassed
I am trying to change my back ground pic but twitter is not letting me 
So bored, no one is on myspace, aim, twitter, buzznet, and I have no new emails  message me! Haha
twitter is stupid lol, none of my friends even have it 
@XXxstephaniexx I do!!! send some through twitter, hey srry f i havent been responding , but mom took my cphone away 
@theshapeshift that scares me. because youve never said it to me... but you post it on twitter.. for someone else?! :O !! 
No more opinions from me  it will be better this way twitter.
@lightsnoise whats with the lack of tweets?  YOU ARE MISSED!
i missed the live @selenagomez live chat! 
Turning off twitter because everyone is talking about summer jam 
@HansenBanana no one was on facebook so now I'm reading webcomics and watching other people live interesting lives via twitter. 
no twittering..wow for being multi tasker i cudnt babysit &amp; focus on me 
@iamgaberosales the source of all our twitter conversations is gone ... 
@selenagomez noooooooo, i missed the live chat! 
Someone talk to me on twitter dammit!!! 
nobody has twitter 
akkk--i need some major help with a design bug on my blog.  can someone ping me for some wordpress love before I cry?
What's with colour settings how come they don't give u a drop down anymore  twitter.com you need an update!
it'd be great if my gf was interested in talking to me rather than being on the cpu, but I guess im not that lucky  goodnight twitter.
still can't figure out how to update my status on twitter by cellphones... 
@RooookieP I wish more of my friends had twitter 
needs to do homework  i shall run twitter in the background.
@9MMNINAROSS i dont even remember what hyperbole means   (i wonder if there's a twitter definition check) @_def? @def?
 attempting to get other people on twitter(other than cate)  to talk to me but it is failing
@madeleinelaurin  he will be fine gorgeous  ....how the hell do you work twitter?
i dont know how to use twitter, need to figure out myself.. 
thinks that twitter is not very interesting 
wants more friends on twitter 
@nicholasRodgers lol.. not on my msn i didn't  limited by twitter character limitations 
has no friends on twitter 
@BearTwinsMom i've been having so many issues with twitter and my twitter client that it seems like everyone has been on a 2 day vaca. 
@manz76 sorry for not replying earlier re #zazzle - didn't check my twitter for a while! 
wants more people to follow her on twitter 
sorry for spamming your twitter homepages... i'm a mean person with no life. 
@christinefarmer LOL, cool, I love your blog, it's always interesting &amp; informative... I ramble a lot! I know what you mean abt photos 
hi twitter its been a while. sigh. but still the same old story. 
@greatwithcoffe twitter by text sucks. i dont get everything i'm supposed to  it makes me sad.
wants to make a better background for his twitter, but needs to study 
try n to see it i like twitter of not. can not find any of my friends yet 
there is so much spam on twitter more and more everyday 
maybe it's like twitter, and you need to petition to have it changed or something.  @myf @robbirdakid @teh_lisa
I need help, my uber twitter won't let me upload imagessssss 
Two down, the rest to go  thank god for twitter breaks ;)
someone teach me how to use twitter 
actually got on twitter!!! ughhh...but i wont have another chance until...idk when  
tryin to find a / twitter client that i like. / none make me happy 
twitter wont change my background  listening to hawks fighting outside my house and waiting for @katie821...
 I feel the way this sign looks stay up twitter peeps
is there another twitter app for bberry besides twitterberry? it freezes up on my phone 
trying to understand twitter...i dont get it? whats the point? i miss facebook status updates  too many changes!!
whadafuxup with twitter!! I still dont get it! 
Depressed because i can't find anyone on twitter 
I am serious im leaving the twitter world unless someone stops me ..  why doesn't anyone seem to answer my tweets 
packing up the car to leave  err.byebye twitter
twitter keep me up.. i couldn't sleep. wish someone would call me.. 
don't get this twitter thing... 
i dont like twitter anymore 
I have to work tonight   But yay for figuring out how to get twitter on my phone!
someone help, why am i getting all these disgusting spam followers on twitter. i cant get rid of them either! 
ugh, what's with all the famous quotes on my timeline!  *yawn* what a dumb way to make your twitter rank higher 
working on my twitter background and getting very annoyed. 
my symbol twitter didnt work.  it was really cool too....
I wish i had some friends on twitter. 
reading all th twitter posts i didnt read and being made fun of by my own mother 
has not gotten the hang of this twitter thing yet  sad i know
@tasitam0219 Now I'm embarassd lmfaoo  uGH think I need twitter break
@danger_skies oh right well awsome anywayz love you, sorry my twitter playing up 
 I feel the way this sign looks stay up twitter peeps
REALLY cool thing about twitter...companies actually follow and respond. Thanks, @rhapsody, and sorry for the snarkiness 
WTF! i'm currently not getting anyones updates so i'm on twitter.com...ahh fml. home alone with the creature 
can't find any friends on twitter!!! 
I missed the live chat with @MGiraudOfficial   blaming TimeZone!
i thnk someone hacked into my twitter  oh well lol irdc HAHA
this twitter thing is complicated i want someone to follow me! 
@knockemdeadmax I never got my drunk twitter message you promised me 
@juhasaarinen Depends on the client.  http://www.twitter.com/kerryemerson website shows it correctly.
i wish i had more twitter friends 
i forgot about my twitter  i do not want to write this lab report at all but i'm excited for new things!
still none of my friends are on twitter. 
I need more twitter buddies  where did they all go?
Is anybody else totally sick of that stupd spy game clogging up their twitter feed?  I wish I could filter that out.
I feel like i've been neglecting my twitter fam  I've just been soooo busy with moving and then my old apartment was broken in2 &amp; trashed
I'd rather have shards of glass in my eyes than search for friends with twitter accounts! - I did my best 
i think im done with twitter 
Why does no-one ever comment on my blog?! I know people read it, and it's so pretty  http://436ff.tk
Fucking twitter. What's wrong with you? No one's updates are sending to my phone 
I still dont understand this whole tweet thingy but i'm working on it. i want more twitter friends. 
Looks like i having been giving twitter enough love...its cause my iphone broke 
Needs to link her twitter and face updates together... I can't have multiple status postings... It's like having multiple personalities 
Just had the most emotional talk  night twitter
@maufor ...mmmhhh.... no way for twitter on pidgin 
I dont have a background for my twitter stream...does anyone ever check those things?? and if they do...what should mine be? help 
@minhspire: you did wonderfully on your twitter theme but you failed at doing mine. 
There seems to be something wrong with the twitter application on my bberry! 
testing twitter, but don't find lot of friends. 
@SpicyChieLie hey..hello rhona here i made a new twitter account my old one was suspended..i don't know y.. 
searching for people I know, I'm alone in twitter 
I've got no friends on twitter, so I'm just tweeting to myself   
@afrankvt twitter's screwing everything up again!    how about a  hashtag like #fandev for twitter stuff.  google's getting it right now
is nearly 18! thinks twitter is kinda gay.. got to have xrays soon 
everyone follow @crunkstella everyother stella hudgens twitter is fake 
@andyroddick hahaha i had a feeling you were going to get slammed for that  ahh the joys of having an opinion on twitter!
@SabbieGirl sabbb i have no friends on twitter  only you! haha
@tommcfly the only reason I got twitter was to follow you. And now I am addicted. 
Wants everyone in her form to go on twitter but they are being sad x !! 
@ilovecpstyle That's isn't the chipper person I am use to seeing on twitter 
@officialdonnie - hold on tweet me ; i don`t think my mobile is wrkinq aqain . 
I need more twitter friends 
@SecBarbie yah and dont support multiple twitter accounts as far as i can see 
my lack of tweets deeply disturbs me. also, anyone got a stump update? havent heard much lately 
#haveyouever talked bad behind a stranger's back via twitter, and find out that that person has a twitter, and he/she replied to u with a 
stil doesnt understand this twitter 
mom says I have todelee my twitter 
is looking to get twitter on her blackberry... anyone know how? tinytwitter failed me 
note: of course that rant is for people not even on twitter. ha 
@samicappola same here!!! this is getting rediculous! i miss getting rediculous amounts of texts from you and abbi via twitter. 
need someone to teach me the twitter funda 
needs someone to teach him the twitter funda 
why wont twitter remember me?  i click &quot;remember me&quot; everytime I log on. 
duno anyone on twitter 
@cotweet searching users is a very helpful feature but too bad it doesn't work  been &quot;loading from twitter&quot; forever...
twitter will be taking a break soon  see you on the other side
hello i need somthing 2 do on the computer    some on eplease twitter me bak     
my twitter friends don't love me anymore 
Signing out, my nanny is making me go to sleep  ill try to go on twitter more...
i cannot find anyone on twitter! 
work are taking my twitter and myspace from me until I have my baby.....that sucks 
my plans for getting to bed before 11 were rudely interrupted by the twitter outage 
watching two and a half me and studying, veryy board.. so confused by twitter! 
why wont twitter update to my phone?! grrrr 
I'm not getting any twitter updates from anyone. 
dont think i like this twitter thing 
@DaveGorman the background on ur twitter page drops off the edge of my screen  - I dont know where the bike ride goes after 21/09/09
yay yay!!! twitter is back! woo. i was worried cause xbox live is down too 
I have no idea what's going on in the twitter world, senior week is killing my tweeting streak  someone update me please
twitter hates me today 
Wuzzup all u twitter tweeps!!! I would't feel so bad if this weather wasn't so crappy 
Wuzzup all u twitter tweeps!!! I would't feel so bad if this weather wasn't so crappy 
@billbeckett the chat keeps dying and i can't get back in 
mum quit twitter 
and my fone keep frezzin up!...I think im doin 2 many things at once...email; twitter; aim; yahoo; and txt'n...my fingers hurt 2 
When someone dies it = 1 less twitter follower 
http://twitter.com/haitianicon87 N I have come to da conclusion u cant turn.... into housewives  damn http://twitter.com/ReggieV2point0
Something weird going on with my twitter 
@mebplanner true.  though girlfriend signed up on twitter only 2 days ago and already got the hornie hotties and britneys. 
my cousin used with my twitter and he registered me at this get-twitter-followers site and now i got updates from people i dont even know 
@heyymelanielane MELANIEE. use twitter once in a while and talk to me i miss you 
so how about i just got in trouble on twitter for cursing ( via swear_bot ) wow!! were all adults  smfh
Is anyone getting twitter updates on their phone?? I'm not 
@youngq - can l pls get a twitter hug -  about my tour getting the axe 
wants to find more of her friends on twitter!! 
Hates people that add you on skype sends you a weird message then dissapears happened to me 3 times  and also happens on twitter to ;(
everyone is failing at being my friend on twitter 
i feel so cut off from the rest of the world. no internet, no leaving the house and now my twitter updates are cut off from my phone 
@sunnymchao that sucks  no one at my work but me is on twitter
whats going on to my twitter... the reply button, the garbage can and the star sign doesn't show up! 
@chloemoey haha yes! the thing is though, i didn't know whether to post it on facebook or twitter! so many choices 
trying to figure this twitter thing out 
well good nightt tweets, I haven't recived no twitter updates  hopee my friends aree OKAYY ! :/ tommorow shall be funn !!
only 2 people on my twitter page.one of them's me.doesn't feel nice  what happened to accepting good ol' invitations?!
@billyraycyrus hey mr.cyrus (lol) i wanna ask somethin.. does ur daughter, @mileycyrus have facebook account? she didn't reply my tweets 
@martinroyds morning mate, you don't seem to be in the best of moods, woke to a stream of twitter texts from you being 
everyone add @Czzzar on twitter! this fool is super friendless right now!  haha
-unloadin my tweet thoughts b4 I crash,dnt hve any1 2 talk 2  but I dreamnt of jessi,her ex&amp;her family...wasn't much...her ex was tryin 2
@evan can you tell me how to subscribe to a twitter user ? i already connected my twitter account, but my friends over there dont show 
@bethycotter i will miss your twitter updates muchly  oh and nice going with zone. you're my running hero!
still dont get twitter 
@amazondotjon if you quit twitter, you're not my favorite anymore 
i wish eminem actually wrote his twitter stuff himself 
damn... i need more friends on twitter, no one to talk with! 
wonders why twitter always shows a broken link when she tries to update her profile pic. 
my twitter updates arent coming to my phone anymore  
@lyndalpn tweetdeck seems cool -- grouping tweets into friends/celebs/news&amp;info is useful -- but it keeps crashing on me 
i wish more of my friends were on twitter  hurry up and catch on twitter!
twitter, why won't you send updates to my phone? and why won't I sleep 
@PHopfensperger Your home page on twitter is very scary 
does not like that uber twitter was posting her locations, it should be defaulted to that setting that is freaky business.... 
is trying to figure out the twitter thing.  I forgot I even signed up 
i just went to check out my new sweet twitter background and much to my chagrin noticed it's not showing up 
@twitter when I hit reply, it's bringing up the wrong @ name and I'm sending tweets to the wrong people! 
i hate how twitter wont let me post my facebook group link 
twitter broke again. it wont send updates to my phone  i feel out of the loop now.
twitter is being naughty today - can't reply to anyone 
my phone wont let me email twitter pics  sadnessss
@gary360 what is the difference from tweetie and twitter, man can't they just keep it to one program 
just blocked someone i did not recognize.....not sure if i like twitter! 
embarassing confession- i still don't understand twitter  i want to read the interesting stuff, will it ever happen?
why can't i get my twitter stuff on my phone now? i turned it back on... 
helped anyone use a twitter, can anybody help me? 
Why cant i get a custom twitter background 
@kamoosi you got nerve nudging me on twitter, with your lack of twitter use. 
I really dont know how to use this twitter business 
@Samxsampson sometimes i don't get my twitter updates either. the baby bird with the big feet is dead 
@lisha_93 wasn't able to  she's probably got hundreds of tweets so I understand..wow you did? I'm jealous! lol my friend harley did too..
Note 2 self: never mention salads on twitter!!!! I don't even want one now  lmao
no ones on twitter  its pooo!!!
asking people to join twitter 
i have no idea how to work twitter!!! 
twitter hates me. it's really upsetting  i think i'm about to burst into tears.
@EuanDewar trust me im trying, but I can only see them on your profile, they're not even showing up on the twitter homepage 
@msmcporkchop what happened?? you have lots of love on twitter if you need someone to talk to  i hate not knowing whats wrong 
i only have one friend on twitter! 
@brianwilliams Me too, missed the chat 
@NCrystean it's quite the experience. too bad i couldn't join the parade  hey, do you use facebook?
yeah, twitter is dead on my phone 
I'm just worried 23085705 people will update the news twitter with THE SAME THING and my phone will die 
my twitter is broken...nothing is coming thru to my phone. 
I still dont get this twitter business...i need more followers 
what's the big deal about twitter??.. it's kinda boring &amp; confusing.... 
So we only had 8 people say they wanted kevin to get a twitter account  it's not happening guys...I thought this was a shoe in!
sooo bored. twitter is boring! all you do is sit here and do nothing.  i dont like this site.
@benjigreenfield i will come take one with you. Haha you txt twitter before you let your own boyfriend know 
@|RachelWest| I've tried to contact the owner of @RachelWest so that you can have the username, cause my twitter doesn't like the line. 
currently finding a shit ton of old friends on twitter and realizing my life is wicked incomplete without them  &lt;3
@summerburtech how did you get yr twitter background? I was trying to get one of the backgrounds from their website but it wouldnt let me 
@melissavranicar something is wrong with twitter!! you never show up on my home page  SADFACE
@missyplease I know  ever since I turned twitter updates off on my phone, we have.
Is thinking ubertwitter is fucked!! Bberry's need a decent twitter app!  maybe I should make one........
not happy with twitter's decision to remove @ replies from people I don't follow. Messes up my whole random followfriday gig I got going! 
yes, my twitter bio says kitty poop. oddly enough my kitty keeps pooping everywhere  maybe if i change it he will stop?
@mgoldstein sorry about that. situation is out of control...   http://blog.artandmobile.com/2009/06/os30-support-for-my-apps/
excpet i still cant put up a pic  twitter needs to be ablw to see me ;) !!!!!!!!!!!!
i think my twitter life is coming to a close!  i'm missin out on all the talk! but i'm gettin paaaaaiiiiid!
I'm losing my twitter buddies. 
just got this twitter  and now im at my grandparents 
Knowing my luck, the busysync people are monitoring twitter, see my post, write me. 
@dannywood can you tell @jonathanrknight to unblock me?  I'm sad! I have him on my twitter background!
hummm is @twitter  having issues following new people  ?? 
my girlfriend made herself a twitter just now.so yeah,another way to contact her. &amp; yet that reminds me again of how i still cant see her 
@bevurlee I am procrastinating work and trying out the twitter facebook app. It sucks rocks 
tired, tired and sore! twitter display pic still isnt working  xo
@allisongreen it shows you're live on stickam, but i can't get in the chat 
@jonaskevin haha it's true!, twitter make me feel so close at you and nick, argentinian fans are miles away from you 
@sicuddle how could u post some shit on twitter.but not answer my calls! 
everyone is getting all hulk on twitter with these avatars and im scared of radiation 
So I had to set up a new twitter account, because twitter messed up my last one and couldn't do a thing to help me.  sad.
wow hayleys making fun of twitter 
@theONLYdavid thank you twitter....u dint tell me how to hook my twitter page up 
@peterfacinelli boy that is frustrating! twitter is being so fickle with you!  #peterfacinelli #peterfacinelli #peterfacinelli
men i do not know how to do this twitter shit 
welcoming myself on twitter! wat exactly am i suposed to do here?? m lost ... is anyone derrrrrrrrrrrr ... 
@michaelboss dont use twitter or fb on mobile yet 
@alexoli Not an excuse  Really, a picture came up with birds and a whale saying tht twitter is to busy or something... too many tweets?
nothing is new on twitter 
i think something's wrong with twitter. i can't add favortes 
twitter makes it easy for assassins to track their targets 
myspace isnt working, next best thing is twitter 
seems we have reached our daily limit here on @twitter  anyone who has recently added us hang tight we will add connect with you asap
@clubbeyourself looks good, but i dont like to surrender my twitter password to join 
@iToneboogie bro please stop these tweets b4 u lose followers 
in school on twitter.. how rebellious! aha booooorred though 
Having fun on the @EternityChurch twitter, not having fun breaking my tooth 
try to understand twitter 
to add to that last tweet, my life is now over   I'm gonna have twitter withdrawals and think there are bugs in my skin and kill myself :|
Just joined twitter - don't know how to use this thing. 
wtf? http://gossipcandy.com/2009/06/fake-dannys-twitter-responds-to-the-controversy/ can't believe i missed #gokeyisadouche last night 
i havent been on twitter for a while, turns out i had a viruis :p sad thing is i still cod have used the internet 
I have a sore throat  Seems pointless asking as I haven't many followers now but I want to change my twitter name, something good, ideas?
i'm trying to get the whole concept of twitter don't really understand yet 
I think my twitter is attackd by a kind of worm 
@JaymesTerence lol twitter is acting dumb.... my background pic is supposed to be my main 
Signing up to twitter, later than everyone else, as usual 
twitter allows so little procrastination  wish someone would hurry up and do something interesting on facebook
I need a twitter lesson. It makes no sense 
wow 17 updates:O gtg in 30 mins mum needs my help  be back on at 7, 6 followers and i just joined thanks! twitter is addictive lol love it
@soul4real  she says she can't make it   #sloancsym http://twitter.com/Intellagirl/status/2221124490
Trying to figure out this twitter thing.... 
@mellyford how come u dont twitter me no more 
the green overlay doesn't really well with my twitter avatar, which is multi-colored and partly green to begin with.  rats. 
dosent know many people with twitter 
getting fed up with all the marketing &amp; sales pitches  on twitter at the moment, drowning out the good stuff 
I don't have any friends on twitter 
@Ivryblak but we rarely talk tho its just a twitter friendship wit u and i  lol
i dont think my statuses are syncing with my #fb...may have broken something 
PS: I really need to promote http://bit.ly/bUeRk  - who will give me a helping hand by tweeting a message with the link? pleaseee 
My phone's internet is lame. It won't let me go on twitter 
is finding it hard to get the hang of twitter 
man- i am bored with twitter now  i need something to talk about, ha.
So here I am finally on twitter, but I can't find any of my friends yet 
@rachaellingle awwww man! i was about to be your very first tweet but you already tweeted!  anyways i'm pretty happy your on twitter now!
Trying desperately to find the swim team on twitter! 
crappy phone wont support twitter 
I want some real twitter friends..... 
I tried everything. I emailed support@twitter.com no answer yet  @colorfeelings
has forgotten she had to update her twitter, how rude huh? She's at work, working on data entry... fun 
doesnt get twitter? and cant find my friends 
needs more twitter friends 
twitter doesn't allow sending replies to yourself anymore. was a nice way to continue the previous tweet  SeesmicDesktop forbids it too.
can't find her not-husband on twitter and is sad 
oh man i've got a twitter virus and i can't get rid of it 
media test today arrghhh. i wont be on a computer until after school, so no twitter updates 
@SweetestMuse  I don't get any of your updates to my phone. what is with this twitter ordeal!?
Just finished creating backgrounds for www.twitter.com/wdhafm &amp; www.twitter.com/cmooreevil.  If only that mattered to anyone 
having no friends on twitter doesnt make it fun 
@mwarf Yes rub it in. I'm sure you'll send your twitter updates everyday too. 
Why is there so much ignorance on twitter? Why do people hate to use their brain so much? 
@AndrewThomas89 testing destroy twitter right now, dont think i like it as much 
I need more twitter buddies.. 
Still don't know how to work this twitter thing 
feels lame that shes following 18 people and only 8 are following her on twitter 
ummm...twitter on my phone doesnt work well...what happened? 
am I only one with twitter looking weird? 
would love to know where 21:03 is on twitter but cant find them  twitter got to do better with this search engine
Today my account was used somehow to spam on twitter. I think it is okay now, but please contact me if you notice else anything unusual. 
I hate twitter because i get txts and get excited but then its just a twitter update and no one wanta to talk to me.   
 twitter is freezing my poor fucking computer. *sigh* I'll be back later.
twitter doesnt want me 
doesn't know many people with twitter 
Some people know how to ruin the whole twitter experience. Especially mine! 
I miss my twitter buddies 
Is about to delete my twitter account. I'm not seein the fun in it. I hardly have any followers n no one hardly ever responds to me. 
my partner in crime left twitter.   I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!!
@carteltmc lol I know I know im horrible at this twitter thing. I have a confession, facebook is my addiction 
i am trying to figure this twitter thing out its confuseing 
twitter's connection to facebook's down 
omgg i don't understand this twitter thing 
oh lol lol ok I get it ...and I notice I cant see peoples weblinks on their main page either  I can on uber twitter though
@sassieondupris miguel switched his name and got on twitter. so he too cool to be my friend anymore  BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo.
@peterfacinelli thats not good about your phone, that in wrong hands, very bad  see my tweets &amp; @WheatysGirl 's about the follower numbers
Erics making fun of twitter 
she's only nine.  bahahahahah our conversations over twitter.
I'm pretty sure twitter made it so anything with douche in it doesn't trend  irregardless #aaroncarterisdouche
@peterfacinelli I wish u win this bet but... I don't think u will  maby write to twitter and propose something or maby just bribe them lol
Does not understand how twitter works 
tweevning is another twitter word XD damn, can't use it right now 
wow. twitter is popular. still, nice to see how friends I always promise to go see but never call are doing. far too unorganised. 
@LRon_Jaii the sun came out and everyone forgot about twitter 
: wondering who in my twitter community will announce their unboxing of new 3Gs first...  sigh, I wll not be one of them 
@Rebekaaa i wish there was a like button on twitter 
@bestbeckie yeah, and that's how such a useful tool like twitter (great links, great conversations, #iranelection ) will die eventually 
I'm having twitter withdrawal symptoms. Dipping in and out isn't good enough for me! I'm so out of the loop 
with people who hate twitter 
whats with the lack of tweets form everyone 
whats with the lack of tweet froms everyone 
myspace is phished and cant change password. hmgh. fuck. :@  bahah an emo's worst nightmare i rekon. all those friends &amp; comments..
no one is answering my twitter questions! 
ahhhhh! somebody smart help me get a twitter ap! 
@hornyfurniture Yes because I didn't want them to access my twitter. It didn't sound that secure you know  So I made one myself 
@schachin but when i got flu i can't do any thing at all  or may be i can just use twitter 
i need twitter friends 
is wondering how to send a tweet to a particular person on twitter from his phone 
still doesnt understand twitter 
how do u make friends on twitter? im a loser  lol
@bkkay if you were taking about that twitter train, it was a virus on here  so i changed my password so hopefully it wont come back!!
what shud i do.... none of my friends r using twitter.... m alone in this big bad world 
@r_banks ur twitter background is kinda scary!!! 
I hope they fix this twitter reply problem I can't hit reply where I want to. 
fk.. twitter isnt working on my phone..  so forgive me for not replying or replying late.. 
@JessNStuff twitter owns facebook. no question about it. you do a question, im running out of ideas 
@dreamhost trans-am seems to be down  ticket submitted but I see you are on twitter now too
@peterfacinelli  well... i try to make that my friends follow you... but they dont want to open a twitter account...  sorry...
@heididixon why doesn't your twitter tell me where you are and why you aren't texting back 
U guys have been neglecting me on twitter @acume @j0j00 @calmche @scimone @MiaAnita 
dont get this twitter thing 
@PettyshkaDM nooo  you're so lucky that you have Twitter in the phone. JI'm jealous of you 
@TheRootBuzz has me thinking i have poor twitter etiquette  r friendships and loyalties being lost over who follows who? #juneteenth
no-fucking-body beteween my friends is on twitter 
@alec94 twitter loser ;) damn, nobody will come jobros  hmmmph.
ugh shes havent request my twitter thing, and ugh i want to see her!! 
The best twitter multi acct client I've used so far is a combination of #seesmic and #tweetdeck - I can't make up my mind. 
@twitter where did the nudge button go? 
@HRJAS yeah..i don't even b on aim like that now...i just wish more of my peoplez were on twitter... 
@msdivineknight Don't know...When I went to his twitter page it says it doesn't exist...bummer 
icant get on twitter on my computer.  glad the brother is out.
#twitter #bird : 've just notice that the bird has dissapeared 
@ConnoRAWR where's everyone elseeeeeeeee, tis boring atm on twitter 
@Weux082690, unfortunately, it makes it difficult to aggregate.    along with defeating the purpose of twitter.
..sometimes everybodies on twitter,, other times,, nobody is,, 
i have not posted a tweet in ages, WTF, i'm sorry twitter and sorry to my 52 followers 
@mcflyharry Can u say hi to me? I feel lonely  every1 else got a tweet :'(
@peterfacinelli sad, stupid twitter,  sorry, you want me to knock someone off??? j/k ...
Who else is on twitter?  I'm so bad with names   I'm starting to think I'm good with ideas though
@MartinOrton I have a problem - maybe you can help me... I am using twitter on web &amp; the trash, reply &amp; favourite selectiosn are gone 
Just installed twitter app called destroytwitter# looks pretty good and has some cool features but doesn't look as nice as twhirl 
5hr and 976 following_me and 24 followers_me... I guess I need a break... But in this way twitter is not very sustainable 
gets bored with an idea too easily ... like twitter. 
I think I need to get some of my facebook friends to join twitter so that I don't feel like I'm talking to myself all of the time. 
i wish my friends had a twitter page not much people talk to me here 
kinda mad my computer is acting slow  my twitter pro looks soo plain
me not happy with twitter, people not writting to me 
is hungry! &amp; still doesnt know how to use twitter properly lol 
@graphixdesign found you on twitter!! Last time I clicked the twitter icon on your blog I was given an error page 
@bookwhore With all the pr0n bots, pretty soon everyone will protect and twitter will turn into a closed community.  That will be sad! 
@legacy62 no news.  *sigh*  it's keeping me from blogging cuz i'm so focused on twitter! 
really surprised how many calebs have a twitter or mulitple ones and surpised how other non celebs try and act like they r the celeb 
twitter won't lemme delete my tweet  hate when I accidently type something wrong and it has to stay there. sucks.
#inaperfectworld ppl on twitter will have ppl follow me kuz i need more followers   and the tweet public is wut needs to help me
ok i don't like this whole twitter not working properly thing!!  keeps making my twitter go weird!!
So many things happened, and I wasn't able to open my twitter. sooo 
ok im still having trouble recieving twitter updates on my cell 
Would rather be twitterpating with her husband than on twitter...but he's out right now 
I think...There are some people I need to delete from facebook so I dont see them (or who theyve been hanging out with) on my mini-feed.. 
doesnt understand how twitter works... 
@laurengj you're so much better at twitter than me! I always forget to update/do twitterish things 
I think @itsbabyv is no longer on twitter 
@DJkleptic i hate to break it to you, buddy, but i checked out your twitter feed and you're spamming people. 
Mrs. K just googled me and scarily my twitter bio came up as the first result. How on earth did that happen? - don't remember being asked 
I was following somebody on twitter who died  crazy..
none of my twitter clients work on the desktop...@tweetdeck says application has suddenly stopped working  anyone else? #tweetdeck
I hate searching for people on twitter i never find shit...maybe im just antisocial  
@adaminspired twitter discussions suck. I have the distinct feeling you missed my points  plz send through a link to what he was saying
has no friends on twitter yet 
@embeep sorry about your sadness  I'll be home next weeked. we can faff about and stalk celebs on twitter
hi, don't click on the links from wax dipped bears, im not writing it, it's a twitter virus!  Anyone know how to get rid of it?
I need a new twitter client, good ol' tweetie is playing up 
I honestly don't think i will get the hang of this twittering, just when I think i have sussed it, disaster! 
twitter vom iphone unfortunatelly not mine...  by the way:SCHLURICUP2009!!!
oh dur! lol, on tiny twitter so I can't see the trends 
@mariqueen sounds like you`d quit on twitter. you also have 0 followings now. same game as your love trent? i hope not 
the twitter front page is full of chotu umbrella icons. no sign of rain yet here. me bored and no one is talkin to me 
http://twitpic.com/52o86 - leave a comment on here or any other picture....no one ever comments me on twitter 
hmm..i typed that under the trendy topic dont use twitter and it didnt show there..i winder why 
twitter problems  and the show starts... #connected
can somebody please tell t-mobile to update their twitter app for the new sidekick...bc its slow and it sucks! 
@mollymoosesays @rawritsria but i'm not in the chat 
okay so i'm new to this whole twitter thing.....and i'm usually great at playing with twits AND twitters but i dnt knw how to mke friends 
can't believe she gave into peer pressure. i did not want a twitter. 
love the fact that @DonnieWahlberg @jordanknight @joeymcintyre &amp; @dannywood all have twitter. @JonathanRKnight does too but its private.  
Having lots of problems uploading media with twittelator pro.  Says photo did not upload when it did then doesn't post the tweet.
Something is wrong with my twitter app and I can't see all my beautiful followers faces 
@eleo_blue Plzz visit my blog http://some1pulak.blogspot.com and comment.P.S ignore english grammar mistake .. 
@heylistenup  my dad has a twitter
#inaperfectworld i would live in america so i would have more chance of going to @peterfacinelli twitter victory do! 
if you reply to someone do they have to be following you to be able to read it? i don't know how to use twitter! 
all my friends that are on twitter.. please send me your numbers in my message box.. phone is broken I wont have one till monday. 
If you see @OjDaJuiceman32 's twitter page, he hasn't mastered the art of dm'ing yet 
*they said im abusing twitter  talk to ya laterz....
wished she had more twitter friends! 
afaik wished she had more twitter friends! 
nooooo found out that megan fox does nt hav a twitter page  it was a fraud, l h8 it wen people do tht, who r they tryin 2 kid
ive gone back to my old ways and have become addicted to facebook again, i feel like ive cheated on twitter 
twitter doesnt want  me to talk to michael 
has no friends on twitter 
@sonisphere dude whats your name! i dont like calling you the twitter dude 
should be doing english coursework and that english redo, but msn, aim, facebook, twitter and youtube have taken over  year 10 sucks 
@__artgeek__ You're the second person on my twitter list to get fired. 
Someone hacked my twitter  I deleted the update and changed my password, hopefully it doesn't happen again
The hangover was awesome aha damn pressing wrong buttons! Ahaha wish my sidekick had twitter 
just found a certain someone's twitter, too scared to add him tho 
My twitter won't let me click on any links...is that happening to anyone else or is mine just broken?! 
is boring on twitter because she knows anyone 
@ColonelCrockett true its just followers/activity = result 2 be honest, still cool to read stats though, wish I could see twitter traffic 
ugh this green twitter pic trend makes everyone look the same 
trying to set me up on twitter. I am a little bit scrambled 
samfish twitter comments too much, and not one of them was for my benefit... 
i dont have cool twitter friends 
@jusmelo your never on twitter  lol
@PinkTribble I hate people abusing twitter 
For some reason twitter has decided it doesn't want to send updates to my phone today. Ruuuude 
I don't think my twitter's updating on my phone anymore. 
has to find more friends with twitter. this is boring. 
@kikizako56 i miss you already  oh and i got twitter by the way so yay!!
I wish more people I knew had twitter so my tweets felt more relavent 
@mlm97 You should be able to type @whatever kenny's twitter name is and a message and he'd see it I just don't know how you could DM him 
@siembra #mytwitterrule is to not personally confirm anything on twitter...ppl say they don't care 
@ParkerTechGuy If @twitter doesn't fix the problem I just might have to.  #nascar
Night everyone twitter is been mean it won't let me refresh again 
@karenbyrne I am watching #churchonline, but I can't get the chat to work - 
is really trying to understand this twitter thing.... 
@joshcoop @jayme1988 my twitter manager explained it to me...the quiz was sent to 200 followers all at once so I lost my right to dm 
I Hate how twitter works on my sister's ipod but not mine. 
@mslujan ..dang girl, i can tell you're working hard cause you haven't been on twitter in mad long.. miss you 
how did the font get so big on twitter? 
@jett_trrs   [[sniffs and tears]] you didn't invite me and i created this stupid twitter thing just for you
argh. i needs new videos, why are none of my friends on twitter?! they cant stalk me. (initiate sad face now) 
well I'm off twitter sophie is about to die (inside joke) 
@ultraviolet5 hahah you were right this twitter thing is kinda fun. why aren't you one of my few followers 
Lol, talking about twitter with gramma mary. Lol. Suppp&lt;33 i miss pumpkin 
@RealMrScott same here! sittin here tryin to figure this twitter thing out.....its making me feel extra retarded 
dammit little sister is too internet savvy... can't believe she added me on twitter! had to make new account 
Something wrong with twitter ...... 
hates the fact that twitter wont upload my pics? i clikc save &amp; nothing happens! grrrrr   
twitter is really hard to find people 
@missgiggly I know, sorry  I've chopped my twitter followings right back because I can't keep up with everyone!
aa why is my twitter followers dwindling in numbers??? Dowanna follow me anymore isit?? 
@Haveyoumetamy i made a twitter mistake  i tempted fate! haha
oops i think i accidentally just sent out a twitter invite to everyone on my contact list. ohno i have too many chavs on there 
seems like spambots just arrived on twitter. 
does not like tumblr. its totally like plurk and twitter. don't see the point of having one plus there is tumblr popularity rating thing. 
feels very lonely on twitter 
@DanyalFalconer I'm a twitter noob (as in newbie) bad times 
i have no friends!!!!!  (on twitter)
@typicaldoll AND i called you but your dad tolds me that you were not at home, so  and omg your twitter photo is so wow!
just got an email on my fake facebook requesting to find friends for me...i have none   lol
PS- I'm ALWAYS on twitter.....2 bad nobody reads mine  or even cares :,,,(
Freinds, sorry about the twitter train thing. I didn't realize it wld send all those tweets with my account. 
hates the fact that most her twitter friends get up when she's about to go to sleep. 
Trying to figure out how twitter works 
can't get any of her friends from hotmail on her twitter  LOL
sorry for the lack of tweets guys, i've been computer handicapped 
I'm trying to get back into this twitter thing...not going so well for me 
It breaks my heart to see all these negative father's day statuses on twitter and facebook... 70% of black homes do not have a father 
@jamesmcdonald: yeah i seem to be having some problems with it.. i swear its there! twitter just isnt letting anyone else see it atm  lol
twitter sucks ... i can't follow my new friends  @peterfacinelli  see we got the same problem with new technology ;-))
Aw dammit, I hate these new colors, but who cares. It's just a twitter page. 
hungry!!!!  marjory- do u know how the heck to send direct messages?? i dont get this twitter shit..... haha
@nexcastellan It may still be suffering from the twitter apocalypse. I need to change some data types. 
update 1000! shame its me asking if anyone else is having issues with twitter 
Is there a twitter cache problem again? I tried to follow @SkydeckChicago twice now but twitter isn't letting me. 
im begging my friend to get a twitter but he wont answer my texts 
needs a twitter for dummies 
twitter me this twitter me that....hehehe....utica college is suckin major butt right now  gimme sum money why wont u!!!
We apologize for the lack of background image, folks. #twitter is giving us the infamous fail whale. 
I wish more of my friends were on twitter 
still has no idea how to use twitter 
@sims then dont look on twitter, i was spoiled 2... 
@JessicaHEYY12 hey  girl! twitter is confusingg.  ugh
hate twitter, it made me follow 100ish people and i cant stop folowing them. it wont let me  haha
I can't get the new uber twitter 2 work on my phone!!!  it won't even open
@TheFatBoys i need my friends by me at this time, and my twitter followers close 
How do you change the twitter background??? 
@RobbieRighteous i just needed to get away from some people and forgot that i could've just blocked them so i deleted my twitter 
twitter's just not as fun anymore without a mobile app. 
@fgeerdink staring at twitter staring at clock thinking yaaay I'm off but then nothing to eat  #homeoffice
I don't know what the idea is. I can use twitter, google talk but can't surf internet. What's wrong with it. 
I feel soo out of the twitter loop or twoop lol. I wish I had an app for my instinct 
twitter won't let me follow anyone today  #failwhale
@knitkat It is kind of odd. It seems like some let who answers their @ messages on twitter really affect their life 
@Sizemattic  no way to upload pics on this tiny tweet. 
kinda pissed the twitter won't let me unfollow someone who tweets ever 5 seconds and its annoying!!  argh!
hmm twitter problem, can't follow anyone it seems 
@heatherbbyyy  man i used to talk mad twitter shit.. now look at me  lol
@delanotho yes one of the many gnats that lurk on twitter  supposedly some company is making software to kill the bot profiles- Yay!
Couldn't design a twitter background cos the computer shut itself down 
yeahhh...so noone follows me on twitter.  none of my friends will get one!!
@YaeBoogie what bs? on what? twitter?? i havent heard or read anything 
wants to find steve furnell's facebook/twitter or something! but cannit find it anywhere  .. anyone got it? i hate twitter :|
I'm doing my twitter, but i have no friend on my e-mail 
how the hell do u retweet something when ur using twitter on the web without copy n pasting? i dont know how to do it 
exploring new things with twitter and getting ready to go back to work  
@charlieedyer ok so basically my laptop hates twitter..it won't let me do anything  but you are so lucky...i'll keep trying xx
disregard the last twitter update that i posted, please. i am sooooo tired that i am going crazy! i suck at spelling 
Something is wrong with my twitter 
feel very lonely on twitter 
twitter doesn't amuse me one bit 
just doesn't understand this whole twitter thing. 
@HuibregtseD  dayyyyna? What is this twitter business? I dont get it.  lol
awww my twitter looks ugly on my laptop 
@tallespin Here's your avatar I made for you on twitter: http://i40.tinypic.com/2vuakjc.gif - I couldn't send you it via direct message 
NONE of my friends do twitter. So I can't tell them how addicting it really is.. 
My friends are lame  how am I suppose to experience twitter in it's full potential if they refuse to make accounts. The movie was just ok
Not all of my friends knows twitter 
I sort of have an explanation (not excuse mind you) that may have factored into the stress attack/twitter craziness, PMS 
@natily_ ignored me on chinese chat 
U should never follow the guy u like on twitter u may stop liking him  like I just did.. 
is still unsure about this whole twitter thing,...maybe it's just me! 
Where did all my twitter friends go?????  lol
@hg6789 yeah i tried logging to my twitter from phone but i was not able to .. my laptop is dead 
dont work the same on twitter  booooooo
@ruckuus yesterday i left twitter early... and i'm curious on everybody's update since then.. guess i already addicted to this.. 
@aszeg twitter didn't show me you replied  you catch a glimpse of him when they show the entire table! and yes, you are loud hahah
doesn't understand this twitter business 
ive been missing out on the fun on twitter... since computer is being a fucktardd  sighss!!!
good golly there's a lotta sexbots on twitter. And none seem to realize I'm gay 
arghh why isnt twitter letting me follow people 
I've been attacked! Guardian readers hate twitter but they hate me more  I was only trying to support twitterature http://bit.ly/1ahwZT
messing around with my myspace page changing it up ! anyways still bored somebody help me dont know waht to do 
is trying to find people on twitter but is finding it really hard for some reason! 
bye twitter world! maths is finished, which means no more laptop 
Just wanted to let everyone know I can't update my twitter for a while cuz of personal reasons  love you all!!
@redfly no, but it's still not letting me block spammers at the moment. something's up with twitter! 
i don't know how to put pictures with my twitter updates 
@faye_tan omg i feel lost  and i hear that twitter is the easiest thing around. omg dumb
got only one friend using twitter, so damn sad 
my twitter scope is usually 90% right, odd.  just try to rise again?
twitter is in meltdown haha!  I don't want to follow U.S. sports and fashion freaks go away.  It won't even let me delete them! bah 
@1iranian i'm sorry... i know that not everyone has twitter... i was just retwitting 
my twitter is pooor! LOL, guttted for me. i need something exciting! 
@TheAndyKaufman I only got 99.5  http://twitter.grader.com/rampler I am less great than @god and you
@sinners91 you may aswell just remove your twitter account... the fact you have one and dont use it makes me sad 
@xBianC4x noope!! i don't know anyone personally in twitter  do u?
I need friends on twitter 
wants go get twitter on her blackberry but doesn't know how!  x.
is still thinking he might be lucky enough to win a #squarespace iphone, but karma seems limited a hospital stay for my wife.  #facebook
still buzzing from SIETAR... thanks to @pattidigh for pushing the old boundaries - boy, someone could make money off a twitter manual... 
I'm having a conversation with my bro via twitter/fb and he's only in the next room 
believes i'm a twitter-whore. (twitterers Anonymous), T.A meetings here i come 
anyone who reads my twitter is either very into education or bored le crazy! might throw in some naughty words to spruce my page up tehe 
@emflip we need tweetbook. everyone is on facebook and no one will read my twitters! 
Now on twitter! How fun! 
I feel so great for starting twitter at suzanne  but still hardly anyone has it.
Trying to find more friends to join twitter 
how come only audrey updates twitter. i need to follow more people.... sorry audrey 
in the meantime, trying to figure out a new background for my twitter 
@Jennifalconer cool, apart from @stephenfry on @wossy show, I have not seen anything twitter related on tv - I am sure it will be great 
@thph this is a GREAT twitter tutorial, maybe your hubby can watch it for you  http://tinyurl.com/4r5xwy He is such a good guy!!!
that's an interesting first tweet! LOL follow more people!!  congrats on the twitter though! xo
that's an interesting first tweet! LOL follow more people!!  congrats on the twitter though! xo @LOL_Tarwhaa
@lauramumford haha, don't worry my twitter friend, no 1 knows what they are doing at first 
@m_mekin One liners are very powerful, twitter is a prime example 
I am explaining my collegeau how twitter works 
hello everyone.. i m new on twitter.... posting my first post here.. 
@jenius go the cookie option!  also, fyi - hugh jackman is on twitter: @RealHughJackman
a new zealand web designer who is a twitter newbie is no longer a twitter virgin! hello hello 
@samin i'm in the process of thinking about stuff, similar unclarity here: http://twitter.com/villetikkanen/status/1464079123 
@osuamateur97 yeh its cool....better when you're out and about and have a twitter app on your phone...you can tell the world everything! 
@kirstyfionagh i modifed my twitter and i think you should do the same.  xoxo (yes, i too think i am now gossip girl) haha
is getting used to this twitter stuff 
neew on twitter; meeting new people 
im still trying to figure out this twitter thing. wish me luck. 
@i0n re:twitter outage. nostalgia perhaps? 
@Gaspadin I have a bigger twitter following than blog following. So partially still meant fewer people will see it rather than everyone 
is tryin 2 working out how to use this twitter thing! lol slowly but surely gettin there! 
forgot she had a twitter &amp; is pleased to know more people have joined. 
my twitter adviser @mercurialme is giving me great advice here on getting started, thank you 
my first twitter message  still getting used to it all but so far it seems pretty cool, but can you message/comment other people???
No tweets disappearing as of yet... thats a good sign. 
@mventre Based on just a survey of twitter discussion points, I'm inclined to agree. 
@TaniaUncensored tania, i think you should get athene and the rest of the crew on twitter 
@asouers enjoy!  twitter a compelling photo of the avon corps  
Trying to synchronize twitter and facebook..can't we just all get along 
@riotryan Maybe there needs to be a perfect description of twitter...in 140 characters or less. 
@grandavekr, @5minutesformom, @startupprincess, @thisiscarrie thanks for a great dinners. I wish I had every else's twitter names 
Hey everyone, @ReneSolis new to tha twitter family tweets. hit em up wit tha followers. 
whoooo hooooo, just registered...so let's see what twitter is about! 
@mooshinindy When you get ur answer to the twitter site that shows you all that....please let me know too 
@spork_54 i love ur tweets. And ur twitter activity's not too bad either 
i'm so confused with this twitter deal. i'm still attached to facebook. 
adding friends on twitter  then doing stuff later 
changed my twitter background 
hello twitter world 
@XoXoCaseyoXoX twitter is just what us busy chickys need...another distraction from the mass amounts fo work we should be doing 
finally got a pic up! I'm slowing figuring this twitter thing out!  peace facebook.
I had a dream that my twitter picture changed without my knowledge, then all my followers couldn't recognize me &amp; unfollowed! nightmare! 
Just reading tweets in trending #isoj &amp; struck by similarities jounalism facing compared to #edupunk -perhaps could learn fomr eachother 
I'm trying to answer every tweet so don't get mad at me if I'm taking long 2 reply 
wondering why all my friend twitter in english   they are geman, so why... whatever 
im learning how to use twitter  follow me please!!
@longpshorn dude, twitter is awesome! I get alot of replies from celebs, they're cool as hell and down to earth! they're just people too 
just got this twitter thing, 
checkin out people some poeple on twitter. this is soo cool 
@ThirdSectorLab It's obvious...conduct a twitter poll on what to name it! 
just joined twitter...trying to find people now 
everyone needs to follow http://twitter.com/bobsandifer 
@robstereo so i'm kinda ecstatic you have a twitter account. i was literally JUST jamming out to heartbeat yesterday with my friends. 
I am actually doing nothing, just sitting here figuring out how twitter actually works...well and I stalk celebrities 
@visionbroadcast looks like you're getting the hang of it  just emailed a few twitter tips to you
i love my life but i'm tired so i'm going to bed  goodnight twitter!
hasnt been on twitter in aaages but is so glad to be home from work and in bed with tomtom 
He's on twitter- that's how I found out.  great concept. It's worth the cash.
starting out on twitter... still learning how to use it...will see how this goes.. seems like fun following all the craze about tweeting 
this twitter thing is confusing me 
just started this twitter thing &amp; figuring out how it's done  
@vipvirtualsols you 2 can't say anything...if twitter went down right now you'd die lol 
@Dneg987 I nudged you to update your twitter!  I hope your lack of a hernia isn't too painful 
just starting off with twitter and is very excited to meet new people!!!! 
if anyone's just changed fm using #twitter app on #facebook to 'selective..', pls let me know. i will take you out from my hidden list. 
Off to bed I go...have a great evening, twitter folks- y'all are wonderful  
yes, your right. I should take a twitter break too!  bye bye tweeps! 
I just signed up for twitter and am looking around so see what the buzz is about 
hi  yesterday i went to yahoo answers to ask ppl about fun apps for itouch if anyone in twitter knows any apps  plz tell me thanks  !!!!!!
@sarahleighport is right @tweetlicious821 twitter is much better. 
you should use twitter from your phone, its very exciting 
@heydudeiamseth are you trying to link everyone to your facebook? If that's the case, mine is in my twitter profile 
wants you to check out his blog and tell all your friends to follow his story!!!  http://www.290minus100.blogspot.com
@NATTEH something to do.....talk to me ha....im on xbox live stilll but checking twitter 
wants you to check out his blog and tell your friends to follow his story  http://www.290minus100.blogspot.com
Here i come to the twitter world! Lets see whats all the hype about! 
@twilightfairy I shud thank you for making some sense of twitter in my initial days too.. u shud take up twitter coaching for dummies 
i hope my friends would twit  : http://twitter.com/iammikhael/statuses/1557074385
checking this twitter world out and playing a game on facebook. 
@hisaming buddy use twitter applications  which is your device?
@sapphirepearls wow sp's on twitter?  i'm enchantzment or spacemunkey anyway! one of the users.
believes that all suffering is caused by desire. hmm too philosophical for twitter? ohwell, I'm off to clean my room! be happy 
i think that i may be getting the hang of twitter now. i just like getting band member updates and shit, lol 
good night my twitter friends 
I miss deno!. I hope I find you on this thing  ... I'm totally all over mariahs twitter  I LOVE HER!. lol. well gnite
@laurencedessart welcome @laurencedessart  - (social pressure brings new twitter addicts  @pilok 
@atrak lol.. go figure you'd be on twitter.. hows life brother? alaska is starting to get warmer  ..!
@bellesims hey, im your friend! and when i just started twitter i thought it was pointless but now im hooked! 
@tova_s you are at the techonomy 2009 twitter list - making connections and looking for like minded people (bloggers, web2'Oers...)   
@madmagz22 hey hun! great to see u're on twitter, too  hope u're well ;-) x
hmmm...more and more friends are getting on twitter 
laying in bed with the hubby playing on twitter 
Or a twitter qwitter, makes more sense  haha
Today's #haiku: A private person/ who has a twitter profile/ is a twintrovert 
hi... my name is ```` and i stole the laptop from Lenorelolita. ahaha! so i went on her twitter and now im typing this 
not sure   playing withn this twitter thing  
twitter makes me realize how few friends i have 
excited that my friend @luvmax is on twitter now!!! 
@kittykat1994 hello love! so i guess you figured out what twitter was lol. 
consider this a warning,  just kidding twitter is overrated, but not really
@honestlyShelby someone's a little twitter happy ha 
is starting a new twitter  Hopefully everyone is having a good one !
@mussomitchel ps i think you are the nicest celeb twitter, unlike most you take the time&amp;reply to fans 
just started twitter!   i need some friends!
something said check your email...i did &amp; found out that britney spears is following me on twitter how cool is that lol 
@Bloodbounded Just search for people on twitter, en send them tweets. And sometimes updating your profile with what you're doing 
I have some awesome people followers on twitter  I feel special. its funnt cuz I know I'm special =D
@buckhollywood first person I ever followed on twitter. 
I'm currently introducing my sister to how twitter works. She's a fast learner 
@buffalo_escort I know that's right!  I just love it and twitter has also helped! 
trying to check out how twitter works 
just figuring out how to &quot;twitter&quot; wow I thought i was up to speed on the communication tech but apparently i was wrong! 
@kbrenea haha, we should recruit twitter-ers.  we still need to do something SOON !
@bryangreenberg you should twitter more like the others  It's always excited reading your twitter
@brypie just go to http://cursebird.com and type in ANY user's name.  It'll give you their stats and a link to put them on twitter. 
@chobotsandyou hi zone cool u have a twitter i thought u don't have one 
thinks her twitter layout is really girly  Thanks @dorothyy
@Mitch_M so many awesome people on twitter!!   and I have found U R one of them! ever need prayer contact me or connect with @worldprayr
Wondering if he made a mistake by adding @ssudaraka to his twitter 
Still trying 2 figure out this twitter ish! 
checking out this twitter business 
At dads changing my twitter password because i forgot it  all i ahve to do now is get my self a profile picture!
I'm on twitter - well at least I think I am - I'll get this thing eventually 
i think i love this twitter thing. 
trying to figure out this twitter thing 
my friend is attacking my twitter. sorry. 
@amja good to see you using twitter a bit more 
@belindaang I love this guy, he and a few others can really turn the mainstream news upside down with their blogs and tweets. 
on the way to work this morning and now has a new twitter friend 
everyone will be happy to know that @popitlockit and I are going to bed. so we'll stop raping twitter now 
finding a way to share twitter feeds in facebook 
okay tweets and facebook friends i am bout to lay my ass down, don't know if i will be sleep but I will attempt to  nitey nite.
my friend joined twitter x follow her  @karu08
@so_zwitschert You probably have about 1 million people watching your twitter right now. No pressure. 
@sundaywarfare that scott blinch is so narcissistic. look how the twitter box conveniently covers the other band members in the photo. 
knows anybody a good blog about celebs and their days on twitter,a kind of twitter-celbs-diary . i mean a kind of summary pleas tweet me 
stalking people on twitter 
Setting up this twitter business &amp; trying to find out just how narcissistic I really am! 
@dougiemcfly aaaaaw!!!! You need to come on twitter more! If you send out free prezzies maybe oud get more followers  lol xx
waiting on my oatmeal to cool off while trying to figure out this twitter thing 
@ericapaige83 We have such good taste in twitter layouts 
@diond  yes, I did my website &amp; my twitter. the only thing I didn't do myself was my blog, wordpress &amp; I don't understand each other yet.
Just set up this twitter thing on my cell 
@fun_bobby finally we reunite on the field! this is my first twitter message, feel very special haha 
@moonfrye ...the therapeutic use of laughter.  hope you don't mind me following you on twitter. (I don't know anyone on here) havaniceday
is going to bed now and will try figuring out all this twitter business later! 
and it worked! reason #1,233 to be a fan of chris cornell and follow him on twitter! 
Just cause its my twitter lol I just did my own nails  nice! I painted them dark red. K the end. This has been a public girly announcement
iis laughing at brianna cause she has no idea how to use twitter 
@elysion32 still tryn 2 learn this twitter stuff  what is ..
3 followers left to 1.000, curious who it will be, met so many different ppl at twitter from all over the world its amazing 
goodbye twitter..  see you when i get to hk  haha!
OmGosh!!! one of my best friends is following me on twitter! Matbe I will truly start using this since we don't talk lol 
@technofeliz I invented twitter flirting, I called it twirting but didn't like the name. 
@anyone know  How will I have followers on twitter? How can I benefit and let other benefit with my account in twitter? #iknowtweet
@golddigga752 Why hello there! I guess a 'Welcome to twitter' is in order 
@mediahunter yeah but at least they are using twitter! baby steps  #reinvention
do you want read my twitter? you can  I haven't anything to hide ^^
@nixman101 great  time to join the twitter fam!!!yay keep everyone posted 
@fsaronson how about that? so i just signed on to twitter to see what the big deal is. i think i'm too old to appreciate it this.  
don't really understand this whole twitter thing..but here i am! 
@SuperwomanAK I see you are quite the twitter bug today...and you said it wouldn't become an addiction 
is lovin this twitter from my fone thing.  watching robots againn.  then bed. peace easy sleezys.
All the fun interesting things happen inbetween twitter updates lol Currently eating shrimp fried rice n watching mazey mouse 
@iamBenLyons can you please give my cousin a shout out on twitter please she is in love with you  btw her name is hessa!!! 
i just figured id look in on the twitter world to see whats interesting. 
I'm happy  finally got my twitter page the way i've been wanting it ?
@joshtastic1 hey, it's a small world on twitter after all 
This twitter thing is very cool 
2000 tweet!  I will blow everybody as a reward!
@BeeswaxOverdryv no offense.. but don't smoke and skate and twitter, it's dangerous   and get some rest 
now trying to understand how twitter works 
made my twitter page all awesome and shit. now its interesting when i look at it.  
Showing mark twitter stuff 
@CocktailChic go crash someone's twitter party then! 
new 'trending topics' bar on twitter.com.......one of them is 'hamthrax' - funny! 
new blog post from me - sex, religion, politics, porn, religious porn, world domination, and twitter  http://bit.ly/XyyB0
so how are you ,people of twitter ? 
@chungyc I just assumed no one ever unfollowed my great twitter feed 
Woow I like twitter  hihi...here so cute people and stars xDD^^
is very proud of @jakehh, haha he's got the hang of twitter already 
So karlitos are you on twitter yet or just spying on my page on your iphone.. saw u save the link  see ya at work will talk.
added some twitter folks on Indiblogger. 
I'm so happy to find q80 twitter community 
shiiiiiiit i need sleep  twitters a little bit addictive! just abit i like my twitter background tis cute :&gt;
@byouchah I just found this twitter thing, trying to figure it out 
@conardd4 How are you doing? I'm still trying to figure this twitter out. I saw your pictures on face book and your looking good!!! 
@jennamcwilliams That's because you're on twitter and facebook. She isn't, so doesn't quite understand how it can become a bit addicting 
I made a twitter and found 2 friends  yasssssssssssssssssss.
@DarynJones I have a challenge ! lets see who can fill their twitter bg with names first 
it's emma here  just making abbie a twitter. follow please? she's the drummer for these walls are talking. ilux
Is sooo happy @carly_hall got twitter 
wow, i havent been on twitter in foreeverr..  kinda gross out todaay. . going to work @ the mall, then chillin w/ the boyfriend!
A barra lateral do twitter mudou 
@skylerhamby is amazing for being my friend on twitter! 
ok.. I'm still working on my twitter background  hope to get it finish soon
kinda likes this whole twitter thing..... i need more followers 
hello twitter world 
@TeamCyrus same bebo is really boring now, i like twitter MORE!  &amp; people just argue on there lol, so anyways how are you? xo
is wishing my friends would sign up for twitter 
yay for new twitter!  now im not following 2939849873 people idk wtf they are! ..btw hello mobile tweeps! 
g'night all... read my blog, tell your friends... well, tell the smart ones  http://publius772000.wordpress.com/
i like my twitter page background 
twitter is online! everyone welcome 
just started twitter... hope i'll like it! 
@sheryonstone haha i love it when blip and twitter meet 
feels like tweeting on twitter!  
just decided to keep updating my twitter.. for certain reasons.. hahaha..  [the veronicas rock! haha]
i'm trying to find my way around twitter! 
Just created an account for twitter. No clue if I will ever use it but at least I'm the first &quot;christophebaer&quot; in the world on twitter ! 
I'm sitting behind my computer and made a acount on twitter  now my friends are proud.
apologies to all on #facebook. as my accounts are linked, you're getting as many updates as twitter. nay joy 
i have just mad a twitter page coz i seen it on the news and celebrities have it as well and i want to meet new people 
@garrettandjoy I think nonsense is just fine. I'm not sure why people take twitter so seriously 
@therealsavannah i'm a pretty big savannah fan  great voice,girl;)..please watch my web show : youtube.com/user/GermanMiley 
@JoshDaws ah nuts does that mean you are lost to twitter? maybe a twitter app for the xbox? you married over your head me thinks 
@cresh182 celebrate the #hoppusday putting mark onto your twitter background! spread the voice 
Setting up my phone to twitter -- someone please twitter me -- please  
@lucindaaxo Until @twitter brings back our EVERYONE button, access the public timeline at http://twitter.com/public_timeline  
@GeoBlogs  I remember our brief chat well because you were the only person who had any clue about blogs 
comment my new pics on myspace please  i have know idea how to use twitter so um help
@chadfowler your twitter pic still shows you with a beard... people may walk straight past you like I did 
@JenCoopersmith I miss you! Yay! U got twitter!!  love you
@ezminj I'd know, and I'm a world away...that my friend is the wonder of twitter   http://myloc.me/sYt
@joeymcintyre i thought it was a cute picture - smile, don't smile, it doesnt matter, u are here showing u luv on twitter  Thanks!!
can somebody tell me if jun matsumoto is on twitter? i'm hooked on him 
I just got 213 texts from twitter !  it works again ! *dances*
@lmorris22 &amp; @tdizzle23 i'm not napping... my twitter on my phone was maxed out for a bit so i was gonners. awww you guys missed me 
check out cgoldenstein everyone  that's my big bro, he's new on the twitter scene
@iikkaa type whatever messages you want to appear at twitter. then send it using the number given by tweetsg. 
@BarbieBabs  OMG! i love your new twitter background!!  
just telling my friend that I'm on twitter 
@weshotthemoon I love your album! glad to see you guys on twitter. 
@Emmortal no problem, you are fully embracing what twitter is all about, and i fully applaud you for that 
Changed my twitter username, hated my old one..Not sure if I like this one either..we'll see 
please retweet the rumors you like or make people aware of this twitter account  i would be so gratefull 
@JSaputo nice to see you on twitter, mom ! 
@HesoFamous it's portia  oh I'm so confused twitter is to much... LOL help
@CriticalMMG hey, u are in the twitter game too, glad to see. 
@ayotony hi new twitter friend 
@ShaeFreeman I'm showing my oldest son twitter. He signed up 
@colieholmes YAY! You got a twitter! ... now txt updates from ur cell and try to get everyone else to join twitter  ... it's fun!
@postsecret try http://Pikchur.com for your twitter photos 
and I might add that I'm really glad to see my good friend bill found me on twitter 
I wanted to use twitter so that I could put  in and it'd make sense.
is debating giving twitter a proper go. now to try and understand it 
The top 5 words I've tweeted: hug, good, people, fun, twitter. http://tinyurl.com/dcxoty ... that's really quite nice 
cant send the dream story on twitter. sending on bebo mail  x
hmmm new search bar on #twitter 
@dhempe @roadrippersid http://twitter.com/friends?page=20 press previous on that page. 
Joining twitter! Just added a random person 
@prgirl I still think everyone using twitter now is an early adopter, but yes, the underscore doesn't look so cool 
@iamkryssa twitter does not suck missy love you 
this is vicky spamming belle's twitter! anyway, she's rainbows on dreamwidth!  i got her an invite code wahahaha
; i'm in love with twitter more &amp;more lol back off gaulers, i got this more 
Just noticed the new sidebar on twitter.com, looks nice 
@pooopy oooh really haha have they said anything about it yet!? i'll suggest the idea on twitter if you want/havent already 
@karasw I concur with @annielogue! It's priority on today's to do list  http://twitter.com/karasw/status/1695368792
@hotpants79 of course i really hope that this would be his real twitter page! that would be soo cool 
@Nicholina6....got your message!!! You are such a twitter freak! 
Trying to figure out how to use this twitter thing  Hahhh
@kyladreams aw you're the shit  thanks so much for the twitter loveeee. i appreciate every last drop 
Oops!  My mom accidentally signed into my twitter account to comment on my pictures!  
@charmainelhs then you must insist you write essays the twitter way - no more than 140 characters 
live chat soooon most likely. 
@SecretVampire:  nice to see you on twitter! 
hi twitter people 
loves my new twitter background...my two heros...wichita and kraussey!  haha
@darrala sorry again, I don't have a twitter ap on my phone, so I only text to it, I can only reply on the internet for now. 
@dzaniff I was searching for interesting people on twitter then i found yours and the link of your blog was posted on your profile. 
trying to figure this twitter thing out!   I'm quite excited about it
@pameladetlor netflicks! watching milk... better go wife is jealous of my twitter habit 
@N0S4A2 wowie wooie someone updated their twitter without me having to remind you. I'm not even mad,I'm impressed.  how was the lasagna ?
@vimoh there are other signs too  of twitter addiction!!  Levels from 1 to 6.... LOL I am probably on level 4 ... lol 
@abbyjanky whooop! you got me on twitter!!  dang our line of communication keeps growing!
@DaveP_47 hey, watch out you don't post too many adverts on your twitter feed. I wouldn't normally follow, but your blog is interesting 
has just joined the twitter community 
@Topify just for a little while.. to get an impression of how twitter-copy-topify 
@kellieann1 haha hi mum! wow yes, very modern of you. now you just need to get a facebook account! p.s. talk to me by writing @mattcaplin 
@goebicyu try direct message to me here on twitter  
@richard1988 because you saved the frog. I thought I replied to that so it would make sense. so how does twitter work?  gehts abi gut?
is dizzee rascal on twitter? sum1 help me find him  he is bonkers !
esia.. palringo.. twitter.. gtalk.. hmmmm.. distance is nothing. 
on twitter..... finding out what its all about... 
I didn't understand how twitter works so ... hope to discover it soon!! 
trying to get everyone i know on twitter!  its really addictive
Now knows that hardly anyone uses twitter ah well, they will soon enough  -- Does this make me an original --
@phaoloo i have a stupid question: how do you retweet someone's twitter? 
@crashintomedave the shows were amazing!   and everyone hit it off.  loved meeting twitter peeps.
trying to get to grips with twitter after watching it on the gadget show 
Finally I'm on pc... and back on twitter  hello everybody!
found a great adult twitter site its new so get your name before everyone hears about it got mine  http://adult-twitter.co.uk
@dubfire_scitec i've finally done the twitter thing 
I just made a twitter with my daughter 
don't worry. it's difficult to formulate my thoughts in twitter, that's why everything sounds so messy/scary/weird 
@glebber I watch it here:  http://twurl.nl/5zt007 got it from someone else from twitter 
Trying to figure out this whole twitter thing.  
@SheLLiieee u shld come on twitter i think so come on .. 
haven't been on twitter in a while... oh well 
Just explained to my mother what twitter was i think she may still be confused! I hope she makes one!  Haha
@twittfln yay, my 1st twitter response! lol and no... plenty more to enjoy 
Please excuse me all twitter-ers tonight if I start losing my ability to make sense as I type.  Not feeling good.  
left his twitter account open on @sambushed computer... good thing i'm nice 
twitter and pet society ) multipy too 
woah took me ages to do my new twitter background but now its finally finished 
@vector_kyle good to know  I am way too amused by twitter for my own health... and by proxy, the twitter clients as well.
twitter is acting so stupid ! so if i dont respond sorry . phone withh that (040806]  -g'nightt.
eh, looks like the twitter guys are busy fixing the replies with ducttape  give them a break!
@evankincade tell pastor Jules to get on the twitter train 
@LusySunsetGirl It happens too on my twitter stream. I guess everyone's busy w/ their work. 
welcomes her new tweet friends @ainbubuk &amp; @tinekhan ! welcome to the world of twitter girls!  glad to see you girls here. xoxo
you can block me all u want emails r easy to make. in reality u can't hide, but you'll find out soon enough  oh and found u on digsby lulz
getting twitter to work with facebook.. and just added a guy who tweets from space!! 
@hateandloved it's a no biggie!  don't worry. anyway follow david A's twitter account. it's fun
changed my twitter background finally 
@SteveHealy discussing poof-juice on twitter! I guess twitter is the pre-serve of the metro-sexual as much as it is the geek - 
This just in...there are alot of people on twitter who watch #LOST 
moring twitter people! 
thinks twitter is pretty pointless, but loves updating his status via text message, and loves the fact that twitter is liked to facebook 
morning tweets . . im twitter from my mommmy black burry  lml
@catdog03: yes, but at least your mom is on twitter! 
interesting thank god for twitter i can track some old friends 
@GallifreyReject fucken hell!!! i *love* your twitter background!!! mmm, phoenix 
Setting up my twitter page, wondering if anyone will ever see it. 
awww... @johfinocc &amp; @sydubois are so adorable...even if they're a little twitter challenged    I love my friends
@chloelopeztan i miss chloe! and guess who just got a twitter. 
@KulpreetSingh plus it gives better lifestreams from other apps... don't because all your twitter friends are not there on friendfeed 
@blumpy one way convo per twitter rules 
@foreverkid woo, good chat. 
Trying to get a twitter pic up people! 
I really love how #familyforce5 interacts with fans even if it's on twitter 
i like this whole text twitter from your phone thing   best dayy with the long lost loves
getting familiar with this twitter thing 
i want to dedicate my 19,000 tweet to all of the wonderful people I have met via twitter - you are all truly amazing and hugs to you all 
@labeborris Hey new twitter friends...what's up....where are you at?  
@Angiethedreamer  wuddup angilicious ... hey thats my new name for u lol ... glad ur on twitter .. 
@j_sosa30 you have gone facebook + twitter + crazy = fitterbook crazy 
getting to know some things i've never used before on the net, such as blogs and twitter... cool... 
i kind of feel like a creeper..cause i have tumblr &amp; twitter. oh my. ohaikayli.tumblr.com 
@ssowy A friend brought it in just for show and it's great for traveling and a separate monitor for twitter, IMs and skype. 
@TiffyRantss lol yeah. when you become a twitter pro. THEN i'l make a tumblr 
Still working on trying to get this twitter thing down, still am not completely understanding it all, but I'm not goin anywhere 
me voy twitter people! 
reading blogs, i found my best friend on twitter 
bothered by all the douche bags on twitter. wtf, guys, stop posing. 
@saima1986 twitter isnt boring saima.. it is fun in its own way 
@kaelahilton you were my first follower. thanx  i think im writing this message to  you but i still dont really know how twitter works
@cadmium66 If only we knew someone else at the christening on twitter we could have some fun trying to get @tpr2 in trouble 
@TwitBotNews @avi_kaye would like to apply Assimov's laws of robotics on twitter bots, before talking about feelings http://bit.ly/JEBUk 
@shannonminion Yes! I know such a perfect plan! ...you could wear a tutu too and twitter party 
wahhh! im hyper help.. addicted in twitter.. hope all of you replies in my messages.. thank you 
@mattpro13 yes, I am intrigued too!  this twitter can cause so many people pain lol
@cjriddick I've never known 'hacking' to be sitting down at an unlocked machine with twitter open and typing something random in... 
Being a twitter whore again and following loads of people just so they follow me back 
Morning twitter  http://bit.ly/nKVtT
@HilzFuld that is beyond stupid and goes against the point of twitter - butting in on other peoples conversations 
grease lightning!  goodnight my twitter chums
bye again tweets, this twitter is addicting i am getting nothing else done 
facebook is the place to be. dont know if to delete twitter. what should i do?  x
@Monkeylover35 there ya go ... changed twitter background with real life pic, but still keeping avatar 
Still convincing a cousin to use twitter! Instead of plurk. 
@DavidBTwit  You're quite welcome   No apology needed, I believe people actually have a life outside of twitter.
http://www.twumpet.com/ the home of twitter happenings 
absolutely nothing hence twitter 
@itkpht please stop spamming tweets so much     &quot;what's going on in my life&quot; aspect of twitter 
follow : twitter.com/real_celebs  if ur real then u shud have problem following tthat and following those instructions 
@jtrujillo_ I KNOW. fuck all the rest, twitter is the BEST  i am literally in love..
Joining twitter &amp; trying to figure this thing out 
Actually I should say that's a pic w me &amp; @carlahall.  everyone's on twitter!
i just got a twitter background 
Trying out the whole twitter from my phone thing   kinda like it
@takeitgreen oooh, that looks really good indeed!  i'm sorry for spamming twitter. i'll stop now, promise!
@sepiaverse A lot of us who's like to watch these on a big screen, I mean..  Not just on twitter, but we're swarming all over the place.  
@beznee try uber twitter, its pretty good. you just have to search for it on google on your browser 
@jenjones1976: you can change your twitter settings so u don't get tweets in the middle of the night....sorry 
lol while i put a new fan together  i forgot to add the rest of my tweet
@MissAshleyS i enjoy your twitter background photo. 
@robgokeemusic I believe it did...I better watch myself, she might catch the twitter bug if she realizes I'm talking about her. 
lmfao just found out my guidance counselor has a twitter 
I love eating breakfast at 2:30 pm  http://twitter.com/Montserratt/statuses/1827817715
come follow me @HappyMomAmy - new twitter name to go with my new website!  to be launched later today 
my twitter friend is in a cage.  let him out?  i want to die. 
I am sitting at home creating a twitter account...guess I jumped on that wagon with everyone else 
@TwittaMeNigh sum random person i aint kno lolol, i was jus browsin twitter 
twitter is not working correctly for me so i had to unfollow and then follow people again, r u following me on that??? 
hello had twitter for ages but doesnt know what to do on it? 
Just got twitter with the help of his good friend jillian 
it's not that easy to design a cool and sexy background image on my twitter homepage   want to display my hot new sex cushion.
@SupaGamaX that was a fun twitter party 
i don't know any 1 on twitter except for my g.f.  maybe i can get my mom to do this 
get off twitter @akajaymizzle ! i love you jaymay 
Oh gee. in webpronews a twitter alert for you to not send your email address in tweets. well hey us common sense ppl 
@jbutterflyz wow... I've just saw and feel it as well  http://twitter-buzz.blogspot.com/
yay @mkng29 for being my 100th twitter friend 
@alisonbartlet hey awesome tegan and sara fan! follow the official twitter page @theteganandsara  the one you're following is fan made
@Fantattitude i have a sad life too. no worries  lool. is that you in your twitter picture thingy?
I love my twitter   I think I've ran out of things to say. I dont like writing one sentence responses. Its boring and pointless 
@elwoood oh, I just realized you were talking about the background for their twitter... it looks really great 
hmm...I don't think I know how twitter works. But I hope to be twittering now 
@mharpe11 yay harper. must get everyone at plenty onto twitter 
I found @relientk on twitter!! So happy 
thinks that twitter is a kind of diary.. who's agree?? 
I haven't been on twitter in so long... I just saw an ad for the princess protection program. It looks awesome 
emails. updates. work. the usual...  plus twitter 
doritos for breakfast  i should have been up ages ago but i was far too tired. http://twitter.com/samkillip/statuses/1834397650
can someone help me fix my twitter profile? 
@dondiablo twitter king... filling my inbox  keep up the good work..
@howardlindzon isn't that a matter of opinion?   Congrats on the funding for Stocktwits--its such a cool site/concept. I tell friends.
my new id when get kicked off twitter lol (apparently i'm a spammer *gasp) will be -- myleftpinky - if it's not already taken 
twitter is the only website which isnt blocked in my school 
first twitter ever..this feels momentus 
looking for pals on twitter - say hello and follow me 
trying to find some friends here in twitter.. 
I've just arrived back in the land of twitter after a sojourn in a parallel universe - I hope all is well with everyone 
@sabrinasantari hahaha, i meant her ! and roobaki and fanny and leny and  yovi. i totally made leny and fanny get twitter! 
im teaching a friend how to use twitter!!!! 
@katokat I don't follow all my followers too.  it's to keep my twitter hassle and beep-free. ))
@MervyMama so u are doing sports with your twitter i am at work with my twitter its not good 
Morning twitter loves 
decided to turn twitter updates ON for facebook, 1000 apologies for future spammage that may cause  peace out! lol
#web @hostv - nice to see you finally on twitter. @andrewdoepping @kiwicomm - should follow us back considering we are customers of yours 
my friends have banished me from facebook because of 2 many status updates.. Apparently this is the place I shroud be?? 
@limbic @georgebarnett LOL, @glitchkitty said the very same thing  http://twitter.com/glitchkitty/status/1835262182
Whats the point of the twitter ? 
i blocked someone in twitter. trying to ruin britney spear's image. 
There should be a #fakeceleb watch where you can report fake celebs on twitter 
@RetailMinded I'm using ping.fm for the most part so my facebook twitter and gmail status all update at the same time.  I'm a facebooker 
now my twitter works again.  yay
@spoxchange nah, my own venture won't be a very exciting news to disclose on twitter i guess  something different &amp; much better
I recommend @keeda @shivaranjan @realin @mekkanikal @adii @suddentwilight @abhi2point0 for having awesome conversations on twitter 
does anyone knows kris allen's twitter? 
just joined twitter searching for my fiber friends 
@drubeered you made twitter so you can escape from facebook land ) nice try dru. hope it works. 
@ingridmoo why thankyou  whats the go with twitter? do you just talk?
@BrookeBreakdown man, if only I had a webcam. it's okay though twitter = amazing... 
@LikCease Nothing much...aleays on twitter late lol What about you love..what you doing up late? lol as if i should ask lol 
@LilCease Nothing much...i am always on twitter late lol What about you love..what you doing up late? lol as if i should ask lol 
But it hogs up bandwidth so im back to m.twitter 
@speedyconkiwi @muserine I added you 2 on twitter  we have to work out the secret meeting details ;)
omigosh twitter JUST disabled the less than 140 characters thing!! bravo 
@taylorswift13 hi taylor! i'm new on twitter and i just wanted to tell you that i'm a big fan of yours!  i love your songs!
i really want to try poaching my egg for breakfast it looks cool  http://twitter.com/Anchhh/statuses/1880575391
totally having a chat with ceilin right now, but not on messenger... 
welcome @sassydolphin to my twitter mad world 
In loving others, I find it easier to love who I am!  ps I love my twitter community!
Please follow my twitter dad @trevward he really needs 2 go spec savers &amp; he's not a full loaf but I fucking love him 
just click on the link in my profile here on twitter , just before the bio thing. 
@keanoidd cheerp up doll  your twitter friends will always be here praying for your wellness. 
@gabysslave I've missed everyone too! At least I can keep in touch with twitter. Yay! 
#followfriday introducing you to @peppysophia. She has awarded me a chrono watch for a twitter contest!!   
anyone have a twitter peep thats works in fashion? hook me up please 
it's a good thing my clients don't follow me on twitter and see how productive i'm being 
@ EVERYONE i have just realised how twitter works, that if i click @mytoybox it shows what you have said about/or to me  xxx
Considering changing my twitter account name to something people can actually pronounce  Suggestions?
Discovering new twitter backgrounds 
dear twitter, i hate everyone. 
@blacktar @hukl cool, now two nerds i know personally and didn't know each other previously have connected via twitter  (via @tomlazar)
getting started on twitter  going for a trail run with friends
Does anyone think we should have an open mic segment? Pls post your comments on the facebook group wall 
25 best twitter backgrounds of 2009? We've made the list! @imagedesigns http://bit.ly/pYHE3 
ok, next client due soon, I think this one is going to be very interesting, looking forward to the challenge, tweet later, have fun all 
What's this twitter thing? This is my first one 
@keipop at least it's helpful-creepy... And actually, an example of good use of twitter 
i wanna convince my brother to join twitter but he didn't want to, so can anybody help me to change his mind 
@Sarahix you're welcome  A lot of useful info could also be found on * http://help.twitter.com/portal
#followfriday - couldn't fit everyone on  @lulurocks3 @Brannigans  @bobbolicious @wozlewis @djkey - all my great friends here on twitter!
@DeanCoulson good call! she's stressin' &amp; i hate that...been there...lots of good info on twitter!  i'll suggest it! 
@shaundiviney I jhave no idea how you did this but http://tweetstats.com/twitter_stats you have tweeted the 3rd most out of everyone! 
new commer in twitter....... hope fun 
@skimhannahkeys @AliciaSkimbit i like your approach to get the twitter power 10 to promote good.ly hammer em! 
@mRzYoUngNseXy its ok twitter buddy 
@cross it's so easy to use and set up...and everything is right there...email, twitter, facebook and a bunch of others 
goodmorning twitter.  off to work &amp;&amp; tonite no plans maybe ill keep it that way.
profile off lock tweople ! get it while u can.... bc who knows when those twitter stalkers will come bk around 
have a look at our new twitter design  &amp;' check this out *.* myspace.com/strify_town
twitter is becoming more popular with my friends. 2 so far 
Sending a big #ff shout out to @daniamiwa - she rocks twitter for social change and for fun and cracks us up along the way 
@carynmeshell yep! well she taught me how twitter works and i learned the phone part. 
have no idea what twitter is? 
i'm tempted to post all of @katevoegele 's witty lyrics on twitter, but that would block up everyone's twitter feed. 
in math with benji, he's an anti-twitter 
I forgot this twitter stuff existed 
@JustinMGaston aw justy! i'm sorry if people are mean to you on twitter. /: i wuvv you &amp; miley  xo
twitter rules! myspace and other social networking stuff r so old fashioned. 
@maggiefarmer you're boring to follow on twitter. post more stuff. ps...glad you're back from buff buff. 
if you go to my web page and heard about me from twitter in notes text tweet and i will give u a gift with ur order  www.lipsforever.com
somebody on twitter just told me i need implants LOL if i wanted them id buy them honey  id rather have my own condo. thx!
explaining twitter to a new friend 
@Qab hmm  I would tell but then I wouldnt feel able to speak freely if the urge arises. I am horrible at twitter lol too neglectful so far
well goodnight twitter friends 
hi this is my first twitter, just had a try 
i'm with my best friend twitter.com/liveinadreeam 
Attempting to code a customized feed reader for twitter ... It's work related 
@rainnwilson will save the world (or something) with his new website www.soulpancake.com . go check it out...you know you want to 
I'm showing my brother how twitter text works. I am good 
Watching the live chat  Yay.
@WinningEdge no prob! We're all adults and have busy lives. You're always a pleasant surprise on twitter. 
and this twitter thing is really easy. 
@nessapaige change your twitter password and they can't access it 
@carolynzr There was an article somewhere that described the stages of twitter acceptance.  It was pretty cool.  
going to bed. rest well my twitter friends 
@oregonalmond yay!  I can haz irl friends on twitter?
@julydreamer14 hey baby.  looks like everyone's joining the twitter craze...
my first tweet yay! haha i feel so.. 22nd century. i like it. it is the 22nd correct? whatevv  going to bed.. goodnight twitter world!
 ok twitter world we r bacK online!!!!
look at me i'm using twitter to bitch about being bored! 
@MikeMathia your avatar is definitely eye-catching. and i like that your twitter bg has a photo, so ppl know you're a real guy. 
Getting the hang of twitter... 
@bellware that's why they introduced replies  I like discussion on twitter, nobody cares that I just watered my lawn and fed the dog
I wish my life was a little bit more interesting so i could right better blogs on twitter hahaha, i wish it was like a roller coaster 
getting off of twitter, i am starting to spell words wrong on websites goodnight. 
is getting a hang on tweeting! 
is joining twitter some my mom has some more people to follow 
#goodnight #twitter world. i #love you all. 
@isil_loves_mcr  btw please tell to your friend to keep tweeting #banditleeway!
see you later twitter 
@RBizzzle the funniest thing I read ever on twitter. 
well im going to bed goodnight twitter people peace 
@CHIOMA_ you use @ infront of someones name to direct a message at them... and the other twitter games you will pick up as you go along 
@divya084 just ask him to subscribe to your twitter stream. 
http://twitter.com/vodafonenz/status/1955349430cant wait for the new iPhone  - http://bit.ly/ZeEBf
