Most common words for this cluster:
[('twitter', 503), ('day', 227), ('tweet', 195), ('night', 174), ('morning', 147), ('http', 101), ('tomorrow', 93), ('today', 92), ('tweets', 87), ('u', 86), ('lol', 84), ('com', 74)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.7600910067558289), (u'@_donlemoncnn_@', 0.7569278478622437), (u'@_kiranchetrycnn_@', 0.753135621547699), (u'jennajameson_@', 0.7512099146842957), (u'KhloeKardashian_@', 0.7454783320426941), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.7408833503723145), (u'leannrimes_@', 0.7365138530731201), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.7319266200065613), (u'@_KhloeKardashian', 0.7282357811927795), (u'@_WonderwallMSN', 0.7256815433502197)]





@mouthsex i asked everyone how they were doing yesterday and not a single tweet back 
@dadi_iyal and you'll get familiar with twitter pretty soon!!! i'm not coming back this summer, so that means i dont even see you then?! 
dear twitter... i have 4 bug bites on my leg. :\ they r itchyyyy....  haha just got outta the shower. uhh night.
going on holidays with my friend tomorrow exited but no twitter 
Ahh sorry ya';ll for not being able to twitter from the show my phone so did not work in there at all  But brit was amazeing....ahhh
isnt very happy with twitter at the moment.. wont let me upload my picture  wishing dougie or tom would reply to me..
The leeds festival twitter man has lied. There is no update. 
goood morning sheffield, who the fuck text me this morning? a kfc and 3 mc'ds in 2 days is not healthy 
hmmm the twitter I sent from my phone last night didn't get posted 
hello tweeters..havent been on much lately...too busy  hope your all well!
@cindyscottday idk but gettting frustrating   I lost about 25 min of rapid tweeting friday too - none got sent out of tweetdeck
@hitthefloor sorry, twitter was having issues last night. You picture dissapeared 
wishing i could be at coachella this weekend  and trying to figure out facebook, its a bit confusing.
@que_day26 Why show so much attention to the haters but don't respond to fans that love you? U never respond to me  Just block that bitch
happy friday twitter bugs!! have a safe and fun night! im stuck in the house studying 
sleepy  babysittin tha nephew..tlkn 2 tha babez..had a lonq day..i need to rest..nite nite..twitter people
@katyperry going to grad night on the 24 hope we see u we are from ecuador and  love you.. wanted to go to ft lauderdale the 29 sold out 
studying econs at 1 in the morning. boo  this song's awesome! http://tinyurl.com/crjhb3 monay monay by poetic ammo
@xx_lil_jozy this is my 2nd day  do a google on it, I think we  might have a video on our site that explains it
@sfltv yeah. screen is being over-nighted so it'll be here monday (no sunday delivery  ) with the ticket, replacement phone, and new monit
morin' todays gunna be exiting with brother going back to uni so everyone out expept me  ......i see a day of twitter ahead..kx
Last two gossip girls today  boo work til 5 enterian me twitters x
Is feeling very unloved on facebook...only 2 people have wished me a happy bday  *sad* xx
pls upload them on twitter &amp; send cos my yahoo account dusnt let me download attached mail half the time 
wat up tweeters! I can finally yawn!; yesterday I couldn't yawn cuz it would strech my nose that just got pierced and it hurt to yawn 
good morning!! in about two hours im going to study  and ill will mis greys anatomy a lot im a hug fan!!! xoxo
had a lazy day in the sunshine, feeling happy, but wondering why miley didnt accept on myspace 
I've become a twitter MONSTER! I'm hardcore addicted.. I'm going to sleep now haha school tomorrow  ke hueva!
@zubinlalani yeah made the correction..but internet giving prob...so its taking time for the tweet to go from twitterfox to twitter... 
2 1/2 pages done 2 1/2 more pages to go....  i think imma just finish it tomorrow morning.. screw this
i'm on my april 14th comments....maaaaaaaan, i feel bad!!! i'm like 6 days late w/my reply!!!  sorry folks!!!
just watched what happens in vegas. i have no friends on twitter to tell this too tho  wah wah
@mclaughj I wonder what's wrong with me then because I also hit &quot;cmd + return&quot; to send a tweet and then the window focus is lost. 
i now believe that adam lambert is gay. so sad!  just saw the pics of his 'gay days'. it's all over the internet!
why did I drink on a sunday  I even cried because of some a hole at the bar making a comment about homosexuality. i hate drunk crying
has a lovely night last night with the boy's wish vicky had come aswell  gonna go for my tea mmmmm pasta :-D xx
Goodmornin twitter peeps... im on my way to class n i feel like i just woke up... well i did just wake up lol and its raining  i hope ...
k, we just used twitter as a chat room :| it's 11, and i'm still not done with my midnight sun 
@jstiksma just seen your tweet re house, sorry to hear it! very frustrating... 
Just made twitter profile..not sure bout username..hey ho! This could b fun..loving hellskitchen, missed end of last nights show 
twitter is alright i guess.. finally finished the most boring paper EVER, and missed out on a joyous holiday  but im still not tired.
@kat_tree_nah http://tinyurl.com/dxkgeu watch it! some of the comments are being so mean to him 
sittin in IT at school  listenin to all the craic off holly and making her make a twitter acount !
someone hacked my twitter  grr  had a really good night, just one thing, one little thing bugged me but whatever gonna go to bed night&lt;3
@TheOnlyRhyno hi! just got home.. my day's been crazy but great! I was in rehearsal all night sorry I've been a bad twitter 
looks like im alone on twitter tonight 
dont have that much to do today  I just joined twitter, what a boring day...
@ingridmusic hmmm... a holder for sure... too bad I can't sleep tonight  or ... this morning?
me hazel and amanda r away to shop/ go to the cinema then stayin at hazels tonight so no twitter till tomorrow 
i had a dream that i got twitter on my phone. no such luck  good morning to anyone i wake up!
omg. i should really get twitter on my phonee ..  lmao. day went well.. no study done. eh ! but got new TV and rearrange my room.
@Rowdyeh it is bad news  and now you have tweeted #ChrisFlu you have got it so sorry  means you gotta twitter all day 
My friend vomitted on the bus O.o i nid to submit my work to my editor by tonite, die!  - http://tweet.sg
ty to those who sent out the tweets abt my lockup..man there were some BUTCHESSS up in thurr they wanted my booty 
@shaunjumpnow i loose a follower a day  mabey coz my updates suck haha
im on an italian chat site with maddy speaking.. spanish. i have no idea what they're saying 
kinda bummed coz mum says she wont let me skip schoolwork on friday to watch the jb live facebook webcast  ill have to youtube it i guess
smell ya later twitter, muchosss lovosssss @tommcfly have a good lunch...i'm jealous  xxxxxxxxxxx
morning peeps! or shld i say afternoon lol ive been up since 12, but still. Last nite was gr8!i wana go 2 s'end again but gem is not free 
bleh twitterspy dumped all past direct msgs on me last night 
wow. loadsa tweets today.              theres so much to remember. my poor brain 
okay ...... goodnight twitter world  school tomorrow  lol. tae xox
@AsteriGR about 2 weeks ago..  or maybe 3.. god, I really don't know what the hell is the date today! haha thank god for twitter
laaaaaaa. I'm bored. I'm hungry toooooo.  hmm what should I eat this morning?
Night twitter world! I got to sleep with a smile on my face! But I'm gonna be terribly tired tmrw  xxx
good morning...twitter...house is a mess gotta clean 
@CanarsieBK excellent! thx! i look forward 2 it.  warning: my schedule is nuts. but i'll come if i can. bonobos isn't open on sun. 
@alcamp661 brenda is in athens next weekend  why won't anything work out?? but maybe brenda and i could come up to c-bus on sat for lunch?
good nite twitter people got skool tomorrow  lol
whats up everyone in twitter nation ..just got done cooking dinner ..not ready to go to work tomorrow at all 
burnt my tongue on hot coffee  ouch! so sleepyyy this night had def. been interesting.. lol. good night twitter! sweet dreams tweets! xo
mornin twitter peeps! dark rainy day here today 
@shaundiviney and why is ur tickets going on sale a bad thing? u ended that tweet in a  wb x
@dougleavers ok geez doug.. i just got your twitter. nope didnt work tonight unfortunately 
going to sleep. thinking about her. i can hear my neighbors baby crying like an idiot. and sarah made fun of me for having twitter today. 
Freezing to death here by the sea waiting for my leg, prob another hour  http://twitpic.com/4jdnc
@courosa can't even see the video of your keynote on campus. sth. blocked? 1st time for a stream. 
morning tweeps missed you all on friday ..weather sickness  Thanks to everyone for the follow love I will be sending love right back atcha
@nrg07 i knooww.. i once watched marley and me and oprah at the same day, and i sick of crying 
@jonaskevin omg kevin I hate myself !!!!! I missed it because I had to go mothers day shopping !!!!!  sorry !!!!
chatting online w old frnd. just heard the saddest news about some1 that was/is a very special frnd  I hope he comes back 2 us.
? afternoon everyone! why nowaday less and less responses for my plurks? really sad you know...  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/su7ga
3 hours at soccer and some idiot forgot the coffee  #fb
got my dc4c/ts tickets in the mail today. thank god i came home this weekend. but ugghh sickness go awayyy...i can't even enjoy pinkberry 
Running mad late for this next event  smh
okay good night twitter. i`m soooo sooo soo very tired. i can`t even stand up  byyeee
@llort_live talk about *facepalm* nerrrrd.. omg i had a dream that you only had weeks to live!! it was so sad 
congrats jane!!! mentally preparing myself for a supremely awkward mother's day brunch. and i think i may need a root canal. eff. 
@takedat this twitter thing is interfering with my sleep  but ppl are interesting on here at 2 in the morning....hmm
@mhall214 this twitter thing is interfering with my sleep  but ppl are interesting on here at 2 in the morning....hmm
@gablow oh, ok.   well i added you to the peeple part of my shibas on twitter list. http://tinyurl.com/twitinus
ok twitter fam.. my mom has plans for tmrw that dont include me  but i still have errands to run in the early morn, so nighty nite all 
Not ready to work a volume tmrw   
hmmm is saying hello and good night ..peeps....busy busy day and another tomorrow ...am kind of ashamed I havent gotten mommy a gift yet 
@OfficialShew lmao . I just saw your message hahaha... Gooodnesssss doing so early n the weeek gets messed up  hmm I'm off montues mabe we
WAIT! i have no friends on twitter  ................ i gotta go make some phone calls mwah haha
Tweeters pls welcome @EmilylScott shes lovely/ fabulous/ my dear friend &amp; she only joined 2day &amp; in 1hour shell av more followers than me 
@pandaaMONIA awww  im borreddd stay on twitter yeah? if you can scan the photos that would be good, if you cnt bring em 2moz and ill scan
morning tweets, work just rang so guess iv gotta do the parties  ...  if they think im doing a close now then can forget it!
http://twitpic.com/4wumk  http://twitpic.com/4wumy 10 restarts this morning to get it working. think i may need a new graphics card. 
Here's some morning badassery http://tinyurl.com/cs5e3h - might not be able to see it because its a facebook video 
bored cuz no one is awake lol even nobodys on myspace  txt it
WTF is up with twitter!? I just keep getting more followers!! Such a lovely day where I am, but I an stuck indoors revising and shizzle! 
@Porfix alone buddy  But I had a terrific nite. I posted updates earlier. This guy was hot. I was heaven and enjoying every inch of him!
omg~love-aben forum will make b-day party to a ben? huhu i want to join but i can't..porr me 
goodbye.  i loved u and u was someone special. but sth changed. maybe it'll be alright one day but it was ur decision &amp; idk ._. &lt;/3
still sicks , check email... omg.. i hope im okay tommorow 
tryin 2 figure out twitter!!! sad she can talk 2 her guys in indiana 
@Melomargerita @jasonmcneely i love that you both updated that at the same time hahaha twitter nerds. i dont get this still 
@KellyDivine &quot;RAWR no one asks me what I did today!&quot; bummer, my twitter-friend. 
Ugh majorly hungover this morning from grad celebration and now a cold ??  #fb
lol i know thats exactly what would happen. twitter rains on the parade 
omg twitter blows. an hour late for updating???? jeez..move  it  or lose it 
@sarahmarina had a good day w/no kids...lol...shit my twitter texts are all fkd up right now i didn't get ur message til i got online 
@DonnieWahlberg morning sexy, i'll feel ill  would you like to come and give me some tlc?? xxxx
@Calichica i got sum wrk n shit to do so prolly 2 for me tonight. smh we need a twitter annonymous group  lol
@tommcfly yes tom you mean mean party pooper! haha, sorry i have only just caught up on all your tweets. stupid time change!  xx
@BrokenRoses in reply to your reblog sarah, the mighty boosh is shown every week on mondays on adult swim  but i think it's heaps late
has had nothing but problems this morning with her internet  http://plurk.com/p/tr6b2
Twitters it brings a chill down my spine just to think I have to sign out, good night all  But I'll be back at 7am tomorrow xoxo.
night twitter world!!  brb whenever 
Is not going to be on twitter for the weekend  noooooooo!
wtf is with google/gmail this morning? theyre not working for me. 
don't think i can play tennis tomorrow   i'm not getting ur tweets on my crackberry???
@callmerizza good evening lil sis! &lt;3 i'm well, thanks. just catching up on some assignments but i'm now bored  so its twitter!!
it's my first tweet, i've been on the net all day and have not completed a page of homework.  tryin to avoid chuggin a mickey's get @ me
I've spent the night with everyone on twitter minus nate 
No news yes about my friend  ( re my blog ).. its been a very long night  xx
@shaundiviney thanxs so much 4 yesterday it was really fun!! i couldnt get a foto cause i would hav missed my train  xoxo
well im off to try and breathe, hopefully i'll be ok.... if i dont tweet tmoz... assume me dead  night all xxxxxx
@LiquidToffee sorry hun, I just saw your tweet from last night. 
@rachelsuzannee  oh noooo. everyone seems to be ill. i hope you feel better for tomorrow! i have spanish on tues. i think its 2.5 hours :|
-@fearnly haha!! im only enjoying revision cos im on twitter/fb/watching moto gp lol...must concentrate now  exam in morning
@pepperlive...must have been a gnarly ny show....no tweets from you guys this morning  hahaha....have a blasty blast tongiht 
@personified worked thru wknd  not much fun but at least i was productive! @jacqui_brown drunk tweets entertainment fun as always! haha
Nothing to do on a sunday afternoon cuz i'm waiting for the ginger and our lunch date plans. Twittering cuz i'm bored as a mutha 
wanting the next 3 wks to fly by in some ways not in others Ads leaves tues for 3 wks  I've never been w/o my best friend for that long 
Oh my gosh!!! According to http://twitter.com/BreakingNews my baby felt it!  Now I will be up all night 
this 2 weeks aku memang betul-betul takde mood ah nak keje  #fb
@LeaahrrrB hahaha aww! i wish it was a check yes or no note 
@ddlovato why dont u write then to us ?  I writing u everyday till i got twitter from,and nothing :/ love u demiii.xx
can't sleep....playing on facebook and twitter....going to be a long day tomorrow  
going to bed, my trial is now done  lets hope i can buy the game or else there will be one sad tyler on twitter
@LstInTheSeeThru I know  I'm gonna force myself to go to sleep early today,I'll miss the 2nd wave of tweets but I'll have to deal with it
@glowsociety crap I missed the thing yesterday! I just woke up and saw ur tweet and remembered!! 
study leave day 1 i have already got distracted by dvd box sets, twitter, facebook and anything other than a level work i should be doing 
i wish i didnt  took wrong cold and flu tablets so instead of snoozing im buzzing  all wired up withnothing to do, twitter lots lol
@missflipflop sry, I just got a little emotional when I read his tweet. wld have liked 2 be on the cruise, just not feasible at the time 
i bid you farewell twitter.. is hurting my neck turning between tv and computer!!  night all
was that annyoing guy this morning at starbucks that checks his email at the sugar/creamer station, sorry..... 
@chris_slater seriously.. i was sitting here wondering why i havent got any alerts for like 2 hours! piece of shit 
holidays. (Y) no more philosophy with mr bennett.  presets tomorrow. yeahhh! hahahha, i just got the best myspace comment, ever.
Someone left me a message yesterday saying:'hi hannah its ---- miller here, give a call back when you get this' I don't know who that is 
what will u do if u're abt to get ur twitter time just to find that ur electricity went off one day, and internet connection the next 
What a long day of sch  - http://tweet.sg
gee, looks like I need more coffee, my follow friday does not have my tweeters in red 
wants a piggy back ride home...  - http://tweet.sg
I spent four hours theis morning @ the hospital,I hade a virus couldnt sleep since yesturday   http://twitpic.com/5oqdh
@egower Awww thank you for the #ff &lt;3!!!  I miss you guys (and gals!) .. no twitter at work am almost never home  Waaaah!
morning twitter fam......never cancel your mobile to mobile minutes  i learned the hard way...
Oh, duh. I changed my password - THAT's why ping.fm wasn't posting to twitter.  You guys missed a weeks' worth of updates.
@DJDarkuJ i wish i could but i need to start my day lol,, have fun sleeping ,text me later cuz im getting off twitter 
@crystalthediva damn that's fucked up babe ! I hope it does get better ur pretty self don't need to be stressing out  wats ur plans 2day?
@b1anquita yea laurie told me last night and I believe her, she was a huge fan.  I'm bummed
thats it i cant take it anymore i feel left out and excluded  keepin away from twitter this weekend makin me sad 
@pricelessrock hi! Unfortunately, we won't  We missed the registration deadline (FAIL) we will be out this summer! We'll list on our blog.
Morning tweets!! A lil under the weather today 
So yea had not 1 but 2 flat tires this morning...and lost my cell phone...plus to top it off I broke a nail...gotta love it... 
G'night twitter world- off to do some graduation/goodbye gift buying tomorrow 
since follow friday stopped, i haven't gotten a single new follower, i guess i'm pretty boring   ah well.  bed time. see ya'll in the am.
sorry twitter I haven't been able to get online tonight. so busy at work. and prolly won't be back on the rest of the nite. 
@djdnice What up bro? I'm working the overnight again 
@heykim last heard on news tonight, belonged to the earlier body - but no formal fbi id for 2-3 wks 
goodnight. hasta manana. still no freaking twitter app 
wishes that my boo @Jcmtt13 was here because who else am I gonna have late night phone calls with while your gone 
@thisisnotapril yeah... sorry about that  the twitter app. i used, the demo ver. expired just a few days ago, and i really should pay 4 it
a month without twitter  oh well - theres always my phone. byebye! *tear*
@fiercemama oh yeah you open tomorrow  we need to have another twitter-a-thon soon
@janinerockwell no mami  next go round I promise to burn retinas with obscene tweets lol
@FengShuiTips4u - i had so much work, etc. to do today  trying to get my twitter fix, haha. how was your day?
Couldn't watch the jonas live webcast on facebook  goodnight and sweet dreams
omg i keep losing followers this is so sad  i want 90 one day....thats my goal ;D
Anyone up this te of night? The tweets have slowed down  let me know ur out there and I'll follow u
uhh I wish someone would include me in their follow friday - would be great to get more followers 
sorry for my lack of tweets  ive been buzy. new vid this saturday!!
@malena_music aah i stopped getting your updates on my home page!!  saddd..im guna re-follow you ..it worked with tswift
@leodisBeanie it involves posting your thoughts and reading others mr.bean. You got a new number btw, had no txts back from you? 
@KimKardashian i was watchin tv yesterday and the media is on u. u were number five i think for worst beach bodies because of ur butt 
I hate it when my sweetie has a bad day  http://tinyurl.com/lr22dj
just got back home, shit.. again meeting tmrw,staying at sea view, i even dont my fresh undergarments  tiring, 13 hrs working days
So apparently my dad thinks its ok to stalk my twitter. this has been the worst week ever. i hate my life. 
@angelabc hi angela, can you check your email? I need one thing from you (sorry if it's your day off  )
@iamdiddy @iambodie ....I hugged my hater 2day. Then told her its #nobitchassnessfriday!!! I'm now in trouble for cursing my mgr. 
pop, idk how to reply to ur tweet from my phone  lol but yeah my bday is in a few days. soooo excited!
@ragazza_matta take my &quot;how well do you know me&quot; quiz!! i made one the other day... no one took it yet  i put pics from yday on fb xx
gotta go twitterers (?) my stupid sister wants to go on facebook  oging to montreal 2morrow so i wont be on for a while! bye!! XoXox &lt;33
@Clwydian nah ;) when a single person posts about 200 tweets a day is hard to cope with on my android phone when I'm unable to filter 
@gail_collins I'm not sure I understand how this twitter thing works... 
sorry dunners just saw your tweet! totally let you down im so sorry babe  was at work till 8.30 very boooooo
@ashleymshep yeah girl you betta be on twitter! i miss you. jealous of jen's limo ride 
@KyleWade05 so glad i did not say hi to last night... i dont want the flu... but sry if you really do have it 
My blackberry is about to die  bye bye twitter til I charge my phonee.
@Dannymcfly: tweet,tweet,why don't you answer me?  i know you're not like tom,addicted on twitter,but ,it would make my day much better!:*
gone for the weekend. wish i knew the twitter app for my blackberry..then i could keep in touch  ill miss you.
just home from wrk not allowed me ifone so cant tweet 
well crap my friend is getting married tomorrow, matt has to play softball, its my first night without matt....i'm kinda sad 
Its a brilliant sat noon and i'm stuck in camp  - http://tweet.sg
@Smokeroomsocial Aw I didn't see that tweet on my phone. I don't think I'm up for it though, gotta wake up at like 7 tomorrow 
i want to get bite by a shark. ava says no  twitter nation help make her see how awesome this would be
@kellycisco moi = brilliant? aw shucks thanks, blush.. sorry to miss you present yesterday  heard + comments! ttyl and have fab weekend
scrap that tweet, indian, dvds and everyone else. when is it going to be just me 
stupid fuckin blackberry broke!! so i'll be mobiletwitter-less. which means manyy less spontaneous tweets! leaving me very bitter  boo.
morning tweeple got to go to work today   then back home for sum bbq and finish my blog up
@Tinker_xxxx awwwww  sux that emergency appointment is hours away
*yawn* morning peoples just got up doing listening to radio disney ugh havent started studying yet even tho i got up at 8 to do stuff 
@reidsan i wish i could have come on msn for lolz!!  i will fill you in on last night's drama later on!
no one is tweeting  what is this?! im outtt. goodnight twitter
@StackedGroup haha yeah probably i was tweeting  haha twitter is dead tonight, no one is tweeting  i feel like i'm clogging it up haha
Home! I wanted t book the court for monday but ah bee didn't reply my text  - http://tweet.sg
I wish I could say I did lots of cool twitter coding today, but I'm just not feeling 100% yet. . .bummers.  
@kezzien http://twitpic.com/69a18 -  i want some too .... last night i was a lil drunk .. but with votka
I think someone hacked into my twitter and may of posted some things  I'm cleaning the room and becoming sick  not a good saturday
uploading pix to my friendster account... love to see my lovables summer pix, really miss that moment... 
@sugarghc thx for the tweet ^^ im rly rly sad  i checked what theres on mtv tomorrow night and it didnt show mtv moview awards :'(
@FrazJ I want to go out  have a goood night xxxxxx
this is A M A Z I N G... it's 2 in the afternoon and barely anyone is on twitter,  damn, the nuggets fans are sadder than i thought..  
@chrispyuk aww simon's comment made aiden cry  he said he didn't think the performance was as good as last nights 
god sake. i have to wash up now. i'll be back in a minute tweeple. 
@SatanzMantra ohhh  neway i will still want to enjoy ;) glad i saved 50% by deciding to go fr morning show 
noo...shit, i missed the last episode of tonght show with jay leno, its 2day !!  g2g cya tweets ..
is mad her friends don't write to her on twitter.   ps. the sun doesn't set here till after midnight, its crazy/
@belazir it's ok I dint read all my tweet updates LOL read it got excited then sad cos of cancellation  sounds of home back soon I hope
@danlarsen oh no! I missed your tweet abt origami I was in a meeting! I had something come up and won't be able to make it out today 
booya 100th update.............-ya i know im sad   lol
graduating in an hour, dude. on the school's internet ONE LAST TIME.  
There was no unsecure wi-fi on my back shift No late night/early morning crazy tweets 
i missed alot of tweets! my phone is broken, so i cant tweet from txt anymore  getting ready for @nicholeex3 's uncle's pre wedding party
@lila82 woah.  Just one more thing they do different out here I guess...   You should get one for your bday this year.
goodmorning twitter bugs, yummy breakfast now off to get ready for work, on sunday  waaaaaaaaaaaaa, peace x love x
@DJLEZLEE ur msg came over blank  hope ur having a better day! xoxo
Ugh, been in bed most the afternoon   still feelin like crap, hopin a hot shower will help
i couldnt finish watching the mets game cuz i had to go home  please tweet me (someone!) who won..Marlins or Mets?
goooood night twitter! resting up for the last day w moms in spain 
@EMFK yep that sucks   , i need to check whats going with my digg account too, for the last 4 days its auto deleting 20-30 friends a day !
@anna_sims awwww i missed their episonde the other night !  happy bday love!
@totalgunner yeh and flawless were amazing too. nope  ive had a super boring day, made better only by the greatness of twitter lol
@moshimoshi23_ stalk the fb  that thing last night on skype! its gna happen! ):
forreal tho my life was almost over cuz...twitter was over capacity.  LOL jp...or am i..
ugh snuggling with baylie and watching the game with my dad  goodnight twitter
So sad today gals luncheon cancelled..  - http://tweet.sg
I really hate how I can right pretty good lyrics yet I cant sing  oh &amp; twitter stop failing or I'll bitch slap you out of the milky way
wow..twitters overloaded! i couldnt even get on! so the auctions over. all i got was 2 bathrooms &amp; swings...8 hours for that!! booo! 
just got done talking to my bf on yahoo messenger he wasnt able to stay up all night  but he might be able to tomorrow
asks what is with twitter?  It is down more than up tonight.   http://plurk.com/p/xb1qt
had a ok day. but even a better nite. upset bcuz my boo is starvin 
ok not nighty night, i've been typin on my myspace status &amp; mood so many times!my twitter was dwn  thats why!
@mixpix405 heh I'm sorry bro  I'm definitely getting practice though. We've been playing online for like the past 7 hours lol
@Rashadmccants7 I was just wondering why i didn't see anything from u today!  I like ur tweets, they're fun!  too bad about ur iphone! 
the bow wow pics can come later... i dont know how many bow wow followers i got but sorry  not yet gotta let the day 26 soak in
I can't change my avatar, every time i do it stuffs my twitter settings  anyone else had this prob? /cry stuck with this smilie face!
for some reason twitter decided to ban me for a few hours today... very weird.  @NadineJ2 I hope your mom is ok 
waiting my man to wake up, ahh thats why I hate if he play poker on facebook..he always sleep morning 
GOODMORNING... Ugh, twitter fully kicked me off lastnight... what a cunt! i lost 10 followers in the middle of the night... 
wow what a big day. hahah. why? 12 followers. hehehe yesterday its 13. hmm 
@x3_anahdez http://twitpic.com/68iie - ? w?sh ? could've been there for the last day of school...  oh well, ?'ll see you guys next yea ...
I now have vagina on my mind...thanks twitter  bahaha I was sitting at the table at the winery next to my ex when that msg came thru...
Greattttt music &quot; I don't wannna loose your luv tonite .  I just found out a friend frm the 805 passed away 2weeks ago 
@yorkshirenick38 haha hello cheeky nicky im fine having a lovely weekend...What about you? whaere have you been no tweets for ages  xxx
@mr_ticky sorry didnt get to post drunk twitter updates! I dont have net on my phone  well i do..but not the credit to allow it!
@gaby_j hey girl! SO bored too! just got home check my twitter n no one got back to me tonight  haha lame!
wow 4:37 in the morning daddy just left for mephis, crying again.  hope u have a good night with having ur daddy there. lucky! love bRIT!!
morning! ha ha couldnt be bothered to tweet last night now reading the tweets i feel left out 
what's crackin today tweet fam? it's too hot to talk I know that! someone save me from working!!!! 
Thinks its weird that everyone seemed to loose internet conection last night. And is also annoyed that tweets wont update from my phone 
@musicmuch lol ohhh okay, jk;) also, did you get my facebook message? I'm  I didn't see you this weekend. lol
Going to write a blog tomorrow... gotta speak my mind and with my damn sprained ankle can't do much with the looks to make a vlog. 
@djohanna yeah. that's sad. she's won't be able to be here in twitter at morning. 
on the plane! turning off my phone  ... see ya in the sin city! later tweets!!!
No stars out tonight.  - http://tweet.sg
@JonathanRKnight Sounds like u were having a rough twitter time last night...  It's ok though...
ok for all my day 26 fans out there here's the pics from last nite sorry yall cudnt make it  http://twitpic.com/photos/Jennytg13
going home without holding dougie  tweet later
@vonbourbon im glad youre feeling clearer! btw, did you get my answer phone message yesterday? had no credit when you text cabaret sos 
@sucka4love I'm here reading your tweets from last night and I must say they are rather entertaining....wish I was there live 
is sad at the comments made to her last nite 
@Mikemo327 hahaha I look all bummed  !!! Only a few more days eho!! Then I show you the goods of newyork!
@imjstsayin Thanks honey .. yeah I woke up worse this morning 
@Schofe yeha there were probs with twitter last night 
@gerdaduring  tis part of twitter and nowt we can do about it 
sitt&amp; reading every away message on dee husband page  dis twitter ish is a dub!!!
@diehardtryhard was your reply abt my hair? haha! i just had it blow dried for the night. temporary lang 
let the hardcore revision commence..  http://twitpic.com/6c4pm
jim left.  *sigh*  oh, and i haven't been able to update twitter/twitpic since last week.  i tried resubmitting my number, but alas...
@sims3addicts so south africa is getting the game tommorow lucky, i'll be getting mine in like 7 days 
Morning tweets! Aww man, I hate sundays! 
@risrae ehh i couldn't learn those ill stick to my bio note cards, you were missed last night  tons of gossip i can't wait to tell you!
haiyo so confusing la this twitter thing.  noob moment.
dear @destroytoday , plz make the tweet box remember what you type if you inadvertently click away...my twoosh was just lost to the world 
omg friggen fb gave me a virus thing. fb closes every time i try opening it 
leaving now  we didnt see the hot guys again this morning but we saw blondie and his dad stared at me and chuck alot
:S have just got twitter and im rather overwhelmed  probably wasnt the best thing to do the day before an exam!
i don't wanna go to school tomorrow...it means no twitter for 6 hours  oh|! and my mom's computer is dead...damn it! 
@day26keke http://twitpic.com/6c2if - owww yes ii peeped that last nite  lol hes so sexy !
good morning twitter and good morning swine flew? I woke up with a sore as throat omg omg I was just sick like a month ago exaclty 
wow how pathetic of me to abandon my twitter so quickly haha. new york is getting more pleasant. got chased by a pitbull yesterday though 
so, goodnight everyone! this was a good day until I hit my toe. don't know how well I'll sleep since it hurts  tweet ya in 7h! be blessed!
ok. again changing my mind about twitter clients... think I'll use #destroytwitter for now.support for ping.fm is the only thing I miss 
goin off to bed work tomorrow x  x guna go cuddle up to lee x night night ppl x miss carla so much x she my lil angel x
finally back home, but shivering (tho burning up)... google says it might be sunstroke. sob. if this is my final tweet, remember me well. 
@KimKardashian me too! it was my favorite part of sundays! 
stephens gone im all alone  better go then night twitter
My boss just called and asked me to keep the shop open an extra hour...  What sucks is, my boss is my roommate and he's on twitter...
@twit_julie nope, not yet. ive been doing my science summative all day.  how long did it take you? i'll see if i can do it today.
last tweet of the night  goodbye america.
Is extemely saddened by the sudden death of her favorite aunt this morning.  http://tinyurl.com/q9h3wh
Every time I tweet an *important taco update* I seem to lose one or more followers. So many haterz 
@jordanknight hey u! I'm missin my latenight twitter buddy  no guessin games tonight! rest up and see u soon! luv, colleen
@daLoved1 whaaaat?  but u cant hate on jord too......... he was trying to be extra cute this morning w his inspirational words and all LOL
yayyy my ipod sold on ebay, ill miss it  lol but sigh the high bidder/winner has 0 fb and created their acct yesterday, better pay up lol
Now that I have a (single) follower I'd better say something interesting... curse my monday morning brain 
@mmbopidy i think its 16oz in a pound, about 450g my sweet shop days, i kno too late,haha. woo. u ok dear no twitter speak to me 
morning twitter!!!! ok i gotta go to work  someone please come take my spot!!!
hi x in geography spent yesterday doing coursework  oh well ermmm   messed around with hannas computer making her angry lol   bye xxxxxxxx
*sigh* its never going to happen  - http://tweet.sg
I am not looking forward to tomorrow we got school  boo-then on wedneday we got maths test! nooo tweet tweet
I am not sure what is up with myspace this morning but it won't load ok laptop  so will try to upload pix tonight
gr!  i thnk i sleep walked or was keeping up with twitter in my sleep but i didnt keep up with my traffic school crap. 
Cancelling my photoshoot tomorrow to run errands with my sister  - http://tweet.sg
@danamo yeah facebook has been acting up for a few days now 
o.O...whatt???whaaa..twitter is so updated with a lot of stuff,my prayers goes out to all of the families of those who are in the flight! 
#twitpics ALL my twit people im sick today i thing i have the flu  i'... http://tinyurl.com/mrhvpz
Awwh  life does seem to be pretty suckish, i likes the ginger, hmm tweet i guess
ugh, my twitter friends - what a morning i've had trying to setup my home office. one thing after another went wrong. yuck, yuck, yuck. 
i hit my head this morning@DjJonBlak  and now there's a lil knot  . smh
I need to start remember to re-tweet what the hell I'm replying to... 
#twitpics hurricane season now!!! daaaamn miami  im n da crib all day http://tinyurl.com/m4eotf
@connie93 chillin .. you know .. just checkin my email everyday and nooo treats 
twitter poppin today lol... sonia act like she cant speak  its all good thou, i feel the love
@shiverss lmao yea, tweet me and let me kno, I want everyone 2 go 
o dang i also had a backstage collision one night hahaha bam and she hit the floor  smh i knock the wind out of her she was ok though
@pitbull_fan76 ok now you have completely changed my feelings about our session - 4th 15 minute session btw and I was THRILLED with it 
my internet, especially my youtube, sucks amazingly at the moment 
i've got a bad headache, it just suddenly came  .. guess i can't revise. bye twitter, going to watch a bit of tv :'')
geeeeeez this day is goin by so slow!! n im mad cuz idk why my emails stoppd bdin sent to my phone 
awesome day in the sun and fighting off daddy long legs and facebook farms haha  sad katy perry is postponed till august though 
@calvinharris 9 hours without a calvin harris tweet and ypu can already hear the crickets chirping 
@CoutureQueen777 Just want 2 relax, tweet, talk with friends... AHhhhh. don't wanna go 2 skool 2morrow! 
that last tweet was a {random} thought while packin 4 this cruise im ready 2 go but the worst part is pack'n its so much iwanna  take  !!
is sorry bcuz i didnt go on twitter much   becuz i forgot my password and i figured it out to day soo ull se allot of updates
what...a day. definitely no barry's tonight   hi my name is negative nancy
still mad that i broke one of my phones!  sh*t! imma be M.I.A from twitter for a bit.
does anyone know if there is a live stream of conan tonight? i don't have cable and i didn't see anything on the nbc website 
hm now i just waiting my friend online at msn, i hope she can make me smile again this morning 
tweet. i wish i could go back to the good ol' days of digimon, pokemon, and powe rangers. 
@ebassman thanks for posting pics of my sexy jordan. i needed that. today was a long ass day 
@IamSpectacular ugh ur torturing me talkin about freak hour and the video  lol. time to turn the phone off...oh..i recommended you today
@madeofhoney1 ur being mean?  wut do u mean guess tonite is the night?
@mandyva did jon's tweet make u teary eyed too?? 
@allconsoffun well atleast ur still rationing. I'll do that 2morrow...still need 2 get web on phone 
without internet for the weekend due to havin too much fun in vegas but had nothing to twitter about anyway,but i lost followers  boo to u
@taylorswift13 http://twitpic.com/6g790 you look stunning! my mom wouldnt let me go to the today show   still not really speaking to her..
@bill_archie August?? Awh maaaaan... *buries head in the soil* Yea Twitter's being a twit. 
2:30am so damn tired, can't sleep worth damn, just spammed facebook full of stupid idiotic quizzes... 
What a great day! But ill winds coming tomorrow  http://yfrog.com/28lj6j
PS.... now that the mag is out, I CAN post the pics.  I'll upload tomorrow!  I have to wake up in 3 1/2 hours! 
I missed pearl jam on conan last night. Passed out after will ferrel  check on hulu later
ok, now i feel miserable  ...time to hunt, night twitterverse
I want to repack camp stuff but lazy but i want!  - http://tweet.sg
good morning twitter ; D my horoscope says i will be happy the whole day, yeah just wait till i get to work 
Morning tweeters...leave it to @getonmylevel and @jeja6 to make my effin morning!!! Ahh I miss you guyz 
idk wether i should tweet what im bliping...? idn't think i should... :/ it might make my twitter stream get to crouded 
well im off of twitter for tonight been a good time and eastenders bradley cant die  bye xx
i feel like a twitter god but i now have to wait for tomorrow for more  byeee :p
im off to beddy bies lovelies, i have work tomorrow  i love u all, keep me in the twitter loop via texts girls!! xxxxxxxx
Off to bed, god no power tomorrow=no twitter or nkotb.com 
@katiegb_78 awe no time 4 play  ;) and thats good i dropped my bff 2 the airport as u noticed readin my tweets
fck mr. chung. and fck stupid twitter for deleting people off my following list 
just went twitter crazy. math final tomorrow  can't wait to be homeee
It makes me so sad that I lost so many followers today!!!   gosh..maybe I'm taking this twitter thing too seriously. ;) LOL
this morning sum1 innocently comment that im getting fatter.then she added that she luv my shoes.im stuck thinking of her 1st comment 
@30STMWithJared no hunnie.. i already close myspace and i have to leav now  i promise you i'm gonna check it ou tomorrow! kisses.. night!
@30STMWithJared no hunnie.. i already close myspace and i have to leave now  i promise you i'm gonna check it ou tomorrow! kisses.. night!
@30STMWithJared no hunnie.. i already close myspace and i have to leave now  i promise you i'm gonna check it out tomorrow! kisses.. night
@SusanHirasuna also how come amy doesnt tweet during the week???    plzz tell her we all want her to tweet thanksss
@Tehabyss so jealous! Thats my fave! But i have to wake up in 5.5 hours.  Have fun!
@UKYO2769 i got it i keep fergetting to take it sorry  om runnin out of battery so ill tweet tommorrow nite bro ;)
omg my head has been pounding all night and wont stop 
@omfgitsella duh! :p  i like twitter. its like chatting but better since my stupid yahoo messenger broke down... roar 
goodnight twitter! its been a very looooonnnnggg day! wish i was with rob 
Not fair ... i have been able to be on twitter today ... and froggie didn't come on at all ...  not kool 
@LoonyBookworm aww thnx so much. i'm so frikken nervous already. plus i wont be able to twitter as much  we'll see. ;P how's your day?
offically an idiot and should not book flights online  late at night  oh well situation saved if at a cost
good nite tweets! i need to go to the doctors get my head checked 
wow  my twitter ant working to night  .omg wait that sound so bad my twitter ..heheh.
@StephWBates  I have neglected just about everything except twitter! I have lots to do and no energy/motivation!! booo   xx
checked twitter yesterday 20.00 - ye missed each other again 
@19fischi75 checked twitter yesterday 20.00 - ye missed each other again 
morning twitter i need more coffee and alot more sleep 
@staceythebest89 oh twitter is simple and kinda useless lol but everyone twits anyway xD lots of uni stuff to do 2day  no fun day at all
bye twitter  need to go... maybe ill come back night everyone! &gt;&lt;
 okay twitter friends.. I guess it was just my TV last night.    per @cocopostergurl @knauticus
@LipstickNYC hmmm i owed you a story yesterday correct?  if so, blame that on teaching and the massive bday party thrown.  extension boss?
@a_trish I saw this morning. on my way to ellwoods coffee. ugh. tsk tsk 
I've had such a boring crap day and I still want to go to the @katyperry gig tonight still wondering why she can't do it 
#twitter died on me yesterday... couldn't go on at allll!!! 
http://twitter.com/kravitzs120/statuses/2018620164 &quot;@zigbot saw a juvenile blood python in a pet shop last night.  he was in pretty ba ...
haha have u seen the twitter tee's? i want 1 they r like boys 1's tho  get girls 1's twitter!!
@AnnaMariaPdT hey, you havent replied my last tweet yet  . i got exams next monday please wish me luck ... you the best !! iLoveU xoxox
good morning twitter!!!! ya girl had to call in sick today!!!! 
@mileycyrus i used to have ray bans till they broke  gutted hows the evening treating you miley ^^
@cocoa1990 oh piss. this sucks. im sad twitter will be down tomorow night at 8  what will i do!
@selenagomez omg, im so sorry about your blog  the internet is so unsafe these days. those idiots. i hope you'll be okay !
@PriorWalter didn't wind up playing.  but okay day anyway. see next tweet
@christinaruiz you should've dm'd me! i don't have a fancy phone so i can't get tweets when i'm away from my comp 
twitter's goin down for an hour! 
@angiepangie221 You havnt been on twitter for ages. We spent all that time trying to think of a name for ur account and ur not using it. 
@baby__jane your boy @HunterParrish has a twitter. there's a hint to what i'm gonna miss on monday. 
@thePASTweOWN youre not a twat. i guess that means im the twat  i can get tweets to my phone now! and the park opens at 5. i want rainmore
i want my twitter fam to know that i FULLY INTENDED to return my library book yesterday but was prevented from doing so by my tummy 
@ohara916 thanks! i love my little pony. their so cute! dude, twitter is sooo complicated. im having a hell of a time 
@leddbullet Just wanted to say I saw your tweet on your grandfather and will pray for him. Also, I hope your weekend goes ok w/ ur cousin 
i dunno y @tweetpeete speaks of himself thru 3rd party tweets lol but @tweetpeete is mad cuz sports is finna suck til sunday 
friday frriiiidaaaaay!! weekend mode!! wish i was goin planet love tho.. 
@nicole_b86 yuppp  twitter is pure borin tonight lol  what times bb on at?
hmm, and the 31st, that was a good night. as soon as it turned midnight my life turned into a shithole. i hate 2009 
woah, 104 followers. wuuuut?!    had a fun wee day today. propaaaa tired tho 
haven't received a mobile tweet all day wtf, tmobile mustve realized my friends are raging twitterwhores and just blocked all my txts 
Today was a sad day (N) my best friend has a broken hear --&gt;   http://twitpic.com/5yq43    
Today was a sad day (N) my best friend has a broken heart   --&gt; http://twitpic.com/5yq43 
just saw that twitter will down for maintenance in a couple of hrs...ugh whatever will we do??? 
besides r@eplies, i only tweeted one other time today. i guess when im having a bad day, it shows.  trying to cut back on twitter anyways.
@jessicakattz some twitter lovin' for my sick friend  &lt;33
besides @replies, i only tweeted one other time today. i guess when im having a bad day, it shows.  trying to cut back on twitter anyways.
@beautyblackdiva this is the 1st day my twitter has ever show ur responses  thank god I switch 2 a diff twitter service lol. How r ya?
k gonna go not in mood for twitter party tonight  #20boysummer
its a friday and i have nothing to do but sit here and waste my time on twitter and facebook.. i'm sooo lame ! 
its a friday night and i have nothing to do but sit here and waste my time on twitter and facebook.. i'm sooo lame ! 
gna go to work in an hour. my blog is dyinggg 
Aww damn this is gon be that bull...twitter goin down in 15...hopefully it wont really be an hour 
found only one friend one twitter.  gotta catch them all.
wOw an hour without twitter    hahaha like i tweet much...but i do like to read what others tweet haha ;- )
the maintenance screwed up my tweet sched.  tweet yall tomorrow
sem tempo para o twitter/ 8760 hours ago?  but they don't know..
@fellexandroruby haha noo i'm on holiday, so can't sleep too early  hahahahaha twitter is d cure for insomnia yats! :p
we lost  @Jonasbrothers srry kev i tried getting #KevinJonas to 1 for #KevinJonas day and so did many others but stupid twitter grrr!
just watched my last episode of late night with @jimmyfallon. fuck i'm gonna miss this country 
gooooood morning to all....... sooo sleeeepy and  depressed 
btw, i texted twitter like 7 times while on the bus today, and 3 of the texts came up in some fucking chinese bs and i'm pisssssed. 
@aditto If it rains in the evening then many ppl wont turn up for the tweet up 
In a cab to rjcccc for history lecture. I want to be at kcp  - http://tweet.sg
angieiacobazzi, join in the twitter chats!!! And JayaPremsHangout, yep i thought it was allergies turning into a freakin' cold! 
@DaloDasha ehh dalia darling i see ur on twitter and not following me i m hurt  whats uppp man?? am i geting my wake up msg tmw i got work
hate it when i stay up all night and my girlfriend doesnt call me back after she hungup on me and wont even text me back 
@hiphopfiend24 hahahaha i just got your re-tweet. ehh i did drink and smoke but the party was LAAAAMEEE!! 
Morning twitter crap weather today  nevermind x
Oops clearly not got the hang of twitterfox  broadcasting personal msgs to the world!
My tweet deck is so slow today, like one hour behind everyone else  pourquoi?
5:45 am twitters. I gotta take people off my phone update. 
goodnight twitters!! have to sleep early!!  i have to drive my mom tomorrow early in the morning,,, love yah all!! @Dinnerreviews! nyt too
good morning twit-twits! not a great beach day?  whats everyones plans
@trent_reznor Congrats on your 8th year! I only wish my friends and dad were sober too... 
hello twitter world! trying to know how  photofiltre words.. I miss my photoshop sooooooooo bad 
@theresa_jx I had TWO different dreams about you last night! And then I woke up sad cuz they weren't real 
now to put together a whole new tweet deck...  soooo sad.
 mr twitter universe hasnt let me on for over a week now. how am i supposed to vote?!
@Esquiremodel yea usually the only. Folks just like reading my tweets, no one ever talks to me 
weird.... first time on twitter dnt hav ant frnds 
weird.... first time on twitter b4 dnt hav any frnds 
@hattie45 I wish--was going 4 friend's 30th bday blowout bash.  might see her later in summer in mke, tho. all around ::sad face:: today.
Is bored with all the errors that are appearing on facebook this afternoon, definate thumbs down to it at the moment 
#hdc @fatchins  my day is ruined  this will be a interesting read? a quick ? are you a fan of hack/slash.. http://tinyurl.com/pgnx6m
I tried to let the world all know last night I had the best cocktail ever but twitter was being dumb. 
@LilDroppa I gave u a shout out yesterday on follow fridays and u didn't return the love!!!! 
@CatholicChicks NO  When I hear it advertised I always wish I could go Wld be a gr8 way 2 meet up with twitter ppl &amp; be on pilgrimage 2
@cdurham23 oh hon I'm sorry your last pics were really good  hope your ILAA pics come out well. What u up to the weekend?
twitter is like dead 2nite perhaps im the only one not going out  oh well, im sat on the sofa with a nice can of larger. ahhhhhhh
@samantharonson i tried to listen to one of you myspace songs of the day and i cant, your facebook won't let me unless im your friend 
@juz1complexsoul what up woman!? how was ur bday? thnx 4 the invite! was crazy @ work this week, couldn't make it 
going to clean, and then get ready. adios peeps. text/twitter me. whatevs you want. i miss last night 
No new vid  went live on blog tv tho
my bro cut my internet last night to upgrade it without waiting for me to say bye on msn 
have to work todayy  oh well ill twitter in the back room ilec ilec ilec
 gerald lost a friend............idk what to say........this is like day 2 of crazy events.......
@infamouskidd thanks buddy sorry for the delay on the podcast but our internet at the hotel was crapola and couldn't do anything! 
@xoxnaquel is that from the live chat? ...That i missed haha  lmao
havent been on twitter in foreevverr. agh. 2 more weeks of school 
@DjDAX thiiiss iiss fuuun!! i only catched the last 5 minutes tho'  got outta tha shower, logged in and what do i see on twitter??
my twitter is messed up  i cant see my lil reply icon things over on the side and i cant click on follow on anyones page  dangit!!
decided to stay in tonight had a lil breakdown before talkin to my mom so goodnite twitter 
oh lol the follower thing was a cimputer glitch  twitter got me excited...awww im sad now
Almost 12 p.m., shower and then sleep cuz tomorrow i'll wake up early  tweet tweet loves
No twitting monday and thursday  the problem w/ twitting by phone: you dunno how many characters you have left...
going to sleep. i have to work at 11 tmrw morn  night tweets
@taylorswift13 wish i could be at the show tomorrow in fort wayne indiana but i couldnt afford tickets  enjoy the city &amp; tweet afterwards
too tired to ku   time to zzzuu adios to all of you xo peace twitter peeps
Hey @liveatthestudio no chat at ustream, not loading..going to btr   (LiveAtTheStudio live &gt; http://ustre.am/X0e)
@keller419 i know its so sad  no tweets from those awesome boys  o well its better...since i have to study this weekend  barf
@pntbtrkisses is having problems tweeting, twitter says too many tweets, so she's going to take a break and come back...gonna miss ya 
Ahh havent ben twittering today  such a busy/lazy sunday..@kmuncie should go take a pic of what i drew and twitpic it pleeeease!
u think twitter got u on time out... wait till i time u out @THEREALJMAC &lt;~~~~tha foulest tweeter i kno  lol
hardly any tweets from my girls today..  i feel all by my lonesome **gotta pee!
If there's no tweets from me tmrw, its cuz I walked myself into a therapist's office for being an emotional wreck. 
kinda hopin i get a txt or call 2night but i doubt i will 
@uhohitskates  I am in love with your last tweet! Why didn't you tell me you were in richmond though?!? 
@LOVELYBLUE27 stay awake its cari_tx i hit a twitter limit 
hey the person who liked my early bird not consider worm tweet i was gonna thank u but u deleted it b4 i could   but i like that 1 2
No one is on skype tonight so I'm stuck stumbling around the internet by myself. 
@her_starlight morning, ma cherie! Can you imagine, i still haven't recieved your letter!! 
woke uppppppp at around 10ish  ...annoyed my lil bro  ...and now having just read the tweets, i've nothing to do :/ ...music?
well i was licking the side of this hot chick  how cool am I? check out my myspace page for proof
http://noupa.blogspot.com &lt;3    happy sunday, twitters! still feel like crap though: fever, fever go away!! 
Ughhh another lonely night with @MzLeigh we need to get us a real Man so I won't be on twitter all day cause ill be boo'd up  smh tear*
downloaded 3 sets today but has no more space in the ipod  - http://tweet.sg #fb
ooh my 100th tweet.....an still nothing interesting to say  wonder if i ever will hmmmm....
good morning followers and twitters....had to get up early...ya girl had a horrible dream. 
my internet connection sux. i called the isp hotline, they sent techs this afternoon (on a sunday). unfortunately, i wasn't home. 
@daynah well, I reffered to the frensh website that originally published the news, and guess wot! it was jsut a joke ! faked pics 
@breatheheavycom oh yes..I'm aware that I'm a day late in replying to your post..my twitter was doing funny stuff yesterday 
My ipod's going all wonky on me. I think i dropped it one too many times  - http://tweet.sg
yo yo, just started at twitter, stuck at home on a sunday 
sorry I didnt tweet yesterday my computer wasnt working I am sad to come back on twitter and discover that HE spent the day with M*ley 
little to no tweets til friday. sorry 
@stephylineup I had that all over twitter asshole.. thought I hit u up tho  sorry the stress and liquor took ova my lil mind. next time ;)
@myrnaslist  I'm already subscribed to your feed but can't send you a message cuz your not subscribed to mine 
Lots on the agenda today: studying, blog update, feature story draft - so much for a lazy sunday 
@kev_insane dunno if amazon do gift cards for smack.  I'll take a day off soon to stay up all night and skype you guys. been too long.
checking twitter out as i got my new brace on my teeth on thurs and am refusing to leave the house til i can speak which will be never 
@dannywood of course you'd answer my tweet about where you're working out, when you're not in my state anymore. I see how it is  j/k xoxo
well hello twitter folk... gotta go back to work tomorrow.. yes I'm already thinking about it 
good night twitter world, sunday is over 
Tossing and turning! I can't get to sleep but i'm freaking tired, gosh.  - http://tweet.sg
Out eating brunch with my bff. I'll miss her when she goes back home today  http://twitpic.com/6umvv
@lorenzo6596 well I had a migraine yesterday &amp; my sis lost my sketchbook  but its been fun and interesting anyways.
hiya ppl follow me as i dont have many m8s on twitter  x i am watching telly but need 2 go 2 bed earlyier 2day as have school 2mox  x
what up tweeps!! did i miss anything??lol without a phone for a few days so ill be mia 
@psychobabblex hahha i'm officially a twitter addict lol! oh bad times for you! bad bad times! I have joseph running til friday night 
Awww taht was a really short chat and once again I never get a shoutout  this sucks  but the chat was good..lol I want that joker card
I gotta say my blog visitor count is abismal 
@vickster_ox good night hun, i just came back to facebook and twitter and ur gone  speak soon love x x
.had a reeeeeal busy weekend but it was alotta fun. iMissed u tweeple, tho.  fixina head out in a few.
@mrs_mcsupergirl the site has been up and down all day. kinda sucks  i think to many nk fans so we crashing yet another site lol
goodnight @jonathanrknight, no chance of staying up for your tweets 2knight!!  xo
yo... i'm bored... wanted to do somthing other than sit on twitter all nite (no offense ya'll) cuz i'm off tomorrow... but here I am 
@Quintescence u showed me no luv 2day    and u smoke too much lololol lke the video
@yeahNatalie muffin top is gonna watch/is watching that and quit deleting your tweets 
catching up on @perezhilton.. havent read it all weekend  omg need my fix
@Meezyy aww i wish i would have seen your tweet cuz i'm definitely back in jerz and i leave tomorrow 
@spencerkaitlin  i didnt! sara just told me, i feel bad for not knowing now haha   and YAY i think ill retweet the idea tomorrow
@jodiluvsjordank none of the guys can see ur tweets to them unless u take ur profile off private 
@bmcken28 uhhh dont talk about the beach on twitter. ill be sad 
oh gosh so done..that crazy @krystyl @maryam and @faolon sucked down all my redbulls and hijack my twitter acct   I drank water all night
right, so im not gonna bring my laptop in today, cause it'll weigh me down! bye twitter 
@ChetnaBinu yaar my stupid mtnl net hasn't been working for the last 2 days.. Lets hope im able to cm online tonite 
hello all(: back in singapore!am so deaf now,cos of the pressure  - http://tweet.sg
grrr at msn last night!! hardly anyone was getting my messages properly and then internet messing up  just cba with it
@jayadore  at your tweet. it was terrible, really very terrible, heres hoping everything thought it was hard too  good luck for tmrw!
@Dustwing Ive been following it since last night... it's sad, and it's getting intense  http://twitter.com/change_for_iran
@jlfang I've been trying to upload videos over the last couple of days &amp; it's not working. Other friends not having the same prob tho 
good mornin twitter peps. oh, how i dread mondays. 
I'm not impressed that my whole facebook home page is a discussion about how bad camp rock and the jonas brothers are 
mornin tweeps! was awaken by a txt early this mornin &amp; cudnt get back 2 sleep 
 2morrow last day of skool! i'm gonna miss everyone thats leaving and specially you mel mel! bye bye! good night twitters!! &lt;3
good morning evry1!! ughh i hav to go get my gay summer reading books today    my friend lauren said all da books are really long
have to run n gt the bus now for wrk  better start runnin for gonna miss it lol bye bye might tweet later x.x.x tweet tweet
ok compulsive bead-sorting in the morning followed by manic photo-taking around neighbourhood... omg wth jtm, fky 
forgot to mention hitting a low hanging branch while driving yesterday. windshield is now sporting a giant crack.  #fb
@joannebrayson yeah i did that last night too n explorer wudnt let me either  i know, bloody facebook!! xx
@rockfanatick yea im just playing on facebook &amp; myspace....trying to relax...had a crap day at work 
I'm like addict with twitter   anyways goodbye computer  till the friday xd
oh and sorry for the lack of tweets lately  my computer broke and i've been studying for exams   i did my first one today  5 left
hi tweets how are you all? The weather is fuc*** and I am having problems breathing.  
@sammiewellens  sorry havent been able to tweet about your birthdayy but my twitter hasnt been working  have a awesome time at Wembely
night twitter im off (L) stats exam tomorrow, amazing ;| getting in for 8 leaving so early  doubt i'll twitter lool.
facebook keeps on asking me if i want to become a fan of morning sex why is it taking the p*** out of me 
Its annoying but u no u did something right when you get over 2K spam comments a day on ur blog 
this might be my last day on twitter for a while cos me comie is getting sent back   im goin to miss you guys
it seems like every time I log on to twitter, I am eating? maan I'm a pig 
I had a dream last night shaun diviney actually wb to 2 of my comments! ahh.. I'm so sleepy! 
Just as i sent that last tweet the sun went away  awww im sad now lol... ^drumer-j_3:16^333
WTF r we going to do 2night when twitter is down for 90 min. I have no life anymore 
no one's tweeting D: ahh well, i'm off to bed, travelling takes it out of me, town tomorrow aswell so can't lie in 
@retropancakes i thought so but i do like to check...and im without internets  ta, gnight and see thee tomorrow xoxo
family reunion on sunday. woot woot. khatija and waseem are coming to loxley. the only one missing is karapetyan.  sadness.
@steph_thtgirl15 i have 2 check it later cuz now i have 2 re-update my internet cuz i can't c wat's in the bulletin.  lol
@TinaDTB2 the ones I saw were on youtube. I just came across them one day. I have not clue  how to make yer vids better, sorry 
@joystiq I work til at least midnight,  so I guess I don't have a chance.   
i seriously wanna twitter about my whole weekend but theres not enough room. 
gravenight shift  ...im crazy I know...well get ready for my frequent tweets about tonight
@stuntbrain  oh no! I looked forward to your tweets more than most. A sad day if this is true. Thanks 4 the coolness..
Slacking in twitter in week two thats sad 
@KristenJaymes9 I wish that people wouldn't mess with kristen's page. everyone's deleated thier twitter site.  sad day
dear twitter. ive been neglecting you today. im sorry. its been a trying day 
Not gonna be able to be on twitter for twp hours.  byee byee
@jordanknight nice to hear from u jordan...u havent been tweetin'as much! i miss ur late night tweets about honey nut cheerios  gnight!
i know! i graduate the night before too! and they take the pics which sucks  i wont be able to sleep after grad and then that! and 5 hr
just saw aaron on @jimmyfallon and now im jealous and angry cause i called this morning and they weren't booking  i wanna see jimmyyy
@KDreww have a good trip see you when you get back! You're gunna wanna tweet when you're over there but you can't.  Where's your layover?
well, i'm trying to fix my background, but twitter isn't letting me! oh well, i'll try again tomorrow. sorry for the cheesy layout 
No tweeting yesterday coz no elec=no broadband due to storm 
come on now check out my blog  http://11bwife.blogspot.com/ im trying  so how about em army wives on lifetime last night?
@lejjewellery just found your tweet down below! hows is little one this morning 
coz if not ill be reading my mag, ooks, ipod, and playing cubes all morning and sleeping and tv night/afternoon  ill be on anesthetic
@charlotteskiss haha.. i still havent seen twilight. i cannot roleplay  il watch it later and il join.. lmao is there private twitter?
@forcerdj - I took 2 weeks off work for in the sun, instead im lieing here trying to use this bastard twitter, grrrr i should be raving 
i apoligize for not tweeting.. my twitter is broke on my ipod and i rarely have time for the computer with my swimming training..  sorry x
Closed his macbook before an email had sent last night and now feels like crappy poo 
another boring day  i miss my friends ( http://tinyurl.com/njn9eq
@liz_dicko soooooooooooooo devo, and he was making comments about it all this afternoon.. i was like oh my goddddd  take off your pants!
morning tweeters! i miss talking to @kimberleycc  xoxo, start following her she's amazing!
ahhhhh!  morning  twitter experiment  coffee  soon broken arm still me not favorite unanimously 
I'm going home early  - http://tweet.sg
omg! my mom's freakin out! good night!  :S
...glad I get to witness the morning convo...tho I can't fully participate 
goood morning! only 19 followers ? 
Ahhh I got banned from livedaily for posting a britney thread  keep me updated on news u guys!
up from the nap and off to philosophy. hooray. and still not getting ANY tweets on my phone today for some reason 
@rosepink1984  yeah that is annoying. I'll have to remember to be really careful on twitter during &amp; after this weekend.
my best friend turns 21 tomorrow and i won't be in ny to get her shitty  that cheers me up... noooot.
@jennamarieu for some reasn i didn't get your tweet today sent to my phone..bummer  but yeah i edited and am almost done for now!
@AyeYoBri of coursenot! u had told me about the service last week and rochelle text me a reminder. it's all good! hope u and ur fam r ok 
@BrunetteExotica yo..my bad u kno my phone stay dead i couldnt update u on my location last nite 
@_anea im ok...kind of a busy day, so my tweeting is sporadic  the new icon is better...although not quite teh hottness i expect from you
has to go without a phone until friday when she gets paid cause her's officially broke. yey for me! 
about bloody time twitter came bk on!! been fkin up 2nite mann.. 
@JBnVFCLover786 family is crazyyyy!! lol grr ima go and wait until like an hour or get on tommorow cause i dont like using this twitter 
@hotel_max you guys had a tweetup 
it must be downtime/maintenance day cuz now that twitter is back up, bejeweled blitz is down! zomg.  oh well.
all this old shit on my blackberry caught me off guard.got rid of calender dates,my call log,hearts off a name &amp; countless cute pics  fml
haven't been on twitter in a while...pissed as hell that the hangover was sold out!! now i have 2 wait till nxt tuesday 4 my free tickets 
@eadvocate THANKS! tell that to the twitter gods...  It's about that time for me to do &quot;time&quot;
internet not up at my new aprtmnt til thursday  another twitter hiatus! hoe youre all well!!
yay!! new phone and camera!!!!!!!!!!     dont txt me though cuz the month didnt start over yet....no unlimited txting 
just realized i got not ONE tweet update to my cell today......  ugh. anyone else have the prob?
i'm bad at this whole twitter thing :-/ oh well. i'm finally happy with my hair cut and headed back to omaha tomorrow 
@DanaKk nope  I have my driving lesson in the afternoon! wooooo! wish me luck hahaa
the boo says i have to give twitter a rest for a while  bye for now twitterbugs
i can't get any updates on my phone. idk why. hahah that's why i thought no one was twittering... 
It's soooo crazy goin a whole day w/o tweet'n!!! But w/o the app on my phone, &amp; all my runnin around I couldn't!!! 
i'm f*'n bored and twitter isn't doing the trick-guess i'll jus stick to the rules from now on and jus twit 'what i'm doin' at the moment 
@ladygee22208 wowowowowowo were the hell u been haven't read anything from u on twitter all day 
hella sleepy. work in the am  night twitter.
good night twitter...as I must rise and shine bf 8:30am 
72 followers and counting lets keep this going! hahaha work tomorrow.  ill be up early. goodnight tweet buddies. conan tonight!
@jazred87 lol yea I wanted to come back sat but I can barely afford the sunday flights.. i never get money for my bday  what is outrage?
talkin to the bf....then hitting the sheets miss you alreadyyyy  night tweets wish me luck on my examssss
goodnight tweeps.. jess's gotta work in the morning 
havent been really updating my twitter acc since a week ago. been really super busy! sorry! 
#squarespace did NOT have a good night!! maaan could i really use that iphone to cheer me up. brushes with death are noooo fun. 
word has it david performed at coombe abbey last night...cant believe it i only live 20 mins away, i missed it. Not happy 
Another time being single sucks is when your up alone at 3 am just u, your tv, and twitter!  who's up with me?
@bencusick92 haha. sure. twitter was down for an hour  not good. did you book tickets for miley? x
@sarahjaneruby yeah u gotta be 18 n my mum refuses to put it in her name  todays probly the worst day ever
and no internet till monday! *cries again* as great as my fone is it cant play WOW 
is on twitter woot woot! day off today was great back to the grind tomoz 
I'm recieving alot of shocking news one shot .  - http://tweet.sg
@talesin yes ty sir i knew that...but i didnt get tweets all day on my phone? 
#hdc @Footdr69 shitful day, am sick, might go to doc tomorrow if I'm worse {hack cough}   you have an awes.. http://tinyurl.com/kv3gw4
omg why's everything everywhere sold out today?  - http://tweet.sg
@jedbramwell I'm good but I haven't been on much cuz mom's been busy...now she's leavin 2morrow for vaca so I won't be able to twitter 
Another day at the office  http://twitpic.com/7ma5c
@mrnick @onlydanno @online_mum @drmlabs @SaraFeenan @mrjonathanlee been following u guys fr a fw weeks but no follow back #lastchancethu 
@wakeup_maggie sorry I missed your blog tv last night  I went to bed early because I have to get up early for work.
Morning tweeps! i woke up this morning with a cold  ....... ugh
@clo37 lol *hugs* babe. ;) hey heard of twitter deck? by any chance you using it? i can't seem to install it. 
keep seeing pics of parties and beach bumming on fb...sad i'm not there this summer   shoutout to ios!
I'm not having a good day. 4 cockroaches, durian infested bus and a dead cat  - http://tweet.sg
The internet sucks at this hotel. Could not engage in my morning rituals. #fail 
Thanks for all the bday wishes. It was a good bday even though the game got rained out  hopefully the rest of the series wont or sunday!
sucky night last night for many reasons.. laying in bed with an ear infection. sorry all my tweets have been so depressing haha 
goodnight tweeps! huaa i'm sick  sorry late for reply and follow back your twitter ya, so tomorrow maybe ahaha going to off byeee
what happened to the abillity to delete a tweet??? it's all out of whack since maint yesterday 
@livengoodcal so jealous btw.. I am stuck in front of a mac currently on dial up... No update foe me for hours.... 
next monday can't come soon enough.. this forced hiatus is no fun. I miss my internet 
waiting to go outside. fionas was fun last night, but she deleted her twitter!  kanye west is a babe! should be out tonight 
this day is draggggggggggggging on!!! its only 2:40pm!!! (fyi: eastern) =/ i wana go home..NOW! im kinda sad, too. *sigh* oh fml. 
ok, the maniacs have gone wild again- my time on twitter has to come to an end today 
@mypeterpan3 wow myspace and official site still say the friday date but ok so i dont remember when and where but they did change it 
@fdtorres it's so odd, i have 100 api,they run out in abt 10 min w/o my tweeting&amp;cant refresh until the next hr. it's like tweet prison 
@jjenrodriguez I'm looking at my tagged pics of fb and I'm looking at the ones the day we hung out with javi and @angryunicornway 
Fucking headache ttm, and I can't seem to be sleeping though I got home close to 5 yesterday.  - http://tweet.sg
omg. can i withdraw from 4seasons and go home now? damn sleepy.  there's no place to sit on train either.  - http://tweet.sg
@dannydymo hehe tweet tweet  bro yesturday ,couldn't on til u come back   it's morning here,u probably are sleeping now LOLx
@brian1067 aww man really your leaving twitter  nooooo lol
think ill go to bed my eyes are sore  nitey nite tweeters! x
@bbydll84 friend u always on vacay I'm tryin to get like u my nxt vacay isn't til labor day wkend 
Misses her bestfriend marc super bad. seeing him for a few hours monday night didnt cut it. he needs to come back 
goodnight twitter people early morning for me tomorrow 6 am 
@katesbabe ps- your tweet to the jonas brothers practically broke my heart 
@kyrakub my ipod wouldn't let me refresh my stupid twitter  cause i did it like over 100 times. sdfaf;ajsk DUMBB. but yeah :}
#stopniley and watching secret life online. golfing tomorrow. and maybe amanda+nicole time?!  i misss my lauren 
goin to bed! sonogram in the morning to fin out wats wrong wit her legs and why the r 3weeks bhind and rnt devloping right 
goodbye twitter  i have used 2 much internet download ooopppsisess :O @katieroseFC have u used a lot of urs yet?
@TimAndEric I missed the trivia last night  none of the updates got sent to my cellphone this sucks #4yourhealth
got a hotel. finally showered (1st in days!). free breakfast tomorrow - woohoo! shitty internet. 
Is having maggi mee for lunch today.  - http://tweet.sg
This #tweet deck.is well better!! Thanks for the morning tweet guys am off to work 
on twitter leave till exams are over (next friday). Trying to be on facebook leave too but that's even harder 
good morning tweeps! on my way 2 an all day mtg (great  ) its really coming down out here so be careful this a.m. ill sneak &amp; twit later
Just woke up and i gained and lost a follower overnight!     wekk i am off to teach my grandma how to use the internet byeith!
internet's been out all night. couldnt drunk tweet.  had so many good things to say..but they prolly all involved bangin robert plant ;-)
@twckellycass the light at the video wall is really reflecting off your blouse this morning... so bright &gt;_&lt; sorry 
@bluefroggie crap! I am going to miss the twitter party because I have to work an orientation tonight 
babay tumblr - see u on sunday or most probably monday morning  http://tumblr.com/x4k22xyul
@jonaskevin good morning kevin! does joe have twitter too? sooo many fake profiles. help! 
oh man. dont sign up fot the stupid followers game. cause i did and now i have a twitter imposter on my accout 
@ryan_ukulm nooo i don't have iphone   i'll get my e51 soon promise promise. haha club and twitter? *oo shiny lights oo*
in skool cant wait to see gabby after skool days goin by so slow  *sad* and i cant follow one of my friends on twitter... so weird
been busy as shit today.  i think my tweet deck feels neglected.. 
@rustyrockets Russ, ur ears must b buring. I been talking bout u on twitter for hours. Seems u've kissed all my followers 'cept me. V sad 
i know the eldest is expecting a lot for his bday celeb tomorrow...  http://plurk.com/p/1203hb
@chicklet7 I knoe buddy. I've been high alert since twitter downtime waiting for some dumbass newbie game. There are a couple of signs 
is dead tired &amp; going to bed now after informing herself a bit about twitter...p.s. had a burrito for dinner 2day! not so yum though  xo
good morning twitter. i'm eating stale cheerios for breakfast 
twitter fam.... let down once agian.  why do i get my hopes up to be dropeed like this. oh well. top ramen soup for me tonight. bye.
watching tv and eating, what ive done all day  i wanna go outtt ! and still not getting the hang of the twitter thing
im out to the studio session here in cali..none of my twitter apps works  booo you twitter holla
@nick_carter going to give any chance to be your official fan club in your page, I want to be a .... 
@saffanaali aaahhh twitter is gettin crowded each day, I don't think I can stand that  jizzzz
thread keeps breaking, dunno why. worked for the first hour of sewing! 
webcamming w gladys &amp; abi. i didnt get much sleep last night.. almost fell outta the chair  - http://tweet.sg
&amp; now im mad i gotta go to sleep lol but i cant hold my eyes open so my twitter conversation will have 2b saved til 2marrow 
@a5hleyf are you having fun bestie?  come back soon so we can hang out.  your twitters doesn't go to my phone.  dont know why...
I dont know what to think at the moment! got news and idk how/waht to think about it!! 
hi twitter!! sorry i haven't checked in like 1...2 days...I'm just really busy with school... 
@wlauw tweet tweet!!! just woke up at 1145 cuz i couldnt sleep! 
um... on twitter... man im tired.  had volleyball stuff all day. thank gosh that i dont have anything tomorrow
@andyprovidence haha! sorry. ur at %36. i would vote like all night but i have to turn off the computer bcuz of a thunderstorm. 
Oops, meant to send that last tweet to @mandaayxo lol sorry I didnt txt back, btw. I ran out of minutes! 
actually going to bed at a reasonable time. sunburn exhausts me apparently. gonna be bored tomorrow.  goodnight twitter. yay tstorms.
goodnight twitter.... tomorrow gym! 
wlking to james's to say goodbye to peeps for 2 and a half months  gunna miss everyone
ok well i have laundry to put away... i'm goin off the computer now  night twitter folk, have fun for me.
eeeee..lolll...wwoooo..geeee...  I missed yetserday's thread   #battleground
but I'm tired si nights ppl! p.s I wish prince charming had twitter so I could say nightsss. 
i am sad cuz i like send messages to all these celebs but no one repllies back.  i know their busy but...
i dont feel like going tuition!  - http://tweet.sg
wat a day  so over working a dead end job!!!!! talk with you al tomoz u crazy twitters xx &lt;3 xx
today/tonight was so fun with @tmmontgomery and after. how does one tweet ruin my whole mood and make me feel jealous/left out?  fml
i just had 105 followers now i have 104! whats going on here? this morning i had 108. this is making me very very sad 
manny's in alaska so now i don't have anyone to call at 2 in the morning 
ps for #iranelection follow @azarnoush. Now get lost twitter, I am trying to study on a friday night 
wonders why am I perpetually hungry  - http://tweet.sg
woah the hot list page has crashed! ive been trying to get on for like a hour!! 
getting off twitter. busy day tomorrow. fuck me, i just want to sleep in 
looks like it'll be me and you this weekend twitter. no money = no birthday festivities. cant even get a tap off ma maw. 
ohh snap i 4got all bout twitter  soo not good
@hellosascha heyy! about the rev's twitter..go on a7xfans.com and you'll see that warner brothers have said that it is a fake 
Leaving my desk for lunch... gotta use stupid tiny twitter now 
afternoon twitts...didnt sleep long today  whats the 1st thing u guys do after u put ur feet on the floor? if its twitter, ur addicted..
~~ hello long forgotten twitter ~~ can't believe I missed the fiasco yesterday 
@ARoadRetraveled hi simone! long time no tweet my dear friend. how are you doing? i miss you 
@JenMartin1 hey no fair. Although I am following wlbt my last update from it was 15 hrs ago. 
No interweb for the weekend -  i think i might die from lack of tumblr oh welllll, have a great weekend and... http://tumblr.com/xez23e2hh
@thepostergirl omg i was trying to send you the names before noon but i couldnt use my facebook at work 
@zachcumer you've been ignoring my tweets all night so far   I'm fine at the mo... If not alittle upset with you...
feels really illl  off to watch tv then bed. night xo
havent been on twitter in forever!! Wish I had my mac back 
@riggins So.... no gift?    my mom had to lol @ ur tweet
@mayoremile2010 happy bday, good sir!!! i didnt ur text until later that evening, sorry buddy! 
omg tomorrow it's my birthday party! lool a few minutes ago i was dreaming that the jonas brothers maked a video for me saying happy bday 
Realizing I don't quite have a twitter nation like @iamdiddy no love on my iphone v pre poll 
nothing's on tv to watch  last tweet of the day. good night people&lt;3 (:
man christian bale's got nothin on me. sorry for dropping some f-bombs twitter  but ive been really these past few days
another weekend, what to do? shopping online at the moment....hoping it doesnt rain tomorrow  whats new twitt-sters?
That's a day&amp; a half witout music &amp; phone  I'm def gonna have tweets &amp; emails out the ass tomoro afternoon
I rent 5 movies yeah cause I'm gonna be home all weekend because of my ankle  saad about that tweet tweet
It's Friday and Im home... on Twiiter; jus sadd  Ireally lead a pitiful life lol
Two birds w/one tweet - @THEflyGIRL was *so* not ready for that daily pause... @MissIve sorry about toe, doc's will only tape it together 
wow so a couple of tweet via txt went ape shit when i look at them on my comp. 
@EdwardsLinJAIL i'm still in freakin' twitter jail too.  have been for over an hour now. 
Today was great! lol lovely lil day packed into every lil moment wish sean couldve came 
@songstress319 hey I posted a tweet about u calling u my fav the other day 
sorry i haven't been updating twitter as much as i used to. ive been so busy with this crappy summer program like i said 
okay i'm going to bed, i have to wake up at 3  good night! btw - i'm turning my phone updates off for pr so if you need me, text me 
had a bad nightmare yesterday.  - http://tweet.sg
@KattyLenoir88 hey sweetie, at&amp;t hasn't released the mms function for the update yet. It doesn't come out til the end of the summer 
 twitter slowin down ppl mst b out &amp; about. yall need 2 tweet yall adventures 2 entertain me. wheres @AlSharpTongue dat dude is hilarious
okee dokee twitterland...im done for tonight...ps: @pepperlive...where you been? not a tweet out of you in forever 
My brother just used my phone to twit that i was a fag  - http://tweet.sg
going to bed cuz i have to work in the morning  and i failed at finding downloads. double  
ok....goodnight twitter.....loooong day for me.....miss the boo 
damn twit game sucked yesterday maybe cuz of the bday.. thanks for the love,@mendozasantos u too.. @simply plz ask her what i did.. 
@joshgroban wish i could've been there  congrats josh, you completely deserve this honour!have a good feed and an even better night ;-)
Its 218am there in la la land  twitter is so quiet at these times
morning twitter-verse. have to leave somerset and head back to oxfordshire today  probs gonna end up working as soon as i get thru door...
No one to eat dinner with  - http://tweet.sg
Faster leh, i want my drinking plans with baby and the boys to happen  - http://tweet.sg
bored as...  so the first man killed while on twitter ay?
&lt;--------------- Needs to stop reading @donniewahlberg tweets....I am crying like a baby   You had me at hello ddub, you had me at hello..
jst back from post office sending orders,im soaked  its pouring down!!! whats every1 doing for the summer solstice???
@bowwow614 twitter slap myself for locking my keys in my apt . smh 
cant get my photos. problem with memory card. next week 'lah' tweeps 
ohhh...need my morning coffee, but it was piping hot!! lol so now i'm checkin' the web...sans coffee 
cant believe i waited up till 4 o'clock this morning just to get stood up  whats that all about?! no txt/phonecall or anything!...
@3lys3 I didn't see your tweet til just now  your clothes are still in there
hi tweeters...have hit a stone wall in writing tomorrow's sermon 
@monicaclare i really never went on b/c i didnt talk to anyone  my twitter was for celebs though. its my aunts bday today asnd 2mrw church
i keep thinking its friday - cuz dad works today.  http://tumblr.com/x1d23nbiy
@kuhvet yeah, at this rate I'm gonna abandon twitter just like myspace by end of the year 
I dropped chicken wings on my hugging pillow.  - http://tweet.sg
i am a helpless pathetic schmuck without my family  thankfully they'll be back tomorrow #fb
Going back to bed for a short bit, sux to be ill on your day off  tweet ya later
@StephStricklen gosh I wish I'd been on twitter yesterday - totally missed the chance to join ya'll down there 
all of my twitter friends are traveling this weekend!  wish i could leave nyc too 
I found out that i can't return the app till monday  oh well, at least i have it filled out... took me a while thouhg
wait, myspace has a twitter!? LOL! oh, btw, my new boyfriend is a dol...phin!  i miss seaworld already 
at philadelphia airport. 3 hour layover! And no twittering in spain 
sarah doesnt like my tweets of the day  sorry
headin to spain in 4 hours !!! so xcited ... il miss u twitter  ... but il be back soo haha
@nessaleighriley my 2nd follower! thanks! still trying to figure out this twitter thing. sorry you had to spend the day at a funeral 
Wow danny's on a tweet-a-thon! Lol I cant see his photos from my phone tho 
@ddlovato i hope i could one day get a tweet from demi. but i know it will never happen  i love you demi! july 11th&lt;333
@ohhowfunny i thought that last tweet was to me! but i didnt wanna mistake it and sound stupid.. haha but i'm at my dads  come save me!!
what is wrong with me right now??? - guess i have to go to bed  see ya tomorrow twitter-universe
@peyton_scott http://twitpic.com/7ygm2 - twit pic chooses today to screw everything up... 
bored.. facebook and twitter jus dnt cut 4 entertainment anymore  wat a sad sad time
would tweet more if my uber snazzy phone hadnt got stolen and i now have this crappy one  in other news, glasto in 2 days! 
thurs nite was soooo crazy! I'm lucky 2 b able 2 tweet rite nah  lol
Friend of my old ex  hit me on myspace sayin he sorry 4my loss he heard bout what happned. But I aint lose any 1?  bad news is on the way
@pprplns: i know you wanna see the mirror shot i got the other day a la pic msg. i don't want to eat a chocobanana. 
twitter time =D .. &quot;...sick atm  ahhhh... i wish i could sleep for another 5 hours.. that'll be good, oh, and well done to ryan goding :S&quot;
@gabriellesacro i wish u came 2 my bday party today  it wasnt the same w/o u. u dont know how many times i wished my bestfriend was there!
 I maybe in for tonight on my last real weekend home  mad I can't turn off this location shit on ubber twitter
after just a day, ive run out of ideas to write on my blog  maybe my mind will sort itself out after exams!
night night twitter. father's day..  this sucks.. 
just finished packing for yellowstone, am completly bored cuz I had to put my phone up for the night  but oh well @ least I got my puter!!
Wtf she's even appearing in my dreams  okay wait, nightmares grrrr. - http://tweet.sg
@voodooexp2009 a game eh? what happened to the facebook date? 
blah....bored...go birthday night....lame.  whats the point?
My friggin afternoon  fucking uni.  http://twitpic.com/7zho1
@maddow luv your show &amp; luv msnbc but why did msnbc abandon iranian breaking news this weekend. For 1st time I was thankful for cnn 
 goodnight twitter. Shits been really weird with me lately. I need a doctor!!
@jonaskevin my mom don't even know how to use email  hehe...it was an amazing show (i only get updates fr twitters though). come to au ...
@SAvizi wow hot green tea?? I dunno about that lol jk..but I guess the hyper feeling only lasted 1 minute..I feel tired again 
@xCraziiChiicax dude omg. i havent spoken to you all weekend  i need my choclate chip buddy fix. haha.
woah..haven't updated my twitter for a week which was excruciating! haha been busy in school sorry guys 
@RealRobBrydon pls send me a funny tweet to cheer me up rob im having a ryt morning from hell 
@lauratee_ haha. ze fools! green day (Y) i'll probably record it though. really tired  xoxo
SHIT! @emilyjscott i forgot my 500th tweet hahaha i said like 5 before it that i would remember and everything 
Fckr. @InocencioJubee i don`t have wireless yet. BUT my aunt told me ppkbitan n`ya nko next next week. :&quot;&gt; mobile web`s lame. 
@alegend im sorry, i was actually planning on give you my 400th tweet... but then when i remembered i was already 408 or something 
@khamass wha wha? i didn't do nuthin.  haha. now this is wasting twitter bandwidth. would you rather me rant about iran then? *wink*
@Bossmobb happy fathers day def tried to direct message you an ur not followin me anymore  tear
@mason_a allll the grade twelves have it, pretty much  i could give you names, but not on twitter lol
@hnprashanth dude i'm so jealous o u guys!n angry too!u had to have d tweet up today?  i so badly wanted to attend it!damn my effin exam
All these mo fuckin people on my twitter I don't even know... not like any of them try to get to know me! 
Today was a text-less day  http://tumblr.com/xbs23y0jk
ive been tweeting alot today even though its been a slow day on twitter  where are you guyss?? xx
my pc's video card's broken  stuck with mobile twitter and mobile everything until it gets replaced (hopefully tomorrow)
as of this morning - alexzillagoesrar:  http://tumblr.com/xke23y8zy
@AFineFrenzy hey, wanted to ask you for a few days now.. Is it my crazy twitter or is your picture actually green?!?! 
omg less than 6 hours i wil be half way to zante!!! going to miss my wee family and amanda 
Right I'm off to work until about 12 twitterberry and ubertwitter r being twats so looks like twitter free night! 
@EmilyRoseDenton aww i wish id have read this tweet before 9am this morn, i booked to see him agen in july... bugger...sorry lovey xx  xxx
bored... tumblr is so boring yet addictive. cant believe i haven't done any of my english essay today - so disappointed with myself 
just dropped my bff off at the airport   Now I'm getting ready for a same day interview...gotta luv it!
I seemed to have deleted some of my updates  oh well heres the link thats sums them all up :p www.rhiannapratchett.com a game writer...
omg @swindonollie is back on twitter : p oh you rocked on air going to miss ur lunch breaks 
My dad doesn't want to tweet  I was gonna set him up with a twitter.  Laame
have i got the twitter bug? ooohhh it does look like it!! seen as u wont see this, i actually miss u dean 
Couldn't sleep well last night  - http://tweet.sg
@jaejaedynomite ohhh I misunderstood about the tweet up...I gotta spin tomorrow  sorry
@KarrisFoxy they closed it months ago  totally forgot to mention that on twitter. if you ever wanna hit the one on roswell let me know!
@mileycyrus  Aww you never write back to my tweets  only wish ud write back but . . .x
ok twitter fam.had a very long day.now it's time to take it down.I gotta wake up pretty early..  GoodNite !
@aplusk oo ashton u just ruined my day!! 
gotta get ready for school now byebye twitter for 7 facking hourz   ahh  bahaha...once i get home imma read all the interesting tweets! XD
mmmm. Ramen noodles. No one from twitter has told me how my site looks.  *tear* lulz
My facebook status is good today,I've used binary to say whoever decodes it gets to suck my cock as a prize. No winners just yet 
@davidarchie david you havent post any tweets today   i miss ya
front page of perez hilton again. unfortunately, not for a good story this time 
@juliaxgulia heh, you would think, but uhm, no  You should tell my mom @Maddymarx she needs one. (she just joined twitter yesterday)
@KDtwtr @littlemissahh_ @bekah_babes aw im pretty gutted i missed out in the convo  busy with the pic email thing 
@zachtroberts gotta be honest, the thing that saddens me the most when looking at the tweets from #sbc2009 is that there are NO women 
@keifel so sorry could not make the tweet up, daughter has national test tomorrow so had to be the good parent, tweet ya next time 
@wearmoa I bet! I spent all day doing my little batts!! l added in lots etc so you know!did a few pics will post next!  sorry about camera
My computer is messed up - so its gonna be me and twitter for several hours - someone text me please 
going to ma bed now  wish i could stay up all night and tweet later twamily mwah
@mishkia ouuu new boy hey? I'm good when did you write your last tweet to me as I only just saw it 
almost everytime i refresh my page tonight , i have lost a follower ... is something wrong with twitter or am i just a boring loser 
im sorry this is the last day of my twitter love you guys always 
great way to end the night with @lowin, @JuliaGuliaa, @austingibbs and idk amandas twitter  work in the am
@dawei_nl argh my follow/unfollow is broken  been like this for days
Aw i lost followers! boo  any hoo morning all hows everyones thursdsay going for them?
why doesnt @que_day26 get on twitter anymore 
I'll be separated from my lappy for two weeks!  - http://tweet.sg
cant fall asleep  so i decided to see what this twitter thangg is all about
man twitter is very confusing &gt;.&lt; just hope i have time b4 fridays deadline 
okay, lost intrest in ghost whisperer, no scary enough. why am always the only one on twitter with no one to reply to  sigh
morning all, whats occuring with the twitter 'followers' counter? - i've been tryin since yest 2 block some undesirables 
omg! its already thursday night!?!?when did someone press the fast-forward button on life? im sooo tired! ballet open day on sat and sun 
Going to school. I can't find my cellphone  tweet ya when I get home.
well i don't know why i enter to twitter i have to go  bye twitter see u the sunday 
is up loading pictures 2 my facebook! 2hrs later and am still doing it, how shits that  talk about take the piss!!! sort it OUT fb!
is going to work midnight shift despite having food poisoning  - http://tweet.sg
@joemarsip actually  it's my new tweet joe (what should i call you ? dad ? grandpa ?) my old one is proabably suspended 
@ykesha2001 morning mama!  I saw your earlier Tweets I was getting ready for work at the time... sorry 
I think i'm hungry again  - http://tweet.sg
i will not spend another day solely on twitter like i done last night  its so addictive! im away to tidy up..or so i say
mmmm quiet this afternoon, noone to keep me company 
@K7vans ack! Now I'm gong to pick up babygirl and go to walmart, see ya in a couple hours 
@emma_louise   hi emz, yes I am finally on twitter. lol. adding the jonas brothers is top of my list lol. sorry about your phone bbs 
Oh my...too busy this morning and so many interesting and valuable Tweets have slipped past me. 
looooong talk wid dad abt the current hate+like sitch of new skul...told me tht it'll bcum fyn in a month,but wat do i do till then? 
hi  feelin annoyed had a bad day worst of all been 2da hospital not good news peeps 
Today is gonna suck. Not much signal so no twitter or facebook this afternoon. 
Drunk guy outside work not having a good morning.   http://twitpic.com/8drib
crap can't use mobile updates or my phone bill sure kena.  nevermind still doing up my twitter. so far okay lah, we'll keep this simple...
@hayesz its all good hahha im glad you have fun  the pics on your blog will give me fapping material for days to come ;)
@oliver_turner cant do facebook at work, sorry. have yourself a great day stuffed full of awesomeness! 
mil's sms this morn - &quot;good morning. how are u?&quot; so tahching 
@ DwanB i ate filet american this morning  and i cant see your pic on mobile twitter
@ramdomthoughts Oh no the little yellow guy is the real me  .. heheh.mind you my twitter home page gave it away as well .
Morning everyone, or afternoon or good evening, thats the beauty of twitter, it's world wide 
yes yes yes last day of school tomorrow oh and i need to do something on thursday so if your free call me/ myspace me hahahh 
Clearly I'm setting the correct timing for an animation, one tweet each blast/preview.   but ok I'm done.
@swa_tee yo been good, I have way too many blogs man try myschooolfthought.blogspot.com or aquasigeek.blogspot.com 
Brrrrrrrr... good morning everyone   If you're in the mountains and have good snow pics email amywoodtv@gmail.com
@MimiMohamed mr. lee has more important things to do than update his twitter. but a spike night sounds good 
good bye twitter world, im off to watch some movies 
good morning twitter fam! a lil sleepy this a.m. but i'm getting my cappacino on 
@Sean_05_11 nice , i think it looks good  did you get my photo comment on myspace lmao .. ooo who you going out with today???
@perezhilton - i love the video with the red headed kid on your site! made my sucky day a whole lot better. thanks! 
alright - one meeting cancelled. 30 minutes of my life back. woot, woot! 
watching The Last Days of the IT Nazis awesome dubbing  http://www.theserverside.com/news/thread.tss?thread_id=54051
I'm done twitter, good nite 
is going to sleep goodnight twitter see you in the morning 
@diana_music  been checking phone all day hoping something would pop up  glad you had amazing seen video on youtube wish could of gonexx
hello twitter, getting pizza hut tonight 
good morning twitter people. I think I'm gonna go fix me some pizza. That sounds real good to me right now! 
off to get goods to make a b-day cake...tweet ya later!  oh better leave you with this.. http://tinyurl.com/bxw39y  case ur interested 
@KimKardashian  hey kim im a  huge fan! ur like my role model and i really hope i can actually meet u one day.  
i'm obsessed with the streets' song 'trust me' since yesterday ... makes me want to get back to london asap. has any1 the lyrics? 
not been on twitter in a while, hehe! soo hows everyone?  x (:
@skydawn4 yes my friend just told me about what happened with that i am on eclipse now read new moon yesterday hehe i am addicted !!! 
@megan_cooper oh, haha you should ask mike! he became such a twitter freak  i call you. right now! so pick up the phone guuurl. i love you
good night twitter !  love you x
158 follwers only my 2nd day on twitter woohoo! yes there will be a season 4 
@misskriss11 i dont have a place to drink at. lol. dude. annddd i love how we could just be txting.  lol yay for twitter lmao
sgomez:tell me something i don't know&lt;---i &lt;3 this song.well going 2 bed.goodnight twitter bugs.don't feel all that well.pce out peeps 
All around great day. Thnk you @DerekSanders for a great acoustic set  goodnight twitter, sry again people who I didn't text back earlier
going to bedd  goodnight twitter!  p.s. goodluck with the audition tomorrow, aimee! 
@DREKIAD4L welcome to my twitter family  i know i saw u out there @ the shoot today! i have a good ass memory. lol
tweet tweet..im off...shopping for a prom dress tomorrow  what upp!!
@SheIsDangerous haha cool, @lovebaroness is very good at kidnapping!  power twitter eh? i use tweetdeck
alrighty twitter peeps.  time for bed! nighty night! 
is gonna read somo more of miley cyrus - miles to go. on page 71 so far this morning  its a good read!
@momopeche I haven't laughed that hard in a long time lolol  you have madd drunk twitter skillz 
good night twitter shit lol  im fuuuucckedd hjdjjsiurjhjfhoipwplkjdhjdhhjhjdxdhueuhrjjjjjaaayyyyyyyyyyyy
@michelleasaurus i exercised everday this week.i feel fit hahaha. and yes u r a nerd doesnt have to be books 
@mcflyharry YAY youre on twitter  oh and if you can can you send a happy bday message to @taylajade .. its her 16th and itd make her day!
Practicing with @pencilin in an hour! Just finished a couple of concepts for our website and myspace aswell! Things are looking good! 
Morning twitter, currently listening to motley crue can't beat some 80's rock in the morning to wake you up 
@thewritestuffoh of course I did! U tweet ur butt off one day &amp; disappear 4 what 3? 
@jonaskevin hi! just droppin by.  have a nice day!.  xoxo
@nick_carter u make our twitter pages much more fun LOL keep uploading this crazy pics!!! 
happy easter twitter!  need a steak pronto!!!! 
So I have an idea for a web show...writing the script woot woot school tomorrow 
is very happy to have found warren ellis on twitter  (no one else can get away with saying 'good morning sinners' quite like him)
@dendro I'm still getting used to this twitter thing...not sure how to use it yet..hope the anniversary was great yesterday 
finally got a twitter  can't wait till youth tonight
To all my tweet heads enjoy ur day its beautiful outside 
erm here its 6:50pm lol  and ive had my dinner lolol !  what times it there ?.
@mrskutcher going to have to check out the twitter games, gotta love Sundays when you can just play around online all day 
Amazing sunday morning! Now onto my 12 page paper due in 2 days ... have i started? no. will it be amazing tho? yes! 
jon walker's twit pics just made my night. 
@Shayminn thx for the chat yesterday. 
On my way to get my daily coffee. Can you say relief?  - http://tweet.sg
good night loser your my only follower on twitter  hayward plunge P.S. &quot;you dropped something&quot;
Morning Tweeps, I'd like to write something interesting here, but I have to let you down 
@jameszabiela having some darkness ep with my starbucks this morning   http://twitpic.com/3nb9k
@jaffamaddin is sunny here  almerimarlife.com/webcam.html if you don't believe me!!!! good weekend sir?
@DaveJMatthews holy crap (no pun intended, really), i really enjoy waking up and reading your late night tweets. thanks for including us. 
i wounder if ill be able to twitter tomorrow, i know ill have heaps of pics to put up after 
@NikkiCJ hope you have a good morning my new twitter friend  don't work too hard! 
@hot30 do you have any jonas brothers tour news ? anything at all, please tweet back!!  xx
happy monday all my twitter friends!!  its almost may flowers!!!  bleh to waking up at 4 am
Reading facebook statuses and discovering I'm not the only one dragging his sorry white butt this morning. 
good morning miss (tucci) happy 420. just want to say when your not on twitter it's like a book without pages! have a smokin day!  xoxo
cracked open the first chapter of something old/new today  but now it's time for beddd! nite twitter
is loving this oh-so-gorgeous sunny morning..  have a great day twitter peeps 
@kasey79 lol it's ok....tweet dreams tweet ya tomorrow sometime 
@aravindajith : published your twitter birdy today  thanks for the submission !! http://sharebrain.info
is so happy that i can tweet tweet some fez head now  but still cant read the size 6 writing!!!hmmmmmm
Hey! I just want to say hi and thank you to all new followers that I got in the past few days! What's up? 
@babyrhysgear, im going to finally take the pics of the baby with her adventure gear on and hopefully get around to doing the blog today  
@dylancuthbert heh ok, just wanted to make sure after all the twitter shenanigans over the weekend 
@annyo84 anny, ask anne to check her email tomorrow morning k  n will leave u love on ur site 
booa noite :p moore tweets tomorrow 
@nick_carter don't get another ticket for tweeting and driving! 
200 followers by midnight, this sunday, and i'll leave a secret suprise on myspace! 
@lesley007 hey, a friend on my twitter reposted my follow friday, which included you  is there really time to stop and drink tea?
just got in from a big party!  bout get some beauty rest!  holla @ yall tomorrow twitter bugs! 
final belated follow friday- @howardlindzon -for his multiple personalities, all of which combined are all you need in the twitterverse 
drinking coke that laura 'slavely' (slave like) got for me, holdddd my cup bitch....tweet tweet 
@RobRodTX I'd send ur twitter tmi's to bobby bones if only I could understand them lol    ps it's past 2am so drive safely or else!
@whatcaitlindid long time no twitter  on monday if your not busy could you help me revise maths (as your such a good teacher and all) xoxo
@jwoodgate39 good luck today fella. Instead of the specs, mime sending a tweet with a mobile if you get the chance to celebrate 
@jacqueline47 http://twitpic.com/4e7ek - what more could a young'un want on a warm day.lol 
last tweet for about 5 or 6 hours, going to my SATs. yet again, wish me luck, i wanna get into a good college 
@KatrinaValera that is normal 4 the creative  we work best late @ nite/early morning where we can hear our thoughts &amp; not get distracted
morning tweets...  lets have a great saturday     all betters at the derby, hope you win!
whenever i try typing twitter into the adress bar thing i type it wrong and end up on this site that sells t-shirts... 
@iamdiddy diddy you are a fool for this video!!! this made my morning 
ok...this is my first tweet!   the only problem is that I am an eagle...eagles dont tweet 
listening to norah jones and sam cooke this morning. starting my day off nice and easy. hello, world... 
@MariahCarey i think it was a magazine interview and you said that. thats a nice way to end a special 'festive' night  when r u cont
@tommcfly today its fletcher day on twitter 
what a fucking morning  i am very happy and need to make brekkie at 1.45p.. woops
@connoraa hahaha aww ur well adorablee :p ill save you from the scaryness sorry for late reply hiptop died have a good night!  x
got thanked in a tweet by eric victorino aka a musical god. can my saturday have gotten any cooler of a start?! 
@RachelMcAdams_ hi. ur awesome. thx 4 all the cool tweets.  *luv n hugs*
@BananaSiana Haha yey!! ps. i sent you a message on facebook with birthday ideas 
can't believe I got carded last night... and on my birthday too haha   thanks everyone for all the bday wishes... xox! #fb
@jeffreecuntstar i absolutely love your photos and your music  ur myspace will be my playlist today  ure my new fav person,@ least4 2day
oh and my 1000th tweet goes to @WYLMITE705 heres to our jonas summer  &amp; our future 
@missgiggly not so glamorous 2day!but peeping in on ur tweets makes it a bit better 
@superwomanAK u joint twitter lik 4days ago n u only made lik 40 tweets. ur NOT a twitaddict. u gotta make minimum 1000 tweets 2b dat  k
@audaciousgloop so whats the best venue for auck tweetup then 
@csijourn hey ma'am. it's been a long time.  guess i'm still going to here some updates from csi via twitter huh? ;) takecare. ?
@earlybird44 thx 
morning everyone  http://tinyurl.com/cf2nbo
@celticknot56 a lot of us are in the chat fyi 
@johnleach the new tyoc project is trying to do something useful extracting url's from twitter - setfire sam kicked that off yesterday 
@mz_rreze mahahahah!! omg!! u r so funny  haha, btw, thnx for yesterday...you are an amazing friend  see ya tomorrow
 gooooood morning my twitter friends!  Have a nice sunday
@YasminHughes no she dnt..she was tryna ring you yday night on your house phone tho 
@cimota can't help there...these days I'm too lazy even for engadget etc, I just wait for a twitter buzz or the apple store to go down 
omg friday night was great. chester was pretty cool today. me and danii on that ride lmao :'] shit load of new photos on myspace 
@senorita87 sunny day hiihii!! i'm doiing a new blog  http://tinyurl.com/ce34vn  please leave comments  thanks bianca
ok so had a good night sleep  maybe this twitter thing isnt so confusing now...lol
leaving for bamboozle... this rain needs to not be in jersey when i get there!! ok, bye twitter world - friends call me if you need me 
Oops, i thought that tweet was from last night 
happy sunday to all tweets   
draft for new site sent - so now the waiting game! cool new tunes on here though  http://www.myspace.com/dollshouse check em out 
oh-no! i got to go. bye, twitter. see you tom. 
9 new followers since i've been on 7:25A.M-now 8:00 in the mornin  ; thank you guy's sooooo much 
good morning!  doing last piece of hw, then hittin' up orfus with my mommy again!! shopping ;)
@Minicooperr facebook or myspace chat tonight or something??  comment me to let me know your on whichever, then I'll come online 
@BarabrellaPsych do u reaise how much i have just laughed with ur status from last night!!!!!  xxxx
@joshtastic1 peachy keen.thanx stop bullying @nuttychris thats @nessie111 &amp; @ComedyQueen job as his twitter sisters.lol haha 
naptime.  thanx to all of my followers--i just hit 300 today!!!  thank you for being a part of my tweet fam.  
aight. i'm out. lots to do tomoro. which is today. dangit.  keep it tweet tweeps 
what a horrible day...turning it upside down tonight..i deserve dinner  smillleeeezzz ilm. ilm. ilm.
going to sleep in this dungeon . goodnight twitter whores 
i'ma take a quick nap.....buh bye twitter world.... 
corey.. I  promise this is the last twitter... I'm so tired. Looong, but good day chillin with a few of my best. 
@mimibadass i added u on myspace cutie   hopefully u dont curse anyone out on twitter tonight 
just finished setting up my linkedin account.  good nite...well...good morning.
@thesansinator aaw its okay! at least you're going to san fran and new york!! lucky you!! sent you pala some trip ideas on facebook. 
@thesickchick - did I tell u your kitty is adorable? saw the pic on ur blog 
nah just sleeping rox  night my tweeting peps .......................peace
ohh. i didnt double tweet a while ago, did i? now i did. 
yeye! let's tweet again tomorrow, honey 
@atlteabagged ur not blind  i was just browsing &amp; saw ur tweet &amp; figured i could answer ur query plus i wanted to know too
@JonathanRKnight without ur tweets i feel lost hit me with something 
@Echarlotte hi on twitter!!!LOL..i don't use it very much. its confusing sometimes. but yay!!!7 more days bubble!!!eeek  xx
my n95 hacked  no signing needed.. thx OPDA
pacquiao fight was fun at home wif fam and melissa sat.    today was a mission to ikea. srsly 4 different freeways to ge to burbank.
good morning twitter-ers  rise and shine,, just on my way to school
its really incredibly gross outside, so im hoping to get alot done int he house today!  including pics on the blog! morning friends! 
@keza34 ok babe gotta go back to work, tweet you later 
Just talked to donald faison about next day air. He doesn't understand twitter. And he loves cacee cobb 
haiszt.. im here in the office doing nothing but tweet haha! fun! 
gasp-- 10 followers! i feel almost famous. i used to think i would be famous when i grew up one day LOL. oh well, cheers to norm peeps! 
looking at all my old myspace status' oh mann. Skyrockets in flight! afternoon delight! AAAAAAAAfternoon delight! 
@aliceqfoodie Wow, you mom has a lot of energy. I'm getting tired just reading your tweet and ur living it. 
tired as hell!!!! bed time from cara  nighty night twitter world..
too much sulking over being single going on tonight on tumblr - gru3some: I am here to save the day.  http://tumblr.com/xd51qx88b
@ItStartsWithUs hey!  sorry for the late reply.but i do plan on posting on both facebook and twitpic.
okay im happy again  i watched the second episode of jonas on youtube. i think tomorrow my family is going to olive garden for mothers day
btw. ear is getting better! its about time! finally - i say goodnight twitter world, (even though y'all are already asleep). xoxo 
night twitter lovelies. happy yo momma day. i luff you mummy 
http://twitter.com/cruisemaniac/statuses/1752876129 &quot;@Shadez requires python...  but yeah, as i tweeted yesterday, dont install 1.9.4. ...
i'm goin to bed now. see ya tomorrow twitter ppl. 
ok twitter fam.. my mom has plans for tmrw that dont include me  but i still have errands to run in the early morn, so nighty nite all 
dang ya'll mothers day already. goodnight twitter world. i start shooting monday. 
I have a cam sesh lined up tomorrow with my c4s winner  ill post screen shots in my lj. Friends only unless you convince me otherwise.
@kutski brill  i'll try and keep an eye on twitter, didn't help yesterday, ran outta battery right when i needed it.
@Galaxykaren hiyahh karen always listnin to the show on a morning , tweet backk 
i'm awake, too early for my liking on a sunday...but i'm looking at my pictures  last night was bloody awesome, there are no words...
ok peeps have good morning I'm going to bed   @ClickedApps hit me up later 
omg.. srry guys i'm not 2 focused this morning but.. some ppl have been askin questions bout me on direct msg's n such so ima answer them 
thinks delta is gorgeous by sending us msgs thru brians page!  love ya delts, cnt w8 for u to become a tweeter haha! night all xoxo.
@catiams hahaha. good glad to hear, you enjoyed your pictures ? yeh my days were great hehe  missed you loads! xx
@jennifalconer morning sunshine!  here's the pic i took last night  http://i39.tinypic.com/2yo1p1t.jpg look lovely  http://twitter ...
yesterday gig was fuckin awesome!!!!!! thx to just scream community 
@rachelaziani thx for following !!! happy milf's day !!  xoxo's from italy 
@DylanCo  haah oh yeeah we deffo are  tweet tweet.. happy mothers-day to all the mommys out there! xx
Enjoying a somewhat non-eventful day, and elated that my hubby has joined twitter  love you babe!!! xx
@britneyspears make a tour dvd please  happy mother's day
@RaquelRSanchez thanx you're hella early... like a month early....but thanx babe 
vj... you punk  i wish i could do the @replies on the berry. but oh well. lazy sunday should get it's own week.
nighty-night! sleeping...zzzzz...new tweets tomorrow! 
had a really goood weekend. night twitter world. 
@arifirrr ill send you a link in the morning  ur missed too! hows ur face? you okay?
Working on the rome movie...which is due in a week hahahaha! Never to be said, MJBC has left twitter for the night! 
Once again I'v stayed up way 2 L8! I'v got 2 stop doing this Lol! It's suckin the good right outta me! Time 2 sleep! G'nite fellow Tweeps 
@mayhemstudios fine dude  8am here  just starting the mornin with a coffe and some random internet 
@popgloss - Didn't have one thing to say all day via twitter, that is until you linked up that pic; Hawwt!  ? (http://pic.gd/d20 )
Usually im a night owl...whats up with this zonked by 12 crappola? Gnight my fellow tweeps 
@DonnieWahlberg I had no intention of writing a blog entry tonight till ur twitters earlier got me thinking &amp; so, of course, got 2 typing 
ok ok tweet peeps goodnight 4real...tomorrow i will start my workout...stay healthy guys 
sleep comes for us all. goodnight twitter-land! (for the late night folks, here's some new photos http://is.gd/nBJr) 
@jeremyangel oh cool!  follow friday is an exciting day, to see if you get any new followers  
@donutpower yo mang...sorry no reply on the email front. ill get onto it this weekend! 
good morning twitter-ers 
Anyone interesting for complimentary tasting (with 10 different wineries) this sunday, 17th, send us a message!  
good afternoon! @fbrahimi  @Saorsa nice to hear u! + thx thx thx 2 @Suzed @samodiva!! @ligz my man + @DownLow... ? http://blip.fm/~693f6
today is my bff Nichys bday yay she's finally 18 woot woot lol 
@ubuntugeeks cool! its pretty smart! wen some one tweets a pic with twitpic it opens in DestryTwitter rather than browser! 
@aplusk @mrskutcher Thanks for the great night, guys. That was a blast to watch. 
heh, first time i used the google-send-mail-cancel feature. nice  ... wonder how often &quot;google&quot; gets mentioned per day
wow, getting a tad sleepy so ima hit the head  night twitter babes x
@trent_reznor In case you were wondering, at this moment you are 50 followers away from 1/2 million. Congrats! 
@Waterclone I put you in my followatwick thursday tweet! 
Relient k is a really good band  go listen to 'give until there's nothing left'! - http://tweet.sg
just joined twitter because of @aplusk - thank you ashton for keeping the fun in life  xo to you and the mrs 
@PRsarahevans I've been meaning 2 ask u, does ur hubby do social media? What r his thoughts on how influential you've become? 
@moomettesgram I don't really &quot;plan&quot; a last tweet of the night, hence the reason I don't feed my tweet stream to facebook 
jersey til tuesday!! holla at me my twitters!! 
to all lambs in twitterland: the lamb fam phone chat will start a lil late tonight. I will be posting the info and number shortly. 
@jonas_bros_fans oh yeah  and jb's are in night at the museum 2?! yaaaay!!!!
@MattTan  too bad. i've already told her since the day you follow me on twitter! don't forget that we're sisters. we share everything hee.
I looooove myself some sportscenter 
@willettemonique production lounge in bk lol  u get my last myspace message?
Correction. Driving my family car cos my parents allowed him to  - http://tweet.sg
okai is really going to sleep this time....tired as shit &amp; have to get up for church in the morning.....sweet dreams &amp; say ur prayers 
@ginoboi And please greet my friend Rhemar Encencio who's celebrating his bday today.I'll check your blog &amp; resend my contest entry later 
@trixstaaa http://twitpic.com/5c1kp - yay hope you girlies are having fun tonight 
@DrDeClutter okies! thnx 4 tht..hope u enjoy reading it n let me knw ur comments! Have a rocking sunday 
@MianneBagger ok. I seriously wld luv 2 do it though, &amp; wld even do it 4 nxt 2 nix just 4 experience. Wld luv the chance 1 day 
hello hello hello. good morning, happy sunday! 
Who's looking forward to a day of revisionnn?  Not me  http://tinyurl.com/p2r4rj
redid my whole myspace! myspace.com/chriscallstheshots  oh if we arent friends on ms, add me!!  time for bed! night yall!
Its past 3 in the morning so I'm going to bed goodnight all my twitter-bugs sleep well 
the concert was great yesterday. we had so much fun  thanx to everyone who came! 
@tommcfly @gfalcone601 - its gettin to stage now were first thing i do in morning is check ur tweets! thanks for always entertaining  xx
100 followers!! *throws streamers* i think this is also my cue to leave twitter for the night  goodnight &lt;3 -s
@Nessafknvicious sry about last night... i couldnt figure this shit out 
@sammi_jade im in the club.got the follow frm wossy   .. send the tweet again.he miightv missed it .xxx
@nicxo yeah I saw the tweet before it went lol angels and demons it is then!! 
@REGYATES heres the pic i sent in yesterday http://www.twitpic.com/5aira please get mcfly to say hey to katie and becky, luv u forever ha 
wow..didnt tweet much today. btw..hepi berfday, @trineeE! hope im not too late. 
Just home from Cliiitus' gaf(aah hate tht word) . Harriers was pretttty good ! It was a foam 1 , got destroyed ! Girls night 
@BookLoveHer I'm pretty good.. diggin your morning tweets so far!  ...always a pleasure to read... you have any good books I need to buy
@TheShugg of course! I look forward to waking up to hear yourplaylist hehe  have a awesome rest of the weekend babe xo
@kd0bik not great this morning... got a stomach bug and was sick.... but doing better now, just laying in bed reading tweets! 
sooo my bday is 2morrow ..woot woot! But imma celebrate today.. it shld b fun yehhhhhhhhyeahhh 
sorry i've been out all weekend so far!  http://tinyurl.com/pq8o2j
you having so many twitters from me haha this is very last one. have a very awesome day! - amanda  ps: sorry again! 
@YaraQ8 this is a happy day... 4 women made it into parlimant plus u r finally on twitter  im soooo hapy
So happy for my mum! She won a holiday package for her guts today!  - http://tweet.sg
@pepperlive...must have been a gnarly ny show....no tweets from you guys this morning  hahaha....have a blasty blast tongiht 
@ShyamMehta heyy..sorry i missed d yr tweet &amp;so late response .. sure ,sure ..let us know ,whenever you are in town will hv tweetup 
@reese well if YOU like it, I'll at least give it a try  got the rss by email too. What a swell day so far!
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
My friends made me join twitter.. so here i am  hows everyones day so far?
whatz goin on 2day twitter pplz 
@xRawrx0x oh..its okay. im just eating lunch here..while twitting and replying some random comments and messages. hbu? 
@BlackCaterina hehe you're really kind  well just give everyone u know the link to our myspace/youtube stuff. thx thx thx!!!
@Porfix I will be up all night to read ur tweets while i am at work 
g-night everyone  going to bed!! xoxo- no school tmrw! it's a holiday!!
oh! Did i mention i LOVE heavy rain? So long as there's no lightning&amp;thunder  just like this morning. weee!! - http://tweet.sg
guess my gf just fell asleep lol oh well night twitter 
Night world! Dats enuff booze in me 4 one weekend, thank gotti I'm off mondayz!  haha
thats odd...hearing good news 1st thing monday morning.hmmm, life is fair sumtimes 
been a min sorry bout that twiitFAM  hot as hillS N valley wnt 2 blk grad today *congrats* 5 quake jumpD 2day had a few earlier thS we ...
@alaksir thanks  but twitter is such a distraction haha.. o ya, sudah bawa tumbler blm ke starbucks? hehe. hr ini last day promo..
@ddlovato its funny they inspired u @ 4 in the mornin 2 tweet lmao0o 
says good afternoon. checking emails and stats  http://plurk.com/p/ui7wn
@beliveinmagic LOL, haha. hello katyy, liking twitter?  see you tomorrow!
any of my tweeps from dallas  i was just there this weekend 
I'm sleeping but i wake up on the night and said: oh my god i need see twitter, and sleep again   haha
oh tweeps! what a beautiful misty morning it is. there is no life, there is no death. only now...leap, and weave your own damn parachute 
morninggg!  off to get myself an education, or something like that ;) ethan babyys laters &lt;3  tweeet tweet bbydolls.
@jay_ell_bird i m well  just a lil tired from a long day's work! though i just did a post for my blog 
@deililly @Andyqsmith @ikki_oo cheers for the help! love twitter! am going to give 7-zip a try as it's open source 
Is sitting in the lunch room on scarlet's iphone  me and scarlet love twitter ;).
going to be live blogging the #freshnet session over here -  http://twurl.nl/ynxqkj - hit refresh every now &amp; again 
@back_nine awesome  we've got some dodgy garage recordings up on our fb fan page http://tinyurl.com/qk9owp...let me know what you think
And remember always stop for regular tweet breaks itll help with ya mind !! ha  @mmbopidy
i'll take my break on twitter cuz i'm going to watch &quot;Only You&quot; 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - morning guy 
uh i'm so borin, watch my blogspot www.liizuuu.blogspot.com ong follow me there 
@KhloeKardashian reading your tweets always makes me so amped to get home and work out! 
@pattidigh boy, ain't that the truth. see it every day in my twitter stream.  (not to mention the workplace.)  
photoshop'ping'     always takes hours to complete some siggys/avatars/wallpapers!!!!! morning til night omg!
@DLBurdo ha ha, banana tweet day 
@sumrheat they were probably loaded for his b-day!!  i see some tweets so, they're alive   ddub is sick.........hahahahaha
day started right with calaloo, saltfish, banana, yam, dumplin and sweet potato mmmmmmmmmmm  wats up twitter!
I am posting a notice to my blog, its a poem written by my sister to me a few yrs ago, enjoy &amp; remember whats impt  http://bit.ly/H1xZg
morning tweets!! just finished giving the kiddos some breakfast now their climbing all over me!! lol im only one person guys 
@aussieninja Just wanted to say good evening and could you dm me your skype info? I'd like to chat with you tonight. 
hay didn't accomplish a single thing too busy checking all d pics &amp; listening to 60's song.might as well wake up early tomorrow.nyt world 
last two tweets in normal peoples language closley translates to: goodnight everyone, im going to bed now  see you in the morning  xxx
Morning Tweeters...busy morning ttyl 
happy monday twitter ppl. hope u all have an awesome week 
hello twitter friend, good morning 
@isla_fisher I hope you had a fantastic weekend. We all missed you on twitter as always and hope everything is good  x
@yiannig and @lucyblair I miss our morning chats, they were so random and awesome  http://www.vimeo.com/928251
I started with the tweets without saying good morning!!! hehehe... I wish you all have a kickass week 
as &quot;promised&quot; yesterday, here's a collage pic of the injuries I acquired yesterday playing street hockey  http://twitpic.com/5feas
@kennybigcat hahaha it was the @britbustour which pulled up outside to promote the gig tongiht! check out the photos on their twitter . 
@jasmine98diva hello there cuzzo wuzzo  follow me kay? luv ya! talk to you soon!!! i have a twitter too! how weird lol
@aplusk Thanks for the sunscreen video I forgot too! It made my night! 
Morning twitterers aha its nice day! well so far....dont jinx it leah 
@jamie_oliver good morning, great tweets last night, I hope Dexters bowels have recovered 
lets all make @andyclemmensen a trending topic  so put #andyclemmensen as may times as possible in every twitter and i will &lt;3 U 4eva xoxo
@ccmatthews statuses lol. omg its so early there XD. its 12.30 during tge day here 
@tommcfly hey tom! guess what? I won you on twitter how do you fell uuh? xD just kidding, mi update number 1000 is to you  love ya mate 
@saritaonline about 10 of us, haha, i'm not waving cuz i have not know u on twitter  maybe we can have next event at your vanue 
I'm a bus person today. I'm so cool. Lol!  - http://tweet.sg
Just got my twitter acc. I like it  But i dont have to much to tell at the moment as I am at home lying in my bed 
# wkend starts today get in  my twit mates i luv you hope you enjoy your wkend as well  x x
@RichieInLondon nice tom tweet you 
@amypalko hi how r u? - talking to @simplehunter in pub last nite who met u at tweetup - I must come to one of these events since I twit 
SOMEONE TEACH ME!!! how do i use twitter from my blackberry i want to do &quot;twitterberry&quot; but don't know how! help  xx
hello  im very bored and twitter is allowed in my school so i will use it for the time being  xx
Not to advertise. But www.funzsquare.com is my fav game shop. They are honest.  - http://tweet.sg
@1jaredPADALECKI hey jared great to have you on twitter you've made my day 
glad home n away was on 4 n hour tonight coz it wasnt on lst nite grr..just had the best home made garlic bread yummmyy  wats doin tweets?
@lilianavonk i suggest a lozenger 4that dictionary uv swallowed  theres something V engaging about reading tweets&amp;feeling word deprived 
at home watching movies with mummy. so exited for tomozoos events  so exiting! thank god its friday *sigh*
@lynn_wabbit havnt seen u on my list of tweets for a while  hard week?
HOME! right. 2 things to do. 1 essay 2 have movie night with mum. im off to write my essay with no distractions lol, ill tweet afterwards 
hmm...just sitting here waiting for school to start...haha my life isn't even exciting enuf for twitter lol 
@bkbruce106 heya bk - awesome start! but add some bio and some @msgs and watch those followers roll in!  http://tweetflirt.net
good morning @daheavyhitter !!!!!!  ima get off of here so i dont have to hear ya mouth! lol...just had to do my early morning shoutouts!
On my way to the airport guys ....... O yea good morning tweet fam 
Everyone's gotta make a mobile-twitter &quot;reply&quot; mistake at least once.  Up and early getting ready for a long weekend of @eastcoastyouth
o-m-g, two of the most b@being'est b@be's came into maccas tonight,  it was a lovley change, all in half an hour. haha, im bored, tweet me
night guyss..... actually a favour... can u all wish for me that i could marry dougie...... pleeeeeeeeeeeease  thank u!!!!!! luv u lot! xx
goodmorning twitter world  getting a phone today. thank the lord. i was dying last night knowing that i was receiving certain texts from
wow am really happy that adam lambert is still in the trending topics after 2 days 
guess who wont be able to twitter this weekend cuz they'll be too busy maxin and relaxin?! On 2nd thought, I am bringing my laptop... 
i made a promise: if my brother could score a hundred on my &quot;how well do you know me&quot; quiz on facebook, i'll cook him an omelet tomorrow 
Off to do some more homework now, and then off to work -.= don't wanna go -.= but I have to... I'll be back around 10 pm... later Tweets 
@JLMousseau he was actually running around over my shoes getting his morning x-r-zize while I was taking that.  He's my lil' buddy
@KSBong - long time no tweet !!!  ...... still copping shit from ur do good-er fans ;) ..
@bobbyllew am new to followin you but so far highly impressed  have been enjoying your carpool videos all day . just sayin hi 
twitter has officially made my day! u ppl r so interesting!  love u guys!
GOODMORNING twttr peoples hope everyone has a gr8 day &amp; enjoys the sun hehe omg so glad it's friday yeahhhhhh hehe sleeping in 2morrow 
@waxyjax I totally ignored joel last night.  ha.  Such fun!  
@Shawnieceqb until next thursday! But we might give ya a extra week 4 holdin us down on twitter! 
i'm not going to sleep tonight. haha - back to my nocturnal self.  http://tumblr.com/xgp1ud8r8
will signout at twitter  gud evening everyone!
good morning  it's #followfriday! @afinefrenzy, @tfln and @mkald (because she's a twitter virgin)
@TroyStith a bit of a lazy friday so far but accomplished a bit, met some new twitter peeps,pretty nice so far  preparing for the weekend!
DBkoerner I know, you're just jealous. You should go look at the pic of this morning on facebook. 
haha- hey syd mine is candidcamer. yep going out of town  miss yal and check email!
follow friday? i suggest @TheRockstarMama and @LuluBee03 funniest women on twitter. also, @cappriottisjason for yummyness 
@sixstepsrecords i'm still holding out hope that one day, louie will begin twittering. 
ok need to get away from my laptop..tweet yall later 
@nthomas81  ahhh yesss!!  its been too long.  there are epic updates waiting for you and im still waiting for yours!  
goodnight twittville...not feeling to welll...hope i feel much better n da morning...luv u all muah 
@justinamaria hehe, that's on at my place too, perfect for catching up on emails 
twitter at school ftw. meeting afterwards so ill be home at 5 
not n the mood 2 wrk. so tired. exhausted frm wrkn this past week. :/ gotta finish gettn ready. bbak on later. xoxo follow @BrittanyASnow 
tired as hell. goodnight skypers and tweeters   chicago in the morning
If you have pictures from last weekend,tell me on myspace  hahaha
Phone's getting cut off tonight so you guys won't have to deal with my lame twitter for a while lol  night
good night my tweet peeps! im going to finsh fun with dick and jane! its so funny! ill get on tommrow!  jus txt me!
-dance- why do we fall? So we can pick ourselves back up!  the taste of your lips is so divine&lt;3 goodnight twitter world
ohh, that angel game wore me out! bed time  funeral tomorrow |: text me. http://twitpic.com/61grt
@JAsunshine1011 u crazy i sent a big good morning out to my tweet fam... 
off to sleep!!! bye twitter world!! til then! 
w'ford tomorrow with sis. singin' the national anthem, holla! goodnight, fellow twitter-ers 
cant wiat till my 100th update on twitter...this makes my 93 so far!  im gonna celebrate with a twitter-athon(twitter'n all day non stop!)
well, i'm tired and i have a super long day ahead of me tomorrow. going to bed, and turning off the phone.  tweet love to all&lt;3 g'night!!!
i've decided i'm not gonna tweet for the next two day. this should be interesting. let's see if i can do it 
Six flags tomorrow. If youre lucky ill tweet for you 
@paulboth sweet training schedule! thanx 4 sharing w/ us other tweeps 
Night twitter world. I absolutely have no idea what to wear tomorrow but it's alright i'll wing it in the morn. 
@peqs well I'm still out for the night but hooray for an iPhone with twitter 
@Stevevalentine sleep well 2nite luv &amp; have a good day 2morrow b safe smile &amp; have fun I love u with all my heart &amp; soul good nite luv. 
super excited about celebrity wedding tomorrow,will post pics on my blog soonest 
waiting for my man to come home. then knocking out cuz i work tomorrow from 8-4. good nite twitter ppl.   
Going to bed luvs. If u have any idea wat time the vfc show ends tonorrow plz twitter me or if u no details  plz thanx
since i wont be twitterin til next week...wow twitter overload 
fricken amazing night. i love my life  i miss my roger.
seems a nice day outside  my son seems better and for now i'm ok new playlist is almost 4 iphone is almost ready
i just noticed most of my tweets have to do with food.. and the playoffs. hahahaha. tmrw shall be fun. my throat feels somewhat better. 
prayin' to wake up to a few sales tomorrow morning! www.stuffbykate.etsy.com  check it out tweeters 
@tahitianmom moving this weekend bought my sectional today!! So excited thank you so muc for the tbl mama your sons cooking dinn for moi 
ok, I think I am all twitterd out! twitter @ ya all tomorrow!!!  have a great night!
hey guys im trying to get a group together for highlands tomorrow, i have put an event on facebook so let me know.  or txt me. 
goodnight twitter bugs  today was lovely.
@GuyKawasaki I just started to be your fan this morning  you've got some awesome posts!
2 weeks on tweeter  .lmao
am following my first south africa based twitter acc (its a big deal for me @getclosure..now to figure out what its about 
It seems like most of my twitter fam has taken the night off. I don't feel bad for clocking in late afterall! 
goooood morning twitter  i iz up &amp; atom. good mood today, tidy up a bit and make the flatmates a fry up  mmmm!
......As my last tweet of the day, &amp; for my 800th tweet, I leave you this! (I enjoy the upbeat part)  Goodnit... ? http://blip.fm/~78wr2
goodnight twitter world!! its been a day of highs and lows.. oh my. But anywho, GRATS MIM, twas a great episode 
