Most common words for this cluster:
[('twitter', 2065), ('i', 173), ('quot', 127), ('http', 90), ('people', 85), ('today', 80), ('time', 76), ('day', 76), ('com', 74), ('sorry', 71), ('lol', 67), ('oh', 63)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Twitter', 0.8852192759513855), (u'twitter', 0.8333237767219543), (u'Tweet', 0.7613443732261658), (u'tweet', 0.738329291343689), (u'Follow_I4U_News', 0.7266992330551147), (u'Follow_@_freakonomics', 0.7183519601821899), (u'Tweets', 0.7140594720840454), (u'Follow_ILW.COM', 0.7122441530227661), (u'Follow_@_boomskie', 0.7112553119659424), (u'Patience_grasshopper_Bogut', 0.7108120918273926)]





Morning folks 7.00 am ..yawn! Up &amp; away to see to horses - hope Twitter is better behaved today!  Last night was a travesty 
Why isn't there a &quot;fake&quot; Verruca on Twitter?... Now i'm sad. 
Bit lonely on here - don't seem to have many friends who actually use Twitter!    Oh well...
http://twitpic.com/2y7bg - This is Ashley from Kick's afternoon show. He's not impressed with the Twitter 
@StevenGhysel That seems to be a problem with Twitter's timestamps. Not much we can do about it 
@mikefoong Too troublesome to have two Twitter accounts. 
Call me retarded...but i just figured out how to see my @ replies on here...my Twitter game is not on point 
Morning followers! Finally changed my Twitter name...only a day after I originally said I would Haha. Can't film today.  Will try tomorrow
@betahaus You really should put your website URL on your Twitter profile. Took me a while to find it. 
@Schofe Darn! I missed the Twitter man!  Is there anywhere online I could watch it Phil? What was his deal?
@MariahHBF &quot;I check my Twitter every second&quot;Aw,no tweets today?  Oh well, I do have a life besides Twitter*crosses fingers behind back* ;)
Twitter is not working very well for me... and Marc Faber over dinner is exahusting fare... 
 Twitter is over capacity. Too many tweets! Please wait a moment and try again.
&quot;Twitter Status: Bad Gateway Twitter is down&quot; 
@maerdred LOL! Okay, I'll buy that. And yeah...between BA &amp; Twitter...I am so weak. 
Stupid Twitter keeps telling me that it's 'over capacity' 
Didn't know that Twitter screen names had to be that short....EnglishSenseiCafe didn't quit fit 
WEEEEEEE! Goin' on a road trip! Mommy says I have to get off Twitter for a while     C'ya on the road!  We'll take our puter.
TWIT HELP: How do I remove Twitter column from Tweet Deck. I set it to stay signed in, it's not budging and i dont want it there anymore 
I'm feeling groggy, sore, and a little sick. Good morning  haha! What's the word, Twitter? 
Well, activated my Facebook account again... felt lonely 
After the Ashton interview I tried to explain Tweeting to my wife last night. She said uh huh, that is nice dear. 
@_alka re: &quot;what is going on with my profile!? hacked!&quot; ..yes   add @Twitter_Tips to get twitter related info. very heplful follow
Wants to be followed by the King of Twitter 
Well!  It's about darn time, Dallas!  Welcome to my Twitter.  I have more disciples than Jesus had!  Course, I lost one today I see... 
@rocsidiaz done. Is Fantasia really on Twitter? Noticed she sent you a message, but she has no followers. I will add her it it's her 
@Marwood Looks like Kate and Gin have left Twitter 
Apparently Twitter is experiencing some delays - my text tweets are showing up like an hour after I send them.   Sad panda.
Just Joined Twitter!! Sooo Confused!! 
@luke88addis wow you filled my whole page up with @aplusk Is The Twitter King! Now i'm having to go searching for tweets 
Needs a twitter tutorial.. 
Brand new to Twitter... Sadly, I don't know anyone. 
Grr, I don't think my phone can handle Twitter.    Its an old Samsung flip phone, standard txt msg, no internet, dino-tech.  lol
I feel bad for asking,who were the hot blondes I met on the XRCO red carpet that told me we know each other on Twitter? Names escape me 
Ugh! None of my friends want to get on Twitter.  At least I can keep up with my Twilight peeps. Yay! You guys are awesome!
Okay, Twitter's having a major malfunction for me. No following, no the profile. I'm pretty bummed right now.  *Twit-tear
@haleycrain I'm up and on Twitter at four AM in D.C.... I think I have a problem. 
Did Twitter temporarily disable editing whos tweets go to your mobile? Currently, I can neither turn specific ppl on nor off 
Yep. Twitter is boring too. I wish I was hanging out with Billy... 
@MattBeesley No Twitter promocode giveaways? 
@JonnyPaula Oh dear, you've started auto-Facebook-updating-via-Twitter already 
@RomainTrillard Playing the Twitter speed-typing game at http://fast140.com - How fast can you type? &gt; not good score for me 
@zacharylang Also, for some reason when Digg short URLs are posted in Twitter I can't click on them. Have to copy/paste from tweetdeck 
@dannywood Hate I can't make any summer shows yet. None close by.   But so glad to see you on Twitter!
Dude everytime I check my Twitter pg, I have less followers then before 
Hi Twitter nation. I don't have a phone at this time 
@paintermommy It keeps telling me I need to use hex color format.  I didn't change the way I did it!   Boo, @Twitter
Ashton's @aplusk tweets aren't appearing in my Tweet Deck LOL Twitter at Capacity again.... 
Ashton's @aplusk tweets aren't appearing in my Tweet Deck LOL Twitter at Capacity again.... 
@aplusk Hey! They did a section of MalariaNoMore on BBC Breakfast News and they didn't even mention Twitter 
It comes to something when you notice your wife's shoes on Twitter, before you notice them on her feet. Ooops 
Hmm, not scoring much above 68wpm in the Twitter speed-typing game 
Looks KDE Twitter was causing the plasma problems I was having. Shame, now I need to find (yet) another twitter client 
Man, I want to talk to one of my idols on Twitter  Lucky rowan guy .
@Fionakw Hi Fiona, sorry to disappoint you but @sboyle_official is sadly a fake  We'll let you know if she joins Twitter!
@aritra_m There're some great Twitter apps for Mac. How much I miss my hackintosh installation. 
Morning Twitterverse! Getting myself ready for a long and rainy day, pretty crappy weather out there compared to the weekend! 
Checked out my Twitter Karma &amp; found 137 Followers who haven't updated in 3 or more months. I wonder if they are gone for good. Buh-bye 
Morning Twitter! - Not feeling too hot this morning  hopefully I can get through the first half of the day and then go home and sleep! ...
I can't stop thinking about what happened today  Anyway, I can't believe I caved and joined Twitter 
My last tweet was supposed to call the attention of @InMyPants, @High5Machine, and that Twitter Bacon Bot. Alas, only IMP caught it. 
Goodbye Twitter. No iPod coz it's in UPS packaging... so no in-college tweeting for me 
no time for Twitter this morning. Obscene amount of work to get through 
And twitter fox tooooo oh snap I'm such a Twitter Noob 
(@LaceyDanielle33) And twitter fox tooooo oh snap I'm such a Twitter Noob 
@FionaKyle What do you mean Twitter isn't real life?   Anyway she's stalking me, she's a bit obsessive like that. (lol, allegedly, etc)
A friend suggests that maybe if I don't tweet, I can head home earlier.  Ok, Twitter, our lovers' quarrel commences now  
Hey Mike...did you decide you didn't like Twitter?   
Slept like crap  Hanging out on Twitter now...
last day at Sugarscape towers today  Spencer has challenged Ashton to a Twitter race...ha! Good luck with that one!! Sun's out, YAY!!
Good morning Twitter world off to work 
I love how im getting my updates on time from everyone im following on my phone except for Jason's  Stupid Twitter! haha.
@melindamusil I don't particularly enjoy subbing   Did you like it?  What is this Uber Twitter thing?
Well I got my mac back. But Twitter's not the same  like I've been out of the twitterstream too long.
@toddsmithonline I'm working all morning      Chris might go if it's not too wet. He's not on Twitter yet, so you'll need to text.
@sweetcherrypop Sorry Twitter has blocked my ability to add. 
Sometimes I want to take Trinity and my computer and run away and never ever come back.  Oh, too much drama for Twitter.
Wow, I really need to keep using Twitter often. Why do I forget? 
@sturem Some of us aren't so lucky to be in Singapore  Welcome to Twitter
Darn, gotta go wash the dishes. B-but I was enjoying looking up Twitter Trends 
@randomvector Twitter doesn't work well on my mac, I can't DM you, I eez sorreez  Trip is stressy &amp; hasn't actually begun yet.
@Lozza237 Yerrp im sick   Everyone on Twitter is getting sick. We should make our own little club lol
People really need to stop tweeting about hershey tonight, it depresses me bc i cant go 
@kirstenin Can we be certain that is Mr Self? It's a recent development, but I've come across a worrying number of fakes on Twitter 
Why Won't Twitter Let Me Upload A Photo.. ? 
Sorry Ive been neglecting you Twitter Fam 
Quick Q: How come I have 28 followers on Twitter but I only have 12 followers on my blog?  LOL Please check out my beauty &amp; fashion blog!
Annoyed that Twitter won't acknowledge my mobile 
Yup, the Jonas Brothers are offically on the YouTube homepage. 
Got Twitter..   Only to follow colbert.
Surge is not working on AM  Maybe I should tell somebody other than Twitter.
Twitter isn't letting me follow any more people ... ARGH! 
@RealKidPoker You're in Wolverine?! Now I know I'm never gonna receive a Twitter reply or get to meet u during my Vegas trip this year. 
Saw a pretty girl in the park today. Sadly, a 5km Twitter search shows 0 results for 'cute boy in the park'. Guess she didn't like me.. 
Don't understand how this Twitter works... 
Really isn't getting the hang of Twitter  After you follow people can you Twitter them ? And how do I Twitter full-stop ? Help me people !
@xxmusicjunkie Twitter, if you think about it, is a LiveJournal in a way. You just don't have to write your life's story! Which sucks.. 
Is Twitter on a 'go slow' again?  I can only see MY messages 
Damage done. Sigh. You win this time Twitter 
Hmm, none of the AIR-based Twitter apps will run today. Second time that's happened. All throw the same error in the log 
@MP2003 My Internet is crap (Worst than Yesterday, and it can even go to Google! I Just go to Twitter Because of TwitterFox 
Twitter gets me so excited like hope and depression like yay i have a text and then its just a tweet! Meh!!!!  Lol
... Hello my toves! ( Twitter-loves) - hope everyone's days is going okay!  @lamborghinibow @lyricist_juice
@CHRIS_Daughtry Thats so sad to hear  Does he have Twitter?
@iamjonathancook My twitter hates you.  Your tweets don't show up on my...  Twitter thing.  Whatever you call that.  
@marcoandmavis I don't get this Twitter thing either. All I do is watch....no one answers me 
Dear Twitter, Robert hates you.... so no more twittering for  a long time. 
@ThisIsRobThomas Where are you tonite? Twitter is boring without you 
@Athena_goddess Aren't you gonna' say Hi on Twitter to me and JJJ...  
Cool, Twitter on Facebook! I'm tired! 
@samueltwitt1 http://twitpic.com/4j2ra We made you the number 2 trending topic, then Twitter decided to hate on you. Sad 
@OscarTheCat It's OK, Im back! File size was too big &amp; Twitter vanished me 
Ga bisa upload foto niii buat Twitter.. Padahal cuma 99 kb.. 
Sidenote Twitter Spam gone up  boourns, today 2 auto- at's from tag bots  laaaaaaame
@mjasono I was trying to text someone but accidentally sent it to Twitter instead. Crisis, I know. 
What?! Stupid Twitter thing 
Apparently I need to have a more interesting Twitter page...I seem to be losing follwers!  Hmmm....I have to think about this...
Arrggghh!! Wanted to change my Twitter handle... but @tantanu is taken 
Yeh, that last tweet was for @caz_smash ...damn you Twitter 
Have had 3 strange followers in a row - all blocked! Beware @CorinaO1980, @LindsayM1977 and @Taylor1976 last one suspended by Twitter. 
Oh no, another message pitching the Twitter Traffic Machine!! Anyone else get these too?  Such a putoff!! 
93 twitter follow emails in a few days... Guess Twitter spam is truly here 
@PJFoti Definitely, out of the 20 million or so people using Twitter I feel like 30% or so just use it to SPAM.. ahh 
@crystal Twitter replies past the first page are BROKEN for days, I click &quot;More&quot; and nothing happens. Not on Known Issues, help please? 
So happy...I've finally mastered Twitter! Was Loose Women on today...I missed it if it was 
@Twitter You should consider a report function in addition to block--so many spam followers 
Dear Twitter, I want that Sparks the Rescue/Valencia tour to come to me, but it probably won't 
kbye Twitter. See you in a bit I guess. 
Last night I had a million things I could have said on here, but had trouble accessing Twitter on my phone. Today, I got nothing... 
Just read all my tweets from start to finish. This was hands down the worst night ever. Hate so much. Sorry i vent on Twitter 24/7 
Twitter won't let me update by phone. Sad since our first Reds game of the season is tomorrow. 
I finally signed up for Twitter...took a bored night in NM on the way driving home to set it up 
Trying to find my friend on Twitter! Not having much luck  But i will find her lols! 
Twitter forgets everytime that I had minimized the Trending Topics module 
...and a big bag to take up as well as a rain coat. This is the bad part about having to places to live  Twitter Later  xxx
Twitter or maths...maths or twitter. I would love to say twitter but i dont think they do and exam in that! So maths revision it is 
@red_hawt Sorry hawtstuff, been busy with Nemo on my back (literally) all day..! I've been missing Twitter myself 
@ahmednaguib Maybe the bad people attacked her in her new account and she just gave up on Twitter altogether... Shame if so 
@Evaaaa_X Finally, you have Twitter!  I hate revising 
Bye Twitter-erz will be updating somewhere in the week..  wish me luck
I think I have the plague  Just stopped in to make sure Twitter is still alive and well.
@Jon_Aston Twitter is massacring DMs. I miss so many apparently 
So i've decided that my life consists of Youtube and Twitter. How sad 
By hell, who cares anyone - what an intellectual waste  Trending Topics is like at the bottom of the barrell  Poor Twitter! (12/05/09)
My Twitter stream hasn't updated in 40 minutes. Did I do something wrong? 
@neekbreek Same T_T Twitter is being dumb and keeping our love apart 
OMG!!! Twitter is fucked up 
Trying to avoid #Lost spoilers and still use Twitter is like trying to avoid raindrops in a hurricane. Pointless.  I'm 3 eps behind.
Yeah Twitter seems to be sketchy right now 
Should have stayed off Twitter! Completely forgot about apprentice 
@TFG1Podcast Hey Sweetie ... what's wrong??? My Twitter was broken 
@TheEllenShow How come your tweets haven't shown up in my Twitter for a while now? ( The last one was on March 15 
@McCainBlogette I apparently picked the worst day to send you msgs, what with all of the Twitter errors today... 
@AnalystAlterEgo Yeah, and Twitter being down and my internet not working makes it less fun. 
@Tellus That link takes me to your Twitter feed.  not to Soup.
Avoiding Twitter until @JasonCalacanis Lost spoilers get pushed down the page 
Is getting redi for work, Please can someone help me, I dont know how to use Twitter 
Rt @DeltaKnowledge: My Twitter stream is so quite. Like standing in a stadium with 1000s of people all silent  #fixreplies
@maikeru76 Today just hasn't been a good day. 2 Twitter down times then a flood of Cook/Archuleta fanboy tweets. 
Stupid Twitter doesn't like my pictures. o_O is NOT what i look like 
So we think Twitter turned off @replies because celebrities were getting spammed? Shows who's priority on there then! 
Okay, apparently can't read Twitter since so many of you commented on Lost from last night.  
Ok so it's called Twitter, yet there are no birds? I feel grossley mislead 
@crazygirlne and I don't tweet as much cuz the work computer is on EIS Twitter. So I only tweet once a day in am...  So sad
I'm at work. I really need to focus. Bye bye Twitter! 
Good Morning!!! I feel so outta the loop on Twitter! Frkn work won't let me Tweet so now I'm lost 
gosh!!! Im in on the Twitter world but I dont know how to work on this! Help! 
@shelisrael They want your eyes on their Twitter page or if you autofollow, on their tweets. Maybe you'll be interested &amp; buy.  Annoying.
Hello Twitters!!! What a rubbish, rainy and cold day we are having 
this convo proves that Twitter's option removal was a BAD idea 
@motley_sis I noticed that too. Grr Twitter! No luck on posts, though 
@MissKatiePrice Im gutted for you and Pete - I only signed up to Twitter so I could leave u a comment! Hope you are ok 
Seem to have hit a follow limit in Twitter, even though I'm not at 2000 people. Might have to unfollow some people 
My parents have discovered Twitter. Now I have to start censoring posts 
@katiemffer You never told me you got Twitter!!!  What's up with that?
@TheEllenShow You should call your Twitter prizes &quot;Tweet treats&quot;. I tried emailing you that but since I'm under the age of 80, I can't. 
@Emi_xoxo Mhm, Something happened yesterday which did freak me out, but can't explain Via Twitter 
@comcastcares @comcastbonnie   Hey Comcast, you are still blocking my Twitter email 
Um. Completely not understanding Twitter and why I can't send people longer messages! 
Argh! Litlle sister trying to chuck me off computer! Friends Cant be bothered with Twitter.      wa!
@LizHargreaves Hahaha. I should suggest ferry Twitter updates to my boss. He would either laugh or tell me to get to work.  
I'm a bad Tweeter.   I don't really have anything to Tweet about.  Maybe I should let my cat join Twitter.  She's way more interesting.
Thank god for Twitter via Text! I'd go insane with out uncle em 
@anamariecox My cats hate Twitter!! They feel ignored. 
@Jeryes I saw @amsiebee. I don't think she knows who I am. And/or doesn't know I'm following her on Twitter.  I'm such a n00b.
Just blocked a bunch of Twitter spammers... wtf?   Anyway, night all... more writing on Ed Psych will have to wait for tomorrow...  
is NEW to Twitter and having a problem uploading my picture!  
My Twitter profile is worth  $439 http://tweetvalue.com Sad! 
Twitter STILL not working on my computer. Wtf is going on?! My phone won't let me follow people... 
Twitter is broke I think! I'm not getting my new followers on my Blackberry.  Anyone else having issues getting new follower notices now?
Finally a new Tweet. Short week, but a lot of work. Efteling NWDI today, meeting tonight, workshops tomorrow. Garden at home on friday 
Oh and I got blocked by Tyrese cause I was laughing at him having Twitter sex last night.  
Twitter says my phone is broken. . . . Damn insomnia let me sleep all ready. . Please 
@pooda See??..Pooda gon make me Twitter depressed 
So far, I think I'm liking Twitterfon Pro. Hmmm. Damn, too many Twitter apps on my iPhone again 
Gah, I wish Twitter would block @asd123 already. It's ruining the #futuresummit stream (and the other trending streams) 
Doesn't have anyone she knows on Twitter  Who can I talk to?
Why - when I pose an uncomfortable question to businesses on Twitter do they just decide not to respond rather than engage? Very rude! 
@tytryone Every time you post something on Twitter, I'm reminded of how much I miss you... 
Just updated my Twitter app- it looks weird. Grrrr! Worst sleep last night- tossed &amp; turned. 
@graphiclunarkid Yeah, I logged onto Twitter to tell you that but got distracted by a phonecall. 
@mmangen - M doing fine! I haven't had much time to chat on Twitter.   Hubby is back for the summer &amp; tends to dominate my free time. 
@coldplay - Welcome to Twitter Guy! I miss you guys 
Rate Limited by Twitter 
Twitter is so boring these days. Guess I'll go on a followfrenzy but i really dont want everyones what-I-had-for-lunch tweets  #fixreplies
@anniehump it won't even open on my desktop   Stuck with cr*ppy Twitter
Why does Demetria always have huge life revelations via Twitter after I'm unconscious? I swear..it's like she doesn't want us to bond 
Maureen Dowd says &quot;Twitter is telegrams without the news.&quot; How about a columnist without original thoughts? Plagiarizing 207 characters! 
Being Forced to Use Twitter 
@UluvUY OMG Public Twitter, FTW. Hahaha. I miss Twitter and the interwebz. 
@xxLontexx Easy to say. Haha. Gaaah. You guys on Twitter that are out of school make me sad. I should just stay off Twitter 
I couldn't even watch Kris Allen win AI since everyone on Twitter spoiled it. 
Got Twitter! (Again...this is my third, I've had a problem with Twitter, did you guys?) Oh wait....I have no followers 
@badashley I just saw the tweet advising against iPhone update on Twitter. Yep, annoyingly I already  updated and now have advert hell 
I really should have figured Twitter would be worse than LJ when it comes to every bugger tweeting about which con they're at.  
Good morning  Twitter-bugs!!! hope erryone slept good.  Damn Im sore
Twitter will not upload my picture.  I have no identity.   I am just a faceless presence on twitter. Should I be on FacelessBook instead?
Bummer - my company blocked Twitter yesterday.....  
Awww shoot. Now my Twitter App DOES have ads. 
Twitter for business was great today...thanks Wayne. I havnt worked out how to put my photo in yet 
@jamie_oliver Hi Jamie, what is this #JamiesTwitchen malarky, I'm new to Twitter? 
I can't respond to any facebooks, emails, or texts other than Twitter text. Call me if you need me. I need a new iPhone 
@jessfaith Yes, I have been knee deep in a project &amp; no time for Twitter.  Weather status is cloudy, temps TBD. How's England today? You?
@JESSIMTV first dibs for tickets for Live with Lauren Show? They were all gone even b4 u announced it on Twitter! 
@caramelapples Twitter: We couldn't find anyone named joey_smirk92.  Nevermind.
@Adelein Twitter is boring without chatting    Got any ideas what we can chat about?
Out Of Twitter For 8 More Hours  Bye Twitterland
@Shawnsewcrazy Was able to upload when I first joined Twitter. No luck today, even using IE. 
Twitter direct messages broken?  Spent a lot of time choosing the words, &amp; they didn't even save.
Sorry to all who got an invite from me lastnight - I clicked something unintentionally that allowed Twitter to access my contact book 
@MicheleKerr , you don't even follow your own daughter on Twitter  Lame!  See you soon!
@chicodoodoo Hey Hugh! Great to see you on Twitter! I don't have it hooked up to my phone  I try to log in daily. How's it hanging?
aka....The Twitter Lunch Bunch:  Not home time yet bezow!!!  
Is Twitter fucked for anyone else? I can't reply to people! It's not letting me! Sorry all 
Nite Nite Twitter.........I'm off too bed at this early hour because I just can't seem to find something or somebody to do anything with 
Is Twitter giving out gold and platinum plaques? Twee.E.T or M.Tweet.V Awards perhaps? My Facebook fam has me on a milk carton. 
Can someone please tell me what cell phone does live streaming via Twitter? I sent back my 09 Sidekick cuz it doesn't. 
...is wondering when I last tweeted?  It has been a while, I have to confess - I have been Facebooking.  Sorry Twitter.  
Grrr, Twitter.  Why won't my default pic upload? I've tried diff pics, all day.  
What is &quot;Trending Topic?&quot; Twitter is confusing. 
@Chasapple Have you seen him posting here on Twitter? I hate to say it, but it go so bad I had to stop following him.  20 Tweets in 10 min
Cant log into regular Twitter. 
Salute To Veteran check in, phones off for a few hours  Twitter text updates are going to blow up my phone!
@sleepynikki @escribitionist Twt'ed twice, same long sentence begn w LhinHui. Somehow Twitter cut both times short after the panda's name 
doesn't know how to write to Trending Topics on Twitter 
WTF is with Twitter today? Grr! Links don't seem to be working at all now. 
I can't believe how busy I've been... Didn't even have time to goof off and read Twitter... 
@DanPatrick Thanks for all you do for SD 7 and for all conservatives. FYI, you're one of my FB friends but don't follow me on Twitter. 
@aplusk @mrskutcher Have you seen MILKSHAKES247 's tweets?  It's like Twitter TV has already started. 
Sorry Twitter really busy day. Couldn't even watch the game. 
Aright Twitter Fam... guess ima be outties.. gonna try n sleep off some of this horrible pain 
@Emsy Twitter's being mean w/ the pics lately! Stole mine for an entire day! 
Trending Topics on Twitter used to useful. Now they're just like middle schoolers passing around notes cause class is boring. 
Nevermind! Beyonce doesn't have a Twitter  Haha
@pntbtrkisses I agree with @Dog_Crazy it's not worth it - block them &amp; let Twitter police know about harrassment. 
Twitter seriously, SERIOUSLY dropped the ball here with my RoxieRavenclaw account. I'm so mad and sad about this. 
Oh my poop. Stupid Twitter won't let me put up a new picture. 
@PhilipHotchkiss Sorry, but I don't see a Twitter user named @TomClain 
@Cyhwuhx You look nothing like your Twitter avatar! 
Hmmm I am very stuck, I have uploaded a picture but it doesn't show up :S I urgently need serious Twitter help  lol
FINALLY-- Now I am me again.  I had to use internet explorer.  Firefox issues   Back to normal Tweeting.
I realised that many people are not interested in doing business on Twitter - they just want to be heard online  Nothing more
@AaronWarner I know, but I'm on Rogers and I'm pretty sure they don't have the same agreement with Twitter. 
@SportsDivaTiffy Hey, did his wife die? I am really confused. I hadn't been on his MySpace in a little while, but I just read his Twit. 
Twitter won't let me update online. My update box won't work. 
Twitter has spoiled all the fun. Frustratingly slow!!  couldnt even bid properly!
Ok. Over exagerrated. Twitter is not to bad.... I guess.  
Checking out Twitter Trying to find people I know....Unfortunately no one I know uses this website 
@biphenyl I hope you have someone to spell you so you can wander a bit! Man, I feel like signing off Twitter for a couple of days. 
is hitting the streets. 40 hours living with Lexington's homeless. No food...no bed...no problem. No Facebook or Twitter...  Pray for us.
Stupid Twitter - now I'm faceless ... 
Sorry everybody! Apparently Twitter isn't sending me my updates. 
Twitter has been foking up for me today arg!  1 and 1/2 hours of work till the weekend! Woooooo
@ReikoEoh I bet this would've been fixed if I could've called up @Twitter on the phone and explain this whole situation. Jeez. 
God damn you Twitter!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stop eating my undeleted DMs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Uggh everything, I'm sending you!!! I keep sending it to my Twitter. So I have to forward it to you!!! I suck at life 
Ok.....Twitter is not near as exciting as I thought it would be!  
@1045CHUMFM Oh ok,Thanks.Dont know where the courthouse id either,I'll learn though.Any nkotb? Twitter stole my pic again  it hates me
WTF? Twitter doesnt support messages from my phone -I wanted to be able to Twit while on vacay.   Poo on you Twitter 
Twitter won't let me change my picture  I Dont like this one
I tried to upload a new profile pic from #startup2startup last night and Twitter's not letting me...so now I am sad and photo-less. FAIL 
Twitter's nor playing nice with me tonight. Uh oh ... am I really too dumb to use this wonderful service? 
Stupid Twitter won't let me change my picture 
@mafiachild Brah Twitter is the Feds. We can see where you at and everything on here. 
@lmayni You're on Twitter AND you have a new blog?? How come never tell me one? 
I think I killed Twitter.  Everything got quiet.  
So Much For Twitter's Trending Topics To Indicate Breaking News!!!!!  : http://cli.gs/9aLhGW
Don't even have to know the score. A Twitter search for Denver tells me all I need to know.   oh well, we got -some- excitement this  ...
,:Hello Twitter's.... I'm back, just got arrive from travel..  kinda tired....
Twitter hates me  I'm trying to upload a new display pic but it's just showing up as a broken image link. Sad day.
@ea8 Dwight's Twitter is so funny! Owwww! I just dropped my laptop on this HUGE stupid bruise I got today on my leg.  Painful!
Very little noise about the #ETDS on Twitter! 
hey @HFShabby how are you doing? Are you checking your Twitter at all? 
@casmarie23 any luck with myspace? Gawd.. I really despise them now! Do the same with Twitter please? Yes.. last tweet  thank you!!!
G'morning Twitterverse. Apparently it doesnt matter what side of the country I'm on. 8 a.m is still 8 a.m. 
What's wrong with Twitter? Unable to search for friends.    Says &quot;something technically wrong.&quot;  2nd day in a row now.
@cls714 Twitter does NOT support Sina blog 
By looking in Twitter's Public Timeline, I can say, that there is more male users, that female! Same situation is in other communities! 
@TonyWade Yeah, Twitter avatars are fucked at present... 
Urgh, having problem with pic again..  Twitter really doesn't like me!
Figured out how to upload it to facebook but now I can't put it on Twitter 
last time I saw my cell phone charger was when I walked along Austin Ave with @billworley.  ?!?!??! No phone, and therefore no Twitter 
Twitter wont let me change my picture! Huhu 
Trying to get colors working right in Vim. It's tough.  And, laggy typing in this text box for Twitter. &gt;.&gt;
@HemaPreya Yes, it's fake. He's even said in recent interviews (as recent as just a few days ago) that he's never been on Twitter. Ever. 
@HeathCastor Ok, confused now. 2 ppl you follow publically said they do NOT have Twitter. 
Twitter just decided to change my page branding. How does that happen? Trying to reinstate myself to no joy 
Twitter HATES me!  What I do?
@mzphyz Mmm, would be great features - if Twitter's API made the follow relationship date available - but, it's not.  
@Curdatron: Sadly back in Facebook  Need to get in contact with someone and its the only way makes me feel sick...Strags make u feel good!
Upset Twitter screwing w/my favorites. I put everything in there I might respond to &amp; then delete when done to stay organized. Now can't 
@Bsimi Resist the temptation! Twitter would miss you 
I can finally get on Twitter again....For some reason I haven't been able to access it for weeks... 
http://twitpic.com/6a0xs - Made by one of my favoriteist person in the world. She's not on Twitter though 
Ok! Twitter is being extremely weird with me tonight! 
Apparently something was wrong with my phone.  I also haven't been able to get on Facebook.  Sorry I missed so many calls last night. 
@Sidney96 Sidneyyy! You have Twitter? :O Whats wrong dude? 
Hmmm Twitter doesn't want to upload new avatar 
@lookitslizzle Ive already assembled a Twitter band to audition next year! Only me and @thecraigmorris in it so far though 
http://bit.ly/8YO7Q  Twitter scam? Please tell mee 
#Pleasestop (Twitter) Playing hide and seek with my profile pic. Where the hell is my picture??? 
has problems to upload a Twitter background image. Tried 5 to 6 times, still getting just a white background  Is that normal?
What's up with Twitter?      My logo/avatar won't load up properly, and this coming from a 15 year computer veteran.  Not good!
I'm a Twitter Whore.  Oh no!
Ohkayyy, I'm getting frustrated right now. Can someone please help me upload a photo onto Twitter? I just tried and its not appearing 
@melbrehl The Twitter Gods can be very cruel. 
Went to update my Twitter profile image and it refuses to let me upload a new picture. Now I have a broken profile image. 
ATTENTION: I started the latest Twitter Scam. I'd like to take the time to apologize to all of Twitterverse, especially those affected. 
@MarkVHansen Your're on Twitter?!?! WooHoo!! Hope you've been well!! It's been a while  xx
@p_puddleduck Twitter's been down for the past hour or so....  Maybe that's why.
Awake! Twitter has some problems just now  watching @KrisAllenmusic's videos. Uber funny.
OMG I almost died the last 20 mins that Twitter was'nt workin. Clearly I'm addicted! 
eurgh Twitter's been down?!  Watching Wall-E for the first time tonight. Already LOLing and Aww-ing!
Cannot Get Twitter Up on my LapTop. 
Ok,Twitter is back on it's grizzy,lmfao I'm wrong for tht...but it's Saturday &amp; I'm home 
@kj4crv Tonight has not been a good night for Twitter. 
My Destroy Twitter is playing up 
@BuzzEdition No....it's not fully back.  I've seen more &quot;Fail Whale&quot; appearances since I came aboard.  I thought it was fixed, @Twitter! 
Twitter is crashy tonight. Keep getting gateway errors 
Just found out you can't play Spymaster because it's servers are currently unable to reach Twitter. So, if Twitter is down that game too 
I Just found out you can't play Spymaster because it's servers are unable to reach Twitter. So, if Twitter is down the is game is too 
@jordanknight are we done???  Damn Twitter's being a pain....
Can someone fix Twitter please??  This smell of aquatic mammals is getting a bit overpowering 
@abba_ks @swarheit @dondrennon Sorry Twitter is so janky. Makes it hard to discuss Ginger ale with the proper respect it deserves. 
@Flamenkers Damn I should pay attention to Twitter more. I'm sitting in the Philly area with nothing to do after work. 
@ladylikepunk Has happened again. Bloody Twitter 
Been trying all day to announce @teashopgirls is the winner of the free e-subscription, but Twitter has been made of failwhale. 
@positive180, your Twitter page looks like  on big resolutions! Check it out: http://twtbg.me/?t=positive180
Don't understand why I can't update Twitter with my phone 
What's up with Twitter today? Everywhere I click there seems to be some sort of error 
That was my 5,000th tweet!! No confetti   I'm excited but this just might mean that I Twitter WAY too much! LoL
Twitter? I've been texting the wrong number lately Haha. Hmm semi excited for the dance now that i have everything minus shoes 
Twitter, where's my profile ! Please let me login so that I can delete it ! 
Aww c'mon Twitter! Lift your game! http://status.twitter.com says you fixed it and site is back - but still no API joy 
@kevthuhu No, no, my boy. 405 is not enough to be happy. In fact, according to Twitter you are Unhappy.   Don't be sad!
Hello Twitter... It is going to rain 
@Treewisher *sigh* epic fail. Luckily, the problem is known by Twitter and they are working to fix it now. I'll try in the morning dearie 
@thrressatrn Same here! So does it mean I have a B+ now?  Sorry for the super late reply, Twitter was being all lame -_-
@bitninja Nice, I'm writing a Twitter app myself, it's the XML parsing I'm having trouble with 
@KW2P Until that changes, I guess we have to put up with Twitter's technical problems 
I got my Twitter pg 2 load, but not long enuff 2 tweet.  Glad I have my FriendFeed &amp; my TwitterBerry! G'Nite... http://ff.im/-3qcWk
@serenity74 OMG for real? I left my phone at home so i couldn't text you or check my Twitter updates  I'm here with my sis &amp; bro-in-law!
@TheEllenShow This guy has a doctorate and is a gun affectionato  I just found him by accident on YouTube.  Strange but amazing.
I wish Twitter would stop deleting spam followers. It's deflating my ego.  (Possibly a good thing.)
Brewing a cup of choc-chip chai tea - Getting WELL over having to use Twitter via the web tho 
@Me_Gusta_Queso I think Twitter ate your photo. 
Jus read something on Twitter and it's makin me say wow that sucks 
Work today. Boo  And my new Twitter picture is finally working, after a few days of nothing. :B
Twitter won't let me upload my Pearls Before Swine picture. 
My twitterberry is acting weird.  Does anyone know why it says Internal Twitter Error when you try to update on your blackberry?? Help. 
@Nana_Mex Maybe i could do a &quot;Twitter takes over Carnarvon&quot; article. But we are the only two that use it so it's not really widespread 
WTF Twitter? All those posts are out of order!! 
@Twitter Any Icons (People I followed) don't appear in my profile sidebar! I can't see them all 3days. 
so much work...Bye bye Twitter for today...   xoxo
I'm too tired, and I've missed Twitter. Shit.  xxx
@NYT_JenPreston @JohnEi That link (How should news sites use Twitter) is 404 
@MrShlee Don't rope me into that spymaster crap. I don't need that clogging up my Twitter feed. 
Sigh. Twitter is irritating today. It's having me refollow some people and adding a tonne more! 
Sigh. Twitter is irritating today. It's having me refollow some people and adding a tonne more!  http://twurl.nl/8c6ckv
still don't really understand Twitter......hmmmm......! BBQ tonight, prob first and last of the summer! 
@Chris_Gorham Eep! Did we break @ginaholden?  Another symptom of Twitter's weirdness this week, or did she decide too much of a timesuck?
Tried to say goodnight last night but Twitter wasn't working 
Yeah, so in an uncomfortable and way too personal note for Twitter, Jen had a miscarriage a few weeks ago, so this isn't a baby problem 
Just got up... Damn Twitter down last night 
@dagolion Mornin' to you!!! I gave up on Twitter last night... Had to walk away &amp; not let it make me angry...  
Ano ba yan gumagalaw nga ang Ms Twitter World voting site pero hindi naman makaboto karamihang Chasters 
@Dyana_ Sorry! It's Twitter who keeps changing their minds! 
is getting to grips with Twitter. Have I turned my back on facebook?? 
Good morning Twitter! The bird outside my bedroom seems to be a fan of rock music lol it sounds so aggressive! Anyhoo, houseguest 2nite 
@RickyWhittle where has Chris Fountain's Twitter page gone? 
Argh, my Gwibber was configured to post on Twitter instead of identi.ca 
@annariitta Sure thing! Still wondering why Twitter decided to make that less convenient for us.  
ARGH!!!!! Still can't upload a new photo on Twitter properly  Dunno what's wrong
@astrid_sunrise Aw. I've been trying to convince my sister to sign up for Twitter for months now, but she always says no. 
@BrianReich That's crappy. Was it the worm that @buzzedition mentioned? Twitter folks will likely adjust - but not on the weekend. 
I've promised my bf not to be on Twitter as much... and YT  We are turning into room mates, and that's not good.
The Twitter Hackers are out today- Let's all Pray for them! They obviously have NO life and must be lacking any social skills! Poor thugs 
Was about to put my new custom design on but Twitter is broken and won't let me upload the damn background. We'll have to wait 
Yeah I think I broke the Twitter BG upload. It's not working for me. 
Had to make a new Twitter.....someone hacked into my other one 
[Lox] John: I have tried posting a message on my Twitter user, but it doesn't get bounced to the MDS...  Is that how the whole system  ...
Giving a new Twitter app a whirl. Feels sluggish. 
OH NO! My company Twitter account @redrocketLA has been suspended due to strange activity. I can't imagine why this has happened. 
@SarahAnnGreen  bad luck   Good job you've got Twitter to keep you amused!
@renu19 #spymaster is a game on Twitter - http:///www.playspymaster.com. Don't know much abt it 
Okay- I'm here! Twitter just doesn't seem to like any pictures I post 
@shiahoney Don't tell me the Spymaster group is screwing up Twitter again. Ugh! 
Grr Twitter is being naff and won't show my picture 
@MarjyMeechan My LJ gets transported into Twitter.  
Hello Twitter Peeps, still don't want to be at work!!   
Tiny Twitter and pictures isn't really working... 
@headphonaught soz 2 hear @littlelaughalot's quit Twitter.Frm comments I take it somethin unpleasant happend.  pls pass on my love. .x
Noooooo... Why change the Twitter Mob thing to a different date? I can't make it now. 
I wasn't paying attention to Twitter &amp; Jess didn't say anything about her brother. Now I feel bad for not asking if something was wrong. 
Just made a Twitter account. Having problems. 
Twitter is sooo confusing..Does any1 no y its not lettin me upload a photo? Maths exam 2moro..Oh well 
@arcktip It's due to the new Twitter bug. http://bit.ly/4Jj7h Sorry, but nothing I can do at the moment. 
Falling behind on Twitter  Uh oh. . .
@michaelmiraflor AAARRRGGG! I understand dude. Leaving an open mic to write some b2b Twitter strategy 
@TheProphetBlog  Eve's Twitter is Gone. 
@mudville100 The Twitter gods are not pleased with me  Why? I wouldn't know! Tried changing pic, can't. Background popped up 1 day l8ter
Trying out Uber Twitter... Seems better than Tiny Twitter... Sorry @tinytwitter  I feel bad
Their should be a local Twitter meetup.Smthng to get us out of our parents basements. No one would talk n just Tweet each other. Sad 
Twitter is being stupid and acting like roberts profile doesn't exist. Boo 
@gymnastchicka12 Haha. You kinda need a photo... &gt; And Guess what? Adam Doesn't have a Twitter. 
@theearlystrike Hey I can't send you a direct message back unless you follow me!  Twitter is shitty like that. 
@shelliwazzu ah....pictures? Hmmm...I'm on my mobile. I'll have to wait till I get home  they block Twitter at the office. Bastards!
Got 22 follow requests in 24hrs., and, well, didn't do anything special. Thankfully I got tweets about spammers - welcome to Twitter,spam 
just got word the Twitter nazis might kill my account if i keep up this beautiful pic of Sade as my bkgrnd. 
Ahhhhh...........  Twitter is not letting me upload a profile picture  !!!!!
If I haven't followed you back, sorry.  I've been behind w John being sick and my dad's 3 surgeries, and now Twitter just isn't working. 
@fronztheman2009 OOPS!  Sorry Twitter... please forgive me... 
Illustrator is killing me. Someone please press follow me and check what I'm doing okay? Or else Twitter is of no use 
@sean_lin Yeah, it's showing up on Twitter website, but the good ols API is soooooo far behind. 
Sir Tel read out my mail re Twitter but didn't mention me.   Never mind, I'm going to have to be a big brave boy (sobs uncontrollably).
T-mobile really does not like me today. It is hella trippen'! I gotta use Wi-Fi just to be on Twitter. Kinda shit is this?! 
@Iconic88 Hey guys, what's new in the Blogosphere? I've been in Twitter Jail lately since I reached 2,000 in the &quot;Following&quot; category. 
I miss Twitter SOOOO much 
@theplasticage tried to Direct Message you but Twitter wouldn't let me 
looking for my Friend Jax on Twitter, cant seem to find her 
Why Tiny Twitter doesn't work? I allways get the &quot;error 15&quot;  #Fail #TinyTwitter
Why Tiny Twitter doesn't work? I allways get the &quot;error 15&quot;  #Fail #TinyTwitter http://tinyurl.com/mfaw5o
Yay! All the tweets I texted in Chemas appeared in Twitter XD Not all my phplurks appeared in my Plurk 
I'm sitting on the computer. Sorry I haven't been on Twitter! 
@ShannynB yeah, I missed Rove  Apparently her Twitter isn't real? 
@pocarles Go and CNN and check the news about the airplane crash  Twitter is not quiet in France
Been off the Twitter and the PC in general for a few days.  The heat has been making my PC shut down sporadically 
@ellyOoOOo I merajuk. Just found out you followed Luke on Twitter &amp; never followed me. Now I follow you feeling hurt. 
@TheAtlanticVets Yup, Twitter has been having a lot of background uploading issues lately. 
Grr, Twitter, let me follow people again 
Hm... Okay Twitter Fail on my spelling and also photo cropping... 
@KMC1121 Hey good morning bud! I expect Twitter to pay a special Bday tribute 2 me  and work on ya vocals now #nofakery lol!
Twitter pics are driving me nuts!  Won't load my pic... 
Slowly getting Voioi up to speed again. Still so much work to do, plus Twitter's rate limiting is not helping 
Fuck off Twitter.  I'm so sick of this #twitterfail.
@ICsaba Example: http://twitter.com/jpp12 - and some more don't have bio info or seem to use Twitter much 
Well, crud. I deleted my current picture, but Twitter is not letting me upload a new picture. I guess I'll be photo-less for a while. 
@diddyoh Pause... lol u had a Twitter moment yesterday sorry when Im tired &amp; dont eat I can be not so fun  u guys r really funny! K.I.T.
@Amazing92 Twitter is a frikkin mess!I cant change NUTTIN!!!  i want anotha backgroun n color design for TWO WEEKS NOW!ARRGHH
@ryanmer Sorry, I would have but I wasn't on Twitter. 
is pissed with Twitter! Tried to change my display pic, but now it won't let me upload a new one! 
@GinaLaGuardia Sorry I blew you off the other day.  Wanted to chat on Twitter, got the evil eye from the wife. 
@MarciProjects Hey! Didn't know you were on Twitter! I can't make it to the OC this time. 
Sending out resumes, trying to keep bitterness off Twitter. Summer begins. 
@Zaren89 Yeah, I remember how you were trying to change your profile background the other time. Twitter, oh Twitter! 
@LichfieldBlog Ugh still with the anti-Twitter stance 
LOOOOOOOL&gt; Elvis Presley (GracelandNews) is now following your updates on Twitter.  Not anymore! 
@kallmebubbles  Twitter has decided that ur too ugly.  Sorry  
@AndraeRaMone sorry dude. Selective Twitter hates me, but I've been tasked with capturing play by play at this conference. Sorry facebook 
Twitter doesn't take my Profile Picture 
@javierlaval I can't respond to DM's from people who don't follow me  Damn Twitter.
@KrimsonKing I've been tryin for 2 days now   Twitter tryna tell me something about my new pic lol  Moral of the story: Stick w/ the old?
Twitter Still hasn't fixed the bugs, still haves to wait. 
Twitter is being a Twatter. It wont let me change my background.  Balls man
What up Twitter??? I've been watching movies and eating junk food all day...I don't even wanna think about how many calories already 
@verwon I'm glad you got something, is it helping? My client has registered 2 accounts with Twitter &amp; can't log into either of them 
trying to set up a Twitter account for Zumi Sushi... but Twitter is not being very nice about it 
@mlexiehayden Yeah u can't leave me...I'd have to drop off Twitter  lol
Crap...already broke the view on my phone for Twitter...now I have to figure out how to fix it.  
Twitter is so quiet when there's no livefeed twittering   Hello?  Is anyone still out there?
@CarriePrejeanCA Looks like someone hacked your Twitter. Hope you can get him. 
@Christel42 These Twiiter conversations are not going over to well. Sorry, I am a Twitter failure. How sad 
About 2 head home &amp; sit in traffic  Somerville Circle is BRUTAL this time of day. Twitter U Later
My Twitter avatar is completely broke. Won't let me upload a new one 
Twitter won't give me a verification code for my mobile device!  [[Satisfaction]: All topics for Twitter - Rec.. http://bit.ly/14809T
Goodmorning Twitterworld.Wondering if from here on I will have anymore time to Twitter 
- @Em91 Edinburgh fringe is only 10 weeks away?! I need monies  Btw I'm Elliott from @angryfeet - blame @howlieT for the Twitter intrusion
Twitter, why do you give me a hard time when I want to upload a new picture, GRRR! 
English to Brummie translator on Birmingham:It's Not Shit  translates Twitter as Twitter  #tlabd09
Stupid gay ass Twitter won't let me change my background 
Was away from Twitter the entire evening and this morning I'm greeted with msgs from people trying to assassinate me on #spymaster. 
@stalkerchanning  Just trying to help? Write 'em a nasty letter... Sometimes Twitter is too popular for its own functionality.
Boo, I can't see my new #Twitter background OR picture...  Can you?
@deannie Oh my garsh! Soc Stardom 3 is going on NOW?!? I've really been outta the Twitter loop 
Cant Understand Twitter... 
Wife bought me the shirt &quot;I'm huge on Twitter,&quot; then told me to get a life   LOL
@becky878 ugh I don't know. Maybe Twitter just hates my face 
You fail, Twitter. Let me change my pic 
@CathrynMarie thats so horrible!!!! smh...  Thumbs down Twitter
@cindyb327 Well, we don't need Albert hurt!  But I was having Twitter issues before that happened.
Damn you, Twitter. I just can't quit you! I'm lonely. 
@LAPD Are you still tweeting? I'm not getting any of your posts lately  Twitter problem?
Grr. Twitter wont let me put up a picture 
@LMRB Hahaha that is such a weird question. I just LOL'ed. I dont know where my face is but I miss it  I feel naked on Twitter without it
@LANative_net - yup. Shame Twitter hides half the tag  I have a new abusive plan though. Ready?
@Melb74 Where are yooooooooooooooou? You don't love Twitter no mo' 
Uh oh, I just lost three followers, I wonder if its due to lack of a photo. Twitter wont let me upload. 
Just renewed my membership at @qualitycomics. They got Twitter now! That's kinda cool right?? I'm so far behind on comics though 
Testing out a new Twitter App for my Blackberry. Sorry to spam your feed. 
Stupid Twitter won't work with my pictures  can't upload my profile pic ...&quot;facedesk&quot;
Testing out a new Twitter app for my Blackberry. Sorry to spam your feed. 
Trying out a new Twitter app for my Blackberry. Sorry to spam your feed. 
@emilyawilliams Dang, Twitter is off today. In that case, I don't know. 
Has Been Neglecting Twitter. I'm Sorry, Twitter. 
My Twitter Iz F-ing Itself 
On a restricted Twitter-diet. Waiting for internet connection at home.. Withdrawal symptoms big big big time 
Off watch the rest of Conan.Looks like ping isn't posting to my Twitter now.  Goodnight!
I'm the number 17 fan of @robcorddry on Twitter. Woooo! If I mail in 30,497 more boxtops, I'll be number 5! But he doesn't follow me 
Gah Really bored, All I can be bothered doing is.. Bebo, MSN and Twitter.. 
@alecNguyen Stop making conversations on Twitter! I wish I could afford my wishlist  haha
Havent been on Twitter in like 2 days which is a record for me haha but work is keeping me busy! Ugh! 
@stirlo Thanks for the suggestion! Didn't work, sadly.  I think this is a temporary Twitter-wide issue.
@jaceypants Nah, just Twitter themselves breaking it now. 
My Twitter was Hacked by one of my children?? Who? That's sad,  did they actually want me to sit and watch it with them??
@GayleHoward Can't wait!  But I hit the 2000 Follow-ING limit, a newer limitation created by Twitter, but not universally applied. 
Cathing up with Twitter and emails. The sun is shining again today.... great more pollen in the air  Love summer though 
@steph_davies I know and i'm blaming you. Hahaha. I don't want to be a Twitter freak like you. 
@KeenanBlogger oh, no! Don't let it get you down.  You can tweet about whatever you like! It's your Twitter, after all.
&quot;Your profile customization has been saved.&quot; Where? Up Twitter's ass with its shit, that's where 
My picture is still missing!!  Where is it Twitter CS??
Have got training all day today. Gutted I am not going to be able to listen to music and Twitter 
At Work, Just got in!! Twitter still down on my iphone 
@Brighteyes08 Yeah, most of the people I follow on Twitter are in the UK, so everything's time delayed. 
@Dojie You soooo don't mean that cuz we love you long time! Got to get off  Twitter &amp; work now  I am most sad
@DogCastRadio No recommendation sorry  but noticed a few on my travels round Twitter - u could try a &quot;help&quot; tweet
Okay.. Twitter won't let me load a new picture 
Sorry for neglecting you Twitter. 
Am I the only one who has OCD about reading every single Twitter update from friends? 
Good morning Twitter.  It's way too early for me 
Hello Twitter, still quite sad really 
Twitter is starting to depress me now. People aren't replying back to me like they usually do. 
Damn...my Twitter is not workin' so well 
@Wossy or is my Twitter home page glitches 
The battery for my laptop has just died. Ordered a new one but I'll be gone from Twitter for a while 
Twitter is blocked from China... Soon, Streamy too, I guess. No more updates... Sorry 
http://twitpic.com/6gl1i - Twitter blocked here.  Trying a work-around for tweeting. Can u c this?
http://twitpic.com/6gl1i - Twitter blocked here.  Trying a work-around for tweeting. Can u c this? (via... http://ff.im/-3uURY
China blocked Twitter? Badddd. I've lost 6 chinese followers! 
http://twitpic.com/6gl1i - Twitter blocked here.  Trying a work-around for tweeting. Can u c this? (via @sdweathers) yes
Twitter has finally been blocked in China  Guess it's a bit too much freedom of communication for the government to handle.
Sorry for all the annoying links that showed up b/c I forgot to unsync the Twitter option when I was updating my tumbleblog 
Really?? Twitter is banned?? Hope not!!!! That would be very sad... 
@DougBenson holy shit, you replied!! Twitter doesn't allow DMs to ppl that don't follow u  but- Land of the lost (aka louisville, ky area)
Y did they block No Surprise from YouTube?  Nooooo.... oh well, no surprise
&quot;China Blocks Twitter&quot;: Looks like they are going to block everything. 
a watched pot never boils...but one that your not watching cos youre on Twitter BOILS OVER.  ooopsie 
Having more and more trouble w/ TweetGrid  Can anybody recommend Twitter app that supports groups, mult. logins? Besides TweetDeck?
@DizzyMalfoy Like 10 times  I wish Twitter could like go in and wipe all the images i have tried to use out!! So i can start over! gah!
@timeless2 Fine, fine. back on Twitter after two weeks of my computer in for repairs. Virus = 
@jshez Yeah... realised that too late. -10 Twitter Points for me. 
@IzzyGettinBusy ROFL- See! I tried 2 twit u &amp; I messed up both times! Twitter is pissed @ me 4 not twittering as much these last few days 
Liked &quot;http://twitpic.com/6gl1i - Twitter blocked here.  Trying a work-around for tweeting. Can u c this? (via...&quot; http://ff.im/-3uURY
OMG my pockeTwit is trippin and I can't tweet on the go!!  this has definitely slowed my Twitter Game  &amp; i am so not feelin that
@LostJello I'm here if you need me, but I'm just on Twitter  Sorry.
@trent_reznor I won the Twitter passes for the Indy show but my name wasn't on the list. I couldn't get my stuff or get backstage. 
Well good night Twitter.. got some homework done .. no life for the next few days for me 
Lawlz Conan talking about Twitter. So far it's lame.  
Twitter is boring. Nobody talks to me. I gots no friends 
I love how twitter doesn't let you see replies you get from people you're not following.  Fuck you, Twitter.
This is hard. I miss Oscar. Dunno wot's wrong with me but I still feels sad about him. Twitter isn't the same without him 
Hello Twitter friends, Please pray for my cousin, found out she was raped   she's gonna need a lot of prayer.
@THEREALJMAC is On Twitter Timeout... he will be back shortly... be patient I kno he will be missed... 
I hate that Twitter f**ked up my picture. Now it's just a default instead of the one I wanted. Too tired &amp; lazy to fix it right now. Ugh. 
I'm supposed to practice Fireworks, but Facebook has kittens and quizzes  Maybe just one more...
@joelcomm  Ex. of how not to use Twitter abound.  Regretfully, not enough have read your  GR8 book on how to use right.
OK Twitter ~ I am getting fed up with the issues regarding my DM's!  AARRGGHH!  Sorry Tweeps   I keep trying.....
Got a TON of work done tonight. My whole body aches. May try to catch up on Twitter, but feeling a bit like a vegetable at the moment. 
@charlesarthur Find i use Twitter as a kind of headline feed, then follow link to to papers website, now only buy real papers on weekend 
They deleted his Twitter Account Then he was never seen again... So sad 
working from home today ...but going to hospital tomorrow  ...ying and yang. Don't ask about hospital, not saying on Twitter!
@demelsia Lucky! I wonder what happened to his Twitter? 
@TatianaOL, your Twitter page looks like  on all resolutions! Check it out: http://twtbg.me/?t=TatianaOL
My thoughts are coming out jumbled.  Maybe it's time for bed?  But I don't want to go   Night night, Twitter Tweeps.
@jessstroup Tell meee about it! We all need to contact Twitter. Hmph.  xx
@Liturgy Thanks for tweeting positively.  So much of the web is a cesspool of negativity, even Twitter 
Im wondering if i could use Twitter to find a Date? a Friend? as im not having too much luck in the real world 
Morning Twitter Birds! I actually slept again. WOOHOO! But my allergies are killing me.  Oh nos!
@aciel Hihihi... udah nyoba UberTwitter belum? atau TweetGenius? katanya lebih bagus dari Twitter Berry lho, oh iya emailnya saya gak ada 
&quot;Bye Twitter!&quot; 
Cricket HIJACKED my Twitter....    U know what they say... &quot;Paybacks baby!&quot;  ))))))JP
@berlaine Yeah it's pretty cool. Way better than Twitter for talking on, but no one's one it. Annoying 
Good morning Twitter peeps, so hard to get out of bed 
Goodnight, Twitter. Ughh, exams tomorrow 
Is Trying to put my Picture on Twitter, and i can't there is always a Problem 
@ParentClub If I'm not following you it's Twitter's fault. I didn't unfollow you  Also: Sad you won't be there - Next time for sure!
The only things I'm excited about to come from E3: 360 FB/Twitter, The Last Guardian, and...well, guess that's it. Feelin' old. 
Back home now felt v upset when i didnt recive any updates from Twitter to my phone  so i m on the laptop looking at all the updates! =D
Hmmm, my Twitter is not being updated when I use my mobile 
@tdhurst - I met a couple of people at BlogWorld last year that I'd seen/follwd on Twitter.  I've never met anyone in the Valley.  
Minus 10 points @ToDoinAZ for Auto Dm'ing to twittertrafficmachine.com  Twitter is NOT about &quot;making $ everyday&quot; @scottmo
@whateverdude oh no! Just for mentioning Fox News you're going to have an automatic Twitter Follower.  
@Jamie_127 it's ok. It's just been a quiet day on Twitter and you've been quiet and no one's talking to me 
Cool, Twitter doesn't show me replies I get anymore...so be patient if I don't answer 
@mariqj Nambu is slooooowwwww and crashes when I try to upload a picture.  Will check out some other Twitter clients once I get home
@Dezz_MCR No it wasn't you at all  I just got the feeling that people think I'm on Twitter far too much 
Um Apparently @Twitter's DM system is suckin balls today, so If you sent me one  and I didn't reply I probably didn't get it 
Oh God! How did I forget that there's Tweetree :o Days without Twitter is getting boring here. I am so lost 
@hzon: Dammit, did the world end and I only heard about it 20 minutes later over Twitter? Totally figures. 
@SophiSCREAM Good to see you on Twitter!! But what's up??  xx
Twitter is gonna be down at 4:00AM 
WHOOPS! That would be @threepeasart! Got the Twitter handle wrong 
I follow more people on Twitter and Tumblr than I actually know in real life... Yep. I has a sad. 
doesn't really understand Twitter...Or Tweet Deck.  Help please someone?
Twitter-less day today. Crapberry had a nervous breakdown this morning.  Back home now.
&quot;Stop following me!&quot; @chellefaace hates Twitter. I'm sorry 
Glad I checked Twitter before leaving for Tech Meeting...  I didn't know the guys had finished school.  Always last to know lately thx 
Wow! How on earth did my background change on Twitter? I didn't change it.   Has anyone else had this experience?
Took a bunch of pics with my twitter-less friends and @zigfeldowns at lunch. Many are twitpic worthy. But they ended up on FaceBook. 
Twitter has def. dropped some of the ppl I follow. Wonder how many ppl I was dropped from. I'm also following ppl I DIDN'T follow.  
OK, it felt good to get my Twitter dose for the day. Now it's back to resting. Flu = Yuck. 
Twitter -- We will be down for one hour of planned maintenance starting at 8p Pacific Friday. NO TWITTER! 
@ChristopherY REALLY graphic - more so than any other account I've ever seen on Twitter. 
Popping My Twitter Cherry.... none of my friends use this yet  
Thanks for all the new followers!!  Wish we could return the follow but we're on lock-down til we get some more followers.  Dang @Twitter.
@rafavs, your Twitter page looks like  on all resolutions! Check it out: http://twtbg.me/?t=rafavs
Might boycott Twitter until the Royals win. Can't stand to see so many negative tweets 
I have a feeling my reduction in followers is because Twitter is starting to delete spam accounts. Still makes me sad though. 
Just tried playing #playspymaster on my Opera-based cell phone. It failed to authenticate with Twitter. No mobile play for me 
Sorry if I didn't reply to your @ replies, I haven't been getting them for some reason  Twitter needs a good &quot;swift&quot; kick.
Question: @Twitter Why would u suspend &amp; investigated @LaylaEl pg not my other clients. I'm her Official NewMediaGuy, she will contact u 
Good morning everyone! Ah, Twitter is going down for planned maintenance in 1 hour !! 
@SarahOckler5 Dude Twitter kicked me off too! Hence no tweets from me!  #20BoySummer
@italianseeker Nooooo Don;t leave Twitter 
Oooh five minutes and then Twitter is down for maintenance. We all won't be able to chat 
@MouthyGirl Right before the Twitter goes down......  See you in an hour?
@audreythebaby WHAT No, I didn't notice. I don't check Twitter often eh. Why did he delete!  My looooooe &lt;3 Hahahah
@FeminaPrudentia booo! Not happy! Twitter is a man! Full of promises and delivery is a big let down. 
Tried to get people to take pics of what they were doing during the Twitter outage - but no one had a camera. 
I logged into Twitter but there was no one there?   Glad your all back!   Here's some more!
Yeah Twitter is up! But the person I wanted to talk to is probably asleep. 
#LOFNOTC Watching the Curious Case of Benjamin Button Twitter keeps breaking on me 
Twitter is pissing me off. Maintenance is 'posed to make things BETTER! Not eff it all up! GRRR. 
Twitter Is destroyed right now... 
What the heck? Sarikka had to delete her Twitter too? That sucks 
@Twitter.... Why do you hate me? ....I thought we were friends!!! 
Boy! Twitter really not like'in me right now. 
Meow. hiya. Twitter was down for a while. I wanted view my anipal's tweets, but can't! 
Nice to be back and see that Twitter is still behaving like a right twat!!!.....what happened to my pic..hmmmmmm 
I see that I missed a real-time jigga revolution tonight on Twitter. Feels like walking into a party throwing confetti &amp; everybody&quot;s gone 
I hate when I'm expecting a text from someone, and my phone goes off only for me to find it's a Twitter update. Disappointing 
@KCarri9251 Twitter is awesome!!! I'm so glad you have one. i missed you last night  Love you!!!!!
@dictionmary But I'm bored  You have Bo's computer and all I have is stupid Twitter and a 12 second clip of Jinwoon ==
Adam Lambert doesn't have a Twitter?! Bummer! 
Twitter is being retarded... &quot;Help&quot; isn't working  #USAWantsMcFly
Im new to Twitter &amp; it wont let me upload a photo  Otherwise I was just cutting my brother's hair for when he goes out tonight! Haha
@creativejo Twitter are just Plain Mean!!! I wasn't doing anything Except tweetinig about #Stokke products.. Spamming i guess?? 
Twtter Maintnance Tonight  Twitter will be down.
'Is now single' as Facebook would put it... Oh happy days 
Twitter banned my tweets for over tweeting thank you's to all the #FF folks yesterday  What should I do about it for next week?
Twitter banned my tweets for over tweeting thank you's to all the #FF folks yesterday  What should I do about it for next week?
@andrew_waters Phone doesn't work in Japan  Oh well... Twitter updates sketchy
Sorry, Have not updated in a while, Twitter would not let me update my password 
just persuaded Grant Galloway to get Twitter but FAILED 
Good morning everybody. Twitter seems to have lost some responses during maintenance last night 
@torturedmuppet Missed your test  Have a big ole Twitter kiss tho XXXXXXXXXX
@WillyDean Nah the Dre one, I'm all for self promotion through Twitter. The new album is clearly gonna suck big ones 
@kitdude21 Yeah -- just imagine if you were in China with the Twitter block still in force. 
@VideoGamerCom Apologies for the 'gayayayay' etc. tweet. Left Twitter open by accident and unsurprisingly somebody misused it. 
@DarkPiano I did record a lullaby for you last night, but Twitter went down and it's lost forever. Boo hoo.  Next time, perhaps.
@FanboyGeekStu No, testing Hyperwords with Twitter. Bug.  
@Doctor005 yes...hun I'm ok(ish)..Doing other things to keep me off Twitter! Doesn't seem to be working!  How are you?
Does the #spymaster game require posting on Twitter? I'm about ready to unfollow some people because of the constant game tweets. 
Want to apologize to Facebook friends who don't want Tiller coverage. Can't seem to break the TwitSync function. Sorry. 
@gregorylent Nah, www.itweet.net is a website and at the moment one of the few possibilities to use Twitter in China  Fuckers!
@Akelaa OOC:  Sorry I disappeared.  Twitter didn't like me last night.  
@StewartKris I just heard and I'm following your new twitter.. I'm so sorry that some scum hacked yours and Robs Twitter.. 
Don't wanna go back to work!!   Morning Twitter!  
@tommcfly Couldn't you put the link for Mr Twitter??? Yes, again) At work now, i can't find them on your messages 
@ChuckNerd then it's just unstoppable. Twitter cannot even stop us! Okay, they probably could for a little while. 
Twitter banned my tweets for over tweeting thank you's to all the #FF folks yesterday  What should I do about it for next week?
Friends here now. Bye Twitter  real world people win. For once. Alas.
All my hopes smashed...So it turns out they haven't started filming Arrested Development: The Movie, but instead it was a Twitter rumor 
Twitter is OUT!! I cant change mi profile colors 
Twitter banned my tweets for over tweeting thank you's to all the #FF folks yesterday  What should I do about it for next week?
@tonymatterhorn thanks hun i wanted the Twitter Song tho  you already sent me survivor
@clockwork59, your Twitter page looks like  on all resolutions! Check it out: http://twtbg.me/?t=clockwork59
Whats wrong with Twitter Search? It cannot found any older tweets, results differ between API and web etc. Very strange and frustrating 
@murnahan The link takes you back to your Twitter page. Tried valiantly, but couldn't find the funny! 
@jasonwendell I don't even like Lil' Wayne lolol. I saw the song on Twitter last night but it's good 
@peanutbutta30 you know who i wanna slap.&amp; im mad i missed &quot;Twitter Slap Saturday&quot;  womp womp.
Why's Twitter so addictive? Very cold  I may go watch America's got talent in a bit.
My hair is a disaster... I just realized that I'm not important enough for a Twitter page.  Buit who cares? Oh. Nevermind...
It's making for a boring day on Twitter without @divadoll123 or other sensible #tcot's to debate with... Just nut-jobs on today... 
http://twitpic.com/6rylt - Reason I spend waaaaaay to much time on Twitter the last days, yes no Photoshop. 
Twitter banned my tweets for over tweeting thank you's to all the #FF folks yesterday  What should I do about it for next week?
Hmm, Twitter updates to my phone don't seem to be working. Also: my parents have better internets than me - what a waste 
Why hasn't Deadmau5 Made it onto Twitter Yet ??  
Twitter giveth &amp; Twitter taketh away! My 40 NEW followers is in fact 4. They fixed my page   Not that I am not grateful. Thank U guys 2
 Phil ******* says Twitter is stupid. Psh.
Twitter banned my tweets for over tweeting thank you's to all the #FF folks yesterday  What should I do about it for next week?
I better stay off Twitter tonight.  Everyone I know is going to #monstervegastweetup but me.  stomping feet...throwing tantrum 
14.Twitter Rapifferent erie dark loop. I follow @KABUTO_RAPS, so he's saying mean things about me  Oh well, it's kinda true.
God, I'm failing at Twitter replies today 
Not to worry...I'll behave. Wouldn't want Twitter to put me in the penalty box again 
Twitter updates going off I HAVE to study  Talk to you hoes tomorrow
I feel bad for DH..i spend too much time on Twitter and he goes to bed alone  Heading up to bed now...gnight Tweeps!
Twitter banned my tweets for over tweeting thank you's to all the #FF folks yesterday  What should I do about it for next week?
Hm, I don't think Stephenie Meyer only closed her Myspace, it looks like she also closed her Twitter... 
I've been so exhausted lately that I hardly ever update my poor lonely Twitter anymore.  I'm watching Home Alone 2 lol!
@sarahantz I still feel dire   Daren't work on my wip 'coz I'll write rubbish but at least there's Twitter...does that count as writing?
Good nite, my tweet buddies. It was a long &amp; exciting Twitter day, altho @minethatbird didn't win... 
Applying for this job http://is.gd/RbWK but first must break Twitter addiction *mmmph* ***MMMPH** Uh lemme get back to you on that okay? 
Bye Twitter! 
Feeling like Twitter doesn't apply to me now I don't live in Wgtn. 
Been off Twitter for a while, guess it's cuz nothing interesting's going on.  But updates soon!
@ldfriedman Sorry to see you leave Facebook but understand why 
@richontwitter I am so sorry   We ended up at los locos to dance and I checked my bag in right away so had no Twitter! Next time! xx
My wife won't use Twitter  Why don't we see if we can get her to  @dustyreagan @johnerik @davidwalker
@BigAssBadger Oh dear, thought I saw a message on Twitter to say that Bill Bailey is ill and had to cancel tonights gig 
@davidmassacre I ter-click like a Twitter Noob. 
It's odd that I can't upload a new jpg profile image to Twitter. There's no errors, it just wont save - and nothing's changed.  
Is it just me..or has Mark Cuban and Shaq been especially friendly on Twitter? Hmmm. I smell a Shaqvericks move.  &lt;Ki&gt;
@PhilCoyne Yea that's the next step - tried to sell it on gumtree and even here on Twitter - just getting nowhere 
Trying to figure out how some random link showed up on my Twitter page  Someone hacked into my Mac/iPhone? Never!!!!!!!
Jeeze, there sure are a lot of asshat spammers trying to follow me on Twitter. 
TR @Umad80 rofl....Just remember that Twitter API limit...If you exceed too many in an hour, no more posts  
Missing Mine and @LexitronAvenue's random chats....  Come back Soon Alex! Zilla and Twitter are lonely without you!  xx
@PattinsonRobT sorry About your other Twitter  Some people can be such assholes!
@mikaFakeBlood You didn't come to Twitter Island yesterday ... 
Twitter doesn't like full sized D90 Pics 
Whats Up with Twitter and the random people following me !! I can't keep on Blocking 
Cant Find Anyone on Twitter  why?
@Marthalanefox Yey! Good to have your Twitter-acquaintance. Sadly I abandoned dot-comming for politics 
Twitter Fam what it do?? @midestini said I be wildin out on twitter so imma be quiet for a couple days!!!! 
Dear Twitter, I have been neglecting you with a lack of posts, im sorry twitter 
I am having the Twitter blues today. Lost my account @juliewaldorf I guess for having too many followers in too little time. 
Ok, this is my 3rd attempt with Twitter, I really do not understand it! 
@bonarez NP! There are other volunteers on Twitter too, but can't remember their exact Twitter name for the moment 
Impersonators on Twitter? What could be worse than mis-representation that is dis-representation  Urrggh!
Looking 4 my friend on Twitter! Where are you at? 
Im trying to find Shannon's Twitter..I cant seem to find it 
@JerusalemBureau Geez, I hope the Authorities don't check my Facebook friends list 
Hmm, my Twitter application isn't working.  Neither is my web browser. I'm so diconnected from the world!!
I am getting bored of this Twitter thing already.  Think it's not all that great when you hardly ever get to go online... 
@MYBOOCHIE Not on war path. I just don't like fake people following me. Fake pages are like roaches. Twitter is infested with them. 
Some people can steal your energy.  Seriously.   I hope Twitter people can't do it.  
Morning, Twitter. My tonsils are caning... 
Joined Twitter yesterday and only has 2 followers 
Chrome Question -I've removed thumbnails from the start page.  How do I get them back?  eg Twitter is not coming back as a thumbnail  Help
Morning Twitter Babes.. On my way to campus, still so sleepy. I hate Mondays 
@iammenina Yeah, really want one more week. My summer isn't complete yet.  We're using Twitter to chat, I love it :&gt;
@AnuTreat Oh, it's a project-size problem. I need to design an incentives and controls strategy for Facebook. 
Still Trying to Figure this Twitter thing  out 
Anyone getting &quot;Rate Limit Exceeded&quot; on 3rd party Twitter apps? Frustrating. http://bit.ly/w76Ai Maybe I have too many API calls. 
@siskita Oh, grr.  Reminder to myself, &quot;don't check Twitter if you don't want to be spoiled.&quot;    oh well.  lol  xoxo
Twitter ate my tweet!  I SAID...I washed the lucky out of my lucky socks.  
Twitter is keeping me up. Ugh! My back hurts 
I have no need for Twitter anymore. Tonight @ 12am EST....raidersfan77 says goodbye to Twitter.....FOREVER. 
@gabbydario People are still hating on Twitter. It's so sad. 
@lroseen Hey there! I'm off to bed (doggies will have us up around 7:00    , but good to see your green face on Twitter! ;-)
@jerseygalrocker So, Twitter hates me and selectively picks the tweets to send to me.  FUCKERS! I'll email you tomorrow! Eas still ringin!
 Noone I know is on Twitter!!!
So addicted to Twitter. My FB account is deactivated for the time being bc finals are here  pray for me that I make it out alive!
@theonetruebix Oh that blows.  That's why we need validated accounts now. Will they have an official presence on Twitter?
My stupid Twitter app stopped working. Had to get this one now. Don't like it as much. 
@LeoJ1984 Sarcasm is so hard to detect on Twitter 
Damn! Twitter is blocked in the company! 
doesn't really get this Twitter business!  Am I too old?? LOLs
@getmorefollower Honest answer is that I'm fed up with the deluge of people using Twitter for marketing instead of for socialising 
And even MORE annoying to hear comedians on #GNW bag out Twitter. There's no need to be mean 
Brother is apparently on Twitter but I can't find him 
Why is Ross Noble on Twitter but not GNW? 
@horno Couldn't find that Person on Twitter  ((((((((((
@msarrel Just like spam, someone must be following back the girls in bikini's &amp; people advertising &quot;Make millions on Twitter&quot;.  
Workload requires I stay away from Twitter *twitch* today.  Fill me in later bbs? *hugs* to all. (DMs I can look at!)
I need to sleeeeeeeeeeeeep.  Bloody Twitter addiction. 
Good Morning! Both Twitter and Facebook are blocked at work now. I feel so isolated.  #fb
I'm still not really getting Twitter  Am i getting old?
How do you get to 606 updates on Twitter?!  Amazing.  for all 69 of you listening, thanks.  No one listened to me growing up   LMAO.
Forgot to continue the Twitter role call...will try again later today 
Bt nt Tweetdeck  @curioushobbyist &quot;@inspectorsarit Interesting to see your multi-lingual posts. Nice to know Twitter is designed for it.&quot;
First time to do my Twitter Demo since Mix09 in March but it looks like Twitter changed their XML so demo is broken  45 min to fix it
Crazy busy day...  Not much time for Twitter 
Dell already won 3 million dollars with Twitter. Strangely, i didn't won nothing yet. 
Did wefollow. #christian #music #songwriter Getting so good at this Twitter thing. Of course I accid. deleted the real wefollow tweet 
Dear Apple I fraking *hate* the new force-Quit method in 3.0  xoxo Caprica *is bitchy when tired* night Twitter :p
@OfficialRihanna  Twitter is confusing the life outta me. Ha. Dont know how to work it. Damn... 
Screw it. Even Twitter is against me today  My last set of messages have just disappeared
@hazzzey Don't know. Barely watch tv. Puro Twitter 
Hello Tweets! Totally manic day- mixed in with swollen eye problems again! So not much room for Twittering and Blogging 
@karanbharwani Can u help me upload your Profile Picture once again in Twitter ? Some of the Twitter Client can't display ur pic... 
Just back from the RV Trip, Twitter API on Twitterrific was down all weekend  Sorry for the lack of updates! Hope you had a great wkend!
@ToniFerrara Phew.......I am soooooo glad Twitter does not have web cams. I have NO fashion sense 
Let that be a lesson to me: Always check for Twitter profiles before sharing coolness. Why didn't I discover @io9 sooner?  http://io9.com/
Still doesn't get Twitter??? I'm very confused still  (via @Lady_V_1)
Damn...I noticed I had two Twitter accounts and of course I managed to delete the right one 
@Livingfin  That's not good...  (hopefully he doesn't have Twitter &amp; can read your tweet!) Lol
@flyerboy_uk Have to say Uber Twitter is better than Twitterberry, still have not heard from Socialscope though  so can't compare.
@katecameron2002 I got very worried as well I was gonna get chucked off Twitter  lol Cant wait for The Wire to come back
@Twitter_ME_This I found your bat signal the other day but you haven't replied to my emailed questions.  U don't like me? 
Meh..Twitter is messed. I can't find ANY of my friends, or talk to the people i want to talk to. Plus, i have a major head ache! 
Im leaving out of here Cricket doesnt participate w/ Twitter. Which is BullSh*t too. So I cant tweet till 2morrow. 
@vchat my Uber Twitter isn't updating!  Hugh bitch ass! Ugh!
@JaneHungOz Hey there!  You are here for the fun... until Twitter goes down for maint 
Twitter will be down tonight for 90 min. for maintenance beginning 9:45 Pacific. That sucks.  LOL http://tinyurl.com/m2ypma
Hello Twitter! I know I've been neglecting you lately. Im sowwy 
Okay so im back. Twitter withdrawal is not fun 
I Have Been Neglecting My Twitter. 
@KitKatCraving Stop talking to me on Twitter when you're sitting two feet away from me. 
Sorry to everyone who has @KellyPepper and i haven't replied  Still haven't quite sussed Twitter out! x x
No more internet starting tomorrow...Goodbye Twitter 
everyone's using child-photos of themselves on Twitter, thought I'd join in. I miss my old dog Pippy  Love you boy!
@keysoffaith Hey, how am I not following you on Twitter already?! I KNOW I was at some point, and I certainly didn't unfollow you. 
@ninirific Maybe something is wrong with Twitter 
Facebook status: James can't get into his email account  Oh well, could do with a fresh start - the old one was getting..
Am i all alone??    Twitter is about twittering. so do it!
Missing Him!! Twitter Me RED?? What the heck is a girl todo?? Sad Face 
@UWM_CIO I'd enjoy a point / counter-point about Twitter, but not in HE, unfortunately. 
AHHHHHH! no twitter for an hour tomorrow  Twitter down for 1 hour at 2pm PST. Darn.
@berrylious OMG...I'm so damn late...still learning about the whole Twitter shyt LOL...my bad sweetie :-P ...didn't go to Dave n Busters 
Goodnight Twitter It is past my bedtime....I have a final tomorrow...boo 
@ThisIsRobThomas WHAT? The Rhapsody Twitter contest won't let the Canadians play 
@Bonedwarf Then I'll go buy Ghostbusters, and then I will be DEAD to the world for a day or two!  Also, Twitter goes down in 45 min 
Twitter update! My poor kitty broke is back.   Vets giving him two weeks.
@JLKulio No, I clicked on Twitter spam earlier and that's what happened. Lame.  changed my password, hopefully that will fix it.
@mattfraction Pls avoid posting Twitter IDs of Iranians. Might help regime blocking or finding them   #iran9 #Iranelection
@theblast Oh, that's cos I haven't fixed the link yet.  I'll do that soon. In the meantime, we have Twitter! Lol.
Want to write blog post about enormous social impact of Twitter after watching #Iranelection all night, but too busy and on holiday soon 
@WollemiPine Keep 1 email from '03 in my inbox. From Mom, a forwarded joke, asked &quot;does this make sense to you?&quot; Alas, 2 long 4 Twitter. 
Hello Twitter world. Lots of homeworks today. 
Hi, Twitter. I missed you.  HAHA!
@daveseaman Dave, I get my emails bounced back and can also not send you a direct msg here on Twitter 
@aribadler Twitter has never been allowed on my company's computer. Have always used my iPhone to tweet 
&quot;TweetPysch: #Twitter Psychological Profiling Has Arrived&quot; by @JBruin on @Mashable http://bit.ly/WZbAE Honestly, I don't get the result.. 
Ok ... about to head to work here soon.  I'm in a class all day so no Twitter  but my FB peeps will see less &quot;status&quot; updates from me LOL
@tommytrc WTF is up with that  Did you not feed the Twitter bird good food?
@lisamccormick ha! Yeah I know...if I don't get the Twitter bug now I'll never get it! Need more followers tho 
I Don't Understand Twitter at all! 
Unfortunately, my Twitter Experiments are thus far unsuccessful. The only new followers I've gotten are anime and golf related. 
@Katithecutie Ok I SUCK at Twitter.  I just saw that you left this for me!  I assumed that Twitter would e-mail me!!  sorry I missed you!
Twitter Noob Lonely 
Twitter is a microblog therefore not a proper place to mock people around. Geez, Indonesians and tech don't belong together 
Yes, that was a Twitter fail... Happens to me all the time 
Too much stuff about opera on Twitter, but NONE of it is about the good kind.  
I really miss a &quot;Report SPAM&quot; button in Twitter  It is moving more and more to a SPAM tool; hey, Twitter guys, anyone there?
I really need a &quot;Report SPAM&quot; button in Twitter  It is moving more and more to a SPAM tool; hey, Twitter guys, anyone there?
Not been on Twitter and Tweeted In Ages  Haha lol x
I'm done Aiming on Twitter. I don't like foggy weather.  &amp; I wanna play tennis!
Belated apologies to @rsmck @gpatnava for not responding to @ replies, bloody Twitter hides them by default 
Didn't make it to #OMS Long Beach today (Not feeling well and very busy  ) but catching up on Twitter
Ohh man. I can't post anything from twitlonger. Twitter has an hour of downtime right now  lol.
@xMeganBrittanyx I won't be able 2 watch OLTL 4 a few days.  Already missed yesterday's episode. Just read bits &amp; pieces of it on Twitter.
I want to be a voice actress.. i don't know how to do this.  Twitter Friends Help?
@amyordreamlogic @quotergal Yeah this is tricky to navigate. Revealing the Twitter bit was much less than subtle though. 
Just when I decide to leave Twitter &amp; go take a nap I get more pics of Rob filming in NYC. Dang it! Luv the pics but I need a nap! 
...........what am i supposed to do on here???? Shalice sucks at Twitter Orientating me.... 
I miss Twitter right now. Oh how i wish updates would come to my phone. 
Only 40 more tweeting minutes until im forced off twitter for an hour! :O Twitter Downtime... 
Well, 30 mins till Twitter goes down 
Noticing Twitter is a lot quieter than is was even this time last month. Hmmm. thinking half my buddies got bored and jumped shit already 
Getting sick of these goddam bots/spam following me and not one good looking guy bot  WTF Sort it out Twitter!
I have not received any Tweets since 10am! My Twitter is broken. 
Am I the only one Twitter is working for????  I feel so alone... 
@mcflymusic A photoshoot? Cool! Tell Harry we want him back on Twitter!! I miss his tweets  xxx
@tommcfly Get Harry back on Twitter!! Somehow! I miss his tweets! Really I do  haha xxxx
Did Twitter had a downtime? 
Uh-oh! Twitter fail! 
damn physical work !  Hi &amp; bye Twitter :'(
Tried out Seesmic Desktop 0.3rc1 - Worked with facebook, but didn't show my Twitter stream 
Hate how Twitter thinks my name is too long 
Twitter totally let me down. I tried to Tweet regarding ABC News male anchor wearing too much pink lipgloss but it never went through. 
Dear Twitter, I think we just ran over a frog.  
@geeksdreamgirl @akemigaines @sushiday @Brendacopeland Merci  I'm living proof that we  survive without Twitter.  But we miss friends. 
Twitter on my phone!! Cool!! I cant sleep though 
Finally joined Twitter! Still trying to re-adjust to life away from Dublin. 
The lack of AT&amp;T service in TCA is seriously hurting #ignitephx's ability to trend high on Twitter. 
Upset with Twitter right now! 
is totally wanting the REAL Ewan McGregor to have a Twitter 
@amerrylife That last update was meant for you!! Im going to bed!! This Lack of Twitter updates to my cell has me DISTRAUGHT!! 
:\ My Twitter account is only worth $84. Screw it 
Good night Twitter friends.  Yeah- we have 1003!!  I wish I could follow all of you- but they have me limited right now     2,001
Got a new Twitter homepage .. http://twitter.com/osama_gma .. But I'm not satisfied with it  .. I'll try to design a better one
Aaah, i stayed up till 2:30 the other night...not my best...i havent had a chance to Twitter since then 
p.s. for those coming late, my Twitter name had been 'TheOtherAlistai&quot; without the final 'r'   just learned how to change it Thx Ghennifer
Holy balls dude. Hahah. I'm just a TAD terrified of storms. Twitter is brokeded on my phonesies. So text me,comfort me, do something 
@Rachelle_Lefevr ! yay Im so happy you have joined Twitter!  But that really sux that people took ur name! 
@Rachelle_Lefevr HI! Sorry your real name was taken  Twitter is really kinda cool, looking forward to hear updates on your new movies!
Facebook Chat #Failed again  Maybe one day it will be easy to chat while catching up on FB happenings...
@AmyHungerford My work is talking getting on Twitter for business. I might have to lock everything up soon again. 
Entering the world of Twitter...  I'm scared 
Somebody should put Twitter out of its misery... 
No xbox. Entertain me Twitter 
You know, I always thought Twitter would help me find my next boyfriend. Sadly, social media does not work that way! 
Okay. I'm done with Twitter for tonight. Shall read a bit then go to sleep. Wish me luck on the Prov 
My SS, or maybe it's Twitter is bein slow  And I'm mad I've listened to this one song 100 times in one day *smh*
@AsaAkira yeah, but thats really just Chuck's webmaster - he's not really on Twitter hisself 
Anyone having probs with new version of Twitter Deck?  Should have never d/l it.   Any ideas when new version is going to be out??
@jaideepsk Agree.I think the problem lies in conducting with just one face.Trying to explain in detail-Damned Twitter too short for that 
@christash - Welcome to Twitter!!!  Searched Twitter for osce mission georgia: http://tinyurl.com/mkhl6k      : 
@christash - Welcome to Twitter!!! Searched Twitter for OSCE Mission to Georgia: http://tinyurl.com/mkhl6k     : 
Hi Twitter! I miss you! Lol. My dorm's wifi is still not available. 
@christash - Welcome to Twitter!!!  Searched Twitter for osce mission georgia: http://tinyurl.com/mkhl6k       http://url4.eu/Hmr
Playing with tweetdeck. Tis nice but wish I could find one Twitter client that does everything I want harumph 
@riversideboy I know  I need more people to Twitter with, Love to chat but a bit quiet on here for me at mo  My friends don't Twitter!
Having some tad problems with the new [SH]Twitter bot 
I have exceeded my Twitter API limit. Gosh. Was too excited about Singapore trending .. Can't tweet anymore  anyway i am going for a jog
My email has been bombarded with spams since on Twitter GRRR  No thanks, I've NO INTEREST in Russian ladies!
@O2 thx - no hints there either   Nice to see a company using Twitter well by the way
@Brygida_Poland oh~ Don't spoil me~~ I need more and more learning.... sigh  anyway Twitter is great English lesson for me!! lol
bilang dikasih spam lagi  *Horny Sophie is now following you on Twitter!* http://plurk.com/p/11lbon
@imapuffin Well there are too many idiots on Twitter willing to repeat ANYTHING.  
@Azonica ahhh, I see. Don't use a Twitter client on my touch. Not much point when you have to rely on Wi-Fi 
Just logging back into Twitter after a little hiatus. Our company disabled our access from work.  I'm still here though!
Ok so what's the dillio with the Twitter Mafia Family?? Been getting a good number of requests - I don't want to get whacked 
Do NOT liste to the quote thingy under this message you have to pay fo the followers so it's not worth it... damn Twitter Scammers  O_O
@Ceilidhann Aww, that's no good.   Anyway, in case I forget or the day's over when I'm next on Twitter - happy birthday for tomorrow!
@RedMummy It makes me feel kind of guilty and dirty that you asterisk out the &quot;o&quot;s in &quot;bloody&quot;. My Twitter stream must hurt your eyes... 
Don't know why, but when I click on Home, it always goes to my first Twitter Page, instead of this one.  Frustrating!  
Are anyone else's Reply and Favourite buttons messing about on their Twitter homepage? Their not aligning with the tweets for me?!?!? 
So, 2pac was on Twitter last night as @its2pacimback and thanks to the Unbelievers he deleted his page  So, here http://tinyurl.com/nqxhcs
Grrr, wonder if my Twitter problem is because work computers use archaic browser (IE6)? Was fine yesterday 
Invited to help folks understand the power of Twitter and what I do at a convention today. Right when the new iphone OS is released. 
http://twitpic.com/7mdnh - Oh look... Twitter can't count  Thanks for getting my hopes up Twitter!
@alex98angie LOL Twitter slow, connection slow, + my dogs don't care    Send them a camel that will scare them. lol
Dude, I Need to update my IPOD + Twitter sorry i havent been on much 
@KeliDawn Thank you! me too! Sorry it takes so long for me to reply, Twitter has stopped sending Tweets to  my phone.  I must fix soon!!!
@Benjimonicus Twitter FTW - minus newbies ofc ;) i think i am addicted actually 
Oh. My. God. I killed Twitter 
@HazelBlearsMP welcome to Twitter - hope you're not too downhearted at the moment - Gordon properly stitched you up 
Morning Twitter Loves, Last nights workout is havin me hurtin today  Workin til 4. Ugh!
@NessaBanks Hiddy young'un  unfortunately all the feeds are taking cue from Twitter today for me and freezing up  wha - you enjoy race
What a slow day on Twitter.  Someone post their boobs or something. I've got 5 more hours in the office 
@DonnieWahlberg BIG TWUGS &amp; TWISSES! Would be better in person though, oh well guess Twitter will have to do 4 now 
@CampbellSheri Perfect Sheri won't come and play on Twitter. 
Aah the fail whale cometh. Twitter over capacity  http://ff.im/-45WJQ
why are all these Twitter people taunting me telling me about Eddie Vedder tickets?  Ugh...want to go. 
Wow. Only took me 5 tries to finally follow @CrazySylvia and @jkdill ... Good job #Twitter 
@xTheLonelyGodx not sure my Twitter seems broke, not getting updates! I'm OK busy with work again 
Headache is back and I feel bad about being on Twitter while I'm at work.  Ready to call it a day.
@WhereMyEggsAt I'm sorry about the beta.  Know us Twitter girls are here if you need us!
Is it sad that I kept checking Twitter hoping at least one title would be retweetworthy by @echothirteen?  Probably 
Find your congressman/woman on Twitter: http://tweetcongress.org/ Republicans outnumber Democrats 2:1. 
leaving for school. AHHH. My 1st day but everyone else's 4th. I'm kind of excited? LOL. Tweet you guys later, okay. I'll miss u @Twitter. 
@soymilkandhoney @miccabandit Hi! I want to meet up but we keep missing each other...sadness  Let's talk on the phone, Twitter=not direct.
Really am off to bed now. The 498 unread messages in my Twitter Smart Mailbox will just have to wait until the morning I am afraid 
Yes, Tweeps, I'm a Twitter Burster.  (Twurster???)  It's this or nothing, survival of a crazy working mom.  Deal or delete me 
@DamnFaeries Bo... can you do me a favor and search my name on Twitter. I dont think I'm searchable 
@ndnchick I get those, too, and fell for the first couple 'cause I didn't know what was going on. Thought some were from Twitter. 
&quot;Other half&quot; had to choose tonight to check your posts on Twitter.  Not my best move 
Bored with Twitter 
Hey Tweets,  I know it's been a minute and i've missed you all . The iPhone has died andI had to wait till I got home to get on Twitter 
@dtagurit no I had pics but fn Uber Twitter hates me 
Twitter's Remove/Unfollow is not working! 
@ChaoticBarb So confusing! I'm using Twitter to get the questions, and will have two pages open to do this.   #fitfam #bluebox
@deemui why did Mel remove me from her Twitter????   
@TroyStith Hahaha! My Twitter account is so busted! I can't even get a pic to upload on Twitpic. Booooo urns! Sorry Troy...no sneak peek 
notes Twitter is now used in cyberwar. Bad precedence established.  http://threatchaos.com/2009/06/update-on-iran-twitter-us-cyber-war/
@A_raven HEEEYYY BOO! Where u been @ all day? No Twitter luv? 
@ChiefHava after Ike is when we found ur blog then ur Twitter account. Want to follow the store rebuild 
Didn't Tweet all day!! internet down more than10 hrs!! cable tv too!!! going crazy... Internet back up but not TV  I guess no AC360 2nite
I'm seriously loving TweetDeck. I'm actually using Twitter properly now! Still no #iphone 3.0 #jailbreak.  Good night!
I'm doing a horrible job at keeping up with this Twitter! Sorry  We are still eating healthy! I will be sure to get some new recipes out!
I hate that half your picture gets cut off on Twitter. HORRIBLE! Makes it hard to decide which picture I like. 
Woah I'm on Twitter! catchup:  @sarahkipling about interviews: GL!  @anwcole about loss:   @henrymccaslin about college: word. 140? check.
@PinkyandDan you were meant to talk about me and Tanya on the radio today talking about Twitter. Did you? 
@_adrenalinerush http://twitpic.com/7or7w - Twitter is being EVIL!  Maybe all of us broke it? And I see me ::shifty::
@peterfacinelli Help me get out of Twitter jail - Im here for you for #peterfacinelli #fix twitter  Their going to jail me on this one to 
@munyew90 my nightmare came true..   my father is now on Twitter. Yikes! :S
@tipexxed  you have my sympathies! I just have to remain on call via Twitter all day for work, but do have a 3hr train journey via Brum
Twitter is confusing now. I don't get the whole #word thing or Trending Topics 
Now I'm really panicking  Goodbye Twitter.
I am starting to loathe Web Twitter for not shortening URLs when redirected from a Tweet This button 
Show support for democracy in Iran add green overlay to your Twitter avatar http://helpiranelection.com/  ...overlay not working for me 
is trying to understand the basic of Twitter... Oooops! I'm so confused 
@LavenderPekoe Hum.. I didn't know hacking was possible on Twitter 
@mbloomstein The first thing I did after your tweet was to look for Ignatius J Rielly.  Sadly, he is not on Twitter. 
Just an fyi, I am no fan of Twitter. All the good sites are just blocked at work 
Dear #Twitter: I'm unable to remove blocked spammers on my follow list + I have to block one several times until they're gone. #PleaseFix 
Twitter me this batman... Muuhahhaha, the time has come to leave the beautiful seattle. Sigh 
If FB were smart they'd be more like Twitter. Once it got complicated it wasn't the fun, simplistic site anymore 
I won't be posting a Morning Twitter Link Round up today. Didn't find enough good links.  Maybe something later today.
@do_fan Sorry that you're having Twitter problems.  It can be a pain when it's not working properly.
@nicolaxiola HA!  Already sold them... but not from Twitter 
@miguelstdancer I want to give me a hi Dougie by Twitter, it would be asking too much? 
wonders if she'll ever be able not to hear Twitter instead of Zwitter in the Rammsteinsong with the same name.. Very annoying 
Well Twitter family, it's a no go for season 9  it's cool...another time and another place!
My Twitter keeps tweeting for me. Argh!! Virus 
My Twitter personality: likeable inquisitive cautious My style: chatty academic PARROT http://twanalyst.com/alkunst #twanalyst  parrot?
Sorry I havent been on Twitter much 
Sorry I havent been on Twitter lately  busy. busy. busy.
@Annie_Lang Mommas back baby!! Aww missed you on Twitter life.  Banter banter!! And in real life also!! xxxx
still learning about things on Twitter. There's only Krista that responds to me 
@jordanknight http://bit.ly/Y36Mo  Did Archie win the MR. Twitter contest? thats what its saying 
On the way home! Especially my Twitter clients were wiped out by the SMS guys.  Think I'll stop them from emailing their honeys!
@rgreayer No, Liberty Hotel never replied to me. They have Special Twitter Promos so I thought I'd ask. Oh well. 
Yeah like I have a chance...well at least I have you Twitter! What? Twitter? Hello?? Please say something... 
Jesus Christ Nobody Twitter for an hour it's all them damn Iran people bitching about everything! D: i can't get on anything With Twitter 
Ouch again!   Bye Twitter.  
(...) on Twitter either. You're really unreasonable Chris. And now I stop responding because I get really worked up. 
Attempting to change my location on Twitter to Tehran as prompted by @mishacollins. Gotta wait for home, though. Not doable via phone 
@TheEngineer2008 Sorry, Engineer...I forgot your Twitter name that you use. 
I can't stomach reading The Fat Jew's Twitter. The only word I can come up with to describe him is &quot;gross.&quot; 
Think I am giving up on Ms Twitter  there is no end in sight &amp; I'm almost out of top 20 goal.
Damn it. Most everybody famous I really want to follow is already dead and they are not on Twitter. 
@GaneshaXi Agree... but Twitter by default doesn't do image previews 
Hmm Verizon Wireless  Twitter app for all phones, or just new 1s that I will not purchase bc they are the same as what I already have 
@TINBand Twitter won't let me message you back, but I won't be able to make it tonight  Next one I hope. Thanks again. Have a good show!
@Ozark_sky Indeed! I have a business meeting tomorrow same time as the game  Twitter to keep updated!
Twitter Noob Lonely 
O'Reilly doesn't want to &quot;holler&quot; at T-Pain on Twitter... 
Hate how Conan makes fun of Twitter  come on if u don't get it don't hate
@inrsoul Been away from Twitter, sorry. I had this mushroom wrapped in beef thing at Sushi Tei. Guess the meat went bad. 
*peeks in* Ugh. Twitter after hours is sad and borderline perverted 
Apparetly my phone is sending text messages okay, but any text messages sent to me are not being delivered. Incl. ones from @Twitter  #fb
@peterfacinelli I just got a screencap of your followers at 496,000 or so... OMG you're either so close or Twitter is messed up again 
wonders why Twitter tells him he has 4 followers when he sees only two (and one of them is his &quot;secret identity&quot;. | Still unemployed 
@Journi I have been Good Twitter from my phone wasn't workin  but it is now plus I got to hear pastor Donnie mclurkin preach/ sing
wonders why Twitter tells him he has 6 followers when he sees only 4 (and one of them is his &quot;secret identity&quot;. | Still unemployed 
@tiffyoung - Hello babe! Yessss, you're the only other nettie on Twitter. None of them are! 
Where is Zach Galifianakis? He was the whole reason i started on Twitter and now he is gone.  
@peterfacinelli Evil Twitter is messing with your winning streak. 
I have decided to be like every other yuppie and join Twitter. Please add me as I feel rather lonely now having just gotten started... 
Grrrr. Why does Twitter erase my Direct Messages? I had ones I wanted to keep 
tried to make my Twitter avatar GREEN for #IranElection but didn't work properly 
@peterfacinelli Oh good Lord!  Twitter is the joke, not the election.  I am sorry for you that people don't understand that. 
I'm learning all about Twitter &amp; thinking about tator tots...My tummy hurts to 
Think I'm gonna stay off Twitter for a while. Feel like a complete idiot w/ the &quot;follow #peterfacinelli&quot; thing. Ok... Said it again! Ah! 
Twitter makes me go short on my punctuation  Soon the conjunctions and prepositions will bid goodbye too.
So you can use Tweet Later and twitter feed to help manage your twitter acc. I personally dun like tweet later tho  #scotweb2
@steveavery  - hehe, buggy as hell.  Twitter is very unfriendly to flash    Think I've ironed out the kinks though.
@jamienelson_ You have been added! I don't know if I like it though. Prefer Twitter 
Keeping an eye on the practice sessions at Silverstone via Twitter. Can't really watch it online at work 
Twitter is acting up like a little teenager  My posts won't update.... Hmm is there a total overload going on???
Finally! I'm now back on Twitter. My mom won't let me use the computer during weekdays cause of school... 
@ peterfacinelli Stopping to say good morning!  I am sorry Twitter messed up your bet.  
My dream teacher is requiring his students to use Twitter. So sad that he will be nothing but a err, dream teacher to me. 
Don't click that link I just posted, unless you feel like deleting your cookies to fix your Twitter page. 
Article about Twitter/history destruction is important.Is all this tweeting not able2Barchived? Oh dear. 
Unfortunately Twitter wont let me use Twitter in my URL  So OTHBugs it is!
Twitter::  Just got back from the social studies exam. it was hard   But i'm still guatenteed to pass! 
Twitter::  Just got back from the social studies exam. it was hard   But i'm still guarenteed to pass! 
The Beck album club thing is Amazing. I think I will do my own version, whereby I just listen instead of reinterpret. My Twitter is dying 
Never Mind Twitter you have let me down I think I am going to go pout now.  
@peterfacinelli wait, so it didn't work? What?! But.....no! Stupid Twitter. 
Bye Twitter. 
I wish Lewis Black didn't hate Twitter. Or emoticons. 
@LESMITH820  Sorry but I was just asking. No AUL part 2.   Someone get Lee Rose on Twitter!
@pageoneresults Very interesting work on Twitter SEO. 250xt tweet - wow. More surprised @ accts like maxoutfollow though. 
Twitter hasn't been cooperating with me lately. I can't see my updates. Did I hurt you twitter? 
Wondering how to make this Twitter dealie work properly. God, I feel old 
@TMobile_USA Unfortunately I can't direct message you unless you are following me.  Twitter has closed the loophole that used to allow it
What am I doing? Trying out Twitter. Could of sworn they said 'Little Kids' (hip hop), sounded great.  Anyone help...Google didn't 
Twitter is quite tonight. Oh it's cause people have lives! I hate friday nights in the house 
@rebeccakelley Say it ain't so  Just don't fall off Twitter, ok?
@eelrak Anyway, why are you replying to me through Twitter? Does this have something to do with replacing your phone? I can't reach you 
just signed up to Twitter but is annoyed they didn't have a decent Username for her  Hey Ho - Hello Twitter!
It is unusual that I am the last one up on Twitter  It's only because the Man is out so I have PC access for a change.
@karleemay I didn't pick up on that.  Weird.  The in reply to is one of my most used options to follow a Twitter convo 
@MrTweet only 400??? Shame on the Twitter population  
@blooey Suggest your favorite milf in Twitter. It has not success. 
Dang, why do I feel the need to post my depressed thoughts to Twitter all the time? Why can't I ever post something happy? 
Is looking for a decent Windows Mobile 6 client for Twitter. Tried Twobile... crashed 
@uzziemom    Try typing in the direct URL: http://twitter.com/#search?q=%23Iranelection After that, I'd report it to Twitter.
@SweetPossum I don 't have your number  Twitter was my only means of feeble communication. lol Next time I will try better!
Interesting how 100s recommended @faithgoddess7 today for #FF but don't seem to know she has left Twitter.  
@nickjacob_116 I would like to see something else.  Twitter is awesome.  It doesn't compete with troops and AKs.  Sorry.   #iran
All the green overlays on Twitter make me yearn for a Shamrock Shake. 
@aligibb thank you!! I texted Brigette about tomorrow. She didn't answer  I want to go. People are joining Twitter!! NOOOO
It makes me to jitter, does Twitter- It does not show adroitness - NO, IT'S POINTLESS 
@jennykevans Welcome to the world of Twitter.  Sorry I didn't get more time with you today 
Sad that I can only tweet to my friend Twitter... 
@estherpozo Hey! U got a Twitter!!! Woooo and yes fuck guys!!! Bahahaha.   I mean seriously can they get a clue?????? I miss .... 
Did ManaKnight just delete himself from Twitter? Ahh, now I'm sad... 
YFrog - Share Images on Twitter!:  ummmmm  http://tinyurl.com/l8rkjr
So Kay's ass been supposed to pick me up but im still home  Out of complete boredom..i decided to see what the big deal about this Twitter
@DarrenRoberts wake up at this time every day   I'm meeting up with some lovely Twitter pals for the first time today. Very excited!
No Internet at home, neither in my dorm. So that means I'm going on a HIATUS. Grrr. I'll miss Twitter, FS, and YM. And oh, blogs to. 
@KendraMarieK LOL! OH yea I finally was able to dress up my background. All I have to say is Twitter needs some work. Too many glitches! 
@SongzYuuup DEFINITELY thought &quot;twugs&quot; were Twitter thugs.... Was gonna use that one... too bad it's only Twitter hugs  twug to you!!
kfdsajfasfnlskj!!! Why am I so technologically, grammatically, and spellingly challenged?  WHY?!? Twitter is hard. 
How did I lose 40 followers in 1 hour?  My Twitter died I think! 
Doh, pulling twitkwik from the app store for now - need to write some serious code to handle the Twitter authentication changes 
@RachTheThing HAH! For some reason mobi Twitter's been off for weeks  and work has = nuts this month 
@sandy9866 I don't know - there is something kind of addictive about Twitter :/ Is it raining there? It is here - on/off  Never mind x
Was looking for the official Twitter account of our Chancellor Angela Merkel  She has Vidcast but no Twitter, how uncool! 
BUSY! bye for now Twitter 
isn't really getting Twitter yet  Why do I have green people? x
@TVFanUK No! Twitter is just trying to upset me today 
Do Not Use Twitter to try and get celebrities to notice you, trust me I tried and it doesn't work 
Do Not Use Twitter if you have an addictive type personality :o 
Twitter is not letting me upload a new photo...  Boo.  
Do Not Use Twitter in place of real relationships. 
@babyjamazing As of Thursday, KStew and RPattz do not have Twitter  So everyone else is fake. I'll try to figure out the rest for you too
OMG I fell asleep on Twitter that's really saaaaad! Night night every body 
Mawning Twitter...Looking @ the sky n hoping Camboulay doesn't canceled today... 
OI! @SardonicLesbian I was born well before 15 June 88 and I shall use Twitter! Don't tell me Do Not Use Twitter 
Gosh. 'Do Not Use Twitter when u have final exams' -- woopsiiee 
For those wondering, Crunchy is off Twitter.  He was like - yeah...no.  I might b right bhind him. 
I wonder how many people are using Twitter right now?? hmm brb I'm about to go to the gym ... then study Thermodynamics! 
Do not use Twitter, when you're talking with your friends. They'll say that you're a nerd  Seriously. I've tried it.
@KELLY__ROWLAND To Twitter hahaha.....so sad 
My Twitter Mobile is back... but now my tweetdeck is dead  Stupid World!
Do Not Use Twitter if you're a scary pyscho like benvhv 
Tink! sorry no internet I actually Tinked about 3 hours ago. Still not getting any of @JonathanRKnight's tweets  Twitter sucks!
Hello Twitter Bitters!! Who's going to B-Day bash today? It's too hot outside for me...I might melt out there. 
Do Not Use Twitter to say how much money you find..  ppl might try to beat you up... [even if its only a liddo bit]
I miss logging in to Twitter and Facebook everyday!  Don't have time na! DD:
Gmorning Twitter friends!!!!! Well I was suppose to go to LA...  dunno if  that's still happening
@UrbanNativeGirl Hey, Trying to DM you but Twitter wont let me  Its not serious, just wanted to ask you a question.
Do Not Use Twitter if you have a mosquito bite on your fingers.  Haha.
ok people my BBery came early and so hoepfully my next tweet will be from Tiny Twitter because TwitterBerry wouldn't download!  oh well x
@2LiveAndFly was planning on doing the same thing. Some of my fb peeps aren't on Twitter. Don't know if I want them to know the other me 
Twitter is not facebook. For the sake of my boredom, please keep the updates different 
Do Not Use Twitter to win free phones... never works 
@Owlcity Please get Relient K to come to Twitter 
Twitter has gone downhill. Good people like @AlexAllTimeLow @JackAllTimeLow @markhoppus and @mikegentile don't update as much 
Do Not Use Twitter to assume a new and cooler identity. I've already met you in person.  We both know the truth 
I have no clue what is wrong with my Twitter Today... Meh! 
@reneelace No Twitter? Wow... How very Iran! 
Hmmm - maybe this won't work.  I expected a different response.  Thought I might demo the collaborative aspect of Twitter. 
@sixredfeet Pshaw, check Twitter every day! Nah I'm a weenie and hae too much studying to do  Give her a bday hug from me tho!
I'm being antisocial today. This is MY day. I need to take it at my own pace. Getting high priority stuff done first, without Twitter... 
Awesome.. Paul's playing video games with my brother and I'm on Twitter 
@ThatJonasKidJoe  How come you aren't on  Twitter is boring with out you!
@and1001 Uh! Driving me mad. It's just now they've done this their 'war' is over! Yayyyyy - Iran is saved by green Twitter faces!! Not! 
@FLIPBRADY Eileen couldn't get on the Internet or onto Twitter. Why didn't you sat something? 
So Confused With This Tumblr...Twitter Confuses Me  ..Mon The Bebo!
Can someone help me with creating my own background instead of the Twitter-produced ones...I'm SOOO not tech savvy 
@ozh, your Twitter page looks like  on small resolutions! Check it out: http://twtbg.me/?t=ozh
I don't have any friends on Twitter  Well, time for plan B... FACEBOOK!
I have no idea of how this whole Twitter thing works.... I'm new here, and totally lost!    Somebody help me!!!!!!
@Kianasaurus - DUDE, I went on their Twitter and didn't see anything about Ian, so I went and read their myspace blog. No more Ian 
Its the end of the world. Update from Twitter buddies say its raining all over. 
@Valv30 Stupid Twitter... I barely even used it though... 
@ryee40007 Oh, I *really* wish I could watch that here!! (Twitter&amp;Twitpics is about all this connection can handle.) 
Ugh, it's bedtime, Twitter.   Let me know if any more &quot;I love you&quot;s happen!
@gjerikson Welcome to Twitter! Sorry, I don't update the blog much these days. Takes too long  Twitter is faster.
Trying to talk dale into Twitter!!!!  He's not buying it.  
Guess I should give in and start using Twitter  The total of three people I talk to use it.
@birdiebreeze BTW you're totally in charge of that Ning thing... I can't figure it out at all.  It's not FB or Twitter, so I'm stumped :-P
Dear Twitter, I hate being so busy I don't get to hang out here....how I miss chatting with my tweeps 
Gosh why this is so difficult to me..  Going 2 bed! G-night Twitter world... ZzZzZz...
Fake Twitter Invites Carry Malicious Worm: This is so freaking me out. I don't know what to do it it catches up my computer. 
Fake Twitter Invites Carry Malicious Worm: This is so freaking me out. I don't know what to do if it catches up my computer. 
@prismsinc Only land surveyors know about theoretical &amp; applied physics. You win this Twitter penis contest. Please stop scaring me. 
Sorta forgot to Tweet today.  Most of the repairs were made to house.  They forgot a window 
Feel sad about being off from Twitter for so many days. Sorry if you missed me! Will be back soon! 
Mental note: When posting tweets using LoudTwitter, make sure it says Twitter Posts and not Titter Posts. 
@stevensreeves Agree about Twitter. As a fellow Twitterer said in a DM to me a couple of days ago, &quot;it has lost its soul&quot; 
Finally out of bed. Good morning all. Twitter VERY slow this morning 
@giloi2009 Yeah I got excited by seeing that changelog, then was bitterly disappointed there's no push notifications for Facebook 
Consider it a test of sending updates to Twitter from my mobile. BTW, they're quite pricey 
feeling really bored right now. Someone give me Tablo's Twitter. 
Morning Twitter. It's spitty raining  summer has disappeared!
Hola Twitter. It seems like a lovely day today. A lovely day which I wont be enjoying as I must do a boatload of homework today! 
And here we go! Wishing I was @johnnyminkley  #f1 @pillowfort yes it is me I am the first officially retarded Twitter user
Hi Twitter. Wasn't able to go online for 1 day. 
Eeek, 10 days since my last Twitter update. Things have been busier than I realised 
@Haney259 i just got the re-run...  good luck on that macbook.  I love mine. NAMBU is the greatest Twitter client
@love_emilyx - Yeah, I was on his Twitter and he seems nice. I still miss Ian though 
Hey Everyone SO SORRY For Abandoned My Twitter  But I Promise Leave NOT my Abandoned Twitter ! 
Fake Twitter Invites Get yourself some Security software 4 ur laptop/pc. Everytime u hook up to the net it's open season for all hackers 
NO!! I neeed to do work...darn computer, darn Twitter...darn email! Thou shalt not get the best of me.. 
What are Fake Twitter Invites?  I'm afraid to click on tweet links. Can someone just explain in english? I don't want a worm 
Don't know what choice Twitter really has 
Twitter tools not working properly   Rusty motorbike bike on tfpc = http://bit.ly/CUv68
Haha;-) It's been a great day!! I had a good laugh^0^ Anyway, Nobody uses this Twitter around me. 
@peterfacinelli lol. Your Twitter is srly broken. 
I keep trying to follow back new people from this weekend, and Twitter won't let me  HI all! I'll try again later!
@LvdK HIerom: Show support for democracy in Iran add green overlay to your Twitter avatar with 1-click - http://helpiranelection.com/ 
@DailySpud Thanks for sympathy. Twitter is good. Hopefully it will be ok tomorrow. Egad. Tea should never be near computers 
@jtrev Me? Because it's just so soon after buring him, plus a friend Tweeted something that took me back to the day Mo called to tell me  
@EdBlonski LOL Our church doesn't have a Twitter account; this is on my personal account. It keeps happening, much to my dismay 
@TheHwicceMan Oh no  I miss The Spinning Hwicce Man - mean Twitter.
Twitter right now=Mean to me 
I need help. Which is a better Twitter name? TheMikeLopez or mikerlopez? MikeLopez is taken. 
Hello people / world/ anyone. I am so freaking bored!  Twitter is fun, hahahahha!
Ehhhh my Twitter is acting funky 
I'm back Twitter ;) Just leavn the library : very brief study session. Allergy apt in the am then work boo! I hate being a coordinator 
Trying to get Twitter to work through Fuser.  No luck yet.  
@duanebrown Blah! My Twitter account is getting spammed... 
I miss @jonfisher. He's away from his desk all day. No Twitter Talk. 
No one talks to me on Twitter anymore  Sad face indeed.
Tuesdays All A Twitter: Still having follow/unfollow issues  I'm going to switch from Decaf to water and jump on the machine for a mile or
Good morning Twitter. For the next two hours I am going to be hating my life in stats class 
@Kiesh It's a small (Twitter) world after all, huh?  Luv DC though.  Been there a few times.  Oh, sorry about yesterday's train wreck 
Since there's no such thing as a lull time here on #Twitter, I'll just have to keep trying to follow you back... over and over.  Sorry 
Sooo my pic is no longer show on my Icon...  awww Twitter ... In classs hooray...
The web interface is killing my #Twitter buzz.  I'm goin outside and feed my earthworm collection.  Bye for now 
@CreeperMagee Twitter keeps giving me a hard time about following you!  Could you @reply with your email?  Thanks!
Ok, but now I really start!! U have now idea, how much I have to study  I'm so stupid, I always go on Twitter, instead of studying.
Good morning Twitter ... i've Been sick all  night 
More Frustrated than ever with these Twitter applications  Crossing  fingers for new laptop t... Read more at http://bit.ly/Gku9L
@TheHollywoodHoe Sorry I missed you last night  It was about 3 or 4 or something like that when I logged off Twitter 
&quot;WARNING: Yet Another #Twitter #Scam Invades Trending Topics&quot; on @Mashable http://bit.ly/4QYxE Yet again... 
&quot;Twitter is over capacity. Too many tweets! Please wait a moment and try again.&quot; Delay now over and I forgot what I was going to say 
OMG... All I did was look on that site! I'm not apart of that 1000 followers a day site! Twitter is stupid! 
Four classes for two weeks - two papers due, lots of reading and what am I doing??? Tweeting!  Silly girl get back to work 
@survivors Great!!! You have no idea how happy you make me. Now we have to figure out a way to do that jobs on Twitter I guess 
GRRR! Twitter is getting on my last nerve! 
When did I get 317 Facebook friends? Feel bad for not talking to most of them now. Sorry 
Remark I just overheard &quot;Yes, I send nothing but links to my site on Twitter. If I can't many money off those fools, why use Twitter?&quot; 
@n_ng Thanks! I typed upsome of the story on facebook on a comment on my status. Twitter wont let me fit it here  Haha.
Thanks to Twitter, I now know that my one and only celebrity crush cannot spell. My disappointment is profound 
@HSBSuzanne Never mind. Twitter shortens it automatically. 
Sorry to everyone who's been trying to add me lately. Twitter won't let me add back and is not sending me the add requests #twitterfail 
I wish Nicole Anderson had a Twitter.  http://bit.ly/sRn4u
Argh.  Twitter won't load.  I can't read tweets past 4 hours ago.  
@tahniaroberts Very much so. (sadly). Twitter is an avenue for some huge egos &amp; people who like the sound of their own twits 
@jamiejamiecake My boxing Twitter feeds have been infected with other sports news too.   Unless Shaq's getting in the ring, I don't care!
@juliamartin8 Hahahaha I'll give you a smiley!  Tooo late. Twitter is a fail and only sent certain twits to my phone.  boo.
Stupid Twitter won't leave me logged in! OR let me customize my page the way I want 
Aww.Chels Can't Work Her Twitter 
@ModelSupplies Yes. #Twitter threw me under the bus again.  I didn NOT block you.  Was wonderin' why you didn't answer the DMs 
@NickyMcB I can go many days buy Twitter is screwing me up... In a few ways. Sad it seems bc it is just the Internet but what a mess 
Taking a day off from Twitter.  See u Friday. 
Bye Twitter. I feel sick 
Twitter is Boring ... there should be more options ... 
Getting MADDER b/c having trouble getting in Twitter's &quot;Tweetdeck&quot; platform from my desktop! GRR! Have to tweet from the website instead 
I've lost interest in Twitter already.  How? LOL.
@Powells I'd love that separate Twitter account. I live in ME, so can't get to in-store events. It just makes me sad to not live nearby 
Kyuhyun oppa is so nice to all his fans ^^ Makes my day...Cannot add music in Twitter?Aw,man 
The #reboot11 hashtag is hit by spam (Twitter enemy #1) - making it even more impossible to keep track of what's happening at Reboot 
@Twitter_Tips Mine isn't 
has been neglecting @Twitter but is back on board! Altho im still getting stoopid security messages and no background images 
@Kasia_S Might I recommend ditching hootsuite -&gt; tweetdeck w/ tr.im support? T supports multiple Twitter profiles now. Ow.ly bar != good  
@jewnet Please don't tell me your another Twitter user just trying to sell me things  I'm here for real people.
@TehKimber Am I glad nobody of my friends is one Twitter. They surely would laugh with me I think :o! It sucks for you though 
@majatutaja really likes The Sohotel in Little Italy they're on Twitter too @sohotel but no Standard rooms available from 06.26-04.07 
@twobdesired Um our guy is no longer on Twitter 
Got a slap on the wrist from Twitter for allowing Phishermen into my account 
So I finished Twitter trivia 28th out of 956.  No prize for 28th place. 
lutando contra a interLERD do CIn.. Failed to load 6 x 0 Twitter 
Hi @jayatownsend, @iaincartergolf is @iaincartertennis at the moment. Still no Twitter avatar picture though. 
@MskunkoLPs Yea, don't listen to him about Twitter. I don't act a thing like I do in my videos on here. I come here for help a lot. 
@MDlovesJK I was wondering why you change your avatar on Twitter I hope Jordan is OK 
Twitter on my phone is getting annoying Ahah. At summerschool 
Man i love Twitter! hahah! Okay, now, It's really boring, i have nothing to do  someone talk to me!! pleaseeeee.
Twitter and paper toss are my only friends today.  Just had camera talk. Ha!  This will be fun...not, I miss my boys. 
pleasantly surprised that Twitter isn't blocked at my job! Sitting at my desk bored until 5pm 
@Twitter_Tips Sorry mate... twitter follow fix still isn't working for me.  
@SallyHBewsey Oops, @littlemisscupcake's Twitter page is gone 
Goodmorning Twitter babes! I've had such a hectic morning! I've just had time 4 my twitter loves!   Okay so today I wasn't going to go 2
New Green Guide email asks readers to follow them on Twitter w/ no link back to their Twitter profile.  For the record, it's @NGGreenGuide
@paulabbey Oh, so you DO still Facebook... 
Omg! Twitter is so spammy right now! Search for reboot11 and you know what I mean  #RB11
@HematiteGoddess I just read that on another Twitter but don't see anny news about it. I guess it was just announced not long ago? Sad. 
Been so out of the Twitter loop these last few days 
@DaRealSunisaKim Thanks for the Twitter add, Sunisa! I got to meet you once at a HIN show here in the DC area and you were a sweetheart. 
wow that was neat, thanks God! OVERITNOW&lt;3  i apologize for sharing my spiritual moment with the general public of Twitter 
@SwitchItNow ahhh shiner Bock in Austin YES! thanks for the Twitter @reply so I can relive too 
@DonnieWahlberg I can tell u have spoken. FB &amp; Twitter are on Fire right now!!  Hope ur feelin better love.  have a great night...
@ninjaguitarsex I'm pretty sure the show part is just for before the show. Then it's like Twitter for the whole NIN fan community. 
@heidimontag Glad I could do my part! 1/185k worth...If you'd like to help me Conquer Twitter, I'd be grateful @jazf or http://jazf.com 
@MaraBG Goodnight I've enjoyed getting to know you too. Twitter you later 
Well Twitter, it has been an exciting date for me..  Victorious. I am going to sleep and see you all tomorrow.
@iphoneDEVgirl Just curious, why did you suddenly jump on Twitter and then become so active so fast? Greetings from Berlin! 
@RightGirl Give it a try. Twitter will still be here if you can't. 
@jfreem94 got a grade of 96.8/100 on @grader.  Check it out:  http://twitter.grader.com/jfreem94. Twitter fun! 
Wondering why Twitter had the arse with me last night. Bizarro!  xx
@Riles_puppy &amp; @PuppyJamaica Morning Pups! Thanks for the follow. Look fwd to barking at you soon!!  This Twitter is going to the dogs!
@BradSugars hi had shared with Jim P we had connected on Twitter.  Let me know if soho can assist.
@rachellondon Hahaha,maybe Twitter has a conspiracy and are checking all political based tweets 
I have worked out how to Integrate Twitter into a web page 
Welcome to the Coffee OnLine Twitter page! Please feel free to follow us in the Twitter World! 
@mojosanjay Nice suggestion to Tharoor's team on the use of Social Media. HIs asst must have responded. I believe he is on Twitter now 
@Pijrt oh no I don't know if they are on Twitter. We need Quinn here to - need to ask LittleBird 
Phew... have been away from Twitter for a few days, snowed under with work... what did I miss? 
At TC Beach Online(Kuantan(Malaysia)Macdonald's), Just Register Twitter ! Hello All The Twitter's !!! 
Bonjour Twitter... I'm going to buy the MacHeist Bundle...  designing a eshop again today, going to be expert in that!
Welcome back to Serge, Twitter  Portlets are now properly recognized with Pluto 2 and Websphere, more testing needed
@NurseMott You must think of alternative topics to post on Twitter from Facebook. I'm shocked at your lack of effort for a new Twitterer 
@DmitriCain Ok thanks! I am not getting off Twitter just yet. 
@a_glance_behind Hahaha I hope Danny starts usin his Twitter! And we'll find a way  We're the sisterhood of the travelling...Schmance?
@InnaLA_RE Lately, I've been a bad model for what to do on Twitter. Make at least 80% of your post on Twitter @replies. Engage people. 
New Post, Comments?: Thanks Everyone! Correction: Kate has 42 Facebook friends, not 41  http://tinyurl.com/d5vgv9
It's always great to hear from actors whom I've directed! Trying to encourage them to join Twitter! 
@BrionyLou yes, yes I am.  Although I have just discovered that I really dont know how to use Twitter properly 
@babydestiny24 What's Twitter?  OH!! This is Twitter.  Yea... My poor little birdie!  No! Here comes the FAIL WHALE!! 
I'm back (on Twitter)!  Just had an amazing week on the Andaman Islands 
@CHRISDJMOYLES Hello Chris. Did you know that the genuine &amp; validated Cheggers is on Twitter? @thekeithchegwin 
@ahj Hello Aled. Did you know that the genuine &amp; validated Cheggers is on Twitter? @thekeithchegwin 
@Sam_SMS That sounds like a very nice life you live, Im a people watcher too, thats why I love Twitter, you can watch all kinds of people 
I know, I know I have been slacking on my Twitter updates. But its hard out here for a pimp! lmao! Getting the tot ready for Daycare 
@pinkpebs Haha! All I know with Twitter is how to Tweet streams of cack!  THAT'S why I need &quot;delete&quot; functionality! I Tweet before I think
when will we see the first Twitter-phone? Remember where you heard it first 
@lukesmith Probably easier if you ping me on IM/phone, that's a little complicated to explain over Twitter. Ideally beer would be good 
@RNRWiggs68 Wow! You and I have really gotten into this Twitter thing! 
Good morning Twitter 
@britainbybus Thanks for the write up! Really glad the blogging and Twittering has been so useful to our customers 
@swapna_p Glad you made it to Twitter. Was fun to talk to you in London. Enjoy the party here 
Ooo im beginning to Really Like Twitter 
[VIDEO] Yes, me let loose on Twitter again...   http://twurl.nl/ik3icd
@JasonStatham1  Greetings Jason.  So far, Twitter's great today. Thanks for taking a moment for us.    Enjoy your swim.  Hugs, Angel
@philomglol Perhaps, but way more than 1/12th of MY Twitter population  Birds of a feather...
Teste Twitter 
Hello, people on Facebook. Do you like the way I'm spamming all of your newsfeeds with Twitter? 
@sergiopereira I'll better get crackin' on exposing the system as a RESTful service. Just to be consistent w/Twitter.  Thank you!!!!!!!!!
In bed snuggling up to my clean Puppy Zoe! Follow her on Twitter!!: @TheiPoodle... Good night tweeps! 
Must remove myself from Twitter &amp; FB 2 go study, work on paper, homework etc...my reward will be that i'll be back soon 
@melsmart @tmofee sucks big time! Oh well i can get Twitter on the mobile all is not lost 
I've just signed up to Twitter, and I'm currently watching the Doctor Who movie and texting Scott 
Hello Twitter. 
@JoeMcIntyre ~ Welcome to Twitter, Joe. I am so happy that you have graced us all with your presence 
Welcome to Twitter @BaoJ. Do you know you're my 175th follower? 
@benshephard Hi Ben nice to have you on Twitter  x
@Astro_Mike welcome to Twitter and post photos soon please! 
Watching Oprah that I had taped from earlier! It's was about Twitter today! 
Ashton is going to be Oprah!  All hail the Twitter King! LOL!
Watching Oprah show talk about Twitter 
Hey guys.... come visit me on Youtube http://www.youtube.com/user/SirAlmoIs and Add me as a Friend  
Trying out Twitter for the first time. I just saw it on Oprah! Very different site. Going to to take some getting use to!! 
My college freshman roommate, @BluephoenixMD, is now on Twitter. Welcome to Twitteria, Dr. Sangrador. 
@WEGMusic JB fan!  Direct Twitter!  hahahaha!  
Night Twitter peoples.  Was fun   Time to call it a day.
@zaneselvans Zane, thanks. TweetDeck is so much better than Witty. You might actually get me to use Twitter after all. 
finally going to bed, after watching Oprah talk about Twitter  Fun stuff!
@thetechnewsblog - I have to agree with your post Jim. I have definitely modified my use of Twitter, although I have not reset to zero 
@texasturner lolz probs just takin a break off tweet. Twitter wldn't suspend such sweet peeps  Will keepya posted hey!
Hello Twitter!!!! 
@Walshy22 welcome to Twitter  Have fun! (via @tiffany_kay).  Hey you looking foward to the legaue?x
@aplusk Just saw an ad on a digital billboard here in Columbus, OH saying: Follow Ashton on Twitter ;) That's interesting 
Hi Twitter.. having coffee 
@panacea81 Just found you on Twitter and I am sooo new to it so I hope it works! You have another Aussie follower! 
@celtic_thistle Yep I do believe you can - just find the phone number for your country in the Twitter help 
Well, the stars are telling me to go outside, smell the roses and stay away from Twitter, at least for today...   http://bit.ly/15r1bk
@llllloise ...You made na your Twitter! Haha. D Upload a photo.  UPDATEEE! 
I hate Twitter. So.. I thought you should know. 
Err or shameless 'plug'. Twitter needs spell check or something. Or maybe I need to lay off the insulin 
@Zillygrl Hey Huni .. so glad to see you on Twitter my beautiful one 
@kaznakamura Henry Tsang has joined Twitter as @htwashere  Should show him some tweet love 
@Oprah Welcome to Twitter Nation 
@MrsWsKitchen Glad to see you on Twitter!  Since we are both new, we can discover it together.    It will be fun.  I love new adventures.
@courtkin Hey girlie - 2010 is so far away, how about linking it to your Facebook... it's really useful!!!  
just really cant believe all the celebrities who are on Twitter Damn Oprah i guess you do have alot of free time 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/3iqyf - Tom are you Twittering on Twitter???? I think soooooo 
This is my NEW Twitter 
@QueenClariss IDK, I sent you a message by Twitter, so it came where you registered... 
@centernetworks Yup! I think it's cool. Many of my co-workers here do too. A friend working at Twitter even uses TB for his support 
@etherealwillow Welcome to Twitter. Short sweet and to the point. 
I found my Twitter background on my desktop.. Yeah  But think I will still make a new one later.
@taylorjerrye On Twitter too... like I said, keep the updates coming Jerry!!  lol.
Hi Twitter! I haven't forgotten about you.  it's 11 pm here and I've been busy with wedding plans and school. 
Twitter Fam wat up,  had a great time shoppin i tried on this beautiful dress 
@roshie_early Welcome to Twitter.  It's addictive 
First Tweet ever thanks to @crackr!  Twittering live from Orangesky, Stage Club in search of tall Russian women ;)
@jordanknight I only joined Twitter because Donnie joined... Twitter's actually not so bad. It can be fun... enjoy!!! ... and Thank You! 
@Amycjnz Hey Amy, welcome to Twitter and thanks for the follow 
@4ever3 Hey good to see you on Twitter now too. Been reading since you came over to SB Nation. 
@OfficialDHough P.S. tell your boy Mark to get on Twitter!!!! 
Hey guys.... come visit me on Youtube http://www.youtube.com/user/SirAlmoIs and Add me as a Friend  
@cynthialarson Happy, happy, happy that you found me on Twitter! What fun 
 @theenglishmuse on &quot;Karl Lagerfeld&quot; 's Twitter profile(s) lol!  Heart the first pic http://tinyurl.com/cbl6tm
The Stooges are on Twitter.  @dhmbxtch @wigcryptkeeper @TootieJ
@nullsession Well, I AM on Twitter 
@jordanknight first Tweet!  Welcome to Twitterland! So glad you finally made it on here.. Lots of love from Toronto  xoxo Lo
@Sweetnote hey, ok! i'm convinced!! You are irreplacable on Twitter. Or something.  (Love you mommy!!)
Just had my 5 year old declare, &quot;You should so put that picture on Facebook!&quot;. Maybe we spend too much time online? 
lol...I see Oprah is now using twitter...she needs my Twitter Trick ebook  http://infosteals.com/twittertrick/ I think she could afford it
Tata for tonight Twitter. Today was fun and interesting. Haha goodnight. 
When someone LOLs at what I say, I'm pretty lost since I don't have a clue as to what they're LOLing about on Twitter. Include a hint plz 
Home again Twitter. Had a good day. Don't worry - I'm not going to do another rant tonight. 
@Jamesallenonf1 Loving your tweets, have Twitter, TV and web timing  #f1
Still trying to figure out this Twitter thing. Wish i had a Blackberry. Going to start the hookah! 
ad: The smart way to promote products and services on Twitter! It really works  Try it now - http://be-a-magpie.com/xygbn8
All done dancing at Charlie's in Hesperia. Now to go to sleep. Goodnighty Twitter Land! 
I should design a Twitter Cake. Bet it would taste Tweetalicious 
@jordanknight Hey Jordan. How are you?? Good to see you here on Twitter 
OK. 5pm, 7-11 Convergys. Wherever Convergys exactly is, I will figure that out! It's a Twitter date! See you! 
@kellymhall Well, you can talk about how Twitter is a virtual sportsbar with the right hastags.  #f1 #web20
Am I the only person who thinks Franco Urru needs to have a Twitter page? LOL. 
@Oprah Hey it's nice to know your on Twitter 
What's this? @mrchrisaddison on my TV screen, with John Amaechi? And talking about Twitter now... 
New to Twitter!!!    Now what???  
A Twitter Login Panel has been added to your NiHao People Profile page. At present it is inactive, but will be functioning soon 
@SuziDafnis Thanks for the link to http://tweaktoday.com/  A fun idea!  Also found @tweaktoday on Twitter.
@iamdiddy yeh Lol first Black President of Twitter LOL you like you were enjoying your live session 
@pusakat glad to see you here. Thought that you're too cool to use Twitter. 
Twitter works from my phone. Ya 
It is Sunday afternoon, I have hit smthing called API limit on DT;clearly I need exercise. Back later  Twitter ye rose buds while ye may.
@PainterNik  yeah, I just don't get it tho,if i post a comment how does anyone see it? I like Twitter but with Oprah on it's not special!
@randaclay Hi-May I bodrw the PSD's you created your wonderful Twitter-badges, as I'm Danish and I'd like to translate them to Danish 
I found Katy Perry's Twitter! Awesome!  
@Cuteoverdose Welcome on Twitter! I'm so glad to see you here as well 
@ev Thank you for Twitter 
i chill ..  i want to get new memberships and more   greetz Dj Dragio Newbie of Twitter .
@jeffpulver That's true and this is worst on Twitter because there's a lot of people around you. Increase the loud of silence. 
i chill ..  i want to get new friendships and more  greetz Dj Dragio Newbie of Twitter .
checking out this much talked about Twitter... Thanks Jen! 
@MitchBenn Take a photo, upload to Twitpic, ask Twitter to identify him. 
@optomjill Ha ha ha ha ha ha tweet tweet  Welcome to Twitter world! Smashin!
Twitter is taking over the world...lol          Glad to be a part of it 
@debsurva thanks. Already out.. Tweeting fr0m bike 
Good morning Twitter! 4 hrs of sleep, &amp; I'm up before my alarm goes off! I'm excited like a 9th graders first day of school 
Sweet! I finally figured out Twitter from my phone  Woot!
@KittyLovedPain Certainly not since you declared it to the whole of Twitter 
@mcflyharry I just got Twitter, too and your the first I write to (u c, you can call yourself a very lucky person xD) Come to Germany? 
@sarah_holland I can't see JK becoming a frequent Twitter but a few Tweets now and again is better than nothing! 
@richardsession I have been in a project cycle with the City Twitter Guide... WHICH is killin me... BUT coming to some resolutions 
@LindaTrout mornin  LOL I like your Bio on Twitter re: the kitty druid and &quot;not enough energy&quot;
Hi connor_canty, thanks for following us on Twitter. Join us and register in our Tech Conclave community at www.techconclave.com/forum! 
What the hell is Twitter!? Seriously? All i do is post what the french toast I am dong and people like this? WEIRD! LOL       
Ein Twitter Song  - http://blip.fm/profile/michaelgrainger/blip/7684394 (You're No One If You're Not On Twitter - JB Walker)
Woohoo! @DaniLeg has a new Twitter, and is hopefully going to be slightly more committed 
@murnahan who cares what Oprah does or doesn't do? surely we have better things to do than worry about her on Twitter... imho 
My favorite part of Twitter: Jumping on &amp; seeing only parts of conversations...hilarity ensues 
Ooo,lots of things to catch up on! Not looked at Twitter in ages. Watching Manu vs Everton after been out in the sun 
@AgingBackwards  i can imagine she could make that happen.  RE: Will Oprah Ruin Twitter? http://is.gd/sZQm
@jtlongandco Those were just the ones I know that are on Twitter. Oh &amp; Twitter is on it too. Article is almost done. Just a few tweaks. 
@gillhallgirl Welcome to Twitter, Mom!! 
@maramingsalamat Hey what's up with your Twitter name? Kababayan? 
@GatorGames Yes, post sales on your Twitter feed. 
@aplusk Hey Ashton, saw u on CNN the other day promoting Twitter. Well done, u persuaded me to use Twitter  Thanks
FYI .... I shut off my device updates for the weekend.  I need a Twitter vacation again.  
Keep Twitter sane .... #unfollowanyonewhoisfollowingoprahcampaign2009  
Hi  im from Uruguay , and ive just started with Twitter...
Finally signed up to Twitter! Hello everyone 
Hummm. Now at 17 followers on Twitter. Need one more to out follow Grumpyboy. Come on friends, see your peeps to smartgurlca on Twitter. 
@dj_nyce I can't say what happened on Twitter. Ill get in trouble ;-p Thanks for checking on me tho  u spinnin @nite?
@singlegirlie It's part of who you are, according to your Twitter name  Change it to engagedgirlie and see what happens -loss of followers
@nik_j08 I Entertain others with My Facebook Status Updates and my Drunk Tweets  I also entertain the ladies with my Charming Personality
Ha ha... That was supposed to go to Chacha. Not Twitter. I need to go to bed. 
@YESandME @Twitter_Me_This arg normaly I would be  that JRK tweeted but now my pages is full of replies and I was in the middle of .......
@Sheamus  Hi, just recommended you in our &quot;Getting started on Twitter for Musicians&quot; blog, hope you like   http://is.gd/told
@SusanB791 Welcome to Twitter! Just take your time and you will discover many fascinating people that YOU can choose to follow. 
@oonyeoh @suanie Hmm ... your replies seem to be the common opinion  Thanks. Just curious, reading all these Twitter intros.
Bye Twitter. I have been on here for an hour. Should probably sign off and do something actually productive 
@ktbanks Yes, you can.  We can end this Twitter-diction TOGETHER!  Wike a hoppy fommolee. 
Ok, since Twitter sucks, I'm gonna just tweet myself... 
Busy day today, sorry Twitter 
@jackpea &quot;Do you use Twitter?&quot; 
Hello Twitter  Bon we ?
Ok, that's enough of Rufus on Twitter / YouTube, from now on he'll be in my studio. 
Sometime, it's like we are playing Twitter Game 
@paulgwee Hey Paul, If ur alerts are from twe2.com &amp; u've stopped recving them, u gotta check with Twitter - it's not blocked by StarHub 
@hackedunit Twitter is a service.  Let go....found this interesting article for you.  http://is.gd/tfS4
@Schofe How do you Twitter that quickly?!?! Is someone doing that for you?!? 
Oh yeah.  #44 on Fast140, a Twitter speed-typing game.-http://twitpic.com/3ndn1
I would like to propose a Carry On Twitter film. There are some highly qualified people here 
The real Sarah Beeny is now on Twitter  Check her profile and say hello here &gt; @sarahbeeny
(@Tigen) Testing out Twitter coz the media wont shut up about it.....if you dont hear from me ever again try facebook 
@angelistic I can't do anything about it. The Twitter servers have been under very heavy load at times lately. Must be the Oprah factor 
@skinnycat01 Well at least you got my Twitter Name right 
Joined the Twitter land 
@dannywood We are so glad you are on Twitter. It was a struggle getting you here. We feel more connected to you guys this way. 
@MeganMcCarthy Just groups within TweetDeck. Helps me follow Adelaide people better  Pity Twitter itself doesn't allow any grouping
@raleene see how awesome twitter is! Now I can make fun of you in 140 character OR LESS! Thank you Twitter! 
Good Morning Twitterers!   It was a delight to get to meet some Twitter Friends yesterday.
@brandonwalowitz Aww... I hope you change your mind about Twitter. If you ever do, I'll be here reading. 
@Mendrax Welcome to Twitter Jon Little! 
Flutter... the next Twitter... http://tinyurl.com/abogcw - 
@Jennabug Happy birthday twins!  And congratulations on &quot;going Twitter.&quot;  Be prepared for addiction.  
@lizstrauss Always - you're one of the &quot;Must Reads&quot; on Twitter 
@Salw Good for you  I have no respect for @aplusk anymore, ever since the whole Twitter obsession thing he has goin on
@ERIKAROMAN - Nice to see you here on Twitter Erika! Looking forward to staying in touch with you 
@kravitzs120 That is interesting - Uber Twitter has some smart developers 
OMG Ashton!  You are going to be really hard to follow!  Do you sleep or are you up all night on Twitter? 
Ok people I am now on Facebook, I have caved to the peer pressure! Add me to your friends' list, K? 
@dotboom for the record, I don't handle the Twitter app reviews for @iProng Magazine - got staff for that 
Woke up early to buy Tweetie for mac   @atebits is killing it with the Twitter apps
@Oprah Welcome to Twitter! Love your picture choice; please let me know if FURminator can help with any of your great animal causes 
@Oprah Welcome to Twitter! Love your picture choice; please let me know if FURminator can help with any of your great animal causes 
Apologies for clogging up everyone's Twitter this morning. Little else to do! 
I just got followed by the NSW Police Twitter account! Luckily I had only just flushed all my virtual drugs down the cyber-toilet 
Hah just watched a report on BBC Breakfast about Twitter, made me laugh 
@CocktailChic Procrastinating studies by being on Twitter  ! What do you do - work or study or both?
The media here in OZ is giving Twitter a great rap - Sure 2 hit over-overcapcity 2 morro - So good luck in advance we'll probably need it 
Good morning Twitter! Courier arriving soooon, which means I can go to the studio later. 
Everybody please welcome @lehuakalima of the super group Na Leo to Twitter! 
@becs27 - This is Twitter. Please keep things seemly! 
@djackmanson What, a chick says &quot;masturbation&quot; on Twitter and that makes you laugh? Oh well, glad to have made you giggle, anyway.  ht ...
@ludwikc well done. I'm suffering from Twitter addiction at the moment. I was addicted to Live Spaces before. I've moved on  so pathetic
@leisa needs end2end commitment. May be too late for current generation - need to get in early. Hm, too hot a topic for Twitter 
ad: The smart way to promote products and services on Twitter! It really works  Try it now - http://be-a-magpie.com/xygbn8
is trying to remember why I joined Twitter...Oh yeah, NBA Playoffs 2009, Viktorio, &amp; Ellen! 
@mahesa I run Jakarta Twitter user group, just introduced you to them. Expect a bunch of new followers 
@krystyl Thanks Krystl!  Parris'  Twitter is  @phashion_tv  Ck out our Blog  www.phashionarmy.com  Leave us a comment 
@KatieTenkate @hannahdare Hey you can update your facebook status using your Twitter updates. Will ignore replies and direct messages. 
My first day in Twitter It will be interesting I think So do you want to see my hometown?  http://www.admkrsk.ru/doc.asp?id=12
Twitter is cool! First time using this ...i got this because of ellen 
Good  I got my pictures on Twitter. I know it is not the best, but....
@rebecca_iscool Starred! That HAS TO BE the lamest reason for getting Twitter ever! 
@terrymichaels Twitter Tuesdays sound awesome! 
Yeah.  I think I have linked my Twitter with my FB.  I am truly in need of a social life 
@richie666 They should! KO on Colbert and vice versa on the same day! That would be sweet  And thanks for TimmyG's Twitter
@GuySebastian Id like to thank you for introducting us to Twitter  Its brilliant !!!
@crazyp38 Welcome to Twitter!  A great start is finding &amp; following interesting people (with keywords). I like  www.Twellow.com. Enjoy!
@Pixxie33 Welcome to Twitter!  A great start is finding &amp; following interesting people (with keywords). I like  www.Twellow.com. Enjoy!
@Majento Whats a Twitter Smoke detector? 
I just saw the future after watching Kaleb Nation's latest vid on Youtube. *Are you reading this Kaleb?  My future is filled with Twitter.
@O_Magazine Put the Twitter bird on your shoulder for the cover | Instant sellout 
Finally finished the kolaches (Lynn, a few coming your way) and now off to hit the hay.  Nite Twitter Bugs.  
@mikebaronowski Whee, welcome to Twitter 
Sitting here getting addicted to something new when I should be sleeping. Stupid Twitter. Ugh. 
@patte3992 It was from their Twitter  There's something you would click, then there would be something that would appear in the box. 
Hmmm...Tweetdeck seems a bit easier than regular Twitter. Guess I am now fully engulfed by the &quot;Twitter Phenomenon&quot; 
Hello Twitter friends how have you all been?  Ladytron and I have completed 4-5 songs, can't wait for you all to hear them, so exciting!
@Syesha I would totally have to say Twitter its so quick and easy and I can do it through my phone its awesome ! 
7 Ways to Approach Twitter - No. 7 probably suits me most  - http://tinyurl.com/cdovtg
is currently downloading TweetDeck. Wow! I'm beginning to love Twitter now. 
@DavidHowell @danudey Jesus christ...Your recent comments are the reason I follow you on Twitter---&gt; Guess I'm safe saying hi to you both 
Took 2 hour nap, now pondering working on a house music mix in the lab - what's up Twitter folks? 
@migitymike yay! Mike is on Twitter 
@amrithallan I'm very new to Twitter. Just changed the settings 
Is New 2 Twitter...So Hello All  x
@MzRocknRoll Thank you  ,@SASSS09 The way to improve your Twitter Score is getting more followers (If can help http://tinyurl.com/dfg6hk)
Music/Offer: Tell me your favourite song in DM and I may broadcast/retweet it to Capetonians on #Twitter 
Got to hear a live stream with @imogenheap, how cool is that? I love her. I Love Twitter 
@Seanyybear OhMyJonas Rosie's Dad Has Twitter  ;)
@allenloh Hehe... Thanks for the review. I decided to skip it since both FB and Twitter apps are quite comprehensive.. 
How do random american people find me on Twitter? Why?? LOL 
Quote: Twitter: because you're holding on to the illusion that other people care 
@Kotaco you gotta be the best Twitter Feed on here Awesome Stuff Kotaco 
@LiquidToffee  Awesome &quot;Saturday Twitter Twist!&quot; Just what I needed to get me moving this morning!  Thank you!  http://bit.ly/rhTR1
http://twitpic.com/4ef1o - From my update  Have a great day Twitter!
Okay it's time to get off Twitter, drag my ass into the shower and go out to have lunch  ttyl Twitter and remember spread #ChrisFlu lol 
@thecrow_35 LOL  You won't get rid of me that easy cuz, Twitter will drive you crazy or will get you addicted as well, your choice  Thx!
@NikaMohar Something new on Twitter. First time 'called' by name. 
Whoa...#awaresg is the No. 1 trending topic on Twitter right now.  I'm glad the old Exco is back in business 
Not too fond ogf Twitter and its navigation compated with Face Book. And the threads? It is like being stalked 
@JulieAbel The owner of @poppys_pizza in Estes is on Twitter. Just a recommendation. Have fun! 
@ruthbratt Welcome to Twitter! Any friend of @SarahMillican75 and @okse is a casual acquaintance of mine! 
@Anto_Finn Welcome to Twitter. Now go find some famous people to harass. It's working wonders for me!! 
Alicia's officially on Twitter! Follow her now @SuperwomanAK 
love it, just from. mufasssa, ;DD Now nick whas on our official Twitter, get buy him  ;D
@mmWine So far so good.  But I am determined not to spend it trapped by Twitter. How are you?
@Vloggergurl88 Horray! Slowly one by one, everyone falls to Twitter 
@missusP it's nice to see you pop up on Twitter now and again. Don't be a stranger  will I get to see you out and about this summer?
Good morning all my Twitter friends .. I hope this is a great day in your life .. think something good! .. and then make it happen .. 
Twitter is definitely acting up today, it won't show my Bit-ly links correctly...really sorry! I'll try to get it fix right away. 
Saturday: Study for finals. Get hair done. Twitter, Blog. Sleep my life away. Sounds like a good ass day! 
That was great. Super organized. Unloaded a ton of paint cans and never got out of the truck! Heard about it via Twitter 
The F.B.I. is Following You (on Twitter) and Responding | techPresident: Customer service!  http://tinyurl.com/cs4zcd
@lesserdevil I quit my job to tweet...i survive off Twitter and Taco Bell...and i nap as to not miss a Tweet 
@Alluminare Everything comes in cycles sweetie  Hopefully weather will stay same and Twitter will again get hot 
I know of 2 people in my current Twitter Timeline who are totally amazed at something they've received. I know their jaws are dragging. 
Just getting my feet wet with Twitter. It's like a giant online text message and we all know how girls like to text! 
Guys, tweet a Twitter newbie @Ax_Baller &amp; tell him how nice I am!  Follow him too! He'll return to Twitter after the wkend. I made him mad
UltimateNileyFansite on Twitter!! It was too long so I used Candy00123 lol 
@earthcrew Yeah, I wasnt watching but got second by second updates via Twitter 
Think I'll invite all my Twitter followers / followees (yes, that means YOU!)  over next time I make tamales! woohoo! fun!
@timTech oh sweet!!! I didn't knoany of the members were on Twitter! Will have to follow when I get home 
@NancyHightower Congrats on the phone! I recently assigned mine to Twitter. It certainly makes it more addictive -- I mean, interesting. 
@thewildjoker has 3802 followers on Twitter: http://tinyurl.com/dnd6xx Need 198 to reach my wkend goal of 4k 
@indiesupernova Twitter doesn't want your face on their site. Hahaha. 
@celsbels Hahaha exactly! @milagro88 is one of the most gracious hostesses of the Twitter cocktail party 
@TroyM7 thanks  - just back on Twitter. Yes the flock always arrives when I mention the creation of the world...always a loonie magnet 
My band The Kill Scene are now on Twitter - @TheKillScene 
#shared &quot;Let workers text and Twitter&quot; - http://bit.ly/11oa8 ~people who text and twitter are far more willing to work vampire hours 
@theycallmejenny Listen to this - Losing my Religion with Monks  http://tiny.cc/Listen770  Saw someone post it on Twitter.
@mscofino Thank you for introducing me to more Japan-based teachers! My Twitter follow list runneth over 
Hmm Twitter is pretty cool 
Hello Twitter 
@LauraWhittaker Hey laura ... I know stuart has a facebook account and one on Myspace ... he hasn't quite got into Twitter yet 
@charlienorth Ah, okay. No big deal.  My tweets are seldom interesting or relevant anyways. Twitter needs to get its act together, though.
@epcotx @TwitBotNews  @Gmoney52 TY 4 the #folfriday recommendations! You're what Twitter is all about! Cheers!  (Thank-You Again!!) Gmoney
@Lovelyera you're on Twitter!!!!! Start updating. Doooi it 
@Shla0321 Twitter what you buy, Auntie!  
imma go out in the garden and tan my milk bottle legs  Tweet  Away Later =D
@leightonmarissa Whoa that's your movie with Cam Gigandet right? Awesomeness. Have fun!!  Twitter is way addictive, I know!  x
@mattlauzon Welcome to Twitter   It's a fun place.
Woke up wayyy too early..siiigh...have to wake up at 6 tomorrow for exam! &gt;_&lt; Good morning Twitter!! 
@Kiniki_James Hi - sorry about delay in replying. Twitter data issues! We aren't a customer. Just looking to offer some host scanning 
Suggested tagline for Twitter &quot;where stalking is legal&quot; 
DL a new app for Twitter: iconnect. It's got a cool look to it. 
@silenttweet Seriously, it is an honor. Do you know how many guys are in Twitter, and we picked you.  @Trish1981 @AnalystAlterEgo
Welcome to the VIP Chauffeur Twitter Stream 
@rosie_edward Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets! 
Hellooooo Jades on Nessas Twitter muahahaha 
Both of my writers on Twitter now. @WillowRaine and @ThisJessicaRae. They are both amazing. 
@SharneseLaNier Hiya Sharnese, long time no tweet, how has ur Twitter cruise been ? 
I disappeared from Twitter for a while. Just didn't wanna bother with it. Coming back, with Brightkite too! 
In case you're wondering who I am, I've just changed my Twitter name from EmSpaceLisa to something less work specific. Luv to em spacers. 
@terirn BTW, you need to get hubby on Twitter. Give him something to do besides walk the dog... 
Promotional Message  : Ethical Twitter Marketing Practices http://budurl.com/twittaff
Excuse me Twitter  didn't sleep at all, breakfast with the fam and then sleep 
Lots of even numbers - 1070 hearts, 990 Twitter followers. Help me round on my sales - be my 280th!  www.zomb.etsy.com
@yuliakatkova I love it!  Cool Twitter cup!! 
@Larissa_Ione Just that Twitter makes it so easy for people to respond quickly makes the world all right in my book. 
@phoenixpwns Re-Tweet! It's when you re-post something someone else Tweeted about! 
WOW  . Daddy is on Twitter now  .
@NZLionman Quite a few people have sighed up for NZLionman on Twitter already.  Easyfundraising is growing too!  
Hmm. Twitter looks cool.  I'm excited with this.
Alright Twitter-Land off to run some errands before the 6pm Twi-Meet see you all there  Email my yahoo if you get lost or confused 
@howiedrummond I think you might be at Tweetoholic.  There might be a Twitter 12 Step Program out there for you 
@latexloverm I wanted to bring fear to all the criminals on Twitter  Babies: &quot;RAWRGRAWRRAWRGRAWR&quot; Maybe they will help 
@blackrose36 I've sent 3 today. Together we will rid Twitter of the annoying spammers! 
My 1st Twitter post, all for my one follower  ... Feeling sleepy from the long day yesterday ... It will be the same next weekend.
Trying to figure out why anyone would care what I'm up to? Never been on Twitter before.  
@tweeterbrad if you call Taco Bell your life then you're sad lol. Or if you call Twitter your life that's sad too 
@NickolleB Thank you! I think Twitter will be my accountability partner 
Ah..cool...I can update my status on Twitter and not have to repeat it on facebook and vice versa...NOW THAT'S COOL! 
just joined Twitter  Trying to figure this out.
.. will be really happy if u send me a reply here on Twitter, haha! Thank u 
@paultelner I didn't know you had Twitter!! How is one of my favorite Canadians doing???? 
Hi &amp; a big welcome 2 my followers-1st 24 hrs on Twitter as the BCGirl! This will be a huge week 4 me &amp; I'm glad ur here. 
@ScottATaylor Thanks for the luv and that was sweet of you!!  (don't sell your soul-we need it here on Twitter!)
@samueltwitt1 It means you're a popular topic! People are talking about you a lot on Twitter! Congrats! Xoxo 
My Twitter page! Hello Everyone! 
Strange Profiles in Twitter.. is that part of spam?.. I had to remove followers on that basis.. Need to keep an eye on that 
It's so great that loip has visitors from Twitter! We got some surprise progress in new visitors &amp; National Call your mother's day event! 
Twitter had their picture setting down for a while. Finally able to access it. 
@THEsaragilbert  I guess Twitter is an insomniacs dream... Someone is always on chatting up what they are doing. 
@pastorRoman Welcome to Twitter  check this out: 100 Twitter Tools 2 Help You Achieve Your Goals http://is.gd/mUh1
Twitter, a place for people to get into Twitting eventhough they said its stupid. HAHAH! Muahhh BABY!! 
@ifixitlive Hey never realized that you also get a Twitter account.  Your guides are truly many times a lifesaver to me.  
@AndriaAndCo  Don't forget Twitter, the bastard step-child of enablers 
@langleyjoel @jenn_langley Hi guys! Guess who has Twitter on her phone now? Me! 
@lhanni Welcome to Twitter... It's about time! 
@ElvisHsiao You can go to www.TwitPic.com and log in with your Twitter details to add pics 
@Punisher5463 You Got Twitter! Yayy  xxx
@Punisher5643 You Got Twitter Yayy  xxx
First time to Twitter.. 
@omarabid Hehehe  I didn't really know that! Well, use your blog or Twitter to suggest interesting topics for ppl to engage in 
Tweet Later! Byee 
Ok Twitter - show me what your all about  
I'm on Twitter now... how cool am I? and now let's go to McDo 
I'm new on Twitter.....Hi everybody!!! Suggestions for me??? 
Hello Twitter 
This is a much better tool than some I have come across http://www.tweepular.com - Twitter Karma on Steroids 
@ikostar well, if Twitter was $1 a year, I think it'd be a lot easier to monetize than at $30  Less need for differentiated pay/nopay.
Hell yeah Kellynn got a Twitter. Finally. 
@theKINGm1 Cuz you play a grown up on Twitter? 
@larrybenet Just DMed you your login details for the Twitter Salvation System. Enjoy! do let me know what u think. 
First steps on Twitter. Just checking 
just joined Twitter...     Hiya world!
Can I get a &quot;what?&quot;  &quot;what?&quot;...the baby sent some Twitter messages on my behalf 
Could be useful  13 Tutorials &amp; Resources for a Perfect Twitter Background http://tinyurl.com/dl2upx #design
Received our first bit of spam from Twitter - not sure how to feel that the &quot;sanctity&quot; of our conversation has been tainted. 
OK, It's my 1000th Tweet  I'll use it to simply say &quot;Thank You!!&quot;. I've met some of the most giving/caring people on Twitter!
Has finally mastered the art to uploading a photo on said Twitter. You can no longer assume I'm a heffer 
@MyHandboundBook Love your latest journals. I finally joined Twitter so came to say Hi 
First post on Twitter!  please visit us @ http://www.myfasturl.com
@GaryED46 I'm supposed to be bug fixing, and I'm Twittering, too. It's not good enough. It's Twitter or work. Bug fixing will have to go. 
Thank you all new, first time Japa Dog customers! Twitter spreads the word! We like new customers 
@janeporricelli She lives!  You were so Twitter quiet after the race. Recovering or celebrating?  ps. #20 Fem. in your 1st marathon Wow!
Twitter question: should I go to my brothers 1st soccer game of the season? OR, Should I stay warmed up in bed? 2 minutes to reply!! 
There we go... apparently I wasn't properly setting the DateTime from a Twitter response before.  Need a test for that!
@Sophie_Lhoste Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets! 
Another amazing day. Ever since I got a Twitter, I've been having great days 
Partied long and hard...goodnight Twitter see ya in the mornin 
@OregonMJW Why can't you? Are you rooting for Ali in the Twitter war? 
Ok, time for bed. Good night Twitter 
What if Twitter was really called &quot;Twatter&quot;? I'm posting a Twat! 
 Gonna WoW for a bit. Later, Twitter &lt;3
hungraaaaaaaaay. i'll just eat. don't go away Twitter! @whatchandrasaid LUNCH. 
@LoriGama That wouldn't have happened if Ravit hadn't asked me. I met her thru a Twitter friend in CT. Love social media that way. 
Working on our baseball fundraiser  Get 10% percent off Platium or Diamond wedding package if you let us know you saw us on Twitter!
When I start cloggin up my own Twitter feed, it's time for me to go to bed.. Nighty night. Be sure to go to the TweetUp and meet ME! 
@ddlovato Woo! Twitter kind of sucked without you. 
@boredgirl260 did he ask for your Twitter ID? Your sun sign? 
Christian doesn't have a Twitter...But he has a cell phone  Hahah..I'm bored.
Checkin out what new on Twitter 
I still can't believe the Matt McCoy interview got 255 views!! Twitter truly is....AWESOME! 
Going to bed now  *thinks I Twitter WAY too much*
Twitter, you just fail at life sometimes.  Oh well. http://tinyurl.com/qkxh7q
Thinkin' Twitter is interesting. 
@SweetAmes - That Jasper clip is my first &quot;favorite&quot; Twitter message. 
Do you ever get the idea that your are completely talking to yourself on Twitter? 
Happy mothers day to all the Twitter moms, sent my own mom a very sleepy video by phone and called after. 
@chhophyel That's not how we share links on Twitter  Yours is http://bit.ly/QljYb and you can view your stats at http://bit.ly/info/QljYb
Good morning Twitter! 
...and a big bag to take up as well as a rain coat. This is the bad part about having to places to live  Twitter Later  xxx
So, I finally got my but on Twitter. Let's hope I make good use of this site 
@watermelon39 haha! And Twitter! Hard though isn't it?! 
@caffeinebomb Maybe they just google twitter for the site  My cousin,a computer programmer, is unaware of what Twitter is,had 2 explain
@ladysov Hey now... either put down the glass or the Twitter app, friends don't let friends drink and Tweet. 
@witali_ott Hey Witali...how are you?  Welcome to Twitter!  
#NewVideo: &quot;Twitter Hashtags Explained&quot; http://bit.ly/z4rv6 20 Views in first HR &gt;Share It  Very short Video
@architeuth1s Away from Twitter for over 12hrs? That.is.crazy. You need help  10:40pm &amp; contemplating early night. Peace out for now 
@angelakeen @MistahKeen: You two are officially my favorite Twitter couple. You are so cute!!! 
@_westbaer_ you might want to check out twe2.com - free Twitter SMS updates. Currently sending me DMs but you can set it up how you like 
@leeward2009 Yea, I was thinking Twitter should change product positioning; Then be the one to push for connectivity with your followers 
@Lady_Arthemis eyy Nurj! welcome sa Twitter. tnx for following 
@BalanceForce awwwww that's sweet! Is your mom on Twitter? 
I haven't tweeted in years. Hi Twitter! I'm gonna go mow that lawn! 
@joonian LOL. Well, Twitter is kinda sliding into that role. I am more likely to open links that (some) Twitter friends recommend 
Twitter is giving me a hard time about following again!! Grrr Honest I will follow you back!! 
@krowt I love weddings  and theres nothing better than a natter with lots of Moms! Get them to join Twitter! 
@k8dt People tend to go on the attack when they feel defensive  He can be rude to me but I'll not let him bring Twitter into disrepute!
Morning Twitter feens...Happy madres day to all 
@HannahMontanZon Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets! 
Our Finnish Twitter Feed is now live at http://twitter.com/VirallinenJagex !! More languages to come soon  Mod Ajd
Ok, early bed for me  G'nyt Twitter world!
@OnTheFlyDC Going today to Zoo SmartKart!  Will say I follow u on Twitter! Thx!  
Welcome aboard, Robbijod  My class reunion is on Twitter or I may nor be here!
Hi Twitter! Today's festivities went over without too much discomfort. I even got in some drawing 
loves how they are referring to Twitter in Desperate Housewives  haha
It had to happen  What's your Twitter porn name? (first pet, first teacher) Mine is Sooty Anderson #twitterpornnames
#FREQUENT QUESTION: &quot;Twitter Hashtags Explained&quot; http://bit.ly/z4rv6 Share It  Very short Video
Hola Twitter world.  
@txponygirl Cool, Twitter is alot of fun  theirs nothing like the feeling of going for a goal and accomplishing it 
@Rawrtastic Haha you know it!  Twitter is the pimp shit! Oh my, I'm near my 400th tweet, lol.
@cinderbella It's probably fair to say I don't use Twitter. I abuse it. Sorry, Twitter! 
@joeymcintyre come out come out wherever U are...!! Tweet Us!! We miss yah...  (via @BJoie)
@CraigKessler Thanks for the follow friday  Has it already been three days since I have been on Twitter?!
What is the one thing you are still trying to learn about (or do on) Twitter you haven't got figured out yet? Let's see if I can help 
I've learned that Twitter is quite addicting, but you probebly know that allready  @Alyssa_Milano: What did you all learn today?
@mileycyrus You can't tell me your dad had a Twitter account for like 5 days without you knowing about it.  Say what? LOL 
@TedWahler Synchronicity and the web. Happens a lot here in Twitter. Rest well and stay healthy, Ted. 
Watching the shit-storm that is my Twitter feed, home time now. All synched. Tacos tonight. Ahh... 
Testing Hello2 and Twitter connection 
I love my boyfriend! Just because he's super amazing, and I'm in a good mood and feel like expressing my love to him via Twitter. 
My First Twitter 
Well, I have officially passed the 1,000 Tweet mark. Only took 5 months...  Goal: 3,000 by October. #fb
@amirk nih mir.. Get Paid to Tweet, Facebook And Comment On Blogs  http://gawker.com/5253213 #notafraidtobeservicey #craigslist
Twitter sucks. Happy birthday lindsay 
@AlexisMarie23 Hi Alexis  Twitter is really addictive isnt it? It's down and we're all freaked out.
Good morning Twitter 
Yay!!! I am finally on Twitter now! Just signed up! 
@Donnette @SistaWAHMs Nice not to be part of the big Twitter drama. 
@elainep8 OK, e. U've got a smart phone thing. It's time you got with the Twitter deal. You'll really like it! Yes, you will! 
We are glad to be on Twitter! We are developing our website and will be up and running soon. We will be selling many items. 
Survey on corporate use of Twitter http://256.dk/ - Interesting that 71% of the respondents are aged 25-44. Social media is growing up 
Petteri says be as simple as possible. Interesting he is referencing Twitter 
Hey @danregal! Get in on the &quot;put the Twitter handle in the middle&quot; game, so we can see each other's tweets.  @boxspring @andy065 are too.
Callin it a night For realll this time  Buhbye Twitter
@rehna_tu Hey welcome back....nice Twitter ID (very filmy) 
@daveaisling Heya  Was just checking as Twitter is a bit temperamental since they made the reply changes!
@Ilonareekers Sounds like Tweeting has made you forget what you were doing.  Same thing happens to me...
Alright yall, trying to get with it and wake up extra early to get a good workout in! Who's with me???  Night Twitter Tweeps!
@trishasales Have you seen the &quot;Trending Topics&quot; in Twitter? Mine says: &quot;Eat Bulaga, SIS, Philippines, David Archuleta...&quot; Haha, so cool! 
Anyone else getting tired of Reading articles on Twitter? -Yes we know it's good, but let's get a grip... Bloggers do love a bandwagon 
Hi @PPTheBlog I wrote a bunch of Twitter tips including one on #hashtags at http://bit.ly/4paLK - enjoy. 
@mandymckee Yup. Same storm story. Surfing Twitter to find more locals 
I am now a big fan of David Archi. And I have made a Twitter acc. all because I heard Pia Guanio mention *Twitter* in EB awhile go. 
Has anyone noticed that Twitter.com has integrated bit.ly? Goodbye TinyURL.com 
@AndrewRimmer That would be cool, but what if your pomodoro was to actually catch up on Twitter/RSS etc.. Oh noes!  Monitor process usage?
@d33pak Well, I cant use that handle now. Twitter doesnt allow that. I like this new one though!  The old one was good too! 
@Hollywood_Trey Thanks bro! You have a good morning and take care!  Go get that Twitter after dark action going. haha Have fun with that!
Goodbye Twitter, Until Later On  Tweet Tweet! #mcfly x
@paul_steele Are you avoiding the paperwork with Twitter? 
@ericedelstein ppl aren't defined wholely by their Twitter behaviour. Well not longterm anyway, maybe just this month 
Needs a Training Course in Twitter LOL 
@unloveablesteve Let the trolls grumble. We've made our point! It's no biggy. Twitter isn't *quite* as good as it was (for some of us).  
Just downloaded Twitterville 1.2. Some cool additions! Thanks @Domness for a great Twitter app 
Hello Twitter!!! 
I can't believe I actually have a Twitter. I feel like I'm in high school. Barrett, this better be worth it. 
Maybe I can capitalize on this Twitter Blunder 
@NicoleJensen Reading you Twitter notes on F-Book.. Very informative... Thanks 
@MattSando Thanks! Checking both sites. Was looking for DAYS for a good service, wonder why I haven't used Twitter earlier 
The Twitter Happiness score for _kim_ber_ly_ is: 562. http://happytweets.com says I'm &quot;ridiculously happy&quot;!  cant complain about that!
@LoneWolf964 Hey how u likin DateTwit?U seem to be warming up to Twitter well! let me know if you have questions 
#fixreplies aside, Twitter rules. spent yesterday tweeting about how Pho was amazing - now followed by @lovingpho , who does nothing but 
@DWLibrary Hello Leicester Uni. Welcome to Twitter from the University of Glamorgan (thank @llordllama)  
#WhyITweet because as Joker says &quot;Madness is like gravity. All it takes is a little push&quot;. Twitter is that little push I needed. 
#WhyITweet? For instant WOM recommendations and info for work, for life and not forgetting the odd chuckle - I love Twitter ppl 
@tjwislon Not as much as I need you. Um, my question is, why don't you ever just text me? It's must more efficient than Twitter. 
@jphatala Lucky for us all, Twitter was designed for wise-cracks  @katecollinsnyc very good 
@ArmoryMassage NOW I have to look up Twitter Grader. And you're right re: blowing up the argument  But it's okay; we're friends.
Dear Twitter, I've missed you.  But sometimes it's good to take a break from each other. 
@dresinatra Twitter what??? SPILL IT!!! 
@FosterDad2 Ha ha. When they do join the Twitter revolution, we'll be on to something else I'm sure. 
@NickMeijer Zwangerschap via Twitter? Nasty virus, that one 
Looks like I'm #5 on this list of &quot;100+ Incredible Twitter Backgrounds&quot; http://tr.im/lkGI 
Goodmorning Twitter! Wake ur asses up and do something productive today. God bless 
Twitter article in today's Ilta-Sanomat &quot;Celebrities and Twitter&quot;  Finally Finnish media is talking about tweeting
@JeffGammage  I told wiz about Twitter Gang lol
its been a minute....Hello beautiful Twitter fam 
@FloridaFuture A Twitter Plan...and no gifts, what kind of a plan is that... LOL   Seriously, glad all is well with you ....
@tomcramond Yay! Someone is actually listening to me on Twitter. Thanks 
Bejamin Button is wonderful (though hella long) Had to get on tweet to talk to somebody  Guess that's 1 reason Twitter is so fun?!
My Twitter Background &amp; Photography done by me @hdavidson11 thanks for the Twitter Salvation. Goodnight &amp; Much love to the new followers 
Good night Twitter friends! Thanks for letting me vent! 
&quot;7 days without prayer makes 1 weak&quot; keep the focus peeps-- Let's make it through finals alive and well.. Good night Twitter babies 
..dang i havent had a CRP Twitter moment since Feb.2009 ..im not down ppl ..i just have Cupid moments ..poems mostly ..im still dBest  lol
Also: Hellow my Twitter Pals! I've missed you all so much!  Did anything interesting happen in the past several hours?
Twitter didn't start the fire....no, Curt did   I hadn't seen this before, but it's a riot.  Hey that's my kitchen! http://bit.ly/UofOO
@snappingturtle Yep, that's the Twitter integration at the moment. Kinda like that &quot;Twitter-to-Facebook Status&quot; plugin. 
Well, the hebrew Twitter interface is too annoying so we've got to go back to the global twitter 
@Nixennacht Can I add you to the DollhouseTVForum Twitter page? 
@Paulpb You sure do run out of characters quickly during a Twitter debate 
Hello Twitterverse  If you need some SEO work done please contact us at http://aranezmedia.com/contact/
@dharshana @cheth  What's the issue goin on with Twitter Bg guys 
FYI: If you missed any of my Tweets. Look on my Twitter profile Favorites. All bookmarked there. 
I love the random Princess Bride-isms on Twitter. Thanks @MariAdkins for the latest 
@quinland   :o Stick To Your Web Twitter Then 
Morning Twitterville! Today is my 1 year Twitter-versary. I'm having a party &amp; YOU are invited! http://bit.ly/WsuAX Gifts 4 ALL! 
Buh bye Twitter 
@jessyz Thank you for following on Twitter 
@stonesimon  I've sent some to some other Twitter and Unofficial Mills members, @DaNNiP17 and others.
@Stodders Hee hee, watch this space, you may see the fallout on Twitter, I'm taking my camera! 
I'm setting up my company's Twitter page @insol_it. Check it out (but not today) 
is back on track! Boom baby! I missed Twitter. 
Everytime i switch on my computer, i need to tweet. Oops, i think i'm addicted to Twitter  
I've been getting some new followers on Twitters. Where are you peeps coming from? 
Daughter @NikkiHowe tweets me from Paris to check my e-mail for travel update. She knows I'm hooked on Twitter! 
@ladykristina Lotsa weirdness on Twitter. I just unfollowed 100+ people to lower my weirdo quotient. Maybe I was the weird one? 
Welcome @LarissaNogueira to Twitter ! Yeah ... She's my daughter   I'm feeling ooooold !
Good morning Twitter...hope u all had a great weekend and are ready for the new week 
Ha, Twitter is cool as. Forced to make one by a twitter addict yeyyy 
@AriMelber If you are DJing American Politics then collectively we Twitter poli-geeks must be at the poli-palooza online 
@laderinmytights Nah you have written much more than 8 words. They just happen to have been on Twitter rather than your essay! 
LMAO Just letting my Twitter fam know I am aware of it being Sunday now 
@badsneaker I am just learning how to use Twitter!  Missed all your messages - will figure it out soon!  Home tomorrow - hope to see you 
Going Now Twitters ly x Hills Tonight 
YES! My new idea: Darren's Twitter Tour to more cities to meet more Twitter friends in person!  My life freaking ROCKS 
@marielHemingway Even if you unfollow me sometimes, I STILL think you're what Twitter is all about.  Props for u on @howardKurtz 
I'm on my way to my first modelling shoot.  Sup Twitter?  
@annabolic2000 Interesting baking calamities. Less Twitter, more baking? 
@Jamiebower I love Your picture here in Twitter it's pretty cool... 
@Ninh_MU: Welcome to Twitter 
So glad to be back with Twitter, now tell me what have I missed? Don't hold back I need all the gossip. 
@_Hooch_ I know!!! Now prepared to get addicted to Twitter!!  Ha!
I went shopping today. I bought a book about Twitter. You should buy it too. I should be paid to advertise it. 
Dear Twitter: Since you won't let me change my avatar without cutting off my eyes, I will change it on Facebook. xoxo, Me. 
@Nohition YAAAAAAY, You got a Twitter 
Hello Hiroyo from Twitter to Facebook. See!?! 
hello... i'm from Brazil.. I'm new to Twitter... Help me please 
@fiercethimble yeah.. Just what we both need lol but should be totally fuuuun! YAY! Favorite part of Twitter? It's fast &amp; easy 
Dear Tmz all the Celebz on Twitter lmao  cant wait for the show 2morrow lol
Cute @Golf11 and my name would be @sandi4obama Right! Hey remember JohnColombo? He's here on Twitter @jcolombo 
@Recruiting_Diva Thank God that the temperature is supposed 20-25 degrees this week. At least you folks at Twitter HQ get the bay breeze! 
Thanks to all for the well wishes and the &quot;Twitter Soup.&quot;  I'm back home and hope to be back to normal very soon 
@tomlenk is on Twitter now? Score. 
Forgot my Twitter password 
...is asking the question, &quot;Is Twitter the Cult of the Twit?&quot;  
The Real Housewives of Twitter  http://bit.ly/mFdk7 and they're lonely! get em tiger
Well, I think I am going to head to bed.  Since it is almost 3AM.  Goodnight Twitter-land. 
@Geeno33 Blimey! There is sum1 on Twitter near my age and wouldn`t ya  know it, its me ol` mucker Gee    (yes u dont look 33 ;)   )
Twitter me this.... Haha oh my god i can't believe i've been sucked into this! Here we go, stay tuned 
Oops, looks like I've never checked my replies on Twitter, just identi.ca.  Should I reply to something 2 weeks old?
Sheree's now on Twitter!!! 
YAY @kogumaro, you're alooiiive!  tinext kita foolish arshu. hello REAL Twitter friend @keloooi HAHA! 
Goodnight Tweeter and Twitter 
Just signed up for Twitter and trying to figure this out  Any advice for me? Jus give me a &quot;HOLLA:
@MiSsPreTTyBaDD what else is better then George Lopez that Twitter can't know about once you answer that you'll know why... 
@auntievelyn Hi, I've had good sales on Etsy  Just this month has gone pearshaped. Twitter's fun. Look on the right to get personal msgs
Good morning twitterer  It's been a while ! (2 days ?) I missed Twitter 
Good morning Twitter world  Just a lovely day for an exam isn't it? And another walk with the dog.
@RichardKirk Yep, could turn out to be important if these changes to Twitter stay in place! 
@Lee_Myka MYKAAA! Finally, you've got Twitter! Yey! 
@TVFanUK LOL Yeah Twitter would kill ya! 
What am I doing? Get your nose out of it, Twitter! 
Hello @FrankieMcC it's a look at how local businesses and individuals are using Twitter to network and support what they're doing 
NAVCA Every Child Matters joins Twitter 
So I have to start creating english content, on the blog and here at the Twitter-Feed. Have a nice week and read you soon. 
@lilsarahp NIce to see you on Twitter. Looking forward to your tweets. 
so... don't kill me y'all but I got Twitter. I'm under Stray_Wulf. Follow meh! 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5esn2 - Twitter-holic  You guys are the absolute best!
@Blackrose68 welcome to Twitter! Try opening your comments to the general public, otherwise people are less inclined to follow you 
@kgopal I know about Nishant  Just did not realize he was on Twitter as well - hence the due thanks to you 
@IzzySc Hi, how are you?  Does your dad run the Scotclans Twitter as well?  Just wondering since we are now following each other.
@zebrahead_twits Share whatever you like, interesting or not, that's what Twitter exists for 
Well, WideNoise iPhone app, 2.0 with Twitter and widget support is out. 
@PaulaAbdul are you bored of Twitter yet P? haha  xoxo
@missiljestrom sorry i always get your Twitter name wrong ! Right, now time to pester Andrew re. djing together  #musicmonday
Will leave now &amp; forget twitter!!!  Going shopping shopping shopping. &lt;3 [Twitter still confuses me.] Follow @lelexie instead!!
Hola Twitter, he vuelto 
Twitter Tip: BE RETWEETABLE- 110-120 is the new 140 if you want to be Retweeted. Leave a little room 
@ShaelRiley Heh - I'm always pimping him out on Twitter. Its shameless, really. He gave me props for it at the show a few weeks ago tho 
The truth - 104-Year-Old Who Joined Twitter http://tcrn.ch/24u great PR stunt!! 
In study avec Clark, YAY I'm on Twitter 
Hello, Twitter! 
keeps forgetting I'm on Twitter! Wow! We have a lot to catch up on guys 
Just started doing tweet, i wonder why Twitter is so fun? Oh well, i guess i'll find out soon  
Hm, My first message on Twitter 
@Ka_th_i Welcome to Twitter and thank you for following my Twitter stream 
@izyism I sent you a message on FB! Check it out nenek! I gtg for Chem class now, Twitter you tonight!  &lt;33 nenek
@switchstyle Nope, they implemented Twitter in Adium  Check out http://beta.adium.im
@fredwilson Yes, but Fred, you could have just set your preference that way instead of Twitter changing it for all of us. 
Da oggi new style on my Twitter! 
Finally active on Twitter! Just a little catching up to do with my fellow Twits... 
@MichaelShanks Nice to see you on Twitter. 
Good morning Twitter world! Let's have a productive and positive day! 
Aw Twitter, you all are so lovely...thanks for the birthday wishes   Aside from the chilly weather outside, this is so far a great day!
Hello, Twitter.  Man, I missed my laptop.
@tabags welcome to Twitter  How are you?
@ManiaMarte Heyy! I have Twitter too nooow 
@medievalissa Melissa- I just saw that you're on Twitter!  Brilliant.  I get your email newsletter and it's always full of great info! 
@DaveJ I was headed that way earlier but I hit a few bad ones and bailed. Narrow escape!  Twitter and Proverbs my favs as you predicted
@Neveen hey you! Twitter isn't half bad, you should check it and leave messages for me more often! 
@todayshow I'd give up technology except 4 Twitter. LoL! Do they hv Twitter aonymous yet? 
@CreativeStu The one and only Stevie Wonder! (I forgot you were a little Twitter deficient yesterday, out there boat paddlin 
@sammonti Thanks! I sound like such a Twitter maniac. HAHA. Hi, Saaaam. How you been? 
OTT (Out of Twitter) now. Enough work for the day 
Citizens Advice has joined Twitter! Say hello to @citizensadvice 
@DerrenLitten No problem ~ looking forward to all the Twitter updates between now and then 
@pageoneresults  Do you have blog commenting anxiety lol? Do all your coments belong to Twitter? 
OMG.  My dad is on Twitter now.  Wow.  I'm so proud of him!  
@additiyom yes I am Jay and I am a Twitter Addict  #confessionthursday on a Monday #confession
@PsychoPiloter Hah! Most people that stick with Twitter eventually start to love it. 
Its Monday....Hello my Twitter Friends!  
Afternoon, my dear Twitter friends. 
@caronlindsay thank you  I will get around to Twitter soon, Promise! 
@cmogle  haha I was starting to enjoy the air of mystery provided by Twitter.   Looking forward to seeing faces! You too @phillprice 
@Derigiberbil Believe me...only so many I allow on Twitter. You and MarloesSnoes are a big exception. 
Good morning Twitter   
@AC_Heisman Welcome to Twitter 
Twitter Overkill  http://bit.ly/C6sFs  @mbredl Thanks
Dang Twitter is quite today. Thought it would be lit up with all the cruisers back... 
Ha time to get some more coffee - Greenbaum isn't on Twitter....but everything else in my last tweet stands for now. 
@mileycyrus Hi  took some of your pics on Twitter and some of your sister pics on her blog to make a &quot;Miley wallpaper&quot;. Is it ....
@FortunateC00kie Still very hot! I am the Mondat Twitter judge of hotness 
@girlxboy What if you're stalker is following you on Twitter? Just say you're having an orgy or something... oh wait. 
@dirty_joe yeah busy with work, but staying dedicated tot Twitter! On the balance the reality has to weigh more than the twitterverse 
I just joined Twitter.  Still learning how to use it 
Um. Twitter was a Jeopardy answer. Yeahh. But I'm off to bed now. Work at ungodly hours in the a.m. tomorrow. 
Morning Twitter! I'm fine at last!  I don't have sore throat any more!!! It will be a great day for me! )
@jensen_ackles Twitter is awesome. Glad to see Jared has it 
@Youngva2010 Hi! XavierMedia has found a way to get thousands of Twitter followers: * http://digg.com/u13ota * check it out 
@aussietweety Hi! XavierMedia has found a way to get thousands of Twitter followers: * http://digg.com/u13ota * check it out 
@feblub HiYa! I'm shiny and happy!  How are you? I was just about to go for a walk but I think it's going to rain, ho hum Twitter instead
OK. Did my mitzvah for the evening, even though I'm not Jewish. Nighty night, Twitter! 
@thisisroger Trending Topics is what most people are talking about right now. Good to see you in Twitter Roger! 
I love Twitter with my cuppa in the morning- I get a whole list of awesome links more tasty than cereal. Thanks Everyone 
@Queens15 Hi ! XavierMedia has found a way to get thousands of Twitter followers: * http://digg.com/u13ota * check it out 
@lalawa Hi ! XavierMedia has found a way to get thousands of Twitter followers: * http://digg.com/u13ota * check it out 
@rickbutts - Insomnia.   It's awesome for work and for being awake when everyone else is sleeping but Twitter gets quiet(er).
This is my final Twitter Update for 40 hours. Tweet Again, Sunday 12PM  #40hourfamine
Long time on Twitter. Is good to see the world again 
Giraffe has finished eating... off to do hair  ooh @Gailporter Morning! Twitter is very quiet this morning...
@nopstrup Sorry about the double tweet. Twitter client fail. For some reason a legacy account was selected.Anywho do drop by today #dccph 
#TwitterStudyQ10 Spammers, commercial tweets, quitting tweeting interesting input and links make me quit Twitter. So: no reasons yet 
is reading my new book Twitter Tips, Tweets and Tricks... 
@TheBlueCross hello, John. Tip: customise your Twitter background, so it's 'on brand' 
@heriyadi Nanti deh, keseringan bahas Twitter bosen juga kan.  . Thanks for the input!
@ATTFJamie Free SW list and no Twitter apps??? 
has 700 awesome guys and girls following him on Twitter. What do you want me to tweet about? Keep being awesome and thank you! 
@MissSCWhite  sounds like a fun meeting. I made a Twitter presentation the other day. Presenting on your  addiction... good times 
@xxTashyCxx Wanting to follow you, but Twitter's search facility can't find you. LOL. You have a nice smile 
@140TC I hear from @TradingGoddess  that you're the one to talk to about the Twitter Conference. Count me in! 
@dzse Okay you Twitter-ninja  But I called you Twitter-warrior! There's a difference! =P  You decide ;-)
@sarrastro Hello burd, welcome to Twitter! This is my main profile - the other one is for my on-again, off-again feminism project 
Good night Twitter (: Alysheea needs to get up early in the morning. Don't let the bed bugs bite. :OPheobe is on Law &amp; Order 
@heatherdedona I wish Seesmic or Tweet Deck had a &quot;friend&quot; search like Facebook where it starts auto-populating. Would help my memory! 
Wine people: The Twitter world as tasting room. TwineTasting? Sorry, couldn't resist. 
The Twitter Happiness score for ruosteinen is: 487. http://happytweets.com (via @Kathrynelle) Well,  I suppose.
@Kalps_Narsey Watch out, Twitter is addictive  I think it's a good idea to bring the FCT here! We can raise awareness 
@remzology btw, this week I met lots of Keralites on Twitter. Many are coming in, its catching up  here 
@lisamariemary - Well hello there  I'm glad I did pop up on your Twitter stream! How are you doing?
@ROCKBABY Your addicted to Twitter  Even whilst waiting in the queue, you was twittering a way! ;-) but it's all good! :-p
Woke up to tweet!  Wow!  Model T was busy last night uploading pics.  Twitter has pics?  Who knew!   Btw, donuts @ Downtown Dunkin...yuck!
@Zoe_Salmon Welcome to Twitter! 
Stupid college. No internet connection in the room. Helloooo this 2009! Anyhow, home! I miss you Twitter buddies! And also @DavidArchie! 
@Amanda_Holden Welcome to Twitter and hope to see many tweets from you 
@aretemisrex Good luck with your Twitter presentation today 
@Schofe yeah I agree with @julesyog when can we expect Our Tone to arrive on Twitter? 
@Amanda_Holden Welcome to Twitter  Xx
Updating Twitter from 10,000 feet above Earth. Gotta love Southwest 
@denisebogarin Yo Densie! Welcome to Twitter. 
@E140Tweets FF = #ff or #followfriday - which is a Friday ritual on Twitter to help others get more beloved and active followers. 
Just gave my Twitter a summer makeover lol - Back to work 
Do you use a Great Twitter #Branding Name? Well... @WealthEvite sure does - ArticlesBin Featured Follower of the day 
(drum roll) please welcome Christian Retailing (@christianretail) to Twitter! Follow for latest industry news. retweets appreciated. 
@davequintana  Too funny!   Actually, both you and @Urban_Lindsay are to &quot;blame&quot; for me joining Twitter!
Any of my #plussize Twitter Peeps in Philadlephia? I will be there tomorrow! 
everyone say hi - I'm showing the Twitter to the Aunt 
@Withoutemotion @paula721 @JennyMariePhoto @debramorrison #followfriday GREAT Ladies  to Hang with on Twitter 
Ok ok Good mornin my bad lol on anotha note Twitter its 4 convo n stuff  it aint Myspace def agree w@MrEdLover  yup
My first steps in Twitter.. I finally added 6  Let me see if twitter is as interesting as they say
#FollowFriday: @Nicole_Brewer because she is a top-notch journalist, uses Twitter &amp; taps into the Philly community for stories. 
All a Twitter cover approved. Dead sexy.   #allatwitter
@jordanknight OMG that was funny. Just glad I don't follow most of those stars...except for Jimmy Fallon.  But really, Twitter is not bad!
@mattmurphyshow Welcome to the debate on Twitter.  We did just win the Hops war in Alabama  
Favorite thing about Twitter: Following ppl from the UK and being shocked when they say they're drinking at twoish EST 
@xxMissCEO I found my thing on Twitter!!! ...You have your #VBlog,  @ja3rok has #zutweet TWITcast, and I'll have #BigPamAdvice ... 
Created a wonderful Twitter service. Every time I write there I see this: &quot;Hoo are you talking to?&quot; Perfect support  http://hootsuite.com
@adorablyalice Hey, I'm new to Twitter, so what is #FollowFriday? 
@glennbeck Glad to see you on Twitter  yeah for Phishfood!
@JohnLowell Hey!!! guess who is on Twitter now?!?!?!?!  Follow MEEE!
I didn't know @MarkParnellMLC was on Twitter! If only one more person were following him, I would have been #100 
@Davidruck 60% of new Twitter users don't come back the next month.  Update!
@Jamie7969 what's up Jamielita!  Welcome to Twitter!
@rebeccanielsen1 Welcome to Twitter, Becca! 
Testing out Twitter... and Kevin, yes, it's a lame name.  
Goin I bed nighttt Twitter 
@karenmorris By nodding, I presume you mean in agreement, not sleeping.  Is Linda on Twitter?
@CheerldrMelissa @awesomekong This is the single most amazing Twitter-Convo I've ever witnessed. Good job! 
Redid my Twitter BG to match my LJ.  Go see! 
Redid my Twitter BG to match my LJ. Go see!   #firefly
Goodnight Twitter!  *Smooches*
@xMichelle_1990x It is a false alarm  That WAS his real Twitter account but those messages came from a hacker.
@JonathanRKnight  Jonathan, donde estas??  Your bro has turned into a Twitter junkie...me likey! 
@leeclamp Hey Lee.  I finally got a Twitter!
I wrote a post on @chefblythebeck at http://www.goodeatsdfw.com/?p=72 and now I'm following her on Twitter. We both like Golden Girls 
@afirmin Please meet the &quot;Poet of Twitter&quot; xox  Lori 
is going to bed, I'll have to explore the big world of Twitter more tomorrow. Good night all! 
I wish I had an editor to hand any I write to. Even this Twitter post and AIM away messages. Anyone interested? 
Okay Good Knight Twitter World Hubby time 
Thinking a USA road trip is probably going to be on the cards for 2010! Will have to meet all our new Twitter friends along the way 
@myinkyfingersAU iphone FTW!!!! All Apps are good!! LOL.. Twitterfon for Twitter.. That'd be first 
Maxdamage, MCJ and Sneaky Panda are debating over Twitter abbreviations. It is Tweeting (posting), Tweeps (followers) and Twitter (app). 
Friends on Twitter, I'm grabbing a few beers, at the Bucaneers, why don't you join me if you're near. 
Oooo, is it complain on Twitter night?! I want a go! I am a lonely bastard with no friends!! Yay!! Being angsty is fun!!! 
explaining what Twitter is to Mom 
Finishing up, then packing my bag for the trip. Hope I can make it to the beach. I'm feeling landlocked! See ya later, Twitter Pals! 
@faithsonshyne ...and the HOTTEST Squirrel on Twitter!  I have more followers than any OTHER squirrel!  
@ddlovato So what's the deal on your new Twitter background? I like it, btw, but I'm just curious. Your new main pic is awesome, too 
Just signed up for Twitter...I'm still learning! 
Twitter me Fuck me duhhh! @ buffalo 
Got to go Twitter pals, I see if I can pop on sometime again tonigh. oh wait no. can't. got epic tonight. Later bros and bras 
Ready for some springtime Energy Clearing? All Twitter friends get $15/hour off - http://bit.ly/31rt1 Send me your Twitter name  #healing
Finally got a Twitter! Exited! 
At work, My first Twitter 
@AndrewHansen1 I'm using twitter to get a hold of your ass. Twitter! Ugh! Hit me up on Skype - it's wordpress related yo. 
@jilster Hi!! Is Twitter so complicated?? I think Facebook isn't hard. 
I agree @YoureRight we should most definately get carina a Twitter account. Hmmm what does everyone else say!? 
Freebie: Staples is giving you free resume copies and business cards: http://short.to/1cp2 Follow me for your Twitter freebies! 
@technosailor oui j'aime @themaria  Je n'ai pas change mon nom. J'ai commence un autre Twitter pour www.areallygoodejob.com 
Good morning Twitter...busy day ahead, shareholder's agenda and revenue meetings with the stakeholders, no worries, all on schedule... 
Can anyone recommend a Twitter backup app other than http://tweetake.com/ ? (I LIKE TO BE DOUBLY SURE!!!) 
Do you use a Great Twitter #Branding Name? Well... @eMarketingCoach sure does - ArticlesBin Featured Follower of the day 
Twitter is crazy  u never know what trend pops up. Anything goes! I guess I'm more impressed by the speed of the words.
Just signed up at Twitter! Wooohooo! Oh, @ work as well 
@vacant_heart Well you need to get back to your books and stay of Twitter ha ha 
@trainman74 Ha, ha! Looking forward to following your evolution via Twitter 
Nap time is over. Back to the hustle. Blog roll, catching up on Twitter feeds &amp; then a personal project. Yes hustling late into the night 
@against_stars ... dammit Twitter lags -- Oh, I see! Have fun nevertheless.  Pictures pictures!
#followfriday @pippip1 Hi all, pip is new to Twitter, a fan of #BGT and a good laugh - Please add here to your following list  @conkinho
@sospokesaroj I'm not into the entire shaadi.com thing. I'm content with how things are today. Plus a lady wud rob my Twitter time. 
How #FollowFriday works on Twitter + resources http://bit.ly/Yi2vA (from my blog) pls rt for new people 
Goodmorning Twitter! My first of 4 days off!  Relax take it easssss-heee-syyyyy!!  Surfing the web atm..
first thing one must do in Twitter! Find KitsosMitsos! 
@YasmineGalenorn: now if I had chatted with you there, I could have kept a spoiler-free Twitter...  Next time we'll definitely talk.
@mmkerr C'mon Orlando! The world of Twitter is fun and crazy and not at all scary! You get to control everything you say. We don't bite 
@shilps31 Amazing how many Twitter apps hav flooded d Net! Neway, thx 4 d help.(Feeling better now dat I've logged in &amp; out of twitpic). 
@brenna1009 without Twitter I'd have no idea my aunt had a hankering for Starbucks...this seems like an obvious reason to tweet. 
FFFET Pinkpop via de NRC Next Twitter 
vote @TomFelton for Mr. Twitter Universe here: http://bit.ly/PmvRY. He's now no.2! yipee! Surprisingly, he twitters a lot. Keep voting! 
