Most common words for this cluster:
[('u', 700), ('lol', 663), ('ur', 426), ('im', 408), ('amp', 399), ('haha', 255), ('http', 251), ('com', 234), ('na', 211), ('ta', 202), ('n', 200), ('home', 194)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'samantharonson_@', 0.8537003397941589), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.8523974418640137), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.8316166996955872), (u'SheldenWilliams_@', 0.8236892819404602), (u'jennajameson_@', 0.8195725679397583), (u'KhloeKardashian_@', 0.8149486780166626), (u'questlove_@', 0.8105688691139221), (u'omg_i', 0.7972794771194458), (u'@_donlemoncnn_@', 0.7895185947418213), (u'lol', 0.7847333550453186)]





our duck and chicken are taking wayyy too long to hatch 
fuck omg  austins always there though man &lt;3 love you
@heidimontag lol I kant believe cam got beat upp sooo embarasssiiiin 
@lovebscott umm nope..think im an insomniac ..plus i got the flu...i'lll be sleepin like a phuckin fish outta water any minute now! 
@ikimb0 i just seen ur tweet . plz write bak if u get this. i havnt got one reply bak 
massage was great. i just spilled coke all over my desk  lame. watching the simpsons as i've finished all my hills dvds.
@widyatarina say what??? kal penn's leaving house?! noooooo!!! awww... i totally missed it tonight 
@Artistbabee but tht's annoying &amp;definitely not bitchy enough  he def broke like everything in me. he prolly doesn't even kno oct. 5!
had the worst dream abt some turd face i used to date... ugh. it was awful. 
@CHASEBOOGIE lol dont ask i was being nice given a ride shit started bar b cueing on the freeway  lmao i been had mine ready
had the worst dream abt some turd face ex.. ugh. it was awful. 
YAY hannah montanas on disney channel fun ......NOT 
I have had an allergic reaction to my contacts, stuck with my specs until it clears up. Means and end to my breast feeding tho 
ha ha ha   damn i had  such  good  time chillin wit  my  favorite hizzo  danced my face off @ the lodge never made it to backbooth  ..
hooray for the ever so reliable signalflare server 
@CelesteChong oh but mine is ceramic so its more ex  abit less visible. inside ones are very ex! double the price n double the duration
@MsTyraC lol yea I thought about tht ..sowey  but thnx I have some rod ones sitting around&quot; orange my fav color just didn't kno how 2 use
@cherrytreerec oh man, i can't see the vid.  its ot available in my country.
havent update this in a while bin stuck with my gf during the week. now im bk in class learnin 
@jess22t they have diff camps. gahh they're all rural though. woga woga and bathurst  but they're the best 4 advertising 
@jess22t haha i know eh. but i'm thinking about vet science at sydney uni. cept that the guy wasn't there last night. he was in hostpital 
tired and borrrrrred this vacation  sooooooo hot
@kristenkreuk fiuhh, nice to get info from you, i'm one of your fans from indonesia. and still waiting for your movie in my country  thanx
@greyhoundgal omg front page! i'd be so excited, congratulations. sorry about torres hurting his paw tho  is that your dog?
 It still wont let me log in I know my user's thier cos anth sent me a friend request
has been sick  and her back is veryyy bad. watching american history x. wanna watch american beauty though. buy it meeee.
@shannanstedman haha i got to be up at 8  and sit through a 2 hr mass. umm like 2 ish ..is that alright? is that too late?
@binncheol  you should listen to some music by this dude called andy hull and afew other blokes. I even hear they're playing ldn tomorrow!
ughh can't find my red sox hat, gotta wear this creepy nick pirro version 
Bbutton ring fell off  needa replace one asap
@lucy_moore93 HaHAH lol, ignoring definately does not work.. cause they end up jus pissingannoying u more, well ive found that anyway 
@tangledtara ha what a good idea, methinks I need to do some proper exercise and stop eating so many sweets, no more dip-dab saturday 
@k_austin awe  double today and thursday? damnnn girl. gotta love regal minimum wage pay.
heeeby jebus im on twitter but oddly no one else i know is seems a lil pointless 
Bbutton ring fell off  needa replace one asap: Bbutton ring fell off  needa replace one asap
okay off to do some job hunting.. can you believe a small gaming comp told me I was over qualified with experience &gt;.&lt; for real  ninnies
nt far i want to go c the boat that rocked but no one will come with me nd i'm nt travelling 2 canterbury on my own 
@xx_maria ugh sux2bus. i'm on prepaid as well so accessing the net is bloody expensive! &amp; pretty sure txt updates cost a fair bit too. 
@domcisme might have to consider removing it from the studio mac pro tommorow  /sniff
jealous of all the people tweeting about meeting amber benson at supernova/king comics signing.  hope the perth supanova gets some stars.
On my way to skool late as hell nd I dnt feel gud 
@katie_r_ excuse me when have i ever bullied you???  
@warsongraven i can haz a title with mirror in it plz pretty plz  
@mrskutcher i feel really bad demi i realised i refered to u as ashtons mom a few days ago...sincere apologises to you and ashton 
@bob_lee92 great! I got my first tattoo yesterday, so my neck is really sore!! 
@HONEYMATTHEWS   I'm a mess this am...hmm I planned the bf's suprise bday 4 him so I'll be busy wit that &amp; then probably jus chill..u?
@xTwiggy yeah! and did i leave my charger at ur house? if not i left it at graces? and i cant come until 5 
@SamitSarkar @nickchester if i'm as in-touch as the grammys i have probs 
Taking hubby 2 doc as soon as they can get him in, sumthin's in his neck disks where he had surgery 2 yrs ago 
@vriezzy lol not at all, hun. lol I work like a dog...lol. I get two paid vacations, but I don't know if I'm gunna be able to take them. 
SHIT I wanted to sign up for the gaypride parade in amsterdam but thy reached the maximum boats yesterday... how much bad luck can I have 
is chillin n listenin 2 some music and sitttin in the sun...bout 2 start some boring uni wrk! 
touring harlem. nobody wants to get off for pix but me! denied! 
@bird_e seen your cuz last night in traf, he was with my brother... he misses u 
@waspinator holy shit. there's no so in richmond--yet. stupid weather 
Never went 2 sleep...  and i got class at 2... i need 2 do dis homework...errrr
Up getting ready for work blah my tuesdays suck  hope ur tuesdays are better
@missmagz  ooooh I'm gonna add you to my link list and read from now on. I really think you should do the poetry month challenge tho sis! 
@vanntan opps hahaha i made a mistake hehehe! but yeh, when school starts it's hell  blah goodnight!
sexi boi u so fly wish i could give u a try but my manz @ home waitin on me by the fone sry cant get my groove on 
@tear96x hey matt do u h8 me....? 
@perezhilton i live here  not cool... but no not there thank god! 100 degrees not my thing with thousands of ppl around.
dang twitter and their lack of space to write! anyways i am off to bed, gotta be up early. still totally bummed that I missed white room 
@Cherrim /me gets molested by pedos 
ughh idk dnt knw what to do last time i followed my intuition and i was sOo rite but a lil too late 
Just finished slumdog, good flick but I was bummed, no bricktop  #fb
@TramJonas the jb haters need to get a life and stop trash talking about them. 
@Dannnnni i gave up  i checked everywhere!!! i cant find it ='[ but its okay i guess coz i will put it in my memory box! ily xxxx
@poonamd yup dupar chi match baghel.....sandhyakali class ahe 
is going to sing 'I miss you' by miley cyrus at my daddys funeral  i miss u and ill love u no matter what, even if your not here &lt;3 xoxo
I need slepp...zzz  was only working @ this sssh...paper eww. when can I sing again?best wishes
@PauloMoreira hey, i will only in town until thursday, so alas can't do... 
&gt; brother is on his laptop so i cant edit, forgot to run scans whilst i was out and lost at cod  damm this is annying
i want to go to the con in the morn but doing it would be bad for me moneywise for the rest of the fortnite. 
@kerimcinerney looks like ur info's changed 2 mikeyy  - I suppose you'll have to wait until it's fixed - wish they would fix the loop hole
just read tonnes of jb gossip, and think its all crap but watch the video of miley n nick when he hits his car. poor nick i feel for him 
@kyliad mythics... can't queue as a wb any more  so it became a big pug fest.. and you know how well that works!
feels lonely every1 is going bk 2 uni 
gotta go babysit   - oh the joy. really cba. the kids annoy me lol toodles x
@nick_carter hi nick well i hope tant you asnwer me i really want to talk whit you anly like a friend well i hope you read this 
i'm never guna be able to give up on you, even though i have no chance of getting the old 'us' back..so please don't push me away anymore 
@jenna_jean she told me to get a hold of you, she can't get on lj it was through email, so idk but yeah, she won't be on for a while 
@tommcfly hoping you love amsterdam! enjoy your sunbathing? lol its cloudy over here in america 
is michael jackson dying?!  is that just a rumor?
@thevanillabear yeaah smth. goltv isnt showing RM til tmrw anyways  want to text me the end score tho?  &lt;3 have a good day xoxo
at home just came bck from stratford!!! did alot of shoppin! YAY omg school is in like 2days  xx
@zawfi oh gosh no. i dont even have a dog  im getting ready to go get some fresh air in newport beach ;-)
@davemark too bad it needs natural day light, or strong artificial light to get a quality pic. no matter the software.  iphone cam sucks
Also heard about #spectrial  is there anyway to donate towards their fine? http://tinyurl.com/cj3s2d
like ohhh crap. 13 more days of high school. i miss you losers already &lt;3. i so do NOT wanna move 
Goodmorning my twitters!!!! I'm getting ready to get my eisom tooth tooken out  pray for me!! LOL I don't want to go!!!!!!!!!
this nice weather is making me really want to get my tattoo sleeve but gotta pay for the lsat 
Has been looking at roman stuff, unfortunately there were no romans to bring home 
dear god. scariest image ever = stinky dave s. deep-throating a corndog 
@iamthecommodore good luck with ur concert in sd! wish i could be there but i live all the way in buffalo  i know u'll do great tho! duh.
Guess I'll play call of duty, no online tho cuz mah computer aint here 
@cottonpanty r u gunna change it 
listening to some dance music getting dressed for tonight yeah   no booze tho 
@thepistol good luck with ur concert in san diego! wish i could be there but i live all the way in buffalo  i know u'll do great tho! duh.
@ciararyandreams the one of don't forgot that someone made of jb and miley its pretty sad  http://tinyurl.com/dd5z9j
@basaio poor brandon, i guess the makers of your energy drink decided who ever drinks this will go crazy at 1:30 
juss got off the train feet killin me  &amp;the bus is no where 2 be found so gotta walk
has headache and a tummyache but on the bright side, college monday.... oh yey 
@m_alice_hale nope its amazing! i ruined my ipod touch 
@ClaudiaWinkle hi claudia!  i think ur fab on hells kitchen! marco scares the hell out of me !  haaha hope ur good! X
@dana_michelle - thanks boo!!! but today, i have on a flannel/plaid shirt and got in trouble - boo  wish you would of joined in @ area ox
bored nd mad looks like its gna rain 
@petewentz wish i was at the venue  u gotta play a show in dubai promis i'll be at that venue.
@SageRoxUrSox ughh don't do dat -falls on me ass again- brb 
@djozeer ugh uhhhhh...w/me?  I'm soo hungry [tear]
thats cool i love long john silvers dude! i just got my king sized bed set up! woohoo! i think jacobs mad at me  im just not sure why...
love u dane cook, u funny fuck!    party time for my lil sister well not so little anymore now 14!  how sad they grow up so fast
my lip ring fell out while i was sleeping and i didnt notice it till now and it hurt really bad putting it back in cuz it healed a little 
owww i cut my lip :-/ it was my top lip.. thats gonna make it hard to eat dinner 
@JLSOfficial am well gutted!! i need2 meet you soon im literally dying, cant face food. ma mums goin nuts at me  reaally upset!
@hedydd: at last! rhywyn i actualy gweld twitter fi ;) yea, v'n busy tan y 20th.bad times  ti'n ok though?
@asot400 wooooooooo finally I got a feed on winamp ive been out for an entire effin hour 
at the movies. seeing hannah montana. i couldnt convince malena to see anything else.  lol
ok so my brother just got a mac book and its so much prettier than mine lol 
@joepolitics sad, very very sad...i can't go but desperately want to  man i luv fla, but wish i was closer to boston! dammit!
sucks being older when no one around for the weekend  grrrrr!...chillin/watchin the nhl playoffs!
i jared my little finger real bad again in netbal    we lost by heaps to     were not that good lol...go bacchus marsh cobras. luv ya xx
watchin the game... then ill prob just do this video dolo wit no cameos lol   i need new females on da squad!!!! mine aint bout shit!!!
#ASOT400 next big asot on the moon!??? hahahah sad its almost over 
@noreenjuliano hahah i hopee you remember me from your ny street team. its almost like a year since ive seen you girls. 
Ugh i hate when ppl use you and just throw you aside when they dont need u. 
Death cab was sooo goood. my boyfriends not answering his phone. guess im sleeping in my dorm tonight 
bought a dress... but might not work cuz it's too long...  damn my asian short genes...
laying in bed watching shrek with kaden.. bbq-ing with my bf amanda tomorrow and letting the kids play.. poor steven has to work  ..
gay gay gay i wana c demi but chi concert in on shabbat  and everywhere else shes goin is liek 5 hours awayyyy gayyyy 
@allison0528 I missed it.  I can't wait to hear all the stories!
@nick_carter come on nick u can do better then that .....someone told me that joke wen i was like 6 
is sad that jules is sick that means we cant see 17 again 
@nick_carter ohhh!!! I love to go out with you but unfortunately I am in another country 
umm. hi. my eyeballs hurt. and the seventeen again on watch-movies.net does not work. 
@brianangelday26 yes! And my heart is in oklahoma  it hurts 2b away frm him so much
@nick_carter coachella?! i want to go sing the cure for me 
@shrek9 well 've no option but to do tht...just tht it was my 1st cell 'n a gift from bro to boot, plus tht damn thing cost 11K back then 
@Jennyluv106 oorrrrr you can put it on the charger? LOL jk!  Tinytwitter does take a lot of battery juice tho 
 poor higgenson,, get well soon!! good luck tonite on jimmy fallon or soemthing xxxxxxxxxxx
@yolandagrey waiting for my shout out from @nick_carter 
&lt;---- this is my face! @nick_carter needs to make that shout out to me!! it was my pooh joke! 
@ryan_andrew yeah F-ing id cards. and we've become such good friends in the past weeks 
Is quiet upset as my bf gave me the flick via a text message and now dont have the guts 2 tell me why or vn talk 2 me!!!! 
Ahh, my freakin' wrist is killing me. I've been too long on the pc. 
watched twilight with vanessa... i never get tired of edward * lol .. my feet have tons of ant bites  i'm so sleepy..goodnight!
@meaganfegan ya me too  the machine didn't even give me a number. And now I'm on pills 
@kicksonfire I KNOOOW! lol fuuuck whoever decided to stop main em lol. im lookn @ that picture of the box like damn 
@zackalltimelow aww zack i love you  people who don't even know you &amp;write mean things online are retards. hot atl boy &gt; annoying stalkers
@JonathanRKnight i'm awake doing homework. blah. wishing i was in cali watching your sexy brother sing full service 
WTF ferrari  ... when will u stop making such a fuss ... nowhere to 3 and then down to retire from there 
@milagro88 I'd love to share the vid, but the other members nixed that idea.  It was only a one performance band anyways  
i had a dream last nite that i could twitter from my fone. one  thing i hate bout my fone!  
I threw my sign at donnie and he bent over to get it but it was under a thingee so he made a sad face at me 
alright its up so u can see my hair is gone   @liberianjewel @jamaicapanama @deva09 @keda2009 @iamdiddy
@Jonasbrothers haii guys i love u so much   how cum ur not cumin 2 australia on ur world tour cos now i cnt cum see u guys 
hey evry1.im not gonna be on twitter fr a bit so dont worry i will try and come and stuff and i regret missing mitchel musso's contest 
hardluck sutil ... hardluck forceindia ... you were good today .. may be next race  .. .. whats wrong with ferrari  -- #f1
@LaCherie maybe you use too many div closing tags...or..hmm...no idea 
I'm tryna get on twitter, but my tyranical (little) brother won't let me use the comp. 
@puppaz I know, she has to move...    You'll have fun anyway, hm?
could it get any worse for kimi  try you fucker!
OH: o man im ballin at this fresh prince series finale  http://tinyurl.com/dx6dgt
@JayFmOnline  Your last tweet was touching jay x hope your grandma is ok
@petewentz are you for real? I mean ffs, does anyone have a heart? 
Omfg miss my internet :'( fuck my bro &gt;:[ I'm missing so much  sigh..
wooowwwwwwww, age hit chuck  knockout by rua,
rip mr zane  mis you darll  
@DAMITRIC lol hey! so i see u like chelsea handler too! lol thts my girl! i just wish she used her twitter too 
oh noes, i ran out of paint and the store is closed. there's still one segment left to paint so i have to wait til monday to finish it. 
@keza34 yeah umm nope got work at 1pm so just watching tv till then 
@tommcfly My mum cba to make 1 for me   X
@britneyspears I'm dying to be in your circus. But you're not coming to any parts of asia. so it's pretty heartbreaking  xoxo ur my hero
Oh! It was raining in china grand prix too.. But race dosent stop for rain like cricket 
Oh! It was raining in china grand prix too.. But race dosent stop for rain like cricket  (via @santoshp)
@u98101 nah he hasn't found it yet  ...has gone to police station with some high level jack
would rather be watching deborah 13: servant of god than watching physics podcasts 
@BabyBeech oh i was trying to comment on your report status ages ago... haha, i am also tempted by the sun  xxx
@vanessatweets  i wanna do something other than uni work! 30 rock is now keeping me sane. i think i love tina fey more then most people!!!
finished watching rove, hes a legend. going to bed now. andy didnt come online  nightt.
@TraceyHewins kool,i havnt got a garden  boo hoo lol i help my mum tho with hers
@tai927  @22acaiaavenue i have to copy n paste ur name eevry time i talk to u rofl so ergh
want to see britney at o2 this but cant didnt get tickets   she is my role model http://www.bebo.com/xxBritneyJeanSpearsx
@teeribbzz u neva say nuffin' to me no more  humph baahumbuugg (spell check lol)
@paddyrules home is mums house lol hm maddens could be a plan, am actually stone cold broke atm tho not even sure i could afford door fee 
@bexmith ick. That spot is soooo sensitive. It does make everthing stiff. 
im well ill at the moment  and i really miss chris aswell, so im gunna go to bed and watch sex and the city like i always do xo
@nah14 yes! i refused to get out of my bf's car, then the mall, then his room.. and now i because am away from all that, i have a fan. 
feeling bloody misrible because of the terrible newcastle score someone cheer me up 
@AshleyMcCarty Haha, I hear ya! I've been slacking so much and skipping most classes... and that's not a habit I want to form 
keep gazing at my one beautiful shoe its lonely  wasnt found in taxi means its crying somewhere along friar gate me too sob!(ok im not)
bored my hand hurts like hell...got my phone taken  wont have it bck til monday
night all. love yas. hahahahahah btw... vodka is evil 
rafa is winning yay! nearly 3500 words on this thematic not quite done yet... want to watch man utd 
@MysteryGroup by any chance r u guys members of other groups put together??.. btw it sucks that chick-fil-a isn't open sry 
@coolbell any luck with the harry potter search? i looked for daniel radcliffe and could only find fake ones 
My spanish teacher is a joke!.... im not revising anything for that subject i dnt knw y i took it in the first place! 
@pob34 mmm, i think i better get testing only got few months till i gota pick 1, 
twittter #F1 #ferrari 3 races and no points.. somebody gotta help ferrari... 
@michelle0824 not really.    I gotta find something to eat that is actually appetizing.
woooow i just got the email that britney spears is following me, pretty excited about that one...kinda down tho the bf cant chill today 
@hitmanmike ooo sounds like a world domanation then :'), cant wait to hear it then :'), i cant believe i missed you guys in newport  x
still struggling for internet. sucks beyond words. sorry im only on occasionally. its gunna be about 4 weeks more tho   peace xx
@mwahmwah_teh oooh, my brand spanking new slash. (lol spanking) -ahem- umm people who I gave parts to haven't read the new add I posted. 
@JonathanRKnight sorry my sister Joyfulgrl13 spelled ur middle name wrong  shes just tryin to talk me up- ha
organising clothes for college etc tonight   argh it make's me depressed..
watching halloween town on disney channel with brittany. haha. school tomorow.  not exactly my cup of tea! haha. sort of inside joke. xD..
went to the lavender ball gay prom at case western in cleveland ohio, was ok me n the hubby argued  but all is well now.
@rejectstv so, i have a sitch.. i cant find tickets to your show in hampton beach. im a little heart broken.  haha. but really.. i am.
is of 2 lamar 2nght shame JLS arnt playin 
@jason_mraz sooo need to come back to england or anywhere nearish ! you didnt sing a beautiful mess at key103 
eww, math project &gt;.&lt; argh i will go bakk on twitter later, once i finsh, so i will see you guys around 12am 
gearing up for mr wiest's fight. thn heading home 
@harleymac1 At the rate my 14 yo is going it'll be a not-so-minor miracle if she makes it past 16 without getting pregnant. 
i really hate how yr all meeting up at the mc-tour  boo to not going.
nuttin really jus doing some textiles cw 
need to have a shower finish my english essay and do my german questions :S bad times 
hummm carnt find no1 who has this out offf all my contacs 
@RODDYBOTTUM hey! dont forget sweet dreams u cant resist...creeeeamy whites...!!! lol. plz poke mp 4 me! i cant do it on facebook    ;o) x
@justinxliu i had ipman on my broken hdd  get michael d to send it to u
@sonyawinder hahahah it's way cute. Why does it cost sooo much 
ugh skool starts 2morrow  not lookinf 4ward 2 it
@DeeRiley cool thanks dee xx i am gonna do some food shopping this arvo and thats about all. not feeling too flash today  have a good arvo
@DrinkyD i know! im like damn ima never meet you  all them cockblocking security guards
tired.. have a stiff neck..  watched the best of french and saunders.. v funny..reading on the road- jack kerouac and then jon ronson.
frikkin' starving and wants food now !! edmonton still, coming home tomorrow. and i hope lucky is okay and sasha isn't too lonely w/o her 
Just found out I'm meant to be working at eight  its five to and I'm still in my jammies ffs
@TheMichelleJoh oh and beid and deb said the vegie bar in brunswick fitzroy was really good. didn't get a chance to try myself 
is crying becuase i wish i had an awesome sweet boyfriend.. just like on tv 
My mileycyrus edit wont uploaaaaaaaaaaad  I ask my daddy to fix it =]
dont wanna be doing my report... but i have no choice.... someone save me... 
@smyle4de omg, i hope im better by then. im getting my wisdom teeth pulled out monday. waaah 
@BBRRIITTTTYY ohh yeah nah i didnt. i didnt get to go  but i did see them their first ever gig in aus! and their 1st show this yr (: x
hate how hospitals dont have any service! worried about my mom, and dont know whether shes going to stay a night or not. its almost 3 am 
is wants to see her tweety bird sooner cos its hard  no im lonley
@wildfire198 o dear god no. if sum1 sees u do that, theyl stael ur car and ur ipod, yes its a very cleaver idea.... 
@soul_identity nice. show in dublin was postponed until the autumn.   cant wait to check it. seen the video from paris? @rayraysaadiq
@xo_mcflyandjb loll hell yeah! how cool would that be?! man doug still wont reply  lol
shane left his toothbrush..how can something so simple make me cry so much. damn hormones. I miss my shane-e-pot-pie 
@octobersong hahaha me too !! isi and i were drawing mice and cows hahah mine all had party hats for some reason ?? haha school tomoz 
Has lady gaga live lounge bn on yet?  I forgot!
@ryohakkai it says anonymous  ... ehhh my twitters on public so they might have saw my reply abt steve to you so they added you too :O
@lein_ destination analysis... bastard thing...  we cant even sit outside cos then i cant see my laptop 
at school wish i wasnt dont wana see mr. g still have a pain in my stomach i dont want them to leave  sam's my bff and i love kyle &lt;3 
muy cansado ..back to work and class, missin the cousins already 
@iamPaulGipson lol...noooo. i hate pressure 
@katellora your nintendo stuf  trauma centre? i couldnt even be annoyed about staying back late at work cos i was devo for you &lt;3
@tinkerrockstar i did get shirts, but not from ae lol &amp; omg please stop eating sushi you're making me hate you 
had a sunbed this morn to get from blue to white. don't want to scare ppl on the beach on wed. :p 6 mins was maybe too long tho. ouch! 
@izzynobre school  gotta go learn shit ill never need. ; ) wearing a cute outfit though
I thought the bf wud come by and see me tonite, but he canceled. 
@fiowantscoffee  no, i think its a frickn hard ware problem, hdd or cd drive, god dam it! so frustrating,thank god for lamo laptop
@becky_carlisle At least you can go outside...it's gorgeous here but even my job isn't fantastic enough to allow relocation 
oh bein bk in office is rubbish! weather so nice outside window 
is home, feels like the equivalent of a pile of pooopp, ! malade !  txt 8787523,jaiii t'aime beaucoup
in Sports leaders thing,   stuck inside   we wanna be playing rounders on the fielddddddd x      argh    shiv said hello
breaking a toe is no way to start off a monday! ouch 
couldn't nap had to get boi frm skool he's sick, poor baby  getting ready for wrk now , wish me luck imma wrk bout 14 hrs. time is money
@bain2 meh, still a source of angst 
Heading back to the big smoke. The timing shud be perfect. I shud catch *all* the traffic. Bollocks 
@mr_1of1 http://twitpic.com/3p5r6 - lol ur pix look like mine, blurry! she didnt stand still ..good show! didnt meet u tho 
2am... still working.    at this rate i'll never get rid of my insomnia!  still pissed i gotta pay $60 cuz my car tag was not bolted on!!
i wanna fuck a midget  anyone know any midgets?
Just had a deam there was 3 killers who exscaped from jail to find me and tried killing me nick &amp; killed 500 ppl  ugh
bye hk, hello phil.  i'm staying at diamond hotel until thursday. wi-fi's kinda slow. :|
Is wondering why twibble doesnt seem to work  hmm duncan help!!!!!@iamduncan
feels old at the age of 20 .......im offically over the hil  .....midlife crisis mode lol
this was the wackest 4:20... guess i gotta jus wait til the rain stops 2 go 2 jupiter 
@spurs is it possible that ud get a video of tim saying hi jen! I luv himmmm!  i collect duncan stuff... 
accidently clicted on a link that went to the miley and mandy show  woah no i saw 3 seconds!
@jenn926tx cept that sat I have to be back by 7 to pick up ryanne, so i will be on the road during the game  at least it will entertain me
@jacintahardy lol, chnging my course &amp; where's the bbq ? i didn't get the invite  but i'll be round the area tho cos i gotta go to epping!
so many miley and nick fans. 
uhhh. awake at this hour to finish stupid homework. and had the worst dream ever about michael. 
wot he did really hurt so i dumped him.....i hav never had this happen to me so...and he was dared to nd he didnt walk away 
wot he did really hurt so i dumped him.....i hav never had this happen to me so......and he was dared to nd he didnt walk away 
@louterry hahaha i wont. i was going for a peacock coloured fishtailed kinda dress... till my mum saw the pricetag 
@gerard_k mr spence has left us waiting outside his room while he givs a student teacher a tour. And there's no lizzy,  xoxo
@xLiLStArAnGeLx crazy youre still awake!! how was your final?? gluck packing thats gonna be me next weekend  whatever fits in the car goes
@crystalrosales smh... cure mine yo... im drowning in absolute opposite sex failure. 
@hot30 hell yea. omgomgomgomg twilight yaay hehe i preordered so my copy is ready now, but i can't pick up till 2moro   o well only 1 nite
@nick_carter you did't read my joke.. 
@ruchaingle yeah.. but till last yr used to confine myself in... this yr suddenly i wished for sun tan.. got sun burn instead.. 
how come i never win anything: #lg15 #harpersglobe #harpersisland #thelast no tshirt not even a badge! 
@dean_cummings morning! btw I know ur woes abt visits to the osteopath 
@theratandmouse sadly, yes. incredibly expensive  tis the basis for the original batmobile, although that's not why i want one!
@akashopper have fun!!!! Unfortunetly, I have to miss out 
@this_is_alex You got it on my freaking face! And in my eye! It burned a little!   &lt;RiGhT_RoUnD!&gt;
I'm over my b!tch fit  whateverz
@jcs0007 @aimeebelcher ps i just did the see you in the dark dance and it's no fun by myself 
@ben_stiller sea monkeys r brine shrimp nd live for round 3 days, if ur lucky enuf 2 hatch them- my 7 yr old was terribly dissapointed 
Finally finished wit the semester but it was the worst eva. I didn't do so good 
taking care of rudy... he is sick 
@DanaFukkinRose  wha does vet say?
the reasons I hear for low voter turnout in mumbai is long weekend getaways, sweltering heat etc.....I personally think this is nonsense 
@distractionz ahaha lol srsly.  plus, you in prison would make me sadface 
i hate snakes ughhhh they freak me out n im high as hell oooo my brother wont turn the damn channel so im in the rm 
i just listened to danity kane's ride for you...  that was the jam...hahah yart
@Holliedenton oh it pisses me off. I'm sooooore  okay tess from camp rock reminds me of renee except tess is nicer !
@KingEmbry thats like such a cool name im like trippin onhow cool it is tell your cat there cool! lol i want a cat now 
@WestEndActress this guy like each other - or rather he likes me because they looked through te texts he sent me and its gna be so aqward 
@utemkezz323 hey hunn. call me when u see this. i called yer house but no one picked up we called yer moms cell tooo  call me asap!
@smyal i shall have a looksie in nz cos i didnt get to watch the whole finale 
Aww mang a hour away from hom in long island eating kfc, cuz the caitering people forgot to bring my order! 
i hate seeing things coming to an end. just finished watching the rise and fall of danity kane.  shannon's sooo pretty though.
got shitfaced last nite &amp; had unprotected sex with a stranger, think i might be pregnant 
missing the old jonas brothers more and more as each minute goes by. it's not the same anymore 
needs to get ahold of ryan cook so she doesnt have to throw halo posters away 
going shopping!! but I think I am in a crappy mood so yer 
it sucks when the happyness turns into bummed outedness 
freaking for fizix (yeah alliteration, which doesnt help for engext1 either  [btw, anyone wanna hear a s/story idea for ext1?])
is going home to visit her fam next sunday!! woo hoo!! but she'll miss her boy 
@mdan01 hahaha clown, i need to change my tyres soon. i'm using a $2 note to 'cover' up the inner side of it, as the top has a huge cut! 
@JohannDiaz were in the same boat bro....I wish fios was availiable in my area 
heading sunday with un-well body!it's a darn! 
period pain la plak.. adehhh. xdpt ah nk ngadap internet lelame. isk  (sick) http://plurk.com/p/rbtum
U know how u bite ur cheek then u keep biting the same spot over and over again? yea, it sux 
@KatieDrinkwater cos we're under 21, even though we were on the guestlist they said no  he was lovely he was trying to sort it out :&quot;)
@ghanaboy14 when did you meet whitney from the city ?! sooo jealous 
i dnt point this out often but @ the end of this video the crazy guy clap'n n da air is me  http://tinyurl.com/dc93wz
@mrsgooding http://twitpic.com/4bip8 crappy photo  sad berry
Theres nothing better than abit of live music.All these festivals going on and i cant even make one.How poop 
is up early again and getting back on the diss! why dont laptops work in the sun 
@anna_goddard you shouldn't worry. i swapped it over for another one. equally cool, one third cheaper. btw no sign of the jeans yet 
headn to a wedding. don think iv bin to one since 02! naturally, im late... 
@jord4ns yeah dude, i have no fucking idea what's happened hahah, yeah tuesday is teh last day  r.i.p best house evuuur.
@LilEmoBoi oh well u tweeting during the show will make me feel so much better  take fotos and post em okaaiii
@BeaLindo hey sis! U are u gonna study? 
@bryan_kavanagh yeah seen the villa vid omg looks like heaven  i hate you lmao ;)
@Toongen fine then. just go abandon us for your sisters deb  hahahaha
Does anyone have an idea why garrysmod crashes on my eee pc 901 even though it's said to be compatible?  I need some good games for school
grrr i have no internet coz it ran out  so iv snuck onto gran &amp; grandads for a second. hope i get it back on soon!!
Driving back to ny from oxford ct, trying to understand why she came back into my life now hot as ever and engaged.  fuck
is rather worried abt certain things  but has her fingers crossed tht shes jus worryin 2 much but has 2 wait n c   ...love james lots!
@jordan_marshall my mum does that ALL the time. an like my 6&amp;8 yr old cousins love hannah montana so i just get called 
Morning. watching hannah montana best of both worlds haha. nothing nice for breakie  bad times
&quot;locked in&quot; stay home saturday cos mom's being vvvvvv selfish + over-expenditure yest. urgh 
looks like tinyurl is having a prob at the moment. That's always been a concern of mine 
@petewentz wow, thats how horrible days always start out  but keep your head up! and maybe you can change things!
paula doesnt like working on saturdays 
r.i.p pony, you ment alot to me. now ill have to get taxi's.  no more pony express for taylor. goodbye. xoxo
@beatricetan haha this is called effectiveness and doing nothing on my com!  hahaha won't you need to pay for that babe?
im all alone in the house  awww.. hahah its taking so long for me to write the stupid list :|
spendin' time w/ my baby before I gotta leave to work.  he wants his mommy &lt;3
oh &amp; phone dead cos on rapide in parc asterix got SWAMPED with water; didnt realise; chqrged up &amp; cooked it:  - bummer no txting now
town at 2 woohoo (not) at least it isnt rainin....yet :/ it better not do  need to get sum chocolatee nd some fizzzy laces
@fionagmr &quot;in gaga&quot; dont you mean &quot;to gaga&quot; oh well..club [v] !! my brothers at an 18th and im stuck at home 
@gault_timothy  and you didnt invite me?  
omg, vegan matzah ball soup &gt; life. lmao, it's that good! ugh, why am i having dinner @ 9am,  gah, my schedule's completely fucked.
things jst kp gtin worse nd worse, y do thngs lke dis alwys happen 2me 
I am hungry but can't eat coz my stomache is killing me  I am seeing the doctor tonight 
@justinberrier He handed me a huge spindle....I've got it covered...pray for dana...she's comin down w/ strep  she might stay home ton ...
@miss_evaded I rewallt hated missing your set  And steph gettin up there... ugh.. I thought we would b outta there sooner that than 
@erin_rosie ouch, yea I have to work at 4am tomorrow 
NO batti = no net  damn you wlink
the roof of my mouth feels all cut up  lol i suppose thats what i get for eating soo many chips haha =]
@KarmicBalance Aw no!  is your tail better? i feel sad now! You are same age as @teddyface_tia she will be 8 in late july/early august!
@mattggregory ohh so psyched matt gregory. annd i was able to get hold of a decent car, one that will not ruin our attire. no more ghetto 
laundry. mowing. blah. &gt;.&lt; gotta find something out today... 
im camera shy,not ready to be on a web show, which is why im in the gym, the stress of the launch has added some xtra junk in my trunk 
@Phantombeatz just busy mate with stupid uni wrk!  hows things wit u?
oklahoma was fun brought back memories of us doing calamity jane last year 
federer loses again  a djoko-nadal final i'm betting on ;)
bah! hayden gone! thinking of watching  a movie now as there is no point.  #ipl #csk
celts are on tnt tonight   tell me i can stream it on the web
@kat22stl hey kat - fyi - the website says toad suck is closed today due to weather 
Feels neglected cause ur talking to crack heads and ignoring me alllll day 
the scenes between daniel and little charlotte on lost are so sad. 
enjoyed my nite out last nite. saw some real characters. but just couldn't seem to &quot;get lucky&quot; 
@lovebscott um, I lost my wallet B..... so, I can't do anything this wknd... 
@bevysmith dying inside reading abt the fab nite i missed 
@ben987 whatever happened to not making me jealous?! 
I'm sick  jonas premiers tonight, pacman, &amp; canucks playoffs. Which on shall I watch? haha
@AlanCarr well i'm never one to pass up a dare but i can't get through on that fone number 
fashion show was fuuuun! im gunna miss it!  i'll try &amp; get pictures later.
gunna do sum business wrk 4 college  boredem lol
tweeking the last of my diet , im gona miss you suger, soda energy drink and any other thing that made me happy 
@EdwardDroste hi, please come somewhere near the north of england..! can't afford atp 
@LegendaryBali bali boy will u be at dragon room tuesday?? celebrating my birthday there.. i know dru n mayne in mia  but i want the rest
hanging out wit mac attack at the campground fixing to do something...wishing my bf would talk to me 
I wanna see helio sequence today or tmrw @ the palladium or the grove but it's too late to buy tix  people w/ hookups, help a sista out!
@mitchelmusso awh  i wasn't there but i wish i was! for ur disneyland resort show do u have to be a guest? check out myspace.com/414918607
I love death note. Stupis kate wouldnt let us watch it 
everyone fkn cancelled on me for tomm... im type livid... o well... its my fam time anyone.. ima enjoy myself... 
@madeofhoney mmkay. i got the perfect compromise. if u join the p.c.  im taking up violin. are u enjoying the moobie?
@davidyack Do you think that's cheesy? I think it's good info that needs to be free, but I gotta pay for my appendectomy somehow. 
my stomache is upset. all i want to do is cuddle with my kevin and fall asleep.. 
well its back to life... but now its a strange land im virgin to.  i just wanna play baseball 
Laying down nxt to someone extremely special... I'm jst bummd out bcs I dnt feel so well... 
nalene's house x movies with ryan nalene kyra and val sorry nalene and kyra.  i will give the money on monday
im hella kick back. got my feet up wit my hand behind my head. just chilln. wish i had some weed tho 
@kate38381849 not muchhh, kinda upset, cuz my break is over  and you hunnn?
finally in home! after a fight between 2 of my bff ever, i'm like so sad, cuz I dont know if it was my fault 
can't believe celts beat bulls 
my parents are gay and have banned off my computer... so now i have to sneak on  oh and i have a kevin jonas poster on my wall... lol.
@ha4real...twitpic my boy john! hahaha...sorry I missed u guys tonight 
@AlexaRPD I never understood a foot fetish. But then again alot don't understand me 
@_ena_ Got no choice but to rest oledi  Feels weird to be on the couch.
came home all gross from ceremony/waco fuck/ lewd act goddddd people rubbed their stank on me  gotta chower.
@medi_kate omg for some reason i'm more intrigued to see it now. it's like when a pitt attacks someone &amp; you wanna see the aftermath 
Ah crazy dream,  me, ricci, alex, ryon, harriett, agne, laurence and carrie got burguled  but we ran away
blossom: in salt lake with my jayce face...royce: home alone without me  (my baby has drill again 2morrow..) cant wait til' hes off!
@mr_louie I ended up not going out at all  but my back feels better for some reason
bulls let me down  maybe the mavs can boost my morale. fuck the celtics.
i fucking want to kill kill myself.  want to get my ex girlfriend want to get bac.  i'm so depressided.  i want to win kayla so back  
oh great, the teacherz r gna talk 2 all the students tomoro about teh fights that's been going around school. This isn't good 
waiting for flt home fr berlin so hungover i need to puke but,fingers crossed, ginger ale seems 2b doing the trick...missing @dipsetdebs 
catherinee isss upsettt  hahah inside jokee
 im sowwy but its not like cali is any better either i just got a call from one of the exs chicks and random txts  ugh!
i am standing doing the ironing  wishin i was somewhere else, on the upside i have mu music blaring and mr has found the hoover!
@mileycyrus  i was going to go to that show :'( But my dad cant afford tickets , cause we live in australia.. 
no groovin the moo for me  i'll just have to wait a whole  year then wont i
@_snaphappy oh poo.... need to buy lint remover at ace hardware kasi.. 
@alithered77 of my! *starts crying*  lmao
my copy of parklife is scratched and skips a lot during tracy jacks 
@michelle_j70 well at least sum1's swannin off2 egypt soon lol.. have u not got space to fit me in ur suitcase?? 
@irishpixie36 ha ha your still rotten !!! Would be a thrill sailing today but I think I would like to stay dry as the sea lumpy as hell 
@jenny12389 aww I had to take jazz mr shift, gave my shift to keiona. I'm sorry 
Hey @alohabruce I was just streaming and who did I find... just missed you at geek meet   (hawaii-vacations live &gt; http://ustre.am/2fWC)
bulls lost  but I think if they can hold on to their team, bring back luol deng and maybe add one more piece, they are in good shape.
Morning all..fun l.nyt wit my girls.wishin I could go out 2nyt!!get hammered.2much 2do tho 
@lance02 is there a post up? I got up &amp; was ready to work &amp; my internet is down (on handheld). I love my sunday jungle of life fix 
#FryQI http://zoe-tis-me.weebly.com/ How will I be discovered if nobody reads  lol
omg my drawing table is like whoa and it makes me like football lovers 
wonder if i'll make 10,000 tweets today hmmm do i win anything? blue peter badge? nope 
someone motivate mee, been on the laptop for 3hrs and not wrote 1 wordd!! soooo bored 
Ahhh B3ta scares me  If only I were a 40 year old internet virgin with a superiority complex as well...
@Tracy_1303 cuz all us kyte girls have one and i think miss tracy is the only one who hasnt!  lol...anyways hows u? any plans 4 2day?xxx
Says yeah, self-proclaimed writer-types are SO full of themselves.  http://plurk.com/p/rj3wt
i actually really liked hes nose!! awwwhh i miss stevie  slutsalad is a 16 year old slut hence the name!!
shorting out music for bbq unfortunately my family dont appreciate the music of @mileycyrus @ddlovato and @Jonasbrothers  oh well =] xo
mah bed's calling me, too bad my ass is here for the nxt 4 hrs...double shifts arent fun 
feels like im getting no where with this...omg...i swear it will be more productive for me to bang my head against a brick wall  *cries*
Yes we did. We went to tgi Fridays lol. Having problems with connecting lap tops to wi-fi 
@AmyLovesMcFly14 lol yeh i am, its a pity hamish blake isnt there 
@nicola_prigg hey chatting atm.. got housework to do this afternoon, but had a long lie-in cuz it all kicked off last night in our street 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4fzo7 - noooo dont dye ti  its pretty enough as it is!!
i wasnt down until sum1 sed summat 
Since if been hoovering iv cut my lip and fell on the sofa. WTF  lmao
hmmmmmm wot to do this afternoon! fancy a laydown but thats not going to happen 
@dangerradio was covering britney spears at bamboozle! i wish i was there 
@nuttychris i cant txt anyone, neva hav money on my phone 
eh   weekend  ends once more .....
 just run myself a bath, atleast i thought i had. run the taps but to plug in the plug, went back and bath was empty  ahahaha im so dumb
productive morning watching other ppl being fit..i.e runners in the edinburgh run thing.now feel like total piggy.also spacebar is broke 
creating twitter tho feel like ive a hangover witch aint possible 
@hapSTAR 3-0 but we hit the bar like 4 times !!! joey barton took my alonso out  actually feel sorry for shearer... he's proper gutted !
sun + the holloways album = bliss. shame im revising as well 
Y did virgin media hav 2 cancel trouble! i gt no mre fresh prince 2 wtch 
finally watched pacquiao-hatton! poor hatton  i tend to root for upper hands (ie. pacman, nadal), but feel sorry for the loser after
is loving the new throwback jamz channel on music choice but sad cuz paris called me old for liking it... 
@teach77: nope  but I did sleep in til 8:35...so that's a plus
the turnpike signs said harisburg and the other to ohio... i wouldve rather taken the ohio exit to see the ohio fam 
@d33ann hmm, no idea. expose is like magic to me; it just works or it doesn't 
@mugluf hahahah lol we used to agess ago and sold it  but i dont think itll be for a while... and it does i checked the website LOL ...
@aplusk ever since you got with her you havn't been the same old ashton anymore  your more serious and layed back.....make another comedy.
i cant do it. i cant i cant i cant i cant. maybe a bit of wont as well tbh.fucks sake why do i do this to myself. no benefit to it at all 
@KatherineHelena ooooh, thats poo  well i've posted chapter 68, and i've written chapters 69 &amp; 70, 69 might get posted later 
just woke up...bout to go to barnes and noble..then the tanning bed. and ps why the hell is it so cold today? 
@RachaelBlevins3 haha kool btw i didnt mean tat text earlier in a bad way 
@jennjennthehen I'm alright bt jst want a pint n a banter w/some1 cos i havent had social contact all weekend!!  mayb but on night shift
going to get lunch with donnie. i wouldnt feel so shitty if i went to bed before 10 
@battleshipdrive i'm sorry bb.  shouldn't there be tons of gay dudes though? isn't your mom like a hag of the 1st degree?
dropped my laptop on the bridge ov my nose can feel a lump  looks bruised uhh ohhh  xxx
hm my alarm didn't go off  late for uni, and my presentation. fuckkk!
aaaaghhh!!! @ciarachillin my fingers jst dnt flow whn typing this. grrr now I gotta reprogram my nubs 
@jacvanek are your street teamers still out and about? ive been working and havent seen any to buy from 
Playing wii fit with my cousin and sister :] Its so fun but tiring, we have a wii but not a wii  fit  I want one.
i wish a famous person will talk to me   i have always wanted to b like hannah montana and i guess that dream will never come true...bye!
watchin tv n doin my math homework  then desperate housewives wit my momma. &lt;3
@sd0403 haha yeaa..it was because of graduation. like it just hit me today after the rents left w. most of my stuff  .ps i be in pitt tom.
it's sunday nite &amp; i'm having 'mad men' withdrawal. guess i'll have to settle for reruns. 
@anidee  i was running around calhoun and there was million ppl and i was passing in the grass but there was a hole and i stepped in it 
@AshleyLTMSYF that's soo sad  i miss it. it seems like you girls won't be at the montreal show and girlicious are opening instead.
1st wkend of house hunting n I found no homes  trying again next wkend tho... reading my book now.. then 2 bed cuz I am a lamo
if lucas till and taylor swift start dating i will start barfing goats all over the placeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee   +o(       
 *cries* I'm so depressed, thanks to you my angel! &quot;I'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well&quot;!!
@tweetfan09 awww well I just moved to sacramento from san diego. I miss it like crazy 
carmen, you stand alone. everyone loves zoey 101.   michael&amp;chase are the cutest best friends in da world 
@loudagarcia ha nope, i got one more semester   when you graduating?
can someone watch the new hannah montana episode as well as the new sonny with a chance?  pleeeeeeeease! i'll love you forever&amp;ever?
@bygbaby enjoy, cuz I'm all out now.  
im listen mercy mercedes right now they are my fav top bands i misses those guys alot  i cant to see them at warped tour :-D
finished its feckin four in the morn!what a waste an back to work 2moz 
Stefanies gone  jelly bean and I are snuggling and discussing last nights festivities! I pretty much love foriegners more than umm?
@1stLadyEL  u dont neva invite ya bklyn boo 2 jersey girls. I kno how 2 behave  lol I'll wear a button up and leave the guns in the car
lol resend. cause idk wtf yr talking about 
starting my english paper shoulda done it hours ago but o well 
if you really love me please never again said that!  you make me suffer!!...hahah the drama queen(moi) attack!!ok...
@digitalizzm hahaha agree.especially since we podium hogged!but I left after bump 
hurry sonny just started  it's already fabulous.
uugggh i should of stayed home. i still hav science and biotech homework..guna hav to pull an all nighter 
this weekend i watched: superbad, haunting in connecticut, juno, knocked up &amp; borat. juno didn't have enough wit to make up for the rest 
@Liberalviewer1 hey whatever works! I haven't been writing except my notebook altho I did have some wine recently...didn't inspire me 
@djt_elle - I only got a 250 guess I gotta upgrade... Only thing is I'm still setting up external crates. I hate switchin computers 
@hi_its_ty -shopping again  me and my mom shopped for like 6 hrs yesterday, and my toes were killing me!lol i think theyll be ok evntually
ok..2 of the songs deleted off my comp was &quot;games&quot;...&amp; &quot;didnt i blow ur mind&quot; any1 wanna email me those mp3s? i cant find my box of cds! 
@_tira ive been doing french all weekend, i havent done any listening ones cause ive lost my cd's haha! im hopeless. 
i trying contact with u via youtube but u dont read my message  nick (hovadoposrate)
brad smith jumps bandwagons 
@jyoonp joyce what's your pin you're not on my list anymore  but I'm sick of bb too. gayy
sometimes, all you can do is eat junk food, watch a chick flick, and cry.  i don't want to go home on friday 
@himynameisjawsh why do u hate me!? first shoot me in laser tag, pick me as lava monster, dont bring me food, make fun of me... 
@sunkissedpeach got em! Lol been single for going on 2 yrs now.... 
@MsTyraLikeBanks ahaaaahaaaahaaa I wish I mack on monday  might b on grave soon if this chick makes up her dang mind
ummm ... what does it mean if u have shooting pain in ur right shoulder?? 
@megan_nicole10:my car is getting fixed tomorrow  I probably should wait till they call me to do anything
got exam in 5 hrs and havent studied yet  caught up in myspace design and tryna get clients
@luv_musiq crap! I was walking my dog and talking to my sis but I did check in around 2am but no one was there  I'll def be there 2morrow!
jesus christ the twitterbots are weird. stop following me whors 
@missriches21 ah man  u lucky i fuccs wit u cuz if was anyone else from bk they would have to wait for the weekend lol what part u from?
 still upset abt not winning the new moon tickets i really wanted to go to italy !!    my sis (@lauraxavier) and i really wanted to go
was trying to sleep early because i'm getting sicker  but felt the urge to write something ... scratchy draft http://tinyurl.com/d8te9e
only now are all the mosquito bites from friday showing up and jesus, they are EVERYWHERE. so itchy  my body is just miserable right now.
didnt buy nintendo  so i got the old play station 1 out and shredded on crash bandicoot 2. love that kid.
@SlippingAngel i agree, with mrs o walkin around saying theres no more swineflu and then trying to spread it to us coz of our nice noises 
bout 2 go 2 sleep since sum or bein stingy on callin me and reading me a bedtiome story  oops i change my number ne way.lmao
watching 20/20,can't believe wellington health care system 4 kids wit cancer, so sad  shldn't b like that, we're not a 3rd wrld county.
@anieszkaa maths is 4.3 Q1,2 and we have a whole bunch of  history to do  ahh well i shall comment you on myspace though kay loverlyy?
@shaundiviney my foot feels the same as ur arm  dw i will kiss it betr if u like! doubt u wanna kiss my foot, but hey, ne things possible
@pocketedward so i rescued 1 of ur pocket bruthas today but i think he's 2 scared of kangaroos to come out of the box!!  hehe :-P
i am saving mony for my shopping spree in london enshalah , i don`t want to spend it here  i hate going to wel.. http://tinyurl.com/d3syr7
@amy__xx I cant step away  lol dammit. especially now i have it on my phone. dude the camera is sexy sexy 8mp &amp; 5x zoom ;) aha x x
@QueenieCyrus me either  my sister didn't win that competition and she's like been a fan of her since hannah montana  ...
just got home...and no food to be found...and i gotta go in early tomorrow cuz i gotta give back my friend's giant hello kitty poster 
hay peeps i am so bored and in pain coz i got a swolen knee              
@alexiszlamal $200 HOLYBAJIBUS, the helmet probs made of gold! can u send me the url even though it ended. yeah someone unfollowed 23-22 
@tracy_tp go back to bed you're not missing anything, its cloudy and dismal 
@emzyjonas haha yea, little bill. i used to cry on the christmas episode when the grandma couldnt come home  :L x
ugh time fr skool BOREING id rather b cleaning! than go 2 skool poor me! 
@janieknockout I might buy it on new ebay acct cause no one likes zero feedback  stop making me like junie I'm getting a lil crush
@amazingphoebe you just did phoebe lolol hang on a sec 
Goodmorning world! That damn wii fit ain't no joke..my body hurts 
oh no, lots of dissertation corrections to make by the looks of it. and havent even got past the title page 
sad i don't wanna go back to work. I wish I could be a stay at home mom but doug wont let me 
is trying to get her shizzle off her comp onto disc before her comp packs in again 
cant believe she has left her luggage at a hotel she is not stayin at. stressed- who knew there were 2 novotel's in darlin harbour 
@JulzM noice. a slightly delayed anniversary pressie eh? no vino for @coliwilso this week. workings 
ohh it started to raing  no fair i hate rain but owell at least no touch footy at school lol mabye
@randallpinky cali isnt until late june...but found someone 2 take my condo &amp; everything thats in it asap! so stayin w a friend till june 
i feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeel really really cold.  but, i found my superman tshirt - yay!
@TheLastDoctor hahahaha!! i tried to get her to go to the royal ball with me, but she didn't answer 
at worthy park : theres no fair 
so... my work comp is kinda dead right now. hope i didnt get a virus from myspace!  &amp;i knew i shoulda backed quickbooks up! uh oh!
is home with my lil man, still feeling like total crap...gotta kick this soon, I  absolutely hate being sick 
@RULERDIVINE hola! how was ur weekend? I didnt talk 2 nobody 4 the rest of the wknd after that fight..  LOL. oh yea, wheres my gold star?
obv in a very good mood now!  fancy makin soup bt cba to gt up. think ill just watch robin hood instead
tried out for idol on sunday, sang boyz 2 men, If i ever fall in love again! didnt get in, to nervous 
@ulyuleeuli crap I just saw that yesterday and did'nt stay for the end credits, what happend... and nope currently I am not 
Looks like I'm not going to the gym &gt;&gt; sulks  a little bit
jst about to yet again attempt drama :/ my heads really sore 
blarg, stuffed myself at jimmy chungs, feeling horrible now, it was good whilst i was there though.  sleepy now
back in michigan  nyc was probably the best trip of my life!
@raihanamcfly LOL! salivary gland?? frm those little flies?? no way!  alison=drama queen  oh no, ur brain hurts? a new brain is growing!
oh and my tshirt ripped , ive never sworn under my breath so much in my entire life im so angry. its my favourite t-shirt. 
@nezza74 yeah send me one please...I have nothing to create them with windows media only does wma 
wish i was in cali w/ my family rite now during des fires  please keep southern california in ur prayers des wildfires r no joke
i have my own rooom! but it is now very weird not seeing nikki's bed in there 
oh i hurt my ankle  stupid cross country lol luckily i can still run on it with no prob though just have to wear a brace
@rejectstv wish i lived in the same country as u guys :'(    , is tyson there?? hi tyson,a nd the rest of a.a.r use all rock tyson da best
@verwon tis a funny sketch, tho my fave was the all drug olympics, had them both on my youtube at one point but nbc claimed back rights 
I hate this non sleeping malarky  soo tired
@tiano3 wow r.les has been showing la no love. I think this is his 1st show out here &amp; kshas almost on twitter lol it didn't go thru yest 
it certainly seems like it... its making me sad... i have nothing else to do in canada... and my bff talks to me once in a while  
I'm alone and lonley  guess it's just me and the tv, and maybe a bag of chips!
@zachtib you sent- @mcatherineblack fave fun... for me, classes start on monday   I thought in ref to me being on vaca?  What classes?
No one missed me  I said I missed yall mh mean asses
uck i feel sooooo sick!!! 2 nites now u couldnt finish dinner, what a waste of $. might have 2 go 2 walgreens...i'm miserable &amp; nauseaous 
@DARKENDT_T so i wuz in band practice....&amp; i left my fone ona desk &amp; she was moving all the desks .. so it slid off &amp; broke on tha ground 
@mcraddictal    &lt;----- much sadness cuz o ur headache &amp; everything
@sdotchris ive been in texas for awhile and the comp here at the condos wnt let me get on twitter and ro ive missed a lot! 
has got the strangest craving for some oranje juice all of a sudden. And wouldnt you know it, we dont even have any 
bye bye mariah carey always gets me 2 tears.... i missed some of my lost ones  may their souls rest in peace
@colorthatdanii I'm just kidding dani slumdog made me feel kinda bad about my life 
@MegsAcord no dave for me for awhile  hubby got a job, I now lose my built in caregiver for me to run off n chase dave ;)
flat front bike tire  gotta get it fix monday before the lady sov concert (idk if i should be sad or happy??)
@cathy_cochina40 hah yupp I was..my fave didn;t win  haha I'm pretty good and you??
@petewentz oh, pete. i'm so sorry. i feel your pain, man. my dog austin pasted away when i was only seven. 
@paramoreband new moon wont be the same without your music guys 
and why do i have to go through los angeles for my visa? why can't i join the rest of the south and go through chicago? they're quick. 
@KimKardashian i just saw the episode where u guys watched family videos of ur dad. i balled my ass off  how long has it been?
a little bit sad.  kirk and spock may have killed my favorite tv show 
@rainnwilson His family has actually sued, making it mandatory to describe the maneuver as &quot;abdominal thrusts&quot; bcuz he got no $$ from it. 
@BakeMeUpLA no, there must be a logical explanation.... like a curse. hehe ... sugar is awful for me anyway. 
ok, so the usual &quot;reboot a shit-load of times&quot; step that usually fixed this issue isnt working. my xbox has finally bought it 
i'm thinking kris allen has more talent than he's getting credit for,i wish he'd win ai, doubt he will. 
so pumped for chuck and blair. i really wish i could take a peak at the gossip girl script 
@GRNpea damn....and I really thought I had it  sars for screwing up ur serious tweet.....I'll just go to be now. And stay outta ur way
On the way* ...  sigh I am missing justin timberlake in snl right now 
layin down thinking what ima do about all these men problems 
Watching a haunting in conneticut with samantha and sara. poor sara keeps getting sick  ily guys lol.
@mama_cholo lol. u're totally in the lame club. con monica lol. n me.  i told her i dont remember being this lame b4 i met her lol.
@mini_ritz Thanks hun.. the plan was neva to be sick.. but I failed 
@caityyyyyy aww bubba ! have you studied yett ? ive been out all wknd and i just started ! and its so damn hard to remember errthing ! 
G'morning socialverse - sry 4 the noise lately, but we got this nasty #zensursula censorship problem in german internet - need 2 fight 
When for a dh ride today with remy and dan had a crash on the off-camber cut my knee, twice 
@shaundiviney i would, but i am stuck in stupid melbourne 
@vuhnessuh vanessa you should send me i can't do the one two step! i can't find it online! 
@CHELLETASTIC sorry my brb took longer  i jumped on the wii for a sec &amp; then i got back &amp; u were gone..
@jasonmitchener happy abt ur neck.. sry bout ur dad... my dad died from emphasema... he was a lifelong smoker...  it wasnt in his sleep 
Oh how I love skits about disneyland but poor pluto got shot  hahaha
More freakin' rain!  #fb
@gg_grace guess wat? we tied to the bottom team, dissapointing i know 
upset! i can't text jessica 
getting a bit sick of sundays  or rather the person i work with bring back my lisa i miss fun sundays 
I love dis girl soo fukkin muchhh buhh i lied to her nd now shes gone...mannn wat do i do knooo 
@4everBrandy hey brandy i keep tweeting u no reply  i know ure busy neway i'll keep trying! i think ure the best! xoxo
FartWatch: Someone keeps farting on the dancefloor  http://cli.gs/JNVpP2
@countjerkula im still on series one! i want to have the annointed round for tea, hes so cute! aww the whole buffy/angel starting place  x
well ood morning!well not a good mornin for me! i think i made a mistake 
@MaschaD I'm begining to think I scared jon away     I am friiggin so sick &amp; I'm bummed about no cruise...&amp; I miss my gutter talks w/ u...
@Mzuniquemusic but that's cuz I'm having beat withdrawls 
tryna catch some Z's...i guess i need better bait 
ohh dear  brothers gone back to the army  miss youu xxx
just realized I lost my scotty wu beat tag 2....  I might have it one of my flash drives damn.....
@jodiexjonesx heyya   that thing about james is well bad i cant get ova it 
hope is www is behavin @ home, gotta ring bloody vodafone in morn n get it sorted &gt; pain in the butt &gt; 
@irasapsup actually that's australian dollar kak, but still......... 
listening to radio 1 as  didnt get tickets  and i live in swindon (gutted).  excited to hear ne-yo and n-dubz though.
Damnit internet's gone to sleep, just as I wanted to scour ebay 
aww something for the weekend is just not the same wiv out simon 
@ElizaPatricia yo eliza! where's kampala ? is that in africa ? sorry suck @ geography 
@sabrinahanim penguin peace sign? that mr spock greeting? live long n prosper? sorry sweets, gots a meeting wit my supervisor! 
hates workin sundays 
@nick_carter hey nick I can't email the utube link at groundctrl   
@DebbieFletcher ahhh i live like 10 minutes away from him and hes always in the starbucks on my road! but iv never managed to meet him  xx
feels under the weather. oh no.  http://plurk.com/p/sw6fc
@chloe254 I have to wait 4 airline food tho... no point in taking out anymore dong when can't exchange outside vietnam  *tummy grumbles*
@AmyKNelson yes, we stretch and stay in miami as long as possible... but our 2-yr-old's going to school in nyc soon 
noooo greg &amp; maz  my favourite shipwrecked couple  i can't believe she did that 
feel so sorry for max &amp; greg them to where gd togeher and i hoped it lasted after the show 
Late weigh in, plus wearing heavier clothes. In any case, 26st10lbs - 5lb gain. Looks like I  didn't get away with it 
so tired and I gotta get up early but there's too many ppl here at my house 
@snedwan crap so annoyed over hour and half my best is hour 16  told by physio yest not to do it so least I finished
@lostlah yep, ive still gotta do loads of homework and i didnt listen to our teacher when he was telling us what to do so im bummed 
checking out rihanna! lol i've slept with better looking girls than her.... for shame rihanna 
@DHughesy disgusted to admit i have done 3 cans of 'mother' on a couple of occasions lately. thats 1.5ltrs  cant be healthy
ah mah god !  nally baby.. i wana give you the biggest hug in the world !   and lastnight was good for me
resetting my google reader to zero took more inner strength than i woulda thought. never gonna catch up to 1000+ unread posts though. 
omg, they dnt wanna go to church. poor rev joell &amp; her children's moment   they're lameee, ehh D:&lt;
lgbtnetwork: Thanks for the mention, but we never get anything from them  that's the price for saying it how you see it http://ow.ly/64pm
@AaronBell94:  yeah! they always get on wi fi connection on my wii at night,and his person name was yo mommah, and he beat me 
i love the clique girlz clothes heres an old pic when ariel was still with them, now since she left, they have sara  not a huge fan of her
Watching rv LOL and I'm getting seasick 
@lauren_shaw how the vacation going? haha i've been super busy and forgot to tweet you everyday  xxxxx
@shawnee_dj  *hugs* bad times  and not sure, probs about 6ish
Oh damn damn it's 2nil #manutd  hughes needs to sort out his boys! #football #mancity
@Carrieissovery I think its bc the dress I'm wearing makes my boobs stand out 
currently in shitty/overly grumpy mood..must be cuz of gay schoolwork which is due 2moz plus lack of sleep 
@No1PanicFan and my mid-terms were ok... next will start in 2 weeks...  I have to study again... and luv ur camp pics!
ooh noo, mr. hangover? 
oh yes and by the way i have a new youtube channel its stickynotesarah   subscribe pleaseeeee   and give me some ideas cos i have no vids 
@anarborslade ok, i remembered something: rocking jane's addiction and bush in dev's car to/from cvs &lt;3 
@moderncowboy nope  I have so many freakin passwords, I don't know why I didn't put it in my password keeper...sigh....
@FaveColourPink hahaha, i think the birds r just having my life! il try that but they sit on the window ledge bit and shit down the door! 
hates @mfhorne a little bit... coz now she well fancies some hula hoops and all she's got is walkers... 
omw my eyes r sooooo friggn sore! agh! my afrikaans h/w murdered me  nd now i have to write a english story--&gt; handwritten eep!
@cescahewitson haha god knows lol. but i got proper hyped up bout maybe talking with your husband ;) last uk gig tonight  xxx
twins got 2 xbox 360's and wont spare me one  whata diccccck
aw awsome party lst nite hink drank too much x gt wrk in 20mins dini wanna go  feel ill lol
omg the worst thing ever happened this morning..i came to listen to my ipod and realised id left it on all nightt  poor meee
Just found out that I belong to the last batch in enlisment  booo.. of all sems ngayon pa! i hope i can still get a good schedule!
@edapalooza gotta agree on the cap rip off, they've done it to me 
oh no  the side buttons on my razer habu mouse have stopped working! now i gotta find my spare buttons else i can't work properly!!
Camping was super duper fun!!!!!  Not looking forward to this summer though  No roomies and no mr  WTF.
@dirgni19 hehehe...i do miss going to school...sigh!  okay, tell nanay and i'll text her na din.
f1 didn't go so well for the finns  but tonight im watching hockey, russia vs canada, happy face for that!
Leavn scottsdale mall w/ lil mini me .. I luv lush&quot; my new fave store. An I wanted evrything @ metropark.no time for american apperal 
@nicolemariebby yea me too and i need someone to talk to but im not postin everythin on this so the world can read it  wanna txt me?
@mrallenakaneo its 30 away  and i havent gotten any new followers since friday...guess thats what i get for shuttin my damn mouth
@LLALaurie The chines bor/sis team... the death mom and sonteam were in the lea nut he got stumped jn the final road block 
@chcuk why do i fail??! if its because of hayden u can shut up! shes so hot  tear.
@brownillusion o.. awww. im sorry!! cheer up!!.. and u dont accept bands  .. add me wen u get the chance to www.myspace.com/TriLLie614
@chelsea_playboy ok we be angry together, didn get my txt either 
@stephysaby: ofcourse I will tell her &amp; nope my boyfriend came over then we unpacked so I haven't been able to upload  how bout youu ?
yeah i was serious LOL &lt;3 straight upp! right now.. pretty lonely  i need cuddles! ha
I wish andrea lived closer  but she don
http://bit.ly/ac2cz  grow your hair back please 
@wishicouldwait_ ooooh noooo  im very sorry aboot your teeth. but surely knowing your boobs dont look like hers makes it all better, right
@MsStaceyLee yah, i'm alright.  still not in good shape, but no blood involved. i'm so sorry i missed it. i wish i could've been there 
dang it!!! mavs force a game 5  gotta give credit to the mavs but i still dislike mark cuban... he's an idiot
@iamstephluvah damnnnn steph we on the same wavelengths and shit tonight. The ones that got away 
@mary_kate_olsen ooo fun!!!! I'd love to be their next victim!!! too bad it was fake fur  I'll cut up my real fur for ur next portrait!!!
lmaooo omg @ gospel arobics  I'm mad at that lool
@erinpepper dm your # again cuz i can't find you in my contacts 
no penkivil st cant have my snakes or lizards there  well fuck you too
@wandachairunisa i think i had a brain jam   especially because of iam sitting next to you
thomas thompson is the most random guy i've ever met. sad he's gone... again  back to his boyfriend in canberra i think
Just finished at the gym. awe poor stephanie pratt. . you're getting from peoples rev  &lt;curty&gt;
@jordanknight oh noooooo, i was coming all the way from england to see you at west palm beach 
i &lt;3 my job. booo @ canucks defeat, btw 
@stacey_burns Sounds like my list.  And alas, I am still up too.  
gnite twitter fam, (rubbin my crystal ball) celtics win and go up 3-2 can't wait. garnett I miss u 
I hate it when its raining outside and ur alone in ur apartment wishin u had sum1 to cuddle with while watchin a movie 
oh man - allison was robbed on 'america's next top model' - teyona won - she's really cute too but i really thought allison would win 
@iAmMouse girl, i couldn't see anything. i had to click on ur name. this sucks. 
@Graece gah... my crappy hotel connection doesn't want me on wow tonight 
hmmm danny left idol     hopefully adam wins it all! such an amazing talent he has
@Rehanana really? the caylee anthony thing was huge down here because it happened right here in orlando.  poor little girl 
@Starshadow WHen other people send letters, it takes 3 days  wtf
@itshoodrich lmao y u stop textin me? u musta found a good hiding spot cuz i still aint been able to find youu 
almost done..couple weeks moree! ( klo msal'a gw bda klas ma lu pdaa nver forget me yiaa hwhw 
my dvr filled up before the lost ended...god damn it 
i...am....so....tired  i have to walk along a stupid beach countin stpid ciggarette ends in the stupid f***ing rain  im not in a gd mood
@Johnnyacop  johnny i hate u for not explaining ur surgery shit..i cnt believe u had a back surgery and didnt tell us.i felt so left out! 
@mccharm nah shaylie send me spam via myspace or someone hacked her! 
@ashleycornall sounds painful! when u seeing danny bhoy? i went to a show last night, and he had cancelled... 
i think twitter has reached its breaking point 2 nite...unless they change this shit back..its basically reached its max...it wuz fun tho 
@sarah_star3 nae joy. I'm here already 
my feet are pounding, my eyes burn, my neck kills, my back hurts..but dammit I'm gonna make the deadline! and I'm sad danny got voted off 
@heycassadee u guyz were tottaly awesome at columbus but hte rain made my hair dye run 
@whysogreen yea we go through gear like mad! no way could you try to replicate an ovie goal on our rink  i have tried 
and im sneezing A LOT! its defo swine flu! woop woop no exams! &lt;&lt; this is what edexcel have done to us!!! 
hate it, my pc broke, so have to use my girlfriends one-  I always get the shittest things to use... give me a notebook for free please...
@slavelexi Agghh thats bad re the friend  gotta pay the bills and baby has to come before the pot *hugs*
@Manuelitoohno bby idk why that i cant get over that ordeal 
few overslept so i guess that means no dynamic web (class starts in 30 mins and its 1h drive) too bad, really didn't wanna miss it 
:o finale of antm tonightt. if only i lived in america 
@iUnspoken ya, haha, but i kinda messed up a bit &gt;~&lt; coz i din research as much of my stuff T_T later pull my friends marks with me 
soooo sleepy. but dw it's not all my fault the doc gave me sum meds and it's their fault. i'll b betta soon. 
@klairwellings i'm askin myself the same question LOL! ew ew ew. i *hate* feeling like this 
@stu_allan you could always get a maxroam sim (http://bit.ly/fSDQz) or similar, shame you can't port your number across though 
@zenojones I tried to but they sold out so I'll be trying 2 get them @ the door...or listening 2 my big sean + drake cd's @ the crib  
shit scared about tomorrrow lisa 
@melaniefiona - awwwe shnaps! its sam! i miss her. good Tdot peeps. what happened to her finger?  awesome jam session btw!
@xbllygbsn mmhm, it better fs  :$. ayee, jus feel all bleh. feel huge :$ like..really big  like size 16 big..horrible horrible 
@rehna_tu not at all. i am not in favour of this o_0   not even the smallest size pic is uploading! trying past 2 weeks but in vain!!!
@DatBoyXO shut ur trap mister! I'm mad too cuz I had a 3 hr nap &amp; can't sleep...along size with my &quot;woman issues&quot; 
@xbllygbsn still a size 10..but a big size 10  :$:$. a cant wait to see you either, but a jus feel all huge  :$
@crimpomatic @mr_cf sorry folks can't play you need a guest login 
i'm uber duper jealous on david cook and archuleta's fans.  i really really wish @taylorswift13 also visits the philippines.
@PainterMommy sorry- yest. got crzy.  but to answer, yup- happy to have my boys &amp; def. done w/more. dont hav gr8 pregnancies  l
@miley cyrus theres such thing as chocolate covered skittles?:-o how cool. why doesnt ireland have them   your amazing duude, love jen. x
@mileycyrus theres such thing as chocolate covered skittles? :-o how cool.why doesn't ireland have them.  your amazing btw.  love jen. x
@Ofana33 ahaha yeahh.. hm.. where've I been eh? usual.. bleh school.. my bus timetable got changed and I get home half an hour late 
bored bored bored bored!! and theres nothing to eat in my house  xx
@rowixoxo i know. she was so pretty! and wasn't such a bitch like cassie etc.   sick   but i'm coming tomorrow. ready and pumped for maths
so disappointed about lost last night.....poor juliet  (and jacob whoever you were...)
what happened to my direct deposit? and it to damn early to b working when u havent had a gud nights rest 
@nyramohamad whats push about?ada rock climbing ah tmw  DAMNIT! where should i head to?  :'( rock climbing or movies?
@twicullen  lmao hahaha no idea.. who they art im a @thefatboy 's fan i was gonna say lover but i couldn't  even tho they offered sausage!
i make no sense. @thedownfall: i'm just thinking. why aren't we flying to wherever to watch watever. i thought we need to. we have to. 
@DavidArchie but archie,, mo twister isn't that good... many personalities in showbiz hates him.. really.. 
@nj17 but there was no romantic night that i hoped it would be but it's ok its the position we are in he is not too lovable or into sex 
@itsvickybitches yea well we were supposed to trade remember? That's how I got stuck with the lx 
On crosstown bust to work cuz my calves are killing me from my tueday ultimate conditioning class 
hes alrd asleep without giving me any gdnite wishes and kisses.  dnt feel like toking 2 him tmr. - http://tweet.sg
@MaggiePlusPlus will do, catch you on the next one. Looks like indy code camp reg is closed. 
@kristycavalari NO fair I want to twitpic toooooo 
started reading marley and me, so far so good. havn't seen the film so anxious for the end coz apparently its really sad? 
@_JAILBAIT LOL a cloggie as an ex cool ...but ex fiance?? ohhh thats uhmm not good news 
wut the... is google / gmail down for anyone?? its not loading for me 
@diraheythere dira im really really sorry my big bro just ruined my dvds collection,he took chuck and bring it to his home 
wut the... is google / gmail down for anyone?? its not loading for me 
wut the... is google / gmail down for anyone?? its not loading for me 
wut the... is google / gmail down for anyone?? its not loading for me 
goodnite everybody. bsok ya br blesnya.capek.hu. n someone there.sorry for too much ignoring u this night 
is with mum, nats and auntie sue,, having a good old chat,, if only i didn't have to revise aswell  x
And zachary  josh keeps butt dialing me wtfff!
...cant whistle..and looks like a nerd trying...sadness  hah.
omg rang the jonas brothers the other day but it sucked cos they didnt ring back. 
has to stop watching pretty woman  i love julia roberts.
grrr....still in arlington...being lazy..and the rain doesn't help 
a hunting i will go a hunting i will go. hi ho the dairy oh. a hunting i will go. also. pigs are not as cute when they have been cooked. 
welcome to the #LOSNOTC.  cuz it isnt friday anymore and i still have no where to go 
angels and demons da vinci code deception point and digital fortress i cant seem to be pleased by a book after these danke to u mr brown 
stuck doin english project . &gt; 
@spock_reznor @trent_reznor, I couldn't give much, but I gave my $1  wish the damn economy would let me give more.
I'm half way thru my packing for hawaii. missing all my bali stuff I left in jkt. 
asks panu mag-change nan font face xa ep.es ?  http://plurk.com/p/u9bux
wow! i lhurve d opening dance of asap! oh,i really miss dancing on stage. 
@brindywlazor  i was talkin abt how my job is a challenge! but i lv it! an so on.. askd if u agree an if u goin out w/ rp? doc tomoro? 
@BenMSchofield dude that deserves a txt don't u think?  I mean u know he's my idol being gay and all gah.....  I miss blackbloodben  haha
ok im back twit!! miss me? i was sick  then i steeped on a six inch long nail, then i was mean an rude to the girl i love cues i never see
@spencerpratt you're neglecting your irish fans! we rang you tonight while we wer out in a club, but no funny spencer, 
KATIES HOME! and wont share her mcdonalds  watching law and order svu and sleeping. cant wait till tuesday real housewives of new jersey!!
I get better internet reception out in sandbridge than I do at home!  I fucking hate my damn wireless router. er, more like it hates me.
hears the disneyland fireworks. 
it's hot in here *fans self* ya gurl bout to bounce gotta go to church 2morrow n it's like 1am *smh* will prob stream b/c i'm tired 
Ladies night with some awesome ladies...minus my sasha 
dude my boy zach thorton lost his shut out!  chivas still up 2-1 vs dc united. he went almost 7 games without being scored on.
Haha scary movie is on mtv  but I can't watch it gotta wake up early tomorrow 
@ThaFuture703 lmfao ok jus stay where u r.. il be there in a min.. lol hate to see u go tho  have a goodnight boo
@radelaide hahaha nope *shakes head* you working tonight babe? i haven't seen you in so long  *big hug*
omg on my break its freaken busy tonite!!!!!!!! 
okay enough jason mewes. no matter how much I want it. its not gonna happen  omg drumsticks! yayay
i hurt my neck while doing the single ladies dance  rofl
no cool hand luke at hollywood forever.  but boxed wine, mean girls, and brownies are making for a fun night.
I either need to start going to bed earlier or gets some new curtains! Sleeping in daylight is rubbish  http://twitpic.com/5chk9
@watermelon_pear dallas wut r u talking about? U never tell me anything u and tj talk about! U always know everything! 
@raina_mae, @misslez hey, how come i wasn't invited to a buffet? 
the movie was great back now sorry guys not gonna upload the vid tomorow 
damn ... PC wins after re-counting .... open frauds like tht ... only shows they take ppl for a fool 
@ddlovato: dont cry demi! I would be exactly the same way. I dont think i would be able to handle it 
Just watched @paulkehler rock the crap out of sweeney todd. Now we're stuck in traffic. A terrible accident  6 car pile up.
crying about the 200 bucks i lost at hollywood casino!!! Yikes  hahahah o well, you win some you lose some ...right?
@briepuff hahah I love you but I don't know enough about WOW (and I always think it means world of wonder teddy ruxpin) to commit, sorry 
@taniagilchrist  ooh I wish, dont like my chances though 
@kdn YES! but i'm prob not gonna bump into him na. dang, that guy does not know the meaning of chivalry. 
dude wtf why wont my email open? i wanna check my economy grade 
@KittyLovedPain my phone is being a dick and wont let me text you  good luck revising! hopefully talk in a bit...
@missy_gee broke my wand!!! 
4 d airhostesses its all abt me &quot;in a v diff way&quot;.. incidently 4 me also its all abt me... i knw v match but more lyk d rails of a track! 
@heartsoullove my skype is going crazy. i cant reply 
dfc peeps, help me...someone tweeted a photo of dave at the manila show &amp; he had the mic stand across his shoulders. now i can't find it! 
I'm pretty bummed my footy team lost by shitloads  fuckin carlton *evils*
@djscuba ahhhh ... tut tut ! Not to worry - it's still worth watching ! Not as much totty this year tho 
i got to play mario kart 64 today and an n64 bowling game...hahaha.  then went to a party to find someone with no luck 
omg fatty called from so far away! heh heh. faster come back i miss you fatty!  - http://tweet.sg
Lol i fell asleep in the middle of monsters vs aliens  but its all good cuz im watching 7th heaven XD
My ickle neice is in hospital, I pray to god that she's ok  off to workies soon hope were allowed costa today!
@DavidArchie hmmm sad i didn't watched your concert  but your soooo handsome.,!., thernks 4 coming here in the philippines!.,
i'm gonna bum mymaths today (so nearly wrote myspace there) but i had to uninstall beautiful firefox cos it was breaking my laptop 
@tommcfly ha ha , how it must feel to be so popular , I have nil point followers , it feels kinda sad  ha ha
@Decinces I wish I could take ur heartache away 
(via @amy__xx) @tommcfly I sound a cross between an 80 year old who's smoked 40 fags all her life and mr squeeky from toy story 2  htt ...
@Qilly @nyramohamad @elinahafizah @SyamMasri @zuratulzulkifli @NajiahYahya pretty &amp; popular people only. tsk tsk  syam, ex gf mu ah!
@BlazinSquad i didnt know it was just the 5 of you for reunion  what happen to the rest? where's stuart??
lmfao ik! i try i try and i hardly ever make sense 
@valcano oh boo im sorry  my mom thought i was trying to convert her religion due to a cursive song on one of my mixes for her :x
too much thing to fix on sneakers.com.ua. damn, why photoshop not installed here? 
home. deeply gutted. damnit FailMedia, i'm tired and i just want to watch football! eff you! 
hmmm....bored.   weather is shite and nowt on telly...what can i do?
@nickyt85 ohohh nicole! u are so good arent you... im starting mine tomorrow, perhaps il aim for 700 words... stupid assignment  wah!
dang we're having visitors over in half an hour... dangit, now i have to get up 
@SARGE_PAULNE oooh  get it- another loopy! can't we have one week where poor donnie doesn't get barmy ppl claimin to b hs bitch 
i woke up with extreme side pains again  gah wtf i just want to sleep i hate these pains im having!!! fml fml fml
naaawww she ladygaga isnt a very goood danser on rove  i feel sorry for her
if you cant see my guitar is breaking   look at the glue streching!  it wont stay in tune and now i cant play... http://tinyurl.com/oep4mf
eugh my chest is fucked....need di give up the fags 
studying about geography ... and its soo hard 
depressed cos i met billie joe, he hugged me, he kissed me on the cheek......then i woke up 
@markhoppus what's wrong with ur twitterberry? mine loads too slow  hate it...
but my little loom, some of my girls toys i was saving, etc, took alot of damage 
Actually, have just realised i'm fleeing to do latin- my sanity is buggered anyways 
@sevinnyne6126 yes i know lindsay well said  hope ur friends support u hun  hope ur doing well too. ur truly  beautiful inside and out xxx
just blocked someone with a profile pic supposedly britney spears with a d*ck in her mouth...not cool 
@sc_mu having a bath +cigarette.dunno 'bout the Dgardens ur sis told me.seems she didn't get wot I look 4.have u resolve my game problem? 
shld start on her scholarship esssay soooon. but lazy &amp; tired! 
why can't they sell mountain dew in ireland?  god im craving for a can of it. damn
Just gettin in had a nice nite with tha hubby,about to get sum R&amp;R(rest&amp;relaxation) in b4 2morrow sneaks up on me  y cant weekns b longer!
woke up late i feel so bad i think i let my good ole' friend down but she not picking up her fone so iono if she sleep or if shes there 
@jenyourfantasy wat is ur name on tht ustream thing and damn dude those brownies made me sick 
@WHOAdreamBIGG im so mad that your kittah sleeps with you and mine won't sleep with meeee 
just had a dream that made me sad  ...looking at puppies in raynham with mommy &amp; clam. half jack russell/half yorkie. gotta be cute!
@DjSmooth918 I heard seeing it in imax is whack.  that's what I heard, don't shoot the messenger though!!!
@dj2ndnature yea man...things are getting expensive too 
@chris_dangerous yeah :p but I didn't get in  at least they came out thoo lol. Byee I gotta sleep now or I won't get up for schoolies lol
@repeattofade85 same hre I cnt pull off wearing purple clothestho  I do luv it!was told it's a sign of bn depressed if u lk purple tho 
rained out   ehh crappy weather in jersey, i should have known
@sophieholly of course not hayley is a ledge. aha. im doing r.e revision done 14 pages on one module and ive got more to doo  xx
@dbdc  ha ha brilliant gr8 footballer such a shame he got so lost   tis a good one for young footballers to learn from!
Goodmorning..sleepy as hell want 2 go back 2 bed but mr devon won't go back 2 sleep..hubby left to fix the   and I'm dying 2 get a hai ...
25mins then gotta get ready4 dumb worrk...shud b illegal 2 work a borin sunday nyte 
says the prayer meeting ended but it seem that nobody here is online...  http://plurk.com/p/ud2dy
hates Everytime he go away again and again..Could u please stay any longer..  http://plurk.com/p/ud2mi
it is litterally making me sick, i keep that shit in my bedroom yea drew, please dont lick her navel in front of me 
just got up, got to sleep in..woohoo always love it!! sorry for michael's family, whatever happen! 
bro is home. demoted to the pc. byebye macbook. see you soon.  hahaha
@seventhc hey sorry man, im at home on dialup with a fancy desktop now. this sucks. 
Even though I feel horrible for ruining my mami's bday I'm really happy they're coming up to take care of me, makes me feel a lil better 
@doncarey sux cuz when i last saw you i wuz like.. eh, ill see him again so ill tell him &quot;good luck &amp; have fun&quot; later. but  so good luck!!
packing packing packing... eff this i had to skip graduation  - packing packing packing... eff this i had ... http://bit.ly/HdtL7
i  bought rehab &amp; I by mary magdalan, slow ride by adam &amp; alison on ai (guilty pleasure give me pain!), tatu, then no more gift card 
@m0php @alittlebit good cos as i said before, I didn't fancy drinking water 
@jaredhoogerhyde  so whack, oh well ill be out there after school tomorrow. I've gotta shoot pictures for kassidys dad first though hahah
@PreetiSodhi you are one clown i tell you. come on ur lappy and download tweetdeck! its so coool!  ps: i miss hearing your voice 
wonders if she will be able to cheer her wifey up?  http://plurk.com/p/ue7do
london tmr... bb hurt his back  wish i can be in hk now....
@leonkay lol sadly i dont think theres a exam in that  closest i can get for you is...history, cold war,ww1 and ww2 :p
Pissed my wknd didnt turn out right 
@cheryl_ann_cole hope your having fun! stupid exams stopped me from going 
The rub is that i can't touch any of the felt sculpture @ the cooper-hewitt. 
realy upset daniel broke up with me last nite and i cant figure out why,  watching movies
@alk32 gna try an watch it 2nte have not seen it yet 
@gfalcone601 Did you wrote this last tweet wrong? 'Got 2finish toms washing 4brazil'! Doesnt make sense to me 
@EmoGirlRawR I need 2 ask em if they will help us wivv our band  but i cant get thru afta 120 times of callin bbc radio
@yoha_ahoy ahh so you need someone to print and ship your prints. i don't know anywhere for that  but why dont you get them printed...
@MissKatiePrice I miss pete too  You 4 are an brill couple and still should be, harvey, princess and junior are so cute, stay 4 them pete!
@beckinelson yer somehow i think i will be a wembley not knowing i have tried my best  my last is the 3rd.
@cnn @THe_RuGGeD_MaN but im not tired  are u ordering me 2 bed we aint even met yet wow relax just jokin wit u
http://vvcap.net/db/fcPTcxM4PHoRyJjrZYnI.htp shit happens 
@RiskyBusinessMB ughh my mom didnt get me ticketss  shouldnt yuh be in south america withh jb?
@THe_RuGGeD_MaN lol u wish u be seein somethin but all u be seein is my sexi green eyes sorry and why u dissapear from my yahoo 
wow just another boring day but now i have to babysit 6 kids..... this is guna suck.. and conner still has barily texted me 
i love rihanna, i hate chris brown, what a dick, has anyone seen her face it looks like really diff she had to have it re-done ? 
@heartnsolex3 lol dito &quot;omg  its me doing it&quot; ur sooo cuteee.. idun even no all the girls who are in bad anymoreee its a mess
Lovely day outside and I'm stuck inside burnin shit for my sis on the comp  lol
@suehuskins i googled but cant find it... we live on vermont in west asheville so i would love to find... i hate when i miss good stuff 
@paul_steele it is knackering - lucky that they allow me to work from home twice a wk which makes it easier  but done it 5 yrs now 
ahhhhh mamas still sleeping thank god i have my iphone to tweet to you all from under the covered cage 
bella my bella i miss my doggie  cant wait to get home to play with my munchkin
@jasdeep thats why! i know formal punjabi only. in the beginning i could only read n not speak, the fruits of living in a city 
yah it would be brighter now wouldnt it goshhh, welll its all over for another year now  good buy windsor horse show x
watching lil bill! i am very sickk. 
i am guna miss him tho  damn no more chilln n etv and snappin pics n class. oh da memories
@dayummvickx3 i want to c star trek :/ im doin the grammar journal 
@rae_gibs oh no! i'm a gen/specialist i didn't make it either but i found ways to make ends meet still. sorry you didn't make it 
tired  but i cant miss lost.... coffeeeeeeeeeee!  xo
@lilyroseallen http://twitpic.com/5delu - thats nasty  but they have to eat something!
@michelle_j70 im mite get up early i think, gona get up early 2moro aswell n revise all day   its about a 25 min walk from here..
@iamspectacular current mode : aggy .. cuz allergies are a muthafuckaa 
sucks.. gotta work today   here's some pictures from my latest update! who doesn't like a itty bitty bikini? http://tinyurl.com/qyz7tn
drag to carry on.deaf.mute.blind.pretender.im not.wish i am.happier person i'll be.ignorant is a bliss  - http://tweet.sg
celtics lost  but my boy cena beat the big show!!!!!!!!!!
@pirateking1974 you are such a sweetie!!!! but its ok, fin the frugal has the $$ for me to borrow, just not happy about unexpected costs 
@tineeyy lol so well that im losing my mind! smh 
@theTENDERONI can you forward the applestore pics to me, i ddnt get them  cmanisouk@yahoo.com. surry and thanx. whenver you have zetime.
i experienced another earthquake, scary. cuz i m by myself. cheung went to vegas n left me home alone. 
Ladies, gentlemen (where'd they go?)I have to go get ready for bed  I'm having 2 much fun, ty sweet dreams when sleep comes ur way 2nite
i think sumbody got in my twitter shit...an had a random status..wow..anyways im sad tha C's lost  but all hail to the king an go nuggets
@rana__xx im siccckkk  sooo gay! and thats why i sounded like a man and was so tired on saturday ha
dear diare.... my monday is pretty hectic, so..shoo..shoo...away you go!! 
 tell jenny I said wutitdew.gov
@DavidArchie ahaha. lol. did you really go to manila temple? reply please. 
@tpleeza  my batt died. I didn't even realize cuz I turned the sound on the phone off earlier so I didn't hear it beep
ohhh i'm bummed. the cd isn't out yet  soooo sex &amp; the city and food instead!
@cnn awww  rest in peace
@SoccermomKari - nah sorry I don't watch tv I own 1 but yea either at wrk, wrkn out, studyn, school or on my phone  but I want to learn...
@lazy_vLF haha ok kewl I am just chillen @ my house fucking bored mayne it sucks 
@jeff_tovar argh! i called proof but they didnt answer...its either there or deathface! 31% batt left &amp; i don't have $80 for a new one 
@Sapnene I dont have an acct there &amp; it loads slow. @reszzpati Yes.  *feels guilty* I just really wanna see his tummy... *bats eyelashes*
not so happy camper anymore.. i think i ate some bad chinese 
the ocean has so many moods. right now it is a little upset and angry. maybe cause i have to leave to go back to sydney 
@mileycyrus i've been a fan of urs for 3years i no pretty everything bout ur music N acting stuf i never bought any cuz i live in morocco 
@GOODENess357 take yo ass to bed lol I'm home safely bout to lay it down gotta be up in less than 4 hrs  yo fault lol
ps no fan fave this year?  though jt would've won that too... meh
so i have no cable til' friday. directv coming my way. but meanwhile fuckin' caveman life. ughhh! my dvr was my everything. 
@wickyfox  it's not my style, sth can be done easily and all the works will be perfect if they r not so stupid...
@digital_girl awwwww it will b ok. I kno I can't hav dairy rite now  sucks cus I love cheese soooo much
@samevansisalady and just caught up on your life miss! ryan has pneumonia? no bueno  hope he's doing okay!
@Katrinonus sry your having a shity early morning 
wow wat a beautiful film, made me cry  its called 'the kite runner' pls watch it, tis gr8
I have the appartment to myself now that jo is gone. I feel kinda blue... 
@gemma_kiely what's so awesome about primary? I had a free coffee fr there once &amp; it was kinda crap. I am leaving uni NOW. 
@dannykurily agreed. i told pete you should do it again, with bew cd's and minus metro, but idk if he read my tweet.  i miss you guys!!
goodbye zac braff on scrubs 
@forourhero everyones stealling my popcorn sad  #forourhero#forourhero btw jay i love holiday parades new album (:
i'm fucking scare right noooow. alex gaskarth has a panic attack 
i chucked the dom ontop of the girls lockers cos it smelt gross and veronica went off at me  cos she couldnt reach it, ahahah
:-O i cant even get ma ebooks!!! first bebo and now this  college truley is the workst :-| hopefully get this job an then im outta here 
@graphicidentity hehe u better take gd care of urself sis! hehe n me too.. we grafixdsgr nvr get enuf sleep 
watching one tree hill (love) as u may know norway won the eurovision and i loved the song. sweden did get 33 points 
@so_ethnic101 : blackberry cool abis, cuma game-nya dikit 
@Salteh more like prod-a-kitty tbh 
@scrii thank you ;3; &lt;3 @ryohakkai it's rly simple canto but idk if I'm pronouncing it properly  you know how it's diff when u sing/read?
bought his first pair of non k-swiss walking shoes since 5th grade... apparently k-swiss isn't cool anymore? 
craving a bubbble bath with pink champagne! dont think we have any champs tho! 
@BarrySouthgate dang its in newcastle bit far  im more in syd mayb next time
back home and back to work tomorrow  had a gr8 weekend though....love u lots kyle xx thanx for all my treats xxxx and my new &quot;man friend&quot;
off to get a wee jag ... then back to greusome studying  and watching saw films today thank god im going to bois getting peace and quiet
100 updates of pure crap!!! hahahahaha. hmm. bring on the wallabies. now. and more games in perth 
that birthday sex sng is the shiznit i gotta do smething about dis lng dis relationship damn home alone 
bored bored bored mums now talking about hell and urns and about things i feel like im going to throw up 
here at my brother's house... aw gawd archie left manila already ( i miss him 
im going to the orthodentist soon to get my braces tightened  i think hes gonna try pull forward my one tooth which is outta place
@fikabayasut he doesn't even neither kayaknya fik. idk i can't read his mind  i need a psychic
@benlow omg bro that sucks so bad  how now? money all gone?
is wondering why i keep watching creepy things on the internet when i know i'm not gonna be able to sleep 
Hot guy on the train, please dont judge me by this haircut 
my surgical procedures a while ago are exploratory laparotomy and mesh hernia. and im the scrub nurse! hell yeah! but i feel so restless 
@hmtangx I am now!!! Lol but watched 10 mins of himym alredy  omgsh gnna be so hard to resist watching gg finale tmrw!
@Sarahdouey haha I know coz then everyone starts looking at you and you feel paranoid! I dont think they will sounds like imp meeting 
ew  lacking disk space. fuck off out my life yes. 
@full_half yeah I do of course..btw we won't get to watch matches unless on friday, sat or sun  ..saw lakers game on an online stream..
dang.. its $30 to attend the forensic science seminar at UTS  hmmmmm.
wonders if its enuf...  http://plurk.com/p/uj1t4
@nickie72  good luck  with that love, ive gotta take my laptop to pc world for a check 
@simon_g83 Nothing worse than goin back to work after a holiday, I feel ur pain  xxx
@agnessaulina i don't even know your bb pin!  add meeee
gotta get off ze net and study  yes i know. tragic. favourite song atm is east jesus nowhere and horseshoes and handgrenades by green day
rock band 2 on the wii delayed til june 26th. this is my sad face: 
@tink1981 I think im always disapointed with books turned into films though    let me know when you want to meet up hun xx
just found out the foxtel people are takng away disney chanel and giving us nikelodeon... yuk!! no more hannah montana 
@xbllygbsn a know! ;). i'll have youknowwhat though :'( just for that weekend..crap timing :@  fs lol ;). i jus got charged for ma phone
in case you didn't know it, the taco bell in san luis obsipo is absolutely awful and has caused me to not be able to sleep tonight 
cant understand why they cant reactivate my lost but immediately found oyster card!! 
awwwww my god im a mess right now. I haven't been sick for ages  now I am and it sucks
watchin this mornin  thts how sad me life has become
@weelissa  Wish I could give you one (ooh err missus, thats what she said) but they make you return them to get a refund.  No resale!  
devastated that sarah connor chronicles cancelled  trying to cheer self up by looking at: http://xkcd.com/585 (panel 11 particularly)
had a mad weekend still recovering!!! nt lookin 4ward 2 wrk 2moz 
@el_mich shame we'll have to give them to someone who has a coffee grinder 
My b'day soon big 30 so crazy, super excited just wish someone els could do all the cleaning and organizing....  
@iheartrachael haha finally hah ii no but in breaking dawn youll love him  short stack wont fucking write back so now i hate them 
going back to cardiff tomorrow. does anyone actually go to hammertime anymore?! ha ha. i miss my mummmyyyyy  500 words to go.
drftyulktdr my friend is on a tv ad for anxiety/depression and i watched it and started crying lmao 
gotta trust some dude to poke cameras in my knee tomorrow...sort me out please my friend!! i wanna kick a ball again 
offf to schoooll 
uhm, i'm doing my math homework. no fun    and i'm totally blanking on how to write in vertex form. heh heh heh.
@MissKatiePrice awk, you and peter are so good together  love hannah xoxo
Lol heavy duty and a lil doggy like chupes destroyed it 
THIS is dire. seriously. sometimes i hate being off on &quot;study leave&quot; cos ye cannae dae anything.  going on msn, see if anyone's on... x
@JonasAustralia have u been voting for paranoid cos it has moved down 2 spots tonight 
@carli_chick Lol like that one cheers 4 dm just seein if it worked battery now flat 
@theMANzo guess that was the smell of defeat! Bruins and celts done! At least we got got the sox! D'oh...they lost too! 
is at six form!!!  for the whole of 1hr30 mins!! Not goood!
@novelle360 I mean-it's permanent in hair that gets hit w/dye. Roots grow after you've dyed. I'm sure U know ths &amp; I sound lk an asshole 
@showmyface  count me in for the mondays 
fk me! this is painful, dont mean to bitch, but this colleague, is so unorganised &amp; doesnt seem 2 av a clue how 2 deal with the patients 
@EmmaDempsey93 playing mode now. i'm getting ready for exam @ june 8. uhh ohh 
@BrodyJenner totally annoying!! and you also just don't want to get up at all!! cos you were expecting a lie in!!!   
@kaythetemptress nuthing but nastiness and sinning down in miami anyway, I don't need to be down there  lol
@fludwatches yea wiilib beer garden was dope. gotta try astoria one too! i just sent homegirl off to airport  my room looks mad empty
nguk nguk mukiiiii~ I can't study tho the paper's in front of me 
carbo loading, watching supernatural, staying up for skins. skate comp tomoz but probs gonna have to pass. 
just ate my cereal, off to school in a min  wish brandon was here
:O final episode of boston legal, ever? no! 
*cries* could someone punch the person that runs the eminem contest to hurry up a bit the show is tommorrow 
@tukicarter think I can handle that a lil better . I was like ouchh  lol
@SHADWELL1970 nit a god look...would that b moobs or y fronts...lol  I'm off to play golf mayb just 9 holes after work on my tod 
@KimmiMcFly this i was like thats the idea of a cover lol pfft its raining  xx
gona watch the new jonas later, have history to do now tho 
noo its hella nasty outside  i thought i was gon hit up the beach 2day but i guess not florida weather sux 2 the extreme... smdh but if
omg thought i had dance prac today, went home got dressed, then found out it was canceled. abit shattered i could've went out wif friends 
fuck, dis months cell phone bill ain't no joke 
i have a headache  and i have youth 2nite, ohh nooo i dont want to be down in the dumps 4 youth =[
Thinks it's gunna be a great day, but will miss my mcfly wembley 2008 dvd as i'm lending it to freya 
@davidjdalton ahh dont start me on sales ppl.. And pet stores are a sad place 
btw i totally miss having my blackberry or might i say crackberry... my mums teaching me a lesson for losing it no new one for me 
slumber party minus paul and megan cuz theyre leaving 
Man I'm a lil upset, no kole...  well I didn't see her
@theroser rub it in jason rub it in 
@Smoothmuscle ahh steph i never got to eat it off.  put it back down there
gosh hv 2 get up early -- hv a netball game @11.15am omg thats really early got my glasses  ii feel lyk some mac and cheese! (random iKnw)
@Lottexoxo ooh yeh had mine since '07!changed 2a sidekick 4 a while which was sooo crap jus wasnt the same  send me yr pin &amp; I'll add yax
@saint_l0uis @saint_l0uis ...looks like im fucked a lot of classes are already closed 
bummed cuz my best friend moved to san diego and the guy who was getting us drake tickets flaked so bff far away and no drake tomorrow 
still pisd off adam lambert dint win  hes soo hot ( whispers)
@ILuvMyiPhone88 no it's fine i dont live there anymore but i only moved 3 minutes away  EKKKKKKKh hehe
shit, i think i got an od lady dress 
Something about a mem foam matt &amp; dwn comfortor @ 1am when ur 1/2 cut that brings a tear to ur eye. O, &amp; wish I had 20 grand for auction 
@RupertHill hi rupert, u ok??wish it was sunny here in hull its pouring with rain  xxx
Wow I'm not tired at all but I knw I'll pay 4 it in the morning!  I tried pullin out some demon bamboo things outside but it dint wrk out
@twilight_x3 lmao. it wont hun. ;] i felt like that too. lmaoo. that fireman was hot, so sad he died. 
Morning, were at mum's waiting to go docs at 10:30am to get poor william's eye looked at  how's everyones morning going?
pitched for a column and came to know from the person concerned there :the one im pitching is already covered in that column..sigh dumb 
@pawl03 crap, hit enter xD as i was saying:ill celebrate on thurs hopefully,no one can make it to my bbq 
mommy made the flight with mesa and idk i just have a feeling either going to or being in oahu  and i really dont like it.
hmmm would rather be sunbathing than stuck in here! 
the side effects of duke of ed, bahaha, damn stupid god dang flu 
@Pepsimo mornin! not back to bed  killer nephew jst turned up an decided hes stayin here all day to play wi wee ging. tears are imminent
1st bad: thought we'd checked in but hadnt. seats gone. not together. thk god its not my fault. ppl upset. 
@samantharonson play in indonesia, like pleaaasssseeeeeeeee 
@yaztheblack Sometimes I like to break out the old yo-yo and rock out revolution-style. Too many newfangled electronic doohickeys around 
i need to goo  clea the house cuz the guy for my computer is coming x
@kingsean cool u live in cornwall me2 and i will be missing run to the sun this yr2... 
@imtalia school is... idk, school. heaps of h/w though  hav u got ur yearlys coming up? xox
@Xclusivity i love wet willies 1 of my fav places down south beach....im jealous now 
my gay msn wont sign in  silly thing
@xoxojoannamarie eeek sry I'm late bg...but happy brithday baby! I tried 2 send myself 2 u but it didn't wrk 
If someone says they'd never change their phone number unless they fell outta luv wit ui would that hurt u?  I didn't think it'd hurt me 
RUINING but in turn running....haha. on another note, where is my looooove. i cant find it. 
@sedser ha ha i overslept for my last ever two lessons 
@jamie_oliver http://twitpic.com/5onb3 - It's a shame these things always happen while I'm at work 
@stevenleedawson awww  poor wee you ..  just think of the amazing paula brown and you will be hap hap happy 
how amazing does katy perry look in the waking up in vegas video! i'm sooo tired 
@taylorswift13 please come back to australia taylor!!! i missed going to sydney concert as i was sick with bronchitis 
i was just listening to music on tv, and kinda enjoying the tune, i look at the tv, and its miley cyrus. my ears need disinfecting 
watching scene queens on youtube. god they are so gorgeous! lucky them  lol
@xbllygbsn boys are so...hard to shop for  lol :$. ooo ;). umm, idk, panini or something, not sure! might nip to somerfield to get
@mfubib i hang my head in shame.  i was right clicking everything, dragging it out the window, never thought about edit&gt;delete or del key 
I am so beat! I over slept and couldnt find my other shoe 
@wings2011 meant i am all sweaty. sure that few drinks will get that piggy cold out ya system why am i dead? don't wanna be dead  haha xx
this dumb phone jus woke me up cuz somebody wants to dial the wrong num 6 sumthin in the morning  o well back to sleep i go
Has just gone and said something tht came out wrong woops 
@porky_xO ms handly maybe? when was that anyway? 
@DavidLoxley u smell of pee!!!!! I can't have a bath or shower yet cuz mummy said she is cleaning them i feel dirty!!! me no likey  miss u
@am13er that's sad  casey was sayin the same thing. I didn't notice til you guys said it
@tardigrada its really good on co-op its a shame @jonfire doesn't have xbox live.. 
Off school again ;D &amp;+ Mwaahh ha ha haaa, on my brothers lappy...crap...they're home now  bummer people, absolute bummer. x
@lohigh420 maryjane and i are thinking of you honey!  dont worry a three dayer is headed your way and then its on like donkey kong!
@greekpeace sry sweetie  you need anything? Always here for u
They gave me 2 drips and a shoot in my a$$ &amp; I stell have a freakin headch but the tommy pain is gone, thank god now I can dreank watter  
@bexxaaaaamate can i haz a shot 
Is starting her designs forthe competition for a new KOL t-shirt, knowing my luck the closing dat as already gone 
@taylorswift13 will you ever be coming to liverpool? or london again? I coudn't get tickets to see you  - please. god bless. - from twins!
@paulplatinum1 omgggg my favorite live is leaving meeee todayyy  damn I'm so goin to go thru with drawl
kinda sad I'm not in the city for fob rn 
So glad its friday but hates that I won't be seeing my bestie everyday anymore 
omg my back killllllllls :'( off to school ina min aswell 
in florida doing lots of nothin'...while there's tons to be done back home 
@kiki_bee anything new? 
@deversum hazy! hii.. heh dont finish that word.. my brain isnt working yet, my 'be funny' switch is still off  cnt thnk of comeback
@OfficialAS rofl  that isn't very good...maybe you can try pointing the mute button on the remote at him ;)
@JoannaSchaff Is that you throwing your hat into the ring to be a pi mod? cos we now need a new one 
hopper's battery is dead. damnit. rockets in the shop. il miss you rocket. 
@taylor_ainsley  she doesnt like them.  harpooned the fail whale.
ugh wow ok im rlly bored in this class i was hoping bio would be a bit more interesting  maybe i need my old grade 8 sci teacher back!
@clank75 sister wendy is now back in the cultural desert known as leeds 
@heathenshearth not much going on here.... gotta tackle this dirty house but I am reacting badly to lack of meds 
@TDLQ i seached theres no apple whatever u call it i can call and ask what the hell is wrong... i think im going to cry!! 
mandy loose  - watch tv and chill hang around with n laura
awake . . . tum tum not so good :/  but the busted nail must go and the color too, then i have work . . . SO MUCH TO DO not enuff tym 
blockin my ears and coverin  my eyes.......lalalala stop tweetin bout miami .....cant hear u lalalalaalala .....miss my 2nd home 
@tonightwedance just tut tut? hmm. i've got work at 4  you were so flirty with him when i was on the fone yesterday lol.
@mel_rocks pssh. sure u luv me...  look im gunna cry! haha tht sux 4 u! i havent left yet but i hav a half day!
@dancinqueenie not goin good, about to build table  jst trapped neighbours fingers under a slab i insisted on movin,we both need a doc now
@ZayTheDancer cuz I'm not tryna get poppd my man  @Basannya n addition 2 my sistas thng april is havn 1 2...we still need a club tho. lol
I would like to go and see my little angel (adrian) my new grandson  but i can't i dont want him to get sick...
@sweeetnspicy lol im good with my david cook icon...well im on my way to school 
everytime aku liat 'terminator salvation (trailer)' it remind me of tscc... 
wishes mr canon is beside me...miss taking photos  http://plurk.com/p/vi6tr
@sparky_habbo - uni &amp; assignments happened  goodnight mr sparkles
@lonely_snowy how abt u yesterday  what did your mother say huh ?
Gudmornin every1 damn it look nasty n miami man I live here &amp; I want it 2 be sunny nt raining  well I have fun sum type of way..gudmornin
@DavidArchie oh,btw, we already have swine flu here in the phils.   good thing youre no longer here. pls always stay safe &amp; healthy!
@samashleymazza hahah oh.. is that not normal?  my sister put her guinea pig dexter on a leash
@nickybyrneoffic hiya  nicky      i think  there  is rain  on  the  way   hope  ur well  XxXx
@sarahrolston wheres my french toast   see this is what happens when you work! I am going to quit !  ok sarah?
if i throw up 1 more time i hhave to go to the er fir iv fluids. i hate the er 
I am so pissed at myself. I stayed up till 2am playing sims without saving and killed off my single awesome dude by fixing the tv.  
rip mr. lewis 
Infact, the whole back area is a mess  http://twitpic.com/5p2zs
If U keep doin da same thing over&amp;over wit da same result, tryn 2 get a diff. result its insanity,but I'm this close 2 suckin my own dick 
My mum and dad r goin 2 c girls aloud tommorow in a private box at o2 and not takin me!! so unfair! 
oicu playing in colorado on my birthday, david cook. i live on the east coast. boooo. 
@dmcnul91 we rode with the windows down so it was loud as hell  then fam has consumed the wknd. you'll get a call soon enough!
just got owned and even sadder cause the cavs lost in ot with another king james shot at the buzzer 
@powerpuff_lover : yea its all with samna balady and fatty! and like it tastes diff? i made the same stuff home and tastes like crap here 
How come @selenagomez and @ddlovato arnt going on tour together? that makes me sad not seeing them together 
@eeerinyuuu i havent seen anyone in forever  except stephanie lmfao
My phone is broken  wtf thats like my life support which is kinda sad but wtf its broken and i bet verizon wont replace it 
@madeofhoney1 no  do u have the spongebob sheet?
bght my ticket 4 sunny louisiana! woot! was thinkin, y do ppl say unnecessary hurtful things? there is really no need, it's n poor taste 
Evrytim i enthuly plnnd to jog, smthg mst pop up. E pain is bck ppl. 
@babydoll20 LOL same, there's rarely anything I like at yum cha &gt;.&lt; Breaks my heart 
@mireiobelle um hmm...idk abt. my mom! but i think we r, hope so...damn i h8 it when i cough...hurts my throat!  
lmao.... my profile pic on here!? is it not showing up for everyone else?! 
@bill_archie gosh! is it true?! aww i feel so bad 
@jeremy89632 i'm getting ants on my desk and i have no idea whr they came frm or why. 
i miss working at custo barcelona....the free clothes the great people and the xtra money.....  
@todd_herman - Why'd you kick me out?  I am Canadian. Canadian girls and happy hour go kinda hand in hand. (So I've heard....)
gay marriage ban upheld.. n. korea missle fired... amongst other bad news 
@stephanyee i know hahahaha i dont want animals in my hair, not to offense laura, but in what other place? i really dont want to go there 
@azzmonkey thats hillarious but why couldnt i be the blonde  lmfaooooooo make me a login so i can post haaaa ill post some funny shit
I'm soo mad I can't get merried yet all thiss ppl that get merried whit there one nigth stands have all rigths why not us ! 
@LaurenConrad hey lauren! just watched ep 9 and the aftershow! you are just amazing! the hills won't be the same  ~pat, manila philippines
@jb4eva000 I'm a loser, i don't know what frienship bracelets look like o_0 no ones made me one before.  haha
@r_boogie well id love to..not sure the invite stands for me tho..considering the way the cookie has crumbled  looked like it was fun tho
sigh north korea 
@godisvoid  that is horrible. I was in an lgbta org for a few years, &amp; i cant believe the horrid arguments against gay marriage ive heard
internets not working at home...tried to sleep at liek 11:30 and then the light went out. 
@erica042790 i miss you boo..  come back to me.. okay. i am enjoying the whole sleeping thing though! ha ha.. love you baby!
@kevinrose old news kevin. btw want diggnation live in shreveport, la will provide shrimp. 
@skinnyblackgirl dwade was indeed a monster in college no doubt. future nba hall of famer. but you not wit the cavs? c'mon robin... 
@COPYWRITE sendin some love your way!! missin fam is never fun 
@beyondursole I knew you were a fake laker fan 
Hey @robluketic besos besos for everybody hehe  where are you ashtonn  (the set of Five Killers live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
@cristinesantos  I didn't think it would have 2 come 2 this... ur suppose 2 b on my side after all we been thru, jus block me
oh sh*t! boss is moving to a different team. i'm saddened really... such a good boss. 
@GabyHustleHard: aww that sucks  But yea I'm going 2 mimir im with my grandparents 2day so hay k apaga la luz and all them old traditions
sometimes you are yelling out for help but no one is listening cuz you are not yelling loud enuf 
ughh its hot the cricket is at it again and theres a dog barking amazing!!!! 
@jaaacckkkkk haha i was just laughing at what britt was saying to you and yeah it does suck. esp cause i prob wont go sleep till 11 
@kush_antidrug Damnit! i want my tragus re-done and my homie wants her vag, but we dont know the best place to go 
ok world goodnight forreal. @artistvspoet smile 
orlando lost  dwight i think you should just deck somebody in the face.
@liizngo oooh that sounds good. i miss everyone  and plus, i &lt;3 sushi! haha..are you going to arkansas?!!?
: i miss my main-squeeze (jonny) 
mann, my story is takin a while   but i like it!!!!!
bar hopping in brooklyn. sooo tired and my period hurts 
@meliiOh nice pic yooo i wana b ciara's friend but she aibt addin me 
@carmenoh i will miss him  is adam gone too?
hannah montana movie date sucks 
i really want to cry because i cant find adam lamberts hotel. i want to stalk this bitch out. i NEED him. 
happy the cavs won..but sad my girl got a headache tho 
@SEXYINDIA wats  up ma   sure wish you had a  show on tonight 
so bee did awesome in her talent show. gave me nightmarish flashbacks to elementary school tho. 
oops i messed up on last tag. oh well.  good night tweeples. i hafta get to work super early tom   my 1st trial prep -- scarrriesssss.
@besz you haven't tweeted emmy or emily in a while. she's sad  cries. grabs rocky road ice cream. emmy misses her besz ...
http://www.youtube.com/user/lustlucifer4  &lt;&lt; This guy was a prick on you tube.. fam do your thing!!   Meanies will not succeed!
waaah, forgot to turn off &quot;show interface&quot; is sl pics - so derrr  
@mekkeon thanks jerry I'm gaining some weight n that's no lie cuz I am wearing pants that I never wore in qute sometime 
@jamesbismylover i haven't asked but i dont want 2 have to take steph b/c then i dont get to go shopping  but i can get there. so u going?
@lorendarling remember maine &lt;33 I miss full band too. I was looking at pix from bogus journey in nc. I want that again  amazing show omg
@popscoyote that's very sweet of u! I'm fine...just don't have my puter back from the fix it guys...booooo    how r u doing 2nite?
@themonsta31 Of course! ;-) LOL.&gt; Showgirls is on [I like this movie]   I wish I could watch players club but ppl steal a lot 
(sick) im at home boed as hell cant sleep no ons home have no engery to do anything want to go to skool but cant 
I wanna go for a walk... But i really should eat something... But i feel like wayyy sicky  so i dunno if i can.
My ps3 keeps YLODing. Not a good sign 
My tummy hurts  again smh werk in the noonday ill holla
@ilovefeme scary LOL haha what up ma I never got my shirt 
says my left arm is kinda sore.. there is still a twitch whenever i raise it.  http://plurk.com/p/wx6na
sleepy!! a 20 min project took us 3 hrs... tias talk like crazy!! n i missed out on a fun nite!  nite all
aww  well, at least you got to go to her concert! buti want to meet her sooooooo bad  where did you find the info?
i wish i won the jimmy fallon dance challenge 
rip k swift the good die young all da time dats jus so sad 
@KapriStylesxxx can u share im hungry  ?lol.oh &amp; idk if u remember me i met u @cabana last sunday the light skin dude white suit pink tie
magic  ..should of played jj..
i think im hungry, hmm cant b botherd making dinner ah well 
@KatHernandez lol. i can do whateva i like. and i dont come home mayyyybe til xmas. 
Everyone pray fer meggies doggy misty...she had a stroke 
@overhope about an hour ago. he ripped bella apart thats all i no. and he got nick. he wouldnt let me go in the chat room.so i dont no 
vintage sewing machine in ben's basement http://twitpic.com/662gh must beg his mom to donate it to yours truly-but she's in europe  #F
@prettygurl312 i already watched obsessed omg best movie. ) thank god mom allowed me to watch.but cadillac records?nuh uh. 
just got back from the er...asprin and mri's in my future. I hope it was something other then what the dr's said  it may be.
 my mums trying to make me feel ebtter about stopping voting adn not winning shortstack. i almost cried.
 I hate when my bf beats da dogs. But I guess that the only way to teach these pitts.
@MyDailyRoutine yeahhh. &amp;dont judge my pillow 
@calvinharris stop talkin about food haha fill like sum nw  hha hows your day goin or starting
@o0hemmy lol hi emmy, latin would help me study for the aptitude tests to get into grad school ;\ thats why i wanna take it 
@IvanaE i love it to.. but i knw there gna cut stuff out on tv 
@AnnetteStatus I luv urs! admitting niley with a kiss (: but then they change their minds  haha &amp; demi/sterling (: not jemi but still cute
@sakshijuneja ok that's subtly saying i'm no longer a fave  temme 1 thing - did the firangs steal your vocab? ur eating words and how!
@hot30 guys why did paranoid drop out of the countdown?? thats so not fair  iv voted heaps for it!!!!!
@allysonalfonso yeahh, yeah its the hifi lol. grr dads being a pain, he said if i dont find anyone to go with i cant go :@ 
valium makes you feel goood. i need more. i can't fall back asleep. i want my mommy 
he just fully yelled @me saying dnt be so fcking stupid grow up! stop with this band shit then... throws the remote at me thnks love u2 
Off to get ready for toms..  gotta go make sure he's not done anything stupid  ill tweet later.
its taking foreverrr for @jess_0000 to get here  im bored..
cavs got lucky 2night  lol but lebron took over and killed em another triple double
not to be too macabre but its hard to believe we dropped a real nuclear weapon on real japanese humans.  http://ow.ly/9NRu #warisfucked
@Scarlettjen fuck. it should be recoverable. it's just the boot part that's messed up. grr argh. my business was on there.   
My bed had tha nerve 2 call my blackberry askin me where the hell I was.......looks like I gotta go ya'll  I'll c u in 3.5hours, after nap
@empemp: aiaahh.. poor u  tell ur mom already?
waaaaay over all tht bitchy ninth grade bullshit (: half yearly exams over &amp; im sickkk 
@x_Beckiie_x omg are you going to see it?! another reason to not live in devon none of the f***in cinemas have the film im so annoyed 
wonders when all of these end... hay...  http://plurk.com/p/wy9wi
AH! so nice to be back on bike commute although three days off and my (what google sez are called) my quadriceps literally screaming. gah 
jerk josh! didn't even come meet me  - im thinking of a number guess ?
@NikForsyth july 8th flight gets in, my mate here is on about goin hm early so am all 
nope no way in to stop  just have to put up wiv it
@FuschiaFoot i didn't hit the right button or what. i wrote on the sheat tho, that i thought it was the cafe currency button. im sorry 
goin to my aunts for the weekend. wont have my laptop blahh 
I miss my water cuz my well went dry 
@flippy10 deh, i wish the deal was up when i bought my macbook in december  but.. at least i got 100 bucks off! :]
is wondering what actually to do, when I have a week to do fuk all bar pack, most peeps r leavin too 
I may have to take a trip in to the loft to get the fans down...its like being in spain!! Except without a pool to cool down in  xxxxxxxx
well dnt really knw wot to do stay wit some 1 who doesnt want 2 b wiv me or move home to rents after 4yr of bein away 
had a shit contact with both parents &gt;.&gt;  grrr
@joeburkel Looks like they dialed it in a LOT...payed attention to all the small but important details in gameplay...still no blood tho 
 the columbus blue jackes may be movieing to anew city to play at  thats sad news
@sk8n_bree say hi to the otters! They are my favorite- besides the fact they are slowly killing themselves with each shell they open. 
WALES HERE I AM! 1st 2 weeks away in wales. but idk if the guys at school really like me... 
omg i was so nervous last block. i had my speech and i almost puked. it was horrible.... i bet i got a bad grade on it.... 
@CashCapone now cash u kno I'm not a hater.....jus upset I don't have my update yet 
Just dropped my sistah off @ lax.    #fb
@huma_rashid reeeaaaally... why though??  ew i hate stockings     
I feel like shit cause I couldnt sleep last night and went to sleep at 320 n bk up at 6  soooo tired!!!
i've not had a reply on my topic yet  lolz welll its not somethin you could reply too but yanno ;)
i'm under 100 followers again  gosh darn. good mood atm. might have a bbq later. heat waaaave &lt;3
@AnnieOleary its not a starfleet one  its not even a romulin one  its like the random one i dont remember ha. and you cant wear it! lame
eh...but I'll be picking cotton soon....need to suppliment my income  
@mrs_mcsupergirl ok, finished set u free, and i am sooooo mad rite now...it cant end like that, i dont want him to be the bad guy 
@2dimples2 I dunno man. How bout some wendy's?? mmmmmm we dont gots that in H-town 
@markfriend I asked mum bout going out tommorow, she laughed in my face lmao 
@courtney_mejer I couldn't remember what all the different cords meant. I lost half of them leaving the graduation anyway. 
@hyper_baffoon ooh if youre on the computer making your playlist come online pls, im bored now that ive blocked everyone again 
dis damn usb charger is good for nothin. gotta find that verizon store. my fone been dead since last nite 
Why doesnt joe sing in anything  no affence nick but ur stealing the spotlight with guitar and singing !
the weather is tooo hottt mayn i cnt take it, n i styl aint got ride of my flu  n i want ma baby bk
@charlieskies your vid wont play  x
@bkmacdaddy Not doing single ones 2day...beat  lol but would say ...ur as creative bright and fun as ur avatar with warmth+ depth #ff
skype call with billie but my webcam dont work 
@iamdiddy including myself... guess umma be partying alone yet again...lol.. 
I'm a lil sad looks like nomore brooklyn 4 a while WTF @lailashah 
@hypernyck if i can get a ticket, but the pickings are lookin slim soo prob not 
@bernadinee thank for ur gnite and... *thank* for ur photo of sims 3... heart broken here 
@CaroTheNyx aww im sorry im home now hope your ok  i love ya wifey &lt;3 xx
why bother @ing at celebs? eh? cause it's almost like talking to them 
addin to that last comment, was spose to be going to see the jonas brothers 3D movie, but guess what i couldnt go aswell cos im sick 
jus sittin in da libray and this stupid computer wont let me order any mac foundation 
omg seated for seth lakeman but way too far back for my liking  x
@AshDaPrincess chill its da rihanna bob. If it was 16 in I'd have no problem!!! Lol. R u at school all summer 
melissa_leah: my car wont start....... 
can sum1 tells me how 2 vote 4 miley? it seems sum peeple r still voting i went 2 mtv.com nd it seems i cant vote 
@spencerpratt hey u havent spoken to ur london bff for a while Whats up! wish i can vote  brody's here soon ill tell him 2 vote 4u from me
I didn't make madrigals  I don't think i made womens chamber. i don't even think i remembered to mark it on my audition form. im depressed
@Jameage awww  omg garbo fake playing during one of the songs!!! haha
@STHLMBEAT yeah, I just realise the organiser dun let performing artist/djs drink on stage  tight malaysian laws n rules here
@pinkbunny69 aww hope uve hada good day  xxxxx
working till 5....why are they playing miley cyrus on the company radio and not adele? 
sooooooo NOT happy, wattching disney channel....rubbish rubbish rubbishhhhhh, didnt get my jonas 3d poster  the dude wasnt there but im..
not going out with them. there is another fatty i like and hopefully ill see him in when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me. 
Why do so many ppl on 12 mile have ashy elbows??? 
not going out with them! there is another guy i like and hopefully ill see fatty when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me. 
The little wormy from labyrinth sadly passed away today but its ok as hes still around in a happy ghost form aww  http://twitpic.com/67aim
in santa clara a long way from hoe, well not that far. it sure seems like it. 
after mad calls..txt..fb msgs my homie finally calls me back I was so worried..I think I care far 2 much..but if anything happened 2 them 
gosh today sucks! i didnt get my tax returns! im so upset cuz now i have to miss my best friends wedding in washington...lame 
@Noufah aaaah I swear I took it by mistake  it was somehow attached with the charger -_- apparently it needed break from U huh!
I'm german i think i should be able to go to germany for free whenever i want...plz 
fell down while holdin kales hand today...I hurt my foot &amp; he bruised his forehead  im such a klutz!
@tommcfly you didn't come to see the hosts at hilton mr. thomas. we spent lots of money for nothing. that's boring 
hollie steel  bless her. but go dreambears &lt;33333 hahahahaha
yay im out but i have 2 ride home  have 2 take tha yellow limo..super gay
This is how much hair falls off everytime I shower. It's more sad than disgusting  http://yfrog.com/6p190aj
@jessmitch fml...i have a good idea. we steal phil back and give my dumbass cousin those cats. jk. i'd feel bad 
so many things to think about when preparing for a marathon.  aye dios.
hypervenilating cuz i just watched keith urban's new video!!!   trying to calm down and im realizing how far away august 13 is!!!!  
gotta buy the second season of  ghost whisperer now, but noo moneyy 
my cat just fell off my bed lmfao, bless her. she got a fright  xx
@brianna_love aw i'm not goanna get to see you tonight   cos i have to leave tot's early to go to missy's bday party. pullin a double haha
@ericmaglio1 i have no phone  whatchu doing tonight sucka. no dane cook she sold the tickets. lamee.
@AndreaaaB ooops! the last link is the same as the first! sry my mistake 
@man_wi_no_name nope!  the printer in the library didn't work, ill have to pass it in monday
I had my galaxy..and god it was good!!  Where has everyone gone..twitters gone a bit quiet  xxxxx
thinks his haircut isnt as bad as it looked yesterday.....  - still bad tho!
@ChrisGBaillie aaaawwww wont yr brother blip things for you  LOL
@janae24 lol! y does ur tweet sound like ur voice yelling at me  lol!
@BTV_SUPRNATURAL  ok thanx very much u can send me the answer by private mail if u like but would be sooo cool wish i was in birmingham 
@lilxcutiesworld I guess @anilam18 cant request  the same song though 
@tinacarlino no go on the bro down tonight for brett 
@Pisces_1988 cool i wish i could av gone 2 da 1 he did where i live but i couldnt 
@_finn_ Except I dropped him on my break and now he's got a ding in his side.  At least it wasn't the screen.
Finally got my lil monster off my hands so I could run errands and now I gotta do them in the rain!!! 
owww, back pain  hm, walmart or no? i could get cupcakes~
Just found a tink cover for a wii remote but the people i know dont have a wii  fail
Just when I thought albany couldn't any worse my ao's leave me 
im a pro at bbqing like. everyone loved my food, apart from the tesco man who said he was in a rush  mabye he didnt wanna be poisoned? idk
@alex_lpz yeah text me!!! i wnat to go!!!!! but my car is broken!! 
@Skittles3640 No prob, skittles we always gonna have yall's backs. The true sweeties dont play.. LOL But yea we just got heated. We sry 
After hearing susan boyle sing she came off as the most beautiful person i'd ever seen. i feel bad for my first impression though 
Is really sad that shes missing critical mass 
omg, did anyone see the wee girl on bgt..!xx sucha shame 
rught brb on me ipod. if i randomly go off its cos me internet breaks 
am so bord and wishes she had an ipod touch 
@devidev im stuck 2  this when my la love turns in2 road rage lol
Is sad clint hurdle got released. I liked him 
@LeeGazeprophets white pointy shoes haha, and ah you got me excited about the enw drummer  youre mean!
hey Tweeties, my auntie jus got n a bad car accident...pls keep her yall prayers  ...thanx
@KhloeKardashian too bad we can catch it here in brazil  but good luck with your show! you're amazing!
had 2 leave the mrs @sweetbullshit cuz i have to go 2 work  really didn't want to. 
@GreenJeanine FAILlllllllll  whenever ur freee then?
@tracecyrus plz dont fall in love with tokyo and never come home 
@RaeBoz I do! But I have to go to a dang wedding in madison 
@SASSS09 hahaha.. sadly this one's supposed to be done individually.. so no chance of social loafing lol 
@hopeless_hearts hey,got your text. cannae hen, family are comin over  i've got nae money to come to livi anyway  xxxx
#followfriday @T_1001 cuz ive never been added to anyone's followfriday either  &amp; cuz he's got a cool picture
@trent_reznor...are you really not touring anymore????  my brother told me. I'll miss ur concerts!!
@ericajo42 @saynerd01 oh look! it's our new house in santa barbara! http://i41.tinypic.com/2hi2t4y.jpg  hahha i wish 
Not in front of the tv  wats the score an inning??
@swtcupcake Not sure it didn't say it was 2 big. I jst saw the pics of u on ur last bday. You looked so pretty!! I miss you!! 
lady is clean now, im going to calexico in a moment, i have so much things to do today, and i wanna go and watch the hanna montana movie 
@TFEB nope  we only have one really good cuban place... i'll have to ask them...
tell chris to stop making fun of lizzie 
sigh, my sisters bein strange.. she came all the way from copenhagen to london, and now her phones turned off.. i wanna see her dammit 
@mitchelmusso, i called your say naw and got a voicemail for a guy named shannon... 
@dougiemcfly http://twitpic.com/67uc7 - can you lend me one? I have a cold too 
@cakewrecks that same smell is wafting thru my grandparents house, papaw has the smoker going out back..we've got a long wait tho. 
@RezaEvol awe  wit the snap of my fingers n a nod of my head ur rain is gone  lol...thxs hit up afterwards
@mommy41402 yeah i need his fricken cell number ive tried his home for months and hes too busy. i miss braddddddddd 
@suncito hi there! got off comp. early last nite.  saw u weren't feeling well..   hope u r better!!
mann i had no idea hp a/c adapters were worth like eighty bucks  wine* it's gonna be a while till i can use my lap top
@nodirectionhome biglots by my house has jesus &amp; virgin mary rings in one of those machines i rocked one for a while til that shit broke 
screw it lemme click on a ticket. preetttty sure i can make it. might not make it for vermillion lies opening tho 
Theres a fricken prisnor trans outside r hotel!  3/10 so far
this part is boring. who cares about edward being saved, blah blah? i want jacob! 
so im on the phone with Turkish Airlines trying to get my mile points...there has to be an easier way! speak english to me..anyone???  ha!
try to do assignment on christopher columbus!  soo sad!
Its bed time  i want to stay up and giggle at nothing but cameron and chelsea and gettin in a bit of a :/ mood lol i think myspace and ...
@mileycyrus hey miley! you come to brazil? you're many fans here! please you can answer me?  love your song! x
tonight is going to be ruff, i can already tell, bella is NOT happy...this teething business lasts too long! 
sorry chinese, but i loved the climb - miley cyrus 
with janee... bout to drop herrr offf 
@soFLYsoCHI mayneeee i hope these joints dont sell out....cause the site is trippin aja...idk what 2 do 
Man I bin sleep since i kame hme frum skool, nd i still feel terrible...gess no movies 4 me tunite 
made $175 bucks for some pictures of a local karate master! goin to bed soon cuz i have to work at 6 am 
@Shannnon_ ya guys!! we really need to gooooooo plleeaasseee  lisa u better go!!! i can give u a ride!!!!
feel like crap on toast...apparently next door neighbor's 3 yo gave me and rich some 24-hr (hopefully) bug so don't wanna do nothin 
is distraught finking about peter andre and katie prices split...they were my only hope in true love 
missin my hunny bear.shes sick in bed...bad back 
Going to go catch a movie with the boys and anh! Too bad david had to leave 
@itsjannahbey ok every where I look 4 tickets the prices r sky high..startin to get a lil discouraged  let me knw wht u see
@SooSpecial lool we could the prob isi life 2 far to send it off lool yh 50/50 
made spin dip in vain  , eh din din tomorrow... mo'town philly back again
watching the laker game. imma watch movies with my big bretheren vonna tonight, i think.idk what imma do this weekend.probably nothing. 
does anyone have this girl nicky following them? like she has 3453 profiles i bet its a 42 yr old perv making profiles up ewww 
btw... i'm on crutches 
aight, back to the game... i miss phil jackson's moustache 
@Addctd2candy ooh yall went to vegas  im really sad i coulda left school lol
@angelagunn i need to stop watching Kardashians, cause it alwas make ms feel like i need a bigger azz 
downloadin yahoo messenger so i can talk 2 my godmother onthe other side of the wrld! yay! i wuld do it thru webcam but she doesnt have 1 
meeeeeh! i cant sleep  tis annoyin!! not amused!! smush face wont stop tryin to eat my hair :S
@cupcake_kayla  im alread half there babe! haha come visit!!!!
@talk2donboy im wit u on the nike dunks and g shocks... i got banded from shoppin i bought 2 many 
@StarGrl85 yeah, i've tried sending a tweet 2 ellen degeneres 2 hopefully put mcfly on the ellen show l8ter in the year. so far, no luck. 
mark cubans doin handsprings right now- the &quot;punks and thugs&quot; are sinking.. but he's not looking forward to paying dirk's child support. 
type into youtube tyrabanks gone wild and go to forty six seconds LOL. ps the sun is coming up and iv not went to bed yet argh  gb
@Sitababyy im watchin it on espn game cast lol... so i dont see wut u guys see  lol is it home or away?
hates the cons of having ur house near the clinic  http://plurk.com/p/x3obi
@gmkhail85 my day was good yea I know I was werkin nd then I was buyin couple shyt since I gt paid  money goes fast fkn rentttt
@ramsey awesome...I couldn't get that to cooperate  share your secrets, oh wise one
@christinechoi cool place, eh? btw, i'm so devastated i cant make it to the artwalk. just kill me now to end my misery 
http://twitpic.com/68d0f - greatt times todayy!!! movies, my house, takin pics, late to da pool, hang out at da pool, and leave  hug m ...
fasting never lasts because i always drink on thursdays 
i just called westside pizza ta c wht they have bout the only thing i found out they had was bad customer service 
damn, the house ep. where amanda dies is sad as hell  i even cried.
@cresh182 for whatever reason nadal is an animal...tim henman used to be my fav 
woo woo!! st.louis zoo 2mar thats only thing i can do since i cant go 2 six flags!  but it will b fun ill take lots of pictures
my katy perry poster fell down  looking for tape..
Swinging at the first stinking pitch  #fb
It's so hard not knowing what to do when you are upset at your bf about something thats touchy to talk about. i have a knot in my throat 
@tonfue omg, too bad...  got bak from tryouts, turns out me  &amp; my friends made the team... we arent too bummed tho, theres always nxt yr
I hope my mom and the baby are ok with this storm going on...all tht shit tht was outside. I feel bad about tht. 
@do0dlebugdebz correct...and you're lucky enuf to wake up late...for me,sleeping long on weekends is already a  luxury...dang 
@EBBSBABY lmao ha windows in the back &amp; the bitch dnt have steps 
lakers baby !!! sad that I can't watch birdman anymore 
how a credit crd in my purse get deactivated.... thiz gurl says a phone could have done it.... any one heard of dat b4 let me know 
I'm tired but cnt sleep  a deer almost hit our parked car &amp; I was like uh what a dumb deer !!
misses &quot;san k? inom tyo!!!&quot; texts and having random overnights. somebody take me away!!!! 
my stomache hurts again!!!!!  wants to go to chris's party or to crystal's with micheal but feels like knives are stabbing me.
@beatnikz unfortunatly no  my girls all went to freaking france for their french class. I should have taken french haha
is laying in bed with sidda hopper and my greggy bear...i wish gregory steven were here. 
@sha425 im tryna find closer seats; if i dnt find seats by 10am then i wnt go 
Holy crap my head is THROBBING! where the h did this come from? no booty shaking 4 moi 2nite..left 4 the club n couldnt even c straight 
gossipgirl14_that was the most amazing episode of the hills, it was so sad,i want lc and heidi to patch things up 
@YungChriisz sthu Nuggets got the #2 spot on trending topics, atleast they won that on the #1 website in the country lmfao?   &gt;=/ !
oooh. karma down. didn't get a chance to plurk yesterday.  http://plurk.com/p/x4alw
note to @pht2def: we not cool no more? I feel like you one and done'd me  lol....holla @ me!
@DJDarkuJ sry your dance failed. 
@victoriax3jonas aww victoria what's the matter 
@greentiers lol justin is just perfect in every way! i wish i could marry justin! but too bad i wont ever get the chance to 
arguing next door and I just feel like crap...bae I already lost ur trust I don't want to loose anything elez 
@AshleyLTMSYF bye ashley  u and the dolls come back soon please
@mtvprotege: diddy better hire us I dnt wanna do canadian reality tv anymore 
Lakers won.  they're a cool team but I was ganna get dim sum if they lost. Sucks.
@LilyofOz I tried to comment on a blog post of yours, an incredible piece of pure romance, but I couldn't for some reason  beautiful tho
i forgot to watch jay leno's last show  whoops. my sister's keeper is such a good book. and im only on page 27.
fml shitty life update #1: bro isn't going to ricky al's bachelor party cuz he broke the rear window of his car. ie uberawkward bro-party 
@ImaPacifist not me  what's that song? nadie me quiero todo me odio&lt;--and I dont know how to spell the rest
for some reason my pic wont load soo sad 
@1TIFFANYNICOLE nope. Cnt yet (at least no club environment)  
@ddlovato madison is the cutest thing alivee. she doesnt need to be frustrated over paps  im sorry ur sister has to go through that&lt;3
susan sarandon &amp; julieanne moore make everything more awesome.. Also our internet is out, 
@robromoni john needs to find his backbone and lay kate OUT on camera..seriously. his bitchassedness is painful for me to watch 
@jimmyfallon the skate act wuz so lame 
Effing sad cos i can't find the guitar pick that poolie give it to me,that mean alot to me,gosh i can't believe i lost it  *cries*
i was in a good mood until @JamieElizabeth3 tld me to get a real bf. i wld if tht guys i liked gave me a chance. ugh!. 
attempt. - shes-a-problem: lmao. did you fry or bake them? i baked em . ugh  http://tumblr.com/xsh1wku68
er...thiinking about moi future career choices! And i'm utterly confused... 
my comp isnt working  asdfghjkl; anyone wana donate to my funds for a macbook
this pimple is qivinq me a headach, &amp; im type hunqry not a qood combo 
@SethBuzzard since i'm sure net access at bc sux, i meant to say you guys make my manhood disappear and i wish i were w/ u all 
@Cookleta hahah u love to sleep dun u? i wish i cud 2  lol there's always so much noise in my house its hard to sleep in the afternoon
@sofiecyrus well thx hope she will see my massages idk why shes sad butt am sad  nd yeah its 1 off my fav pic
@baileemarshall awe thats so sad for him  idk my dads left handed so he was supportive in the act ha
woah. im hott. legs hurt. danced with 3 hott guys. missed my baby grant  and almost got my wristband cut. haha. after party at my house.
@carpenyx btw. this is another show that ended way too early  but at least we got a (short) 2nd season, that kicked ass*hehe*
@sistahe omg im so sorry i totally forgot,i was on the pc too! i normally write it on my calendar  damn it!
hahaha Transformers cast were all over the place. hmm the robots i mean. no shia 
@mileycyrus i would love to sit down over some starbucks and talk about our  's. because i'm feeling pretty low myself
@iamcolumbus @Mechu I probably won't even be able to afford delicious box sets anyways  I just wanna see if they have them lol. -sparkle-
mad that melo lost  bout 2 watch dance flick. crzy f nite..good nite!
the one reason I was happy when she wasn't playing bball is cos my parents teated her normally and not like she was special 
my thumb is bleeeeeding! idk why 
quite mad at mo, think chocolate will make me happy nd  cuddles but mummy isnt home 
i m kinda reflecting &amp; sad that some lankan americans never seem to forward my stuf as i do theirs or suport me as i do their stuf  
Eeewww creepy white guy watching meeeee!! I wanna go home 
so yeah... apparently i just played my guitar till my fingers bled... bryan adams would be so proud!! i... need a tissue 
@terrencej106 im up. missed ur show cuz jiffy lube broke my car  3 hrs for a tow. not good. u guys record it?
@JonathanRKnight sorry bout that jon. getting ready 2 drive 4hrs for family yardsale. said i'd be disowned if i didnt show up 
what a beautiful mornin...a nice walk and a joint..jus what the doctor ordered..now for decorating...  
@michelezies thought you were going to come over.  that's what sam said anyway.
my pup wont stop crying 
off mon. tues. wed. want to see drag me to hell but i might not be able to sleep...creepy...want to go out of town but got no where to go 
cant sleep in 2moz not happy bout it 
@chobotMod anyone can make false report against me.its not fair that yr banning me from the agent prog cuz i done nothin wrong  cries
i shud hav a pic now  ugg i hav 2 go to a club ting at 10 n i shud be in bed uuggghh n the evil pigion is walkin 2wards meh
@melster_yo Aww girll!!! Tht is wiggity wack! I kno my teef be in dis teef jail!! I hate it ma orthodontist is like da teef police 
@MikeMilan215 aww u stole my follower  she has a good personailty lmao
upset because jonny has left kill hannah  :'(
pff...  i cant check my caracter pff.... stupid network
@miszsarahz @faye_tan u were both at bourke st???so near my workplace!why never come visit meeee???i upset 
@sammycocochanel lol sammy i watched it !! omg i love the songs. hey who do u think the person is in that song ? i feel like its miley 
@speedyb no cos then ill be letting jess down, she wants me to go wedding shopping with her 
@AlexAllTimeLow ohh i use to live there.           Pooor alex  get well soon?
@faye_tan hehe faye's on a shopping spree of late :p glad you enjoyed urself.hate it because it's sooooo cold!  franklin not like this!
@krystinaag yes yes they wud, bt thx for the thought! we dnt get donuts here  have a gud sleep!!!
sorry jay leno... i missed your last show 
im a total serial dieter!! its bikini season tho so gotta look hot!! only problem is i love food too much 
@katie_louis3  realy badly sunburnt  mum was like if you sunbathe tomorrow you'll get 3rd degree burns lol 
malaysia is just a place for layover, not worthy of a show  you're not first alex.
@BrianMcnugget That's so cute...my bloke wud neva refer to me that way!! 
@_rachaelll sorry i've already got plans  could we do it tomorrow coz i could get kate and meg to come too? we could buy our pool xD haha
eh stupid tv , nothing is on  going to read   |:
@raihan_aj awww no  two? how long do you have until your mum gets back?
i just bought the june ish of candy. my collection is not complete anymore. i don't have the may ish. 
hmmmm.....m so confused n i hate being in this state...!!! 
mm today is sunny, but no sunbathing fer me seen as im peeling mega lots  still got a voice like a seal an all :\
even if australia gets to host the football world cup in 2018/2022, it will be in canberra not sydney 
ps. seeing your ex and his ho bag mistress at work SUCKS  im so sad
@rach210 marathon isn't happening yet I'm just kinda staring at my tv blankly atm marathons aren't much fun alone 
@Claireeee09 also, i wasted 25euros tryna get credit but noooo, i couldnt  and im sunburnt i hate beaches  thnks 4 the gerard thing!!
@Enoxylitol  hahah red bull clears nose allergies enoch?!!  i have geo and econ.  
@chibi_sora is jealous i cant come round for parties 
omg...jaya shopping complex in ss14 collapsed? oh no! ummm...i grew up visiting that place 
went 2 the old rectory 4 tea had the combo 4 2 peeps well nice back 2 skool on monday booo i have music maths geog bor no english noooo 
@stevetheblack lol i know, she's not in my good books at the mo! i want to go out in the sun 
Really wants to &quot;get her drink on&quot; with jess, amy mole and rhysy. But can't bloody get there  xox
@StupidMe_x wooo its bought time! :L i txt u yday bout ur interview coz i had 4got u didn hve it 
@GracieAlbernaz hey i forgot some of the shirt sayings oh snap whats a girl to do. and i have to buy a new printer too  i already have 2
@DonnieWahlberg @GracieAlbernaz hey i forgot some of the shirt sayings oh snap whats a girl to do. and i have to buy a new printer too 
@l4v4 i love ireland but i love me some booze &amp; good company too  enjoy everyone | epic dance &amp; flip a cup por moi &lt;3
@sittingina but really it's the lack of cashmere that hurts my soul. dik-dik is weeping, huge buggy black eyes red-rimmed. 
@avstansfield arr no its the final aswell  weurgh joe taking over me life again , gettin in the way of my bgt crave
@addagio1 im in the same boat mate, I SO want 2 squeeze in sum park action afta my show bt no1s about durin my awkward timings! 
@tracekel ur so mean  brendon is sleepin with some 37 yr old and I saod wow she is 3 yrs older them my mum ewww lol
@hu_hu_cool youtube doesn't even work properly for me  must be something i fucked up
@adambackhouse i had the same problem with polish sun cream   did you send in a britney poem? you're very much the new carol ann duffy.. x
@ddlovato hey if u've gotten over that fear of bikini pics..... Just saying...I'm sorry ur just really hott!! 
@JoloveMcFLY yeh i did! but i was up the back coz i didnt get there early enough.. n all my pics didnt turn out 
@lisa_sue_li gah don't laugh at meeeee, come online i haven't talked to you in ages man 
The lady at sonic cant count change 
cause mummy dont have no burgers    she said maybe tmrw  xxx
chelsea or everton? who cares, it's so late down here in oz can i be bothered staying up? no good sport in my time  zone at the mo 
cant wait for wave, bing and squared now that wolfram was big disappointment 
@mc8755 @denzillacey i hear you lads. I'm in the same position myself. 
does any one wana help me study geometry????...coz i avnt a clue  ....
@tinchen_2909 me too... and  they dont eve hav to win, just a fuckin draw would do it... 
is making a brave attempt to affect her future... on a saturday  bugger
i want come in team jonas 
@clairelouise2 but he's 4 mos old..2 young 2 fall! co-sleeping is terrific, except when ur partner fails to tell u he has left the bed 
@kathrynalopez I didn't get a drunk txt! And I thought you loved me 
i foresee a visit to urgent care in my near future. like, as soon as adam and cassie wake up 
@musiclover3311 omg i know mags it feels kinda surreal!! i'm gonna miss peace!  i am who i am today cuz of the people at qop!
sorry @juleidys @mrs757 @liznewlifee. feel asleep on yall last nite.  wouldn't happen in person doe lol...what's good!
@minauderie awww id hate being stuck in a classroom in this weather  im just finding the link to the pic of jensen's new hair
im sooo tired... seriously lack of slp! brain cells are working non-stop everyday!! 
hello arjanne :&gt;... since you used my account im using yours ) wheeeeee my mouth hurts cause of my braces .. new wire  - patrice
@Bugadocious girl i think u ruined my whole day u where right im lookin at pics and stuff now on the internet  but they do look happy tho
We want to watch terminator but all thats left are front row seats! 
http://tinyurl.com/nddawp  &lt; can someone explain this to me this joke dosent make snese to me 
@LimeIce nice pic limey.. looks a little rushed tho (blame sum?) 
@NathalieKinders ok i just watcheed!  the last eppy was really sad, 1st ep i was thinking whats the point but it all concluded together 
@kahunapirate then he said that he imagines hawaii when he has to go to places he doesn't want to  i love new bern!
@tommcfly omg, ur not in the hotel anymore? 
@tickedypoph hahaha I live across the road from a hospital too hahahaha  my life is fail
@LimeIce cheap ass ones.. i'm headed in ur direction 
@tooshbag omg yesss that poor ladyy~~ kesian  if I could just find sum1 to marry her,be her dancing partner,pass out with her..etc.
is so sick. I can't even talk anymore  and its my moms bday suprise. so sad tear.
@Leannnee ii dunno where its gone 
@samara_yohai I think my stitches r too small  haha meh! I'm excited to do the beach scene one tho!
Just got electrocuted slightly by freezer plug  now I understand &quot;only a dick plays with mr electricity&quot;
@wolfmonk lol, cool. jamie and darren are at work until, like, 6, so i've got nobody to hang out with 
Just finished the exhaust training, u knw wht? I've got an award lhoo for best trainee participate 100% hehe but my foot got injured too 
check it out omaha. 62nd &amp; center. grand opening of deja vu, inc. a unique boutique. she has no customers &amp; i have no money.  driving away
ok my sister has got a expander and makes this sound like a lawnmower to &quot;get food out&quot; from under it. 
got a hair appointment at 5 and going to a bbq after. all tommorow ill be doing hwk, so none or very few tw33tz. 
@kingdro a wrap should've never enterd ur thought process lol they are for 12 yr olds lol...I wish I was rollin up right now 
just got bk from my grandparents  it was ok i guess  the swimming pool was reali cold, brrrrr
carnt belive getaway plan had there last show in sydney and i wasnt allowed to go  ima so sad
@88brit06 lol i don't know if i lived, i didn't get to see the end of the dream. but it wasn't looking good  and lmao that would be...
cant find my ball pump  i need it now
She said she gettin a breast reduction i told her she gonna loose more than tits!  you will reduce a friend.  not cool.
as much as it pains me to write it chelsea have really showed their class today in the #FAcup. poor everton, timmy and moyes 
wow... all i wanted to do is see taylor swift but of course shes sold out! 
@katherinemarsh i know . I been sneezin me face offf 
aw shucks just heard chelsea won #facup 2 - 1 chelsea - everton  why can't the little guy win for once
@tommcfly oh no, you are no longer here in sao paulo  come back next year or before please! -sorry, i don't speak english very well! xx
He he's looking 4 his grandma &amp; cant find her 
just witnessed chelsea winning the cup. o well that sucks 
@Kamthenikhil CEERI is gud, pilani is v  v hot, u r thirsty all the time, wazz more is that water tastes bad  ....accoz ok, and v hv dc up
its hard to find wich celeb your looking for coz there mostly fake accounts 
im up &amp; still trying 2 wake up then later i probably have 2 pack bcuz 2morrow we are goin 2 a hotel in ann arbor bcuz of my dad again 
shouldve watched night at the museum than 17 again. its like, choosing zac over nick 
@taylorswift13 so in a week you'll be here in michigan, please make me find tickets to your concert bestfriend &lt;3 oh, and a ride 
@courtney_5887 I'm sorry  did I scare you?
thinking. wth? a certain person has nothing better to do then email me about how i should stop posting on  sarah brown's wall with stuff! 
jamie and teresa finish strong in the field. No kegger, tho. 
@trouble182 your lucky. I was gonna set frank on you. I hear he talks you into submission. Not in a gimp meets dominatrix way tho. Sadly 
bbq at harveys. have half an hour to get ready not gonnaa happen. shes backkkk and wants forgiveness. hmmmmm. don't know what to do 
DAMNIT....i don't like my blink seats, *and* they weren't selling pit tix. guess i gotta start listening to kroq to win tix or something 
@crackedknuckles lmao they will be there to  aww man lol u can stop at mine as well so u dnt hve to worry bout gettin home.. if u wnt?
hmmm i think i should set the white balance before a gig even though i'm shooting in raw. forget i can't change wb on videos 
im bloody revising indoors while the lovely sun is out... wohoo.. im soo lucky 
elle's just been for a couple of hours, then jades mum came and got a kitten. cant believe my babys gone  haha.. got my twins left tho.
Throwing myself a pity party  I read somethin I liked &quot; when life gives u lemons throw them at ppl&quot; watch out...lol
I just realized I forgot to talk a walk by my fave picture at the bow last night.. thats a sin! 
@rudedoodle was hard, esp on the way to dee. had to walk home from the flyover cos i hadnt drank enuf and blacked out 
why cant celebrities 4low me? w@ iz it dat i dnt have? 
U think ur bangle mark is bad @jano270789 look at this http://twitpic.com/69oh5 think i should of used suncream 
@carole29 i not a fan of bb 
so bored of not being able to talk. op went well tho. sick of taking meds  talk anyone?  Britains got talent XD
and hes being a meany head and wont let me hook up my music to the speakers so his antenna doesnt get bent 
@tommcfly sunny? sunny? sun-ny? perversity, only because I got a new coat for the concert today   ps: wich tv show?? casseta &amp; planeta?
Gettn back to wrk  no one evr cpmes in to say hi, lameness
my friends are going to the beach ... a have cramps! im stayin home   i hope it rains hahahaha jk jk
omg im readin hip hop weekly and big puns wife is struggling, where can i buy some stuff so she can have some money we needa help her 
@xCatMx ooucha.. no luck. take some comfort from the fact i'm in the same shitty boat tho (besides playin footie this mornin)! 
Oh and sorry no beach pics  my sd card is acting up
eww! he messed up mi window media player....thanks alot 
@mileycyrus miley i love u ? i need you here in chile girl  please come to chile!! we are waiting for you (: loveu(L
what happenfd to the whales in south africa? thigs like that realy makes me scared 
graduation was amazing. congrats closs of 2009.    but my guinea pig died last night  rip piggy http://tinyurl.com/m9xp7l
@nicole_b86 a thought she was good haha  bet shel turn on the waterworks here
can someone draw me a bamboo? plz!!!!! i forgot the rice paper at skool!! 
@aniamigdal dont drink wine ur gunna get a headache! 
oh come on, novak. you broke my heart. 3rd round exit?  here's to nadal and federer then.
@brenddaxo lmao youu do love boootay. Andd fml we're all having the same issue. 
Ugh on my way to the bus stop 2 go 2 wrk !  nt cute can't wait to drink sum beer later !
Taking a short break in btwn clients...ate, now I might crash for 30 min untill I have to leave again 
michael is working rays game, tommy is working at the pool, tiff is about to head to work at winghouse...no one is home 
thanks alot perez... i was on perez's utube.. then i got all the way to this: http://free2g1c.com/ after watching his peanut butter vid 
wake'n up...wondering if any of my dallad friends wana go to cheddars today? sho miss my bff living here 
@eclipseforever i heard sum dq (( mxtube ))) but i aibt getting anything  thanxx thou check 4 me ;)
chillin watching suite life of zack.and cody my ear is bleeding 
@that_kat I'm a complet nightmare.. 'm so scared they'll come back whlst we're all out!.. I can't afford to get the locks changed too!  x
@steph6655 yea she inner right is she ? .. that's what puts me off her .. might be nerves but dont do it on the night of the final ..  
susan boyle looked really depressed. no wiggle or anything! 
I took an hour long nap and i still feel like crap and my mum wont take me to the doctor 
@laura1022miller Even though that movie looks like it would scare the crap out of me...... I would go if I were in town! 
the skirt I'm wearing is uncomfortably short  but idk what to wear under it since Its so warm out 
i now have 34 songs on itunes ( im sad cuz i ran out of $ on my gift card before i could buy taylor swifts song u &quot;you belong with me) 
the dance groups r awesome nd aden is aswell if ny 1 of them win im happy  shame they cant all win 
@rachmurrayX lolz i hate chav music, but im actluy quite scared cos i started likin a sort ov chav song the other day 
wnt 2 write blog post abt 2-3 thngs bt nt in d blogging mood!!  Feelng lazy thnks 2 my laptop.wl return soon 2 delhi n 2 my desktop.
@TerryJonesMusic it aint workin 100%  check www.mp3share.team.pro
Wow... watching the grass grow and grow and grow. I guess I need to mow...oh no  http://ff.im/3pALz
i really dont want susan boyle to win lol  diversity to win everyone voteee lol!
@superbarry I dunno wat that means but I did not. U touched me &amp;walkd away smh 
@ms_fire so sorry about ur doggie. No fun putting down pets. 
jj has just started using gtalk, i told her &lt; plus 3 = heart, she thinks &lt; plus 333 = icecream. shame it does not.  would be gre ...
watching marie antoinette and than house of wax ... waaah im alone at home  hate it to be alone in my house, its kinda scary
Looks like ima go eat by myself 
samantha has been outside playing with rosie-belle (she now has a middle name) the turtle ALL day. monday is NOT gonna be fun for her. 
my mom didn't let me go to cami's hause whit juli, oooh , i miss u girls 
Hiiyah wats everyone doin? talk 2 me im so bored + no1 on bebo  and my picture wont go up lol mayb cause am to ugly haha oj x
@Jonasbrothers I love you guys so verry verry much..but u dont know I even exist  and I love all your new songs off the new album!!&lt;3
@stickyfingerss tle.. spatunya jadiny sesuai dgn yg diharapkan but just the matter of size..is it? itu beli dmn tle? too bad i'm size 40. 
@stuartevan hehe awww thx, same as usual really 
@Jeferca heheh awwww did u drink alot?? - if it makes u feel any better im getting my wisdom teeth removed today AND i havent slept yet 
For those that know sexie lisa on blather her beloved pet has just died and she is a bit sad at the mo. 
plz don't let susan win  diversity, shaheen, flawless or aiden plz.
@juliedessler haha cool...I guess that's the upside of it lol...ur bi-lingual....I wish I was 
I would love a home cooked meal right about now by papa livigne and hang by the pool w kar kar and jess.  and some other things......
guys fl privalagd wiv my presence. i wsnt gna cum on bt i did cos i feel nosy. maths on monday 
mum needs computer, so i'm gonna fuck off and read a book, would listen to DPad, but my ipod is synced to my comuter, not this one 
@jessyfischer my picture is not loading  im calling you right now! cant believe brian is back in town.. god, i missed him
@officialTila..wow!! I own tha movie, the only person u can relate to is her..sooo much pain 
@MoREthANHuMAn hmm, dissapointed  but understanding. did nothing for me either, just a dry hump at the bar. &lt;nowmoredeterminedfornexttime&gt;
i think susan boyle didnt want to win, bloody press fked her up. aw  anywho YAY diversity x
@the_gunn_man late for work and didn't get my tenner on diversity sooo pissed 
@dfizzy my favourite song is taylor swift belong with me but you probably dont like that sorta music 
well done lads! theres a big hole in my saturdays from now on... 
chippy food is greasy  letting jason eat it all. heh heh
@Dorkus_ noo flawless shud have won 
omg i would do anything to get out of this house but i dont have my car wat the hell 
ant + dec with steven mulhurn is pure perfection isn't it. like seriously, SO funny! im gonner miss bgt 
@xoanarevvvv hahah i love that stuff. mine is dr. pepper, it's my biggest vice. 
@MileyCyrus: I'monna take a break now cuz ur not answering me 
recently had my 60th #birthday; it slid by without hoopla. a red #japan #costume (coat, hat) would've been nice! http://tr.im/livelong 
sometimes i feel like the outcast in my family, i always feel like i hve to out shine ppl tht still shine more then me. 
so glad diversity won! woop woop...gotta get up at 5:30 to do a carboot sale 
@alexandralay ohhh! i hope its in ours  such a pretty dress
@emmarossx aw ano  mind you she lets her fone ring threw a song so shel probly type through one
ohh i wish tt forum wud go back to normal and i wish i would come alive again i dont like being a ghost any more 
@lolhayley ah i see well i rekon we must be annoying aidan with our twitter whore antics :L cant find anything to watch on tv 
@nicole_b86 ahahah they really will be  she replyed bck.. awww omg thank you so much !! but id get stage fright. hahah
@lil69 i never had that happen b4 but it took me 4ever to change my background 
tooth thru my bottom lip  ohh well.. still having fun tubing w/ courtjo- txt me!
@colinkelly ha you fraud! I knew they weren't yours. Gutted now tho, was packing my bikini for our pepsi weekend 
@Kaendri  plz help me i try to pm HumanHyrokkin  but get no repley just nothing at all from thim after 30min  plz i cant pk this way
After goin on my shrimp binge lastnite since no longer bein allergic  im bein an anorexic today. I have no appetite n my tummy hurts. 
@smazattack I'm glad that I'm following yur moral code; though I was very sad in the pic: http://twitpic.com/68qj3 D-backs lost yesterday 
@kateisacreeper she said she didn't feel bad cause amber was a bitch, but poor wilson 
@beckinelson know what you think ;) i bet youll love it !! im gutted i cant go to her manc gig  whats that thing about bkstage men tour ??
dawson...is it a problem that i still cant move my thumb?    and dont reply with...&quot;well you deserve it&quot; lol cause I KNOW
@Chipmunkartist flawless didnt win  i wanted them or aiden to win. i bet they wil hav a career in dancin anyways coz they r amazin! x x x
is laughing at devon ! bhahahaha! lmao ;p.... all by my lonesome in my house 
im fixing hamburgers; they're not turning out good  i cant wait for the mtv movie awards; waiting to see my baby shia labeouf, lol;
@UltraPunch true.... trying to change ur profile pic can be hit or miss 
@MsTeagan not much of a booty shot...or shorts for that matter.    is that an iphone or an eternity?
@AndreaUrbanFox ive no worries.. bit of anxiaty abt goin darn sarf onme tod. but alls well. didnt win lotto  gd 2hear yr migraines gone.
@EvieEvEv she'll always hold a grudge against joe 
@gfalcone601 its ok, my friend got loads this year but i cant get hold of em  danny looks like a vampire in one of them lol
@S3cond2none yea I know but hopefully u do get out early lol my sis is coming with us and shannon is not going to be able to go 
i hate it when sand gets into ur shoes.. &amp; socks... cuz that's what happend to me at the picnic! 
Why wnt my bkgrond pic change 
@nileylovestory hey..did u hear about what miley said?  just becuz we support niley means we're not a 'true' fan? (
@ljohnopp03 I was tlkn abt the pool whr my mom lives. Dsnt look lk we're gnna mk it 2day tho. 
@rachy_babes same, im terrible :' ) yay for cry-ers haha! good good, apart from the sunburn - ouchhhh!  x.
my cousin aj is staying for the summer and he only watches cartoons well i guess i will be watchin jonas on the back porch  lol
@shes_j LOL, you sounded out of breathe the minute we spoke, goofy butt. I couldn't find the place  artesia/downey here i come!
@HeyErnie lame lol  ha ha ha j leno is leaving from the tonight show  anyways guess wat
@innik damnit man imma miss the steam spot bc of video lol @bmariestyle can I pay u to go and get me a bag of steam snow brocc n taters 
At the mall.  i dont get to look for anything tho.  my moms buying rugs
*sigh* g2g cuzz i gotta go 2 a 70th party... yay!  and i can't bring my fone w/ me cuzz my grandparents want me 2 b social  !!spaztastic!!
@lisalisax2 why couldnt we have saw that yesterday instead of some scary ass movie?!!? geez lisa!   we'll just have to go mon during work!
so many hot ppl at the garage. i feel rank 
@mileycyrus I wanna go to one of your concerts! I wanted to go to your sweet 16 but my mom wouldnt pay 
plz dnt start a stupid hate war over @mileycyrus she doesnt want this 
@Ruleyork man i feel stupid nw  thnks 4 letin me kno tho, u ok? X
@Naswh0isShe cute pic boo...wish it was bigger tho 
is praying for her daddy-o and hoping he gets better fast.  #fb
@meowalexismeow aaaaaaaaaw crap! that one of my favorite movies. i aint got a cable box wit hdmi on the back. its in hd only 
@jamie_neish gah, I hate it when my room gets all stuffy  x
i feel really bad... turns out that i some how manage to delete all her photos on her camera from when she went ti aussie for her 21st! 
i think i may have just lost a year's worth of pictures from the memory card in my phone.  i'll know more in the am, but omg.  gonna cry. 
@mary__ellen i miss you too! im stuck with the rents tonight bc i have nothing to do  oh well. come back soon!!!!!
@RevRunWisdom I tried checkin out ur new trailer, but it says not available in my country 
lmao we're almost done with shcool thank goodness but finals are next week and im kinda scard 4 math 
Just saw terminator all the way thru... got into argument w/ bf over nature vs nuture.... no1 won 
@BRITkneeB babe me &amp; sterlz are rehearsing allll day 2mora rgt wen i get off church...so i cant do bbq 
@xoshattered_ how do i go with rbc? lol wtf ahaha. i love top gun but it wasnt working yesterday  omfg we all went on behemoth.. nuts &lt;3
got back from the gym. wooo, im proud of myself. now i gotta clean my room 
i want to go to the campfire but auntie is sick.  lame. this means keith urban live dvd. which is also kinda lame. my life is laaaamesauce
@loreleiphotos the obvious answer to my apple hate is that I can only afford a macbook poor not a macbook pro 
@caitiejayne ....are u calling oth lamo ?  need a catch up sesha soon hey
@ModtheSpore lol and u cant close it for ages  the words of the song pop up 
@ashleytisdale omg lucky! I want sushi.. havent had it in a while though because its kind of expensive 
hates when her hands go numb  cnt txt properly...
In a down in out mood  ima jus chill 2nite
I reallyreally want to make thsi outfit, but idk where to start.  http://bit.ly/obZtt
watching all my johnny cash live dvd's he looked just like my grandpa. i miss them both 
@justinjap not for me, was tossing and turning, when its not too painful to turn la (the leg u know) cuz its simply too warm to sleep! 
Doesnt look like it will be a kobe lebron match up...  come on cavs!!!
@Volcompunk cute isnt she...when shes not ripping ppls faces off 
ugh mad. i didnt go to the mall and get my ipod fixed instead i was at my grandmas picking crab meet off of crabsss  on youtube&lt;3
@rebel49er I'm guessing it'll be lakers winning in 5 games. 
omg.. my back.. is totally shot.. f-ing hurts..  #fb
@audreykeyes yikes!  the fiance called &amp;said sirens were going off... but he wasn't leaving the 3rd floor apt bc he was watchin the cavs!
At the no doubt concert on ch. 101, why does the drummer make it look so easy, when my arms almost fell off at @joe_sparks living room 
@justin_powell umm... did you destroy something beautiful? I think that's what it means  I'm so stealing that line.
@mensamusic u lucky bastarde, that hasnt hap to me in a while. dont have any money to deposit in lil pockets 
I had a good link to one where a guy tried to grope a girl on the train but she  turned around and gave him an earful..vid is gone noe 
@twitrmethis__dv. i love your face sooo much!! I hate my crip walk 
going for a drive  i cant stop hating my self
cavs. just need sum stops!! and refs need to call lebron's fouls man 
So long twitter, I shall revisit thee when I finish my paper! -The ife of a procrastinator 
goodbye cavs ... 
i cannot believe that cleveland is doing so badly right now. its kinda sad. poor lebron. 
@mizsprieta yeha i dont have to pay it was a mistake..but i dont like mistakes like dat so i left ummm..i have no phone anymore. 
@JuliaBeverly nice interview i think my subscription just ended  please peep my gucci mane and luda remix http://twiturm.com/unki thanks!!
the cavs are breaking my heart right now   i just want a cleveland championship-- is that too much to ask?!?!
Bandit lee way was born wednesday and i can't find pictures anywhere 
@twitrmethis__dv. i love your face sooo much!! I hate my crip walk 
just watched the strangers.....i am now really scared hahah 
well no more kobe and lebron commercials. 
magic vs lakers... I kno my baby @erik_jamaal is happy, but im so not interested in this match up. idk who I will root 4 
@MariahCarey by d by ms mirage i spent d day takn care of my 10 wek ol nephew b supr great if u cd giv a shout out toTadhg! he's ben sick 
@EbonyStarr55 srsly, re: peace. not even godawful hot yet. ths seemed esp. bad 2nite. but noticing an increase in arguing l8ly 
@iamdiddy okay...day three in tha E.R....catchin a cold  i'm not too happy about being here right now!! any words of inspiration???
@PrincessSuperC damn cici both ur teams lost u ok princess...dont cry   lol there's alwayz next year!!!!
that sux...on the brite side I could stare @ dwights arms for a few more games lol... poor lebron  he couldn't do it alone w no backup
cleveland fans never give up hope but always end up bein let down in the end  im not even gunna watch the finals now haha idc
went bday shopping for g this eve. found a good book &amp; a concert dvd. un4tunately, both were for me. lady gifts were just not a-poppin'. 
i dont think i can be a fan of any cleveland team anymore 
Anyone can recommend a good book? the ones im waiting on wont be released til august and later 
idk but I lost the paper so I need to redo it 
@JuneBug143 I wish I still had that cd u made me with all of roberts and rays old songs on it 
so i couldnt even get wat i wanted i was so mad cuz my coup expires 2morro so i left and got stufd crust digorno style lol 
another sarurday nite fucked to ruins  theres no originality left in the world
promised jr ud get throwed with him tongiht :-o thank god i said no beer! six pack calories are killin .e  im drunk
mixing up rum punch in da kitchen watching star wars clone wars. bsides dat seem like I'm havin an un-5ive nite, 
@marmarzz you are so mean mar  I don't want to trade you with anything anymore. I wish you will nvr have your bloody leekkkk!!!hahahaha!!!
ok its official I could kill for soda a pepsi shoot a coke ryte now but my sadistic boyfriend / trainer wont let me ave any 
worst part of the last game of eastern conf finals no more inside the nba best show on tv  chuck kenny and ej gone fishin
all i want for xmas is some food to last me a whole yeeaar 
just got back from safari-- guys are just a disappointment-- im so upset-- i felt like crying. 
@trent_reznor yo can you do one more $1200 package? I'll give you $1500 for it. I know that's not a lot, but it's all I have. 
hahaha my cousin at her competion! she dropped it 2 times!  but they still got 1st place! wooh! got kristian/tati!
watching snl but crappy signal         @mandyyjirouxx looks exactly like @ashsimpsonwentz to me
2nite woz fun aint got no where 2 sleep doe da couch n my bed hav been claimed 
@sew_cute etsy is not working for meeeee tonight 
@sarah_marina hey mama! I miss you!  I miss all my girls. (you, @DDubsTweetheart &amp; @leftwanting)
@LaurenConrad omg! tomorrow is your last episode of the hills  can't wait to see what happens at heidi's and spencer's wedding.
@robdawg87 hahahah no feel worse today  lol oooooo more wiki photos ey :p
Drunk and blown my baybeh lebron is done 
http://twitpic.com/6bdl6 - At hm bored on a sat... Pooooooo 
huff  no longer studying kn and biology ! i really really tired , i need to relax at a moment !!!
goodbye cavs. 
someone kidnap me so i dont hav to go back to buffalo 2moro 
time to hit the sack now. gotta go pick up the missus 2morro. and shout at her for being dumbo on the way back. and no cigs either 
Is really sad  the altar boyz runn is over  at least i was apart of something great
@ktjbpa2006 I know  I thought id be able to get meet &amp; greets cause I'm paying the $29.99 for her fc but I guess not! It makes me angryyy
went to the mall today cus kitty needed a promotion dress but she couldn't find one she liked  anyways i'm hungry.... lmao
@da1da oh  well I hope you can switch hotels or something for cheap. if you want help doing research on another place let me know.
watched Cillian die twice last night  pretty fookin sad.  its just movies anna! oh yeah, found my black cardi so i am peaceful
doesn't feel like going to uni on a sunday but is going to have to be the case with a dead mac  bah want assignments to be over soooon
With will Mollye biddy sethington in the cab saying bye bye to putnam 4 la  poopie
@mattcusson I got a cold.  but I'm glad you got a great photoshoot. When do you get the pics? Do you have them now? We wanna see.
looking at pics on myspace of someone who used to be my life...... puts me in a wierd mood.. don't know how to feel 
@shakirayshakira lol cool. I'm not bicoastal tho because I've never been to the west coast. 
should already be in bed.. but was being entertained by mikey... i miss that guy!  say a prayer.. he's in iraq for another 30-some days 
finished punch-out tonight (starting challenge mode now). someone outbid me for mr. bones though  oh sega saturn, with such rare games...
@sarahlchu @Brandieee @Raeskies aww ur making me sad now  there aint no competition.
in beedd, wish i could watch movies from under my covers but i dont have a tv in my room  i hate when im lonely! it makes me feel weak, eh
@mzsallyv starting again sux  add oil!
@erin82883 i don't like the battery countdown. its like watching arnold from t3 die.  #andyhurleyday
crap can't find my miley cyrus cd to play in the car to annoy my mum     #LoveEverybody
Just finish talking to my best batch mariah I miss her 
beach party tomo. gotta get rid of these racoon eyes 
crap I just shocked myself on my ds charger. my fingers ache now. 
oh may god! my annoying cousin take my phone and check every thing in it. and plus she check my inbox. im so pissed 
@sake1derful i'm sayin...p.s. whyd i freshen up for nothing? ish is sold out and bri is stayin home = me locked out from crazyfest 
@carlybrigantino mee too!!! awww it seems like sooo long  ill prob go with my nephew and mommy and sister to sunday school. i love god!!
but also feelin bit stupid cos said somethin last night and shouldnt of said it and bloody annoyed with myself for sayin, nob!!!! 
ahhh !  i almost droped my fone in the flippin toilet !
once again couldnt find a badass party after ther bar 
sel I'm havin a ball mama but miss u always , when u cumin back don't sound like anytime soon?  hope so tho lol we need one of those night
sunday juvetime: fuck this board nedved will not retire he will go away from juve to play for somebody else ...  pavel not in juve jersey
just got bak frm raffles wit the mumma, didnt win anythin 
@wilw i'm terrified of mel gibson, but for around 13 seconds i was mortified in a very envious way 
@JMDBS aww  you'll mos def find a solid hottie. anyways, im going to sleep, guys! ta ta my sweets.
No1 told me the score so imma just assume cavs lost 
@ewiw blom  my momma said it's better to buy em tomorow so i wont bail on studying and watch the dvds lol
@mr_ticky So no pic of pick? 
why is susan boyle still in the trending topics? it's so old. and now i've helped her stay in it by saying her name  gah
@thehoodnerd yeah i would switch but i get a nice verizon discount for workin for a verizon company 
bk  lol i bored - wt to do wen u like someone but theirs things in the way? reply wi answers!
is led in bed with alex. fuck the gym 
ohh the bombers 
@kyleandjackieo rob thomas is weird.... i stopped following him... kinda put me off matchbox 20 too 
@mousebudden well see! I love the way ur woman thinks.thats the right way 2 handle it..but w/o ending up like da brat  po sum out 4 her
@lizzyron lol laurie texted me about that earlier too. I haven't had a chance to see it yet  my internets being lame again
Getting seriously pissed just by the sight of her  not good.. #fb
ok so i am looking up stuff about the new moon trailer and i sooo wanna watch it on the mtv awards tonight but im in australia so cant 
ok so i am looking up stuff about the new moon trailer and i sooo wanna watch it on the mtv awards tonight but im in australia so cant 
@freaking_die hey.you alright, sorry iv not been on msn to talk and stuff, been busy all weekend. got exams now  seeya
is sad I really really wish that there didn't have to be troops in afghanistan and iraq etc, my friend is there, bad times 
@rachmurrayX they will sooon. but its gunna get hate on jess 
bugger.. somewhere on my travels ive lost my flip mino  had some good footage of rico tubbs on there. ah well best get saving for anot ...
bugger.. somewhere on my travels ive lost my flip mino  had some good footage of rico tubbs on there. ah well
@snufsnuf @WoNoJo everybody pn bnci buat itu.huhu i'm hving this damn headache 
I miss my littl cusin josiah  hmph*
cant find my thick grey socks  and the heaters still bein held hostage so iv taken 2 stuffin a hottie up my top ..i look preggo but hey..
one wish - rayj; sooo tired but i cant sleep cuz i took a nap today  whenever im bored i just sleep hahah
i think alot of us cried yesterday. but we need to get over it  @mileycyrus didnt mean to start all this hate. so finsih it. 
susan boyle makes me wana cry  ah no man! and lady gaga is an attentionwhore of note!.. haha when she opens her mouth to speak i laugh!
finally in bed. had to walk the dog in the rain tonite bleh 
the rlsv score is very bad. it must have some mistakes. i'll contact with mr. can. 
god i need a holiday  getting a cold and soo sooky!!
my fav online shows like antm c12, gg, everybody hates chris, bgt are all gone! guess there's only ausntm to survive on! 
dude its 9:30 &amp; i'm so tired think i'm starting 2 show my age  anywho i may b off 2 da land of la la  chow wow 4 now yall &amp; u write stuff
i'm gunna sunbathe on the random patches of grass, cause i dont have a garden 
Ive missed nickelodeon award that was showed on tv  bt ive had fun wiff my family 
@_J_A_M_E_S_ i loooove subway its soooo goood :-P but i live in a huckville i only get when i am in a city 
@tommcfly hey tom congrats on having 50114 followers. cant wait until the 20th june! im seeing u then! in pain rite now hurt neck 
buddha is back from vaca tonight  were plotting to make her quit, any ideas?
i hate being stuck at my house when you know u can be eating cheese cake and coffe jellys at starbucks with ur friends doing nonsense! 
@Gailporter ahh yur killing me with jealousy  stuck inside revision for finals!x
@audreygiselle why was youre day shit?  and yeah im just thinking about the usual junk i think about, you know lol email meee xxxxx
@jamesh_1993 Thanks. Thats not working though. I want to take someones head off and slice it up or something. I feel tired and soo cold 
@jonsac What upsets me more than anti-semitism is the fact that the 'antiracist left' don't give a crap.  awful abt ur synagogue
argh.. will be missing the rock en seine festival in france by a couple of days.. oasis, bloc party, keane + many other awesome acts. 
@guitar_afs i dont feel pro right now  fukkin hung ovr.
worried that noone is bidding on my skirts cos they are out in the sun  19 minutes to go and my profit isnt looking good!
grrr the twitter thing wont upload my picture  stupid thing, so im just an X in a box atm 
@makingsunshine no la hahaha it's my gramma. She has a lil dementia and couldn't even walk from the entrance to her room without support 
the cable's busted, can't watch anything  sigh... snorefest.
dangit belts!  I didn't say you could stop fitting! AAARGH!!!  
@dr_zu mama? u didn't get my tweeps last night?  sniff...anyways, wow, ur up early! nice pic
@jy286 ooh what sorta fic? i am just really scared that i'll completely blank and bomb the test and then ffail the subject 
god its warm outside!! xD  lmao, i was supposed to go to a tivoli but i couldnt  it doesent matter anyway
@Amygargan123 haha mark is always outside playing with muck thats why haha! you studying!? i cant  xox
in my room, think ov reasons y i dnt yet have a boyf....... 
too bad gail isnt after a relationship  dang. ah well, back to single-land. lol
I think I have a cold?! how the hell is that when its been hot?! and im stick inside doing revision 
@SuggaKxxxx                                nope not feellin 2 gd       got a fckin heat rash on ma face   
my skin is no mach against the italians'  womp womp woooomp
hiding from the sun since i got burnt yesterday   ah well, norman cooks brimful of asha is enough to cheer anyone up 
@aristeia that sucks. i am now too old to avail of any of the working holiday visas valid for australians 
just watched a full hour of varsity fc videos, its wierd knowing that theres not going to be any with @thomasfiss again 
@chevale no  I just got home and my bro conquer the tv again!  yea can't wait for the next eps!!
ma brithday was amazing ,but feel like shit 
sad cuz i dnt have proper mentors who hav my best interest n mind... 
im drinking a capri sun lol my teeth r kinda sore  cos of my retainer
@vidialdiano haah?udahan kak vidi?yaampun cepet amaaat  but nice performance,costume and hair style kak vidi..success for youu i like it!!
@stupeur a propos de la ressemblance thank u, this so flatterin' but she's way hotter than me 
@tommcfly awww that video you posted a link to earlier says its not available in england  what was it of? brazil sounds ace btw 
i was literally like passed out&amp;nobody got me up for church. i missed seeing bailey ann 
thomas and karmoon have died (and it probably had something to do with eli's poor pet-keeping), peace be upon their merry little souls. 
need to go back to sch for a wk during the sch hols..bummer 
a spider crawled down my monitor. i have this thing where i scream when i c a spider. then i tried 2 kill i, missed, dnt knw whr it went 
sitt&amp; readind every away message on dee husband page  dis twitter ish is a dub!!!
graduation and what not. damn cav's, indians,  and nuggets  i hate this cleveland curse. haha.
one of our fish died!! it was a blue cheeked sand sifting gobie - hes left a sad mate behind 
feels  for cavs!..i felt like lebron was the only one who really worked for the team..ay!..) http://plurk.com/p/xfpy5
awwww..... the talking perry the platypus toy is now unavailable on disney store online  perry's more popular than hayden kho's scandals..
is wearing a wee sundress and glads , but has to go change into stupid spar uniform &amp; go to work  . beyonce tomorrow , hasn't hit me
My room at this moment...  http://pic.im/4mo The  face is because the humidity is too low...
@Jennymac22 ahhhh itv player's being a poop. It's not working  x
@ItGirlSerena Aww ur so lucky!!!!!!. I wish i could go to all of those places to shop! 
is feeling soooo irritated, when the skies had to open up just when my mom was abt to sit in da car, and we had to cancel going out 
sean ur sad .. smokinq mushrooms 
im sick and it aint no fun.    i couldnt go to church bcuz i was coughing too much!  my chest and thoat hurts super duper oober bad!!!!!!!
last episode with lauren on the hills tonight 
@LovGloria wish that zune wasnt pink  i had a 30gb but i dropped in the toilet :-/ damn hoodie pockets!
restin at the crib!ing ome bullcrap homework 
looking at sweet trademe/ ebay deals with @foreverkid . it's a shame we can't have shopping dates irl 
@miss_tattoo I was interested! And its awesome ur giving it to bettywood foundation bc I lost family too 
@urbanexperiment assignments and projects  okok, lets settle this. hmm. you free on monday? caz i have tuition aft sch on weds and thurs.
aahh can't think of any ideas for my english story 
wiikend's too short  why does it have to end when ive finally.. ..oh well. ey net,  carlo.. where are you guys? ive got a surprise 
and now i am hungover and paying for it...bck to bed.  no twit last nite b/c i was busy having fun but also phn no serv in there 
so i actually mite fuk wit tha movie awards tonight..who knows..new car search is on since mona is totaled 
Packing seeing my niece later will miss my fam  but glad to see dh + ds
@granbajo  What happend is I have no hotel to stay in when I go see U2 
@JackAllTimeLow i would be your cuddle buddy, except for the fact that i'm in chicago 
can't believe last dirty sexy money tonight.  gutted. no more nick george boo.
jus looked in the mirror and realised i probs wont be needin blusher for a while bt will be requiring alot of concealer on my nose urgh 
ok peeps.. i've gtg.. gahh.. holiday but still got school..  neway thurs..gosh.. i'm gonna be bisecting frog.. sorry froggie!
@sallyslytherin rest those vocal cords  poor cuz. 
@steve5424 noooooooooooo I just said to my mum I'd rather have a magnum  love them
@AlexLeyton aw. Tht sucks. 
@DeannaBanana74 lol ok my ma is taking me 2 see night at the museum later i want u 2 cone but i no she wont let me 
@SweetFacePoca ohhhh no don't do it well u can always start monday I'm eatin coookies right now  http://myloc.me/2c4v
@tommcfly we made an insane plan to meet ya on may 29th, but it didn't work out cz they said some crazy fans tried to break into your van 
blah blah blah someone tell me about a supersimple superestablished incremental bayesian learning algorithm pls 
Hopes lil richie gets better after the ballon was taken out 
ohhh my lord..I just back from running. I must say it is quite warm out, and 2 miles seemed farther than it should have 
@iLadySyncere can't.  my moms on the comp &amp; my lappy updating still  wat he talkin about?
Isn't playing anymore   lol missing certain amigas!!!
No camping  fookin raining where i was going to go.
oh my. hubby just informed me our other pc hard drive may have bit the dust. all my pictures from the past year may be lost. 
ok does anyone know what agenda settings from the mccombs and shaw thingy means? 
@ggirlsocute1213 hey i cant go to church bc i have a frends confirmation dinner i wanted to gooo nd lolz i cant find my cell 
@TeeRibbzz LMaO ur such a speed demon..watch out tho I was on the jackie rob comin from queens yesterday nite n saw n overturned car  smh
@CandassTDs Studying never seems to make any difference to my mark though   pisstake! ughh I dropped French as soon as I could!
my skin is falling off  it hurts and I'm really really tired for NO reason... I'm gonna fail tommorow... pile of notes as big as my head
@fedgrub nooo  i just gave up and am going to watch tv or something haha i can;t belieeve your in miami!
grrrr...weeked was going fab until this yankee game now! 
rascal no. 1  god i hav no pics of myself under 700kb  tryin 2 figure out wat to do
I think ima get sick... my throat feels scratchy... mannn I shouda turned tht dang fan off b4 I fell asleep 
just consumed 370 calories into my body .. boo  hahaha
ughh. just got an email from my school teacher sayin print stuff for tuesday. I can't believe I have 2 go back already 
is wonderin y my pic isnt cummin up afta iv downloaded it twice! sum1 help!!!             plz            
@HollyHuddleston but I relle dnt  Lol ur a fun twitterer! 
Is out watching lil cousin perform at her dance recital &lt;3 i miss jason lots 
arg so bored mum's makeing me tidy my room  can't go in the hot tub till its done!!!!!!! 
@hiyakate  ahh kkkkz  neeee bother love x )))) on a hype for sum reeson reet shower and shave and sunday nite time brb x
I'm watchin twilight idk why lol jk haha I'm bored home alone 
layyin dOwn, thinking. idk what ta dO anymOre, yOu make my heart hurt 
if you're a harley-owning yuppie and enjoy sunday rides with your possie, stop circling my block! my hood ain't that pretty to look at! 
@juliedessler yep  ....its soooooo boring and I need to revise for history coz I have loads to revise for that..plus its boring 
darn, bec. of @kdchoi's tweets, i want to start on buffy comics as well. buffy+moore+gaiman+ghost world+persepolis+fun home = no work 
@awaisnaseer like ur theme  u designed urself ? xD
@gryffindorgal87 gah. that sucks. first class suckage.  good thing for the cds.
@sunshine_ disney xD walla im goooood al jaw today 7ada hot 
OMGG the mtv awards is soon and i cant even watch it stupid tv urgg im frusturated  -sighs- i just hope vanessa wins it all the way  &lt;33
Is mad cause i was bein lazy &amp; aint go 2 tha salon 
@EternalAegis jeff what realm do you guys play wow on. 
@roger_robach we never got to play wiffle ball 
@ms_imajin lol u tryna kill me! i'm on anti biotics... I wanted to just drink sum wine but the boo told me no 
Going swimming again cuz my older sister wants to go. I wanted to finish harry potter  oh well.
Who would of thought i would get totally burnt in scotland.. guttit for me 
heading off for revision now... still can't beleive both nadal and ivanovic are out of the french open  federer fans must be going crazy!
(@kirstin_ann) rick from ice road truckers should shut the hell up... fckin whiner.  still sick.  
@belgium11r you can come cut our grass - we'll throw ya some cash to do it - wes is still in pain 
@shellbbyyyy hahaha yeah right, he said the collection of 47 pairs I have is enough...  &quot;maybe you should get a shirt instead&quot; -papa gil.
how is it that i got a charley horse that goes from the tip of my toes to my knee? hurt like a bitch.  http://tinyurl.com/p5n3tj
hmmm i miss my friends  hayl, grego, jess d and the rest of the klan i love uu xxxxxx
@ConnorJack yea, looks great  got my vids on there  yay ;) the ads are hard now to find as only some channels show them 
Man I just got 2 dc bout 30 min sit then 4 more flts won't get done until 12 2nite 
slumbering infront of the tv,soo burnt &amp; sore 
i wish i could be sittin outside gettin a tan...  oh wait i can be!! finally got the deck furniture out! yay hw outside!
has a lot to do from now til tues  and is a grumpy gus.
wish stavros flatley had won last night  and im very burnt mint eh!!
can't believe i've developed allergies! after all these yrs of being allergy free! must be karma 4 yrs of laughin @ my lil bro's hayfever 
@china8978 What happened to yours? 
@JaMeSLeE4 answeerr meee girlyy  anyways hows the dancing goinggg, and are u still working with robin?
@brigadeiro i knooow but i cannot resist  AH8U9SDIG im stil have to buy the first 5 books of the series of detective charlie parker '-'
UGH, where are all the good places to go swimming in phoenix???? gggrrr sooo hot 
@BriaMaria grrrr.  for some reason, we think taylor and nikki would be cute together. forget about the age, but awww.? were from toronto
i wanna curl up in a ball and sleep.  mary needs to sleep.    cam hurry up and finish!
watching scream 2 and getting a phone call from a random guy asking for mr or mrs mapes and then hanging up is making me wanna be sick 
@MagicalMegatron add marijuana and youre exactly like me. come back to me. dont live so far 
@ListenToFaze dont think hes got twiter baby  but thank you  my mums nearly in tears, where stayin up itll we find him lol x
is just watched the season finale of grey s anatomy that hes been meaning to watch since forever......izzy...george 
hayfever  Also, just noticed hideous grammer mistake in previous post &quot;were&quot; ended up being WE'RE *shudder*
@AlexAlastair: i just so mad i don't undertame y ppl treat me like shit, even family.  i miss you!
@looloojoju thats what i did haha and wrapped my legs round him haha then kissed him and he kissed me back only on me cheek tho  xx
How in the world can i buy a dress before tuesday for jenna's confirmation when i have no moneys?! 
@kendraaleigh C'mon kendra...it was a joke. I am sorry if I offended you ...you probably r pretty tired. 
@zoemazza haha funny times, that was hilarious u get to the till and ur like :O what haha. sophie still hasnt texted back 
awww susan boyle didn't win britian's got talent 
@JasperluvsCasey aww, that sucks  i'm so sorry for you! btw, guess what comes out next saturday? gg last episode!! can't barely wait.
@helen418 sup dude, how's all? wishing i was still back in glasgow  although my mother made me go to keep fit while there - bad times! xx
@JasperluvsCasey aww, that sucks  i'm so sorry for you! btw, guess what comes out next saturday? gg last episode!! can barely wait.
listernin to eminem cos im kool and its hott yet again so means no sleep 
@samantharonson hm a little help please - on myspace it says mahiki at 8 and whiskeymist 11.30. ur website says 11pm and 8pm.  eh..? 
@KimKardashian its sunday and your show isn't on  i already miss it haha can't wait til ur sisters show... will u be making appearances?
interest. I kinda feel like I'm going to end up in the same category as ppl hu think sticking a photocopy in a sketchbook is gd reasearch 
@billyraycyrus hey daddy ;) (jk miley!) wooh where I am it's so ugly cuz there's a lot of garbage  have a great day daddy ;) xD (again jk)
cant wait til play practice 2moro wish i didnt have to go to jr fair board  farmgirl@&lt;3
@mookyninja ooh i've seen my chem, and i like soad...shame they split 
@litt1eminx what's wrong?  did the toros lose j/k so really what's wrong?
home cause all the hott guys left  and i was hungry :pp i got tanner!! kinda.. lol
@GMarms just gave the koreans their keys and destroyed that couch ...finally! haaaaa awwww ur legacy is gone 
I am sick of blowing my bloody nose   can't believe @dougiemcfly managed to give me his cold when I'm in england &amp; he's in bloody brazil!!
@JasperluvsCasey aww, that sucks  i'm so sorry for you! btw, guess what comes out on saturday? gg last episode!! can barely wait.
@LAMBEYgoneWILD yea i missed u  ::goes to corner n cries:: u left me all alone for the weekend wat kind of friend r u lol
you dont believe me  fine you still need to tell a story hehe
cry cry  tboyman is a mod and im not  well remember what i said? im quitting cp! i am! so uh bye!
@_CorruptedAngel you only spank me half as hard, ow no fair 
my head hurts. i want to dress like wendy for the jb concert, but i have no peter pan 
hanging out at my apt w kids.. theyre playing video games.. boys go hm in an hr 
is happy, even though she lost on double&amp;single ping pong, and badminton :| nomore goin up to the stage  but anyways P &lt;3&lt;3 
cant get motivated to walk the dog....too cold and yuk outside   
ready 4 school woop woop not  i didnt no i had this homework so i did just lyk 2 seconds ago gosh 4 sum reason im relli freaked bout 2moro
@z4nder @stu_b yeah it was nice meeting him.  @z4nder sorry i never spoke to u, u had gone b4 i had the chance to 
Wants to turn right into nick/kevin/joes arms 
@MrMcShine those movie quotes made nd giggle lol. And when we dont hav blazors i wont b able to rob everyones to keep warm nd go sleep 
@mr_mcfox I know  I didn't dvr the finale either
@elizabeth11394 awwz that's a lot!  eww.. and ur right, summer needs to get here already
goodbye lauren conrad  the hills will miss you !
@BOBBYFRESH09 its almost over   been running around got an f-ing migrane trying to get shiz done so is the hathaway rumor true?
@brooklyn_belle yeah, the virgin yoga and the hot yoga but I haven't been in a while 
legs hurt but thats my fault.. haha brown/red as fuck but its been a good weekend... back 2 work 2moro tho 
is soooooooooooooo lazy, i'm not getting ANYTHING donnnnnnnne  and s. darko was a stupid movie. i liked donnie darko waywayway better!
ughh. this penguins on the ice thing replaced taylor's dateline special 
@jessicae429  flops, however, would probably not provide adequate heel support....hmm 
@moesfalafel yup. already in the tupperware. you're gonna get fat though...i don't cook egg whites and chicken breasts alot. 
@taylorswift13 i wanna watch but i can't cuz i live in pittsburgh and there is a hockey thing on cuz the penguins are in the stanley cup 
@JKsGirlx2 i dunno - who knows if they'll ever get married now that jess&amp;joe are history! 
@ashleyluvsjbvfc i need hugs 4wm s0me vfc guys and thomas  i cant call hm a vfc guy anymore *crying* bt thanx 4 the hug..
is absolutely devestated that in approx. 32 minutes she will be saying goodbye to her bff lc for good ::tear:: stocking up on tissues 
I hate how bell tv tricks me and shows that family guy/ simpsons is on but really... Its golf...  sucks!!!!!!!
dad is back home from from london, gee thanks for bringing me something.... 
oow, kmon, ... i ... just want a break up... sorry...  i kant take this anymore
Just never be sad , becuse no bady cry for you   ..
uhmmm...home now. the fun run/walk thing was just great....especially because bridget ditched me forr ann. that doesnt feel good 
well...just got back from that run thinggg...and it was so gay because bridget ditchedd me. i guess im not special 
@GillyLiz nite nite, probs won't sleep much finace gone on holiday  and it's soooo hot
@Mileyc1fan ok, i think that i have to wait  cn u tell me the winners only?? n when miley appear, tell mw what she say haahah
blah blah blah ugh so many ppl talking to me and none of them are mickey i freakin miss him 
@JeanGrae ha ha ha! I'm just not in the mood today.  I'm trying to be cool, but I'm just not having it. Already had to curse someone out
lauren's last episode of the hills 
@BrookeHogan I am so looking forward to brooke nows best!!  I hope ur doing well and sorry about the drama that is going on with ur mom 
I'm sad cuz my other half is mad at me 
last yr fires burned by the hse we temp rented afta flood hit r hse not a good feeling when ash falls on a 30yr old dry dry redwood home 
@postsecret did u see it in disney 3d? it was mind blowing. makes me miss magic mushrooms   &lt;- that's a post secret!
@ashleytisdale http://twitpic.com/6ddox - oh! I cant see the mtv movie until the tuesday  that suck
@nerandhasdotcom u dont miss me?   btw, imma stop by ure office on mon or tues - oh and put ure stylist cap on, i need tees for the shows!
@yayKIMO ah I'm missing it, I had to leave  what's going on now? How does jake loook?!
omg i suck why do i never go on here anymore   anyways. i totally went to the gayest bar of my life. it was pretty rad. no baby 
@ScottRhodie oh hon, like a pancake or like lemonade with no bubbles? either way, that sux  hope u feel better soon, mel xxx
lmfao matt &amp; emma are legends :'] &amp; eeergh school today. fuck, i can't be bothered at all 
watching the hills, bye bye lauren 
why have people forgiven chris brown  he's coming out with an album no one better buy it or me nd jay-z will kick the shit out of u lol
*(the one, not ine, i just can't type right now!)  i need my studio done.. like whoa       
apparently south park wants miley cyrus to be sacrificed  stupid show
watching the last episode of the hills with lauren 
@tayylorrrrxoxo it won't be happening soon  i just found out that it's going to be A LOT more longer! ughh
@munkihaid yea. Even ms paris hilton has celli, mine is particularly &quot;defined&quot; this season   guess I'm gettin older
@taylorswift13 what channel is your dateline special? i cant find it 
jb and jp and nickhtl came up and sang on the space between. i think @samispoon would've liked it 
I guess thats how you gotta look at things when you get caught on a tree branch wehn your flowing in the wind. 
@acoldsky i don't really have high expectations because its pre-widlay and miley isn't with jake nor ios there a mention of zombie boy 
boring fred hollows foundation. boring science.i miss bodhi  cant forget those bright blue eyes
@jessimtv im super mad at mtv right now..there volumn was messed up thru the whole preview of the new hills    
@alliegirl97 yeah thx it was x17 and they just had the red carpet..the mtv site doesn't allow access to where i live 
@tswizz hmmm. does he have parabola? I can't get that song anywhere. 
@stinaleighbee sara stayed home today cuz steve got super ill  
I need a drink!!! Fck, fck, fck! 
WOAHH miley didnt win?!?  Ashs ok..but miley shouldaa won no doubt
*cries( i dont get mtv  booo!!! i love you baby &lt;3 always
hope kristen stewart doesnt win anything for twililight,, shes a good actress, just not a good bella 
@katieeeian143 aww dont say that, thats sooo sad, i'm going to have to take a picture of our paper of our family on the back wall! 
rob isnt sitting next to kris  i think shes a few seats down
is so mad that shes gunna miss the hills finale cuz of work!! grr 
my cats fucking peed in my bed &gt; I am so pissed and tired and upset. what a nice way to end a crappy weekend 
is still missing her family terribly!! wants to cry for how much she misses her babysis!  shes growin up without me!! &lt;tornBTWN2lves&gt;
I cant hear the volume though  ughh idk how to fix it lol
feels forgotten  damn it... why wont he call?! http://plurk.com/p/xi0vj
@bet33 ya! it's so annoying. the whole wedding in the hills was muted. I was so maddd 
@eddiesdabomb im kidding man wow u have to be so mean  bark bark lol can i borrow 15 bucks please? lol
@Karlay89 i was invited but juuuust got back from a shoot in nyc so i couldn't have gone! so awful 
@helloxcodiee it does!&amp; idk if i should wear my jstar fml shirt,cupcakes taste violence or my brokencyde 
@bpe_dj_pat I kno rite....n y I juz missed it 
i met a hot guy and then i had to leave  he iz stll next door tho
if i cld take back this bs a** wknd i wld. nothing tht happened ova the wknd is worth i way i feel now.  
My tan from today's swimming turned into sunburn!  but @djneilarmstong bbm'd me so I feel better haha thanks kuya neil!!
@Kornglish sadly, prob not  dtrix posted that he was teaching a class @ quest tonite.. so i guess they just went to the red carpet &amp; left
@EmilyNatanya  *cries* So youre not coming?
@DOLLFACEDYME99: @DAELEGANTMISS: im afraid to walk out my front door. the men are not gonna look like what i saw in the queen city 
ray your the one who called me a stick in the mud  hahaha
@tiffany_nicole yeah...I hope so, not answering my calls, she and her man broke up rather messily 
@xo_amanda_xo I think I may be allergixe to something but I am not to sure as of yet. This is the 3rd weekend in a row tho... 
edward!!!!!!!!!!! dont leave 
i got every tv on tuned into my band... there's a lil bit of a delay in the office 
i seriously need to hurry up and get a blackberry an get in wid da movement! damn i feel sooo alone in twitte-land 
drag me to hell was out of control and so was synecdoche new york although that was a tad better...tampa tomorrow 
@killab10 omg yes friend  ima need all your info email pin # cell # alll of it broke friday ! on vaca ive had no phn!!!
@KCtweets  I'm a smart cookie hon... I already got all that ;) But I'm not intersted in her like that... She's a lil too young for me 
about 2 leav 4 skl  bboooorriinnggg!!!!!!!!!! owell i get 2 c my mates again!!
fml. &quot;hes my space travelin relbel,&quot; damnit, i got kirk from star treck  
@iamwaveyk yu aren't wavey for leaving me with sasha salchia alone 
paris hilton's my new bff season 2 looks soo good/funny!!! oin to bed now thinking of how thomas fiss is no longer a member of vfc!! 
hate ta say it but i am really very disappointed about the new moon trailer! tear... 
@melster_yo yea I kno I was like ur going way overboard. It's not my fault my computer was malfunctioning  does dennis wake up early?
so im going thru the comp deleted old pics&amp;I just found a whole folder of just me&amp;my now ex-bestfriend&amp;it makes me wanna cry a little bit 
@ValerieAnn14 omg no way!! The for reals one? Haha lol dude my comp is too far  dont want to get up im so comfy
@souljaboytellem im no longer soulja's friend.. he's fittin a lose a follower 
@mitchelmusso omg ! someone has leaked you album on youtube, so bad,  will your cd come out in australia ? i hope so 
@diddyrundacity dont think i 4got about u, im just stuck in da crib wit the flu 
@TESTfrumPG I was sending to many @replies  lol..I reached the limit..smh..ima just start tlkn to yall on yahoo or something..=/
so fucking sad  1st losing my phone then getting the wrong straightner from the room..ugh i'm 4 secs away from crying no lie
watching britains got talent on yt, too bad susan didn' t win i' m really hoping she will 
the last episode of gossip girl 2morrow 4eva  will chuck admit his love for blair??
@Taylorgotbeats I know  sorry, ermm nah nothing new except the weathers warming up over here lol; i just really need to get mre organized
@felytan yesss so do i, ima total geek for twilight, november is so long 
just going to scool, got maths abd p.e    soooooo tired!
envelope is a funny word...its 3:24 n tha morn nd for some reason i kant sleep  shulda went to the grad party but i was tired then.oh well
@cynthia_123 no one wants to follow me...that I know  hahaha so hurt
I don't like amitab &amp;aamir rejecting Australian honours,that's not the way to show ur feelings 
dying to watch all the hills episodes. somebody lend me a cd 
@Gromrigan my hair doesn't look like a mistake tho, rt? I'm sorry for ur friend if they hated the color!! 
jus got home from the gucci mane carshow after party. I seen a dude get beat to sleep omg it was so sad.......(7 laughs)  i hope he's ok.
@trpilot oops  then u should go and try to have fun to change ur mood
@VNess81 weekend was interesting :oS but ok.. want to be in the garden soaking  up the sun today tho, stuck in office  miss u too!!! xxxxx
shares http://tinyurl.com/n7nh7v  (forgotten...again...)   http://plurk.com/p/xku95
homework  why god why ?! hahah
@ImTooSara i totally forgot to put @ on my last tweet about ricks tv being too loud. lol. but yeah, it was meant for you. i cant sleep. 
@hobosexual also it's not letting me on at all fml  i needed to go to bed anyway, ILUSM.
im mad lauren left the hills..lol who invites a spring fling to a wedding.. tell me why was bartender stacy at speidie's wedding. 
awwwww why cant i upload a pic of me  &quot;thats a nice picture&quot; screw you twitter i want my pic to be seen!!!
i'm very sad coz my idol didn't reply to me  i'm really off to bed...i think. hahaha. night guys! sweet dreams )
@tylermassey no kingfisher  btw...like ur cover of pancho &amp; lefty...also thought it funny that ur mom thinks u inspired neil young...lol
@random_bloke hahaha!! oooh.. what if it retaliates and shuts down altogether!!? then there's NO chance of a caff hit 
@paperclipface good, good! I bet yours doesn't suck as much as mine, though! I wrote my 1st fight scene; my charries usually run away 
hahahaha my babys truck died  the dumbass didnt get an oil change... i love him so much and dixie and bianca aha...
@sabby2104 dude check out the stuff people got atl. god. what do we get them now? and jack signed boobs now thats unfair!  lol
i miss my kitty; i dont even want to go home because i wont have my cuddle buddy anymore   no more sneaking her food. sign im sad 
i miss my kitty; i dont even want to go home because i wont have my cuddle buddy anymore  no more sneaking her food. sigh im sad 
too bad darla couldnt stick around to see all of it and practical magic. 
@ddlovato  you still cant sleep?? btw i love ur music and style and ur so pretty 
I need a break,but haley doesn't want to sleep. 
@hellobaos no la! from writing random stuff. got a 4pgs article to write still. bejeweled's to relax. ha. but bad score 
still missing survey questions.  @nic_leah no you must take me to socceroos too 
aghh... dnt want to study,bu must.....wana b outside in my pretty dress in da sun....  xxx
uh at my grans for one week. mum and dad are away to spain  so wont be updatin as much, theres no wi-fi here and my grans comp is slooooww
@Nyathiri Nzisa says R100 p. body splash.use exchange rate.mum can send 2mo,am hecka broke so.. been swamped with no internet 2.hard wknd 
Now my mac jst punished me for not turning It off for over 2 months by going all blank screened, I had loadsa tabs dammit!! Now to reboot 
@begthehobo LOL, yeah, the intuos is... the bamboo is around $200?  lol, jas &amp; i still cant afford it   how bout a gift voucher?
omg! new moon trailer!! luv it but... 1. should have been more jacob etc cause hes basically the whole thing 2. wish it was longer 
omg the kiss scene in new moon! need i say more? (swoon) i want an edward cullen 
My throat is sore guess no singing for a while  dang it. i wanna wear my blue jeansssss baby
off to take pictures of maia's lego city creation. LOL. #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila #mcflyinmanila PLEASE 
@rakelgerero i need to find something else hahaha we just had our recital! woohoo! p.s. that june deadline came a little early 
 dont think ill be going to the @katyperry concert.
@nova_caine bwah! in 13 days? well we've got the car but no licence boo  Might as well cycle...hmm actually....
@weistudio nah..its just rented place. cant avoid the aircons. no outlet for the water. no choice, need long piping 
@xbllygbsn edinburger? . a knoow..  aye true..but still :$. idk whether to take money out for ny aswell as to go to yours..or take
@criminalkitten Not my b'day yet - next monday, but it's a fucking saga... I wish no-one remembered when I was born 
@markcrosby  oh, and if its your gut you're trying to shift then it is lbs, cos its lbs of body fat 
shit  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8076848.stm I had a bit of a sad faraday moment
lovin the sun!!! feels hotter in scotland today! enjoyed too much millers in the garden last nite tho!. head all fuzzy!!! 
@Saaamm lol ok...jackson does all his own stunts and ofcourse was throw by rob into a piano. which was crushed  x
nearly knocked myself out, think its guna bruise 
ugh, i feel sick!  probly bcus of my hardwork lol i hate cold. mines getting worse. nd m loosin my voice, *shocks* what do i do on friday?
oh crap...jst broke my headphones  now only the left ear works...do the tragedys ever end??
my pc is broken. i guess i have to borrow my ate's laptop or my kuya's pc..boohoo! 
confesses that she doesn't know how to cook  http://plurk.com/p/xm2i1
@dadafoo haha coz i was waiting for my don don box hehe but now tht it's here the clock is back to normal 
learn some universitiy stuf... 
@GlennTwins hey homies! did yall hear bout chavez 
my burnt arm hurts  im an eejit &quot;i dont need suncream jen im fine thanks&quot; grrr
omg. an air france flight (rio-paris) simply disappeared on its way to france. no one knows what happened. 
@syazita yo yo. still in shock re:rafa.  argh just when i thought i'd sit down, relax, watch rafa and be happy during these times.. sigh.
oh great. we have the wrong order of discs :/ this is gunna take ages to sort out 
@billyraycyrus  its hard to be happy when ur stuck in wv with no money to move back home! 
maths exam tomorow, grandad died  grr life sucks atm!
good morning!  closer and closer to *normal*.  ya-hoo!  got errands to run though...taking my sicko machine to the doc.  
@kyle270 haha aw baby  i'm sorry  i feel awful now  hope your ok love you x
physio: 'you could be looking at up to 2 yrs to regain full sensation in yr leg' - oh just great! 
fifa09= crap a.i. how the hell am i mean to take a free kick with my own players standing infront of me!!!!! 
chillaxin in da sun (no drk 2day  lol need 2 detox lmao)...holiday tym soon cum yeyah....roll on 8th july woop woop
christine is moving out of the apartment and taking the internet with her so no more twitter  wont have internet for a while so txt me
....worth a shot lol  sigh. i need someone generous and rich like, erm, richard branson to be following my twitters...LOL
cant wait to c mtv movie awardzz n n the hills finally  finale epo
@whatsergem i lus 4 akhni. remind me agen wen we eat that man's akhni our tummies pain. or wen ma makes it pap. cos jhb doesnt have akhni 
@justinmccall becoz u are the hip and happening dude and u know all the hot spots in durbs... but u took so long on a hillcrest spot 
@robrousseau youthgames.tv does not work my friend  ypu need like passwords and shiz 
oh dear fatality at watford junction this morning  but my train is alright.
loving the sun! =] ..........worried about INdy tho!! :S poor cat gotta have a blood transfusion 
feels really gross, but has to go and open the store and work till roy gets there at 4. booo 
i'm  not aloud to watch tv cuz emma is studying! and maury is on  and i'm to sick to go anywhere.  and all my friends are away places 
@fring okay, let me rephrase that: finally a new samsung version, bec. mine is from 10/08, and that's the newest one. 
@lexx_ington wow that last frown failed...heres another 
@artfanatic411 b/c she wants it to happen just as much as tara. her mom told me that tara has been saving her change to go on one 
envy pepi for she got a lovely bf who knows how to treat his gf on pms period!lucky you,darla.. 
@3LittleMonsters i will have to wait till later to see the trailer too   gotta get kiddos ready to leave and get outta here!
@funkylovin i will have to wait till later to see the trailer too  gotta get kiddos ready to leave and get outta here!
finally got onto the computer freakin people b bo-gaurding the internet! lol blah sleep then diamond bar for dim sum &amp; cue pixs then work 
@Hend_xo sortaaa, bend, exams, friends on some yt peeps .. 
@LaurenConrad yah the audio at the ending was all messed..not nice  missed the end on whats happening in the fall..
@leeashburn poor baby  are you ok? saving up our monies now and getting tickets in november, ok? but i will get two ticks and a hotel room
Just been for a cig break, listening to calvin harris in the sun, i didnt want to go back to work 
cant help but keep an eye on that spider in the livingroom - scary  and theres noone in the house to get rid of it *cries*
awh last psych class. ms baker cried  ima miss this classss
i feel like walking round circular quay with a starbucks coffee and a friend. sounds good, but won't happen. fark. 
is out in the sun with my laptop , college 2morro tho  gonna be stuck indoors when its proper nice out 
is going too work in a min  doesnt wana go.. download like 10days away grr so annoying waiting still wishes i could take @diana_music :p x
just saw the last episode of the hills with lauren 
cant find pokemon movie anywhere in my house 
babys sick  3 perscriptions! poor little guy. we might not be able to  fly!
@lilrainbow89 Aww dont gooo.. hope your around later  xxx
on the plane despite an unannounced gate change  should I try to read dr faustus till I can turn the ipod on? maybe italian...
im kinda prone to dropping a tear during sentimental movies. im a man i can admit it. shouldnt have watched the bucket list 
@yasmindhindsa it hasn't worked for a bit now then, I had massive probs with it too  good luck btw, u don't need ranger when ur a genius!
@danielle_kelley I'm at 30 weeks - in the home stretch.  I just dont think the baby realizes this because I'm still getting sick - bleh 
@miamii yeaaaah but i bet the edward fanbase like splits in half cause half of the edward lovers havnt even read the books 
@mistressofcheez yay im a purple butt mohawk.. na yea i saw some of the show..it was really sad..specialy the kid tlking bout his rents. 
 BOSS marah coz i steal a few puff......
@funhouse_ ohh i wna join u  im stuck in bloody work insted ov enjoying all the sun grrr xx
-my phone screen is starting to peel a little  i nvr took the orig plastic off. do they sell shit like that anywhere? i want another 1 lol
is in need of coffee  http://plurk.com/p/xo9nj
@JohnDonvanNL hey we are all taking a hit, i drive gms off the ship @ the port 
@gfalcone601 ahaha revel , i just had some revel's, its such a gorgeous day, im sunburnt though  xx
@gfalcone601 its soooo hot isnt it! was stuck in school  eughhhh. xx
at  the lib doing homework  but on the brightesttt side... omfg new moon trailer!!!!!!
gunna go out soon but i wish i was going horseriding tonight its soo nice and i miss riding really bad  xxx
@jordanknight can u send some of that heat to the bean?its chilly in june  sooo not right!
cant be bothered to get a starbuckss if my sis was here get it for me I MISS HER!!! i feel sooooooooo        feel like upset
@MinaRawr well this is true..  sorry love. You need to come stay with me ;D @Thfanvee woot woot!
@FilmFreakFranco @ohapey omg so i freakin totally had a dream about the two fo you. i dont remember what went down but it wasnt good. 
My ickle baba has finally crashed out, think she doesn't like the heat 
@kateyy__ yepp haha i only sat in the sun for a few hours and didnt think i was burning but omg haha its made me throw up aswell  ta xxx
@john_hannon @xabbott yeah we made it out of p1 a few times.  next hurdle was to have range dps the crushers  heard p3 was tanknspank.
@natalieannex ooh giant buttons sound good, i had a mini frozen mars bar and diet coke (Y) i hate revision its official, it sucks  xx.
@KidCranberry LOOOOOL its jus one of those days when i wish i didnt hav 2B female....actually...nm thats everyday... 
lily allen is on jimmy kimmel show, this bloody british looks cute on that short hair, mine is awful 
scotty is at the vets getting stitches  I'm in bed dealing with the fact I can't see you @chathre
@sailaways Yes. I kept saying to my mom, a plane can't just disappear. How could that happen? Sounds like sci-fi...   
Absolutley loving this weather ! I don't wana be home doing assignments !  .
hi karen-no danny  i did see a danny look a like! lol.
@FullSignull ya  I can run crysis 1 at 70+ fps no problem, yet I fear cryengine 3
@mrryangraves Hope your drive out east is going good for you guys...give me my katie back, i miss her already  LOL
where can i watch the mtv awards    gotta catch that sexy mr.pattinson.
tweeting afta so many days... feeling sad coz my lappy is sick  wish i cud do sthing...
@laalanthika yehh sum1 else is, annoyin she did a gd job 2  wiv twilight  mtv awards 2nyt- u gna watch em? x
revision for american hist is gd, for surfacing is ok, for lenin is bad and for psych is very bad  lol
@ProjectMayhem69 i know jones  oh well i got quite a haul at a-kon picked up shin chan 6 dnd books some dice a board game and some shirts
@claireyjonesy no idea where tht is  I fancy him! Loool I've seen him b4 so its no biggie....;) have fuuuuun xoxo
@officialemily gutted hah! have you watched episode 5  what happens?
@travisMTV so when r u offivially leaving ny  everytime I go I hope for an accidential run-in
tryin' to do some online bill payin' but i always forget my info 
no prob @nemosocean ur awesome. @TALENTEDGENIU5 ... the hokie pokie is just a dance       Thats what it's all about 
omg spongebob is on and i didnt realise! :O shock horror, as much as i'd rather watch hannah montana, my mum has hogged the TV 
Still no luck on tha plane they cant find it nowhere so sad my heart n prayers go out to all tha familys 
Is about to go see her dentist again  but I just had a really good chat with the bmflaykib so I'm happy ;D he's gay but cool ;) lmao.
@wx4svr still dont know short man on why you keep having seizures at random times for? 
oh.my.god.  everyone please look at perez hilton and watch spencer pratts rap video! i dont think it could be any worse! so funny.so bad. 
I'm talking to this boy that I might like, but the date isn't til friday oh nos  Here is me and a filing cabinet. http://twitpic.com/6eufr
on air pillow is makig me play len  loving the show though- im actually sounding clever for once!
@ColdHearted19 good and alright thanks and no  the papers arent saying anything atm cant believe he survived falling then getting hit.
ok so now im a lil fustrated:: ::i cant get my pic to uplead anymore...  i tried to change browsers, cause i use chrome...but nope luck
@BeantownMike i'm a kobe fan 
@jloz41 i dont see dex on your friends  dont be messin wif my head
@tifftiff621 hmm, just realized it's 11. I have to be at school at 12. and I have a 45 min drive  ouch. I'll chat when i get back.
@_OliviaDotCom ehm i was soaking up some more rays and now i am being a maths geek. 
@Gooddogz @pitbull_fan76 that even appears to look like a cond. +P with jellybean - bad enough that I make the interrupting noise 
the reral bsimone is in tha building is anyone excited.....?...no?...ok  lol
@uh_club i lose. 
@msalanaP no doy sistah! I finally made an appt for tomorrow to have them looked at. Ughhhh they hurt sooooo much! 
funny how i complaind so much about everyone bein in my space tht now im alone... i have no one to go to the store for me 
im aawake now but im not ready 2 start packin....need sum helping hands 
My mom just gave me a card that said happy 21st! I'm 20.  ha
@paouu everyones been like, geez joss grow up its not THAT exciting...  well i guess i'm still a kid at heart.
@missmrk oooo yay for ff!  cant wait to read!  lol aww bet theyr all having a blast! awww boo to no one on the forums  xxxx
@vonilicious *dances* you bet we'll have fun... so much fun... *dreams...* aah thats a million yrs from now 
Studying, and angry and sad and missing the jonas brothers and demi lovato  everything's bad here, right here... 
@katttttie ahhh katie thats my favourite film i bubble all the way through varnie espesh at the last letter  xx
the dream is marrying my baby christina milian?????wtf???damn I gotta step my beat game up if that fat skinny nigga can pull that  lol
@fiofo I just don't have the money to go any further than cardiff, it's horribly frustrating. It's stupid to be mad I know but bleh. 
@beckyhope oooh .  you are very welcome, anytime becks 
I wanna hug elmo. How comes @johnmayer gets to hug elmo. It's not fair. The world is no fair 
@UrbanDecay411 heath ledger but that won't happen  so I say johnny depp in crybaby
@KrisAllenmusic haha it looks good! I juts hate how fake the animation looks, like when hes a wolf.. 
I wanna hug elmo. How comes @johncmayer gets to hug elmo. It's not fair. The world is no fair 
@Captin_cookie thats okay its not ur fault lol its jus wierd like the week after she would have gone 
@FrizzyJ2 that would've been cool. But nooo...we had to turn around cuz we had no clue where we were and we ran out of our straight road. 
@LiZz_KaUlItZ hey miss leopard print. i wanna see you today  this is what happens when u tell ur mom ur doing your resume! love you babe
@lcreck not the swine flu if dats wat u thinkin my tummy hurts 
the best friend is around on wednesday and we were menta be going to the cinema, but my mum wont gimme any money  *crys*
Someone send me 'who are you now' - this prov. I can't get the whole album,only the bonus tracks    louiise-x@live.co.uk   ty(:
@dangerxbunny ty, I guess I can't get it anymore at work...sigh sorry fb peeps, it will have to wait till I get home 
@_la_rochelle i bet ;) im kinda upset now coz she got kicked off the cheerleading squad coz she couldnt do a backfilp  are you still ill?
feels like I lost a good friend, its jus wierd but hey u live, u learn, ur sad and u move on!!!! 
is in benidorm, last night  met some amazing, and fir friendss hahaha!!! gunna miss them soo much, mite even cry    nice sun tan tho ...
@kearney1611 but someone said fred bowers doesnt do fifa sorry babe 
aww  well, at least you got to go to her concert! buti want to meet her sooooooo bad  where did you find the info?
levi has a fear of counting numbers...   #fb
ian crawford quit the cab  so sad.
@hollywouldntphl drunk dialed 3 girls i don't even like. oh! and i told off the owner of the bar i go to a lot last nite 
@Iamlegend01 sry if u found the pic offensive  x
My mom wouldnt let me get a pink blingy color for boy miley! 
gotta go tweets, im tired  gettin the next 2 days off school to go shoppin though so il will tweet tomorro nitee xo
cnt watch that shit  i dnt get that kinda tele control lol, micky dnt like anything celeb based ...no e! lol alone time tho!
@disko_d its late. im leaving my house. my brother didnt friggin come right back home like he PROMISED!  so im on the fence ab comin over
@burned yeah everything works on the compaq mini. just the school factor. u know how school can be so anti open source esp in the uk 
woooo lalalaa i watch tv with my sister and don't do anything  Why i'm not a star ? why i have not soo a beautiful voise? hmm...i'm sad 
I can't find the reno 911 new boot goofin youtube anymore  anyone know where I can watch it? It changed my life!
@bekasaur nope  my sky box still won't come on and i can't downstairs cos my dads watching a film &quot;/
@MaryPatKasravi hahaha! I've just lost one more...I'm not a pop person anymore. 
So excited for blink!!!!!  But mad bc my bro is going but I can't  so he better get me something!
@theskorpion i don t remember, I'm happy now LOL &amp; a late msg back 
@MSpicy Didn't mean to put u in tha same sinking ship I'm in! 
oh noesss my phone is dieing  im ganna kill myself!!! being in this class room with no phone fml.
@cath_lee v.interesting article. didn't realize half of that stuff about her. It must be impossible for her right now 
@MissKatiePrice You shouldn't need to keep justiffying yourself  You also looked stunning hun at the clothes show. hope your well xox
She waz crying saturday..  I cryed with her.... I miss the times that it seemed like evrything waz perfect,,love,life,,,dreams
@msvicious aw jesus beth i am SO sorry  i cant begin to imagine how your feeling. did it just come on all of a sudden?  *hugs*
i not seen him since xmas  ere how do u get the talk thing to hav both are names when doin this on a phone? anyways u luv my little baby
i wish i had a sister. i want someone like that    u cant compete with that. boo. new orleans soon!!!!
I miss my lil poopie  she's bn gone 4 days now. can't take it n e more. gtta go gt her *tear*
@amandaisaturd no ian on what happens in vegas  he's my favorite    
@tracecyrus plz dont fall in love with tokyo and never come home 
just saw new moon trailer. almost weeed my pants. fuck. that's exciting. but I'll miss edward. 
is not to long home from swimming, got my foot hurt sooooo bad!!  ily &lt;3
@gg_the_undead crossed posts, that is *exactly* what first came to my mind, too 
jus hate c n otha people sad n dwn. makes me feel bad. had 2 tell sum 1 da truth 2day. now they sad puppy face n all. im like daaaamn son 
@kevleitch do ball caps &amp;sunglasses help at all??  jst curious as i can imgne how dffclt this is, u hve my smpthy, luv summer 
h e a r t b r o k e n . my sidekick lx is brokeen    the trackball wont click or anything. okaay , its official . my life is ending . lol
ew at fat mexican kids hitting on me thinking i'm a lesbian. 
I want to play scrabble, &amp; everyone's being a big ball of pansy's. @srslycolette? @erichalvorsen? @starbucks? @rememberholly? @CUJO? 
@mmh_carla i'm sorry! i had to go to my lessons.. now I'm doing a portuguese homework, very boring..  and ya?
i officially have a crush on dwayne johnson (the rock) even though hes way older than me...oh well!!!!... dimples are my weakness! 
Why oh why am I unable to open links on the bb with opera mini 
i lost all the numbers in my phonee!  sooo give me yoo numbaaass #fb
Cough getting worse after breif reprise, currently struggling to breathe wishing I had an O2 mask and lots of morphine  nn
@meganlucinda you did indeed, i was jealous  i'ma steal mike 
REally freaking sleepy! im at the airport waiting for my trip to manila! ugh tummy hurts going to cry in the corner  hehehe!
@stephanna49 lol noo mr. berst didnt read us the play ::(( ..   ohh and lol.. confirmation..  yeaa,, poor quinton, i feel so bad 
After the fiasco with comcast last wkend - all  attempts to move to a competitor are not that feasible. How is this NOT a monopoly??? 
omg I can't believe little people big world got replaced by this new show called little couple  w/e atleast jon&amp;kate is still on today
@georgiababi sorry  lol its nt shit. its cool :] its cos i have no friends on here. hows study leave?? lucky peeps!
i'm gunna cry when asher &amp; kay kiss in fame  better yet, i'll close my eyes.
fuck fedex for ruining my evenings with kt 
i can't believe ian crawford quit the cab  i'm really sad.
I just had a mommy melt down at this store because kye threw a fit and started kicking and screaming and omg it was horrible 
@saluteABADbytch ouch! and to think i was bout to compliment ur default pic   lol
@s0l_uk - ahhhh then u would have to have sky    the only reason we have sky is cos my mum pays for it lol
everytime my kids go out of town my mother &quot;employs&quot; me to do chores around her house. im 29 yrs old and i don't wanna. waaaah 
wish i was as sexy as jacob black  ahahah jusssssttt playin. cause i'm pretty hot. haha
http://twitpic.com/6fl7y boooo I pulled a string. an important string. and now my shirt is no bueno. 
This awesome dude just gave me free food at a/w. He mustve realized the prices are too high. 10 more mins leftt on my 15 min break.. 
Woops, best get to sleep. English lang in the morn  xo
im at my buds house till my moms out  of the hospital she had a 20-30 pound tumer in her belly 
@vicious696 sounds like ur off to a bad start at ubi! 
@marrrrv that song reminds me of lucas.. 
@billbathgate yer my computer went gay and it restarted sorry  xoxo
pray for the people that was at air france rio-paris 
@claire_sf Just got fired  I feel so bad....damn the economy.
@vasbestkept my big sis lives in atlanta.  say hi to my nephews n my niece wen u go. i miss dem soooooo much...
Last da of seventh period theatre  a certain someones yearbook entry made me cry in front of the school....
@livebachelor still at work! im goin 2 miss all the fun 2nit! will have watch the dvr when i get home and catch up on all ur tweets 
@Dannymcfly   awww tweetie!! i just watched vids bout ur visit to mexico...i'm so sorry bout of 40 principales &quot;gig&quot; , feel blue  ..xD
bummed that theres no bush camp 
bummed that theres no bush camp 
@gillianbanton xbox at camp anyway. one way or another i WILL play that game though! i'm too hot it's disgusting  waa waa waa lol xxx
what happens in vegas... is sold outtttttttt!?!? NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! good bye the cab 
@primegecko rofl.  disney is a personal favourite.  I'm crying inside that he didn't invite me 
gunna miss my homeroom  I'm  for sure gunna crie tmrw. I know sounds wierd...
checking out rebecca weiss... nothing I haven't seen before.... didn't knock my socks off. 
@anikainlondon @kirstiecat gargh  i did give away all my patrick wolf moo cards, the crotch shot was well received
@ToniRaquel its the one where jt dies  
In milpitas @ hot pot city.. Wtfack? Cyns makin me food kus idk how!!  fail.com!
@sarah_J_allen @foodiePrints grab that stylist - great prices.  Getting mine cut tomorrow for over a 100% more.  
@debbiedeezy yeah she was.. but do what? and we're going to have that sub on june 11 
Has a headache why....mayb cuz i wish a certain person wld call or txt me right now buuuut I know 4 a fact he cant 
@waterlungs what do i win? idgi  whatever it is, i'll pretend it's a grammy...
My stubby lil arms are too short for my long sleeves  - http://tweet.sg
as i said i missed evryting  dammit  why cnt i b a lil' bit luckier with madina lake?? **
@LauRenxExCarter  I hope she comes thru cuz she needs to be a supporter of the relationship
@nicolelouisej lol good call on the D thing, me and paula are sitting by yourselves  lol just saw gaz run to school, shes late hah
@Glopup hannah is peeling right now from her very first.   She hadsuntan lotion with her and didn't use it.  
I didnt find the baseball but i found a ruler , to bad i cant use it now 
@SHEEmusic i co-sign that, 24 is my fav show ever, im already missing the crazy pple on there 
is pissed she missed the first 30 mins of i'm a celebrity get me out of here  &amp; fliping between that &amp; jon &amp; kate &amp; intervention...nerrrrd
@mileycyrus don't worry miles I'm pretty shore my tennis teacher thinks that aswell  ohwell we try xxx
@scotty_mcc aww.  3 months?! no way. I'MFREAKINGGONNAMISSYOU!!!&lt;3333333
@pmisbeasty ima have nightmares about that now  curse you!
@fhillypino21 idk mannnnnnnn.... i think tis my fault.. 
i also  need to add that such girls are hard to find bc most are loudmouth bitches  so new friend...come find me?
@almostlikesushi OMGGGGGGG but u have to wait on ebay right???? just buy from retail!! damn my credit card! i maxed it 
wants a lip ring so bad D:  and is pissed cuz of my stupid mom and grama 
@wasp6  nope dont have the data/web plan i want it but cant afford it right now 
@kellyandco watching kate and eight minus jon?? Lol....i dont understand them anymore...feel so bad for those kids 
@Aybarz 428...wait 429 ... k fine be that way, i was just gunna apologize for crossing the line ! but that was meaner than ever ! no tims 
@shane_o_mac i knowzzzz  it ruins my life. for realz. i chat too much for 140 characters!
mmmmm pa says my room has to be blue once again  
@ddlovato .. be responsible when 911 comes.. lol. so i didn't get the $50  ahaha.
why wont these helicopter chop chop thingys play with me!? 
@Reccasprincess nope no internet at home till the 4th wen the cable guy comes to hook it up... 
Watching planet earth with atisha, josh, jake, zoey and emma hollly shit a baby thing just got eated 
There's an awesome swing band and my swing partner no esta aqui 
my kitten bella got 3 stitches today  on my babe's bday nontheless.. hope it was a good weekend anyway tho, love you! @jclark82
@paris_b ugh. rude ppl are everywhere.  where's the manners?
@christinkreml uh ya, illustrator ALWAYS crashes!! you have to get into the habit of saving after every step..sucks you lost your designs 
@patriciaface yea meeee toooo pshhhh i can't believe i had to write it all over again what if it's not as good????????  get over him lady
@kellbell68 i love using duct tape ill do it friday!!! when we play corn hole .... i do have class  bam umm n plx kiss me
@lifes_beauty:haha, hes alright...shes about to give him a bath then they are leaving me! 
Is still feeling down becuz the lakers and not the nuggets are in the finals   ...lol
2 dr appointments tomorrow... possible spinal tap to see if theres an infection  then seeing a dr for my kidney stone(s). im nervous..
seriously i know im a crying bitch but its 4.30am and i literally cannot sleep cos of this thing in my mouth! i need sympathy plz 
wishes she could watch conan. got finals  i'm a celeb sux btw
idk what i did to my pinky, but it's bothering me 
im in doghouse, mommi found shoe I 'Rockerised' n she dont like it... she say shoes cost 200 dollars..they look betta now..she dont agree 
@JonathanRKnight lost my oldest brother dec 27, 2008 i dont wish that pain on anyone   gotta live it up 2morrow is not promised
ew  damn you tonight show. damn you for ruining my dream of seeing conan in new york. ill go cry myself to sleep now.
wow spencer pratt for sure just admitted the hills is fake  now its official it makes me sad 
:o lincoln won't buy an original xbox so I can play oogie boogies revenge!  someone find it for me on ps2
@inkt_angel to her yr a kid &amp;'l never be different..she's more than 50 years older than u, and she's old skool. I know it sill sux tho 
@mileycyrus awe what's wrong  I'm sorry....wht didn't go so well?
@lchelsea omg i never saw the wedding dress quote on ur wall but i LOVE IT. and i see you had a far walk  oh no!
Aww i dont know if its aiden but that little guy is seriously awesome, hes such a future gayi want to adopt him too 
i'm sad that conan isn't in nyc anymore.. 
dont let my text fool you, i am sick as a dog right now, 
in 1 hour (kinda late right? nah) i'll b watching a movie call apt pupil 1 of my fav's ones! R.I.P bradley boy 
So the lump I gotta get cut out is 4.3cm long. 2.2cm deep and 2 cm wide. It's gunna hurt. 
Ugh haz headache--- someone plz assist 
@jordanknight ur brother started a pandemonium over here... we need ur randomness. . . now ~ wake up! pls? 
@adam_kent  he asked me if i understood my job &amp; if some training was needed  but yeah pure jane version, not much hiss...just bleating..
jus fell in love with a chanel bag i can not afford!-- sumbody got about 3 grand i can borrow 
@chrishasboobs chris :/ give me one of ur speeches I need one  I'm feeling down
is anywon guna buy lollies off me? im fundraising for my trip 2 aussie. $1 bags. woah deja vu. anyway. i hav only sold 2 and eaten 2. 
@abhishek It becomes tremendously borrrrring after a while cuz u gotta cook ur own food! Aarrrgh! 
@KLoop83 pretty much everything right now. message me on myspace cuz the mobile version for this blows. i gotta do some work here 
@insearchofnkotb - come 2 australia &amp; cry with me  mean jonathan knight, mean!!! 
@arandomfemale ther is a realy gud cuban restaurant n lebanese one but dont remem the names  n my friend is in portugal so i cant ask him
@catoblepas i will fall in love with a blonde mel gibson and my pets will chew on your leaves, sorry about that 
feelin like a zombie searching fot travel bottles. soo tired and still need a shower too. ride to the airport wont be fun 
god i need a cig 
I'm not really down with conan taking leno's spot... 
 dumb kyle i @him but doesnt have me on his updates
@Cookleta @blacknight010 okayyyy i have 2 go to sum boring relatives  gotta get dressed b4 mom comes...take care luv ya sleep tite byeee
@GericaQuinn yeah very akward i got my hopes up when glee said someone is leaving tru directiond-i was like yay kev+leave=nlt back lol 
@brightflashburn lmfao, he totally is! and he loves everyone.  he's like, the kind of fat edward cullen of the dog world!
2 many assessment tasks i think im going to collapse with exhaustion lols soz for being so melodramatic..just a lil stressed 
@dreamrevelry eek! I've done that once before - not on twitter though. Luckly i didnt get harassed. no one likes me i guess 
@JonathanRKnight plz jon!no more bad news  u break my heart..thx for being 2gether again&amp;comeback to my life,really give xtra strength!
@carlysha uh yea i'm jealous too. thats where the concert was. and it was a game preview too. 
Anyone wanna b cool enough to help me fall asleep, everything I've done is obviously not freakin workin   http://myloc.me/2loE
@goeast dont think i had a more painful experience than that muffler burn years ago frm a crotch rocket. still hav scar 
Just got a voicemail-wrong #  from edwards airforce base hospital asking for a callback asap I hope they got ahold of the right ppl!!! 
i need a bigger kitchen  how the hell am i supposed 2 function with one drawer? lmao
@tina_murphy hah I know. I was in line for potc, my favorite ride. we kept passing angel stadium a lot and I just kept getting sadder 
skool was gaay the only guud thing about it is @SunshineeKiid not even alisson made my daay worth while. i missed jess 
@JonathanRKnight  I hope thats not the case. i hope u guys cont. 2 perform 2gether. I do feel honored 2 have seen u in concert n
Question: Why the hell do we have 2 learn algebra?? IT SUCKS. when r we gonna use it in our lives  
Please excuse the plain background, think the peeps at twitter are having a few image probs, and my new pickie won't upload  bear with us
ok so i havent written all weekend. myheart when i just read jon knight say these were their last shows 
@victorzaa oh u didn knw check ur school email, they cancelled itcos swine? they r havn 1 lyk it in august for 3 days  kill me more school
hates my effin school.  http://plurk.com/p/xt3jq
@drcharlii wtf thats unfair if i roll any number u r hot *rolls a 3* 
My brains is being a run away train as liza bo biza likes to call it. I miss her 
@mretc naw it wasnt that bad, i just can never look at porn the same  thats like an antiporn antisex campaign/motivator
yay finally conan is back! to bad my conan watching side kick is still in london 
@tommcfly i ain't got one as well, twitter is mean  , anyway , about yours, you should pick the first one, that's my fav pic of u ever! xx
@ssoun126 haha mine was long! and sad  i felt like strangling myself becuz my ears were ringing...ahhhhh now i cant sleep
doesn't wanna go to work  where theres no air con or ventillation!  who needs slimmers world? just sweat the lbs off!!!!!!!!
hahaha.. nvr md, go hm n find a nice nice pic then put up lor oh ...good i got a dwarf but still nothing dropped? 
Doesnt wanna cut off her evo bands because of a shitty exam.  *tantrum* not a gd look.
@KentashaD i missed u .. im dam pissed !!!!!!!!! cuz its good food  sooooo sad !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! mis u
gettin damn irritated wid design.. hav to give accommodation for 360 students in jus 2 floors.. omg.. not able to work it out 
@LexiePixie  :/  thx  anyhow - can't get the darn box to stop poppin up - it blocks my google search field 
@itsjustajoy thts so cool.. i missed #bangalore marathon 
okay playin the finals then calling it a night...my gma gon wake me up at 7am to help her wit the bags 
@LiZAmtl ugh, jordan looks so lonely in our group pic.  @geebears96 don't you think?  
watching pearl jam on conan---eddie vedder lookin rough around the edges   off to bed soon----g'kight friends!
@zoe_s fields closed too but it sucks cos we have a meeting n i cant get there  argh!
I want Ian C. back! &lt;cry&gt; 
@ShellbelleP 07599325546 could you text me a brief out line first as in lessons all day I'll call bk sam a wanker, jus want truth  x
pretty sure i cry about everything.  benjamin button. so boring &amp; yet i can't help myself. brad pitt is so gorg--y always.
damnit, i woke up too late to have a shower  meh ill have one later
@iheartjm congrats to him! Lets have a date again soon! So bitin last saturday.  oh and after that I got rashes all over. chcken pox daw.
Is that illegal if I hv like 12 cans of red bull at home now?hahaha  I'm a huge fan of redbull but I'm not on drugs 
awww i lost my pick  gotta use a bass pick now
Why isn't the &quot;the hills&quot; finale-episode available at mtv.com? -&gt; disappointed 
@sexidance aw thnx for the offer anyways  i was gonna tell you to troll ontd with it and dude, f_p has no humor. food is srs bsnz
Nuhin like lying out in the sun twittered oot yer nut... Unfortunately I'm in work 
seems the cd-writer of my dell !m1330 as gone down south 
@AlisonWhee hmm. I have to see first  I have some math thing &amp; then some props making thingy. I'll call/sms u to let u know if I can soon?
@obaadepoju I'm goin away &amp; I can't have my fone 
@triplejsr hmm,didnt hear &quot;i fought the war&quot; last nite rosie  any good song 4 a break up when u love&amp;hate the person uve broken up w?
ok, really fed up with ellis now. so ill write to no-one  neways ive plugged my headphones into my comp and am listening to mcflyintervews
omg the lady killer is loose someone hide me ima lady  i meann ima have to go in disguise  nooo
Eurgh todays going slowly + boringly if thats a word. got french + maths next followed by sex education. joy. im so tired  my teeth hurt!
up with the birds...gonna fire up the grill before the temp. reaches hell again...   #fb
Is feeling alittle better but is in a hayfever craze 
@ladygaga i watched it and u are so creative!! U are awesome sad 2 c ur vid get leaked though 
lips r dry from playing mi clarinet.. grr cant fine any chapstick 
ganna go get some shut-eye. school tomorrow   see that matt hardy stole jeff's cookies and now hes beating up beth the basher. lol jks
@gonzylla dude, are you on a mission to make everyone crave for mickey d's? ...cuz it's working! aaargh... diet ruined, you happy now?? 
smallville tonight.. which i can't watch coz cornwall has no apparent signal   fuck sake
@Yeezo geez i sed i was sorry i broke ur car... 
@matildaxx I don't think I am. I'm sick so imma probs stay home. 
@silverlines Thk u for ur concern.She's suffering frm brain hemmorage bcuz a chandelier fell on top of her head 
ahh two movies i still need to wait for forever to come to see- new moon and harry potter  hurry! the trailers are killing meee
@rahmaaaa bitch respond to my sms dong  what's ur pin?
@chaitanya_gupta a hand-rickshaw is even worse, cant help not feeling sorry for the poor guy, rather not go anywhere, unpractical though 
i miss my girls. aw  cupcake, kambal, mami, kapated, te margaux, muffin, best sis.. a lot more. ( i cant wait to see them on june 8.
Is sad coz she's missing a couple of big events 
@syeelamarlina s-ma... my hp telah meninggal dunia.. sedey..   anyways, howd the interview go?
sssoooooo bored, noone on msn  grrr, wandering what other friends are doing. hmm....
@EstJesusNoWhere there were about 27germans on the plane.. but no matter what nationality. they are human. but i guess theres no hope 
@kyle270 aw baby i'm sorry  ew nice :l haha. I'm in geography revision now  i hope you feel better soon love you x
@petraaafied ohai petra! mr. sexy bass deleted his twitter  my life is but a hollow shell
@ShesElectric_ hey girlie!! come online  xx
@jessicaranda aku pgn bgt ka kesanaaaa! Haha  hm not the hard ones, english&amp;religion..
@MikeFoden i worry about wat the worlds coming to if i cant say ciao or sayonara without being called racist.  now *that* is worry some 
aus top model sucks without madison  haha cassie is still pulling out her excuses...
school.. battery is dying already  if i dont have this thing for math im going to cry.. but maybe u should pay attention anyways? eeks..
 i missed the listening party ,anyone record a video? skool! math final!ugh
i wish i was like shawn spencer on psych so i could just look at all the answers for my finals and just know them. 
woked up, little bit tired.. the boys in germany are so heartless..  am i so unpretty that noone loves me???
@dat_dude317  aww baby..fuk that person..dont waist yo happiness on something that dont want you..dont even worry about it..keep yo headup
i'm off for a while twitterverse-dunno when i'll return. i'm gonna miss everyone  xxx bye for now.
@eltorel loool u and @tamara_rj mad early!! i gotta go get ready 
@bertiedav I cant help it.  But these girls are all away in either america or australia  its shocking
fed up with this damn cold now!! walking in 100 degree heat whilst your nose wont stop running is not fun 
@wandaGNSH cha , can you call me ?? Just call to the blackberry number (m3) okay ?? Pleaseeee 
anyone in liverpool wanna go to the park or for a drink or anything at all? dont want to stay in any longer 
@MadamSalami she fell asleep before and within 2 mins was screaming cos of the noise 
@nicole_b86 its so annoying  first emmas picture wasnt showin up then mines yours and maxines isnt:| aha
missed an appt....hate when that happens 
The elevators at geneva hospital are nothing like the ones at seattle grace 
@remymoore we just talked to fedex. looks like the slurpee won't last the trip. lame. we thought they could do anything 
is bored!!!! theres no1 bout  still gota unpack yet, how borin lol
Dodgers lost yesturday  now gotta get ready 4 court 2 contest joint custody, I hate baby daddy... when you deserve it you can have it
@LondonDarling will do yes. It's going to be a doubly rubbish day tho cos my mum's going into hospital for an operation 
@boulderdog1 does anyone remember the url to @pitbull_fan76's site?  my puter crashed on sunday so i don't have my browser history 
Hating wrk rite now  n I'm still siksmh
has actual 3rd degree burns on her back, ha. damn you sunnn 
enjoyin the sun n beer to come but the bordom is not very good  resorting to daytime tv...things are getting bad lol
@chris_leung man that sux!! Why do they block everything!! 
sad! it looks like @hothothelen and @willwrk4fashion shant make it the 19th!  and i dont know about jess but worry not! cause
@rockish_pop hilarious.  ur sooo loyal, @dorkus_ would never thank u for that.howz u?
mii girlfriend broke up with me last nite 
jus had a power nap...dont feel very powerful after it... 
@AndyJMacc ugh I wish I was going to the freakin zoo.  http://tinyurl.com/lvunpa
Sitting in the garden with beth, it's not actually that hot anymore, quite windy 
@ShuffleArt @paddytan roger said ishop closing cos i asked for too many freebies 
would love to stay in the garden sunbathing but my lil 1 gets 2 hot an botherd 
@DavidArchie bonding with youre grand pa.?? cool.! uhm.. i miss my grand pa..  *he passed away.. :'((
@jesse_la  It really is, I can't imagine what the families and loved ones of those on the flight are going through right now.
dina to serve for the match. is vika crying under the towel? 
Oh hell yea to 46 &amp; 2!! Not sure if I have the vinyl but I'm gonna go check!! Part 2 of the haulage is still uploading btw 
gotta drop my sewing machine off at the repair shop in davis square first. 
@cooperfyfe aww lizzy!  who do you have to say bye to first? 
@g3mini521 don't be late!  have a safe flight! don't forget anything and msg me when u arrive in hawaii!  love you! even tho u left me 
feels like bs. never wanted to get a hug off kev more in my entire life. scared about docs again 
@pearlbones awh  he's the best as well. I think I have cheer bear, idk it's pink anyway
Just outa college sitting in the garden about 2 rite an essay on  william wallace  lovin the sun x
grrrrr id love to talk to u guys via live web cam but my comp is down 
@Mimsterr I'm totally losing my voice. whatever bug u had this wkend u totally gave to me.. 
@mr_foto owh alritey... to bad for the rest of us then. 
wow, i hate my brother. hope jamie moves to..like china or some shit. woke me up at 5, when i fell asleep at 3. my ribs hurt 
@onkartibe are infy madhye ahe, mysore la posting milali.  working on .net as such but the work sucks ;)
@laura_may  That's no good. You should go home and rest (if you're not already).
oprah looks bad on the cover of newsweek 
@HowardGees Oh, poos you  I heard a garage go a couple of mins ago and thought it might be you but turns out it's not  Loves xx
@deesos3xy giirl I thought thats wut it was until I realized I'm damn near a whole cup smaller now  u gained sum big 1z &amp; I lost mine WTF
please get this woman off-stage, shes killlllinggggg nintendo 
theres a new mario game but not what i expected.maybe it will be better than what i  just saw. it didnt look like mario galaxy at all 
@divarina21 omg! i gotta tell you my dream too! it was bad! 
@logan_ice i like hearing about crawling under houses and metallica references 
hotting chicagos laterz, gt a lil work to do though 
alot of ppl forgot ma b-day..i had to tell a family member it was ma bday..how sad 
@cupcake_nyc  boooo hahah ugh this weekend is jam packed nj fun with concert ahhh who knows!!!
cept its kinda bitr sweet...theres alot of ppl ill mis a whole lot... like linz or jordan ( my mane man) and k8 i prob nevr see her again 
@Keatonbug Haha, we already searced fb! But his prof is private so we can't see anything. 
tired as feck ppl. dino y. readin some emails and then gettin food en then doin some french en chemistry.  exams suck.
Theres already a massive linup for @nineinchnails.. awesome. 
i finnished my ice cream  tiss all gone  ahh wellll theres more in my frezzer hmmmm
Watch!ng a v!deo w!t the class and bummed about ton!te, guess a reschedule w!ll have to do 
my car diedd  idk howw. poor little santa fe
waiting to get into see dr. so many conversations going on interesting to eavedrop blah i feel like shit 
reading bout susan boyle... oh god  poor woman... pray 4 her &gt;.&lt;
@Madelinedugganx yerr saw u lols x stuck in the cafe wiv nick lols x poor bradley 
@RiverAveBlues wtf wheres swish in the lineup? 
my feet r so aching; tired  bak 4rm wrk! ah wel jus set up my new ipod dockin station,&amp;uploadin sum songs on2my new karaoke machine - yay!
it's nice what sony has shown, but no price drop? no ps3 slim? .. I'm kinda disappointed.  #e3
@beilaq_sodmq aww  i don't like wearing bathin suits at tha beach ..  i find it uncomfortable  &amp; thank youu 
@Joviswillow what theme did you decide for the event? ... considering the original one ... well ... ya know ...   
@erikalynnex3 ahahaha he's always 4gotten... he prolly got the arm of the chair cuz he got called in2 the interview last.. poor brian  lol
ghad i hope i have the swine flu... ima cough on all the lil white kids at work for giving it to me 
feeling alittle out of the loop 
phone is dead til friday. lsd screen broke i am tweeting blind. 
its never mutual 4 me cuz iv never likt a boy who actually rely likt me bak! 
Hates ocd  jus spent half hr looking for ipod because my ocd was that i must find it.
yikkkes! tornadoes in dyt and lancaster. ewww I hope nothing comes here 
@ChezHilton get on you with all ya diff job titles lol mines doleite 
@montana_22 I took 4 years of it and university butmy camera broke down  gotta find a new lens online tho... anyhow love your pic
dude. it's going ot take HOURS for this download 
@infamy187 i wish i was watching will and grace with you too!god damm sports banquet. 
nyc: tonights young love gig at bowery has been canceled 
omg im flying on this scary prop plane. its gonna be a long noisy flight. looks like the planes that land at the stinson. 
my heart still breaks whenever i read on rafa's defeat at roland garros. 
blah blah blah. yknow theres no stars out tonight 
@natthecat11 will most deff pray for u... 
just cried like a bitch because little brother is moving to texas on thursday.   its sinking in. i am depressed.
@ddlovato its not fair, u talk with ur friends, but not ur fans ( ur my role modal demi, please talk with me 
@mrsjetplane that just breaks my heart to read!  I'm so sorry you are going through this, esp. on your bday.
I think I lost my lucky guitar pick from ryan adams again 
both of the gran turismo trailers were pre-rendered. shame 
okay tweeps... gotta bust out some chores 
what does it mean by ---&gt;#   before a word?  does that --&gt;# do anything? some1 tell me pls  lol
Wait...nooo kyle can't go home!! There goes the entertainment 
@MarshaHudnall I 'borrowed' ur line about not being able to keep up on follow backs, but note that peep ur r not following, cannot DM you 
@julioreguia @chuinavarro good luck with the usa tour! was hoping to catch ur show in dallas, but i'll be in australia until mid-july 
I can't believe disney changed the figment ride in epcot 
@BBismyBB idk probably not  Ive been thinkin bout writin a note wit this joke like hed gt the point or steal his number from mi friend lol
@MonkyMagic hey jimmy james we are doing well how about you? az broke hi collar bone 
@EeskeeMO i wudnt shave it if u paid me loads :o eeek. maybe for charity but only for alot. its taken so long to get it like this  &lt;3
@Flygirlie314 i would have a swag-a-thon but he's only got one movie  he needs another lol. ima go snipe 3 people in a rockin boat...
@theroser i'm so bummed there's no crazy moon tour dates for the 2 concerts i'm going to  will there be meet &amp; greets for kc &amp; tulsa?
noo ! i hate when one tree hill ends in a very good part!  it's make me feel bad jaja xd peyton nooo 
omg i was watchin the hills a few nights ago and the sound kept going in and out at the worst times i was like no i wanna see wat happens 
@KwannaMama I hope I can stand it when he gets his shots... I think imma cry just as hard as he is! LOL 
is in math  doing likee. uhhh sin and cosine rule?
too much on mah mind, cants sleeeeeeeep 
does anyone have nick cave and kylie's where the wild roses grow? on itunes it's a bunch of lame eurotrash covers. 
hings with.  
@kingdodger78 the twins beat the indians, the teams i cheer on suck. 
@xMadMaddiexx  dude don't tell her tht, shell kill u.
hanging out with dani tomorrow. shes leaving me for the lake  *tear tear*
@SinnamonLove sf luv!!!!  but I may be coming down there soon for shoots?
Damnit, forgot have tix for jenny lewis thurs. gonna miss the stargate movies on scifi that nite 
my wifi isnt workin' does anyone know how to fix it?? 
is sad the mc chris group only has 2 members  Where's all my mc peeps at!?! http://bit.ly/Bxkt
@SmooVeShaBazz nada how and where you been? and my sister candy? whats good, str8 rolled out and left me in dis world 
@cathy_cochina40 no he's not!!! Lol u know my old boss told me the same thing about jordan too!!  haha so yea, I don't believe it!
@Luckyroni I am so upset. Who woulda thought the pit would sell out that wick? 
Aw crap I got the lakers to retweet me! is this like the ring am I gonna die in 7 days? 
i wana go bck to bed! hate being up this early! 
this drink is making my throat hurt more  and i need to convince corey to go to jacks mannequin concert! obvs will be in need of advil...
feeling kinda down today, dunno why.  hubby still at work.. wanna see hubby now!!!
@rohitsabu haha thx. If all were that gr8, i wud love send them all, selecting the best one is not my problem anymore. but they no accept 
mel stole my shiz again go figure  thief 
@RenegadeSOA513 .....sooooooo..1. hate ur background 2. ima need u to help me w/ my default pic, it wont show up  3. hate the background
@RijahC aww.. why pissed? sad sad..  hehe.. the twilight cruise leaves 10th august 2010!!! madness dude..
@iamdaniela *happenings* that we haven't talked about cos you have been busy! 
I miss all my felons  my net shoulda been on, on the 1st but now there's a prob with the lines 
@paul_steele Sadly, we best get used to grey skies again for a while 
@mr_ticky awww  it better not be shit. ive been excited for months about it!! *shakes fist* lol. If the effects are good then ill be happy
@rrruthp hi ruthie missed the ryan a. ep at pbn, fell asleep while waiting for it. woke up at midnight. waaah! 
how am i to concentrate when my neighbour is having band prac!! ughhh they sound real bad tooo 
@putriyanadi iya put...gemes gw  + check this out: http://bit.ly/JrYdq
@Deztini hahah couldn't have said it better myself! you didn't do a music monday thing 
oh boy do i hate stress! it makes me an emotional wreck.  i can't wait for tomorrow to be over and my english final to be passed. :/
We got in trouble 4 playing chinese at the bar. 
@AnnieLePage: We got in trouble 4 playing chinese at the bar. 
@k_lala it is a maxi dresss!! No I didn't get it  it was at wet seal of course.. So much cute shit there!
had to just turn down tickets to the neil young, ben harper, fleet foxes, pretenders etc gig in hyde park 
@benshephard oh ben, ben, ben...ur usually a man of style...but that tie....too loud! I have a hangover 
@Berlybugg i hope the lump is no big deal  lmk when you get it checked out. and, hes just really lazy
I never get 2 c u as often as I like,I never get 2 hug in my every nite  but in my heart i know u r the one i luv n can't never let u go
*sigh* everybody sleepin, cadena lonley  ...well @BoriMischief is awake but he is not tweetin so yeah, lonely lil latin girl :p
Off to sleep hate it when ur body is dead tired but ur mind is super active ugh can't sleep!! 
@ameera_bh oh  how about a classic game of super mario bros 2? U can find flash versions !
@adeledelulio got home from shoppin my baby couldnt find anything tho  she is upset wit me now but i still love her and am happy with her
ok babes   computer still not working  xxxx 
AHHHHHHHHHHH 5 1000 word assignments due on tuesday *rips hair* I was hoping to update stories but gah 
is off2wrk  wheres the sun gone like?
@mathewsanders @marcthom I'll miss the first half cos of netball 
Revising in school now  yush nd mandeep bein weird as usual
imma wants baked mac from the bat cave .. .. . but but but can't go down to buy some .. coz its pourin' hard outside .. .. 
Dissertation meeting today - also handing application forms in. Dunno if Kelvingrove is an option today 
@swiezes well i do lyk her as a frnd &amp; a person... ;) but it really doesnt matter now.... 
why the fuk did someone steal my phone tonight! im sooo upset! 
@mystyang nope, still dying- need to take it to the comp docs i think. 
sux being an insomniac. wish i had a unisom... or TEN benadryl!!!  
@MyNameIsLaurrra  U need to get the rat phone pic of me mam, sss needs to go in the bathroom but someones beet me 2 it  x
@allyXwebb a club? lmao. me and only me love andrew  bumberr
would take me 20 mins to get my baby sorted then get a bus....another 20 mins.... my other half works in stockton but wont go to get him 
oh yes its about to be a thunderstorm at 4am in nj... real sexy!!! mr.show0ff where u at babes??!!! 
@xbllygbsnii shh  well a bloody hope 7hr passes quick! and if they wee masks come down, am jumping off that plane! lmao :$.
Just got home from grocery shopping, my feet is kinda killing me, and i gotta pee like a river but i'm too lazy to move 
i love this lessons, llooking at topshop, listening to my babys :'(. and look at recent photographs of my dougie  xx
burnt my tongue  guna watch state of origin (footy ;) and a movie or two then crash..hopin flukin is enuf 4 test lol
dentist soon :S n av had 3 nosebleeds already  today really isnt goin well lolz x
@xbllygbsnii and btw - if turbulance starts..wait till you see my face :$ lmao ;). noo not jus what i want!  we'll have to go back
 too much french for my mentality :S
@nat_usa26 yeah hopefully, but if its too bad i recommend coming home, ohh i know what a bad headaches like  hope you feel better!
I am so tired an ready 2 lay it down..but I gotta take my girl 2 the airport in a min...eyes gettin heavy 
@meghornby your sad, some randomners keep following me  .. errr you can have.. i looked on my floor and suprisingly theres no food there x
@DonnieWahlberg but if i do get pregnant now i mi8 b going thru dat sickness period wen u guys do ur concert here in australia  lol o well
im sorry to bring the philippines pride down but i think those pinoy versions of popular songs killed the sould out of the original song! 
sooo the doc wuldnt do anythin for my ear, the world is so dull when its half heard..i sympathise with anyone whos deaf  cummon thursday!
i hope classes get postponed til june 15 cuz of the H1N1..i mean what if anyone of us gets sick? that would be a pity. 
'the dark knight' ost makes me want watch the city form the top of a skyscraper and brood. pity i dont have the cool gear bruce wayne has 
@iruga no  haven't got a ps3 yet.. and lappy would crash if i ran anymore games lol
cant find showbiz cover 
Just wokeup, n33d some dangzitt arizona tea  but i have none. But, got bigger things to worry 'bout like muh hair, muh man ;) &amp; kanye  ...
@meerasapra why not? dint hv anythng since ydy lunch 
omg i order a pressie for @crust123 and the emailed me to say it violated their terms &amp; conditions &amp; cancelled the order - URM NO 
Just wokeup, n33d some dangzitt arizona tea  But, got bigger things to worry 'bout like muh hair, muh man ;) &amp; kanye west.
Not seeing  @wil_anderson, show was sold out  myself and @kwak83 are having pancakes instead
@bekimccabe nope! and my job at the mo mainly is arranging meetings so the word 'availability' comes up too much for my liking 
i thnk i'm goin to kill myself if my memory stick dont start workin agen soon!!! 
@DRAMAndPLEASURE i was team jacob before pa  dude, i'm still posting the finger pic okay XD
feels like crap  taylor swift - you belong with me.
oww my throat really hurts like someones scratched at it ...haha the kath &amp; kim movie it hurts to laugh 
got nothing to do. i'm so boring at home  mmm i guess watch terminator will be more fun!
@miz_ling don't get what? btw.. i haven;t heard anything from kat.. i hope she got it 
okay so i won't be going to comedy festival, it's like in 5 days aha, no money  but omg josh thomas is going to be there! josh thomas! D:
@mellalicious only have one tv and mick has laid claim to it for origin  I think I'm owed something now, don't you think?
@theinfamoushobo oh lucky then you have it outta the way. omg shes such a bitch i hate her. so mean to everyone  ima fail english coz her
@QueenBxoxo ano! ;) u cant survive something like that unless they emergency landed on the water :$ aww ano poor wee baby 
@scott_herman yeah ugh. school 
@itsdoro yeh i'm being v selective.. fk need to shorten my intro, so much to fit! gave up on prac essay, i dont know my stuff!!  must cram
@prateekgupta lol!!! im such a teensy weensy thing! jus cos im a hypnotist  ppl feel this way for me ( @keeda
@lucy_whufc erm...no. we lost  but I was so close to bagging one for maself. would of been mine had the goalscorer missed it!
@horrorhannah tut rub it in mrs, its all cloudy over here. not cool 
@victoria_queen meee, once I'm done with all these notes. 
hahaha at origin being in the trending topics. ah, no chance now 
@TainerBang on the downside im in flip flops and have no jacket....whats the story with our football teamt hat nevr happpend 
yay for the beach! even though tis not really sunny anymore  i think i mighta jinxed it with my last post.. sorry to those feelin the cool
regrets opting out. it would be pretty cool to talk to a random stranger.  *sad* oh hey...my ex boyfriend is online!!! WOW! yea...THAT ex!
omg fell on top of adrian at the park in front of everyone...nooooo 
Couldmy life get any worse? im only 15 and i feel like not being alive?  P!nk your my hero. &lt;3
few yrs ago I went vegetarian 4 a mon. or so. I'm think abt doin it again... I jus feel so guilty &amp; bad 4 animals 
@richard4481 been told the postman has been and gone and no parcel so nope 
@NTyrer thanx but i wont need sitter 
@fi69 bout 6 weeks, tho should be up an about for longer before that, fella home from sea tonight too so more help - no nookie tho 
@vacant_heart susan boyle makeover sounds very clever!reading your bio, when do you graduate?I had a terrible exp with an indian lady doc 
@trvsbrkr http://twitpic.com/6igy0 - soooo wish I could go to one of those shows!  you should like do a world tour together... ;)
oh well, nsw still played good (especially dragons players), bad luck, feel down now 
The refs were shit, nsw were shit, giddly what the fuck were you thinking, great start to the series 
watching nsw loose footy 
@th3littleredhen boohoo for us!  But fascinating doco on #abc2 on cocaine
kendra's mad at me   i dont know whyy
@__miss_megan__ what happened pee wee?  p.s congratulations on getting through! woop..you shoulda have called me you dork! ima hurt you &lt;3
missing greer so much - its only been 20 minutes since u bin gone babe! 
facebook isn't being very nice to me  won't let me comment anything. big sad time. lol did flo rida say chris brown? ahaha x
@tommcfly hey x do u have any vasaline i could borrow cos my nose is sore cos ive got a cold  would respect it if u have sum i could use!
heyy no school for meee yeaaaa stayed home gona do suntinn ??????  idk what to do 
It realy makes me sad evrytime othr fans get replies frm u wile I don't im always tweetin u'v neva replied i dnt undrstnd i luv mcfly lol 
smh I hate when cabs go all around the moberry bush instead of jus taken me to my destination   GRRRRRR!
@mSzPurPl3 yesss maam too bad ill be sick for mine  hopefully ill get better by tomorrooo
going to the library to bring some books back. i wanna keep the shakespeare  ... juliet, my juliet. than going to buy some make up
@rbrtpttnsn i ave a complaint lol. i comment ur photos. i comment u on both myspace an this, n u neva say anythin bak 2 me  it' rude lol
@symphnysldr  mr. deleon, you're pretty much amazing. your music is crazy good. i wish i could see you in dc but i have camp 
@ginny4harry fail 
@dbackschick i googled but didn't find anything... give me a url....  sad that google let me down, it happens so rarely...
@AlexterAyiUy http://twitpic.com/6j0ny - I miss this tooooo  hahaha emo time
well th lil man has tonsilitis, so a wk of calpol &amp; anti-biotics! he was not happy when i had 2 wake him to go to th docs! poor lil man! 
@rastamiller hes been here for 7 days, 3 of which he has had the poo poos! I'm coming home tonight, but I have to tidy out the shop boo 
@NicoleHainey23 ha ha aye but it wiz sunny n hot untill yesterday  aw rite jeez u shud of put on sun cream n after sun n kwl kwl u seen
@Patsytravers How was ur french? I messed up the listening  x
I hate the creators of lost. they killed of daniel and juliet, that's so fucked up! 
so dnt have coffee... i guess tea will have to do! im jus hopin i am on the right track with this essay! boo hoo! 
@blufrogenergy they don't carry that round here  least not yet - dis tha hood lol - crackheads got all the energy lols
@StephaniBurnham shit at how shit i am at psychology and do not have any notes  haha tues then wed..then tues then wed..then FREEEEEEE!!!!
@carolina_s  It somewhat breaks my heart to say that I did really much care for the new nintendo stuff  I dont want to grow up!
i thought i got rid of my cold  obviously no ae !! i really do hate a blocked nose btw.
is sad.  sarap mag-emo. especially when the people that got you thru most of your problems becomes apathetic... http://plurk.com/p/y5nad
in the common room with matt. english lit pre release woo! haha its a beast 
@BigBThatsMe @EvilAlterEgo ohhhh I used to be such a sims geek but in cant play it anymore coz of my shity laptop that don't work  fail!!!
So I just made the best french toast of my life, but I ate it in 2.5 seconds bc I was so hungry  I don't even remember what it tasted like
I can't go to school. there is a prob with my sims3 games. the loading screen for the sunset valley doesn't load much. 
@playarabbit how r u i ben mia 4 a few wut happened 2 my follow my man  u left me join me again its all good lol
@sophiafoots: !!! HAHHAA so cute lah grizy. max snacks on cockroaches  but dont worry i always flush his mouth out straight after :p
wonder if my power is back on at home... my ben &amp; jerry's steven colbert &quot;americone dream&quot; ice cream is going to melt 
@Shannenmcdonald lol ! bell !  ! hatew school &gt;.&gt;wbu anyways ? x
feeling sad cant join the reunion 
thai sweet chilli sensations double chocchip muffin&amp; a twix. jst wat i needed afta a days hard work LOL but an xtra reason now2go2the gym 
@mileycyrus id love to visit ticketmaster if i lived in america 
i am making my own calendar. let's hope i am not reinventing the wheel.  http://tr.im/nipE
wuhuu miley goes on tour again ..... but not in germany 
cant wait for this crimson tide2b over n done wit damn it 
ooh bye mcfly  the brazilians cry :'(
goin to disney land for halloween nxt year 
 maaaann...well @ least u dnt hav 2 worry about this silly place nemore @shansopink ...ooo gurl they drive me insane n here...i hate rules
off loading in college park ga now- can u tell me how the bestest ever exec dpt accidentally released locations of secret nuc sites? 
Still feeling like shit that I missed @teekomusic 's solo showcase debut @ scratchpad last nite. I'm the worst girlfriend ever 
boreddddd as shit! be in tha heights like @ 5... @ishinee please make my day 
GOd ive got too many tweets :L ok theres seriously weird music on radio disney :L went outside to do macbeth ugh i really hate p2 
And if yu call me your friend,wont you always be there for me?? 
something is wrong with t.nu  booooo!!!
@carriebeth I was so scared. I have to hand my cv into them by friday for assessing. I hate stuff like this  major boo
@kerriee school on monday  imagine 'he' took our regi class lmao! register would be like.. young1.. young2
drove around for an hour looking for parking. starting to seriously consider a vespa. id look like a major geek on one tho 
ohh dear my 3yr old favourite flip flops have just flopped their flip 
@DanielFielding i know  i had one and i never got her out or anything but she lived for ages....was kind of annoying hahaha
@unfamus I ran bcuz I felt bad when I released the door it hit her and she fell  my bad
@greggrunberg omg what will you be working on with robert knepper aka t-bag!!! awww too bad prison break ended i cried 
uu and i bought 2 sunglasses.. but umm it's raining out side like 3 days in a row 
@DCPlayboi7 whats up wit ur sad pic...  look like a lost child...
the bookstore doesn't have my book and hw is due, american apprl wont let me exchange my tee, and sophias doesn't have my fave chkn. WTF? 
driving home from pismo... dont wana be back in sac town! 
@rainnwilson so sad to learn about his passing 
@mcrfash1 awesome i want frank to reply to me   i guess he has so many tbf
@heyk we're starting next tuesday. overload ako this sem eh. hay. hahaha, looks like i really have to study this time. 
@nkotb plz make all vlogs available on nkotb.com...don't want to join the community and I missed a bunch 
@badpocahantas Lol ur crazy ...u miss me??? u and domo dont love me no more.... 
@joswinson would love to have the opportunity to vote lib dem, but we're not able to in norn iron 
hoping tram will go with her to see the paperless tour...considering my boyfriend is an ass and wont!  *nat*
@SuGaFieRcE bye wifey  see u 2mw
@amyob thats the norman hotellllll eeek  second best steaks in town... would you like that well done? sorry, no choice today
just got outta the shower and now i'm relaxin....wish i had the portable dvd player rite abt now 
also realized that its 2 in the morning, ive been tweeting wayyy too much, and theres a dead frog in the house. 
@Misses_MoNroe girl i know how u feel..im so sick of va  we needa go out n act a fool
ps. BOO to my gradeschool batchmates. hmfff 
@bhanowe i just wondered how u gained so much weight at home lol. well yea i guess i gained like 2 kilos lol im a whale  whatcha doinnn
and no: i did not &quot;enter her twat like a bull&quot;. hahaha shouldve though. (via @henchbot) U disappoint me man 
ahhhh!! not a single customer ..  .. wat to do ..gush
crushing thera flu and still feels like shit ugh  ...and im hungry with no food..life is sucky right now.
@flyzik im trying very hard.  im hoping jetblue prices stay down! i wish they were that cheap when i could still afford it haha
@shebreathes im crying that i cant afford him.  his packages are literally like our budget lmao 8:::
@spryken bro.. ask u. safari dun work well with fb? i tried accepting a friend it keep prompt me 4 password 
@ashestree bulllllllshit!! im not THAT stupid!!! hed throw me to japan!! nope. girl i miss yo face 
@FrankieTheSats i live in oxford!!! you and dougie should come and live here haha good luck for tonight btw, wish i could come  i dont...
http://bit.ly/YoDMY  &gt; the party scene was filmed in the fucking beta frat house at u of t. fml for not being there 
Early as fuck getting to work...waiting....bored...No mp3 player. Nothing open til 9. 
hmm. hi twitter hahah  i am watching the tennis match! federer vs del potrrroooo. and i have a stomach ache 
We need more followers! We look like n00bs  tell your friend to follow us! W weill love you forever and everrrr &lt;3
16 mile walk was not fun at all...i feel disabled now haha cant walk  i was sick this morn but i still went...arnt i good lol xxx
nevermind  no florida. except vacationn  ima make youtube video that no one will watch again.. woopwoop
ready 2 get 2 palm beach and miami 4 da weekend? boooo 2 jacksinville it keeps raining 
@kourtneykardash..I hate to bother but i wanted to check out dash in miami n cant find the address 
so tired. its sat alrdy, time pass by so fast wen u hav fun...aft tat back to wrk...slog to earn puny amt tat wud b over in a split sec. 
whoops  slipped! september seems to far for wales 
@cattvong annd we didn't even lay on thee hamock! 
@raeraeverret hhahahaha meeeee toooooo. 5 wrecks in 3 years I got bad anxiety on the road. 
 jen and rick broke off their engagement !  At least jen can find a lot better
@alexcashcash ohhhh jeez, maybe u caught swine flu when u were in the uk 
@imalexevans lucky, its raining here  canada seems like such a nice place! id love to visit canada [=
@stephanies0lano psh, yea. But I had a 25 page research paper due, and hadda finish it 
oh nevermind hes not fine. hes thrown up twice. poor dad. 
bought so much holiday stuff 2day dont think my suitcase is big enuf tho  its so pretty aswell. got a new sleeping bag for T aswell!
@khlovess22 imma check it out when I get home. my school blocked youtube 
another body found ya'll!!! serial killer? i'm scared   http://tinyurl.com/p8dt4d
Listenin to old mac mall missin the bay  dang folks
@ryan_cabrera can you do like some kind of performance at the irvine spectrum or some california performance pleeease? 
so tired nd wrried..... dunt feel well either.... 
@bkGirlFriday hahahahaha i just read this tweep. I know, i know, i always say that but i still no mo car  stalk away though lol.
sitting at computer, upset that the library didn't have the 2nd percy jackson book   
@nikki_morris i was gutted, I sent britney my credit card details and she never replied. the tease 
@flyyKiDDangel well obviously; &amp; idk I gotta find a way to get to the airport to get you lol sucks when you don't gotta car. 
@WhnHrtsCollide remember I tried out for the dance team and didn't make it  if tina could see me now.. LOL
@djleonsmith nope  sadness, need some bada bing action for reals
@shellbees poor shelley  x hope u get betta asap xxx
dylan and cole sprouse - i cant tell em apart in this movie . LOL  cyring atm 
my phones broken  still works i just have to wiggle it a lil (pause?)
@kswedberg right there with you.  had my house broken into last thursday. tv, wii, games, ipod... and my giant change jar with like $200 
@paddygunn wheyy . pfft, there is no way i'm talking to you after it, i'll just be too sad  aha xx
aww its not just a party ther is a band playing!  really wana gooooooo
http://twitpic.com/6ov6o - new cpu fan requires me to pull entire board  fun times
@jimblake There is nothing in the race packets! T-shirt and some literature. No food  You might be ok picking up sunday.
just dyed meh hair pink and blue ppl keep givin me baaaad looks  but i LOVE it;XD
@kijanicole slay me with the green chile roasting story. But yeah, I work in a few hours. 
@NileyLoveStory is that because miley is taking a part of before the storm?  I wanna know why u think nick's in love with her, tell me 
@carrie2th9 nope nt a thing  my life is soo boring sumtimes lol wat bout u?
@missmei i know  *sniff sniff* dya feel short for me (sniff sniff) im taller den some ppl thou, so i sleep beta knowin dat ;-)
lay in bed channel flicking, not in the best of moods  when im down, everything seems to go wrong :/ i need my guys ben &amp; jerry haha!
spent $85 on a ralph lauren shirt from the guys section 
Pretty fuccin mad that I'm prolly gonna miss @SongzYuuup 2nite n CT traffic is a bitch n I'm still n nyc! Treyyy come get me sniff sniff 
Omfg i just threw out the top half of my back, wtf?! I didnt even know tht was possible. Hurts like a biotch 
goin 2 vbs 2day.! waterday.! cant go 2 rahwa's partay.! 
@pleasurep u havin a album release and if u are plz tell ex to hook me up 
@inka_one think so? i thought it was zzzzzzz... and wtf was blu's track about? i was expectin' some heat 
im going to miss the volvo ocean race boats in galway ! they are leaving saturday  i hope the green dragon wins !!
@hrtofthematter I get my bras from fredericks. They're the most supportive &amp; hold my tittays up. No sports bras tho 
im out of school! fuck yes! im getting closer to debt, paying rent, bills, taxes, and all that crap   now i wish i was still in high scool
@marginatasnaily No idea babe   hows your wine tonight? not frozen i hope?! xxx
Wow, almost midnight.. 12 oclock on the dot scares me a little  has a weird spookyness about it lol
@WordofMouthAtl its great! well its raining now  i put up pics on fb. check em out
@_CLAIRE_P  but my download thing dosnt show up atall?! not even on a right click! 
@louise_hendy I not allowed haz party  mummy doesn't encourage underage drunkiesss
 @murray13 heard labour lost all councils over yeer gaff, they did deserve it...we loved mo mowlam here
hope to god lee's behaving whilst out tonight surrounded by uni gals 
didnt find any pretty gowns  but i found a cute summerish dress for england!!!
@myselfmackaw hahahah no don't  i just hear the preview
@fuchsie theyre most likely getting a divorce  sadness. aww jealous! i say hi back!
owww!! im finally on twitter.. bap bap!! packing leavin tomorrow  .. upset i couldnt go wit the bestie to vegas but goin away n e way
@NickSwisher yeah i got a txt sayin the game was postponed now i got nuthin to watch 
@dwpoker it's great babe, laying by the pool, went 2 a porn convention yesterday 4 fun...but, ur not here! 
im so tired...all this crazyness....when will school end ...you see school leads to depression and can lead to anger....and tiredness...  
awww anyone remember that show higher ground  I LOVED IT im tryin to find it on dvd if ne one knows are i can let me know please
@coho1123 hey theree miley didnt win breakout artist  it was sad im having the best life partaying off to the danceeee xoooo miss you tons
@nay_nay84 omg ya i do! i just now noticed the purse i wore today the chain with a flower attached is gone! now im sad 
@fairytaless ohhh  who's your host?
cant slp   maybe my baby wil kp me company a lil bit
@ hates wheb cultures clash esp. when it involes the asian culture and asian american culture 
@3minds come thru- I put it out there for my twit fam! U aint answer (as usual) 
Fucker left town for good.  http://twitpic.com/6pc4j
how hard is it 2find nice dresses  feel like i wear jersey dresses2 much so trying to steer away from tht for hol n cnt find anythin nice!
@mistajiggz ah been tryna figure out my new mac for hours, no luck  &gt; i need like a tutorial class or something lol
my tv lineup is planned half&amp;half. martin. living single and fame. fml screw u friday u suck. 
@malpractice24 &quot;what yall know about them texas boyz&quot; paul wall. i think he made it just for hunter pence though 
@lovable_sin nooooooooo  you should still visit anyways!  
FReaking mom hates me I almost got tpo try red bull finally and then she changed her mind wht a jerk 
@MsBam07 haha now ur son came up on some chucks lol..and u nothing poor u  am wit u tonite til 2maro broke
its so unfair that britain doesnt get the channel abc anymore 
@swiftkaratechop u look good w/o ur beard! just dont cut ur self, and bleed ketchup next time! it made me sad 
@trent_reznor it's been like that since ye olde listserv days 
getting ready to leave, love yall, aj is sick, mom is trying to go with his plans instead of her own, got to go be the peacemaker 
on the eastside...a few of my friends r goin to the libra,and thnk its time for me to get out... i rather b in the studio tho' man. 
@dwgirl4life i aint doing shit, staying home wit my boo. i work tom 
@SharPhoe yeah  and hey, im on your side about your probation too XD if there are sides to be on &gt;_&gt;
On a mission wit ruben in wisconsin! And my tummy hurts! 
@_CrC_ I feel so let out chris! u tweet my sisters 2day but not me. i'm the little one with the kind eyes  &lt;---pouty face LOL still luv ya
@MrRant not really tbh - well apart from doin bugger all - really need a night out tho  lol
@mrzhollywood .....someone would prob charge me 200+ to wash n fold. Its prob gonna cost me over 100 jus to wash them @ 2.00 a load 
just finished helping jane. i think imma knock out now, toootired.  wedding tmr! woo
kinda sad, wont be going to S/L dinner tonight on account of my sickness 
@james__buckley But I didn't go.  You're welcome anyway. ^__^
@lelebaby21 yes let's talk about how @jazzyfiierce got tickets to see beyonce n the garden :/ nd its sold out 
@JesseMcCartney awk jesse, i wish you'd come &amp; tour in scotland  ive been a fan since the very start, &amp; ive never seen you live!
at skool, this 1 guy askd me 2 b his gf, i said no  ,in the most kindest way i can think of. it was nerve-wracking, &amp; i stil feel bad urg
@zenxacred aggghhh i haven't had philippine xmas since i was ... 5.  and philippine new year. ohhh how i miss it. it was always so happy.
@Mieaunakiye welll thats the plan but i think my gurl said that no one can get on south beach unless they live there 
@dorkabunny: it's so good!! soooo cute, but too bad it's gone now  i feel like i've contributed to its death by not watching 2nd season :/
I just put my uggs away until next winter  i'm gunna miss them.. but on the brightside SUMMERR!!  &lt;33
talked to my rocky&lt;3 thank god shes okay. first time ive cried infront of someone since march 10,  love you ashton, rip rj&lt;3
feels bad that jess and taylor couldnt drink at the party 
@tasshh awww  it was amazing &lt;3 But i guess you know that haha. But when I tried getting pics after the show everyone was pushing thm away
@MrIsaiahAshton LOL how rude! &amp; true.  fml
ok..moms bought courtney a dress for graduation that look like a damn clown coat collar and some dora explorer shoes..  wtf...lol
Seeing land of the lost cuz all the hangovers are sold out 
@irockcapo no im not  im half sweetie half jerk lol
@laurakaye09 Wait, it was for during the M&amp;G. I dunno if reg. ticket holders will get 2 see it.  That sux.
@steve_oliver76 not too much really still kind of slow on the highlight show  #bb10 http://bit.ly/IETQX
eeek. @danielskowalski has blocked me! never even knew I was following him in order to be blocked. *sniff*   so sad. *sniff*
@johua2327 kc is supposed to drive home and shes already had 2 drinks  yay me
@ShanaBaiz hey! i hope its sooner than that. duh! i ended up skipping it   how was your art party?
ugh not feelin good. &amp; its still raining.  dnt think i'll make it 2 the b'day party but its ok she'll be fine. she's goin 2 bey concert w
yesterday's friday nite at g's was jus gettin interesting wen sum ppl called &quot;nepali pop singers&quot; ruined every bit of fun!!!  
@missnickyfr3sh aww po0r babi i know and i will fe3l the same way but its worse upon me @jayjayallpro is slackin on me hard im ode3 sad 
no mac for me today my daddys being a meany 
so bored had plans but they dont exist anymore  excited fer soccer games 2moro and then dress shoppin with ppl mayb drive in
@89theBrainchild --lmao fcuk! I've always had a prob with following the crowd I swerve 
@pw_cc_runner   hehe yeah i havent been on the internet much.. but i have been working  sadly... whatcha been up to?
@pink_azalea that's exactly how i feel!!  i love jacob &amp; enjoy bella getting hurt   i'm actually to the part where she's using him 
@louiseholtt for andy's party...ughh he treats me like shitt! we need chat 
87yo women im temp liven with is having SUNDOWNERS...not fun 
i am starving.cant decide between taco bell and in n out 
@_Stephhh_ i would die, like..i havent seen him since friggin march .. way over due  and to see him comb through those locks of his .. omg
sitting here watchn dad and bf fish..its hot  oh and deleted twitterberry 4rm bb too slow!
I hate when @fattie20xl works nights  sigh
Sickkkkk  omfg, I need to shake this off...
@cameronreilly I just opened a blank tdk mini dv tape and feel similar. Also had to buy mum tivo last xmas as tapes were too expensive 
20 min till tweetin ends for a lil bit so sad.... 
coughing so much i have a monster headache  gunna try to sleep. breakfast w dad at 8. @13rossi13 arrives around 10!!!!!!
Getting beat by brenden on mario cart wii 
tom's not in adtr anymore 
@erin82883 awwwwww, don't think like that.  there's lots of things to enjoy in life. don't forget about patrick and all his wonderfulness!
These are tha times I wish I had a girlfriend I get lonely too  LOL forreal though
@xlikewolvesx I &lt;3 my iPhone  ill try and figure out this bb shiz later.
@solessence needed a little bit of relaxing bc of crazy wk. had to cancel an appt and i'm so sad. no rest for me!  
is there such word as 'coldstroke'? cause i think i'm having one. hahaha. idk what happened to the hot weather but it's so cold now 
this scrabble game is not goinng to well  [getting the nails done with the lil sis tommorrow], bball games&amp;&amp;josh's grad party--&gt;maybe l0l
@MarleeMatlin awwww marlee you're leaving?  i'm theresa/tree btw. a fan of yours.
@MusicxisxLifex8     http://www.imdb.com/media/rm2922416640/nm1984458 josh farro sort of look a like on the right?
Now I know why I hid the goodies from myself  ugh...and btw, its hot. I think ill watch 80s tv (aka matlock) in my underpants.*tummy ache*
-My mp3 player is a goner! 
4 hrs thu the grapevine  almost to stockton. most of my roadtrip mix is good, but what was i thinking adding david byrne's latest?
@thepjmorton dag and I wasn't invited      I'm gettin my jheri curl bak LOL
my eyes super hurt, i feel sick, someone please go to starbucks and bring me some hot chai tea? &lt;3 i might start to love you? 
I have 9700 which is slightly above avg at dinner break...kinda tired too 
Who the hell waits on line for a club featuring lil john?...I am  f*in friends.
@molaytolay HAHAH i knew you would get addicted... ill get it posted... its on my friend's cam tho 
i hav seen another 2 movis since yesterday,,, rat race... uff waste of tym,,, nd ong bak 2....the entire legacy has been ruined!... 
i am trying to win a gucci coin purse from ebay, but i dont think its real. my bf sucks and im having hot flashes  help.
is gonna break up with her almost bf. Its too difficult not knowin where you stand in someones life...which sucks cos i love him 
still stuck here in our haus w/ my 5yr old daughter who keeps on asking me when r we going to watch miley's movie  it not yet showing!!!
@Gonk http://twitpic.com/6q4ty - AWWWW, welcome to the world lil' guy I want more 
wasn't a match classic.. ohhh well 
@mvo_darkwing btw this thing messed up ther's sched bigtime, she cant get a leave fr work on the 20th  tsk tsk
hello everyone, im going to color what hair is left onmy head pink, n i will be in hospital again,flesh eating bac on legs  its so painful
No, I was waving to get some of yo attention since u haven't been giving me any lately 
@mileycyrus hii miley!!! ohh so bad that the serie finish  ohh cool :O?  its going to be a 4th season !!!??? yeahh 
offf to clean rom, rents goign out at 6, gotta stay with baby adam, hes sick and moody nd doesnt like me today 
@mr_rellcity see told ya the blackberry was garbage  and then i kept mine now u getting rid of urs *smh*:p
@OdotAllen, but I can't IMAGINE seeing cr in the booth tonite on that track. 
exactly 3 weeks after archie's concert!  haha yeah, it's archie's concert, since i left after he sang. ;)
Oh jesus the cutting scene 
Thanks guys I had lots of fun, but I was missing rai, gabby, and jess 
@MikeyGiacobbe brooo! I lost my obama shirt tonight  ill clean out my car tmrw to make sure its in there but yeah.. I think its gone 4evr
This chair is first degree murder on my back tho...its killin me 
@bhappy4eva bahahahaha! its gone now... 
@autumn0000 aww that sucks  lauren changed the thread title in the new ot thread its dedicated to you now ;)
@PanNORA I won't sing with u because ur tone deaf (via @SquidzrEZ)///// 
...dnt u jst hate it when ur taking a bath and the water goes cold..... 
uh theres smokeless vaporizers? really? why didnt anyone tell me 
im hella mad it was raininq this morninq &amp; now its not &amp; I have my rainBoots on  ima go buy a pair of shoes I don't wana look stupid lol
jst sliced my finger...flippin wonderful...ugh! 
tip: if u fuck ur back up real bad at work, dont go 2 a gig 2.5hr drive away as u'll end up smashin the car.  woops 
I lost a good friend this week....they're fine but the friendship is over, it makes me so sad. I guess thats life tho 
@UShannon my feelins hurt...supa dupa sad face: 
Holy shit pop-lock &amp; drop it murdered my legs tonight. They hurt so bad hahahahah. I'm out of shape 
@skylerevers  i did jenna's 50 random q's vid but 4 some reason there is zero sound except in the webcam playback  im trying 2 fix it tho!
@br00klynbetty i was up talkn to my friend abt my lifes plan &amp; decided going back to bmore is not lookn 2 promising 
oh   i rather like the idea of tweeting to semi naked pple lol. do u guys know http://www.wildyorkshire.co.uk/naturediary/ ? richard bell
#robotpickuplines I'll insert my floppy into ur disk drive. (via @ThaStokesIII) hahaha nice one. How come I don't get asked to chill?? 
@keka_ontherocks I love tetris too!!!! had deleted it from my machine during the damn audit, cant find it anymore 
@jordanzafra nope  got exams on monday.. sucky sucky.
 i wanna watch the new ep but of course it's ppv..put it on the pay members page too..please matt!!!
@anna_samara Almost as disappointing as losing your brand new shirt, huh. *hugs* 
@wontstop ok cool, ty for lmk, ive been so worried about him and feel so at fault for it 
@jaydems south park, will and grace, the oc right now and later scrubs. I don't have family guy dvds 
@thcasper ahh the strangers! I have that! haha I always think ima see them in my kitchen! and I want a boyfriend too!  hahaha
@Telkana www.evastore.jp you know you wanna bask in that awesomeness. pity about only shipping to japan though 
@Raeskies ROFL mr m is a flirt aye , rae you should watch out :O and i saw how you wrote your feeling sick , are you feeling any better ? 
omg was amazing show tonight! felt really good apart from one thing!!!! chelsea wasnt ther cos she has a bad back!!! 
@tickeyy hahaha my pill box  some guy at this resturant had tot ell me to smile. but other than that everything is fine! not burnt! woo!
 u still have my # &amp; I wonder if you miss me too...? most likely not. ((hmm doubting you'll ever see this either.))
@trent_reznor yay! congrats!!! no wonder you always sounded so familiar... now what's this nonsense about no more tours? 
back in chennai........donno when i would be out of this hole   .......trip to srikakulam was interesting
@annATL boo, idk, i wasnt even on teh page, i had to reload.  still ahah one of us beat her. ahah LOSERRR she is a tool, teeth? c'mon
@ziggykai tooooo latee smh u caught feelings like it was a football or baseball.  whats going on todayyy
@nicole I think I ended up playing against you. I think I made a mess of it. 
I am upset coz i have reached my search limit   
right sweeds and beth gone to blackpool i need to ring rachel but at the moment i'm trying to improve my yo yo skills which is failing 
had so wished 2 visit da oxford bookstore 2day... bt guests arrivin @ last min...hafta visit da grocery instead 
@ade_shayne sad indeed. i've gone to every bookstore and magshop i could go to but i didn't find the mag 
oohh i have a cup of tea yay.. sad news tho.. it's the last T bag... damm 
Looks like the downloadble iron maiden tracks are coming to rock band on the 9th. That's a shit of microsoft points I need 
hot but defo not slutty, i mean jodis got a huuuge bouncy castle so top cant be low :s!! arhhh decisions  rofl
@nykaaa eh well. i don't know if i should be happy about it or not. haha. this is our last summer before college eh 
@pussygaloria007 haha didnt see yr tweeet, afraid u cant host yr own stuff on it 
couldn't make it to pre-bashment  went to apache for bassnectar after-show, heard some sick dubstep and a crazy set from dj bowie
@juicyari the terrorist... ehhh ficky ficky = dishonorable discharge sooo let that go 
omg tribal skankin in my birthday suite and der ripples i mean fukin hell wen i dance my bottom ripples i need dem support pants PARRRRRR 
havin a beer-can sandwich then headin off for dover  all for a lil buffet and a moonbounce! no way in hell am i wearin a sumo suit!
ewww its raining outside, tbh town doesnt seem like such a good idea 
The little un has gone off with his aunty and we are going to go out for lunch then off to see take that xxx I'll miss him though 
wdf disz mofo british weather pissin me off man...no more freakin sun mane..!  
@emilynoel83 hi emily, in ur next tut could you please show us in more detail how you do your outer v shape? i always have trouble  thanx
@lee_kd ahaha atleast your doing something  lonliness can kill
@junnetx i know i do. k couldnt come out last night  i didnt have anyone to get ~naughty~ with. but i saw lewis in his new mercedes ;)
@AmyYoshi What's the matter?  xxxxxx
says bye everyone.. my sis just went home and demanding the computer  http://plurk.com/p/yt0mn
I just got dressed and left the house and im now in a taxi looking a state because jordan sat and told me a shit story 
bored shitless cant move sooo sore  tho sports day was brill 
no no no misha's slipped to no7 he needs our help ppl go to his page nd see wt the queen is having done to him  @mishacollins
missing shaq and sorry he's rooting for kobe.. his home was here.. orlando 
@AnnaSaccone lmfao!! wee all know what that means when u mention neighbours! bet u can't wait to get outa there!  xx
@tymusic They have won their first seat in burnley though 
can't believe london has come and gone!  britney was aaaaaammmazzzingggg!! totally love her now!
@S_sS how did it happen???!!!!!  waitin for insurance to go thru! arte u glad u came out for a drink with me? )
In the forum, feelin very unhappy coz i didnt get the job at the cinema. 
ps how do u change pics on this thing? it says the pic is too big 
uhhhh... we definitely just got bogged in some sick mud!!!  fdjkd spazzing. nikki and jason are gonna come pull us out.
says whoa... amazing... karma down.. 5 points.. huhuh  http://plurk.com/p/yu833
@sunredskyblue dear, no! go out and eat! i'll force you. don't want to see you die like this.  btw: whatabout a surprizing postcard, hum?
soooo bored,its raining an iam babysitting 2 nyt .....bad times  lol
In glasgow raining  decided in not one for talking
ow im hungry  and yes i am up really early  breakfast, brooklyn, hair salon, and than getting ready to go out with my best friends &lt;3
loving you aint the same nomore. 
@1critic yeah i know!unfortunately that is what humans ve become about  -just saw a movie w/pc geeks &amp; a bill gates wanna b - geeks won 
summer jams is today and my dumb ass gotta go to work  fml
@shufflegazine lol, someone is in an emiratesmac promo mode :&gt; why didn't you link to us 
@razlan79 hmm, i can't view that vid!!! utube is now being evil with country locks  grrrs
feels goooood 2 blast my fav tunes in da office - seriously, I've been here too long and I'm still here editing and writing up scripts 
@tim_cooke hey its been ok! just playing wii sports with my mate. boxing  kinda worried about me and zo 
but while using proxy (ultra) it works fine. I have been earning ther and the moment i was about to cashout it hungup 
@sagarun  but while using proxy (ultra) it works fine. I have been earning ther and the moment i was about to cashout it hungup 
2nites game was mud.i had pocket kings in the final hand i was in and got busted by 8-6 off suit.wtf.all fun tho but come on 8-6 
@loz829 fkn lolz I know. I've let the team down 
@fountain1987 hiya..random add and i dnt even knw how to use this lol. thought id say i think ur gr8 in hollyoaks n gutted u gone  xx
@elzibelz yesss i watch rh its too hot to miss ;) i know i want warwick so bad but chems nt gna help me 
@GLBriggs haha oh no!!  my ears never got burned i dont think lol. that was the only bit of sun scotland'll have all summer probs haha! xx
@milycyrus oh....i'm really upset cause you are not allowed to buy vip tickets for miley cyrus  I really want to meet her!
@mileycyrus oh...i'm really upset cause you are not allowed to buy vip tickets for miley cyrus  I really want to meet her!
@heartbrken4evr its alright !!  our whole school is like in depression mode though everyone loved him! x
@colin_cheong have u finished yet? 
@ShesElectric_  i feel like ive been away for ages  just a couple more days of madness tho. how u been doll?! xxxx
ok so there's a concert for my hs choir teacher and I wanna go.... but I'm a bit under the weather....  decisions
watchin old wild @ hearts hw sad  sarah deah makes me sob every time amazing acting as usual amanda xxxxx your biggest fan... anna xxxxxxx
@ChrisGN once a y4r!! bloody hell how do o fit in all other good books around! I cant do any at mo lost my glasses 6 wks ago 
wants a tequila sunrise now!!! hahahaha demanding!!! hahaha miss that drink so much 
@celebrian then you, vanessa, and chelsea stole elsbe for a while? so i hung around with... um... i forgot his name 
@githafashion oh.  but dont cancel it yet! just open it next vacation or christmas and stuff.  r you going to cancel it? ;[
@mommywags  I jus saw ur whale wars twit... how sad! 
@georgiedaintree oh the t-mobile thing, the happenings were hilarious. my back hurts from amy and bee  ha
I'm up cuz I'm pissed...filed a police report yest cuz my apt maintenance stole my camcorder. They're not getin away w/this.... 
@ChrisandCal the op wasnt anything serious btw all fine just sore now 
@jennypotpie..get ur ass home me misses u  n we have lots to do!! tehehe ::evil meh::
i havent had starbucks in almost 6 months. and its makin my tummy hurt 
@JBnVFCLover786 during the live chat...a fan has written &quot;nick and joe are cute, kev is in the the corner&quot; and kev is gone in the corner 
wii sports says I am a 70 yr old whose only redeeming quality is the ability to throw a punch 
aaaah  it's all over, okay, watching the one show for michael noww (:
Guess my excitement was premature. Suns hiding   off to run the laundry list of ish we gotta do
@d_archer lol none of them are on right now, I went to see new terminator film last nyt wi friends, cinema is ridicously expensive 
@cassiduncan not gonna be able to come thursday  my mate cant cover my shift so wont have much time in nottingham to meet him :'( :'( :'(
HOT, as hell...oppressive june 
@cha0sbydesign still haven't left for the mountains but i haven't had a chance to ask lindsay about the mac  her phone has been disconnect
just said goodbye to drew. breakfast was awkward. both started crying in bob evans and had to leave. tudors won out.  this stinks already 
watching ppl play poker (in port arlington)... lost it all in 3rd round 
i don 't hav e alot of friend both here and in real life so... i don't think  i will have followers. it's ok and deal with it baby 
last day in la la land.  bummer  
@mmm_gash dam that was meant to be bad boy lol im on a couch watching infomercials 
Is sittin alone go george square readin james bond does life get any more sadder than this 
 rip uncle dave. blah.
hap a mishap today...tsk tsk tsk 
tic, tac, tic, tac tomorrow spring triatlon, ohhh my lord i am too old for this!!! maybe last twitts 
what a fun day  ended up with one stressless tampa chair, thats the missus sorted, i will get my chestefield online then..shooping #fail
failed with chanel (ups it isn't a fendi) super duper sceeweeeyy dress.  engko2 shit.
@vjk2005 5 more levels! okay. my defense sum cant be strong.  demo ganbari masu! no plan to come back?
dang. I really miss jacob  just like in the books...it was like he was my own personal sun.
@essteeyou  thats tt.ly cruel  (see what i did there?) bwhaha
@rainbowcrush yeah it does  &amp; then my mum complains why isn't my hair dry. grrrrr &gt;&lt;
@samarowais dun wan anythin for now  jus peace 
@KhloeKardashian I was in the storm my apt still has no power and my lexus is flooded  can't get up to my apt on the penthouse awful 
@MariusHR87: lol!  I'm officially on vac, but still in gtown and sooo bored..wish i had a way of gettin out of here.. but stuck for 2 mons
todays my bros open house. sooo boring! 
I am wanting to revise but having noooo motivation 
@dannieboytv cus I wasn't invited...u invited kels  lol how was it drinks on deck I suppose ooo damn
@KrysMIchelle88 see this is why i don't come around, i wasn't even invited! this is sooooo wrong on sooo many levels boo 
attn dallas visitors: there are more things to do here than shop! jk I &lt;3 u seester. but not shopping marathons... 
@deeplakshmi yea evn i do put up lotsa reminders n al..but jus my own parents anniversary i dint add to it  but glad i made it up to dem;)
@megsandbacon maybe she's just upset and/or in need of a shower. Why u hatin' on the homeless megs? 
@jacqui_ i hope we dont see ur cousin in law eric when ur in austin.  He aint invited to any of the festivities.  Not even 6 flags 
I have to lose som weight I look so fat   serioulsy at least 10 punds, so I'm going for a run now!!
@tommcfly tom why don't u want to answer me, just one question!  where are u gonna release ur next album, in which countries i mean? plz
@jennikiz no textual activity = absolute disaster  i'm such an addict lol will i see u on campus nxt wk?
bummed that kevin pollack cancelled the show at the funny bone, though. sorry @mr_gollihue 
@snapcrackleDIAN maybe its cause of ur plan  somebodyys bday is comingg up! 
@jessicablair20 I'm home....where r u??? I have a new phone nd dnt have ur number!! 
@elle_blessing yea hes working our house is wired bad  the guy said its the oldest system hes ever worked on
wont be seeing hello control tonight  fml
@PoynterPerve heyyyy hope ure okay nt spoke to you in a while my comp is broken  sooo wot ya bin up 2 ????
@mileycyrus you made my sister cry becasue we cant go to your uk concert as its too expensive 
@kliwaru lool swt. u dowan reply me then fine!! 
@itslauraduggan dam u and ur chips  i just have chicken for dinner...blah kinda boring.
@mileycyrus .i wish u knew who i was  miley cyrus gina ,14 loves you soo much. pleasee give me a shout out. it'd make my day! xx loveu
@mangopopstar i know! esp bc i just bought the darn coat yesterday! 
http://twitpic.com/6r4fl - Its saying 'play me, play me!' 
@serah ang haba naman. ) hahaha, garsh dude.. we must hang out... i hate the rain and not being able to drive, i'm so stuck at home.. 
@cupcakekiki fingers crossed ill get an audrina ta! and not a travis clark burn 
@cosmicfavorite since cant get tix bcos of school hols, will revert to my usual dvds 
Hey demi and selena nothing much, i'm trying to find my bff on here but i can't 
mileys going to start filming her last season of hannah montana 
At wrk on sat...can this be any more unfair 
@molly_grace ahaha god i wish i could! but stupid mother wont let me eat them, she says after dinner 
@emmarossx i will survive ahaha what a geek  i asked her for a daft song n she sed tht!
I hate refereeing lil kid bball games! But at least I'm gettin money ...still can't focus tho  
@slm725 omg ok so i went to play the sims today and my whole family is gone!!!! i had to make a new one 
@TatieKatie @sez101 ok guys, but I'm on the train home at the min and my laptop is broke  might be able to tweet some pics using my phone!
Just waking up i feel like shit my head is pounding  i wonder how brandon and the others feel lol
My big girl just im'd me. She's in birmingham al, she says that She's at a dump trying to get something to eat. She's so uncomfortable 
bored outta my mind.. gotta do hw.. but I dont want to  I wish I had something to do.. lol maybe I'll cook something to eat and watch tv.
airiana wont txt me bak... idk y 
i just noticed that the world is filled with lots os amatuears and morons... (srry if i spelled amateaur wrong.    )
@mcr_rocks_alot its like a little nick name ,you dont like it 
@AngelicVampira I'm voting my ass off,but it seems we have low chances to make him no.1.  enjoy the movie!You gotta tell me how it was..
@MrAntony well if i waitd behind i wud hav missd my bus!! n thn also i wud hav ben waitn evn lnger the next one  next time ill wait XD
wish i could've been at the grove yesterday with my bestie but we both couldnt go  but we still luv u mitchell musso kinda jk
totally stressed out rite nw, college wrk mounting up  wish i cud hav hd time to gt it dne ystrday and hand it in! wayyy 2 mch 2 do! D:
Accidentally took the 99 instead of the 5...  fml
http://bit.ly/r4gO8  joe jonas dances to single ladies - deleted. u cant to that. 
#T20 update: indians do something...bangla are getting off to a gr8 start 
fuuuuuck my headache wont gp the fuck away! bad mood 
I so feel like watching edward scissor hands !! &amp;&amp; so sad I couldn't fine my secret garden vhs  
@trent_reznor i was gonna go to your music show up in london on the 15th but then my friend sold his last ticket  i was not a happy bunny.
dam im clumsy  who busts they ass walkin down stairs
left bobs going2 walmart I guess 2 get some food and home2 clean wish ppl were n better moods 
Vibrating razors are no bueno esp for the pits. I shanked em good 
stupid minnesotan weather means no valleyfair today  takin a trip to mall of america is pretty legit tho! sitting in line for chipotle!
DirecTV is a GREAT company but my cables out cause of the wind blowin the dish  im sad..i wont be able to see jonas, hannah or swac! 
@overloved my dear Nadita! I'm so excited to see the vid!maybe later  I'm so glad for you!!!!it's so amazing!! u r the best fan ever baby!
@giusoares i'm still alive \o/ hahahaah mas fui mal, anyway. 
At target. Trying to find a gooood shirt fo tonite. Looks like i'm arriving alone 
@RiteEreWitRose some stupid hater obviously.. &gt; it might be cause they didnt have permission to use single ladies or sumit :S 
@jestdempsey Like, driven it? Yes, I'm not a fan.  #camaro. I think @dkreindler says it best: http://cli.gs/NpBHdL
i really want to go out, but i've just washed all those dresses for tomorrow  @jack_ono go out then? @oliviakateslack love you dickhead xx
what the hell, the jonas brothers youtube account is suspended? that's so stupid now i can't watch joe's single ladies dance 
Getting ready for party tonite. No so animated rite nw cause mom been screaming at me 
The kids zone tickets are a rip off tho 
@dizzybunny um what is she hideing lol i dont know what to tell you about it all  id come play britney at ur party
@symphnysldr you have no idea how excited i am to see you guys again!for bamboozle i didn't get to meet anyone except alex johnson 
@tkisses lol im jus sayin tho man. &amp;&amp; i get my car back 2day so maybe 2morrow  cuz my wkdays r ridiculous ! 
misses lauren, manda, felicia, katie, ami and other friends...  ready to come home!
@nicole_b86 awk same :O hes the nicest guy in there lol  #hateperez
@nicole_b86 ano man am pure bored  a hope we get tht perez thing up aha  #hateperez
@EmelyPringRocks awwwwwww youngin! lol jk. i feel like i am older than all of you cause i started college so early. i graduated 07 
@nicole_b86 anoooo  its always the gay ones lolol  #hateperez
@CarpoCarp im not even a fan but i am even jealous...buy it off u for a tenner..... i dont even have a tenner  tld u tings wud luk up
Walking to the bus stop and i just realised i'm singing along to my ipod outloud  ha. X
cooking macaroni &amp; chesse...btw there's nothing good on tv 
@SomeKuwaitiya moo faj2aa baas was relaying on a guy to help me with it turns out he dont know anything 
@matalatine yeaa lol. It doesn't have a webcam  its like 6 or 7 yrs old. I'm debating on getting a dell.
catching-up on harper's island. i can't resist a good who dunnit! sad it's not getting better ratings 
really bumbed bc as we were on our way to the lit fest, it started raining... dont have an umbrella so going to dinner instead.  
@she_shines92 there was contact between rocky's hand and trents butt.  not a smack. lol no inividual pix tho  only group.
@nnyleinahpets why is that whenever you come, something comes up! im pissed cus i have to stay up here for family functions and shit! 
@roxiijonas ahaha same, he didn't really seem drunk lol. and about the bodies ah that's scary  id hate to be the one who found them 
hmmm today was ok cuz i was at a sleepover but that meant i couldnt dirt bike  but they'll be other chances!!
what the crap! I'm done w/ firefox. screen freezing - then crashing evry 10min. lame 
@gameboy_ontheb..haha best believe i swopped it frm the moms nd wore it all nite ;) i miss u kiddo  hehe
@89theBrainchild -lmao. ur so mean ::starts to fake cry:: 
I seriously think dis lady got scissor happy o lawd 
I need to get a flash for my cam! The standard one is too basic.. cant experiment with it. plus throws light only at 40 degrees. 
wow posada and cano were played perfectly i guess...both might be hits if upton plays a normal depth there... 
i need a hug fo real  i feel like crap. o well this is recession life fo ya
@victoriahanfoi I have a cold too, so booo 
damn . i miss my graphic programs. that i lost when my last pc crashed  tried to resize my kitty pic, hes a pimp with cash and cigs haha
@jimjonescapo would appreciate this: whats ghetto-havin to take the top off the toilet n pull that rod for it to flush no bueno 
@elfy21 its a shame coz its not her fault  your mums lovely she'd never do anything to deliberatly hurt anyone xx
@dcr757fresh2def everybody is always talkuin about tommy's I've never been there 
@MrCrunchiebar Election results, of course, why didn't I think of that  As for bbc3, u're forgetting that I'm in the house of shit tv 
@Jstarkiki my dads a hatter n wont drive me there cuz he dnt like any artist that i like thats  a boy 
@RBoscia hmmmm I dunno if that is a good trade 
@emmabatchelor hi emma how are you? i didn't get your message  did you send it to my screen name, __liz__? hope you're enjoying it! xxx
@Jinxx_ i think i left my guitar pick at yours  also i realllllllly wanna hear you sing
@summerburtech holy god that's so far away.  this whole season is making my brain explode. Where did daniel disappear to..? Wtf.
@KellieLouiseXx yh she does! all 4 of them! Yh im fine tah got work tomorrow tho  boo sucks! you alright? xx
@emmacoakley ehem and me  haha wat an adventure ! tank god for nice cheerful tesco men even if dey do chat u up haaaa
i hate when someones sick &amp; you can't do anything to help.. especially when ur 500 miles away 
I am angry with fans of jonas or rather said with fans of nick and joe so that they do not have right to say anything to kevin 
i sometime feel that too much time on your hands and facebook is a bad combo, enough searching and you find stuff u dont wanna know 
im hella mad it was raininq this morninq &amp; now its not &amp; I have my rainBoots on  ima go buy a pair of shoes I don't wana look stupid lol
brb being a pedo.  omg i need a cold shower asap
goin 2 bed soon, then chillaxin 2moro as i watch tennis, wish nadal was playing though 
@mialuna1 @valjemenez the movie finished 10 mins ago  dont worry i'll still be on my phone!! and the dinos for mobile web!! &lt;333
Oh no, brazilians are the wildest fans!  [3]
@IamKent hmm i can't seem to kill her either 
@nickjonline jonas brothers youtube has been suspended from sara if you dont believe go check 
@3thbi there were guys and I called 777 3ala 6ool , u have a point 9ara7aa but wasn't thinkin that way at the first 
im in austin with nothing to do until like 11. cant call or text anyone cause my phone is broke.... 
wheres my bear 
@bluoctluvr yea, i think the strawberry part is too tangy...  tina loves them though!
@benjamin_jay haha it took over my life too...until i got my dishes up to level 10. now i barely play anymore 
@woowanik If that's the worse you did, count yourself lucky! I seem to be sweating pure jack daniels just now 
watching roni play g-tar hero.. He wont left me play cuz i suck  lol
@mrilovemylife r u givin me the silent treatment? 
Is obsessed with OceanUP, read more of miley's AutoBio, cryed throught the chapter about the kids with cancer.. Raning 
 alas, my feet hurt from the trek home (no pun intended &gt;_&gt;)
@jorgehedman heii wats going on have u received any harmful messages to ur family?? well i have and im scared ass shiit right know!! 
@JasonShand lol oops mabye not a good move  :p ha ha i think it's mabye 1-0 to you lol 
http://bit.ly/gJahM    gotta say i loved beautiful south shame they split up  brill live band
@maaalisa yes!!! lol but the youngest jonas brother played chip in the broadway show 
@xoeve your nott me  i am the only slushkittie in the land 
@northstarbar says you need credit card to enter.. im onl 17  how else can I get tickets/get inside?
my toes hurt...idk why 
@KatieATL me either. damn too bad i have to go to the mall rn; i'd totes watch it. 
is gettin so frustrated ..designing tattoos but am so blocked,cant get whats in my head onto paper! hasnt happened in ages  grrr xxx
wow i want my page to look like @britneyspears! looks a bit more cooler then mine  ha ha! go brit!
ok back at the hotel......feet dead!     trivia is over. no winners.....       fave number is  3.141596        pi!!
So went over budget w/ the fam.....all in all I HAVE to give up my blackberry..can't pay mandatory internet anymore  I feel like I have
The party is kickin! No word on my car til tomorrow tho 
@agrl4god80 -- that's fantastic!!  there's a chick-fil-a here (on the campus I work on), but just an express, so they don't have too much 
Is having a weekend of pms, bad cramps  fellas u f*ckin lucky motherf*ckers, lol! Y'all don't go thru any of our experiences.
The only thing ima do tonight is play mario kart 
@madlawstudent no not at all - u excellent value -ur friend prob not got hairy chest tho 
where is mii&gt;&gt;&gt;get off of work already.ugh @huntin4ivory 
@trentonlyle haha how sad, i'll miss you! lol ooooh i thought so..tell me how it goes bc i have to get mine done soon i think 
Global warming?...what a joke. Its june and i'm still wearing a vest! 
@Knightpkf ur a goodlookin man.. ull defo get that 29th call!! its just a shame it cant b mee!..   x x
just hit the wrong button in 1 vs. 100. stupid me  http://plurk.com/p/yyibl
@chrisMibacache :/ that ain't good.. lol tsk tsk! umm just studyin, i think im getting sick 
@traacy ooh studying? Thats good! lol i know i feel bad i havent started  and eek i was/am sick now! its so fun!  haha not
feels a lil better i kinda saved a dying mousie... from getn hit by a car but idk wut to do bout the posion it ate 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/6shtr - hey save some pretty for the rest of us! 
@Aarondior everythings good imma be in stl for the summer...again 
Going home doing wats right no bx n no bday sex 
jim beam and coke. no jack  this is interesante, I kinda look like a high class prostitute
@babyshan87 if i did then u did that..u would b od mean 
@pyromusic yes.  haha i told weston i felt like a douche bag for missing the release of the songs. so im going to help in any way i can.
@cocoachanel wow. im sorry.  (universe meet ur toilet. her name is @cocoachanel). well hopefully some1 will answer b4 dark.
@jason_in_la sounds awesome what would be awesome is if I had 600 dollars right now to pay a bill 
@stephentiernayd  sorry steph, but iwe can make up for mondays happy hour, can u?
@mileycyrus Picture wont load :O 
@zanelowe come to portsmouth uni and dj in our uni pub, the clubs been shut down 
uck. hes pissin me off ALOTT!!! and sinc my mom and dad rnt home...its evn worse 
@TheNewBradie woah have't YOU seen thm b4 deliri XD i havent 
im really cold! someone come cuddle meeee 
@jlsofficial hey guys have fun tomara at the summertime ball im reali gutted i cnt go n c use rip up the stage  xo
@cianaftw Lol i knoww!  its so sad. idk how i find him attractive. but i do,haha. guilty pleasure?
the hubs justtxt'd me that he is getting a new tatt tom. I asked if it was &quot;loser&quot; across his forehead. he was not amused. 
@roboraygun yah. there's a starbucks and a mcdonalds in my hotel. I refuse to eat there! ...so many western things here 
please take me to the metal hammer awards  i will be your slave forever&lt;3
Doing stupid religion assignment  grrrr. just woke up like 20mins ago--WOW! haha. And im reading the updated twitters-jebus theres alot!
tryna study but i keep getting distracted. ughh 
@RingLeader898 no this isnt the 1  im lookin for the 1 i wish i could f* all the girls in the world sumthin like that
ok... hurt ribs last week and reinjured lifting 100lbs of ice... can't go beach...  playing qwerty on pogo.com @ home.  anyone wanna play?
@AlexAllTimeLow don't have another anxiety attack alex. 
@velilah i have no idea where emilie lives. but all i know is that it's freakin' far from my place!  i miss you too syg! thanx heaps! xo
macy that link that i just posted was meant for you. for got to put your name. lol im still half way asleep 
is missing @mystyluvsmolly! miss u heapssssss (theres no one to call  and annoy! luv the annoying one xxx
@pugzie we go for an mri next week. my vet thinks it is frontal lob related. valium for episodes now, but then we'll look at reg meds 
casey cant go  no stalks tonight. i wanted to bring something up with kim too..haha
cameron gave me a free ep and now i'm about to cry. i miss them already and we JUST left.  ah.
I can hear ppl on the rides n c the lights frm my windw  wish shugga was here so we culd go tak a nice fun walk thru it + get fried dough
My soul no longer has the desire to twitter, because natalie and tim can't see them from their phone 
Does not appriciate getting depressing texts about alex rowe leaving the band. I love him 
@KhloeKardashian I have these ideas for the k sistsas tank tops...too bad im just a person and not a hot shot to let you know 
Just got hme from a luvly day tho my yellow self is now tanned  great great grandad crackn jokes he lucky.sayn I'm light enuff 2 turn blck
@the_bobyn nope! our dvds are in the dvd black hole 
classes moved to june 16..woot woot.  will still there be a freshie welcome assembly? 
Hey everyone! just getting pre-moved in wiff mi auntyy... (just staying nightt)  waching marly and me!!! very very funny til end... sad 
Watching last chance harvey. So sad 
internet is still down, fuck att dsl, cox is coming next week ftw, i miss me hero wars 
@wethetravis i will pay you to come sign my bffs card, shes in boot camp 
@miz_ling nah just me.. i missed out on a cheap computer 
im kind of sad that i missed the keyword cause i need more points for the 101 club to enter in for a jonas brothers flyaway to vegas 
pressed enter to early rofl. like a headache  gahh. wheres my girls?! /raped rofl no they won't have been. everything is okay.. night xx
@LeanaA2217 lol thnx! No one wants to go out now...i think ima be stuck home 
@Iamhollyywood boring and rainy.  then again i cant complain bcuz i heard miami is under water right now.
also - my tv has never been this loud; i need to go see these guys live again. i missed them when they were in boston earlier this year 
@wyntermusic ur mixtape, I have mixed feelings about. A lot I don't think does u justice, some tracks r good, but Surviellance was ruined 
@torriRAWR nawww haha its cute i love that show &lt;333 u know lucas and peyton got married in season 6? gosh i was a brucas fan 
@inkiser yea...my fridge is small...hav to use ice instead 
@AuroraJo damn, one hell of arguement girl u win  lol a movie and sum recreational medicine do sound appealing tho. lol enjoy ur nite ma!
mmm bloody mary... its definitely not as good as the ones that @aerinea makes since they are with love and such, but she is out of town 
okay so things i need $$ for: shirt @ ts concert, room furniture, those mj glasses, aand my cam 4 my new youtube...better start savingg 
Just found out my abuelo had a stroke... He's in equador on vacay...  praying that everything ok....
Talking to the ones I love hahahahaha.... but they wont text me back   hahahahaha
@theeternalsea whats hangout in spanish?? i only know the translation of hangout as in hanging out. mayb we should change the name 
gotta say something but dint knw how 
@malena_music haha well i WILL get it if u quote it i love the oc ..til season 3 ofcourse i just cant compute them killing off marisa 
@clothes_w I think I'm just disappointed the voting got slower.  I want constant domination. :O hahaha kidding.
At the dane cook show,but not happy.cousins making me feel like crap and i miss the @anarbor guys already 
I miss u so much hubby  i still have ur shorts from corpus. I sleep in em every night cuz they remind me of u
fresh out da bingo hall party . it poppd . all kinds of shid went down . shirt got a lil messd tho .  but nun i cnt wash.  ballin=life
@nappy_steph I haven't gotten any drunk texts yet.   hehe
dave spiked my monster  i really think im allergic to alcohol
i miss my ppl....  lol my tummy hurts.. jus gt back 4m carls jr. yummm i guess. im thirsty.
will never understand life.  plz pray 4 jason &amp;&amp; the chandler family
@theotherdiddy cant even watch the game..no cable where am at  fuck lakers cheatin ass kobe!!!! lol
talkin to my baby. bout to hit the sack; dont feel like goin to this ish for the bext four days 
sitting in my room  watching  gossip gurl on tv 2 looks  like  its  going to rain soon  
@fia_PWNS that sucks  'whoeverstoleit' is going to have a shitty life. that's for sure. i hate 'whoeverstoleit'
@bitybella i'd say cook yourself spaghetti and watch the mets game. you win! btw mare, ur email bounced on me  what's up with that?
@ShannaPace im not a trance person...i saw tiesto with a friend who was obsessed. dont remember that much of the show 
aw i felt bad wen the bf had to give up his baby...[the palm pre] cuz it was only a demo.  dnt worry ull get it soon
i want my car!!  whats on tonight that fun sydney kids!
@srogers910 haha it was horrible  i want to see my score haha. idk whats a good score on it? english was easy, math, oh my god haha.
1 more win and detroit gets the stanley cup!! wish i was home to celebrate 
nick and miley= ughhhh why did he have to write a song about her  they better not get back together!
going to bed. listening to kill hannah  ill miss jonny, but at least hes happy and still making music so ill get a chance to see/hear him.
I have no social nightlife!!!  damn 1st on the wkends!!!
@llbthegreat lol I feel u...um tryin do that when I leave the club  ah well lol...sidenote d-block here, I luv them!!!
just came back from my cousin's wedding and it was off da chain!!!!!!...oh btw i got a key for my car...lets just say i am very broke now 
@IrishLad585 haha yeah. The price just went up though.. They finally realized $1 a month for blu-ray acces was a steal 
aww man stupid state farm and their discount program couldnt go to pedro's party cuz of it 
so totally bedtime. nn, and shit. want pre. 
@timothyh2o  btw, i'm getting tire of the jobros. Like i work at bk there are this big posters and they are geetting on my nerves.haha
@syth_blade22 i don't want to watch anymore  crows are losing! fricking loveit murray(?) is such a fast runner!
@LaneeD u still shuldnt have ditched me!! I was sad  I got my hopes up like aww um about to see my homegirl and get sum shots popping.. tr
is sad that taylor swift's personality is a fake...she was my rolemodel 
crizzzazy sho last nite in the t dot!! thx for all who came sorry to all who couldn't get in  ill make it up2 u
@randolphpermejo ur having a blast there in the motherland ur not jealous 
I wanna broadcast live again but my comp. internet is down  i need a glass of sangria
http://twitpic.com/6t5ns - my best shot of the night...damn my cam sucks 
hey peoples i just finished making my new myspace so far ive got two freinds  so send a freind request if yall want and ive got jayk purdy
@hardtosayone lololololol. li real. cannot take joke one. 
is no one tweeting cos of the bella/ed action going on? 
@kimberlyannnnee aww really?!?! i was there thursday haha guess the world dont want us to see each other  saw ur pic at sushi boat
@ufo_evolution awwww how sad :/ poor ani-dino-stinky-thing 
@ east atl ice house for pac div show.. no guinesse, have to settle for corona 
@BrwnSkinzFinest smh. Should of came to see me. 
@veronica78 ohh snap that suck cause theres no way by this november i'd have that kinda money saved guess i'm missing this boat too 
heyyy i sorry it been so long....im kinda bussy u know i sad cuz my fwend is hurting  we share the same brain &lt;333333333 u april!!!!
@Spidersamm nope my grandma died on friday, and my mummies in hospital 
@dotmanish btw home is whr the heart is.... ummm ... i thought urs was elsewhere 
globes &amp; maps - something corporate ...this song makes me cry  andrew mcmahon is god sent! no joke
@emi_the_twit ohh, i've never gotten that one. shoo i never got banned before until today. 
@northwesternsig good grief sig.  you must have a shit load of frequent flyer miles.  have fun! no mike rowe sucks 
@Tsurina yippeee! even when we're not in skool we still watch the same movies, just not in evan's class haha.noo ship goes down from here 
gudluck my lil sista, today she has the championship marathon run, i'm sorry bcoz i'm not watching u 
i hope dat old lady dnt pretend 2 fall out again b/c 2morrow i hav 2 usher and im NOT catchin her!!! 
mayne bout to hit a break down I've been unemployed since november and nobody wants to hire me... can't do dis hustlin out there nomore 
@ddlovato im so upset  my mom doesnt let me come to your music video shoot. ughhh -_-
Oh E so heart broken  u knw I have 2 twit that I thnk my happy lil world crumble lmfao
i have this condition where i cannot control my emotions. sikit sikit ke jiwa. hahaha. emo emo! 
@_lucy_joy crazy ending 2 it! yeah I no, shattered I can't watch it  we don't get one hd in country victoria yet
juz upgraded my hp software! im wayyyyy behind. but everything is resetted and now ive gotta put in everything in again 
Regrets installiin twitteride.. I want twidroid back  hope they fix bugs soon ;| twidroid waay cooler w gps loc &amp;straightfwd pic sharing!
No look I'm a pretty girl LOL posing and everything too bad my boxers hang out  http://tinyurl.com/ra3zgz
I know everyone likes reading about crafty screw ups. here's mine today:  http://tr.im/nGsA had to vent 
@yoedelbarrio thanx yowi, still need moolah 
@addie_c braces braces with nobody...hahah i was lonely 
@isla_fisher for some reason i cant follow geraldinelopez  but i am following the other person!! ur such an angel ;)
@reddbarbiee aww man! thats saddd right there. im glad my trash can is tall my little baby cant reach it!but damn 
I got the official boot from the mitchell davis gang  @mmitchelldaviss
@KatieLaRowe im pretty sure miles hate me  she wont reply to me @ the secret acct. even though shes following me 
@princess_monica For some reason, i had the thought i wud be receiving at one least one drunk text from you....lol...guess not 2nite  lol
Depression commercials really suck when ur sad... 
on msn talking to my mayte nicole xo add me my user name is morg_scully@hotmail.com ... had aye horrible day im sick 
@letsgohippo sam misses you to emma  lol nice name sweetie
eating apples. im hungry......  mayb ill go watch life with derek. love tht show.. (:
no tv in here,  ,at least theres a lamp, i'll leave my itunes on 1 song while im sleeping, i h8 pure quiet. i get scared-NOTHERNDOWNPOUR&lt;3
Just sitting at home and playing with the dog nd stuff i would go outside but sadly  i can't coz its raining its changed coz 1 min it
On my way home had fun at laurens grad party I'm so proud of my boo graduating college tyme to go lay w/ tha hubby werk in the a.m 
i really need the sun  watching charmed. i think ima make a start on an assignment..but i think ima find my phone first its been lost for
@Enamoredsoul gotten outta bed, breakfasted, now planning to get back in because the friends I was supposed to hang out with arnt enthu!! 
@brooke4013  He will come someday!!
now my ceiling fan is making the loudest clicking noise, ughhhhhh  i need to stop complaining... im srry!! ahhh my cat just walked in!!lol
my brother just got a frikking ben10 DS game and a pokemon thingo....hes so spoilt its not fair  
really dont wnt 2 study bt i guess i hv  interview cuming on wen...wish me luck
smell ya later seeing as ella ditched me 
@Henaxxru yeah the rain is horrible- im soaked and my hairs all wet- so i need to wait for it to dry but i have nk towel  howre you? x
playing PS while singing, yayayay. where's my prepaid load?! dang! 
lost in dc for like 45 mins....WTF!! on my way to the burg tired as shit 
Cuddlefest was a fail  good thang I got lord of the rings return of the king!
@RXanthophobia It was easy, thank god! i'm really worried about history though, i need to go shopping with you &amp; sara 
omfggg. lost my ring. think i left it in the lil basket at the tanning both. hopeee it's there. sooo scared. 
hehe,,, laughing attack!  weird..., bentley it will never be your fault xx
I feel horrible  I'm sorry for everything @kendra_ftw
lmao I can't believe @mr_gl just did a table top strip show for me &amp; @lady_leo510!!! lmfao (we were too broke to tip sorry) 
@mehulved not a good move.  pls follow doc's advice.
stupid red wings are killing the penguins  bunch of hockey robots, thats what they are..they suck..
fuk dont have her number on mii 
needs to finish his convo mag article  http://plurk.com/p/z1bo0
is off computer shopping - thank god fo credit cards.  I cant be without a pc 
could there have been a worse day for new rebecca + her dog pics??? r.i.p my bella. you'll be missed so so much by us all  &lt;3
@CMXIV plz don't! you'll have nightmares 
@_McLucy_ wat was the BQcrew ??? i fell on it at soccer  i fucking hurts wat u doin 2moz
im gutted, went to see about gettin tickets for proms in the park at hillsborough castle and they are all sold out, *sob sob* not fair!! 
@bambooisyummi um my mum didint find a credit card :'( so i wont be getting them tonite 
@SuperKelz haha wel its not all that fun id prefer gettin a bus or taxi lo it was rainin 
@TumieZee you people and your random fights! tsk tsk tsk.... but i gotta say i knw!!! i hav them all the tym!  y cnt we jus get along! lol
bit sad atm...on thursday is the concert of my favorite band...and i cant go there...nobody wants to come with me 
@DinaMcGrate hahaha  I got it! You're a new star on the sky!  aww gurl you make me cry. i miss you.  peace
@superandy_07 was just kidding cause you just tweeted &quot;&quot; and nothing else lol, aye well lets hope so, im currently cleaning 
rom web         @bryan_viper i know! can't go till hub gets home from work tho. 
@kayteeeleanor awesome. i forgot it came out. any good? my mum never bought sims 2  haha history essay.. hmmm, i'm only thinking about it.
eek left computer on all nite accidently fell asleep gota revise physics tech n music now cudnt find the physics paper  anyway cya
was about to gout outside, but my hoodies gone :O chloe! 
@bhavis why dnt u tell abt such parties in advance?? kya re.. 
why dus history revision hav 2 b sooo boring?? 
@michelle_j70 lol ur soo mean..  btw pop tarts and ice cream 4breakie??!! eeeww lol that deserves a pusha t (uuuuuuuuuuucccccckkkkk)
reading all trace's tweets lol...hes in da phillipines. I'm going to sleep now ready for school 2moro 
watchin hollyoaks omnibus...cant believe justin has gone!! 
@JonnyBlueLove hey computer i was using just died cant email am using sum1 elses computer  mayb 2morrow.......  c ya xxx
@sianleigh_ to watch some fit boys rowing next ot the river but i have revision so she wont let me go meet jack from ono  xx
@aaahaa @_PokerFace ashley agress with me too! but the brazillian looks about 10! 
fuck this...its way too early to get up on a sunday for soccer  back in peterborough
hello operator? pls connect me...to the human race, I'm disconnected 
@kim_pericles just so happy football's picking up  over here! don't think it'll coincide with hols though.... 
grr y dosent my picture change on twitter i dont want no white box how cud u do this to me twitter 
can anyone direct me to a torrent for kevin devine's brother's blood? it's not on itunes 
which will by nick drake starts playing, &quot;thats off that bt advert innit&quot; -sigh-  peeps these days
I have a demo teaching tommorow..  I hope I pass coz I really need the cash..
@Chersie aw ty so much, dead w/out ur help  haha yeah soooo the plan! watching some house and relaxing..until morn blah
i h8 wen the screen of my fone is broke ppl are txtin me n i have no money for a new fone, my friend is depresed n my bro in hospital! 
i dont want chris to move. deep sigh. 
milo all gone  meh twas yummiee
@ciara_sherry no fair....  I need to cinema quickly- gotta see Transformers 2!
@ste_vee the follow/unfollow links on that bitch dont work  &lt;3
&quot;jackie get it thru ur head ily&quot; -- I miss them words 
aw.  nagcancel 'yung 5y/o student ko. sayaaaang~ will not experience super kawaii tonite. on the bright side... http://plurk.com/p/z2o2l
im crushed at the way dragana the evil space vampire is mean to me on msn 
bye2x mrs. fields ! i will miss you ver much  * crying .
Tht angel person scares me  x
@Yeoj yesss i do lol it was my mission to update everyday but i failed at that attempt  hehe
@fsez wasn't hot; e cold season @ e mmt. but e hard grounds &amp; all actuali hurts  i'll be careful abt wearg crocs thou! and thx 4 ur tip ;)
@maddieprior ...angels...fairy's...christmas...nickname frm granddad while still in belly?! I have NO idea wut ur middle name could be!! 
evey1 plz pray for @heidimontag she's in the hospital and its not looking to good  shame on u @nbc
I cant believe james isnt giving the ucla commencement speech anymore  stupid facebook campaign
listin' to music mega loud ( as normal) and missin' my best mate as he is in wales   :'(
Leaving  virginia and my bff and my jen  airport security let  me thru in 1 try n actually said 'git er done'
wtf. my V9 cp is f*ckin missing  huhu .. I left it at home then when I came back .. it's gone .. someone stole it from the window (
@d_archer hey u doing an all nighter..i didnt make it last nite...fell asleeep at 3..  
speakin of prom.....who wants 2 take my place in the fuckin hummer il be goin in 
@upstatemomof3  most of my fam is cool. the ones who arent really suck tho, lol. dd is at my parents house 4 the weekend, its helpful
my comp makes a soft, hight pitch hum 
dear god homeworks boring!!!!!    i wish it was math,s cuz thn i cud google the answers!!!
@christina_82 no fun   would've thought swimming would be ok for you??
wish i cud listen 2 summertime ball, bu live in ireland so dnt tink i have it!! its shit 
ever felt completley empty and just wanted 2 die? i feel th@ way the now wish hings were bk 2 normal 
@bAl3xand3r stfu cunt cant pay 50$ to take his sister  lol
god its so depressing to be back in england after a brilliant weekend  brilliant do tho and my cousin looked really nice on her wedding da
@DebbieJay clutch prob lem offf the start damaged his gearbox 
gotta pack for trip with daddy and granny. poo! i will be SO bored. 
@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/6kb07 - come back tooo australia!  cnt wait for the new album, eaither can mii mom, btw she loves u guys. ...
@miloknowsbest hahahah ;) i did go missing 
uh...2morrow vacations end  need 2 do something for school... &gt;.&lt;
sitting here in my grandma's wake  she died like last tuesday,sooo sad . but, I definitely want her humungous mansion!  sooo mean :|
@rachmurrayX ohh did i  .. bummer was it just like our usuall chats? random facts and what not.
@darlingnickieb nevr talks to me anymore 
@em_ems  hope ur ok? im alright been a bit sick all weekend tho! stayed in watching harry potter dvds last night LOL
not tired! i really need to get a better sleeping pattern, i also want my present from zoe haha everyones knows wat it is except me  lol
@LilLefty yhaha yah 'the ole camry'  broke down twice and its been in the shop since wed 
Something about driving into vegas at 6am with the sun shinning in your face kinda kills the magic 
why on earth would i put myself in a sam darn situation like this?? 
mr donnans classics jus gets more borin the more i have to learn it 
@Ellebeeeeee hey doll i know hows u hows tiny god seems ages since ive saw u 
babying eric cuz he sure does not feel good. hims got sulfuric acid in hims and maked him itch reeeal bad.  hopefully we can make church!!
@Gillxox i got a tshirt, poster and these chances t enter competitions but twas only for usa tho!  u shud join? 
pissed cuz youtube deleted my most popular vi &quot;get buck bitch! 32 sick barz&quot; ... i dont have it on my cpu no more so i cant re-upload it 
R.I.P auntie margarete&lt;3 great news too hear while I'm on ma way to church 
@pdurham hahaha... shame!  go get some bacon... lmao
just got up hell im tired i need a red bull but there banned  guess ill just get some coffe 
woo long ass day in manila.. damn mayne. timezone is a wallet killer im dead broke  but it was worth it I.D.3&amp;4 own 
@kidbritishmusic we loved u at pigfest guys! we cudnt get into the mill  love eminen, emma bunton an lady soverign
@bradhfh heeeey, that's not nice. i still have some of your old stuff on my ipod! haha. still haven't visited me in perth bradley 
jesus motherfucking christ i haven't updated in sixteen days.....nobody missed me 
god i'm depressed now. just done german homework 
@pookystone arizona is B-E-A-UTIFUL.. we're just hangin out soakinn up the sun and shopping a bit..sorry i didnt make it to grad 
its cold now too  Just know I'm not gonna pass media this year and wreck my chances at getting into portsmouth grr
watchin tv a sobbing for summer and missin my cuz buds and friends sniff... 
@viktoriaamarie Aweee da babyyy!  it's okk, once ppl see we starred in a movie together we'll defss get more followers ;)
@xSTEPHYB oo cool broke w/ 2 jobs don't mek sense btw I'm the nicest person u kno don't call me names 
@tommcfly do you like heroes? that's cool! tom, reply me, i'm going crazy sending u so many twites! haha, come back to rio, wanna meet u 
windows7 starts to crash alot, fails loading, load prog/even normal win expl very slow since yesterday 
is already missing her team  http://plurk.com/p/z4iz8
lack of sleeps give u pimples  #fb
writing boring english story 
i miss the bb live feed 
@nellong y is ur eclipse and breaking dawn paperback ? dats not even out here yet 
watching mountain bike downhill world cup from fort william, recorded live from eurosport, wish I was their this year, but im not. 
@MedSchool is there a demo inbox for med school and is there an age limit? cos im 13  or do i just send to hospital inbox? Cheers alot
hmm why the hell does walmart keep associating themselves with @mileycyrus ugghh now a clothing line too 
still no plans......    watching kings of queens and house of payne.  very funny
@outofcontrol09 hey did u take ne gd vids of the girls' last concert yesterday? cos im dyin 2 c some, and no-ones put them on youtube yet 
wtf I just found a pimple on my hand!!?!! who the fuck gets a pimple on their hand.....fml. ps. it's not an std #nosex3months 
@1bigcurt thats what I want... im missing the person who cooks it tho    and lord knows by lil behind needs to start w/ balanced bkfast
@grantepowell  lol if u can get here in 30 mins or so u are very welcome  i want a lg cookie i think  id love iphone but cost way to much 
and ya, @sreejithraman da partey was fuN!!! bt 2 days in a row is prety tough on me  im getin sooo tired ...
*ugh* I'm still sore 4rm wrk yesterday...gettin ready for this company picnic wit the babes...chance of scattered thunderstorms 
is off t bed, goodnight ppl &lt;3 hafta wake up early t meet yeokaixuanzxzx 
The new atl song makes me sad! It's horrible! What happened to my fave bands this year! 
I know everyone likes reading about crafty screw ups. here's mine today: http://tr.im/nGsA had to vent 
@ccmatthews aww u sound a lil down  . did u eat somethng?
just goin into town now need soe more food ive got none left 
wishes @SaraKeywan would come online shes probably having loads of fun on sims 3 shes been ofline for hours! so jelous 
@HellenBach eh????  You mean there won't be?  Right that's it - I demand a refund 
@xsiobhaaan aw nut. i don't like him   it would be fine if it was rodrigo.. cause hes a babe. nane of the others but! haha.
aww boys  now I'm all sad. dammit. poor tim 
@JaneishaMissVI stuff to do as soon as i reach there...so i mad like fuck!!!  @YairaBermudez cummin up in aug..so u need to visit so we co
http://twitpic.com/6u8ht - mr bump is a keychain.... 
@drerperiod i tried to tell @chr0nic but she was soo sure lolol.... mann i wanted to come but had to get this studying done  how was it??
stop and peace? Lets get it on-marvin gayle..  ?
@JulieeM lol yesss. I still aint seen joes single ladies dance! 
ouchie  resting after yet another drs. visit!!
@bowwow614 my biological dad aint shit either he a drug head, &amp; every1 knowsz me cuz of him   (officialbowwow live &gt; http://ustre.am/3gi1)
@Mahliaa and she well pissed..shes a catholic christian..and she was really upset..bt i wudnt class my self as a christian no mre 
@BATTLEFEST nada at wrk while everybody go 2 summa jam  lol where kirsha?
8:00pm! hmmm. tomorow is so near! nooooooo please! 
Is on his palm pre but gotta go to work n a lil bit  sucks...
@metaflex the brooklyn hip hop festival? yeah ill def be there. im still waiting on my ticket tho 
rubbish weather   hopin to c dislicated shoulder boi nxt week yay !!! ha ha ive been owt for dinner was luvley x
@claireychan ohhh hehe.. damn if it were the same event.. then i can see you!! 
@kpThomas what's crystal castle? And u saw dj am and the yeahs yeahs? 
my tummmmy hurts  &amp; mrs. whitney needs to grade my author report faster! -___-
@bekki_x haha, i know. i thought jonas were expensive, but 40 is nothing, now im paying 60 for miley! 
I need a cameraman to help me with setting up the lighting on my lil sony webbie 
@nursekaren singing in aurora nowthen gotta head to country creek off hwy 27 for a gig from 6 - midnight so imma miss the show 
@jojo_da_realest we shoulda got a room but i see u found someone to get one with  lol
@_neal good call, def could be, I'm hella jealous  I guess I did get a car...
I'm just sooooooo tired, can't b bothered doing anythin but lie down 
@kat_n @sammi_jade just fed up with everythng and everythng is a bit crap at the mo  xx
target sucks they have like hannah montana but they dont have dance or die with a vengeance boo 
it certainly has been a slow/boring/dull/horrible/mind numbing sunday 
im going to go look at puppies at the humane society... mr. puggerton is waiting... and he is adorable. i wish i could get him 
 my tummy, thats what my brother gets for buying me candy.lol
talking to gf on msn and she misspelled a bunch of stuff and went &quot;whats wrong with me&quot; and i replied &quot;downs syndrome&quot; and now shes mad 
@Coonniee no, i'm not crazy  but nick is just mine, hehe, miley go kill(?) i'm so bad in english
I'm pissed off at bf.how hard can it be to take some time out of ur sunday to cast a vote?apparently too hard for bf, cause arse didnt go 
@tay_tothe_lor haha same, i don't know anything about stupid irish history  ahhh coool. How's the host?
i'm back in effect...i had to start from scratch! smh i know i know!don't ask 
@Karinaland yeh it is american boring! 
@Yonoooy @Yonoooy my dad broke my tv at my room..boo!! it was on my pc but he did something with it and now it's broken down 
@pratana i still cant put FUKiiin pix up on twitta yo 
@eilo18 ehhhh salisbury takedown or summit? :// ymas, wato &amp; tig. my 3 favourite bands. i want to goooooooooo 
wishes he could be at len's baby shower in san diego with the rest of the fam 
even disney couldnt cure my concussion 
@VixieManic aww baby whats wrong?I've had a manky migraine so had a quiet weekend watching tv in bed  xxx
@Gillxox awww im in de mood 4 grapes but dont hav any! 
It's almost 4, and I haven't accomplished anything...darn bob evans for stealing my gf. 
@AimyLeigh cool and do u no the link for the pic ? and i am thinkin of stop writting my series cuz ppl r unsubing 
gene juarez...impromptu blowout! gotta wait til 2:30 tho  my mom is getting her hair dyed.
@hannmcfly :'( i feel so betrayed.. nick santino likes harry potter, like obsessive stage. and so do mcfly  looks like you'll be giving me
I miss my best frnds.  cnt my cusin cum home 4 just 1 wk? hehe
@akaxabbx39 have fun @t holiday hill!!!!!!! missing out on it  whatev. whatev. seriously, have fun! ...especially with mrs.kendrick XD ha.
@SBWinner me too  no one will ever be able to mess up with lp an chester!!
@mileycyrus exited for buying yur  tix tomorrow! r friend steph cant go cause ur concert will b on a sun. and we have to drive 2 san jose 
@Jaynecollinsmac did any of the girls flirt with the blue boys today? and im gutted annie an nick didnt ask @FrankieTheSats my question! 
@b_club hey. give shout outs when ur box is empty. i am trying to call. miss ya much 
@youngmoneyreef aww  well which came first? the alchie, partying too hardy, or the broken heart. probably the partying eh? ha ha?
@xCemeteryDrivex I know that sux...we could have like the most incredible band though...there's gotta be a way! 
WTF!! The signal on our tv is gone, I want to watch something.. ugh, fuck texas.. los angeles, I want to go bad already 
lots of good tv shows canceled this year.  shitty deal. #fb
Chilln by the beach...unfortunately i have to stay under the umbrella  at least im feelin better and have a nice view.
@dougiemcfly thanks for the opinion dougie ha ha 
@claire_mcgovern  hey! I have no money for miley tickets 
with the likes of harman and farage is it any wonder no one votes? in other sad news james morrison is supporting springsteen 
@dougiemcfly thanks for the opinion dougie ha ha 
missin my babe. he gone for 3 weeks in virginia. 
@MCbutterflyfan too bad my family dont think the same... my fam hate gays  
@Tamarzipan yout lucky  i fucking despise school rn lmfao.
seriously..last nite was a nightmare..ughh 
via @kevin_mcaveety: a wont be in yur graphics class  al get people tht are on my msn and ma pals involved
and i still havent got my phone back. silly sister forgot to get it, told her to give it to my mum in the wed, prob forgot that as well 
@heybrooketay WHHHHATT. whyyy.  that means alexa wont go and ill be a lifeless loser.
I know  ima fight my manager
school tomorrow  could be good though  p7s visit the day afterr  heh heh heh heh heh 
Crickeys, #markmartin is going backwards! @jen_niffer  #nascar #clap
got ma fne bck on the go....bin the longest day eva  lol
: i've still got the grade seven kevin stuck in my head, and i want him out, because grade nine kevin SUCKS. 
doesn't want to stop playing sims  I'm addicted I know. I just wish my computer was a lot faster and better cos when I try to fast fo ...
Missed out on a riot in manc 
kate shoulda won the apprentice, sad no margaret next year though 
is actaully having a fab night with her girlies online haha xx , still wanna see hudson  so cant wait for weds pleaseeeee be on jane xxx
big brother actually sucks soooo much now.  i wish tv was good  thank god for little britain abroad then family guy. but i should sleep
I'm running out of bucks  that's the bad thing of having to go to a lan house to do what I like to do, af
just saw some seriously sick pictures of tongue piercings gone rong.. im kinda second thinking it  :S
clock plz stop ticking for a min! yer flying way too fast 
Haha bobby quinn pulls up yelling get the mexican and his awesome dog licks me. I miss mulberry 
oh dear god. im working on saturday.  and tomorow i need to invest some time into typing up a new cv and applying for that job in vodafone
@springlamb i havent a clue ! is elaine following you ? send her a dm ! god i hope things work out 
okay i lied about comments again..but i will do it tommoro. got distracted by criminal minds...mmm dr. spencer reid ;). school tomozzz 
@ruthy23 It's good to have something to look forward to, I have no hols booked at the mo 
also im feeling sad tht my favourite celeb couple r spliting i just wish the damn press wud leave them alone!  xxx
ah the chance of me being able to see miley is becoming less and less likely 
@cazzy4k so sorry to hear that babe - thinking of you x i'm having a crappy night arguing with jake about kimi's performance 
&amp; my mom is giving me hella attitude for no reason.  ugh. fml some more.
no sims with alli tonight  by myself i guesss play at 5 to 9 then myspace till 10 then sleep so i can get up early for miley presale 
Realizes that the list by ne-yo. Makes me think of a couple ex's and the good times 
@rrahhh24 arrr god im not gonna be following him! awww i miss 6th form and the study room crack 
@loopy_lala it's a shame they don't see the programe and think the same as we do when we see it. 
stupid blackberry. cant get it to send or receive txt or email. just stopped all the sudden. tried taking batt out/*228 nothing  
@SlyCatUK though theyre not pc zone n stuff, all look like pcw n pc format so doubt we will have any joy 
@hopealicia neither have i  but i'm determind to go there sooner or later haha. yep a lot of energy. but i can't wait. england is so  x
@tysofly awww...eff brain pumping...I rather be playing thee sims 
rowed 9020 meters. i'm beat and this damn headache wont go away! 
@petewentz in the 6th grade my english teacher made us learn how to spell that word D: thanks for reminding me of my troubled childhood 
@sir_peter_  :o derren brown as in the real celeb dude??  wish i was there to ask him to hypnotise me into being a non smoker 
eff this nausea business. just gonna hang 2nite n watch movies with my dad,craig,&amp;peanut. love just layin around. boo bout my foot  ouch!
@GLBriggs oh i haven't a clue! think i'ma give it a miss this year tbh no hotties for my eyes!! 
@emxjstaal11lvr you going to the igloo to watch on trib tron game 6? i really would like to go but its like 4 hrs from here 
is watching foxfire - shame angelina jolie's in it 
woooo watchin britain's got talent or somethin?  should really be in bed but  xxxx
jus got to ashleys...bout to go see the hanover! yayyy! and bberry broke!! 
omg @hockeygal4ever and @kuraihime I am achingly jealous of  your fun places w beverages!  I'm in a haunted office) haa.
@tommcfly tom  you never reply me oh god! u are my hero you know?,I love you.I miss your voice in argentina! 
@craig_steele haha yeah i am a lazy person  i hate that about myself lol
@Lihis nope not yet I got an import though the other day  and nah loads of people actually do it's jsut they like NEVER promo over here 
sumone tell me wats goin on in the lakers magic game wen it starts i have no access rite now n my phones diein 
ughhh! lay in bed feeling... travelsick?! wth lol. but seriously, don't feel good at allllll 
wants to go to the jonas brothers world tour soooooo freakin bad! but cant  saddness
@emo_zaboo ugh...sorry about your finger  yea, you should really follow matt_tuck on twitter....i'm lmao right now...he's sooo funny!
@baseball_mommy dont blow up! 
cant wait until the new moon movie hits theatres but in australia it usually hits us last  
@mileycyrus  do it like the french, dont say goodbye, say au revoir (it means see you again)  It will be fine. &lt;3
sophie took an awesome spill and bloddied her nose - I hate sundays...at least she's all good - just swollen  
some how all my shit got deleted on myspace  super pissed! now i gotta fix it and it will take forever. http://www.myspace.com/wildchic5
@AshleyC33 I can't say that I am  its the dwight howard factor, I just can't bring myself to cheer for that guy.
katie who is the head of them   at least my real friends will be there for me as i've said before tough pple go thru tough times
@renee_martin we need to slow down as a nation, I agree with you 100%, but I am still too rushed to cook a lot  #sustagchat
throwing the exercise ball at my bro's head lmao... but it bounced off his arm the 3rd time and it hit my laptop  nuoooo! it's fine now =p
@ko0ty i just love love love my current ones and i wish i bought 10 more pairs of the same one! can't find any that can replace them 
@Principessina22 catherine got them  sorry mama! get some and come anyway! tailgate!
@Facenaughty nope the closet one is far in jersey &amp; pennsylvania 
@true2lifemusic hey hey, i missed you guys today  so i'm gonna need to celebrate with the true2life fam asap!!
@TheJuiceReport what did u end up asking nicki I got the message mad late 
i want a puppy ... from the pound. i cant believe that guy wouldnt sell me his french bulldog for $300 and an iphone 
@AlexNicolasCage yeah shure  ii love you lol text me hun ii miss ya b.f.f
@VeeAlvarez i kno what u mean it breaks my heart when isaacs like mommy i gotta go to work with u cuz u cant leave me  but yes girl
@XGraceStAcKX how much data do u get on ur phone, 50 meg? ur lucky, i didnt get any this month coz i only recharged 25 
kobe with a block!! and a missed alley oop from odom to bynum 
@juliakdub haha ohh. i'm sure she'd be willing although i feel like her lack of apposable thumbs may make it difficult to hold a pen. 
fried ext hard drive &amp; very nearly whole library. I'm still in the doghouse &amp; itunes won't make play sound now. crappity crap 
@vonilicious the fact that i don't know what i bought him? yea, i wanted to replace the ipod that got stolen during xmas, but...w/e 
dammit... another turnover by the lakers 
mayb preg sooner than thought. Or mayb fam took u in woods to leave u 4 dead 
why oh why did i volunteer to write my final auf deutsch?  it's lower quality thoughts and taking about 6 times as long 
@TorrenceG lol I had a photoshoot n harlem.  anything worth youtubing?
@stanlopez thanks for lettin me crash @ ur spot this wknd..would call ya but kno ur phones broken  miss ya lots boys! @stanlopez n @esco83
@chevale  hopefully they wont delete ur acc  oh no pet society! &amp; sorority life!  just hope that they wont del ur acc! just doonntt 
i am never sleeping in till 12 ever agin LOL, dammit gorgie went to the movies  now im bored and the sun hurting my eyes
I should start using this thing more. I'm in slug mode right now and my boyfriends birthday is the 9th. He's gonna be out of town 
gasol makes it 90-89!  but howard gets fouled underneath and one   91-90
me and him broke up  wuhzzup yall need sum cheerinq up
@tigerwhispers I haz no sewing machine and I fail at sewing in general   I can haz ur skillz? XD
@LizTessari a necessary evil for me.  gotta keep track of the comings and goings ya know?
the devil wings werent very nice 
@happychaos444 write my paper for me and i'll be done sooner! hahah i want to be done too  almost!
@yyacobsg ha ha.......ok. It's at the hectic part when the ship is going down. 
why @chancedcochran is your nem favorite person, mandy ?  I thought it was meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
@dani3boyz  #nhltweetup #twtvite: damn, none of these things i can make. 
@JeJa6 yea I know but no intenet in my house  womp womp!!!
@liilii89 awwww thas sad  wat mall did u fall?
@Betheaeroplane cuz i didn't like it  i picked it up real quick for date/easter. i'll buy another one. maybe you can help pick it out.
scorpio's are one jealous bunch  I hate it!
wishes for a karma boost, PLEASE?  http://plurk.com/p/z7kf6
awww nights almost over   amd monique has sex wax the best for ur stick haha
@CamDawson omg that veg video was matthew lush. he makes me wish i were a gay man  and im sorry you didnt get a library card. how is that?
No more awesome tp that felt like wiping with jesus.... Now plain old 2ply 
No reply from lil sister in indonesia..lil sister in malaysia also have no time to see and lil bro in Matrikulasi..no news also..hmm 
@ArmenianPrinces its metroid227, i dont have my xbox right now tho. that little red ring came on around the power sign. so i sent it in 
But now that I kno, my feelings r hella hurt bc I still don't kno y she's upset w me  &amp; this is not bestie behavior
@juliamorse no, vanessa wasn't there, sad times! And I didn't get to take any pics  but it was awesome!
@vb0515 sorry i'm on summer vacation @amelia_heinle idk.. 
@angelomiw I was so upset at that! I love cm punk but I realllllly like jeff hardy  and I thought they were friends. bummer!
well my hamster died... thought it was wierd i hadnt heard it in its wheel that last 2 nites, im not sure why....i fed her  
@Katehlouise your a failure in life katie ... tut tut ... i didnt think that this alan carr chatty man was a chat show  let down !!
@xo_amanda_xo the worst is we have huge windows here and people are coming in shorts and I'm wearing a jacket cause its cold in here lol 
true blood or lakers gm tonight...well both ! mixed with mad meds cuz i gots the shwine 
hi every1, been away for awhile, i have really broken up with my bf  . have met sum1 thru txt chat room who is helping me thru da breakup
@tommcfly y'know if i were a cat i think that i would look like marvin (: hahaha i love you fletcher, wish i was going to a gig soon  xx
@emoney_ idk how imma get there such shrt notice I forgot the game was today  buut imma most likely be out there 2 morrow w lauren !
@melissask3 @IAMCHRISFISH u w suck  i never beento hawaii!hhah jk love you cousin &amp; fish thats were i want cruise too! hahha
i miss my old speakers  they were so loud! wheres my golf towel?!
@iLuvLinkinPark Haha awe, well I'll buy you one  lmao jk I don't have any money 
@jude282 I miss angelina  we need to do something about this
watxhin sum movie wit jackie chan...i c slackness goin on :-0 lol phone had went dead  lol
watchin the denise richards show on e at nursing home with grandma ... the new roomate is sniffling eeks! 
@chelseacriner u gots* gah i cant type. psssh i ruined it  lol
@trvsbrkr thats some radical partyin...i guess us southcarolinians r just party poopers 
@jbamor91 yeeeessssssss!!!!haha ,i'll go wit u!!bt ii cant get it :/ cuz my dad sayz ii shud jz download it &amp;put it on my ipod so ii gez 
Sucks when u loose a poll cuz of alcohol  I get the msg
@alexacaffrey you? i just started this um...an hour and a half ago. i asked perez to be my best friend. no response. sad 
&lt;grandy&gt; whats worse being a cubs fan, or selling rv's that are nicer than your house 
Its cuz you live in a boring area 
@jredondo i dont know what imma do  i will keep loving you the same..no matter what! a&amp;f!
@georgina_anne same, cause my english accents really good  haha
@AliceCullenRPG  icant find jake 
@R33S glad ur home! sorry it wasn't a good day  ur free now tho!  yay! i'm tired, mister. blah. i love sleeping but it ruins my life.
@swallow aw cody is me bro 
youtube &lt;3 lol exam in an hour friggin r.e urgh 
ripper my entire house apart... no luck   where oh where are they?
Its lowkey depressing when a dj spins and I know every song they played  ( not in referrence to the heist boys)
@RajaMukherjee yah that was a pathetic display of indian cricket..... succumbed to the chin music from the english bowlers... as always 
@itsmerudy   i haven't seen a pair of cool dunks in what seems like forever. no one does it like rudy the qt.
looks like i missed 11:11  - (i was going to wish for an A regarding my chemistry final tmrw!..i suppose i could settle for a B!..hahah)
ughh i feel kinda gross  going to watch a movie, then sleep. drivers test in the morning agh
@aus10 faaaaavorite! .. grant, not you, lol. was so happy to see him tonight! even if he did torment me with guitar picks. bye, cma fest! 
Just stopped playing mario and was one world awa y from beating the game! 
omg that's so cuttt. poor nick!  jimmy can smyd.
@rachel_a whoa link didn't work 
is watching spongbob wither her lil sis......leaving for work in a min 
@ak618 cool! too bad Giants aren't playing on your bday 
hm  the basement just feels lonely now.
missed the final nba game.  oh well. at least the lakers won! until next year.
cant plurk via bots.. nor text... so im tweeting... saw ack tag me in the underwater photos from kuya steph's cam... cant view it at work 
@patrick_f haven't had the chance to watch it yet. now i'm afraid. 
i think i might miss the static-x gig(meh), i feel abit weird about being close to people(double meh) I lack the sleep.  I lack teh pepsi 
The previous comment about bungee jumping it's not true, mika dont wan to do bungee jumping 
@Musicangel88 only three more eps til matt smith becomes new doctor 
@Lykeria awwhh poor kerry  haha it was iight we watched hp, drank ya know oh and we looked up ghost stories and i was so scared 
@jonathantonberg - cheers for the le mans link mate - never got the chance to watch it.  I think i have the last hour or so recorded tho.
I missed the first episode of jonas. ha  now doing my art homework.
@turab235 dey r jus 10 kms away frm my place but i dont think nybody r allowd to visit em 
... my daughters not being herself ,but theres not much obviously wrong with her, she keeps bobbin her head 4 no reason n wont eat??! 
eh fungry la. i just realized i tweet alot when i'm at home. blame boredom  omelette perhaps? but there's no cheese 
hm, my firefox just doesnt want to start anymore  now using opera
@JonasAustralia I missed jonas  I'll watch the repeat!
why are my parent's fighting? it's annoying.  i miss the noise tbh...
holy shit almost got arrested for dui. thank god i was sobering up when the cop pulled me over... 
juz chillin and watchin vids... probably my mum would call me soon.. need to study.. missin my gd fwends on holidays..no one to chat with 
@SongzYuuup laker fan my @$$ lol but I'm still up bORED and just can't sleep 
umm no it doesn't someone had that on their update and noe for some reason it posted it on mine 
so mum just chucked a spaz, &amp; now wont buy me the formal dress i want 
mutha fracker .mkv file.. looks like encoding will be needed, might see true blood later tonight 
there r mcr dolls and gees is 170 bucks and mikeys is 40  hes important too! bass r not appreciated 
@lorenzobro I can't i feel like shit! + the jonas brothers don't love us!  i hate everything atm! but mollie fixed it a bitt xxx
also alone in my flat,naked time! would go dick matts door handel but matts hand will never be back  just not the same wheres fi's spoons
@nickjonas i can't believe you're in london and i couldnt get my sister tickets for the show  crap!
okay jk. this guy just told me i was in the wrong seat  so now im in the aisle seat  adios amigos. ive gotta turn my phone off while ...
supernatural is on tonight. ohhhh yeh. i forget the add for this one though.. latley they just fight,, and theres no demon deaths 
about to go for a run - oooo it hurts 
@pussygaloria007 im good, altho just had some nasty treatment at dentist  .. right yr pen...un install ther drivers &amp; start again!!!
oh, checked my email &amp;i just won a ticket to a loaded dice dj gig @ rosemount but it's on the nite of the @PTUB triple-banger b'day bash 
is going to start her english, which needs to be done arr ... it will take too long  .. who cares about poetry?
@bearbearred @janetfungus some lame cardigan on ebay for $32 dollars  coz i lost mine when i got drunk remember?
thinks her hair looks good &gt;.&lt; (theres a change) but doesn't think it will stay for tomorrow 
and zee day has ended, and zee sexy man haz left zee showroom. and now i am verry sad.  no more of zee eye-candy. 
@mileycyrus dude ur backround is amazing and i heard about the break up  feel better!!!!!!!!! ur ten times better than him!!!
okay so vue dnt have any jobs 
  alice is beating be at my scooby doo board game!
@jamesperry5 haha nooo  i have law tomorrow aswell!! whats that about!!! are you? i did not enjoy unit 5's paper either!
@albertsthings seems like you bought it already ha! LOL &amp;theres so many things i want before my bday, not to mention festival tiks 
going to bed. school night  german 2moro  gotta put up with the bitch until i can get moved out of her class.
hangova yday in wrk n den a thunder storm brought 3leeks in my department!! nt funtyms at al!!! 
@glitteresque some long cardigan for $40.. coz i lost mine during a drunken excapade  woe.
ohh. dear...no more matches to watch...gives me hearteche...  
is bored at home revising!!  but its not too bad coz i am revising the lion king!!  hehe!
@GTSW eat sleep nua play ~! of coz song... but back to reality tml! 
It's sad...like justin broke up with miley or whatever it is.  I think she's real better with justin than nick ! 
@otterlpb btw he's ok he's just pissed. we had really good dis. on a # of topics. He's become a man right before my eyes no baby anymore 
@LaurenConrad pls take lots of pics since i cant get to any of your signings! transatlantic  xo
Haha this made me laugh! I used my girlfrieds ipod, bad idea huh?  lmao  http://twitpic.com/7gi7t
@LynneHutcheson well its trruuue! iv just checked out ur favourites-am majorly jealous!  do u think @wossy feels left out by my username?!
hmmm - here goes, first twit - I now know why it's called GlassFish - drop it and it smashes into hundreds of tiny pieces 
@meglud I finally went to sleep sometime wayyy after one, when I'd been laying there since 11:00. It was awfullll. I miss you wade 
@charlie1983 so do I  looked for tix for tues but they were shite!
how can i hurt myself playing golf... one of the most placid games on earth and im in pain... god hates me 
@nathangielis they aren't scum coz they are a bit sucky atm. poor Raiders 
sis din made upto good entrance result 
feelin ded dwn 2daii  got blisters on me feet n im literally on me bill in this room 
gotta finish add maths project. huhu 
depressed i didnt win nova jonas comp  its too good to be true i neva win anything
on my way to skool thinkin bout dis test ugh!! 
is tryin 2 decide wot 2 do wiv her day, so far iv cum up wiv nutin 
@officialTila plz follow me back and talk to me!!! I dont can call you  bc i can not listen your cute vote! lol xoxo thank you very muuch
@reetzman I hear ya about getting rid of tan lines! I need to work on that myself, no sun here lately 
i hate going on base.....  gotto take bella to the vet  have a great monday
I have a fucking infection on top of my foot and my dad forbid me to go swimmin coz it might get worse  but he doesnt know how crafty I am
@Raps_fan oh and being a toronto sports fan, it's clear my team never wins loll  they are all teases
@ickabahdsimp you were right about the LAKERSSSSS.  your alwasy right.
@morphiine kya karen yaar.. so many clothes here and there.. I dont have any good habits to keep my house clean.. 
Is so hot... I cant take it... I jus look lyk a skinny punk in a t-shirt 
@sjm28 and saw beth when wrath was drinking from her,aww shame  the raunchy parts just make me laugh tho,damn he must be good! lol 
@LaurenConrad love the hills n its sucks that ur nt in it anymre  u wer one of the nicest dwn to earth people on it x
the bf's in hospital  he fell on his back and they think he mite have damaged his spleen, naw chufft
my face feels a bit crispy...haha...i suppose thats not good... :-P although im looking tan... :-D wish i could live at the beach... 
@abtnova can u please tell me if the jonas brothers competition has finished im a finalist and apparently it has  ill b devo if its not me
@missescarter I was that way yesterday. shithead called and was rude to me while I was at nikki &amp; adams shower and I started crying. 
lots of hate going on on ning by the aussie fans. 
Man I've deffo gotta sorta my body clock out 
@willclarkfan22 hahaha love that commercial! &lt;3 but I don't like the fans who do that  it's so rude to the person they're asking! it's...
on my way to iowa to see my cousin visiting from dubai! will b out of commission until 2morro nt 
 wtf, cole why are you being a fucktard just stay human ! this refers to charmed btw
is wondering about dinner... needa finish : art, r+j essay, bio studying, greek studying.. omg kill me 
At bro's golf tourney. 3 over thru 3. Not the best start 
haaaa school was really boring today the only good lesson was art hehehe paint all over meeee  xX
http://twitpic.com/7gslm - nikki and me messin i luv that girl ....but that was on ur way bak from not gettin or miley tickets  ...  ...
packing my luggage.. sms-ing him~ &lt;3 relaxing music... hell.... im really missing someone 
does scotland smell? maybe we should ask @mileycyrus or @britneyspears or beyonce for that matter since none of them have gigs here 
it needs to be sunny out and alot hotter outside i mean it's the middle of june we shouldnt be wearing north faces or jeans 
@lizzie_xoxo @katypayne getting to your house  unless my dad can take the shitty van and drop me off... but idk where he is.
checkin this out &amp; bored 
oh no, i have to pee in a pot  for this diabetes test, but the toilet is in the middle fo the waiting room, everyone going to see my pee 
@AricaLatimer very funny.call you later. ha ha ha.what a joke u made  i dont have a phone girl!
@shoghon I'm working on getting much better healthwise so I can join my fav ppl 4 karaoke madness asap! still can't smell a thing 
ah the pick nick was great but mow im missin my love 
Cbb with life sooooooo bored got a punny and i need to read 3 chapters in a book for english cuz i went on holiday and missed thm :| 
@iKierra cause ur tombout qoinq`to the mall and didnt invite me 
@WHITONA he just called picking someone he hired from bk then coming to me.. we have orientation manana.. NO TWEETING  @cheraustin
@thebeanboy23 NO you cant watch i wont be able to do it proply with u there &amp; this is my grade  its poo anyway u dont deserve kisses mwaha
@ree_i I WISH!!! I'd give ANYTHING to meet them!!! I tried to get hubby to *hang* at their trailer with me - just in case...he wouldn't! 
My dad forgot my ipod etc 
is off to mercury 2nyt but sucky fing is i got work 2mrw 
What the fuck? Its hailing out  anyways watching lafette play in the finals on tv
@numskullery bah! deleting some texts and saw yours! when the hell did that come in?? i was busy, but still! i wasn't rude on purpose 
need more followers, pls out of pity!  hehe
yes, my first windows 7 blue screen, doing nothing than just an rdp session from my macbook, after that my outlook doenst start anymore 
@krist0ph3r Its britney spears vid bot  with a picture of a lady looking at a penis  couldnt she/he/it be more creative?
feels bad for my fellow iranians in iran 
@ltbinary cant find teh moderator pic any place sorry  if you find it then let me know ill grab a copy
@Gkmck its soooo loud and i have to travel through central london in all this crap 
watching nightmare before christmas and really wishing danny elfman did jack's voice for the whole movie 
@RazzleDazzle27 I wish I could clock in and get overtime, but I'm salary soooo I my check stays consistent no matta how much I work. 
omg it burns sooo bad!!! i gt sun burn on my arms but i also gt a tan i needed dat. i think im going 2 start peeling ewww 
note to self~ grrr good grief women mustard up down inside cuz ur room omg needs to be clean  ..some ..just a lil..lol..
@scribb you have enough to cry about atm, don't add to it 
&gt; @SapphireChic @plastiqq..somehow i doubt that 37ism is not existent in @ayanyanks...but she just needs to come to terms with it!!.. 
hmmmmm why isnt my bloody webcam working properly????????? 
@cat_elliott hope you're having fun!  Too bad jess and I weren't availible to meet you 
got the monday-blues...even though it's evening allready...really hope all turns out well for lindsay...would be the mess if it didn't 
my god i want to be in wembley more than i can describe. knowing i had tons of chances makes me so sad 
So I step out n shorts a man n macy's changing a light bulb drops the damn bulb tryna look at me cuts my leg like he's neva seen legs b4 
@jimcourier ok-140 char.not enough for this topic!-the newly encl. stad.@wimbl. would be unbearable closed w/some players grunt/screams 
@jtr226 I waited for a year alrdy  sigh* I've let the opportunity pass me twice! Lol and yesss &lt;3 my asian man ne-yo! Haha respect!
@xpianogirl ohh man. wordpress is so big though! how about...idk 
interview went gud, but not sure the job is rite 4 me tho 
@JelleDeVroe nope sorry  just a few uk dates to get me back in the swing. haven't done anything since last year lol.
gotta write 15 pages about witches in the middle ages by thursday 
@mitchelmusso i just wish i could go to your signing. but my mom is a HUGE bitch.  and wont let me.
@mikal_d nah not a fan of hers whats so ever  lol
@antkatie omg dude almost died this morning I hit a guard  rail poor betsy 
needs to find a good jodi picoult book for english grrr i hate reading 
Goingg to sunsettt  shoppping and shit; i miss my bby 
@JadenSolo aw jt you're gonna break his heart.. And hell write a movie about you 
@demi_lovato_rox  It wont let me vote either, not matter what I change the age to it keeps telling me im unable to 
@jim_sterling Ah you and your ego. I can only aspire to someday have an article so grand devoted to me 
offf to work...boooo 
just landed in minneapolis  somebody feet stank on the plane ughh... lol
@gabhustler I may be hanging with someone but I'll let ya know maybe we can all go together, right now I've gota go help my mom  blah!
@anna 1525.: i already didi try anything...  you can vote form 13 till 19 and I'm 14 so idk
@fallingdown316 lolol I have no idea how  and I'm so hungry ha
@ekanazhwa don't worry i'm not. something else tht bothers me  btw 2nd issue i'm lovin the dee's solo spread cantik sgt!
@hgreilly omg you got me  lool
@f_torres09 congrats for spain! but that's such a boring game to watch  spain won so easy from nu zealand.. gudluck for the next game! 
how come celebs never write back to my messages and they do to other ppls ugh!! 
@helloimcj what happ to hii'm gay? was it taken 
correction her name is spelled shia labeouf  im such a lame duuuugh. how you gonna like somebody and cant spell their name correct...  
sooo tired because I only had 3 ours to sleep  reason --&gt; breaking dawn!!! love the books by stephenie meyer
@GonzoLubel k go early 2rw &amp; run around screaming gonzo is the coolest person ever!  i just realized i never got my picture w/ morgan  lol
u mean ur looking forward to me getting in truble? well ur nice... 
@muhchizzzle yea! it was so random,i thought for sure he died, and those ppl in the basement! pooor lafayette 
is catching up with the last couple of katie&amp;peters,finding it very uncomfortable veiwing,you can see the cracks startin to show 
Wheres the kr3w at?  why is everyone apart?
@stimpled0rf minus the loose women u mad?? lol aww definately needed the rest! lol back to work 2morrow tho  not good!!
@RosalieHaleRPG and edward and daddy carlisle 
think i just burnt my throught with a supe hot chilli con carni 
i think we have a spare but idk if it will fit 
@mileycyrus congrats ! i would vote but apparently i cant  , dont know why ! , anyways, good luck chick xo
@FearCake oy best of luck at the doc's!  i hope it's nothing too serious and that you feel better soon
@moanyboot  *applause*  ha ha very gud. like your 'interesting pressies' over the years!! handing pc to gaynor 
I wished if i could go along vt @babygirlparis and see my bff in dxb..i really miss her soo much   fond memories in deira city center..
@jessica_redman awesome i wish i was there but it takes like 7 hours to get to ldn by car frm  where i live  u lucky thing lol XD
Oh my god there is NOTHING on tv!! I'm so bored I've been watching tv practically all day  god my life's so sad!!!
@djdkid it's called king gorge. thats ill how is the music going for you? same i've tried to start the fashion but i've been getting busy 
is sad cos she is on shitty internet cos mo has gone home  and she is stuck in hull all aloney with only wine and dvd's for company 
dayum dayum dayum! my client confirmed 4 2night..no drinks 4 me  well the bright side is i'm get'n paid!
@jacksonjarvis thas too bad  hafta get you over thisaway again sometime tho. hell, haven't seen linanne in ages either miss you crazy gals
gettin ready for tennis practice... i cant believe im goin 2 miss mitchel's concert tonite @ planet hollywood in times square! 
WTF I need a fuckin ps1 memory blahhhhhhhh sony why? 
So my laptop won't work. I turn it on &amp; theres a black screen w/ just a cursor &amp; it won't do anything else. So i had to borrow bro's comp 
shit shit shit! i dropped my camera and it broke! i just filmed a video on it too  and my dad is pissed cause its the 3rd camera ive broke
@rachaelwilliams hey you, good weekend? done anything awesome? x @jennyrevelle yo yo yo... how are you? it's been aaaaaaages  x
@jbmcdlts   omg hope you're ok feel better &lt;3 p.s. did you get your cd 
working ppl espically nick.. with symptoms like that... I want myy lvatt cd tonite. I'm sick of this shit. ill just have to get it tmmrw 
Home from taking my girls 2 the dr. they both had 2 have shots!!!  They cry...I cry...I thought the dr.was going to cry!!!
@jules ---the mechanics are good as the radio guy on saturday!!! @thx to alex...i'm crying a little bit 
@LilGrasshopper aww I hope u get better  wana know something funny...I just found tht on my chest my hand is marked there XD
@kaz00_40 i didn't watch it all though  csi. i liked the duet he had lol. oh and the ending part where he was in the blocks 
@belleann someone took or stole my silver camera you used cuz its not in my bag anymore  im' so friggin PISSED!
@Widgetty again now after a small sneezing fit-hopefully wont be too much 
@annieomnious    can it be fixed?  can we make a new simple one mayb?
@benjaminmadden mate, are you even on sex without love by ben lee?  cos the internet says you are but i'm not hearing anyone else but ben.
@BiitchyBeauty I dnt see u on my bbm list anymore  where are u?
so tired.. still got a achy head and heart  (it's 23:22 in germany) love ya &lt;3
@mileycyrus hi miley!! sorry 2 b a pain but y no dates in scotland? my daughter tj is devastated  member ur scottish fans luv u 2
ewwww its raining and gross out today  lame so don't wanna leave the house
allso makin planz to pee on @the_nerdery'z desk. i can haz luv? guess not 
@PaoMiami thats totally a pr person saying that stuff. lets hope this isnt the beggining of the end  it made my tummy drop..
i have poison oak  I don't know anyone who gets it as bad as I do... so, i'm reading salem's lot. text mee
@mroneof yes shit was crazy. I can't find my cds.   I had some early bad boy mix cds with lox n mase. 98 flow....
@YungBZ looks like the tax calc area is packed. Loads of em around 
im really scared off the thunder its right above my house wish i had a boy to hold me 
Man i wish i could be in chicago to go see @theellenshow for her tbs special. 
@riversideboy i am online i tweeted u earlier got nothing bac  well done on both ur milestones u tooo busy biting people lol xxxxxxx
@DPrince2124 I hope not my doc doesnt kno the 1st test I took 2 weeks ago cam back janky so they making me take them again I'm horrified 
Just tried to save birdy. hes still kicking after he flew into my window. 
no sox today...trying to get my mom to buy me some tickets...but i dont think that shes gonna give in  studying!
Waiting for the second episode of family guy cos I have seen the first one thats on 
idk how the hell ppl can txt with a flip fone... my fone dies n i dnt know how i will go on until i get my charger bak 
@xolp omg that sucks  my last ipod was totally destroyed on the back, because my wonderful brother decided to stand on it. On purpose!
Its storming over here! I'd get there half thru   shake ur bootie for me, k.
waiting togo home ! leaving good for nothings, can't do nothing for me &amp;my life niggas behind . this could be our problem but nah... 
@sammy_DQUE I looooooooooooove that movie but I can't find it  I need to go buy another one but idk where to get it cuz its kinda old. &gt;_&lt;
@Brodasaur hahah your a dork. I wish colin was close by but he just left my house 
been playing the wii dance mat omg insane!! so much harder with the feet and controller nothing like what it was on play station 
@kellyfarrington  thanx, bb.  i'm sure he will, but i'm still a mess over it. his toe is gone! and the meds have him all woozy. poor boy. 
@dfizzy mexican resturant? waiter- and wat will u be having tonight. damon- water.  hahahahaha
is at this hotel sooo bored 
Fixing 2 clean my room! Its a mess but most of the mess is my sis's! :/ An shes not cleaning it! 
no matter how many times i watch philadelphia i still manage to cry like a baby everytime 
@TristynLeCroix I'm not pregnant anymore  I lost it on friday... soooo sad!!! but at least I get to ride the rides at the del mar fair! 
excited for brownie making on friday with @natalie_1990 and her little sister.  o my my life is so boring without uni 
@heva__x nope I did not  seen lemar, danielle lloyd, a boxer dude, the woman from location location location, boy george, megan fox....
@LifeScript sum of us dont hav our fathers n our lives   but im gona spend tym wit grandpa guess i'll call my dad 2. havent talkd n 2yrs
@sk8brdjad3 i dont think a pic will give u the full representation of it as the eye does...I tried a pic already  looks wack.
@mileycyrus oh miley please add me  i'm flor_js8@hotmail.com yo your contacts please and @ddlovato too 
@amandapalmer at work watching auction and thoroughly enjoying it, but possibly about to get in trouble from my boss  om nom nom dildo!!
just got home from the courts... yeah its madd early... the rain fuck it all up 
ok so all the random question marks in my post were suppose to be pictures.......lol...guess u can only c them if u gotta iphone 
i think im sicky.  im super tired, don't have much desire to eat, &amp; my head is burning up. oh noes  good thing it didn't happen last wk?
hahah took a nap man ... lasted 3 hours &amp; now i have to do hw  its not alot ill get it done but im gonna watch friends for a bit...
done. apparently the grass needs to be 'weeded, not only cut'. she's a tad too particular actually. i miss liz for 908 
my doggys cheek is swolllenn cuz a bee stung it 
is bored out of my mind....  I want to be in california.
@TheSuzieHunter omg so jealous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! too bad my computer cant play it 
@mrgno do i get wads or iso's or what? i have no idea what im doing  and i have a whole stack of dvds
@mikegentile hey stud. go figure you come to the land of whores when i am gone in the bahamas 
@Polkadotperla sigh..... broken dreams    there's alot of obama look alikes!!!!!!!! it's still possible!!!! lol
it's my own fault for not using a hammer &amp; nails, but i forgot that when using pushpins, your thumb is gonna hurt a hell of a lot 
internet isn't working  watching twilight and helping mommio write checks. soccer refs make bank yo!
i am watching the insider live and i sawed miley cyrus break up with nick......ummm isn't that old news? im just angry 
flight to naahville just got delayed  cmt awards tomorow nite!!!! oh and also, it definetly IS lenny kravits, he's on my flight,prety cool
@joystiq refreshing for the pas thalf hour  my arms are getting tired ::((
&quot;im gona have an early night then get up dead early at 6 to revise&quot; yeah right, like i can do that when theres a killer spider in my room 
Watching sweeny todd woo, wish seth were here, mom and dad weren't down for super bad turns out 
@jeanetl i miss youuuuuuu too jeanet  everyone keeps asking for you!! 8 more more dayss til your back hahahah &gt;
ack. i definitely have a cold. not good.  no wonder i've been feeling so run down!
grandpa batista  he is going to have major atrophy when he gets back. . . i can fix that
@CopyAndChase as soon as i came back i saw my pm on cam......thats just mean chase.... 
@mileycyrus well dats cool butt pleez tell me u dunt hav anymore kissing senes 4 ur movie 
cant wait for bedtime, so tired and yukky sick, cough cough, sniff sniff, boo hoo , sux to be me 
@licarenee its prob. still round 200 
its clearly june is this cali weather is lame...im ready to break out the mini skirts and over sized sun glasses 
i has a fever!!!! guess me an arkansa wernt ment to be 
damn i juss finishd watchin the last episode of prison break and......michael scofield dies at the end !!!!!!!!!!! 
my phone broke  ive lost contact with the outside world...ok not really but i cant text now. or twitter much. did get my room painted tho
the many things I wanna  do tmmrw. go see allstar in long beach and go to lauren conrads book signing.&amp; bros grad. but I'm doing none 
@lexieelizabeth What's the matter, bb? 
@bowwow614 qo live wit ur fans; u always seem like you're havinq fun wen u qo live; unless u be foolin us  lol
best buy. i need a new portable dvd player... my dad broke mine  boooooo and i have 6 hours in chemo manana... boooo
@dunn_dadda actually she sounds a lot like gwen stefani, she's a mix of both...I like all her singles, so I supported 
O.k. I have 2 get sumtin off my chest...being alone isn't fun  now I know y I have done some of the things I have...cuz this ain't cool!
@tcv nope, not that one.  pics from ones i made were lost when my pc crashed last oct. 
oooh me likey this vegas crime special on dateline. makes me miss vegas sooo bad  hey @patrickaxe lets get back there!
@chrisaffair ps. i need more of that amazing pep talk of urs 
@iheartbrooke @vamoe @ladysaboss yall didnt invite me 
why are channel nine playing repeats of ellen!!!! 
dear ock tshirt, i have not been wearing you as often as i would like to have been these last few weeks 
@enrapture_ omg! im starvinggg!! and my stomach kept making those growling fart sounding noises in class  *embarrassed
@KnockmySocksoff ohhyikes   know that feeling allll too well.. im sorry bb!!  when can i expect that call back? id love to hear from u &lt;3
@sn0wf10w cool man. looks nice. my ronjon sticker fell off on sunday. 
@tonymatterhorn no ask tony tonite???  http://myloc.me/3YVq
@jackiecolgate i thought for sure tanner p would go home (creeper). ed was my fav 
someone beat my personal best scramble score on fb and knocked me down to #2. i've been sitting on that score for almost a year now. sara 
@einfach_mich damn ppl, spoiling all the fun times for the rest of us ... 
@joystiq you lost a big fan joystiq.you really dissapointed me, the code was gonna be my birthday gift  thanks for being bad to me joystiq
still kinda bumbed from last nite  then again im also happy... and slightly confused? does that make sense?
@cashstwit http://twitpic.com/7il7d - dang...johnson cut all that beautiful hair off  he still looks good though ;) nice stage!!
went to rachels and watched taken.... then watched terminater 2 but had to leave bc mom was tired  going to the pool with rachel tomorrow!
@feltbeats nothing for brazil ?  if tom comes (?) to brazil, we gon' make a surprise for him HAHA
@thefashionisto there are few stuffs I want To buybut they don't acceptcabadian credit  I can send it to my frien inthe states
@sparkly72 I tried to save yur comment earlier from the swarming and hit like. I dont think it moved tho 
lookin for some themes for my bb, wish i could get the new iphone then unlock it for sprint. none of the ways work, its all a scam 
ok I know this brisk walking on treadmill is a bs workout when I can tweet wit no problems..damn u hip flexor pull! I wanna run track 
dang $140 an hr for jet ski rental..cheapest in miami..dey trippen..dat woulda been the perfect way to end my 21st bday weekend.. 
@chrissie_ i dunno but we should!!!!!! &gt;:00 if we are quarrantined and not paid thats just ANNOYING. yucky to be stuck in a lift 
i am gettin a lil nervous about my surgery 
why m i taking the nclex in shitty pa, everywhere else manages 2 email ATTs but no pa has 2 use equally shitty us postal service. sux ass 
whhy are all the frosh seminars on fri? and they all get out at4:45 if I wanted to go home thatd be waay too late  boo being 3hrs away
casey that is pretend singing 
@emaphotography everythings ok... been out of commission for a little while 
@bananawong ooo that's not good.... i had that on my pinky once... it was really swollen and hurt like hell... hope you get well soon!!! 
I feel like i am the only one who thinks that charlie the unicorn is not funny. 
@gummibalu ha for my budget I am at most getting 5 Lol I am going to try and get them to down prices lol. For real nothing 4rm mac? 
jus got bit by a mosquito 5 times. Thats 5 more swellings... 
my biggest crush got on the bus and said hi and asked how i was doing...i wanted to pounce on him right then in there but hes straight. 
sooo tired and wishes to rewind to april 11th cuz that concert kicked ass...to bad cobra starship couldnt play 
watched runs house great family: reminds me of my own(in sum ways); miss ma lil sis didnt tlk to her allday nor see her1 
http://twitpic.com/7irtn - if only: NEED black shoes for tmrw's grad ceremony.. i will lust after these and wear my old steve maddens 
@iliv4hm why is mine taking so long!!! 
@williamtprice We start recording tomorrw  but we are recording at quad studios where neil young recorded harvest. I may shit myself.
@LiLiBadAss ugh and ima be up that way 2morrow.... 
@rictusempra darnit. I'll have to see it at home since I has no flash atm 
i am so homesick for ga that its ridiculous. almost to the point of tears. im going to bury my face into my new christopher moore book. 
@TiffMaa yupyup i'll def be making a brief apperance at ssp to see if i know anyone still there hahah doubtful though 
ok. peeps any ideas on how to get my iphone to work??  it looks like its turning on, but i can't see the screen enough to do anything!! 
@@katin &amp; you didnt even visit me!!  deng your like super mom hah thats funny why did you keep going back &amp; forth?
had a row wth mom....feeling bad ab it 
@JaeShaunese &amp; i havent been on to promote...didnt do follow friday...  grrr my life is in shambles, school is bitch slappin me
day was kool bf is becoming a marine  its tuff.
so i'll be off now. am getting ready and watching tv besides  see you in school again haha xD oh no i'll write a biig french test 
n how weird it is 2say &quot;g'nite c ya tmr&quot; 2 someone &amp;every1 else instead of u &amp;@xsameehx  wow..I'm really goin thru an early midlife crisis
is watching 'real miley cyrus, e special' and drinking a cuppa. bored though, to early to do anything  xx
the last king of scotland is a great movie, just got finished watchin. missin my baby 
#haveyouever wanted to start a trending topic but thot no1 would be on it 
#haveyouever ...seen so much black when clicking on a trending topic...ohhh ohh look racist! 
Someone take me to the dream/keri hilson concert tmrw 
purchased sum travel size shampoo bottles &amp; just realized tht they dont hv the plastic recycle logo. does tht mean theyre not recyclable? 
@xo_melody ahaah oh awesome! when you open the videos it says ringtones and the link doesn't work for anyone  what the heck! 
well new york was great, cant believe were leaving so soon, time to head off to the airport, bye boys 
@dannywylde lol. I've had ppl draw an paint me, but I have never had them let me keep the pic 
ohhh I'm so scared...I gotproblems w/  the printer      What's wrong with it ?!
@kkmariejb23 SWEEEET but what if like trace cyrus sees it and hurts us  lmao jk
)  :-D (LOL) :-P (woot) ;-) :-o X-(  :'-( :-&amp; (K) (angry) (annoyed) (bye) http://plurk.com/p/1193st
@richie666 No, they will never get together ever again! I am done. I am jealous. I am lonely  Where are R &amp; M?
I rly want the new sony vaio pocket pc but a waste of money.. Yes/no? 
@Princessssss aint no sunshine when ur gone  its actually plenty warm when ur away, but the house dont feel like hommmmme!!!!!
And tony doesn't want to do anymore  thts his lost
@janilynn it's so sad! i know that there's probably so much more in edmonton but i neeeeeeeeeed to buy something!  lmao
@joemauer good luck, lets see some more of that power! goin to game sunday vs astros better win! 0-4 at twins games ive been too 
aw @ patrick  don't die. wonder how matt feels now...asshole.
dang...music wont upload...soz maggison 
eee i woke up at half 3 this morn and didnt get back to sleep because I was craving coke, not the cheap kind I had in flat, real coke 
going to school in just awhile, bff and m plz say have fun enjoy yourself haha 
@viveksingh sad and looks like ur down wit fever 
@Eriyanna that sucks  are you managing to find something todo? Or are you bored out of your skull aswell?
@powe106la .. hey no power house this year?? if no aww so sad 
@Jolaessss the beach was fun! I got hella darker though. And if we do go camping this weekend, I'm gona get even darker! 
i am at home trying to relax!!!! miley cyrus is comming to l.a. and my daughter is upset cuz i can't afford it . 
@aurea57 tried callin you back a lil bit ago...gurl I knocked out after work! Lol...I missed my shows tnight  call me biatch!
lik its said in my myspace, i just wish sum1 can jus take me seriously !! .lol but w/e.. imma b a single old lady with 27cats   =\ 
getting ready for school!  cant be bothered to do my hair!!!! lol xoxo
@bindii_bby so have I but your my short stack buddy i cnt go w.o you  anwser ur foe plz
@dina on second thought, not sure if that's what you need 
@abelacuna: ahh...the joys of internet...and cable. boohoo hoo.... 
only 9 shows left w @benkweller &amp; jones street station 
@steffy213 ohh. damn i'd probably shit my pants if i got lost alone.. this website is so confusing 
@tee_gee ick   at least I had one strong, black small cup. All day O.O - no wonder grumpy.
@Jularybox  hahah get on msn duckling!
shamed on me  sorry fiance cos being so cruel..ya now i know u buy the tyre and change it your self to cut cost..poor u cos tired..i luv u
hope i won that take 40 live lounge comp...but i think some megan chick won it 
Volkzone: hugs please: feeling very low atm and need someone to put me in there arms and comfort me  http://tinyurl.com/mu5zv8
@kennytsm okay this is damn fun.. i saw your msn and i decided to sign up. god blesssss me for thurs' paper.. 
to: @alliephonics: mean! thx for the support could always count on u. yay family. LOL ;) hehe @jacdo - blessed herbs colon cleanse. 
@britneyspears http://twitpic.com/7e33i - oh god! look at all them people!  i wish i could go to see britney in manchester. but i dont ...
@DanggItsDevin hahar, whaaat concert youu goiing too? man yourr lucky  youu couldnt go &amp;&amp; not geht me anything ahar. 
i was hoping to go and see britney in manchester tomoz but doesnt look like it now  find out who is up for the public vote in big brother
damm..always got knocked out with pocket 10s. 
that movie was pretty scary.. idk how ima sleep tonight 
ummmm rip to micheal (jasmine step dad) 
@lazyass_ hahah were we that stupid in year 9?  god i hope not. and if we were, not stupid enough to ask a teacher! i mean google much?!
http://twitpic.com/7j4ct - shes gone 
@joleneeeee @mingmingminghui me threeee  sunday dinner at jiaminzzz's shop zi char &amp; celebrate our 4th bday! tell y'all more online!
@JansportJ crack music for diddy, diddy cant rap.  i hope he dont search his name.
Thinking about not using gmail anymore 
@_hayles hey sweetie.not bad.sore throat,so not speakn to any1 all day,dont wana lose my voice again  hows u? russ tweeted alot last night
@petraamuljadi me neither pet! It sucks.. I think I might fail an econ unit this sem..  *fingers crossed* hope not.. When r u goin to jkt?
@justinesc things i dont like about brisbane - helen yuck and you being there, not home with me 
@stefan4m why do you even mention junk chain shit like tw.getter? the link provided by you marketed your tw. account 
I saw the haunted house! Tht haunted house is near with my home! Aaaaggghh I totaly freakin' out 
wtheck, i got disconnected from xbox live.  i guess it's a sign that i should sleep soon.. my mom called me a vampire cos i'm up so late.
@mediocre_mum thats pretty pants  I gave up with ebay and amazon a while ago after making so little for all the effort put in
@damita the absolutely useless knowledge of cognitive modelling tells me, that a brain can't be full *urgh* my brain still feels full tho 
having a LOT of trouble getting cafs finished  #highschool
Making my baby bottles then finna take my ass 2 bed its finna be a long day....2 months without seein my babydaddy startin now 
@coulsonmacleod i was hoping some hot water would come thru, i got warm  besides i wasnt counting lolol
why dont they develop a version of backtrack 3 for mac? I dont want to hack innocent neighbors networks on shitty windows or linux 
.curently in an argument with my mom 4 givin me outdated milk..... my world is'nt pretty anymore 
thinks kok scarface filmnya raga gajelas   http://plurk.com/p/11b1q2
@mileycyrus this is such a joke! i cant vite 4 u for teen choice awards coz im from ireland grr! 
@sambhavmehta i understand computer n microprocessor quite well...itz jus diz programmin dat i dun feel lyk doin 
@LisaTroy oowww my little hopes were getting up!! how they have been dashed  sob sob hehe ok maybe not...
i hate mysteries..esp dose dat involve ,me.. 
@JoannaAngel sry 2 hear bout car. lo-jack should help, however, escalades are easy to steal, and it's prolly been chopped or in mexico. 
@QueenBxoxo awwft wots up  ? ohh alright lol ;) direct message ? :$:$
i feel like my 2nd toe is suffocated but its not but yet it hurts like crazy no lie 
i freakin dont have voice. thats what i get for eating too much skittles and too cold drinks. ugggh! 
hello, still not feeling very well  lunch with my bestests should cheer me up! daren't eat alot but a good gossip will be good! x x
doin maths investigation...cant walk wid piepa n david n neema. has 2 catch bus 2 pick stupid sister. english hw due 2moz..life sux  
@vani_k i agree vani...its so disgusting, and ppl just sit and watch 
@cc_monkey hey how come u got ur twitterscope already today i didnt get mine yet! boohoo 
fidn 2 go 2 sleep lol damn u kno wen u mis some1 so much and u kno ul never c them again  until next week haha idc comedy mother bleeper
Waiting for tuition now. I wanna go home and sleep!  Leeching off someone else's wifi is kinda really awesome.
@LittleYellowJen yah it is indeedy...i gotsa put another log on the fire its going out 
@feelthesexism mmmmm my bluetooth is FARKED and wont let me download the oics to my puter  ill try somehow...
@BernardMc the girls i live with have decided to move to a house nearer their uni and im not in a position to sign another 6mnt lease 
My cli.gs are  all still hacked  The guys at @cligs are being very helpful though, hope it's sorted soon...
faith no more at the corn exchange! tickets go on sale when i'm in france  someone fancy being my new best mate by getting me 2
@sarahbruntonn yer my least fav is poisen ivy i love before the storm 
@JoHart i had my 35mm which had the 1.8f (joy) but meh to getting in close enough - caught all the suburban shite around it 
jeebus, how much does THAT suck? beware the faux march which is actually a way for the despotic govt. to round you up and hurt you. 
@steve_gray_ where were the Pixies!? ...not that i could've gone but i would've liked the choice 
blarggh sat on my todd in the college courtyard cos everyone else has some silly lecture  lovely &amp; sunny tho!
@emma_truswell don't get me going ;&gt; he didn't want to stay  I've rang twice already, going to pick him up in a bit. I'm ok ish, how's U?
@el_kev You locked my home  I don't fit in in banter
@cristinewhoaXD he didn't?  aww. I`ll give you the pic soon, btw! )
crew controller called, not goin 2 rome anymore  but back 2 tunis instead 
@da_kar @theelfyone @shane_murphy cheer up folks you want to be having a day like mine, woe is me 
k so annoyed not goin 2 da duke of edinburgh thing cos i'm not well now does dis mean i can't go 2 bgt 2night? 
why the wether is so bad and make's me sad   feel kissed xo xo Brity
i need my last sy's social filler. ive been looking for it everywhere, but i cant find it! 
I like how emmas texting paul ufjfldl my life sucks so bad right now!  I spoke to him on the phone tho. Why is his voice so nice 
@eveebug thanks for the cig! I wont bum again, I was just jonesin'. &amp; sry if I was bitchy last nite, I was excruciatingly hot &amp; uncomfy 
@kevin_reiss I still get a little misty thinking about it - she's grown up so much and the #Nats have gotten much worse 
@becky there is no more chcolate left i ate it all 
so i  wake up n walk down the stairs look outside n notice that the pool is empty. hmm wats tht sound? Thousands of dollars flying away 
i really shouldnt wear 3/4 lenghts when my legs are so sunburnded, pealin and ugly  i hate sun burn grrr &gt;
@JessyDK Why'd ya ignore my text, I was being nice 
@katieboylejb katy why arnt you in school , mrs montgomreys goni miss ye 
@CatYong88 hey cat... nope i wasn't invited to anythning on clarke quay. wat's happening there? no one loves me to invite me! 
@garry1bowie but u finish early 
tryin 2 get wel. as fast as i can. dint think of gettin attacked by influenza virus...n the worst part - gigantic tablets.  ...tut tut tut
only peta wants to follow me  i wish someone i admire would wink wink nudge nudge lol  still searching 4 pink tik june 27th
@alchemist1906 wait a minute ur older than me??  wth lol
I rly rly wanted to go see the prodigy  and I DON'T want to spend two nights in dublin!!
F***in boss bitch and sheva dunt help u at all the cow 
Just arrived home frm wrk.huh! tired 
@mission4mars37 omg what happend ?? I'm worried about you 
Guess im gonna curl up in a blanket n watch movies all day until jeff gets home to rub on me  i hate sickness..
i'm starvin... got to stick to the bikini diet tho 
@ppheart oh! hmmm.. tt sucks cos u wouldnt be able to meet my sister!  hm or we can meet tuesday night? like for a drink or something?
 My moodswings, nobody's online, meh.
@BoomKatt yeah ill help wow ur coming then going  when will you be leaving for good?
@michelletangxo aw  I'll send you one...if possible hehe. Hows mars bar and her little crush XD
@Gingernyc probably but 8yr old son in hosp for 4 teeth out thurs and he's a  bit of a drama queen with blood  think i'll stick with 4
i dont want to go to school!!! i have to sing and dance in front of lik ea thousand eyes!!! argh kill me now 
@jenison_ lmao! i know, right?! jeez, hilary duff, miley cyrus, .. stupid disney people. whatever happened to snow white?! 
@SpankRansom ::sigh:: i feel very small for not picking up on that.  i'll just remember shes always wearing T's to make myself feel better
@beccarodriguez They didn't have the mojo classic britpop, only mojo with kings of leon on the cover 
@exoticmaya i did!! i dint see you  youknow it was hot as a b*tch in there &amp; i wasn't payn attention lol
just woke upp  still so tired.  well im hoping to go to the mall;;tan;;and the fair tonight ! text meh babii.
ugg tyra look like its abt to b wack 
Missing the victoria secret semi annual sale cuz of work 
@MimRyan I didn't win the compedition  ill have to go on friday with the rest of the population :-p tnx for the heads up though
oh joys, my compressor for the a/c unit blew; maint guy had to replace it  getting cooler now
di mana adaaa  anger management class. cuz i seriously need one.
oh i'm watching the episode where rachel and ross break up 
@JizBSB omg really? that sucks  do you have more pain killers until tom?
no one good is gunna be a the parade!!  I heard jefree star was gunna be there..
On ma way 2 ma shitty job   sumbody rescue meeeeeeeee
shopping today for lil sister's graduation dress, bittersweet feeling; cant believe shes all grown up 
alex doing my nut in and xbox live down so cant shoot things on c.o.d 4 
i have a stats quiz that i have to take before i leave for south padre, and my book hasn't come yet hahaha kill me. 
ft belvoir hobby shop is close mon/tues   oh well
@AshEsquire but its the heat that makes you want a perm also ... well in my case cuz i straighten mines 
i hate rossi, tratior, hang him for treason, 
@rikg35 this is y i should be in texas  ima look up the closest frenchy's right now
@ryanlange i took a spill on my bike  i think my elbow is broken? idk. hahaha
@MzPopularity  so wht we got planed i cany drink though  i need to get my nails &amp; hoves dne think im  raiding ur couch worn lil man &amp; bug
@janeebaker aww thats a bugger   You take it easy driving home tonight ok xx
it's crazy how u feel abt a death when u dun think u    kno the person, its crazier how u feel when u find out u actually kne them 
damn.. all my friends are losing weight !! complex aa gaya  *got to lose wt got to lose wt&quot;
i really feel sick. light headed, sore throat and stinging eyes.  cushions and hot choc wud b gud. my bf is making me curry tho yay!
@dirtydizco hes good, gettin big..he lost his first tooth the other day..so hes not a baby nomore 
@vivaciousmodels I'm still in az  need to move soon but have to handle some bs that my old roommate screwed me on b4 I do so
tired today.... watchin mindless tv n wonderin why the heck there r sooo many adverts 
@anneftw noah &amp; me are the only ones w/ computers and noah wont let me use hers 
i miss my mac.  but im having alot of fun in myrtle beach! almost broke my ankle from a giant wave.
@InnerHarvest as far as iranian electns.. altho dey r havng a recount so thngs r stil undecided.. but khameini seems pro-ahmadinajad.. so 
@watchasifall kay watch out for huge transport of cherry coke for you xD i got so addicted to it while i was in london omg 
@mindywhite well thank you for reply. love the lydia record and your songs on myspace while they were up  an e.p. would b awesome !thanx x
@ms_cornwall oh god damn it, didn't think of that arrghhh just spent last half hour blocking bloody h0tt1e women  how you?
Finishing up this darn lab hw. 
@jerry_albright Ah  I wish there is a good pic of mine lying in some corner of my computer memory.
omg jake  my heart is burning. &quot;its like jake's pain sets off little stab of my own
also I am at 80 karma and no ninja emote  http://plurk.com/p/11fm20
ooooo i need a new phone  mine keeps turnin off tho it has got half of waterloo beach in
damnit xbox live finna be down for 24 hrs 
@OMFGShaunieSays yeah but tht my only specialty on the subject, u kno u want my skill &lt; no plural ?? nope  
@rehna_tu @Ramkarthik hey there is some problem with internet connection.. gets connecting and disconnecting every 2 mins 
getting forces (some kind of braces thing for ur jaw) @ 1:30!!!    and i'm scared!!! ahhhh!  
a friend of mine jst xplaind oracle to me...&amp; i died...  friggin complex thing...thn she sez she jst tld me d basics...*died**again* :|
aww my flowers are alredy dead that i picked last night :'( and im sposed 2 keep them forever  dunt think... http://tinyurl.com/lu4xgb
@TheLDP nuthin i hav 2 wait a couple hourz to go shoppin  cuz my aunt fell asleep lmao
@jmhs It's an event with damon oppenheimer  those are always worth it
working, then relaxing.. no yoga for scott b/c he hurt his back this wknd 
My life was over when I heard my lil bro made all star baseball ans division two soccer...darn his athletic abilities 
@theBetaGuy I don't want to recreate alllll of my groups. 
I broke my fone and ive onli had it like 3 months  grrrrrrr I dont even no how it happend but my screen has lines all the way across it x
@baciami awwww thats sooo sad  and alicia u seen to have the weirdest stuff happen to you, first that janitor and now a por baby owl 
Eating spag bol in bed, got really disappointed earlier cos I thought I'd done like 7 pages of C6, then realized I'd skipped 2 pages 
goint to get lauren conrads new book, and mary-kate and ashleys book too! i need to do reading so i dont fart my brain out b4 school  hehe
liliana is allergic to milk  not like....gets sick, can't breathe, etc type allergic, she gets a rash on her face.....fml!
@sammi_jade yeh had a really sore throat   thought i was  gona lose my voice,thankfully bit better now.hws ur day been?xx
@ MGiraudOfficial yes u are &amp; ur fans are excited 2 c u! I personaly can't wait 2 see u perform but I have 2 wait til aug 
i got this txt out of nowhere today. &quot;i love you! im going in for surgery now&quot; from my sis. idk anything about this? 
early shoot tom but sleep evades me. I wish i still had sleeping pills 
choking like a dehydrated guy with a mouthful of crackers  gotta pull it together for hour 2
Just started screaming like a lunatic cuz something was in my house, with the door open, and yet all the ppl outside ignored me 
@diana_music cruchynutter is there anytime you are well? everything bad happens to you 
@jrela2000 that sucks grapes  dont know what all that car speak meant but its bad im sure
@jmatashi not even funny joy  lmao i knew you guys wouldnt lmao, but jheeze talk about rushing haha 
@ultraviolet__x i hope all them annoying disney obsessed 12 yr olds dont start pure bumming mcfly now after that 
off to sleep.. bloddy #vodafone GPRS not working. why do the lie at callcenters 
I miss bernie mac  4 eva shall he live through our laughter &amp; joy
she had to be superwoman &amp;rescue a damsle in distress. @dedicatedpoet25 it's cool. cuz it's raining! duh.. 
yay we're going to the zoo even though jon hates me. 
@naticeolin ohh shit ..  I hate our time differences .. I really wanna talk to you .. and now I am online on msn and you not .. 
$ su @murrydan yeah sorry man  I thought you just wanted to display a widget/plugin thing not everywhere just on one page...
Thiz shi d0nt make no damn sense 
there are 3 lil bitty baby skunks in the driveway with no mama around  hope they'll be ok. kinda cute when they r that little lol
@LorraineStanick hey! i wanted the cherish lipstick, but the email never showed  try cmc2418@truman.edu instead of tinacummings@charter.ne
@bl00dyvalen7ine that sucks mine envolves video games and drinking energy drinks  lol
@gamerbabe360 fabricworm.com is my other fav place. but can't help much with moda, i buy that in my local quilt shop. sorry 
@pappe_it_is lolzzz!!! naah the hunt is still on 
all radio stations are shit compared to magic and i can't get it cause im out of london and have no sound on my laptop  mmmmmm magic &lt;3
Raining at the beach  boooo when it rains everything gets on my mind
@andy_tbh you'll be out anyway because its pride... least you could do is come say buy? 
waiting while trav gets surgery on his eyelid... mad that they wouldn't let me watch 
@bimblelass yes poor kimi - he's have a crap year as it is without wishing more bad luck on the fella 
@jaykpurdy LOL nopiiez actually haha..I LOVE all the merch but they're wayyy expensive  and it's times 8 for me..what imma do??
tummy hurts  new album makes it a lil better though &lt;3
Theres been a cock up with my Saturdays Tickets!! Not happy!!! 
@legaceb3 oh shut up that's why I'm already off but I won't gloat bc I got class 2nite  maybe I should skip out huh?
@SaraLuvzThomas LOL I will after the chat..I don't want everyone to hear meee haha...I'm sooo shy tho 
@VintageQueen1 ooooh, poor megan.  braces aren't that bad...
@kendankicks oh!! hahaha! i thought the apple logo on the back did  ?xxx
So in the end. I watch like 10 episode of naruto. This feeling is so great! But i'm on my bed now  - http://tweet.sg
#iconfess I am way too harsh and narrow minded when I met guys. I am very &quot;negative nancy&quot; in my life as well   I gotta shape up
@ShaunSmith11 how wis edinburgh  ? did you hear us all shoutin wen the bus left from glasgow  x x
@boomx17 that's terrible! leslie left you!  lol.
@HeartsandStars umm babe ur not looking at that right... ur dads a goose  he says i need to loose weight too!! ignore him listen to me!
i wish i was at kairos listening to uncle mikey preach instead of being in anatomy lab! 
Tht is sooo crzy i love six flags 
@lifegrd31 truth! youre not a gg member anymores??? 
waaa! just got home, soooo hungry  got dinner in front of me, think i will watch a movie and go to bed! nigh all xxx
bye ppl/ ghosts  x
Man, I be gettin hella hungry, thn I go to heat up one of my pre-prepped meals &amp; all the excitment of eating goes right away! sooo bland! 
hmm fathers day, should i get my dad something, i feel that he hates me though  oor that im just someone to show off
So like finn get the bdubs, and chill...gloomy day out, where's the sun?  wtf who dude behind terrance wit tht big ass gap on 106
uhm.. i like tanning, but i don't like getting darkerr. lmao there's my confession. i like my skin tone 
damn those christians leaving jesus pamphlets on my door, paper cut 
missing my bro loads 
@brizanizz twiddling my thumbs reminds me of xbox 
@amieewhitney i dnt even know to do anything, saleee..!? lol i just wanna buy a hoodie but im scared someone will get my bank deets! 
@LenaDaGr8t smh pay that no mind we have enough on our plate honey I'm in class feelin like ish 
@ruthierogers sorry ruth couldn't get our monkeys...the park was expensive &amp; closing n a hr and half so we didn't go 
Hates self portrait drawings  also hates working kids floor and that's where I will be tomorrow 4-cl fml
@dannywood have a great show danny!! 21 days till i see ya guys. no 5* though  you can hook a girl up though ;) i wont mind 
anyway, tenho que me inscrever no enem 
@allieg0rgeous im glad to see your finally listening to the new fall out boy stuff, but i dont like that you seem down, blehhh  &lt;3 ily!
braves down 1-0 in the ^2nd. i missed mclouth up at bat though  hes first in the rotation
@Treenie5 i really do... unless there is a way to make atlanta a ten minute drive from los angeles 
@KYAHBABY I lost all the pieces for operation smh  lol
brad wins horse tourney - i did lousy should have given up on that flush i flopped in omaha - someone rivered a boat 
@NathanDarker hahaha. thats funny. you would die here in our 85 degree weather. yeeah I guess not.. i thought he got the picture 
@marito185 haaa yeaaa right.. im paying for everythingggg!  and yeaa fooo right now. imma buy u sum kobe shoes haha
my mom wont buy me the new jonas brothers cd  lines vines and trying time
@dear_gravity haha them im a superb creeper too kus i did the same thing! hes just too attractive not to! this is depressing 
@MGiraudOfficial why would you be dancing? @dannygokey country forrilz?! @lianapaterno stay homee  blub blub i wanna see you laterrz
is going to australia! meow. someday tehran, hopefully 
yay! mikey's getting me food from in and out. too bad tonights going to be filled with studying. 
how could u be so heartless? ur bringing out a side of me that i dont know 
Bad news about the engineering works is its on the liverpool - manc line, which means the bin dippers will be able to get here faster 
blerg. dislike reading about hawaii when i am not there.  even if it is suspenseful. the mind wanders. #ideratherbedoignsomethingelse
watching family guy, i'm having a major tooth ache have to be walking round with a blankie on my head oh god plz plz stop the pain 
@feliciaaaaaa I know bb. And whenever I'm online you aren't. I hate it. 
@srouser yes, need the deets  can't wait to hear all about tx wknd. no planz for sat, whacha have in mind?
@amc1988 yeah, i saw those....i was very offended by the braces comment LOL jking but i rly wish i ddnt hav braces 
stayed after school and bugged mr dopp and raschilla, I swear I'm guna miss doing that 
is back to reality cuz hes goin bak to bein a celebrity..... 
@SkrinkleBaby trust ur instincts mama!!!  protect ur son like a mama bear check this lots of regret mamas http://tinyurl.com/8oyt4
y cant a sleep  watchin that katie price documentary. shes so down 2 earth
@dani17dd aww mommy math exaam =( i think i didnt pass it 
@Cupreme.. I know, I know. I think we should do it again for my bday.. hey...did u start on that skirt/outfit yet? 
And guess what happens next. He says fuk walmart and walks off limping! One shoe is bigger than the other one!  funny as hell.
@keithRmcbride I was going to say something about him at least being here this weekend but hell prob be dead by then.  so keith &gt; charlie
@nancyadoresjon i never said the mtg joke LOL get your mind right! hahahaha besides he knows u beat me 
@SimplyJay31 lmaooooo das so sad  atleast u don't have this long ride back to ny lol *yikes
@zebr0 omg, nooooo. i won't!!! if anything, u will  ...um, i'll kill u first. but first, i'll need a knife... :]
@allieg0rge0us  we shall hang out soon! i hate finals grrrrrr  and dont forget we still need to go buy my booky wook ;)
fevers suck...  ppl pray i get better soon
@laRYANNN foreal youre in sac? i was suppose to go there on saturday to go clubbing. but i didn't really know anyone. so i didn't 
attending casseta and planet later will attend takes la of the ca profession reporter and to sleep because the tomorrow early has class 
@babyLOV3 where and how? I took teggy for an oil change at mr.lube and now he's broken 
teaching a big worshop in greenville, and my ipod died!!! what the,,,,,, and i have no back up 
hmm..not a good sign that my bed is like two kicks away from completely collapsinnng 
@ann_lovey wow! wish i could do that too ate ann...i'd like to go to a gym and tone down too 
@kRaZy_FrEaK495 hows guitar hero? lol and matts gone  idk why...he didnt do anythign i dont think lol
me N @haitianicon87 have come to da conclusion dat you cant turn a :-x into a housewife  damn @ReggieV2point0 @Ans3k1  @EricCirignano
@epiphanygirl gud luck in jerzy im a huge fan of urz. Rdy to c some rnb artist perform in the carribbean soon hpefully 
goodbye monroe and lip  you will be missed.
@downtownrob yeah I still feel like @ss  made an app with the doc for thursday
@ddlovato demi say hi show ur fan some love 
@gretskiarienne just a bleh bleh  the beginning of the day was good mon ami dont worry
*yawn* im tired...ice cream sounds gud rite now...we dont hav none  )-:
She's like a little kid lmao! // hmmm I can't believe u didn't like teachin. I feel that way bout being a nurse  @teebaby89
@iamspeedy it looks kinda weird on tv. i think i'll wait 4 a cooler pda phone. (touch pro 2??) i want a blackberry tho!   
sitting at applebees waiting on a plain ass dinner- bc im too sick to eat anything else, dammit! 
never did my math hw or studied for anything else. oops. now i have to put all my songs on my ipod cause they got deleted  then bed
working on my english project, i have to make a children's myth for 5th graders explaining something.... blah 
@panthermom111 they sore isn't anywhere near my eyelash... anyways its still painful  i hope i never get a sty then :-s
on my way hm from balboa to get ready 4 anothr nite @good ol grossmont! 
sigh. imaginary brian has left the building  *bummed*
@meljq21 its sooooooooooo hard to do   but i gotta do it!
you just can't have that one perfect shoe.  http://plurk.com/p/11hm81
hungry, but idk what i want. internet connection is being a d-bag. 
@azsunshinegirl7 awwww that sux, sry your team lost twiny! 
see ya later tweeters back 2 work 
o wow jordan just peed on my foot, 5 mins after he peed in the potty  uuugghhhh kids!!!
...Even though sleep will probably be a little hard being in my bed alone  (via @shannon_james): I'll come over and we can make Smores! k?
&quot;give lindsay a hug for me and thank her for the music on my ipod.tell her i love her and ill see her when she gets back!&quot; -- i miss her 
@MsAirMaxNHeels that's cuz u never gave me a chance 
I'm mad I missed college hill  I didn't get home from skool til 10:45pm..I had to unwind &amp; by dha time I did t.. http://tinyurl.com/nh4py4
@SingledOutJdan whoa whoa whoa hold the press. u saw my wife live? i never had the luxury   live off of youtube vids. details asap!
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/7lepq - looking good guys! well... nick looks like an alien XDDD and his hair is soooo short!  but I L ...
Shit he got offline. i think i love him.  i love you shane dawson. i dont care if you hate me but i love you. im sorry if i did something.
@biancamcnally sorry bub pats coming home - havent seen him in 2 weeks    why dont you come up?! x
not in jamaica anymore 
fav=talkin w/all my friends bout this guy tht keeps buggin us (mainly ME) haha least fav=when @tonfue left 2 hav fun  haha wish i could 2!
zz top  dropkick murphys were good though. getting grub, heading home. feeling alright.
hey why no onw is twitting why it's only my 
@johncmayer umm what number am I? is it too late? 
sigh. @thatkevinsmith at carnegie hall tmrw nite. if I had tkt &amp; limo I could cruise down thruway 2B there. nutz!!!  
@sarahjbates 4/5 times I've been in arms reach of him I get no love  I actually cried at the state college pa show cuz of him!
#squarespace shoul dmaybe give me back my real cat.  she'll eat the iphone if they don't, and then some poor winner will have nothing 
ohhh my god!!!!! this friday ..nooo.... my oral exam ..   well... I know ... I can do this... ; )
@nwoidaho I'm praying for it  I don't think you can get pepsi anywhere else so he better fight hard ;)
@Vickyt1119 sadly no..  going up to the lake with my fam, wishing i was going with yours
im so upset  i want to videotape me on my stripper pole and my webcam isnt working?!? like that photobooth thing wont open..who has a mac?
anyone doing anything today? itunes error lagi and i dont know how to deal with my ipod anymore 
Just joined facebook. Does any body want to be my friend? I have none     http://tinyurl.com/le9tv2  Pleeeease!
im stress eating. good god. this night isnt cute. at alllll.  
dream team sleepover minus ash acc.  watching &quot;he's just not that into you&quot; with rita and tyna. &lt;3
U just lost ur man card @OJthekid sorry  *smh*
@JonWashburn hey rat! no dm response? 
@katie_jonas awe..too bad about your bracelet...   i sent you those things i recorded from the sunday at the cma fest... did u get them??
ahhhh! im so lonely! and grounded!  *sadness* but i mite b off the hook tomorrow.. mayb anyways... i miss all u guys so much!*depression*
wow rest in peace justin and now emily 
went to the dr about migraines and came back with a mole removed nad a hole in my back  stupid izzy on greys making me paranoid
mac is having a 25% off event on their website (canada) - sucks how i can't get anything 
caught a damn cold from one of my students or maybe its the weather in the chi,thats got me sick idk 
@aaryam yessss i am. i'm so excited yet no $  tell me how much that sucks. k'la has so many dr's appts this mnth its crazy!
i want to live in disney someday 
@thecoolestout mr. love please stop with the hate. she was my fave from dk and i just looked at recent pics and she got so ugly 
my dvd player just went bonkers on me  dont get to see the end-even though ive seen it probably over 100 times.lol
@chripsco Aww dont say that  That is mean. Although it would have been smarter to just call an ambulance than run like a chicken.
@jazzstixx 4 versions...ahhh. sounds like heaven. he was here in boston a few months back but i had a gig and couldnt go  hes a must see!
@stream4341 HAHAHAHAH what la you!!! @JasonLim tak layan me pun 
@therealelp your sobriety is so amusing to us though  sry btw, caps lock's broke..
@MorganBreAnn I'm tech. the 7th wheel, til like sunday  its so difficult so I danced in the corner alone hahaha
playing ps3...bored 
Feels bad  going to sleep. I can't be here and in cali and make everyone happy  if I could I would boo &lt;3
gahh...telstra bigpond not working  and stupid free wireless is slow as.....*sad face* guess i cant do phys
found a piece of a snap ring changing oil in my friends hot rod... over 4k $  in the eng... super lame 
feeling better but theres an ugly storm outside, lightning super loud its scary!  summer in miami is totally crazy! spontaneous though! 
    i miss my summertime daley.
@itsfameybaby awwwww poor thang, mommy is not on twitter, go an extra strength tylenol,  tea, and go to sleep, take a vitamin C pill!! 
trying to find something to do... xbox.com's down so i can study up on what achievements i need to get to beat shane :S works boring 
@daaymgirl: i dont know im giving upp 
hope u guys have a blash 2morrow at da parade, I will b watchin from my tv 
savin up for a new ipod touch. darn rents won't buy it for me 
@josephVelasquez Lol thats what i thought...but our bowling alley is closed.  i sooo want to though!
is home finally.everyone needs to go see the hangover.funniest movie ive seen in soooo long.bed soon.school tommorrow til 3 
@_SeanAnthony_ oh no, im so sowy baby  xbox is ur life! .... besides me of course haha
They don't have my cowboy bowl on the bus  thats alright.
Just finished frm the bank, huuufff... walk out frm the bank, am bancrupt cuz of payin the bill.. 
@lizhodgins Whats the matter lizzy? 
@jayrock jayyyy skee played a record of yours tonight on xm show but I have no idea what it is  can u ask him. I want it!!!
is no longer in cali 
burnt my hand on the damn easy mac  roseanne marathon in 30 min... yay
Makes me sad to watch the old jon and kate episodes. Geebus  poor kiddies
according to tv guide channel at 2 family guy comes on so im thinkin that im saaavvved...yay for not being able to sleep. ok not really 
omg cried like a baby in debating.. cuz we lost  makes u think.. we could change the world and its shallow ways.. omg
dont waste you fiction tears on me 
i would run nxt door cuz thats where my friend use ta live but not nemore 
@P_e_a_c_e_  fucking allie has black under hers, i was thinking of using ang red/pink 2 give it a tint but idk. i love the black. 
sam jr wont stop babbling while her dad sits in the dark with her and the white noise        in 30 minutes its my turn.....
wy cant those nuts do that by themselves 
tummyache  but that milkshake was so delicious. great night with @vicious_3angle, rob, danny, jaminder, brad and @imsuperzero
I have to go grocery shopping.. with no twitter.. no msn.. cause my freaking hiptop wont work. i think i might cry 
guess imma call it a nite since i think @dappa_dan &amp; @dirtya fell asleep on me 
@Divvi no but seriously... no clue wr to get some 
@chrisMibacache lol drawing coool  um studying &amp; sleeping early cos im heaps tired 
umm im getting hungry need food! and my person! where are you? 
drunk ppl r funny...shandon ur soo cute. i loved ur drunk pic.  lol wishhhh i was there. sad  next time
Punk that was NOT smart. i hope ur injured. i dont like u nomore  i will again someday... but not soon. u make me mad. idc if its fake
Watching conan o brien with cusins I want to go see conan 
back w/ four bars....... feelin like ima throw up 
watching family guy with allison...shes mean to me 
@chrace21 aha i know. but he's getting mad cause there's alot of fakes of him. 
there was a girl in the tram today who looked like katy perry; minus the clothes. it made me squee a bit haha &amp; boring lecture is boring 
gawd my nose is huge!  my passport pic tomorrow is going to look so yucky.  
yo my bed looks like a freakin store right now just threw all my clothes on it...wish someone could help me hang them up 
@waizluvspancake *high five* I have pimples  been sleeping too late maybe! grrrrr. what u been upto?
@mymemoirs other stuff: male athlete - roger federer all the way!!!! ... but there is also beckham 
@swingking  yeah yt over though  but ahwell ill stay on here
my bb bat is running low.. not good. 
hes annoying me in my media lesson 
last night was nuts , had a drink wae euan , lyly, darrin and fitz, then mauled ingerfinger think ive broke ma hand 
@zozotheterrible those chicks who jumped on rob and followed him on the set of remember me  stuff about it on 2nd page of newmoonmovie.org
@Jmarkla hahahaha you're NUTZ! hope the show went well. sorry for being a shitty friend/missing it 
wonders why ppl avoid me when they owe me money?  I'd prefer u kept in touch&amp;updated me on ur po$ition, paying $25 every so often pls  ...
@selenagomez just saw jimmy fallon. you were very gorgeous. diggin the gum spitting technique..i tried..no go 
@kaylaSTACK aww, kayla!  i would have cried for you. i hate it when things like that happen. are they rining back?! they better (yn)
@leneisefjaer poor lene  but now ur eating right? hope your ok, and just call if you need anything&lt;3
@babydollniki Homagawd you gone lost yo mind 
@jennypoynter I'm more of a public hate figure than skankie frankie 
@laurie_pringle  i am a grammar eejit, lol and why haven't you gone to bed tonight!! 
was wondering why scaled images in ff/linux were fugly compared to #xp or #osx turns out to be cos of:http://bit.ly/26HpFy 
indratwas wondering why scaled images in ff/linux were fugly compared to #xp or #osx turns out to be cos of: http://bit.ly/26HpFy 
I can't sleep with it being hotter in the house than it is outside!    stupid effing air conditioner wont cooperate &gt;
@djcable unlucky mate, no sitting in the sun today...at least not in wales anyway...it's grey as fuck here 
i av the phineas nd ferb theme tune in my head nd it keepz gettin remixed wit sum song frm high skwl musical        wtf?
i'm @ starbucks sunway pyramid wifi-ing til night. apartment's internet srsly x boleh tahan. duno pay for wat also hardly can use 
In ict. I hate mrs Roberts with a passion :@ making me sit on my own  grr @xoFlawless I see what you've been trying to tell me :L
back from dinner, really broed now, gunna call bec cause shes sick 
...100th update... the pressure... my head... gotta be impressive... umm... awwww crap... failing miserably 
@jake84it pensa a me 
@stevieness aw..poor you.  i dont reduce ur ego, i just dont agree with u when u say that your awesome =P
@mizzkitteh but the pub downstairs in our bulding are racist!  ...is the pub at ur place racist...kaka...
theres no need pretending to be someone you're not. just be yourself , dude! tuition l8r w/o clara and jo - how sad 
finally sleeeep. my legs r sore  and lee makes me angry and sad. i dont understand men. men like him. goodnight.
@tekhammer hahaha, great vid.  Such a shame youtube audio is so bad 
can anyone help me? what's the scope of the statistical stuff quiz for communication research tom??? im soooo dead. 
really wants to go and see taylor swift in wembley but its 6 days after jonas and will have no money!! 
@DonnieWahlberg luv ur blanket ohhhhhhhh no fair I want one! 
@freddurst lol I was trying to get it at 1am uk time, fucking lazy bastards at apple wana pull there finger out!. I want cut'n'past 
@vanessaseah darn it! no exciting match after my bdae. its wigan  yours also no match. sian...
@emzyjonas omg yehh same all my legs ache my bk hurts aswell  we had 2 miss like 3 ov the songs which was was uosettin  xx
ughhhh schoooooooolllll fuck my history final    nd my baby wont be there    fml
@Civitico cool your jets isn't your saying it's kodiak jack's you ball bag.i've lost my usb so i'm in the shits it had everything on it 
tak boleh nak berpolyvore. seems like all last seasons dresses and shirts are wiped off their system or something 
is excited about going to c russell howard tonight YAY  but has the horrid task of cleanin the house first 
Home not in skwl cs feel reli sick nd il got doctors 2morroz  at 10 wish m the best hope its nothin serious
still in bed was online to my chunky monkey til 2am, hes in yemin 
gettin ready to go agh last ever bio exam 2hr15mins ima die 
@JohnMcGuinness yeah... and I've already paid for an update already, bringing the total cost of updates to 20eur for buying a 1st gen 
I hope i didn't throw my mom's ezlink card into the bin. She'll kill me for sure.  - http://tweet.sg
@LouiseYourQueen U wld hv to go thru e trouble of losing ur luggage 1st &amp; the heartache + disappointment. i rlly thot it was gone 4 gd.  
I miss my auntie so much! Padahal bru ktmu... Haha. it's been two weeks! 
@tilib   All will be ok, chick. Things have to turn around soon. xxx ((hugs))
@QueenBxoxo just cba voting every day lol ;) ma eyes are okay  lol :$ ohh same its still pourin here  oh well. wot u get out there :$?
@gothicat btw what happened, I tried calling you afterwards as I couldnt find the pub from your vague description but just got ansafone 
@philheywood no, think that's too american. He arrived in a white unmarked renault kangol van and carried a stanley toolboox. 
is on da way 2 wrk 4 these kid shows, its 2 early  !!!
@xrachelllx my mother wont go in and sign the paper, she's being reet lazy 
now gotta find someone else to come with me to the sats!! 
 wants  to go and  see the  jonas  brothers oin november
@foreverparanoid no  but joe did wave at me twice and nick and kevin winked and blew kisses 
@padraybear mm where abouts?! haha ew...yeshh sooo cold! 
@peg_gg okie dokie! i really wish you could come to the party 
@hasanah272 jgn wahh malu kuuu  hahaha. yeahuh, had a fun weird dayy today  i felt so sick tadi. skipped undang2 class. now mcm okay &gt;.&lt;
@dotca ones in puerto rico, the other here in nyc. my mom sort of took her from me 
hmmm my week off just gets better-am surrounded by snotty tissues lol and now its raining  so no vit D for me lol
Is hoping to get a massage at the rick and bubba studio, but its only for the dad's 
when i dont follow my instincts, I always miss out!  fare thee well adam - I had a feeling I should've watched spooks on monday... &gt;
listening to the jap vs aus game on the radio.....1 nill down 
i live in australia...isnt that spose to mean something like coldness does not exist!!! i think god is confusing us for antartica 
@dougiemcfly sounds nice shame its raining in hull england 
@drown_thecity hahah, why not? 
@_markchris yeah i know  i don't really like mariah though, so i probs wont listen to it.
@wendy_uk ah babe,I've been there  we were on the brink 2 b4 I got this job-hopin contract is extended/sumthin else comes up or we'll b up
@danalar ooooh ace!! i've applied for tesco cos my mum works there hah and i did apply for the works and h+m but no interview 
@jedstur wheres my motherfuckin comp tix  no love for the jolz
i'm obsessed with benefit benetint lip stain, but idk where to buy 
@ash_punch i see mr robofillet saw what i said bout unfollowing him..oopsy. sorry mr robofillet 
@xmeliiSs i knoww  haha yess soo true!! i know same here. theres like no celebs
@actionscripter nope.ive re-installed everything and still getting same problem 
on my way to wet n wild. hes not here today cause hes getting his braces off  oh well ima have funn
@mariaruizx if its possible can u buy that aswel as taylor i promise i will pay u back, its just my mum isnt goin 2 buy it online anymore 
omg its nearly 1030 nd my neighbour decides to start belting out karaoke..shaaaame!! cant study 
guys.. please keep updating info about the swine'd... my tv's are not working  ty
@chelpyyy booobooo im going to miss you!!  and your comming to class tomarrow bitch, end of story
our new york trip is canceled, jacob's mum broke her arm last night  i feel bad cause i laughed when she fell, but so did jacob ;)
i can't tell any oen who is actually going to read how much i need a fag right nw  but its raining and im still in the pjs ! ahhh laziness
@i_am_andi because I have to look normal for my buddy flight 
is totaly bored n stuck in coz its pissin down 
@cam_sku i feel really queasy. this has nothing to do with you an your tele. stupid beer   
hey guys please vote vote vote for me!! I've fallen in the ranks  http://bit.ly/nf5gr  love u all! xxx
@kamal lol...#MindValley eh.. then the sharein team will be 1 less.. 
@xNatashaaa ronaldo and paris make a cute couple ??? 
@pauldogs cheers buddy! shame yas arent at glasto!  x
trying to find a jonas brothers hoodie. no good ones on sale in uk 
is sad cuz she cant go to the semester reunion show.  but i get to see my bri bby! 
@erika50 I love you&lt;3 ima super need you today  im not a robot no mores moof
@xbllygbsnii oo you do  you alright? mmhm am okay - looks like the fuckers coming back to the office :@ :'( i wanna sleeeeeep :'(
@kyute_shana not on the right comp xD and someone dissed the vamp fic so im hesitant  :'(
migraine + sore eyes + stupidly long and pointless meeting = a fed up jess whos going back 2 bed 
@hazelcullen it went awful my monologues went great but rest pretty much i wasnt happy with @ all def wnt be gettin in 
@bobbythomas1   Now I come on and u stop talking??  This mia of yours is only an arms length away from you....just reach out...
@Vialka aaaah u guys r playing uno without me  school starts on 4 30 vi. Its still 9 30 am here... I'll tell you when i'm arrived
think my comp got a virus does ne1 no wat 'generic host win32 means'... i had win32 virus b4 n had to format whole pc 
@clairabellejp I know.  I cnt imagine wht any scarring wld look lk after removal. But I think having tattoos on the face is not gd anyway!
@asronline can you do me a favor and txt me on aim when it comes out? I have to go out a bit later and wont be near a comp.. 
@ericellis I have the 2nd gen.  Going to wait for the next one to come out.  Not eligable anyway 
@aspir3 ma, please tell me you have ubertwitter???? idk if u got the memo but twitterberry messes up ur phone. 
wants a zombie survival horror mmorpg for the xbox 360.... sadly  this probably wont happen
........it takes alot of forgiveness to deal with a chick like me  i was just informed of this! haha P A T I E N C E is key!
see, soon and now aren't the same thing   http://twitpic.com/7mc7n
@jessluvsu25 dang jess! lucky butt! im @ home still sickly  have fun tell @xprincesscatx I said hi!
@NDollaaa yeh I was guna ask if you still wanted the shoes,I don't know when I'll be around though, I'm too poor even for a train ticket 
I hate hate hate chem 
why has knock you down by keri hilson etc became so big?  i pure loved it ages ago, shannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn.
@art19b  darn. i thought you discovered a new indian resto. 
@nikki_scarfo You never started with me..  No calls or nothing     What's good with that mama?
@frak sorry mikey was answering the office phone andd workin on @McSquiddy seems @queen_of_tarts has been stood up 
@WickedChessie omg i dont know anything. So i wrote as much as i should on a 20 mark essay :s. I dont think i will get a gd mark on that 
mad at my babymomma @justvonecia ...she was cheatin on me last nite!!! 
shitty morning to start a shitty day  c'est la vie.. i'm determined to beat this funk i've been in.. positive energy yall!
i need something to do over the summer, coz the tennis is going to stop being on the tv soon 
@picalili yeh bin fab! joe is officially my #2!! But donnie is deffo my number one after l.nite!! free tickets&amp; passes  hometime now  x
enjoying lunch @ chick-fil-A.. thinking about mike.. 
My bestfriend thinks I don't love her nomore 
hahahaahahahaaha awe man. what am I gunna do. workin on ma bday 
@riptide1922  the jonas brothers got bad when joe started looking dirty 
hayden is taking a nap and i am watching a movie. wish i had gotten tickets to the hana pestle show in boston but they were sold out. 
just got outta class. soo long. tutor in 20 mins  yuck.
@dannywood my cousin and i tried 2 get a full service upgrade bc we already got 3rd row tix 2 ur blossom show but the upgrade is sold out 
@alixspencer what sthe matter hunny? 
@britt_mxgirl oh my bad! lol we are hella cool! haha my step-dad doesnt like sports. 
@iKieran yw  aww thanx  *hugs* feels liek we wont b havin much of a summer by the look of the weather these days  lol xxx
@bs95_x haha omg same! So excited!! er i cant remember lol but its tierd  youu?? ox
&amp; i mite have to do my own makeup for this thingy tommorow...tips requesting coming soon! 
i lost my livelavelive braclet  i wear it everyday fml
gunna be a boring day  might go to the game at mitchell tho ;)
Just updated blog, another lifeless post. I wanna blog more lively things man! I need a brain like xx's 
something very unfortunate has happened....i have lost my marc jacobs sunglasses 
will b travellin all day 2morrow,hve 2 pack n hve 2 work coz im not a human nemore seemingly,but sum kinda robot 
@JDidda  dag just when i decide to throw that frek em dress on, my most expensive get em heels &amp; my fox lashes.. didda sys zzzz.. wtf
i miss busted   dougie poynter will rule the world !!    goin out into newcastle thenight it gona be crease x x
@pcpro That's a shame. I was trying 2 stay privt. Seems lk ive found a fault w/ the twttr system. U cnt direct msg unless being followed 
i miss busted  dougie poynter will rule the world!! goin out into newcastle thenight gona be a crease x x
@pc_pro That's a shame. I was trying 2 stay privt. Seems lk ive found a fault w/ the twttr system. U cnt direct msg unless being followed 
@iamfrancesca oh okk... am trying to find dat music sheet but till nw i didn't get... 
@xsebastian I got rid of my nintendo 64 a long time ago  and no, I never played the zelda games. I was a pokemon\super smash bros kid
ronaldo gone to real  traitor  united need to sign new players soon otherwise we ain gunna win jack.
This choice is so unfair! twilight or miley? :S 
without boy! poor me  like a ho without dick!! xo
I've gotta learn a translation of a 9 page latin poem off by heart for tomorrow  So far I know 5 sentences  x
@ichannisa but things that u said in skype last nite, it's not mature at all 
@NickkkJonasss hey nick loved your tour been trying to get a reply from you and the joe bro website but no luck  i am your biggets fan
@FaSHi0niStaDyVa yeah old penguin ish !!! I'm not over I cud of been jammin !!! W| fab  now I'm sad ! I'm gonna pay ms kaufman a visit
@RheaMillette oh definitley!! I love corner gas where michael is on it..but only on it for like a minute.. 
soo right now I'm hating 110% bc I'm en route to work which is damn near downtown and I see alllll these ppl going to the laker parade 
i wonder wats gona get me out this grumpy mood today .....think its time to put ma gloves on and take it out on the punchbag 
is still spinning my blackberry - theres a darkhole at the backside of this golden curve! 
@TamzinCormican just in a shit mood tbh  and just had a heart to heart with someone and made me abit emotional x x
yay cuts a dont like invade ma house yay 
@the519show I watched it. Unfortunately my email wasnt read out  oh well mayb nxt time! xx
@auntieflo  Put 'em on la ipod so can have a cry later on tonight!
@justine_hughes @aegelsburgh thank you for your kind words. Lying down, hurts 2 much 2 sleep tho   xx
@EllieLuvVP fa real...blurring out the chick dancing on the table 
just woke up, after sleeping for 12 hours. i missed the jonas brothers on jimmy kimmel, i fell asleep 
in bed sippin sprite and watchin slum dog milli...life blows right now 
david hart smith really messed up christians back n then he won with some help frm his partner.  2 all the peeps i feel ur pain
ga kuat bikin power point buat sidang...somebody help me please... 
@pointblank009 he is doing better now.  he has a protein metabolic disorder and it makes him very sick... alot 
exhausted. zombie jess. can't wait for bed, but must do an order first!! 
god damn it everyone i care about seems to be leaving me behiind am 16 and goin to be all alone apart frm the bf 
@Jonasbrothers omj i wish i lived there  (i was the first person in my town to get your cd!) its amazing btw! 
No radio tonight!!!  had some real heavy weight bizal to lay down on ya ears too!! o well dees tings happen
is not doin much at da moment  no-one seems to talk to me on msn  waa its raining  (what a supprise....) x
@mrs_mcsupergirl I HAVE to keep myself interested cos I'm a magpie. &amp; you are SO not fail! I've been loosing the same 10 lbs every year 
leavin safer now but signed out for 5 I love my supervisor and imma miss him he's gon b gone til the 29th 
@ellielocke aawww i feel bad now!!  but you'll pass with an awesome mark, coz ur my nerdygeekish bff!!! n u've been reading for economics!
@brit_duh awwwwww  see you back in summer chi
joe buck has no comedic timing 
@juantwothree not enabled from att's side.  poop. tethering works great though, eh?
@DRBPhoto thank god for lunch break - updating my ipod :-P at least ur getting yours for free 
Coughin like a mofo nooooo marv got me sick I needa stay healthy for edc!! 
nope i lie  cant even do anything with my phone now ffs :S and gettin picked up in 40 mins :S AHHHHHHHH
just got back frm playing racket ball!!! it started raining tho  boohooo
fuck i was nearly crying walking home, rianna was telling me about when her mam died how she kept hoping &amp; thinking shes wake up 
cant wait to get a snowball with mom. getting a blister on my finger from wii. 
@heybru cool yeah  their amazing live england is no where near as hot as brazil man 
@desikitty45 nope!  booo! there're too many people trying to get it so the server shut down (on apple's side)! ahhh!
@TokyoBunnie never in the uk! we never have any gd art/vinyl shows! arghhhh!  sorry letting off steam...
Tickets going like sooo quick really want them 
Just got told my wee dog lass has cancer  and has an op arranged for 23/7/09,prayin she will be ok.
scouring a jack russell in the bathtub for the past hour, he bumped into my new painting... soooo colorful... 
aww man i cant send a dm to sum1 whos not fallowing me 
@HouseOfLord oohh I miss you tooo babyyyyy  hope your having funnn xxxxx
@africana got mine yesterday, my arm still aches  hows yours?
my guitar is in the shop and im waiting to go get it and i have no clue when that will be 
shit my bro comes home, gotta leave his pc now I guess 
@CMCx i noeee , i swear imma ball so much :'( imma fuken miss this school  :'(
i'm angry becuase i cant buy any songs on itunesss. haa my account is gone 
@jproductio is that sweet cuz my grandma wants to make that for me but i want some sweet tea 
@socha4e we don't have any pics togessaa, it's such a shame. 
http://twitpic.com/7nlwk - @amandapalmer who ever wrote this on a wall in liverpool maybe my soul mate. I may never know her 
i cannot see any columns in tweet deck. wtf. and @lethal_logan trying to call you, loads, not connecting. pffft  stop asking hahaha
off to see whats wrong with her car...  sad about that and sad about not being able to hit up nash in a few weeks to see @philstacey
@_harley  hahaha such a good few days!! just been boring my mum with pics/vids/storys so not the same hype with out u 3 
a litttle scared 
@NKOTBahamas2009 it's frustrating cause they keep accomodating for plus sizes but forget the little peeps. S is too big on me! 
dang i kinda wanna play either final fantasy or resident evil, and i cant 
wot, no fireworks tonight? 
just got back from swimming... movie's cancelled...  oh well i'll find somethin' to do... maybe go to the park and play soccer... idk lol!
@NickkkJonasss good but i have exams!!  wish me luck pleeeease???xxxx
layin bed watchin family guy lol and am pure starvin 
@dgprivateeye I don't think it will let me direct msg you back  text me! I don't have your #
@iam_joybryant http://photos.essence.com/galleries/bridal_bliss_joy_bryant#182451  u cheatin on me 
@Ramsie11 . lolz, damn thats not the real him..   so sad now.
OUCH!! ... ma knee wrecks  .. cnt wait go home n see ma  ppls x luv u xxx
btw: ffe buddies- please make sure you're letting everyone know about june 27th pizza party! my computer ist kaput.  there's garbo,...
@abrowngirl thats a libra thing? Lol thought i was violent. I miss my girl 
@boodie5 im scared u see the emegency warning on the tv make sure u duck and cover ya head the tornado is comming.... i love u cuzzo 
going to the stores for my mama with my bebe, im annoyed that other peoples errands have to interfer w my plans 
My ipod looks like a freaking lava lamp. I'm heartbroken 
@jonasbrothers how about you guys do a surpirse thing in san antonio? We're tooo jonas deprived  i love you guys!
@melodydojo yeaa no bf but i didnt say anything bout no drugs hah. ya i really miss u and i need to b w my friends today im a wreck 
@WuddleCake i know right he shud not have gone  but i am glad i met and had a picture with him wen he was a pure utd player lool
 i need some different medicine and some food plz. thnx.
hmm. im not having good luck on these calls today  had a 40min call for bullshit.
missin my baby  still @ my nanas house chillen gettin this dance 2getha 4 the dance explosion  hope im able 2 make 2 dances in 1 day
@danceaholic121 http://twitpic.com/6g6rt - aww your mean! 
just got backk ughh i hate braces  anyways gonna go do laundry lmao
@desrosiers you two have loads of fun for me and keep me in mind on the june 19th, cause its my birthday  &lt;33
is really sad cos i want @garygomusic 's album but is broke &amp; cant find a good free version of it online!! 
@RobbieBarnes i would offer you somewhere to stay, cause i'm in east london - alas, we have no spare rooms for the mo 
@buddhamagnet ok I think very brief &amp; a lot of ppl had left   the crew et al are already over at the rogersmith.
9 more days til my bday...disneyland has been put on hold.  my damn car needs to get fixed.  
fck my little bro victor kim comment on his channel  
@xxswimchickxx yes taylor  idk why though..sry she didnt de-follow emily. my mistake..but yeah somethings going on.. taylor+miley=bff! wtf
I stillll sound like a maannn  and I have a bruise from idk what
@righteousjorge I'm kidding, ew I am going to miss you  , I'll be expecting my postcard ;D &amp; pic's (ahem) ;) LOL
Oh crap,never mind,I just forgot that this job isn't for me,this stinks  it's all commission based,wah wah
cali went to doctor's today. everything seems normal. just high temp becuz of teething. so sad. she doesn't even smile 
@CarolinaChaotic no  i wanted to but my mom already paid for the jb concert so...yea
i must be so out of shape...im short of breath from playing ddr. 
@stacey79 i want to go  please tell donnie im sorry i couldnt get words out!!! his kiss felt amazing though...
hey i was asked out by this gurl and i broke up wit her like 1 minute l8r and i feel really badddddd 
@ZAmmi nope, all my attempts to leave this continent have been foiled. 
@dejanaykeyera ; mmkay lemme kno mondayy haha they prolly kut me out  lol i hope im atleast in the beginning
nah sis. i got to work. and plus, i didn't have no one to go with   but i just seen the replay. wow!!! a lot of  laker fans. did you go?
@shellenayoung  shellena stop gettin on my nerves about myspace 
ughh, okay ive got a crappy samsung i600v working. gotta live with it for 13 months 
@gerald_drew first off;; i'm hardly spoiled;; second;; i'm tired;; i worked 13 hrs straight &amp;&amp; you know what kind of shoes i wear  save me
so mad i missed the tryouts for the fair thingy i even wrote a song i was even singing it in front of ppl to see if they liked it 
@KhloeKardashian that's so cool  hahah-i could be there in a heartbeat except for the fact that i'm not 20 or whatever &amp; am not there 
summer sucks. i have alergies and thanks to my sinus infections i have to take about a bajillion pills. uggg whens school gonna start. 
steph is recouperating after her accident....... it may take awhile before she can partay again 
everyday feels like a monday, there is no escaping from the heart ache  sim fiquei triste com a noticia
I surely hope this is not the last irish dance class i take my lil sis to 
@codemaker i know  its so sad though if a hamburger wouldnt keep me the bathroom for min 1wk,i would so be kicking worthington to the curb
@luckygnahhh are you still greening pics? I want my old one back and my bf apparently doesn't have photoshop anymore. 
@spicyspice lol um yea, that's still wishful thinking. the saturdays were playing on the radio i have in my lab  loblaws is still sucking!
Would trade in her vag for a peen for the next 4 days if I could 
@jonny_nk_jacob whats the point tbh, i'm going to bed, you know where your sleeping? in my room again, so be quiet when you come in 
@kiteworld my fishey commited sucide lol he jumped outa the bowl i dont think he loved me 
i cant decide how good i want to make my new macbook pro..  $ vs. peformance, and one's gotta lose eventualy 
Aww the pabst at whiskey thieves is in a can tonight.  #fb
hey bb's just wanted to say hi! omg i tried to look at obs an got overwhelmed! i've missed so much  i dont hav time 2 catch up!
hiiiiiii.....its so hot out here....i cant move out.....wht the hell...... 
@vickistep oh man. took me 2.5 hrs to get home and didn't even make it to my dr apt  traffic blows.
@manda3240 your lovely little smiley face haha. harry never tweets, so i cant be creepy at him 
@cindylovelee that's fun mama!!! I don't have a builtin cam on my comp tho. Or on my phone 
@badassyella Hes chillen not ready to make his entrance yet. I got violated by the doc today bitch stuck her finger in my cervix 
@cryssie22 lolol deg u figured it out  i was too shy admit it
hitting the bed now...start wrk tom at 8  *yawn*
I hope to buddah, allah, and jesus that I find my wallet 
@Jojami ah.lemme see.still making total recall  dont know kasi if i aint hands on.paksyet.try searching help hahahah
goodnight new york!......just got off the phone with my girls...im missin them so much 
san fransico was legend yosemite was alright coz there was no fone signal.   &lt;--- sad face......
Freaking pict wont upload  tomorrow xxx dreams.
its like 96 degress but in my body i feel like its 20.. fml. this damn fever just wont kick 
@beccablows your an asshole. follow me on here. i need to direct message you and you hate me and wont reply on myspace  fml.
i want a disneyland annual pass 
i feel so unwanted in some cases  @x0Stopthtx095 gosh u and ur stalker friend.. hes probably from school thats how he got your number
@ycubic I definitely miss marching. 6 yrs down the road, nvr once got bored of it. however this yr, I no longer feel that special bond 
Ugh i had to cut my run short cuz my tummy is hurting real bad 
also just got back from my sisters house, noah wont let me bounce because he wants to &quot;go with unthle dave&quot; breaks my heart every time 
@CarleyBoston hey carley! havent had my computer for 2 wks. it had a virus  how have you been?
@arabella_w u know i think  peter facinelli is going to  dance single ladies it was shocking with joe jonas 
@TiffanyShanise and we got some bangin kool-aid over here right now!! I'm drinking hard body until my diet starts friday 
@BeUrLover2 @BrookeLockart I happen to know a couple single men that are a total catch ...tho you'd have to relocate 
@legacy62 i think i'm bummed cuz pocket spike hasn't arrived yet. 
awmann, i heard public enemies was bad  ahh and i wanna see year one with someone! lovelovelove michael cera and jack black 
@riotlainie yes, i'm taking my camera! i'll use my super 67.9 X zoom, lmao. and noo, i'm not  i'm gonna be in chicagoooo.
freakin out. cant find my fone   
@dolfinamie no!!!! and theres some *nice* preshow shots in there  jrk JK and Ddub no shirt... i like.. lol imma find away to get it.. lol
@YoungCake...man hell yea! that's sad  the baby is precious tho
@markus151 doubt it  tear. lol
[-O] I wish it was possible to take back what you just said, and say something cooler.  I also wish that @ni.. http://tinyurl.com/nudadh
i saw sam ronson @ larchmon and i wanted to say hi but didnt  too bad shes dope! saw cute marni shoes on sale @ barneys  still debating!
@Victoriamber ugh! my dumb computer! I was doing it last week but my comp crashed! sorry. youre gonna have to wait til my comp gets fixed 
Obsession with kicks and clothes...it really is ridiculous  imma take pics of it and u will see how crazy it really is.
Tht shit was whack lol I'm mad sleepy. N my sister left 2day I miss her already  @gunnafcm
fuck. im getting the need for human physical contact 
te amo frankie!   everyone please pray from my brother.  
@leila_licious idk how long exactly  don't forget all the juicy details though!!!
@kellypippin paha ribbon!? there is no lyrical  i was pooped out bout that;&amp; there is a modern thats the one i took last semester lol.
quess love knocked me down ||| not in dhe mood  qone **
@ZapAmna so i guess i cant have those cool pictures u and @a3wish and @jojo_thani have  now thats sad
back from dinner, I'm going to splode fer srs.... misses certain people  
@queengilda haha, ur mean! what other languages do u speak? I speak farsi too but hubby doesn't, so we can't gossip. 
@bridgethaddix  a cool washcloth on ur forehead usually helps a lil bit!
Enjoying some jimmy john's on my dinner break. But it's lonely back here by myself 
hey twit world new page so follow me cause i have no frnds  ha kidding. but im nice, fa real lets converse  &lt;3
@TickleMeJoey hey joseph adam!! i almost got to go to those shows!! my flight home got canceled but then i got squeezed on to the flight! 
@dutchdinero naw, its jst a hugeeeeeee bump..cant lift my arm ovr my head 
@MsBreeBree Aww thats so sad you lost your parking spot 
I just remembered! I can forget abt doing my granny's portrait  I hate it when money is the way of things that I really really wanna do.
@iCaren i wish i lived in somewhere exiting like vegas. i live in fuckin omaha. worst place E V E R. 
@loveZAHEER i found it. thank god it was my old fone though. it was behing my pocket in my bag hiding. i was seriously freaking out 
@DonnieWahlberg dub- i could REALLY use a twug from u rite now.. bad mood  but knowing im seeing u 2morow makes everything better! *TWUG*
I was called a fag for wanting to listen to miley cyrus by @MrJaseFelder 
I look like I got bad plastic surgery lmao 
@ashcashrain hey ashley, guess i didn't tell you yet but my padres r moving to st louis cuz my dad is starting a new job there, so i gtg2 
ehhh keep having mini little panic attack feelings.  does not feel good.
@Mistyconn I did see he's not that into u. bradley's stock went down for a minute cuz he was an a-hole in it. 
@thisislilwayne it was nice seeeing yu at the mall today(: .. one question is the tour also coming to miami ? cuz i heard it stops at atl 
@Paychi gurl go head and lick that monitor screen, dont fight it. He left traces of dark choc protein shake all over mine..... 
@504rebel yeah u betta tell her hold up i aint got no dam lambo lol 
@el_kev i am mega broke. like, 25 bucks to my name. i just got done moving apts, spent a fortune on rent/dep and more rent. 
@Bondiborn haha I hope so! more like jennings' calf not making the grade   I think he should get signs that say 'state of monigin'. - s
ok so far iphone os 3.0 isn't too bad, steps in the right direction.... copy paste gooood, mms no work yet bad 
dam skewl  dont wana gooo! yay my upcomin touch comp this weekend !!!! my team(gold coast) are so guna win
@ViiciiousViixen hey monica. I was suppose to be chillin wit showcase, you, and teyana but my mom didn't want to drive 3 hours 
@mikegentile damn those security fun suckin ppl  
@emoney_ I kno  If my bestfriend *coughs* isn't bullshitting tommorow I might b out there but idk I got stuff I need to do. But ur on list
@chevale hello cherrie berry! housechores, done! hehe. i hate hate hate doing housechores!!! 
@emma_shone meh everything  cant do anything right tbh. il get over it once ive been to bed
@Ninepinkbears awww mr  your cute as a button, I'm sure you won't be single for long *cuddles*
@kiss_ty heard it was so much better! can't update jailbroke mine  haha
doin my nails .. dans playin blowfish . the hangover was fckn hilarious .. but we couldnt find anything to do after 
Is there anybody out there who can help me beat the swimming levels on mario galaxy? 
i really sad that i can't make it to @mahealani_cb  bday party on fri  everyone have a shot for me please!
just felt like saying twugs tryed 2 get my five seconds of fame 2 the wolrd nw its over 
close but no latte!!  lol damn hudsons!! manda down the side it says @metaliicmermaid lol click that n u will see that ppl replied to u
@Ducketz  fine! thats why when i come to nyc ima ignore your ass! blah blah blah *sticks tongue out*
@emsdemello hahaha everyones like partying it up,then you see me in the corner in deep concentration HAHA! ill just tape it 
@theroser So umm, @jb4eva000 is trying to make me jealous by rubbing the fact that you @replied her in my face haha. 
@AlifeHollywood why yu dont have sneaker for girl size!?!?!? 
prays for a miracle to happened on speedy conn won't come on and off again...I want that 3.0 you damned speedy 
cathay pacific had the best movies ever. bride wars sucked and marley&amp;me made me cry  btw, i wanna sleep. jet lag for realsss.
@jadizzle09 Heyyy how come i have recived no pics from u brit or jess   I WANT them too haha
Round2 of family guy bout 2begin....lovin the relaxation...gotta b up @ 8 tho...fuuuuuuck 
pissed off cuz its no milk....bout to die frm hunger pains 
I cnt believ da tickets 2 r.kelly are sold out,dis world is so cruel 
so listen to the new jonas brother cd i liked most of the songs.. its the first time ever that i had to skip a song on the jb cd 
@salandpepper ooh good luck with that then  hope youre not too sore to tweet later!!you might see a sneaky tweet later!! ssshhh!! xx
AHH!! katy perry is on t.v. i almost met her but the cop told me to leave. and i did. i had the pass but they wouldn't let me back in. 
@itznotalho lifes ok. im in arizona right now, so its pretty chill. how are you? sorry to hear about your birthday  i sent you a text!
@crels I know - big mistake. Like an idiot I haven't synched it for a while either - may be about to lose loads - inc pic's of my babies 
I want tickets to britney  but mum wnt pay coz she paid for my p!nk tickets. awell im gonna go no matter what!
@Sophzs_93  Lol bless, i was asleep until someone boy rang me... and i couldnt go bck to sleep after  xx
izzy dies on greys anatomy  but shw will b with deny yay i luvd him
is with @armelia waiting for the car to cengkareng airport,ga dateng2 dr jam 4  http://plurk.com/p/11v4tv
@petewentz did you ever have a dream so awesome that when you woke up life seemed si disappointing? I just did 
@crimpomatic @mr_cf ahrrr not fair u guys have is 3.0 and I'm going to have to wait to play  ah well off to crocodile isle instead,shoes?
@monzica am i just meetin use down town? cant txt as i dont have anyy!  fone me when ur out of school pleasee! x
soooo....it feels like i've been in ireland for yearsssss now!! i'm about 2 start lookin for real estate!!   
@designosophy maybe that one here, but it works with rightclick / shortcuts, not the sexy pull-out thing as in chrome   http://tr.im/oUqg
I'm sleepy. I think I'm gona get a nap in before doing my long list of bs 
@therealkashflow thnx, I'ma call my surgeon 2day 2 set up an appt. After dat surgery we nd 2 make sure nothin is wrong  thnx 4 the concern
bk home now  gutted its over!! saving for the nxt one already tho!!!! lenty 2tell, but neeeed sleep! x
Why does no one want to hire little ol' me  I wanna job DAMMIT!!  Anywayz...how is everyone??
hug&quot; but demi dont notice that and she just goes away 
@babygirlparis hey gorgeous!having fun in dubai?id love to be there!its def one of the best places..never been there tho  xoxo
i am so bored weve got ihe in 16 mins  - hopefully the projector doesnt nick my space again  someone twitter me
http://twitpic.com/7pc64 - missin' all my girls 
arrgggghhh! can't play because of maintenance  hehehe
@helenthornber  nice pics, what you lack in quantity you make up for in quality - im failing on both counts 
@jack_lfc_88 The funny thing about that mark is that it's NOT on the t-shirt it's on my damn camera lense! 
@jemillahayne well.. i didn't study that much. but i'm going to fail. pfft, i'll get a bad mark anyway. i'm so freaken scared  stupid di y
@stu_evans hahaha!! nah not yet i finish at 2 then going home for a change then ill be going. but its raining   u up to much? x
@zakkubond http://twitpic.com/7d0vn - 4get abt dis.. hey send tat pic wich i lik.. ur wearin tat spex toy in tat.. pleeee pleeaeesh 
hmm yea i love beer ,but rigth know  imiss it :/..my friends are going to some concerts and i must stay at home it isnt cool it sucks 
hasnt seen jess in ageesss!  but its her brothers party on fridayyy! wooo
is watching scrubs... cant believe theres no more new episodes ever! 
joyj_number ey dude what's up i'm at com's room searching for simon's work  damn bored mannn well c ya tmr  love you x
@lspringate rawr. it's ok, but i thought you were hating on it earlier. i refuse to be (too much) of a fanboy today. apple xmas is over 
@JulietLimaGolf when do I get to see my smooke-a-looke??? I miss her! 
i feel bad for my mom.  it is not her fault. she just works with the most sexist men in the country. f*ck em, i still love you mommy. xx.
I can't go I won't be able to see everything is blurry ima look like mami n teresa  http://myloc.me/4heZ
@joshtastic1 oh man, crazy busy I've forgotten what slacking is  exams all over now? I seem to have 69 dm's need a mass deletion sess x
bertanya-tanya blog ranking trun trus y???  http://plurk.com/p/11wgow
@DeLaGrana ha noooo.  it got wet and my screen iz all messed uppp and has like water bubbles in it 
@neillyneil @paulocanning apologies sirs  too much on atm
 My fishie jst died. poor disney, rest in peace. feeling quiet pooie. oh wel, 
@CarolineKent haha, scooter, god knows what else, poor poor tshirt 
@nadhiyamali no invite for me radha? i can't have the best chai that ur mommy makes?weird..radha invites only basanti n veeru! 
@envy89...I needed that chuckle u simple ass...im missinf ma auntie so much 2day... 
Ah! The BIGGEST spider just fell into my jonas brothers backpack!  ohh gee
taking jacob to school then to pick up clarke's cake!!! it is way to early 
@heatworld sory no clue 
@gigi_18 ok im reading your message, but you are not at home now you are in the university 
@marcooch  this weekend we should go mini golfing! + gona put my edward/taycob/manladykstew magnets on the fridge to make you feel better.
@Bekei87 i tried that.   did you put just ur No. or the +61 in front?  i tried both  
@emmetmcc  i'd love a mocha!but ici too far out ugh. think i might chance that walk to b&amp;m in the storm lol!u and ur poetry.wats new lol!
cold; and myspace isn't working? or at least on my hiptop; dad get off the comp please 
gonig to work in like 20 mins. it upsets me 
is not impressed that i have spent 3 hours researching the origins of scooby-doo and nothing even remotely interesting has been found 
yeah ano lool.. ermm naa read sumfin on the forum bout a big poster or sumit:S.. wil av t wait til wednesday  . xxxx
staring out the window at seeing this weaher makes me feel droopy  his txt's seems to be the only thing entertaining me at wrk...mie
ffs, i can't seem to find a family in london who knows how to reply  getting so nervous about everything now, what if i don't find one?
thought i just saw sara walking into the canteen, got excited thinking i wouldnt be a loner anymore....but it wasnt her 
@fnabila your daddy akan sangat kecewa membaca tweet lo nab....... 
cnt upload pics dnt han an adamptor  noooooootttt good!!
@hannahbrace ohh hannah sadly it's too late  someone has already been recruited! haha..are you going to roadmender tonight?
@xbllygbsn oo okayy, you be alright?  am jus away to have a wee nap, so imma log off here..ttyl?
@amyaeroplane I wish I was on ur couch cuddling w/ you 
i, uhh, shouldn't have eaten the mac and cheese.. ughh  i shared it with my nanny
@DonnieWahlberg thx 4 makin me a semi-finalist.unfortunately I used a pic not of my own 4 one logo,so I assume I have to withdrawal  twug
@1stladyRetroKid sounds dope. whats the dress 4? ur party 2morrow? cant wait 2 c pics! wish we could make eachothas events! 
I woke up n my arms n chest r sore!! I knew I shoulda tooken my protein shake yesturday  smh gotta live with it now
Just got an email from taylor swift, wembley arena fearless show  wish i could go!!
mornin twit head nd new followrsz .. sorry I've been feelin just awful da past couple of daysz 
@NaytaTheKid looool yhh tamigotchi lol (dnt watch the spelling) mines used 2 die 
@owenrcwmaber u never write back to me on here  I'm conplaining to the owen ralph controller... whoever and whatever that is...
--@choonyspiceduh #iremember when evrybdy off myblock would go 2hillside 2ride bikes &amp; i had 2wait on my stoop cuz i aint kno how ride 1 
@kirstiealley todays my 30th bday..yuck don't like bdays lol &amp; to top it off my hubbys out of town  anyway you'll take pitty &amp; follow me??
@brett my mom (who lives in seattle) called me to tell me she is dying of the heat... i told her i was stuck in a rainstorm  x 2
i just spent an hour trying to make some labels.  i felt like stephanie pratt.  
Blahhhh ill   nott funn  missedd day of gossip, ill still come out saturdayy thoo for bbq and boystalkingg lol with emma and da gangg!!*
@arryanb yes i did and ma tummy hurt   thks boo.
bla bla.....cant find new moon news!!!  
nooone know of a britney bootleg 
@britneyspears im so bummed i'm gunna cry. I tried getting stool seats for boston and ended up getting nothing bc the good seats are gone 
playin' cooking mama ;) im so bored and hungry now.. tday i allready eat for 3 times. hmm if i eat again i'll be more fat than now.. huhu 
@giving06 on saturday ask daddy to hit me with a 20  ohhh &amp; call me! i have a story for u!
@rumparooz if only if only there was free shipping!!! hahaha. my dang paypal account is just over $2 short and dh banned my cc. 
@Jaynecollinsmac oh no way! That's totally crap  I tried so hard to win for that venue!!  any chance for leicester? I'm gona av to crave
Some wack job is hiding from the cops in some old ppl home here in the city of lynwood and I can't leave to see my gf 
Headcold kickin my butt! Always take care of ur health no matter how hard ur working. The body is on shut down mode. 
oki:need to be married  to be saved.... poor me  
@alisonpieroni i'm having no luck finding her! there's a lot of rachel nelsons in this world 
@LeEsSaAahHh i miss u  we will be going hard in vegas for sure &gt; no sleep!
is a unemployed graduate end bloody bored outta ma mind!  x
 adam ong, if ur reading this anywhere, i tried followin u back but twitter said ur page doesnt exist anymore?
oh my heck.. its midnite &amp; ive got skool tomorrow  id better go to bed *immediately* i still havent fully recovered from my sickness yet!
@andy065 not a big fan of that cd. The 2 singles they released are cool, but the rest bores me. 
is in sophies room bored shitless  only 2 days till millies birthday party woop woop
@nick_carter i have problems for suscribe.. 
wants demi lovato to be the opening act for jo bros world tour- 20th nov 
@thecamdynsecret humidity sucks! it messes up my skin coz i have ultra sensitive skin  boohoo - hope u enjoyed those m&amp;ms &amp;&amp; cupcakes 
waiting for taylor swift ticket but my dad cant afford them 
i got only a small update for iop .. ugh i couldn't find anything to color  n i'm bummed cuz i can't buy all of andrea's linearts 
Today looks like i'll be mailing the video game someone one, then working out and idk after that, charles is gone till sunday though 
bored sensless, james is playing world of warcraft, i have nothing to do 
@joeymcintyre so when do we get to see our pic on the site, saratoga volunteers arent feeling the love joey mac 
i hate the korean version of hana yori dango  plz stop! i think i might start 1 litre of tears or idk someone give me an idea!
@_NoahCyrus_ aww your soo  lucky  lol i love miley more then  anyone :Llol  exsept  for my mommy nad  daddy.So what are you up to?
My life is guna suck this year! not even going to see a concert  college sux sometimes
you can't leave like that...how do i get in touch with you now that i wanna apologize? you're my bff. baby come online now  im sorry
@_MissSmiles_ @rkpallen (cont) hates them! hes probaly gonna throw them in the deep end and laugh while they scream for their lives!!!! 
@denz88 no status updates . . .  dnt b borin little man!love u cookie mwah
i miss you soo much rhys'   rest in peace my angel,  ilu soo much babeeeeeey'(L)
cant believe john barrowman is the one of the fams on family fotunes tonight!!! why didnt i get tickets fot tonight insead of yday!?! 
@selenagomez  is it true you dont want to be in wizards of waverly place or disney channel anymore....?        
@cazp09 aww bless  i hate it when i have loads to do  xxx
@smurfiesyco its abit mad cz i gt an assesment in holborn 9am sharp...college is stoppin my life 
@legendofwayne still havn't bagged any twitter fish with the vegas tweet  u sure it was that word?
@undercoverPir8 stuck on the 4th battle, bastarding sammy undead deck  grrrrr
@theREALGiftedNJ  my chat wont load   (iamGiftedTV live &gt; http://ustre.am/3cnO)
@sophiewhybrow The  cd  wont play  going throught the motions or   the last song   xxx
thats it, i cannot watch this damned cricket anymore  desperate housewives for me #t20
@kirstyg87 i couldnt see your head in the pic hahaha sorry  i got james pics on the way just for you
arrrrrggggghhhh i hate driving lessons i cant do it. i just cant reverse around a corner im useless 
But I gotta take my pops to his doc appt mad early! 
shit... its virtually 6 a ball from here onwards  aaaargh
@thedeadtenor  mark just told me he's not doing anything tonight..hahah. I think you're confussed sugar
@Kardboard damn  ughhh exactly the sort of thing im saving up money to buy!!! &gt;.&lt;
rumor had it that the owen wilson movie was filming by my office. i went outside to find people packing up electric cords 
@claudsstone nopee i had my last one one monday, but everyone still had theirs so haven't done anything yett  andd haa tiwtter is vile lol
plans always get screwed up!! grrr!! wish jason's godfather wasn't being a douche about going to the wedding 
sat watching katie and peter stateside eating a bagel and trying to succeed with her maths homework, not going well i tell you  x
complimentary bike valet @topshop in nyc! no fair ny gets all the cool stuff  topshops letting ppl rent bikes for free too...
@themadiface aww babes  tell ya what, in the summer hols we'll have a girly night face masks, marilyn monroe, ashton kutcher + choccie ly
@KnickersMonica  i need one now. really baaad. theres HOODIES and everything!!            fox avenue section on your ipod? what? :O hahah
@animeshpathak srsly u hve no idea how mch pain has been caused by ur constant tweets of hi-speed surfing. my d/l speed is barely 12kb 
mad we came across eachother once &amp; never spoke again?  bummer&gt;:o @hungrykryzzy &amp; @ashleynikoole you have NO proof of that!
@retrochic20 i hate when that happens  lets make food. apparently cassie is the next rachel ray! haha
theres sooo many spots to hit this wknd......not freight depot  with the cash bars only......arghh ok...
on msn and doin homework 
@jason_lange yeah but i have to wait almost a year to get the discounted upgrade 
@reneeholt ahhhh! i had that cardigan in pink in high school! it was my favorite! gah, now i miss it 
@wee_em i wasn't keen on it. blame my general law-abidingness 
is blasting some of the veronicas songs from her jukeboxx &lt;3   and who cares if obama killed a fly?! why are making such a fuss!?
wish i was america so could meen nicolous braun, demi, selena and all the other disney people who will go 
2day's been awful n I need/miss ur sweet voice...  tg 4 my girlz n I h8 u miserable hunchback.. fml
ok... ok...  had enuff of this bl**dy winter thing..... come back summer 
So now my mum tells me i can't use the memory stick because of potential viruses on it from he work :| just great. im too stuck anyway 
im off to watch big bro finally, final touches of coursework complete, eee miss college already, was a right laugh! 
my goddamn contact prescription expired &gt;  wtf!!!
@ashley tisdale plz can u answer my messages like that u will lose fans  plz i beg u answer me i ado0re yew !!:'(
i havent been on this in sooooooooo long  need to start checking it more often
@c_bish hey fetus! i don't get this twitter business.. 
feels like going to sleep but can't until ive had a casmishfix....soooo tired now though  but gotta be a loyal minion.... duty calls lol
common' team jonas. no larry king invite, no soundcheck pass, no dress reh. invite ?? really ?? 
so sick  watching bridget jones diary 2 - i love chubby renee!!! she's so pretty on this movie
@kellyplus1 i really like those cars! when we have a kid( just jad a m/c ) hes gunna get a tahoe  gunna try in aug gain  &lt;/3
uhh ohh. i dont have a ride to work...  guess ill have to call a taxi...
@sublyme I haaaate that  I won't know if any of mine cancel until mid aug (yup, once everything else is full). Fingers crossed!
Off to refresh myself!! It's still F-ing hot even with the A/C on 
had a good run today (3,5km) but now I can't put it on my nike+ or twiike profile cuz my ipod is dead 
cannot find a rolling stone with adam lambert on it. did they pull them already? boo. i wanted an issue of it really really bad. 
@twinnius_b support them. myself included. and now there's rumors that they're gonna get divorced etc. which saddens me greatly 
@amanda4peace being hungover is the worst 
booooooorrrrreeeddd, dont feel good, my guitar is fucking gross,  writing new 2 steps. lakjgladgjadlfghdfjgsdajg;igj;erohgdf;lj
@GazzyJoe lol dnt be silly my daddy wud shoot me.. plus there isnt any1 whod give me a baby  its soo much easier if someone else has 1 lol
 2 days I haven't tlkd 2 mi amor..im kinda stubborn when it comes 2 my bf..I will NOT call..not a bugaboo type
@OhFerras @MDMOLINARI   mia's being mean to me... take her away!!!!!!
omg, asked my mom if i can buy the big bang board game and she almost slapped me LMAOO feel like bb internet shopping 
@collegiate84 awwwh really  ? imma punch it!!
@MckMama crap.. i'll keep stellan in my thoughts tonight... please update when you get a chance..  poor bubby...
nooooo one of my goldfish jumped out of the tank, dunno how long it was on the floor for  trying to revive hime now.
@amberdemure u doin ok after yr accident? I had to pick a drunk friend up from dt last night and left the bike there. 
man my signal sux downstairs.. on my way back upstairs..brb 
scratch thatt! i just want jake back 
nite all well really I'm not going to bed, but I don't have my own compt. &amp; I'm leaving skool lib I will say parting is such sweet sorrow 
@ShaChouu yea I did. But @PushaPat knows all the celebrity hair ppl and they charging like $300 per lock. I'm not balling yet. 
@DubarryMcfly aww thats a wee shame  aww always next yearthey said they will try and make it better  i doubt itLOL its amaze this year
@ashley_eastwest *confused look* hmm..you know what I miss giving you *gives you weird look* *shifts away from you* I miss it 
why wont my bloody avatar show 
@HeadlineGirl imma be at the lone tree one. Fml 
@SunsetInUrEyes war unterwegs suesse..spazieren! needs a hug  ... and missin u!.. sendin lots of love from london! xx
@amy_paulo amy u fuck why won't u answer my poor little phone call 
i wish nikki was here so we could hose ourselves down and lay out front eating chips again 
@tee_gee I can't see your avi either. 
@KristenCampisi nope. donnie got pissed cause I was holding him hostage. 
finally uploaded my hungary photos to my mac, shame my battery died when i was out walking, only have 95 shots 
read d news bout tr knight leavin'...n i wntd him 2 stay 2 c wat wud hppen after he gets through getting hit by a bus 
@hartluck carey tell them to podcast it for us non aussie fans 
@Radical_J  so I guess that means ur not comming swimming??  booooo
@sovereign_mop that's cool..when do u get bak up?pride is this weeknd n sac ur gna mis it 
wana go to septembers fashion weeek 
I hate paying all my bills at 1nce, it feels good but watching your account plummet due to all the ach's at once hurts 
@PassionMD IKR~  hey do you see my background pic at all?  it's gone 
@NEEFFRESH its cuz ppl got a text personality and a real life personality. Usually they aint as bubbly n poppin online as they r off 
@team_tasty shame its sydney based 
@tashadolla You know I smoked alot of marijuana in my lifetime I don't have much braincells anymore 
My gma didnt come home today so i am deaded to arbys cause me and my gpa are pathetic and dont know how to make good food outta nothin 
@pittsmile oh she's visiting!? the chandler place closed down  we gotta find somewhere else
@ScouseLIVERPOOL Aww  wel we'll all b awake 2gether! haha wish we wa in mohegan!! deffo save lots ready 4round 3! haha
watching transformers then walking the dogg. dont want my best  friend to leave 
Sounds great.........now I won't have a close aol neighbor anymore 
@ReneeScheeler omg yum! yesss please but i cant.  kitty kat needs a get away just cant today. 
@megan1073 &quot;suspended for suspicious activity&quot; it's sad, i don't know where i'll get my free britney spears sex tapes now 
@justyrae excuse me wtf are you doing in atlanta?!  i miss youuuuuu!  
@nancy_99 thats cool cool!! I'm going 2 miss u! 
Dancinggg let's make happiness - boyz noize Extremely hottt 
@mendozm @__elinachen I'M GETTING A FRIGGING 66! imma epic fail than you guys 
just reminised about camping in alaska....portaloos in america and driving the open road.......god i miss home 
@qteepye1481  dang it was a mistake lmfao wat u aint sending another request fine :p meany lol
its so hot in this damn house  thot i was ready for summer.
I feel retarded for getting on a shuttle that doesn't go to simmons only because I wanted to go to simmons 
@mr_hogans you know better. i love you beyond all that. your always gonna be boyfriend #1 lol i made corn bread today and missed u 
The worst feeling ever is watching sumthng that means the world to u slip thru ur finger knowin theres nothin u can do 2 help  rip acacia
@angie7518 come over and take care of me...I can't move 
Retweeting @sinarko: horny ,, but there's only my little dog at my room  &gt;hahaha dont do that sinarko.or did u?
@bonjour_rebecca hopefully.. i have to work at needs from 7-11, so i miss grand march 
@_gmcd_ i saw that, too late  did you see ellen today? sooo sweet. apparently ray foley's dj-ing in cps sometime soon, lucky you
@shebreathes so how about this one to top ya: there is no flier to send. &amp; im art handicapped. i didnt forget! i promise 
hmmm...I can't find bottoms I like! 
@MightyPirate06 aww, regardless of ur suit, have fun! wish i was there, i see 3rd eye blind is playing. their anaheim show is sold out 
Last night out wit my bay for a lil min 
Is dreaming about amanda being back in her arms  if only dreams came true
@andreialta no i wasnt there dude, i was watching it live the parade live when it stopped before kobe was interviewed.. 
@victoriabradyy i know. its depressing. this is the beginning of the senior train. saddness  xoxo erin
@JaydaEvans exactly what i did NOT want to hear  i know its early, but mone was shaping up to have an mvp type season. damn.
i was readin dat thing 4 demi and selenas new people special and it made me miss my bff... 
Hey @lambo_weezy gone n I just fured this out   (lambo_weezy live &gt; http://ustre.am/3pp9)
I'm a hot mess for sitting here and eating on my bed smh! But sitting @ the table by myself just feels so lonely 
why would miley and nick try again  it really is official. joe and kevin actually admit to have girlfriends!!!! wooohooo!
@GreedyDreamer No I agree.I said150yrs is obviously ridiculous.&amp;obviously I wish others would get punished just as well.I jus luv kitties 
@iamdiddy hey that link u put up-there's something missin, cuz it's not a link 
I cant sleeeeeeeeeep! im goin to snuggle up with my dog on the sofa n watch whatevercrap is on tv 
I think my bet with diana is going to turn into a fail. 
hmmmmm daniel is eating. sounds funnnnnnn!  uugghh  hmm my tummy kills. danil, e mail me at gabby.2233@hotmail.com
sad face  krod  @kmosk3 our dear friend timmy accepted me on fb. haha
burn notice was ok, still waiting for micheal and fee to get together!!  #teamftsk
Wtf?both caitlin and kupono are in the bottom  here is hoping and praying that kayla and evan(with their respective partners) will b safe
sytycd...fine with the girls...but they got ride of max  ... hmmm....O well...
@buckhollywood my computer crashed and wont let me watch ur show cuz my shove wave died or something   have a good show xoxo
@alepants awhh, why dont you go to the beach! lol its not warm enuf for tht over here  but once you come back to ny we def. hav 2 hang out
anyways, i miss 1st block 
Wish sonny with a chance would come on after wizards! 
@roxzerosix dude im at school   wish i was at home with you! love ya
@funswedishchic ughhh fuck american health care 
at green grove once again.... close to gb-ing.. someone drive me home   http://twitpic.com/7ro3i
@rishabhkaul d one instructor is alotd jus 1 station, visits evryday frm 10 to 5.. 
still sad about 2morrow! :'( imma cry watch. and imma hug EVERYONE! to show the love. 
@therealpickler http://twitpic.com/7rp32 - i get blisters a lot cause i love to wear high heels too! they do suck! 
@bananza ugh, don't get me started on dailymile...i've all but failed most of my social networks  lol what's new w/ u though anne?
@GetWHITit yo I'm sick...came home to no power  I shoulda been spendin da nite at ur crib
finally home thx 2 @cubbyreza cuz my F**kin mother forgot 2 pick me up! Gnite gotta get up @ 5 
@Mnmissy S&lt;beep&gt;T.. that joke just got me 12 pastors followin' me.  
@xoxo_steppie how do I pick a size for any of ur tees I tried to order but didn't know where to pick 
@SierraMargaret mkay love. i need to get my mind of wats gonna happen saturday  ill stop by this weekend with yummy foods that u want ;]
@nabiluppal sadly we still don't know who attacked the sri lankans, because police let gunmen just walk away afterwards 
ok lemme end with this quote &quot; excuses are worst than lies&quot; &lt;--forgot who said it  hahaha brain dead@dis point
obv has trspassing charges in south padre, and now dosent have a phone. gooooood job 
@collisionbend : ya. only twiter puld a daily folo limit now. so th xperiment is kaput w peeps thinkin i dropd 'em. lost 400 sinc 3pm 
i remember obsessing about getting a wii fit last x-mas, and now my poor wii is collecting dust and my ass continues to grow 
@GiulianaRancic i'm sick of the jon &amp; kate story and speidi. poor kids though. 
@retthib awwww!!! hahaha.....tell ur boss i said sawy  ..i hope u visiting my page didnt get u into trouble  ..how r ya babe?
@ninjadoodles haha but it's called a HERbag!  although I did see this guy in japan carrying the overnight size it was nice.
@LeonardHow yeah, i know, that's the problem!  i'll be in church sat la haha, probably after service? cos i'm on ministry on saturday lol
On the rooftop floor. Theres a gym I climbed but sakurity wouldnt let me go down the slide.  shit's craaazy!
Knives that cut thru anything are good.. until they start cutting thru your finger! 
i feel so darned alone! on one will answer the phone, thee bf wont show up, thee bff and thee sister r out of town 
@theotherleslie http://twitpic.com/7rese - ah! i'm sure this was pure bliss. i wanted to be there more than anything 
@squareric aww man cuz my comp with my iTunes doesnt have internet 
@Fanlock tweet with an ipod touch? didn't know that. okayy.I'm &quot;old-fashioned&quot; *giggles* too bad. I was hoping i could see the green pic. 
@stefanodimera i really do likeyou stephano i am just wee bit upset that you have scheming with that nasty nicole against sami and ej 
my back hurt od smh 
kinda slow on thurs nights..but we still know how to get it in!..vaction is the best!!...i miss my beastie 
@dianecoppo and me?  , you leaft me alone with the jonas in new york!! come with me plz!!! and we kill the miley beach 
@madeofhoney1 hey baby ar eu there? ur phone is off  holla my love when u charge ur phone. i love you, MUAH!!!
fuck. took my tongue web piercing out to clean the ring, couldn't get it back in, hole's closed  bye bye $70. fml
it seems no specail here 
@AidanLegend grr. i can't ok, i have my convocation right after the trip, damnit! 
Its boring home alone when ur sik and nothing on tv is good 
noooo @tdeee dont pack up tonight  looooooove you
@_CrC_ hey chris,  can i get a twug!  i had to withdrawal from the logo contest      i'm sad now 
@Karess_09 I know!  If i dont win imma just do what i planned on doin at 1st just like in confessions of teenage drama queen imma sneak in
i think youtube hates me it keeps not working  i think i have an addiction to the internet.. wait i DO have an addiction im gona break it
@whoisbarbie cause corey got off so that means no gb  and now im sittin on my comp with notin to do
fml, a mosquito or something was like sucking the life out of my foot. it itches now. i'm gonna die. 
mtb ride was kickass!  its nice to have a base that doesnt disapear that quick when life gets crazy  packing now santa cruz in the am
@hollywoodtv i cnt get there!  because idk where that is i dnt think i even live close to it is, who is it??
doing my homework nw with sharmin the apple ps me again haiz sad man  have to do homework ...
ok, so laying in bed watching grease with leah is weird. where's my bestfriend? 
off to the netherlands tomorrow ! yech gotta pack 
ughh dont feel lik diia i jus want sum 1 so bad but that person dont want mii 
@luke5342 What's wrong? What's on your mind? 
@codyblair same fucking drill as yesterday. i'm so sorry babe, goodnight &lt;3 
selling off a bunch of expensive designer shoes. manolo, choo, chloe, stella. size 6.5. if anyones interested. sad for me. 
driving tru trenton looking for my sanity 
@realmfox ur soo pretty. i love piercings and tats. dark hair and eyes is my biiigggest turn on.. i just wish u'd atleast comment back 
@MarciaBrazil ohhh .  well you need to do something else on tv cause your fucking hilarious and definatley my favorite on charm school! 
juz want to curl up and die,,,haiz in big trouble for this one 
just had to give lucy some...um...medicine.  it was an awful experience for BOTH of us!    my poor, sweetie!
sigh...thinking about my ex-crush makes me sad  and they call. them crushes cuz they crushes ur heart 
@rt_nuggets LOL, it is very true!  It is now 4 days later and I have yet to find anything worthwhie worth watching  
@__stephanielynn carrie just left and its time to say goodnight to the wii and soon sleep. i wanna see that movie kinda badly  jealous
@nataliemarie17 ya! you shalley and sally need to come.. none of you have been to my new place yet  .. you going to vegas for maleas bday?
Ugh gotta be up rly early 2morrow!! Aaww man hate going to the doctors!b 
@itsmarababy damnit! iwanna play san andreas!!! 
why do brownies take so long to bakeee?! &amp;omg I have likee noo friends, I'm sooo bored &amp; nothing to do!  @ctil_idie put 1 in the air 4 me!
really sad after finally hearing the truth &amp; idk y 
Finally get to pick up my puter from the apple doc but they had to wipe it out and I didn't back up anything  7000 songs gone!
@PiaCzarina hmm i dont have any in the bay soon  but keep looking at my event calander on myspace.  I update that often.
is super soar..ankle is still hurting a bunch  but on the bright side kirsten comes tomo!!!!!!!!
@monniquinnha @carlacdias @KarolDiniz ended up the night huggin donnie 2x and 1 kiss. no pix were allowed 
@mikeyway mr. mikey way. i heard that this new album is mcr's last. is this true? 
omg boring day!! i really miss my boys!  wanna see them &lt;3 goin swimmin tomorrow, then dance, iloveucoltonletyler!! &lt;3 miss u lots
@SongwriterTC now all you have to do is upload backfire on youtube...it's just that easy man! lol imma stop bothering you about that song 
@ksulisto kariiiim call u lemme knw abt dentsu by this week  soalnya I need to let the fortune guy knw gtuu
@weretiger ask my mum la. . .she's the user. hahaha. . .initial tests abit slow. maybe kl raining! 
@garageglamorous awwwww      y u upp so late anyway?? lol
@limsinying haha cos i hate myself for being fat  &amp; i hate it when ppl say i'm fat. grr but i just broke my rule and ate one meal lol
up crusing thank god its friday pity i've got a job &amp; i got shit to do! 
@yin9shi wow thats a trance remix haha! i want round 2  
i wish i was going to the hey monday/this providence tour  sob
im cruising the big m thank god its friday pity i've got a job pity i got shit to do! 
@xoxo_loza_xoxo suz &amp; steve are leaving coz of work and friends and family  im really upset. mum saw the tweet n i swore oops lol
fck. netflix is down. i was hoping to finish watching Weeds season 1 but no! stupid maintenance 
@charleskimjr hahaha! word.  what're you doing tomorrow?  i got in my crankset and cranks 
@bill_archie I'm so bored I feel like doing a #followfriday. 
@lexiemcg gurl. you full of yo self. but theres nothing wrong with that...wish i could have made it tonight 
after school bff evening I'll miss @nerearoldan there  I wanna see you soon. I love you with all my heart &lt;3. I'm not anything without you
i have a great blues voice at the mo! but riz said that it is making his eyes hurt 
@pikestaff *hug* I'm never quite as good with combat as I am with mut, even counting my awesome swords of pwnage. 
Oh em gee....wide awake and hella tired but ii cant sleep 
@ladyleolove nah no nerves hit,seems ur trying to hve a battle of the witts with me, I'd love to keep going all nite, bt ur unarm'd 
boots. aldo heels. platform shoes. omg. i want them! i miss them! poor them, left in sg... and poor me, stuck with only 3 pairs!!! 
@starrahlicious dat hurts  im sure she takes a interest in fans.
is on the bus to school as usual!  so boring! cant wait to be free! lol ha ha
could sum1 help a little geordie damsel in distress? havnt got a clue wot t do on here 
@simplyFREE7 I'm kina tired 4 a smoke break tonite!! 
heh @twistud went on right after i went off..ts a sad story..  lol
@xmedusa i can probs crash at my friend brisbane place if i ask, cause they love me. haha. but yuhhh idk 
@hannibalism i shall take comfort in the fact tt i'm reading a script abt saddam hussein's son. 
@wonderdidi ya lo...keep fit cuz long time never go exercise   this sunday i want to go jogging at reserve park !!
amazing hoe people change over the course of a year  doesnt noe wut to do or believe anymore...
says i want to be ur valentine, ur christmas wish or ur pick-up line..*missing pau..*  http://plurk.com/p/123y57
@xo_mcflyandjb What's wrong lovie?  Heres a joke:3 tampons are walking down the street, a small one, a medium sized one, and a large one.
@bes21 omg bes, i dont know if you still on but i just finished the emails and i practically in tears..... i miss her  
god i really miss hanging out with devon 
i want to put this aloe vera on to soothe my burn but i cant reach all of my back &amp; nobodys awake to help me 
gloria jeans and f.r.ie.n.d.s repeats definatly heal a broken heart 
my best frnd  is still angry.....hope he'll cum bck to his normal self soon. till then....m really missing his company 
@MariaRoblesx hey baby! I know right lol I knew ud love it! I need to talk to u i'm so upset  what u doing?xxx
@KPappsmear I feel you... I'm crying like a little bitch and its only been like 2 weeks, maybe 3... I still want my sex tho 
has been sick and it sucks! I feel like death. &amp;&amp; i'm veryyyy upset that the dr wont call backkk. helpppp! 
@nw44 laundry is the bomb! ultimate sign of independance...but...my mum still does it better 
ohhhh  taylor swift opens up selling tickets for wembley for her fearless tour. I LOVE HER. but i have no money.  this sucks.
@jtb_harper I got my check but can't cash it till tomorrow. I'm gonna be so broke till next payday. I hate being lazy. I need another job 
I need 2 email myself dis mixtape coz I try download on my house computer but it jus won't do it! Parred me1 
i should've eaten breakfast. almost 11am and i get really hungry.  how funny next song on my ipod is 11am by incubus. hehe.
@SholaAma my bad shola, ment to update my own wall not yours 
@kreacheryl cheer up mamacita  ps imma reply when i wake up or rn since sleep = not on my agenda
@thetourist76 iain! It's really bad! They are playing some dance crap at the moment! 
@buyloewen does bulimia count? and no i dont recommend it  it took me 13yrs to break the habbit
Its dum how thngs kan change..i miss you 
gtg doc gain my dad says my temp went 45c  au revoir
@kalluK thanks yaar ...par....thats not somebody...... I just found out that this code will not be needed  ..its all waste
@roidrage ohh, hadn't even thought of the battery  will try a pack this weekend... thanks bro
Just heard rob pattinson got hit by a cab in new york, hope he's ok 
@james_m_hunt course the photos are on facebook!! you should go away, get some real sun, although dont get as much as i did, im burnt 
@JiLLaCute94 same wid me.... i jus studied for an hour till noww &amp; mom doesnt noe dat yet.... and she is scolding me to go take a bath... 
grrrrr.... after standing in a 2 hr. long queue in clg...sucked there nw this rapid share ..... just willing to let all these fire... 
Just ordered taylor wift tickets, ahh if i went to bed before like 4am i would'a been up at nine to get them :/ sorry trishh  cud b worse
@carl_winslow something tells me youve caught a fap to them before or else you wouldnt want a rape shower... 
@pviktor does look good...roland emmerich last couple epic's sucked major ass though unfortunately 
@xlikewolvesx aww &lt;3 yw bb. I love me a good thunderstorm but if it takes you by surprise that can be a real pain in the ass 
*shouts* Morning thank god for waking mi up  2 see another beautiful day bout to call mi mumma miss her 
@Botcots still no reply? i think you might be chasing a lost cause there then  oh, ive replaced most of the rotten wood on the chicken pen
@RealZoltan @700doo guys i feel like an idiot, u see how selena came to toronto.. i live in toronto  i missed her! dam man!
@Botcots still no reply? i think you might be chasing a lost cause there then  oh, ive replaced most of the rotten wood on the chicken pen
@dr_dmac I had no idea he was on and missed your alert  miss hearing from ya! How R U?
nothing beats being vomited on at 2am by your cat   thank god it's friday!! &lt;3
i wish i were taller and wayyyy wayyyy thinner  short &amp; fat now thats sad! - http://tweet.sg
feeling low  down sad i hate fridays....
@AliaaRidz unfortunately the atm machine didn't xplode  yea,lots of suspense,not that scary!
@trouble2111 i haven't had tim tams since the meet-up &amp; even then, i only had one. hmmm... ugh. 
@Jfrey33 congrats on co-op student of the year//ps: crime against society, the alice and olivia sample sale is happening while i'm in chi 
@RanjeetC damn its 6 am here  fml going to sleep or try. lmfao.
agggg! my blisters hurt so bad! and they are huge! right on the balls of my feet  ow ow ow
@FrontRowCenter hey anything for the jonas brothers? my sister is crazy on them, but the stuff on ebay just takes the piss!  xx
@tina159 ok so not fair!! u still have 52 and mine's gone down to 257!! 
had a awesome holiday! and wished she didnt hav 2 cum bck!  xxxx
@OfficialBF1943 and wats this got to do with 1943 you guy are such teases really getting inoying 
@KittyTaylor55 I'm so jealous that I can't even think of reloading my mac anymore 
@chelsealately hey chelsea i was at olive garden last night and saw a bunch of little nuggets and thought of you!! didn't get a pic tho 
@SushiSlutBarbie dang niiice too bad ur in the other side of the U.S. 
likes the fact joe and kevin FINALLY admitted they have gf's. camilla is one lucky girl 
noooo, martin's retiring his wee metallica shirt for the summer  i say he lends it to me ;D &lt;33
@mrs_cheftree EEEEK! that stinks 
@tymusic u kno the place in ur background pic... they've painted over the letters!! 
@mand11x  im sorry about your grandma man, if you need a place to stay while their figuring this out you can always come to my house
just escaped from the killer bee thats in my lounge, gaah. it's like as big as me no joke! i was scared i was gunna get stung 
@Ayyaya hahahahaha i want a boat too  ha i love looking at old photos from those days they make me laugh so much when me and lyss went
help me! &quot;kasaysayan ng wika&quot; thingy for filipino homework tomorrow :| college sucks when you dont have internet connection at home 
@kaylaSTACK playing and he goes&quot; oh god, courtney, thats horrible&quot; and turns it down a whole heap, laughing and does his window up!  LOL
Is missing matthew fox cause of the valedictory  &amp; now I just missed my fav part in an avenged sevenfold song 
@amy_stafford I can't live the rock and roll lifestyle like you 
@LuckyBailey hehehe xD... too bad to be haunter's car... btw, how much of it do u have? I gotta go... 
throat is killin me and ive got a cold  still goin 2 town thooand partyyyy 2nyt woooooooo xxx
still no luck finding autobot cosmos (legends) im getting a feeling he is NOT getting realesed in sweden 
making an attepmt at french, but it does'nt seem to be very successful 
@hairshockhanny yeay youre starting to do that again!!! dont forget to check out my sets. i'll miss you han 
@wcg_prod1gy_x  the fact that microsoft wont take the blame for their error with my account, makes me avoid console gaming 
hmmm pointless bein in col loads of work 2 do tho  not gurd
im up! eating oatmeal.... cardio burn class in 37min..... still no dot 
@verybadcat13 oic..sry 2 hear that..&amp; sry 2 hear bout yr sis bf..but, hope U have fun the rest of the time off..my vaca is still a wk off 
@pati3nce lol yeah I was there before it even opened and I was the first one helped but now I'm home sorry I couldn't save you a spot 
owwwwwwwww........my chubby arm hurtz nd my fingerz r tingling    iz tht a bad sign??????   o dear :O
laying around mi bf house waiting for him 2 get done work but tht wont b 4 awile  
is feeling sad..  anyone out thr going to help cheer me up? a joke mayb?
@MissKatiePrice hi katie im me n my 9 yr old daughter love u n upset bout u n peter  wish u luck xx
got thro 2 nova 4 tiks2 rejects..listened from 5:30, passed on lat8 nite shoppin..listened till 10:30. missed it, what the f###!!hopeless 
@WillKnott ooohhh yum! but no, they does nay have em here  nor lucozade! no point in having a hangover in this country!
is bored outta my mind.... my psp charger broke.... can't charge and play..... 
good mornin' i need to do something for my schoolarship.. so i woke up 30 minutes ago n i'm like sooo tired!!  ....
@JennaIsWriting dman that's ages  ah well when it's done it will be awesome  I don't even know what its about, but I'll buy one ahaha!
@davidrules04 assorted nuts eh? ha. sorry i have such a dirty mind!! I'd offer you one of my cookies but your all the way in manchester! 
@Haylz2329 4 stone wot u wana b skin n bones  not gud ur perfecto the way u r xxx
@ddlovato have fun! but its worth it when you come to hartford! jb wont come here, but you will! im not going to ur show  but i rly want 2
@suedeglasto No worries. erm nah i wont b unforch as i wont hav anythin to tweet with  would if i did tho!
I dont believe in love any more i mean first nick and jessica and now katie and peter! 
still can't open up blogger.com on this stupid shanghai broadband...no one knows why  can't wait to be back in singapore and to see ellie!
darn it. i cant access turbonick. its the only place i cant watch drake &amp; josh.  imma try youtube.
@ilovbutterlfies ; i still have that stupid boom boom pow song in  my head  hahaha
@Starscollided88 not nearly enough. As my fav twin you are not one of those ppl. Unfortunately small doses is usually all we get 
jst played guitar for 1/2 hour nd made my finger bleed again.. i dnt have cool plasters to put on it like nicole does  boring ones for me!
@LizJonasHQ yeah  haha thank god it's only 34 days till my concerts!
I hope you are not like your sign at allll. 
i wish that taylor and joe would just stop bashing each other and bury the hatchet and stop with the hate lyrics! 
My voice... It's as gone as stu's lateral incisor...  texting only for awhile. Lol
@a_phuckinladi ok ima call u..I'm on my way 2 wrk 
@daw69 @loribartolozzi @sarah_janes @deenahagen I had a M&amp;G dream last night!!!  I was late for the M&amp;G and almost didn't make it....
@jpmiranda my head hurts too!!  just bought some tylenol from lil old lady at the stand in front of ht
@wolf_reynolds im ight, just pullin up to work   money to be made... are you an alpha?
@ sleepyqueen: can sms me, jus tat i reply slow onli  ya loh, sun father's day i also hafen buy or do anything...
ill have to close this page down, as i got friccin spammed&amp; its wreckin my head.....grr!!!! 
@james__buckley awww...james...u cant be ill for tonight!!!   U poor sod!!  
@tajirprada yes I am..bout 2 catch this flight bak 2 the big apple.. 
ooh brother got busted -__- baad report card kak 
but gosh i'm jealous on the @LyssaBrooke family! florida sounds sooo nice  sun, america, warm weather, bathing!!, can't get better hah 
is bummed, her vocal entry to win bon jovi tickets sucks at the first (rocks at the end)...and that's the only part ppl listen to 
just woke up and still singing john legend tunes! lol.... but gots ta head to work at some point...production dosnt get holidays! 
looking at pics of georgia theatre fire. it's amazing that from the street it looks fine, from air it's totally gutted. 
looking at some hot stuff baby this eveninggggg    ow me  poorly arm &amp; finger = fail     ohaihat(lo) http://tinyurl.com/nacnbr
writing the same old boring, silly, ridiculous, crazy, chi - chi reports 
my @ thingy isnt working so i hav 2 type my follow fridays  so i cant do that many dis wk sorry tweoples u know i love u all mwah
phoenix is nack! just not on the rpg i wanted her on. 
just finished the weights. my arms ache so much i can barely lift a thing.  -via www.isip.ph
@jesssrocks o yea smh  lol kinda bitter sweet man!!! lol so r u goin to lauren party 2 day?
@shakira is now on twitter! i've been &quot;following&quot; her since before she was   the shakira she is today. 1996ish!  thats so long ago. 
@MrFord lol I wish. But these chilren don't come in on fridays so its jus the adults 
I'm trapped in my room bc these ppl r redoing the hallways floors  and I gotta pee..grrrrrrrrr 
Friends bachlorette party today! woot woot! I'm really worried tho, I don't think he's the right guy... 
so fresh...juz finished my bath. uhmmm....fab not replying my message 
@ddlovato plz come 2 KUWAIT u have lots of fans here!! ur so huge here!! i wish there's a way that i can show u all ur fans     
@aTruUrbanL no I have to study  but I'm going to the ball nxt wknd r u?
does ma hair look ok for prom??? D= i hate no hats  http://tinyurl.com/kwksv7
britney spears tickets are out on the market! and i need some 
@its10ft ur not getting drunk with me 
really wishes she could go see taylor swift this summer, but seeing jonas instead. ugh, i wish i had more money so i could see her live! 
@hollyvossen omg i am sooo jealous!!! i wanna go camping :'( mom and cody are this weekend for a ball tournament..i have to babysit sat. 
@twin_squirrel whats the sense then? lol 
@CliffGQ ura freak lol lamee. I really want a job tho  and w| the bread u got, u need 2 spread the wealth.
lmao my mum just asked me what i thought of her new top i told her it was hidious cause it is, and she in a huff now 
@jamthedirtybird jam we miss ya on facebook my guy lol, oh and you're superbowl is going to be on today  too bad e. rob couldnt tackle rod
Cruelmente humillado en el volley ball regreso a twitter  sniff
@khuntley i wish it could be me!!!   any of the mark taylor apartments are really nice though! check them out!
@gulpanag why yu dnt pay attention to my tweets....   
just came home from that damn regents ugh heade to the airport to drop off my mommy...im gunna miss her 
@DubarryMcfly same here! dunno what were having for dinner though  i hope its soon or im gunna die!!!! xxx
should be leaving for indy right about now, but sold all our tix  have fun at #phish all, see ya in august in chi-town
@ariel_angelic ur UGLyy and never listen to my feelings!! 
@dani3008 aaahhh just some family crap 
only just got this...but i have no followers....         its raining like mad in bury..im gutted  !!!  :@
@mynamesamy noooo. amy you dont get it! at least speak to me 
Everyone has iphones wtf! All I keep seein r posts from their 3gs iphones  all I have is a blackberry wahhh oh well out of work goin home
on the fone with marissa right now. looks like its gunna rain  but it is very very humid out! lol. nice! lol! me and marissa r laughing!
idk where my phone is hahaha and my dog got himself all dirty when I just gave him a bath 
its freaking hot outside!   can't sleep. 
@elle_oh_elle_ haha im pumped about that ice cream too! and u get to see my lack of hair! 
@alchemist1906 i just talked to s. peezy! i must not be invited bc he didnt invite me 
twitter loves ive missed uu guys lots 
@RODDYBOTTUM my two fave bands together and no me  have fun guys xxx ps u were fab at dowload and brixton 
Heading to a potluck for our salon coordinator thats leaving us ...we will miss her 
@anoth3rillusion oh no! that totally blows  buy a camera at walmart and then return it at the end of your vacay!
So its my mum + dads 30th 2moro big party + no one 2go wiv  doh!
15... nuffin dif... still all d arguments at hm wit d demoness... n at skl nuffin new der either... n love life is as dry as dry crisps! 
dammit...i think i caught swine from the laker parade 
@nickybyrneoffic dont have a scooby! never been to dublin  tell us you big tease!  xxx
@KatiesKreations same prob stuck at 2001 can't follow not even follow backs and it doesnt say anyhting just show the spinning update icon 
@kurt_ctdk @leo_meleepunks @inquizzy @kjeehoe the gig was undoubtedly great! wish i was there...  beezneez such a drag sometimes.. rockon
@meg_ay I was in downtown and he's staying at the same hotel as my friend and i was tryna see if i could get a pic..but no 
dont feel like camping, stupid abbey card, raah for bad moods 
@laura_yuuup soo it was supposed to start at 10. we got there at 1030. it was PACKED to capacity and we didnt get in  no pool party for me
my dad won't let me get a the maine t-shirt  life is kinda crap these days
grr my eyesight is getting worse. 
Should've went back to jersey w/ mushi instead of being stuck in crappy boston weather 
Just saw dis girl look like megan good n da car next to me, wish I culda talked to her 
@gulpanag atleast ur 13 hours were spent in something u luv to do .. here we spent same in writing some junk code for some customer smwhr 
@NicaChelle  sry for that!! I just never see or hear from you  plus I havent been to bio for min. (i kno shame)
@Wafuku_kimonos aha!  Thanks.will have to wait till I am at somebody elses house then 
why is every box showing a + except mishas????  im voting for you misha in spirit at min cos its not working 
time to go. bye bye mj, sug, oreo, fish, miss jeannie, kevin, and chase. and most of all mommy. i love you all.  ps see you soon
@bkilat are you in lawrence?  i was just down on mass!  sorry i missed you   you should come to marley &amp; me outdoor movie next fri!
supposed to debut kids homemade movie with @jerriberri98 &amp; @luvli_levi &amp; her lil bro at party tmw but unsure if i have time to finish it 
@herrflik skype is sucky atm  dare u ask y what?
i want to help my best friend but theres nothing i can do  fml
@scarlett_b noooooo!  I only got a couple before we went out you had all the goodens 
Couldn't find mr bean  and theres nothing good on TV - bad times!
lmfao! partying it up with every1 :-* my poor boo is working  ....text meh 5083326269 or aim xxdribaby16xx
@TimothyH2O you know what. youre a meanie  youre hurting my feelings. lol. i havent taken spanish since like 10th grade. so callate
@koreas yeah me too but if rafa would have stayed in, he probably would have lost in the first round anyway 
@Catasphere: haha uhm we saw up and went to taco bell. We were gona go on an adventure but got in trouble. So nothing 
is loving northwestern campus!!! volunteered w/ really cool guy who's a jr @ northwestern-never found out his name tho... 
hey baby boo! no i havent yet girl im broke as hell lol i dont want no cheap phone either so im without for now 
@kristinister I'm sorry  kevin used to be that way, probably cause I started dating his brother joe :/ hahaha
hey baby boo! no i havent yet girl im broke as hell lol i dont want no cheap phone either so im without for now  @nickyfierce
@FrankieTheSats ooooh no  hugs put it in a airing cupboard and take ur sim out.. 2mz it might b fine thats wat i did with mine!xx
its sad to think that a kid sumwhere won't even consider a career in music.bcuz he was nvr exposed to an instrument. 
@jonboyes gotta come back to blighty on sunday, bag 
whheeee being smad @ life in general (aka: the fact that im not at an awesome party even tho i was invited 
I guess no one had a bad as night like i did! Faceplanting outside a club, gettin ur leg run over, gettin toilet paper stuck to ur shoe! 
wooo freddie still in.  listening to the saturdays now. gutted i couldn't see them on tour  next tour deffo!
@todb yea no doubt, my son gets sick on the regular, interrupts the hacking 
@suellen101 i could use a rum fix!!  hehehe  guess i'll wait til i get home 
good night everyone! gota go bed...gettin up early 2moz  xx
@jojo_jtv awww sont cry  you crying makes others sad
@lamryan ha i wish not only cant i afford it my comp cant play it anyway  i would have to upgrade everything lol
oops, i meant the 95.. even scarier to be walking down with a baby! poor guy, i was gonna give him a ride too!  
I'm thinking about installing windows 7 on my macbook cause my stuff is lagging in vmware fusion  dont feel like it though
Aww watching a danielle steel film its sooo sad  crying so bad xxx
@Danibindustries idk what song that is.  but i bet is way emo. just stay away from those dank lines of coke. don't want to end up like rr.
@amanda_hemphil, my mom heard that theyre announcing it on mondays episode 
@yelyahwilliams oh my god ive just been in hospital with samr freaky :s not nice either still have it too  bad times xx
bad habit --destiny childs going reall hard right now..know what kinda day im having 
fathers day is gonna suck cuz i also have to go to a birthday party and deal with extended family that doesn like me 
Fuckk my immune system is whacked. I think i'm in love with you  - http://tweet.sg
Finally off frum werk  : D on my way to da nail place I fucked up my toes  so gotta fix em...
Going to some damn party wit mike where I don't kno anyone  I don't wanna go
damnman I still aint got out the car  hate to see this shit n this b like whn u see ppl u been wonderin where they been aint seen n years
hahaha. lying in bed &amp; im such a douche, i dropped my phone on my chin. heavy hiptop. really hurt. i was hoping to sleep in longer today 
nope...didn't get the house  http://tumblr.com/xdw23fna0
FK, my 3G crapped out and is in a bootloop cuz I tried to reset the device  now wont boot - ideas any one? All I get it the apple! 
with kimmy waiting for jenn &amp; dee    feel better @yelyahwilliams , since infections are the worse 
eff dis rain. mall time with pickle and lizzie. wish kface was here too 
@Lucasstanley aww! thats no fair  socks are a joyous occasion :]
After A LOT  of thought, I decided to change my etsy to : www.RococoTrash.etsy.com
Going to the movies to see hangover.I miss my vbs kids  20 hours of cs!! Listenig to the up bros why I have no idea ... I might be parnoid
@jezenia omg ur the 2nd person that has told people 2 follow me! I must be annoying  I'm out bitch! lol
sad that nadal wont play wimbeldon  but happy to chill with bff tonite!
@aboutlore hahahahha... ok..cool... how long have u guys been going out? /  .. espero y me sale lo de espere 50 min para seguir viendo
@PLACEBOWORLD guy i want to read news from america latina in special mexico please come here i need to see you again i miss you 
becuz of the before we had before the last day of school my bangs have a permanent green highlight dang my mothers gonna kill me 
wow im bored. i think i best get ready for workkk! gah. worst thing about twitter. i have a lame job but all these celebs have mad jobs! 
@simplyminda so u either got the pic or NOT bitch! did u erase the shit off ur phone loser?! 
@ciara_danella dont call it scaring my body you like it. you cant act like you hate it 
the 1st year was a really bad movie. but picking theo up from work in a lil &amp; chillllllin. i miss brit &amp; manda already 
@zaibatsu I was wondering the same thing  (hence my rt)
@Wachnik awww  what a lame-o..ps i have no more school! lets do something!
my internet is down cuz my modem is fried, could be a few days...sorry gg cant have our usual chats   unless u have msn,
hangen out at hime. talking w/ kayla on my rental phone wishing i had my clutch!...yea, i live a boring life 
This tha only part I hate... The hot iron I'm scared shitless off it 
ilched wif da fam bamm.... nw time to party hard!! fuking rain  wat to wear??? holldogga help!!
http://img268.imageshack.us/img268/4297/nailsc.jpg my funny third fingernail always grows out extra pointy. time to trim it again. 
waiting for parents to get back from las vegas, they are stranded there cause of bad weather. how sad 
so sad coz can't join my frenz picnic.. 
#dontyouhate when ur sleeping sooo good and then ur phone rings.  AND it's someone u woulda never picked up 4 anyways!!
I can't attend the practice coz it's late... Impossible to be the psalmist for tom 
@DaveMP hahaha ohhh i see. yeah it was terrible. i even beer bonged rum in hopes of getting smashed... but nothing. 
@galiiit i know, but her parents aren't letting her come cos shes recovering from her cold!  im on my way to georges now. yum matzah!
@criss_angel excuse me mr.criss angel awsomeist guy everrr. im at the luxor and i really wanna get a picture with you. 
I wanna play with lego!! But i has none  so today I think I will plaaay... atari or sega master.. nothin beats old skool gamin! weeeeeee!!
lol bt ofcourse ther r the litl crybabies aswel. &quot;mummy!come and kiss my booboo  &quot;14year olds crakup!
@DavidArchie i wasn't able to watch ur virtual concert cuz of bad internet connection 
lmfao..@ChooseJuicyx2ii girl i been goin to the pool every damn day. knowin my ass cant swim! hahah but i never been to the beach before! 
@chriswiltz nope. i'm really behind on my anime-shows. i will for sure check them out tho! man, those were the good ol days. i miss them. 
@kellyleerules I'm working  if ur out stop and visit me!
@Dessacrate this elite suju fic comm is hurting people on my f-list, and I'm just, idk, I don't like seeing them so down. 
@crabillhp hailez i feel sooo bad 4 u that ur w/ the soon to be 5th grade beasts  
starting to read twilight again... didnt know how much i'd miss it   but i just love reading about bella&amp; edward they're so cute
@skawt awww it's not funny  lol i need a reality check actually...lol bianca and i were talking about how it'll never happen. the crush eh
it's a lil challenging typing left-handed. i burnt myself on the lawnmower...  ouch
why cant sponge bob be real??  i dont care about santa :/ please give life to sponge bob 0_o *just ignore me people* hehe i'm kuku lol
My tummy looks nasty!  No more kids for me! I dont kno how im gonna recover from this one!  lol
@thasirenkt uhmmm you where cool until you decided to get rest so u can get up at 6!! i tried 
@liteskiincutie lmaoo man idkk its cool illalways live my splashy life wassup wit u tho I miss my bestfriend 
Sitting outside on deck looking at clouds while sun is gone.  its soo hott though eh..
@emony21 thanks eric people kept starin at me @ the grocery store  we gotta chill @ evans again and we don't have to help him move hahaha
@clothes_w share clothes *puppy dog eyes*  nangangasim(sp?) ako lmao
Outmania has hit san diego, those are some nice stirrups, shoulda gone to the game 
@misschellekay hahaha they'll put u in quarantine  hahaa and then u'll miss the south of swan festival! noooo!
@attandy neighbor! why dont we play beer pong anymore? 
helped my bro &amp; sis-in-law paint their new house today. had to miss the cowboy junkies concert tho. 
@JulissaB @rocsidiaz i'd like to, but unfortunately i'm too far from u ... i'm 350 miles away  lolol
@JackTheDrummer hah then yout youth leader sounds pretty awesome   how are you latley? we havent talked on facebook for awhile 
Its never for me to be hella tired at a bon-fire.. 
#dontyouhate  Not having ur best friend by ur side when u need her? 
#dontyouhate wen ur bout to take a shower nd u wish ur other 1/2 was wit u kuz they know just how to sex u right when yall in it together 
'To bad u aren't playing soccer with me this year cuz ur fun to play with and ur not a ball hog like some people i know'  lol
@MissTinaYao i thought i was the only person that couldnt swim. lol. i cant drive either  fuk it, at least i could play music &amp; dance.
@nickjonas the jb hates their tour on south america?  you not, but argentinan fans loves you nicholas!
i am slowly dying omg i feel so sick!! : / stuck home on a friday...oh well 
@santi_sunshine I have to sell my remainders of my old bass and can't get a new one til I move  imma feel lost without it
@jenny_wade ack, my question got misconstrued. I didn't mean it that way. 
@daniellewasall ahh! why arent your parents letting you go?! i would cry haha. beer pong party?? nope we are just going into winter 
just shot a video of  my lil girl she said she want her daddy her fa fathers day but immma be on tha road doing shows  #dontyouhate that?
Wishing I was at the white party in the 'ston with my favs instead of watching the thunder + lightning in chi  p.s. did this work? 1st twt
single..but wat do yu care...this place iz lame nd i got no friend on this bitch 
@JKFalsettoKing my f'ing favourite! i'm losing it here! LOL argh i regret not asking for a pic when i had my chance. boooo on me! 
nevermind no bullfights...   but my queensland cought a snake and it bit her but it was NOT poisonous!! thank the all mighty lord jesus!
@geishadoll i think i had a copy of that song but idk where it is 
Looks like no one will get the stashed ticket for st vincent.  It still sits there 
wishing i was going to movies w/ @taasshhh, @Wow_wee and @aureNnLay but im not alowd cuz of mums bday 
obv could nvr win 2800 chip all in pot with aj vs jt. at  7300 now, man that xtra 2800 wouldve been nice breathing room 
alone on friday...    i better not be alone 2morrow... i need a hug... ok dis movie already booorrriiinnnggg
All this michigan is making the roof cry 
anyone in vegas wanna watch my kitty for a few weeks? my roommate is allergic  www.mattspaid.com/karma.jpg ..she's really cute and a bitch
@leighbryner You forgot to mention talking to the most awesome person ever on bb messenger 
@antheia : i wasn't near a comp dear. 
@alexxandrajonas joe said on larry king live that nick and miley are back together  this angers mee! go to perez and youll see it,
I'm looking forward to going to my cousins, sams the sh!t...haha ilove her. I miss astoria this place isn't the same with out her 
@ElizaPatricia really hanging 2 c dhouse! have 2 wait 4 amazon cos dont get it on tv in oz 
watchin scream 3!love this movie!its finna go off tho. 
is about to get on this hair....i sholl dont feel like gettin up bright and early to be at macy*s by 7:45, pray for me! 
wont let meh upload a picturee ,  blah imma write then go to bed, (:
@ddlovato im watching princess protection program &amp; everyone is being so mean to u  its making me sad. u look pretty covered in yogurt! &lt;3
paul, @abbyjeanne and i all have purple-ish teeth from wine  we are going to try and find an ocean. apparently its only 4 aves away...
@jason_mesnick rumors are circulating that you and molly are breaking up?!?! is that true??? you two are perfect together!!! 
At the el month listening to someone. Apparently she used to play with courtney love. I have kleenex in my ears cause I forgot the plugs 
@lilmissdainty oh and I'm also going to finish this piano piece before I forget.  I also bott that artbook but havnt start sketching yet 
@tear96  no plz don't fight....
@aisforamylynn you're a badass for having a backstreet boys singalong, wish i could be there  next year we go world traveling together ok?
@lil_debbycakes no she wanted to stay in the hot tub she liked that more thn the pool   . did u decide what u guys r doin sunday??
@skycherish tho the link dosent show..u can still see my location!! A loose, loose situation 
@jaimeeashley maybe your sis can help him out. it's not only a bad cut it's a bad color. poor guy  it's probs cos he has no p0rnz or candy
@freshchar awwww little buukies  you need to come chillax wid the fam. I'm good, forever trying to finish  never-ending-on going 2 do list
putting ice on my lip  watching jimmy fallon, then sleepin forrealz
omg ballet was amazing too bad julia fell down the stairs and broke her leg, so funny though!! god i am so over homework 
@MsSabrinABaby idk she jus txt msg me n told me 
i have no money! i want to watch smackdown and ecw live in manila! in araneta! my fave wrestler's are gonna be there! like jeff hardy! 
whoa! got the 3.0 update, just when i knew my phone well enuf 2 wk w/one eye open, its like having a new one again! still no mms w/o pw 
@tweetieelovee haha no its just a pain n th bum to start my laptop  lol im thinkin of gettin the ipod touch for wifi lol
I'm pretty sad.. Its raining, my gerry pooh fell asleep on me &amp; doesn't even know I left annnnnd @missday doesn't love me anymore! 
@theycallmeH you've gotta be kidding me. i'm about to grab a brewski and watch the storm roll in too! why are you so far away?! 
@praisedapoj @josh_perez  I don't get page 8, part A,number 2 and 5. 
no verizon service in bath  how much do i hate living where our tower is in the sheeeeeep field  ..... oh baaaaaaath....
I'm so tired &amp; frustrated w/sum of da things in my life &amp; I wonder sometimes is it even worth it... Is it worth da hassle anymore.. idk! 
@h_cap nopeeeee probably till sometime in july idk when thoughh!  i just have to be super goood!
us govt secrets - obama's non-transparency - eff drop charges   -national security excuse - http://www.eff.org/press/archives/2009/06/17
Haha shiet, I need someone to talk to on the fone tonite  haha!
I am so bored that I started following miley cyrus and replyed to her  ..not that there's anything wrong with her but still .....
Not fare....u still have something wit melo ...though it may not b alot.u still communicate..!!! We dont  ......no justin bobby at all
@ram8727 No, gold leaf stickers were a promo from the incase ppl. I got a few of them, can't get any more 
@selphiebooyaka no.  it's blink/weezer. idk if fob will be there hmm
@joymeetsworld  aw   they always lose oomph with age, ive noticed. (the bras, that is haha!) thats the down side.
ugh girls r an odd thing very hard 2 know wat they thinkin....had a little &quot;fight&quot; wit my gf 
@texasmommy77 i am so sorry.  how long u been at er? how much longer?
I'm abt to roll this stupid fruity loud pak up and smoke 1 2 da face!  in the crib dolo 2nite...to sick to go out. http://mypict.me/4B0s
Awww so many caring ppl here,thx girls *hugs* she's pretty much same as yesty, good when on nurofen, bad/fever/spewy/zonked when not 
...hate having a brokenheart...it's the worse! I wish my sidney would come bak to me. 
on the way to the er with my pers @BGodwin22 and @ShayMo28 feel better pers 
found the fatal flaw in stealing internet wi fi=the person moves away while ur out 
Thinking of getting up soon. cnt zzz anymore  almost did actually but an fb msg woke me up. shld always use &quot;phone only&quot; mode when zzz'ing
@CalebFTSK hi caleb, australia well sydney is raining and cold. i make no sense  my head hurts. hope all is well!
nevermind, no ben button tonight  i'm wayyy too tired.
just got home! n im bearly able to charge my phone  i think im guna hit the sack
Just got home after driving around, hmm today was alright, tho he doesnt like acting mad, tis sucks 
tummy ache!  roadies and frapacchino dont mix, i have learned my lesson!!
Tired...grumpy.....ahh its gona be a fun saturday at asda(!!)  Why do i never go 2 bed early??
i swear tweetdeck makes my youtube choppy?  this comp has plenty of virtual mem and whatnot too, so it makes no sense.
@ervynj your soo mean 2 meeeee *76%$#@%$#@  stop
cant sleep  thinking about everything and needs a taylor swift song&lt;3
@sandriver88 yap. lol hahahah. i really wanna watch sherlock holmes, iron man 2, public enterprise. hiks 
jessica (@SEOaudiore) should help me spread the word about #hasbeencalled - so far nobody wants a hug 
@Edwardddddd thx for cheating on me.  if you arnt even going to be my edward, at least change the name.
@0mGiiTzRee LOL what would we do without shopping and bingo lmao ...so does that mean no bingo 
put the pics on bebo  got nothin to do mum wont let me go to steph's *hmph* talking to jac on msn yay! lol
im sick of the rain.. I hope it will stop soon..!! For some strange reason i really feel like shopping but have nobody to go with..!!  xxx
#JustsoUknow @Arsiney is giving me the daddy talk over text.  smh.. i cant do nothing witout being under a micro!!
yup civil war in iran. and if they say &quot;death to...well prety much every non muslim.&quot; yeah... not good, not good  who are the warbackers?
@mrapperson hmm i cant go to dland on the 8th thats when me and my family go to the beach.   but maybeeeee idk
@amypaffrath : Its so sad when I start looking around the room because I hear your voice, but realize its only on tv!   Girls lunch asap!
@VikkiS dont worry. only 1 person ruined it for me. What was up with her? my mam was worried bout her when u were outside cz she was  DMme
my phone iz dead! i didnt have time to get my contacs n shyt! i wuz goin to da club tonite  fuk mayn daz y always keep yo charger wit u!!!
You might hate me for saying this, but I miss chris brown songs  my ihome played a couple of them and I miss them!
 sooo tired but i havent been getting sleep at all lately &gt; mom wont let me take sleeping pills cuz i might get &quot;addicted&quot; uuuuuuuugh
@Sixfiggazkid I liked the old version better. This one skips the updates that happen when ur usin ur phone 
@missescarrillo yea puppy moo is 1 now and I swear all of a sudden acting craaazy chewing up stuff?? Awww poor ginger all emotional 
I can't get into the conan tonite show thing I miss jay!!..  jay is sooo real
Watching a walk to remember w/val-just bawled my eyes out the part where jamie tells him always gets me  all valerie did was laugh at me .
still got a bloody headache   ... might go lie on the lounge and watch a movie, cya xoxo
what happened to where we argued who signs off first? where you were my gay bf? i fucking miss you.. i miss you so much vincent romo  &lt;|3
karen is a meanie pass it on! missin her texts 
Now I want some imo's pizza.. but we can't find one open  again
My poor grandpa, i can't believe he dropped a tv on his foot  i'm gonna sit up with him tonight
@YeomanOsler we decided to stay at a hotel but idk if you are awake this late 
@blanketyash 4ish. i probably wont be home till then :/ idk. i still have so much to do its ridiculos 
so chris party is today.  cnt go. waitng for dam bf. i think he lagged on me love.  wish i was w/ you and joe. i miss you! so now im hm.
@iamdesmond So jealous  ur goinggg, n maybe for the afterparty too grr. Its hot out there better gear urslf wt a cap.
@LokoBoy_ can u pls play some soulja boy? @djkelz won't play turn my swag on for me 
mm man i fell asleep. ahha now im awake &amp; its raining || lighting || thundering &amp; im scared   watching a movie&amp; tryin to get bak to sleep!
crap... wht the hell... this website has a prob  i decamp, depart, retreat and retire...
spet 2 hours on amazon.com looking for things i cant afford. booo  lmao
@CarrieChute noo the me and sam being copycats. i can't scroll that far down on tweetdeck  :L
@djhavanabrown heyy havana yeah its so cold   but im in a warm house  melbourne rocks!!!
1 second black-out...gawd that was scary...my dvd player doesn't have a remote 
@BeckyBuckwild OMGGGG  @angelahvedi kicked me out of ur live cause i said everyone is a whore 
just like to mention the drive took me 3hours! Then had to take the bf to work at 730 tis morning 
Just realised that there's pom project to do hahahahahahaha boo 
made it to day 2 with 12k, avg 24k. 107 ppl remaining, 45 money. Some german dude pulled a way sick bluff on me tho 
@sara3isenough crazy! I'll miss you wherever you go tho 
@murdamex hahah! sooo true  i wouldve came over but u didnt look like u wanted to be bothered lol! u were by the dj booth
and a side note: heartburn is burning the sh*T out of me tonight 
Wish i had clapper lights...i dont wanna get up to turn the light off  http://tinyurl.com/kn4ktq
playin wii at @b0nika house... ohh n my arm is sore from the tennis 
Jes got home from the bar the tab omg dnt get me started tonight was insane and i didnt have my fone i missed the coffee buddys call  aww!
@MSWindows it is a pitty that it is U.S. only program 
@isacullen dear nat. i love you. your rude 
@Stephanya yeah. i literally cant speak a word without bursting into a coughing fit haha. but ima kill her on monday 
bored to death. 'boom boom pow' is stuck on my head &amp; there's nothing good on tv  god. save me.
@toresto Benderrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, uve become untwitted already 
its quite depressing, tbh. 
keep hearin strange noises cumin frm downstairs, when theres no1 else in  scarey!
@EllaCinderella ur outfit frm lst nite was so cute. love the dress, sorry 2 hear about ur friend it sucks. hppend to 1 of mine on my bday 
@V4L3R1E19 i know how you feel... it can be a lil frustrating but i just don't have a choice. 
She is way sleeping and left me awake, oh my michelle  http://plurk.com/p/12eg54
@primaveron am in same dilemma job, mba or sth. on my own....nd am confused like hell 
just found out, don't know id it's true but jessica mauboy also support for beyonce's tour?? all tix are sold out 
@realmadrid_rock damn..had heard abt dat to..slipped my mind 
@KiaJD I was about to say something about ur attempt to go in on the bx but sadly there's a rooster a block over from me 
holidays have been super boring -.- i haven't een started doing my hw. REBELLION!!! and i wanna go watch the american idols tour 
@ThisIsRobThomas awe crap I missed u in Chitow  I love u man! Just bn dealing w life. Lkd 4the new cd cant find it  it's dropped right?
Shoutout to my girlies who hang in their room too... rain sucks on saturdays 
@fuzzy_mc that cycorder is not there cant find it 
Just got bak frm flute lesson it woz kinda borin  x
@e_liz_abeth_ann congrats! what does freedom feel like?  
I need to get some new clothes and get a tat, but I want this iphone soo freaking bad  damn you god for making me poor
sonny and cher(blaynes bunnies) are both gone... 
i think fete de la musique is not much exciting anymore. hmm... i wonder why, must be my lens, cant zoom in 
@raeptar I would probably be disappointed tbf 
ferrari on soft  know they are in trouble  come on kimi!
@waynealgoafm damn I miss u too  when u coming!! Or why don't we meet in Durbs one wend?
hi everyone just got in my house its freezing outside  goin pics 2nyte cnt wait!!!
my brother, and my psyco ex are hangin out...hope my bro will b ok 
@TheNewBradie ohhhh ive had sadder days  the best ady everr was 16.5.09 tho &lt;3
omg, ive been looking at the tickets for taylor and ive found the best ones so far, shame i cant buy therm now 
@orlaaaaa91 got sick twice already this mrning so not the best!! tnks 4 looking after me last nite i was a mess!! so bad bout ur camera 
@LuvNless35 I'm mad @ u. Calld u twice, I was outside ur apt::pause:: wantd waffle house. 
talking to andrea on msn who tells me about the great weather in como/italy while i'm freezing up my ass. 
my 1st coach cant live with me anymore..i think she was made from swine suede 
@coxys_opinions both! you weren't very warm tho  it's blitz is one of our favourite records of 09
@DaniiLovesDiana  me nethier it sucks.. or mollie or u dammit. aww noo fair can i sneak in with you hehe  ill be quiet and then pop up
i cried not cuz i'm stupid. cuz the face of kevin. he rem9inds me of someone. boohoohoo  lets say that i kindof miss him these days.
boooooooooooooooored!  what to do, what to do.....hmmmm?! Any suggestions?
Is at camp missing derby with an ehh haircut. Disappontment 
@abigailhalliday cant friggin make it!  ive got tickets for brand new in manchester
@chloefletch23 omg i slept through the second half of the tranny programme i knooow and oh believe channel 4 dont show it on catch up 
hates this game, they play with his life  his truck got hit this mornin..ied..hes ok, but i worry so much
missing my hubby ...hes working a late shift today...hate sats on my tod 
@jacosaurous oh my goodness im sorry we broke your bed! ill come help fix it  the holiday? jack black is the hottie in that! love youuu xx
why wont my flue disappear? 
@DerrenLitten I started getting hayfever at 24 yrs old, thought you were born with it how wrong was I 
Dance show 2nite, last 1 wif the whole group 2gether as ppl r goin away 4 uni soon! 
so upset... they kicked peyton and lucas off one tree hill.. mik call me. 
Getting on the bus  pray that i don't fall out bcuz its boiling out here and there's no breeze whatsoever...
@mlexrodriguez.     i said some wild out shit last nite. I texted this one girl to &quot;kiss me through the phone&quot;
freedon is sweet....tryna enjoy it while i can whoop whopp...apple sour shots are lovellllyyyy...but ma stomach feels abit weird now 
@hollywilli bless your heart  .. my hands are a lil better this morning, but legs and back are sore from mowing  did jon live thru nite?
 everyones going on holiday and im left on my loansome for like the 5 year in a row :'( tis crap to be soo skint stuck in shitty scotland
chillaxin wit my baby bro maxwell... n my bootiful dog pepito. crap nite 2 cold 2 do anything 
on the road agen... missin chin,mum &amp; pops soooo much 
We havin' a slumber party yo. Most of everyones sleeping.... so lonely   I'm in new jersey!
@im in the living room watching tv  sorrrrry and I havnt got enough batterie to go on msn, ill be on in like 1 hour or 2?
just putting some new songs on my ipod, im extremly bored at this moment and i have nothing to do right now 
h1n1 treatment...dayum 
not possible now  so close though, two good tries for tom croft
wow! folks going crazy over birthday bash tonight *smh* not impressed with the phillips at all 
hmmm lions lost   played sound africa
Yesterdays prom was awesome dd even lost her blackberry  but i had fun even if my crush wasn't there still awesome
watching TV , i want my friends, but they are on vocation  i want go to shopping with mandy, demi let's go to the shopping ? whoo ho *oo*
@scott_nicholson Not to worry...I'm not that kind of girl...just want my button back 
@jillian79 I'm sooo outta touch w wraps cos I've noone 2wrap lol  anyway why don't u like zaras?jst curious cos I alwys thot they look gd
@lisa_wicky he was hit by a taxi cause he was running away from fans.  hes okies tho i think
@ hpapi i dnt knw wat a temple fade is   (He(&lt;)ArT)
It's over  I'm gunna miss some ppl going to knolls 
I will always love you &lt;3 never say goodbye coz u were the strongest part of my life. today I want u in my arms I cry coz ur not here 
bro left for stanford.... and am screwing with this good for nothing project 
in tests?  4. r u  really getting married 2 dane? 4. that pic of u, is it really u?! type in blonde emos on google! 
i had no idea how much bravo tv i watched unitl it was rudely taken away from me 
Does anyone know if i could get an iphone even though i have verison? i really want one but my dad doesnt want me to switch 
Washing machine is raher noisey driving me nuts! I also dont want it to stop coz then ill have to get the washing out 
@Jesstjit iyaaa panjang ceritanya jess. He changed a lot, I want the old frans, jess 
@jrmohammed awh mannn  . keep ur head up, homie... you are STiLL a champion -- believe that!
dinner was gr8..nw wnt to multi-game bt no bro..  so gnna cntinue wth surfin n dwnldin apps..
i wanna read a destenee's story on youtube while eating popcorn ! cause i cant read more from miley's book today! i'm almost finished 
@BoltClock why no more?  i love the chat bubbles cos theyre done so nicely!
@lisa_wicky doesnt it just eh  i havent a clue what its about either which makes it BETTER!? loool. ooooh! have fun ;) how was the exam?
@mandy1321 I don't really want to go though, it's a matter of having to. 
I think I caught my mom's flu, kepala sudah agak pening gak jelas gini  hmmm I think its time to take the vitamine
just not long bk fae the shows the Extream was quality likes whos not tryed it the go try it but shit hing is iam bbysittin 
can't believe her very own kc gibson leaves for univ in 26 days!  fack.  || goodnight twitttttwitter
@edwardhau juz worry i get H1N1.. 
Lol just at home watching tv bored  dont tan to much now is bad freckles...n spots
can't believe what happened just a street away from sams, shocked and saddened to be honest :/ 
it's saturday and i aint got shit to do, nap-age? veggie fest plans fell thru 
i'ma crash early, god i'm so sOOo tired! not used to having a saturday class.  goodnight!
I'm sat chillin watching dvd's. going to a bbq in a bit - crap weather tho!!! 
@ree_i I'm off to find me a party dress.  Of course, cuz I'm looking I prolly won't find one.... 
@lightsresolve feel better matt  xo
This dude just pissed me off... smh.. can't even start my saturday on the right foot.. not gonna let one monkey stop my show 
the hairdresser didn't have the right dye despite asking beforehand  so atm it's cut and bleached - getting the colour on wednesday
@Tuckaa mm iv learnt my speech and writing but havnt got round to the rest  have you?
@nathan_a_allen I quit with the bald jokes...where's my golf invite? 
guess im not going to the mermaid parade.... its rainy 
@L_A_LuvErGyrL sup fool...no wendover for us 2nite 
@chrys73 i know babe&amp;i thank2the gods4u all cus i really need u in this moments but i know u cant do much4me  but u listen me&amp;im thankful!
@jeffleach  jeff, I look so smart as well! You would be proud, would match your tie!
@ItayshaPhoto ur shooting carmen.... thats model number 2 that i want... that you've gotten to shoot  i want her more than jasmine 
@erika50 we got off at some exit and idk. I told her 2 go straight and its empty here  im scared!
ahhhhhhhhh basically shoot me! i feel like crap  well off to work, todays gonna be a loooooooong fucken day
Wishes I was at the puerto rican day parade gettin a boo, and not at this hospital 
@VodkaChik Haha cool, nahh staying in looking after the cat :| wh00p wh00p haha  You out or upto anything? x
damnit i 4got my pin number 
I gotta get back outside  man do I need an mp3 player for the barn stereo. I think the horses need to jam out. Later tweeps.
Just waking up to this nasty ass nyc weather  working @crashmansion  tonight...wite party @pacha later for jp ;)
@brittnicarter gurl yesss! I got a silver car with leather seats and its torture to get n there n mid day! No ur agony!  lol
had an amazin nite,, feellin crap now,, i f***in cant stand me bro sometimes 
I wish i was in toronto right now  with all the cool echelon peoples
@thet1m must be my shitty cellphone 
@jonaskevin . can u set me up with ur brothers? couldov been a four way relationship but ur too old  haha xxxx
@emilyymichelle your face! haha jk. i made alot of mac and cheese but i got really full really fast and couldnt eat it all 
well everyone messaged me at the last secound so i'll be on mtspace.  dam i haven't ate cause theres no food.  ima starve myself..
@maharis LOL! It's lao shu (mandarin) or lou shue (canto). I shall sleep then [ maybe roll around for 1 hour coz you're not here  ]
ok now I'm mad cuz I can't get &quot;walk slow&quot; by @c_hen!  I wanted 2 hear &quot; I keep a line of hoes&quot; when my phone rang! aw hell lol! 
@rocuronium does cleaning not count as training?  I haven't been able to shake this flippin cold and haven't trained since wednesday 
at this skatepark in a mall in georgia. this is lame 
@Hezzington haha aww  get blinds! or w/e! &amp;lol rebecca is like right beside my work takin pics for grad &amp; she didnt even say hi.so over it
try to get friendship with around the world. btw my english speak not so good. 
2 more days= FREEEEDOMMM (yes im still imprisone din my room studying biology   ...dont 4gt me everyone)
cant go to dance practice tmrw cuz i twisted my ankle 
partyin alllll dayyyyyyyy...so much goin on, rest in peace mr. hammond 
@lilyroseallen it isnt you in your vid - those arnt your hands 
def woke up cravin some waffle shop/house whateva...but had no one to go wit bcuz everyone is freakin sleepin 
FUCKING SHIT. i burnt a hole in my brand new shorts last night with a cigarette, i was too drunk to even notice, UGH! 
bleh. long morning at work and now i'm off to work out and mow  i just want to be with tom. fml.
mayne laredo is hot!!!!  gotta support my brother he alwayz supports me...
@lindleyb its not showing the mcfly pic for ur background!!  i'll change it later...but i gotta go run errands with my mom...sorry!
@Lainyluv i suppose thats true. I saw a gorge pair of lilac skinnys but they wouldnt fit! 
omg im so excited about tonight i get to see jonas brothers concerts 2 nights in a row. i cant believe i saw kevin and danielle 
@howeezy hmmm got my back, huh. wheres the love, wheres the support 
@rebecca_pointe yes i did! you werent in this chapter though  but definitely the next one! ...waffle house....lol go read it though!!
@MeganClay  I'll prob be gone by then    guess youll be making another european trip huh?
@pollyjean_s aww no  everyone seems a little down at the mo, hope things get kewl soon! i'm okay ta, just having some passport issues! x
still wishing i could of gone to montreal last night to see the friday part of virgin music fest  thats a bummer keep rockin hedley!!
aww, out of nowhere i miss the olympics!! i miss gymnastics and phelps and FFAO and divingggg!!  come back to meee~
dang, let my sister use my car, she brought it back broke down.. thght this shit only happened in tha movies.. 
home alone wit da girls!!! sucks 
@mileycyrus gotta say, love the beatles wallpaper, is it lame i can't look at john without welling up a bit in the eyes? 
love listening to katy perry's music. ah i feeel like imma get sick 
@JessMcFlyxxx awwh, poor you!!  my little brothers have a cough. they better stay away from em!! lol. xxx
@Schofe I'm in blackpool and there's no fish and chips in sight 
@oaxana12 he had his hay way down low and he was just chillin with the guys! no jessica simpson in tow 
that is a great role and i would audition again for it if thats the case  it sucks when ur friend want the same role 
@centac noooooo  why is the world blocking our attempts to watch nando and rafa being cute and win together? ;_;
@graauto33  Y would i want 2 see u having sex with ur boyfriend?
what the hell microsoft word!! i made the bg green for a reason, why didn't you print out 
@Boltonwanderer lol randolm, but im likin it! i prefer the strawberry pencils with white stuff in middle tho! home alone again  bored
@niK_ily im sorry boo! i cant w8 2 c a doc bout my heart...we take our health 4 grantd til wer not well  hopin my lil mini twinnie feels
It erks me how JonandKate never talk in the epidisodes and dont have da same chair anymore!  they might be splitting for a while i heard
going to hurricane harbor with annie and stacy, my head hurts 
i hate hangovers!!! i still feel ill  xo
@fuzzy_mc balls that means i cant get it 
@erika_g kim's living with us now. and will be for 3 months since the dorms kick everyone out. its hell. she's being a lil unrational 
@harlem11f ..    then u could at least send ur loser writer co-worker some pictures.
@couver87 how come that everytime I'm online you are not and vice versa??? 
@officialTila wow tila nice flyer sry but i live in german 
@McGeek_ YES! i just saw the mcfly in the wierd writing they always have it.. i didnt get chance to read it though 
i think im hungry.. i shalll make toast and watch big brother.. im all tired out frm town to dayy.. 
yo!! first full day of summer!!!!! finally. missin every1 tho. so sad  wish i was in ny...
@bree_bear omg thats soo sad  wow i feel so bad for all of them i realy hope the election changes things
@cimota oops - booked and brought to #britney under false information - you should have phoned the hotel to check for sure before going 
@ashley_eastwest *cries* you're not makin me feel better  I want him   atleast ben replies to u but what do I get?a big fat nothing 
would like to stay up and watch mamma mia but going to bed as @stevereynolds is up at 6am for grand prix no lay in for me 
just got back from da gym! woo! wat a workout. my ass already feels tighter! but the scale says different still  mental discipline!
@Hicks_UTS thats what i was trying to do..and it wont work.  donnie darko is the shit! love it. the second one is out this year! lol. xx
on our way to the hotel. kemah was fun! wish i was at the jonas concert  BUT d holl is pitching tonight!!
@angieb222 ahhh man ..i was looking 4wd 2 tht tomorrow n hangin out w u guys 
month god dammit anyway ah c'est la vie i guess it will just have to wait until i cn afford it again  if ever...
stuck on comander radec on killzone2 
Watching russell brand live before I sort out my taxi to work ughh  sadtimes. Although brand is a legend.
wers my boyfriend and his cape and goggle  o ya recording sigh he owes me better come with a slushee when hes done
@iSUCK hahaha, i had a fish once, i came home froms chool and it was dead - i swear my mum killed it and ate it 
@verbz ooooh garage sale... *drool* I'm so jealous ryt now. I'd go if I wasn't @ work  get me suh'n coo' lol jk =P
everyone is going to the santa monica pier... ahh i wish i can just go there right now 
@mule0331  that's harsh ill take a ticket instead :p jk jk
@bbysoso lmfaooo yes i need vodka ma g mama house dont have no booze 
@laurawrsaurus yeah... in the 1st, i thought the ending was forced,... turns out all the books miss out on fights/deaths/love scenes etc 
rainin like crazy  but still bout 2 dip 2 dis party
@MonicaAyesha ahaa ;D not that i know of! i rly need to find somone to go manc with 
leavin monday be gone for a while, suck imma be thhe only one to miss the family get together  but thnk god ill have my cell
oh, not going for a run with ben anymore tomorrow. he's got gym  i was looking forward to that aswell.
the needle's in the clouds...now it looks like a spacey street lamp...or a wierd lollipop...im hungry 
On a diff note....talk about ecxess! 12 ppl ordered: appetizers for 15 and a manin course for 20. I might need to take my belt off 
walking home, good wee night, jayde is amazing, even tho i annoyed her  pretty happy tho, shes awesome man (L)!
@dream_mandy ohhh!! 
@gemma_thomas  consequences of the condition i was born with   and hows ya fine self? i see you re recovering quite well......?
@nycgirl2388 cool! saw her in manchester&amp;was tres disappointed,crowd weren't behind her though,wish i was der tnit cudnt get babysitter 
Oh man I really wanted to love Transformers 2 but I gotta say, I'm a bit dissapointed 
@Infamous_LadiiT no wawa in nyc. I'm so sorry to hear that  (sarcastic sad face)
farewell tevez  manutd now has major rebuilding to do (as if they didn't after ronaldo left)!
oh dear some1 is in a huff coz I accidently dropped his brand new just-out-the-box cam-corder. i really didn't mean it tho. I'm a clutz 
oh my...i caught my puppy humping a teddy bear!!  hes too young for this...hes only 3 months
@texasnate oooh, someone's in fowl form eh? 
summer '09 hasn't been very summer-y so far. you'd think i was in forks, wa instead of southern freakin california. boo on you clouds!! 
@stardustdelilah yep it's raining so unless it stops, no fireworks 
@stacey79 yep twice and no response 
@ddlovato demi never reply 2 me ethier  but u still rock, hope ur voice gets better !
@mandystevens damn . mhh there are some concerts here in germany but not around my place ( so prob. no  but i'd really love to
@ddlovato yure lip syncing tmrw?! For myy showw 
So wont be able to sleep tonight   and theres no one online! *sobs*
ur friends moves and they get in to trouble and u hate wat they did so u loss them  that happend to me why _____ did u do that shit .
cant stop thinking about my ipod. ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh             r.i.p. giraffes rock      i sure hope this rice helps!!!!
@ramamamma No childrens mueseum no  We have dvds coming out our ears lol blerk pizza lol hmm any more ideas? am at a loss
is workin 2moz god i love my jon in a prison with all those naughty boys up at 6oclock tho  wish me luck hehe
is bored@a club! :s yikes not a gud sign... i shd only go clubbing wiv my close friends 
@0summerbreeze0 omg crazy! if ur blowing away, id def blow away the second i stepped outside! i remember last summer was scorching hottt 
@diarmid_ same going soon was up till 2.30  had to wait in a que for the train for 45 mins then taxi que for ages :|
@08erica09 ericas leavn me   guna b da worst moment of my life and miley cyrus is jesus dat is true
Just landed in sf... Feels weird to be back... This vacation went by to fast  I already miss the oc :/
headed to borders for magazines, books and coffee...this is what passes for a intresting saturday night for a one legged gimp 
@kallmebubbles whats up w/the butterfly comments?  i'm lost   &amp; the wine?  yeah, at my bro's...he's a neatfreak..hadda clean it up fast!
tap water is oh so icky..  &gt;&gt; playing my wii :B
i jus wana leave everythin behind for a couple of months  god i'm so down right now
At sisters now sigh I miss my pc or heck just the internet 
not in such a qood mood....fck tha movies || im stayinq in 2nite 
so tired  this iced coffee is so good tho...its like crack! lol
@tommcfly ok, you're not reading this.. i think i goona clean my room. i was searching for the dvd live at wembley 'cause my mom hid it 
@tommcfly ok, you're not reading this.. i think i gonna clean my room. i was searching for the dvd live at wembley 'cause my mom hid it! 
@spanisharmada oh man that is hilarious. hopefully i can find a way to see tsa in october with you guys even if deeves will be gone 
i just dropped my ice pop on my shirt  lmfao
1:06 need some sleep and I'm so tierd but I wanna drink alot and chill watching tv whilst ok the computer Lol. my arms ake so much 
its way to cold here in santa cruz 
whiny and wishing i was in lawrence and not stuck in overland park.  this is torture
So looked at the new jonas cd and kevin's face was covered by the price sticker felt really bad 
I got the papa roach cd I was missing! But I couldn't find theory of a deadman 
Year One is a terrible movie. (via @jeffrey) that sucks  i was hoping itd be funny
@gpgirl ha! i knew it...size matter!     o.o
End of an era. @kipperisrad last ever trivia.  Lots of ppl out 2pay respect. @saigon_sd @_dictionarygirl @edwinreal @edgartronic @andrewwp
fucking shit scared in this caravan.  keep thinking i see things.  and i have the big light on aswell. 
@kim_webster o.0  *decides not to watch the news for anything but the tornadic t-storms again*  *whimper*  
@katherinemarsh yea if you find her.. throw her my way.. shes mine 
cant find a spell rotation for a 18/53/0 mage build.. 
yummy sushi place with the best. bummed to be leaving tomorrow  flying outta jfk is a bitch
What up tweeple! So what are y'all up to tonight? I'm bored, talk to me...I have no one to talk to...  *childhood deja vu*
bri practically made me help stalk him after the show.. i didnt even say goodbye to everyone  *tear* lol ~dd
jus got home 4rm dis hot ass baby shower i almost pasted out 
@lo_fox i miss london  screw that, i just miss mu boys  lol animal gig if i must say so muself ;)
you know you've eaten too much when u cant sit up straight in ur chair... 
sum ppl r retartded retards who fall out way u ova nuffin 
sum ppl r retartded retards who fall out way u ova nuffin   that gets me dwn 
@alabama_tofu wish i was by the sea side and away from my crap hole life 
@mileycyrus We misS your show with mandy  plz make a new one whenever you can do that  You're the best
hav 2 clean mii room     This may take a whileXD lol
@therealGlambert uhh i cant get you 2 notice me adam;;  and i try and i try and i try and i try;;;i cant get no
as usual mr softee is as user friendly and usefull as a roll of wet toilet paper.  astonishingly stupid  grrrrr
@Jonasbrothers i wish i could be there (( i wanted to come to the houston show but the tickets are gone!  love you guys anyways
omg i was gonna go to britney concert in sydney but sepnt that money cause of planes cost and stuff and now shes comming to brisbane 
@ericaeeks cool I will check out ur vids when I get home...I can't get them on my phone for some reason 
@HannahBeeeee I know I do  I went too the mall, it was hella ghetto y0 !! In richmond :0
@monique4ever is cominggggggg . gotta clean my room  brb
thinks that liz still didnt buy the ticket 
@nickmongar yeah I just looked at the movie website, and it listed all the states it was playing in and iowa was not one of them.  
love story...meant for me and joe jonas...too bad it hasnt happened yet.....  
My arms hurt  when trying to move em its like the nerves are pinched . . . cant lift my arms  didnt even work em out or nothin&gt;&gt;&gt; weird
Heartbreaking lose by the phils tonight 
@maggie_and_bee thats crap, you have wanted that bed for ages 
@_annee omg, i know the song and like, 3 moves from the dance. it's awesome. haha, the dance thing was on dc last night and i missed it! 
super smash bros. brawl time!!! ...oh snap! the wii remote batteries are dead 
U went 2 the harbor n didnt tell me hoe!?! @phils550 ..... Tht is jus wrong dnt tlk 2 4 like 5 seconds 
Chat chat chat dem a chat too much - taxi drivers 
@eyycaiiit for a minute i thought one of your @ replies was to garnett lee of 1up.com .... i am a nerd 
won't be able to go to annika's wedding  hv to get some proper rest today :| @toby279,  tlg bilangin yaaa, maaf banget 
@skerk is a bitch. And I had to change my monroe cause it was cutting up my gums!  The black is my fave anyway tho.
nott feelingg too well 
Out the door.feels funny wen I don't wear my michele watch 
@ssoun126 lol oops my bad. maybe i think weed is so west coast tks 2 @snoopdogg ha! but trust me white caslte taste nasty 
just got back from cindy's mothers who lost children candle lighting tried to fight back tears, but couldnt! i miss christain! 
What do u do when some1 hurts u sooo bad that u don't want 2 live ure heart says stay ure mind says go and ure body is stuck   dk wt2d
dear santa, all i want for christmas is him  &lt;---- off google haha the names scooter... apparently!
@calliechaoticc: yeh he texted me :\ i hope he changes his mind 
Ahhh left ma phone at Aunts store finna be phoneless till 2morrow 
I miss my kitty  i wish she was near-er  agh..... If only she knew how sorry i was for my past actions, theres no way she wil forgive me
alright I woo sah for a minute no more twitter beefin..I think I need a drink and sum xxx(damn im a virgin still)  lol
i got vodka and red bull when i asked for sprite.. i dont like red bull  ps, i really hope @jillianjigggs comes, i miss her
Missed the sex boat  I am soOo irritated rite now, I just want 2 f*ck!!!
@THEflyGIRL dang!  they made my lil birthday sex look like ish! wit all the obama visuals and black love and evrythng   lmao
still so very jealous  and super sad! they better come to aus before dec14th or i'll die.  awwww! why couldn't i have lived in america?
@LadyOfDnB hi love. no  it's my bff's graduation today &amp; robbie is out of town... so i'm layin low. i love la tho?
wow, that was really fucked up. I don't even know what to say right now. I'm freaking out aand I can't even talk/type. hahaha. great 
@angelcakez23 awwww bay u tired already  stick it out bay ull be ok....u my princess sooooo i got faith in you
I need round 3 from tj. He won the first two  pay back is a beast!
Theres a spider in my room...idk where it went. But now i cant sleep knowing its there 
Watching tv bored as all get out missing mt bestfriend @amcrocker 
@JBxTurnRight2Me miley and nick together again?! r u serious. is this confirmed?! i dont want it to happen lol 
High school musical on right now!!! ....  too bad i dont have disney channel fuckers
@kseniasara my ex wife was f'd in the head, tho thats not a comparison. I hope a way to help her presents itself. It sounds tough 
decided to stay in tonight cuz i think i'm getting sick - blah. super bummed though cuz imma miss out on jenny's graduation celebration. 
im making a speech about cleanliness for my brother! *sigh* cant seem to think of anything to write 
these holidays deff watching one tree hill...havent in sooo long! 
@Nickjjs1stLady1 yeah. nick kissed miley on the cheek, my friend told me. and she had floor seats so she could see 
@littlemaddox work has kept me busy but its super fun, aw I miss u too! I haven't even gotten a txt  are u breakin up wit ur tx nig lol
@sweetpea1007 ohh nooo your bullying me again  lmfaoo yes ii love everyone including ugly ppl lol
@mokemorgan yeah ive got the wall on lp, along with animals, and meddle. my parents saw them in concert  so i was kinda born into it aha
@jerseybomb juxx got bakk from jamaica it was fun next tiime come wiith me lo jessy really thinks nobdoy goin 
@JulietWeybret srry bout ur fav guitar pick 
 blah, my legs still hurt.. stupid steven. XD
http://twitpic.com/7z9eh - I'm also docked off the honor roll because of the N... 
says aaaaw  karma majorly dropped since my last visit. darn it. http://plurk.com/p/12ks1q
My mom wont let me go to the britney concert  cuz i start csub the next day....
man I quit twittering wit u! u dont respect the rules of engagement! so goodnight!!! 
-so the jonas brothers are the new bee gees?! omg i totally thought there would be more white pants involved 
@flawda_gurl09 ugghhhh nevermind...long story, i'm so sensitive, teach me how to toughen up 
@AlexAllTimeLow could u go back on but tell peeps to chill w. comments? i just got grounded for bein on the comp. at 12:48 am. 
my tummy hurts  listening to &quot;the introduction of marcus cooper&quot; album 'til I fall asleep. goodnight&lt;3
hey does any1 know were nikki reed has dissapeared to  i miss her lol
its so hot and i cant get comfortable or fall asleep. booo.  watching nightmare before christmas...
why can't joe and taylor be friends like miley and nick? cause last time i checked, miley talked about the relationship too... 
beth just invited me to meet her at some club...still can't motivate...darn it 
@BabyPatches tellz ur mom dat video no playing fur me  iz uzing ie7
@Dougiebaseball ps. I cannot imagine the pain u guys go thru 
@genesisjonass ohh okay  nvm then ill sell my honor society tix!
@iamjonathancook all these free shows are makin me wish I lived in cali  ha
@DJJSTAR whoa that sucks. that happens to me with my bus after midnite. smh 
@sfgiantsgirl I WISH HE WAS.. trade sanchez for wilson LOL ;D yeah, him coming into the game is a good and bad sign 
@sparklingshoes ROFL! ill look like a weirdo n ppl will laugh at me when they find out  ahaha
I just saw a shooting star! woot woot!!! haha too bad I was sooo amazed that I forgot to make a wish  lol
Tryi to send a twit pic of me and jeezy but my blackberry dyin.  hold on tweets let me try to send it b4 it dies cross ya fingaz
@mr_billiam Though theoretically, i should do the hilly ones 'coz they get the heartrate going. They also make my bum hurt for days 
@petewentz meee and i have to play four spftball games in a few hours 
@ali_mwahxx nooo they're not together! kstew has a boyf .. for like 5 years or sth :S man i'd like to see them together though! 
@BBRRIITTTTYY omg i looooooooooove nintendo 64! i have one lol. i have loads of games except for zelda  loll
just finished return to ravenhearst last nyt.... huhu... nothing to look forward to anymore... 
@sophie_twits have fun at the gym!!! hhhahahahaha boring 
had a great day and im watching marley and me but i dont want to cry lol its at the beggining i really dont want to see marley die 
@hello_jodie get it off craiglist thats where i got my blackberry bold! i miss it so much 
Oh no someone has been stealing my tim tams 
the game cuz it was being all retarded  so i stopped &amp; now im just laying on my bed doing absolutely nothing ! missing nea already 
@ddlovato good luck demi tomorrow! i wish i were there to see you, but im from argentina   looove you! solu.
@blastenergy you are a smart man.it's sad becuz she shwed me sme of her wrk &amp;she's a degreed phtogrphr. yet my pics were just blegh. 
@jonaskevin; I am uber excited you guys are in toronto tomorow. I would totally love to see you guys live but i am stuck working  have fun
@LeMonjat awwww that's no fair!  rofl
morninng .. awake for work   not good anyways happy birthday's tooo @lo__ and @jadedownes wooo tarra xox
soo i got my tragus(liddol part of ear) pierced the same day as my tatttoo &amp; man that shit still hurts  my tattoo is goood&lt;3
just cried his eyes out watching the live video of nick &amp; miley performing. 
I know ima have a bad dream....its diggin its way to the surface...that's why I dopnt wanna sleep 
@iluvTERRICKA Teeeeee ..ok u said chics &amp; not dudes or flippers, handle that cause im already in a fight mood 
someone cracked my twitt password.  gee...
i think so too @fatfreeyay  call on jesus, he's everyone's homeboy
just got back from niece's 1st mth, rushing the god damn bcs now which leaves me so damn clueless about what im supposed to do.  help?
gah, i want to go clothes shopping so much but im saving for my comp... controlling an addiction is sooooo hard. 
 yes look at the shit u have made and what are they all riots, an inocent 18 yrs old girl, a father struggling to take her dgt bck to life
uh, playing mario party something on game cube or wii. i really don't know. haha. i keep thinking it's holidays. but i got school tmrw 
@radseed boo to watcin degrassi that use to b my shyt tho. Ahh pride is out here next weekend 
@caseywillard welll i hate it when i cannot sleep at all  look casey! i'm twitteringgg hehe
@chinlovesyou i no ae! bt she myt cause she dnt hav a tour ryt now! 
omggg monday is just around the corner! ahhhhh  scarey
@nabejero maybe not just only me feel that. but #pnh is becoming more hotter everyday  which is bad, i have to run for aircon everytime.
@sabucks_ same here bucks, same here  i guess my concentration's having a walk around la alameda, or somewhere like that. xx
argggg. lost aqjtdd vs ajt2 on j62dd turn k river 2 cant even count how many outs i had on the flop and turn all i know a lot! 
@tommcfly poor tom. come here. I will not hurt you, I promise. HAHA ;X gio abuse to you, my kid. 
@andrewpycroft ohhh. I should write my dads card...&amp; burn that bloody green t-shirt!  I don't wanna wear it again 
i wish i read minds, i wish i new wut she thinks 
@ItsDivaBaby lol u got jokes?? im the only child so yea thats my #1 lady 
i miss @nicolekman  come over tomorrow... god thats a bad sign we are soo antisociable ahaha
@Jujuizdaname idk why. I'm lonely. In need of a gurl friend.  sup with you
rest in peace, bro ceci. 
watched grease 2 tonite.  i think my brain has atrophied.  quite possibly the worst movie ever made.  bad move, michelle pfeiffer. 
damn playstation refuses to play the dvd, lame 
@xo_crystal seriously. when shit seems to good to be true, it usually is 
@xo_crystal seriously, when shit seems too good to be true, it usually is 
@XShear it's sad but try  ive a friend who used 2 go 2 skool w/ says he is the nicest guy evr so at least he isn't a dick in real life
uploading youtube video of georgia and larissa (both 15) havin drinkies and dancing! lol sorry its not been edited very well 
@pseud0random hey i got some urea lying around, can u teach me how to turn it into an explosive? can't find nitric acid here... 
omg_! guess wahtt!!m so b0rd  help me ii fhiink ii need c0fee lol-x ily u bumm;)
@Galiiit  awwww no. ahaha that makes more sense lol.
i think i'm ready to give up the idea of running ubuntu on my macbook.  i'll give it another try in october when 9.10 gets released. *sad*
@ps129 Oh my gosh! poor monk  check out the trailer of 2012 at apple.com followers! looks like an interesting movie, I might watch it!
crap! i work every pagan holiday  cant change it either cuz of kiddos visitation schedule drat darn rats!
i wana watch rove but mummy wont let me  i needa re-arrange mah room so my TV will fit
@ddlovato if u  dated trace u'll regrect it i love u alot but i swear u''ll sooo doo  and u'll lose waayy 2 fans !!
home at 3:45 am, had a good nite tonite. headache tho mixin henne and patron is not a good look! at all. 
And sore throat again...damn it!  And where the ef is my camera?
happy fathers day dad.hpe u liked ur prezzie.x.n lolz my phone bill that ur going mental ova 
missed @stealingoneal at the hifi  waaa. they shouldve opened the doors earlier. ah well, see you at your next melbourne gig boys haha
@jeremerogers sooo since ur retired. . does that mean ur not celebrating go out &amp; skate day?! u were posta teach us! 
@lorenhakeney woow nice!i cant go anywhere  im alone here and i think i got some fever baby,where will you go?enjoy ur nite ;)
plyr 1: u shld tip ur dealer! ply r 2: I don't tip. ply 3: u tip her! plyr 1: hell no I didn't win that pot 
@simple_miley97 Now im here, but you don`t 
@EmilyMarieox nope  we'll vid call later if you want and you can hear it haha i videoed falling in love  it's amazing! xxxx
finally headed home...im exhausted!!! nobody replied on my tatt  nobody like it?????......oh well fuck 'em... I LOOVEE IIITTTT!!!!
@OfficialAS http://twitpic.com/7yod7 - dang... talk about disappointment 
donna what to do.  does anybody have any ideas?
waht tastes better. mint choc or white choc ? hmmmm..... this is a tough one. oh crap i have school tomorow lucky me 
i'm feeling sad  now i've got my graduation and wont see the nice people from my class soon again.sry for bad eng.!greetings from germany
@tinatwitt awww poor tina!it wasnt really a shoot  she just took a couple of shots but chyeah was alright im super tired as well ghah
caught up with 90210 woooooo finally. liam's so hotttt. meh. gotta get up and snap back into work mode now 
so sad..cant using d skype very well, there is something wrong with d connection volume setting 
@NickkkJonasss  i wish you boys were going on tour with miley  come to salem, oregon!!
The kick is no long provding me energy to write, it amke me angry, angry and volient and i am nt even half though my english 
certi-bhaad-mein-gaya attitude but somewhere in corner of my mind li'l scared 
@stormjh its making me motion sick  lots of fernando coverage tho 
The laptop iz being an idiot!!!!!!!! 
i have the freakin flu  fml. i better be able to go to @ddlovato 's concert tomorrow or i will die, legit die.
@raybooysen I did that, was like a stand underneeth, lots of weight tho 
iss gutted that itss the lastt supernatural 2nite  butt cnt wait to see wat happens xxx
is pissed off my edward cullen key chain just broke 
On my way home but im gona miss my mami 
*sigh* want to cut the grass but it's so thick now no way our crappy lil mower will do it. 
I don't like thick as theives by short stack. why couldn't they keep break dance not hearts. theives dosent even sound like them 
@musclenerd please some kind of eta I'm after goin over my 50gb cap with all the refreshing 
@DubarryMcfly i hope it stops raining at some point its boring me now lol  same here i love making snowmen lol xxx
iim miss the JLSofficial ii need it back  pls sort iit out asap i miss All about jls and all about marvin  ahhhhhhh not fair !!!! x
@tinkcupcake oh bb prob the anger build up manifesting  relax and have a nice cuppa. &lt;3
 stop braggin.. I awso want mre followerz @cpt_zeed
awake. Headed to chicago in a few with ashley for american idol registration. I'm too sleepy 
@nikicheong Heehee! my mum's reversed into their gate too - thought it was open heh! notice still no avatar 
@_hayles thinking of a celeb/hollywood fancy dress theme. want a marquee but its so expensive 
@adaggio1 What on the door? LOL ive done them since i was like 15 luv.. i can't do the ones on the floor though  LOOOL im such a girl!
@PrincessSuperC love it...if i would have known earlier you will be performing with britney on one stage i would go to uk tour 
I'm not an O-fm fan! It's driving me insane. Yay for the boks winning, but really sad we lost the cricket!  ab you idiot
@unhealy  i luved your show at wolves i sang all ur songs!!!!! xx i was on the bck row so culd not c u well!!  u were the best!! luv  u!!
@sjungg i dunno whats going on for sure.. cus the beach email says we might even reschedule..? &amp; also i have a test the monday after 
i want my camp! &gt; its darn unfair to do this you noe! 
wants 2 go bk 2 bed, not feeling gud and have a bad back 
@ms_cornwall aw bless  sure you are  right really must go......
ffs this crappy chair seems unable to sit at 90degress, I'm forced to sit at some weird 70degree angle which is doing my back in  
missed the diego fight last night  kinda mad
i'm watching fast cars race. no not silverstone and am wishing i was in brooklyn. sigh. adam i can't mullerice  rice doesn't like me
hmmm.... no wonder flickr_fu is slow - it returns info on each image from a search - not what I wanted 
sigh. 705 cases in thailand. bangkok next weekend is a bad idea. what do you think?  i've been anticipating this for ages though.
oh wow i forgot my acct was protected..guess u wont get my reply @b_club &amp; i know i was one of the 1st 50...boo..sucks to be me 
@iamSF2 nah my brain is still vibrating from being so close to the speakers. 
@DonnaJonesMcfly nope i only watched a bit last yr nd d celeb 1 this yr dars al boring ppl and deyre all gay  xxxx
@dongwayne ohhhh seems like you need to reset it, bad luck  it happened to my ipod too! just google how to reset it.
Eevetybody from big purple dreams I just read spoilers where somebody put donw its natalia who is pregant!  omg what will olivia do now
Feeling sleepy saw take that and james morrison yesterday - drank beer now have a sore head boo hoo 
@jiggyt721 left my phone in frish's car  so hit me up on here, aim or fb im stayin logged on all 4 u! wuts ur status? daddy wasnt there
Wanting some food  but cnt coz me cba to go downstairs and get something :L
@gavincreel i saw you tht night, and had no idea neil patrick harris was in the audience. i got everyone's autograph tht nite cept urs. 
waking up in a room that's so hot there's not even a 'cool' side to my pillow sucks Ds in H.  #fb
bored out of my mind but its sunday and theres nothing to do in this small town 
@Suexian huh dun understand ler. find a day go ur place and play hahaha. but my guitar sucks! dunno whats the prob. doesnt sound nice 
had a badminton game wid my tito, cuzin and bro.. so tiring! my hands were like ouch! 
bro ceci  rest in peace
@Maurshannrene  ain even gna come kick it wit me i see how it is
u never learn ur lesson until u put ur self thru the pain i know better shame on me 
not raining for once, wow! so lots of calc homework. then work till idk when.    21909
forum still not working  ... i wonder how long this is gunna be fooooooor? 
Something wrong wit my stomache wishin bay was here miss you 
@devinjay *bites @devinjay's* finger sobs... the price for sims3 on itunes scares me mah 
@stay_awake yang ada line &quot;dont fuck this whole thing up for me&quot; ituu, kan ngga ada judulnya. katanya ngga bakal masuk nothing personal 
st00pid fuckin computer keeps crashing 
uff yeah green star aur touch 
@bmerr holy crap! ahaha yesterday was just humid here but no sun  sucky summmerrrrrr
@JordanAshleigh Thats the jordan i know and love (L) don't ever go on a nick hating mood again close to the concert that scared me 
did the jonas brothers on jimmy kimmel love video get deleted off youtube? 
did the jonas brothers on jimmy kimmel live video get deleted off youtube? 
This place is too hot!!! I need the cool buzzing of my pc fan........  daddy will be home soon
sure wish i would have thought to do a dance for all the fathers at the brunch today...oh well too late now cuz i have no clothes 
fathers day always makes me a lil glum, reminds me that my dad wont speak to me, yet speaks to my brothers and theres no reason for it 
http://twitpic.com/80ew1 - lmao:] my pinkie got stuck with my backyard door  &amp; it flinged off
@rosie_rage nice seeing you briefly yesterday rosie! we should of got a picture though  x
@rosie_rage nope  tommy was being gay etc so they wouldn't let us!! but i suppose the gig made up for it (LLLL) did you enjoy it?! x
hi got hsm practise 2 moz  b got a cough n cold wich better go by sugababes concert
is still doing martin luther king project, seems to be taking ages  x
 coco doesnt tweet anymore. viva la hole woman. dont let us down...again....
@LesleyKemp Iknow what u mean  I am assured, if u play around enuff, it will make sense (?)
@NicholasJerry92 hi! my name is irene im spanish  your show in madrid was very fantastic   what did happen  to the end of the show??  
my drunken tweets are annoying fml. carla's phone is off&amp;I'm supposed to call her, maybe she did it on purpose. &amp;Natalies' still sleeping 
@jehan_ara I agree but i guess he didnt hear ur advice and went out the next ball  #PakCricket
Always want chick-fil-a the most on Sundays 
missed my tatay... hes n heaven now.. happy fathers day tatay.. love you alwys.. 
Uuuuuuuugh soooo tired,,, and i hate trains so much!! especially when theres a big FAIL in seat places  though did start on a new song (Y)
@fillmoe4life ok fill i will jus so much bs keep happening wonder if its eva goin to get beta smh  and happy papi day
Theres a red dot mark at the center of my nose  - http://tweet.sg
ugh todays fathers day and im mad at my dad oh great 
Ahh, where is everyoneeeeeee  lool.
well, finally i'm getting a grip ughh i'm running late 
@p33n15 ooo damm you  its fun clogging up the page though (Y)
@hushaboom pff, it's cool   and i'm very very jealous you're in cali. i had a feeling that was there u were... i miss innout 
@diegosuarez megan fox walked right past this chubby english kid that was offering her a rose  i saw it on perezhilton.com. i felt bad.
@3drik n im tryna go hoop.....wish i had a boyfriend who would buy me a basketball... 
@mama_t_lo // they weren't my tickets. But I can't go. 
@rarebre3d yea.here too.it got really windy nd&amp; dark[as if: storm from xmen was pissed or something]but tht was like 2secs..its hot again 
just got done watchin the degrassi episode when jimmy got shot  i love that show!!!
@Dannymcfly oh good, i got worried, thought you smoked  good boy, not like dougie and harry.
I need sum words of encouragement rt abt now. Evtime I look ovr at my overflowing inbox I feel my blood pressure rise. Ovrwrkd undrpd 
@_CorruptedAngel U know I luv U girl! I wouldn't bring sum1 in2 yr life 2 make it miserable  I thought U wld lk sum1 that kept up
@darker_artic I really wanna watch that game, but dont have the appropriate channel 
:O not aloud my body spray  i am guna ban mum from takin her cigs on holidaii breathed in too much smoke on saturday neva again!
its ok right? maths revisionnnnnn  loving watching reece and sammy ty to jump on the trampoline! its jokess
oops... broke a string on my bass, gotta buy new ones  now 
u kno wht line ive heard too much of? : ____ is buying my ticket. she loves me. @johana95:  me no pomona warped. cya in august.
ohhh poop-pie/poopie  im going to have to write everything again   such a dumb hardcore file  took up too... http://tinyurl.com/l4cj8q
@jtothenel why you stealin my thunder my bday is next  &amp;&amp; @marge_cord sorry i missed the fun i was there in spirit
cant believe people eat sunfish (mola mola)!!  http://bit.ly/leMEa when will the madness stop? &amp; why call them mambo fish? not on my menu.
@CTRICKETT wel if u wud rather go 2 footie than hav a drink on my last day then its fine, i wnt mind 
just woke upp! ughh. school again tomoro 
I was just walking in the stat and I see a ride I want to get in 2000 never  http://twitpic.com/84eb0
jax all i need is micro and ive take all my pre-reqs. i just need to get in2 this stupid ass course. shits dumb man i swear.  thanx tho.
nyone else have probs with 'P' and 'L' buttons on their G1? have to press mine like a million times 
catn beleive its onli half 8.....hate being here  xxxx
listenin 2 someday by flipside........ its reaaaalyyyy rokin nt gettin d link 2 share it on orkut!! 
fighting with mii ex.  bored as hell in north carolina
@vanessaparlo woahhh! at one :0 jesus! ahh... poor nessa! sp your all alone  ahaha i always see her :]
@OvertowDeli @DejaBLade  ahh!!  you're all going to georgia?!   i'm sad now.  the show is on my bday, too!!  dumb job aka school!!
2morrow orchestra  noooo .... yeah ... my head hurts ... aua tennis racket ....
is at the library cuz my lappie is broken 
ohio is soooo boring  take me back to las vegas..pleeeeease
hella bored missing my girlfriend.  wont see her this weekend .
**** ( wont say da name of da person) but **** i cant belived ur acting the way u r ...  all i can say is peace be wif u and god bless u x
Workout routine not even done and alex quits 
#Musicmonday I'm in a new york state of mind! And I really am stuck in chicago missing ny 
@kingnike its all ur fault. hve a good dinner at red lobster....guess ill ecook me something to eat 
@tee_gee I know 
@ph3onix i cant even get cable, stuck with a 1.5 dsl 
@tracy_2011 o nice!! i didnt know third degree was in this league?? bt camp...had it 2 weeks ago. not fun. im sorry you have it 
@iamAshleyBlue http://1kfollowers.net  That's awesome that ur following me! Not many pornstars r 
omg. not looking forward to playing &quot;find the poop&quot; 2mrow with the woman who hides her poo in wee packages and hides them  i hate my life.
@VIVIANHIGH hahaha i really doubt it  most cute boys live in ghetto areas not in pasadena lmao
where the hellia can I watch big bro'!?! nothing much on youtube and I watched one channel but can't remember who now 
@perezhilton I do not know why you are so stupid! get with fergie and will i am very stupid crybaby 
is freaking out because theres a moth in my room  whers chuck norris when u need him 
@chickawahwah are you crazy? why your nickname is so long and wird?? you need a doctor... or carlisle?? hahaha.. love you.. and miss you 
@sazzclarke your tumbler wont load  i wannna see itt
going the mall tomorrow to meet my new friend from manchester! but shes not a mcfly fan..shes a jb fan 
2 ppl passed away on dc metro  make dua inshalah for everyone..
taking a lil break frm studying. {sad i missed my ballet class tonite  }
Wish i had been pimpin out the ride with THE pimp herself and tor 
im ready to get outta da pool already....my leg hurts  bt i really want 2 play bball gotta wait 3 weeks&amp;sumbody challenged me 2...
Bad news!! swine flu is in my town!!  plus another woman got robbed!!! oh shiz nit
@event_planner1 i would have to go out and buy that. im crashing from my caffeine rush  dammit.
@mspaderyang ohh sac is 2 hours away from me  if youre in sf let me know!
why does angel have to show her tits everyday  #bb10
hmm old pic what do i do with them. well some are on facebook... eww my dog olmost gave me a shower with slime 
Hey, it's going to be hard to start tweeting like when I had my huge streak. This is not my computer i'm using and i have no wi-fi here 
kicking it with my friend pam....and its raining out  good ol' s/e alaska weather
@uknowhowibe can't even, I gotta take my comp to the store already cuz the player won't work on my comp. right now 
studying for retail management class  soooo lame. fml.
why arent she talked to me todays? im sads and i dunno why she doesnts says hi. its like instants ice baths 
@desireeapril dude i'm serious about this, i even quit gatorade.  ahhhh, this is taking over. but i have to do this.
 2 hear about jon n kate...couples should steer clear of those reality shows! just say no!
Aw sorry to hear huni  least she in a better place..awk just everything pure bleh :-| Aww are all of ur lot up there  ? :-| ?
dow jones fell by 2.4% a 200 point fall.... 
kinda upset....my buddy is going out of town. i wanted to hang out with him....but i have to leave for canada next tues.. 
@TanyaSparky well then you missed some fun. I crushed five cans on my head that night. Kissed oscar on the mouth  lol leon torched his ...
is it bad to pray for a miracle so i can get tickets to britney's sep. 4 atlanta show? it's all i want in the world for my birthday 
@JBThomson I have no idea v blonde moment; meant wi fi  
aw. didn't think the would get a divorce. I thought jon &amp; kate would pull through and stay togehter. too bad! 
@mikewaxx  http://tinyurl.com/mh9ta3 true story of the demise of my poor headphones 
@dawnmh i totally agree... jon &amp; kate need counseling not divorce... how sad...  divorce is always so sad, regardless of the family 
http://tinyurl.com/mh9ta3 true story of the demise of my poor headphones 
Stomach won't stop hurting.  Totally feel pregnant. ha ha.
psyched about the evolver con call. real interesting folks, and glad to be doing this thang /w them.... now floor cleaning.... 
sunburnt, tiredd, &amp;&amp; really misses her ipod  honestly who the heck stealss get a lifeeee, &amp;&amp; a jobb so u can buy ur own shittt!!
haiz not enuf zzz again 
@brandnewrock your boston show is hella sold out  and tickets are going on craigslist for $400.  we f***ing love you guys here!
@YesIamQuESt http://tinyurl.com/mh9ta3 true story of the demise of my poor headphones 
class tomm...don't wanna go bc i can't talk to someone i really like...my heart can't take being hurt anymore.. 
@mandaayxo manndayyyyy! everything's super but I gotta get off now and get ready for class. lolz. I miss you guys 
I wanna go to bed..but my dad has the damn DS...how am I to sleep?? 
wow jon &amp; kate plus 8....  but kate has no one to blame but herself! since she treated jon like crap!
You can always find happiness in any situation he you look hard enough. .  jon and kate made me cry
@alexiskn bowden can not get comfy  back and forth but he did try my fav chair! He misses momma! http://twitpic.com/85lfo
no  jon and kate are getting a divorce. thats so sad my tv family is falling apart :/ i feel so bad for there 8 kids (((((
ohhh man. am i the only one tearing up over this jon &amp; kate episode? ughhh they make me so sad. 
@LisaHopeCyrus goshh hunny please forgive me! im an idiot!  but i loove you so much please hun
Needs to exchange his palm pre cuz it turns off when I shut it! 
wants australia to stop playing ellen replys!!! wants to see the new episodes 
@andyalvarez aww... xoxo for ur knee!  btw the sore on my foot got worse! haha!
tbh, i got teary-eyed when jon and kate made their announcement... i saw it coming but still... the kids 
@stuticutie fact: christine min's stomach is the size of china at the moment. 
oh no; i watched the new episode of jon &amp; kate plus 8 and at the end it said they finalized their divorce or whatever  it made me sad. 
wondering why alexxx wont text me about our band situation. 
@OkayJay u g'ed me wit all those invites...u wasnt forreal 
...he never took bp  &amp; I never got to show him my sign!  if anyone hears news about andres torres please tell me!!!!! Thanks!!!!
@jennac0re yup i use the heck out of the crumbles! trying to find a vegan fake buffalo wing tho that is as good as theirs- hARD  haha.
why is my guitar ALWAYS out of tune   #fb
is with my crazy jamaican aunt carol everyones laughn at us 
Wow crazy we have not eat dinner yet and where is chris 
o and btw who saw secret life?? me and ma bestie watchd it 2gether! anyway- i ant believe graces dad died! i mean- thats so sad. 
i really wanna see @taylorswift13 in chicago on october ninth or tenth. too bad my mom ruins everything.  i need to some major bribing.
Picking up my son from his troop mtg. Unfortunately I have a cold and had to miss the mtg 
@MiracleDawn thx for the recommendation. uve now made my addiction 10x worse 
a left front control bush arm? wtf! 140$; yup im getting fucked again; no reach around either 
so sad, cant see hey monday and stereo skyline tonight, 
@itsdayglobitch hehe miss u loads want a kiss and cuddle 
i'm sad i'm going to miss beyonce's concert 2mor  grrr.. who's going to that?
kinda  imma miss @essandbee video shoot such a sweetheart style on bee!!!!!!
@BennyBugatti i really want the chameleon circuit cd  yeah he painted himself purple. he met steven fry. so jealous 
so I hate tuesdays...i have dis long ass break...ughh my next class starts at 1:15 
definatley sad about the whole jon and kate situation i feel its more jons fault half kate though / paparazzi 
misses her table pc  http://plurk.com/p/139uh4
re-thinking my decision of bedroom choice. the guest bed is so much more comfy then mine  uh ohhhh.
@KimSoAmazin babe, you got malaria!? my blood can save u! i have sickle cell trait lol! hope u feel better tho, im in the bed too. 
someone looks abit dashing in pink, shame hes talking though  http://twitpic.com/86xwf
ok, gonna read more before work at 2. blah blah blah tuesdays. 
oh man totally ill, can't shake this virus at all not good, can't even enjoy the rare sunshine 
gettin depressed wiv this weather nw.....its horrible!!  bring back the sunshine please!
waaa im dying! Mikeee tell me why u had 2 be so rude with me and not 'over weight'  u made me feel like a plump girl,2bad!
@itsb3zy awwww maybe he never had any1 to teach him the proper dresscodes  not a gd look.
Last session at #engage09  But saved one of the best for last with @laracasey, @bee_kim, and @thinksplendid
gunna wear this dress out to this thing on saturday.  but idk, :L    ++ i have no shoes to match it  http://tinyurl.com/mvktc8
ahahahahha ohhh yeahhh! but I think Mileys guna log off twitter  I gotta do stuff, like shower and eat and change!lol byebye&lt;3(:
Not sure I should be proud of my ability to eat ice faster than it melts. Definitely not proud of spilling ribena down my nintendo tshirt 
@RachieLeah nope, that'd make sense tho right? all i get is an ace bandage and ice. mixed with some codine, rest and elevation. 
singing lesson -.- arr  how long can i not think about ron? bet!
@Jimmysmacks I looked at ur sight ystrday, cool, but I wish I dnt have 2 join 2 C da stories tho  I'm tired of havin my email on maili ...
im so bored in this boring gift shop 
Man im awake. but not lookin 4ward to sittin at this desk 4 the nxt 4hrs  hopefully i'll be doing sumthin when i get off....?
@GsoHandsome ehh hem! who's fault is that. how much does the laziness pay off w,o seeing ash  lol
Looks like I waited too long to order a kilt for the highland games  #fb
@DonnieWahlberg fluid lounge...i took this pic..but u left soon after guess the crowd was too crazy!   http://twitpic.com/85iu3
i saw some really nice pair of shoess.. couldnt afford em 
oh mr obama please get off my tv  I love you but i need my days right nows. what will happen with sammie and rafe? i need 2 know!
Mudah2an malam ini bisa tidur tenang....  good night everyone http://myloc.me/5dMp
only 19 followers...        its only cos i'm new and im happy cos i just bought sour watermelon sweets!!!
@sara_luna beacuse somtimes I'm feeling my friends just think about ourselves 
cant wait much longer. need barrel saddle...NOW!!!!!! i really dont want to sell my english saddle to buy western one 
Is out and about with no money, no id, nuffin 
broke my favorite big bowl  haveing a bad day but somehow laughing lol..really cant wait till the new tim burton film comes out!
@sammi_jade I can't put up the london pics yet hun my pc is locked up in my dads 'man' room. I'm sorry  x
not happy that the grip wont fit in my ds for guitar hero!!! 
I can't believe der is still no accptance of gay mrrge in this cntry. I feel  seeing my neighbr w/ a child not gtting the sme benfit as me
I have my own personal stocker!!!!  :S ohhh great. every 30 mins i recieve a text, but ignore it, but then recieve another one! :S
what's the deal with perez and will i am can't we all just get along...especially on canadian soil boyz ! disappointing 
is at the dmv waiting foreverrr to finally get her cali drivers license...bye bye hawaii one 
watching invader zim with my best orthodoxers, broke the break 
Contemplatin if there will be any plans this wknd for me brother in law still in da hospital  wishin him a safe n fast recovery!
scratch that...no watchout! theres ghosts 
seperated at birth: ciara and alesha dixon :L this mite get rid of my boredom for a wile 
@hedahed_xo i no it's awful  i actualy do not no what the fuck to write. what can i say about a landscape at sunset thats a tad abstract?!
@OfficialJoBrosi erd the wemeblty concert went amazin glad to hear it i was so gutted i couldnt go  maybe next tym- new cd is awsome guys!
@topclasswoo well fine then &gt;.&lt; i wont say ur name &gt;:p next time put who u were talkin to :'( other ppl [like me] get confuzziled 
@RobinDayle yea thats the pizza place we went to. sry for the late reply 
pretty upset with jon and kate.. proves my point. moving is so not fun ewww 
@rossmills If you find one, pass it on pls 
just seen weather forcast thunder storms  and everything is going wrong making me sad dont think i want to go anymore  a sad mwah xxxx
wank the mr shane jessup 8&quot; dunny has a sdcc exclusive colourway no chance of getting  that then would of gone so sweet with the 3&quot; ones 
@yaya_yachiru I am quite awesome today. It's hot as hell out tho  how are you? I met you at colossal didn't I?
@JessieMalakouti listenin back to my vids of you at wolverhampton, amazing, big fan  gutted i didnt meet you when gatehangin 
Over the jon and kate bullshit. Lunch with jack, work and then midnight showing of Tranformers...I miss the boy a little. 
watching camp rock with darren. great i think darren's taking a dump 
It's been jst 1 1/2 yr &amp; w'r feelng so sad;wht 'labour lost' it must feel whn childrn let dwn parents aft 25-30yrs.I dnt dare plan kids 
@blackthundr u missed jerk sesh part 2 the other night  i better see some jerkin in the freestyle circle at the fair tho! haha
@msdivineknight Aww hun big Twugs cumin ur way, I h8 blood tests, bless u, I bet u must feel like a pin cushion  I'm ok tho thanx hunni xx
ok...im being a little to harsh...  excuse my bluntness honey...i work 4 my money (no pun intended)
everyones out front listening to kenny rodgers and sipping vodka cocktails while i sleep  darn i hate tiredness !!
omg it is sooooooo hot out  and i just saw a red honda ridgeline and my heart skipped a beat missing my blue eyed bestie 
max is dead and rudy is going to war omg  this book sucks!!!!!!!!!!!
@Darlyka  i feel your pain hun  (another crappy day fandom wise)
feelin kinda sick, wana go home...  4 mo hours to go!
@AmandaAOK You may stop telling me  what a mess. He's not all that tho.. there's plenty better fish in the sea!
i miss eating crack queso with @PeteIncaviglia, cali bound soon. 
@disturbed_smurf eh nothing but work really. hung out in albert college park tonight. was amazingly gorgeous. I wanna go on a roadtrip 
Being outside for an hour didnt do anything to my freakin irish skin 
I'm super excited for the weezy, drake, soulja boy &amp; young jeezy concert ! ...but then I remember its not till august  lol
i dont want to read a bidding prayer in front of the hole school i thought mrs.burton ment just for yr 9  im shitting myself
played tennis. new wale+9th..lady gaga on the feature!? 
@TawniRae all these quizzes about which jonas brothers song are you? who should you marry? and blah blah blah, but it tweets for you 
@19fischi75 flood warning? holy crap! hope everythings alright at ur place hun? 
@nick_carter On second thought...I don't love you anymore. 
is wanting it to be sunny! neeed to getting a effing tan! 
if i have to walk home from town i will DIIIIEE....ok myb not but whine, cause eurgh. im a silly 
he then changed his msn name to 'paul has something new to hate' and thought it was bad and didnt believe charlie knew ben cook. 
okay.. so i'm probably not going to paris.. staying in good old vienna   gahh! and I mentally packed my suitcase already (
@songbirdb82 well I'm home bored watchin confessions of a shopacholic lonely I wanted to go to the movies but I get no answer on that smh 
@ivy0119 Finally you guys will have iphone next mth huh? I went to get mine last nite but there were still 10 people waiting in the line 
ah man @abba is a freakin spam acct. SO SO disappointed! 
I no they say that u shud stay livin with ur parents as long as possible,I truly think I've past my expiry date here 
@otherblackstuff ....ha ha haa!! By that logic, lousy minds must think with similarity also 
@marlon_huddy yup   i know somone whos at the isle of wight working in a resturant where the royal family go! we can go anywhere tbh! 
new hamster. black. named ally. or alli? or allie? idk. should be named abby. 
@veroflraptor i dont remember  samsung?
@jodifuckinrocks I'ma try get too bub &gt;.&lt; I feel like crap  I'm trying.. later
@jodifuckinrocks I'ma try quit too bub &gt;.&lt; I feel like crap  I'm trying.. later
god my stomach hurrrtsss.  ugggh. hmm well getting ready for volleyball :/ #squarespace #trackle
ok im outie....lol... talk to ya soon.. no phone  and its such a tease cuz i see it going off but i cant use it
just cashed in my hello kitty piggy bank to cover my overdraft.  smh
watching big bro! its nearly over tbh though, i'm really sore  i'l tweet more pics toorrow! omg cant wait for alton towers  Nighttt xo
fck sakes.. hate papers. :S still workin on it.. 
I just ran out of my kitchen screeching (literally) because the biggest moth ive ever seen is in there....theres no-one to get it for me 
@butlifeisabitch beg heeerrr, beg her on your kneessss! hahahaha i need to see you so badly 
11.10. time for bed, ai? but no! must feed guinea pigs and do some wii fit because oh em eff gee i feel like a hippo right about now. 
@mcclendorino awwwwwwwwwwwwww my bad  you can borrow my roller blades in the meantime? lolz
imy corey. transformers on sat  i'm a sucker for lovers.
@Perspectify - I know about the fog stuff woah..wasnt much fun driving home  esp since my windscreen was really dirty too lol
@stu_art_ist kind of. managed to upload thumbnails. am redoing now. so much for my 10o/c bedtime (I've been awake since 5  )
I have 49 followers  its ok im not crying guys...its just raining on my face..........indoors
@liswickham of course!! ahahha i'm just telling that ur sooo lucky! i can't take naps! 
@its_aurora I wouldn't mind a dip hug tbh, might cheer me right up, but sadly we are in different countries right now. 
@HanW868 no i cnt stand im. i love federer shame his mrs couldnt smile if er life depended on it. im wrkin all day atm so missin it all 
Going to mcdonalds. I miss annet and the crew. 
Going to mcdonalds. I miss annet and the crew. 
 rest in peace, ed mcmahon.
woop woop fun day. tough though. hahah it sounds funny. tough though tough though ermm loads of laughters. aunt is going to argentina 
@tommcfly I don't think @gfalcone601 will be happy about that! haha. I reeally want to here the album  any idea when itl be out? xxx
my brother just left   ...cya in ike 4 months
Hey @sixxjohn ok so i can NOT access the chat.   (sixxjohn live &gt; http://ustre.am/3pUR)
i stand fully educated and corrected in my assumptions a staycation is for locals only http://staycation.ky/ i think thats a shame 
@Siiinaaa aaaah scarrry(: i almost had a heartattack. ;p i wish i saw drag me to hell...  u lucky.. &lt;3
@jmoney1026 lol no worries. I just gotta find my dvd 
i swear 2 god! im so bored  can anybody help me wit my boredom blues lol. n add me on bebo lmao!! just type in jacqui balmer lol xxxxxxxxx
@305cutie cause she go wit that basketball player  daneille gibson
@NLS_yt nothing  miley is following larry king. haha since when is she a fan?
@sdeez I hope I get better by tomorrow  but duh! U needa come to ox with kb. And maybe philip.
@babyscratch a lil better not much tho, went from 45% to 55% 
 i feel like crawling into my bed under my covers listening to my ipod and having a cry session..
@mark1199 i know  SUGGGGGGGGGGGGGAR rofl
Theres a dude here @ the gym we call nutsacks bc he seriously alwys wears the tighest shortest neon panties. there HAS to be a dresscode 
btw: jeremy is d 1 who started d whole siennica thing :0) I &lt;3 him even tho he only lets me have 2 drinks  he hates it when I drink. lol
@mickbetancourt ohhhh you're a lucky man! The nearest starbucks for me is 45 minuets away 
no1 wants 2 go 2 da beach  so since i neva seen Transformers b4 ill watch da 1st 1 2nite n check out da new movie dis wknd..popcorn any1?
@nyliberty the only thing u can do is listen ok love access because of the san vs phx game on espn they aren't streaming the video live 
ugh tell me why my man pau gasol was at t.g.i fridays and i was trapped in this damn bar 
ugh tell me why my man pau gasol was at t.g.i fridays and i was trapped in this damn bar  http://bit.ly/fr25L
well its summer so bored and i can txt and i have been emailing u rosie.. lolz so i really want to go somewhere... 
a person cant take a decent nap... 6 txts 5 missed calls &amp; like 4 or 5 bbm messages.. i was only sleep 4 a lil bit 
Its a beautyful day my friends...and theres none to do man...still gotta finish dat mothaf*in book....... 
@mhcranberry i read that article on votto, not gnna lie i had a few tears  thats so sad. i feel for him
Eating sushi at The avatar...wish my besties were here  On the other hand im chilliiiin!!!
@IMONEYDABADDEST lmao awwwww hunnie i miss u moreeeee  hope u come on thursday 
Holy hanna montana the clerk at bestbuy had a nasty attidtude on him. 
i just got me 2nd shoot! ouchh i need icecream 2 feel better! wheres my daddy! 2 more shoots 2 go  i hate doc!!!
@Leatron @popcorn44 I'm going to her concert soooo early to see if I can see her walk in but idk about the hotel 
@unicornsandme it seems to be a better deal for the fans though but i agree with it being the same   nah duno when it airs
@ENewsNow she works with people that r 20+ yrs old! give her a break!! xoxo miley fan that stands up 4 her!!!!         
Yikes...guess woman sitting nxt 2 me got bad breath! cnt stand 4 it but cnt move 2 other seat..  let's hold breath
@ashley_eastwest yeahh he left  but that's okkk..coz he seems more like a solo singer anyway.and i love his songsss..he's awesome
but 10 yrs of marriaqe is deep son son ; aww ; feel like cryinq for em ; lOl ; &amp; dere 8 kidss  . damn ii hate kate ; fukd up shxt yoo
why did jon and kate have to split up  sniff sniff thats going to chage the show...big time! omg http://tinyurl.com/n8j2zx
i hate being sick.. not going to pride  too sick. playing with my blackberry the app world isnt working off ad me to bbm 2063c014 yee yee
@BPoppins the blackberry i have is the 1st blkbry dat came out &amp; only reason y i have it is cuz my other cell broke so im stuck wit dis 1 
@ms_sugakane oh ok.. ooooh military men are sexy. I used to have one 
@djlegacy its cool i gotta share  miss my baby tho he's 2 now
i cut myself shaving yesterday, and i believe a spider bit that cut. fml yo. 
greatly relieved that erin is getting better, but now thoughts are with jack. these poor kids 
@EKdoubleA @tricia_anne30 @thisisjoo @heyyitskate let's confe guys  We haven't done one in so long 
@Zammie255  i'm so sorry girly =( what else has happened? hmm are there any close besides that one? is that the one erin was coming to?
@agnsrms aww i left you pennies..as a joke tho  customers suck.
yall besta hurry up nd follow meh.........its qettin late nd theres nobody 2 talk 2 
@anothersaturday HAHA, I used to but the hack go closed  I can do fb though ahaha.
my mommie called me bad girl cuz I ripped half da window screen 
now dat @songzyuuup is followinq mo fans; he qon forqet bout me 
@anubisbay nope...  never had one. can't make those fancy pages like yall.
@andersoncooper : I have only 4K in loans, have been paying it for 4+ yrs, and paid more interest than principle... still at 4k ! 
soo... i went to the sweeties chat.. i was hopin i was gone get 2 laff and tlk 2 yall, but it wasnt nobody n the room 
@lynn_jonas lmao I love brat pack and all his old stuff  he's so cute.
@omg_erika were not at at&amp;t they only have dollar hotdogs  we hella need to hit up a game bud!
@xwashy ay lucky allah y5aalech  am dieing out of boredom
i just want a fucking smoke. and to lay down, watch a few mins of conan &amp; go to bed 
us beats my fav. spain, and i missed the match.. damn i m sad... 
@BryanRicard basicallyy. bruins, cj..nothing better :] cept if my boys in black nd gold were REALLY playing 
less than 24 hours till demi concert! ahhhh cant wait&lt;3 i wish my non-blood non-live with brothers were coming 
me n will need to stop readin transformers reviews... everybodys sayin it sucks  that'll make me sad.
feels good to sleep in my bed with my good ol' ac but also lonely..I miss my big poppa 
has bitten her lip!! ...literally, it hurts.. waaah !  Waiting for my lovely IT man at work to install me an app...doooo de doo..
@JimPap yeahh prob ;] i cant wait til the draft! i want kulikov so bad tho  ill cry if i hear his name called &amp; its not chiarelli sayin it
http://twitpic.com/8cku0 - 1am...poor puppy cant hold any food down. i gotta call the vet in the mornin 
@silvervest @twitchel minus emulating what's on win/osx, and minus stuff i can do on an iphone, what else can linux do? 
i got to hang out with martin tonight, what a great guy. it makes me miss germany 10x more than i already do 
Still questions the whereabout of his tom petty cd 
@iAmCWise go to arclight at da galleria in sherman oaks. they got tix. i was gon go at 10 but i got lazy 
@MariahCarey can i ask... whats the best thing tu say tu a girl u like (i like) i need all the help i can gett if u u know what i mean 
omfg everybody has twitter now wtf? i realz liek neighbours now. omg greys anatomy ! izzzzie soooo better not die !  x
@thatgirlmystic  I'll look out 4 that doc.. I get sad everytime I hear 'fatherless child' - 'with a needle in ur arm n angels on ur side'
ugh swear to god if i cry myself to sleep one more night im tearing my eyes out.  &quot;lightening crashes&quot; playing now wtf. bum city yo.
@soynoodles go study bitch, stop going online!! HAHHA &amp; I want famous amos &amp; yami 
today was fun got my little hootchie dress lol jk  and saw transformers( i would've preferred year one  ) &lt;---movie was alwight
but unfortunately i still have to work...yuckky......lets see if i have the guts to quit tonight...bet i dont  im soo lame
ughh wtf johnny  answer man haah just had such a serious talk with rohoe. cant believe he's actually moving on :/ girls are bitches..
@totalrapture Pls can I has your base code but with my own pictures and stuff.  pls pls
@LyndseeRae I want one but I just caaaaaant! If I lived by myself, I'd take one fo sho  oh sad day...I want a kitty
awww no! youtube is making all youtube channels ugly with that crap design layout  july 15  i hate change. grr
@timbo1138 theys taken mah video games 
@thekellyprice ohhhh noooooo poor baby civic!!!  i hope youre okay!! crashes are scary 
its up!!!! bad quality.  ohh well
via ontd_political comes this graphic and shocking video of a 16 year old boy undergoing a 'gay exorcism' http://twurl.nl/tt2voz   
supre. on sale 50% off. have to go with rebecca! yay yay yay! and i want that purr colourful jumper in the dolly mag 
@BaharehHabibi I thought it would be too but shorty service and messed up orders = no bueno 
@artonfire SERIOUSLY??? oh my god i remember when spongebob premiered on snick. we are so old 
sister is asking me for help with her malay hw. she thought &quot;sepotong ayat&quot; meant cut out the words 
wondering why a rich man like magic johnson would stoop to this level of coonery - http://tinyurl.com/mrz5wu -not like he needs the cash 
@animaluver124 yup sick as a dog I made recalled cookies with ellie collin joe and nick and yea were all sick now 
listening to @ledisi 's new album preview on her site. http://www.ledisi.com/ lil upset the jazz fest is fri. wish I remembered sooner. 
@streetanchor nose bled.. i ve some breathing probs... by birth.. premature   ta + heat is taking the toll on me... sob sob
@lapsecatholic im having same problem  i gotta find a website that streams or has download links for top chef masters
i told u i wanted 2 cum  nada just havin fun erry chance i get goin 2 vegas in july @MelissaMendez
ugh idk if i can eat pizza anymore.... i miss my galbladder  
@anafree its not a free world atm unfortunately ana  but night anyway! :p
i want mr wilson back  my mum thinks @Georgecraigono looks like kris off bb, lmao. somehow i don't see it
@theroser  no full moon crazy in toronto 
Uqhhh;; i miss mr london like crazy!!!! 
hmmm i cant sleep  why does my life hav to b so complicated?? i wish our distance wasnt so great...i really want sumthin with u 
@streetanchor hmmm  true.. will start wen i m well equipped.. my heart bled to learn tat there re no tigers left at panna reserve sob sob
how can you just so easily close the door behind you, forget and say goodbye .. pitty.. bb then.. 
i cant type, so sorry if oyou can sread what i say on msn ore anythign my fingggres r lieik popsicles 
@ruth_siobhan gah, thats lame! i know the feeling, the pizza delivery guy stole mine when i was at uni the night b4 i15! 
mornin way in 2 town to daii w/ Caobz..........cant buy any cds tho 
not doing cip @ breast cancer cus kiki got quarantined. adeline took away my freakin access card and the butterfly is still hiding 
@jmee21 aw! i couldnt seperate myself from ali...  i'd prob end up cutting myself. haha! just kiddin'!
@MatGarcia my dear! ive missed you haha. omg that fight was so scary!!  but we're on a team about miranda!!
@ksekher haha..vendatha paniku pokumbol aalochikanamayirunnu  ya hate it wen ppl call futball as soccer 
@ksekher i knw.but dis is football..damn americans shud call their *coconut throwin game* smethin else 
jesus...cant believe its pushing 1.30. and why is the back killing me so?  process of aging on fast-fwd mode?
Just realized I can't even participate in the orbitz contest cuz I am not from the states....damn it 
feeling kinda sad sleeping alone in my bed when thee bf is on the floor 
@mattgarner nar i just showered its fine. LOL And its not 50s babes, get it right 
Tisnt very warm...i dnt lyk it 
urgh, piss off kfc. not working until yu give me a facemask. defs dnt want to go to the doctors, could be swine ! 
@hummingbird604 yea...happens alot b/c of my former exhib industry career...i have free passes to most films...end up having 2 take peeps 
@ram8727 yeh i wld,cos it's new,and i know mobile's &amp; if it has an intermittent fault,then i wnt have gone away 4 gd,It will come back 
tired 2mora nite sposed to go 2 movies wif besties but both pulled outcoz they got last min plans( i got ditched 4 a guy an a borin nite) 
finalizing invite list for transformers tmr. hopefully there's any empty sit for me. feel so left out when so many ppl watched it already 
@xerinfnstein i choked on some  ask jake
@danceoffmychest schools out dude!! dam! wish I could go on sunday  won't be able to see you guys till the 5th! will you be there?
says my wallet that i value the most! got lost! stupid me  http://plurk.com/p/13sy5v
haha, sorry babe. josh told me. lol  miss you too btw  cant wait till friday! &lt;3 steph.
@KhaledT lol no idea what the diff is between reply and message hahahaha gahhh so bored at habibi 
ohhh mann just paid 65 quid credit card bill !! darn it im so skint now !!!!! teaches me to make late payment 
@dizzyyet wal-mart is kinda like target, k-mart, woolworths, coles, and big w in one. it is massive! shame you missed out 
Home, at lastt grat america SUCKS i'm all beat up from the rides lol 
Home, at lastt great america SUCKS i'm all beat up from the rides lol 
@emma_qosfc  it was a kinda empty threat but a bet's a bet  lol
wonders what happened to my friend luis and his cat felix.. i disappeared and now he's vanished.  its always bad timing..
@apatheticzodiac lol your watching ur self jk i dont have hbo anymore 
@chrissie_ lol wat the hell  i keep hearing pink LOL
is discoverin da joys of res.paper writin, even tho her throat feels like shes swallowed razor blades [not nice peep not nice] 
@avb252 church camp bt its really fun  ya bt i dont feel lyk going to hong kong 
first lie in for ages and I forgot to turn off my alarm that goes off at 6.40! grrr  xxx
@thehannabeth why did some boy call you a slut? thats so uncalled for.  xx cos you're not. durrrrr. haha.
bah, i just got up becaues my alarm clock crashed 
skool is ova for three weeks and then holidays r ova and skool is back  lets try &amp; make the holidays fun and ill make some youtube vidios
cant beleive that my dad met pixie lott and i havent 
@sapphire_city idk why i broke up with my bf i had because like we liked each other alot and probabley went going to break up for a while 
@edsaint government IT policy, it's all gotta be approved! macs would freak em out 
@sapphire_city yeah please dont puke after you eat and i have to go to the bathroom but i cant 
boring day already...i wanna see thomas  trying to find a 1940's american style romper pattern...proving extremely difficult
@icypop rubbish  ask simon to do a nipple dance? always helps for me.
just ran 2.xxx km, had to stop cos chest was starting to hurt wtc  stamina dropped... obviously. shucks.
@tescotennyson i dunno like on monday my throat started to get really sore  joanne u shud see my tonsils , its absolutely fuckin achin!!
eh 7 am kiln shift how i am not a fan right now 
aaaa man i hate ict .... i do not get excel  ... its dosnt process thorugh my brain.....arghhhh
@decadentdream no no no! not the fans LOL! it's make-up for the movie hehe. but yes to hiding him away from the crazy fans  poor bb!
so happy!!! well tom. is friday!!! SHOPING TIME!! got my orders already don!!! except for the skit!  huhu!!!
had a 12inch sub! feelin lazy after tat.. 
i miss laura so freaking much. damn i hate distance 
Catering to the over privledges poops of this great cuntry we live in 
wish i was going to glasto  footie tournie for charity calls on saturday tho!! lets win the mutha
mad at my mom for waking me up...... at 4 o'clock......becuz i left my game on......maaaaan....now i can't sleep......great  &gt;:0
@Nicolaarthur awk dnt b silly!I just wanted a purple cover 4 my wee phn  will just have 2 actually look in a proper shop now  pah lol
fuk fuk fuk forgot my ted baker vouchers again  ragin
some one save me from work! i hate that place..it's hot, sticky and horrible  boooo boooo boooo!
@katyperry hey katy sorry to hear about ur flu  hope u get better soon!! R u releasing a new album any time soon? I wanna hear more frm u!
greys is makin mum cry...n mabey mii 
@essexladykt  its soo annoying, i hate the ones wen u dream your falling off something amd it wakes u and makes u jump!  wat u dream bout?
@JFaceProducer hmmm...mabye, it was well scary tho  and the woman in it was my mother, but she didn't have the same personality :/
the hottest american guy just served me in costas. I feel like a traitor to starbucks 
@LauraDunne aw meen  have some green tea or watever the hell u used t hav ha.. k u gona buy it  ha
i miss @dea_freaky  i love you bbe &lt;3
ok so I've heard that @showtime757 clowns his guest after they leave  hope I don't become his next victim - smh
@aynat88 lol 'cos it reminds me of stuff .. dw i was just being a drama queen hehe :p aw &amp; i'm sure your last update isn't true 
finally got abit of sleep, not much though  bf coming round later though eeee
thinking about 2 recommenders who could recommend me for fellowship in human right... i don't have anyone in my mind.... k bha hola.... 
i dnt like ebay anymore  ahhhhh x
sup guyss,what did i miss tonight anything exciting, i had a terrible night,ahah nah its alright spilt a medium coke right down my front 
feels really tired of all these nonsense plz, haiz 
waiting for john, lynn and the kids to pick me up i really dont want to go anymore 
@LauraDunne yeh bu i need my mams credit card n she's runnin around like a mad cunt in work these days so prob wont hav time t send it ha 
@jelford *? and btw i haz skpye now, we can talkz lots now....=S though my  webcam doesnt seem to want to work 
need some rest after crying too long..  nytx guyz.!
wishes hoes werent invited to our damn family vacation!!!...uhhh...i need a blackberry... 
@orphan_annie had a great holiday! shame it's over though  how's the writing?
is busy text arguin wt her ex and wishes she knew were the hell she stood wit him  xxx
@ashleysapirate jkdbfljhksfnld girl ! i knowwww  its an orange tape ahaha dvds are for newschoolers, we go oldschool! ;D
@sln25373 aaaah! hope ur mum's fine! it's horrible when they find someones got swine's flu esp. if theyre kids 
On my way to the park...feeling bad for helen sittin ther on her own  sori we're all late!
@bianca_ox the money i had for the book i spent tonight hahaha.  i'll buy it tomorro during the lesson, i will be pissed if i dont use it
@Vanezzle pleaseee tell mee lo punya bb sayaaaang  we need alotta chat add my pin!!!
remember someone's words &quot;stop acting like ure strong from those shits.i know ure fragile&quot; AARGG 
Working again  had a good one last nite tho, new trike build took it's first problem free test flight  awesome 
@sav_annah omfg yess awww!! i love them soo much they are sooo cute! but im really devo they aint comming 2 perth for sway sway 
awesome guy.. i couldn't give up the luxuries of my life. I love handbags  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/25/world/asia/25kashmir.html
@kolorsbyIRF im allergic to their fur. asthma.  ooooh! transformers was awesome! abit slow on certain parts but overall thumbs up
nooooo skool ended n i wont c all my friends  I miss dem soooo much. on da brite side my sis is here from florida n I got a hair cut!!!
dang! its 6:40...I over slept!... y didn't yall wake me up  ... I got 20 mins 2 get dress'd &amp; b  @ skoo... ugh!
@ScottStader uuuhhhh! I forgot about the call! I almost played hookie! What do I gotta say again?  I'm not happy mr!
Going to court sux! 
fell frm the swing  
@evAllTimeLow haha, yeah, i love tap tap revenge, but i dont have an ipod touch, i only have a nano, so i cant have them  hah!
@jeffbowes oh jeff look what you did! @homelessamerica is following me now!! haha im  a jerk 
@tomwisniewski tom I think if I were gay and you were kinda on the line we would make a great couple! I can only dream to be gay 
@DrJovi  girl please! QUIT?! ur out ur mind I would b ko'ed erday I'm telln u I get that meannn sleep spell from 9-11 I need something 
@a__guy no windows here either as I'm in a shopping centre  glad of air con tho!
@vh1sCornfed  I'm sorry my lil chick-a-dee! I'm gonna give you a call next week...enjoy the rest of your time home...say hi to your bro!
oh god I am sooooo bored! i do'nt really wanna update cause then i'll have more updates then followers  but the boredom is takin control..
@katie_raygun why can't we live closer to one another?  i really don't want to go there by myself, but i just might have to.
@sian_sayer thanx sian thats nice init  maybee i like going to bed at anapropreat time not at 2 in the morning at the age of 11 no efence
@boudledidge before I scrolled down I thought you were talking about girl talk the dj and went  lol. But wow thats a pretty offensive blog
@LizS4ra I know what you mean. There are a couple of ppl I'm not happy about having as readers, but I can't block them 
@donniewahlberg wtf i guess me and u arent meant to be  i got joey in hand of marriage and jordan for my lover hahaha
@direzze so ur going back in fall? 
@DuaneJackson I know there were some bargains near farringdon, free rent periods etc... not sure re: victoria tho 
@emma_elizabeth cool what time you gonna be in town cos i start work at 4 
@owl_order aiya. i'm not short enough!  haha really there's such a saying? hmm.
@MagnumDollars yeah bruv just roaming in town...lol lost with ur music  feel bad...hehe
@aniqa_x ha! yeah was alright! my sisters went shopping in london but i couldnt go cos i had school!!  and i already missed last week lol
ohmygod no! take that going away, it's making me want the 17th back so bad lmfao. depressing 
wth? i'm hungry again! no wonder my boyfriend calls me fatty bom bom  
did sports day swear to god mii ankle is thumping wish i was as skinny as miley cyrus or katie prics 
ughh my dad is making me play on the B team of fh tonight cuz they dont have enough playeres!! haha but they stink!!!!  but im not alone!!
wake &amp; bake at the canal. austin's leaving for georgia now 
Idc about the domain anymore, I just want my baby to not be humiliated.  One game, pls?
im super bored now..!! somebody tell me what to do.haha and ive only got 1 cca point so far 
@joesgirl74 @sjcNKOTB saved at least on my pc whoo hoo result ! hasnt got dannys albums though 
i dont think i can wait until september 4 the new season of the biggest loser!! i miss tara already  off for a 3 mile run... oh the joys
@mr__askboutme hahha after my alignment and new tires im super pobre  i wish i could
is doing the final scores. So many things to do pa.  http://plurk.com/p/13xi9s
@FendiDotcom morning bestie! Y didn't u cum wit da bm to my job 
poor kid, this ia a horror story http://tinyurl.com/n8bxj9 bacteria eats off a kids face   if your gonna pray for someone today, he gets!
@lovefromrandom oooooh i love miami ink! wish kat von d would do mine   glad yr having fun!!
I havent seen my sister since sunday. I miss her shit tea  but i cant go outside coz I keep getting bloody headaches.
G'morning! I'm sad cus my back hurts and cus @miltonsolano is sick  too bad he doesn't like soup, I have hella at home.
@MarWeinaay you are to fucken right! i love u girl n yes it will be great aw..n its my daddys bday today getting old hehe..miss u hun 
@AttorneyHogan wow did i tweet that?? good business! but nah i paid the ticket apparently florida law says u have to pay nomatter what 
@petewentz pls tell me u guys will make a new album i am sitting in my room cryin my eyes out if u r done i hav nothin to livr for 
hates the bbc!!!!! ladies doubles has dissapeared 
@JoshwaHudson hahah i've already got my white one and green one in the wash. i for some reason can't find the rest... 
omg--can i please find a way 2 leave this after party? perpetual f'in vegas. 
@yurhighness What's your blogalicious deliciousness address? I read your first post (awesome btw)...but I didn't save the addy. 
Just had my last singing lesson  after my vacation starting im starting guitar lessons so thats gonna be cool.
Just had my last singing lesson  after my vacation im starting guitar lessons so thats gonna be cool.
I'm still stuck.....gotta get going....btw, the carpel tunnel in my left hand is getting bad...another shot? probly  not soon tho.
my sprint phone is not chargin....now i gotta show my tmobile sum luv 
@tommcfly oh tom, why do you never reply me? i'll kill you someday 
amazing night with llama and malcolm and megan&lt;---fuck the theatre! 
@brainstormprick broke ya record and i got 2 witness it  yaaaay!
I'm on brookes computer on piczo and twitter watching viva la bam. ?luv it? its 1:00 am and still in my skinny jeans. 
@emmajapan Congrats on being so quick for your double pass. Pls email your details to sales@fashionpalette.com.au to claim your tix. 
goodnight all &lt;3 goin to bed gotta get up early and get the fuck out of town tomorrow  canada here  I come
http://tinyurl.com/dg82p9  ok this might be in top 5 funny family guy clips 
@TissieTC I agree with you!.. @nick_carter doesnt love us as much as @brian_littrell does  ? cuz he comes and visit us at fanclub chat!
Also getting alpaca and ima walk it 
@carlos0312 yeah. At first I thought it was strange too. But I'm not complaining  I'm used to it now. I'll look it up.
&amp; i played that shit out till the battery died ahaha!...good nite everyone 
@msnichole I love purses! U shud send me some 
@GWUniversity - so if ur not ... who are u ? hahah ... u obviously 'know' the other one.... bucket list 
goood morning tom and dougie 
@heidimontag hey heidi ! i love you and your music ! keep on doing your thing ! much love and support ya bwoi SALMAN !  reply 
Chriiiiiiiiiiiist i'm tired...too old for this shizzit nowadays!  think will go get a cup of joe to wake me up
@dougiemcfly yell something like angelina jolie's on the tele! worked with my dog 
@BrokenRoses haha yes it did  i'll just say that my parents aren't available or whatever. you know for chi1 it isn't cumpulasary. ffs
loves the fact he just reclaimed a 1st class stamp that hadnt been franked  54p mine allllll mine :S http://plurk.com/p/n0e3f
@suitelifeofkell aww, dont say that! ur face ain't bad! its rather pleasant and in phil ritcheys words, &quot;plump&quot; lol hehe 
@splitreaction sharing one car at the mo. just bought macbook too. mite be broke but gee it makes me happy 
watching castle, ahaha its good 
hooray! got payed at midnight and then turned around and payed taxes about 30 min later. now off to bed 
@katexuereb nah its cool. we'll have spring rolls as a late lunch   ughh i hate this stupid english thing.
Editing more shots from the paul brown shoot!  myspace.com/evilcreations
@simon_elliott that's put me in the mood for a barbecue 
@AbbyJeanne hahaha @ALPHABETlQUE made it much more entertaining, ryan just had a big grin on his face, and i watched through my fingers 
@Carly109 love the new song. and the chorus is real nice and catchy.  gud job. who did the track and recording jordan?
@benpopps @richward @Wardybits  gt for whisky fans incl. a chance to learn how to distill your own malt  http://www.spiritofspeyside.com/
mornin all!  hope ur all well n had a nice wk end!       
@sirjec hehe absolutely  really looking forward to the whole experience 
@amber_benson oh no, the one day i didnt go into uni =(. if u decide to do the harbour bridge climb, make sure you go to the bathroom 1st 
@cuckboy amazin twittering! keep em coming ... it's super exciting to follow your advantures with your wife 
ughh. my eyes are hurting like hell right now. gotta shut it for a while 
it's great wether !! i love the sun and julia my darling yesterday it was so funny *smile* 
@billgates Ultimate of couse 
@nick_carter hahaha you're talking like you're some old man! And we still want to see a picture of that new haircut! 
@lizzie623 hahaha! You're pure filth you are! 
@lilipip That's closing the stable door after the horse has bolted...very funny tho' 
schoool holidayss  shopping 3 days in a row! gotta love itt.
@dotmariusz hm... looks like a nice music player to me 
@MizFitOnline normal workday for me. I do still have plans/aspirations to submit some info for the miz mag - honest i do. 
@ohaiijess hahahah, that's pure genius. you should get the nobel prize. 
grand theft auto dosent make you a player. 
@TomFelton  cool, hope ur bro is doing fine
@beelarge ohhhhh um I hope mine comes sooooooooooooooooooon! Does it look goog, give it ere lemme hav a look! 
I want a george bush. Someone should come pick me up. 
@emma1312 its great  cant beat going to the pub - although always makes me feel tired!
Messing with ryan sending him txts from vzw.com 'from god' is always fun 
loves listening to moon river - louis armstrong when she is going to bed 
@J_xox get a chance lk 2 them b4 or after it  xx
@REGYATES wait... are you in new-zealand?.. cause if you are, that would explain why you are not on the sunday show anymore 
ohh hello the championship's on on itv 4 
@deresbabyh har har, I dont need a break. everyday is a break for me, atleast right now  and I dont think youre in the new episode s;
@MellissaD mio means my...no idea what spazio means! hahaha I'll ask my dad tomorrow. 
jus woke up, had a massive headache last nite but now its gone 
@louise_fitz Yes &amp; I have two wonder-full adult stepsons who love me enough so as to tell me to call them my 'sons' 
@stacey79 My god, if all 5 were on here my phone would blow up.  I truly would not get anything done... 3 out 5 ain't bad! 
watchin the lil ones...and trying to get some of the dogs poop to leave on bro in laws pillow 
@LozJ94 hey lolly i suggest you folly @schofe @AlanCarr  @CHRISDJMOYLES  @REGYATES  @sk8mate  @xxandip  there is loads more but they cool 
@SoloRunner ah, well gotta love exercises that don't require equipment!  esp good 4 travelling. have mat, will travel. 
likes the old jonas brothers songs. they're cool. can't wait for tomorow. twilightt sleepover 
mmm, watching dancing with the stars!!! i'm in my happy place-Gilles is soo yummy  &lt;3
getting ready for school. listening to taylor swift!! youre not sorry no no nooooooo. hehe 
@danbimrose hi!  i am a hippie.a writer..ve had anxiety a few times..ive got babyboomer parents.n i really like your backround for yur pg
@joepolitics @donniewahlberg whats good boys? joined jimmy's myspace fan page... soldier #415 at ur service! 
@kona_russ the bickering in the comments is funny  any magic link developments on the way?
i am currently trying to start a new graphic site with my americano sunshine friend ashley ? i will update on it soon 
would http://identi.ca/ be able to handle the load better than twitter? everyone move over there to try please  http://ff.im/-1YoWv
check out some of my music  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgbvG0hljp0 gigi ill fly with you
@111adam Yes, yes and yes  I really like that gingham one. do you wanna try a vid chat on google mail at some point?
@SonyDefenceCrew already got a ps3 mate  tend to play ps3 for online games/exclusives and 360 for everything else.
has bin watchin spoungebob cant wait for hamburg  cum on city 
WOMANIZERWOMANIZERWOMANIZER... franz's cover is amazingggggggggggg - so much better than britney aha 
@nick_carter pleeeease! 
I wish my clothes smelled like mint.. No wait, jk  ily sam!
@nick_carter come on nick un can do it  make me laugh
its amazin that this has finally hit oprah! now who else tweets?! 
@exohmiamore i like twitter  i have no idea what im doing tonight, maybe watch a movie or read some john piper. how was datenite? 
@AmyyVee hey amy  hows are your holidays? good?
@selenagomez ,, i love the moments you have with lil kids they can make you laugh just at the perfect time  &lt;3 big fan,, love..taylor
Oohhhh man. At matt hansen's house hanging out with some legit peeps. Thoroughly enjoying the evening with @kaitkaitkait 
aww. that was the cutest movie ive ever seen. &amp; zac is ahhhmazingly hot. i could stare at that face for hourss 
@lizyap just the front cover beth on photo paper  all glossy n stuff my aunts got lyk 10 printers no joke all are multimedia 
@mtvthehills goooood dump him heidi!!! hes a loser! 
ha ha!  see girls I took care of it! 
watching what happens in vegas. woot to ashton and cameron for making a great movie! 
@wenightswam ohhh haha. season 3 is heaps good  especially the guy ripley special at warped tour. hahahaha. that's ok 
Lets jst say watch ths space, i LOVE the wrld of posibilities, makes life wrth livin  30/10/07
i'm hella happy. packing, dinner, the sam's coming over 
@jonathansutton hahahaha... that's the funniest thing ever. bek's always been the mom of the group. 
is missing olivia and jay  just saw a cute video though of olivia playing in her swing ;)
@ven_online giniling = grinded in filipino + arias, middle name )  No prob ;) We just need to upload things like pictures then promote! 
@CarterOrange the the bg on ur profile by the way... too hot!  ;)
hello any1 owt der cum n talk 2 me n hw do u speak 2 people wtcha go on 2 talk xxxxxxx 
the funniest thing ive ever seen in my life is jaime and john dancing salsa.... 
&quot;u can change ur hair and u can change ur clothes u can change ur mind tht's just the way it goes&quot; 
i think im gunna ear dresse alot this summer, i mean - i always do - but i got a thing dfor dresses latley 
38 special coming to crystal river fl  2 free pass drawing http://sunsetmom.com  thx 4 the support see u there fun in the sun 
loves living in florida!! its sooo gorgeous outside! 
@urbns0ulx no way! creative mind forces create musical ear canalgasms. you inspire me  (wht am I tlking abt?) i ramble huh? lmao
@zachflauaus pheww  mostly is frm bb.. There're pros n cons, u know, if we dun check on @ fast enuf usually they're gone replaced by new 1
@marty0518 Sometimes? and just a little cryptic? LOL! I am just messing with you.  You are a good sport.
@the_cool hehe, well i can't help u with that but i'll keep u updated if i change professions 
sonny with a chance on youtube 
Okayyy im out!! catch yall later!!!!! 
bk just had my break  now being beat up by chocolate filled children tut lmao
http://twitpic.com/3j269 - haha fine wiff meh then u can live next door 
@letoyaluckett remember this? http://tinyurl.com/letoyainterview we gotta interview again for the new album soon! 
@hyde_end ummmm, hadn't thought that far ahead 
anddd we're finally @ san antonio, &amp; i'm about to bum rush my grandparents 
ooo i just watched the new harry potter trailer  excited!!
listening to 'rodeo' by sido and peter fox: verrrrrrry nice 
Going to the mall wit jenna 
@MAbanto haha, i hope youre joking and know by now that 'if u seek amy' sounds like 'fuck me' 
@cheryllbear what about me in the playing with my youngest ad blah blah blah update ahaha you forgot about me...   
@petewarden nice photos peter, here in spain very hot now 
@mileycyrus this is taryn early im a big fan is htis hte real miley??? 
america was awesome  just been to molly's been on gutair hero(Y) and went in her hottub. was the tits ;)
@5DollarDinners I've loaded some great blogtalk radio shows on my ipod to listen to on my drive!  see ya soon!
sick of hearing about susan boyle! but loving diet-free saturdays with georgette 
@peyton_scott  how can you not finish it with that type of artwork, even the boys want you to finish  iv been dying to read it :] x
@thisisjennneral  you gotta know if anyone, I do the saammee thing  I just cant not do it. I saw the vid first i blame it on that. Haha.
hi @angelvamp696  ! thx 4 the fb  if u like go to http://nodes.fm/manatmouse &amp; get 3 albums of mine for free / donation  hv a nc we
@bodylikemind i got 4 coming in, hopefully i can save them all cos i lose a few to fit my brace 
@eBeth and paul macca and how much harold looks like paul and so on. It explains a lot about me  and my fascianations
@Sethhs23 @lizvengeance - ha ha thats right we do not care  @DonnieWahlberg is also a fine actor may i add mate
@rj_anderson It is totally okay! I don't mind..i have gotten a lot of great feedback so it is fine! 
loves a rainy sunday.....ahhhhh... my bed feels so goooooooood! 
thunder over louisville is buck  weather is great and its soo much fun
im off to bed, damn how can i laugh that much as i did this evening? sick! like a three years old child... childish. eh eh eh...  x nighti
is waiting for loft story (canadian reality show) to start; hahah soo excited 
listening to kate voegele (as always!) &amp; going to see 17 again tonight. wont be home till likee.. 11. soo text me! 
@ena2345 lets go all out on emo  / wrists
#asot400 lmao at mr sam, think of the sly dig at the track he's playing now and with what's going on right now. 
Waiting on smart-alec comeback from @seanbd 
@MiDesfileNegro i couldnt remember the word for trouser in german so i jst went ah shit  gd timesssl
@mileycyrus hi miley just wanna say me and my mates are big fans we always dance to your music and embarass ourselves great fun  thanks x
@scott_mills ahhh, in one foul swoop you have made me feel uncool haha 
@dear_gravity &amp; @tonyafathead early thx! 
is the new miley cyrus book good? hope so. ordered it 
@TigerMystic My pleasure.  thnx for ur kind words
Just finished watching my 13yr old twin girls in blackpool winter gardens dance show, well done, i'm very very proud  xxx
http://twitpic.com/3k3wx - sexy backs  oh yesss
@nick_carter pleaseeee nick i am miki by the way THE birthday girl lol 
Feeling crappy &gt;:| l0l about to drink lemonade vitamin water mmmmmmmm goooooooood  prolly make new video tomorrow.
@jl_x3 no, turns out u were right 
@snowball_effect thanx 4 the add 
@theroser when you guys come to washington state, you should totally crush that tacoma mall  PLEASE? lol
@HappiForever *bounces* so cool! we have a vry florida backyard-2 many saw palms.  our yard was our reason 2- 30ish acres woods behind us
@dannywood principessa26 is your biggest fan! hit her up. her name is sandra! she gave u the dog tags in london , ontario. 
@iJPanda I didn't say you were a man. You're a panda... my fav panda with a twitter btw 
I had a bbq stain on my white tshirt. She was killing me in that mini skirt. A heart dont forget something like that. 
@nick_carter you're like my fave disease! I won't even bother lookin for the cure!  yes i realize that was cheeesy!
@tina_angel welln theres a first 4 everything !  haha!!
I am tellin you...1 more hour of super linkin (meanin I am bout to keep promoting  your twitter...cus I want you to promote me   love)
@Yanakazman hey liyana!  did you go blues &amp; roots yesterday? james mrazzz!
@xlnation  what does  &lt;tx 4 tt!&gt; mean #xlnation ? Perhaps not up with the kids but sounds kinda rude. 
cant wait to hang out with eliza. my sis has a beauty pageant tomorrow... fun 
@h2hcoop yep my baby... i bathed emma for 7 hours 
@haedae haylee thats so cute! i want to see a picture of your pretty dress tooo girl 
darn psych sac..... plz tonsils get me outta this one 
saw the hannah montana movie judge me if you want but i liked it  so stupid tired right now though probably going to bed here in a few
I loveddd another cinderella story I think I just fell in love with selena gomez 
@chaydaw hahah baby! lol jay play  
jus added anotha 26 peo 2 myspace...feels good...i'm hotter than this nice chicago weather right now...get at me!!! 
@darkmerrick thank goodness  another danneel fan! I've already seen wank from the con  which is just stupid, imo.
@daisybones new header gets a thumbs up in my book, its kinda matchy with your blog header which =  (ie yr picture is in it)
wonders of technology, got the ability of goin on twitter, and playin xbox on the same screen 
@yeliz_ THANK YOU  atleast someone here has commmon sense. lmfao, jk x]
@MTcoffinz hey thnx for the follow  whts ur website url?
@oprah pls if u get dis twitter--kindly reply i wanna know if this works lol--im still a newbie and glad 2 c u here 
@nick_carter can you pay me a flight?? I can go with you, of course...I really like good music 
@Jonasbrothers hey there when are u gonna post the dates for the asia tour?? i am dying to know  much loves &lt;3 anne
@twilight411 totally interested...even though i commented on all your comments anyways 
k i gotta admit. zack looks daaammn sexy in this movie. 
@vthorne well if ur only drinking water, its no surprise ur not drunk, silly! 
#asot400 who is on the decks at the moment? tuning in from brisbane, australia 
@MussoMitchel could i please get a shout out or anything, i'm a huge fan i can't wait for the new hm tomorrow 
cmon tigers! Thats the way  funny how excited i can get when i dont even barrack for them *jumps out of seat* lmfao
@stacy_nkotbluva whats a cock rocket tell me lmfao 
@MussoMitchel could i please get a shout out or anything, i'm a huge fan i can't wait for the new hm tomorrow 
@MussoMitchel could i please get a shout out or anything, i'm a huge fan, i can't wait for the new hm tomorrow 
@MussoMitchel could i please get a shout out or anything, i'm a huge fan i can't wait for the new hm tomorrow 
@jreneebuchholz Thanks.  Not sure, any amount of creativity cud sav this event. Wow, I don't like bad karaoke in person, much less, on TV?
i've got flowers from the florist  and i have to get my hands on french like noww for tmrw's writing test  xxx
willow licks the floors @ home depo everytime  hah
@AboKevin italy is heading out the earthquake tragedy, economics are always tough but the company i work for is ok  how's in norway?
@xiape the most fun i'v had on 2 wheels, handles so good &amp; loves to wheelie,, sounds like thunder 2  http://twitpic.com/3l1ls
@rheapaine probably do...maybe forgotten....rack ur memory back to college 
@WhitneyHJ lmfao..poor audra..now ima play on her fone 
i really want to go bowling. does anyone like franz ferdinand? i have an extra ticket for wednesday ifn you do 
@mini_ritz i'm the same, was guna go for a walk, tho decided in morning instead 
@greggrunberg btw...fan of yours from long ago. During the felicity and agent weiss days. Not theses bandwagon heroes fans 
lmao at me hacking the besties acount changing everything.. &amp;&amp; acting non-chalant on the phone about it.   hehehehe 
watching tv. damn.. my wife did gain weight.. lol. oh well. love her anyways 
@NeilDenny hehe yep I love car boot!!!  Never usually buy much heh 
ok so I saw someone at coachella with a shirt that said &quot;sara palin is a cunt&quot; in big bold letter.... it was pretty funny 
@shaktijs done.. lunch via web 7.0, lonavla, chikki, waterfall... wah, an ideal sunday !! majja ni life.. 
@JackieRunAway hahaha no bag can match up with your love for the red msg bag 
@ashlieghhhjade shutup stalker go stalk a cat rofl i dont kno im bored ooo food im off twitter u later 
@xorfa ohyea cant wait, nice part of the beach tho we r so going to freeze our arses off haha hows the hangover goin... found a cure yet? 
@lesley007 I kno the feeling but unless sum1 steals kids i dont think il hv another lie-in til im abt 80. Coffees on - wot else u fancy? 
@radiostarelle how've you been??? btw lolol @ liverpool in the champion's league 
@ankurb hahahah browse chicks 
@michaelgrainger heh no, I just meant your connection to her is different than mine  I actually did get a hat!
@fhnixon hey I seen yall w/ hollywood undead at lavela it was UHMAZIN.....I wish I could have met you but oh well I luv u guys&amp; ur music 
Looks like the geek squad have their own fleet  #gadgetshowlive http://twitpic.com/3l4pc
lovin' the daniel kandi birmingham set, people!  and yes, a party should be in order every 100th episode! #asot400
@tori_is_here awwwwwww! did he play well? not much. played guitar hero alll dayyy!!! yaaaay  xoxoxo
you know how cool ps3 is? im on twitter from the plasma  fuck i love the northern beaches
@jordanknight no worries. my girl said ya'll were sexy anyways. remember we need an after show in houston too! thats whats up 
Playing name that tune with mariah carey. So far she's giving us easy ones...but they're all easywhen u know all her songs like me 
i JUST mailed out all my easter cards, but i'm ok with it, cuz now i'm the guy that will bring unexpected smiles to peoples faces  
#mw2 keep alot of the guns in call of duty 4 ak47,m16,mp5 g36c and add some new ones 
@herotozero is that the carrot revolution episode? gotta love it 
is off to the manc academy  cya there tbo
@mileycyrus may god bless u miley  enjoy the flight &lt;3
@kyle2crazy haha ohh yes, I think I have a new pair of favourite jeans 
in the hilton in glasgow watching girls aloud vs spice girls top 20...think we know whos gonna win 
@MariahCarey enjoy your night,mariah.see ya!     
@pcdmelodyt hey melody!  i'm up too...but i just got home from work a lil bit ago.  i'll be seeing you soon in vegas!   xo
@petewentz i care about saving the 'fail whale'  tehe, start your own greenpeace; 'petepeace' then dissapear after this one mission.
@nick_carter nick!! bring me fries from mcdonals! i love it 
@ randomusicgirl lol u said yr palm was itchy? Thats what it indicates... A windfall, lotto win, etc 
@selenagomez hi selena  i'm from malaysia, i love u in WOWP, just one question, do u have facebook? or did i add a stranger?
bob to the top high school musical porno. ftw 
@tilen @freeeky Jacksoooniiiiiiiii rocks!!!!!  itak.najbl awesome koncert evah  pa nism to sam jst rekla.
@mareenshere haha oh well great  ohh no way u do? thats really cute. well im going outside 2day 2 study at my frends house.the vampire 
@Hollywoodheat lol at least u know, gotta love grandma  no matter what, enjoy ur day
@julie_moore what type of glue will you be using! 
playing truth or dare wit daniel   is it me or am i loving him more evry mintue -_-  i love him heaps
has just got bck from walkies wiv the doggies 
is happy coz baby boy is right beside me nw, in my hse! 
last night was good  watched pearl harbour in elli's. ben afleck &amp; whoever plays his best mate in it is fit! anth fell asleep lmao.
@ddlovato awh   have a good sleep + enjoyy it there, i'm jealous aha !  &lt;3  whats the view like? (:
My 9 yr old asked &quot;if we have a blackout, will the satellite have one too&quot;? From the mouths of babes 
anyways sorry twitters. goodmorning  the weathers nice here already.i wanna go be a beach bum.lol.
So the balls shaving thing paid off, just got a serious blowjob and spunked all our her face  http://tumblr.com/xyc1m7ls3
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3l9e5 - looking goood. i love that t-shirt tom  i want it haha xxx
@fatihasharif pretty good saves loggin on the site everytime 
@milliemagsaysay buy me something from zara!!!!  :&gt;
oh man, green iced tea from tim hortons is heavenly.  walmart trips at 5 am are stellar too.  
tweets. its getting late tbh. had an avg day. but thats not v interesting is it. more later  atm: my nails are blue &amp;pink. aint that neat 
everyone listen up. i am not fourteen yrs. old. i'm not yet a teen. i'm not gonna tell my real age. please don't reply bad words to me 
i like sri lankan 'fusion'(language wise: sinhala + tamil + english) music. any recommendations? 
@nabbott you guys delivered one sick edit, team america ftw  btw.. which song / remix did you guys used?
Going to do abit of reading 
@petewentz i heart fail whale  but no one can beat patrick star )
Going to a barby and watch the footy, lots of stella lol 
@ZeinounChamaa kleenex: 'the pleasure of release' hahaha  wow, that is so wrong in so many ways...
I would just like to add that I didnt get up until 11.30 cos for 1 its a sunday, and 2 some idiot set off the fire alarm at 2.30am!!  hehe
reading her old sailormooncomiccollection, thx at gerard for coming new stuff 
@andyt5303 my german exchange partner from year 8 played handball  lmao
@kikimarie593 sleep tight, sara  when you go to tv.com, pls check out my blog.
@kleinjinx this is your back? omg, thank god for this sunday 
@MandyyJirouxx im watching a bunch of miley and mandy episodes  hahah you and miley are the bestttttttt
2nd wicket goon too! so quickly... preity, now your gloomy look is justified  #ipl
ehh , gotta clean my room  and booo , school 2morooo =(
@rgenena  Like a true geek, reading in ur holidays 
@shaundiviney aaa i love that mag  marina xo follow me
@ComedyQueen you are a nooooooooob  there we go sed it, lmfao, but as if u called me a gorilla i am mre of a pig tbh  haha
@ComedyQueen what a fibber.dont choke when your halo slips.lol 
Watching the disney channel.in touch with my childhood.im really getting into it. 
@lizzie123x you've got a prom dress??  whats it like?
@mackychan oh really? refresh my memory please.  the only genius i know in class is me. :&quot;&gt; who else? :&gt;&gt;&gt;
@kia21 I found you! You need to come over and see my place and bring the kids (leave barry) 
@Rocks4Ever no sweat  i have everything theyve released and i think its gunna be their best yet  have you seen them live?
@ashlee8renee omg ash I can do the hoedown throwdown, watch me get up and dance when hannah montana movie comes out here  not. lol
watching twilight but im listening to my cd player and playing sudoku 
@ethanonly #asot400 house party  uni secret night out. hahaha. terrible,. but it has to be done! cya!
@deborah_kate I agree with @tinas71 about whisking u away someday 
@i_am_lek either crank or dragonball but errrrrrrr it rained hard so there goes my sun nyt plans.  wuts goin on?
plp, have to go to gym and maybe swim, brb  see ya! #asot400
@brookedanielle_ ohh, right :S i knew you were a tom fan, but you were never as big a harry fan :L i can see your love for tom though 
@greggarbo @JohnLloydTaylor no way john taylor no internet on planes ahhh they'll all crash ahhhhhhh 
at sarerss; french toast latersss  good morning--&gt;eff youuu
i might be going to 2 jonas brothers concerts! ask me whats up 
@kimiko you mean mr fisherman?  rem i was saying he looked really familiar. i saw him on a b-grade movie. about warlords. mehhh.
@xo_patience HOPEFULLLLY WE CAN! 
@peg1039 hmm - did they happen to be his size of clubs? *thinking ulterior motive*  thx, but i'll pass on ur lessons &amp; stick w/ a pro  
@ComedyQueen lmfao well i should be good if not tell me off mwhaha,, and i will tweet info ina bit lmfao 
@claudiawinkle will watch on catch up love it but have to watch supernatural tonight mmmm sam and dean!!!  x
switching on my sisters laptop soon to watch hannah montana the movie!!... im deffo gna watch it 2day  x
ima start rock`n out wit cock`z on my icon kuz ppl suck`n me heavy miqht as well qet tea baq`d to 
With ashleigh goig to c 17 again @ 2 
@ben0n0them hello ben. your following the fake stephen fry. go on the people im following, he's on there  x
My dad got me a vera bradley cell phone case and an xoxo wristlet ha life is good 
@ItsHilaryDuff hi hilary! i cant wait untill your new movie comes out! i actually met you on the set of it with my friend! 
@TheRealMrsHyde oww! ur fast, lol! but no doubt mama... cool pic 
@aplusk awww. hope youre better 
Some random kid from florida just called and sang me a song 
@Nicolaarthur aww  at least ul have lovely goodies to take ur mind off it and then to eat them again to take ur mind off it  hehe xx
@mcuban go mavs, i have the spurs 
@daniella_v ps. i promised carm id come over once ur finals were over  haha
@munkeypunx omg a quadruple stellar conjunction outside ur house! where's the beer? 
@BaileyBeth hey I'll be online in like 30 min, speak soon! 
@mileycyrus lucky! that sounds fun!  have fun! &lt;333 p.s. your soundtrack is sold out in my whole city, san antonio. 
my room is a mess, don't want to go to school and off to bed soon, see ya morrow &lt;33 // Candyaddicted 
@britneyspears ur so amazing , every one in scotland loves u 
lmao omg i don't know what this man is saying, and I could really care less!  And why do people keep thinking i'm spanish lawd
@ashleeberlyn umm; kiss you all over, a song about u, body and soul, tell me what your sippin on... &amp;a couple more. theyre good 
@marshaambrosius I know many of ur followers tell you this but it's incredidbly sexy that u follow sports the way u do esp being a dime 
@MMofOz hahahaha, &quot;one of those dumpster women&quot;.... that is awesome 
@TLCbc    Whats ur best story.. in under 140 characters lol
@whitepony143 good to see ya on here, and good choice on the username 
ok my lame butt is going to sleep nighty night dont let the bed bugs bite! and if you have bed bugs maybe its time to change the sheets?? 
@jonthanjay hey keep strong &amp; heres something to make you  http://tinyurl.com/daamt9  im on this journey with you hugs
@SammieThomson im gooooood, just eatin haha, i am  getiing my twilight dvd in like 5 mins  wbu
I've been very tired these days. maybe i'm lack of starbucks? anyone nice enough to get me one? hahaha 
@fmll Ah, you go to church my dear, cant give you any ideas or free shows 
ive hrd the home improvement theme song so much i could hum it in my zzz w/ out missing a beat! thats real talent 
just finish my luncch  hehe gna watch a movie now 
@marcedwards don't rain on my parade haha britney followed me 
@emilygrace_bhb omg...itz like the funniest vid ever...seen it so many times already and still makes me laugh really hard...i'm lovin' it 
@missmiao gorgeous, me heart u. and i wudnt mind being ur driver cuz i 'lap' you..  hv a good week ahead!
@BrookeAdamsTBG5 good to hear it has benn for me too  ilu girl ur fan and supporter forev megan sparkes
@chelsea_playboy i would disown you if you went fully blonde  mwahaha ohh i want a rainbow dress *cries*
In form so shit adele and lauren here   boy its good being back in school... NOT!
is too small for tongans, too big for asians and just right for African American.  a matter of perspective
@mrbrown mossy song fun, intro beautiful  then you start to sing... &lt;roar&gt; still you bring a whole wealth of new words to my attention 
@JessLoebig this city is ridiculous lol... jk... the sewers in downtown smell like death cuz of the heat tho.. hope youve been well 
#musicmonday - listening to beyonce - halo - my latest obsession song 
goodnight twiggers and twitches...  oh yea , i cant forget gnyte @EvanXs21 ;) .. u get ur own gnyte  lol
@Jizziztheshiz just want 2 thank u &amp; jp! laughing at all those vids on youtube helped me a lot in the past few months! 
@shaundiviney omfg. are you serious? your the cover. well if your not then gayness. but hopefully hotness 
@jonthanjay try some jack johnson 
@andyclemmensen aww lucky bum! i love chuppa chupps  omg the orange flavoured ones are the best! &lt;3 xoxo
ive officially bin tryna fix ma lappy for 24 hrs....progress? zero 
@mariedancerr hah you need to chage it up evey nightt doll  x
its 6:17am.. not working today but going on an adventure woohoo going to bell island with mike melissa adam and steph.. good times 
@joshtastic1 lmfao well my mates say i have issues, only cause they dunno how to work it 
@palais1977 whats wrong with a dirty mind?  69 followers just makes u that more awesome  njoy your day hun.
replies will have to be made to the last entry of the song until it is complete. dont forget to put it in double quotes.er so interested? 
@MariahCarey lol im still up and i have to be at work at 11! watched it but was bored for some reason! u gotta watch slumdog millionare! 
@braveheart76 no probs 
@jimmyfallon  jimmy how optimistic are you about the red sox season so far?  I know I am 
@findingmumu - hehe, it could be a fake person pretending to be aiesec chennai in order to trash its reputation 
take a look at http://britney.marypascoe.com. i have some tips  @marypascoe how did you win brit tickets?
sitting on cam wide awake.. happy holidays everyone  www.tinyurl.com/jessie-lynne
@yvonneewonnee hehe i have my reasons lol but i glad you had fun at the bbq! 
@oneortheother yw ^^ i know how it feels cuz sometimes i spell hard words n i see no red underline n i go like WOW i'm smart 
@ammiisaurusrexx hahahaha her revenge Is gunna be hilario  just imagine her walking into a shop to buy condoms XD
cant wait for gene genie to fire up the quatro at 9pm 
@w00fy  Sounds like good advice esp since all the cheap flights seem to have gone 
@mileycyrus you're awesome, miley!  i'm 24 yrs old but i like your songs.. 
@shaundiviney well rnt u smart shaun. u must of had lots of fun tho 
nelson bay tomorrow     crap dang.. gotta pack :S
@ppinheiro76 umm... not really! i'm just more fond of making out with @isacosta through events  and that would just make you all nervous
btws, im sick of this like 160 character bs. so if I got more of my mind ima just tweet again  so pro joe.
now, dear gentle peeps all, i think i will go slaughter some demons in diablo 2. &amp; finish the scenario for fri night lotr rpg *bfeg* 
@muffyn71 welcome back to this hot &amp; humid land! hehe 
ryan's gone, he is my only friend ill tweet myself  haha
@TinaFey lol!!!!  hmmmm if shes goes for wax on the eyebrows ,maybe she could get a brazilian too, you know kill 2 birds ,with one stone. 
white horse.  by taylor swift
think im goin in my garden ...an enjoy the sun  this cheers everyone up^^
@jeffreecuntstar hitting a fookin skate sesh!!  your plannage?! :p x
@ddlovato its only bad when theres no sign but an alarm goes off...it happens 
@alist /hug alice - I will insult the humanities for you: those guys aren't real &quot;researchers&quot; anyways! 
@celb wake upp sleepyhead 
@AdzyUK might be a nce cheap addition for 'em ... looks like some major airtime 
@jesus_de_christ 420!  &quot;see how her clogs match her pruning sheers? thats no accident.&quot; hehe
@tweetie you gotta get growl support otherwise, I LOVE THIS. 
absolute garbage..    Just coz of this conflict had been for yrs u want to remain it for ever.? and if not ur.. http://tinyurl.com/cf788b
@jaredleto &quot;best band in the world?&quot; oh, i didnt know YOU guys were playing last night! LOL did u wish mr smith a happy bday on advance? 
@LittleFletcher you back tomorrow then? same!! ive finished all my english now  thanks for the help with the twilight thingy LOL xxx
@dougiemcfly hey dougie! cud u please at the man apollo sing ignorance, its an awesome song and id luv to hear it live! 
@SylviaDiscount visit to the city escorting marc's mum and the two older kids.. then inundated with connor's noise - he's in bed now.. 
@Linlina haha, okey, then a understand  (indian accent)
@asianpersuashun IF i could play hookie i so would! 
@rosie_rage right. we shall leave tomorow then!  might get a spot near to the front then!
@Dannymcfly hello dude! whats up today?? write danny (&gt; ok I go to the school but what prefier pizza or burger ??  haha bye!!!!!!!
@novarez hmm i guess you new husband? ha! hey i got a pic. of you when you are walking with hihi your boy. 
@HuliaMarie you are very quick...and obv tech advanced 
drinkin coffee with carlo and thanks bunny to make my day a lil bit betta 
@GDeLaurentiis you're amazing!  deffo one of my biggest influences.
@czort206 how can we care if u dnt have no pix..put up a pix and ul b amazed the amount of ppl who care...esp if ur a lady 
@KimKardashian ur very beautiful... i love your style... i watch keeping up with the kardashian! hope u reply tnx 
@erin82883 here too. i'm real quiet and ppl don't think i can be anything but nice. but i can! 
@lucky2bjes tweet tweet, toes in a sink.  xo to you
@AmyWal thats better  and cool playlist!
Finally nearly caught up wit ma college wurk tht i neva done durin the easter hols lol 
man scotts 1 and this damn fire alarm....you can never get any sleeep.....brb lls 
@jasonperryrock jasonnnnnn, hello sweetie  aww hehe your not a looser. and maybe you should grow wings ?  xxx
@robinng ok lah.. web designer.. half cooked.. hahaha.. learning to use joomla now..  btw.. have u heard of dot ws? mine is www.dennon.ws
@bajashoman hahahaha.........I love you!    It's cool!  I've have audio notes.  I don't need to do anything put on my headphones!
@arianneftsk arianne, find me a torrent for gg ep 21 please  i'm scared to download something fake LOL
@no_surprises yeah. And joe was busy molesting my arm. I was preoccupied with those molestations n my quickie w jon. 
@iamdiddy tylenol helps bring a fever down and make sure to drink LOTS of water to flush your system - get well soon!! 
got home from 420 party in newport beach!! hahaha fun times 
@matthew858 hey, if you've got a chance come on skype.. had an idea 
@penney1115 doesn't matter if they r inies or outies  the better to hear u with, my dear...
playing - until we bleed by kleerup feat lykke li  great swedish song search on youtube 
@taylorswift13 ah thats so cool that you are going to your 1st headlining concert! good luck!! I get to see ya in phoenix on may 21st! 
@mrsrayn the perks of working there aye? ;) best! hv fun on thurs! 
@irenex33 lol, of course clothes! and camera...hmm....sures  if i can find it O.o i kinda lost it...
@lydia80 those shoes are to die for! can pls buy wholesale &amp; sell here pls!!! 
@Celz29 yeah i saw the twin pack on the net on amazon or somewhere, but i really just want a p eddie 
@MissxMarisa hey i got another victim for you  http://tinyurl.com/dgmwdt
@MussoMitchel hey sorry, i dont wanna seem obsessed  are you and anyone coming to australia for the hannah montanna movie premiere?
ughhh i cant sleep....there is nothing to watch on tv....maybe i should try and read a book.....nah maybe a valium will work  heehee 
just talked on the phone for lik 4hrs with this guy i REALLY like and well he told me hes thinking bout asking me out 
@bojkowski heh, I'm like you, not so great at networking, need the comvo starter, like: hey I built mag_nation website 
who is using my name on twit? apparently im climbing everest myself this year! well uhmmm thanx 
@eric_michael no no you're fine  ohhh i had a dream about you ! i dont remember what you were doing though =/
yeah, finally i've done my mid-term project of internet english 
jus woke up feel good, back in london, left the sunny moroccan weather back 2 work &amp; paaaaarty 
@britneyspears yes and it sounds like britney blew there minds!!! She should be proud 
@trib I'll follow you so you, so you can follow me, so you can get some more Norwegians in your feed 
@tubatron yey for pain-free teeth!! congrats on the 22 years premier btw 
hmm mayb I do need a bf but just for the footrubs...oh and 2 kill spiders 
@marqueshouston if it ain't one online addiction, it's another lmao  ...don't you just feel like by loggin off u'll miss somethin? lol
@hudsonjeansuk hahahaha, well yeah I have been tagged in some pretty strange poses  hahaha
@mileycyrus hm,cute mask.I prefer the left one. 
@marco_cali thanks man.  i have a tendency to fluff a bit. i used that to get it out of my system. maybe i'll start it up again...
bachelor's series over at leslie miles.  http://short.ie/w6wgfm me like (these pics and being a bachelor) 
bored at home waitin 4 my tink top 2 cum 
@BarbadosInFocus heres my bajan face, my son http://tinyurl.com/cd5lwa 
everything good always comes to an end:'( so im off to french and math now:| but lunch after, woop woop  catch ya later x
@dressjunkie ur welcome, I know how crap it can b having lots of seeming pointless wrk 2 do 
In health and social with katy 
@britneyspears http://twitpic.com/3oknf - That looks ace, bet some blokes would kill to be in that position lol  xx
@nick_carter I was at work will u do recruiting again please? and what realm r u in? please recruit again i am a lvl 59 human warlock 
@libbyoliver nae bother - got them covered in prayer 
@TeeRibbzz well design it for me pleasee  ill give ur my password n shit
@ddlovato oh cool are u in germany ??cause of autobahn haha  omg why don't you give a concert here??that was always my dream to see you
@sofiesunshine remember your mission: &quot;hey danny! my friend katie loves you!&quot;  haha
@diana_music * runs into studio takes u outside * let's play hehe ave a nice day  &lt;3xx
@hot30 do you guys like demi lovato ?  she's awsome &amp; she should get some radio play ! xo
playing with minnie in trampoline. hahahaha 
@game4v em t?t GPRS r?i  sao twit d? twit = sms dc ko ?
@kpauline i know you can do it keips! goodluck!  and chill a bit, dear. hehe ;)
&quot;this is between alexi, me, and luke.&quot; um excuse me since when?! get over it. i don't care anymore. sheesh!! btw plz leave tara alone 
im gonna take a nice hot shower now...and sing uber loud until someone tells me to shut up 
@ddlovato nah, we'll all be fine.  Just make sure to wash your hands (elbows) often.  Also, wouldn't it be elbow ones-ing?  &gt;&lt;  
@mzalaina yeahh, don't be a nerd all the tym. party some &amp; enjoy life. heheh 
Training is over. Only had 2 ppls in the second session.  now to help out in the showroom!
made it home from soc. dept. party w/out making an ass of myself  and I got a cool mug. lol.
@dilipm hehe, usual narrow mindedness 
or should i say do you want me to bring some punch or jello shots or something??? lol  im excited i get to see your house.
 @rickswift #followfriday these ppl or catch crabs @KarlKleese @lpjdesign  @LostZombies @pinkraygun @BittenbyBooks @hippojuicefilm @zazzle
lazy saturday with sex and the city what more could a girl want....hmm a nice glass of wine would be nice 
trying to sort things out with joseph and ugh beth is just getting in the way and distracting me 
@heidimontag Looking at some good art grad schools in cali online. Is cali cracked up to all it's supposed to be? 
@marciaann oops i meant that for @marisaerin your handles are so similar  but we are all on the same team, quel ruse
I'm going to make the bf turn green with envy tomorrow when he is looking like milk hehe 
@vamps_R_us gotta go mum says i have to get off the dam computer. ill be back on later though. cy and thanx again 
bought a lauren conrad type dress and is in love with it 
im tempted to ask matt good if those 3 girls he took back to his hotel in each state for sw are also his girlfriends 
On youtube watching random stuff.  U gotta love dat website.
crashin....so I can edit and do inventory tomorrow...oh yea and watch 4-5 yr olds play football! 
Off to bed guys! jus got off the phone wit my white boy nite nite 
oh there is ine slight twist, naf is meeting me to film one lap of me in just my snake print speedos for my next epic lee balboa video 
In vegas.....its bout 2 get crazy!! I love fat tuesdays 
@mileycyrus Just stopping by to tell you im one of ur biggest fans and you inspire me more than you know   I hope to meet you someday..
tired.. hehe but still playing re5  .. tried killzone2 a while ago.. no luck! blahhhh...
@kshakya didntt ya click on the link?  its soundgarden - like suicide (acoustic) ani u done???? dang!
@cposion i got the new ds systemm with the camera  mad cute it was suppose 2 b 4 mymy but she b acting up smh
played guitar hero.  its heaps fun. u shud get it. 
@redrobinrockn hehehe... I'm no techie either.. but out here us lazy indians use d short-form.. saves space too 
@FashionGuru awww guru imma take u out on a date when u get here im talkin the works u gone even b able to super size!   i know im sweet
@TatianaMzPretty so please don't mistake my persistence 4 ne thing beyond that...but I would love to chat w/ u a lil more if poss. 
hellooo twitter   ahh, waiting for bridget hurry up, fart head
In a club and they playinnn alll tx shit! Tooooo geeeked 
@ravensymone  what it is  girl nelly here biggest fan. just watted 2 ask u do u hav msn or bebo ur like ma idol  bye mwazz oxoxox
@mrhunker if u are a chick u dont mind having a girls night. which means we discuss likes and dislikes...u go first 
@KimberlyDoll super true  ps: congrats for the 4 months !! So happy for u !!  ?
@DawnRichard studying!! and no dawn!! youre the shit!!  lol
@jason_mraz you have a free soul i guess...thats what i like about you  and your songs of course. sweetness!!!!!!!
@Matsubue heheheheh... i'll keep the offer in mind  thx thx
@tommcfly rock and roll all nite by kiss. 
so naf showed up we did some warm ups then interval sprints then filmed my one lap in just speedos lmao dam it was cold 
@RealHughJackman i'm going tonight in melbourne, gold class.  my sis is seeing it in singapore.  we're comparing notes tomnorrow 
i would call her&lt;3 but she is sleeping. and she needs her rest  ily andrea! 
text it up yo! ask fo the numba 
ok lol i have no idea how to import music from itunes to windows movie maker.... plz help... 
@werecat1 thats what i do for a living sweetie 
@f1r3f1ght3r haha! I was a huge Subhumans fan, hv all the singles on vinyl 
find yourself in dublin, ca? go support my friend @KathySklavos and hit up the extreme pizza off dublin blvd and dougherty rd!! 
@jbruin I know what U mean ? soulja boy crank dat video ? &amp; do not have a good answer for that. It's just 1 of those things... 
its taylor!!!! kenny's sister!  sorta.... soooo hyper! but people anger me. (tom and ashley ='(  ) muahahhahahahahhaha -tayyy
@taylorswift13 hey taylor what r u up to? my name is abby cramer and i am a huge fan of ur music!! i wis i could meet u!!!!! 
Scratch that rumor. The mill was internal. We start recording nxt wk. All about big, hairy, audacious, label-pleasing singles. (stop it 
@CoquitoQueen Its not very fair havin to work saturdays, i feel bad now cos i'm going to unleash the force at the may day rave 
@Tehren_Anaiis bring it..if you can remember  jk
This @djspinna event at the echoplex in la is off the hissy..at capacity..another #fusicology sponsored jam gone gold 
cock-a-doole-doo 2 u 2 bud  /made 4 new peices today / mutiple strand memory wire bracelets/ very nice ea. 1. feels good
imma take izzy with me to manchester today  imma sneak her in to cinema, she will fit in my bag. if not spikes mum can dog sit.
@martinclarkLDN ah. not a fan of the quo then.  I think it could make a great tune...
Just sittin here thinking about him, He amazes me  Lets just hope it stays that way cause like i told reza, ill just go lesbian lmao
@justin_fox clear nviews of twittermania 
@charlimon haha your mint! come on msn if you can we need a natter 
@madartista hehehe round here that is modern 
@justineville try going on the chinatown tour, it's fun. as in, in the phil. 
@LetterElle  did you like my crazy northside comment?!?!?! hurry and get ure butt to my casa so i can do yo bangs!!!!! 
@Trinityloren 4:05:14 seconds of goodness with youz  I never even really started the story though..heheh
watching what happens in vegas 
@omw2thetop @sexired31008 @mz_lala8701 @HarmonyLovesU follow the new member @22chanel22 and give her a warm ass welcome to the team! 
@vranac http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0756683/ this one? nope. looks promising 
@fashionsuicide hehe iya gw uda liat post nyaaa, later maybe if i have the time 
they said the one worth your tears wont make you sry. I dont think I agree with that. o well...to each his own. 
@jen004 so your a blips dj huh. cool. I guess i will leave up the music while I get ready for work. 
@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/49e35 - it's funny to see you serious with a bunch of aluminum foil on your head!! 
greeeeat friday, rutgersfest wit my tutt butt, sweet 16 for the young cuzo, and partyin it up for my roomie's 20th, time for breakfast 
@ soulclap hahaha u must be @ rise  eli miss ya fam peace and blessings april
going shopping in london on thursssssssday  and maybe wednesday for a bit. is anyone else? we aughta meet up 
@michellebrosius also has a vBlog http://tinyurl.com/5sau9b (shes finishing up the album so nothing new lately) &amp; can follow @imogenheap 
@NickJoeKevin01 the live chat,wot websites it on?  x
@stacey_baby ohhh sorry i only saw a portion of it.  Now i can see the whole thang.  nice i like it!  thanks for joining in  how u doing
@AravindJose have a nice and safe journey dude, and do tag all such tweets with #bck5, makes it easy for us (not attending types) 2 track 
couldnt wait til tomoro so rang the boy  bliss
@scottyoshimoto haha gosh randolph gets special treatment... adrienne and I have twitters too 
thinks #asdfm is the awesomest  Also, the asdf is all on a line (just noticed with the 'f' and totally botched the rest of teh spelling
@Dogfoodlady pooh patrol  ha ha that's going to be my new phrase LOL gas too it's the one time the dogs have no interest in ya ...
@archiedorable ow that's ok dear .. ! btw, buy the may issue of @TotalGirlph magazine !  so awesome .. it has @DavidArchie poster !
@boysnoize u are so dedicated to what u do that u deprive urself from sleep. thanks for sharing ur music with us 
@balaji_dutt ah it's ok la...life is like that  anyway i've visited the loo and I'm a man at peace. but the place is still chaotic. re ...
@Macherieamour hey cherie!.. what's your next project?.. loved u in pieta.. 
@Dorsy hey girl whats up? its boring here but its sunny and warm.... 
@VixxieMay we are very well dandy pandy sandy mandy    if dats makes sense  xx
@tommcfly i know my english teacher is preggers too, its an amazing and wierd thing tho!  x
@delilah88 Almost everything  The sun is shining, its saturday and there's a big BING on my face 
watching x-ment, the last stand. lol.... just made a dvd of my year 10 camp experiance 
ONline and  now i Have to go again cuz i ahve to go shopping  see ya twilight is amazing 
recording bits for tonights show 
And @tubbyloo offcourse 
@sarah448: No problemo. Haha. I could be.  I'm a fan alright. 
@kaeokepani dude, i picked up uber cute stickers from borders 2nite.they're squishy &amp;pretty.we gonna continue R post it notes?i'm ready! 
just woke upp . . . bout 2 make a baqelll . 
Hey @jonasbrothers *hi! its devon&amp;chloe  our dad was wondering if you could do a genesis cover sometime? that would be awesome* #jonaslive
@LizzieMacfrenzy yuh n just seen a old woman with a beard:| just need to get some new fans for the comp  doing much today?xxx
jessie came to the mall anyway!!! 
the climb - miley cyrus... 
@walueg hahaha, I hazn't...I just enjoy a little gas on the fire every now and then! 
listening to &quot; girlfriend by : avril lavigne &quot; i really love avril she's so cute&amp; nice person 
@Beverleyknight hope this works: http://u.nu/7cr3 or a simple pic: http://u.nu/5er3 what a capacity for remembering my tweet and name 
@wayne_etc late reply, but yes, &quot;in tent city&quot;. 
@ExoticMoonflowr hahaha!! enjoy your sugar rush!  Always nice..
it's robbie williams time ^^^ listening angels -and through it all she offers me protection (music) I officially n deffo love this song! 
@judykyho ~ my dear judy ... take care ... ... 
@adgigonzo see u still haven't changed ur makeup  
@richa_august84 arey silent killer is online actually right.but dont know where i can get here  I once got it for free when I bght shoes
is anyone driving though oke on there way to mikes at some point, because i need a lift  plz
@joshpollard not when the #redsox get stuck on that channel cuz the damn Broonz keep winning.  
come on pacman! tonights ur night! do it for all da flips of da world!!! 
@jamiemcflyx LMFAOOOO well lemme know a sap  ask your mum etc, cos all my friends are in travelodge.
hmmm I should really do that english homework...can I be bothered though?...nah lets go pack for young leaders methinks 
hahahahah!! a piece of my truck fell off  just a cover fer nothing important.
Haha nice rofl  I'm still playing xbox yay!
@ddlovato i have no idea - didnt take spanish  how many songs are you doing at wembley demi i love you  x&lt;3x
last nights believers never die tour was epic  @petewentz awesome show! loved that you played patron saint &lt;3
@poonyq Have a good rest bro... you need them for yr roadmarch tmr 
dani, eat, dance, oulets, desi. woah, thats a pattern. bye 
On the way to texas in the car with mark and barry!  yippee! crazy boys! lol
@heatherXpink The one thats all stripey in the background and has the songs all round it  haha I didnt have room for them all!
wat's de haps folks...x hope u enjoyed ur first of may....x 
watching guess who. love @aplusk. and bernie mac 
@pony_und_kleid  ...but the german *90210* voices are ok! 
malouda's hair sucks! i'm slpy... yay, man utd~ @shesgoingbald i talk to you tmr!  night. dream a funny dream so you can tell me, HAHA.
@asphyxia05 i woke up at 4! i told you my body clock was screwed..i slept at 5am btw..haha! i played cooking mama2 in the dsi of my sis 
@jacqueline47 hope shes quick about it.lol 
hmmm what to do with the rest of my saturday? well i need to do laundry so i'll prolly do that, then play some prince of persia on wii  
@WhoJedi - dolla dolla bills yo  when do we see an appearance in vegas??
@red_underthebed yea dont give up ya day job ducky! 
@Cheleeee countdown till sundayy  have fun with maxi ohh xo love u
me n sam just watched camp rock 
high as hell. i haven't been like this in forever. watching mtv with cindy. 
is avin a bbq  but then bk 2 cardiff 4 work, but shall b cumin bk home hehe
omg a cloud in the shape of a rabbit how cute - omg a rabbit in the shape of a cloud even cuter  ha that made my day. i swear, for dur ...
oh @tubilino you're part of the california conspiracy!  overnight from albuquerque, eyelids closed, drivin' t... ? http://blip.fm/~5fcd7
@MaryBeverly  send some sun this way plz    .. nyc calls for lotsa rain
ima go buy a pair of dickes. I neeed some. 
@tatangoIn the bus on the way to get my new ford fiesta http://twitpic.com/4f0tc You sure are!  That's a fact too now!
Going to make a backpack for poor ppl.  Goshh i am so nice.
Is gone for a run with erika 
1 of the highlights from last nite: i asked @fngkestrel about wrk &amp; he told me all about garbage collection on the android phone, drunk 
@morgankaye93 okay, so mitchel musso is much cuter in hannah montana! He just looked funny in that movie! Haha 
Wish me luck bout to go look at sum more houses oh yea n da weather kinda cleared up 
@Thehodge hah,I did the same thing, same with dvd -&gt; bluray 
@downhere my husband did that on a trip thru canada. sorry 
@lilyroseallen happy 24 lily..love your latest album so much! i think i listen to it everyday! love from tokyo  xoxo
just been to see the hannah montana movie  it was really really amazing even all the parents there loved it! 
i better call my bro to play poker  Does anybody good at poker?? im not really :p
ughalug knee still hurts but feeling better, ouh and going to the movies tonight avec jenny ! 
bout to go make something for my lil daniel 
theres nothing better than dancing like crazy and singing at the to of your lungs to girls just wanna have fun with your best friend! 
work w/kayla and shannon.  then sleepover with my kaylabest after!
revisiting my remember maine album. wb is a genius 
@jessbadger that's awesome! tell sam congrats!  
@Bonjovibabe -the photo's r amazing..i went to that show on the 25th aswell  was absolutely amazing,n cant wait for bon jovi t tour again
im watchin the kentucky derby and its makin me excited for next year's derby!!  cant wait! get to wear a big hat and dress up real cute 
going thru new followers &amp; wanna say - I SO appreciate the real ppl out there! many bogus twtrs cropping up - so appreciate real convos  ~
watching the phillies their wining  cannot wait for the jonas brothers live chat
@Hibippytea  how's ur sat been?
yess ii see myself on the shaw crackin tonight ! 
@jc_123 ahahahah fuck you! i only take 2 a day now cause my doctor changed my perscription!  and then maybe 2 tylenol if my head hurts 
@Noufah lol it' ur choice to live healthy, understandable, but thr r some things we cant live w.o like football, cars, food,nd soda pop 
@awpoordidi hahahahah well I appreciate the effort 
made bank today! thanks girls.  for reals 2 rounds...that's it?! haha he knocked the shit out of him his short hair shook! hahahaha.
@jensen_ackles you guys have a convention??? man!!! i live in cali, anyways, i love the show, i've seen the bloopers 2, haha very funny 
@metafisix oh hell na that was all me my iphone doesnt support gaysket ball or any other sports! So baxk to elite 
@hojepoje haha i'm at home   wonders of youtube!!  been craving a boston visit like none other though!
@rishabhkaul Thats because sex is better off without a rubber 
Hoping pacquiao loses just to spite shani!!  love u shan!
@llort_live yeah it was the tv movie with the 8th dr in it...they should make another one 
@SoulReader ok so then.....what's next for the sould reading? do i emailu?? sorry i'm just still a bit confused. thx for explaining 
How about we go with a half slut, cause you gotta fit that in there with what he did. 
@JaeBlvd asap.. I need you to put it on a link and a pic playboy stop fukin playin.. get one of your assistance to do it for u 
theres an italian guy wearing an awesome brown tod's boat shoe...  theres also a poklen lady wearing a fake chanel bag. my god.
@vanessll hahaha oh u will ahaha :p jk but nopee no shoe boxes  today at wal mart the cashier didnt charge me for this thing i got lol
@paula_abdul_fan hahaha i'll just enjoy this days without school 
@balaji_dutt ha ha ouch  you know me too well. i did finish reading two papers tho
@bookofdaniel hahaha the ring i want cost like 10 grand 
@AlohaArleen thx 4 the heads up. just blocked as a strategic pre-defensive counterstrike. 
Reply @djnuclear yeah I take naps-i don't sleep much! Lol-cool ill ck it out. -i was setting this on my blackberry 2 
back to playing fifa09  ciao
@Dizzywunda dizzy my dude wats good..welcome back! 
viewing hdb in jl membina. super cool! and best part is they have dryer  mmm...
filipino pride! people's champ!pacman is the best ever! 
Is loving 3am video by eminem bein played back to back to back to back on fuse 
i havent worn shoes since...friday  tonight im wearing my hello kitty jacket.blazer thing 
@Galiiit lmao thats a good one. we havent thought of that one we have hobo weekly. hobos day. the daily hobo hobo life and total hobo 
@LauraWhittaker fine i don't get hangovers and i'm allways up early no matter how drunk i get 
@leenkwan I believe so too  you can do it! *breathe in breathe out. hehe just like that!
hahahahaha i just posted the &quot;tongue song&quot; by trina on my myspace page! lol.. wasnt a vry classy move, but im feeling fun 
vouqe keep ur head up u r 2 beautiful 4 all that bullshit keep ur eye's on the prize 
miley cyrus- the climb 
denny's is good when ur drunk!  thanks u guys for a great night!! happy bday jeremy!
is going away on aquatics camp 2morro, love nothing better than pt.vinny 
@jenniebeboo both my feet are covered in band aids and they hurt like a bitch hahahaha. i had so much fun last night  did you have fun? xx
@vladzaharia yea, i remember when i was at brodway camera the guy kept pushing bags, cleaners, software, warranty etc. I refused them all 
@kacieyourmom yea i found it, glad u feel that way haha   i gotta bounce though callin it a night.  peace!
@garnerandrews http://twitpic.com/4bu52 - your mean..... 
@kathlynanne lol i know! even here my bro gets excited with food, haha. i'm crossing my fingers for this december 
going down at poetry  come say hi to the clv fams stage table bottle poppin! cashmere frm ray j in hurr lol shld I swoop on her? -ms.amy
I'm actually taking a dump and twittering  hmm , looks like twitter is good for SOMETHING at least...
@arnikin: good, peaceful  I like twitdeck too. Y don't u try twittering frm ur phone?
Oh And btw that soysauce and egg thing dint work out ppl... ..andy roddick.. U owe me a couple of eggs..  win wimbl and we'l call it even
@Pifiz ahihi .. 100yrs old ?.. woah ! try to put off your eyeglasses to look young ! 
@the_zac_efron hey zac! do you have any plans on visiting your fans here in the Philippines? 
I love going grocery shopping at 2 in the morn. There arent any lines 
@Iamwaveyk: ha yeah I love that u did that!!  uk boys r crazy!! I left them still partying haha!
just got back from seeing nick that was fun =p lol  but shit party last night! soo boring! haha but whatever 
@funtimeshelly hmmmm you need a rub down with an oily rag   hehe
@ohmeabby: no probs! we're kimbum's lovers 
tonight its a story from london,2002, body parts every were! nyt nyt tweeters ive gotta watch this  mmmmWahz
@steffy1diva (cont'd) and just coz u didnt win u will always be nom.1 in my heart ='] i love u lotss sis  and u hve an amazing talent!!xxx
@alienhead hey sorry for a late reply  i am good back in vienna. whats up with u 
@torilovesbradie heyy not yet we were just looking for one we liked there were a few but not sure  how was your sleep wy did jett want? ox
@julian_ceasar greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat sexxxx tonight &amp; great nite w.julian andy &amp; the boyfriend of course . NITEEEEEEEEEENITE  tweeters
@krystynchong cuz we've no lives? 
can't get enough of hurricane haley. FTSK rules 
@ArunBasilLal I mean post photos to twitpic or posterous.  #bck5 #bck6
I'm kind of waiting to ex-haaaaale hahaha at xs. Waitinf for the bf to get outta the cr(comfort room) but he's out 
@figh Ah decent excuse... 
lucy and i delved into previously unexplored territory on friday, pib and pog, jeffrey, morph and chas, the storm... frolicksome times. 
cba to get dressed today, still in mcfly mooooooood. can't stop looking at pics. gona upload a video to youtube ina bit 
@heidiheartshugs no hun i think u got it right in the first part...it's a big wank...not good. Who r half those ppl anyway? 
@MonstarPink as far as i remember thats not your first gay make out session dream, eh? 
@selenagomez @ddlovato hey guys h0pe u accept my frnd invite on y0utube..  
just got home &amp; eatin chinese food. wasnt able to watch pacman's fight. glad to hear he won though!  HELLOOO TWITTERLAND!
someone donate 5 dollars? I wanna buy some advertising  http://dylan.combs.tv/about donate button there
@Sophhs yeah ive been watching! god those boys  lol. whats your msn babes 
@colin_gemmell give me a bell colin, check your direct messages 
@villykassiou yes its cool... new album feels like ages. I wonder if the wl lads missed us as much as we missed them lol.... 
church was gooood. hannah montana movie now 
@trent_reznor bet you didn't mean to cause so much of a fuss about it 
@rei_0 send me naked pics, i promise youll feel much better 
Justins piercing me snakebites this weekend =D i only have one lip bar though *sigh* i need another one. AND im drinking tea, oh nom nom 
is going to wear his new sexy blue top, which he got wiv trisha yesterday  !! lool x
@MissPressa hahaha. The high light of the logies was me stuffing my face with mercey valley cheese.  channel being changed asap
yest ws reli fun!  town ws clas crac then we al went out for t, ws nice! :L altho never trust clare wit a box! :Lshe dropped the pressie!!
is a tad hungover but nothing that a roast cant fix yum 
Going out to play some football in the sun, out come the boots   http://twitpic.com/4h2ra  http://twitpic.com/4h2r7
off to watch XMEN: the last stand.  brb ^^
@punki331 I can see if I can stuff a moose in my bag....idk though 
ok. natalie bassignthebrfererb hasnt won an award yet  gretel killeen is the worst host, rove is awesome and kate richie looks real bad :|
@innocent_kitty mee wants to drive to that frikkin lake 
Feeling lonley as I sit here at my pc writing an essay for psychology...with only music for company. Really cannot wait for tonight tho 
@topsurf we keep the young one in our good &amp; winning thoughts  the whole crew here wants to lose our voices when shes in the olympics 
Just got back in from bein out in teh car 
@HelloLizzi  ohk thats dodge  ell well i bet it will spongebob or spider man or something lol what do you think it is?
@claudiatan we had um 'luxury' foood  and alot of wine  and yesss i wished we were all back there together for the first harding service
@indrawati hi sissss  uhmm idk whether i shud say i love it here now or not ;x internet gettin slowwww, its difficult to come online......
last night was abit shit, but my house smells of boys so thats an upside  x
@rosehwang sure dear. you'll the 1st one to know when our eurotrip pics are up on fotopages. 
livin' the good life *big smile* have a nice and lazy sunday ppl 
Just found out how to post pictures. boy im slow :L.. so im gunna like post lots 
lastnight was so funny! bit hungover not too bad  prob need to tidy up really!
hollywood party? hmm.. 
@taylorswift13 hey taylor  i hate it when you just try and try and you cant get to sleep! iloveyou, please reply. itll mean the world! xo.
i'm jealous of nadia. goin to meet sexy welsh boys! she might be getting me an autograph though cos shes BUFFTINGZ  ilher
@CHRISDJMOYLES  hi chris big fan of the show only 1 thinkg wrong with ya u support leeds  o well
@petewentz u should fly to argentina if u have to fly south, and come visit us with the rest of fob  i loove u guys! xoxo from argentina
@themodernlove course you can!  (wtf is up with creepy eyeliner richard?!)
@cali_chica welcome to the ranks of twilight ans, it is a really good book.    I love them all.
@Carlynhaaaa ahhhh. Thanks a lot  btw. I'm embarrased for not knowing @markhoppus (so many followers....)
@avighosh ure d first person I know dat doesn't like wolverine. I think seeing his hot bud is good snuff for me 
@lonemat hehe.  *winksy scrambles under the pillow (fully) and is instantly very happy*  frankly that made me happy too.
@Connarhea awhhh  guess who has enough ucas points to get into leeds met anyway  me  if ive worked it out right 
@nemobeatz hope tht u had a great bday celebration, joel...nxt time I c u, I'll giv u a bday hug 
@DonnieWahlberg http://twitpic.com/4hbmc  a pic from manchester nh show that i took that i think ull like let me know what u think 
ive just realized that i can completely blow off my finals and still get a C in both classes!! hmmm...my inner slacker likey likey 
@JennXOXO ohhhh exciting!!   studying to the max!
@blctxt @alice_wonder alice is good people and that a darn nice banner  i will def check the music
@cooloutrageous all the blessings have a gracious time in the house of god and im lookin forward to seeing some pics  
hannah montana movie with my six year old neighbour  good times.
@BrodyJenner twting u like ur a friend lol but its true cant trust ne1 its sad but sadder is I still hope I'll find some1 I'll be able 2 
@trent_reznor  breathe.. you in.. slowly..
road wars marathon on sky2 until 10pm. amazing.  rofl. and hannah montana movie tomorrow eeeek. &lt;3
@LegendaryWriter  lol  ive lost my creativity....i can't think of anything to write anymore lol thnx for the concern 
rocking some nina simone style dark ass hip hop. is damn perfect for a lazy sunday afternoon 
@mumswhobake Congrats on the website - can't wait to have a good look at it later 
hangin around, chores...ugh, fun weekend tho, broken noses, volleyball, nd bombs 
@adrianweckler nice piece on terri-bly prone in the biz post 
@ludajuice @ my mama house n told her love u lady she sd aww n get yo ass out my kitchen absolut bottle was lookin halfempty last time 
@bluehefner i dnt have no plans today foreal . but i think ima have to go back up accokeek wiff my big sis to get my nieces 
sry i meant to put bored not bore. watev that means!! HAHA!! 
@fueledby http://twitpic.com/4h8xm - wooow, nice breakfast ! save the red heads 
@abby_c i should be in that bag 
@projektcancer where in the world did u get ur story line- as ur profile for space.com, esp the dark stormy night part  hahaha
@DestineeParis hey girls! you rock. sad sara left. she was really good. bye. 
@laurzzzz yeahh atleast you dont have combined gifts for xmas &amp; bdayy 
@StephanieLynn07 okie doke, see how this chappy goes and if theres anytihn you wanna see hapen in the future let me know 
@cristina_jacob  thanks for the follow, i hope you'll have a lot of fun 
ok...done playing...gotta study &amp; drink my green tea frap!  x
@gwopboypro...as soon as I touch the crib im going to check out ur music space page. the kid in me is draggin me to see wolverine 
@xmarksthestott2 Gotta hate a guy who is 15 yrs older, who looks 15 yrs better than you. 
@pink http://twitpic.com/4hc06 - cute.. i think my wyatt got compitition on cutest dog. bubba what a name lol.  (sorry about spellin i ...
had dinner with my love. And going to his place to play indiana jones lego edition. I love it! 
@donniewahlberg SERIOUSLY?  i'm in cambridge... just a hop, skip, and jump away! are fans allowed to come by? 
@therealamina haha. yes, you can. disney asked me to send in a headshot of their camp rock 2 casting workshop this thurs! 
@hello_jodie @_EdwardCullen_ and i were joking around about hearing aids hence the almost detention haha! 
@AEMusic omg I know! it was soooo good. and its doesnt hurt that hugh jackman is a beautiful pile of mann. hahaha 
hmm gotcha. good luck with that  @erin_alisha
Watching hannah montana.  and watching buddy run around the house like a maniac, hahah!
@davidarchie love ur voice!!! your an excelent singer!! ill see the episode 
@shamara99 yup right-er then when u raise ya hand in class nd have the right answer!  LOL
FINALLY. i'm done the frikkin speech yo. shower now 
@sup_ashley my guilty pleasure  have fun!
@MoralThreat hey its your gig! just give me a cut thats all  and I already have a creative commons license on it now hahaha
@evanmakesbeats HAHA! dude, lets get a job there together. i'm applying next june  lmfao.
So I'm peepN game I see where his head at, I'm beginning to hate this nigga mayne. He is way mre difficult thn me ugh..cud b y I wnt em 
french class over. go go beat @itshiva on game ! lool 
@AshleyWondersss  hahah, operation kidnap 
ahhhh my god!!! i love the weather! i can't wait for the bats to come out!!! mmmm i'm just feeling really good and positive right now!!! 
@rachel_noel awe congrads  don't worry i think you just need to grasp the fact that he is yours again Grahmcracker
so im at sarah's house for some strange reason. random? yes. but great 
Sitting here drinking water..but hey, i didn't know openly christians wear bikini on tv, sup with that. maybe just nuns are to cover up 
@nlite helllo micheal sin and chem buddies  good luck with chem!
is chilling with her fab four! (aka chris, joe, and schaubs!)    oh and writing her paper for emotions and behaviors... =p
sorry for the double tweet, had 2 c if I could blip this. it's worth a double play anyway  ? http://blip.fm/~5iw1b
rly? i hate idiots! going to eat icecream n watch tv n pity myself 
everyone cross ur fingers this goes through 
waiting for desperate house wives to come on   follow me ppl plz 
@catspyjamasnz ohh you reminded me, i need to collect some pens  (husband likes em)
low key nite 2nite............ need a break 4rm goin out .....movie nite w the boo @ home 
P.S. I now have 654 books. It's a sickness, I tells ya! 
im pretty darn gay. i can't wait for christina to kiss me thru tha phone tomorrow.  goodnight people.
danielle is making fun of me but i love sam if that means anything 
@slapedUpWenzday lol thx I have a flawless manager jus ask @shaddyTee and @elevatedagame 
@velashleyraptor its ur couch charge them by the hr 
harry potter 6 coming (hehe) out soon... im so nerd-ish 
@yoitsadrian  i'll have to tell you about zac later...he's a cool kid. 
@vishrutshukla cool.... thanx fr the prompt reply..... enjoy 
 disneyland fireworks!
@ThisChicsFlava i understand exactly wat u saying...imagine ashton kutcher keepin up wit his 1mil followers 
@christina_car lmfao!!! omg that is such a priceless moment  hahaha and yay! i'll have to make reservations!
@mileycyrus love love lovedddd the hannah montana movie!! now just listening to old miley music 
rly though we've got 2 zzz. nite twttr. vivi wants U all 2 try saying twttr lyk she does. that'd be w/ an australian accent. its fabulous 
@beziat: We need some fresh recruits, dood.  
@donniewahlberg at home wishing i was there and tell jk  tink! 
its safe to say dax shepard could not get any more attractive. god he's hott. love his voice...watching let's go to prison 
@kate38381849 haha. she is great. looks like a kiddo. 
@ericxcore umm i'd like it if you paid me a visit!!  umm pretty sure you and I need to go to one of his shows...soooon
drunk in new jersey. i like americans &amp; cancadians  but also: yay for europeans in new jersey ;) haha. i never want to leave&lt;3
@savvygrl ive told my mama allll about my trip that im planning up to the land of ports with timmyhammy as my copilot to visit you 
@bfrankahf well im at home i thought we were going to party after the show at your house or something im having a bast aswell 
This is tha only place u can &quot;follow&quot; someone n not b called a stalker......jus a thought.   
nice daw yung picture ko hehehe 
super tired man.just took a nice long shower.layin down and ready 2 go to sleep. So ya god bless and lets dream of jessica alba 
@zoelovesarchie chace is as sexy as he always was hrhr haha what dougie are you talking about? 
i dont care if mondays blue! still ill be spending it beautifully with or without you! 
at home juz to take a quick shower coz a lil' boy with scabies juz hugged me. oh well, at least he's cute  off to cardiac clinic now!
@chriscornell so my friend locked himself in a rm &amp;had a make-shft kareokee sesh to an audiosalve cd last nite---it was hysterical lol 
@csmith57  omg, you have 1566 pictures of yourself on fb.  haha!  woah... head rush.  luv you, my dear!  even after 15 years. 
@gay_emo_zac ok, i see you ignore old...female...st8 people, so see you in another world 
@JonathanRKnight ok im off to bed...xoxo hope you get rest tonight....hope to wake up to a twit pic...or a direct message  hahaha
@kate38381849 Taylloor is also one of m faves.  no need to compare.  haha
2am, got that fonee convo I wanted w/ mii gordo! 
@neptunenicole @ediediaz no real reason. hehe. just blue. hehe. nothing sleep wont fix 
yay! jacobs home! i missed my big bro!  so happy! thanx god!
@anthony_hill i just got your @reply to my pocket-tent photo. ah,that still has me laughing 
@officialTila hey mama..just dropin you a line to say...wassupppppppppppp 
@gone2croatan btw, if you really are turning into him, the upside is you'll have a great mustache!  
whats 1 of ur favorite words? please talk to me?? my fave word is spiffy.. i just love saying it.. you look so spiffy. 
@strangelypink can i plz borrow ur purple frog hoody? 
@jasoncastro good stuff! gotta luv waffle house's!!  i am feedin myself too right now, not with waffle house tho =[ good night to you!
I love my disneyland annual pass! 
@Lenerd88 lenny talk 2 ur manager k fine diva find time 4 me  lov u is everythin okay u hav a =/ unsatisfied look on ur twiiter? u ok doll
@bill_archie BIlllllliiieee Jeaaaaannn~~~ lol yeah, true. But i like the quietness.  Ah forgot to put the @ sign. &gt;_&lt;
@Pinkgasoline tazer fo sho? LOL and mace on the keychain? lookin' out, girlie, 'tis a scary world 
@anna_black it be up tues. he was a cool bloke he even joind us for a beer after the event   how u holdin up
listening at the shrek 2 soundtrack john powell-true love`s first kiss 
@tamihackbarth - was cool. did not know anybody but jp, jm-s &amp; mm. pix are up. fun bunch. u would be happy to know jp &amp; I talked yoga 
@thisisPaige ill do it tomorrrow, pinky promise  ps you should comment my pics
@astroengine I haven't decided. i have phone calls to make 2mr. sorta pissed right now about that lol blip powering me on! 
@MrHendricks nigga u know ur window aint got no screen plzzzzzz dont kill urself ova a song  lol.......taking it down for the night!
http://tinyurl.com/dhr5st ngaw and gabe rushes over to see if she's okay 
my birthday soonish.    wanting alex pardee artist book.  my hero- fer sure he is really.
@amyyyishere why do you have 3 'y's in ur name? anyway, hi! post something. your page is empty  (ok, i'll spell ur name right this time)
@Mattro heh, i meant differences between b3 and b4 
goin' to casa milan's club house... 
@DonnieWahlberg  &quot;donnie rocks&quot; if u could only here it my 2year old runs around every where sayin &quot;donnie rocks&quot; 
i likee you  a lott lott .  think you really hot hot (8) good night 
took mr timothy for a run, he's quite fast if i hold up his bottom 
@jaackyx ha you'll do fine! just be positive!  &amp;aha i know huh. wht a long conversation. i remeber you and allyson did even lnger ones! x]
ok that is a simple smoke generator ... but works and mae a spot relly more interesting . 
Following @perth_aisa These guys could be shifty but worth following regardless. 
@zem42 I cannot tell a lie. I did. 
@keza34 lol The sun is hiding hes having a lie in  hows you?
i hate bureaucracy. ahwell... aussies still going good 
@_josh_thomas are you coming to sydney?! cool, where can i meet you? id love to meet you, you're my favourite comedian 
twitters from her seat in the exam hall! it starts in 15mins. pray for seat 299 in MPSH1-A to be blessed, oh and for wisdom to flow.  whee
oh it's #musicmonday  How about a love story/viva la vida mix: http://tinyurl.com/dyvzsa
@tommcfly i am glad cos u wouldnt lose me as a fan anyway  i get to see you guys on saturday evening at leicester  it better be good!
@charley_bum lol *30 minutes slow* in a sec  i was just having fun tearing down old posters and putting up new ones 
@RealLadyGaga hey.just putting it out there.. you should come to townsville next year..elton john came in '06 n loved it. it was great!!! 
is walking to tesco with rhiannon and hannah to hide all evidence of lastnight 
thinks malibu is the drink for me lets all hit the bottle  woop woop xx
@joeconway ahhh.. what about the others? like #hoppusday and etc? I'm such a spazz 
endless set list... very long... grueling almost... also, sent to gordo's cell cuz he's no longer communicating with the internet in 140. 
@ceeemmess hi cs, welcome to the twitterverse, if i can help with anything, just ask 
ok my friend is about to dye my hair black scary i know, ill try to post some pics tonight if not tomorrow for ur verdict 
@twilightfairy ah well diff in opinion, no problemo 
is such a good big cousin as shes taking her little cousin to see hannah montana the movie next weekend 
@sera_bishop  sez need to get u to look at my flights again  will email ur work tonite 
Watching the hills  arghh i lovee itt ) makin r liam watch it with me haha... girls aloud in 15 Dayss cannot waitt too see cheryl x
is going to have a relaxing, hot bath  goodnight for now then twits, &amp; dont worry andy i love you more than twitter hehe
@iamdiddy If I knew it was gonna be this kind of party, I would've stuck my dick in the mashed potatoes! 
going on a picnic with my dad - atleast i persauded him out of the idea of walking &amp; cycling. yum, special k. 
@aplusk oh good luck on the movie 
@stephjacko hey, you know the trailers before hannah montana? is there a jonas brothers 3D concert experience trailer?  x
@chelsea_anstee i hope! its in expo! that would be amazing. im trying so hard to make perfection so it is. 
@BecaBear 1000 = make sure it has the word poo or balls in it  Underbelly DOES suck balls... I gave up on it in wk 3.
has got my xbox back  , i have a really sore knee cant walk
@sebby_peek mkay :/ did you tell him on msn? bfgurelgbsr yeah, i guess so, i don't know if i like it, i'll wait till i get your opinion 
@danger_skies  but gi is team edward, so i'd watch your back :p
@mini_ritz alrighty, thnx  good night.
I'm eating a flake storm from hungry jacks. or as americans call it, burger king 
@jazzwerewolf lol. i get about the same reaction when i mention my new goal - kona triathlon now that boston marathon is done. 
      hmmmm.... i wonder how she my number @-)
@louisecherrie fab!!! although don't think anyone could measure up to the standard set by jason donovan  !!
@azkikah the idiom?? doesn't ring a bell eh? hahaha. y'are really thinking of food?! nope. actually in the bathroom. teehee 
@pete_witty  yes france/belgium was good  carnt belive how much traffic we hit on the way back
doneeee wheeee hahaaaaaaaa so tired and sleepy  peter u suck not coming to my bday!
is on cloud 20 minus 11, razzle dazzle in amazement cuz he showed her heaven! 
@abbyhangsi thanks gail  imma try this one day! looks yummy! geezzz. after my siargao trip nlng pla. heheh.
@shahpriya nice luke quote  goodluck on the test u have been dreading.
okay really really bored. i watched a michael jackson concert from 1992. he's awesome  and his short films r coolio too (:
@KarenSindayen hey we were doing the same thing this weekend! but it was for the kiddos...gotta love ikea 
@deversum I've gotta watch out for those stealth skillz! I always forget. 
is 500 words into a 10 minute speech on 80s teen movies. due wednesday. blah blah. can't wait for the glenn ball! 
Looking at my quince pics, ahh good memories.... To be young again....  Lol #fb
On my flight headed 2 denver...see yall in a min 
@maenad_au my pleasure... hey it was played at my going away from nz party back in 87 lots   so it is burned into my brain
my mate megan is the best thing since sliced bread. i loveeee her 
@spitphyre arre seriously! They shud take his sperm nd clone him into 23 yr old single guys 
@raihanamcfly LOL! salivary gland?? frm those little flies?? no way!  alison=drama queen  oh no, ur brain hurts? a new brain is growing!
@earth2mars definitely dont be offended. im messing around with various twitter apps and strange things keep happening. 
@denise183rd yo wake your ass up  and go to work  go get that paper  u aint sick dont lie
@mcflyyerr yeah that's trueee  i can't wait till the tour dvd comes out, that tour was so epic (: and the backstage material is hilarious
@denise183rd lol u better hurry up cause your ass is running late and whats for breakfast 
@mythalez Scii-fi effects definitely look silly no doubt but its worth a watch inspite of that!! 
ahhh bank holiday slept late now going to dinner in my sisters whos a real &quot;monica&quot;  hahah and im late il get cold dinner now 
@lancegross http://twitpic.com/4vd89 - such a good looking cpl!! can't wait to see what kind of kids y'all will have! 
@bandit_zero its cool, and thats good 
dont worry baby i'll eat sum cake for the both of us , i'll hit u up wen i get back. bye, dont eat too much at home 
#pens...steigy...no politics hun...the obamas are not watching hockey 
thx for the tip.  how did you figure that one out?
@Kohmahts ReTweeting's my favorite.    #palin
@teacherPaddy hey Padster...it's a dirt track.  thx for the info! I got 3 miles in 
Yay - star trek really is &quot;that good&quot;! happy to not be let down  gotta see it on imax now...
@diana_truong sunbae* my bad jst scratch wht i said  im talking nonsense here.. lol!!! enjoy the perfs 
awww i bought my mom the cutest things for mothers day  woop woop mee expert shoper
@kiwi_kikireestl nooo. you were on my yahoo account. hmm. i wanna say b2k days. idk fo'sho 
@JaySodmg heyy jay, wat's going on witcha ? &amp; do you want a twitter background ? you already know i gotcha if you need anything. 
@laurie_pooh what kind of party do we got going now? 
@minhteeeefresh haiiii sankQ i'm fineee ima js get a checkup cos my rib hurts LOL idk but i shall be fine ~ thanks 
anyone excited for harry potter like i am. damn twilight postponed my first love   oh well off to find some hai chai
@mileycyrus when u get a chance can u post a video of tinkerbell saying peekaboo i kinda wana hear him say it 
omg having so much fun watcing house bunny, courto isa a ledge for sending me link  &lt;3
So theres this boy. Hes so cute. Hes got a six pack.  yum it was fun touchin it.
today was alot of fun. i love my family ,sammy hernandez and caitlin hughes.  goodnight!
@trswift hahahaha nice. i gave up on bio cos idk what the hell i'm doing, so hello chem 
my skype is - laqueshaa (just cuz everyone else is saying theirs  and i'm such a loner D
@annaeeee my youtube channel? Demilynnmusic haha cause I love 2 sing &amp; stuff so yea 
@gleannignacio hehe true. i wonder what he will come up with 
@nickiminaj pleeeeeease pleeeease make me a dj drop 
@erichalvorsen @LorenBrinton @nicksantino i say you all tour again. same lineup...with austin gibbs! 
says gots my mom a digital picture frame bout to scan pics of her wedding n all that mushy stuff  http://plurk.com/p/su3eq
@jtimberlake rocks my world!!!! soooo funny!!!!  &lt;3
@mollyroloff tell zach &amp; jer I said happy birthday!  they seem like cool brothers, youre lucky haha
vacay in san luis and i'm pooped...in a good way 
watching ace of cakes  its suwweeeeet they use alot of fondont or howeva ya spell it.(:
@Gabesmom The creeping charlie is what happens when I neglect the yard for the whole spring!  Thanks- &amp; @bergus would LOVE to see yr dogs!
i'm defying gravity. and nobody in alll of oz, no wizard that there is or was, is ever gonna bring me down 
@ultraviolet10 the only thing I know about star trek is the joke from tina fey's twitter, &quot;may the 4th be with you&quot; 
#snl...you've gotten better  keep it up
http://twitpic.com/4wh0l - im in love wit this fool from college hill 
bout 2 watch a movie nd drink wit martin nd leslie 
@kgthagreat yea tre hood claim thats atl theme song which it aint!! lol  but its a youtube vid. that i posted yesterday
im gettin off nd watch a movie nd have a couple of drinks nd shots   ill try 2 get get back on if i can 
i look like a horse in my sam's club card picture because i couldn't find my hair brush. hahaha possibly getting noah tomorrow 
@roberto121 that's some serious shit steve. why didn't you send me pictures or call me!! You know i love a good yard sale. 
@iamjonathancook here's a quote for ya: jesus built a bridge with 2 boards and 3 nails. 
http://twitpic.com/4wl05 - I love this picture, hate this kid. But hey, he's looking at me...lol 
juss came backk from Berkeleyy ; omg its madd fun out there  havent been out there in a minute . whassqoodd ?
@bradiewebbstack hahaha my uncle does that coz my aunty is a whore who left her kids 
@steve_berra happy bday stevie bee...and if u want followers u have to get a little more tweety  may babies r the best! i'm the 12th 
@veropperez great!!  i've gpt tp put the lyrics in, finsih the background, then go over some writing, and then done!! 
@Spandexx hahahaha wtf dianne????? who twitters that lol...i guess it depends who the person is.....  
@andyclemmensen would that just eat away at your masculinity? What masculinity did you have? :p haha u'd probs beat me tho  haha xo
gotta hit the hay y'all. big day with the kiddos 2maro. i love being a mommy  much love-- lil
@colinkelly thanks colin hearing that bad knee Imor not il crawl over the finish line  your a wee star
just watched what happens in vegas  it was really good
I'm going to see sweeney todd on stage with my best friend for her bday today (I know I'm going to be the one who sings along!!) 
Hence the smiley face.  ha ha ha ha. Lol yeah i'm hong to be tired as fuck tomorrow. But guess what i do not care.  
@netmogul actually, i play keyboards for pohaku lol. we played a 12st bday earlier and now i'm spinning at the shack 
http://twitpic.com/4wppe - we are one hott couple  eventho this was a few yrs ago but we still r
@bluecat7 absolutely tru...the horror of it still washes ovr me sometimes if i think  abt the actual last days, but the gd memories go on 
@Emoly_ really!? that son of a bitch, screw him, ill talk to on msn later k  xox
The frank black (and his wifey) show was aaaaaaaaaamazing  sd trip is made!
@lrpw1302 hey ty for tip, wifi networking is one if my many talents  I'll get on it when I can be bothered LOL
@johncmayer if ur as awesome as i think u are u would sooo write me back  a lil something   &lt;--- crossing fingers
@demiswissfan awesome  thats what im likewith the song paranoid. its stuck in my head! and i love it  lol xxxx
@melidm luv the vid!! can't wait to hear it live on summer tour  luv how d always shows is drawers and nice moves by joe mac..
@IshraSharif ISHRA!! haha, cassie ventura? ...not after her haircut! where were you yesterday during the beat music awards? 
My mom doesn't have twitter but imma post this anyway ..... I love you mommy 
the globe theatre rocks.......nothing better than romeo &amp; juliet as it was supposed to be watched 
@dougiemcfly hey cant wait 4 u guys 2 come over 2 jersey woop.... hope ur lookin 4ward 2 it coz we r  x
@saltyshutter cool beans, yeah man - no prob at all 
@MileyCyrusRox25 iam eating pizza, want some??? haha.. 
@mileycyrus i think it's fun, you gotta hide, and defend from your enemy, fun huh? 
That's cause you are old mate hehe 
14 dayssss ahhhh super excited   'they're telling me that my heart wont beat again'   JLS were awesome yesterday (:
Has got to go to work with a slight hangover gd nite thou 
@courtpet hmmm no but I am member of knitterati.com.au what is ravelry offer? 
@murrion nope.. sliverlight is client a side tech 
@28doomdoom28 I saw that on jonas too  But where is that line from cos I've heard of it my I can't remember where?
@RobPattinson444 hello  i am ur biggest fan, and i rly carnt w8 till new moon comes out! good luck 2 u nd all the cast filming  xxx
mcflys bus driver told my dad yday that dougie is smitten with frankie. AWWWWWWW. also, we are going outside to have a lawn party  LOL xx
@digitalpainted oh mann das ist super lustig  du armer... macs age 2 months, battery charging NO. garantiefall...
@cssglobe hahah, you own lab.hr  I own lab.ba, seems that we think in similar ways 
says gud eve guys.. lets play poker@facebook yeah!! cant read my poker face  http://plurk.com/p/sw4yq
@wendy_fred6 *shivers with fear* 
@tiMMMMMMMMMMyy I ran into my old elem. friends too! Small small world, but didn't you just graduate elem. a couple of years ago...? rofl 
is tired, grumpy &amp; feels like sh*t...so just gonna have a little strop to myself before todays stage starts...then all will be well again 
@noaphrodisiac aw yeh i got followers who missed it 2 they r spewing like i would. Its @GeoffFields bday 2moz it should b a good show 
@tommcfly u need 2 learn the tune thingy tht he plays on tht huge floor piano 
@michaelmagical ooo we'd need thermal wraps for that no doubt 
i cant wait for wednesday. tash and bex's pop star birthday, dressing as karen o which basically means i can wear all my glitter 
@Wilsurn well need more opportunities to use it and it is my first big boi cam  (din know how to snap when i 1st got it!!) but like canon
@Rachiee_caff awwwwh thats nice of them tbh, but glad you found your cam 
going to the cinma in 10 minutes to go see hannah montana movie 
heading out to dinner with my mommy and family but cant figure out what to wear dont you wish magic existed at times like this hehe 
@vr000m and flirting with the latest hot babes in the arena! 
@itwasatrickpie billie no mates? ;-) your 1st reply so will see what happens. I'm downstairs, so can't chaperone you 
@laureenn13 i will after my dinner  the brother is gettin a french stick at sainsburys so i wil come at lyk 2ish?
@jamie_oliver awl, u guys r a beautiful couple! happy mothers day to jules 
@jordanknight woo hoo! Congrats! What's the next phenomenon ur going to start? 
our song - taylor swift. my current lss. taylor's sooo awesome! 
GMTV: ok, lets just hope they have something for christmas.  (Latest post by allwoodley) http://rly.cc/d7h2P
takes care of his peeps 
@ShazGV yea &amp; in another one my school burnt down   idk, they were one of the first things i thought of when i woke xD
had a really good time last might thanks charlotte,alison, lukey, piers, emma, the other luke, mikey, and jess  ?
so now it's time... to ask ij anything. hey hey you can ask ij  i want a personal ringtone... RRRANNNDDOOMM
@cityslipper LOL!  We're trying cock-a-doodle-doo this year 
i'm in sunny cambridge, yay!!  now where the hell is @nikki_louise &amp; my sexy crew??
Just drew the checkered bkgrnd 4 my art hmwrk......its preety but makes ur eyes hurt lol x 
please pray for my uncle, and happy dia de los madres 
@kate38381849 hey, i memorized ur username. dang!  haha
@claudiamcfly i've got the promise and harry singing and them dancing 
sc6 gathering at adam's ytd; got to play guitar hero on wii  jess &amp; clari didnt go; drove home from church today  FINALLY after 4months!
@lameBIRDIE aww thnkxx for the luck! i relli need it  n am back for lyk half an hour or sumthn so yea v can talk now.so wats up?
@redeuxx ooh now you have a perfect reason to get the kindle dx 
bonne chance is indeed french lois :] and i agree with erin.. last night was awesome times 
@FUCKCITY Thanks so much for last night andy, you played amazing.You deff worked the hardest outta anyone 
@mcr_fan_club  I don't know.for exmp. you said nah,hmm,Haha. you use this words at forum .I guess i'm not only person who recognize lol 
@benz87 Think its me, lol! I seem to have frightened it away - I always knew my legs were so white becoz they reflect the sun! 
Watching hannah montana and waiting for everyone else to wake up and pay attention to me 
Hey tweets wuts evryone fav singer rite now, who u rolln wit on da hip hop tip!! Lol I'm too silly 
@sarahfrance O pooh, you give too much credit! haha. But I'll look forward to hearing frm you 
soz i havent been tweeting been super busy, ill be back later cya peeps &lt;3 
@juzagrl its not working in my pc, when i use a different pc ill try it haha. aaww super friend tlga kita, thanks girl  have fun at bora!
@cheryl_ann_cole 'charloteemily' please follow me  im a big fan, and your like stunning! hope the tours going ok! please reply, xx
@matty0_0taylor I think you've got your anatomy confused dear, the whispering thing? Thats a mouth  lolz
@Sparkoid oooh! &lt;batedbreath&gt; I like the avatar by the way  @anniemole all that grazing took its toll @chipster no more than a normal one
looking forward to playing at air conditioned supper club in venice tonight w/ beth jean, dan holman &amp; olaf thomsen...&amp; hang w/ friends 
@lo_ferrigno ha...i cant get big if i tried.....blah..skinny girls rule anyway 
@aaronkickass hiya i think you are great in angus thongs and perfect snogging! very nice picture  are you working on anything? xx
Just caught frost and nixon-my kinda movie  - http://tweet.sg
@mexiana_76 pshaw! I do love when you go all ghetto mexican, though. do it in person and put it up on youtube! 
@vicodin_martini i know!!!! haha im gd...my flatmate told me to go on it haha-she twitter mad lol...aw thanks chiick  &amp; yeah same!! luvit!
ha! got a red pimple? - put some eyedrops on it  it really helps- old hollywood trick! 
flo rida=pleasantly suprised  lady gaga=insane&amp;amazing. kelly clarkson=best&amp;fav of the night. bep=huge disappointment,couldnt hear fergie
@james_a_michael well, they never want to be paid...because they're moms  give her a big hug instead-it's worth more than money
@LimaBeantheGrey it is so good - do you have a trader joes by you?  We love our tj's food 
yayay kyle is giving me his itouch  cool beansnig.
@sarahhlynne okay so i dont know how 2 comment on ur profile picture but if i did this is what it would say: sarah, your cute, i love you 
@shimritby same here!  There needed to be reminder about us putting on some sunscreen.  At least we won the olympics 
someone is a little twi-gger happy tonight  @RobGodfrey
http://bit.ly/7c0ya  --&gt; my facebook, add me if you have one 
#leg ; japanese culture thingy  with mr harrison. LOOL awesome.
@berlyyy michaela has already established that fact, kim.  illegal. ahaha 
@Turrislove09 hahahah ! true that and tell him he wins like a ride on a zebra, and never give it to him !  hahahah @zachsang whattt now &lt;3
kara keeps telling me &quot;that boy is mine&quot;?   its ok i don't care.  i'm glad shes at church with me 
@kristaduhh ohhh gooood.  in the mean time, enjoy and fap while you think of me, dahhhling. xoxo
watching hannah montanna concert dvd so nice better watch it... 
@melissaa18 hehe k, then help me pick out accessories 
@hantu @mikefoong No nvr record, I was minding my own business when I heard it, almost spat/laughed my wine out lol 
@dtrix wow youre with pacman  awesome! I cant wait for the june 13 show with quest and marvelous motion 
@WOMENONTOP hey sweety if you need to email me  i know i sent you the 1st one (4 the charity) but we can also chat on there &lt;3333
i am aware that solo does mean shit outta luck, but it's also that standards of learning state test for virginia..don't hate 
@GGGKeri yw &amp; yw  of course i missed you and you are such a cheese-tease! 
dear @mscriter2u @FLWbooks @SuzanneReed @crisxmusic @noswal1... @oprah fan @henriclaude needs 4 more follows. will u help him? thanx! 
@mahogany_soul  I miss her...shes cool   thx for the info!~ x
omg it is like christmas morning in michael's room  he is givine me all of this free desk stuff!!
@tuotierugif aww.. i didnt expect you to know it. lol, its cool tho, we hear new songs everyday 
@Hoodtip101 hii im ur biggest fan hood tip i love you LOL ! can u hook me up with a beat  pweaseeeeeeee =D
@_wendy_r_ um. i'm home and that was me 
@djchaco haha, true that. I love mine too - just a regular ol' 8 cup bodum 
ocean sounds on now im going to close my eyes and pretend im In a hammock on the beach 
Off to go see star trek with guillermo, kenny, and abel 
@randallhaws no problem  have a great nite  xoxo
@lalalaitskimmm Haha yuh stupid drivers &gt;:/  you better watch out for those when you start driving 
@serpentcity yeah because it eats up your memory card faster than you can say sugar tits! 
@SuckaproofHov I've been pretty good preparing my self for my vaca I'm going to be down in miami!  what bout you? How r you?
dude! we should combine our beds to make bunk beds! we can do so many activites!!!-thats right...watchn stepbros 
listening to some danger: radio!&lt;3 i had fun today with jeneva, jamie, jennel, and nicole. pretty random but yeah 
chea mavs won..well im out got some sleepin to do;;peace;;pslams 91 
@christinasf76 cool, bring my grandbaby bk 4 me...   jk
Just watched jj ep  bout to go to work to taste everything on the new winter menu ow 
hmm...ascend later for urban tuesdays?  what do you think?  see you there? 
@simplejennbug , im pretty sure aim doesnt like you back . but your talking to me so cheer up buttercup  mwuahahaha
@katyperry so you watching purple in a bus, nice! im sick in my bed :S definitely prefer the road...enjoy your movie..insomnia again 
ewww... i kinda think kates today show interview tanked towards the end...... ohhh, john &amp; kate + eight... :/ lotsa love  ?
offf to bed, yay 
@JaymiieFOB lol hahaha sure did  i saw you taking pictures of meand you cant do that without my perimission. ill dob on you. lol
@juicylemonapple ooh, that's cool...and i'm at the head office at london drugs 
@jackalopekid  hmmmmm . . .  everyday . . .  . mostly. .  . .  .sometimes I forget. 
@Mittermaniac shonar kella, jai baba felunath, charulata, mahanagar &amp; aabar aranya. &amp; few new ones. i'm guessing u've seen all of these. 
@rockstah LOL  thanx for pushing me, smtimes real lazy i am
@endope hey! you found me!  how's it goin? how's carie? i like that you have christina aguilera &amp; ll cool j on the same background.
@taylorswift13 your songs were always my lss, taylor. it's so catchy. hope you'll visit the philippines too. 
think imma call it a nite...if u havent already show me sum love and vote http://tinyurl.com/cwpz4e thxs!! 
watching her bf make a spectacle of himself 
@BeautyBible ur the first person i've ever heard say that! i dont recon they resemble biscuits at all!! how funny! each to their own! 
can't cook but she can clean up the mess she made.  singing kelly clarkson with the cool kids.. and harrison.
tix are $50 though...kinda pricey &gt;.&lt; but i've been listening to his music for years! It's excellent workout music  I'm sure be puts ..
@katepickle do pbp do gift vouchers? Looking for bday pressie for sil who digi scraps 
@ZoeKlu wen on ur page and saw my love amber rose..and i have to steal ur pic...sry 
@JerC gosh you are a fagggggg  jk good night bro  ttyl! &lt;3 **crusty janitor lool kidding!
@blackjkspollock@tweenkle77.. hello everyone, thanx @misternoodle.. you're fun as always.@aileen2u2,thnx I'm tailing you 
I'm going to kamrt to buy a pair of those fake wannabe converse, to rip up for saturday. 
loving steph atm....just witnessed a lovely bitch session about megan 
@Rhuffles yeah well your cover'll look better than theirs. ppl will compare the 2 and pick urs cuz it's better looking 
@shaunmichaelb hahaha i'll take that as a compliment  i was walking around in circles trying 2 find him :p
i love boys before flowers. weeh ! im now obsessed on kim boom. he's so cute. lool 
@GlitzyGloss That is the perfect mindframe lol ya hehe twitter will always be here. It will be fun if we get those live cam feeds 
@tothepc  hehe biggest check ever till now... 
@danielle5572 there is no other way! I'm very persuasive  @louiseydeesy it wasn't on youtube. shucks.
heh, my nana got a cell. she's so cute when txting 
@Taigur alright u need 5 more pounds lil booty  lol. jk
@trent_reznor  fuck, don't get down, watch mst3k on google video instead 
@jldlin good luck n tis mayb helpful &gt;tips to a gd presentation  http://bit.ly/Fsnp9
ok... serious... for real... can't do anymore! I gotta lay down, shut eyes... see what happens next!  sounds heavenly!
@bridalbar - ya gotta go to republic pool at mgm!  we did it for my bachelorette weekend and it's quite the scene...  
Getting ready to go out ) hope theres @starbucks here  got to have my coffe... )
Hey! just joined twitter so im currently browsing the help section to see how i get around this site!  woop woop 
@Dannymcfly watched ur new dvd last night,awesome,but bit of a love in btween you guys,who could compliment who more,haha! loved it tho  x
@MeLaMachinko wud u like me to help correct ur bone-leggedness???? 
has the same top as britney spears 
@Keels_90 it will be  im getting a new tshirt!! woo! omg i have soooooo much to tell u!!! i wil be on msn tonight probs round 10 
@nick_carter Hopefully you don't get the shits from all that tea!  
okey dokey i am off....dont miss me too much  
@piaguanio hi miss pia.. ur so pretty.. i want to meet you in person.. hope so.. 
@shaundiviney damn, wish i lived in sydney, why don't you guys move to melbourne&gt;? thatd be awesome  stay cool. xo
is listenin to everybody knows by john legend  
@busydiscoball hahaha ..happy bludging (Aimlessly lying about with no direct purpose in life. c/o http://tinyurl.com/pmdzr7) ! 
@gfalcone601 aww gio, you are such a cutie  i enjoyed the party lots last night sorry about the mess  xxx
@ginoandfran hi fran, this is cool   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YwT)
@_JAILBAIT ur welcome  im ok..can be better thnx...well hope you get more followers now..and good luck with your exams!
is listening to kris allen's heartless. adam all the way though 
@thechildoftime you should come visit me and cheer me up cos i feel like shit 
@robinb ohhh fancy! good luck! great to see younger Irish person saying feck to the recession! - more like you mr B. we'd be flyin! 
went mk at 8:30 to get wrist band :O came home and just had a english breakfast =D going bk to mk soon lol  x
weeeee fellow filipinos from philippines or around the world hit me up.. oh and anyone actually doesnt matter wot race u are 
boy, i'm having a blast over on http://www.haircutsformen.org/  you can too!   ha! hahahaha! haha! chop chop!
cant sleep, obsessing on handheld combs. do i want minis (3&quot;x3) or more med/viking size (4&quot;x4+) for nonclamp combing? srsly keeping me up 
@mileycyrus theres such thing as chocolate covered skittles? :-o how cool.why doesn't ireland have them.  your amazing btw.  love jen. x
@mrsdilkington oh we just got a whole bunch of pastel cupcakes yayy! but thanks heaps anywayyy  whens your show on?? i wanna comeee!! xx
@tillmanas goooood times  do it on sunday or something hahahaha nothing better to do on a sunday
off to school again;then home to pack for nyc.btw chelsey george is my hero for lifee 
@chl0eee the best thing to do when its almost ur 18th birthday is do something really really childish  because its ur last days doing it.
@taylormcfly awww lol! mean #danny jones lol  but good on dougie for maing you feel better  lol
done with tv...no with the pc... oh, i love summer...  
@born2shine4ever miss u too  I'm happy u passed ur test. U shld be proud!
jeff goldblum's good in law &amp; order, whoa! thursdays no longer boring with him around, plus medium &amp; heroes. wat's a nite. 
will be at raja's in 1.5 hours, cant wait to kick his ass in fifa!  omg what about chemistry? XD.
@babygirlparis http://twitpic.com/4rm5r - so so sweett   u 2 are the best couple 
@RealAdamLambert congrats on making it to final 2, i'm an aussie supporter of yours, goooooooodluck your voice is amazingggg   xx
@JoseBurch cool thx 
@LimeIce LAWL!!! ..dat was a real kool thought... about a domain . must be a creative mind's result.  thnx for sharing.
@nick_carter goodnight nick 
@hannah_bo_banna shame! we'll have a pint on you. 
@iscreamlouder nope i bought them in a fopp shop yesterday in glasgow.  i rumbled thru boxes of old tshirts, it was fun.
missing rachel ray for an eye appt then back here to start organizing stuff for the move 
I'll be back later. A few hours a guess. :\ or I'll come back to talk to nes.  love you forever bby
hey frnds,im so sorry i cant reply ur cmmnts,msgs,n rqsts. coz i dont have mch tym 2 go ol.kinda busy w/ school..  n i ll face fnl exms.
@heavyyoungin your positivity is always appreciated..  and its not just random positivity either like @iamdiddy its meaningful
juice diet... ur havin a bubble i dont care if i get fat i luv myself sum foooood  big is beautiful baby!!
@londicreations oh that would be awesome hun... I really need to start working on some inventory for fall and xmas 
@heidikinsxo heya heidi nice to meet you  so tell me about yourself - asl (age, sex, location). im 18, male and from sydney. take care!
@chelsea_playboy aww spoil my fun =P hehe I won't..promise 
@smart_kookie haha have fun  ! well im away back to studying - first exam 2moro.  xx
@BenFordham ishhhh ok benny boy. plz2bnotmessing with team mcnugget 
@kanye_lens hey, it was fun being in the bring me the horizon photoshoot today  i really wanna see the pics. x
@TheComputerNerd The yankees suck. but your still amazing. 
@refreshca AHh poop! Yes Thats what I mean - I should adjust my screen res to my eyes so I can see what i type - but I hat 620x480. 
@brennysue ohhh ok. well, it's good music! i'll make you a copy if you'd like 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/55if8  last year line for rio de janeiro gig tom 
going to the doc and after it to the studio .. flo rida - right round 
@mashable check out http://chuuzr.com and sign up to be voted as the 'best' whatever, like best gamer, nerd, etc 
So to the messy ass person that was gonna show my tweet off f*** you 
@dougiemcfly http://twitpic.com/534yq - oooooo nice one harry  you should go play golf with my dad sometimes, he loves that haha
talking to oscar  with an empty stomach. oh food baby fa life yo..........
can someone take me to philippines? haha. oh gosh, i'm getting crazy everytime i heard about philippines and david archuleta 
@kodaknharlem seee i told u facebook was the truth  just run along bff and sign up
-- french test! oh gawdd.. lol  fashion show tonite!  come watch &lt;3
@that_kat but thanks anyway 
@keller419 hahha my poor mama's 4runner has seen a lot of dings and i think it just hit 100,000 miles....she is just begging for a stang 
@thepabloshow I'll tel ur mama hi when I get back to reality next week  how's things??
@Vanillyy shit ima hire u to sponsor me LOL 
Headed to my cuz bday party  ... lets get it !!!
y do the jonas brothers have to be so darn cute  i remember seeing them when nick was 12 aw )) so long ago
@garretjiroux whats goin on at the playboy mansion??...oh by the way dont scare off the playmates  lol
@grannypig nice seats then! twitpic-ing any pics? oh and did you enjoy a crab sandwich? 
@JarenG yupp in the fall to get my msw  hehe. aww yay where at?
got buzzed at dinner tonight......supposed to study, but idk now        joey on the brain...loving and missing you so much my little romo!
wow watever if your going to ruin our friendship for a stupid guy then thts ur fault!!!!! not mine!!! 
M&amp;D have just left for harvey norman.. let's hope ipod touch is moulded into their brains so they buy me one. 
@shelbymcpeace yeah we are! i justed watched donnie darko and s darko, we should watch them too  and some chace crawford movies
Just got home. Tired as fuck forealll hah. About to eat me some easy mac and pass out. 
@theblokgroup liked the site, but you didn't add sistahs jammin, that was also a site you created...huh huh 
@fantapurple you will do great!  saw kevin teaching you! 
@shawn Deeeep breaths. I'm on your side. 
@SouthernBell07 u went to the ol' school for real with that one...listening to 'knocking boots' wonder what ur thinking about 
@m-callahan have you seen the video? it's sooo cool,lus i like the fact that taylor plays both her (the nerd-looking) and the cheerleader 
Haha scary movie is on mtv  but I can't watch it gotta wake up early tomorrow 
@Djalfy awww...yay!!! well,i'm glad he's better!  awww...babe,u shud take some rest!
@nicole85 chill babe, everything will be fine  good luck!
Oh lol kewl  is it vicious circle? I just saw that lol
@ev That's the best excuse I've ever heard 
best landlord...left me a bottle of wine hell yeah...saving it for a goood time   http://twitpic.com/5ch3h
@rdy2freefall http://twitpic.com/5cgxi - they're all really cute laura!! nice job  esp the purple backs. id buy both of them
Anyone else want to help me @reply jack with my booty shorts  I'd love ya forever &lt;33   http://twitpic.com/5chcy
rain already!! D:&lt; gah,.. anyway, today was fun. lost my threeday headache. ADVIL  exp 2007 XD thnx gene. tnt are banned from scotty's ha,
@AngelicaPrado when are you getting your new do? i got mine today! rojo con blonde's  no bangs i like em long now! i miss u bunny!
Hanging out with my friend who looks like adam lambert=free drinks 
it was so fun tonight [: the maine, meg and dia were awesome! anndd the sequence was there in the crowd 
so i just finished making @ryanbandong 's youtube thingy o_O its purple and blue -_- i hope he likes it :} night 
@504chucky did u remember to wash behind ur ears?  lol
@seaeagleslive wooooo hooooo top game and ok mate I'll buy u a beer .. But only because manly won 
F***in sooo happy that port one    watching drake and josh 
haha not that kinda ram and this girl was fat and ur not fat so ha but sure ill ram u again  i like weed lol sorry bout that last one
@sara  thats a  sign that U R pregnant 
If you voted no in the daylight saving referendum tell me why here. If you voted yes, here's your chance for revenge  http://tr.im/lyZX
http://twitpic.com/5ck8e - cant live without by best friend.. i miss you yOw!!  mwuahh!
Angles and demons rocks! hope to get to go to the range tomarrow 
@mileycyrus hey miley, just a big hello from hamilton, new zealand! keep doing ur thing, and enjoy yourself 
@smurfeee yay  im off to bed kinda call if u want to  nite ntie sweet dreams &lt;33333 and i meant what i said earlier
@PreetiSodhi thats good la. yes yes im a goodie good girl  being an angel so that can see u people for awhile on the 31st. 
@luxofgodsgirls you might have a dorm to yourselfs? 
is calling it a night.. at 2:30am... thats unusual, but nonetheless... buenos noches mis amigos 
Watching never back down..threw powder in my bestiies face becuz she wants to sleep and i dont want her too  ..i can be annyoing
@Noylaa thankyouu mydear, it did went well, them kids were kickass on stage! And again, so did the teacher hehehe 
i love  my life  and @terihorowitz , jacquisha, zac efron and edward and chuck bass!!! zzzzzzz
@pandaaMONIA liiaaaaamm! shaun looked hot in ur myspace photos  hes my husband  did u tell him i love him? even though he knows haha 
@KevinHart4real all of cleveland is hood 
@mattyza oooh, ok, so, like my status thing on nimbuzz? So, i cant actually view tweets or communicate with it? thx matt  @nimbuzz ?
loves my girls, with lana and alex getting my drink on 
@AbstRactu @aharen if its spreading luv, then by all means 
@katcal i don't think anyone other than my boring uncle john would fool for it every sunday for 7 years 
HEy LAdies if ur still up and u didnt go 2 the club 2nite... Here is a song u can dance 2 http://www.zshare.net/audio/55259468c5cd3eff/ 
whoever is in nyc right now is cool.. 
@shaunmichaelb yes, i agree, miley became an b influence..... but miley also needs to remember who she was, miley's also a nce gal 
@GivesYouWings I aready have wings.. but thanx anyway... give yourself some and you can fly with me... 
@mileycyrus hey miley! how r u? how about ur career? 
just watching a repeat of american idol.. katy perry isnt good live 
@roni_duani it was awesome  sunday's slow...all things in order
@miamck toss em my way...I'm n the oc...I gotchu girl they don't want it with me 
lol im sayin. i do love when @chandleriiam come in the room throwin up gang signs right before sex. follow by a pop lockn droppit. 
donated blood in church. fun... hahaha..... waiting for august 31st 
watching karate kid 2 // R I P mr miyagi 
@tokyomade so much colour and style in one place! gotta luv tokyo. nice one 
@amit3d is a futile race...using another adage - if you can't beat 'em, join 'em 
yay I have a new logo!! its my robot picture!! hehe imm sooo random!  hopefully i can change the pic sometime l8terz.
dont miss the new tom hanks one &quot;Angels and demons&quot; guys! what a great movie... he looks much more older, but still 1 of my fav. actors 
http://twitpic.com/5cq9v Agentnoc lg baby seal pake bebek force 1 @rumah citra graha...goin get em guys! 
@tommcfly of course we do!  btw.i told u tom,donu say out loud that ur growing fine,da cold will hear u nd come back!
anyone remember 'buffy' it still goes on 'FX' lmao. my fav. character was willooooooooooowww 
loves watching caucasians attempt chinese cooking on masterchef 
Oh and ps 2 marc: fernando came out in his boxers and a wife beater mmmhhhmmm be jealous 
greece's contestant looks like he should be on top of a table in a gay bar rather than on stage. no offence to any greeks, but he does. 
fuck my life hahahaha interesting night. with liz and bev  it's 6:30, why am i up?
heheh.. heaven on earth! koh samui is amazing. no swines there ;) google it. You can come vaca there and stay in my bungalow. no hotel $ 
@GGGKeri ooh i love your chanel vids  usually I just get foundation and bronzer but the e/s quads look so nice xx
@peekapoochecker hehe I love your racing commentary Checkers 
casey novak, oh how i miss you. although it's been fabulous to see my wife back on tv this season 
@funnyclub hey there is loads to the ebook hey mate proper info and lots of it 
nothing happend dis daii,,,but is really hot in here.............hehe 
@danafuchs think first of all I should eat sth. and then I'll take an aspirin. thx for the advice 
wat the eff? my ipods randomly started working again  - wat the eff? my ipods randomly started working aga... http://bit.ly/sk14j
@keza34 mmm how about, out with mates, checking out lasses drinking, xbox, and take away 
@delta_goodrem u r the lovliest miss delta. that irish git is so lucky to hav a lovely aussie lady like you. big fan of mcnuggets 
new love: jake mcdorman!!! u soo cute  &lt;3
@jamiemcflyx goodgood  y'welcome! waaahey! i sure am  row A i hear ;) are you sat near yoshi?  xxx
I'm off for a bit lovely people of twitter, if revision and my nan dont kill me i shall be back later  xx
@jamiemcflyx goodgood  y'welcome! waaahey! i sure am  your row A i hear ;) are you sat near yoshi?  xxx
lmao i should really do something, like i dunno maybe tidy or some shit  so glad no school tomorrow &lt;33
@gryffindorap Orals are crappy, but my modus operandi is 'vaguely know what subjects they're going to ask you and learn the vocab' 
@halo1982 yep I'm a music teacher 
@Bluenscottish RE:baby can i hold you. u might like this cover from my fav michael johns  http://bit.ly/WkMQq
new school 2mozzzzzzz ......im not nervous thnk goodness and the soothing tunes of delta goodrem's ..*brave face*  ily D xox
wee. just got home after watchin the best movie of the year! woohoo! tom hanks is the best! 
@__becky lmaoo ;) goood, hope you pass with flying colours then!  xx
wants to have crazy fun againnnnnnnnnnnnnnn  it doesnt need alcohol to get high. (hor claire? @eclairr) hahaha
@carolemoyes would be good to find out if it we're true! tho she is super nice   have a god lunch though! will catch up later!
finished chatting with sienna, guess I'll just see her on wednesday 
@pamis_lmd lmao, i made the mistake of watching the norwegian eurovision winner again this a.m. and now the song is stuck in my head. 
@lalaflamingo hi shannon just thought id let you know that you have a hole in your stocking in your dp  LOL
@kennethleedk hi kenneth  looks like we have some similarities in our interest.. i recommend the buddhist-maths connection 
@itwasjustafuzzy ooh!! tegan and sara are my favourite! where does one find their posters these days?   xoox
@jenny050085 wow that looks  interesting 
@frombecca shit yeh....@leftyjes....mark....find this person whilst I am having my nanna naps 
@fakermino coz when i went on thursday to her house ac wanted to play truth or dare! cool ! icecream truck passed 
theres a story at the bottom of this bottle and its about #shortstack  lawl 
@pixel_play ahahaha aww bless ya!! its annoyin aint it lol 
I gotta start planning my outfits for the whole stretch of awesome events  all white for roger shah, splashes of colours for mos,
@KristensRaw thx! ok.  yeah, that's what i thought.  saw &quot;bullet express&quot; infomercial ystrdy. a food processor &amp; juicer! 2 good 2 b true?
@elle4loser thanks dear!!! who says olive skin cant take red lippie!! gogogo i bring u go buy k!! 
@shaver no toronto yet  thanks for the thoughts, and we'll see how it works out.
@heatherbrewer goodluck with your packing and move...           
lala back!!!! my mom quizzed me on all the stuff didnt miss anything boyy-ya baby 
gon' be on my way home!    sugar land --&gt; frankenstein's monday!
@modi_q8 gr8t idea I train on my bed with my 100g pillow 
@zariat  oooh nice one. ears burnin', linkage ahoy!  love from...um...somewhere between germany and spain x
haha i love the older couple that is playing at wimbledon  theyr funny
@meganLbarton does this mean you're coming to the wedding now, since you'll be in kc? 
yesss i have worked it out!  crazy skills.
sad to leave sd later this afternoon...had tons of fun with @faiith44, moc5085 and @sylvia huang &amp; the rest of my nontwitter user friends 
I think I might watch final destination  hehe
@nesquicus danggg how does it look? same cover as the old one over here?? ur nvr gna open it huh ;) u shud frame it  hahah
@officialnjonas http://twitpic.com/5cuih - nice pic  is nice that you are in south america now 
@aussie_ali http://twitpic.com/5cnsg - looks gorgeous ali  great view! love the clouds drifting by xo
@claireyjonesy hahha tis quite hilarious. coz they cant act lol. but you should see it  xxx
@Dannymcfly lol good luck with the misson ...  x remember no cover of taylor swifts lol x even tho you might sound good with the accent 
@SamJayneReid @EvilAlterEgo it's ok now though they're getting kicked out in a minute coz we're having dinner, thank god 
@mileyc1fan ohhh okay. i was gonna go buy that book soon anyways!!  i need to catch up on miley news and stuff!
@miizluna_jessie tell your mommy i said hiiiii! 
@aussie_ali  I hope you also got my mesage of love!
@inElsie phone too blackberryyyy sex much. i'm glad the internet works now! you're gonna love being able to tweet whenever you want ha! 
@mediocre_mum well it's good to shake them hard once drained and leave in the colander for a while a la @jamie_oliver 
@Wilsurn @mhisham ooh did someone say pix? 
lunch and lakers with ty  my two favorite things ;)
@juicystar007 hey blair cs 88 shimmer or 78 with the blush-ur the tie breaker? i already ordered the neutral 2 copy ur prom look 
in mississippi now, on our way to grab dinner at soul veg in atlanta 
i love you!  hahaha. really good day with friend, bruv, brad, twin, and ben
@gfalcone601 please tell tom and the lads to send a message on radio 1 to all the mexican fans!! We love them  haha xx
Fact: ralph enjoys watering plants 
watched the eurovision comp. yesterday  norway won!! the guy was cute! 
http://twitpic.com/5da02 - pic from today. not good pic. this is my cute rabbit. 
@yung_chris hahah ookay well clearly she was NOT! lmao. oh man! looks like fun 
@willpowerpacker now its ur turn to take his advice 
@cbales47 thats pretty expensive for the jobless. we'll see i guess!!  how long are you in town until?? itd be great to see you!
amazing brunch this morning @ the ritz but everyone seemed a little sluggish...dont blame them  bk 2 flower mound in my convertible-mi ...
@mandygiselle ohh is that like our confirmation the video? with that camara man that was there? ohh ok yup we need to make planes!! haha 
The best party err in the whole world omfg  now going to the mall with bojana amanda and kiki
@BigRichB not bad dude! your closet has a whole new wardrobe and you didn't even break $100. anyway, thx for follow, got ya back 
@gfalcone601 please tell tom and the lads to send a message on radio 1 to all the mexican fans!! We love them 
@steve_balaban not a bad looking human 
@THe_RuGGeD_MaN thats a good hope u all have fun sounds like u gunna have a good night 
juss woke up  yaay, my day off &lt;3 love meg xo.
http://twitpic.com/5dd2w - dirty boy? nah. i dun think so. he's doing this so he doesnt dirty his hands.  adorable!
Wow last nt was crazzzyyyyy  but i cant remember all of it
haha  louise, idk how to like reply to you so i thought id write it here (:
@weenick yep cos i'm the father of the said fish 
@fafinettex3 hey guurl  i love youre videos and youre style.so awesome I'm a huge fan!i have a question..can it be that u wear extantions?
There ya go... now u should be able to see my profile pic better 
Wine room in winter park with @rachel_lovely and @trenderbutterfly  come on over if ur bored 
@meldrum83 just awa to put aiden to bed then give my dad a quick call if your free in about 20 mins i'll call you 
I misses u 2...just finished watchin juno by myself everyones out of town...r u in dc?? 
@stephenfry in germany we called this kind of comedy &quot;politican tweets&quot;  
@XBritneystevens love squirt gangbang !! who are we squirt drenching today ?? whos the lucky girl - wish i was in her position 
@AbbieeeD ohh i wont halff mis it yano, not tht we should cos we will see each other everyday practically 
@grizzlypufff that would be asult!!!! at least with a fish its foood therapy, no permenant damage!!!!!!! fallin in love  &lt;3
@funkybrownchick you're welcome. it was a dope item. im like you, furnishing my new apt with only thrift store items  good lookin out.
@ladymisssusan aww ur sweet. I'm trying  kind of doubt urself after a failed 3yr relationship....someday though
@i_am_a_shark lmao! aye but id be too scared to hit you with a brick! ew fish are nasty! hahaha yip, acoustic is way better 
@BadSuperhero are you gunna go leciester square? cause idk how to get to clapham 
you get the beeeeest of both worlds! lmfao i lovee that song. listening to miley/ hannah makes me happy  &lt;3
watching my rangers game  they're wearing red, i love when they do! kinsler&amp;hamilton look soo good &lt;3
@aplusk &quot;i refuse to play your chinese mind games!!&quot; dude you are hilarious in this film.... skills   http://twitpic.com/5dfwr
@BAMboozledTiff glad to hear hunn  &amp; did u work out the pro wid ur frien irl? &lt;3
cant wait for the american idol finale 
josh just left for work, going to see mom and dad for a little bit, betty- glad mike is doing ok, like i said if you need me just call 
@RobPattinson_ hey,im from lebanon! cnt wait to watch new moon! gd luck for everythingg  .. try to come to leb, we would love to c u here!
ahaha listing to the most amazing people. cage the elephant. hahaha thanks wyatt for making me listening to them 
just got back from a walk with courtney and our doggys 
so i just worked out and thats it bout 2 go 2 the bank and then go 2 crowns chicken  umm crowns chicken *lmfao*
@erin_mae second session, otherwise i'd be in a world of hurt, huh? 
Watching dont forget the lyrics and waiting for pizza 
At work! la harley davidson! come and see me 
@PrincessSuperC even though i couldn't make the kiss concert ur performing in today, i can watch it live on my computer! gud luck ciara. 
@pinpoint_uk oooooh watoo (L) i still have my signed tee aha   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
@ThePISTOL aww happy birthday ur soo hot 
jack tripper wudnt be bad right now either but i guess i'll have to settle 4 dr. pepper 
cant figure out how to message a specific person.... aha durp. but monty pythons rule...  also feel like watching the oc.
@sarah_renee_ Sounds good, because we haven't used recent ones really 
@SimonMagus  aww.thats not good! especially when the best tennis court in the world belongs to ur county!  jokin,no offence.
hello world!  ive studies chemistry the whole day i dont understand a shit and you know what? i dont care! ;) haha so how u doin? ;)
@tr0nic yeah! i tore my house apart! i'm over it now though, now you can make my dreams come true and bring me some for my birthday 
@ChinoDolla good choice with the default pic chino hahahahhaa you know its my favorite pic of you!!!!!!!! you big ol baby 
tired  but i cant miss lost.... coffeeeeeeeeeee!  xo
@mileycyrus miley! plz add me so i can send u direct messages , iam not gona spamm u or anything  just want to ask u a couple of Q's (hug)
@pinpoint_uk hahahaha, i can see jack !   i love jack and norm   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
@mayyang get it guuuurl!!! goood luck in bay to breakers, and dont get deyhdrated 
listing to 'the climb' =by my fav singer miley cyrus @loco92 
woop this is why i love switch its been on half hour and there playing jonas brothers all ready and then demi later 
@Corfineman hmm i see a conspiracy in last fridays dj contest ;) I should have bring a jupiler truck for you guys 
@Corfijneman hmm i see a conspiracy in last fridays dj contest ;) I should have bring a jupiler truck for you guys then 
@tiffndots whooo  I think I'm gunna wear the dress I wore last year , chs suprisingly it still fits 
@vsangar love flyleaf, within temptation not sure about ... will try the others and let ya know 
@mikelmonroe well ya did post ya got to make out wit the boy u wanted too why not try again 2nite come see me at @KRAVE SINdaze 
@matmusto whats a good electric acoustic guitar to buy? ide take your word over any review site ide really appreciate a reply thanks 
sundeep and tina.  blogged.  http://www.iamaposer.com/?p=974 leave them some love and let them know how beautiful they are 
gotta get ally ready for her dance recital pics, oh, i'm just lovin' this 90's dance party on my rhapsody!! bbl 
@_ellie haha couldnt fit it all in one comment :') but (L) summer pops will be amazing not long to wait now either 
@aplusk that advert is hilarious but im now getting a strange impression of america 
@pinpoint_uk yes jenny its rachel   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
save me said the saviour plz   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
@emokidsloveme at your service and right back atcha! 
@GeremyFarrell  congrats then.  lol. brad wants lots of kids...
@mandiilizz douchebag is just bad enough not to vulgar like the crumbs under nancy's table&lt;3 come over and watch true blood prease 
has got in from the great manchester run, seein usain bolt, and meetin 1 half of the chuckle brothers 
@ another kohls with ramon hes my sugar daddy 
@LynnRoehrig hey, the amity affliction are playing hot damn on the 28th with closure in moscow, they're pretty awesome too 
cant wait to see dance flick 
@websiteowner  ha ha ha soooo know where your mind is lol.  well sweet dreams at least :-P
@philbolsta It's funny, you posted a Spanish proverb then a Swedish proverb, my two nationalities! No Yiddish tho! 
@BrittaniP -ok cool!  lemme kno if u need anything else
back from the beachh with jay. so much funn  putting some new pics on da myspacez. now im bored and i have a headache.
@sophia_yay mm don't worry when me and jane become a famous rap group you can be the groupie 
@dannyrodri final cut?!? dunno im just sayin. software is not really important here. key ingredient is: creativity 
@dbmost hmmm. tht sounds like a very lovely vacation 
@srstadther  hehehe  just gotten trade one addiction for another 
@fabiobelieveman boa noite true luv 
iv missed my bestfriend, glad shes back and shes not going anywere till i move.  had so much fun all laughs, even when her and david fight
dane cook tonight  soooo exicted!
@craig_martin hey mate.. will you be in WGTN soon? the license is a one per shop license 
@TheRealMrRiley  it's cool bubs x .. sigh.. i tried so hard not to smile kmt lol.. erm i thought you cum off vampire stats? aint ya tired?
everyone follow my bff he is the coolest you will ever meet!  --&gt; @MeLodAtRiChbOi !!
how funny are @DHughesy 's twitters! hilarious man  just watched twilight, gets better everytime...i cant wait for new moon to come out!!!
oh cant belive im still awake think ill say goodnite and try get some  nite nite all xo
going to get kate voegele's new cd with kendra!! yayyy! thennn eating cake all night? maybe? i think yes 
lykeee teal hair  mayb pics tomarrow... mastamind shit if only u knew ;)
goodbye celtics ..goodbye rockets. pff 
@jennettemccurdy why r u so multi-talented?? You could do everything sing great dance act iceskate loll everythingg ilu 
Whattt theee fuckkk? just saw an anteater or something. BUTTT i just heard jess and lisa say hey guys were the veronicas on b97  awaaa
@cyn_tr: nope she doesn't think that way. she said she did her best and any other award will just be bonuses. 
@ddlovato i'm watching the desperate housewives finale, and madison is so adorable! tell her i said hi! 
@AlanahC i know!! Thats my boy  hehe hes so cute in his bright red hi tops LOL
@mommapurvis yo hooker  ty for the talk earlier
so i'm gunna stay up way too late cuz these bands pump me up  and they may be staying at our house
leavin for office - plannin to shift there 4ever - n e ways  i come home only to sleep 
@madcoolhp2 hahaha i partied in dayton for the first time in march  glad you are loving la. i hear that san diego is beautiful.
@nick_carter crazy but very entertaining! 
@1jessie1 yer, they had lots of different styles!!  xoxo
damn i should get to bed but i dont want to.Ah fuck it  ill sleep in math or something since im Mrs Fredricks fav student lawls
@j_naee nopee sorry; dnt have none of... wait yes I do just one tho-- that's my secret shorty on the low low 
@deonmims so we have mutual ppls...so i'm thinking we should twitter  and thank u if u had something to do with gettin nick on here
@meganandliz hi! get well soon megan. i've been watching ur videos on youtube. goodluck! take care!  xoxo
playing my guitar.. and chatting w/ my friend.. youtube... thats all 
@smoothvega lol no its rooster's not &quot;man's best friend&quot;! but it can get kinda gross  well im glad u had a good show! cant wait 2 c da vid
@lil_meg_91 I know im a random but could i PLEASEPLEASEPLEEEE have the ff5 secret link? Thanks if you do 
Shoot tomorow nite is cinespace...hahahah j/k yeah let's watch star trek again!! 
@IdolFanatic i think i'll send this 2 u in a direct mssg  since ian will b readin it ahha sorry buddy
@madnessletter oohh weird ey, here am just awake and u ready to sleep...sleep tight! hava tweet dreams!  x
@jackslovesAAR the grandpa from freaky friday when he yells earthquake&amp;runs out of the house hehehehe 
The kings of leon were absolutely amazing. The best part is that it was unexpected...plus they played my fave song last  content w/ life
wow i am now in deep convo with my fellow bboy dante if i can dance the latino way... man. srsly.. idk! haha i need to know 
@rainagrigsby ahah  omg i just heard that if u have a lot of views on youtube u get paid!
@Hayvock you and me both buddy  btw the origional fallouts 1, 2 and fallout tactics are all avaliable in a retail pack at target for $20
@davenavarro6767 http://twitpic.com/5ey8r - I love a man who is in touch with his feminine side. I'm guessing (and hoping) those are urs. 
#musicmonday is for hey monday. LOL  love thier songs!
@Blondore i sell travel mugs with beagles on  they R R60 &amp; super stylin' !! http://beagles.co.za/beagleshop/ check it wen u hav internet
@iamPaulGipson yes my myspace is on my profile. and I dont think ur more interesting than all 13.. maybe a couple but definitely not most 
@tourismsa not yet but looks good  fyi here r some of the sa escapes we do currently have (from qantas inflight mag) http://bit.ly/dv2kO
@xo_addie I think I saw this model chick who was like hey come home but then the flower chick was like fack I'm getting crunk! 
grrr , why cant people get over them selves long enough to see what a total bitch their being? P:S love taylor swifts new song 
detachable penis just came on the radio. this song reminds me of christina mccarty 
@popstarmagazine http://twitpic.com/5ezln - aww thats soo sweet that they went to support their friend  quick ques; is there anything  ...
@valibarbulescu real beauties, dom'le. aparate electrice de joasa si medie tensiune. whatever they are. n-am luat-o razna, e pt prieteni 
@thatgirl_karen hey hey i'm loving your photoshoot pictures. very flashh!  hows your voice holding up? ps. you have melisa's number?
''Not everyone deserves the amazing andrew rodriguez'' haha krystal you're awesome! 
@ddlovato someones always gonna be there for you, because a true friendship is one thats never broken no matter what the circumstance is. 
@NEiSYm ahhaha yes we are !  misss you lady&lt;3 must do something once all this uni stress is out of the way ! mwah mwah!  xxx
@ddlovato thats good point, but think just in you...i gotta go..sweet dreams 
my horoscope says someones falling for me, 
@bradiewebbstack bradie can you send me a twitter? no one has ever wrote me one D: id love you to be the first  how r u &lt;3 ur patrick star
@madonnamike LOL, im in no need of a bed pan, but i'll sure as hell use a cuddle buddy if ya can help me with that? 
@core_APPLER lmao. Whyy? And yes I'm watchin #kickingandscreaming 
@B_smak but who is it in relation to? you just randomly said it. so i'm pretty sure.. YOU are the nob 
yes its not right2 hv fakes 4 more hits &amp; the limit characters is annoying or prolly an irk 2 kanye but thats the point of twits. 
@wersching http://twitpic.com/5eq9e - And gotta agree with other posts! So happy you'll be in the next season too!  *hugs*
@maria_cf hi maria, nice to see you are twittering! ive only been on here a week, its quite addictive! 
@officialTila  my girl tila is crackin down on the fake twitter peoples...i like that 
waiting for emma to follow me come on lmao i can hear tha disney in backround from my sis btw food tech today watah nice carrot muffin 
@brian2801 hehe iya donk! come here lah im in senci  shop shop shop 
I am doing quizes on my facebook... coz i hav a los of wat else to doo... my bedroom should be colourfull... 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/58grb - nick ur soooo hot. let's just keep it that way, shall we? 
:-O i cant even get ma ebooks!!! first bebo and now this  college truley is the workst :-| hopefully get this job an then im outta here 
@FoxyDonDiva foxy get ur bad ass over to the uk.we miss u girl 
@Sion71 You cheeky git size 11 hahahaha i`m only a 5 
@b50 With perceived peace in sri lanka.. a lot of us could be flocking to columbo to spend holidays  4me it is closer to home than del 
@EmilyCBaxter  make sure to say hi if we both happen to b at 1 of the sydney tweetups eg: #siliconbeach on fridays after work
@chayn3s haha where is 91610? isnt it 90210 maybe hahaa no way man, san francisco  xx
@carmenhayes ok ima go get one  didn't find herb till we got back in the house hahahahaha
@dhruvasagar actually i am not into iphone hahaha..  but i share stuff that i think others can make use of it.. i m still using se k800i
watching once twice thrice afraidy hannah montana..i'm not sure about the title 
@ys_tap woohoo holga's are expensive stuff as a hobby. do have great fun and hv an open mind. film photography can be unpredictive. hehe 
new divide tonite. who's waiting with me? 
@One_StepCloser um flinders then i get the werribee train  wbu? #shortstack #forourhero
@EmyPopozuda sorry hun, back now and didn't get them, also checked when I got to heathrow they ddnt have em either, got u a keyring tho 
@7torres u can do it!! Haha be safe.  traveling mercies!!
@tommcfly have a great fight tom 
http://twitpic.com/5f2mc  This pic isn't that good of him--but it gives a sneek peek.  
@mrtrev hehe well go enjoy your kite then 
ok....well.. if u havnt guessed i did a quiz and zac efron is the boy of my dreams and i am teen queen selena gomez  
ummm , jst brushed my teeth , watching tv , &amp; getting my shit ready for tomorow . going over sonyas house  .
@phoenixritu  thn u hv another option... come yo my home... 
@alaksir that's one wise answer  anyway, stop by to starbucks citos if you have free times yaa.. (tetep promosi ha ha)
@jenkWjDMZ @ means u refer to the massage of some1 else dm means direct massege without all community watches 
@grayjon dont pretend youre twittering from the hall still listening! 
@cotton_candy16 hey hey just 10 more days!!!  hul &lt;3
feel like some vino hmmmm 
@tommcfly your dvd decerved to number one...its so epic dude! 
@CruzHilton hey babes, illdo you a sign tonight!  mwah loves yah! xx
@denn23 eh no worries man. i was sick thru the weekend anyhow. wouldn't have been able to make it. good that melbourne was still good 4 u 
italian test got pushed to friday! god loves me 
@crazysweettweet hehehe tnx anyway 
@GinoandFran just got back in manila. ustream is sooo cool.  never missed ur show even i was out of town. 
@shaundiviney haha awesomeeeee i heard u on the radio   and sway sway baby!! &lt;3 im ganna vote!  ily xx
just back from uni  hv all the fun bully farayusuf in campus with chris and others hahah~ i miss him now. wish i can meet him asap xoxox
@shaundiviney Congrats on sway sway being on radio  xoxo.
@katyperry i like ur style..  n ur music and ur exboyfriend.. do get back togather wit him 
Another hello to fellow artists: @elwoood @detailfreak @lizzy1e! 
@trevorjames hope ur finsihed updating naruto (same as dizoncf), kizuna is truly awesome 
@james_brooks  I am all for free and healthy stuff
@ingridmoo watevr, dont be hating cuz u aint *click* haha, go take photos of yourself in your bedroom 
just took my hannah montana vitamins  ha, wow. anyway, playing sudoku while mommy makes me breakfast  &amp; im not a morning person at all.
Send a postcard and receive a postcard back from a random person somewhere in the world! *I'm ready!  http://ff.im/-2ZVgd
@hiyer ya wil call you in a bit 
@rafaeloyama hey, im a hey monday fan too...  what song do you like from their album?  i like demi too.
@iamniiica .. tnx for d follow..  hehehehe!
@rehna_tu  write away to glory
@sandoi how much did u pay for it for the .net domain??.. awesome.. hahaha.. 
@stephenpearne shush.... begone mac geek  One day I will buy one, for research purposes  
@FoOie hehe thanks lots  i didnt see the survey cos i dun have a license! dont wanna screw up her results haha. they did mock ups i think
@demew yeh - without the trip, there is no business.  hehe. so it's chicken and egg really.
@michalabanas cookie monster is ment to eat cookies 24/7 !! is there preview shows of avenue q? because thats what it says on ticketek 
@rehna_tu If you are passionate about writing, you can write for my blog and make money along  http://bit.ly/nn0ie
@ThisIsZoey i want the eurovision cd!!! buy it for me please  the balkain girls they like to party like nobody like nobodyyyyy
is listenin to the hit list with matty and renae 
@shaundiviney sway sway on now playing u won to jonas bros 80 to 20 lol 
@gfalcone601 awww mickey mouse &lt;3 please greet tom from the german fans  and wish him good luck. is he still ill?
wishing the sun was out &amp; that derek was awake so he could show me how to burn a cd on his computer... i made a mix! cant wait 2 bump it 
@gfalcone601 can you ask tom (or you might know) if those aus boxers of his are the same ones fans gave him in syd last year? 
Hey ppl  Weathers crap but nd to take shan 2 nursery 
@KarenVG83 cool, but tell em to fix the url on their profile 
@anngelicaZ hahah i'm up writing my paper too! nice to know i'm not alone  haha
So yeah, i just woke up and put myself in front of the pc... Right now i'm drinking pepsi and listening to hip-hop instrumentals! 
@lizyap good idea. 2moz we'l have a huge performance and we'll make michael cera join in too 
@ictommo The SupaStarGuitar site will be launching very shortly and there will be a bunch of free lessons for ya to check out 
@hiyaaax3 good morning. shelby is making fun of me for doing this. :] travis is lame. i love you. bye. 
@shaundiviney well jb suck balls and that would be illegal like for 99.999% of fans but 
@nikhilnarayanan yeah i know. @mojosanjay had written to him some months back n gt a response frm him. he'll also start interacting 
@WeRespectMiley heey i see you have a problem with miley having justin as a boyfriend! lets talk ill listen!  xxx
@Aalohomoraa : learning makes perfect wi haha @poshpantspaddy : thanx for the recommend  how can i call u?
@ashleigh92 tis okay gorgeous  its not your fault, i love you too! xxx
And a re-watch of lost does wonders for the understanding, mmm mmm I do love it 
goodnight all u twitterers. sweet dreams. dont let the bed bugs bite. xoxoxoxo 
On the bus  woohoo sitting next to @denisejonasx3 gunna try to make a video of the ride
@BecaBear lol...  i need new pjs i think... in dag-mode at the moment 
@HilzFuld it is a camera term, in the lens there's a thing called f-stops (photo ppl will get it, non-photo ppl will have to ask me  )
@ben_tom nahh couldnt be bothered.. ill be going out lots though  so excited haha
@romannikoles no roman i'm not kidding you haah, it's pro  one cent text all the way. why dont you likeyyyy???
@BrianMcnugget hey bri! every moment ive seen of you on youtube is so funny lol! my fav is lollypop with westlife haha good times!! 
finishing sum hw, then gnna watch a movie cos i go 2 skool late 2moro  yaaay
http://twitpic.com/54wuy - wahahaha! she's more beautiful than betty! wahahaha! love her gown. hahaha. 
@bruxedo hi  hehe hope you like my stuff too 
@errandgrrl bb i'm going to get the tai grab bag from the fbr store, you want anything? tell me by tonight, lolol 
@_Lenchen_   sounds good! enjoy it! I'm off now, have to dress etc
follow @selena_G_fans this is my new twitter on selena gomez 
@strandloper well if ya can find some sort of rythm. dance 
@andkayla mini da thinks your lethal, are you proud 
I've decided, fuck everyone else, i've gotta make him mine 
mmm boots meal deal. teh win 
gots 2 head off 2 school. ha! just missed the bus  kinda happy bout that! Lol!
@alexisstar22 ohhh lol well you always on anyway  aha. you coming on in ict?x
in the aut. for gym. mad bored. texttt 
flights changed - coach booked - now roll on 18th of june so i can fly &amp; have my fun at silverstone hehe 
@GemmaCampbell am just using clarins foundation on its own now lol think i'll just stick with tht. am gooood  you in uni? xx
me n jamie foxx.  adopted n unpredictable!  will i am....boom....boom....pow!  nuf said tweeps!  
eating a huuuge cheesy pizza to ymself with the first series of teachers on dvd!  then a snooze im shattered x
@Emmaloid yeah that sounds good for fri  going to stay at greg's thurs hopefully but not sure then again on sun. yes, he is a bad lad lol
@yervan awww thx so much for the gifts i sure owe you sumthing 
@shaundivney im in perth and sway sway just won to b on radio instead of evermore. everyone choose yous  ily xxxx
@dozerz sorry mate, haven't seen your tent, didn't you have it in a few tesco bags? martin might also be coming?! awesome, cant wait 
@amara_m ah okies  You gals do a great job with the comm btw. *loves*
@RobPattinson_ hey rob, i'm ur big fans from indonesia. i can't wait ur movie.. 
on my way home from dikir barat with only the @Jonasbrothers songs to accompany me  - http://tweet.sg
@mypurpleyes thank u! x2 am so happy!  mcm tak percaya pon. hehe. just got back fr isetan @ shaw. thanks for the tip on the gap sale girl!
finally got to talk and skype with the bf  too bad its 5am for me and only 9pm for him. being across the world thing is no bueno
just broke 50 followers. 56 even. um, i have no idea who 52 of you are but, hi.  *waves* nice to have you here
LOL - I think tastespotting hates me   Or my pictures are just bad...  I'm getting used to the rejection LOL... had one on foodgawker, tho
i love alex  hope izzy lives.. and i don't care if george dies, really! sorry.. hehe!
I'm back guys speech went well i saw a few comedians preform and theres a lota laughs, now i'm here i think i'll stay for the festival 
some mondays just ont feel like mondays 
is bored. Guys watch jamie oliver everyday on the asian food channel at 7pm! 
lease signed, moving across the street from mitch &amp; autumn 
@jphodgins I'm all for it. I for one stand to greatly benefit from rebranded mondays 
Just watched jay leno show. Kings of leon were performing  they look like they've had haircuts again haha, looks good but
@tweetbrianking bro.....blipping at my office is A-ok. we're all 1099 contractors.. cant be fired.  i love you. lets grab DALAT asap
@niyeah thx udah follow.... slam knal yup ok 
@donna_de do it do it do it! hehe.. i love coke!!!  well diet coke!! the real stuff is too sugary for me! 
is in bio; can't wait for lunch  hopefully rachel will still have a face :'(
@taylor_blue myspace is dead!! why bother... 
@dave_patten so you're all about deep thoughts in pithy fashion, huh? 
@sk8inmetal hey onur  follow me  - berrin
hi gang...dani here and we have 686 bucks to give away with the secret sound!!  
@tw1lightdelight hey! I'm actually cuban. nice to meet another twi-fan. 
@dotastronomy et al. yeah it looks big  - we almost have a poster, I call that progress!
anyone think camden would be good and sit while i got a mani and pedi? 
@mmulcahy Yes!!!  I was waiting for that one. haha  What would you do with 1m dollars?  I'd tell ya... 2 chicks at once.   [office space]
@garyvee does it really matter who lebron plays? he's engineered to dominate . proud to be from cleveland  go cavs!
@camillebaltazar angus thongs and perfect snogging.  and btw, tell caludine that hwangbo is in cebu right now :O 
@fawwazrasydan awww, we should set them up on blind dates  hahaha. ape yang in common anyway?
theres a pregnant seagull outside the window.. is it still pregnant if its sitting on the egg...?   its name is peggy.. 
@DirtyA chilll ima og in the smoke game, you couldn't blow down the shit I smoke 
*mwah* my lovely ladies!   i am out!  dont let those silly boys get u riled up...it's just like theyR pulling ur hair on the playground 
i downloaded two different audio bootlegs of the tampa, fl show and i have to say, i much prefer the one with the collective screams 
in the car w tor listerning to lady gaga DANCE, awsome song. nickd riks hat and im wearing it betta haa. 
backing michael tearson at the bob dylan birthday bash this week...also continuing work on the new dan may album.  life is sweet. 
my ancestor invented the toilet. how cool is that? ahaha. you're welcome america! 
@stephieeffie hope its a good day  bumming twittwe me like, atleast i dont have it on a mobile...tut tut, u geek xx
hello twitteratis! hope you all are doing well. american idol finale tommorrow. will see if i can borrow eyeliner from adam lambert 
@dj_kimi milou!!!  ill email it to u if u want. wait 
@aka55 thats nice... poke in once in a while tho!! 
is about to go upstirs are revise french with some killer tunes lol.. im sad.. drama tomorooo  good mood lol.. love yas  xxx
hasn't been on here in a while, got alot goin on in my life right now, lots of gf problems but oh well, they are better now! 
I just wish my otherside would miss me as well, just wishes though I guess 
@mrrickybell yours was the best answer to my QUESTION!  ricky gets a gold star lol 
Night all, vegas tomorrow !  i can hear my mom trying to go cesar mulan on my puppy, hehee.
@theDebbyRyan im gonna be courageous everyday &amp; overcome challenges no matter what anyone says  inspiring quote debbie! love it 
@traumahunit man its too late to be takin all this deep ish lol..lets agree to disagree hahaha 
it was a fun dance  haha me and andrea all looking at the guy getting arrested. hahah p2!
I had fun at akon's concert, met a lot of ppl I havt seen in while too 
@ColeMSprouse hey watchin suite life on deck   
@teamabdul ha ha thanks, you guys are!..i just thought of such a cool idea! I'll message u on myspace okay?  xoxo
uh oh the history of sex on history channel im finna see why our parents were so horny that night we all came about! lol Yikes 
@moogle301 oh! yes! of course that is me!!! aren't I hot?? ;)))) jk jk just google lollipop and it's on the 1st or 2nd page of images 
school was pretty boring. didnt so quite well for midyears but not as bad as i first thought. adam lambert still on my mind. goodluck 
@andydick .. my guess is ur gunna give @lisamricci &amp; @ashleericci front row seat 2 ur show  right ??? lol
Lol sure did and yea in a great way  lol do jai ho!  by puppy cat dolls!
@airofina nite! thx again 4 the twitter bg, cant wait 2 c anymore u make. hope in ur dreams, like mine fox renewed #tscc  
@AnoopDoggDesai are you going to wear that jacket you wore for motown week on larry king live or another one? coz you have so many 
@SelenaJoey u r soo cute joey plezzzzzzzzzz follow me!! 
and your little boy crush game is getting annoying soooo stop plz kthnks  .. . . . and no its not for you
came home from watching terminator, it was okie, wasnt as good as the previous ones! played sme gears and now watching oth  awesomeness!!
@renee_66  haha gorn  your funny .. ive been voting for sway sway all arvo haha ...    #andyclemmensen #andyclemmensen #andyclemmensen
@AhhPhotography oh wow thats great!! i havent really considered photography as a career more of a side hobby but it does sound exciting 
@shaunjumpnow we should try and get #shaunjumpnow a trending topic before andy and shaun get theirs 
@_GiNA_ and then id use my magical powers and steal him from his gurlfriend  hahahah.
@Cookleta i'm off to watch it too byee..zara really tensed me sumthing to get my mind off  byeee
home from school, all snug in my bed listening to the five people who changed my life: nick joe kevin jonas, miley cyrus and taylor swift 
@samantharonson Haha I love samantha ronson...she's fan-fuckin-tastic...always makes me laugh... 
@candice5355 heyy  nothing, just listening to music. omj, got the new girlfriend and theres a double page on miley  but they said...
hm there was unfort no 'lower your eyelids to die with the sun' played during todays set. le sigh. but still goodness 
@billyraycyrus hi thought id say that my 8 year old sister loves miley so much its unreal lol, would you be able to pass this on please? 
@michaelpokocky ohh thts wonderful  its really nice 2 connect with people who r intuitively blessed...I am soo grateful 2 u pal 
@shaarni oi if your with or can talk to em tell her, her mums fine  thats if she hasnt already got in contact with her  &lt;3
@yogamad harman and graham share a bunch of letters in their last names, too   i never seem to see celebs in vinnie's class.  wonder why?
@mblack16 @hannah_bradshaw  i love your basket tosses in cheer  well doneee xo
im gonna play a game on the computer while i toke this sweet tooth...ciao 
grrrrrrrrr still havent had dinner )=  ... so kewl seeing wat clebs do  ...
relax peeps. even i don't have a sit in the courtroom.  yea, i'm the 3vi1
relax peeps. even i don't have a seat in the courtroom.  yea, i'm the 3vi1
@phubearr ohh...That's not good. Why would someone lie to you? 
@yannakism omg thats reminds me.. i can't believe i've been on a diet for 6 days already! i'm such a foodie 
just done my weekly weigh in. on target  woohoo
@jack_in_dublin are we related?! your mum sounds remarkably similar to mine 
check out @dfizzy he is a f*cking attention whore  http://youtube.com/deefizzy
@OHMYDAYSitsHayz did you not have school yesterday? you were tweeting alot   -hanzie xo
http://twitpic.com/5odaq - I do, I do.. your name is lovely  The machine lol? It's um, a mac.. my papa told me to get it, when I could ...
http://twitpic.com/5oj1z - check this out 
http://bit.ly/10y33  I just made the 1st pic there my comp background pic haha. 
@sbohannon yep, its leet. @Primewax check it out son 
chris is bringing me another work shirt coz my only shirt is dirty from last night  gotta love my friends!!
@zaridz u mean i love industry or love being a biatch? ;p it didnt hv to reveal my dark side, but yea.. its good to be able to be one 
@courtneyyy3 i had a ton of fun!  funny stories for you! like usual hahah  wish you were there miss courtney!!
@dana_zincy @blankettes i love my new hair! finally it's short!! hahahha  jean, prank them all, get jo in  so she can have a laugh too!
ooh the list are grow'ith   @ajventer @acidice @jail4bail @ch00n @marlonparker @jasonzoopy @verren @jpvanderspuy west-coast #tweetup
being thankful for my friends who make me laugh until my face hurts  good stuff.  g'nite! ? http://blip.fm/~6sw29
@KyleKalbfleisch i eant rashad evans to win to but jus to be a meanie go machida! 
@patriciaco yea alulz. sorry for barging in. ee. i just want to ask something. were you in the david david's concert? 
As named my burn scare after the famous freddy the golf ball 
@DavidArchie oh! i wish i could have watched the finale live too. jason mraz performed,your fave artist. you must be so happy. 
so, you should go check this guy out, he's pretty freakin' kewl  http://youtube.com/deefizzy #dfizzy
wake up elias.. 
kudos to @meerasapra @anaggh @fartingpen for finishing ur #jaljeera cans 
@anna_minx i dont make excuses. Just letting you know i wont beat you by as much i would like  just hope the bar takes cards as im skint
@EffFreddy well the place was really nice. unfortunately there was no one in it lol. mcdonalds was good tho 
@karlcandido haha nah babes, i just payed out this guy from grammar for being a lad, it was fun  im having a chill night with my sister
ok so i quite like lucas till now...not a bad looking boy...and hes only a year older than me  
@karinb_za my dh wouldn;t dare, he knows the consequences. And anyway, it would be too much effort for the lazy bugger  
@iajanus they aren't as mighty as the broncos 
 I'm awake! it's amazin
@smisher_goob awwwww, thats great  my mum said she sends her love. the next goob has enterd the world. i can't wait to see her, all lil &lt;3
@Annjj ahhhhh a full English !!! How's my lady 2day??? Suns out &amp; I'm happy  give my a wink from ya whispering eye LOL 
@ladygaga hey gaga howz u chick cant wait till yae tour glasgow we all think yer mad lol 
@rosie_hardy: hi, rosie. hope you're enjoying your trip! don't get too lonely, i'm sure aaron would want you to enjoy yourself. 
@CaShala who pompano well this friend looks alot betta then him lol n its not like u n pompano 
@adam_leach yep i presume i've got the latest version otherwise it would tell me  its great fun!
@wtcc you have more followers than lily allen and hayley williams put together ahhaha funny  btw my friend is like in love with you. hide
@kristinasky lookin at life thru a loaded gun, take ur best shot aim it at the sun. lookin at life thru a loaded gun u know u'll find ... 
@eenich hahaha well missy you failed on your last goal to get me a girlfriend idk about this one 
darn that fedex was the micport pro from the states.  ah well, i'll get to play with it on tuesday - yay! 
....at least i dont have to stay in a dorm  yey
going into my old school this morning with claire to get sponsors for her for race for life. mrs stewart has ordered that we visit her 
and 1 for the road gang. i once made an entire pack of wolves howl. frightening but yes its true. good nite all!! see u manana. 
guess who bought liverpool tics. me! 
http://www.online-spiel.net/  thats it 
@brainstuck no....probably we can run a contest...ppl suggesting alternative pics of urs... 
raining away in sydney, good nice 2 snuggle in bed &amp; watch a movie! i think i will watch babel again...luv that movie! 
@photogirluk That is all manner of awsome!  I want one! 
@smj8234 there is noway you couldn't be faster with those music selections   You will fly!!
oh wow past 150 updates! oh btw i dont think i tweeted bout disneyland i just spammed my school diary with how awesome it was 
is going home...see ya when i get on-line again!  http://plurk.com/p/vg017
@Lizzykinss  is lornas feelin bettar today?? lol  think me nd james are goin for a walk down sutton in a min lol.. nowt to do at skwl xxxx
@MIZZMINNIE; who the hell let you on the mic? jk, glad you had fun  when shall we work on our project ? lol (music)
@mrscarfy soo lame!  haha. jst staying @ home, facing the comp. lols. &amp; how was urs?
@HelenH20 I cant get onto fb atm phone is being stupid but that is v v good 
well we have had heaps of rain in brisbane like the park down the road from me was flooded im like holly shit man. hahahaha 
3 weeks to thoses jonas brothers and demi lovato  exited mucho?
@MAGGIECHICKEN LOL yeah well, he would be the one doing cpr and then he picks me up in his arms and we fly off and live in a magic castle 
@inrsoul @arulprasad eh my definition of a #twit is someone who tweets la. don't get me into trouble pls! 
follow duh babes @souljaboytellem &amp;&amp; @iChelz even dis soulja feen @dancebabe09 
@STOashley I'm a bengals fan, don't laugh, at least we've been to a super bowl. anyway, you should ask some bengals trivia. and reds. 
@TuAsMonCoeur i love you my petite pally  im sure french went awesomely xxx
@cmariex yea buti at least he's backed down now and accepts its for the best  what you up to today anyway? xx
hey my beautiful tweeps im off to sleepy land to dream of my rob jealous much hehehe have fun tweeting mwah xoxox 
@ FreeDadreamer good give me a ride to broadway  http://twurl.nl/6luod7
heart of life - john mayer. best song ever!!! this guy is sooo good!! 
just got off da phone wit my boo its nice 2 have sum1 who cares  now I'm going 2 sleep gud nite r shud I say gud morning lol
@joshtastic1 @paulpuddifoot don't no what your talking about, I'm an angel, id never threaten ne1 
@timbowler aw! i hope there's no huge differences in 1.2. thx for noticing 
Wondering if my bro-in-law will notice if I give him my mini van instead of the groovy convert mustang he let us drive last night. &lt;hmmm&gt; 
@shradha_mohan   i aint a believer jus a doe
@petewentz when you finally do the twitter tee thing, dont forget us in the back 
http://twitpic.com/5oohm - i made it, im rather proud  aha. miley looks radical.
@kanji86 lool  it's alright! bits are where all the magic begins ;)
@peter_blanchard Lets hope, I have not been one to go too much for quantity 
@chelsea_playboy @judez_xo hahahaha my friend got a pickup line thing onher iphone were testing it out  ahahha
pigging out on chippy coz its payday 
@steph_davies cool! i'm listening to her song right now.. 
@xxAnnaSxx But cool  With your sis? Mmh well I don't know, there's nothing great on TV I think  I'm off for a while now. cy later
@UTFox7905 lol i hear its very lucky tho  soooo if u got bombed twice id play the lottery mate 
@mediocre_mum oo you can get 2 grand off then 
@HayleyCrossar hey hayley like my new background 
yay now the tim tam made my whole mouth taste like shit hoooray for life =.= 
watching twilight bro, cause michelle makes say bro lol 
@DJSlikk man jus workin on my clothing designs  whats goin on for you?
@garimakohli lol yea they shud go suck balls  and man u really took the kareena kapoor thing to heart na ....lol silly girl
gotta frickin' re-load my ncis episodes, because my computer shut itself down - but it's okay, i can make me some foooood. 
@anke_germany yeah am good chick and u your lucky lol nat sent you a message lol 
@Lexeme I aim to please  That bunny character was crazy tonite, cute when he laid and watched tv with us though!
@rosalindamy scene steve to the rescue 
finally left school. uni here we come (yn)! cant wait til bulgariaaaa ; love katie price  xxxxx
on my way to jax soon for thomas and brits wedding rehearsal! 
okay.... so charlie and i waded thru the sea in our wellies, the tide came in nd we got stuck  the walk to shore was wet ha!!
_ ggooddmorning twitterers   follow me on twitter , mad bored yo! -think ima go grab some mcdonalds &amp;| s h o p !
@passionpit just scraped together every cent i have to go buy your album. you guys are the freakin shizz!! cant wait for november 3rd! 
hahaha i love how hyper i am right nowww. yayy chugging a coffee in 15 min! 
@miasuraya over a yr ago. buat per situ?  how long u punya planned trip?  lama2 pun, susah, everything so mahal there...  (tiru @nazra)
....bbq @ lily^^ noooo not romeo's laptop  yeeeeyyyy lets go to candy mountain charlie! 
#firstrecord - the rocky iv soundtrack - eye of the tiger, final countdown etc! 
Fearless--&gt; is falling madly in love again and getting back up and fighting for wat u want ---&gt;taylor swift's words 
#followfriday @SplashMan@dave_turner@yossarian66 great and funny souls 
oh and im going to get clip in 21inch hair extensions in adelaide tomorrow instead of permanent ones 
@lylespain @rebeccaspain woot!  congrats on 10 years!  You guys rock 
@thisisumair i'm jealous off: ur blackberry, ur roadtrip and u having time for hulu. Wish I was there rather then here... 
@tyson_hall if your passes are free, why not? 
@smellyocheese hehe. i hope it's part of the permanent line lor  cuz that green i saw on websites look nice la
@seanjosephdegan don't freaking come then!!! you're an anus! and fabulous  i love sarah and ben hannah  next sunday sound good?
@fotocarreblanc pls let us know how it goes in the shoot 
@chevale heyya! I can on9 thru lappy already. Finish playing! 
to make ur replies visible to all your followers, place a 'r' before the '@'. ofcourse, remember to space the characters. 
@elle_dee_see a wee bit sadistic aren't you? 
@stfallen cuz the catalysis of soberness does not come free 
@kathryn_mcfly &amp; goooood! ermm, not much haha. im having a lazy.. 2 days lol  but off out tomorrow  youu?xx
@thudbard Just learn a few catchy french phrases...just enough to impress the kids... 
@sporkula it would be! i wish they'd stop playing ren &amp; stimpy and catdog. i love watching aahh! real monsters, though 
@sp2hari  hmmm... nothing unsual with u ... as usual u code and it works fine 
hahah, watching barbie and the diamond castle 
@unmarketing oh, dude, did some smaller-town speaking engagements &amp; there were LOTS of aol.com biz cards handed in my fishbowl 
&quot;you and me together, could do anything, babay! you and me together, yes, yes.&quot;    helpin baby study, doc appt, laundry, cuddlin w/ darlin
gettin pied for childrens miracle network 
happy friday. i keep thinking bout that banana cake i dreamt about. see what happens when ya dont go to bed mad. u dream about cake 
@rannau awe bb you're making me blush 
@laylakayleigh naughtiness  NAUGHTINESS!!! I'm going to............huh...I gotta clean up, clear the yeard......hopefully paint
@xXxmkaiixXx LOL I was, we passed mrs levy like 5 seconds before and it scared me. And ooh alright then 
I had braces for 4yrs and i finally got em off 
@iammod btw, congrats on bein vegeterian for like two weeks  im almost at a yearrr
@mcflyharry come 2 venezuela &amp; play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
@Dannymcfly come 2 venezuela &amp; play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
@Dannymcfly come 2 venezuela &amp; play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
@mcflyharry come 2 venezuela &amp; play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
@dougiemcfly come 2 venezuela &amp;play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
Recommended @hannahbeck8 to @MrTweet 'she's smart, funny and insightful  #followfriday' http://cli.gs/AqjRLm
@Dannymcfly come 2 venezuela &amp; play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
@westmo goooood gooood mush im great it's my last day of sexy schoool loooool!!!   my party has been moved to the 25h july ages away tho
santos tonight to celebrate wit tha fam. watch out y'all...we got a lot of pent up partying to get out lol. but come party wit us 
local major supermarket of 19yrs bankrupt. hmm, not good. local econmony taking a beating too. oh well..off to gym to destress 
@Dannymcfly come 2 venezuela &amp; play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
{ pssst: there's a coupon code over here for you to save while shopping in my rikrak shop...   http://a2a.me/4kY  til sunday! @IndieNorth
@ashbashh7 yeah we can't wait  after this tour we'll prob start tourin more and our cd and merch should b out round then so maybe a label.
@mooshmedia I'd say that calls for alot more than one drink 
work -&gt; exhausting -&gt; headache -&gt; bed -&gt; mum's rhubarb pie. 
@mileycyrus miley ur amazing i am such a huge fan it would be a dream come true if u replied 
@tomrovers no mate im werkin . finnished here at 5. i can shoot by yours around 545...your on the roof in the sun right 
@stu_b A pleasure 
@horrorhannah not a beyonce fan then 
lookin up some info on the swine flu thing.... dunno why......i should really brush ma hair.... its super messy 
@greenteacup I rarely keep any journal, I just write when I have the chance  $fb
@naldzgraphics haha pleasant surprise eh? 
cnt wait 2 go in town 2moz gt to gt rid of mi b-day money  goin wif 2 of mi best friends luv u annam nd laura nd rest of u..
beachin wit kristin and the kiddos  come thru, pools open too!
@mauramora hahahaha i knoww, i was thinking bout the same thing too lol! anyway hows  your holiday mor? 
@alexparr Than you very much for the #ff and for the compliment 
@isabellaxxcsi &quot;franzne&quot; still my old account (on tg).  hmm. i think nothing's new with me. haha! still a jobros fan. ) how about youu?
@jos897 awesome-thks for the headsup. ill watch over and over 
@nickybyrneoffic hiya  nicky      i think  there  is rain  on  the  way   hope  ur well  XxXx
@bybykinzz  kan go curl tapi it wont look good on me. haha. Gunting pendek is in my list..tapi sayang...haha...trying new thing is fun 
@Leahjanell hahaha @liiviingAdream tryna make me a celebrity overnight... 
my dad is watching spongebob SquarePants at teh moment , so funny ! 
@Caneeliea laa.. owh well.. now that you can, hope u like it!!  watch out for 'rate limit exceeded'.. i hate when that happens..
@dougiemcfly come 2 venezuela &amp;play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
@ChrisJervis well gotta say sounding like uve really applied urself  feel like a proud mother saying that LOL U shld have sum gd grades
@Dannymcfly come 2 venezuela &amp; play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
@DeryaMetin hahaha as long as you wash my bra you can wear it  what do you mean with take cover from me?
@Dannymcfly come 2 venezuela &amp; play a couple of shows &amp; we'll show u our teeth &amp; wht we got underneath! make us smile smile smile  please!
@nino304  No doubt! All jokes aside, it's an incredibly (underrated) valuable, service!
the dumb ass teachers at stantonbury havn't blocked twitter yet aha so i was on it in french 
@gerry60626 yawn....I wont hold my breath 
cant wait for jack jack to be in town 
@tom_e_white we gotta get some more committers, then 
@shawtysooflyy lool why 
@Noufah salamat , what for ? nice bag btw 
@djchrisallen hehe wtf is titter twatter, fool! &lt;3 Is this the twitter language I dont know about yet? ;) how are you?  
@misspublicity thx! I'm about to go hard on the cough drops and theraflu 
lady at olive garden garden ask me if i cared for wine hmm i look 21..  cheries madd?? lmao
@Jonasbrothers wow the video is amazing yous are super hot i can't wait to see yous in london on june 15th  peace love jonas &lt;333 ox
15min and some sweat = MALM is built  not so bad hehe #ikea
@lyazalea u remember the storyline so vividly! lol bile last u baca ni? btw, i dh tgk golf club. nice place!  wat's ur 1st place again?
jon the crazy tweeter 
hmm i wana see britney spears  shes a freak! haha
@Dpeterson329 remember, ppl were calling democrats a lost cause circa 2005. I'm just saying, nothings lost that can't be found again 
@YungHaze  (blushing) dnt think u can figure me out now
@TimeTruthHearts hahah yes thank goodness for money. next paycheck = disneyland year pass! im SO stoked. 
@jima6636 i got E-H done with lucky vids 
@iamdiddy  80 what catch me up LOL 
Watching the battle between islander asians &amp; the common asians  its hott.
@songzyuuup aww ur welcome sweetie   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
Going to inshape.  needa lose weight :/ and that's were ima study for my pe finals! Lol
@unitechy @Spitphyre hehe what to do what to do, handsome guy che photo mein  and my committment of life 
@julesb137 I miss you already. I was thinking.. I really wanna see a larger pic of @football5711 twit pic of you hah.. Such a cute child 
josh harnet is a fine piece of ass ilh* &lt;3 lol just got home from the gym, took a shower, now in bed watching that 70s show!!!  goodnight
@7angela7 hope so.. anyway I should go pak my stuff .. nice talking to you again  thanks for all your great comments on my paintings 
@jeska_nicole  woo woo! it's down for the count and some bands ive never heard of. it'll be a good show and theres a dennys
@fang congrats, yours was the first external contribution to @KateLundy's wiki. 
@interteen 15 rolstoelen!!? what the faith, da's cool 
@joshkin you looked chubby in your profile pic! hehehe. peace!  (as if I'm not chubby) hehe.
@ladygaga transmission gaga vision is dope. Just spent an hour watching all of them w my mom. You're mah va lous dahlin! So entertaining. 
@DavEOFFKB haha, they startin a movement, diddy dont write no one back! 
laying in bed...cant go to sleep...now i know how amor feels with the exception of a broken foot  stuck in lala will-land &lt;3
watching what happens in vegas 
@PS1968 OK then.. hurry back. hehe I'm glad that you enjoyed my music! 
tummy hurts, scary movie on mtv &amp; texting jonathan 
@GabrielSaporta I think it's gunna be a tie between gabe and frank  but ;O I don't know who to choose
djodylouise thx a bunch 
@melaniemayron52 helpin' you reach the 2000 mark 
@trent_reznor then with who?  saw the show the other night at mountain view, it rocked! ty soo much for coming back to mountain view! 
oh, snow leopard come with svn 1.6.1 and ant 1.7.0. no need to update svn and ant 
@krismorris I do aim to mix education in with my fluff!  hehe
this is random but someday, i wanna find a guy like david archuleta  hes so sweet and caring!and cute. tehhe.
My bf puked in a bar, great 22nd 
Listening to ''shogun'' by trivium, twittering, and playing my ds  life couldnt get any better..
http://twitpic.com/61fo7 - epic new t shirt/boob shot ftw. 
hey...i will go to school tomorrow, mia, randi, angel, i dont care who, if one o u guys gets this ill be in lars's portable doin art 
@RentToOwnHomes dude i love kalispell montana. most crystal blue water i've ever seen.  really spectacular thx for the follow!
good knight eveyone 
@mrs_acm yeah it must be darn good if it kept your attention haha 
@_alps i got the 1st answer after googling fir bore ho gayi  sorry! LOL @ guess by @brainstuck
@kevinzahri for that area, it IS amazing! hahah! 
@blackarazzi lol we all will b supporting u so tht black list might hav to turn white lol u got the blks following u babe I'm 1 
No reason not get involved cali...http://www.marriageequality.org  (via @FrankFay)
@vlai1983 new meaning for vdb. v the douche bag. jk! 
uhg got so borEd! missing persons.. i guess thay missed me too.. ll yea they do... hopes o.. uhmm. still watching horibb movies..suckish! 
@MirandaBuzz hey miranda! why don't u post a video on youtube, that ur singing while playing the guitar! that would be totally cool! 
@StinkyShelby hahaha i wish!!! i wish i had a guy doll  i should make one, but i do have a james poster
@LanKwaiFong  italians...yup then the fashion awareness needs to go up
@winecountrydog nope, native Californian through and through. 2nd generation, even.  I just know ms. pug's pugtonas. They move. 
@evaangelinaxxx especially when u finger and rub urself until u cum! 
@wilks second reply was a lil better...  
@jakey_horney there's a job going at point clare pharmacy! lols 
i love the song the climb by miley cyrus 
@jonnyzai unlike benedict?i saw ur fierce frenz comment *lol*fine.we shant quarrel coz of this show.i will love mine and yours, as will u 
@LillyVixen i'mm frommmmm essex  n same to you (y) x
@tommcfly what's the problem with this room service ? hahaha poor of you ... and, tom, do you like yoda ? 
@nsane8 its a good warning.  trust me. ;) (via @aka55) =&gt; i trust u!! 
@joesephjonas funny i asked a question about that...and you answered w/o knowin it  kat. please can you say hi to my brothers juan &amp; pablo
@ddlovato Demii cant you give us a preview or something like that soon? i really wanna hear it 
@SicknastyLaura haha yeah  i went to the movies in 6th grade 4 a field trip to see freakin harry potter! i fell asleep hahaha!
@jimmyfallon .... cool, i will watch just to see the horse 
icecream social was gay hahaha but omg that text message.. &lt;333 
&quot;chasing stars and losing shadows. peter pan and wendy turned out fine. so won't you fly with me.&quot;  !!
my sister bought this nail polish today, and when it dries it smells suppperr goood! its kinda fruity 
@SHES_BAD hmmm..stay with the kick... 
lebron  is it weird that i LOVE basketball...mmm new found love
like omg... dry off in the shower... uugh..  this is the gym but still ur fukin ugly.!  jk everyone beautiful.. it was jus gross.!
hahah lights went out that was hilarous lol 
hmm...i guess ill research law schools..why not  i dont know much about them! why not learn yay! plus idk what to do after i graduate
feet are killing me. walked everywhere in the city with momzy. then dined at some chinese cuisine mr. wang or something.  i love her.
just got back from seeing the play... again. so proud of seth 
@vintageozarks friendly note i now tweet mostly @bob_brill feel free to add follow  you had requested follow of my original account.
@jambajim I got a kick out of wht u wrote d other day abt d redbull  whts funnier; I thought u meant sneakers, bt it was snickers. ha!
crank dat @jbarsodmg smile -&gt;  lol
Tastes amazing!!  looks like a crater after all these scouts have taken their share.. http://yfrog.com/0wv3sj
http://twitpic.com/65wus - Sanfrancisco dim sum  just what I neeeeed!
Two souls with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one. xo  sims &lt;33 waitinq for a call from him 
missin' someone badly. ha ha 'someone'. that's a mystery. who might HE be?, 
@smackamara harden up! hahaha... hows it all going??  man i am so tired.... but beers at work is good  hehehe
Aw, so happy I have a friend that actually cares  It means alot, lovie &lt;3
@coeurs_de_sucre hahah, aiight  what kind of program are you signing up for =o (if you don't mind me asking xp)
Just saw a serious andrew mcmahon look a like 
@jaclyn_t well I'm a nice guy... wouldn't push you in the water! can't ruin that ipod of yours.  
@viciouselegance - lol dont hate dont hate.  at least i aint a light weight someone crashed hella quick @ my party if i remember correctly
@mcrluvr4evr  its ok, the internet can lie so many times...but bandit is a sweet name!
@dj_big_kid haven't been to any of ur gigs. waiting for personal invitation or private gig  when ah?
@devon_says hahaha !! We are always like that after maths. It's like being freed from prison !   Ah...the freedom !!
is glad to know karma will always be a sweetie tp the betas because of all the good the put out into the world 
@kirstiealley I think u need ur own talkshow personally 
(cont.) we went through my entire yearbook and then we talked about the jonas brothers because i &lt;3 them so much 
i wish i could go get drunk with all my old laguna peeps tonight. have fun tonight hueezy!make sure katie wears her subway gloves tonight 
@racquel_xx its like the tiniest pic ever but idk cos i love them immensely 
@SelenaJoey hey joey  i never got to take a picture with you!! how come.. and do you live in vancouver?
@EgyptoKnuckles hay u...my day was good  bout 2 feel betta after I sip sum of dis here wine &amp; spread out on da couch...how was your's?
@nadhiyamali Yes... I wonder why he ws playin tht song on a train in the first place. 
@ArtoFaSho 346  &amp; shutup melissa, now he has a ride to northgate.
mhmm.interesting hash. #fuckprop8 &lt;-trendy  follow meh 4 updates in th #lgbt comm. you all know i cant do it alone,help me with the change
Yes i finally finished my joe jonas portrait XD ill post a pic soon i guess it came out good ill let u guys be the judges 
talkin to kreeper.gettin manson's new album and shirt in a few days and sims 3.can't wait.no life. bought a manson shirt yesterday.  ggg.
i'm gonna sleep waaaay good tonight. thanks to emory! 
@selenagomez aw dont cry, u still have the memories 
@whoissheila YAY an artificial kris on twitter, just whenever you hear something that is of kris-nicity and not uber private, post er up 
@angie_z im not the devil just straight tell the truth aNg 
@vetiebabie wo0t tell moms I said what it do!?!  let her knw my tung iz long among other things ;)
@nooshin63 tnx dear 
Haha charlie wasnt paying attention and ran into me and made the cutest expression!  he makes me happy
@LogomotiveMike me too. It's strange to me when ppl don't shake milk. 
@aargenz1 thx for the mention! 
http://twitpic.com/662ce - new freaking shirts rock 
I am self proclaimed yungtruth jus a soul wandering the streets nd the galaxy undr god one day I'll make it till then fuc all  noh8
is going to a masquerade ball in june  yay
... first it was me and jay havin dinner @ 4 peaks but what a surprise! shane andrea and gang showed up 
@hellotam oh ha ha. I know what that is like! but trust me that could fade  amongst the flurry of frappucino season. 
@pravacouture Its ok. I have the @loadingreadyrun ringtone so I think that makes me a bigger geek then having a rick roll ringtone. 
@b50 of course, we trust u wudn't do tht. its great to see the enthu anyway 
its finally the holidays! drew an art piece kinda like a card with jamie.. talent doesn't fail me! 
took a short nap. headache. ugh. @adam_lambert is an impostor. i'll dm him for fun. LOL 
@tatotat yes, ping pong bing bang dun dash NOW! 
@Jalanii pssssss....ur cute shhhhhh...its a secret noone knows you are 
@Djalfy our little dj is all famous with thousands of follows. of course your fanbase would double with another skirt vid 
@katie_kincaid bahahahaha true. it is him hehe 
Anyone going to edwards tomorrow? i wanna see dance flick and slide down the rails near where fatburger was 
@MzRaYrAe why i gotta be a loser helment lol i mean my beautiful buddy with a nice smile 
@benfloro a communication revolution  - hmmmm not sure any of the *engineers* will be at drinks tonight
@revealingglory thanx a bunch 
@mornane oh you're so funny phoebe- at least i'm not on the cover of a biscuit box in a compromising position :p bahaha! fyi, pete posted 
can the hoedown throwdown untill the stick &amp; glide.  but not sooo fast as miley and mandy =(
crap...bio tomorrow...need to do bio hw now...buh bye!! sweet dreams!!!! aw man bio TEST! damn...mmm but maybe ill go to the movies after 
@leo9018 whatever then suit yourself I see right through your lame excuses 
@aimizubouken @nazra hehe..yup that the format for writing formal letter..learn it at school 
@scarletmandy LOL!! cz everyone loves u hahahaha 
@fruityalexia hahah the royal. But sadly back to work now. Also I suspect you might also have to fight your way through a 4'11&quot; ninja. 
@mileycyrus is it the coffee just like you say in miles to go? oh and im sure someone will take you to prom,  xo godbless
@joedawson fridays have been useless for me lately, anyway. 
listening to some good ol' frank sinatra and ella fitzgerald. how i love old school jazz! 
@StephineStunna hey girl.. if you ever decide on getting started, hit me up with a dm and i'll give you advice.. 
haha this is gunna sound very immature but i just had a paper fight on this us home lol...zac deserved it tho  me and chris have good aim!
@XXXTJCummings    ahahahaha love me sum britney! 
@karianneh but maybe men *do* know better about pregnancy... outside perspective, etc    nah, just kidding.
@quarrygirl thx girlie  it's been craaaaaazy but i'm ok   missed you too! when the dust settles we must lunch...forealz!!!
i just got my text  time to reply and get my kick ass sway sway baby ringtone. yeah im that shallow haha
@LittleLee  yes, i did fall asleep,,,again! Lols hmm excuses excuses! I bet you can't dance fo shizz :p
my ipod and listen to some taylor swift now  yup yup then i will feel much better...lol...text it 903 374 1215...sweet dreams
beeen a lazzzzybum with a cuppa and waking up in vegas playing  weathers niceeeeeeeee
@markhoppus umm give them to ur #1 fans like me 
@timshoults  I hear ya, I want to punch my screen sometimes when glitches happen.  All good though 
im back to the online world!!!yey!!!feel like a druggie getting another hit....pure pleasure! 
tweetin from the airport. au revoir, loves. 
@jennytornado ok whats wrong turtle dove u havent said 2 words to me all night  i said i was sorry for what i said about ur mom ...  
Watching baseball fight exciting ha ha 
Suns just come, surf is smashing-light offshore-rory gallagher festivial on+surfchicks play the bull-come on, you know you want to 
Suns just come out, surf is smashing-light offshore-rory gallagher festivial on+surfchixxx play the bull-come on, you know you want to 
just finished watchin some crazy fighting movie, tite tite .. gona go to bed yo ill tweet sum more later for sure  
cuhz I'm loose off that goose   http://twitpic.com/666pk
or maybe diapers  would u change my depend hehehe
http://twitpic.com/666te - @mattchedit nope, real squirrels 
@AdamLambertNews hey! thanks so much  my feline and I now arrived at destination, yeah exciting  only 3 hrs behind you now
it'll jus be for a little bit. i aint goin bOther yall allll nite. unless it turns into that. haha ;) let's get sum sum o' this started 
@maheshmurthy whoa! exotic destinations  have fun
@Ceeceejayes lol sucks.. hey on monday can i just go to yur house like 10 mins b4 yuh end up leavin to the station.. ?? 
@LimeIce ooh superb...i jst rmbrd...my shades r limegreen!  hehe...the world looks so mellow when i wear them..sort of like aftr it rains!
This #ff , try @AdamJTP - recent tweets include maths, IT, theology, &amp; he's a jolly nice chap 
I am actually happy that archie picked ronnie over betty. Its a sign of hope for all us spoiled brats out there 
@adrenalynntoao u needa come out to cali or somethin, come tat me up! u could finish my sleeve  heheh
@LemonadeJade umm 2 grand and the sax guy.. i think that was last nights haha, im goood  not heard from you in aaages
leave me something good or ill erase this crappy addictive site lol  got it goodness loll  ha ha  rawrrrr !!!!!!! love Billyjoel
#fr @phil76 awesome thank you man! 
hi peoples dang im tired my bf broke up with me and i need someones sholder to cry on at least my friend is setting me up with her ex 
@lilyna grocery shopping whilst hungry is a no no.  smoked salmon..even if im a vegetarian is yummy. no doubt about it! hope ur settled.
hmm. weekend getaway with my family!! whee!! 
