Most common words for this cluster:
[('ugh', 514), ('i', 34), ('work', 31), ('day', 30), ('today', 25), ('na', 24), ('tomorrow', 21), ('night', 20), ('school', 16), ('home', 15), ('time', 15), ('sick', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ugh', 0.9999639987945557), (u'Aww', 0.6989443302154541), (u'Yikes', 0.6982648372650146), (u'Oh', 0.6973239183425903), (u'Wow', 0.693294107913971), (u'Ooh', 0.6836271286010742), (u'Hahahaha', 0.6825917959213257), (u'oh', 0.6813258528709412), (u'Uhh', 0.6793412566184998), (u'YUCK', 0.6789861917495728)]





I am going to be 30 in a month...  Ugh 
Feeling a bit better today, at least I can walk. I have NO idea what happened yesterday. On my way to school now... Ugh... 
I'm going to put myself out of this misery and go to freakin bed.  Ugh 
thinks factorial designs are going to be the death of my test &quot;A&quot;.  Who comes up with this confusing &quot;mathy&quot; stuff?  Ugh 
finished everything she needs to do at work tonight.  Ugh...three hours of nothing coming up... 
finalising annual report for 2008... Ugh 
Heroes is soooo boring. Ugh and I just found out there are 3 more episodes this season. 
@MaryBethune I'm great thanks! Ugh! I have school today. 
The only thing I'm enjoying about this night so far is the wine. Ugh, we're getting our asses handed to us 
I'm having access issues again.  Ugh, suckage! At least I can view and post via the proxy, but I want to be able to browse the normal way.
My phone is still broken. I'm camping with work again so it won't really bother me until tomorrow. Ugh 
I'm gonna cry  I only did a 4 club hop tonight  It was supposed to be 8 !!! Ugh I hate it
@raventalon40 but I did fall asleep earlier  keep yawning.. Ugh
@gomezzephyr Ugh sweetie, Ugh 
@Elinari Ugh gjugrngfnr 
@macNC40 Ugh, no. I work. 
Still awake! Ugh I officially don't feel good! 
I'm so tired and I have my cousins grandmas funeral to go to tomorrow at 1.. Ugh 
Getting ready for school! Ugh... 
At schoooool.  Ugh   this week is gonna be a longg one.
@zoziekins I hate my life haha. I need to pass this too  Ugh.
I feel a little sick and this headache thats coming is not helping at all. Ugh I need nicotine hopefully that will help. 
The next time I'm home, I hope my brother will kindly keep his germs to himself. Ugh. 
Is worse than yesterday... Ugh sick = 
On the way to school without any breakfast. Ugh now I'm gonna be starving til lunch. 
I don't wanna leave yet. Ugh 
This cig smoke is giving me a headache. Ugh 
@arshi92 It does indeed involve boys ha... I'm so tired of stupid shit starting drama. I'm tired of questioning and wondering. Ugh. 
@djshogun I know I should be. Ugh! 
really, roommate, really? The walls are paper thin, and all your friends are idiots and jack asses, please tell them all to leave. Ugh. 
I miss working in a kitchen.  The jokes, the chaos, the harassment.  Ugh 
Not looking forward to the rest of this weekend. Ugh. 
wants her hubby to come home from work! Ugh I'm so lonely right now 
Working. Maths past papers. Ugh!! 
@jbgreen Ugh...I work too much 
andrea's phone died. she's at aprils and now we can't talk all night  Ugh! i miss her lovely voice so much  &lt;333 i love you andrea!!
9 hours of sleep should be more than enough to feel well rested... why don't I? I feel like I'm getting a headache as well... Ugh! 
getting ready for work. Ugh...i have too much to do 
pissed that there are black outs at my house... Ugh my laptop keeps dying on me!!! 
Definitely ate the wrong thing tonight  Ugh
I am only peeing  i wanna come to you! Ugh
I gotta get movin!  I've been working all night and feel like I haven't done anything!  Ugh! 
Another rainy day. Ugh. 
My headache is making me feel nauseous. Ugh. I hate this feeling.  - http://tweet.sg
My eyes r drivin me crazy! Ugh!  they're all itchy and dry
Now da damn driver jus shut da bus off n went inside cook! Ugh! I jus wanna sleeep! 
They screwed up the finals schedual! Ugh. I had it all planned out, too 
Just seen some of the most disgusting shit on the internet. Ugh. I feel depraved and corrupted 
Just got off. And i opened today. Really? Ugh 
I'm totally jittery right now! Ugh 
About to go downstairs.. Ugh I'm all kinds of bored.. 
Finally can hit the hay. Two hour nap and off to the airport. Ugh...and still no ticket for tom night 
I really should be sleep...Ugh! 
Lunch is over.. Ugh. I really can't watch it! We're not going home yet 
So aly screams happy mother's day! Then hugs benny! Ugh. 
@ShaiBrooklyn Ugh, I hated that as well. Especially when you have to close and then open the next day. 
Shiiiiit, I hate ap testing. Ugh, I'm dreading thisss 
my brother is leaving tomorrow hes been here just two days... Ugh 
Just getting out of work. Ugh 
So it starts raining today?? Ugh we were doing good 
5 hours till my next exam. Ugh..wish me luck again! 6pm... 
@Kristen14 is packing for august. Ugh why? I dont want you to leave me.  this summer will be the sadest summer of my life! Ugh
Stilll can't sleep. Ugh! 
It's 12:30 in the morning and I'm researching complications during pregnancy!!  Ugh! But if I want it accurate, I have to research!
I'm tired. But we got a few minutes to go. Ugh. And it's stillllll hot &amp; supposed to be 104 tmrw 
I feel so, so sick. Ugh, three more hours and I can go home. Only to be back in here at 5:30   
@MCsavedmylife nothin much just layin in bed tryin not to throw up! Ugh  girl phase lets just call it! Its that time of the month
Why is it so gloomy out?  I woke up in such a good mood and its gloomy out! Ugh!
Going to work. 8 to 3 today. Ugh 
I realized that ever since I got back home from my &quot;vacation&quot; ; I haven't been myself :/ at all. Ugh 
All I wanted was some breakfast and mimosas    a lox bagel with black hair is not what I had in mind! Ugh gross!
Going to sleep after finishing my homework.  Ugh religion unit 4 review so annoying!!!
My sunburn hurts so fucking bad. I'm about to take the most painful shower of my life, but it needs to be done. Ugh. 
@LivingBeaverton  Ugh
Not tired...it just keeps running through my mind. Ugh 
Why doesn't life come with a reset button? Or even a rewind? Ugh 
I have my first cold sore in over a year. Ugh. 
can't sleep  and counting sheep is getting reallllllly boring. Ugh!
Doing homework. Ugh. 
Trying this again .. Ugh im not having a good night ..  .. But im so happy were safe and that my hope is home! I really missed her
My skin has not been kind to me this past week. Ugh. I feel like a troll. 
My throat hurts really bad, my nose is stuffy, and my head hurts.  Ugh.  
;; car still not readyy  !,. Ugh
Going to help a friend move his mattress and sign up for scholarship. Ugh, my lungs feel all itchy, and coughing makes my tummy hurt 
Why do I take days off work? Ugh...it makes the day I come back absolute chaos!  
People playing christmas music, really? Is that necessary.. Ugh, feeling a little sick 
I can't sleep!!!!! Ugh!!!! 
@Mellicious_ Ugh ! now ya make me want to have one too, but I'm broke like hell 
I am in disbelief that my baby is ONE today!  That was the fastest year yet.  Ugh, do they seriously only get faster?  
Why is it that whenever I even talk to another guy I feel like I'm cheating on him? We're not even together! Ugh. 
cylus..one of my co-workers..is in the hospital :/ they think he might have had a stroke. Ugh. I feel like crying 
i wish my thoughts would shut up and let me sleep! Ugh!   i hate this.
@Trevian Ugh.  I'll be the bad guy then. P.S I have an idea for your business card. Something simple.
@StDAY Ugh, I hate that too.  
@BritRick09 yay! Ugh, ima have to carry a lot of stuff 
I should have gone...lol.  I just got a picture of what they're dressed like.  Ugh I hate my knee...
@TheFunnyJosh valid... Ugh!!!!! 
Heavily medicated but can't sleep. Ugh... 
... A kidney stone. Really?? Ugh  http://tinyurl.com/qsw9vq
@AmandaSevasti Ugh, frustrating. I see a few briefs a week with groups in them, mostly from traditional agencies. 
How I wish I get at least 2 days-off in a row. 1 day off is not enough to rest.  3 days on, 1 day off, 4 days on, 1 day off...Ugh!!!
Just got up a half hour ago.... Ugh not much sleep 
Only four hours and fifteen minutes until three day packing spree!!! Ugh work 
Frustrating when u r in the mood, but your partner is at work. Ugh! 
So bored in chem n im super hungry! Ugh 
Just got back from school! Ugh I don't want to go to the dance tonight 
@dcorsetto Ugh my trousers do that too and I've never found a way to combat it! It's so weird 
People are just pisssing me offf. Ugh 
Just thought about my hubby being deployed n now I got the blues  I need a stiff drink but I'm breastfeeding so no booze for me :/ Ugh!!
Is not going to service tonight due to the fact that i've yet to find a dress for prom tomorrow. Ugh 
The chocolate tattoo is all for you baby. Ugh I dont wanna be cooped up inside on a friday night 
Once again, i got the effin flash!! Just now! I'm @ 4 speedn camera tix for this yr! Ugh, so over it 
listening to my dad complain about any &amp; everything! Ugh!! 
@AnnetteStatus Ugh, iceing my hands, i burned them at work  you?
Really tired, gonna go to sleep soon. I probably won't be able to sleep though, I'm too stressed out.  Ugh.
@drop_d yea, now you got all these stupid reality show... Ugh 
@drop_d yea, now we got all these stupid reality shows.... Ugh 
Ugh waking up to this thunder constantly is gonna kill me. I have to get up 430 but i cant sleep when i keep waking up. Ugh. 
I really hate sleeping alone. Ugh. 
Apparently mango juice bacardi and lucky makes me puke. Just wanted to say. Ugh 
My shins are always the first part of me to fall asleep when I am tired... Ugh. 
I'm tired but i can't fall sleep i just keep tossing and turning.  Ugh i gotta be up at 7 
@heykim I'm not sure, I think I sprained it somehow...  I went 2 this chiro/physio place and I have to go 10x for treatment. Ugh. 
Car wash today. 10:30 to 3... Ugh 
@MZJUICY2RICH4U ohh. Ugh everyone gettn their shit but meee! 
Just waking up... I think I  had one cosmo to many! They tasted so good I couldn't taste any liquor! Ugh my head hurts 
@AmysFinerThings   That is why I keep trying to load it. I've tried probably 5 times but keep getting the same thing.  Ugh!
Under this hot ass dryer. Ugh. I hate it. 
Sitting in a training all day! Ugh so tired  fml!
I'm vomitting again. I'm not sure what the probLem is.     I'm the most non-pregnant person with morning sickness. Ugh.
Just got up... Ugh definitely dont want to work 12-9:30 tonight 
@mfhorne newry!?! Ugh, why didn't I hear about this before 
Working 3am - 1pm tomorrow  Ugh 
@shaun_duhh no way really!!! Ugh! I wanna go! I already made a commitment to work with my friend at some new bar that's opening up  boo!
My legs are bothering me  Ugh I wish I had answers.
One wedding down, one to go. Ugh, and a dance tonight 
I'm home I'm exhausted &amp; still have hang over headache! Ugh 
@misschilanta U got that right save my dough! Ugh girl I have the worst headache 
Going to a funeral/memorial service. Ugh, I wish we would find a cure for cancer already. 
feeling ill  Ugh  
@paint_me_blue I believe you. And I agree. Ugh 
My twitterberry was trippen today! Ugh I feel reallyyy sad. 
@yeahkylieyeah I'm doing the same thing. Ugh I don't wanna do homework 
Watching some more desperate housewives. So far behind. Ugh. 
I'm like so bored right now! Nothins on at 12 am! Ugh! 
feels terrible all of a sudden. Ugh 
My throat is sore, trying to get sick! Ugh! 
STRESSING OUT  Always picking up other peoples' slack. Ugh.
Why did I have to see his myspace.  *Ugh* memories.
HeaDachE! Ugh 
I just dropped my phone...really bad drop...not good. And I so smartly decided to not use the case today. Ugh. 
I need steel fucking plates around my house and a really intense security system to have peace of mind at night. I have neither. Ugh 
Oblivion gives me room spins.  Ugh. 
I am not feeling well. Ugh 
@DefinitelyAlex Ugh. I hate you! I want an all-you-can-eat breakfast.  
Morning twitts! Ugh another day of work 
@Mimidncr96 hahaha you always makin me happy! And i left it at home  im at de sportsplex! Ugh i might not play :,(
Working so early in the morning  i'm so tired and believe i'm getting sick.. Ugh..
@Mimidncr96 haha alright! But ya i swear ima start crying if i cant play which i probly cant! Ugh 
Now i have a food and drink belly .. Ugh gonna have 2 do more sittups and planks later 4 that .. 
@ohhhleann why don't you live closer to Flinttown?! Ugh 
I'm so tired that my eyes keep closing. Ugh 
Finally a proper case for my phone! Ugh, stupid scratch on the screen 
Why I am so cold right now?!? Ugh, I just can't seem to get warm 
The heat and severe cramping is not a good combination whatsoever... Ugh. 
Boys are being super bad today. Ugh  think it is time for bed
Theres a fucking shocker! I have twilight! Ugh 
is going to go do the dishes unfortunately. Ugh... 
I start class tomorrow..... Ugh  fml
@Audioscapist more guinness could help?   Ugh stones. 
.. I'm soooo tired !! Ugh 
The one thing I hate about summer is bees. You can hear them flying around you but when you look, can't see them anywhere. Ugh. 
Just woke up from a nightmare.. Ugh it felt so real 
Goodmorning. I don't feel good. I want to curl up and cry myself to sleep. This weather right now fits my mood. Ugh 
On the way to school. Ugh. I am so tired. 
@YoungQ i hope so, i feel left out now  why does work have to block me! Ugh!
@SolidMetalSnake chabot?? Ugh I got class at 9:20 it sux 
@DoctorJohnSmith Ugh, no idea. 
woke up once at 7am, fell back asleep til 1:30ish. haha.  AND had like 2 nightmares.   Ugh.
I truly hate mondays.. You get to enjoy your weekend to then have to come back to work &amp; deal with b.s. Ugh! 
@Vonster Ugh. I hope that doesn't mean you got burned 
@LilliJ I wish you luck in the future with those neighbors! Ugh! I hate that for you. 
My head hurts sooo bad right now! Ugh...I hate being sick! 
Knowing your sick but you still have to go into work b/c your not on your death bed.. Ugh!!!!!! 
My niece is in the hospital  today is just a bad day. Ugh.
Just got home from the dentist. Ugh I hate going there..my cheek and tongue (yes my tongue) is all numb 
Wow I am seriously stupid!!! I would rather be anywhere else but here! Ugh   
Being a teenager sucks, dude. I hate it. I can't wait to just graduate high school &amp; get away from all this drama. Ugh. ! 
@mmmfelicious Ugh, I want to see it live so badly... I could've gone last year, but I chickened out 'cause I didn't know anyone... 
is laying in bed, sick.  Ugh, school tomorrow. :/
Just found out that I'm getting 4 fillings tomorrow.  Ugh.
About to prob freak out. Verrrryy bad storm and I hate storms. Ugh 
@cjgraphix I talked to a young woman today who didn't even know who he was.  Ugh ! 
...ok! I'm up! Ugh. I hate turn-around shifts. 
says Ugh, workwebsite, please load faster. I'm starving.  http://plurk.com/p/xufug
@wallflowergrows Me too.  I just have a bad feeling about this week. Ugh.
Morning!!! Why is it so gloomy out?  I woke up in such a good mood and its gloomy out! Ugh..I need the sun for my energy!!!!
@itsa1derful_lyf  Ugh...I worked super late last night and woke up late this morning 
My contact lens are starting to bug me again. Ugh, talk about de ja vu. 
@sonni83 Aww boo boo   Car trouble is like the most frustrating thing! Ugh
@DanaLanePhoto Ugh, I have almost the whole day of the warehouse shoot left to edit, a newborn sesh, AND a live show yet. 
@topmodelEema yea I feel u. U see how I feel comin from my own shit having to go bck to live wit mom. Ugh 
I'm so tired. This class is such a drag.  Ugh, and math.
It's raining again. Ugh! did not want to get out of bed this morning. 
Trying to juggle melons! I keep dropping it! Ugh! It's heavyish tho! 
Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!   
My sisters  r fighting again! Ugh! 
:can't go to sleep. Ugh, going to be tired for exams. 
So the elf still hasn't shown up to clean my stove  guess I'll cave and do it myself! Ugh!
I feel sick to my stomach... Ugh 
@enjoyyourbunny oh no  I think watermelon does not like my stomach. I didn't even eat any today and I still had to go. Ugh.
...bout 2 go2 sleep 4 like an hour n get back up a 5:::...2 get dressed...:::smFh...TiiReD &amp;| Ugh 
About to go to school soon . Ugh 
Heading to work.... Ugh I don't wanna go. I'm so tired it's like groundhog day everyday. 
I'm waiting for @alexaaa101 to go online! Ugh, where the hell are you?  I need to tell you something!
Glass of wine + branding = bearable assignmenting . Ugh, #sadface still 
Is sleepy again.   Ugh, I want to learn how to dive! http://twitpic.com/6iwxo
@gina_pina_14 I hope so. Ugh, I'm so tired 
@kristenmstewart @ameliastrauss Ugh! I'm going to have to take a rain check today too! I've got to be way out 280 by 1 p.m. 
I'm sure this will be one of the hardest things I'll ever have to face.... Ugh.... 
m...sleeping in the car tonight?? Ugh 
My baby's kicking. Ugh. 
It turned out to be a beautiful day!! But I still have a bad headache!  Ugh!!!
Home from searching around town for a cheap pair of brown shoes... Ugh, no luck!  I'll try again this weekend... Or next
Finally done decorating for my open house tomorrow. Now doing more scrapbooking. Ugh 
Graduation Soon. Ugh 
I'm in a lot of pain  this whole ankle being torn up is not really working for me. Ugh.
The lady messed up my eyebrows  I look like a total idiot! Ugh!! :'(
I still feel crapy  i keep seeing black! Ugh i hope i dont pass out
@kiwibrit I couldn't make today.  jetlag had me awake at 6am, then passed out at 9am. Ugh.
I'm so stupid. I get upset over nothing, and I can't get anything right. I'm so dumb. Ugh... 
Getting some indigestion from the tacos I had for dinner... Ugh. 
Getting ready for work. Ugh 
After last week, having severe anxiety about working at the bar tonight  I don't waaaannna.  I hope it's not busy. Ugh.
@PeteyBennett Ugh, Sezar is a right tool.  That had to be uncomfortable for you.  
Restless. Night. Ugh. 
I don think ive ever had a worse nights rest....Ugh..nightmares...and shivering...and lack of sleeping. 
Just woke up. Ugh I overslept. 
@emsypems I KNOW! It was such a legend program, they NEED to make a sequel! Ugh exams suck so badly, and they're all important and grr 
just woke up from the worst nightmare. Ugh. 
Is pissed cause the color in his hair is being stupid. Ugh. 
Days turning out horrible when I'm trying to make it a good one  why do I always have the worst luck? Ugh
I am on the verge of a migraine as well as an eight hour shift. Ugh. 
I woke up with a sore throat and weird feeling sinuses. Normally it goes away, but it's still lingering. Ugh. 
why is it that i always get scheduled till five thirty when i have SUCH exciting things planned. Ugh.  
g'night. Ugh, work in the morning 
Lately when I take naps they are so deep the dreams are so weird and insane. Ugh 
The hardest things about these types of stories are that I only have a short amount of time. I have to cut out some great things!! Ugh 
Classes starts 2moro. Ugh!  http://plurk.com/p/yyv22
@Lidiamoreee I never see the ice cream truck come by my house!  Ugh your lucky!
So rico leavin today is hittin me now and i cant stop cryin.. Ugh!!! I @ guess i am gonna miss him.. 
Maybe bed will = less tears. Ugh... 
Freezing at the drive-in. Ugh i shouldve packed more blankets! 
My chest is on fire! Ugh! 
@chester_lampkin we did it again! Ugh, almost the same score tonight! 
wabts to know why I always attract the crazies  I just want someone semi-normal! Ugh.
This sucks, every1 left me. They ALL went to a pow wow.  they didn't even tell that they were goin this year. Ugh so not kool. :'(
@yasexy mannnn I gotta find sumtheenggg!!! Ugh 
@SamMen Lol I may go to bed early but then I wake up in the middle of the night like this... Ugh 
Only last one dollar tonight. Not to shabby! Ugh but I gotta hit the road for a long drive 
I shall never eat THAT much ever again. I swear. Ugh. 
My camera finally broke  Ugh, so many things I need are breaking!
Another day at work...oh noooooooooo leeann is working! Ugh  not in the mood to deal with her stupidity!
I just hope I can find my focus repair manual so I can attempt to fix my window w/o help though its supposed to rain all day,Ugh  fck this
Wishing some celebs would fucking follow me!!!!! Ugh twitter sucks if you're not one of them 
My 10 year old sister has a boyfriend and i don't. Ugh. I feel even more pathetic. 
@trumbling Ugh, sorry 
I hate my phone. It's not working again. Ugh! 
is not looking forward to work tomorrow.  Ugh... 
Ooh I do not like this bitch!! Ugh 
I hate the freakin LAKERS... Ugh 
@IrishLad585 haha just got home. Ugh I'm tired of working now 
@SexySierra Ugh sorry to hear about the intense drama  That sucks so bad 
I HATE when my snuggle routine is interrupted.  if i am home, lucy and i must snuggle before bed. Ugh! And its soooo hot in here.
It's 2:30 am and I can't sleep. Ugh 
... Something in our new apartment is making us--&amp; friends who visit--sick. Fevers, sinus issues. Ugh! WTF?! 
@ayubella haha. im so bored. really REALLY bored. and my internet is so slow today. Ugh! I hate it! 
@Schofe I have a phobia of banana skins! I hate them cant stand touching them especially the empty ones when the banana has gone! Ugh 
Holy crap, last night was bad... As soon as I get home I'll most likely just go right to sleep. Ugh 
Holy crap, I didn't realize it's almost 5am...  But I've only been up since 8pm. Ugh, damn sleeping schedule. haha xD
I should really start on my thesis. Ugh. 
I have never felt so nauseous in my life. Ugh. Pukefest real soon 
I wish it were the weekend....still. Ugh 
The computers at work are down. Ugh 
Getting ready for volunteering. Ugh, I feel a cold coming on. 
Off to the second performance.  Ugh.
Everyone hates me..... Ugh if  i could just be skinny 
@KatieSpo Ugh i know the feeling 
is still not feeling too hot!! Ugh!!! 
Feeln yucky!!! Ugh 
@ShirosAngel Ugh 6 hours!  thats harsh
@OriconAilin Ugh, that all sounds risky indeed. I'm sorry to hear it. 
Of course sleep ditches me. I can't stop yawning. Ugh 
@Lyzee42 Ugh, no chance of getting out of work early? 
I hungry! Ugh 
I just walked passed mannequins Ugh can't believe they still closed it along with 8 trax 
I am not happy about things right now.  it's a feeling I just can't shake! Ugh!
Two hours till im off work. Ugh one piercing all day im bored 
@vchat I knowwww!!! Ugh, this sucks 
No xbox live tomorrow fml! Ugh days off just aren't what they used to be 
I feel like crap  . . Ugh class tomorrow 
Why can't I sleep! Ugh summer school tomorrow 
I'm eating my breakfast cheesepancakes. Ugh 
@RevengOfTheVirg Ugh! I so hate it when i find out that they're boring 
My charcoal cocacola cup! D: how can i leave it there! Ugh. Ah!! Screwedscrewedscrewed  :,( - http://tweet.sg
Oh.. - This is sooo not cool. Ugh I feel like a douche for even writing about this cause.. wth  a biiiiiig... http://tumblr.com/xo7223hln
Why can't I go too sleep? Ugh! Lol 
I'm having a hard time falling back asleep!  I have to get up for work in 2 hours! Ugh!!!
Why the hell did I decide to take the camera off the tripod during that part? Ugh shaky cam  And the other camera had a bad angle 
Five in the morning you always have a way of making me hate life. Ugh why does up training have to be so early 
My fucking head is pounding. Ugh.  noooo ugh hangover
French finals.  Ugh.  
Feeling sick  no bueno and my neck hurts! Ugh!
So now I don't have any water? Ugh, I feel like I'm in a third world country all of a sudden because I can't take a shower. 
How do i manage to be late for everything? Ugh. 
Studying for geography now! Ugh... I'm so scared for that exam!! 
@OkamiMars Feeling, even. Ugh, apparently I can't type. 
So comfy I don't wanna get out of bed  been snoozing my alarm for an hour now. Ugh, getting up!
Ugh I need to finish my school project. It's due tomorrow Ugh 
Three legged deer still alive  he's so skinny and sick tho. Ugh poor guy!
I'm super tired today. Ugh.  and I want a strawberry limeaid from sonic.
I'm listening to cops and firefighters outside. Ugh what happened 
I've been looking at puppies all day. Ugh! 
 It's a blessing and a curse. And as much as I love it, I hate it &lt;3 Ugh I need to stop thinking about things and people.
@Gabbypesce Ugh! I love how I miss your tweets to me!  I just saw the one about going out that night! What'd you end up doing... w/o me?!
P.S. I love you. Ugh great movie 
's self esteem just dropped to zero in five minutes. Ugh 
My self esteem just dropped to zero in under three minutes. Ugh 
@Nileyroxs567 Ugh nothing listening to music .. aand in some min going to sleep  and u?
This headache is blowin me... Ugh 
I don't get all this dating crap. Ugh. I'm not in this situation but still. It irritates me to no end. 
I'm also llistening to my father yell at my brother, i think that my father is just stressed and the tinyest things make him go off. Ugh. 
Is mad. Ugh i hate when people hang up on me 
is super embarrassed that she was 2 nervous 2 sing  messd it up! Ugh!
Today was stressful! I have tons of work and i keep fighting with the boyfriend. Ugh  cant wait to go to europe
life is very unfair. I hate everything and everyone currently. Ugh 
Going to school... Ugh. 
Lunch movie s than la la la it was great ... Ugh college tom  --off to bed
Clean clean clean. That's all I've been doing! Ugh, I hate the whole moving torture right now 
I keep sneezing every minute. Ugh.. I really despise being sick 
They refuse to let me sleep! Ugh 
@Tisyonk Ugh I don't like duriaaaannn 
is sick as fack! Ugh the hellls wrong with me? Why is my health down the drain all of a sudden? 
This is the third time in 3 years of driving that I've locked my keys in my car. Ugh 
@Madelynnnn Your mom has a twitter!?!?!?! I'm off to look now! Ugh I haven't been getting my updates texted to me 
Trying to get myself psyched up for the mid-week house visit. Scraping of awkward bits around ceiling roses tonight. Ugh heights! 
I may or may not pass out at work from lack of sleep  Ugh!
Going to work until 7:30.  Ugh.
So I have colitis  haha.   Ugh
Why relationships have to be so stressful... I have no idea. It's times like these that I miss being a little kid. No relationships. Ugh. 
Seriously is this day going in slow motion. Ugh love pics but can't look anymore need to work 
They're putting me through five different tests, maybe more, to see if I have three different disease and gallbladder issues. Ugh 
Off to check out this breitling at CJCJ! And then mani/pedi?? Ugh I need one ..they got ruined cleaning!! 
I miss my boyfriend! Ugh josh, why cant i drive yet?! 
chillaxin after work. Ugh my tummy still hurts 
I wish @lamequeen3 hastxting again! Ugh... Bitchass just has to cut off her line when i got a new phonee  grrr
When youre tired, does anyone get headaches? Ugh overeating doesnt help either cuz now im queezie 
Our apartment smells like cigarette smoke and wood smoke, thanks to the guys who live in the two apartments below us. Ugh. 
10:00 p.m. Ugh bed time I hate summer school 
@sherm6ft6 im sooo sad! i wanted to do the bahamas bday bash but no1 is ready ($$) like me.   I dont wanna go solo or boo'd up. Ugh!
Why do people with gnat sized brainns exist  Ugh! But hot corn in butter ROCKS!
Holy shit its pouring. I have to go to nyc in this  for my damn final!! Ugh
@Pahonix Ugh, it isssss  which is why I haven't leveled my little priest any more.
Its going to be like 30 and sunny today, and I'm stuck inside. Ugh  and of course since I'm off on the weekend its gonna rain!
one night I sleep amazingly and the next I'm up till daylight.  Ugh.
I have a dentist appointment at 1.... Ugh I don't wanna go 
Today sucks  rain = ruined plans, lost an earring, overslept... Ugh
says Ugh..I lost my effing string  http://plurk.com/p/11x8k7
@KinaPonce yes  I'm gonna take geography! Ugh!!
subj: I look forward to seeing all of you! ....................But only if you find my glasses for me.      Ugh!
Heading 2 tag rugby .. Ugh so not in the mood right now .. 
Just got out of the shower. Ugh, once again I took an extremely hot shower on an extremely hot day 
says Ugh,the weatherr is bringing me down  !
@AaliyahLove69 The trials of having a special needs baby ;) Ugh, sorry it isn't the great day at the beach you were dreaming of 
We still have friday left  this week never ended! Ugh
Why phone, why did the water kill you today?  Ugh, I can't wait until tomorrow.  I need my phone now 
Wow, weird text..... Ugh, think this means it's gonna be another late night, and I'm sleep and meant to sleep in a ditch tomorrow night 
recovering from being in my home, which was turned into a construction site all day, due to plumbing problem.  Ugh - now the clean up!  
Totally just broke my flat iron! Ugh. 
@Ariesfly23 Ugh. 
Oh boy,I can't put this book down. Ugh,if only I didn't feel so crummy 
Pissed thats school is over. Now i have to stay in this freakin house that i hate all summer. Ugh my life is so stupid 
@samblak my hair is wet and my hair dryer is broken. Ugh. I look aweful. 
I can handle anything but when it comes to creepy crawlys.....Ugh 
This is jeff and omg I had no idea that kate spent a lot of time in wilmington while on vaca. Ugh. I missed her 
This is jeff and omg I had no idea that kate spent a lot of time in wilmington while on vaca. Ugh. I missed her 
@CynthiaJill Ugh, everyone has now gone to bed and I can't watch it  GAAAAH. I hope it comes on tomorrow (who am i kidding, its braaavo)
I just sneezed and it literally felt like my stitches flew out. Ugh. I need to sleep. 
Getting down about the job hunt again. Ugh 
Y is there nothing sweet to eat @ mi casa?  we shoulda bought that red velvet!!! Ugh
I am the only person at the table without a beer. Ugh I feel young. 
@SHEAMAN10 I know i'm soo mad! Ugh I wasn't even going that fast! 
@EskimoJoelted  Ugh i know how you feel my internet sometimes doesnt work at all so i have to shut off my computer and restart it 
I'm hungry again. Ugh. I hate being hungry. Especially when there's nothing to eat. 
I hate that it's taking forever for my hair to grow!!  Ugh.
Ugh... I am officially broke and I haven't even spent anything yet!! :O Ugh ugh ugggghhhhhh!! I hate money!   #peterfacinelli
@German_MADE oww oww 21!! Ugh idk if ima make it tonight now moms is giving me grief about everything 
had a terrible dream D: blah. I have community service 4pm-10pm  Ugh...
so i thought yesterdays workout was bad... Ugh i felt like I was going to throw up everywhere today, it was so much harder  &lt;E&gt;
I just ate a whole cinnamin roll. Ugh I feel sick 
@l_s Ugh... 
So apparently I need a new tire. Ugh 
@itsmeduh oh jeeeeees your moter is out  !!!! Ugh that's the worst on our lil cars.. Pretty penny happend to joey before, in my 1st one!
Highly irritated! Ugh! 
@emiseventeen Ugh the thought of a bathing suit makes me sick 
Praying I didn't totally just fail that exam... Ugh  fml
@Johnosea Ugh worst. 
So I actually know what I want to do, and my parents don't want to listen. Ugh. I need my graphic buddies to talk with. 
Its summer shouldn't i get a tan and not turn paler? Ugh im pale 
Seriously having worst week ever.... Ugh 
Just ran a few miles and i'm nice and sweaty and listening to taking back sunday pretending i'm in richmond rockin' out with them. Ugh. 
I'm having a really bad day today. Ugh. 
I hate getting lost. Ugh. 
@GabrielSaporta called me back but it wasn't a direct message. It was to everyone who called in. Ugh. maybe next time, eh? 
so im feeling sick. throat is hurting, nose is a mess. Ugh, I hate this  #fb
is so tired of being tired; no matter how much sleep I get I'm still dropping! Ugh. 
I dont wanna leave this place!!!  Ugh stupid crying tomorrow.
@eunsuh_xx Ugh my msn is faulty so I can't go online! 
@iFollowMike you didn't tell anyone to follow me. Ugh.  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; sad face....
@JoshyCouture; u knw I haven't upgraded yet [sllllowww]! &amp; damnit. No mid-day movie  I'm broke too shiiittt. Ugh.
I miss out on too much because I don't have a car. Ugh. 
just woke up. passed out upstairs. pissed that AT&amp;T's network is down. Ugh. I wanted to talk to someone. 
 went to sleep early  now i'm awake. Ugh.
just woke up. passed out upstairs. pissed that AT&amp;T's network is down. Ugh. I wanted to talk to someone.  LOL http://tinyurl.com/n7ejj8
just woke up. passed out upstairs. pissed that AT&amp;T's network is down. Ugh. I wanted to talk to someone.  LOL http://tinyurl.com/nmfkhp
Just got off the phone with spenser. I needed him so bad he made me feel so much better. Such a bad night I'm an idiot and a bitch. Ugh. 
I forgot my mail's pw( Ugh, stupidity. 
I am on stand-by for a flight at 10am... 3 more hours... I could cry or laugh, lol. Ugh, too bad I'm not feeling well 
I woke up and it's hard to fall back asleep.. Ugh.. I need to sleep.. 
Still 20 mins till waterloo. Ugh. I've recently got bored of making a whistling sound with a spite bottle and now have nothing to do... 
@theycallmeBK I'm a groomsman  my eye started hurting right after the rehearsal dinner.. Ugh
@kindart We're fading. The Angels are about to catch us. Ugh. . . .  
I'm going to have to drop money on a laptop cooler  I got a really bad burn on my leg last night because it got superheated. Ugh.
Goodness I am tired... Ugh lack of sleep is so bad for me.. 
It's pouring outside!!! Ugh I wanna go to the mall! 
flight from waco to houston was so bumpy. I feel like i'm going to be sick. Ugh. 
http://twitpic.com/7xg24 - Ugh loan apps. 
Spending my day rebuilding my blog-have a 'corrupted template'   Ugh!
I'm in the hospital w/ my sick sister.    what a weekend.  Ugh!!
Why is it only 3pm?  Ugh!  3 more hours of work!  
Eooooow at she being in the muthafuckin dale!!!!!!! Ugh!!! I neeed arbys and starbucks... And a big bowl of rice 
On my way to work! Ugh its gonna be so hot 
going to work soon. Ugh...headache 
Starving and stuck in my room.  Ugh, cannot wait to move into my own place again.  
@BitsyCreations I usually just decline to bid. It isn't fair to the people who have paid and are waiting for their design, you know? Ugh. 
Texting @peterpacheco while drinking bud lime. Ugh! I keep tilting my iPhone sideways tryn to tweet but only works for txt  still love 3.0
So for some strange reason all the guitar shops are closed. Ugh  But still giving all my love to the best boys in the world @Jonasbrothers
@oceanUP Ugh gross 
@krystyn13 they still don't have my test results back! Ugh. 
So i'm on a walk cause its a nice night. I'm singing to myself and i swallow a bug.  coughed so hard i may have punctured my lung. Ugh...
Starting to feel worse :/ I cannot wait for my doctor's appt... Ugh! I could use some cheering up 
I hate being tan!! Ugh!! And sunburnt nose.. I don't want skin cancer 
You know you're a twitter addict when ur twittering on a sat night instead of partying in the city!! Ugh what's wrong with me 
My feet gone be swollen in da morning! Ugh! 
When CAN i get a laptop? Ugh 
Just started feeling really sick. Ugh  no bueno.
@Janienicoleex3 I feel like a total retard I don't think he will ever twitter me back and he probably dosent have time. Ugh I'm so stupid 
I'm tired and going to bed now. And I totally feel like throwing up. Ugh 
@danniFNB thanks girl  the I hate you comment or was there something else? Ugh it's been one of those days :-/
@ShelbyRayne Ugh it doesnt feel like it 
My car leaks from the inside.  I blame the monsoon we had! Ugh.
Is it really worth bolting it out of the house right now to see the 3D movie ONE more time??? Ugh...I don't have 40 mins 
Wow worse day ever tom really ?! Ugh &gt;.&gt; not cool anymore 
I hate how i can never let my mind just take a break. Ugh. I over think everything  happy fathers day dads!
So ticked off! Ugh i wish he had his cell!  text.
Now on my face? Ugh...this just keeps getting worse 
On my way home. Ugh still feel like shit 
So tired and so upset! Ugh I want to sleep forever 
@sbcvandy I know  Ugh my stomach hurts.
My mom and I are sick, I'm hungry and I have to study for finals. Ugh 
It's an 8 hour drive including a tine change.. It's gonna be a long one!! Ugh.. 
@Seestur Ugh, not good bout your plants. 
I am so sick of severe storms!  Ugh, I hate the thunder and lightning. 
It's nice and comforting to know that wherever I go, my migraine will follow. It's almost reassuring in a sort of sadistic way...  Ugh.
I'm starving... Ugh... I haven't had dinner yet, and it's ten o'clock! 
At home not feeling well, have alot on my mind... Ugh.... 
@clealsgirl I have no air either  just a fan and its hot and humid. Ugh.
I'm so sad to officially hear  that jon and kate have separated  I can't concentrate on finishin my work! Ugh... :*-(
Y is it soo damn hard 4 me 2 reach 100 followers? Ugh! 
Why must I be sick during summer time? How does this even happen? Ugh.  this is making for a long day.. =/
I need more sleep asap!!! Ugh I hate summer school! 
is finally at home after a long day - Now to clean the room.....i mean...house  Ugh!
I have not 1, but TWO! webcasts to sit thru tomorrow. 9 am &amp; noon. Ugh! 
Just left either my arm or my leg at the orthodontist office to pay for down payment on dd's ortho work. Ugh! 
So pissed off right now. Almost seconds frm getting a world recordin mirrors edge and the game froze!!!! Ugh 
Next time there is a birthday at work, remind me to not eat the food. Ugh 
@BillyScallywag Ugh sounds thrilling 
Not a fan of this mini hurricane we are having right now.... Ugh!!!!! I just got a bath trying to get in my gate!!! 
bored at work. Ugh. 
I got my fucking retainer.... Ugh.  im gning to bed..
Where is a glass of soothing wine when I need one? I should NOT google cat medical things. Moreover, I should NOT be crying  Ugh.
Is at boating school for 4 hrs. Ugh! 
In german right now.. Ugh is all i can say. I need my emma  i miss her so much. 2nd show tonight!
I'm very mad cause my stupid ichat account won't work!! The same thing happens every time! I have three accounts that don't work!! Ugh. 
Why does the right side of my heat hurt so much? Ugh. 
@HoulihanLeonard Ugh. 
Parking lot pimpin at in n out  fuck all the sold out t2 showings. Ugh!
Its my fault? Wow asshole its his! Ugh he makes me mad. 
I really hate fittings. Ugh..and sunlight.  today will kinda suck.
Man... I can't stand certain people sometimes.. Ugh!  this day needs to hurryyyy!
Looks and feels sick... Ugh ewww.. 
Total network outage at work = work not getting done anywhere.  Ugh
Ahh,sudden onslaught of allergies! No me gusta. Ugh,I can barely breathe 
I need to drive around and charge my phone. Ugh 
Cheese, chicken, yummy... ah hell I'm just gonna eat the enchilada! I think. Ugh I shouldn't, but... I will! 
@annamartin123 We are  WITWIKJ?!? Ugh.
Interviews over, on to character analysis! Ugh...it'll be worth it tomorrow at country night 
I don't think I've ever been so tierd in my life.Ugh,goodnight.So sleeping in tomorrow 
@GeorgiaPrincez I'll have to pick it up.   Ugh....gotta go start on the damn closet....hehe  I'll probably be on later. 
Dying hair black  I'll put a pic up when I finish Ugh I have it all over me hahah
No idea how to express my happyness, now I have to get back to studing... Ugh. But I'm happy none the less 
@4prina And then u got a budget to work around too, right?  Ugh!  I couldn't do it....but we know you'll do it.  You always do!    
