Most common words for this cluster:
[('ugh', 284), ('today', 24), ('day', 21), ('i', 21), ('na', 19), ('work', 12), ('tomorrow', 12), ('home', 12), ('im', 11), ('get', 9), ('amp', 9), ('u', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'UGH', 0.9713373184204102), (u'F_*_CKING', 0.6680627465248108), (u'HAHAHAHA', 0.6594784259796143), (u'kirstiealley_@', 0.6491889357566833), (u'SOOOO', 0.6461188793182373), (u'HATER', 0.6418966054916382), (u'SADY', 0.6375209093093872), (u'HA_HA', 0.6359801292419434), (u'BULLSHIT', 0.6341601610183716), (u'HAHAHAHAHAHA', 0.6331037282943726)]





Could it be bronchitis or is it just allergies??? UGH, I feel so sick 
Taking my Starbucks break, UGH so sleepy 
the good news: the doctor agrees; i NEED surgery!!  the bad news: i have to wait til the last wednesday in may  UGH!
PUSH sucked!!  UGH... I think I actually just threw-up in my mouth....Bleh  
Doesn't want to go back to school - maybe theyr'll be some good gossip though...... UGH! Tests soon 
@703withlove757 i miss u way too much  UGH!
tomorrow.....back to school.....  UGH...I hate it....
TRC with a rash on my face and neck. UGH  FLM
Wow....very stressed out about going back to work today.  UGH!  
had the most unrestful sleep last night...UGH 
my day off...awake...but still feel UGH. I couldn't sleep at all last night 
@stefanodimera  I wonder if Philip is really going to go down this time....or if continues to make your life hell.   UGH!!!! NO!!!
@MichaelMidnight Yeah I know.  I wanted to go...ughhhh I'm gonna be in the area that day too UGH.
@robgokeemusic  LMAO  &lt;3 haha i need to go to bed,   UGH
we lost  the game was over right before i scored UGH i only got one goal. 3-4
Thinking about crawling into a hole right now... UGH chem test tomorrow 
thinks she will continue plurking [regular basis] on june. UGH! can't wait anymore!  http://plurk.com/p/ririh
@ExitPass  my fucking bosses/partners called me right as i  ws getting ready to go to bed! UGH! Assholes!  i got the kids too!  
@xoxomileyyxoxo thank you :] i do too.being sick is sucky  awesommee :'] UGH my cats are evil.they stole my food -_-
omg allergic reaction on face  UGH
went 2 the hair salon its raining like a BEAST out there UGH! &amp; i had 2 pee so bad comming baq sucks 2 not have a car 
wants her lip peirced again, or maybe a monroe...UGH, depressed  and a fat ass
1 System down and 1 to go.  UGH!!  Why does SP3 take so long to install my eyes are about to fall out 
Fuk 4got 2 pay my phn UGH i hope it dnt get disconnectd 2mrw 
going to school soon. UGH!!! 
@DrummerFrek I guess I am.  but its so.. UGH. I mean hello, it's summer!
Since i've been payn' attention to what i eat..checkn' cal content!!! UGH..180 cal for 1/2c icecream : ? ...trust me, that ain't nothing 
@artsastra god! me too! it just got really awful tonight  watery eyes, sneezing, UGH!
Off to church, i will see the world at three  there goes my day UGH
@ceceliafindorff poop i can't it won't open on my computer  UGH
ugh tired! and still have 50 pgs left!  i think i'll just finish watching the kardashians and go to bed.  skool tomorrow UGH!!!  xxMeg
Off to bed...hoping to keep my dinner on the inside &amp; that my tummy will stop the gymnastics   UGH!
@marthamurder yes. The night before a vanderpants essay is due, im wide awake. UGH. 
So tired of my ears being stopped up!!!!  I can't hear anything, and I feel like I'm talking in a tunnel....UGH 
@onebreath Yeah, i still have my old PC (cause I don't have photoshop on my mac UGH) and it's like... epic fail now. 
trying to get motivated this morning. coffee in hand...maybe I'll try some music. I have laundry up to my ears to do today  UGH!
@meln4 It's crazy for me @ work today too...UGH!! I wanna go home 
Tired, sleeping...Then work all day tomorrow, UGH! 
kitchen basically looks like this: http://bit.ly/aN2As  UGH my housemates and their inability to clean 
@kricket_rc234 I should totally hang out with you guys more! I didn't even see Archucook close up in person. UGH 
NOOOOO!  lost one of good poems, UGH &gt;.&lt; sidekick! 
I'm sooooo sick...sore throat, headache, stuffy nose, chest hurts adn this damn medicine is NOT workin....UGH!! ps-its soo nice outside 
i've watched the GA finale 3 fcking times and i STILL tear up  UGH. twitter still confuses me
Ok @HiEsso said I'm too grown for a sidekick..UGH well then what the hell can I get tweeps I SICK of this BB in fact I HATE it  I have tmo
im really lonely tweeples like seriously  UGH
Heading to fort drum. Can not WAIT til I can stop keeping Soldier's hours. UGH I'm tired. 
I wish finals weren't this week.  UGH!!!
WORKING   UGH HOW BORING
UGH UGH UGH UGH! Blue fuzz from my towel is ALL over me!!!  DO NOT WANT! Get off me!
@shanterowland yesssss exams  i'll be done by june 5th and know if i passed on june 23rd or sth.. UGH. how are the bebeees?
@ThatGuyFSU_ATL UGH I am so jealous  Can I sneak into your suitcase?
Screw optimism...that sh*t went out the window! This place is driving me insane!!! I need a vacation!!! UGH  http://myloc.me/1oim
ewh it's storming bad :/ I can't sleep now  UGH I'm suck a pussy &gt;.&lt;
my computer is effing up..  UGH! i just got the wireless working!
can you believe it another glass of water spilt UGH!! i give up on water.water doesn't like me today 
@kayleeperry look at what i said to....someone. actually dont. no, do it. dont. yes. no.yes. no. UGH i dont know. 
@OGVENOE I can't die  I have a lunch date with rocio coming up plus some new shoes UGH!
@oyfreakinvey ME TOO UGH 
is hating the weather. UGH. 
dont wanna go to mississppi!!!!!!!! UGH!! texas is my home..... UPSET!!! 
@nickyvender Nicky, I LAND at 10pm, it will be like 10:40 before I get home! UGH! Wont be any fish fry left for me anyways 
@AndreaMate UGH! I hate when that happens...heebie jeebies!    sorry sweetie! 
@Complexity_ since we're becoming official soon enough. What if something happens and I need to go save you  UGH just miss me, deal?
woke up w/muscle soreness, the chills  &amp; what feels like the beginnings of a fever. UGH. i hope it goes away.  going back to bed now.
is ticked off because she WAS SUPPOSED to go to KB with the cousins today. UGH! Sorry Andak  
Choking is a bad idea. UGH. 
@jonasobsessedx being bored   i think i might hang out with my friend today and stupid twitter wont let me change my tweet icon.-.- UGH!&lt;3
c's gone and i'm to tired to go to work.... but i gotta  UGH
@restey11 U'd think as many times as I've met the man, I'd be fine....NOPE!! UGH!!! I clearly fail at life 
@LiZAmtl UGH....sorry 'bout that. 
SICK?! UGH!..WTH?!...gotta get well soon..i hav incomplete tasks on my itinerary! 
@jlilest i duno wtf is wrong like i tried so long to change my pic and info stuff last nite and it said it changed but wont UGH 
@AnastasiaVanite UGH! I know 
SO CLOSE to being done, and ink starts smearing all over WHITE pages. Seriously?! UGH 
@jesslina of course I'd lose my TIVO then too   UGH!
arizona .... COME ON  now ... UGH 
I cannot sleep! UGH not again  I hate that these past two night i have been so wide awake I just wanna be comfy in bed and zonk out.
@katyperry ferras is like the hottest man EVER! UGH, so out of my league 
Dont want to write a stupid DEBATE  UGH!
I think its gonna be one of them days!!!! UGH! 
@lovexmonsters i wish i could but i have family stuff going on UGH. sorry, bb. 
bored. dad says i have to clean the bathroom AND do the dishes UGH 
hung over as helllllll UGH 
wants to lose weight so bad! UGH 
I have too study really hard for exams  &amp; I have a big project due in two days.. UGH!
@talkinguineapig ugh tenant wants 2 meet 4 coffee &amp; talk. we live in the same flat - we can't talk here?! UGH. hes probs gonna yell at me 
@KennyKnight @DerrickLBriggs i think i want to move up there to NYC now... UGH! 
MY CAMERA IS BACKORDERED! UGH, now i have to wait even longer to get it 
@SassySenna http://twitpic.com/6df8q - UGH! I LOVE this one! It's just that everyone already uses it  So I will call it my second favo ...
@MsAsHleY33  I want to go to sleep. UGH. and still 6 hours to go. I hate Sundays. LOL
Anyone needing to contact me by phone don't bother, cell phone is not working, and we're a few days away from getting new ones. UGH! 
@brittloveskay I'm still so depressed about that!  UGH.  cleveland   our teams always get SOOOO close, but we never pull through.
Working the day job   UGH  I so hate it here!!!
I need to go back to bed...UGH...but I can't! 
i hate monday mornings  UGH
@NikiB2 just watched the preview 4 nxt season w/ kristin...looks like its just her being a bitch 2 every1 . UGH its gonna b bad now 
@ECLECTICCHAIR  Honey all we can do is DREAM    , been trying to get mother to take a shower  UGH ! ! !  shes getting weaker it seems 
WHERES MY G1 UPDATE?? UGH! 
do you ever just want something SO bad? but u knw you will never get it? UGH! 
fkjasdkljfasl;dkjf kinda maddddd... UGH! :| going to eat andthen study someeee. blahhh ksadl;fj;asdljf j ughhhhhhh.  whateverrrr.!! ugh.
is dreading the fact that she has to wake up really early tomorrow. UGH. 
@danhudlow That is a nightmare! UGH! Sorry you guys had to go through that! 
http://bit.ly/10ND2l  UGH gaga and mac do NOT belong together 
still sick  school tomorroww UGH
so tired, i give up on everything. UGH 
If you CANNOT cook, puleeze DO NOT offer anyone your leftovers! Dude, my stomach hurt...smh UGH 
I'm getting so distracted... GAH! Maybe if I get off of the computer for a second, then come back to finish my paper... UGH! 
@kaatie_ox luuuuuucky  I have like 6 more exams. UGH. xxxx
i messed up and dozed off  and had one HK and one Britney sex tape this morning !! UGH !! Lol
still sick, hoping TODAY is the day of recovery UGH n i have a stupid class @ 10 
Is at work again  UGH!!
@mintygibberish UGH. i KNOW!  kaya nga last try ko na toh.. kasi pwede pa ako maglate enrollment ifever.. 
At the Dmv and the line is so damn long omg im gonna be here all day UGH!! 
I'm so sad.  UGH! leo got syrup in my hair &gt;:O
has one more hour to go today... not sure if I can make it...  UGH 
longest day ever like yesterday. UGH! i wanna go home sooooo bad! 
Djfrueisolkdjfew   UGH.
The Sims 3 is a trending topic....boo  I cant play it until THURSDAY! UGH my brother preordered it..and i cant play it!! GRR
Wtf cory monteith was in vancouver?!? UGH, boy we could have hung out! And you could have fallen in love with me!  next time.
i have soooo much homework it's not funny! i'm gonna fail psych and bio  UGH! and maybe methods
@BHBADDEST  I'll hit him up in a couple days. SMH. UGH.
@haydeee i know!!!!! ugh. UGH. 
Me thinks me sick  UGH
@mishellyg WHAT?! UGH!! I hope they find it or at least you get a a new one soon!!! Sorry about that, hun!! 
I do LOVE the ballantyne post office!!!! UGH!!!! 
@XXsavannahRAWRR UGH I was gonna tan today too. 
@KenYasCapital awww thnx babydoll!!:-* I misssi u moreee  wen ima c u next UGH 
@SEZrules i checked yesterday and the link worked. UGH. i hate it! 
sometimes, i feel like i work soo hard for nothing  i feel like a whale.. but yet been going to the gym.. UGH.. 
@CubanitaRoCKs I've missed you here  Myspace still exsist? UGH 
Gloria got a copy of her video...but not from the person who stole it. UGH LEV stole a lot of things from me 
workin in the morning  Have to be there at 730! UGH! I seriously don't even wake up that early for school...HELP!
@Sparquel tell me about it...crazy crazy day girl...UGH!!    bu alas!! love you so dearly!!!
CSI_PrintChick @ChampagneRDub  UGH i am getting tired 
i gotta get up for work in a couple of hours but i cant sleeep. UGH 
@SmashMe_EraseMe uploading them in small groups! UGH  I'll be doing it all over again soon.
Going shopping...I need something to wear 4 2nite...UGH I hate shopping! 
What did I do last night?  I think I tried to pour a 18 years old's worth of beer into a 40 year old body   UGH!  Headache!
I feel soooooo sick.  I just wanna have fun! UGH! 405 606 5363
@BriannaPhelan UGH!! 
@BrandiAriel i know.  i gotta watch it at home now...UGH!!!
MY PHONE IS SUSPENDED/!!!! UGH I FEEL SO UGH LOL...so i'm in my aunts house...and this is the only way i can get on here 
Not feeling too well today  UGH
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! UGH!!! 
@Xklusive_nupe13 yah im in MugTona UGH ... i have no one to party with  lol
@xoxoBear UGH i hate the fact you're off tmrw! &amp;&amp; I begin workin 9-6 mon-fri 
Graduation dinner with my family &amp; Wade! Counting down the hours until I get my wisdom teeth out tomorrow  UGH!
church, then mall!!! yay shoppin. then coming home nd studyin 4 exams UGH! poopy 
is wishing that I had a longer weekend..UGH those bad kids will be back today! 
long nite= no church this morning  UGH.... i gotta say a long prayer today lol
@Zackarydoo   if only the blackberry  server would actually let me GET anywhere   UGH
Serious Homework I owe 3000 words total today due date today! UGH  
okay okay this final is making me want to pull my hair out!!!!! UGH 
Apartment hunting.... UGH 
@Julrolls will you cut it out with the height jokes.. UGH  lol.. so wait.. short people hit you with their cars?
i am srsly thinking about cutting mondays out of the calendar. UGH 
@MrSellers JESUS. get the hell outta there!  spring hill events suckkkkkk. UGH; iwengiwjnijnme. :X
smh at this photographer..im ready to go home..  he sayS no..u need to put ur chin DOWN (pause) and look sexy.UGH im too tired to be sexy
So angry  sat down to watch my dvr recording of Kendra just to find out for some reason it didn't record or I forgot to set it.....UGH!!!!
@syarshine it wont let you block? UGH 
Really bad sore throat and lightheaded. AND finals. UGH. 
on the #5 train goin' to werk UGH  !!!! Mondai Blues!!!
i gonna start packing  and i  am soooo sleepy UGH!
@DJPREZTN UGH! 
@RedHeaded UGH!!!!! I did it AGAIN!!!   *is mortified*
@SconeLover19 haha I've wasted most of the day because I only have an hour and a half until parents get home. UGH. 
My projects for____ are never going to get done  And why is there an open lip gloss in my NEW Bestey Johnson bag that belongs to Mia! UGH!
still awake, way to late. I have to work tomorrow!! UGH H8 to get up early 
Just been blown back with some pretty bad news. UGH. 
I'm in a really bad mood and just want to go to sleep but the girl on the topbunk won't stop moving and is texting soo loud. UGH! 
studying for spanish...i cant even listen to my music...i get too distracted!!  UGH.
@celebritygossip ...I hope that is just gosip!!!! UGH! 
@Dannaca_Lynn UGH. too many problems. worst night i've had in a while but im okay.  how are you feeling? better today i hope 
Finally home from work......UGH.   
just got home from seeing a sketchy person ! UGH eww.. anyways, im bored now 
no way are they gonna let me take my hair gunk on the plane... I'm gonna have to check a bag. UGH 
is starting private math lessons the day after tomorrow. UGH! 
day 3 of what i unfortunately is turning into or already is mono. UGH. at work 
got woken up from the construction thats outside her house UGH 
@jkreib i saw ur post, its only tuesday  UGH
just woke up,.. about to go get something to eat. UGH im SOooooooo Tired 
I have pneumonia... UGH. The doctor says i should go back tonight and see if it is for sure, hopefully its just a bad flu. 
Outdoor run time...must get enthused! UGH, hitch-hiking home may be best option! No statues on route that I'm aware of 
Bell will ring soon. UGH!!! I have Science last. 
  Phils.  What are you DOING to me???  I can't take these extra inning games and then you loose.  UGH.  Let's get back on track tomorrow.
so since I'm staying home I think its time to get a load of dark clothes in the washer  UGH! I hate laundry!
Tryin' to put my mug shot up here but all the pictures I have this twitter thingy says are too big!  UGH!!!  
another day and another fucking HEADACHEEE!!! UGH this better go away by 2 morrow cuz i have 2 stay there alllll dayyy!!! 
has begun her fight with the GIANT! ..... lets hope it works without getting ugly  DAMN telco companies *UGH*
Just got bk from my 4 mile jog! I feel good....but I ain't feelin this tan I got  UGH!
@sarah_janes UGH  I LOATHE the dentist!
but man... I feel like crap this morning!... UGH! 
I miss speaking to ken,haven't called back since it doesn't feel right.UGH cbf starting with some1 new also doesn't feel right 
Holy Crap.. I'm tired.. I wanna go to bed..  UGH
@chemicalkitchen by two guys and a girl i swear rolled out of white trashville.  she keeps saying girl please UGH.
time to run if im ever going to lose some weight. UGH 
@JessJ9294 i knowwwwwww. UGH. 
is so tired from my workout..plus.. waiting to get some work soo bad.. UGH&gt;. i hate not having any money .. so much outcome and no income 
@dracthor I get your replies so late and I forget what I tweeted UGH. I have been neglecting twitter 
@hanako66 i have been dying to see jimmy page live again. &amp; w/jack white! UGH. i could kick myself. ultimate FAIL. 
@OGVENOE UGH! I got bitched at today for doing that! 
@DjPhalseiD UGH!!!!!!!!! U never txtd me back  did u pick a place???
What is up with this weather in NYC??? I have to carry an umbrella, just in case, like almost every day now...UGH 
gonna stay up late doing things i should've done weeks ago.  then waking up at 5am for the detail. UGH. Responsibility, I hate you.
@aprilcampos http://twitpic.com/7outd - UGH!! There have been two screen shots that were over 500k. This is discouraging.. 
doesnt like being sick hates it with a passion can't lay down &amp; sleep bc I start couching within a few minutes UGH! 
Watching videos on youtube.... AAAHHHH my head hurts SOoo BAD!!! UGH 
just woke up, and so far... fuck the day. its raining.  now I can't go walking. and I'm stuck cleaning my room. UGH.
Shopping with gdad for fathers day  UGH he wnt pick anything out!!!!
is *so* stinkin' tired..I need more iron or a big year long nap. UGH! 2 coffees, a vitamin and veggies and I still feel like crapola!! 
shit!  i wish there was an option to disable renewals on members. not all .. just 1 .. now i am stuck with her again .... UGH
I feel like a complete failure...while helping my siblings out with there fasfa  UGH I hate this.
I feel like a complete failure...while helping my siblings out with their fasfa  UGH I hate this.
my computer is about to be completely dead until i get a new charger  i'm going to texas soon, hopefully tomorrow. depending on my car,UGH
badminton, swim, tennis, water polo. UGH they got me all sore 
 This mood is more shittysweet then bitter. At least it's FINALLY gettin fixed. UGH.
studying for my math regents tomorrow..UGH 
I make terrible first impressions..... not a good quality when searching for a job!!! UGH 
Yeah this is probably one of the worst days of my life..  its bad enough my mom is tight on money.. UGH!!! SIGH***********
@UncleRUSH UGH tila gets a respond but not ur NEIGHBOR.. 
is talkin 2 kaela and had a great long day but now its time 2 say goodnite!!  gotta get up early 4 gt camp 2moro!! UGH!!! y
sometimes you just want to throw a hammer through the window on your desk! UGH! Trying to finish video. may have to redo the whole thing! 
i feel sick! she is UGH! he promised! i cant even talk to him right now.  i dont even know when i will be able to again. he promised!! 
@urbs925 can we watch the special announcement episode on monday night?! i saw the commercial too. and UGH for being awake. 
I guess he's jusst not THAT into me...UGH i guess u win some u lose some...wutever who likes to be tied to one anyways?  sigh
getting paperwork together to get preapproved for a mortgage loan. UGH. i hate taxes and all that mumbo jumbo. somehow missing 2006 fed. 
@jessica1128xo are you serious? UGH  lucky girl who caught those .. o fought for them haha
10am, finally up, look outside: cloudy...UGH guess NO camp today 
just waking up. dont know what I'm gunna do today. might wash cars w/ Paula but its pretty hot so I'm not sure. nothing on tv now...UGH! 
missed the jonas brothers on the today show UGH 
@jb2me hell it didn't take a generation for me I was a 34-24-48 in college n now its 36-30-45  UGH!!
@saidinjest that's definitely no excuse! UGH! 
I was about to get this cutie's number at the club Dolce. I pull out the storm and that shit was froze. I didn't get the number... UGH! 
@jellibeen92 late as in late  UGH
back from work...freaking finally...except gotta get up at 6:30 tomorrow morning to go to work again....UGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bad times... 
@JadeElizabeth87 Haha, well we'll jsut be piss ass broke together... however I will have some cash come july... I know! Never been! UGH! 
@badtwin easy. you were abducted by aliens that turned you green. UGH, STUPID ALIENS 
@Jenehhh UGH! One more yr ... sorry. 
3AM phone calls with my best friend &amp; insomnia . it's too hot!  UGH
trying to play wow and the server wont let me on UGH 
Wtf is up with insurance companies???  this ugly ass car is NOT the equivalent to my car!! UGH! I wanna cry a fucking river!
AT WORK..UGH 
Heard from house sitter - no one has come to look at the leaking roof yet - UGH! And it's still raining back home 
is not a fan of having a broken blackberry  UGH
@WeSupportNiley I have to wait till 10 pm  UGH! at least ill see ppl's tweets
OMFG I went 2 get an oil chng on my car and i hav a whole bunch of maintenance stuff that need to get done.UGH who wants 2 donate $ to me 
I think when I get home I am going to go golfing in my backyard for a little bit and then help my mom water. UGH!! I don't want to. 
goodness, my piano skills are fading faaast. learned a short piece but i can't get right  UGH so frustrating.
On my way home..4 hour drive  UGH ! ! !
twitter! im back!! battling this GA heat! UGH!! and being a LAME in the house instead of all these BDAY bash after parties! 
How many jobs will go to the shitter b4 i even start!!!???  UGH!!! i'll do nething i just want money!!!! 
man i have done pretty good for day 2 of this &quot;i am not going to talk to u&quot; bs cuz i'm just not that into u game! UGH!!!  u make me so mad
laying in the bed...cant sleep!! UGH my weekend is over!!! 
Hungover, UGH!!  
very sad...today is my last day of my mini vacation   I really don't want to go back to work. UGH.......
I need someone to come kill this cockroach in my bathroom!  UGH UGH. I started pouring rubbing alcohol and vodka on him. UGH
@AizforASHLEY you aint neva lied, it's like 100+ degrees out UGH!! 
I have a migraine and there is still 2 1/2 hours left in the work day. UGH! 
Packing for UB. UGH! 
Argh. bugs bugs bugs.  Task system, newbies dying in the tutorial zone and rezzing outside of it. UGH!
Why is it that my nail salon is always packed!!!! UGH I have 7 ppl ahead of me 
The children at work are driving me freaking CRAZY!!! UGH! Hope i do well on my jazz appreciation test tonight 
still feeling sick from being in the sun yesterday, UGH! 
Playing guitar and waiting impatiently for monday... UGH i work today 
D:&lt; RAWR oh that scum bag, i shall get my revenge. UGH. ho. 
Fuck you jesse... If you were a female you would know who aunt flo is! JERK!!! UGH! 
@DeNisSeY UGH! u make me grr when you talk bout you bein &quot;fat!!!&quot; Makes me feel ginormous! 
needs to get fucking tickets for warped tour    i CANT miss paul griffiths/babycakes/adaytoremember/3OH!3 and the Devil wears prada..UGH
I'm late...there were too many birds in the yard  why in the world am I so afraid of birds UGH so embarassing
I can't fall back asleep!!! UGH!!! -goes to lay down and close my eyes until I fall asleep again  -
@MsCeMontgomery UGH!! 
Home from the game. REALY fell off the wagon today with the diet bc I lost 8 pounds, back on it tmrw  Oh and I have work, how exciting UGH
is at work till 5 today, come visit me at the odyssey fun world cafe  haha....UGH ssooooo nice out :'(
Getting ready for work..... till 7pm UGH 
@nuloudotcom Awww...Thanks!  I was totally going to go to the MAXIM party but I'm in the process of moving! UGH =(
@barelyshocking YAY!! But, UGH! JEALOUS!! &lt;3 
I'm awake and ready to start my day. I'm juz a bit tipsy from the other nite. But it ok!  UGH I have halfday today then going to the mall
@Clara_miss thanks  that was quite selfish of me. but. i am. so. effing. stressed. UGH. my advice? get off twitter. go finish the project.
@iABeezy im good! I'm soo tired why the hell am I still up! UGH gotta close my eyes now 
