Most common words for this cluster:
[('ughh', 181), ('na', 12), ('tomorrow', 8), ('home', 8), ('work', 7), ('amp', 7), ('today', 5), ('shit', 5), ('sick', 5), ('phone', 5), ('ta', 4), ('haha', 4)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Ughh', 0.9997299313545227), (u'Pffft', 0.7323651909828186), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.7194263935089111), (u'KhloeKardashian_@', 0.711305558681488), (u'questlove_@', 0.7102271914482117), (u'SOOOOOO', 0.7098984718322754), (u'Ohmygod', 0.7084941864013672), (u'SADY', 0.702514111995697), (u'freaken', 0.7010772228240967), (u'RvM', 0.7003176212310791)]





Ughh.. maybe that coffee wasn't a good idea 
I hate ppl. I hate ppl who tear down trees. I hate ppl who tear down trees for unnecessary construction. Decades of growth, gone. Ughh. 
Ughh i have the worst lower back pain 
Ughh school starts again today... I'd much rather go see mcfly on tour  those lads better come to america soon
Ughh. It's wayy to early.  Getting my stuff together then off to brockton high. Laterr.
Ughh I really don't wanna go out of bed   feeling ill.
Ughh I hate my broken car. 
Ughh what the heckkk my stomach hurts 
Ughh this headache and revision is beginning to get me! 
Just woke up. Ughh I feel really sick. 
Ughh I'm so tired!! 
Ughh im tired and i want to go home already 
Ughh damnittt. I forgot to take my contacts outtt 
Ughh... I miss my classmates. wanna go back to school but I still do not want to be a graduating student. argh. 
Ughh I just saw pics from junior year...I wish I still looked that hot  no more food for me.
Ughh headache 
Ughh I hate shop soooo much. And I hate not having my phone 
Ughh... Train -I always get stopped on the days I'm running late 
No ipod today. Ughh 
I'm sick  I have strep. Ughh (via #zenjar )
I get sidetracked so easily, it's pretty sad cause I can never study good. Ughh finals tmmrw 
Ughh, that pizza for dinner is making me sick 
Ughh none of my apps are working !  phone why do you hate me !
Ughh from the filling in my tooth my ear is starting to ache ! What a life 
So glad the days almost over... Another nite of me nd my pain pills alone at the crib lol. Ughh I wish this weekend was over alreadi!    
Ughh I feel like death warmed up!! 
Ughh - I hate when my heart is saddd!! 
Ughh where's my baby thoughhh 
@shmelvywelvy Ughh  I KNOW!
Ughh i cant be bothered getting up and revising 
Ughh I'm soo sick  going to Joshua's graduation, and then to RedRobin.
Ughh I'm so sleepy but I can't sleep 
Ughh el and i are in a fight (again)  i don't know what it is these days. 
Ughh it's so nice out and i'm in the car.  I want to be tanningggg 
Ughh why'd it take me 30min to find the perfect bday card?! I was standing there laughin at every card I picked up and couldn't decide 
Ughh that nap wasn't suppose 2 last no 5 and half hours...dang Y yall aint call &amp; wake me up 
Ughh I'm falling asleep while charting! I need coffee already 
Ughh  -- Disappointed once again.
Ughh couple more days and I wont have to deal with it anymore 
@Elye_wtf Ughh that sucks  It would be easier to buy it but then we would have to be honest
Ughh I have a fat headache and my tummy is growling but I ate all the good cereal so now there's nothing to eat 
At the race trk. Ughh not lookin good 
@aabbbbiiiiii  I was sitting beside micheal! Ughh! 
Ughh my dad woke me up at 6. Soo tired 
Ughh...just got done going to every single site I subscribe to so I could change my password...my old one was too hard to type 
Ughh I hate when peepz fall asleep on the phone I feel lonely afterwards 
Ughh finally home...first morning practice tomorrow at 6am  wish me luck!
http://twitpic.com/6e2i7 - They met Cookie too.. Connections. Ughh lol so unfair! 
Ughh I'm gonna have to carry like 80 pounds of stupid textbooks tomorrow to turn them in 
Ughh he drives me crazy.. All because of one dream 
Ughh so many exams this week but it's too hot to study! I'm so failing 
Hey everyone... Ughh practice for graduation... 
Is it time to go home yet?  Ughh....still have 5 hours until we get off of work.  
My throat still hurts    I hate waking up to that! Ughh.
Ughh i'm in desperate need of dayquil 
Ughh being a teenager sux like alot 
Is sick-ish  I hope I don't have what everyone at work does.. Ughh
Trying to shrink down my yearbook shirt haha. Ughh anatomy test tomorrow 
I needa go to japan already  Ughh
I feel sick...  my nose is auu sttuffed n shit!! This ssuckks! &amp; i cant stop sneezing! Ughh!!
is back from having her hair practiced for the College Oscars. Ughh, my head hurts..the hairdressers have pierced my skull with grips! 
Ughh i just got back from getting more blood drawn. Yuck...it hurts! 
Ughh, it's so hot &amp; the singing lady is still outside 
Ughh. I have a lot of works to do for our varsity club thingy. Early school works. I hate it. 
Ughh, my tummy hurts 
My neighbor's voice is so annoying. He never shuts up and talks to loud. Ughh, trying to watch tv. 
Ughh SATS tomorrow the work till close 
Ughh why do i feel like shit.. 
I should be getting off here now... I gotta get up at like, 6.  Ughh. I don't want to... I feel like it's so early though..
Ughh my back is killin me now how the hell i'm gonna be able to make it to my last leonistc meeting for the yr  i don't want to miss it...
Ughh, it's too early! 
Ughh. I guess you can't avoid everyone. 
I'm home from the dentist now. Ughh my mouth is numb! 
Just woke up with a hangover.  feel like need to throw up but it won't come out ! Ughh not good feeling. Oo yeah good morning!!
Ughh I'm sorry. 
Ughh still didn't even get my hair washed 
Ughh im so mad. I saw that the sandlot was on and i turned it there and its over.  thats like one of my favorite movies
Ughh.. Cut myself with glass, now it's burning and I'm scared it's gonna leave a scar forever!  http://yfrog.com/2940tj
Is it 7 o'clock yet? Ughh, sooo tired. I wanna go home and sleep. I think I'm getting sick. 
Ughh... hangover has reached the 10th hour. It's not going away 
Its windy. &amp; my hair is stickn 2 my lipgloss! Ughh 
Ughh 1-0 red wings 
Ughh I think I'm gonna get sick  .. I have a sore throat
Ughh.. I  talk on the phone with him and all he wants to do is talk to my friend. 
Ughh got a bit of hwk/studying to do  not looking forward to tomorrow.
Ughh getting sick    work till 6 
Ughh, my stomach is still killing me 
The worst hangover in a row??? WTF does that even mean??? Ughh I'm stupid 
Ughh my dad is so annoying. Stuck here with him. 
Ughh!!! I should really double check before I open my big mouth!! Ugghh!!!! 
Ughh frustrating people in my life right now 
Ughh I don't want to go back to work!! Feeling slightly depressed that vacation is over and family is not around anymore.... 
Ughh... It's monday! I really just want to sleep in 
Ughh i have a rash from the salt water, and sunburn on my face, its gonna be a great day! 
@nadinetangerine doesn't call me anymore.. I have so many stories to tell! Ughh, why isn't she calling? I'm so lonelyyy. 
@ScottForbes Ughh I hate it when that happens, of course it's always firefox with me 
fooling around with my webcam..Ughh tired of Maths 
Ughh! I'm working 
Home. Really bad migrane. Not feeling well at all. Upset. Ughh 
@mandaa_boo lmfao! Wtf? Haha. Invited her. What the hell! How are you gunna go now that he is going!  I want u to go not him! Ughh! And
Ughh I feel so shitty. Possibly going to be missing school tomorrow. I kind of hope not though... 
Ughh ...this fat girl is grilling the shit outta me  .. This shit alwayz happs to me !!!
Ughh. fuck you facebook. I can't remember who i was following before. 
Ughh guys are SOO confusing dude!! 
Trying to go to sleep, but its just not working. Ughh 
Freseing! Ughh I need to be cuddled and kept woarm! 
Ughh.......I don't thinkk this is gonnaa bee a veryy good dayy..... 
Ughh gotta get up for work 
Ughh!! I hate exams! I still haven't studdied for geo or sience 
@LakersLuver awwww man. I don't think I can go either cuz most of my fam is going to work and I have no ride too. Ughh damn 
Ughh! I have a hugge knot in my neck! 
Ughh. In some pain.  could use a back rub...pleaaase.
I just coughed so much I puked. Ughh I feel so sick. 
Ughh....the wrong person is texting me. 
Couldn't get to sleep last night. Prob only got 4hrs of rest &amp; now I've gotta get up and at it. Ughh its gunna be a longggg day 
Ughh I do not want to get out of bed today 
Ughh. i hate heartburn. 
Ughh...I'm really dreading the weigh-in tomorrow. I've been doing so well...but I think I lose this time. 
Ughh,there's something in my eye! It's been there all dayy and I can't get it out  xx
Ughh why is everything messing up on me today? The URL won't even work  Nvm, forget it
@angelreyes8 i didn't watch it  n they do piss me off! Ughh
Ughh.. The sneezing won't go away 
Ughh my phone is being difficult right now. It won let me follow certain ppl 
Ughh...why can I never sleeeeeep 
Ughh, I left my car windows open all night in the rain!!! 
Ughh can't run/jog today. 'cause apparently it's raining. 
Ughh...sad day 
TIRED, but I have to pack. Ughh 
Man watchin my teammates play makes me wish I didnt have this damn injured leg. I wanna play sooooo bad. Ughh 
Ughh...not 18 anymore...wishing I still had my 18 year old body.   27 = double the work out but half the results.
Ughh  being sick is miserable. Who gets sick at the start of summer?!? That just puts a damper on everything! Getting rest, g'night!
Ughh. I just want her back home.  I don't like this ; at all. It's breaking my heart 
@Fosho_dawg Haha yeah i guess i was just inspired&lt;3 Ughh my stupid computer wont load all the pics. 
@cyaredxD for real? Ughh I missed her 
Ughh I can't sleeeeep. I wish my back wasn't so fucked up. 
Ughh i hate it when i cant sleep 
Ughh... my back hurts.... 
Ughh... I'm so bored and Booboo  isn't answering my call 
Ughh!! didnt want to see Oregano's face again 
Ughh. Sister no longer has a job 
Gooood morning. Ughh I've been sick for like a whole week already 
Ughh pre sale tickets no good 
Ughh  _*&amp;He'sMyWorld;
Ughh i'm so bored  2 am
Ughh tonight sucks 
Ughh! Everybody is at the concert downtown! Stupid packing and cleaning. 
Ughh why do I feel so sick all of a sudden 
Just up.. Ughh.. Superrr tired &amp; Not feeling well. 
Ughh. The one time I sleep in and somebody insists on calling my cell which causes me to completely freak out and fall out of bed. 
Morning, I guess. I had a realllyyyy bad dream. Ughh. &amp; I miss @Elle202!  come back now, thanks.
Ughh its raining here... again. I wish the sun would come out already! 
Ughh just when I thought I was getting better now I have a cold 
:: Why is having makeup as a hobby so time consuming and expensive?? Ughh but I L-O-V-E itt!!! I want to buy a pink brush collection 
@LanieMarieBby i agree! Wow you got talked to! Ughh this is stupid! 
Ughh I hate being broke  does anyone know of any jobs??
Ughh fuck ford! Greedy bastards... The most perfect car will never be mine 
At a 60's party that's kinda boring!! Ughh I wanna leave! 
Ughh got the worst headache feel like shit ... Whyy me 
Ughh its sooo cold and im bored. 
About to clean my room. Not as messy as it has been, but still gotta clean it. Ughh. 
Ughh I should have stayed hoooooooome 
@anniebananieamr I'm poooping it out right now!! Ughh talk about a bellyache  love youuuuu anna-rullie lol
 @phreshlyphaded I'll see it later. Ughh txt me. Now ppl gonna know what we be talking ab. Haha
Ughh I hate when I wash my face I feel wide awake, I can't sleep now 
Ughh I just wanna go to sleeeeep. 
Bff just left  really wishing i could stay home...blowfish and I'm not even there yet! Ughh
Ahhh home early night yes..Ughh i really don't feel like doing this homework right now 
Ughh!! I don't feel like going 2 work 
Ughh forgot my scrabble slam at home  time for another hunt tomorrow!
Ughh, what the hell. They wouldn't let me donate because my heart rate was too high. 
Just took some pain killers. Ughh...cramped all over. 
Ughh super long drive to vero beach ..  transformers 2 mebe?
Ughh my lifeee, suckss right now,  its hot I'm hungryy and my mom doesn't get that I'm on a diet
FREEZING with @baileemarshall  Ughh
Ughh totally burnt 
Ughh, making me resort to a pc immediately makes the day a LOT harder 
Ughh, I dont want to get up and draw owls 
Ughh.. I didnt win the miley tickets  people are too fast!
Ughh I need gas n I don't feel like going to get some 
@Jendalyn Ughh now i have to wait forever  I said be here at 1:30!!!!
Ughh working on my project and watching Bridgets sexiest beaches 
