Most common words for this cluster:
[('very', 305), ('day', 25), ('today', 22), ('im', 16), ('amp', 16), ('time', 13), ('night', 11), ('work', 9), ('http', 9), ('way', 9), ('happy', 8), ('man', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'VERY', 0.9921251535415649), (u'EXTREMELY', 0.7916169762611389), (u'VERY_VERY', 0.7519029378890991), (u'INCREDIBLY', 0.7087097764015198), (u'REALLY', 0.696522057056427), (u'DAMN', 0.676230788230896), (u'REALLY_REALLY', 0.6689824461936951), (u'SOOOOO', 0.6635472178459167), (u'SOOO', 0.6610425710678101), (u'STILL', 0.6557323932647705)]





Is VERY sad that he broke his wife's decorative spoon. 
is very, VERY tired  . . .yet, still looking forward to spending my saturday with mumsy!! 
is VERY tired  *falls asleep*
@ASOS_Ilana VERY interested!!! (can't DM as you're not following me  )
VERY not happy with the creature who dug in my veggie garden last night.  
Sitting in the garden, Enjoying the sun but yet VERY bored! 
@salmawarraich hahaha. VERY. its very hot 
Morning. I have a VERY sore head. It all seemed like such a good idea at the time... 
Is VERY misunderstood 
is NOT ignoring you guys, just has pics uploading VERY slowly on fb and myspace so can't respond to comments right now  Loves Ya
VERY hungoverrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Catching up with work after a VERY busy weekend - actually, VERY busy week. Exchange student leaves tomorrow. She's been very homesick 
@annyo84 im SO GLAD for u, but im also VERY JEALOUS hahah!! aww i wish i was there  u guys have fun k! take pics n vids! better miss me ;)
@annyo84 im SO GLAD for u, but im also VERY JEALOUS hahah!! aww i wish i was there  u guys have fun k! take pi.. http://tinyurl.com/c6n5y8
Goodmorning..today is VERY gloomy 
expecting a VERY important email. work work work on summer 
@jr5757 Im only 23 and this is my first child. Probably my last. Its a VERY tuff JOb. I love it though just hard. 
Feeling bad for missing out on a VERY good friend's birthday. I'm so sorry 
i chose the mud cake over the cross trainer, it was nice but now feel VERY guilty. 
@moolanomy That is EXTREMELY disappointing!    I'm disappointed in blogher
VERY upset that I didn't get to go to the show tonight...came home early because I didn't want to drive in rain all day tomorrow 
that was a VERY unsatisfying ending..but a very sad story 
VERY BUSY  exams in a week soo nervous :S
Stupid alarm didn't go off and I'm now VERY late 
haven't been online in a VERY long time. stupid work makes me have no social life. 
at work 11 hours today yay me  but interesting convosation last night !!!(VERY)!!! INTERESTING but ppl say alot of thing when the half way
huh, thank u VERY much! 
@janedunn This really is VERY cool. Sadly, I'm not on vodafone, so I guess the update thingy won't work  but still! I can spam you 
@selfexile True. I had to update because my phone was VERY buggy and slow. A flop flagship 
Times when u miss having a man around: when something is up VERY high 
My brother took the VERY last of the whipped cream  so now i have berries, but no cream...
@piaguanio VERY AMAZING!!!!  too bad he went back to the states. (
Last Exam today, but is feeling VERY nervous about it. 
morning all! its grey and miserable and VERY windy in Birmingham ... and I suspect the heavens are about to open shortly too 
. @MissShoko_rdj I know! I feel VERY tired &amp; sleepy and I have to work  all I want is RDJ quality time!
At graduation. who knew NC would be SO cold  this is going to be a VERY long day.
@MizzJizz thank god you did wake up cause i would've had a very, very, VERY, VERY bad day 
Just stood outside in boxers and a singlet talking to my ex on the phone. It was VERY cold! Not sure if I'm a dude anymore 
@majornelson I am VERY Excited for the ZuneHD! I am jealous that select few will be given one in advance 
@Rougier Cyan basically ENCOURAGED a HUGE and VERY damaging rift within the community to form.  That's all I'll say.
@MATT_369 I am trying to catch my breath from VERY long days this week. Waiting for kettle to boil not very exciting 
VERY upset....  Mom is in the hospital   
has a VERY arduous task to accomplish at work...stuff that should have already been done &amp; as usual it hasn't. Not because of me either. 
@rockinbobyn That movie looks VERY cute, and funny. I never get to go to the movies. 
Still can't find my id and is going to be very VERY upset if I can't go out with my deltas tonight 
@brandonxy I get VERY nervous around cute guys... 
sooo... we went to the park today...... yup. nothing interesting happened today and surpisingly, Art class was VERY boring. 
is tired, sore and VERY hungry -.-  ;'(
I is VERY burned! 
@ben_gordon LOL hot n windy and VERY sandy hee hee off for ice cream now n headin to the park very poor sig at beach 
but i went back to sleepies. now im feeling VERY sleepies! and i still have no milk 
slammed mi foot in my front door last night..very bloody, VERY painful..&amp; of course I had no vicodin. sadface: 
Forgot to eat today...no breakfast, no lunch after workout...not healthy at all...  VERY hungry now....:S
VERY concerned about my computer- it's taking an awful long time to boot.  http://myloc.me/264H
@AdamTrevisan VERY dirty 
RattieLovers just got a 6th boy! Stitch is, rescued, 5 months, VERY overweight black hooded boy. Kept in TINY cage, bit half of tail off 
@mitchelmusso Musso! i am VERY dissapointed.. you're so close to the city yet you're not coming.. seems as if you dont care 4 us here 
is resting.. 4 basketball matches nonstop on only water  = painful and VERY hungry.. I don't feel like going to the charty today 
so VERY hungover right now  quadruple sailor jerrys and coke is winnnnnn
Feeling VERY old now, and a bit down  Silly, really.
Pitbulls are bullies and EXTREMELY cocky dogs. I want one 
Is dying with the flu &amp; VERY angry that Detroit won last night 
@TraceyHewins Last night was a VERY Wolfish night,  I don't remember what I did when I got home...not a good look 
@angela_woo    boo. sorry girl!  hope it goes away VERY soon!!
@memoriadei I think it's VERY possible that pro-abortion folks might have done this to hang it on us ... either way, it's bad for us tho 
@mOnsietOnsie @c_zajac Yummers is meeting with some adopters tonight  Im sad but VERY happy for the lil guy!!
Bad BAD dream! And VERY sad  why cant i just get over him? :/ &lt;*jellybean*&gt;
hangin at home and is VERY sore 
@InternetPopular of course, he just called me. he said he had no clue that was going to happen and is VERY pissed off ... 
@Ifunanya VERY. i wish i knew his name 
listening to a VERY quiet house after family left from 3 day visit 
@itsmeabhi It's a VERY big ocean. 
@celinehlbk yeah this is VERY WEIRD, specially nowadays that we have all that tecnology thing :? i hope they find it asap 
My desk is VERY MESSY so that it doesn't fit anymore for me to study on it 
Just saw this bitch smoking while VERY pregnant. 
I miss the Jaylor days! I'm sad they broke up!  VERY VERY SAD 
@FunnyFarmFour I felt the VERY same way this morning 
@scraparcs so-so...I have 2 reg collectors 4 my fantasy art, but I have 2 let them know when I list it used to do VERY well, but lately 
@WeareTHATfamily - I have had it done to me... not fun   - VERY itchy and like a burning sensation... there will be tears... sorry 
GRR..getting VERY frustrated with the number of crashes in Blend today 
@astynes Count yrself VERY lucky! It's so frustrating.  It's bots that are spamming twitter. 
IS VERY VERY SAAAAD. 
social studies test part 1 today  not looking 4ward to it. an hour and a half is a VERY long time for multiple choice &gt;
Still VERY tired today 
My insect bites are seriously annoying! VERY intchy and swollen  All together there is about 14!!! Oh man.. trying to stop scratching! :'(
@purseonality That is VERY sad at this point  well why not just pop on a movie? I gotta go back to Hulu to finish Secret of Nimh in a bit
ssssooooo sssssaaaadddd! i have 4 days before a freind who i care about VERY much is moving away FOREVER!           
i lost somethin VERY important X(  :'(
well that and VERY busy at work 
Ems, I got your card! VERY neat handwriting! I feel bad now cause I haven't bought you one yet  But I'm gonna send you one after my exams!
Is VERY worried about TayTay he's sick  I HOPE he gets well &amp; feel better &amp; back to his old self VERY soon ;-)
as u can tell from my tweets i miss someone VERY VERY much. 
Zero 7 is on the playlist at this reception, feelin' nice and relaxed... It is DARK in here though. With a VERY high ceiling.... 
is very very VERY bored! 
@hdaze tried the baits. Have killed 1 with it, died in my study = to this day not found corpse  VERY smelly. Not a good idea in hindsight
@donniewahlberg I thought u were a man of your word, guess i was wrong   Lots of fans in UK gonna be VERY upset that your NOT comin back.
VERY unpleasant surprise in that bloody obama white house special! grrrrr  dont bother asking.
@SneakerQueen man - no contract so we couldn't go on air  I was feeling VERY FRUSTRATED yesterday but I'm better now.
@DesperateHouseW if it's not susan, I will be VERY upset. Which is why I think it won't be susan 
@farwyde since I tweet from my phone, I'm never in any danger! but that was VERY disrespectful of them  *shakes fist at twitter*
@BlazingLily  it is EXTREMELY sad.  i'm jealous!!!
@loretin @ChavisToaster @GlobeAlone74 It's sad... The new &amp; VERY pervy generations have kicked us out 
Has had a VERY long day, what with german lesson, shopping, lots of rain, family visits and other activites. Basically ready for bed! 
Note to self.  TweetDeck is VERY sensitive on this laptop. 
awake for 36 hours. asleep for 5 hours. i'm VERY tired today. pushing through as i try to regulate my sleep schedule by monday.  
@bigdbc does chelsea handler have a twitter? she was just VERY rude about Miley.....uuugggghhh 
@muSicFienDkiCks LOL I need 2 do something though I have been eating VERY bad over the past few weeks, nothing but fried food 
sophia has VERY good water at her house. i want some more 
is VERY busy today.. darn. 
Having a VERY fucking stressed out evening 
@TheLexa YES!!! man we are soo slippin on our pimpin...that's VERY unsual of us  I MISS YOU and your bowling bag
is still VERY disappointed with Hillsong 
VERY disappointed! Stupid arm! 
VERY long night... 
@TronjanHorse LOL tell me about it!  It's actually not as bad as I remember, just VERY tedious.
@veganrunningmom @Lybbe I just found a store near me that sells Almond Breeze + it is VERY good. I like soymilk better but its more cals. 
My mum just made fun of my husband  and it was a VERY VERY bad imitation!
leaving soon, don't know when i'm going to come back  feels like the end of an era. VERY sad (((((
i'm VERY tired and of course my brother has all the energy in the world  this is going to be a very long day 
uploading pictures at 5 AM is a VERY bad idea ... you accidentally delete 167 of the greatest pics  
@JeniBarnett .... very neglected and VERY much in need of TLC 
@CaptainFletcher ahhh  were you from? im VERY tierd haha should be in bed really
@TeamDemi_Lovato who cares!?!!?!??!?!!?! not me it's REALLY EXTREMLY VERY annoying ppl who keep saying that!!! sry 
Arrgh, VERY disappointed with the whole election &amp; BNP disaster  Also disappointed &amp; angry that everyone seems to be blaming ...
I only hope that The @jonasbrothers can come with the new stage here to Argentina  because we (the fans) can be VERY close to them !!!!!!!
Morning!... VERY TIRED 
@garethslee newport has gone VERY grey 
900th post. Very VERY drunk last night. In the restaurant that I work in aswell. I shall be teased beyond belief when I go back to work. 
AHH I WANT http://bit.ly/sqG5P / http://bit.ly/17oQMf VERY VERY BADLY. 
is finding it VERY hard to be motivated to work. 
Headache is back! VERY bad now 
@claymuse I've grown up with cats, so I think that's why I have them....&amp; if not for them I'd be very lonely!  They are VERY spoiled brats
@AngelaGillham oh! *pout* nights are VERY difficult for me! I don't have a babysitter and don't have anyone to ask 
is missing someone VERY much 
We're a VERY long way from Ireland last week 
just randomly got VERY itchy 
@YoungQ I'm VERY glad you had a day off to rest, recouperate and relax (I hope) but I must say, I do miss your tweets! 
@andrewhuntre You're British? From where? I'm just catching up and finding I'm VERY behind on things  That's a great idea.
Rates won't be this low for much longer - the time to refi into a VERY low rate may be coming to an end!!     Call before they raise them!
I think it's a VERY early to bed night tonight. Having a hard time keeping my eyes open and it's only 545pm. 
@muSicFienDkiCks not me ... She was VERY disrespectful 
i have come back from food shopping and my little boy played up terrible..was VERY embrassing 
@Qierann VERY VERY sian....  
oh this also means that the vid I'm making for adge...won't probably be uploaded till VERY LATE...it's not complete 
Morning. It's VERY warm 
@NicolaKenny VERY sad times! Boohoo! 
@ashalynd for instance i read your timeline then flick to another @ who answers you then back again, VERY convaluted and yes API time-out 
@FemProMom jealous  IM VERY HUNGRY!
omgg....i hope vinnie will b okay  VERY worried!!
&lt;-------------- Has VERY bad luck.  **sigh**  
My teeth are starting to hurt again.......... That means I'm VERY VERY sleepy 
VERY wet morning in Dublin 
@vik_t VERY COOL!!! Sorry, but I couldn't make it to you event. 
a VERY raining soccer today &amp; we are on snack duty so no skipping  please rain, stop around 6:30 just for a few hours, thanks.
They just cleaned my shoes &amp; now they're VERY squeaky!  I hate that!
I am VERY sad that I do not have Beyonce Tix this year - man... 
trying VERY hard not to turn into the green monster 
@PRCog Death as in I almost died a young, but VERY happy 16 year old girl. Mia is doing group tmrw...sad I'm missing it 
seesmic desktop is really nice but its EXTREMELY glitchy for me.  I think im going back to tweetdeck 
@Kristin61378 I agree.  I could go for some blueberry pancakes, but I am VERY tired and still have to work tomorrow 
watched a very very very VERY sad ep of greys  more of them to come!
@Kendra311 BTW, I know the &quot;not seeing each other&quot; thing VERY well. Took me 2 days to convince our CPUs that they could see each other. 
dropped a hot chip tray on my foot, lets just say it was VERY painful 
@newmoonmovie This is getting WAY out of hand VERY fast!! It's only been a few days....think of how the next 4 weeks will go!!  Poor Rob!
wearing a VERY ugly t-shirt i found in the attic and looking at baby kittens... THERE SOO CUTE!  my friends groundhog is dead 
@kmariswamy really?!  H1N1 not VERY deadly la.. mmm.  ok i'm thinking i'm thking!
is trying VERY hard to get rid of this headache... but this headache is trying VERY hard to become a migraine.  
@mousebudden VERY 
off to australia tonight for the ICANN meeting in sydney. this one will be VERY interesting. not the same without @joi and @scrawford 
Today is a VERY sad day. Marcus died two months ago today. 
is hungover...very very VERY hungover. 
Getting ready for graduation. Yesterday was the last day of middle school life, and it was VERY emotional. 
@vampirewiretour It's ALL about tearing down Robsten. And you're right, it is VERY sad 
My newest foster puppy...VERY thin and was found covered in motor oil  http://twitpic.com/7uafr
@iowagirl09 Sorry, I am too computer challenged...don't know how to post pics on here  He was VERY hot though!! ;)
woke up EXTREMELY sore all over, coughing and sniffling ... this is going to be a loooong day 
@aspieteach the malai kofta and chicken mahkani!!! it really puts me to sleep and is VERY heavy 
VERY bad headache  hope i'm alright for london tomorrow. cannae stand these stupid painkillers.
for the past couple of years, i have pain that goes from my left shoulder blade all the way down to my left wrist.  it's VERY annoying. 
@Active_Girl thx! i'm sure your answer is VERY unbiased ;)  i'll be trying wii fit first. i only know 1 person who has active 
VERY long day ahead of me. This is going to suck. 
I am VERY cold  jumper and a wooly hat on @otisbear isnt cold so he doesnt think this means we need heating on x
sighhhhhhhhhhhhh. my ankle needs to heal!  Bix training is going very, VERY poorly as a result...
I took a break frm twitter. Im bak and VERY hung over  ouchy
Hello people... i'm VERY busy!!!  #coisas do col.! afff...
Not at all impressed with audio quality of the n97 after being used to 5800  It's just about adequate but VERY harsh sounding. Shame.
I am not liking the VERY LOUD music at the street fair going on on my block today 
so tired and VERY SAD she's going away for the summer 
@lookimacowmoo very, very, VERY 
Long day, Now VERY tired 
@4lton nope i am still in looooooooooooove with it. I have just been VERY busy the past 2 weeks 
Just watched the Iranian woman killed in protest video.  Wow! VERY sad.   #thingsnottowatchevar
@Angie414 I deed, hon.  Yes, I am credited!    I am VERY excited!    And I meese you.  
Omgeeeezy this is VERY jank! 
Soo many people that aren't white... There are some VERY intimidating people around  I wish I still had all my piercings and looked tough!
gonna TRY to go to sleep...:sigh: i doubt it will work...somethings missing! a VERY VERY VERY important something! 
mkay so its like 2:37 am. and im not tired at all. cause my house in VERY hot! and all sticky! ugh. yucky. 
im not happy at all. im VERY 
home and VERY TIRED 
Working 9-6 today i'm VERY tired. It's father's day too 
#twek Woohoo 25 miles done. 2 blisters and a VERY sore hip  but finished Yay! 
Wuuhaa today was VERY weird . First on a portugese party , than 2 my boy friend ... The party was ... WEiRD ! xD NO tomorrow is school .. 
waaaait, so when did @mrchicity33 let you give him your phone number so he can personally call you?! i am VERY late to that party... 
@ AalinaKirche I'm a beginner at german too...at the VERY begining 
3/4s through a VERY long day at work. 
Waiting in emirates lounge in LHR (again) for another overnighter to Dubai  VERY thankful for business class and lie flat beds but still..
Im home from a VERY long weekend :L so tiredddd  sleep in a bizzle ;P x
i am VERY sad J&amp;K+8 filed for divorce today! those poor kids 
@micahmeekah woulda happened eventually..kate is VERY controlling and jon is EXTREMELY passive agressive..horrible combo. Jon &amp; Kate 
@mmm81 Me too.  It's SO bizarre going to shows without you and Cat.  VERY VERY bizarre.
@iNut Anyways, I live in a desert, so we don't get much rain here, and it gets VERY hot. ughhhh 
! cain't wait to go to the beach with Deonna tomarrow. it should be VERY fun. &amp; then M.A w/ deonna. wow im havin' a good summer. brace's 
@racheltielli that happened to me once and he was old and VERY dirty. 
and hes out ! finally ! what a rush im gonna be in  ps so VERY sleepy 
Very very VERY VERY TIRED AND SORE! And of COURSE it's a friggen hot day again!! I don't want to go to work 
Oh sweet mother of god....I just gagged over the toilet &amp; nothing came out...VERY hungover!  but last night= amazing &amp; ridiculous!
poker is addictive  VERY!
@lauracutajar I just love the fact he is so damn intelligent, he is chivalrous and that is VERY attractive 
got it. Installing as we speak.... LOVE the nano connector  VERY sleek mouse indeed.
@PinkPeonies Yeah, you don't have to with nasturiums, but it helps  Caution - don't like transplanting - be VERY careful when you do.
I'm VERY VERY hungry! Don't anyone on my timeline dare to talk about food :@ Or I'll seriously eat you up! 
OK. OK. I get it now!! Thanks! I'm nodding, smiling, and LISTENING!!! Thanks for clueing me in... my wife is going to be VERY grateful! 
@mileycyrus it is VERY silly the stories the press make up, don't worry most of us understand they are all OTT anyway  x
@alwaysrecycle we are VERY coool &amp; haha yes they do ;) epic you, epic me, epic high five! 
is dressed and rearing to go.. wonder what today has in store, other than a lovely sunday lunch  first one in a VERY long time!
@barbararae THANKS YOU VERY MUCH 
it's very very very very VERY dramatic red. eilidh is pleased 
@aerialmelodies thank you!  indeed I hope so. &amp; one of the regulars told me that it IS twice a month, which makes impatient me VERY happy.
@simonalison yes please! black, no sugar, splash of cream please   VERY late night for some. I gave up early, bug eyed from too much PS3
Speed typing games are apparently VERY addicting. Oops, back to work. 
@StephenAckroyd Dual accounts coming very VERY soon to TweetDeck is you can hang on a little bit longer 
Some minor brain-overload during the show this morning, but overall VERY PLEASED with our product...  Good first day back!! 
@Aboundlessworld VERY beautiful... the land and even more the people 
i had a VERY productive day today.  pssssssh. the rainy weather TOTALLY convinced me to go out and not sleep the day away...)
@BrandonBall aw sweetie I'm sorry but I am Very VERY proud of you!  if it helps any so why aren't u following me good sir?
On my way to my spa day  VERY MUCH NEEDED!! 
@SicknastyKaryn yeah they are VERY friendly. heheh 
is VERY drunkk.  xoxo 
@localfruit  HA! that is VERY funny.  u have a talened pup on ur hands.  
@CSick09 dat is VERY ironic  and yesss i did LOL .
@Trekkygeek lmao ! Very true, maybe one day it will happen, was VERY tempted to buy one last night 
@timmysa tegan and sara are VERY refreshing. follow them @theteganandsara 
@Ashie1004 interesting to see the differing accounts. mandy is always VERY pc in all her accounts. her robbie is a monk! 
@sandraschubert This is true... Clean clothes is a VERY good thing!   Enjoy your day! Love your new avatar BTW!
happy mother's day to all! going to an astros game and then dinner with the whole family!!! I am VERY excited  and mom liked her gifts!
http://twitpic.com/4xal4 - I am VERY loved and blessed 
@MabelKwan was a VERY good catch up session.. will try super duper hard to heed your advice.. love u!!! 
VERY happy with the Idol results!  This is going to be a kick ass finale 
@Drikster Awesome sex sounds like a VERY good way to celebrate testo. 
and wearing VERY nurdy glasses...like on my pic. i luv it 
@joyroett read it!  VERY good! I want more lol  Can the boys be mine? lol
Dominic is a VERY happy man 
@GenevaMWilgus Looks like your adventures in Tibet are just as wonderful as always. VERY glad for you! 
@ClareDee I'm doin' good now, thanks  The experience, however, was VERY horrifying!!!
@MirandaBuzz Oh i hope you really enjoy it ! , i think is gonna be SUPER cool  , have a VERY good time ,love you always and again sweet 16
It begins again  VERY excited. Really hope it's legit. Those in the know, jump on board &amp; follow @simeonhobbes  http://tr.im/lz8f #Los ...
my grandma (who was sleeping in the bed next to me) just woke up and told me that is VERY VERY late and i MUST sleep so... G.Night! 
omg things may be looking up VERY soon 
@Beverleyknight i'm very VERY hungover. Apart from that i'm dandy  I should probably lay off the gin though. And the rum. And Whisky...
@phpenguin Elephant cam had stayed static and never uploaded... until today.  VERY CUTE!
@thePISTOL http://twitpic.com/424qb - i must say you guys pull of the snuggie VERY well 
@meekakitty CAPS ARE VERY NICE 
Cold and wet - VERY cold and VERY wet, but Meg did get a second. 
@belle_lulu @lesley_M i am a VERY lucky boy if that's the case 
@wparavas I would say that is a VERY lovely pic!! I dont understand where your smile went but it is a nice pic 
@patriciakaulitz network maintenance requires servers to be taken offline. network maintenance is VERY essential to have a GREAT server 
@yoursake it is VERY healthy 
IM VERY VERY VERY VERY HAPPY NOW     
@ChristineOliver Look up &quot;deixis.&quot; It's a rhetorical term/trope. You use it VERY well, ambiguously and lyrically, in your tweets. 
i was kidding. you look kiddy! in a VERY good way.  -Tay
@clarisseee something is VERY wrong with this world...we can't even like legally get with them...but i will not give up 
@bruxedo Thank you VERY much for the mr tweet recommendation! I appreciate it very much! 
@K7vans I was reading a book yesterday so I tried avoiding twitter but it was VERY difficult. 
hoping that ellen and oprha will take the time to say hi to a tasmanian girl studying VERY hard at uni to become a nurse 
VERY COOL, got rid of &quot;category&quot; from Wordpress URL. It's now http://rubenerd.com/show/ instead of http://rubenerd.com/category/show/!!! 
kinda hungry ill probably eat some pankakes..... cuz they always make me feel VERY happy (and full)(HAHA) 
Pure gold for DUI lawyers, I'm thinking, but what would I know ?  http://short.ie/dui Some breathalysers are VERY unreliable
Morning twitter! Ya girl's in a VERY good mood 2day... Lovely weekend planned 
@JohnFoleyIII CM is VERY administrative; fun balancing admin and directly working with families  #kidmin
@MusicGurlJay VERY 
@KittyBradshaw shaved. or at least VERY neatly trimmed. I like 2 eat hair free lettuce 
It's been a VERY long time since I've been away more than 24 hours...  hopefully I can detox a bit 
@Brewhouse94 I'm not going back there for a VERY long time! :/  Or until they hire a new assistant!! Thnx for the offer tho!  I feel btr!
going to bed.  It's been a VERY good day. now, it is saturday yet?
@shannonmisso : congratz hun.... and all the VERY best... 
