Most common words for this cluster:
[('very', 618), ('quite', 95), ('pretty', 91), ('day', 62), ('today', 52), ('sad', 41), ('http', 41), ('nice', 39), ('amp', 34), ('quot', 32), ('cool', 29), ('home', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Very', 0.9196522235870361), (u'Pretty', 0.7450417876243591), (u'Quite', 0.7053917050361633), (u'Really', 0.6898708343505859), (u'Awfully', 0.6862444877624512), (u'Extremely', 0.6395357251167297), (u'quite', 0.637737512588501), (u'Not', 0.6294141411781311), (u'Pretty_darned', 0.6245574355125427), (u'Too', 0.6194794178009033)]





Landed funny on my foot this morning while jumping down the stairs and I twisted it. Quite sore now.. 
Feels like a cramp. Quite disconcerting 
Very concerned to see cyclist had been knocked off bike at bottom of North Walls.   Very much hope they will be OK.
@HarrietPenguin Very jealous! Seeing him later this year at MEN but won't be the same as a little gig 
@leawoodward Quite possibly - though with the cat, its more of a slang phrase to describe his defiant behavior   http://bit.ly/189FQI
@nichbuick Quite possible I'm afraid, shouldn't happen but can. I had a set replaced under warranty at &lt;2000 miles last year 
Found 2 bugs @ BlueBird  http://screens.delaender.net/0e4ad48a87bd4c0593931f6a4f652aef.png for example ... Very very basic bugs....
Very sad - Charlton Athletic have been relegated.  Will have a drink to console myself 
The plumber is late.  Very late. Not surprised...and I have to pee. 
Rally's going well, a few minor issues. Very limited cell coverage here 
@JoelMadden I love that movie!!!  Very cute &amp; yes sad!!  
just watched the 3rd season of The O.C., Marissa died. Very sad  going on with season 4 now xD
Prep for this week's 1st-year Phil-Mind tutorials. Very conceptually sophisticated readings. Expecting three hours of blank faces... 
@harrisj contacting Customer Service. I look forward to that blue bag on my lawn every Sunday. Very disappointing... 
I feel like death warmed over. Pretty sure i'm not getting out of bed today. 
@mrskutcher There was this movie on lifetime,Human trafficking. They take these innocent girls and turn them into sex slaves. Very sad 
@iledere Yikes, thats not good. Very handy at just 1 hour for me. Moving it further south will make Nantes closer 
@mrskutcher Very sad story about Rubina   To everyone else....Slumdog Millionaire star's family trying to sell her....http://bit.ly/m5uu4
@x_it Thanks. I'll post that information as a 2nd comment. The first casualty in war is truth  Pretty dumb of #redshirts to do this.
Very chuffed with my new Campers! But still sad to hear that they're leaving SA 
Very stuffed and there's still loads of food on the table! Somebody help me, my dad's abandoned me to finish up 
@markyehan Very sad... Haha I better start on my Bill Viola (http://tr.im/BillVilwiki) essay now - 1000 words! 
Very angry. Car got fixed, car broke again.  And the 'rents won't lend me one of theirs! 3 cars, 3 people, everyone should get one!
@illBLvnDW4Evr32 Very unfortunate.  WOW! That's loooong!
THIS IS TERRIBLE  Very unexpected too. Just got braces for my lower teeth...with a bionator! (
@LexaShmexa Very glad that you are well. Sorry to hear that your head feels crappy.  Sending well wishes and good vibes your way!
@Phreakazoid Very. Still got it, after 4 Nurofen Plus.  How you going? When are you coming to visit? :p
Very stressed! Dad sold the ranchito &amp; is movin' N w/ 1 of my brothers. So.. me &amp; hubby are lookin 4 a house w/ no luck at all yet! Nada! 
Quite ill  and since I didn't win the lottery, I have to finish this essay off instead. double frown.
Very boring night... Going to go to bed soon... Ugh work tomorrow 2-8:30 
Very sad about Kate Walsh's divorce. She and I had the same wedding dress designer. 
Very sad that Matt was voted off American Idol 
Very worried that Finbar the cat is missing. Not been home for 3 days. Most unlike him. And I can't see enough to look for him. 
Very unlucky today, got into accident. Lady driver hit my car when reverse from parking 
I lost my $20 bill I just got.  Pretty sure it fell out of my back pocket and burgled from me.    Sport event tonight in Katzweiler.
I lost the $20 I just got. Pretty sure it fell out of my back pocket and someone burgled it from me.  Sport event tonight in Katzweiler...
@Yochanan Pretty good. Bones said I can't sleep in any longer. 
@ThisIsRobThomas I'm in Australia and actually know what you're talking about. Very sad 
losy my nano tank today. Total annihilation, every thing gone. Very sad so I closed it down 
@all well wk sucks. People suck. I havent met one honestly nice person today. Very evil. 
Also .... Kim Kardashian's butt? Very real and very fabulous. I should be so lucky. Mine is flat and square. 
GAGA arts festival was funish. Very tired now. 
catching up on tweets and watching the news. Quite a storm that came through here today. One person died 
Very full of tacos, quesadillas, and margaritas. Maybe TOO full.   I guess there IS too much of a good thing. 
@hanaabanana  well we need to sort that out! @jonathanrknight Pretty please just a quick mention to Hana, and she's all set for the day!
Just looked through all my photos. I have maybe... 3 that I'm in. Quite sad, actually 
Very difficult to study with our Parrot screaming his head off 
wouldn't you just know it.  Sun disappeared and it's freezing.  Very windy today and cold especially when sun disappears. 
the dogs. Very rushed experience. Skinny brown slivers. Low net weight. Ran in and out of bathroom. 
Muffins: Very tasty. Pie: Cooling; to be eaten later. Boo papering  Can I bake more?!
Just got home. Cleaning  Had a great day with Maxie. Very grateful for semi-normal days in his autistic world. Just love him so much.
@jaysonkingsbeer  Very nice mines the 2.1ghz but no the latest gen  Do yah no whats wrong with it?
My 50mm 1.4 broke  Very bummed. Perhaps it's a good excuse to upgrade to a 1.2.
I wanna go to the mall! Haha. Pretty bored right now..  i just wish i can sleep!
Working with CSS... Very hard for me 
Hubby in bed still. Amy having mid-morning kip. Very lonely life being me sometimes 
Very windy , Dusty &amp; Cloudy day ... Pls end fast  
Quite a nice morning. Why do i have work? 
Very tired and hot weather today! Juz meet back some kids. 
Sick.... Very sick....  ugh! I just want to breathe!!
@shoptilldrop Just popped on for a quick look. What sunshine? Quite dull here. About to start the ironing, feel down today. 
Very tanned after a few hours at Manukan Island 
@afrausto Very much so. Living in Idaho, I doubt they'll ever be in the vicinity so I can see them live. 
Yeah. Very sad. 
I take no satisfaction in seeing Luongo feeling so badly. Very sad interview by Luo. 
Welcome to heartbreak!  The Mavericks season is over. You can't win a championship if you forgot how to play defense. Very sad! 
Very irritated by being asked to pick up visitors and coffee for meetings I know nothing about. Sent stroppy email. nowt will happen 
@Tittch Very lucky Tittch, keep my fingers crossed for you that all goes well. Don't forget you can't smile any more in the photo 
Very old, really nice song. Sad one   ? http://blip.fm/~6966v
Lunch at The Royal Society. Very fulfilling, literally... Trouser zip burst! Blushes spared, I've fixed it but can't have second pud 
@BernajeanPorter But our Supt won't let us bring laptops to admin meetings anymore  (Talking about when time moves VERY slowly...) 
a first in 13 yrs. Had to cancel a procedure on a 14yr old dog b/c I just couln't get an IV on the dog.Very Frustrating  will try again
Off to work on tills for 6 1/2 hours. Evening gone.  But oh well. Quite warm day 
@PawPrintsPet awww.   Pretty past on Jan 27th, she was 12.
@future_classics 3? Pretty good, ha. I was off at 2 
@petabridges couldn't attend Girl-athon. ISP was down! Secondary ISP was ALSO down!??? Very frustrating! 
@Lady_Twitster Very Bored!!!  But good though...LOL How are you??
Just got up.  Very groggy, up to 5AM last night...  Jeez, only 5 hours of sleep.... 
gettin ready to hop on bus 2 Ramstein! Very tired. Didnt sleep well   Birds startd chirpin @ 3am! LOUDLY! Ha..oh well!
Quite good to get back to normal after a marathon weekend. Too old for that now 
Is a third wheel like none other. Awkward. Very. 
Morning all. Just about survived the weekend. Very sad though as my visitors are leaving me today 
Knew they were f*cked. Very disappointing. And no cash (or very little) for me to boot! Skint now 
@ViePurple Fairly busy but not too bad! I'm tired though, didn't sleep well last night 
Cat's over-grooming again. Does it around this time every year. Quite upsetting. To distract her I've put her outside against her will 
@k8dt Quite welcome! I get blipped every now and then through what I have at imeem, but they recently changed to 30-second clips! 
#weather_me WV14, Cloudy, Very cold today 
@MaggieA Ridiculously fast. It's not just you. It's its only flaw. Nightly charging required. 
I'm panda-eyed... Drove up to Seria today.. Hehe not missing the commuting at all... Pretty stressed about work.. Met some evil people 
@awollenberg Very sorry to hear your news, Anne 
Being Very Bored 
Its morning! And im in pain  I swear in the night i've booted the wall or something :/. Quite tired but i'm up and ready to do more testy!
NNNNNOOOO!!! My girl has been voted off.  Very sad.
So Thai social still blames computer game as a source of every child's misbehavior? Very conservative thinking! 
Very soreee head  Stoopid hayfever :'[[
Very disappointed by Dr. Kagan. Nowhere near as inspiring as expected 
@jonathaneric Oh yes  Very disturbing in a cool (well hot) kind of way. I think I may end up there one day 
http://twitpic.com/5oxz3 - After my first swimming thingy in the sea last week  Pretty cold, yea 
@dbferguson That SUCKS!  Very sorry to hear the news.  
Quite possibly the last one of the season   http://twitpic.com/5p3zg
Very disappointed in California. I can't believe it's 2009 and people still show this much H8. Makes me sad 
@isthetim Very healthy and very delicious! Full of tofu! And Hunan is better IMO, but waaaay more expensive 
@jordanknight Damn my messages must get lost for sure!! After seein' all those replies to you! Very sad!   lol
@wozzette Noooooooo!  Very distressing. Any luck bringing it back to life?
Very awake. Swollen face. Stuffy head. Breathless. Can't get comfortable  I has teh lurgy.
@ButtaFlyLipz Exactly. Very strange. I hope they are not traumatized. 
@Mandy_Mo Very true, and the only way to stop it, especially in these countries, is to get at the root causes - poverty. A very hard task 
Very sad that i can't get time off work to go to Hat Camp!    Not pleased about this one bit.
Sad news about the loss of Radio Hampshire. Always been a difficult patch to cover but we had faith in Jason Bryant. Very sad news 
Epicfail and Joseph in class... Very long liao 
Just got home after walking the dogs.  Very humid in Kaneohe.  No AC in my home    Ceiling fans work!
Is Sitting Alone In A Very Quiet House ! 
Very lonely here in Gosforth gallery  but excited for meal at Six followed by Antony and the Johnsons tonight. Woohoo!!
@KrystalNichole Pretty good!!! I think I overdid the gym yesterday... other than that just working 
Very bummed I can't go to the @shiftworkspace open house today.   DD and I woke up with a stomach bug.  Blech.  Y'all have fun!
@mizzyalana Very nice!  Bea and I are so bummed we can't make it   We should try and get together in the near future.
Very sad that my camera is in the hands of the Geek Squad. 2-3 weeks! 
@BoHeMyth: Very interested. However, low carbs for the next month means no beer for me 
@Anjeebaby Snap. I'm the same with any reality show. Watch the first and I'm hooked   Very sad
Very annoyed by my braces. Cheek is all cut up and can't eat 
Very bored. All day, no one 2 talk 2. Missing my BF (and his kisses). Hols almost over,  don't wanna go back 2 skool.
#BGT Quite an awkward moment, poor girl  I hope she doesn't loose it again.
I've been to Rome, Italy. I love it there. Elegance, style. Very difficult to live in Chicago. No elegance here. Sad. 
Double rainbow above the Organs. Pretty, but doesn't take the edge off my $460 grocery tab. 
@Daibhidh Very nice! Anyway i'm going to bed now or i'll be like a zombie tomorow  ........not a good thing! Night Xxx.
Very sad day for me.  Fred the Dragon has a hole and is now flat.  I have no one else to ride in the car with me.  
At a loss for words. Found out an old friend was killed in a car wreck last year in Atlanta. Very devastating. Left behind 2 young boys. 
Very upset  I can't believe my Nuggets lost to those ugly Lakers... ugh
Very sad that Leno's reign is over 
Our Maine Coon soiled himself this morning and we had to get out of bed early to clean him up. Very moody now. Bah! 
Quite night at home    (sigh)
Quite perfectly beautiful day in Paris - shame my left ear seems to have developed some random infection and I feel really sick 
@Skettalee Actually it does make me feel bad, Lee. Very bad. Thanks for twisting the knife deeper. 
@zelciia No rock. Very boring breakfast! Croissant and coffee. Nada. 
your status and immediately turned to it.  Very sad! How are you?Im back in Austin we should go do something.
@ruthellison http://twitpic.com/68jau - Very cool. Sorry to have missed them 
@Rongura  Pretty sure you'll feel better tomorrow 
@willcarling Very close then  Thanks for info. Come on #Lions
Very sad about leaving Holly Springs High. I've met some of the best friends and teachers ever. It's hard for me to say goodbye 
Quite tired, but the party is still going on... 
 Very sad. Half terms over!! Back to school, so much to worry about! Trying to do a stupid project, but this girl hasnt sent me her work!!
Hmm and coz I'm a lonely girl I might just fall asleep to a disk from girls of the playboy mansion! Very sad  goodnight friends xx
Just back from a day trip to Montserrat. Very fun. Last day tomorrow.   http://yfrog.com/3ox4yj
Still Very Tired 
WTC site. Very sad  http://twitpic.com/69kkk
Very hot today :O Shame iv been stuck inside revising 
@Yeqi Saw this http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103190/ the other day. Very good: beautiful cinematography. Van Gogh's last 67 days  
Very jealous of @nmyers89  who is having a domino pizza... Tuna for Josh 
Watched footage on enews about the beached whales. Very sad day for Cape Town indeed  only 11 of the 55 survived
Watching the siblings. Pretty soon im going to clean my room 
Going to graduation. Very sadd  sittin with jelly! Funn. Listenin to music.
Quite disappointed that diamondback jerseys are over 100 dollars at the stadium, when i am only willing to spend 60. 
at LAX. Very sad to be leaving L.A 
@freedom4USA oh ok it just seemed so bizarre. Unreal. It is true? Confused. Very. 
Very impressed with the night. Missed a few of the lads 
@ravenme Quite likely. I already lost a loyal follower. I promised to disable notifications, but I don't think he's back. 
Another good, yet sad day  Very emotional week...Xo
Very lonely. If I were in Chicago, or any place with decent public transport, I'd probably be out with friends right now.  I hate it here
@WhitneyEileen Pretty sure I miss you TONS already! 
Very disappointed that Vancouver is the closest place that &quot;Up&quot; is playing in 3D  
@RandGM  Very cool! I wish I could audition. Sadly, I don't have the time or the talent. 
Yep, been awake since 4am  Very tired now but things to do
@whizkidd Broke. Very, very broke. Plus I got some awesome friends on LAN so... 
@mmeeggsszz http://twitpic.com/69c7h - Very  pretty dresses! In Germany we haven't so nice ones 
Watched Patric 1,5 at #outtakes  tonight. Very funny Swedish film. That was my last one 
SO FRUSTRATED. Can't work out why this is happening. Very annoyed. Clearly I depend far too much on internets. 
@dwallen1 Very nice.. Wud luv to enjoy the sun but it's shaded and chilly on our balcony. 
Awww, Into The Wild....Excellent film! Very sad ending. 
Very bored  Just saw Lily's twitter that she's going away to shoot the video for he song 22 Great song woohoo can't wait!!! x
Lets Go Wings! Very sad that kristin is semi moving out today 
Very sad...just walked past the nussery @ CBC &amp; my son's not n there  ...oh wait. It's cuz he's out of town...it's not like they lost him!
Im At Home ... Very Very Bored 
Very disappointed by the French Open results today. 
@LoveBuzz0  i know im quite worried  x x
@wadecondict It's a weird world when some1 like Tiller can even do what he did &amp; go to church, much less get killed there. Doubly weird. 
@AndyKaufman It was supposed to be clear today! Very disappointed in SoCal, too 
Very sad for that I am not going to be able to see the MTV the vere tomorrow 
Finds living with a diabetic very stressful sometimes 
@RadioPaulo just watched the end of season 5! Pretty awesome, can't believe they killed my fav character 
Quite worried about my fiance. He's all poorly and there's nothing I can do to help. 
About to go into Virgin Megastore and see the state of the music industry. Very sad 
@mileycyrus have you been watching the French open? Very exciting! Nadal lost today though 
Off to bed now. Very tired because of my sore throat. Back to school life again tomorrow 
@lordoffiling Very kind, but it's a matter of time, not cost. Secretly, NCSoft asked me to do some Architect-ing, but nothing came of it 
@acangiano Oh man, I really enjoyed that documentary  Very nice tribute to a genius, so sad that he couldn't see tuva... 
@LaurenConrad Very true!!! Missed the end of the wedding and all the previews for next season were silent! 
The office is almost empty since the 3 persons that they fired on friday are one of the most early risers here. Pretty sad 
After a good long spell down by the seaside, time to go home and get back to work  Quite tanned now though!
@om_nick Pretty cold there at the moment 
Just finished my maths exam. Very easy at first, then really hard. Bye bye GCSE 
@egeek Har har! Very good! Unfortunately customers like faxing through documents rather than emailing 
@missgiggly Really?! OMG! A vent?! Obviously planned and knew the building. Very suspect! Kinda scary too 
Very fed up with Jakarta traffic management!!! I am late to cob now 
Very tired today, up late last night chatting with Owen on the phone. He's leaving in 5 days  gonna miss him
@nicepaul wow, I didn't realize that. Pretty impressive list of people complaining there. Could be a classic PR lesson for adobe 
@Lottie_88_ no because i was walking out the door about to put music on!! Very upset...  xx
Very Sad Day  GM having to declare B-ruptcy. A once large &amp; proud co.  Hopefully they get it worked out and back on track
Hard bar method class this morning. Very tired... not good sleep last night, anticipating my first day back at work 
So sleeeepy!!! Very loooong weekend! I think I still have the Itis from last night dinner! lol Didn't know Sushi could do that to you 
wow http://www.barefootbreaks.co.za sent us some awesome Zanzibar options for our 7day trip in Sept. Very impressed! Now to choose just 1 
Sitting in school. Pretty much the last day for some of my classes. It's sortof sad. 
@PattyGale Good morning to you Patty. Yes I agree! Very sad 
@PeteratSkype close to it. Very frustrating too! Its about an hour of talking and then &quot;click&quot; it hangs up and @Skype freezes too. 
Sad. Very pretty turquoise ballet pumps that fitted perfectly in the shop are too tight after a busy &amp; hot day ... 
Very excited about working at Advising Conferences...but bummed about grad school research and taking the GRE 
Still can't find OTH S6E3.  S Factor is my current alternative. Very lame show I know, but so entertaining. Obviously still not studying.
Very disturbed and sad to hear about the AF plane go down. Thoughts with the families of passengers on board. 
It's been a year now since he passed away  When is it going to get easier? R.I.P. Pretty Pretty
I hope that they find the missing French jet. Very sad thing 
Apparently, they are already working on H&amp;K 3: A Very Christmas Harold and Kumar.  
@GothLitChic Very! I'm on rich tea biscuits  Go read Written in the Stars, it's beautiful!
Over Pretty's house... The Rents just pissed me off! So I kinda have an attitude... I need some cheering up 
@DrAngelique BTW There are 4 construction guys here. Very noise and I can't leave the house.   At least stuff is getting done...
Very disappointed Dr. Tea's my favorite hideaway is closed. It had a beautiful serene zen garden 
Going to my last dinner in montreal... Its been fun... Sad that I'm leaving tomorrow am... Very early am... 
@Solzah Same here, same here. :/ I have to write a 10pg paper tomorrow. Very stressed about it.  But how are you?
Very sad.. My bfs falling out of love with me 
Very worried our 10 year old weim is really sick.  Waiting for Animal hospital to tell us what's wrong.  Really hope she is okay.  
Very short best-of vid of Famous People Players, only good one on YT  http://bit.ly/194gFN
Went back to the ICU tonight. Very depressing, esp @ night. They still don't know what's wrong with Andrew. 
@The_Teach yup, me too! same thing. Very annoying. Meh. 
@sintaks aww! I haven't  seen Up yet. Pretty cute that you cried through half though! 
Saw andrew. Very emotional.  we both were heart broken. We spoke about the andrew I knew &amp; loved is gone. I still love him very much.
Of course, the sales training will be AFTER the building site job tomorrow. Very early morning on Thu with a 7 am flight. 
Very sick family  have to Dr. The kid  feeling better then us, so it's a bit hard right now.
Very sad that there's only four weeks left till my bestest friend Lilly moves to Germany... 
@SheriTingle I see that often too. Quite ridiculous. 
@Clydedude Very very sad. Almost started crying this morning talking about it with Karen.  
I would love for one band I like to come to Halifax this fall. Pretty please? I am in concert withdrawl 
@CocaBeenSlinky Very true! Shame it's not staying much longer! 
pauln - Got my arse kicked at Crystal Palace - my first DNF. Very disappointing 
http://bit.ly/s7RrU  Pretty freakin' accurate. 
Spending some time with my Cat Geo. He has been struggling with Kidney failure &amp; tomorrow we have to put him to sleep. Very sad! 
@AaL17 I'm at my course  Haha, you do have fun! Making Paranoid Maths Tests  Very cool!!
your status and immediately turned to it.  Very sad! How are you?Im back in Austin we should go do something.
Very unhappy with my outfit purchase  i guess going to market mall was a bad choice! Stressful!...
thinks tonight went well. SVU finale was awesome!! Very intense ;) now off to bed. School tomorrow :/ last presentation, by myself  sucks.
Very upset with myself, guess thats what I get for snooping! Feel horrible inside! 
@bicyclemark The block isn't technical but psychological. By blocking a site, China criminalizes the act of accessing it. Very effective 
@Daizz26 Ikr?  But it was a good corner. Very nice hit. Oh wells.
No dancing for me tonight... Fairly bummed about that 
Aussie farmers direct fruit &amp; veg box just arrived.  Very heavy on the fruit, light on the veg. Pre-packet carrots in plastic bag  hmmm
@parlai Very true. The English language is very strange sometimes! lol Aw sorry about the spammage! 
Quite sick. I hope I don't have cancer 
Is Feeling Tiredd And Not Very Well  !!!
@hypatiadotca nope, mag stripe on the back.  Pretty cool hotel except the blew the bathroom, &quot;unigel&quot; soap/shampoo and no washcloths 
Very Tired!! A little bit SAD! mmm not a very good day 
Meant to say: Very interesting not intestering...  
Quite disappointed actually  http://tinyurl.com/cuy6d5 Pages 19-22
Very glum now  Metric Mentors have stopped all communication. Got to day 30 (phase 1) and all comms stopped. No money made there 
Lost my buddy sammy 2day ... Very sad day indeed!  
Doing some research for History on an Aboriginal female called 'Truganini'. She lived a VERY interesting life! Very sad though 
I've barely touched the bombay mix. Very bad investment! Making some headway, though doubt i'l make it to Crusaders 
Buen dia! con gripe  . Very usefull jQuery link: http://jquerylist.com/
@radicoon Quite easily actually. 
Very sad I can't be with the Pepsi gang today. I'm just snowed under with work.  #peptrends Have fun @stephagresta, @pop17, etc.
David Carradine died   Very sad news
@ComcastBonnie Yep, he was found hanging too. Very sad 
awww dang remeniscing bout them times in Europe . &quot;Extremely Retarded why did somebody call you that?&quot; i miss themm all 
@defaith Very much so. I'm really gutted.  Though Sims 3 came apparently.
@herbadmother Very sorry to hear that, Catherine. 
@dani_dutra Was great! Very much feeling it today though 
@Rogue_Leader I did hear that. Very much not good 
@LoLornaMarie Dead and Gone.  The end of an era   Very sad 
Last full day in Panama..leaving tomorrow morning. Very upset about leaving the beach. 
@selahdor I just have, like, waxed paper containers. Very un-Cambodian 
Another evening lost to work.....another day without training. Pretty P***ed off. 
Watched land of the lost with nick joe logan and bridgette! It was great! Pretty boring day though 
On the way to have dinner with thee fam! Somewhat trying to prepare myself for tomorrow 
@fluffygodzilla Quite fun actually xD not half as bad as I thought they would be. only 4 more =] Showertime soon, there's no hot water  &lt;3
Taking everything off my walls and packing up my room. Quite sad after 10 months of living in it. 
@Kellneriner88 Quite random la teringat that dude. LOL. I don't know what's for dinner. Dah la i tgh2 stress ni cepat lapar. Haih. 
Very cold night. Brr. / So our classes will now start on the 16th. YAY! But I miss my friends!  And I need cash! Allowance $-)
Very excited about seeing my boyfriend over the summer! Lovely boyfriend + sun = the best times. My room currently looks very bare 
have to avoid playing today  my hands have got to heal for tomorow. Acoustic setting AND an amazing new song. Pretty exciting!
Very reluctantly stayed home from work.  Want to die. 
Sent offour soldier  Wont see him again for at minimum 400 days. Very hard farewell
@LittleDishy Very bad allergies today.  Worst for ages.  Feeling v sorry for myself 
Lisa Is Very Bored 
Very annoyed at youtube for suspending Jonas Brothers 
@GentleSinner Very better. But he only has 2 songs  Have you seen What A Girl Wants? He's adowyble!! &gt;.&lt;
@Ian_McM oh no  poor david. The Mallorean was the first time I ever saw my name in print. Very sad.
Terminator Meh. Very dissapointed, some good action etc and an interesting cameo by arnie, but so much potential squandered. 
trying dryel at home dry cleaning.. Pretty good results.  Only home one day this two weeks.. no time to go to the dry cleaner 
@SophieRach Very sad to see you leave the guild  Dont you dare stop talking to me! I need you to keep my sanity!
@WestonGreenMan I must say, I wasn't overly impressed. Somewhat of a let down 
I wish I was witty.  Pretty much a fail at humor.  
Very worried about missing cat. 48th and College, small black cat, $1 million reward 
@fatalin my night in Warsaw was awful, that city failed me. That's why i'm home so f'in early. Quite not happy about it 
@mileycyrus Very pretty picture. It's cloudy here in Washington. 
Oli died  Very sad.
@Superfreak4Dean I completely understand.  We opted in favor of brain surgery for our first dog.  Very pricey and she did not make it.  
Feeling annoyed &amp; pissed at other people's Dis-Respect &amp; Cruellness, to people they don't even know. What have we become people? Very sad 
Very nice wedding! Go yelled at for spinning too much  but had fun!
The World is Very Disappointing 
just woke up. Very very unwell. Cud barely sleep last night, with the constant headache and cold troubling me 
Mornin, just finished watching the lightning show,the thunder,awesome! It's still going on but lessening every rumble  Quite refreshing xx
@djjazzyjeff215 it looks like that venue has had a hate on for hip hop for quite some time. Quite extreme: http://tinyurl.com/kqkqfh 
Very heavy rain in Milton Keynes right now.. If your in town It proberbly woke you up  I'm on air from 8 with Chilled Sunday  http://t ...
@MilkshakeManCP &quot;Somewhat girlfriend.&quot; 
Whoa...i just woke up singing a combination of 'dancing queen' &amp; metallica. Very weird. Cant get back to sleep now 
Ok so jagerbombs before bed: bad idea. Very bad. 
Try to learn. Very lazzy day 
@TheKellanLutz me either! I am having an AWFUL mornin! Very sad! 
BONES Season 4 finale. Very nice but also very sad. 
Resumed clearing my room in order to complete painting it. Very dusty - making my nose itch 
Very Hungry 
Very crabby in the Liu house today...trying to shake the funk without success 
I am Cold and Very tierd 
Very pleased to have finished up work - some obligatory feelings of sadness - but not many. Still miss grey cable knit cardigan 
Up was considerably more adult then I thought it was. Pretty sad too, it had it's fun moments but was very sad 
Hmmmm is Bully worth the hours? Very put off by the poor build of this 
@ICU_Looking  Very sad 
I love being at home, eating B&amp;J and re-watching X-files. Very relaxing! Dreading to go back for Art exam on tuesday 
@hobosexual Pretty much. 
@simone_QoF Oh no! It's not the same without the dance  Very rock and roll of him to have a Center Parcs-inflicted hip injury!
@SianySianySiany Quite right... sadly, the world doesn't seem to want to work like that. 
@RichBassett Oh thanks Rich,....but her time is near. Very soon I am afraid. 
Mentally ticking off the books I need to buy. Quite a long list. 
Flight was nice but had some readjusting to do due to mostly new stuff.. Very hot over here.. 
Quite disappointed there was not storm last night 
Very sore today. Walking is tough... 
Very tired. Now I know how tiring it is to earn money 
@terry444 Very strange!! Can you download Skype through Planet3? I've done that on 6110 but it won't connect 
Currently on brand new MacBook Pro. Very nice. Except the ethernet port is all messed after the memory upgrade. Can I fix? Must exchange? 
Coming home from a great stay at Tennessee.  Very sad 
Very Bored Now 
Very sad  Microsoft money to be discontinue http://dhf0i.tk
Very sorry for all the Aussie ladies  Hope the guys will comment on this soon!
Saw 'The Wrestler' at the weekend. Very good film! Shame I only realised it had a 45 min documentary 5 mins before it had to be returned! 
Tired. Very tired. STILL haven't been able to speak to my Dad 
Very bored and hungry. Waiting to do Mulch and eat lunch. @Prettyodd89 Sorry to hear how much your day started sucking sweetie 
@Hotspur_1882 I'm afraid @thelane is still ignoring my sage advice - she's chatting online still!  Very naughty girl 
@handshakedrugs oy vey  I'll be home soon
coffee this morning was an awful, awful idea. Very ill-advised. Why didn't you guys stop me?! 
Listening to Das Nibelungenlied. Very sad story  But kind of sexy, taking bath in dragon blood. Must try it sometime.
@mlaccetti BURN! Also: Very true 
@caelynkk Quite flat shoes. with air cusioned soles, made for comfort, but my feet hate being in shoes (i usually wear comfy boots) 
@drlori71 Ira's was my cousin's business. Very sorry to see it go. The crap-ass economy was too brutal. 
Quite bored, waiting for my birthday in just over 2 hours. Although i should probs go to sleep cause i have a media exam tomorrow 
Sitting &amp; waiting at the vet to get Harley's shots. Just saw a family with a 15 year old dog they're having to put down today. Very sad 
- Won't someone PLEASE give me a job? Pretty please?! A physics degree has to count for something? 
@shreypuranik home is..... Very much not Portsmouth  but i've got a few interesting summer happenings which you'll hear about soon
@tinycaligal  :-D  Pretty much....I have to stick with my stupid loaner phone until I can access my mail!!! 
@utbrp Well, the help I need is in the picture itself. Not kidding when I say I have no pictures of me. Very few.   #stupidfemalevanity
Can u guys please get rid of your fake mitch Burke accounts? I really didn't mean to cause this much trouble ... Very regretful 
Migraine...dunno what I'm doing here...huge,major fight with the parents. Pretty awful. I screwed up...bad. 
Just had bad news. Someone I love dearly has a serious illness. He's a long way away, and I can't help much.  Very sad. #fb
I R Very Bored! Just had chicken soup and now I feel sick 
@FrCorySticha They book flights to overflowing these days.  Very frustrating!
Very sad right now.... Just found out my dog buddy died at my dads house! Ill always love an miss him 
Had an awesome night. Very long night.. Haha. Going to bed, have to get up early tomorrow   Big day ahead me me.
Been Sent Home From School Not Very Well  &lt;3 xx
@midgetmum Quite! I've run out of my nice lime marmalade tho 
It's 5 in the morning and I suddenly have the strongest craving for a burger and fries.  Pretty sure nothing will be open on the way home 
Very tempting, but I think I will pass.  Forever  #douchebag #happybirthdaytome
@piecesofalice Quite nice on my end too! I want more L.A. Ice 
@the_prodigy Pretty pissed the only festival you aint playing this year is the 1 im going to  any chance of another Brixton gig this year?
I'm sick  Tied. Very tired 
Very negative approach #L4L  http://bit.ly/ZKAJR Why is the glass always half empty for some people?  It must make life very long.. 
Survived Drivers Ed last night! I think I like weeknights better than weekends...even though it makes for a Very long day....  
I don't want to go back to work  Pretty comfortable here to be honest.
Bold's screen wasn't as tough as I had expected. Quite a bit of scratches here and there now. 
Very Hungover 
informed by coco that Becca and I won't be allowed into @refreshokc tonight because of an okcCoCo invoice we're disputing. Very sad. 
Very sad day. Found a baby deer dead in the yard. 
@PhillyD Yes Tim Horton's is a Toronto thing. Very sad ain't it 
AGH!!! Stats final exam was, well....whole lotta inappropriate words. Very frustrated going to email head of dept.!!! 
Very sad to be saying goodbye to Katharine's MINI 
Just watched Seven Pounds. Very good movie. Darn, ineedajob 
Just watched the new Flight of the Concords! Quite funny, but I have seen better from them 
@iguessthatscool Thankyou! Pretty scary though. The real world demands results 
Very bummed I won't be able to attend Embassy Ball tonight - have just taken migraine meds and will crash soon  #slapam #slait #sla2009
Gnight! Very tired! Should not have stayed up this late!  lol. Sweet dreams.
Going to romania. Pretty scared. 
@foebea Won't look good very large. 
@stereob0x Quite sure no, I'd notice it wag 
With that being said, I think I'm gonna go watch Natural Born Killers. Very romantic movie in my eyes. I miss my man again. 
Very tired tonight. My energy drink did nothing for me 
Boy I'm so tired. Very restless night and I don't feel rested at all  Let's try and sleep on the train!
Quite a semi-eventful day with @lexiloohoo and now: hours and hours of laundry to do. 
Very Stormy here. I don't like. This huge burst of thunder shook the whole house. 
Very annoyed with Nokia. My 5310 has been crap, but bearable from the beginning. Now the screen isn't working 
Otw to plaza indonesia. Very late for fitting. AAAAA! 
@vasudhapande Quite a few times already. You greatly over-estimate me. 
@Illendil Very kind to offer, Dave but I'm having my gallavanting curtailed. 
My sister, niece and newphew fly back to Singapore tonight. Very sad. 
haha My sister, niece and newphew fly back to Singapore tonight. Very sad.  http://tinyurl.com/lunqmg
haha My sister, niece and newphew fly back to Singapore tonight. Very sad.  http://tinyurl.com/my8h6k
My sister, niece and nephew fly back to Singapore tonight. Very sad. 
Going 2 work  Very Sleepy
Very decent night with the currency markets. Cable trended very nicely. Had a kidney stone the last two days so I didn't do much. 
&quot;Agg&quot; went short trip to the dust bin last night   not to be. Quite a miss on back of the aga in its little bowl with my black sock.
Jacket potatoes sold out at work  trying a panini instead.. Quite nice..
Current status: Neutral.  Pretty much accomplished what I needed to do today. Except for the French lessons that keep eluding me. 
Hurt my ankle yesterday  Quite a few stairs in this house.... -.-
Another rainy, chilly, gloomy day here!  Not the best weather for our outdoor VBS in the evenings!    Very depressing summer weather! 
Safely arrived in Jordan and now enjoying the many manic coffee shops and watching the chaos pass me by.  Very very hot though 
Giving myself a facial. Very necessary!!! My skin looks horrible!!!!  http://yfrog.com/0fzk0zj
@Kutski Quite pissed off i have to wait for the my upgrade to get the new handset though 
Urgh, trying to get the Sims to work and its not... Very upset now 
Quite frustrated. I want something to go well for once this week. Since the 13th it just hasn't been.  I want retail therapy.
Quite a cute guy sat by me still waiting for alex v bored hope he here soon will have to surrender table in a min to get another drink 
I am siiting still in AR waiting to head home......urgggh!! Very anxious to get on the road!! Things are not going well for us right now 
Knocked over my oil burner &amp; cracked it. Very sad. 
Very curious about tethering on iphone with the new OS 3.0. Now I just found out t-mobile is not supporting it (yet).  
@Mysteria_Ki Very nice. Had to practice for the graduation on Friday! It's gonna be sad seeing everyone go!  
is cleaning the house.  Very Boring..
@TUAW Quite the timing, I just got the -4 error trying to purchase a new app 
Very sad day for the Sanders clan...  Roberta's house is burning down. Lloyd moved the two-story house there himself 20+ years ago.
Very hard to watch Ghost Hunters and The Outersiders at the same time 
Very sad news. Cookie, my best and most devoted friend in Cambria ,had be put to sleep this afternoon .    She will be missed.
@pumpupositive No seems like to have weight loss I have to eat 3-4 pts under daily targets no APs and no WP! Very hard and discouraging 
Software update not available in your area ... fuck it !!!!! Quite disappointing 
@D_Nugent Yep all last week was heart-breaking on DAYS, this week doesn't get much better either  Very well acted though!
Sittin on a train platform waitin for a train. Quite possibly hav just failed another test 
I don't have anything to do on this site. Pretty Boring 
Very upset right now...like my stomach is sinking  tell me how I missed realizin' SANTIGOLD was coming to Houston?! I am speechless...sad
@blaqkmess this new app I'm using... I can't see the trending topics anymore  Quite depressing. they're always so much fun to read
@BlogWellDone Well tonight I burnt salmon while watching for a tornado. Very proud of that. 
@DT_Glasgow I'm a dog walker but not working this Very Important Week.  I always scoop, love my @muksak
Very early morning @ work! Booooo 
Ok so i lied..  im just now going to bed. Very tired
@PaoloAlino Pretty sure it's gonna fly by sooo quickly then back to school again. 
Also in WTF! Neighbour 2 doors up has died suddenly. Only 51 or 2, no yukky lifestyle habits. Complications after heart bypass. Very sad. 
Very sad about missing Wizard World Philly. All the cool people will be there! 
Do Gas engineers actually do anything? Very quiet in Croxstalls Road today..... 
Very sad . . . we are in the process of moving into our new house and yesterday our precious cat, Poppy, has gone missing. 
@whatwhywho Oh no, THAT is bad.  Why?!  Because they did or the venue?  Very sorry either way. 
Quite anoyed atm, can a girl not make her own decisions without everyone eating the head off her? 
@JackHowell I don't have that luxury with these. Pretty strict recoloring and adding a logo 
Very stop and go in Mississauga 
new computer will not be here till four  Very Depressing
Woke at 8:30, left at 8:45. School all day, gym, now award ceremony. Still not packed for DOE or Italy. Very stressful day! 
Very happy article I submitted to Southern Star about workshops printed in full  not in online version though   http://is.gd/15ukM
@cyclingdiva Me no likey about Boonen either. Very depressed  Hopefully they'll appeal.
@kendrum1 What color is your car? Mine was true red. Definitely my favorite car ever. Very sad that it is no longer with us. 
@bogvampwhoppit I miss Kent too. Very much 
@ddlovato Very pretty dresses! Please pray for my brother Michael. He's in a coma(for the past month) after a motorycle accident... 
@Danielson34 that would be fun but we live so far! Very very far ! 
Very Bored  
http://twitpic.com/7qxay - Very tired. Still at universal. Im soaked.  wanna go home.
So. Very. Cold.  
Mood: Very sick Feeling like a shit.   
Very annoyed with reality tv!.. Max was one of my favoritesss  are there even any male ballroom dancers left??
Finished drilling for the night &amp; time for bed. Pretty early for this night owl...under the weather...all this rain  is getting to me. 
Very very SICK! 
@ChristineRabel Hi Christine. How kind of you! I've missed you too. i have not been tweeting much lately  Very busy with our biz howru
Wedding shoes arrived. Ridiculously gorgeous. But too small 
would only see Pretty Wings to one girl in particular 
would sing &quot;Pretty Wings&quot; to only one girl in particular 
Moscow - pretty buildings everywhere! Pretty people also ... but prices are exorbitant (spend 30 bucks on breakfast ... 
@OcelotDelta Very nice article Ocelot!  That is why AT&amp;T is holding off till the end of summer to beef up on their network. 
Good morning. Anyone know why I get a security warning box evertime I do anything on twitter? Very irritating 
Just wanna go to sleep. For a very long time. Very.  oh, I'm so emo.
@ishra Compass is what I need  Then again, I'm wondering, why not get an Android? Did you try that one? I liked what I saw. Very much 
@katehughes Quite limited as I'm sat at my desk. I just tried to throw a bit of paper into my bin, the bin's by my foot. I missed 
@LoveALittleLess yup it`s started na.  umm, when I bought Pretty. Odd \/
Feeling tired and anxious today.  Upsets at home and youngest son not coping with life or his Mum! Very sad..... 
@boxOFjuice Wait till u feast ur pretty eyes on the other pics!!! Quite a few! I had a glimpse of thumbnails  Waiting....waiting.....
Fire is out, now waiting on the auto mechanic and car rental places to open.  GRRRR!... Very Disappointing 
Just spoke to mum on the phone. She had just come home from feeding the dolphins. Quite unfair. I want one 
Very upset to learn that the Georgia Theater is on fire... and pretty much completely gone.    
Very very very very very bored now I'm not with Issy!  xxx
Very disappointed  they had no nurses available today, so only people with appointments could give blood. Ah well. Booking for august!
Very good!  It's too easy to forget thsoe who stay mostly in the background. Sorry Darren 
Found my book on another website only to see that I got bad reviews. Very sad 
@LolaAM Very annoying. LOL. So I downloaded the upgrade &amp; like it, but I'm having an issue w/it refreshing. I have to edit &amp; re-open. 
at the library, researching something for SAN homework. Pretty understandable! 
Very emotional today, thinking about my kids growing up. Gabe turning 12 and toria going into jhs. 
Very shocked about Georgia Theatre burning down today 
Hello all. #fb Busy day ahead.. Our rain is not materializing. Very little last night and none today yet. The river is really low. 
Mama Lucia in Columbia, MD: decent lunch food but not great. Very slow service. 
@LockeDown815 That's sad  I hope they will find a safe place 2 hide out from the predators! Very cool shots, high res. &amp; gr8 vantage point
@belle_lulu Very sensible, my dear! xxx Soup and garlic bread, mmmh! We're OK, thanks. Heat wave replaced by British cold front 
Just awoke from a nap, drooling like a panda dreaming of bamboo. Very moist and unpleasant. Still tied as fuck  #sleepy
@ihorner Very nice! I had a little figurine once, Yotsuba, but Dan thought she belonged to him and well I have her no longer 
Very sad Katherine is leaving 
@Famous_Twit Very sweet. My heart goes out to the parents, tho. 
@anamariecox http://twitpic.com/7uek1 - Very nice! But gravity is totally going to win on this one, sorry   Oh gravity, thou art a hea ...
@cwknight Dude, that looks EXACTLY like my cat back home!  I miss him   Very cute kitty though!
@PatrickNoack Nice! Very nice! Love it! Sadly, it will be lost on anyone less than 32 years old. 
@howiecohen Very nice! 1st CFL recycling in the nation, I'm impressed! Want an OH Bartell's but must make do w/discount drug mart 
I take that back. I came home to several open drawers. I hate when people go through my shit. Highly irritated and sensitive right now. 
@nathanlv He's working all closing shifts. Pretty much from now into eternity it seems  I don't really see him much either.
@xavijam Hi now I know they go away after something like 10 days  . I don't know whether they might be archived somewhere. Very sorry.
@reshmaarrr PMS?  i am MS-ing. Pretty awesome feeling to have a volcano erupting in you, unleashing all its craziness madness anger etcetc
Moved town!! Very Boring, No Friends!! 
@JezzeBDesigns Didn't get the shoplifter. Saw the person, but not allowed to actually touch the person to stop them.  Very irritating.
@Nerdoh Going crap. Lots of letters saying thanks but no thanks. Very scary time. Too many people going for same jobs 
Me too! @overspender  Quite hangover &amp; on the top of it I'm at work &amp; it's sunny &amp; I wanted to sleep then go to the beach this afternoon 
Missed the VSK Winter Sale today  We both slept late &amp; I had to be at work so we didn't have enough time to make it to the sale. Very sad
ZzzzZZZZzzzzzzzz if i follow you!! Pretty please follow me 
Very unhappy with new crumpler brazillion. 2.5 hours trying to pack MBP, 2 bodies, 5 lenses, 1 flash &amp; a gpsr. Just can't make it work. 
@baracoma Malaki shirts mo e   Very time consuming 
Very frustrated, I am not feeling well at all.  Nose blocked, headache, tired, and tonsils are swollen   I have to get better!
@MarcWaller Very welcome...I used up all my DMs for twitter today 
At veets with my poorly pus, for the last time.   Very Sad 
That's it for kite flying. Quite unsuccessful  - http://tweet.sg
Just came home from CPACS Teambuilding. Very fun. But I have fever, cough and colds. Definitely not feeling well. I'm so scared. 
@CelinexCullen missing my daddy and mommy. specially daddy! coz its his bday. Pretty boring w/o them 
Very pissed off! Just got a speeding ticket for doing 35 mph in a 30 zone! I feel robbed 
Very sad that I cannot join in on all the Wizard World festivities 
Ummm recently reading &lt;We share the earth together&gt;.  Very nice book, but still hard to imagine myself not eating any meat. 
Very upset that I'm not getting to go out visiting with Caleb and them this morning. I'm stuck babysitting... 
on my Very Important to-do list today: hunt down a stuffed tiger for S. I will have to miss her opening performance as Shere Khan. 
Hello everybody ! i feel Very bad 
Very hot @ beach in SC. No seabreeze today.  
Very very sad to hear about stuff in Iran.  #iranelection
@YourFav_Redhead Hospice brought all kinds of great stuff. Very helpful. So glad to have them helping again. BUT... not WHY they are here 
@Glimmering_Star Haha who says that?! Anyway I saw a pic on the ning of someone named @EmbryC Very nice. I think he's taken though. 
@CassieFX but if it doubled every 48hrs like it's supposed to it'd be half million by 7wks. Pretty sure that'd be seriously wrong 
@_JOLIE_FILLE_ Very glad to hear I was   &lt;3
Very Bored 
Spent an hour cooking dinner, only to find I can no longer eat chicken... Very sad since it smells fantastic 
Very tired. long day of shopping, then diy. Found that light in the kitchen id trying to start a fire. Fed the grass. Tomorrow in work 
Danbury Mall was a bust. Very disappointing. 
@orbitaldiamonds Very pretty! Do you slip off of them when you're sleeping? I've never slept on silksheets 
@ColorblindFish Seriously, Akon did not show?  Why do people do that?  As a fan I HATED when an act did not show.  Very frustrating 
@britttnicole I know!!! Hahaha, and I was so mad. He was in dc the same time I was and I missed him  ughhh. Very sad. But he's adorable.
Last golf lesson earlier today. Had forgotten virtually everything from the for lessons before Europe. Very frustrating 
At Aladdin.. Very crowded today .. No fun 
Very tired. Not looking forward to homework tomorrow. Too much left to read. 
@thatkidrich wasn't open  Mediterranean, though! Quite good for late night!
Very confused by Mortgage rates and hoping my math is wrong... but I went to Purdue so it's probably not 
Ah, watched Christian the lion. Very touching indeed. I miss my dogs 
Juz start my twit. Quite boring at home... 
Went to the #dforum festival.Very interesting.Canon *CPS cleaned Equipment.No win in the sweepstake  still saving up for that #5DmarkII
Very disappointing... No Voice Control or video on Iphone 3g with 3.0 
@FlyingPhotog Very cool!  I'm gonna be sad when the last of our 737's is gone.  Down to about 25 of them now.
Very sleepy but still want to wake up and playing games in front of my laptie, What's should i do ?? Dilemma !! *hyperbole,heu .. 
Very sad today. Elba Romero passed away last night at her home from health complications.  She was such a faithful sister. 
@_physical Very true. That trick was not hot 
Very Sad.   Two D.C. Metro trains collide http://bit.ly/S3rUb (via: @cnn)
Very upsetting day today...... Found out my Boxer has cancer    I wish dogs could live as long as humans
@wide_receiver Very much so... that was my fave Guru track. And lyrics too true lately.. 
@awesomebrandi Editing pictures from my last wedding. Quite a few make it apparent that my camera I thought was fixed is actually not 
Very jealous of @VHmatt who is going to Chicago tonight. I miss my second home. 
@ardalis #TweetDeck spawns itself wherever it feels like on my computer. Never where I left it last. Very annoying 
@Real_DavidCook unfortunetly, it us always the chikdren who have to suffer.  Pretty sad. 
@kodefupanda heard that abt train. Heard emergency break was in place too. Very sad 
@caffeinesparks Very touchy. Let's see how it goes. Too many things to keep track of, too little time 
@WisamAbdulla haha I have the crazy 393 midterm that day in the evening. Pretty sure I am supposed to be sober 
Seeing the sun making it's way. Quite a impressing sight, but day's events won't be that idyllic, I am afraid 
Very excited for tomorrow's Shout Out!! Very bummed that I won't be around to promote it or talk it up.  But these guys ROCK! &amp; I &lt;3 them!
Please iphone, come to Verizon! Pretty please... 
Be careful of what u tweet. Becoz I tweet pimples earlier, Acne Cure now follows me.    Very uncool leh.
I just found out my 13 year old cousin has tried almost Every drug possible  Very Dissapointing! _i miss them like crazy;!!!
Very annoyed that there is nothing on any of the police CCTV cameras from Friday night. Requesting CCTV from shops and such. 
@thesummersnow Wow, I didn't know all that. Very uncool, but those things happen, it is the internet.  Maybe you can call Myspace?
Beautiful day. On train to London  Presenting project deliverable to customer. Very good concept demonstrator even if I do say it myself.
Goodmorning, had a death in the family. Very sad. TTYL....   
@PS3Attitude Quite literally, as i'm just about to look at it! 
Damn. How come Laguna wasn't suspended? So unfair.  Very War of the Worlds-like sky a while ago. Also, didn't watch transformers.   
I'm looking for a job, was made redundant at end of March.  There are hardly any part-time jobs suitable.  Very depressing. 
@Grellou Yes, I meant this drama. It's too much in the spotlight. And I also miss those three. Very, very much. 
@Real_DavidCook you were fabulous last night! Already posted your pics on my facebook. come back VERY soon!!! I missed Avalanche though. 
Very interesting article about the new light bulbs and Lupus.   http://bit.ly/XecZS  In other note, still feeling crabby.  
Is Very Bored 
Doesn't Know What To Do Today...Very Boredddd 
Very worried about Audrey. I don't think she is doing very well. 
Charlie lost an angel today   Very sad   http://twurl.nl/k5bw5m
Farah Fawcett &quot;golden-haired sex symbol of the late 1970s&quot; has died from cancer, aged 62 http://bit.ly/3zGsO Very sad 
How pissed am I that I'm missing most of Kevin Burkhardt's play-by-play for work?  Very 
Very disappointed that there are no tourist traps left in Lancaster 
My brother is sick too lol. Quite weird 
my very first twitter  awww
Watching Paranormal State.Pretty interesting 
@artistwells Ty Very much 
@Monhae Quite tearful today, but I laughed a lot also. To put it simply. 
@tonyhenson Very cool, Sean thinks so too 
@mamlamarquise Beautiful earrings! Very gentle 
@notsooglam Very true. I remember the old Degrassi back in the day too. I think adults young at heart can relate to a point as well. 
Healed Malygos 25-man tonight. Pretty intense fight! But we got him 
Listening to Very Jon &amp; Oscar Tg's mixes of Rise of the Robots. WOW 
@kimedia Lovely website. Very &quot;Web 2.0&quot;. 
@MarcoZehe Other than that it's simply one line for the title and then a large text editor for the article. Pretty intuitive. 
Quite funny  but kids, remember, the blocky effect may obfuscate visually, but can be easily reversed - http://ow.ly/2g28
@Carmillia Quite comfy actually.  &lt;3 the scrubs.
@fieldsofcake  Very cool! Second timrs the charm. Looking forward to results 
@BrentO Performance is horrid,but I can build/test/break clusters on it, and clone the VM's to real kit when it arrives.  Very handy 
@bram1028 http://twitpic.com/2yi5o - Quite disgusting. I bet it stinks, and I double-bet it's a health-code violation. 
@solangeknowles I love TONY!! Very clever music 
@iamdiddy dude can you please do some work with prince? Little red corvette is rockin the Bose right now. Very nice! 
@TZA_Unlimited Very cool! Tks for letting me know 
@jessie613  Thank you! Very helpful 
@aalexataylor oo ok. Very cool. Well maybe I'll see you next semester 
@shoestringing  Very  true.  My desk is a messy area...and I can be disorganized.  I do usually know where everything is though.  
@PhillyD Very Normal, wife even more 
@paulsteel Yes... the vocals are the fun bit!    You are really good at that too!!!  Very Brian-like!  
SIS - 12. In her own world. Badly afected n traumatized by past. (scary past). Loves cats n indian movies. Very active. Total cutey 
@therealcristalq http://twitpic.com/3jqh9 - Very PRETTY! I wonder if I should post mine hahah I am shy  (wink)
@johnjayvanes http://twitpic.com/3jt5l - that is a fluffy dog  Very Cute! Gary fits
@TheShowstopper1 Set of ceramic canisters handmade by a local artist, with Alaskan themes. Very cool! 
@SteveGarufi  It was neat to watch . I enjoyed good laugh there !! Wow liked  comment on cheerleader and Girl scout cookies! Very Funny 
@Kaplan Ordered your suggestion. Very tasty 
Just saw that vdeo for Plain White T's 1234 song or whatev. Very cute. 
@Jenreynolds25 Very insomniac, but B grade SciFi, Yesssss... 
I am at Amelias..Very tired, but ca cope ;) McFly tour sooon! 
@bradiewebbstack your very talented then!! 
@AngryBritain Very best of British luck; hope you're not kept waiting too long. Looking forward to happy news 
@coachcreative thanks Dan. Very kind of you 
I guess I'll just watch Jumper &amp; knock out. Pretty ok show tonight. notetofollowers: by &quot;ok&quot; I mean good 
@zaibatsu  Hey  good interview,enjoyed reading that  Very interesting.
@tommcfly Flyyyyyyyyy?! Or reply to me?  Any idea when this new album should be out? Very excited for the tour DVD too! 
@TweetDeck Fair enough, cool. Very good acting on user input, must say 
Writing a new song! Pretty excited about actually...feels like a good one 
have just found the real Hugh Jackman on Twitter. Very excited!  Yes, I am that childish... [6 days to go]
@iammarkcameron hey, just read your interview. Pretty cool - and honest, really enjoyed reading it. 
Beautiful sunny day &amp; 5h of golf! Very nice! 
@paigechaos Oooooh... Fairly played, m'darlin'... Fairly played.  How'd you sleep?
@ CounterSuicide It really is! Very sour and full of ginger-supposed to have a whole bunch of Vit C. Thanks so much for your concern 
@govchains Very true. And I'm known for the way I handle these situations with a positive outlook.  Thx for the comment and advice! S
@jamie_oliver Very nice weekend!! Sun was shining in Holland....so dinner &amp; drinks on the beach!  What about you and the family??
@mechstop  Very interesting..similar info to wat I heard from Andrew. Be nice to start game at conception. Engineering own spacecraft 
managed to get to the Touch Talk after all  Gad I made it -Very interesting. I't a shame they think that Twitter is not worth using tho.
Following @adamrichard not only for his wit - but his total fanboy Doctor Who background picture!  Very nice Adam 
Learning again, English and computers. Very interesting to know, I know, but you wanted to know that, ha? Did you? I know you did. 
@lutzland Very cool!!! Thanx a lot  #ec09 #educamp
@frfozybearftwin Hey, thanks, man. ;) I can definitely use the buzz to build up the final donation amount.  Very appreciated.
@openzine Very true about Artisian Jewelry and Artists ! 
Very Excited! The cutest little Chinese is staying with me this weekend!! 
Latest Very Busy People sighting: Utah! Thanks @LikaInoUhane for the report  call that station and tell them they need to play it again!
Had a really enjoyable day  learning about METHOD acting. Very interesting! 
@Wossy The Enemy was great! Very young, but great! I really liked them. Fun show yesterday 
@tobymoody As long as it's a good fight at the front, may the best man win! Very happy to have you guys back, FP1 was a joy to listen to. 
@freeek0804 Not bad. Quite like it. Catchy. 
@FengShuiTips4u Also, just took a look at ur blog. Very interesting! Grabbing cawfeee &amp; reading it now. 
Watching the new Fairly Odd Parents Wishology trilogy with my kiddos!! 
@tombed Tom, thanks for the #FollowFriday! Very nice company to be in. 
Is getting ready to have a cuddle with BFF new baby!! Very broody right now lol  
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/4ed3x - Gasp. Very hot 
@payunirbabae Very Beautiful  I hope you have a great day...our service day is tomorrow this weekend.
@StampfliTurci it is some sort of preserving oil for metal. Very dull. Perfect weather for strolling 
Does anyone else live an area resistent to change?  So, hard to get some people to join the &quot;Green&quot; movement   Very frustrating!
Hello I'm Tyler Durden and I like young boys. Very young boys!!  Yummy! #berkshire
taking to her very first friend at northwood!! yeahHHHH! 
@truthe05 Pretty okay.  How about you?
Studying and being happy. Pretty sure I am in love with my state! 
@ylove Quite honestly, there is no issue here.  Never was, since 3 days ago 
Very excited that Does It Offend You have finished their new album, cant wait to hear it 
@JeffSaysHello Well series one is super low budget - but the humour's top notch. Very British humour... hope you like it 
@ABonin Very cool!  Nicely done! 
is listening to Jellyfish with frozen feet. Very random. 
@AceyBongos Very good! There's a good Fallout 3 joke in there and your section's great considering it took all of 10 minutes to do 
@KyranBracken http://twitpic.com/4h4ve - Quite right - thanks Kyran 
@stephenfry Very sorry for you. As Newcastle supporter, I can sympathise 
Bought some new LPs today.  Very happy about my purchase, but also very expensive. Bio Lab - Way to go! Thanks for screwing me over!
@Cassiekins Heyyyyy!  Pretty good. You?
@Boudro Computational Knowledge is not Singularity Yet   Very Very Happy to meet you.
Oh my goodness! Pretty much one of my top ten days this year!  &lt;3
@speccygeekgrrl Very true. My mom's been trying to quit, but she bought a pack today. *gives you those* 
@cenicholson Its supposed to be beautiful there. Pretty flowers have lots of pollen. Better stay where you're at. 
Just finished watching &quot;White on Rice&quot;. Very funny. If you get a chance, go see it!  
@monsterrrrr my very first follower  About 2yrs?
@kirbyjean So beautiful. Very Robert Frost. 
@MichaelHyatt wow, goin to Ethiopia? Biz? Holiday? Some other mission? Very keen to go there 
If anyone has a dreamwidth spare invite code lying around, could you please spare me one? Pretty please? 
I've just about made it all the way round the park jogging. Quite pleased for my 6th outing 
@TessMorris i'm not worried -it's a great job!! Quite a nice way to spend the day 
Played with FontStruct http://is.gd/ejE uploaded to dafont, 16k downloads &amp; top of its category http://is.gd/wyyp Very wtf moment for me 
Man on Wire every bit as amazing as the publicity and reviews suggest. Very, very strongly recommended (even for vertigo sufferers  )
Very tired! Dinner good, then churro's were good! 
@gregjames will you be posting a pic of you H suit?? Pretty please? 
@venkateshkumar Very true. I'll write them seeing IPL 
@josh909 thanks...do you guys have a showroom as well? Wanted to chk them out in the flesh. Quite cool lamps and the wife is impressed 
Very good morning! Coffee and a taylor swift cd starts it off 
Zen-related stuff: &quot;Go with the flow.&quot; Very easy to accomplish - it started to rain, so the rain will flush me away 
watching live feed of Killer 5 set. Pretty neat 
Going to jog down to uni. Quite a way from my family home but exercise and all that 
@sorcha69 Thank you. Very kind of you to say that! 
@EverywhereTrip Lovely profile + website! Very neat... love the &quot;where is gary&quot; ticker! 
@RachelleKOMO Very cute!  Don't miss out on puppy school.  Now's the time.
@TheRealKeeks Not Pretty But one hell of a show  non the less 
Very very interesting night in Defiance to say the least... but hey, I got 'Guys and Dolls' for free! 
Just watched another episode of JONAS. Is it better than Hannah Montana? Very much true! 
@Joannah11 I've had @hempware for a while now, just in case. And yeah, I start work there again tomorrow. Very excited 
Very tired from a day of awesomeness and cake    Now time for a bit of sleep.
@valerie2776 Quite a few. Peacocks and Oceanographer's Choice are my new favorites to play 
Painting is hard work. Very tired. But satisfying to see God's house getting prettier.  And I like the yellow of Tim's room.
@VSchlesinger Hey, look who's on twitter   Very kewl
@NoopDoggNatasha Fanbase is a code word for something very special to Anoop. Very personal..and special. 
@vobes WE Quite Like Worthing its a relaxing place with nice coffee shops and fresh air.. and not too many Oiks 
finally leavin tha studio.Made some really really good music! Very pleased wit tha turnout  !
@Courageous_one Very much so.  Setting some goals for the next couple of months in preparation 
Very succesful Cancertown Launch yesterday 
I emailed boss yesterday to see how a demo of the system I implemented went.  Pretty well, he also said well done - very rare  *smug*
Well that's the quotes done  Very impressed by how my medieval english as improved 
@GregCipes Very very Cute sweety  gotta &lt;3 dogs u know hehe.. and some pretty awesome sneekers ur nephew got there hehehe ;)
@Passing_Strange Nicely done! Very appropriate. 
Happy Mother's day everyone! Well at least to all of you that are mothers  Yay, MAC today!Very exciting&lt;3
@mjsmith11 Very true. Their tiredness worries me, I guess. I hope they get their rest today. Keeping optimistic is key, eight?  #Capitals
watching a show called &quot;Angels &amp; Demons Decoded.&quot; Very interesting.  Comparing the book/movie with history. 
Just got done watching a Very Corny Movie! 
@DonnieWahlberg Very Sexy lol 
I off on a day out with Chris to the lakes as a treat for revising so hard! Very excited and can't wait to take lots of pictures 
@LBugnion  Got TweetDeck now! Very cool and works on my mac! 
Aha! Found the first real bug in our MessengerTab PrimeTime xml generating script. Small bug. Very very small bug 
@fatherbananas My friend was squeeing about him in All The Small Things, and the only reason I knew who he was was your and your posts. 
I just LOVE getting tweets from outer space!  Very cool Mike  
@roryboy Very important!  I personally like using the DND button on my phone 
@BernajeanPorter But our Supt won't let us bring laptops to admin meetings anymore  (Talking about when time moves VERY slowly...) 
I'm home now, took an hour at least to get home. Quite tired at the moment. How you guys doing? 
@StuckInLaLaLand Very Cool! 
I have officially finished my first year of law school.  Quite an accomplishment, but it also feels odd to have a year done so quickly!
@onebreath That link? Pretty much awesome. 
@ed_bErry How's West Virginia? Very nice distinguished pic uve got there 
Going to the naval dockyard for our getting-to-know-you party for HMS Pinafore. Touring a frigate and having tea and cake. Very nautical. 
@isntit Thanks for that. Will check that link when next on the puter.  glad you liked ours. Very simple to do using Wordpress.
its all wet outside... boooo... I'll sit in and read my booklet about swine flu. Very funny Matt.. just because I have a cold... 
@royblumenthal Very cool animation  I find the ANCYL more worrying than funny though. The future for SA looks bleak.
@NHBS Thank you! @jonbergan got them from the same place we got our wedding cupcakes! Same flavours! Very cool surprise. 
@larainefan That's a great picture of you and Holly...Very cute. 
@getnoticed Very Jealous of you sir, hope you enjoy your crawl 
@Bldg98 I checked your site.  Very nice! This is my site... www.heathfox.com Tell me what you think. 
We played Basketball yesterday  Very funny 
@hothusband_01 u welcome! r beautiful photos that u have made!  Very nice! too want to go to the concert of the LP this year! :
@InnerWizard Very true... I've been to the brink of that insanity... Never going back 
@dubber Very Happy is a great title the book. 
Just been to see Coraline in 3D. Very good fun. You can always trust a cat 
@_sweetjane Thank you for voting!  Very nice to meet another Tampa wine lover! 
Week-end was wonderful. Very relaxed 
@RACINGgirls Very cool. Looking forward to it. 
@breagrant Woah!! Very nice pic!! ;) 
@CyberWasteland It was. Pretty shitty school besides the lulz, though. 
@MayLouis Very well thank you Amy! How are you and how's that shoulder? 
@StephGauthier Synths/Schmynths... workflow is king.  I have to admit - I really like the built-in synths added with Cubase 4. Very unusal
@amrosario Great video! Very helpful!! More please!!  BTW you sound nothing like your twitter pic suggests! LOL
@Disturbia79 Thanks, Steve! Very sweet, and I'll take them. 
Very tired now it's time to relax. Such a busy week and even more busy as the weeks go by! Thank you to all my fans, love you all! xoxo 
@smithdavid787 Very. It went from pumpkins to md wrestling. 
My first magazine production day in 20+ years! Pretty similar to day-before-presentation agency days. With no client servicing! Yay! 
just back from a fabulous trip to Victoria. The cruise travel was awesome. Made a friend on my way back. Quite an eventful day #vancouver 
@blissmanu I started at 15:50 and reached the finish line around 2:08 later. Quite proud of myself I must say! 
@freddietastic Hey look at you with all the different profile pictures. Very Cute! 
Very very bored. Praying for new car tomorrow. The joy of having speakers! And power windows! And air con! And non shitness. Ahhhhh 
Very pleased with response, going fast  get Your FREE guide now http://creatingahealthierwealthierfuture.com/yourguide.html
@LJsBaby Very tight knit family.  Bet you wish you'd asked him out now!? 
I wanna thank my friends for their greetings. I have seen my yearbook again. Pretty cool. 
Interview day today. Quite excited actually. 
@NikkiandNate Hi! Very funny the @chriscornell 's replay to your message    &quot;BRAVO!&quot;   I'm working now...and you?
Wow, finally had success teaching our koi fish to eat directly from my hand! Quite an experience i must say 
Just searched for my hometown Shepton Mallet on #WolframAlpha it came up with a nice map and data. Very clever search engine 
@robluketic Pretty please? *bats big green eyes*  
@gfalcone601 Lol at Mickey Mouse (: Very well, he's doing very well 
Quite happy today for some reason, despite HUGE workload next few weeks. Perhaps *because* of huge workload? I'm twisted like that  #fb
@JonRMason come on Jono you know I can't read! I imagine it's not mate but still a good film! Very masonesch! 
@karamat ANother west sider appreciates that you clean up after your dog.  (Pretty sure I saw you walking with your husband &amp; dog this am)
@smallseal I saw a police thriller called Beck. Very good swedish movie 
@shanonlee Very good morning Shanon, hope all's well with you 
@jessewatson1 Very cute pic......GM....   
@se_collins Ah right, well with bit.ly you can track the number of people that click on the link, where they are from etc Quite useful 
@snappity We were out walking, yes.  And yes, we picked up after her.   Pretty gross when people don't.
@thethirdrat Very welcome! Enjoying yr blips. 
Very much off the grid last few days &amp; this coming week. Having an amazing time w/ @jdwcornell &amp; his fam. Off to Lancaster, PA outlets! 
3 reviews now. My newest one from fuckin France! All my reviews have been very positive about my music. Very cool, I feel great 
@ZacharyQuinto Very well done. Next - Spock's voice on the video game? 
Morning all. Very tired this morning, week caught up on me  Knitting, spinning &amp; writing today
Glad to see that inFamous has been getting good reviews.  Very tempted to buy it now.
I'm officially addicted to twitter as i feel the need to tweet every thought i have. Quite sad really 
@GoingForBroke Very true. However, the chap is wearing a t-shirt and it's not raining so I'm thinking not Peckham 
my very first #followfriday @justinjap @dudboi @razlan79 @Roguestampede @iammyy 
@highsteph Just saw the video of you free soloing the Diamond. It's a great video. Very inspiring 
@Garms nice meeting you too.   I thought they were good.  Very personable. How was yours?
http://tinyurl.com/prvs7z (Whack-A-Kitty) Very funny XD tho it's a little bit bad to the kitties  http://plurk.com/p/vfupx
@iteachmd2 You R Very brave! Just stay calm and keep everyone occupied You'll make it through!!! I'll pray 4 ya! LOL 
Very happy London engagement shoot clients. Hooray! If you didn't check it out yesterday have a look  http://is.gd/Ck8r
Very few people will ever know the feeling of euphoria a mom experiences when her 8 year old says &quot;Mommy&quot; for the 1st time!  
@gtvone Very nice video with a FANTASTIC OST! 
@bigWAVEdude @bigWAVEdude @bigWAVEdude OHhh t is bubbles then!!  Very nice!   (Still no glasses, still not at home) ;)  How are u today
Saw Valkyrie on Blu-ray last nite. Very cool, but you'd think they could get the officer's uniforms to fit better.  Actually, I loved it!
http://twitpic.com/5ot60 - My vodka skittles! Very fun to make 
@bobgorila I've seen that demo. It hurt my brain!! D: Quite pretty though. 
@Shade360 Very nice 
@JeriWB Quite welcome! 
@dbhata @kristin61378 the day is almost over.  Pretty soon we will looking / hanging w/ the handsome boys 
@Mitch_M Fairly quiet weekend planned. 1 party, 1 breakfast, and maybe cleanup my house 
for my very short #followfriday, some new tweeps that I have found very interesting  @SDArtJournal @dwellephant @ranchovalencia
@ConnieBrockway #sqr Very, very cool. Does she lose her fortune on the turn of a card? Is she like the Duchess of Devonshire, a gambler? 
@sarahjohnstone Very amusing...I see your little joke  I will txt later then. Cool, I also want upgraded iPhone though this one is good!
WeHo was madness -- wish i had a camera. Very fun, saw some celebs, made new friends! BONUS! 
@C_DIG Very busy night.  And that's without other international news.  I still blame the moon. 
Interview went fantastically. Pretty sure i've got the job. find out for certain tomorrow 
@alydenisof  I hear ya there. Quite the blow to the stomach today. But I am happy to see that people aren't giving up. That gives hope. 
I'm addicted to music.  Pretty much 
@BeachMomOf2 Very welcome! Happy to do it! 
@DecoBelle Very Unique Collection you have there!  Are these your very own creations or do you sell for the artist?  They really are cute 
@Jason_Pollock Very cool dophin picture. 
Robin starts to develop a way of &quot;speech&quot;. Very funny 
Doing my psych sac prep since. Quite happy with myself 
@BrechtDW Very nice  How is living in Dubai? Your twitpic account has some amazing photos on it!
Whew!  Very long day - still work in the &quot;to do&quot; pile, but I've got to get home before my hubby forgets what I look like!  #fb
@sinspired Very funny. although it is now 2:50pm on Friday  Tick tick tick 
Last day of Q2. Pretty good run 
@OliviaWilder Very sweet of you...Thanks for the #FF 
@NBATVMelanie Hi NBATVMelanie,Very funny.....   your profile pic,, keep it up 
@Cdub0512 What a good movie! Pretty good boomba scenes. Haha, jk... But forreal, watch it! I got it for 5$ at walmart. 
@dumilewis awwwww. Very nice. Sistah Majora Carter needs an honorary degree, too! 
@lokeuei Very nice UI indeed 
Headache is gone but don't want to sew right now so I am working on vectors for my official site coming soon. Very cute may I add 
I love &quot;Thinks...&quot; cos it mixes literature and cognitive science. Quite thought provoking. 
@PerezHilton Very cool for you!  How exciting!  I am sitting here eating more Jays BBQ chips!  So not fair! 
@darrenhayes Very nice of you to write songs for someone else there Darren, you are a start 
Jazz with Busulis rocks!  Very funny guy! The concert in AveSol was awesome!
@TiaEmo yep. Pretty much. 
@Jayman888 glad she had great time. Very slowly growing, but getting there. Going 2 have a busy day 2day, having our floors layer 2day! 
@air_baltic Well, it's a Twinterview.... 5 Qns over 5 tweets. Very, very simple and quick  Would you pls follow me so that I can DM u Qns?
Very Tropical sound  ? http://blip.fm/~78u43
@ElizabethanM Not his ass, thankfully...  I'll share a photo in the morning. Very surprising day indeed.
@MiBL Woooo it was great! Very good music. And I you got a great deal for that CD 
@heartlook HI!  Very welcome!! 
