Most common words for this cluster:
[('voice', 458), ('haha', 15), ('lol', 12), ('day', 7), ('yay', 7), ('com', 7), ('sick', 7), ('singing', 6), ('sucks', 6), ('p', 6), ('http', 6), ('amp', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'voice', 0.9773796200752258), (u'voices', 0.7261369228363037), (u'Streisand_fretted', 0.6272960305213928), (u'noticeably_hoarse', 0.5955551266670227), (u'thin_reedy', 0.5879553556442261), (u'Elaine_Purkey', 0.5835809707641602), (u'raspy_whisper', 0.5768649578094482), (u'sounded_tinny', 0.5679567456245422), (u'quavered', 0.5653657913208008), (u'genial_manner', 0.5626349449157715)]





laying in bed with no voice.. 
ohhh  not very well. and i've lost my voice     
Oh and forgot to mention. I have no voice. 
I woke up with a scratchy voice...I blame it on the loud cougars at the tavern 
going to support @aopitilidie! Also, my voice is worse than ever 
being bored as usual&amp;&amp;lost my voice 
missing my baby already.  miss his voice, miss our chats, miss everything about him. talk to me already please... 
my voice is almost gone 
still recovering from tonsilitis havent got my voice back yet 
I've lost my voice! 
My voice is shot 
@HeatherShea long time. How you been? i've lost my voice 
doesn't feel good and has no voice 
I need a voice. 
can't speak and has no voice. 
back in the yucky city  pretty sure my voice is angry with me. Yet, I'm rejoicing.
Hoping the antibiotics will do its magic overnight. I miss my voice. 
@hiimyasmin aww still no voice? 
Ah!!! I'm losing my voice 
sore throat turned into no voice 
I'm sleepy  and my voice is hoarse
K. I partied to hard I'm assuming!! I have NO voice!! 
my voice completely recovered yay! not husky / sexy anymore though 
my voice completely recovered yay! not sexy / husky anymore though 
Researching google voice, its not available yet 
has no voice! 
i have completely lost my voice!! 
@woahthisissteph i miss you, and i hope you get your voice back! 
i lost my voice! 
I lost my voice 
I'm losing my voice 
i want to quit smoking cigarettes. they took away my singing voice and i want it back 
is sick and has lost her voice 
wheeey mcfly was AMAAZING,both times  actually so fun,my voice is gone now though 
I can slowly but surely feel my voice going.. 
@Incisive1 lol oco .. give me a chance .. recovering from the gig lol!  Probably do it tomorrow or weds .. Voice kinda going 
@ReVonRay if I had the plug to that voice recorder I would  . Ill see if I can figure it out. We were humming gibberish lol
has no voice whatsoever 
ahhh lost my voice    stupiid cold !! x
i can't speak! my voice is almost gonzo. which sucks bc i wanted to do a voice/video post 
has lost his voice 
Sometimes I just want to do nothing, literally.  but this voice in my head won't let me!
Losing my voice 
I'm pissssed that I'm losing my voice again!!! I just fixed it! 
I think I am starting to loose my voice. 
oh my god! ive just answered the phone and realised ive lost my voice! knew my throat hurt but not that my voice had gone 
@anig3r lost my voice 
ugh, my skype just froze, i dont hear the pretty voices anymore. 
strained my voice singing  i need voice lessons. oh well at least i got this track recorded 
Man my voice is like going 
has lost my voice 
i have no voice 
@pault107 i cant hear the voices due to laughs and so I dont understand the prologue 
@millelovespeace missing our voice lessons together  hun i miss you
has lost her voice 
@jazzBANGER hehe i just recored me and natalie going over the play, grr i sopund like a spastic i need a new voice  .lol
I've lost my voice   I guess some people will be happy about that !
Today is my fav. student's senior affirmation and I don't have voice enough to tell her how wonderful she is 
has no voice at all 
is feeling sorry for herself  has lost her voice...not like i use it much anyway...but still... it's nice to have one
bad cough. i lost my voice 
staceys party was amazing. i lost my voice 
losing my voice 
aww no the man who is the voice of mickey mouse died  ( i know im probbably last to know) its so sad 
I think i have lost my voice 
has lost her voice and feels rough 
mickey mouse voice is dead....aw. but minnie mouse voice is alive! aww..bye mickey 
I lost my voice! I sound like a man 
My voice is still coming and going. I find small children respond so well to pantomime. 
@KimberlyDoll so good tonight! lost my voice! 
I want my google voice to port my Canadian number over already 
voice of mickey mouse died ...and his wife does minnie's voice awwwwe 
I've lost my voice completely. 
@iambelinda haha yay I lost my voice haha lost by 2 points 
@coren42 The voice acting is really bad too  I was looking forward to this one.
I cannot believe I have laryngitis again! I had my voice back for a couple of days and then *poof* it's gone again. I miss my voice 
my bro got 80% lol yay!and ive lost my voice 
I'm sick  my voice sounds retarded and my nose is reder than  rudulfs.
i lost my voice . what should i do ? it's very torture 
i miss justin timberlake's voice. i want him to make new album again 
i want to go to music tonight but i lost my voice. 
just wants to hear his voice 
missing his voice 
wants to hear his voice 
I lost my voice 
i want my voice back 
@queen31a I lost my voice too 
@dougiemcfly it's a feather that passes so fast! I wanted to have gone in the two concerts  it's was amazing yesterday! I love your voice
@kskinder how's his voice he was worried preshow bc he is sickkie. 
sang karaoke for a while and i thought i lost my voice...i didn't 
lost my voice, rubbishhhh 
I think I lost my voice 
@ajuonline  especially on the phone when her voice sounds just like her mum's 
My sister is here. I love it. But I'm still ill, oh that's ryhmes. HAHA my voice is away I just can talk with my both hands. HAHA -.- 
My sister is here. I love it. But I'm still ill, oh that's ryhmes. HAHA my voice is away I just can talk with my hands. HAHA -.- 
Is in the hairdressers. I'm loosing my voice 
@wendywoowho Thanks. Never had it like this - no voice at all. 
This sucks. I have no voice. 
@BbInDaLoop  i need followers  help me {fabo voice}
@aleelyons his voice makes me want to die. i swear when i hear his songs i have to hold back my puke.not exaggerating i dont know why. 
has lost her voice that much she can't speak.....poorly times 
I'm supposed to be on a &quot;voice&quot; rest. I can't do it.  I wish I could because at the end of the day, my voice is only a whisper. 
i want my voice back! i feel like the little mermaid 
I lost my voice 
my brother said I would never hear his voice again,I danced and then 30 seconds later he yelled at me. 
@NaNaTheBEaST I need to hear ur gorgeous voice!! 
@hideawayxx i know, i was completely devastated too  kris is really talented but come on, just look at adam - his voice is just phenomenal
i think im losing my voice 
My voice is gone!!! ... all I have now is a peice of paper and a pen 
I hate it when I lose my voice, and can't sing along to songs the way I want too! 
It's not good to lose your voice 9 hours before leading worship. 
really misses her voice 
My voice cracked when I was singing  stupid hoe
lost my voice 
hungover and i have very little voice left 
@lanivishnu i recieved a voice message about a child i apparently am not taking care of 
@JonathanRKnight I am still ill and now i have lost my voice - damn will i ever get better !! 
finally i heard your voice 
im loosing my voice. 
i lost my voice.. 
@Audreyyg i miss your voice .. 
Voice still sucking 
i lost my voice  idk where it went
I have no voice 
i'm missing your voice 
hoping I can get my voice back before work tomorrow...being a camp counselor without a voice is difficult...and painful 
@dzse i haven't heard that song yet  but i'm in love with his voice too  could u send a link about that song? *.*
@gruder I thought I was too but it's gotten worse.  I traded my voice for not being able to breathe.
o_o I just now spoke out loud. I am losing my voice 
I was crying while making these videos; sorry for shaking and halting voice  #tiller #p2
@grimmers ooh noooo! i love hearing your voice! 
@PrinceReliable I hate her voice, tbh 
argh, will my voice ever recover? 
I found my voice..but no one was listening 
my voice is gone  i can no longer sing
Also, my voice is hoarse from talking on ventrilo so fuckin much lately. 
I miss the sound of his voice and how he makes me laugh 
lost her voice again 
Losing my voice  http://myloc.me/2gEs
Going to school not really happy only 2weeks left we can do it dont feel good I lost my voice  so I cant really talk
''mr. donolan's voice really wakes me up in the morning...''  
my throat is still hurting a lot! but my voice is here again BUT! sometimes when im speaking it goes away .. 
@TheRealJordin omggggg voice come back! 
I have lost my voice and now i can't sing!!!! 
says just calm down, hon. you sounds like you don't wanna hear my voice..  http://plurk.com/p/xq4b2
@lesliestaysup  but I like my voice
...wishing i could hear your voice... 
@JErroch Aw mate cheers but im losing my voice and having a mental breakdown 
desperate for your voice 
@suvanaa ha no I didnt answer, I'm losing my voice again..  But I cant even text back.. no credit !!
wants her voice back!! 
is missing my bebe's voice.  http://plurk.com/p/xwz8s
@lisabarone leave out a voice recorder &amp; have dragon natural search transcribe it? (i forgot about @mattcutts' you and a though  )
oh why won't you tweet me?  ...you have a lovely singing voice! X
@fossiloflife umm.. Voice4mail needs a mouthpiece to record. I don't have one remember? 
Oh and i have a spanish speaking test. With no voice. 
Morning all! Voice nearly gone thanks to cold in 27 degree weather 
@Totalbiscuit monkey island has updated graphics and they've completely re-recorded all the audio and voice W3D looks like a direct port 
i need my voice back! its been three miserably QUIET days 
still missing voice 
I've lost my voice owwwww 
wakingup, bad night, my troat is sore and i've lost my voice 
Pretty much lost my voice. 
i knew qld had it in them, but poor jarryd! he looked so sad, lost my voice for him 
is desperatly looking for his voice recorder!!! 
@YoungPlatinum  No I'm not   maybe your reading it with the wrong expression... read with a smile and happy to be here voice.. im not mean
i sang way 2 much 2day. i think i lost my singing voice 
is quickly losing her voice 
@natters1210 I'd come up, but I've pretty much lost my voice by now 
lost my  voice  we must only talk through visible words now :/
super sick. voice is pretty much gone. 
lost my voice and got headache 
@fddlgrl I know I have a lot to offer and contribute, and I am confident in that, so why can't my voice be heard? 
Suffering from sore throat and lost my voice.......  .......
i am loosing my voice 
I am soooo sick... I can't even talk, my voice is gone... And all I want to do is sleep all day. 
gone to get ready  i dont want to go..for the rest of the day this will be my voice to say what i want to say since i dont have a voice 
I have no voice!!! WTF???? I miss hearing myself talk about nothing 
@emily0418 sounds awful!  i think i'm getting a cold too, my voice sounded funny earlier :/
I once again lost my voice this really sucks 
@DavidArchie you know what i like the way you sing the national anthem. your voice is awesome! i wish have that voice to.. 
lost my voice 
lost my voice 
My voice is so tired from singing..i'm gonna kill my voice tomorrow 
Pretty much lost my voice.  
i feeel like i got sunburnttt  ++ i'm losing my voice.. that'll be a first o.O
is tired! And losing my voice 
demi lovato has a gorgeous voice. i wish i had pipes like her. 
Losing my voice 
@regator my voice is still shot from last week...kind of ruined 'summer of 69' 
I want to hear ur voice @DavidArchie,, but I can't do it now 
has a sore voice 
Ahhh my voice.. U really don't know what u have until its gone  somebody say a prayer for my vocal cords
just got home.. and i lost my voice 
my bestie lauqhed at my morninq voice  lol .
is losing her voice... 
loseing my voice,, sick 
@SunnyCryAlice was great but im not doing so well now, im losing my voice  haha
I've lost my voice (N) 
sick, and lost my voice 
bleah I got a bad cough and I'm losing my voice a bit 
I still have a rough voice after swallowing a pack of strepsils! 
still sick, i blame @lpena25 for my voice being gone 
I've now all but lost my voice (can only talk with a hoarse whisper)  
I bet i wont have a voice tomor  damn cold
2nd weekend in a row that i have lost my voice 
my family keeps laughing at me for having a voice like a frog 
Losing my voice 
I lost my voice...can't talk 
i lost my voice from screaming soo much 
Losing my voice. 
@princepsfemina we don't.  i am waiting til i get to hear his voice again...
Moving amd being sick sucks! Voice still not totally back. 
I have a horrid cold and have lost my voice 
I lost my voice from yelling over the music 
Now its going to be two days without hearing my shnu's voice 
@kelz017 I wish I had a deep voice. I have a monotone, boring and... not deep voice... 
My chest voice range SUCKS!!! 
losing my voice  
This sucks. I have a cough and I'm losing my voice 
i lost my voice!!!!!! 
@moerukun Yay boobs! But since i sweated my balls off i can no longer sing in a rich baritone voice 
I don't like the way i'm feeling right now... dizzy and i'm losing my voice 
my voice hurts from too much singing... damn that song and those stupid notes! but i have to get it right! 
Working hard on my animation but i need voice actors 
lost her voice! It suckys! 
hates his voice played back on camera 
Playing SingStar for over 4 hours really hurts your voice 
and to top it all off i lost my voice. 
getting my voice back. yay. slowly getting better to go back to work. 
i'm losing my voice. 
Needs to learn lyrics for gig this sat. -has a cold so voice will sound like shit. horrible horrible horrible. 
@kitindamimba Unfortunately, I don't have a high voice, and can't shout that far 
yay! my voice is getting better, i can now talk woo! hopefully by tomorrow i'll be able to sing again, i miss it soo much  lol
is a bit bummed that the #N97 don't have visual voice mail 
Still no voice - 10 weeks and counting... 
@ thaimaeup i wish your phone worked! I really need to hear your voice 
tired, loosing my voice 
I love waking up to Folgers. Too bad my voice was deeper than his. 
I've lost my voice! 
I'm losing my voice.... 
You can totally tell that the movie voice changed 
Voice mail is now gone 
p.s. joe, you need a break.  voice isnt so good lately..
off to the doctors soon, sick with something &amp; lsot my voice 
I've lost my voice ! 
no more voice  my siblings are loving this! haha
I can't remember their voices 
rawr i have like no voice 
i have a hoarse voice..i can't sing!!! 
I think i'm losing my voice 
going to fail english  i have no voice!
trying not to lose more of my voice 
I got another interview and I've lost my voice. 
Is sick of having no voice!!! 
I just woke up with a sore throat and little to no voice. Awesomeeee. 
Still got no voice ! 
@paulineypies email my personal I miss your voice and face 
@SydAdler i hear your beautiful voice, i should be stompin around smashed with you in the mpdistrict blowin dieseL!!!! garrrrrrrrr 
Amazing day but I has no voice 
yeup officially a twitterer ;) i miss charlenes voice 
Fring also doesn't allow voice calls over 3G  http://yfrog.com/5fq4kj
@HippieKrissy it now went to voice mail with out it ringing! 
as supporter :p preparing my voice but my voice is not too good nowadays huhu, cant shout looudlyy 
@mackiecb no more losing voices everyday 
is home voiceless.  
She has such a great voice. So sad she's thrown it all away. 
has no voice    i really hate being sick
@ShoesforGeorgia so did mine  but technically she can't cause she lost her voice :/
@brettnet be better if they hadnt jibbed us out of the voice commands though 
@alexisamore but no video or voice activation  i guess we'll be getting the 3G S 
@jacquelinalexis  a voice that gets hung up on 
i lost my voice! 
what a weird and busy day. and i sound like a frog    my old voice has returned.
@fantasycreative yeah, lessons cost fucking crazy amounts and i deff dont have the proper training just yet  Voice may be nice though ;)
lost my voice. right before my sweet sixteen..greatt 
I hope my frog voice goes back to normal soon. 
has lost her voice, 
Changed it!! Its a mans voice and less muffled! 
Now a womens voice :s but it has been changed it :s 
omg, i love raise your voice =D but it is very sad 
is losing my voice  http://plurk.com/p/127m2t
@mrdopeflow I got it! How did it go last night? I lost my voice completely nw 
@soco1187 I am extremely jealous. 3.0 is nice but I want the video and voice activated controls. 
I want my mommy. I want my blankie. I want my voice back... 
My voice is leaving 
i wonder when i have completely stopped smoking will i get my singing voice back or is it gone forever? 
I'm sick  not just the usual sick but I completely lost my voice. it suxx.
...and as fate would have it, I'm having major voice issue  but the show must go on!
@ediFanoB I just don't think I can live with the voice  50 is quite an investment.
I hate my throat! It's hurting  and i have a funny voice, even tho it's funny it is hurting!
Isn't going to be able to do the voice recital...  
I lost my voice.... 
@bondad I haven't gotten google voice yet! 
I have officially lost my voice today 
@LeO21x I have no voice 
The way i still miss your voice makes me wanna fucking choke and die 
Losing my voice 
@_shasha_ I got no voice 
i may just kill jade. she coughed on me.i cant talk cause my throat is sore and i dont even know where i left my voice but its long gone 
has just choked! on a quaver! 
ahhh, call me already. i miss your voice 
why did amy lee have to leave evanescence   i hope she goes solo at least her voice is too amazing not to ..
I lost my voice again. 
concert sucked. Voice dead. I killed summertime 
@ddlovato My voice isn't doing so well either, but fortunately i don't even have to use it..unlike youuuu  lol, i'll pray..!
lost my voice almost 
@ddlovato i hope you get your voice back 
@ddlovato aw demi i'm so sorry about your voice  i'm sure you'll still sound beautiful though, you always do. just rest up until then &lt;3
so i have my voice back but it makes people want to scream and run 
My voice  I can't even talk and I'm feeling so bad.... I really hate to be sick !
has lost her voice 
I lost my voice. 
@taylorswift13 Awww! @DDlovato is on voice rest right now, too 
lost my voice 
My voice sucks...I can't sing 
my voice is dry adn crackly 
@ddlovato aw deeemmi; i hope your voice comes back 
@ddlovato I'm sorry about your voice 
I keep trying to leave yvonne a voice messege but i keep messing it up 
Coughing hurts my voice. 
lost my voice 
@gracechareas im almost done just gotta do voice over  its not hard
lying in bed  sick and loosing my voice from the afterball 
Looking for my voice, I can't find it 
I haven't got voice.. I belive that I've got anginas. 
omg, i think i scared off my family with my voice singing fly with me - johoes 
@MusicIsHealthy leave out he's not allowed to jump anymore  I absolutely adore his voice, he's such a sweet guy, who's been through...
I feel so bad for @ddlovato  It must suck losing your voice right befor eyou kick off your tour!
My voice is bothering me..i think im losing it 
Allergies... Lost my voice... 
I think I lost my voice! 
great my voice is gone 
my voice is annoyingly high pitched 
@ddlovato i hope your voice comes back soon! 
@ddlovato I'm sorry about your voice  I hope it will come back soon !
@ddlovato I need my voice right now..and i lost it too  tomorrow i have a really important casting..and i have to sing.. what can i do? 
@ddlovato  I hope you get your voice back soon!! I remember when I was sick like right before my play and i was worried i'd lose my voice.
@ddlovato It is necessary of the rest and not to speak. I lost my voice once I know what that makes 
@ddlovato just don't cry!  you'll figure something out! and i know that your voice comes back pretty soon because every1 is praying 4 you!
@ddlovato so sorry about your voice  just know that your fans, like me, support you no matter what! we know that you give it your all...
@ddlovato I've lost my voice too 
@ddlovato Pshhh,girl! I'd feel like crying if I had a big show to do and I couldn't sing either. I'm sorry  I hope your voice comes back!
@ddlovato Pshhhh,girl! I'd feel like crying if I had a big show to do and I couldn't sing either. I'm sorry  I hope your voice comes back!
I'm losing my voice...it hurts! 
i want my voice back  i'm gonna cry...
@ddlovato I understand you so much...I'm losing my voice too and I have to work my singing 
sore throat! I want my voice back! 
@naynayboo116 i would but i lost my voice 
his voice is fucked 
Aw, she didn't make it to hollywood cause her voice cracked 
@Fimlys when @veronica's voice cracked, i knew that was the end. 
@ddlovato ah demi, i'm so sad  i'll pray for your voice come back *-*
@JesseMcCartney He overpowers your voice too much! 
I'm slowly losing my voice through profuse coughing... 
@OfficialJoseph hey joe, i love you please message me, i love your voice too and nick lol ilusm i wish u guys were going to NewBrunswick 
Heres a final Heeeyooooooooooooooooh for the voice behind the comedy for so many years! 
i miss the of your voice 
i miss the sound of your voice 
The concert was amazing. But i lost my voice 
Hearing ur voice makes me miss u even more, tanggung jawab! 
i'm losing my voice  off to get my hair did.
oh no, i think i lost my voice 
I'm super sick  losing my voice and can't stop sneezing!
I'm already missing that voice 
i can't talk, i lost my voice 
without voice, can't even talk.. or sing 
I have no voice 
I'm losing my voice after a crying night 
finally has her full voice back! That was not fun 
 although some may say its a good thing! i've now lost my voice!!! 
When I was little I got teased about my skin tone and high pitched voice  What were you teased about? this is so random
I think I will soon lose my voice from lack of use 
arghhhhhh...wanna my voice to be back 
will i ever get my voice back? 
huuuuungggoooovvver with no voice not fun! 
my voice is fucked up today, aahhh - this ain't funny  I can't sing....
had to skip my voice lesson today, because i'm still ill  my voice isn't existent! lol I'm bored!!
lost my voice!! 
@TuesdayBlues i miss ur adorable-ness and ur voice  paramoreeeeee
My voice is fucked lately,i cant even sing emily anymore  wtf.
@DTPHULP  lol, me too....    You do know that the sound of your voice is great ?  We only need to do some euh fine-tuning... 
@thebleachworks What kind of new toys?  very anxious to hear your beautiful voice on the new song!its ridiculous how amazing your voice is
@mattimago He did actually hav a very cool voice. &amp; i liked the brain in the jar 
@BessRogers your voice is amazing amazing amazing  i wish you would come to canada with allie and ian !
Going to bed with michael bible's beautiful voice in my ears. Luuurve him 
miley cyrus, amzing voice. end of story. 
@Dannymcfly I just want to tell you:Never let it come true!  lol love your voice!please keep creating great songs!
@JustHarmless Are you the voice of reason ever? 
@pseud0random haha it was meant as a compliment... I love your voice!! 
@PhoenixRhythm I'm not tired at all... A little sunburnt, a little sore, wish I had a voice... but not tired.  besides it was so worth it!
@jennettemccurdy Your voice is really nice!!! I like it  and nice vid 
@jennettemccurdy I love your new video - you have an incredible voice  !!!
and officially lost my voice.. taraaa... welcome sexy! This is icha sexy speaking 
@mileycyrus be careful miley, you dont want to ruin that beautiful voice of yours! 
I hate when people try to tell me what my voice is capable of... its my voice let me do with it what I want thank u 
@djnvs break it up in 2 and send it to me to air.  w the drops, just no nvs sweeps with another station voice.
My girl's voice is sooo cute right now 
what a wonderful voice he has. 
in the words of dierks bentley... It's strainge to hear your voice, did not expect you to call... 
watched that japanese film with my dear old classmates.     still losing voice and sore throat.
@Mrsdaughtry  nice voice ...... writes  too  http://tinyurl.com/chkqa2
watching raise your voice &amp; baking. 
@meygantot i shall save my voice for supernatural screaming. 
except stephen has that distinct singing voice as heard in the unwinding cable car acoustic.  hehee.
@LittleFletcher i just added you at myspace and i think your voice is really beautiful! like you 
woke up to derek sheppards voice! 
@LittleFletcher awww your voice is amazing  xx
@GrumH permission granted.  as long as you say it in an @realjamesmay voice 
@JennaIsWriting  Voice of experience. It's a bit of a pain wearing two sets of hose, but might be worth it.
@JacobLovie Haha it's not awful at all, but I think everyone hates the sound of their voice when they hear it played back, I know I do!! 
is  happy  cause  my  voice  is  back  &lt;3
@davedays i heard one of your songs, and you have an amazing voice  i was stunned
@metaphoricxeyes You sure have a good voice, better than mine; you should definitely put up a new video. I bet you got better since then! 
@eloots1987 Haha I really enjoyed the terrible voice-over and the combination of the three-three camera rule which they forgot to add 
I would appreciate prayers for my voice.  It's weak, but not dead yet!
@allriseup My voice does that to people.  Is that your favorite song?
@amandacao i really like that song! leighton meester has such a pretty voice 
my voice is back 
now that was a great voice call!!!! 
#whyitweet I like to hear the sound of my own voice. 
@VickyCheng that's my best attempt at a teacher voice 
@jinjiruks how's your voice?  mababa ba at bedroom-voice-sounding?  
stickam.com/sowrongitscourt  my voice is retarted so I'm not talking haha.
@tones well, you wouldn't know, as you didn't come 
haha i had 30voice message. i just barely checked them all. haha andees was my fav 
has had the most awesome day.  I got to voice act for an anime. 
@shaunmichaelb ...that she has written herself  n yea I agree demi's voice is amazing..I love it and I love her songs..they're not very..
ahhh herclues should drown out the voice of my mother 
 i could cry at how nice dannys voice sounds on radio one (L)
@dannymcfly your voice gives me goosebumps everytime.  just wow. you guys should do an acoustic tour  xxxx
@mere_says She has a beautiful voice. 
@daisyhatestwitt of course were no stragers to love. and i heart when you sing to me. almost as good as when i heard your voice on skype 
@KostynRacing You like my voice. 
@rezasalleh nice song! loveeeee your voice 
some basic track is done, now making texts and will add some deep woman voice 
@JuliaLivesey I had to take a listen... your poem is cool and i like your voice 
@janna_047 The song is so good, and it fits his voice very well. 
@Smiles57 Oh wow, lucky you!!  I love his voice too. 
http://twitpic.com/5olfe - I love his voice!!! 
#followfriday - some tweeps who've chatted this week:  @marks_voice @dookaz @WestonsuperMum @Dozeymagz @jeremyvinebbc @PoisonIvy86 
MyTinyPhone has a twittering voice now 
@World_Voice not much going on today in my head... been a long week..  i'm ready for a longer weekend
@whatsernamex hahahhaha  mmm, i love british voices 
@JimmyWayne Haha! love your snoopy voice 
@ddlovato demi  I love your voice, really! I want to hear your new cd soon, you rock 
@therealsavannah love your voice!  you sing very well 
@nadianeo He's a cutie, not a bad voice either 
