Most common words for this cluster:
[('wait', 857), ('cant', 160), ('ta', 63), ('till', 57), ('oh', 57), ('lol', 55), ('u', 39), ('na', 29), ('tomorrow', 28), ('til', 25), ('days', 20), ('haha', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'wait', 0.8680786490440369), (u'ash_cloud_dissipates', 0.6911976337432861), (u'wait_til', 0.6832574009895325), (u'direction_Ditcharo', 0.6808351278305054), (u'Wait', 0.6781931519508362), (u'cotton_pickin_minute', 0.6735759377479553), (u'Cant_wait', 0.6659980416297913), (u'RUSH_Wait', 0.6429483890533447), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.6417481303215027), (u'Edson_Roddy', 0.6364343166351318)]





Wait should I eat?? Or be skinny for vegas!! I'm hungry! 
@paul_e_wog Wait...is it a game or just episodes? I'm so confused. 
got to go study  i hate the junior cert cant wait till the 12 of june it will all be over then wwoooo
@wilsondan What, wait 'til it's online?! Aw man 
stressing about exam, cant wait till its over. chemistry shouldnt be legal 
@nathanryder  at least wait until 01/05 then it can count to your page count if need be... I'm sure it's not as bad as you think tho.
leaving mexico in a few hours     it was an amazing trip cant wait to come back!!!
wait no, I didn't waste four years...it was more of putting my all into someone who doesn't give a fuck.. 
@amadan24 The big toe is doing just fine... jeans are in the trash...   Wait, an excuse to go shopping today!  
@hellodara oh wait it just told me the page doesnt exist 
just woke up ... tryin to get motivated very hard rigth now .... gettin readi to do the hair n eat cant wait ...  school tomorow .....
@songbookbaby exactly, guez we gon hav 2 wait n c if ole girl can prove her authenticity... i doubt it though 
i neeeeeeeeeddd more sleeep, i cant wait until summer so my lazy ass can sleep in 
mondays are so boring cant wait to see my angel 
I cant wait until i can drive. 
@steebert too late now, bwah ha ha!  Wait, that's too bad 
wondering y i hvn't won the lotto yet...oh wait...nd 2 buy 2 win. 
@PennySA i am gettig there  i mentally walk myself through the waterfront sometimes! how sad, cant wait to go back, dunno when though...
@thegarnercircle aw too bad so sad  yes cant wait to hang again xoxo and safe travels
would love to go outside but stuck doing homework  cant wait for tomorrow night!
leaving vegas  cant wait to come back
@nesquicus idk yet  i gotta wait till 10 or 11pm till my mum arrives in london,cuz she didnt call when she was on transit earlier  ugh!
wow i woke up mad early!! now idk what to do  well i cant wait to go to bamboozle!!!
@Jonasbrothers JONAS doesnt premiere in canada yet  I guess that's what youtube is for ! lovee you guys! cant wait for this summer !
@420thoughts 11.20!  just got up!  the sun was out 20 mins ago and now its gone!   wait!  its not 4:20 by u is it!?!?!?!?!?!?
So hungover and miserable cant wait to get home . Trying not to cry 
oh and i cant wait for friday  hope i get there in time to atleast get nearish the front.  we'll bound to be near the back though 
@BrookeAdamsTBG5 congrats on the win. cant wait to see you this summer ! miss you so much 
aw cant wait to see @JessSSW on tuesday, ive missed her so much  &lt;3
successful show. cant wait for next sunday. but i will probably be all alone. 
@mileycyrus we also love you miley, cant wait to see you in brazil 
wait why when i reply to some1 does it show up as my new status? i dont like that.  i think fb is better.
ughhhhh i hate not having my phoneee  cant wait until my new one comes in...and i hope karma comes to the one who stole it!
@donniewahlberg wanted 2 b there but had 2 come 2 oklahomas 4 a funeral  rock out bb cant wait 2 see pics
wow, #caprica is amazing; stylish, serious sci-fi; gutted about the wait to release as a series now 
@shaundiviney shaun! you never reply 2 me  &amp; i know ur busy but please reply! love you &amp; cant wait to c u again for my 5th time. xx
i feel sorry for my housemates all revising  about to start some work of my own. boooooring. cant wait for the 12th may 
baby i cant wait till ur here 
no more hotel internet  gotta wait til i get home tomorrow til i get on again ahaha.
i'm so tired.. i think it's my bed time. oh wait, i still have a 1000 things to do 
@mrsdana i cant wait to see it!.... its only 9:15 here 
feels guilty for making his mama wait all night for him...  http://plurk.com/p/svacs
is either gna have 2 go 2 the hospital today or wait for the doctors 2moro.....       
@madilovesmerder we gotta wait like till september for the next seaon..  do u watch pp?
@Sharissepoblete Wait, what? I dont like green tea fraps 
really wants to sing &quot;Just You Wait&quot; for the talent show but can't find a karaoke track. 
@LockJessMonster I do!! I do!!! oh wait, I have to be in san diego that day 
@missmocha91 *BIGBIGBIGHUG* I shall give you one in person tmrw!  Missed you today. Wait is world history morning or afternoon?
omg! lost is soo good! cant wait for next season..too bad its the last 
is talking to cuzzy on the phone. You know that thing before facebook, myspace &amp; this thing. Wait she's off now 
@Zosaphine just found I don't have enough space on my pendrive atm so I think I'll have 2 wait until I get back from holiday to reload it 
still storming..i dont wanna wait fot the bus in this  emii(:
@tommcfly went to get ur dvd and didnt get it cuz it didnt cum it so unhappy now  ive it ordered online now so happy lol cnt wait #mcfly
@MacKash @shelitwits I liked the whole ep. You will appreciate it more in the S6 premiere. The frustration is that it's such a long wait. 
@felly417 lol yeah i couldnt wait... does that not count 
In the midst of choosing between cramming and, uh, oh wait that's my only choice. 
@callmerizza awwww..just when i am leaving!  wait...haha...i can text you. no worries there! lol...
@blasael glad u liked it, i'm guessing new season would be sept or oct but no definite word yet from what i've seen. its a looong wait 
@ddlovato i cant wait till you come to argentinaaa. i hope i can go to the concert 
awake now!!!! i am ill  .......... got girls aloud 2night cant wait hope i feel betta 4 it xxxx
Weirdly happy for rain. writing briefs &amp; shooting schedules all day plus a large dose of motion graphics later. Wait, now it's sunny 
@shmandyvanduyne i missed you too  cant wait to see you  just in south america at the moment.
is dreading filling the pool  But the sooner I fill, the sooner we open!! http://plurk.com/p/ud6wc
@CELEBriittany lol damn we out 2 eat n its one extra chair  cnt wait 4 u 2 b here .!
@marrt88 yes I was, nd still is, but i think i gotta wait next year.... so sad  lol
@BHBADDEST wait wait wait!!! what about my part hoe!?  my sis kidnapped my computer from me
holla!!! omg i cant wait! sad part is having lady in red for those 5 days 
is at schooooooooooooooooooooooooooool feeling a bit betteeerrr  wait till tonight though 
sigh..i cant wait to be with my babe  hes the only person who can make me feel 110% better.
@_Jaydub babe..  i cant wait ! .. cutie!
@tarts oh wait no, i meant the one on iheartgaming. But they're all pc anyway, so generally unhelpful for me 
damn got dentist today at 2:45. cant wait for that one. gettin a filling. its gonna hurt i no  i needs hugs
@angelynewolfe thats coz i ate it all...no wait i didn't, there was nothing but a dodgy looking sausage 
is goin away til fri!  ...wait yeah  is right!
so freekin bored  not long till my partyy - cant wait (L) badly need a holiday  !
@kay_photography And i passed the test! Wait, i'm on twitter now, u telling me, made me want to see , damn your ruse aarghhhh! I fail 
bout to go to school..cant wait to pick up my dog later on today!!!.... but i have to go to work 
History final today, cant wait for it to be over with 
want my mcfly dvd! its gunna be ages away  lol its well worth the wait
In hospital waiting room. Wait time as per usual is ridiculous  should have bought some sandwiches and my book......&gt;
thank goodness a finally got the mcfly dvd i havent had a chance to wotch it yet  cant wait to get home later xx
In queue at paul smith warehouse sale. 100 deep should've got here earlier as it looks like a long wait 
@shaundiviney ohhh. not numba one anymore  lol. wait awhile emily and i  get u back on and the rest of ss
@justinmoorhouse no unfortunately not got a ticket  bet you cant wait x
@serayepa ME ME ME oh wait... damnit i cant 
@raerae30 even though i'm late... hopefully we will have hbo by then, if not i gotta wait 
missing my hubba  cant wait for him to come home!
@Yonnieboo22 yea bad game  wait til the next one ; )
hour and half more...I cant wait I cant wait 
Waiting in line at the animal kingdom for mt everest ride. 60 min wait and no more fast pass  #fb
@mike_chavez waking up early is for old people  wait a minute, I have to get up early too. 
@mellomatic  oh wait I mean 
@tyeshawnspears I couldn't hang  ima hour ahead of u lol ... okay ima wait for the perfection of the shashawn
@DarnellWright lol omg you are too funny! I wouldn't follow diddy.... Wait I follow diddy let's play another game.  lol
@JHSty  thx... i cant wait to hear who it is... 
@lucianaar I at least wish I could go to the tour but I cant cause its when I'm gonna be at camp  but I cant wait for next weeks webchat!
almost got arrested  all good but well   i cant wait to go to montreal
In the clinic waiting to meet me ! 
at work trying soooo hard not to fall asleep.... cant wait 4 9am to come around 
@makeupbymario oh u thought it was already on there, sorry lol. i cant wait to read it im stuck in a rutt 
@ddlovato i can`t wait to hear your new album. i`m sure will be amazing.please just replay to me  i love you so much!!!!
going crazy, the pain is unbearable..&amp; i gotta wait till thursday!? 
always tired, always cold and always have a headache.  cant wait for vacashun..and the frickin g1 update..i want onscreen keyboard dammit!
@TheSims3 well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna realized at once! I guess it's worth the wait! 
well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna released at once! I guess it's worth the wait! 
@TheSims3 well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna released at once! I guess it's worth the wait! 
i want my WOOSOO like now plz  i gant wait, knowing she's so close is driveing me NUTTS
just found out i wont know my uni results for this year until 17th july at the earliest!!!! hate the wait 
wait a sec. there are only 8 more days left of hotdogging?  ....i did not sign up for this...
@furrytigerkitty http://twitpic.com/66r0u - uh wait...i thought this was the 29th...tonight 
ooh my icecream's gone  oh no wait i got another 2 boxes on the freezor! yumm
Outside for just about 1 hour, the sun was bloody hot - no tan  Wait for monday then will spend around 2 hours outside ;)
@PoynterPerve i know, and we gotta wait until earl 2010, i think or very late 2009! its just wrong 
A delay until midnight  bloody thomson!!!!
@burrrbank ah wait! we can only go if you can get us to and from cos my mom's tires are nonlong distance till she can buy some new ones. 
is feeling rather lonely and broke...oh wait...I am lonely and broke.  
...wait, I lied. 
@SodaKan sorry to hear about the wait list 
@cheerleaderlexy she interviewed us on books. I was gonna say something, but she was all &quot;Wait, I have something to say!&quot; 
hi from chile!!! It's 9 deg C  winter's coming....cant wait for cali sun.
passed my drivers test! i can drive!...oh wait, i don't turn 16 till october 
@toywatch I didnt win  but I will continue to try keep giving away those fabulous watches cant wait to win1
it's friday! oh wait i work tommorrow 
@jojo_jtv woo parteh!!! but wait you didnt send me an invite 
There is a mole living in our lawn! I wanna wait until he pops his little head up and then hug him, but apparently we have to poison him 
now that my hair is short, i want it longer   oh well..hurry up and wait..
getn ready 2 go 2 bed  i gotta get up @ 7:30 n work 10 hours 2mrw....yucky. cnt wait till that day is over! [DrEaMeR&lt;3]
@ddlovato demiiii! i cant wait to see you in london june 15... i still havent met you...  how are you?
i cant wait to see conan! and my R button sticks so i have to hit it harder now otherwise i spell ous and not ours..... 
cali in a couple weeks..i hate life ..cant wait to get away 
@astyles101 hey I'm loving it man ... no cable yet tho .. gotta wait until next week   ..... how r u?
im here just using now once again my laptop bored  with noothing to do except just wait and see what'll happen later on
Waiting and waiting. why does the wait have to be outside? so~ cold 
@minceyfresh whoa! wait...which hotel is this?  
@g3mini521 its too soon...ill wait awhile. if i play it now ill just be sad cause you're not here 
@Shirusan he isnt?  wouldve been LEGEN-wait for it-DARY.
Still at work only 2hours and 30mins left and counting.... lol cant wait to leave I miss my baby 
i cant wait to go home and clean my apartment 
@RobPattinson_ i cantt wait untill the other movie comes out even though according to the book you wont come out that much 
@soumyageorge no no no .. wait for me .. i'm yet to see it ..  ditcher .. 
@KimKardashian idk! but cant i wait for conan o brien to come back! lol wish i was going to the beach buuut, its rainy! 
@KnowledgeBone gotta wait til fall 2 get my school on 
but all is well now nevertheless im watching britans got talent...oh wait not anymore mum changed the channel  oh wait she put it back on!
wait, now i feel kinda bad for her. 
@twilkcom lol i missed the photo op when they all split up  i should have run out there and had them all stop and wait
So wait is jonas not on tonight? 
http://twitpic.com/6al0e - as much as i cant wait to leave....I am going to miss middle school!  i made that at the begining of eigth ...
@SincariaZephyer whoa wait, who? *concerned* 
i cant wait until im 18... but its so far away 
Making a late run to the store for beer and cheese.  ...wait, when did 9pm become late? 
english is death. cant wait for tomorrow to be over 
@reneeb0ts I am so cant wait to go,  but i have nowhere to stay   Anderz is not there anymore.
school tomoz  cant wait until year 10 that sounds kool
i cant wait till monday 
waits for @sebby_peek to text  i miss himmmmm 
wait..okay..it kind of hurts.. 
praying that jared's good ole monitor will work for a decade! cant wait to have my own PC back 
back with no tattoo, studio was fully booked cos i got dere late gotta wait2 weeks now!  ah well gd things come2 those who wait
i cant wait 2 start practice! theres this girl and i want her so bad. 
@LuisaLovato why ur not online -.- that makes me sad  cant wait to chat
was worth the wait! definitely! and that is not just the strawberry daiquiries talking... god i'm so hungover  
@DatAtlantaChick i cant find my camera..might have left i back home..  so i gotta wait till i find it 2 upload them..
grrrrrr why did i leave the longest most boring subject till last ... oh wait, it's coz it's the longest most boring subject 
gotta wait till tomorrow to see the new moon trailer 
studying  cant wait for the awards tonight 
@degrumpysmurf have to pull another labs post? i'm getting 404's  - wow no wait figured it out. you really screwed the earl up badly!!!
my sis got in the mail the complete series of charmed we hav not watchd it in yrs! so sad i rememba wen pru died  cant wait to wach it
@iGinuh dont wait then 
Shopping over  now for the awards &lt;3 cant wait soooo exitedddd = L.O.V.E &lt;3
@fleurdeliser Wait - this actually happens? 
@tinksterbelle aye... oh wait... i'm not famous enough for that yet 
i guess things just gotta change. too bad it's for the worse.  2 more days until sims 3 comes out!! i just gotta wait for my copy now lol
@mszjoycii ill be watching it later! cant wait  though i cant record it 
Today was better than yesterday but i still need my laughing bud ....guess i gotta wait till 2morrow 
@ wrk cant wait to go home 
a stall at the stables on base is mine if i wanted... ugh too soon.  gonna have to tell them to go to the next person on the wait list 
@SarahElly yea  I do. I hate this. bt I'm keeping updated thru here, bt cnt wait 2 watch it nywy
Wow! Wats this about the fight eminen had? =O i cant wait to see the show to morrow xD poor eminen tho  haha.
@emmsyish I think your new avatar was worth the wait. It seems to capture the essence of your present indisposition 
@droplr Wait, i forgot if i signed up 
wait !! i heard susan boyle didn't make it to the top  but that's ok, she's really so amazing 
@fiercemichi looka me...oh wait u cant lol...i have no face 
on the road agian...i just cant wait to get on the road again..not really 
I swear I could run faster than this train has been going... oh wait it just stopped completely 
I don't recognize the girl at the mirror. Wait, it's me. And, i don't recognize me 
oooh so cant wait for it, woulda been nice to see soem italy scenes buuuut their still filming there  bring on november
I want to write so badly!!! Where is my life going? Wait I dont have one 
@OK43  ALREADY?? wow.. oh wait I missed the first 30 
new moon trailer looks amazing... 6 months  cant wait
morning! may is over  which means i have to turn my callendar, bye bye danny  **sobbs** ...oh wait! june isnt so bad, hellooo dougie!
I'm not sick, I'm not sick...wait, I am  
having serious goosebumps on wait for you  
whistle while I work.       Wait.  I can't whistle.     
i am as pink as the top im wearing  going to go wait for jess then go watch football.
@DevyLM sure if you wanna wait that long to see me  http://myloc.me/2i8E
@tommcfly Wait.. pool? ughhh so, i'm freezing and you are swimming? not fair 
Already off work and drinking a beer! Wait no I'm not 
i want to be back in california  no, wait. i want my family to be here. yeah, sounds right.. &lt;/3
@MrsBillKaulitz your going to the beach... wait til we're finished!!!!! 
twitter's the ultimate &quot;Wait. are you talking to me?&quot; syndrome if you're not used to it yet..ignore me city 
english project  cant wait til school is over 15 more days!!!!!
@Snoookey yea but we gotta wait till u turn 21 boo 
i cheated i just had to watch the new moon trailer  couldnt wait could you ?(hell no)
I want lemonade- wait no better! I want pomegrante green tea! Unfortunately i have neither. 
@SabrinaL oh wait u're invisible again 
@stephaniepratt your welcome! cant wait to see the last episode of the hills, except i live in hk, so have to wait 
naawww angelo  I feel sorry for him. gahh! gotta wait 7 days till I see him 
I really need to buy a zune dock station.  i can't sleep, nor can i wait for this weekend.
Is up and ready 2 leave..........wait she gotta have breakfast!  :-S
@surfnmusicexpo all the dog needs to do is bite. kitty is gonnahs. haha. wait dats sad 
it's taking too long. i cant wait any longer 
@OfficialBF1943 http://twitpic.com/6flg6 - looks great cant wait any longer its killing me 
liked english......... dreading mahs 
No, wait, I lied. I gotta change into my uniform first 
losers! oh wait shouldnt that make me the loser? hmmmmm sore brain now 
im packing for another camp, i cant wait, we have to move campsites (but we're not doing abseiling!) 
The wait for the bus is forever and a half 
I wish I could wear eye makeup.   This time I'm gonna wait 2wks before I try again. And b2m all my paint pots 
@mhh I hear it was awesome. I gotta wait for it to show up on hulu 
Just gettig up...... and then going to school  cant wait for it to be over
@jordanknight I'm sick today   wanna call in for me?..Wait I'm already here!  uugh!
@cmaecy u didnt wait up for me last night  haha jk
@jubean true  But wait till she becomes his second mommy ;)
Amazing its.. its.. its.. ohh wait, no, it's just Motionplus again 
@mallory7893 feell bedder sweeetie  jwillsss wait whose birthday, is she pretty? ryanferreira yeah i know and im so mad at you. 
@likegallows i actually cant wait thats why you cant wait a whole year to go back i wont allow it i cant possibly wait until next summer 
@ImaPacifist lol thanks babe - you don't need to do anything you don't want; my energy is low so gotta wait out the clock 
faaaaaakin braaat. so now I've gotta wait 2 days. 
@lalalakeshia  idk what else is open late..well wait theres sonic till 12 and applebees till 11 ;)
tired. need sleep  But instead drinkin mamosas at a coffee shop. cant wait to get into bed
@coriluvnthedon  great i gotta wait until the evening again to watch it! damn it! 
no wait. I cant he loves green jello 
@mszjoycii yeah only 1 cinema is playing only 2 screenings of it n no more  cant wait to c it! 
need to get up &amp; go to work  cant wait till tonight.  x
@phunybuny Night! &lt;3 So happy for ya! And wait, 15 peeps at the show? awww 
keeps procastinating about studying  cant wait till its done and over with!
@laurenw95 hurry up  xxx
@IcarusWingz hmm well that didnt appear to be very successful, ill wait till maintenance is over then have to reinstall 
wait, it's for a PC?   damn.
weres the sun gone!  oh well oasis tomorrow, i cant wait!
@BrowncoatJay Wait really? 
dreading the at least 1 month wait til i ride again 
zootm: cannot survive without CRLF support  - wait...
1st break  finally D: cant wait for dani to pick me up
maricris just told me all about her trip and now i'm a gazillion times more excited to go!!! ohhh the wait  49 days exactly..
:'( They didn't have the sims 3 yet... so lame... gotta wait now 
@a_knightsdamsel cant wait to hear about it....it goes way too fast 
TGIF!!!! oh wait its not 
@MeganJoan i have been at home doing shit all for a month cause i have been sick  not good! cant wait for sat.!!! LOL
@OfficialJoseph cant wait to hear Much better officially but it kind of makes me uncomfortable because it sounds so personal to you... 
yay ! only one more test to do then summer ! But its on the 23rd so i have a good wee wait 
wait. it was our meals. 
@jonnyhunt Wait, what's wrong with that? I do that still.  #pen&amp;inkoldskooldesign
Awww cc tickets are sold out  gotta wait till this fall
is freezing my behi.. wait just my toes.. its cold and almost frozen 
@purplefangs i bet i cant watch it  have work anyway sooo early oh shit wait i dont know if i start at 9 or half past
@liamgallagher What happend at the gig liam  mum and dad are coming to see yous on the 17th they cant wait !!
Haha... Wait you could have lukemia 
Night a-- Wait a minute! I forgot to get my bedding out of the dryer! Ah sh*t I can't be bothered to do it now  All nighter 
@halogoggles boo. $300 meet and greet is closed. should have realized the option earlier. maybe next time... oh, wait.... 
soooo tired. yaya for saturday, wait i have to work  boo
missing watching him play.. gotta wait till next season! 
*sigh* gotta wait over 8 months for more of this...  http://yfrog.com/46inigj
Sleeeping.. oh, no, wait... waking up for work.. 
you can keep your change, cuz i got a dime! oh wait. nvm 
Going to have a long wait in sta travel 
yep, the toast was nice, must wait for the tea to cool a little 
Oh wait. @UltraDowney isn't here 
weather is crap  but fuck it, cant wait for tonight!
I need to wait to get a memory card til I can play the sims 3  Wait, I never mentioned that I don't even have the sims 3 yet!!
outside, getting some coffee now. i wanna go home and lie on the sunnnn! but i gotta wait til luch time 
stuck in stupid school on a saturday until 330!  ....cant wait till the regents is over!!!!!
headning back down to norwich tomorrow,   cant wait, but 8 and a half hours travel 
@joesgirl I did, but I guess they do not work weekends. So gotta wait for a reply. 
Still rough from last night  cant wait to start drinkin again.
soo bored work tomorrow  richys back on monday tho canne wait need a hug so badly !! xxxxx
@sabrinaxx shhh man i still got time  LOL. cant wait till the tour...eeek!!! x
30 more minutes of my life! Wait, wtf. What am I doing after this?? 
@fourzerotwo aw i wish i got that uncharted beta  cant wait to get the game
@iamtetel I think im gonna let peter go now  i've been hanging on for quite a long time..as u know very well and i cant wait forever...
I miss yesterday! All the rides were no more then a 15 minute wait!  dammit...
@djmobeatz ouh! Wait though is there anyway to get the copies bc the one I want isn't on here 
@naystcb hmm, that sux. sorry  I wonder how long the wait is, I hope for your sake not long.
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6q1om - i love you guyss!! i cant believe i missed it last night  but i cant wait to see u guys!!
oh shit wait that tweet about seeing up didn't go through 
@CandiClown Wait a minute, that means I'm getting really old 
was going to post to blog &amp; upload new premade designs but appears hosting is down  hmmm guess I will change the to do list &amp; wait to see
n l ajhbvpoipiuPVBA boooooooooored &amp; cnt wait 2 visit my BFF 2morrow... she lives 3 hrs away from me 
@drewseeley i am def.... oh wait i still have finals  lol
catching up on prom pics! why cant there be one for all grades over here? i cant wait much longer 
oh damn i forgot harper's island come on tonight! ill wait until netflix gets it i guess. 
how the hell did i get 87 followers?? i had 47 yesterday....oh well the mire the merrier...wait maybe its an ipod glitch... 
o_o wait, really? omg, i forgot to see ashley's performance and speech!! ahhh 
Oh wait, I just got audibled on that one... 
@griddy yeah with no boos!  psshhh...wait till i get my summer startin 5
@jordanknight ooh wait you can stay up and talk to us who cant go to sleep 
@cloudinchi He should be back season 7 I think so I just gotta wait. 
@NickyLovesMcFly awwwwwww , i wanna go see mcfly agen  cant wait much longer or i'll go insane
heeey  .. cant wait to give french up in 3 weeks .. as i got french hwk and i dont understand &quot;/ .. bad that i still have physics thou  x
my showers always so cold  gotta wait 10 minutes until i can use my mum &amp; dad's too.
missing mr wilson  cant wait till he comes home tomorrow
@albertsthings i have workkkkkk. and waiting on heaps of online shopping to come through. cant wait! but essay  have fun @ the gig tmr 
had a lie in then worked out, now working  last exam tomos! cant wait!
wait a minute, where did this burn on my index finger come from? and it hurts 
@tinymicroserf I broke it.  It was actually working earlier! *sigh* guess it's gotta wait till the weekend now.  
Really fucking pist. .  cant wait to move far away from everyone ;-(
Goinn to the mall with @jaykpurdy oh wait , that was my dream its just @kuhrinnn 
@Punkydeeps90 I agree. Wait, are you having a sad day? 
wish he was here w mee now   i cant wait to see him !
still missing em....even more now that i know ill  see em soon. i just cant wait its maiking me miss em lots more then before. 
listing to some T.I. cant wait till he gets out 
thats the ferry terminal... but there is a long wait. we might not even be able to get on 
i gotta wait till tmorrow but that seems so far away  ugh i need britterz
@pandazebra yeah watever.. I gotta wait another three hours!   .. Yay me loves smoothies!
@nkangel74 ur pics on facebook are awesome! I still gotta wait 2 more weeks 
@22amay22 wishing I was at the pub having a drink..oh wait still sick! 
@janetteBAM24 thats why you should live w/ me..!  haha, but wait, u'd still have to share a room. :/ darn. 
@Mimidncr96 what we have always done  wait for you to get a cellular device...
 marco! *waits for thumbdrive to reply* rarrrrrrrgrrrr MARCOOOO!
#iremember when i didn't have to pay bills..uumm wait no I don't 
3days... wahaha.. i seriously cant wait. but wait, exams first. 
sitting wait for something to happen  bored...to lazy to move  i just wanna cry 
@tholdersr i'm thinkin i will get my friend to tape it off foxtel when it starts the 28th!! othawise its wait till dvd... 
up studying for this nutrition exam  cant wait til june 25! hurry tha fuk up LOL
@dreamer420420 your so lucky, i think i gota wait more months for it..   im trueblood-deprived... 
@W1mum are you ok? wait sounds like it could be pretty tedious 
@ParamountUK i cudnt get tickets to the premier   but il stil come to see the red carpet cant wait!
I cant wait till its friday... I want to rest 
@sarahjaneruby yep hopefully i want it on a plan n my mum wont do it in her name so i might have 2 wait till after my birthday 
going to go have a shower and read H.D chapter in bed, cant wait 
is yil3an shopping! where did all the gorgeous shirts go? Wait for me 
p.s having a crap day, cant wait til 3.30 to go 
In waiting room for first antenatal clinic, apparently I'm in for a 2hr wait. I should have brought a book 
feels like i've been up all day already.  oh.  wait..  
has got bad sun burn  but cant wait for her holiday on friday!!!!!!!!
wait a tick. That's kind of mean to be happy about. I feel bad now. 
no wonder i gained wait by going to ballet! i don't feel like going! getting fatter by the minute  crap
wait, that was only 13... 
#iremember slap bracelets, shiny metallic shirts, when the Mets sucked... oh wait. 
i killed the fail whale, and i feel evil.    i think i need to go to confession...wait i'm not catholic
Ahnna just went home and i am so sad.     cant wait til we get manicures!!
i am soooo tired, and fed up  cant wait to go to poland in 3 three then to turkey 2 week after poland, i need to get away!!!!!
@ltuaileva What do we do? we wait... wait... wait... 
wait... are we not going for dinner anymore? 
@tommcfly oh, wait a minute... they're younger than you right?? 
sitting on my bed extremely bored  cant wait fr hols 
wait for important thing 
so...wait..I've gotta wait til the end of raw for the triple threat? 
pizza! haha. I hate how thy don't have the hot and readys ready. so I have to stand herr and wait! 
R.I.P henry d.  wait he lived) i was so scared.
watching buffy with meh baby... headache.  cant wait for portcon
internets down at my house  cant wait for lvatt
@rabeidoh i will talk w/ @ScorchAgency and find out what the dealio is... sorry.for.delay 
@starbucksapron 200s...  lol i was getting too nervous waiting to see if ticketmaster opened up 100s i was afraid i would end up with 400s
@madamecrow ya cant. I had that problem. I scrubbed my skin off literally. You just gotta wait a couple of days til it comes off. 
I'm lying in bed waiting for my alarm to go off 
hmm ohh wait... nevermind... the software update comes out on the 18th...  /disappointment.
@MonkeyBasket those really interested wait until the last 30 seconds on ebay, I'd buy if it only fetched that but would prob need posting 
anyone want to play on xbox live...oh wait 
I cant wait to be able to sleep in  its so hard to wake up.
wait i dont know what u talking about  first explain for me then i will see ok 
back 2 wrk! it sux!  cant wait to go bk hm to wifey!
fanna head bac to brockett cant wait   i mistied yal 
Getting ready for work  cant wait for thurs
@denise_sitnvgn I want a turkey to wander through my yard...wait no I don't some hunter would try to make him/her lunch 
@xoxobuhleak LOL  awwww well I cant wait I missed the first premeire and the next on is in 9 minutes!!!
I'm back.. the cab left before I could reach the parking lot.. gotta wait till 2 
field trip wont be the same without u lexi! cant wait for 2marrow alis on my bus still have to take the stupid inhaler at 2:30 
@RandyTucker829 I'm not.  I'm disciplined to a fault. wait, that sounds like more permission from you??? is it. is it. huh, huh, is it??
@Nickerbop they said they tried to contact me to verify the order. They didn't try  now I gotta wait
@VasoMcfly I can't  I gotta wait til I go to my parent's house
@dodgeballninjas i guess i gotta wait another week 
Enjoying summer break....oh wait, I have a job now too 
wait i missed the opening of the cmt's 
Drinking a free capuchino at the drls office..he has a capucchino machine...  wait...no wonder his fees  are high... no freebies here 
@anniemomammy cant wait for sushi on friday! @SarahDizon i'm going to try. i'm so sorry if i cant make it. it's all on my dad's cycle.? 
uh idk whats going on anymore. wait do you 
@iamizzap i know, i feel bad for the leak too..  i cant wait for the other songs and the real release !
@StaceyBethh yeah well that one is gone  wait the one across from the clubhouse closes I think!
@clingermangw Thanks a lot. Like hell I'm compiling and uploading that crap again. Wait till the alpha! 
bent half of my thumbnail back ftw...wait nah thats ftl 
went to eat already! i cnt wait for my thur off!! only day 
damn i really hate waiting 
@ILoveNereus31 whoa wait i didn't even see that you made this till now! haha sorryyy.  you didn't do okinawan camp 
@chopsteak maybe i'm crazy too?  oh wait i know my excuse. i'm white! ha! :p
@isabellanadia YAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY..  cant wait to see you nads! i miss the boys too  veryberrymuchhh.
@HelloImLaToya omfg lets go to the casin...wait the buffets are closed 
wait i still have to clean my room damit! 
My heart hurts.who does this bitch thiiiink she is? Wait why do I care?? I don't!!!!!! But I do 
@freddurst - we are many who waits impatient!!! And us europeans always have to wait a little longer! 
@ronnyvengeance So do I  god damnit, why cant the hurry up and announce some date
@sumit_nigam u can call..but my wait will continue 
@TerrenceOBrien nothing mate, steve said to go back to bed and wait another hour before I can open my presents! 
tired as fcuk and cant wait to take a nap 
my ankle still hurts really bad.  hope i didn't do something stupid.....wait...wait..oh...yep
@mandystevens thx! i cant wait to get it! hopefully next month!  i couldnt get yours though  it was rushed.
@JessicaShops oh wait, i just found out it's 7-10...can't make it 
its here!!!! now the wait to download  #iphone3.0!!!!!!!!!!
@DonnieWahlberg Wait, this mean no more &quot;hugs&quot;? 
@scottfelstead cant imagine how u managed it unless u know them man himself!i had tickets for 2nd night &amp; now i've gotta wait until march 
@scottfelstead cant imagine how u managed it unless u know the man himself!i had tickets for 2nd night &amp; now i've gotta wait until march 
lol lines,vines and trying times pre-ordered  it didnt come yet lol cant wait!
@markwagner  I think I'm gonna wait a bit before I jailbreak 3.0.  But I already miss being able to hide apps. 
I cant wait to see everyone at soma on friday! All my friends are gonna be there. I feel lonely...  cant wait to see you there friends!
is waiting for almost 45 minutes for @gentxt call... sorry @cjpunkedout for keeping u wait for us... 
Hahahahahah. Wait @quenchin, &quot;pest control&quot; for the woodchucks? That's so sad   .
@emileesays  holiday world. i go thr lk every summer, its so much fun. (: i cant wait 2 ride the pilgrims plunge! ;o i wish U could go. :|
@MissOyewo  Wait you like the fine frenzy... love them... I am going to miss you. boo
wait no hes not? yahoo tv lied to me 
Still no sign of quickpwn 3.0  all this excitement just for a long loooooooong wait
@stevelopez hahah shut up. Wait how did my phone get back into my hands?!  i suck at this
i'm gonna need a caffeine i.v. in the morning. oh wait... it is morning  @meamcj would not b pleased right now. but she's snoozing hehehe
wait, we have a new one? #gokeyisabigot #gokeyisabitch #gokeyisadouche. jeez, wank is too hard to keep up wtih 
@maylaa oh wait! your dog! 
Is sooo bored !!! cant wait to see adam dribble the b ball later. dreading monday !!!! hope it never comes  xxxx
@hannahmcfly oh wait, you're not on  haven't talked to you in agess bb
is very nervous, waiting for testresults of my mums liver-scan  
ugh no wakey  wait is it thursday? YAY!!
i HATE working out  i feel like crying when i do  sooo hungry now tho  yummm food  cant wait for tomorrow ;)
@colleencoble if ur ups man is anything like ours, u r last to be delivered to,&amp; on realy bad days: he is overloaded u wait till tomorrow 
@OmegaZultan Wait nevermind, you're Canadian... sorry 
@PrincessSakura same  I'm gonna wait til my bday in sept and just try get a ticket from somewhere with bday money I think
@DaCUFFhER not til tomorro supposedly  i kaint wait
@selenagomez  this looks amaziing !! cant wait i love you and im soo sad i ddint see you in vancouver 
@MarieDenee I know  Wait...that welcome was supposed to be good lol -- I just have a hard time embracing my addictions! lol
@enliytenme ***wiping tears*** i'm jealous... I gotta wait till weds 
ugh.... gotta wait for an m.r.i and maybe surgery 
aw man just realized we're a hr behind here in nashville. so we got a 3hr wait. 
whoo hoo...i get to cut my grass.  wait thats not fun 
so .. i just got finish moving ..so miss the boo right now   guess i gotta wait to see him.. dont matter tho. calling him tonight lol
wait whats happing?? Lol no one tells me anything  LOL
i miss the jonas brothers so much cant wait to see them on august 8 
@Spinjd no! wait! sh!t! 
@HypeDaGreat noo don't gooo..wait for me  I didn't see it
I forgot how long ladies take to get ready...wow I have a wait 
@Vickfletch but i cant wait 
@skrud yeah, twas mentioned. i gotta wait a month 
i want a cappucino skor blizzard. wait, they dont serve that flavor anymore  HMPH.
ahh you did! i was working  that movie is SO GREAT. cant wait for tomm ;) @ecchiu
@shoPPaHolliK I envy that transformers is out over there.... I gotta wait til the 24th... 
@lalalalaurynn lmao aww that's gotta be tough  being away channing and adam...wait a minute..
cant believe its my last day in china  i cant wait to come back
i am seriously craving some pinkberry right now. ohh wait im not in la 
@samsamsammm it on right now  cant wait till mondayyy!
@Zarathrustya Wait, why no thai? this is unacceptable! 
@jrk_cochina40 yea... kinda. my hopes were up and now im like what if i lose?!! that would suck  lol and the wait is killing me!!!
No wait it's too late 
@mzh3llokitty he dnt wna go im tryn to be guy free  wait r we home wth.
@SHAYMAMII wait wait wait, its not what you think *gECBr* hehe anyway i went to the 1 by my house, i dont have my car 
I want iphone 3GS, gotta wait a few months for contract to expire though 
Going to bed now. not gonna wait longer, if the phone rings, then great, if not i'll just be sleeping. 
And we wait.....and wait 
@loganroberts damn you! I'm gonna wait a bit to buy it 
This wait is going to kill me 
@ericesun seriously wish when you said 'cant wait til tonight' that meant you were coming to bmore 
what is that the sun? uh wait  . . . no 
@maryyex yay babe , i cant wait to see youuuuuu! i miss u 
@pjay_ wow...incredible. i cant wait for mine..so sad  #squarespace
hoem finally its friday cant wait for the weekend skools gone be over soon 
gettin my last hour of work n so i can go chilll n the sun ... wait ... its f****** cloudy 
@jKeys_WheReitiS sorry i don't know what else to call it  oh wait promotional planning ??? is that better? lol
cantwait for imats!! oh wait, im not going. darn. 
TGIF great....oh wait no plans and I work all weekend 
@lelro awwwwww  wait.....did he lose or something? plz say noooo!
Is sitting on the runway waiting for ramp space... approx 30 min wait 
@tracecyrus i cant wait that long!!!!!!!but i guess i'll have to 
i cant wait until friday nights are not spent studying 
@IamBSanders lol, wait i missed that he shot her!? 
@KisMEEE I hate to make you guys wait for me..  rain check?
@Edgrc ...haha i hate you!!! i want frutti  cant wait to get some tomorrow
@mitchelmusso yay cant wait! can i get a shout out please? im having a bad day 
Is finially off grounded and cant wait for warped tour. oh wait, i cant go! 
wait a min... that sound like a coma lol. going to sleep now...  when i wake up it'll just b tmrw 
@Ravefamous hell yeah. Wait i am a parent now too. 
@tmckenna1015 I'd love to babe. oh. except wait - gotta save $ for boco 
what tv show should i download?? damn, all the good tv shows are finished with their season...i gotta wait till the next comes out 
whatta day!! cant wait to go to bed!!! but dont want tomorrow to come. 
waiting for the B.A tour dvd to come out...  cant wait any longer!!!!!!
@AcidInk eep its awesome! and he hurt demi  but i cant wait to read the rest of this! 
has no-one to talk to  and honestly cnt wait for new moon to come out in november !!
wait 4 our preparing for prom  ^^ call me sis, i can't wait  i'm afraid that i can't clothe my dress  
doing nth now at home  cant play yahoo games too. love you maypeng. cant wait to eat durian later. woooooohoooooo.
im up and leaving in 6 minutes.not enough time to play the sims  cant wait till 6..wonder if i can squeeze a 530 outta this.
wait for it, wait for it.... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! 
I miss @navingr8 ...   cant wait 2 c u back tis wednesday...!!!!!!!!!!!!!~~~~~
Why are the surf leaders all american? LOL hmmm cant wait for tomorrow, want it to be now 
wait, i think i made him mad at me. ouch 
at work since 5. cant wait to take a nap. i get to misshim&lt;3 until he's off 
comp tomorrow  aw the effort cant wait till its over!
i cant wait for my first wage!!  sucks i get paid monthly 
i have to play! no wait, i have to sleep 
@krustifer fathers day omg i cant wait so exciting, oh no wait i forgot  lol
@ughJAYnicole ahhh you keep tweeting i love it lmao. i cant wait for you guys to come back. im ready to die lmao. its so boring and quiet 
@staylor97 I'll put some pics out on my blog. Wait and see. The island pics are in the camera still, and the camera is in the cottage. 
@tehnakki Wait, why can't you talk? 
We are in wait mode. The labor thing isn't progressing. We need definite progress before we head to the hospital. 
arrgghh! my broski beat me to the showerrrr! now i gotta wait.. hmph. 
i dont wanna wait til its too late..its not how it was supposed to be..i wish i could talk to someone about this situation 
@RosieRaccoon I lost  Even though I'm his stalker...wait what?
wants to go away and never come back, its time for a fresh start... gotta wait 3 months for that though 
@arwatts NOOOOOOOOOO! No I don't allow it  ill kill her when she comes back to georgia. Wait how do you know?
@DonniesGirl69   gotta wait til other name ulocks so I can see it
@EveSophie15  i cant wait to see the videoooooz.x
@smalltownpinay aww sexayyy can`t wait to see youuu! i miss you 
@thismoderndeath me me oh wait I live half a continent away. 
At red lobster. 45 minute wait 
starving. cant wait for breakfast.. in like 10 hours 
@AlexAllTimeLow Wait.. what does the green default picture mean? I think I completely got uninvited to a revolution 
@jonasbrothers YEAAAAA.. wait no im not 
@Followtheblonde its all over  but i will be ok.... there is always next saturday!!! i cant wait
@real_adrian_g tired and i cant wait till summer 
packing for tomarrow going to camp marengo...... cant wait, but then again no phone 
Yay! 2 tacos for $0.99...wait no it's 2 for $1.09. That's false advertise right there 
@desrosiers i cant wait to see your picture with out hb couple and know about everything yhigrlhelrhgiolhegb 
@joseke7  awww i wish i was there, no wait, i wasnt invited 
@SEXYTIMElove wait wait wait, you go to church? omg 140 characters isn't enough for me 
@1BUSINESS Sowwy  I was not locked in! Wait ill gibe u 50 push ups!
Oh wait i just realized i dont get every ones twits on my phone. .  sorry
@beckyp234 no wait ignore that, the contest is already over 
@angiej7 no wait ignore that, the contest is already over 
is going to bed...invitations are still not done  damn!...cnt wait til tomorrow!
@KarenTreacyx isnt it no 1 goodlukin on it..remember ant ;);) oh wait u didnt watch it that yr  xxx
Wow I've still gotta wait another 4 hours for my video to upload 
@blackwhiteworld ahah ok I will get some money to bribe miss hill....o wait :S I'm broke 
@lucylumcfly nooo i hate it lol as soon as it was dun i burst into tears  i cnt wait to take it out lolxxx
@jordanataylor no  my parents wouldn't take me down  i can't effing wait till i get my license. 
huh! cant log in! now im online just waiting for his calling. ill wait as long as i can ... hope he calls me later. ! hixhixhix pathetic 
I love mysteries of &quot;how did that bad invisible character get into my file and make question marks all over my pages&quot;... oh wait, no 
Wow and you didnu wait for me 
i miss new york   cant wait to move to new jerseyyyy
@mustBeButta Wait a min!!! U never told me it wasn't off the regular menu! I had my mind made up 
@PageKennedy jenna sangria please follow me! LOL oh wait I do but u don't follow me 
@xmts after that wait about 20 minutes, but when I do it, it take more time  wait until completely dry the pack and gently pull off...
@dolcelaalaa they said she's sick right now  so we gotta wait
@JonathanRKnight Wait...what did I miss??? 
@AdrianDoubleYou yeah....WE gotta wait till next week 
@yulzrulz i cant view the degree show, says its private  . i cant wait to seeee it
dropped my puppy off 2 get fixed  i feel so bad. and i miss him. cant wait to get him back!!!
time to join the great commute! cant wait to be crammed up against smelly/dribbly old people! 
I hope I don't have to talk to anybody today or at least wait til I take a nap (if I can) 
@cherylannecole cant wait. had tickets to go the auditions yesterday. unfortunately couldnt make it though 
@BigCatFace  thats sooo long! it will go so quickly tho, and be worth the wait! xxxxxxx
OWWWWWWW bloody hair straightners i burnt my finger  cant wait for those sexy soldiers tomorrow ;) me &amp;&amp; soph are gonna have so much fun
@NicholasJerry92 its ok, I know what its like to be appart of a hugely famous band with my brothers. wait actaully, I dont...haha 
@mileycyrus  anyone that hurtys mileys feelings is an idiott.... cant wait to see her in december.
@Devious_D naw mamita not yet. Waiting for the right one LOL and we both know that won't happen. NOOOO its not true 
@FinchyGurl99 I think I'm late....wait im just broke! 
@stephgavilanez: i think ill just wait till it comes out on dvd 
i cant wait to get off workkkkkk! soon? please say soon! not going to be with the boy though.  kben :]
day one on the long wait for the iphone to be mine... 
At the hospital waiting for granpa. 
lss with the song broken by lifehouse. cant wait for august. 
@spicyclubsauce  not cool. cant wait to seeee you ;)
i miss shelley  wait what?
i just found out that i got taken off 2 wait lists and i have to register to get back on them tomorrow...for photo classes!!! 
@dzurillaville Barefoot...not naked?   I'm sure there's some Freudian meaning behind the cigar, however.  Wait...what size was the cigar?
@KankzXD no wait .. campbelltown mall... that place haas nuthin in it 
@tommcfly the wait for the new album is starting to drag   see you at summer pops!
@dnnguyen2 i'm so jealous i want to go watch it too ..but i cant maybe this weekend if not ill wait til it come out on dvd .. 
@SamChampion thats the point - he wasnt thinking - and there r always women lying in wait ready to pounce on men who arent thinking 
The results werent  good...waiting for more info 
about to go to work  cnt wait
sooo freaking tired. glad it's almost the break soo i can sleep in! cant wait to head to weyburn after easter. 
@janelle73 love you little baby sister.... cant wait til next semester 
@drjackdr ahahaha yes i know!!! ahahah  Wait a minute pls 
listening to mcfly  cant wait for the bloody holidays!
getting my english doneee!!!!!!!! ahh cant wait till holidays 
at the airport.  cant wait to get to spain.
@tommcfly hello tom, brazil wait for mcfly here 
going to sit with my gutar and wirte a song   some thing to do   cant wait till tomorrow going to hadston      cya x
@colocelt lol, oh wait....the time out corner?  I haven't been there yet..lol 
@cynthiapang yes, the only one he wasnt making a face  wait until I tell u the drama from the game. omg.
Bad is good sometimes i think? No wait that was bad is just bad, i am confused now 
@MissKatiePrice absolutely lovin the show cant wait for Thursdays now 
@stokez haha i know!  ahh cant wait to go home!
7 days till mcfly concert  cant wait!
@officialTila im sure i will, cant wait to hear it! gosh they should call you queen delay! 
@freddurst cant wait to see you at download dude have a nice wedding 
@WaunDaun oh wait that's a clothing line or sumthin like dat...forget it hehehe 
@freerealms i cant wait to see how good free realms gets with this huge influx of new testers 
@christinajade haha, why? They're still having a blast with their teabagging jokes. The perves... I mean nerve  Wait for the #MarchOnWA ;)
@mikasounds cant wait for your second album!!!! wooooohhhooo! 
@mschloe I'mma wait till more people leave the chat to start talking. 
@britneyspears hi britney i cant wait until you tour austraila i have been your fan ever since i was five  its true!
@adrey LOL (: well you got them so ur taking me to work tomorrow  hehe. awwee i cant wait for you to pick me up. come earlier.
@britneyspears i cant wait to come see you on the 20th...im bringing my sis as her wedding gift 
@porkyman2 he loved the tongue ring! it was worth the wait  i forgot how much i loved to suck cock...
new generation greek for lunch :: cant wait for the lamb 
gooood mornnning tweeetie pies!!! another beautiful day! cant wait to lay out and watch the LAAAKER game babbby!! 
@dougiemcfly hahaa! nice way to put it dougie. cant wait to see you on saturday!  xxxx
wait. no. daria is better. watching this instead. 
@nathalieex  I cant wait! I need to finsh packing tho
@bluehatwonders MORE?! didn't you had them... oh wait - right... did you know midnight secretary had updated? I do 
@MussoMitchel aw mitchel your so awesomeeee  i love your musicc &lt;3 cant wait for the album . emma 
@jackmooring have fun at gma bruva! cant wait to hang out again! 
@SUMMER.. COME FAAAASTER!! klsdjflkdsjfkld; i cant wait until im done with school.. 
@pdot awww thank you... oh wait, you're not talking about me. dammit! 
oh I so cnt wait 2 finish this class haha...I made sum self-saucing chocolate pudding b4 I got here cnt wait to eat it whn I get homee 
http://tinyurl.com/co7t85 - amazing concept! worth the loading wait 
intends to destroy her hair somemore today with her favourite emma cant wait to start my new job  x
I want to become a magician, so i can conjure up some motivation...wait, if I was a magician, I'd just conjure up my report, right? 
@tawnysmith i cant wait to see you dance on thursday 
is really bored, cant wait for a scotch egg. 
Oh, wait, now it's working! 
@a_mag cool  I cant wait to see it 
@MrPeterAndre where kate? hows the weather there? cant wait for thursdays show 
@hopeinhell ooer! u just made me wet!  oh, wait a minute, i'm not a girl! ahhhh, crap...
@hayleyparamore new album soon? cant wait!! 
chatting with jhen, haha, and watching sleeping beauty, wait, listening 
@cchione  thank you!!!  I can't' wait to do it 
&quot;ain't nothing like them summer nights&quot; oh wait it's only spring!  that song suits how I'm feeling atm
@paulshadwell Wait, wait! I spoke in haste - I make you tea; you wash up for me. 
@tessthetraveler Me too! Although, I can't stand the suspense, so I'll sleep in and wait til the full announcement is out 
@MoShang hey wait you a painter or a musician? 
@shaundiviney cant wait for the cd to come out 
@derekrubio  &lt;3 u baby cant wait to start working 
@mileycyrus when are you arriving in london? I cant wait to see you 
@ecaps1 well you could either have a baby or a sex change - wait a few years and you'd fit right in! 
@KayaHumphrey Hiii  how r u? absolutely loved series 3 of skins, n cant wait till the next one! .. r u anything like your character?
band-aid bonding on may! can`t wait!! 
Getting ready for school, cant wait for the hmwrk.. yay - says sarcasticly - ... working on a vid tonight probbly upload it tom. 
omg jbs album cover so amazing ! cant wait for it 
@questlove wait..how can you, if i'm here? 
@MandyyJirouxx congrats ! im soo proud of you girls. cant wait to see you this summer 
sleeeping. big day tomrrow! cant wait!!! eeeeeppp!! 
@LeaMummy cool double check....cant wait to dress up all sexy 
@car4dave not for me. Wait....yeah, I'm using that excuse too. That's my story...whatever you just said. 
@katyperry cant wait to see you in birmingham tomorrow! yay! 
@Paupau88 me tooo.....oh wait I don't work weekends 
Is off out 4 lunch today cant wait 
@Hannahlouj LOL I aint gnna say anything yet u just gotta wait till tuesday..to see if ur conclusionz right...or wrong 
it's good to have a lie in  cant wait for party tonight
Oh, no, wait, it works 
just ate a yum curry cat wait to go look at the house tomorrow 
is now eatin her lunch 4 once :L nd wait 4 tym 2 past so she can go trampolining  xx
wait for some surprise 
@officialjobros http://twitpic.com/4diat - I cant wait 
@aliciacassarino me too! why do you think i put in all these insane hrs. to pay for my trvls.. but yeah cant wait till paris  way excited
@RealHughJackman had to pay bills 1st but i cant wait 2 see it i have seen all u have been in! loveing it so thrilled! congrats  !!
@jojo71489: I KNOW! the day has finally come  cant wait to see you later!
@joyfullykaotic oh just u wait. Its coming along nicely 
so prefect  cant wait!!!!!!!
@DLDavis2nd wait for me  I love naptime
@jeweljk cant wait to buy your new album ! 
had fun wit cassy looking at stars in her driveway&lt;3 so romantic cant wait 2 c her again 
@GabezRosales oh wait, you were talking about knowing! i thought you mean the limit thing. oh well, 4 more minutes 
@eenabalangauan suure! i shall ask ahead!  i miss my sammy..haha! i hvnt seen her since grad..een! cnt wait to see yoouu! 
AAAH!  u can see the floor!! haha cant wait till the kit arrives and we can measure and set up!!!  EXCITINGGGG!!!!! aaaaah!!! 
@taylorswift13 woohoo! cant wait to see it, they are always enjoyable! 
@TeeRibbzz yeh i can tell   cant wait to go internationally.....
Is at home relaxing cant wait too see my besty 2 morrw hope i well enough to go to the city woot 
jadeycakes birthday party tonight  cant wait to see her &amp; the new flat!
@shaundiviney i amm! stuff school!!!!!!!! short stack more important, cant wait !!  &lt;3 xxx
@nicobyrne aw, glad you guys had a great night. cant wait to hear the new stuff 
is even more hungover agen.... cant wait to do it all agen on tues, weds, fri n sat 
Just woke up i only got 3 hours og sleep! cant wait 2 see the princess later! 
wait no!  have a hot one now 
oh and i cant wait for friday  hope i get there in time to atleast get nearish the front.  we'll bound to be near the back though 
@JLSOfficial  - cant wait till your single comes out  xxx
@tommcfly cool  i cant wait !  xxxxx
@sdprimm Wait! You cooked? 
i just cant wait to see it nfkids your the best lol 
[Wrong!] i just cant wait to see it nfkids your the best lol  http://tinyurl.com/chxpp8
@cryst_trueblue yeah lolz cant wait till the movie only 6 more days till it comes out 
@skyablaze i cant wait to see it. link it when it's done. 
@Jonasbrothers have fun  cant wait to see it
@IAMtheCOMMODORE sweet - cant wait for videos 
finished organizing my new room. cant wait for it to be painted 
i cant wait until tommorrow  i get to see him!
@Jonasbrothers OMJ i cant wait to see it guys i know that it will be awesome cos everything you do is awesome 
@chelcywestphal very true  haha i really want tomorrow to be thursday!! lol i cant wait for our story swap =P miisssss youu tooo
@pirateking1974 but I cant wait that long to use my voucher - its burning a hole in my pocket...  I cant decide what to get!
@Jonasbrothers thats so awesome! I cant wait to see it! 
@KyIeStyIe i cant wait to see the pics from the shoot! 
@iamjonathancook I can sleep, I'm just choosing not to lol. fact: you still make me INcREDIBLY happy &amp; cant wait to eventually meet you! 
@JonasAustralia hey,, When Does you show J.O.N.A.S air in australia?? i cant wait lol 
@thatglamchick ok.... tx  it's so worth the wait! lol...***
is choosing to do britney for the dance showcase! yesss  cant wait. 58 days....
@lukeylukess u were awesome at the bull and bush the other day   cant wait to see u at the loft x
heading out to dinner in a minute - cant wait to have food. 
@carolinekan HAHA all because of chocolate? Always knew your heart was in your stomach. Wait till you try the truffles 
on my tea break  cant wait to drive home tonite!!
@HellenBach good stuff, cant wait for the results 
@fylaviedanat flo can spell antidisestablishmentarianism off the top of her head. wait i just did   
@qatesiuradewyo I would cry a little. Wait...no I mean, the mechanical army would be -so- pleased to have proper representation. X-me! 
@CharlieCurve Wait - cool AND a sliding door? That's an oxymoron. 
@sabrina215 YES!! cant wait. hope these vip passes help since people already campin out hahah 
phew!  made it thru the return of babysitting!  
mothers day...love you madre   chels tonight. cant wait for her to see her present!
@ritajking oh wait, i messed up my own messed up lyrics, that should be &quot;don't concretize it&quot; 
happy thats its finally summer  and cant wait to turn 21 on weds!!!!!!!
@NeishaNay im gone miss ya'll Lol.don laugh@me im serious.its bittersweet. lookin forward 2goin home but cant wait till nx semester! 
@DonyaMaries oh absolutely!  I cant wait for the lettuces to come up.  
@NightShade10 It'll be worth the wait, I'm busting a gut here. 
@positron76 cant fuckin wait mate!!! it is goin to fantastic. its made my week 
if tonight was anything like summer i cant wait 
@heynadine yayy! i cant wait to see them! 
@BumbleBeeBree love you more. cant wait to see ya soon  night
@britneyspears thanks for following me, hope all is well and cant wait to see you in australia when ya come. 
@tinchystryder I'm going big weekend  cant wait to see u! x
@GGEastLDN im cool  cant wait to hear these stories xoxo
chewing bubble gum  gerard's beside me crying like a fat baby.. oh wait. ))
@hihellogoodbye: oh? how was the orientation? wait what course are you taking? 
#SanctuarySunday  cant wait for the dvds to come out 
@Keels_90 it totally will be  cant wait!!!!!!
@joelhouston why you don't whait more 8 hours? it's cool wait! hahaha  good luck in you decision!   god bless
@gfalcone601 wooo! i cant wait for the concert!  x
i cant wait for the semi-formal dance 
@EAJosh I definately will buy it cuz it's really good  I just gotta wait until I have some money :|
just back from walk. cant wait for food 
@jennuinecandles love it  I can smell it from here...oh wait, I have mine burning.....LOL 
goin to gran canaria tommorow carnt wait 
i miss him, i cant wait to see him, im happy 
so hungry :/ cant wait till my roast dinner  x
@souljaboytellem not mee im in tha bay  cant wait til thursday
@aeroDynamic10 crazy!! wait up for me  haha I think... I have 2 hiring deals... but who knows. I haven't looked yet..
i dont wait round for nam person. it wouldnt be ja'vone. 
@lynneeezy I dont even know lol but yeah I cant wait we should just make full course dinner though lol 
@JonathanRKnight also you should really get some rest ;) the cruise is fast approaching  cant wait to see you xoxoox
I loooove the new jordin sparks song  &amp; i cant wait to hear who is in the finale!
@smpfilms wow cool!  now i cant wait to subscribe
chilling...cant wait to go home 
I cant wait to give kane his present 
@leeyian just wait and see 
@IfUSeekLizzie yeah i cant wait for the second one. 
@saulcolt oh wait, I think I missunderstood  We know there are a few and they are being worked on but let either of us know.
havnt been shopping with my sister in aggggggggggges cant wait!! 
@allisonarizona only if you take microeconomics for me  elasticity of gas - blech - cant wait for ogiliopoly or whatever it is
@hangontomato wait, they have colored tuct tape at target now?! really?! 
@mikegrant Short sleeves, black shirt, works for my bff  Wait... not sure if he knows there are colours other than black lol
I'm going to sleep... Wait! It's only 4:51p.m.! So what? I'm going to sleep! 
In between shifts....cant wait for 2moro...full day off 
That wasn't a long wait at all. Or particularly faithy. 
@Jonasbrothers omg! cant wait! 
so, i cant wait till wednesday cause then hopefully ill finally get to hang out with @StephenBarnes 
@yaykimo how did it go kimo? when will you be posting video of you? omj your so freaking lucky!  i cant wait to see hs now!
@SongzYuuup cant wait to hear it 
@JBMareMareJB haha yay!!! cant wait!!! 
@shaundiviney heyy =D ive seen pics of yous at the vid yesterday.. they look greatt.. cant wait for it to come outt  replyy ?? =D
really cant wait until friday 
@marieiris You're keeping me up... wait.. I mean 'awake'. 
I'm enjoying my new room.... it's lookin cuter and cuter. Wait till i paint it!! 
@mingfaichan yeah i know  cant wait to play it.
hold up wait a minute, let me put some coffee in it!  i really want starbucks...
@missjia lmfao!!!!!.......!.... Wait did she just say niggas and yeast infection in the same sentence...i think i gotta throw up 
@OfficialJoBros woah your movie was amazing  i seriously cant wait till you come to australia. i love you three so much!
Ahaa, one week until half term, cant wait 
I am SSKM  hehe kailey gets it .. Wait does she?
then i get my birthday off on wedensday cant wait should be gd x 
Up earlt ; not feelin to qood but hair ; &amp;| eyebrownz latah. Mermoial weekend comin up cnt wait 
http://twitpic.com/5cugg - my half packed bag ready for switzerland! ahhh cant wait! 
ah cant wait to see noah todayy !! &lt;33 and gotta get my after-prom dress fixed 
@shellsibubs me, hanna and ana are in chatzy waiting to celebrate with you! come on! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - woot woot! tour is coming very close! cant wait to see you guys in 79 days 
@anyamanda ahahah  i cant wait then lol. but im not in my mood to do a dating stuffs :p
@mitchelmusso LOVED the music videoo!!! and the song...i cant wait for ur new album to come out!!! 
@Malcomdaughter i cant wait either! ill prob end up doing the goblin thing to!! 
@nessa_damaged , its going to be so much fun I cant wait, 
@shredderhamster Thanks  I'm trying not to think about it now, just gonna wait and see how it goes tomorrow
oh, ive realised that the webcam updates every 10 minutes  toms hat &lt;3 cant wait for the acoustic.
@issie07 Lmfaooo, Wait till you listen to it :/ Without blowing my own trumpet, I freaking love ittt  DITO it is (Y)
@pinpoint_uk  This song is a tune.   i cant wait to see toms little 'ead.  (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
@johncmayer you &amp; your tweet make me smile  i can hardly wait wait to have a listen!
wants. her. hug. :[   ...cant wait for school tomorrow 
@ddlovato cant wait for the 21st! love you 
going to movies next saturday with my boyfriend and i cant wait 
listening to juggernauts by enter shikari, and now cant wait for the new album 
lol@ usman saying Wait for another weekend has just begun 
@rebeccalhh i cant wait!  ifly ecfggmvb4l were going to save the economy
@chrisgillick yea I understand. I wanna wait a bit. But if it happens it happens. But I'd like to be young for a few more years 
http://twitpic.com/5ewkv - I cant wait till i finish 
i had so much freaking fun at roller derby practice yesterday, cant wait till i have my own skates 
earthquake was awesome. cant wait for the next one. 
@ahshishiG its the best  . nothinqq better . wait . yes it is . but twitter doesnt deserve to know
i cant wait for paramores new albumm!! listening to 'Ignorance' now 
nite twitters! cant wait till tomorrow 
i that explains it. yes. And yes we do! she just said: there she is. eeeesh. or wait. no. whatever. (see i am learning.) 
@jessleedham tell me about it, i cant wait til sunday to stalk them 
@NaniWaialeale oh wait u cannot sleep yet it's kgmb time 
@xRYLEx nice! cant wait to see it 
yes! it's done! ready to eat! wait i'll just eat first! 
@MYFUTURELIES no not yet, getting them 2morrow! cant wait  x
yayyyy my babii is coming on friday i cant wait!!! 
#mw2 i just cant wait for the glock!!! thats all i want and need 
hey smile, i wont to get chineses eyed, cant wait til the wine starts 
@kayteejay6 hahahahahahaha yesssssss cant wait lol and i miss you too  xoxox
@van94 well, cant wait for new moon. 
@mileycyrus because there are many big fans of u who wait for u to come to indonesia especialy me...hahahaha     
@cottonink cant wait to see it 
in school..... cant wait to see mi love today..... 
i got miles to go for my bday, cant wait to read it ahah 
@ppittman hehehe wait until we get back from the beach, then we will talk about hurting 
@jordanknight good way to celebrate your 40th cant wait  glad to have You'all home  missed u xoxo
Leverage was worth the wait 
@RobPattinson_ cant wait for new moon!!! you should be dead proud, you are ace as edward!  xxx
@JayRathbone_ hey  didn't really have anything of substance to say...just your great  cant wait till you almost savage bella in new moon
in school ahaha cant wait till after &lt;3 
I love my aunt and my jessjess! And i cant wait until july 5th 
omg blink 182! j/k cant wait to hear the interveiw portion 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5o0ze - eeeek cant wait!! 
@mikadee12 heeeey!  can`t wait to see you on monday!
my brain is about to burst...aahh cant wait till the weekend 
Yay i cant wait to see you tommorow 
ahhh... fridaY... crazy weekend... cant wait to spend it with all my friends!!! 
@brandonwronski tooooo drunk, wishing you a happy birthday. cant wait to see you guys next thursday at chain 
@ccmatthews yeah I saw, cant wait too! when I move to europe the 1st thing imma do is go 4 one of his concerts. 
@helenxgx i cant wait either wooooo! no college for a week 
@jamesacannon last 1 today jim...cant wait 
@lancearmstrong i cant wait to be in milan in august 
sometimes, it's worth the wait. 
@steeverington well worth the wait!!  Looks good...
http://twitpic.com/5oloq - cant wait  summer 09
@maheshmurthy and you're extrapolating responses of arnd 150 ppl to 370mil.  wait till the startups who pitch to you hear about this :p
shower then actually doing my hair...cant wait to show it off!  
goign to the zoo to see some monkeys tomorrow, canny wait 
@FUCKCITY i cant wait to see you. I WUV YOU. 
@lileandrayu21 It sucks. :| We shall all just wait for his songs to come out. 
only 12 more days till my man is home  cant wait wish  it would go quicker
just eaten chips  still hungry....might make some toast  woo cant wait till tomrow. im going to alton towers 
@officialnjonas nick, i cant wait till you come to houston  And i loved you at the houston live stock rodeo
@Hicksdesign Wait until the comunity sees it  I'm already excited...
short workday then the wk end begins  cant wait for cland w/ my D &amp; to see all my peeps there!! gonna be a fun one!
@gina_pina_14 Sounds good to me  I have work at 7 so thinking I should at least wait till then till I start, although I really should stop
ughh I hate sko0l, cnt wait for summer, imma be doin big things 
Fucking coursework &gt;.&lt; cunty clunge cunt. Cannot fucking wait for summer  i'll take everyone out to get shitfaced 
@FrankieTheSats good to hear it! excited already!!!  cant wait to see 'Chasing LIghts'...my fave song.
@mydakini from my last two pics you would think I NEVER had any hair!!   Wait for the third it will change that thinking! 
11/12/09 - LILY ALLEN, cardiff ;) can i wait? ... nope 
i cant wait 2 c clio. im goin 2 make her feel like a queen when i c her. anyway off 2 shower and get ready 4 her 2 get here. 
@danashindig i hope you like coffee  lol  cant wait to see you in november!!
i miss my godchild  i cant wait to see her 
@davidryanmusic oooh cant wait. Its going to be amazing! 
@AladinSane who you calling an achievement 'ho?  :-p  oh wait, that WOULD be me!  
has bin havin fun with fred! n cant wait for next week!! 
@JulianoSoFresh gooooood luck my love.. cant wait to see you toniiiiiight!! 
@SeraphimLove cant wait to meet u as well lovely lady! 
@SongzYuuup...cant wait to hear that 
@Jeffarchuleta Wait, is it true or no? Makinsey seems to think you're joking. I'm confused! Haha 
@oneicychickett I can barley wait until you get back  I want to spoil youuuuu
@mike_chavez waking up early is for old people  wait a minute, I have to get up early too. 
@lakers cant wait til game five tomarrow. i believe u guys can step up and do this! the fans are with u! 
@TickleMeJoey hey!!  cant wait for your concert!!  ill be there! 
@Vpinard LOL  we both got a good taste in music..he's mad talented.. cant wait for his cd to drop n the mix tapes..
@AvaAd0re cant wait to see you,  night babe love
@scarletty24 i'm so glad you've discovered the twittery goodness that is @YasmineGalenorn... wait til you read her books!!! 
#3stalkerwords i cant wait 
@skrzydlinski i love u melski!!! cant wait until friday!!! it wont get here soon enough!!! ughhh  143
tonite was fun! cant wait til 2moro 
birthday tomorrow cant`t wait 
@mackenzie_ann i wish it was 2 weeks but i cant wait to see you and haley!!!! 
Oranges are awesome payday is tomorrow which means new dresses and allstar  cant wait too stoked
the higher was SO amazing just as i expected ;) seth and the rest of the guys are awesome, cant wait for the new album 
i got my new moon wallpaper. cant wait for the movie 
listening to the rain fall down. cant wait for kirsty to come around later 
@TheSims3 well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna realized at once! I guess it's worth the wait! 
well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna released at once! I guess it's worth the wait! 
@georgesampson and on gmtv this morning. you are so sweet! i cant wait to see you on tour in glasgow hope your exams go well  x
@shanedawson YAYAYYAYAYAY cant wait  better be good *shakes fist*
