Most common words for this cluster:
[('want', 385), ('http', 21), ('day', 19), ('com', 17), ('work', 16), ('home', 16), ('today', 15), ('time', 13), ('amp', 11), ('something', 10), ('quot', 10), ('tomorrow', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Want', 0.9927245378494263), (u'Need', 0.7020004987716675), (u'Got', 0.6705264449119568), (u'Can', 0.6593316197395325), (u'Wanna', 0.6474260687828064), (u'Get', 0.6371250152587891), (u'Say', 0.6177123188972473), (u'Have', 0.5952531099319458), (u'Hate_Them', 0.5841394662857056), (u'Harder_Than', 0.5686912536621094)]





Need some help?! Want to buy a Macbook pro, but still inlove with my old powerbook! 
dancing with myself.... I'm not Emo!!! Want to write a song.... 
@empiremagazine You are not following me anyway so no probs. Want to be followed, so lonely  lol
Is feeling extremely sick.  Have a banging headache and I fear I am going to see my lunch again.   Want my bed.
Want to make a breakfast burrito but I'm out of cheese. 
@g33kgurrl Your discussion looks really pertinent &amp; interesting. Want in, but have so much to do 
Want to listen to The Point 
had a really, really strange dream. Want to call M but I'm too proud. If dreams mean anything, he doesn't seem so well and I'm worried. 
Want to play, but need to work 
Slept well and late , going out with the fam for lunch, minus grandparents.  Want to listen to a UOGB song that I don't have 
NOOOO !!!!! Want to have Holidays 2 weeks more 
back from Greece... Want to go back 
@Jams727 It's getting colder here  I have to wear over coat again.... Want summer to program at balcony
Doesnt Want To Go To College.  Bad Tymes
Want to be sleeping but my dumb nose just started bleeding 
Tired. Want to go back to bed  with love. Always.
Want to eat sandwich. Sadly no place nearby which sells sandwiches 
Want to join gym but has no money, wants Aaron to be here so I can look after him but he's 6 hours away  
Want to sit in the garden but its quite borin on my own 
Already home, working at SGH in the morning.  Want to sleep in...
on the train to work again n really cba 2day!!  Want my bed 
@ChubbyGayMan nothing much.im going to watch Hannah Montana  tomorow... Want to watch origins  you??
Want to get out and get some #dailyexercise but the weather is very changeable.  Gotta get out....
Bored now! Want to be outside in the sun 
At home relaxing eith my kids...Want to go to the park, but it looks like rain 
At home relaxing with my kids...Want to go to the park, but it looks like rain 
@rjreid The latter. Want to go out but have no money. 
Want to write in icq with friends but no one is online 
Want to eat korean food.... The only kfood i have is kimchi... 
I'm emailing some pics from today to my mom, then heading off to bed. Gotta start out in the morning back to Missouri  Want to stay here!
Aww it is such a nice day.  Want to go out but must revise! 
Less than an hour to go... still got a lot of grass to cut... Want to be listening to the pre-match commentary 
Want a hot water bottle. 
Awake. Not hugely impressed by this. Want more sleep dude. 
@kimberley_ Want to go to Melbourne  need to find me a job so i can 
@missdaisymusic LOL yes i know that!!!  that it didnt fit. Want me to see if the boys have a bigger size when i see them friday???
Sick.  Want to stay in bed and watch TV.
Want to train... 
Want to change my tweetname, but my real name doesn't fit. And no it's not 140 characters...    What now?
I have a really bad stomach ache this morning.  Want to go back to bed.
Stuck at work. Want to be home with the kids.  Stupid paycheck.
Want to go to Baguio tomorrow but have a week full of appointments.  http://plurk.com/p/uc1ps
Why does it have to rain today?  Want to go out on my motorbike 
Want to go for a walk, but the weather is kinda shitty... 
Want to go to target! Don't want to drive 90min to get there 
Want to sleep more...  and the weather is cloudy today...
I so sad and heartache. Want to cry. 
@CarleyLoveHeart bitch so jealous. Want to see u before u go not enough time, never enough time 
Want your dreams and nightmares analyzed? follow @jackimari and ask.  She is amazing and insightful. I just twittered her my nightmare.  
i feel ill. Want to go home but got stuff to do today. 
Want my headache to go away. 
Hungry. Want to eat hotdog 
@amykate returned a hire car to Bracknell this morning... meant I had to be up earlier than normal  Want to go back to sleep now
Want sun .... 
i dont want to have exams..I hate this university-periode.. :S F*ck..  Want somebody help me?Please..Thx
Most irritating: All the Excel formulas are different in the Dutch version of the program.  Want =SUM!  
Want to rec my mixes but can't figure it out for some reason - having a really dumb day  Bah!
Butter cream, ice and lollipops. Want a cold rock 
On train to Torquay. Want to nap but is not happening. 
@iLoveMyE71 I'm hungry. Want to eat la 
Want to get through my to do list so I can head down 4 more of #postdigital but its not getting any smaller 
Want's to be with her so much  x
@vimoh @subatomic I guess truce is more important. Want corrupt people to be kept out, but keeping them in check is the next best 
Off 2 do few things  Tough fibro day  Want to take flag/flowers 2 my folks grave Last yr I bot a gr8 pot of flowers that held thru OCT
Just woke up. Want food. Cannot has. 
Want real food not cold soup and ice cream 
Too tired. Want back to bed 
Prision break is over  Want to see LOST and Heroes now...
Want to get my hands dirty with FubuMVC. http://bit.ly/J00ha, but the document is not yet complete 
Want to get my hands dirty with FubuMVC. http://bit.ly/J00ha, but the documentation is not yet complete 
Bloody servers are down at work for at least 3 hours. Want to go home now! 
Want 2 transfer my Naini trip pictures 2my comp so I can upload thm on web bt i dnt hv my USB  Snt few via multimedia @ 5 Rs/pic. Expnsiv!
Ug. Full of cold and in a dark pub. Want to go outside 
Bitter sweet moment... Want to leave but have nothing to go home to... 
Want to hang out with beth and tenaya and their hubbys tonight....but jon wants to hang out with some other people 
in Mallorca. Want to play guitar   When i come home I'm going to buy the mcfly dvd first :]]
Want to get a Blackberry but can't afford it  . Just watching the telly and relaxing. Hard sesion tomorrow.
Damn it's warm. Want to stay out the back garden to protect the doggie from the bastards next door. 
Soo tired! Feel worn out. Want to go to sleep but gotta go back out 
Want: To play Sacred 2... Reality: Spend all day at the hosp... 
Want to go to jesse's already. I'm sick of sleeping alone.  i love you jesse
Want to go out for walks - but got sore feet from yesterday. I doubt a 10-mile hobble would be a good idea 
Why would ANYONE Want to make such a horrific, pointless, idiotic, and perverting movie!? Sooo sad 
No shoots again today  Want to try a new location. Anybody want to get shot today....takers call or email pronto!!!
Want some warburtons 
Want a glass of wine but have a too much sun headache so don't think i should 
Looking at more houses to buy tomorrow. Want to see 'Up'. Jen has headache 
@CreativeStu a little rocky, started my day at the doctor, feeling much better now though. Want to get out and play in the nice weather 
Want to go to California NOW! ;) / 
Would someone turn the wind down olease?  Want to eat outdoors  
@angelajames *cries* Want strawberry cheesecake. All I have are a few leftover off-brand chocolate eggs from Easter. 
Want to go back to #zaxbys despite the incredibly bad service I got last time 
Bored now. Want to go home and sleep. 
Morning Tweeple, been up for ages already  Want to play inFAMOUS but TV has been commandeered by my daughter for early handy manny &amp; such.
Want toast and jam! No bread though 
and mY quetsion mark butTON aint workin properly either  I Want A new laptop 
Jammed my thumb yesterday. It hurts  About to head out and do some violet work. Want to get at least 5 more started. . . .
@ShizumaTaka Depressed. Want to go out for a walk but don't wanna go on my own. 
I'm one big bug bite.  and ohhh so exhausted. Want to stay but it's time to go home  see you again soon hick ville!
revising waste management strategies throughout history. Want to be outside with all the bikini clad others 
Want to be back at the beach 
I hate the time difference! Want to watch the mtv movie awards but that means I have to stay up till 5am x.x! damn 
@scribb The open world thing bites me in the demo. Want to explore but it kicks me with the &quot;abandoning mission&quot; crap  So, need full game!
Want to go to luush. Craving Rockstar soap. none left 
Bored now.  Sleepy but cant sleep.  Want snacks but shouldn't pig out.  Want to swim but no suit.  Need a distraction 
@KeithMelton99 Shiny new stories  definitely distracting.  I refuse to work on latest shiny til I get revisions done.    Want new story.
Want more friends on my BBM. 
A little sad... Want celebrities as friends but it would be nice if they talked to me... Going to bed now... night.    I &lt;3 followes
I don't know how much the bus fare costs these days! Want to walk in morning sun really, but not enough time 
Orders all packed up, onto the next task! Want to be back outside in the sunshine 
Want to read but i have to revise noooooooooooooooooooooooo. stupid tests and i am not even in year 11 
http://twitpic.com/6e5vy - @treenalove212  Want some hugs?
I am not liking the new hammers away kit. In the process of trying to set out my shitting email account. Want to be outside 
@andyjpowell I think I may be slightly more tragic. Want to come around and make me a cuppa? Warning: I may have swine flu 
http://bit.ly/PmvRY   I Want David to Be No.1 Too. 
@Pixl1983 I got the Bobba Fett one a few weeks back. Tis nice. Want a stormtrooper one but sold out when i paid 
I'm seeing double  Want sleeeep.
@rickoshea Any news on the Transformer 2 comp? Want to get out in the sun but no batteries in the radio 
Any good remedies for mosquito bites? Got some nasty ones over the weekend. Want to scratch my leg off. 
Want to migrate with the colder weather!! 
Want to go and enjoy the remainder of sunshine but doing at least 4 people's jobs today due to vacation. Pretty much last in the office 
Watching cartoons with Floyd. Want to bake something but no flour 
@thomasfiss Damn, my fave highway are so great! Want to be there too! 
@Ste1987 I know, it was so beautiful - unfortunately I am home now!  Want to go back!
Want to see why we DON'T post paparazzi pictures, this is why. INSANE.    http://bit.ly/1vNSA
Want a MacBook soo much 
Ahhh, it's going to be 98 in Austin, this weekend.  Want to wear cute sweaters.  
Want to watch TV b4 dinner, but got two shows recording on the tivo, jonnkate+8 for me and WWE something for D, must wait 4 them 2 b over 
Oh yeah. Want proof that we are amidst a recession? There were actually several $10 blackjack tables at Bellagio. Hard times.. 
Want a starbucks frapp 
@MsReign ha ha is straight. Want to watch a movie but DVD player broke  . So how was ya weekend?
Want my bf to come home i getting lonley now  i could never live alone i would go crazy
Where do you write?  Want to know so badly. So much.
Want to finish bio and health earlyyyy 'cause I got banquets and stuff to do after school this week. 
Want's to work on his android app all day, but instead has a day of meetings and wrestling with SSIS 
Bored. Want to go beach. Don;t want to go alone. 
Its 3 am in the morning!...and I'm sick &amp; can't sleep. Want to go work on eq'n drums but I'm too weak to get to my laptop 
Naps are great! Want to hit the beach but i have 2 get work done  seems irrelevant amongst constant tragedy. Lifes too short Be Good
Want to go and sit in the park but am dying of hayfever today. Need docs appt to get the real drugs back 
Feeling like crap... Want to spend 3 days in bed 
Want to die. There is not a part of me that isn't sore, and i've got two hours of taekwondo today. And tomorrow. And thursday. 
@MsJuicy313 Awww...  Want me to come clean
Want to sleep but an upsdt stomach is getting the better of me. 
Up early, waiting for the taxi to the station to go back home &amp; into work   Want to stay here for an extra night.
@mitchelmusso In Spain has not come out!  I Want your CD !!
wants to go back to TO  at least I am sketching again s'pose....Want to play more with colour &gt;&lt; need to clear up room to do it D8
doing call answering all day, meant to be working on a publishing job but have heavy head cold and feel bleurgh  Want to be in bed!
back into work but don't think I'll be able to handle it tomorrow either. Want a change of scenery!! 
@ejwc @trimurls I heart tr.im. How do I view older tr.im URLs past 250? Want to delete some but can't see 'em.  Thx in advance.
Want to cry my throat hurts so badly! 
@donnieshostess no email  what address did u send to? Want to work w us at our real job?
Tired at work. Want to go home and sleep and hang out with all my friends in Ohio that I miss 
Tired. Want to shop but need to save money for next weekend  debating venturing out tonight..hmmm
Nebody headed 2 ICT this aft.? Want 3 hitchhikers? promise, 2/3 of us r cute &amp; entertaining! Hubs can't run us to airport   - work crisis.
Want to exercise but surgeon says i'll rip the stitches 
Want something fun to do  !!!
Making split pea soup tonight.  Want to get started nownowNOW, but then it'll be cold for dinner. 
Frustrated by feeling sick.  Want to do things and enjoy the weather, but I can't.  
So f****ing bored ! Want my guys &amp; my girlzzz here in Paris ! 
Twassed. Want to be checking on @samantharonson and all that jazz but sadly bed is more appealing - oap alert 
Want a new shirt too, but I doubt I'll find one in the time I've got.  Wish I'd bothered having my vintage suit altered.
Want to do something special for my parents and grandfather but don't know what.  Argh!
Want very bad to be able to go to  a McFly Concert 
Want to vanish inside ur kiss,everyday I love u more n more. Seasons may changes, winter 2 spring, but I love until the end of time... 
Tired. Want to stay in bed 
Want to watch #F1 qualifying, but really ought to carry on revising. 
Uuuaaahhhh i am so fucking tired. Want to go back to bed, but i have to drive to the city now...  s'up everyone???
@shanedawson  I Want the new vid!!!...........  ..
Hey I am going to Lake Compounce Tommorow and Want the Sims 3 !!!!! 
@Xanxus4ever Want to, yes.  I can't, though.  
Long day at work. Want to relax.. But cant 
Want Palm Pre  but can't  get        x2 waaaaa
You've reached your limit of 35 userpics. Want more? lol sadness 
I am hungry now. Want kebab.  Delhi sleeps at 9 am. Dhush!
Want to talk to JJ. 
Omg...2 am  Want to go home and go to bed.
Want a lovely island vacation...then do NOT visit any of these..scary stuff  http://digg.com/d1t6WK?t
@wearephoenix Want that! But can't justify it when I've already bought the album. Unless I get a winfall from somewhere. 
I hate Sundays! These days are soo boring  Want do something!
@JessicaViberg mee tooo  Want a blackberry soo baad !!
@McFLYFan_Katie yeah only once  Want to see them again!! xxx
Want to get out of town, have never wanted to more. And this time I've actually got the cash, all i need is the time 
feeling sick. Want to projectile vomit, but nothing's coming out. 
Band shower room tv has pitbull rehabilitation program on. I am paralyzed with devistation. Want to adopt all the abused dogs. 
Want to see NFG again! 
Want to go shopping!!! WHOA!!! I haven't looked for job in L.A. for like a week 
Want to go London  Haven't been there in 5 years, but I really want to go there again sometime
Want to see cin' before august 7th.  hope to see her in the end of june... ?
Dieting makes me want to stab someone. Not dieting makes ppl want to stab me with a fork. Quandary. Want to be hot again. 
Want to go home. Tired. 
Want to be back in london  http://bit.ly/IxEBQ /video/video.php?v=187551735455&amp;subj=876005455
Want SW results 
 having a down moment! I think i need sleep! Totally Want to work my but off at something i believe in but don't think i ever will...
Want to watch underworld with hunnie but ps won't read disc 
Want's to know why my 'Twitter' isnt working on my phone??? 
@dlead @anhhung &quot;Want&quot; only, not buy 
Want to go back to the beach.. Weekends are toooooo short 
Want to go for a run/walk, but whatever I did to my calf is making walking painful.  Where did I put my heating pad? 
Listening to newest Chariot album. Want tour dates so much 
Want's to go on a random road trip 
Anyone...: Want to go to work for me today??  I hate it and really dont want to go  lol http://url4.eu/ECY
Feet hurt. Tired. Want @raingirllori home so we can cuddle and all sleep better  *hugs @raingirllori*
Home  Want :'(
Want to sleep but can't sleep; and now working on reports &amp; projects instead. Boooo! 
Want to go home... Feel very uncomfortable here... 
Want to go on a space-trip, away from this maddening chaos that the Earth has become  !!!
Does anyone know of a male-oriented version of chiconomise.com? Want to look good damnit, but don't have the Cash Monet 
Want to get down to some artwork today but have visitors at lunchtime so my day is already messed up 
@PiousKnob  Want me and Pembroke to kiss it?
LAUNCH DAY! Go out and get your busting on! (via @GhostbustersVG) Want it 
Really tired of feeling horrible. Want to go out and enjoy Montreal but feel too bad. 
Want to run, but my knee hurts 
Want to meet JLS! grr  (L) &lt;3 xxx
Have aquired car keys. Want this car so much! I look so pretty behind the wheel 
Want to go home  *he* is definitely trying to keep me cheered up tho
Want to watch the CMA's but the husband want let me 
Waiting for the day to pass, miss my boyfriend. Want hm to be home. 
Want to sleep but louis has other ideas sadly  he's been so good resently as well!
@anibunny  Want some of that pink stuff?
So tired!! Want to go to bed but lights don't go out until 1:30 
@tijs Sadly we will have to wait a little longer here  Want to get my hands on a 32 Gb one.
Want to go out fridae night but hav no I.D     lol
Another 2 hour offsite presentation. Want to be home killing zombies, not sat amongst them. 
@londontaximan I keep checking but nothing yet on the software.  Want to know the fixtures too, come on people get a move on.
Is boring in China ! Want came back home ! 
Suppose I'd better get showered 'n' stuff. Want to go back to bed for an hour, but can't. 
the sun is shinhg and I sit in my room and work on a presentation and essays...Want to be an Ernie right now 
@babygirlparis http://twitpic.com/7ia6v - I Want those chocos 
Want MY car!  Nick if you break...
Want to see him 
is feeling very sick  Want to get in bed but have so much I must do!
Want to reinstall anyway, but can't find my Leopard disk. 
Want new OS  have to wait til home :p stupid gym cancelling procedure
Want to put the top down but it looks like rain 
@sarah1leonard I Want Some 
@RusticaPhilly Not tonight but soon.  No $ and huge lunch. Want to be hungry for your delicious pies!
So unbearably tired  Want to nap but am waiting on plans and stuff... maybe I can tell people to call and wake me...
@typeamom Is #typeamomcon kidscon going to be going on the WHOLE time momcon will be?  Want to go but will have to go sans hubs/sitter 
I could have been spending all kinds of money tonight but instead...I'm making it. Want those Diesel clothes however 
POUNDING headache. Want to blog, we'll have to see if this goes away. 
Thanks to @icblues I am now remembering the times when I still play KOF. Want  http://community.livejournal.com/kingoffighters/
Want to go on a walk but back is still messed up 
I feel like cryin. Fuck! Miss my baby. Want my smile.  {WeDoItLikeItsLegal&lt;3}
Want to be with my collin.  -SummerNights-
Want a holiday but there's not enough time!!! 
Want's the Jailbreak to hurry up, im sick of having no apps 
Just finished keying-in all the data. Want to run some preliminary tests. Spinning head from little sleep last night. 
@ellyn_mei It kind of is, I guess, but it's actually just so lovely  Want to see?
Want's to go out but no1 is out 
Want to see pigeons eat sick....? Of course you do, so come to Dundee ! 
Feeling ill! Want to go to bed but looking after the girls 
Want my hairs back. Immediately. Soon. Argh. 
ack, 14 pages away from being done w/Models Don't Eat Chocolate and at work now. Want to finish but our big manager is sitting across me 
@mizanthropicx Want to trade for some Memphis heat &amp; humidity? 100+ heat index this week.  have a wonderful, cool and blessed day!
Want to sign up for my next historical dance class, but I'm too early 
Want the busy days to be overrr!!! Have PT in 45min .. for d'first time I don't feel like it 
Want to watch the cricket 
I...really, really want a shinigami costume. And a big sword.  Really. Desperately. Want!
Want to check the status of my Apple order, but the site refuses to cooperate 
Awaiting boos return, can't wait. Want a cuggle 
 Want to be at meet up again
Want's to go to Orlando with Brittany but i can't      
Want to go to the concert tomorrow 
Want to go home right now 
Want to play Infamous, but can't. It's too late. 
Cu~ute!  Want http://bit.ly/11bbt8
Want to build more burning things now rather than be at work 
Boring boring... Want to go home and draw a greeting card. But must be here at the seminar and listen about hospitals... 
Want's a god damn iPhone  i hate not knowing where i'm going to be living for the next 18months...
Want to do something, but I don't remember what it is. 
Want Lil wayne - rebirth NOW 
@SnowWhitePlus76   I don't have a third round today... didn't have time to create.  Want HardAss question?
@mamaice I don't get help from anybody with my gma  .. I know .. Want some cheese with that wine!!! Lol
at work I Want to go to the cube eventttt 
Bored.  Want me a job   SEND ME TO BOOT!!
Want to go surfing  weather is perfect.
@adamisarockstar I realize some people actually LIKE Want, but I think it is not indicative of anything Adam plans to release, and so. 
My boss just picked up his 3GS....Drool. Want.. 
So hungry! Want to go to jamils fish fry but its in far ne &amp; i have no car 
Want to go to bed, but its to hot. I cant sleep without air conditioning and a fan in my face. This sucks 
The heat is killing me. I'm so sweaty and hot. Want to take a shower, but got a fear of fainting again 
I feel like I have no one to comment.  Want me to comment on your blog? Let me know!
Have to go to office.  not in mood at all. Want to sleep.
Want to play Crackddown, but I'm too tired...  
going to work. I'm sooo tired.. Want back to my warm bed 
Would like to change my username in fb.. Want it to be uniform  but it's not possible
@angeldust_x I was thinking other day how cold &amp; crap the weather is! Want to wear my dressed/skirts/sandals but too cold 
@steve5424 I so want it, but I dunno if I can wait til then! Guess I will have to though...  Want a new phone, bored with mine already.
1 week without coffee. Want to try drinking it again, still afraid of barfiness happening if I do. Stupid medicine. 
@afrobella Nooo, I couldn't make it. I'm so sorry I had to miss your party last night. Want @tiadantzler to come there to see you. 
Tomorrow: need to find clothes for school, and buy a blanket in Ikea. Want to go to church too, but don't know wht time it starts 
@gaara46 I'm with ya on that. Want level of working out_very low 
@ work. Want my arm to get better already. Want to go to six flags this summer. Want to go swimming also  not being able 2 do anything ...
Want to see Year One and The Preposal!! 
Want my dad back! fathers day tomorrow and i miss my dad 
Still got another hour to go or something. Want my bed 
Babysitting. No food here. So hungry. Want pasta 
Want to watch the news, but want to sleep more...can't sleep yet though as the dishes are still not done.  
On my way to Girls State. Want to come home already 
Want to get on the Aion beta badly 
Home. I really don't like it when church feels like such a chore....  Want to be passionate and live life to the full!
Want pancakes 
Want vacation, need vacation..... but it is 4 weeks away 
Want to be desigining in the sunon my day off. Instead it's ranining and I'm in the basement away from human contact.  I need a drink. -r
Want to go swimming 
Want to watch the proposal 
Want to go play in the rain but i've only just washed my hair  boooooooo
@MsJuicy313 Awww  I'm sorry boobear! Want me to have a talk with him on some serioush isht?
Want to go to a ASP concert!!!  I hate to live in these f***ing village...
running really late for work...and don't care.  Not very motivated right now.  Want to ride and the bike's dead     Need to get moving...
Want to eat.. craving for famous amos 
Want to like/use PeopleBrowsr, but can't take the @ reply storms ... only want to see my @ replies, not all my followers. 
Hmmm timer just ran out on the treadmill desk.  Want to keep going but I should probably take it easy on the feet. 
Want a new phone 
To be ill is so boring  !!!! Want to go to work tomorrow 
Want a baseball team back in Montreal... I miss it 
Want to play Rohan 
@SpadeMusic haven't been able to sleep the last couple of days.....   Want to sleep...can't sleep.....
In bed ill, not ill ill, just a migrane...feel exhausted! Want to be in school, hate letting them down... 
At home. Have to work 9:30-8:30 today.  Want to sleep forever.
 work in two hours . Want to stay home and dance and sing along to the music
Want to go to the pool---but I don't have a swimming suit that fits this extra large version of my body. sad 
Want's to go back =/  But weather is fiiine today, so I'll be outside all day 
Want to shop at http://www.onlyoz.com.au/ but after they where mentioned on telly the site is dead 
@sidarok No, I'll send it to anyone who asks for it. Want a copy? 
@mpukRob :o Score! Want a pic with him for sure 
That's just wrong!! Want me to bring you some? 
is glad to wear red instead of powder blue today. Want to avoid hostile looks in Sooner country. 
@deb8998 I think I'm getting the hang of it.   Hey, we NEED to go out soon!  I'm getting cabin fever!    Want to do something?
http://twurl.nl/ymclee  Want this! 
Scattering pictures of my new design all over my website. Want to check it out? Go to www.studiokaydesigns.com/encore.htm   
Want to be able to do a 'photo of the day' but also have the option of having just a text blog entry when the mood suits 
@philipfh Sure.  I'll let you know.  Want to organise some folders before I go. 
@emilye20 you should put a picture of you!! Want to study with me later? 
@susieraab Oooo take a picture!! Want to see 
Some idiot is sending me abusive texts. Want me to post his number? 
Why not!!.. @scottcampb :Some idiot is sending me abusive texts. Want me to post his number? 
@IdahoNews taking the girl on her first 5k, nothing big just a jog   Want to go trail running tomorrow later maybe too, good luck w/ur run
Want to see what I cooked for my guests last evening? http://tinyurl.com/csr3f2 
&quot;All apps are up to date&quot; pfft. Want #twitterrific 2 now! 
Want A Magic Carpet 
Want to see what I had found using Pounce Undiscovered??? Check my blog!  http://iheart-retronana.blogspot.com/
@RobinTWP It's up to @stephsmith - I would tend to say &quot; only if you liked I Want to Believe&quot; 
@garkbit What's the URL for the piccies? Want to have a nosey for some folks! 
Want to feel better? Let the government saturate your drinking water with lithium!  http://tinyurl.com/crktrk
Mind on.. :-X .. Missing someone is a guarantee when your down for em  Want you by myside &lt;3
Want to cut my hair as Lightning 
is Want to make a knitted bird house? http://tinyurl.com/cuzxyq  http://plurk.com/p/rkyfo
@arikhanson @dremaniac It's one of reasons for hitting the road. Want to take time out this year and meet *you* and document it up 
Want's some icecream 
via @ElisabethKuhn: Want to save money?  Get weekly how-to tips at http://www.SaveMoneyAllYear.com 
@parislisbonne I'm glad you liked it   Want more?
@cfree123 No worries..  Going to ABP right now. Want something?
@WeddingRadio Want to learn how to make flowers???? 
@wicked12 So, the official transition from Donathan to Danathan has occurred?  Want 2 sell me ur shirt? 
@stan1000 31 i think which was joint 17th  gav et al came home with 25 points. Want more sleep
i need a replacement twitter dad. Want to be it. 1st 1 to @reply me will get the position.good luck 
I have some definite opinions on the quality of valet parking in The Bahamas. Want to hear them? 
@bydahway happy birthday. Want to go to a depeche mode concert? 
talking to zainab on webcam woop woop. Want my addy? send me a direct message 
@misschelseamae Want to form a club? Probably healthier than toxic rebounds....  We could even create a facebook club!
Want to take a big breath in a whole new way - SEE VIDEO - http://tinyurl.com/dfnu2b  Enjoy 
Want to take a big breath in a whole new way - SEE VIDEO - http://tinyurl.com/dfnu2b  Enjoy 
@direngrey Just keep on updating and more people will follow. People Want to know what you're doing! You're not annoying anyone! 
Taking a poll: @ H/Dressers 2morrow &amp; not sure wot 2 do w/ my hair. Want 2 grow it but do I stay blonde or go darker? Wot do U all think? 
@anna_samara yeah but you don't have tim tams. Earl grey is nothing without them. Want some? 
Want Make a Sign... WHAT?! WHY?! tweet tweet... 
@tjlefebvre I did that drive about ten yrs ago by myself in about two and half days - crazy shit  Want to take partner &amp; child this time
Want some #techno for the weekend?Go to http://www.djskelp.com for downloadable mixes 
Morning everyone. The weather forecast is promising me a very sunny weekend. Cannot wait. Want hot weather NOW! 
@vnesnz The one I played right after your Beyonce song. Look in &quot;home&quot; on Blip, lol And who's being rude to you? Want me to beat 'em up? 
Cast on 4 my lace stole in the train yesterday. Want to continue it in a min. #knitpicks are really wonderful 
http://twitpic.com/61can - Mmmm.... Want SOME Ice Crreeaammm? 
Want 2nd season of kyle xy. 
@Cinequest Checking my schedule! Want to be there too! 
@iamdiddy Congrats on 1,000,000  Want to follow me I have 22 lol
@RockrFilms Will I do have some ideas for vids! Want to hear? Cuz they are funny!!  LOL!!
@danielboys How goes it in prep for the new home? Haven't seen the show in a while. Want to pop along and see it soon. 
