Most common words for this cluster:
[('wants', 678), ('com', 70), ('p', 65), ('plurk', 65), ('http', 50), ('anyone', 19), ('sun', 14), ('likes', 13), ('something', 12), ('someone', 11), ('nobody', 11), ('im', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'wants', 0.9223503470420837), (u'want', 0.694526195526123), (u'knows', 0.651748538017273), (u'wanted', 0.6491787433624268), (u'decides', 0.6452203989028931), (u'loves', 0.6417205333709717), (u'thinks', 0.6388857364654541), (u'refuses', 0.6331260204315186), (u'PRESIDENT_OBAMA_Hello', 0.626278817653656), (u'chooses', 0.6064372658729553)]





wants to hear @seblefebvre 's song but myspace is messing with me 
wants her step brother home  im so worried, you dont even know. i hope he knows how much i care for him...
@kittCAT8 ya i was basically screwed. just rewrote it  i will seriously go with you if you want! i dont know anyone else who wants to goo!
wants a polaroid camera. 
wants to play resident evil but school and work getting in the way 
wants an iphone 
wants &quot;someone&quot; to come over here 
wants sum food 
wants twistori screensaver in desktop. 
wants his hat back 
wants her dog back 
wants to hangout with his friends 
wants a chihuahua but can't have one 
wants something to go right today!! 
wants more celebrities to come to england  .. i miss florida real bad 
wants to got and ride her horse but its too dark 
wants her shoes to stop biting 
Who wants to come play me a lullabuy? I need one 
wants to be able to write songs again.   
really needs a friend right now and wants to cry 
wants and ipod tuch  x
@M_teamemmett chantel wants to know what the random bands name is...and its not mcfly... 
wants to add a photo but they wont let me 
wants to have a new fifa lanyard.  but i dont have money.
wants to turn the clock around......  http://plurk.com/p/ozdgb
wants change her layout sii sebenernya  http://plurk.com/p/p04uf
wants to twitter but dont know how 
MANNNN my dad wants me to cut the grass... darn lol 
wants to know where the sunshine went 
wants to see flight 666 but knows it's not likely to be in the local cinema 
wants to go out. and eat a lot of foods. atleast that would make me happy.  http://plurk.com/p/p4pvt
wants a follower 
wants summer already! bike rides @ 2 in the morning, please 
wants to go for/have a picnic but theres work to do and everyone is studying  beautiful sunshine wasted 
wants more sun 
Doesnt fuckin feel good wants to go home 
hates school.... wants to go to another bamboozle concert 
wants to read as many books as he can. If only he had the resources.   http://plurk.com/p/pazfy
has insomnia and wants to go back home and sleep 
wants to be in love 
wants to fall in love  snif.
I just don't feel good. And melissa wants to take me to the doctors but i don't want to go. 
wants to play with makeup but has no makeup to play with 
@NinjaSarah probably brooke. I would go with peepz but I doubt anyone wants to go out again.. 
wants to go out and have some fun  http://plurk.com/p/rbect
wants to know why her body thinks lager is an amphetamine 
wants a kuya.  (lol) http://plurk.com/p/rbydk
wants to go shopppppping. but i hv no money tho 
wants to go and play in the sunshine but is in revising instead. 
wants watching wolverine so bad 
borring wants too go out but no 1 out  how depressing the weathers ok but nothing too do 
wants to go out.  but has no company 
im boooooored  who wants to play?
who wants to chill at bamboozle for a few short hot hours? haha... i'm lame... i'm just kidding.. really? as if.. i wish though.. 
wants ice cream. 
so, nobody wants to help me decide?  
wants some company 
wants to go see 17 again but everyone saw it without her 
wants to watch wolverine 
wants someone to text with but she doesn't know anyone who's awake 
wants to talk to people! 
i don't think dad wants to stay another night. h8 u dad 
wants to crawl into a ball and never come out 
I think my suitcase wants to kill me. He hit me  ... 
wants to wag school so badly, but cant 
wants curly hair . humph. 
wants to go to sleep S0 bad...but this homework is calling my name 
wants her sister to get better 
loves her friends. hates studying. wants to shop. needs money. wishes to be at the beach tanning .... 
wants to go to sleep, but can't...... stupid papers 
wants/needs to take another nap 
wants to pursue something, but is afraid of how it will turn out 
wants to know what the hell is going on with christophers baby 
wants some saltwater taffy  http://plurk.com/p/rolv0
wants her boyfriend back 
wants a signed copy of knives. fuck britain 
wants to be able to remember things 
eating lasagne.....is there anybody out there who wants to kill me, had a really reaaaalllllyyyyy bbbbaaaaaadddd day 
wants another tattoo but lacks the fund to get one 
wants a mustard colour trenchcoat! Ques is, where to find? 
well i'm around here and there if anyone wants to or would like to tlk to me. 
I feel sick my allergies smh who wants to take care of me 
I wonder why my daughter wants to be 3000 miles away from me??  
wants NDS  http://plurk.com/p/svtjg
wants for wednesday to come.  http://plurk.com/p/svzpt
wants her sweetie back 
wants her friend back 
wants to see jonas NOW 
wants my T here, watch some movie at my living room, eat whatever, and snuggle  I miss you...
loves when people ruin birthday plans 
wants to go to bed but cant sleep!!! 
wants his links and hits back!  http://plurk.com/p/to1cp
wants to use the PC.  http://plurk.com/p/tp67c
oo my mum wants me to go there. realllyyy? im scared though, they say you have to be really self motivated and stuffff 
wants to freakin' modify my carrrr. ughhh dad! 
wants more time in the Philippines...  http://plurk.com/p/trtt8
wants hugs. 
wants to watch a scary movie but nothing is on 
wants to get more sleep...  http://plurk.com/p/u9jcm
wants a nice dinner. im starving!! 
wants all the bad feelings to go away. 
wants to leave the library now.  http://plurk.com/p/uafm4
wants ??? to say something.  http://plurk.com/p/uaj65
wants those t shirts. 
tummy upset today  hates exams and wants it's appetite back please!!! also why is it sunny when i'm stuck inside revising? boooo
wants the sun to come out. 
likes living alone...but sometimes it really gets lonely! 
wants a fire with toasted marshmellows. 
my mum wants my computer 
wants to go to warped tour 09 but no one can go! 
likes Hellotxt.com.... but only when it works 
wants to watch finding nemo! But doesnt know where it is 
wants to go home and retreat to my room 
wants to watch how i met your mother 
wants someone to come over and hang with her 
wants raw oysters 
wants that clevercss is supported native by every webbrowser 
wants to feel an earthquake......     I feel so left out.
is going to school wants to be famous realllllllly bad so i dont have to and i have a chance at a career 
wants kyler to get done with her spaying 
hello people...i'm officially studying for my official exams  who wants to die with me??
wants to wear his new sunglasses....but its not sunny  life is so unfair!
wants to know how to trust his boyfriend again... 
one wants me to be in bangalore.. one wants me to be in gurgaon for next project... hung in between schedulers 
wants to go out tonight...but no-one else wants to 
wants to go snowboarding, but can't afford it 
wants a response from all of you!!! (tears)  (unsure) (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/vgj5a
wants to watch bff. 
wants the window men to go away 
wants Starbucks 
wants to be at the beach right now, but im sick 
wants buttons 
wants nonton 'Night at The museum 2'  http://plurk.com/p/vhumr
F the t.i. thing...im still upset about nas and kelis gettn divorced!  kelis filed so i guess nas is mad and refuses 2 give her support 
@brianlogandales you should unmute it pretttyyyy please  everyone wants to hear!
wants see my friends  ;-) http://plurk.com/p/wxnwa
mary hates me again  i wana walmart it butno one wants to go
wants to smoke a cig but doesn't have a lighter. 
wants to buy really red* lipstick. But I won't wear it that often 
wants to eat baked tahong. It's been a while. Really.  http://plurk.com/p/x24ke
wants to goto lonovala for frenz wedding....bt....no transport arrngmnts wrkg out 
hates broken promises.  http://plurk.com/p/x2l3e
@Critic6881 lady thinks shes watching scrubs... delusional.  shes bailing on our plans 
wants to scream, because the damn phot won't load...I guess this default will do for now 
wants to go to falkland but cant cause of stupid exams and mtbcut are going to be there 
wants to go swimming 
wants to go see street dreams but it's not playing anywhere near here 
so yeah...i guess i dont get company this weekend  so who wants to come hang out?
wants to eat your pizza so bad 
now twitter wants to trip on me changing my background 
wants a pair of doc martens so badly 
@megobviously haha yes! a girl i work with wants to help me plan it whenever i get married, which will be never.... 
hanging with ernesto then job hunting tomorrow if anyone wants to come  
ugh is so bored. nobody wants to talk to me im sad i wanna cry 
wants to see Strong Killings tonight!  
feels for her friend @tiabrown and wants to make her all better  wish i could make it go away!
@StephBella I guess I'm not funny enough..not everygirl i meet wants to have a threesome 
wants the movie hocus pocus lol could have gotten it for $9.00 but sis didnt get it  loll
@watarigoro hmm but @rsuenaga wants to wish me dead away 
watching the simpsons because know one wants to hang with me 
wants to be out in the sunshine but it's boring on my own. 
wants to be at clothes show live 
wants to enjoy the sunshine but has to work 
wants a garden to sit out in. 
wants to be a country singer sooooooo bad!!!!1 if only she could sing 
wants to fall in love..........      
wants to see her best friend graduate 
wants a macbook 
thinks her boyfriend hates her 
is wayyy wayyy jealous of them brazilians and wants to meet mcfly againnnn  (L) @tommcfly
wants to go party but im stuck in the suburbs 
wants a good boyfriend  http://plurk.com/p/xbfoo
wants to go out of the house 
wants it to be summer for ever. 
is so bored and wants to do something killer, but everyone has plans 
wants to go and sniff some butts but cant because daddy is going out. 
is there anyone logged in who wants to talk I'm kinda bored 
wants to feed the hungry 
wants to CHRYYY!  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/xc8dh
wants to cuddle! but the teddy bear is so far away 
wants cold rock 
wants to make pancakes 
wants a huggle from the star  can't wait for her to go home tomorrow.
wants to go to the heath  why won't anyone go with me? 
Is feeling sad and wants to go to some gigs. 
wants to go to the park 
wants to sunbathe!!  but i know ill just regret it when i fry and then age about 10 years. might put a chair in the shade
's sister wants to come on ! :@  xxx
wants to enjoy the sun but is stuck in revising again! 
wants to go tae gleeeeeeesga the day, 
@gatorayd ikr, he could have gotten through after a few tries. 
wants to be in the sun so badly 
has to eat, wants to eat, but can't.  f' braces.
wants another party, but would have nothing to wear  xxxxx
wants to dance but I have no musicality 
Is hungry....wants good food...I want my mother back to feed me 
wants some chocolate milk but we don't have any 
wants this polo: http://tinyurl.com/mlz53f but it's sold out na  http://plurk.com/p/xgv7g
wants to download some music for the flight but there is nothing good.  suggestions?
wants to sleep.but its wayy tooooo hot 
wants to be back on the beach in lytham 
wants to go to starbucks! 
wants to go to another concert...a small one...preferablly push play...but they are away...so i have to wait..and i can't see phi bensen 
wants a puppy 
wants a fremantle scarf  for 
Hates school and wants to go home 
why is that the car i want everyone wants 
is cold and wants to be outside in the warm 
My mother wants me to eat 'rendang'. Nyamm.... I want it,but it's 18:36  diet mode= on
wants  to get better so much.....   ......this really sucks....(and hurts too)
wants to eat frozen ripe mangoes...  http://plurk.com/p/xn6zb
wants python-like decorators in php 
My stepmom wants me to come visit her and my dad in cali- I want to go and try to repair our relationship, but can't afford a flight. 
hates that when i have a chance to sleep in, i ALWAYS get woken up.  
wants a new puppy so bad 
tries and tries to revise but just gets distracted 
wants to learn how to ride a bike. 
wants to know where all the ben and jerries went 
wants to go home and put more aloe on her shoulders. 
wants to watch soccer on xbox live 
Is tired  and wants to go home n sleep n then wake up feeling able to do stuff
wants all er mates back together  hate itttt!
I guess nobody wants to text me today  I'm so bored right now
who wants to come give me a hug?  
wants my bed and a cry 
Also boyfriend wants to follow me around at bcon - hopefully it won't be too awkard for people I want to meet 
wants to go on vacay to somewhere warm! only in my dreams 
wants to try the new dews, but can't find them 
wants to go to the zoo 
wants her boyfriend 
wants to go to school already. 
wants a holiday so bad  http://plurk.com/p/xrdlf
@NegativeNatalie ...now I know why guys don't watch it, it is so good, but who wants to subject themselves to such sadness 
wants to see her man 
wants to live in a yellow submarine 
wants new kicks from creative recreation 
wants a mousepad with a wristrest.  http://plurk.com/p/xshff
wants to play diner dash 
Is at mums work. wants to be home; 
wants to go back to bed and not to work.  #fb
wants to know what happened to the revolution. And when's the next one coming?  
wants a wham burger 
 wants to be better and not feel this horrible about everything.
wants to keep reading but since it's almost over I'm making myself wait 
wants to watch a movie. 
wants to sunbathe outside....but is stuck in the heat trying to learn organic chemistry 
wants to be back at the beach 
wants to stay in bermondsey park with an ice pop 
wants to go swimming 
wants to be with mars, martha and carla 
it's only 9:30pm but my dad wants me to sleep already 
wants to go out in the sun! 
wants an andrex puppy  x
wants sweet and sour, or bbq, sauce and chipc 
wants to sleeeeeeeep, but cant.  im so glad its holidays soon.
wants sushi and frozen yoghurt  http://plurk.com/p/xxxo9
my sissey wants to go home. and im left alone. 
wants harry potter to come oout already 
if anyone one wants to donate a dvd player to me i won't mind.  i think mine is broke 
a little heartbroken though....my lover wants me to take them to small claims court 
I need more followers.  who wants to help me with this goal?
wants to yell, to cry, to punch somebody. Instead, she just wrote http://tinyurl.com/q9k8a3 (this).  http://plurk.com/p/y097l
is lonley and wants 2 talk 2 kellie but idk where she goey 
wants to eat but there's no food    http://plurk.com/p/y1sfi
wants to eat kinder joy and lollipops.  http://plurk.com/p/y22ig
wants a personal geek 
wants to know why if i have given up smoking b4 is it so hard this time????? grrr wish i'd never started 
wants a new backgroundd BUT gotta do hospo recipe first 
wants the sun back 
wants to go for a run but its tooooooooooo cold 
wants to play audition! 
wants ice cream...  http://plurk.com/p/y3ocg
wants to watch terminator!! but everyone seems to have already watched it 
wants lil people 
wants to start twittering...but keeps forgetting to do it 
wants cuddles 
is dog-tired and wants to go home but has to send the magazine to the printers first 
wants to cast with game sounds  but cant
wants to go out....but really cant afford it after last night 
wants tickets 
wants to write a song.  http://plurk.com/p/ypm6w
wants company.  my apartment is quiet and empty.
wants noodles 
is tired and wants to do more, but has no energy to do it... 
wants to kick his ass. 
wants to go to steph's house  blehblehblehbleh.
wants to eat Smoresss cake 
wants the sunshine back! 
sorry if i overtweet, but i have to vent my enthuisiasm somewhere and i dont think my sister wants to listen 
wants something to do other than revisee 
wants it to be sunny again 
wants to close my facebook  http://plurk.com/p/ysgft
free!!!!!but no one of my friend wants hangout with me  wkakakka
wants to cry just like a baby  http://plurk.com/p/ysp44
wants to go on holiday so badly 
wants to eat spaghetti  http://plurk.com/p/ythx3
wants the sunshine back! 
wants her photoshop back!! waaaaa   http://plurk.com/p/yukxy
wants this cold to go away 
 no1 wants to go to the gym wit me :/
wants to try slide films but i'm broke already 
wants to eat at pancakes on the rocks 
@DeniseMcClain Or  a son who thinks she knows NOTHING. 
wants to go out and have a drink.. i miss going out..  http://plurk.com/p/ywi9v
wants: school  i miss all my friends already 
Is soooo bored and freaken wants to have someone to hug  i needs a hug  xo
wants more people to join!!!!!!!!! i only have 1 follower 
wants to talk to someone 
wants to go down to the pool. 
wants the sun to come back 
Who wants to help me get Oingo Biongo back together?? I think it can be done  why oh why wasnt I born a decade earlier to witness them 
wants to go to festival but all my buddies are working....  darn growing up
wants to go to the mall!!!!!!!!! 
wants her hug 
wants to see the hang over really badly....although sad I am not in vegas anymore 
wants the sunshine back 
wants to sun bathe but no sun 
@tingting8899 if you lock yourself with no food you'll just die...and I don't think anyone wants that 
wants a t-shirt but is too poor 
is going out to eat.  wants to stay home.
wants to stay on the comp but mom keeps telling me to get off... 
wants to go to the cinema 
wants some goldfish  not the kind that are actually alive though lol.
wants some one nice and lovely 
some person named stevenlourie wants to fallow me.... kreepy 
wants a new tattoo but don't have the money 
wants her mummy 
wants to stop coughing already!!! I've tried everything and still here I am, coughing loudly, probably pissing off the neighbors  .......
wants pizzaaaaa but has no money..  http://plurk.com/p/yzrb9
wants to watch drag me to hell,but my mom won't allow me 
wants to go to church.huhu  http://plurk.com/p/z1kl0
wants to go out for dinner but there's no one to accompany me.  http://plurk.com/p/z1ltf
wants thick hot chocolate, but can't  http://plurk.com/p/z1ox3
Feels ill  wants strepsils, neurofen, longer weekend and sympathy!
wants spongebob shirts...  http://plurk.com/p/z1u3q
wants the sun to come outt 
so wants to go bak to australia 
wants her car back 
wants play basket with her friends. miss you guys 
wants to attend a prom badly  All the prettaye dresses!
@Kissmekayley dont like turtel pic me wants to b a tree  xx
wants to be with her baby now 
wants a new dobok!  http://plurk.com/p/z4uc7
wants to enjoy the sun, but has nooo plans. humph.. 
bashy let me down wid who wants to be a millionaire 
has no idea what to do today...wants to go to barns and noble...but its like 40 mins away.. 
wants more than anything to be home 
wants to go bowling 
wants her throat to stop hurting 
wants 2 hear JLS 
http://twitpic.com/6un2s - linus wants to come to ny. 
wants to go swimming soooooooo bad! 
wants a studio of his own 
loves midnight sun draft and wishes it hadnt been leaked wants to read more 
wants to go back to the lake 
lisa is stinky &amp;wants to say she cares &amp; wants to stay in touch but really she doesnt luv us!  just kidding...talking smack!
wants the new sidekick 3G. 
wants edward cullen  (the car)
wants things back to normal now please 
wants to eat dinner outside somewhere but there's no one around to eat with me 
wants to cry  why do boys have to do this?
wants a big hug 
wants to watch 27 Dresses. The site is taking forever to load 
wants him to go hut tubbing wiv me. cuz i dont feel good 
wants a leather jacket so badly  an wants to go blow all her money on clothes  even just two hundred would be good 
I am sad and single...who wants to be my friend?... 
hates it when really good plans fall through 
wants someone to take her to paris 
wants to play rockband 
Is getting ready for school and is tired and wants to jump back is bed 
wants a new puppy! 
wants tom to text her back 
is bored and wants to watch a movie  any suggestions?
is sick and wants cuddles 
wants to see her 18!..  http://plurk.com/p/1124hl
wants the meds to kick in, knock me out and stop crying 
one of my bestfriends refuses to move to ipswich cos its ' too cold '; i even offered to buy her a jumper 
wants sodaaaa. and twizzlers. and jolly ranchers. ughh. 
asks who wants to lend me alter ego 1? I think I lost mine.  http://plurk.com/p/11323f
wants to be laying out on the beach, but instead is working 
ok so she is good and wants to start modeling but no one will reply to me because i dont have any followers     So sad  not really but..
has had enough and wants to run away and hide forever... 
wants a new laptop. 
i feel so naked  wants my beard back!
wants company!!!!   (cozy) http://plurk.com/p/115osq
wants a really long nap 
wants some fun!  not good! so bored!
wants some storms 
wants to go to the concert 
wants it to be thursday 
My camera is broken   Who wants to buy me a new one?
My dad wants the computer  GOSHH hate this! want a laptop!!!!!!!!!!
wants ice cream.  http://plurk.com/p/1171f7
wants brownies tonight 
I still want that damn pizza but nobudy wants my future bastard child  ugh
that fwen who wants to b my bf is no longer seen or heard.. i feel bad for turning him down.. cause i still consider him as a fwen.. 
@simonkirkman the only person who can do my shift wants to watch the soccer too  bum.
wants to go shopping so baaad 
wants to be a verterinarian but doesnt want to major in biology. i hate math 
wants to die from embarrassment already. HAIH. 
wants my adobe flash player back! 
wants to go on ad adventure  why won't anyone let me xoxo
wants to lose weight desperately. 
wonders if anyone wants to give him a job 
wants to be a hero.  http://plurk.com/p/11ce6l
wants her dinner now but has nothing to eat 
wants a hug  lol.
@BriJette I'm gonna try, my car is down  you going? I think my friend wants to go, if she does then I'll ride w/her
wants to go to the fusion concert at sand castle but doesn't have anyone to go with 
wants another pug  xx
wants to laugh outloud &amp; need her hubby for it to happen  http://plurk.com/p/11elwo
@neoncrazed hold on just a sec my mom wants me to do somthin 
is at work...feels light-headed...is really hungry...and wants to go home and sleep. 
welsh bac is taking ages wants amsterdam to come sooner 
wants everything to be okay. 
i'm hoping @emmahutcheson wants to see the hangover (: either that or i'm stuffed 
wants to be home with her new entertainment center. 
who wants to help paint some fences i can't do it alone noooo don't make me 
wants to go swimming 
 I just heard skins music and wants skins back on 
wants a peanut butter and jelly sandwich 
i want to go to the park but none wants to go sad  im bored
#haveyouever:Had to be married (bc of situation)to someone that wants u to be as unhappy as they are? 
Is bored and wants to hang out with a friend she is also lonely today 
who wants to come over and eat popcorn with me? im lonelyyyyyyy! 
wants ice cream. and my friggin legs are sore. 
WTF happened since then?      who wants to be my gym buddy????!!!
wants new clothes already... 
@schaeferj89 nope, its to expensive. I've been trying to sell it for a while but no1 wants to buy them 
wants to go to sleep i dont feel well 
@xmonkee hmm.. it seems @davidcarrington (dev of dabr) wants to keep it that way 
my mum wants me to study animation but i want to do art though  oh well
wants to see white lies 
wants her dress to arrive before the wedding 
wants to write fiction again.  http://plurk.com/p/11jq5t
wants this adorably cute dress so badly, but is extremely broke  what should i do?
@dualwield and the video games, even though nobody wants to play with him. 
so who wants to donate me $500? stupid excess 
wants to chat to someone 
wants something to do 
wants to go to a festival for freeeeee as she has no money 
Just found out that a Dutch client wants to pre-maturely end one of the devlopment contracts 
I think my tummy wants to kill me. 
who wants to buy me an iphone? 
wants to sleep BUT has to deal with homeworks. 
wants to rest. 
wants 2 go home 
Everyone just gave up on me dat easily! How come kno one wants to talk 
wants to layout in this fab sun...have things to do though! 
wants some new clothes 
wants to find all her friends on here, but i dont think they have it 
wants shouting aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh  http://plurk.com/p/11pe4n
wants to go to go out for a beer, but nobody wants to come with me 
wants a new camera  buy me one!!
wants to fly  but there is no wing 
@toddryelliott my ipod refuses to play it! it skips over it no matter what I do! the pennacle song and I can't hear it! 
wants to buy clothes online...but is too scared they dont fit  I need retail therapy!
wants to go on a hunt in her kitchen for chocolate, but knows she'll end up being disappointed!! 
wants to meet mark, tom and travis   
@lightuptheskies not sure yet.  my mom wants to get animal control to try to catch them.   but i wanna keep theeem.
wants to go to the taylor swift concert 
wants to watch angels and demons..... 
wants to go to the beach tomorrow,but has nobody to go with. 
wants to buy moe via's cute kitty. he won't be able to take care of it though. 
wants to go to the britney spears concerts 
wants to tell his best friends he loves them...... 
My head wants to explode.  I need someone to save me, seriously.
wants ice cream 
wants to eat out but no one is available.  this is what you get when you have weekdays off.
wants a starbucks, but can't justify the price 
wants the sun to come back 
Who wants to be a prisoner in their own home?  
wants to go dancing 
wants loads of followers 
wants to parle francais. 
not even my boyfriend wants to spend time with me tomorrow. 
wants to go to the pool....  
is sad nobody wants to follow her 
just finished two more headshots...nobody wants a fantasy portrait anymore? 
not happy at all  wants to cry i hate people who are mean to me
wants to get off twitter....but is too lazy to find anything else to do... 
and now he hates me and refuses to speak to me 
@ThisStarChild but who wants to see all those scars  as for the workshop I explained there was a mixup with the slides....cough....
wants marble to come home, im worried now 
exams finished,, wants my shoes i ordered now 
wants to be roxie hart 
wants the laptop 
wants to start learing how to play guitar again. aww  sad that i stopped.
has a really nasty cough   who wants to bring me cough drops?
wants to meet all of my old friend  but i can't . :&quot;(
@mgmyself hey what's up!! nobody wants to talk to me tonight. 
wants to stay at home 
wants to go back to harbor town and buy this jacket  http://twitpic.com/71607
@alltimeblows I can't.  I have a nail appointment and it all depends on when my aunt wants to get there.
wants to hit the beach and embraces the summer vibe 
wants a blackberry.... 
wants to improve in fencing  &amp; i hope the audition for tapestry goes well tomorrow 
wants to watch a movie at empire.. BADLY 
Who wants to amputated my bag ? Its fucking killin me 
neeeeeeeds sleep  but wants to make up flat packs too.
is seriously peed off and wants summat good to happen pixie got cancelled from tomoro gig so now cant meet her bkstage  why me..
wants the womanizer necklace ! 
wants to go on holiday 
is missing her big james. wants her james clan together 
wants to come home like no other 
wants new ink really bad.  
wants to book her finland flight but i still cant 
wants to pack for the brand new tour now 
Sometimes scares me knowing that my husband is doing amazing things for the kingdom because I know satan wants to eat him alive 
wants to know y my pic won't show up.... 
wants a new car..... badly. 
wants some  more cantelope but theres none left 
wants 2 be in cork now 
wants to wear shorts tomorrwo but can't 
wants more potato chips. 
wants an iphone 
wants to go fishing again... without the catfish sting. 
wants to be at the atlanta fest 
wants to borrow someone's health insurance. 
wants to be a millionaire but ..... 
bored, nobody wants to come out and play 
So bored  Who wants to do something?
wants to scream....yet nothing is coming out 
my dad wants to take away my laptop because im using it for twiiter and not education purposes 
is really bored and wants to do something but there is absolutely nothing to do.. 
is green now, apparently. And wants to go back home 
wants to not be sick anymore! 
wants to get into thesis mode but there are just too many distractions. 
I'm so tired  , who wants to talk?? hellossoolciz-@live.com.ar ;)
hates that his phone refuses to communicate 
wants more than anything to be happy and live my life now that im 18 but it just seems like im trapped? 
wants to meet my hun   http://plurk.com/p/12cc7e
my boyf wants to charge me for the internet 
; what more could a qirl want than a niqqa who doesn't do riqht , and wants to make a fool of me , psssh  , u must be crazi , cuz iam  .
wants all this drama to just be over.  why can't it all just be done with?  ughh.. 
wants to go out but I can't go out cause I don't feel going out...  http://plurk.com/p/12dlqu
wants to see anybody live 
wants a huge ass chio shades. 
wants to do a ultimate pug, but everyone sleeps in 
wants his hair back! 
wants to sleep in again 
@cookieslagoon  I think someone wants to hurt me if you understand.
saturday night, wants to be out! so bummed she cant go to p!ink 
wants to recover and get back on the bike.... 
wants to go seeeeeee pink!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wants to find the real rachel bilson on here 
wants her old buddies back 
wants boyfriend to take care of himself please.  http://plurk.com/p/12gpbi
wants the new iPhone! 
wants To go out for an hor but has to be up at five for work  http://plurk.com/p/12hz7m
wants to watch wimbledon now please 
wants her webcam now.  arg.
wants to watch a movie in theatres but doesnt know which one 
wants to be swimming with the homies! 
wants to watch a movie... but there isn't enough time. 
wants to play the piano really bad right now but it's half past 3 in the morning  off to bed to resist temptation.. g'night twitterville!
my mom wants me to get rid of my stuffed animals.   they have sentimental meaning though...
who wants a life of lost adolescense thats filled wtih regrets and antidepressants? 
my child wants to rearange her room 
wants to go to this cookout but cant figure out how to get there 
wants to go to sleep but andre wont let him 
who wants weekends ?? am hating them .. 
is fed up and wants to jump on a plane and fly homeeeeeeeeee 
wants to go riding. i miss sparky 
wants to be at the motorcross 
wants something sweet, but can't. 
wants things to change 
wants to watch the new harry potter movie already  http://plurk.com/p/12kfsv
wants to be healed! i hate being sick! 
wants to help, doesnt know how.  | has cramps. blah.
wants new wayfarers.  http://plurk.com/p/12l2qg
wants to dyeeeeeeeeeeeee hair! 
wants to rest.. pero may meeting kami..  http://plurk.com/p/12le8e
wants you back in my life !! 
If anyone wants to know what happened with me tonight text me tomorrow I can't tweet it  goodnight guys sorry I'm being so annoying 
I am so tired of sluts  i want someone that actually cares and wants to be with me.
well best be off now! todd wants on  goodnight xo
wants to shop real badly!  http://plurk.com/p/12mx1c
Just helped le boif pack up and feeling rather dull and lonely.  Needs/wants a dog to keep me company 
wants to live in america 
wants to visit dustin and give him a huge hug 
wants to tell you all about my wierd dream. but it wont fit in the 140 limit 
wants to crawl into a hole and fall into a deep sleep 
wants to go outside, but has to learn for school. 
wants a dog badly... 
wants to go to warped tour  must go buy tickets!!
wants to go on holiday 
@rianepanic my babe wants one 
wants to follow more people but he can't... 
If there's a dude out there who wants this to be their wedding song too, then I think we could be future wifies  http://tinyurl.com/lmjz37
wants this feeling to go away 
wants to play baseball again 
wants ice cream and needs her friends 
so wants to go to Q's but    cant... ya know 'responsibilities'
wants the summer to be bright not grey 
One glasto ticket for sale, if anyone wants it.   http://is.gd/1aDSE
i must realize the difference between needs and wants  http://twitpic.com/87if9
wants to go to bed im tired but its only 9:49pm how sad 
who wants to go with me to beach chalet and cry? sigh. 
wants a latte and bagel 
wants to go swimming but doesnt want to hurt her elbows 
wants a puppy so badly 
wants to watch transformers 2 
wants to watch ice age 3 so bad 
wants to watch transformers.. 
wants to watch transformers 2 
wants to be outside!! in the sun!! not stuck inside by a desk 
wants to go workout so bad. Why are all of my friends so damn lazy 
wants np to close, like rp/nyp. 
likes cigarettes.  I should quit.
wants to buy lizas shop but cant afford it 
wants to go holiday also cannot.. 
wants to finish her homework already.  but thanks again @ayumirollan. ;]
wants to go to bed, but has a stupid headache 
wants to fall asleep 
@Foomandoonian @matthilde @jolwen Why?!?!? You have to think about the people who don't have one... and wants one!  ME!!! hehehehe
wants to go to school  I'm really missing a lot :| http://plurk.com/p/13tyh0
wants the sick feeling to go away, because i know its not cos im ill  going into taaawwn with the girls, tweet you later ;)
still running a fever, so can't nanny...who wants to help me pay rent this month? 
wants her boyfriend but hes at stinky glastonbury 
wants cuddles 
wants to go shopping 
wants my bunny bear 
so hungry.. and my mom wants us to go out somewhere with @_savannahXo.. but shes doing school, and then theres practice! 
just doesnt understand you anymore and wants to know why you changed 
that damn house wants 3,000 more than we offered...ugh...may not be too out of reach though 
wants someone to listen to love songs, and think of me 
wants to go out. dragonball evolution premiere tonight! 
wants the sun to shine so that she can go out 
@helloitsliam todd loves steps 
@SeoMemphis I'm so happy that we were able to help you out.  Who wants to give their money away?  
@MaryHogan2 force anyone or wants the whole world to convert without actually wanting to 
@stephanie525 absolutely ;) I think its just the competitor in me that wants to tie or beat the new standing family record   
wants to go shopping tomorrow.... 
wants a when pigs fly shirt 
wants someone to sleep over  and on myspace... as usall
@tueyx snow likes 
wants some peace and time 
I now be taking requests. If anyone wants a song remixed, @reply me  Might take me a while since mum takes the laptop again today.
wants to go to the beach 
wants to see this: http://tiny.cc/foodmovie and wants you to see it to! this is why organic and vegetarian is a billion times healthier! 
y r these ppl following me?is it to use me to advertise them or do they really care about this nobody here who wants to be somedbody?lol 
likes to tweet 
likes it 
@avrilchan If someone wants you just for your looks, he's not worth the time 
wants to know jujitsu 
wants to get a haircut! 
wants to look at pretty things 
@louiebaur I have to sign up! @Hennartonline wants in too. We need to discuss travel and hotel arrangements. 
@ecee maaan kari ferrell has an i love beards tattoo! she can swindle anyone she effing wants  yeh i said effing, so what?
wants to know if we can bring a guest to the leavers ball and really hopes you can so ryan can come and dance like an idiot 
likes Yngve !  He is the best !
wants tv hits. 
wants new apartment with better condition but in same price 
wants to watch spongebob right now 
wants to hang out with her friends 
wants to go and watch the star trek film, how sad.   i'm in the business of misery lets take it to the top (8)
likes jun shirota's music 
wants a beer...haha. 
wants to go shopping after mid-years. yah. i should 
just bought jigsaw.. one song and my dad wants 2 kill sov 
wants to work on a sunday, now thts strange  ;P 
wants to go see wolverine!!! 
Who wants to write the rest of my essay. I'll give you a hug and a ....dollar 
wants to go to the mediterraneo this week to celebrate school ending...anyone want to join? 
wants to go to bed!!!! goodnight 
wants new hair now! Just so frank won't talk to me 
@etafish my grandpa called, wants to know what you are doing with his hat.. and when you plan to return it 
wants to increased my karma ~  http://plurk.com/p/suiva
@lexxie_couper  I've heard that. 2 of my sons have seen it and one wants to see it again. I can't wait to get there 
has stuff to do but refuses to do them.  :[
likes heavenly blushhhh 
wants to thank mom and ella, without the two of you i would have to be more responsible 
likes 17 again!!!!! it's kind of cheesy but good 
likes rice.    gimme!
@LadyProgrammer  Maybe your daughter wants to help. That's sweet. 
@ItsCookie awwww everyone wants a piece of cookie, but it ain't free. Congrats on both internships  if they want u bad enufd they'll pay
wants someone to write a song like 'can't have you' about meeee 
wants something to do! 
who wants to do something for my birthday tomorrow???  
Like @siempredescalzo, I have two invites for DreamWidth if anyone wants one 
@OGBERRY my son keeps watching the  you got served movie he's so inspired by you guys he's six and wants to dance like you 
wants crystal back as her hairdresser 
wants something hot to drink! 
wants company please 
Who wants to be my best friend? Lol. 
likes twitter 
What's more egocentric than thinking everyone wants to read your random comments? Thinking they want a T-shirt of it! Thanks, @twitshirt! 
isit just me that likes asher roths vice, it sounds so musky and S%&amp;Y 
wants to dream about her new baby. He's German. 
@OweeW pfft who wants to be a teacher these days 
@erininstereo ok cool!!!! I will let you or nat know by tomorrow if my friend wants the cat  he really wants one
Morning all....still got an achy arm.....not as bad though! It's #followfriday if anyone wants one let me know and I will do some later 
@Jamiebower :XD yeah cows have it easy until someone wants to wear them 
Off to mow mum's lawns before it rains, now @tiggerbounce80 wants me to do our lawn afterwards too! Not tidy darts. 
wants to PLURK PLURK and PLURK!  http://plurk.com/p/vg6wo
www.spookers.co.nz for those of u wants to know what spookers' all about 
wants to fast foward to 4:04 p.m. 
wants to go back to napa....  and thinking good loving thoughts right now 
wants a car already 
if anyone wants to make me one that'd be nice 
Who wants a kiss?!? 
wants to hear YOU scream... for any 'ol reason.    (via @cockpitrocks) cuz I'm in the jungle?
loves twitter - wants a blackberry to twitter all the time 
