Most common words for this cluster:
[('was', 662), ('today', 66), ('day', 56), ('night', 53), ('work', 30), ('amp', 29), ('na', 28), ('home', 27), ('quot', 23), ('morning', 23), ('time', 22), ('yesterday', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Was', 0.9996678233146667), (u'Is', 0.8435483574867249), (u'Were', 0.6660032868385315), (u'was', 0.6199599504470825), (u"Wasn'ta", 0.6122243404388428), (u'Has', 0.6093533039093018), (u'Are', 0.5928987264633179), (u'Could', 0.5927157998085022), (u"Isn'ta", 0.5845072269439697), (u'Would', 0.5776332020759583)]





Was intending to finish editing my 536-page novel manuscript tonight, but that will probably not happen. And only 12 pages are left 
Was going to make a site updates twitter account but nahh, it won't work 
@_ophelia danny wasn't there  just angela, craig and Robert!! Was a great day though 
@blogness I got to my store early (thought it opened at 9, but it opened at 10). Was going to grab a few for friends, but 1 person limit. 
Was going to go for a bike ride, but not while it's raining 
Was invited to the buy design party by someone, but then he sold my ticket to someone else. 
Met the hottest guy ever today.. Was too shy to ask for his number 
Morning. Was helping mate in her garden yesterday &amp; now im feeling bit sore, cant even have a bath to relax hot water tap doesnt work 
At the dome w/ @gogana, @jackamon, @jodyjodes.  Was with @annahoosh but she tired.  @vashluv is having respiratory probs 
Was really hoping student loan would go in a day early, nothing yet! 
@famouslyalone i wish jen was coming 
In my parents' room. I think I'm sleeping here again since my dad's out of town again. Was supposed to go with him. 
Was up until 5am with a stomach bug, why am I up at 8? It's not gone yet 
Was getting ready for church but now Ian is feeling pukey so I guess not. 
@MariahCarey I feel like a bad fan missing the NTTs and &quot;all that jazz.&quot; Was sleepting. 
@stroughtonsmith Was it registered just recently? 
I feel like barfing. Was it the cake or the idea of going into work tomorrow? I don't know what to do. 
I do miss regularly sewing buffy each week on tv. Was a great show. And great eye candy. The series fanalie sucked though I felt 
@5toSucceed no.  spent the whole day sleepin. Was drugged up.
@JoHart @philhart Hiccups still here. Was drinking winbe too fast  
What a gloomy day....wish I could go back in time and restart my break. Was to short 
@david_sinclair it is lovely out there.. Was hard to drag myself back in to the office 
Was it something I said, or something I never did? Or was I always in the way? 
Erghh discovered last night I really am allergic to white fish.  Was a very long night 
feeling alright considering my hour and a half of insomnia due to a stuffy bedroom! Was not happy...I love my sleep! 
Morning.Was I writing a load of bollocks again last night?Overtiredness is melting my brain! 
I'm tired. Was at work at midnight to meet the police - alarm call 
Bit quiet this morning. Was planning to make a Twibe but I couldn't think of anything and nobody would join anyway 
@ShellyCope It Was shocking! But I think they were all just a little too intoxicated... I don't like that stuff too much 
The only thing worse than staying up late to submit a paper is staying up late and not submitting after all!  Wasn't ready.  Next time!
i wish kevin was here to lay with me 
We have a sturdy fence protecting the chickens, and 18&quot; slabs all the way round. Wasn't allowed guard towers with little plastic Nazis 
Was hoping to get out tonight but can't now  its official i drink too much tea, i get through 2 litres of milk a day just on tea :s
@vonlrrwegen didn't go shopping. Wasn't enough time to get in and back before the wedding 
Just left kelsy's. Was epic fun. I have work tomoro nay 
Was looking forward to a nice bacon sandwich, but one of the cats has been at the bacon. 
@Jazzzo Awww  91 years is a long blessed life. Was here to see &amp; experiance a lot. We can only be as blessed to live that long
@rsilvers Sadly no.  Was at production the whole day.
Was very stupid for wearin a white shirt to work 
@juliecj errrr I better not say  did you come down? Was a lovely day huh?
@create_havoc pretty dam cold  gf forced me to take her shopping. Was so cosy in front of the gas fire &amp; under the rug too
Was in bed at 2.30 and have been up since 8..not good at all  at least i don't have a hangover - the joys of not drinking 
Whoops. Just used up my first ink cartridge for my #livescribe pen. Was hoping they last longer than 10 pages. 
Was gonna take the canoe out, but it's not very nice out &amp; we have a lot to do  gonna do errands &amp; hopefully some more planting/gardening.
had a terrible back sprain yesterday morning!!! Was bed-ridden the whole day 
@poohward13 oh no! Was it due to the issue from a couple weeks ago? 
@VoniaPerna Lol, uhh, no.  Was hoping this would be this evenings entertainment!
Was on tv, 
Was gonna do some baking. But then realised no one would eat it 
Was disconnected from cyber for close 2 24 hrs  so no update was possible .....
I forgot the funeral is the day after the wake  Was up early (asleep around 3:00) writing blog posts', emailing start-ups.
Was expecting post today. So far, no sign. 
eating toast and hoping I'm not gonna be sick again.. Was so hungry but it isn't exactly making me feel great 
Was going to see star trek today. But one of my dogs went blind after playing with a dog toy. The vet says she has lymphatic cancer 
I wish hannah was off. 
@knlsmom Totally missed that part.  Was trying 2 device a plan to run into him, but I was 2 shy! But it was funny because if we stayed...
@rachel_hinton That quick?  Was probably the hard drive failing then...  That sucks 
Was happily sitting in the sun, eating my lunch then the clouds came and covered the warming sun 
Was supposed to be going out but i think @allie557 fell asleep... And i'm already dressed and ish. 
@Flumpington a vole?  Was it alive or dead??  
i wish rove was on now... 
@arrrtstarrr I'm sorry I missed your party  Was it amazing? Does everyone remember nothing? I like when everyone remembers nothing.
Played 1-2 limit hold em' last night, no fun clubs  gotta be 21 Was up $12 @ one point, then the dealers switched LOL fun night overall
@davethorne yeah got back just after 11 this morning. Was hell to get up at 9 after goin to bed at 3 
Was fenna go 2 church but it's raining.  can't take my little 1 out n dis storm.
@rosadelaD the kids reading to their mamas was cute and the lil girl singing.. Was miles at urs? cuz he wasn't at mines 
@whitneyblair030 @CourtneyCamilla will never let  my Louis bag episode die! Was buying some knockoffs for my aunts and had to wear one. 
@STIllusionist For serious? Was planning on going this week. 
@gur_b  ugh can't believe it!!  (see someone replied to your tweet!) Was great seein u guys today! good lunch mmm butter chicken
Going to a luncheon date. Was supposed to be outside but serious  rain here in Bordeaux 
Was going to say that I have no food. But that would be wrong considering how much I truly do have. But dill chips are burning my lips 
Was I the only one not there? 
Was forced away frm fire pit by rain 
Was going to duxford today, but appalling forecast coupled with agony I am in at the moment means I'll not be going. Wish I lived closer 
@devlish_smile so jealous!! Was supposed to watch it tonite but it was sold out! 
Sucks! Haven't recovered yet, so I can't join the parade  Hmfft. Was looking forward for it 
Was looking forward to a good ride today but I sliced my foot up surfing so I can't go 
Oh dear, hangover time, far too much to drink of everything last night  Was a good night though 
Was in hong kong this time last year  And drunkenly grazed her chin last night! x
I messed up last night! Was supposed to get twisted wit the crew but I guess I was too tired 
Was lookin fwd to seeing Angels &amp; Demons this weekend,reviews seem decent,will have to wait until 29th 
Was offered $300 worth of tattoos for his fixed gear. 
@madball911 I didn't feel it either.   Was driving on the 78 at the time.
Was in so much pain today, took pain meds n ended up sleepin all day. 
Was in the commen room on the hill but unfortunatly joe joined me 
@DeepaPrabhu I missed that @dna  . Was any action taken after the coverage or did it die a slow death as always?
watched newsline today at home. So yeah, that whole squashed 4:3 thing? Wasn't cool during rehearsals, and guess what... still not cool 
Ended up not going to school. Was too tired, and also figured that I'd forget most of what I'd learn since the exam's over a week away 
Was supposed to start a week of cardio in morning and strength training at night, but already missed cardio  but I did start eating right
Was looking forward to attending #media140 and about to buy tickets earlier, then phone goes and now can't make it 
Was out the whole day. So tired. 
Was thinking of gettin mum the new ipod shuffle.. But the voiceover doesnt work for korean songs which is all she listens to... 
@RomfordReject yeeeeeaaaah!!! That's right!!!..... (Wasn't for me)  lol
Just had the worst dream ever. Was like an earthquake and when I opened my eyes it was like armageddon. Honestly felt real 
The thunder never came  Was up at 4 am, but there was nothing.
@janjan1979 tried 2 call u yesterday bout 3ish. Was sad u werent home. 
Wasn't there an example a while back with draggable edges to place an imageoverlay? I can't find it 
Was hoping the LittleSnaper 1.0.4 update would fix the quadruple image bug as the release notes suggest but it didn't 
@dressjunkie Another bank holiday?! Wasn't there one a few weeks ago? I don't get them so never notice them. 
Was looking forward to watching the space shuttle landing....but it's a no go today because of the weather 
Bumme! Was planning to ride my bike in this morning but work got in the way. 
So sad!!! I haven't gone to the gym all week!  Was going to go tonight, but the polish on my toes is still kinda tacky. I feel so blah. 
@jambled yeah still waiting. Was l8 with my return 
Was hoping to have a new toy in time for BarCampSD this weekend... sad 
@CrystalllFrost  blllaaaah that sucks lol. I'll be getting his album atleast. Was it/Is it cool?
Was doing something, but they're busy with something else atm, so I'm bored now 
@kaseypoteet LOL yeah yeah you big perv ;) Was hoping to see you next week but scrapped plans 
Was woken up by my screamin lil nefuew 
@PotterEntourage I'm glad you threw the tantrum!  I was going to, but I don't know her well enough yet   Was she apologetic, darn her!?
@kiso666 omg!!!! I feel bad,  .Was it good?              ;
@CenturyMontes why you stop following me? Was I not cool enough for you? 
Bad day at the office. In a horrendous mood  Was it national 'Act like an idiotic buffoon' day today and no-one bothered to tell me?!!
@monkeymoosh Happened to me the other day.  Was wearing a necklace that made a white spot on my chest. 
Was late today, due to construction!!!      tGif...
Was eating a manderin. But it's all gone now! 
Was eating a tomato and it squirted all over me. 
Was just in a wreck. Getting real sore now. It was their fault and they didn't have insurance. Was planning to go to the wedding tonight 
@DJGigiDred I already seen am and jazzy I know they blew the roof off! Was supposed 2 go to pony party, I couldn't make it out last night 
Was outside playing ball with dogs, now all hot and sweaty 
Thanks for the follow fridays. Was lovely! I just spent 2 hours on a poster i wanted to use for the bod bash but now I can't use it. 
Was gonna blog + devise strategy 4 #areallygoodejob + movie + wine, but I guess I'll be doing it sans wine since I broke it: can't afford 
Just saw the greatest d.t.m. (dirty teenage moustache)... on a 40+ year old. Wasn't able to snag a photo  #moustachefail
@bmoneyrocks OMG LOL  did u get a ticket??? Was the officer hot???
@craigdeslandes Frost warning?! The cold a few wks ago got this little evergreen I've had for almost 2 yrs!   Was almost ready to plant!
@sammie_rhodes aww, I'm sad.    Was hoping to see you tonight.  Do you sell picture sets?
@officialashleyg http://twitpic.com/41ppj - Why'd you delete your twitter?  Was it a fake? 
I wish jealousy wasn't a feeling 
Was out 'till 2 and not even feeling it. I can still smell the garlic. 
@Nettofabulous Was it around half 4? I remember it was getting light. 
Was going to lay out in the sun..but it disappeared 
Was going to make eggs...don't know where my spatula is. Eggstake 
Just ate breakfast. Was not impressed. There was no milk. 
@RadioKate dammit! Was all ready with audioboo to record icecream van as he drove off but he didn't put his jingle back on 
@NCISfanatic morning.  Was hoping to wake up feeling better 
Was going to take the girls strawberry picking before sons baseball game... house cleaning got in the way 
Was supposed to visit mom this wknd and go on a bike ride w/ my father-in-law.  Doesn't look like either will happen now 
Was supposed to visit the apple basecamp yesterday but not this time 
Was just about to tweet something exciting, but nevermind 
Was up sick all last night...not the best thing on your vacation 
Was waiting for boyfriend to come and then remembered he doesn't finish work til 8.. disappointed 
still has horrible cough, temperature and exhausted. Was hoping I'd be feeling better by now 
Was not expecting subtitles...wish I spoke French so I don't to stay glued to the screen 
I wish powerthirst was real. 
Was just going to take the kids out to the playground &amp; putting on sunscreen on my daughter when I realized she had fever 
work was so depressing standing at the checkouts near the window  but i survived. Was actually a bit of a laugh at times, but still crap.
Was actin' a fool last night, annnnnnnnd busted my head open on my tile floor  think i have a concussion
CSS Buttons mastered. Was not a tough job really. But I think I have to skip tonight's sleep if I have to complete this website. 
Was out tanning in our boat today and the weather was beautiful  think I might have gotten a little too much sun as well 
Was a nice day till it started to rain 
Was it Twitseeker not working right now?  
Was planning on going to work, but am still sick with the flu 
Was having a wonderful day till the tooth pain 
I smell like smoke from O'Charley's  Wasn't smoking banned in these places???
Was sending tweets, then noticed the &quot;something is totally wack&quot; message was on tweet chat.  #mmwanted
@DDrDark I want to be beta testing too.. Was still sleeping when you tweet about it 
Was outside for less than 30 min yesterday and got sunburned. . . Wtf 
I misss pepe so muchhhh!  It was so nice out today; yet I  Was stuckkk in the house errg
Was kicked out of the concert @ the zoo amp last night for fighting 
Ive been driving on this road tooo long.  Was not blessed with the gift of being able to follow directions 
@mcshortstack YES!!!! Wasn't it amazing, but then sad because you know there are only 2 left 
Was gonna take a white rose but it had thorns. 
Was really enjoying mtv, but now i am being forced to watch cbeebies... 
Was a gorgeous day until the cute lil squirrel committed suicide by running under the tires. 
@jdsharman Yes, spoken to him a few times - he's playing it typically cool... Was supposed to visit last week, but our kids were ill 
Was sadly not here for follow friday 
Was hoping we'd have more followers by now  #Fixreplies
Was at the vet at 6:30am bc my dog was vomiting blood.  the vet said he's okay for  now. Gave him some meds. I hope he feels better soon.
Was woken several times during the night...first the kid, then the dog! 
@fat_cyclist We were just helping to get people into the pamper zone today! Was good but some people vay vay rude to us 
Was going to do volleyball, but I'm not anymore. Just not in shape to do it 
@thecroc No! Was it stolen like now? 
Was on the way to hike but the lightning &amp; black clouds didn't look too promising  we're opting for Rockies game instead where it's sunny!
Home from aunty duty. Was a great day, but now I've got a terrible headache 
Took my pup to an outdoor shopping mall and some woman called her ugly  Was torn whether or not to cry or punch her in the face.
Was a bit  and stressed today.
Was gonna try n stay up n do some stuff but I feel like I'm dying from like my ribcage down to my hips  I'm KO'ed 4 de nite
Was looking in the mirror while brushing my teeth, pulled out at least 5 gray hairs then noticed at least 10 more!  I just turned 24, wtf?
@loopy86 is he ok? Was it a bad cut? 
Was playing wit an american football wit grandpa last night...i didnt like it...was a wierd shape and u couldnt tell where it was gona go 
Been in the office for ages, more than 300 emails cleared. Was wondering what felt wrong, then realised haven't had tea yet 
@meeshthesinger boy r we are playing tag! I was at home. Was gonna ask for the addy to the place but then I had no reception. 
Was up really early - had a nice/slightly weird chat with a lady in a health food store ha ha! Now boo back to study! 
just poured a glass of wine.Was waiting for pizza from our old friend in sydney but have just been told it's not happening,I miss mario's 
Yesterday I managed to spectacularly crack my elbow on a tube train handrail. Was so bad I saw stars, and today typing hurts 
@Serem oooo seaside!  Was ace turning up to work this morning to discover i'm on lates  booo
Was only in the sun for half an hour at lunch an got a wee bit sun burnt, its not fair! 
@smartie999 No in-laws, sadly  Was lucky in my choice of parents,like 2 hav'em here as much as possible - whole family's nice,actually
Was hoping it would rain at soccer. I was disappointed 
@bloominthepark Don't tease. Was supposed to be heading out today, alas paying the bills has gotten in the way 
Was enjoying the sun and laughing at all the burnt pommy's in the park. But then it started to rain 
Was gonna workout but decided going to eat sounded a bit more fun....sorry brandy 
Was in a gud mood from mrng but day wasnt very gud... my rail pass expired ystrday and i didnt know.. forgot my headphones at home 
Was watchin freedom writers! That movie is so sadd!! 
So I found a tick on my arm when I got up this morning. Was able to pull him out, but must go to the doctor later 
@PaulLomax *headdesk* Was looking forward to using that later 
Was going to check out the new MrTweet update, but get the lolcat error page when logging in 
Jeweliyah: Was gunna driving somewhere to get something to eat but now my car wont start for some reason 
@itsnathantorres omggg  that's so sad!! Was it going over the bermuda triangle by any chance?
Was watching TV when I noticed that @feliciaday now works at Sears! What is going on!? Is the guild cancelled!? 
Was so hoping to break the boys' recent 45 min nap max today but not going to happen. 
Yay finished work. Was busy busy  hope your all well!
6.30 and i can't sleep. Was falling asleep until birds started chirping.   
Just had to phone the police to report a race crime!  Was a bit scary.
Was told to take two days off this week. 
Wasn't cute enough 
Wasn't quite sure how to respond to the homophobia at work while talking about daylesford and brokeback mountain 
Is not in a bad mood. Was just playing around with her.  I hope she isn't mad at me..I love her and hope to chat with her later!
hate that i didn't watch the weather 4 2day. Was nice this am so i got my car washed &amp; now its bout 2 rain 
Was out on the west side of the field today. Not enough reception to twitter 
@_kellylovee aww love that song. Makes me wanna watch a walk to remember. Was just watching j&amp;k+8 but TV is not in my bedroom anymore 
Capped. Just got the email, on my way home now hoping the movies downloaded in time. Was meant to download last night but pc went 2 sleep 
3 hours have gone by and have not been able to get new vid card to work.  Was worried I sploded my PC but at least it still works...
Feeling very tired today. Was way too hot to sleep properly last night... 
Was really hoping the trending topic of 'Air France' was some sort of hype regarding an album release. Instead, it's a disappeared plane 
@Glasgowlassy Aw mine wasnt by choice...u know i do the longest g'night's ever! LOL Was p/off bout losing wireless connectn!  @karen230683
Was watching youtube shit, but now im smoking a cigarette outside and thinking about someone  its cold.
Was an unhappy nappy  until I created my own cloth diaper system.  http://www.realnappies.com/
Was hoping to keep an eye on #cilips09 via Twitterfall but it's incredibly slow to load  Any alternatives?
@emmybunny Yes, I noticed it, via @helen_bop's blog. Was shocked really especially when you consider the record of dv shelters 
Have developed a particularly annoying habit of turning off my alarm in my sleep. Was meant to get up at 7am. I got up at 11am. 
Was about to leave n it started raining 
Another hot one. Was going swimming in the outdoor pool but have been stood up 
@chilols @nnewsom I can go to my G-ma's beach. And that was what I was debating... I'm leaning towards no...  Was it really just raining?
Was supposed to leave at 6 pm but got a ping from the tester at 5 25 so leavin at 8 15 
Was out catching a few rays and reading!! Its dulled down a bit here in Belfast  xx
Was having the best time in the gym until I got to the car and had messages waiting for me... back to the down stage! 
...What happened was idiot at the helm. Was using the wrong user name 
Was going to run tonight, but my stomach had other ideas. Ugh. 
However, this is my favorite! Wasn't in my shower though  http://twitpic.com/6ijkl
Was thinking bout how im not used to jh being gone all day... Earlier today i cried missing him 
@tnickens borrowed my nyquil and never brought it back... Was kinda looking forward to that tonight.  sad...
@linkismyhero I are hour late.  Was recording vid immediately after twet until now.  
Was just reminded that it is back to work tomorrow 
@jdubb706 hey u! I likeddiddid that movi...whre u been tho giant!? I missed u! Was lookin at our last picture  
Was just about to go to sleep and now i have seriously annoying hiccups 
Was randomly pressin buttons on my keyboard, and now when i type certain letters show up as #'s any ideas how to change it back? 
@cuddlyalex sound good to me! I haven't a clue what to do. Was thinking of going to see my friend but she lives out of town 
Was late to work, so stayed behind an extra hour to compensate.. we were short people for closing  got home at 1:15am. LOL
Was woken up by thunder, but seems to have missed the rest of the storm. 
@MeiNg I have before.. Was good man, but sure hv to psych myself up before going man hehe.. Haven't been back tho 
@__MissB Was interesting, went out with two guys, one seemed promising but has fizzled out and the other was a non-starter 
@brantanamo How was ur sleep? Was looking through ur pictures and ur bed looks soo comfy very jealous as i am stting at uni doing work!! 
Was looking for an excuse not to go to a 2pm appointment... Now I'm just going to go.  ? Or  !!
Was just smiled at by pretty young lady  however, she was probably showing kindness and pity to the aged and infirm 
Was planning on a nap, but 18yr old son is home for lunch from college with a mate and they have music blaring and are playing pool 
@ZackHounsome Thanks for speaking to me with such kindness and respect, little boy. I wondered if you were joking. Was just making sure.. 
Was sunbathing a few hours ago... now it's all grey and cloudy! 
Was just about to head out for coffee break and my boss starts running around like a madman... must wait now and see what is up~! 
http://bit.ly/oQvJw  Was really hoping Hargreaves would be back soon, top player 
made it to work feeling slightly better this morning.  Was gouged over $7 for juice, coke zero and cereal 
@Karenknowsbest   it's heartbreaking, isn't it?  Was reading about one couple that left behind two young kids.  
Was anyone able to get tickets for blink in san diego??? I can't get in, it says &quot;off sale online&quot; 
; Was going to go to the pool,but it's raining.Now i'm going to go see a movie 
Was gonna tan but damn it's cold and cloudy outside ugh  no tanning
Was having an awesome day but not so much now.. 
Listening to @chamcircuit 's new album. Wasn't signed by alex 
@bposh @bposh LOL!   Was hoping to make another purchase soon, too...but thanks to the dentist, it might be a month or two. 
Was hoping the 3-kid-pack would be overshadowed by a 6-pack but ... 
@nataliejeanette new mehicoooo. Was just there 
@kshpatel Me, too. Was planning on going out. But it's just me, the writing, and twitter distraction.  #FanonianNausea
I'm in bed on a friday night. Was meant to go out but it rained and everyone bailed. dissapointing! 
PAAAIIINN.  Was rear ended in a car accident yesterday and my back won't stop hurting 
Was up wit dee parentss deez days ma momz is going out too 
Was supposed to hookup with someone, but his plane was late coming because of bad weather 
Was a really nice day wish I got outside today 
UP! Was good-ish. They showed the cute parts in the previews 
Was just told my whit blood cell count is high, no fever so ruled out infection.... So now they don't know why, and the drama continues 
Was just forced to try sushi.....not for me 
@lyse maybe. But no. Was having allergy attack from dust from wind.  on vodka now 
Another day, another dollar! It seems apparent that I'm not going to be running around changing jobs again  Was looking forward to it!
@mellalicious nah your not a sook! It frickin hurts! I hit mine on our stove rangehood one day! So bad! Was bleeding and everything 
How rude?! Was having a lovely dream when I got woken up by someone hoovering  now I am cold  and it sounds wet outside
Some hunter nicked my grey cable knit cardigan last night. Was my favourite 
@neilhimself Have a safe &amp; enjoyable flight &amp; don't buy $150 power outlets. ;) Was supposed to be there today-have tix-but no ride now. 
Errmm...sun? Where did you go? Was it something I said? 
Was rudely awoken at 3am! 
@elktrkporcupine yeah, i love working at the shelter. I'm sorry about your dog  Was it recently? I may remember him/her. We are a no kill.
@EddieGarcia57 Was planning on doing that in the week, but forecast is nasty 
didn't go to the fair!  Was crap anyway.
I really had an odd dream last night!! Was straange!!  Seems the people I was going to the fest with are backing out  damn you minival!!!
Was filmed doing 57 mph in a 50 mph zone on my way home from work last night I think 
Was having such a good morning...and then my car wouldn't start 
Was gonna go to skegg vegas but not now   gutted!!!
Yay...my car is ready....Was about 2500 miles over on my oil change  yikes not good, worst part is only have to do it every 8k miles
In tacoma. The weather sucks. Was supposed to go to wild waves 
@littlebead yea someone is unwell. Was a large stand too so harder for me to fill the space 
Was doing a shoot yesterday and I started smelling something burning... I officially don't have anymore studio lights.  
Was going to tweet something amazing, but I got distracted and forgot what it was.   
Was held upside down at work tdai  stupid immature paul lol
Was sooooo hot in movie theater, had to leave mid show  sorry hubby!
Was checking out some condos at the Murano that are up for auction.  They're very nice, but not as big as I thought they would be. 
Market over. Was not worthwhile. 
@michxxblc me either! Would love to go! Was supposed to go to the launch but issues came up and didn't go!  I was sooo sad!
@patricknorton $0.99 a liter in Montreal yesterday. $1.08 today. Was up to $1.50 last year... 
is finally home from the hospital... Would be more excited if she were actually well. Was, however, sent home still sick. 
Wasn't just hungover, has a fever now 
Was supposed to go dancing tonight,staying home again.....  !
@seeson http://twitpic.com/6rehw - I so want this  Was this given to you by the guys @OfficialBFBC2 ? :o
Was pulling up to my house when I realized I was still in the T&amp;C all loaded down gear. 
Was in the freezer at work today for about ten minutes... to put it simply, my hands hurt. 
Just saw an ugly spider.. Was too afraid to kill it so its on the loose 
Was up ninety then lost it all  i still gots time wish me luck
Was playing till I lost to a girl 
Was in Munich yesterday but it rained the whole day long  at least my girlfriend has now a accommodation.
Was looking forward to going out today as well 
Was planning to sleep all day but woke up at 11 and cant get back to sleep.  I need something to do for the day now
I think I have the flu. Or at least getting it. Was 5 hours in bed last night shivering and couldn't sleep 
@Lachgummi  Was ist los?
Was rather disappointed with store #01-07 N.A.C. today.. 
Was just fed chocolate ice cream from her 6 year old cousin, cherry latis is disgusting! 
Was going to go golfing today... rain.  Now I am just going to clean my room and study biology. Inclimate weather sucks.
@pageby_paige Wasn't that great. I had a migraine headache that got the best of me early and I had to leave 
Have nothing new to read. Was going to start DarkHunter series over again. But, seems my dgtr took off with them.  
@sarahw01 me too. Was meant to go yesterday but it got cancelled 
@ankurb oh ok! Was a nice tweetup today though.. too bad i had to leave early 
No car. It was call or text only and the number is 'invalid'. It was fine the other day when my bro text him. Wasn't meant to be I guess 
Was just about to do some work at the easel when I remembered my brother ordered cheese scones for tomorrow. No drawing today then 
My knee! It was a major pain yesterday. Was trying to give out all day even with the brace on. grr 
Was outside the apprentice cafe earlier this morning, would've had brekkie there but it was closed 
Was cutting the greens when I accidentally cut my left index finger. 
Took the day off  Was not feeling very well...
@CrunchyK whoop whoop! I have 12 days off now! Not that I'm gloatin! Was hopin to come see u all in nyc but not gonna happen unfotunately 
I could fall asleep sitting up right now. Been napping on and off today. Was getting sleepy while driving today, too.  How are you?
@amberlycollins How'd u fall? Were there bystanders?Was it graceful?Or fumbling barrel roll?He he!U know I &lt;3 u.I'm sorry u got a bo bo 
@buckhollywood I miss the main room!  Was in there for 4 hours then got &quot;disconnected from chat&quot; Made me super super sad 
At rio. Was hoping to catch a glimpse of my fave chippendale but I totally didn't see him 
Was kicking the list's ass till I got stuck in horrendous traffic...looks like I missed the party. 
Was trying to win myself my sparkle in darts no such luck  maybe in 25 years ill b worth some sparkle...
Made it to work tonight.  Was so sick yesterday I called in.  
Was sick, having fever, flu, cough n sore throat throughout my trip! 
@jordanknight is it true the australian tour is cancelled? Was really looking forward to the show 
@dannywood is it true the australian tour has been cancelled? Was looking forward to finally seeing you guys live 
@JonathanRKnight is it true the Australian tour has been cancelled? Was looking forward to seeing you guys 
@DonnieWahlberg is it true the Australian tour has been cancelled? Was looking forward to finally seeing you guys 
@joeymcintyre is it true the Australian tour has been cancelled? Was looking forward to it 
Was choppin up chillies........... just rubbed my eye, have never felt so much fuckin pain 
Was up half the night ill , not going to school todayy 
Still no news of her. Was trying her number hourly without no avail. I am scared. 
Why am I awake so early?!.. Was suppose to go into wrk, but only had 2hrs of sleep &amp;&amp; can't fall back asleep! 
Wasn't on speaking terms with for a day and a half was one of the hosts and he played me like a stalker and now we really aren't speaking 
Was featured this weekend in the local paper along with @corningcoupons -unfortunatly no online version of article  #cny
@MissDuBois awww  Was it a cleanse or a regular fast?
Was greeted this morning by a broken air conditioner at work.  88 degrees. I'm sweating. 
@Appasi I will have a cup of tea with you.  Was looking forward to seeing you today. 
@sm9 yeah must say i am gutted!! Was holding out 2c if I won before I buy my new one - trip2c back manager for some money for new one 
Was sooooo not wanting to get up this morning! *yawn* I'm still sleepy! 
Ugh damn u computer for ur random restarts..... Was installing burning crusade last night. 
Was having one of the most terrible headaches, again.  - http://tweet.sg
Dropping knife on little toe not a good idea. Wasn't too bad until I started driving 
Was supposed to leave work @ 1 today, but just now leaving at 330 
Mosquitos are back.  Was bit 3 times over the weekend. 
Been to the dentist. Was over the mood that I didn't need any work done. Off to bed in a minute. Am shattered. Was a busy day at work. 
@Rayke I was kicked off your follow list   Was I being to polite?
http://twitpic.com/7i3q1 - Was hoping this would be magically fixed when I got home. 
Wasn't aware how strong dramamine is .. I took 3 and slept for almost 10 hours. 
@SteveGarufi Was in Buena vista for a few min last night. Kids wanted to eat @ Punkys but we got there right after closing time. 
Was just at craig and bruce's photo studio. Now at fresh choice with my parents. 
Just woke up from a nap. Was feeling a bit under the weather after enjoying the pool with my sisters yesterday    Going to take some Meds
Was sitting at the stop light a sec ago and saw a woman lean out her car door to barf. 
@katiebabs I have NEVER RECOVERED from when my neighbor told me IT was true story and the clown lived under the Frankfurt library.  Was 8.
So upset i couldn't go to john mayer's show last night. Was only a few miles away but we were too tired. 
Was sticking to healthier, smaller portioned meals til faced w/homemade pizza@ friends' house- no willpower over pizza. 
Was peeling a peach then the peach flew out of my hand into the sink with dirt water!  sad day! @HippieKrissy
Was looking forward to a coffee at @PippaMayCook but closed this afternoon 
Was tryin to stay up and wait on my babe phone call he is takin to long he probably went to sleep 
Morning all, just getting ready for nursery run then prepping for a meeting. Was working till 11.30 last night for it and still not ready 
Was looking forward to a bath tonight.. but alas it'll have to be a shower  maybe another night i can jump in the spa bath..
For melbournians ... Mcgills bookshop is no more...  just realised today. Was there week ago I think.
hope electricity is back on by time I get back from work.  Was v quiet this morning.  I want my shower back 
@karlerikson awww  Was it that bad, sweets?
Was at work &amp; took care of cells early this morning. But, son has a fever, so I'm home the rest of the day taking care of him.  He's ok.
Was at work till 430am...  Have To be back at 3pm for another 13 hrs..  And can't f@+*#ng sleep 
Was supposed to take me to breakfast this mornin... 
Amazing what distraction can do. Was feeling better for awhile, but starting to not feel so awesome again. 
@vendorprisey  yup me too!  Was worried it could be virus related, but evidently it's not just me!
What happened to the sun? Wasn't it just 80 sunny and beautiful? And now this gloomy shit again? 
Was the perfect day on the beach!!! sooo relaxing.....until it got cloudy and windy!! 
Just went to the dunes and walked back in the rain. Was it worth it... For nachos?  haha
Was gonna do leftover night for dinner, but as I was going through them I realized we waited too long...90% of it got tossed 
Was sleeping really well until my grandma woke me up 
Home from work finally. Was supposed to be off at 2, worked til 3, and storm made me have to wait to leave until 4. 
Was asleep but now wide awake and feeling sick 
Wasn't to impressed with the Tweeterbus at all 
Was so excited about the move, so why am I all of a sudden feeling crazy apprehensive 
I've finished all law exams - period!!! This deserves more exclamation marks. !!!! Wasn't the greatest exam I've done though 
Was all psyched up for baseball tonite &amp; crosstown showdown was postponed for rain! 
Was going to try tweetdeck  http://yfrog.com/58anooj
@da_nor Was looking forward to video but it is not available in my region. 
@tambourinequeen yes i believe they do, they'll even give you Milliondollarman cyborg eyeballs if you so wish! Was out of my price range 
Was having the best sleep evar  I don't wanna go to work waaaa
@Zoesometimes Was a BAAAADDD picture that someone showed me  waahhhh i need to be clean again 
Also, I had a nightmare about the hamster last night. Was horrible  x
@steve_gray_ unfortunately not just a single beep either  ...has stopped now  hurrah! Was actually making me nauseous! :-S
Was obviously very wrong when i thought my feet were slowly getting better  x
Just changed, wearing my white dress now. Was too cold for it this morning.  It's gonna be awesome tomorrow.
@Ascasewwen Was the tea good tea? That would be pretty annoying if the spilt tea was good tea. I had that at work today. Not fun 
Was that thunder i hear off to lab to collect instruction manuals going to get wet 
It had to happen sometime. Was late for bus and had to stand for whole ride 
@meredithliepelt SO sorry to have missed it   Was guilted into not missing my son's baseball game again for the 3rd time this season.
Was too fuckn blown to sleep last night. And now I'm at school tired as fuck. I wanna go to the parade 
Was so embarrassed when I called out to a woman at the station and thought she forgot her briefcase. It wasn't and she missed the train. 
Was being nice n got coffee spilled all over me.  can i have a do-over 4 this week?
Stayed up till 1 in the morning thinking that mcfly's duet with the jobros would be on jimmy kimmel... Was wrong 
Was gonna give blood lk a good girl but my iron is too low 
On way back from ace day at #dbuc09. Was up at 6am after 3.5hrs sleep &amp; now just want to doze on train. But the seat is SO uncomfortable! 
@xclawx Think Sally knew how ground down I felt.  Was in tears for most of it 
Was really excited about the domestic partners presidential memorandum thing but now I'm hearing it doesn't include health benefits. 
Was gonna go to the gym today but I dont want to in the rain! 
@vvhudgens i actually love you . ahhhaahh zac was like its over. 
... Just told someone to flip the monitor, type normally and return before pressing enter to send upside down text. Was believed. 
@PembsDave Was ok, till the council decided to close our road home, forcing us to take 30min detour.  Would have been home in ten. 
Turned out the light in the mens room and heard someone yell &quot;hey!?&quot; inside. Was too embarassed to go back. 
Was expecting a nice twit from mike but guess im not loves as much as I thought  ha ha ha ... hope 44's making me proud
Was unseccessful on finding wheels at B&amp;R 
Was sick all day so didnt go to the concert. 
@seattlegeekly NOOOOOOOOO. Was looking for record 
apologises to her housing estate for the screechy cat at 4:08am.  Was mine 
Was online after a longtime on gtalk &amp; every1 popped up with &quot;how come u r online ?&quot; instead of a &quot;hi&quot; message 
Was up all night. Really wish I could just sleep in. 
I can't remember twittering last?! Was I drunk and didn't realise? I wish I was partying in Londonnnn! 
home from spain. Was brill, thanks emma ;) !! back to work tho  no fun.. just me and my computer once again!!
Was supposed to be seeing the gf tonight but new double bed arriving has put a stop to that, have to wait until tomorrow now 
Was told I need a plan.   I guess I didn't &quot;plan&quot; for being out of work this long and possibly having to move to find work.  me= sad panda
Was supposed to go to knoebels, but it just had to rain 
Clouds?!?! Ugggh. Was supposed to go to the pool today. 
Was diggin my new hair but someone else just pretty much told me they didn't like it.  now I feel like I look stupid
Was just told it looks like I'm gonna lose some buttons.  #fatpanda
Was at the beach this afternoon, dnt think i got a tan 
@dougiemcfly @tommcfly Was watching R:A dvd earlier.. we made the dvd i did!  please reply ??  i never get replys ... :'(
Wasn't the window cleaners though (was my first thought too) because some of the scratches are on the inside. 
Was at the media thing today, was alright i suppose, was better than being at school anyway. I'm now cold and got a sore head 
@robinana What did I do now to get in the dog house?! LOL! Was going to suggest PC if you needed a new one, &amp; you want to stab me again. 
@RokkKrinn Wasn't my choice, really. 
@godfatherobie yeah I wanted to listen to cooli gangstas paradise the other day. Wasn't there 
In the bath. Was hoping this was gunna help but idk if it is 
Was exhausted today then started feeling bad :-/  so staying in instead 
Ugh. Was expecting to come home to a plate full of pierogies. This did NOT happen. Now what am I going to eat????? I'm hungry 
@shermy hehe its beyond me! glad I'm not the only one thinking that - &amp; you're female too! yeah poh is gone! Was so disappointed! 
Was planning on working on customs until 8pm tonight. I won't even be upstairs by then. Customs will have to wait until tomorrow. 
It's heart rending to see ur own mom cry. Was just told tt we shld minimise our visits bc of her poor immune system. 
... Was trying to casually walk past one of those cops from earlier.  One stopped walking and apparently thought I wanted something.  
Not v. happy. Was awake at 6:30 on what is supposed to be my only morning off this week. 
Was so busy tryna get a job, and then got caught up workin' all the time, that my studies got neglected, and now I'm fallin' behind 
Was supposed to study for upcoming exam but end up with watching 17 again 
Was going to go to @MTUB but can't make it tonight.  Next month for sure.
@StarKat7 ahhh that might have been it. Was scary 
Was 1 minute away from seeing his team get to a final. gutted we lost in the dying seconds 
@alistairstead I phoned them and they said ok, phoned the store and they said ok, and in the store they said ok. Was just credit check 
Was supposed to go too lost paradise today but had to cancel damn dust  I'd be swimming in mud if I went!
Was in the middle of typing and tweetdeck iphone unexpectedly closed 
Was trying to stay awake and watch the debate relay last night.But fell asleep  It doesnt go as i excpected, u can't call it a debate!
Still have tunnel vision + dizzy. Not sure what it's about, maybe a cold? Was planning on making Cosmos tonight so hope it goes soon 
@Twaberry oh noes!  Was the window open?  Or is it seriously leaking.  That is no good!  
We aren't going. Last minute cancellation. For those of you at Scrapin, or almost there...twit pics!! Was really looking forward to it 
Was a great day! i'll be missing you guys so much. 
Was suppose to go kick it with my girls tonight...but can't find a babysitter 
@MeghanMBiro Wasn't my lemony mess.  Just a gastronomic craving bordering on lust for someone else's b'fast concoction.
Have no clue what to do anymore. Was going to go to the beach with CassieNicole_x but now its raining, how sad is that 
@suziperry you looked rather gorgeous today! Was the only day I managed to watch 
@JLSOfficial Was so disserpointed i couldnt come to mtv sound  stupid age limmit ! cant wait for party in the park!  love you marvin! xx
is listening to l.v.a.t.t i love this cd, best one yet x good job guys. . Was worth gettin sick 
Was really looking forward to going out but feel to ill to enjoy myself so im watching southpark with juice  stupid cold 
@FritoOnCandy Was craving sushi myself today but didnt get a chance to eat 
@Nossing They did a fabulous set but didn't make it.   Was still a great night, though. How's your weekend going?
Was gone for a week &amp; lost one of my pet mice  knew mom wouldn't do a good job just burried him...
@gilbirmingham Sori!!! Wasn't meant to come across like that, hope i didnt offend u in anyway!!  Was just trying to get ollowers for u!
Was doing well with the recovery from my surgery. But after the shower I took the pain is bad. 
@teejay0109 Every man has a crush on a woman younger than him.  Wasn't sure which of the other two was a lie 
Was with the family today. It's been raining so we spent the day indoors.    Hoping weather will b better 4 the weekend.
@R33S wish I could say good-no was kinda lame  they brought the wrong sauce with my sandwich-Wasn't a place I like-&amp; I'm not a picky eater
I had a dream last night that i was going to see green day that night. Was soo disappointed when i woke up 
Was writing on a notepad yesterday (the physical kind) and was kind of surprised when I realized that my spelling wasn't auto correcting 
Morning all..  Was hoping for better weather today 
Was gonna get a nifty piercing, but didn't think the piercer was that good  soo now I guess sleep?
hopes his throat is better today! Was sore all day yesteday 
Was sent home from work today. Wasn't up to it  Will be doing a little more in the garden shortly
Was supposed to be sunny today according to the weather bods - grey and showers here 
I know it's instant fro day with the rain  Wasn't the best time to cut bangs.. I guess they are going up some way some how lol @bsbfan96
1 hour until I get to leave work. Was covering for someone last night. Such a boring shift! 
@altmilan Got the joke. Wasn't a great one -- expected a bit better from you ... 
It's now been an hour since I got into the office because of breakdowns. Was hoping to leave early for wedding, may not happen now... 
Was having the sexiest dream ever then pops wakes me up to work 
Was able to get a good night's sleep before it got too hot in our house. 2 hours until work 
@teemwilliams yea I heard about that! That Was crazy!I feel bad 4 her cause everybody do that but she was the unlucky1 2 get caught. 
Was just about a foot away from jenson button but he didn't sign my daughters hat. She's devastated 
I just cant go shopping man. Was not built for it. 
Was supposed to be going out tonight for a drinky - don't suppose thats gonna happen now...  
Was going to go to my great-grandmother's birthday party, but it rained, so it was canceled..... 
@loveberlinxo oh yeah I am! Was really we this morning but glorius sun right now! Not getting great network coverage on phone though  #F1
Was looking forward to biscuits and gravy 
Was watching the lions match today in the pub with me da and we lost 
@ryjameschrist How'd it go? Was thinking about getting one myself but I don't want it to hurt 
*looking @ my profile*  dang im sorry ya'll ive abandoned twtr 4 like 2 whole days! Was gettin 2 that $ so I'm not sorry but i missed ya!
@ndasky1 I missed you too. Was very sad yesterday. 
Trial runs are a good idea! Not enough icing to also do piping.   Was looking forward to playing with new pasty bag.
Was suppose to see the sag screening of life is hot in cracktown but arrived too late 
Was gonna go swimming in the morning but find my costume 
Walked home. Was okay but a bit scary in places. Only twitchy as saw guy covered in blood earlier 
Opened toilet wall cabnet  today and full bottle of after shave fall into sink and shashed everyware... Was gutted 
Just saw a dude riding down the street in pouring rain on a unicycle with an orange wheel. Was to slow to grab a picture 
Was going to try out my new piece, but I spent all my $ shopping and forgot to buy a slider  oh, and @S_hedy I miss your &quot;presents&quot; alredy
@willnix WTF - that sux.     Was it @metro?  Seriously, sorry.
Just got in the house bout 2 get in the shower. Was going back out but my ankle swollen 
Ah crap. Was just getting into reading and highlighting my study notes and bam! bad old music is blasting now. 
Was going 2 hit the club I'm home alone every1's @ the club  oh well need time 2 myself
Was leaning on my back porch railing and my candied apple fell off the stick and rolled away! 
@mawbooks Unfortunately, I'm finishing some house stuff, no blog stuff. Wasn't feeling motivated to start on stuff at 10pm. 
Was taking a ride in the scooter and it got a flat  WHOMP whomp
Was thinking about going to IMATS... heard from peeps how everyone was so beautiful there, decided not to go cuz I'd stick out all fugly 
Was so dam high yesterday and now going to work and it fucking sucks 
@mssensible ha! As if! Was up early with youngest... as always!! 
Was up in time for church today - quite an amazing feat considering my sleeping habits as of late... getting cloudy again... 
Was extremely ill last night. 
Was enjoyn d most delicious slumber &amp; then it started 2 rain, &amp;...... &amp; now am all soaked...fill in d gaps!  http://myloc.me/4Qrl
@DavidArchie I want you both here in the Philippines. Wasn't able to watch your concert with DC last time. Was attending summer classes 
Wasn't able to make it to church function, got caught up  But the good news is I lost another pound today!!Now weigh 252 down from 270
@Fleetingmoment not really. Was waiting on some news about someone who was in hospital. Not good, I'm afraid 
Good race today. Was in couple of breaks, but got caught. Was in front group 4 out of 5 laps then got tactics wrong, finished with pack 
Oh  Was going to go to the seaside tomorrow - but no we're going HOPEFULLY later on in the week  owh.
Why is it whenever we order Indian part of my meal is missing? Last time there was no rice, today no chapati. Was looking forward to it 
Was stuck in traffic for an hour on 65 yesterday. And worst sales in 5 years of this event, so no big pocketful of money to cheer me. 
@DrNinjaPhD read about it. Was looking forward to pie 
@iphoneappcodes 1 minute late  was signing up
@anz_rocks19 sounds fun...i went home to family. Was dad's 60th so they'd oragnised hymn and prayers. not wot i'd call fun!  
@sarahreesbrenna That bad?  Was thinking about going to see it myself, but... maybe not.
@studior was going to come to the potluck but I have another terrible migraine  bummed to miss it. Was going to bring dessert.
I'm craving cookies or something.  Was gonna make some but we have no butter! 
still really behind on editing wedding pics   Was hoping to get more stuff on etsy this week, but that may not happen.....
Still stuck in office.. Was planning to leave at 5:30 today when some one &quot;foretold&quot; the situation.. 
Was the only yr 11 in choir today. 
Was going to the mud park but not anymore thank god!! TF2 comes out tonight yay!!! But imax was sold out, gotta wait till tomorrow 
@starmike in true &quot;geek&quot; fashion you had to see what was wrong.  Was that your old school g-15?   If you need a replacement...
Was a great morning and afternoon, sh#t evening!! 
Wasn't worth the wait 
Was watching old episodes of outrageous fortune last night and missed the new 1. And gbpvr rec service was stopped  anyone have a torrent?
@carasperry omg I know u will understand how freaky... Was wokin on my bike last night n a huge roach flew outta nowhere n HIT me ahhhhh 
I made some nice magnets and even had a stroke of creativity which doesn't happen often. Was a great crafting day. Now work 
pokemon group just left and now I can hear the crickets chirping , Was that tumbleweed that just blew by? so dead in here 
@JacobLovie Was going to send you one back, but you aint following me so I can't 
Was hangin wit friends outside but tha threat of rain about 2 fall scared them away  .. bored again
@Shiminay I are jealous  Was all sold out by the time I'd found out about it :'(
On ma way bak 4rm troy bar.... Wasn't impressed 
Was referred to as ma'am  I am getting old #premidlifecrisis
@thedailydish Was just griping about this... 
Was gonna go 2 bed happily, but now I'm not  can't find my sweet pea lotion..which I bought yesterday
Was wash and dressed by 9am...woop!woop!..altho not exactly under the best circumstances 
I dreamt about murder  .Then I dreamt about @katyperry so it's all good! Was meant to be up 1 1/2hrs ago. Like a bike, two tyred.
Was expecting my popcorn hour today... It was send today, so it will be another 48 hours 
Was an interesting show tonight and @MysteryGuitarM seriously, everytime after I just finish a show 
NOOOOOOOOOO! @themorningjuice on 98 followers, @mashbunbury only has 72, damn youz twitter! Was going so well this morning 
@PattaFeuFeu Was it that bad? 
@tommcfly Are you as amazing of a hugger as I dream you are? I drempt that I got to meet you last night. Was sad when I woke up 
@gattaca LoL... Wasn't qwick enough with the twitpic aye? 
Was finding my phone, and I found it in the cupboard lying beside piles &amp; piles of clothes...god... what's with me. 
trying to look after back today.  Was crippled with back pain last night and couldn't get up from sofa without difficulty.  
@davidwalshblog Why did you have to write that on pay day? Was having enough trouble resisting the dark side already 
Was suppose to sleep in but too many things on my mind to do 
Was running late to my train, pushed my bike so hard I dislodged the handle bars 
@melbrehl totally true I'm afraid! Was bullied big style throughout school &amp; even in my first job 
Thats do weird @kalemeow so am i. Was waking up all cold and shit 
@sexpensive Not really going  Wish I was though. Wasn't this hot.
@haykuro How did you fix the headset/camera problem? Was it just libaudio.so and libcamera.so (and dependencies)? Just being curious 
@sagebrennan: uuuuuuuuggghhhhhh. Was that Chinese or English? 
Was working late tonight recreating some lost code.  I came up with good improvements, so I feel both stupid and clever at the same time. 
just home from hospital, arm: not broken  Was genuinely worried about that one!
@Foodimentary I read your post really fast and thought it said &quot;national coffee day&quot;. Was wondering how I was going to slice my cup 
Was overwhelmed and ecstatic with all the lovely faery love &amp; wishes that my fabulous faery friends sent me last week...truly uplifting 
Was looking out holiday clothes  getting more and mor excited ! 5 days!
@avisagie dead broadband at the office. Was thinking of tweeting bio and abstract and you paste and stitch  but I'll just mail it tonight
OH! @creepysuitguy  that once for me, once for mom. Was to michael. I forgot the @michaelgio. We're chatting about wal mart. 
@CoachCharrise I didn't think u would for a minute honey  Was just letting slip my risk philosophy-hehe  Not so calculated always tho 
@AndreaHanis Was great to march around the church tonight, too, with candles in hand. see you at midnight tomorrow! 
@sarahtonner That's pretty much it. Was on my son's idea on the bus this morning 
@_ophelia danny wasn't there  just angela, craig and Robert!! Was a great day though 
Was so much fun just treat myself for a change .. haven't done that in too long , feels good !! 
@jason_graves - Blissfully happy!! Took the boys to the pool today. Was 88 amazing degrees. 
@greylikestorms lol!  sure was! 
@TheBetterSexDoc Was that my answer? If so, it's a good one!! 
@IvanPashov Was nice seeing you again too!  Hopefully we can meet up sometime soon again (on the island ) Teehee, I'm glad you do 
Ate so much.. lol. Was good tho 
@coliwilso I'm the guy who doesn't drive remember ;) Wasn't expecting anything else anyway. Supposedly gonna be another one soonish too 
@madam3181 thanks for the music tip. Was perfect soundtrack with lots of thumbs up from all 
What started off as just having coffee ended up being a whole afternoon/evening thing.  Was a good thing. 
Fauldsys fight couldnt have gone any better.  He got a knock out in the first round, 70sec. Shows training hard pays off. Was a good day! 
@iHollee Was that the right codeee? 
Was at rainforest cafe. Found a keychain tha said shane on it  took a pic of it. @sherksgirl i also took a pic of the laura.
Wasn't going down without a fight and I've managed to get a day off tomorrow (after working my butt off today). Yay 
@lilmomthatcould Thanks, it broke last night     Was so thrilled to see a sweaty toddler in bed next to me.
Researchers use brain interface to post to twitter   http://newswise.com/articles/view/551395 Was just talking about this the other day
Was just about to start French assignment then mum says we are going to maccas... I'm ok with that! 
@babel17 i was up in edinburgh for the hogmaney celebrations over new years  Was freeezing!! *brrr*
Juat got home, Was out at the new blues club, had mexican food myself tonite 
Tuition is over... Wasn't half as bad actually and to me surprisingly 
Wasn't it tho. 
Was strollin with some sistas. 
In bed wrecked after last night. Was good tho  x
Hyperwords is growing on me!!!Was annoying at first but it's great for flipping between languages 
@dotdotdotcom I well have pics of you! Was going to say hi but you were busy 
Changed my profile pic. Was tired of the old one. 
@smallstakes Sounds nice! I had brunch with family, went to my sister's new flat, then out with dad. Was fun and they're good. 
Oh, I wish that I Was looking into your eyes 
@n3rin3 The M&amp;B gig went well thanks.Was loads of fun  I really enjoy performing for smaller groups of people who are keen on listening.
@nataliepatalie0 That looks really good! Was it sad? check your email, I sent you something 
@JuliaMcAlpy how is your homework stuff coming?? Was the rest of your weekend okay? 
@LCLaurenConrad Was that really you doing the voiceover? I loved it! I thought it was really funny 
@tracymacy Thanks for follow. Was just adding you from your twitter page, after commenting your blog 
@QUEENKAK oh thank you thank you! Was hoping the video will be online 
Took the dog to the off-leash park today. He overheated then ran and laid in the only mud puddle there and splashed around. Was amusing 
@sherenejose : Yes, that's what I was implying. Was a bit too subtle, as usual, I suppose. 
@ideasbychuck yes ... wake up just to check what is going on twittland,.. is one of them!  Was reading your blogs 
liked his first job as bar keep  Was fun to do that, looking forward to do that again soon 
Was in a bad mood earlier... But I feel better now  me &amp; these damn mood sings! *smh*
@XxalexhunnyxX Your myspace wallpaper actually looks like wallpaper  Was prom fun???
@cgoliver And you enjoy rooting for a team of thugs and miscreants. Was that harsh? 
@strebel I am here. I have a Sundevils cap on. Was it me? 
Was searching for a cheap and small bookrack, got one for 1000 bucks 
Bones season finale  although why do i get so caught in a tv show? Wasn't expecting that ending though....when's season 5? 
@artrox Certainly Was! Tnx for sharing 
Was at the cinema with my friend... we've watched &quot;17 again&quot; .... was soo funny!! 
Proom was a hit.! Wasn't tht impressd bt me nd my date ws badddddd lls good too see @AngieAnge 
Was gonna use this one but then I remember I hated her voice  http://bit.ly/pKgCl
Just got home from groovin' the moo  Was incredible.
Oh dear, hangover time, far too much to drink of everything last night  Was a good night though 
@ricklight Thanks for that, it looks brilliant  Was a fun night last night.
Was just making videos  I'm getting better 
@Meleys i think denmark was great 
Was wondering what would have happened if sreesanth had bowled the last over 
@Dublins98Dave it really is! I was just grinning the whole way through. Was worried that it might be overhyped but it was just pure great 
@DougMeacham whoops!  Was on vibrate - I'll call you later when I'm done banging this stuff out.  
@HildeM_EN Was great hun, such an amazing night, the guys are all so lovely 
What a busy day!  Spent most of it outside!  Was really nice out today 
@urbanfly no it held at the important times. Was wicked fun, tore up the dancefloor 
@tommcfly do you have all your own albums on your ipod, i guess you do? Was gonna ask when you got a show but i can just check my tshirt 
Was 8 days to go.  http://tinyurl.com/p7qxkq
@MotelMatches No condiscendment (&lt;- is that a word? lol) intended my friend. Was actually just overly happy about my own realization.. 
@officialTila  in the video I noticed you said it was narrow and didn't know how to work it. Was that about the camera or something else? 
@oakfairy Ah  I saw the movie first. Was bored and rented it thinking it'd be embarrassing, and then was pleasantly surprised 
@nakauzu I really liked DAKARA and got hooked on it for a while. Was drinking about  4 bottles a day 
Was just informed by my 5 year old brother, trying to convince me to play the game 'Sorry', that he would &quot;let me win&quot; if I played 
@raj_bokdia Was an excellent one couldnt resist 
@emocontrol That is good.  Was the beach fun? I miss the beach. D:
@Leafybear I indeed finished...8.5hrs...longer than planned due to congestion of ppl, loo stops etc! Was amazing!  x
@luxerito Was tough work.. 
@stevenpam How was the practice? Was perfect weather to be up today (once the fog cleared, of course 
The night is young, the city is still alive. I laughed today. Was a good night  but I'm on the long bus ride home. It'll be ok.
Was is twebbstack that started the trend? I need to know who to credit on the site  #bradiewebb
@adamoc how are you today, ot hot hot again  Was thinking more the other way, about advertising on one of them .
@mmmbrownie Ah the airport. I remember a few days we spent there together. Was thinking of you yesterday b/c I bought tix to LAS for 9/6 
Was looking forward to my decaf coffee, book and oatmeal on this very last day of school...no luck as it is a rainy day schedule  oh well
@TwistedHelen okay thanks  Wasn't sure if I was following the right one or not?
@misslydia thanks  Wasn't sure if I was following the right guy 
@bendaluz @danamorphic Not fixed but will be collected in a few days  Was impressed with the call centre .. the website is still shit.
Was so glad to share in my sister's accomplishment, even if she did feed us too much food. It was yummy though.    
Was crackin twitterville, another morning of cartoons wit the lil man, its gonna be fun 
@daimonmcnew Depends. Was the intent to send me a tweet that said: is this working? if so, it is. 
Was watching a video to see if I was color blind. Yay! I'm not! 
