Most common words for this cluster:
[('water', 215), ('road', 101), ('hills', 97), ('dam', 92), ('miles', 71), ('lake', 67), ('river', 43), ('south', 42), ('rocks', 36), ('sea', 36), ('boat', 31), ('west', 31)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'river', 0.7352993488311768), (u'lake', 0.7265271544456482), (u'creek', 0.7095301151275635), (u'Fisherman_drowns', 0.6942973136901855), (u'Swimmer_drowns', 0.6911017894744873), (u'water', 0.6653351783752441), (u'hills', 0.6604002118110657), (u'Kayaker_rescued', 0.6603188514709473), (u'river_Hoogly', 0.6601182222366333), (u'malarial_swamp', 0.6598787307739258)]





is watching the hill . . .and its making me sad 
Is still nursing my Nile but glad he is feeling better. I hate when my baby is sick 
@thousand_miles no 
@missoliviaa nooo brat. to the west coast hahaa quite making me sad 
@PaulTeeter we passed by the border 
wow! i got sick out of nowhere  and now i cant think straight....and mtv hasnt posted the hills online, wtf!
Just did 5km on the tready and want to die... I'm not built for running... 
at wye river.. It's really cold! This internet is really expensive 
Just saw 1 little and 1 huge stingray in foot-deep water off catseye beach at low tide. No turtles yet.  
@neevd know of any more sites to play games on? i'll never get past the second footpath on frogger 
@MisterSkull awwwwww!!!! What a shame you're miles and miles away 
@cadelofficial http://twitpic.com/2ved8 - I love mountains.. but i live in belgium.. 
@loris_sl I see they are still having aftershocks over there. I'm following @EQwatch which tells me there's just been another 4.8 quake 
Why is 8*800mtrs @ 6:19  pace harder than a 22 mile? 
I hate  dual carriageway roundabouts. So much. 
I wish the hills started here tonight aswell 
I am not digging the taste of water right now at all. 
@KeithCraft. I feel your pain. We had a sprinkler line bust underground &amp; we're on a hill. Flooded nasty neighbors yard, 400. water bill 
we're late leaving for wilmington  but its gorgeous outside and realllyyy chilly in south carolina
@the_anachronist I'm sorry you have vista. 
My phones about to break. It was in a puddle of water 
i will miss the bay of pirates!! 
I am teary eyed I want my firefly back. Wish river would have contributed to the documentary but it was amazing. I'm super sad now 
AUUUUGH I just spilt freezing water all over meeeee 
it's saturday, the wind is blowing... i guess no walk by the river 
@SpeedySasquatch   jealous.  trail runs - my favorite!
Taking the pups for a hike with natalie at south mountain... But no tobin this weekend  boooooooo
is sad that he can't go hiking today, but even sadder that he stranded the scout troop out on muddy roads.  
@richardgumbley Unfortunately not many lollipop ladies on the 400miles of motorway I drove =p @wyatthaplo I went alone 
been to barnard castle and bowes museum. got a mountain of work to do 
5 foot of water over the road in front of the complex. the lake/water feature in the middle of the complex is almost completely full 
1.65L is just over .4 gallons 
Dam it! I just burnt the brownies that I just made!! 
I feel sick, after drinking water! Really?! 
tired but to scared to go to bed i think there a buggys there......ewwww 
my clutch is sad...the hills were hard on it 
Up early. On the road now...8 hour drive 
@jaceyraee :O omggg. i hate floods, we get alot here. i'm so cold 
is currently in south carolina, ughhh, only 10hrs to go 
@FreeMyCV  I think it's only in places that sell cones, I don't think they have them in cinemas usually 
@cprpoker iDK. I think I needed to cough, then drink water, by then awake 
It's raining in paradise 
halfway in my logs.. 
I think i have carpel tunnel.  lol
coming back from the shore  pilates at 12.
@missashleyjean They finally paved that road?? I'm a little jeal you're driving on it... oh, how I wish I was in the land of sunshine 
i want to go to the resevoir 
@Swordstress he's abwering other calls in south fort worth and fairmount!  
i'm too hungry to cook right now. i want to get one of those gigantic hoagies from haggen, but the nearest one is 12.5 thousand km away. 
@rjbrjbx  ! How was the land of the Scots?
I want white castles 
@ShamalaC sad but inevitable - have you noticed that a lot of trees have been uprooted on either side of agara junction for the flyover 
@ShannonLeto I see those propellers when I'm near Tevra 
supposed to be 102 degrees tmrw in riverside. wtf? 
I have several rivers of chocolate where innocent eggs once were, I hope it wasn't a painful journey for them as I feel very guilty!!  x
@phi_rocks oh no!! you poor thing  how was trekky?
My 360 is broken, horizontal lines and muddy graphics, $ down the toilet!   
@makefate so true. i still tire of being followed by getagreatdeals or mrktgman ect... like billboards on a scenic highway... ugly 
@scatteredbomb in the same boat 
is so sad she just finished her sbux water home water isnt the same 
@pixiekp don't forget to post piccies of your sluice action! We managed to kill a poor duck due to our poor narrow boat skills 
I can't even watch the hills cuz I have no cable  buttttttt I can watch it online! Yay!
@aprilfdlwi awww that sucks  damnthose flood waters
@emilystratten i hate u and ur boat 
@Fearnecotton Wagamamas is lush - however nearest one to me is over 60 miles away 
@Never_jen_land   that really sucks!
is pissed! I have no water... just want to shower.... 
@veganB12 bullrunners antagonise the bulls 2 run thru pueblo streets during festivals- in2 a pen until they R killed l8r at bullfight 
Studying  the countryside alliance and me do not go well together!
@kaslkaos @fuzzydragons  - It's not sunny here  But I think I need that walk in the woods!!
I'm tired  but unfortunately I have to be on the road
@paigeburla urban outfitters isnt in canada sadly, and i dont think there is one near the border. 
18 miles to go, speed dropped a lot due to wind and bumpy roads 
Getting ready to get ob the wet freeway to go to work! 
Just watched wolverine with @akane_x and then chikos with brooks but no grant 
 can some one pleease tell me how to work out the total surface area of a square pyramid? 
I thought I just ran two miles really really quickly then realised they were Kilometeres 
@pammy_lane  that doesn't sound good
Just saw a flat hedgehog on the road 
Just woke up to the boat making all this noise. Looks like we have just ported into galveston. I'm so sad that my crise is over 
@samanthablews yupyup. I was near eastern creek today 
@lauracooperman I working till 2  so we're in the same boat
I hate being ditch 
@Odina I hear ya , the only thing this weather does for me is give me a sinus headache 
the lateral area of a polyhedron is the sum of the areas of its lateral faces. but more importantly, i (finally) finished my drink 
finallly in north carolinaaaa! ah I'm so excited too bad one tree hill is done filming 
Nala Olowalu still has a full tummy from bread basket #2  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6285546
 on the sad boat again why do I let shit like this happen
@FAMOUSweekly ive done that b4 i felt like hot water poured all over me 
@nighttime_lies I still be thinking of you  -heart-
Storm in RMNP cut my backcountry hike short...  At least I was within 2 miles of my car when it started pouring.
@thecapoots oh no...did kitteh cross the rainbow bridge?  *HUGS* sweetie
@laydiesweetsz. Dam I kno we gavnt been tlking much  I got problems I be txtin u tho  I miss u ..!!!!  sexy shelix
@sea_holly best I've ever had for sure.  I can't wait to go back.  I wish there was one close to me 
Statue of liberty project also not fun 
@middleofacloud poetic...i dont have palm trees on my side of town   i guess the ridiculous traffic always welcomes me back with open arms
yay he's back, but troop beverly hills' not done 
ahh the bird i picked up from the road died  i did my best to save it, but it was too much in a shock
Dam is the weekend really over?  i don't wanna go back to work
My earth has been awaken by volatile organic compounds and sulfur dioxide among other pollutants 
@joycemercedes reminds me, I still have work to do.  Dam.
I forgot about south park and its one of my favourite episodes!!!  damn it!
@ShellBell80  he is not cool, driving me nuts. he took me 4 walk and threw me into sum rocks, very sore...
missing my fish.. i keep thinking i need to feed him, or check his water, or shift his bowl to the window, or just chat with him 
@PrincessPinkee Awwww man. I'm in route to the valley. 
@rbbashirxx @2moor I dont even like you guys 
@SKIPofWELOOSE shells gas station 
@jtimberlake  i adore u cry me a river 
@fuelbot i assume you've already tried rinsing it with water? very sucky indeed 
@Jess8778 I hope it wasn't toilet water 
@falloutboy this is so unfair for those of us not on the west coast. 
@devonm89 i'm jealous you went to the rocks without me 
am looking at the melbourne water website &amp; our current reservoir levels.. so depressing    I think i'll go &amp; bury my head in the sand.
@anz_rocks u always win  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@davidhiggerson it's a shame, he's just staring at a screen full of water 
the hills just made me cry. 
@HennaHelen  will he accept any water from you?
@thindiell ...that road, but then it happened again on the same road I take every day to work.  So it's not the road, it's the truck.  
Leaving paradise. 
@EddyLeonardo yes rankin, I was north of zi river aswel didn't know it was poppin off 
is thirsty but hates the taste of her water 
Just attempted to swipe an abandoned highway exit sign as a 35W construction souvenir only to find out it was chickem-wired down. 
Trekking it up a massive hill 
Dam family trip cancel. What now. 
@criss86 if your basement has water ... then mine probably does too 
revolutionary road is good but sad 
going downhill again... 
? philippines! can't come to the cook&amp;archuleta concert, though...i'm like miles and miles away.... 
Having all the tyres replaced on the bass-mobile. All there miles have finally taken their toll 
@mikebrice they are out there just under all that mud 
did 15 km on the bike and 4 km run, it is 4:00 a.m. and I have to go to work 
I'm on the road and i forgot my vitamins  i'll figure it out
And it just goes downhill from here 
@heatherfranklin Too bad I work in a tomb, I can't enjoy it 
no east for me - my 130 just got pushed to 3pm 
@timlinden you shouldn't allow them to eat sand ... it makes them sick.  
lost  have to go on toll road
Its cold in south dakota 
by midway, but misses chicago &amp; @katiesalpas already 
Doesnt get invited to bonfires. 
@cpkgirljm spilled a cup of boiling water on it 
@dayumitsbeth Sometimes water tastes funny. Why is this? 
Dam!!! i missed tonights epi 
@mariechow want me to bring you some water? 
saw a dead kitty in the road 
Leaving the gorgeous mountains 
@hills24 i would but i have to sing at 4! 
@leahparke I've checked the one on the west side. They didn't have any. 
@gibsonkemu  no... that sounds fab though.  should have clarified.  lake merritt in oakland...
@DONDITO lol i was drinkin water b4 and got those annoyin hiccups 
@SebastienPage if you have an extra I'd love one.  Not too much surf in southern califonia right now though 
Aww  dead kitty in the road
on my bike: http://www.gmap-pedometer.com/?r=2830822 my knees didn't like the hill between miles 3 and 4 
@AyeUpLaura dam  haha but u cld have, haha
@Bznczrule i would have told you how they did, but the live stream isnt working!! 
Oh so tired  I'm just impressed I got back up the road without crashing!
dam. still hungover 
Marazion middle distance is really starting to look impossible with less than 2 wks to go and still a very poorly foot. Really 
@alittletrendy lol i know. luckily i only get spoiled if i don't watch. but it must suck if you're on the west coast 
I dont like earthquakes. 
Why don't I ever feel the earthquakes 
I hate earthquakes!! 
glad I'm off tomorrow I need to do some maintance on my fish tanks my puffer and copepod tanks are dirty.. 
I never feel earthquakes 
@MELBOTS no luck. Scoured the whole toilet twice! 
http://twitpic.com/5ezg6 - also went hunting for mountain lions... didn't find any.... 
Why do I miss everything...including earthquakes 
@trench I hope not for me. I hate when this happens. 
I wont all my hair pink!.. Dam agencys. 
@petewentz you're not coming to lowlands 
says oh no....flood..... flood again.....  http://plurk.com/p/uid46
I have driven since 5:30 in the morning 300 Km and now I have to go for a 2h teaching 
He just got back on the road &amp; I miss him already 
Awww im watching sea patrol.. Never usually do but can't find the remote.. it's soooo sad 
pulling into port 
I have officially left cold lake, passed the sail boats and everything ! How sad 
stephen just exploded my lemony water 
@tatiiz89 I'm on the same boat!  :'( crampppsssssss
Just when I thought I am all cried out, I cried a river. I didn't expect it to be THAT hard 
Wishing I was back on the river 
@the_apostate under the sea? You'll drown 
Root canals are not fun 
on the highway going to work ... 
Why do I always miss the earthquakes? 
I should drink lots of water at this point. But my tongue doesn't feel well. 
@SuperPowerzone lucky you it is wet and cold in lower south west au 
:O the floodings are sad 
@stshuting virgin media has a limited rolout of 201 mbps in some towns,  but not yet manchester 
@JoshSemans yup!  you back in the north west by then? i hope its not crap weather! 
look going to forks and LaPush is an amazing idea is it not? i wish @taylorswift13 was doing a concert in december 
summertime is here. im this area official  tiger mosquito feeder. 
@taylorswift13 i wish u would've come to gd rapids, mi sooner 
@vickymoontree my one aint gorge at all  nite x x
it's so unfair. the north coast is flooding and we're in major drought 
On the road to vagas and i cant go to sleep 
water pipe blown, water under the house, developing terminated.  #unnecessary_shit
@davidmassacre insane played all at sea. i miss the singalong here witchu 
@oneblackbear no fair! I just have stupid water 
@catofprey just wanted to ride my bike  went in wrong directions because there were no road signs and then the road was broken up and..
@Edwards80 You did, you're giving away free coffee to your colleagues!  We get regular rocky road though
@rutty_uk it's the troof! I did 
@houtany i had to turn off the main water line...can't just shut off water in one room i don't think 
@ChipperChild I took a corner too quickly, got some gravel, and ended up in a ditch, then bounced out of a ditch. 
is stuck on the side of the road!!! 
@GeorgiaAquarium bring back the sea lions 
went to the lake and got really really burnt  i look like a lobster lol....it hurts!
Silly slippery @capetown made me crash into the barrier a km from home. Only bumper damage #miracle can't go to gym now 
So sad about the magics  oh wells they tried...
I miss oxshoe pond 
In the land of women, cute but a tear jerker 
dam it keeps rainin on me 
@delta_goodrem should updatd her twitter 
loved, but hated driving in pollution 
Hitting the docks soon. 
Totally just skid all over the road. 
I want a new mountain bike 
Dam only 5 votes  not gonna win anything now
@RobbiedaKid no I was too slow  I hate getting the trailhead then not getting in.
This wind is crampin' my style. I have a section of my yard that won't get any water. I'd move the sprinkler, but it's surrounded by mud. 
i want to go to bocum tottal to see lostalone, but have no passport  dam you poorness 
dam i missed hollyoaks 2nite! 
@vlastikb logically, yes. i just have to find one though. always seem to see them beside motorways when you cant stop 
@lovekelsey she's not coming to detroit  only grand rapids in october...
@_dritan Dam you, I want an #android, stupid only rogers 
@walksthesehills i will push it into the sea for you 
Just drove by fisher and I feel so sad 
@chasingsunshine I am reassassing this boundry right now..  I really didn't mean to upset you. You know i adore you really.
The scream of sirens, and three fire trucks going south bound on the highway = I will not get home before 7.  
Oh and i almost forgot i have to take my lip ring out for water polo season 
@johnmaine ahh i wish you guys would come to a hot topic near me. 
For those of you heading out of vancity I've heard the hwy is closed east bound at cwack 
131 miles away 
i fear the spaceship is not long for this earth. it just stranded me and edwin on the highway. there was smoke 
No waterfront anymore   faccia luna and clarendon will have to do
lotsa water. it's already dark out 
@momfluential That turtle on the side of the road just passed you, too. 
@DonnaFirsty she fell into deep crack in the glacier  so terrible
Just came back from rowing, I fell in the river... again 
i spilled water all over the seat and myself 
on the road 
I made it to salt lake and the only mormon I like isn't here 
muck the Fets 
can't wait for finale of the hills ! lauren 
i need to get over to lush pretty soon. only got a tiny sliver of mud flats left 
@alliemarque dam for real 
Travelling past bushfire territory - very sad 
@alhomme It's on the other side of the road though and I'm omw to work 
Drinking water while trying to play gta4 doesnot work 
@corntea I just opened one of the tubes of Sweettarts! I think water got into it  or something
I got spit on by a mud pot today - it was hot and burned my toe   I guess that's what I get for hanging out in a caldera.
@madlyv ahh you are in my neck of the woods, i am not that far down, i wish more communities would come together, we lost that somewhere 
With sandy and thomas... I just want to go home... 
about to board ferry bak 2 the mainland 
@bendlyons Luckkky.  I should have gone to the dock.
There is a dam mosquito in here tearin me up and I cant sleep! why???? not the best timing at all 
i'm pretty upset that @relientk won't be on the west coast again for awhile... 
west covinas so boring 
@bryancheung Yes. lol. Also, I don't have a season pass for the water park yet, so I can't go swimming... yet. 
Not like it matters. I'm a homely transient from under a bridge. 
I just ran over an armadillo.   I almost had a breakdown and was about to stop in the middle of the road. O.o
No fossil hunting for @ryanhilt and I. 
right bloody now, lady gaga is stepping on perth's land 
I miss eating gushers 
AArgh M25 junction 20 southwards walking speed 
ugh, wtf it's still warm on this side of the island.  I wish was I was outside with a mosquito net so I can sleep 
http://twitpic.com/68yw4 - got advice to protect whale from rocks... there are many here  and blood spilling
i must go to ruins again. i've been so bored 
Leaving the lake 
My stomache is hurting.    I went to bed at 5 and it's not even 8..I just want to sleep. I think I am slightly dehydrated..drinking water
Dam nuggets couldent pull it off  I hate the lakers
I hear all the speed boats and a jet ski or two on the lake already... Another party weekend? I'm still bruised from the last one 
I hate this road 
Would love to be out on the lakes now!! 
2,815 miles too far away 
I have to go to the parts store and get a gasket for my van's water pump...but I don't wanna. 
@bitteshon i know, aren't they? i think my snail died though... we are going back to buy more for the other tanks, so i can get another 
@CaribTweet  wow! I cringe when I see dead animals in the middle of the road... wow!
@brittanytastic he's gone  did you watch that show, was it house of carters? haha, I loved that
@LaurenConrad im soo sad..the finale of the hills is near 
apparently tongue rings and salt water taffy do not mix 
Dam pro tools ain't workin properly 
I'm all sandy 
Lakes backpack finished early due to blisters and broken tents  
Buhhhh huge accident on motorway=delay 
@TheophilusL I'm in the same boat 
Were passing lake travis right now. I want to go to there! 
@shaunmichaelb haha exactly...noo ur used to warm californian waters  unfair lol
it stoped raining but it is too wet to go on my dune buggy 
dam!  missed my free icecream at walmarts!   
My fishing pole quit working. 
@jschwag50 no  &amp; if I was at the lake, I wouldn't have service to twitter haha
@trishapocalypse aw  pour some water on yourself!
Almost 40 mins n I've gone less that 10 miles 
@weschicklit We have a small lake here aswell, but its not allowed to swim 
I am covered in dirt. 
i am missing @mitchelmusso &amp; @drewseeley. they're like 75 miles from me right now 
@ColdHearted19 yep from a bridge right near ma house the bridge is prob bout 30 ft up from the motorway  its so sad
@feliciabarton is absolutely killing it. i wanted to meet her, but i am on a sand dune outside the fence.   she is so stellar.
@histrophywife i dropped it in water  
dang boat died in the middle of the lake! waiting for a tow...at least it's sunny 
Really wants to go fishing 
Cleaning the fish tanks - one of my cichlids died last night.  All other fishies seem fine!
Wishing I was in south tx right now 
thinking the cavs are reserving their fishing boats now 
Wish I was poolside  this drive from the north shore is long
@togreat_heights He poured water all over me! I only poured a little on him! 
I want to stay in the hills for summmma 
@maf_capital_llc its 86 to 101 I think...only 1 min left and magic is up so....u kno the rest 
Wow...delayed tweet? LOL  the lake as we speak no bait fish splashing means no stripers...  i'm cold and the dew is starting to settle brr
in galveston having a ball...still haven't gotten my kite up 
I don't want to feel the battery area. 
hmm grizz hills is pretty boring to level at 
 lonely, drinking crane lake
86 great bay 
@ddlovato you can have one of mine... 3000 miles away tho  hehe
I feel like ebay is the black lagoon and emotional vacuum of my existence. I try SO hard not to go down that road...but it got me 2night 
dropped her beautiful phone into the cold sandy ocean 
@MissSabrinaSin the sandy/sin drabble off i no nothing about 
@emilyylime I don't think so... there is a uniform so I don't get to choose what to wear  but I will definitely bring water.
@LaurenConrad the hills will soo not be the same without you 
is back in the land of twitter and back in the land of the north west  but is with spikey now 
yep michelles dead  dam
off to work  too dam early
2-3km/h over 60km/h my apologies, on an uphill, where I was trying to maintain speed up hill, and it slipped up a little high.. 
couldn't play water bouncer 
I see nyc from the tap bridge 
On the road......268 miles 
@wate i hope it goes away soon 
@tommcfly  i feel like swimming in the sea now too...
@tommcfly I love the sea but I can't swim 
@jesuisloser I need to shower but the water is too hot 
i'm all sandy 
is feeling fed up and bored  dam it! x
@ckrawitz awwww the parkway. 
Is sore from the lake!q  
my vista won't boot whatever i do 
@PrinceSammie im so mad i couldnt see u  mtl rocks, just like u !
Flying back to the bay... 
Phanties is not near a big blue watery road 
No swimming in the river today. It was definatly too cold.. 
ahhh stop over  back on the road..
just in from a water fight ! totally soaked 
walking in the forest 2 wildgehege. of course too much children anf no silence in the forest. its pfingsten 
but it is going  very slowly, still about 3km to go 
So bummed about the hills finale 
brad just rubbed water all over me  work is dead.
should be on the lake right now! not work 
Has been boating on the lake! so hot. Exams. 
going swimming on the lake. I wish I had a jetski 
connecticut 15 south is the worst road ever. small,long, and dead animals galore 
Dam off today no trainer 
trying to save the fish in my pond 
@SOCIALITENYC awwwwww  now just get a black one! and keep it out of puddles of water
@robertarae pmsl! good ;) awwh yr last night at overland road.  how does it feel? you wont be living down the road from me anymore  xx
after prom fail #1 - no more wild waves  .. im so sorry guys .. instead .. whistle lake + other activities.
@taylorswift13 which lake? i miss the lake   ...england doesn't have those.
Mess along river.  - http://mobypicture.com/?n51c5z
I'm hauling a 77,000 lb truck down a mountain (going 40mph). 
@DJCLA if i wasnt spinning in palm springs next friday i would deff hit highlands w/ gilma 
I do not know where the water came from or what the water is made of, but I do however know, regardless the fire is most certainly dead. 
sitting here in the boat on the river without gas... STRANDED!!! 
Heading to bull creek to get wet for a while. Not wanting to head back to de 
@OliverJD I'm afraid I'm in the same boat 
@musicmakesense have fun in palm springs! savor some delicious water por mi 
I'm a little bit jealous of all the people out there on their boats. We have 2 pools at my apts and they're both closed still. No water. 
I'm tired. I hate working  dairy isle 6-close
@kellebelle1981 south texas (edinburg)... close to mex border.... it's freakishly hott here too  plus we r in severe drought!
camping and the lake was amzing! got a nice tan! now back to homework 
@defsupreme live stream not the one of the stupid carpet 
being back in the bay makes me miss It sooo much! 
hills finale tonight 
@JEANNENA 4real? Dam I'd say go to the store and get some maximum strength hydrocorisone cream Its strong and medicated hope it helps 
@dazzledbyrpattz we looked at mtv and the hills is on right now 
@kristianc haven't watched south park in years! 
3 shredded deer on the highway so far  silly bambis need to stay away from the road
Leaving gulf shores 
what exactly is the hills about? I'm so confused! 
@tidal_wave b0red* 
is watching the last of the hills 
Watching the hills finale. @laurenconrad last episode.   how sad. But she looks gorgeous
Ugh. I just remembered there's sand in my pockets 
Seeing the last hills episode 
watching the very last episode of the hills. so sad it is going to be over 
nowwwww it's the hills finale  ahhhhhh
@konichiwasarah are u reading ontd? they keep talking about the hills 
i burnt my legs  by spilling boiling hot water on them by accident
Laurens last episode ever of the hills  this is so poopy
the hills... so sad 
i wish lauren wasnt leaving the hills  
watching the hills finale... so sad... its laurens last episode  not going to be the same without her
I don't want the hills to end nor do I want lauren to leave 
i can't believe that was @laurenconrad 's last hills episode! 
i can't believe that was @laurenconrad's last hills episode! 
the hills are over  you cant have the hills without lauren!
 sad miles didn't win that oneee
@LDHemli the hills will be shit without her! 
@stacialove  Mannnnn eff all the freeways and highways that separate us 
Lloonngg asss dayy and its no where near over and I missed the hills 
It's so flippin hot up in this beeyatch we call earth. Or ewa as I call it. 
Leaving paradise 
missed the hills.. oppps  repeat
Blehhhbxjckshs!! I hate rinsing with salt water 
I'm actually pretty sad about lc leaving the hills 
#phish no west coast shows 
Dam i g0ta wait til 9 t0 watch the awards. 
@MTV wow i wish i could see it. tooo bad im on the west coast. i have to wait until 9! 
i'm still pissed i missed the finale of the hills  p.s- you are a pig.
@Ausadian98 i did a mystery shopping survey there once ;) been thinking of moving out to the hills to have more space but afraid of fires 
kristen on the hills?? there is no hills without lauren..  soo happy that twilight won best moviee! excited for new moon!!
@tractorqueen its not fair  mourning for south east asian blockheads..thx 4 share it with us gal
i just fucked up. i took down parkway to put bmth, and decided against it and now i cant put parkway back up 
Not fair! Gorge weather &amp; I have to go sit in a stuffy Council office being bored shitless. I want to watch dolpins. I hate needing money 
@eztv_it when is the hills episode 10 going to be on your site. 
Dam that lightning was closebye !! 
@Hedgewytch I completed it in a bit less than 6 hours... it was a long hard slog - was too hot, and many water stations run out of water! 
I hate being 1000 miles away from @phillygirl528 
@piilow to the lake XD well yeah and it isn't so warm either! 
@sammy1986 it must be in the sea 
@johannschwella Where did you get that vitamin water?? I've been looking in the shops, can't find it  I also want to try it!
Just had a water fight which I lost  and now drying myself off! Lol
Missing the lovely weather, dam application forms 
@nyappyrhiiee I'm sick of up the glen too 
absolutely LOVED the hills finale... we will miss you @laurenconrad 
just ran 1.5 miles slower than i normally do 
back to the daily grind, wants to swim with the sea lions again 
@hacklabTOilet it does not swirl in the opposite direction in the souther hemisphere 
have to buy a new water pump for my jeep 
cripes we need a new oil tank 
@staycee_sea 
just watched the last epi of the hills  .. now family bbq!
has now watched epsidoe 8 and 9 of the hills... just needs to watch the finale!! 
has now watched episodes 8 &amp; 9 of the hills... and is going to be sad for it to be over  haha
@dumbkiri I hate this stream!  Is it just me?
I'm watching the lobsters in the tank...makes me a little sad.. 
@WendiTV - per pilot husband - locater does not work under water 
Bout to go run 3 miles 
@Siq1369 just a whole bunch of things in the air right now and a lot of stress and uncertainty 
ugh...all water...no coke...water made my stomach hurt 
@BradHigham yay steamboats!  mmmmm wish I ws ther!  x
@WigglyNemo its warmer down south 
@darrylw4 There's actually quite a few good places around here, trouble is they're all taken or too near other caches. 
@rorris the south misses you 
@trekei dam may have to get a xbox  lol
Being micromanaged by my boss that's 200 miles away 
@maricat why did we switch coasts 
why am I feeling so weird? I want to go biking 
@LaurenConrad im crying the hills is nuthing without u 
60 miles! and reyna keeps driving near the edge of the freeway by the cliffs  im scared of heights.
@toastcommunism i bet the water tastes better if you're a red wings fan.  why didn't we think of this before.
Watching laurens last episode of the hills 
is burnt from the lake 
Is leaving the lake, very tired even though I couldn't get in the water. 
@kateyy__ LMFAOOOOOOO !! i fail at spelling  but wheyyyyyyyyyyyyy wotsit land ;)
@whysogreen you get thunder and lightining! dam i only get really low cloud cover 
@barefoot_exec It's so sad to see just an empty square where you once were 
Watching the hills.. I don't want @LaurenConrad to leave! 
I am lost in somerset land. 
@jasonwiener @anotorias wharf2wharf shoot I can't be gone 2 wknds in a row!  signed up last yr but they moved it from sun to sat :/
i miss the mountain  PrinceCharming
@mathewsanders ...hot water? Not even tea?  haha
@haeriepyo it says the hills wedding is at 1130  did we miss it?
Fuuuck I missed listening to crystal castles. I want them to come back sooo bad 
@ only did 2 miles at the track  no curls, bikes, or bench stepping 
i'm definitely not looking forward to the hills ending as i know it 
I wish there was a forest trail right outside my house where I could walk, hike, bike, and explore! Buuuut I don't. 
sad the hills is over 
the hills is over  it's pretty depressing..
a water balloon just exploded on my bed 
@Bzelasko83 i so wish i was going to ranchos lol no fair 
@becklyn13 200 miles away... 
Getting ready to watch the hills finale 
the hills bbl  laurens lastt showww
@LaurenConrad why are you leaving the hills?   
there was a green pipe on the side of the road-i jumped on it and did not enter a magical underground world 
didnt want the hills to end 
just watched hills finally all so sad its over 
@colinlowe the road to vista 7 has many twists and turns    the road is too bumpy it seems 
Just got back from the cabin...left a few days early because of an approaching forest fire 
dam it!...my ema hasnt gone in 
The block of land I wanted to buy has been sold 
My fort has been destroyed. 
I just saw a dead kitty on the road and freaked out!  rest in peace little buddy
i *sob sob* missing the hills already... 
@bbjelovuk throwing trash at bikers is not.....my bad 
i don't want that the hills finish 
Just saw a dead cow on the side of the road 
I broke my reefs. 
i want to go to the sea ...... and finish my examsss....   
now its to late for basketball, its raining at lake constance 
On the road to savannah Yay 
@debidiamond dam I cant get the oic u posted 
watching the last ep. of the hills. 
i am soooooooo sad after watching the hills finale 
i miss the bay 
@hill_lvgd I want too, but you're so far away 
Baaad accident on 169 N....helicopter and all on the highway 
it is very hazy over the lake right now, 
@katertot1 hope she's not chasing waterfalls. Sticking to the rivers and the lakes that she's used to. R.I.P. 
 i am crying you all a river...
so un i just got called black by my lovebug! he said i got over toasted :/ so im going to go drive off a cliff now  byeee 
@STUDIOLAPIN ...was on the road  As we went past, it started kicking its feet, so I went over to get it off the road before it was hit...
Y'all roasting in the stream? 'Cause if so, I'm out 
i want a free root beer  float! nearest sonic is like 50 miles away WTF 
feeling awfully sick  but excited that i finally figured out where the secret park is actually located in daylight
Dwelling on how bummed i am that the hills is over. it will never be the same. 
@damohopo hey what do you mean by suggesting @rudedoodle and i are targets? i may look like a water buffalo but that's just mean  x
Someone has jumped off the bridge on the parkway, doesn't look good as  they have been laid in the road for 10 mins covered up. 
has just finished watching all the hills episodes  kristen comes back!? whett!
@swatkatt quite well, but it was raining so we went to the water park instead, which means no rollarcoaster 
why does the one time I want steam to download fast... it goes at snails pace... dam steam 
@danieldececco i know. If their denver and salt lake dates would've flip flopped it'd be perfect 
http://twitpic.com/6j3km - it was cheaper to fly to orlando 
I have to peeeeeee so baaaaadlyyyy but the water is shut off 
@josephpmathews *cue sarah mclachlan music, and try to make sure to film as many baby sea turtles being eaten by sea gulls as possible* 
private properties in sg are moving up too fast.. no good. apart from that i think there's a storm brewing nearby.... double no no. 
My bottled water is almost done ... damn  
@Saimaa3 yes, but could argue that 1 supporter is 1 too many, they may have influence over hundreds - it only takes one sadly 
@lisibo still no table mountain 
dear royal oak water department- why is my water running yellow??soofuckinggross..who has a shower i can borrow??! 
I miss dawson's creek 
I am paralysed and @sierra_hotel is being unsympathetic 
On the road again 
@agchick Does it count if it's planted under water? 
@yourchica I know I could go for another concert, but it won't happen unless they come back to the south &amp; it's within driving distance. 
damn cat... knocked over water  all over my stoy boards.. i shoulda known better... luckilly they are just thumbmnails
i don't want to work i want to go tubing 
I don't want to say this, but I've got to be honest with myself already: I miss the desert! 
On the road headed back to lala land  ***tears***
watching one tree hill. i feel really sick 
I hate English water  it hurts my skin and makes me all red and sore  owwwww!
No signs about desert tortoises. 
I miss the mountains. 
Shocking no wifi @ backwoods rest area 
@lilmissmaddie no i forgot that i was going camping. 
@lewser12 Shouldn't have gone for a dip in your pond then, should you! nah, working   will catch up if it was worth it?
crying at pearl harbor  lol
It always makes me so sad when I pass trucks that are hauling cows. 
7 miles along cherry creek....tired today 
Off to the woods, by myself...  
@bicoastalite i need to move to the south bay! everything goes on there 
wahh! I broke the skateboard. Dam pop shuvits 
didn't they know I was busy fishing in WoW 
i know it's not my fault.  but i feel TERRIBLE.  like i'm some backwater hick from the hills, barefoot and toothless.    *sobs*
@mUsIc4eVeR323 i want water, but it hurts to stand up 
i really need more mountain dew right now but i am already too hyper now so no more for me          
The rain ruined our Zorbing day 
cypress apartments in the fall and new phone on tuesday! still miss sea dub 
I miss misha...i think the mountains ate her 
I love my sandy so much. I hope she gets better 
@irisvarsi To my countryside 
@clwaddell maybe verizon is down.  defy the miles anyway.
@LaurenConrad go back to the hills, lauren! 
going to bed, so tired i cant think strait 
misses higgins beach, reds ice cream, sunsets on backcove, north deering, phop, the boulevard and friends 
@Z80GameCoder  sad about the radio in your land 
@gh_rocks oficially sucks 
doesn't look parkway drive is going to be happening.. 
doesn't look like parkway drive is going to be happening.. 
me too  the 12 gallons of water i drunk just seems to be resulting in numerous trips to toilet instead of making me feel better!
about to go boating on the river and spend the night in a log cabin next to the water. shame the weather aint that great 
so sleepy  getting ready for the wedding in amelia island!
@JohnONolan will do... i know you can do it in one of the bundles i have in my textmate, just cant remember which dam one... 
just back from my 15km walk-dam legs aint what they used to be 
Who drank all my mountain dew? 
@alexconanwright #drobo rocks. But #timemachine doesn't work with #droboshare, only directly attached 
@LIrunner9 He won't run 10 miles. We will look for a 5 mi out &amp; back &amp; he will go as far as he can. He has not run very much lately.  
south wales news rekon that an earthquake hits south wales  
The boats have left the harbour 
ahh i hate driving on the highway. drive #5 now 
at black head in galway waiting for the volvo ocean boats. where are they?? disappointing lack of tweets on this 
@Lulico i aware of that already  im planning to buy tons of towers heheeh
oh. my. gosh. i had an old tea pot and the water evaporated, so i put more water in it, and the bottom fell out  i'm scared
@mileycyrus come to montreal miles  we love you here lmao you're everywhere ;)
Just missed an awesome photo op of 6-7 s2000s driving the curves in salt fork state park. 
I think it stopped raining....but everything is soaked and muddy 
Someone drank all my water  I hate water thieves.
is off to the lake! then work again 
got eaten alive by mosquitoes while ATVing in greece.  / !
@anz_rocks19 don't jinx me 
gone fishing! tva lowered the water and the fish aren't biting... 
Swimming in my own salty sea 
@LaurenConrad i cant believe you will not be on the hills anymore 
..You never realize how hot boiled water is until you actually spill it on yourself 
@alickshiu i would go if i weren't stuck at hilltop 
just walked 22 miles. nakered 
Watching bridge to terribithia. (cant spell that. Lol) leslie just died. 
still in search of a hostel in venice (or  the surrounding area) 
I miss my fiju water 
ah bridge to terabethia sucksss. 
@Sterkworks oh noooooo, the dreaded *water damage*   @photogirl66 knows all about that one.
@caseygotcher I am jealous I miss the south east 
@smosh i wish i could ride an elephant in a river 
All the 'sparkle' has left my sparkling water. I feel unfizzy now 
I want to go home and play animal crossing 
@hotmomamy i'd offer to babysit, but i'm across the waters. 
Dam chillin with the boyz in elmora hills. And i got to take a shit 
Just got back from the lake....too bad its like 50 degrees and raining 
I have serious road rage 
@TamekaRaymond right an giant burger   when I go home I miss beautiful hills an ocean views...!
@electricalexis I've lived here most of my life and I've never been to the sand dunes. 
@bandnerdtx it's because you saw land of the lost 
Its raining its pourin and i aint snorin . Dam the rain keepin me awake 
Dam twitter, my tweets randomly don't tweet 
@julieorloff the virginia highlands apartments 
If it keep raining like this, we'll be flooded in some areas, if not all 
Holy shit i just went on a drive with some friends and we ended up at the ccc river dam at three island lake. I miss you 
I want to see civilization and not land, rocks, and mountains 
Wanting to go mulberry picking at the river but no one wants to join me 
hating on junkies smashing plates in broadbeach parks  loving max brenner at marina mirage.
@antonyoxxx I would in a second...but i'm in green bay 
Hating how it looks so nice outside but you get out there and its flippin' freezing! Dam false advertising if you ask me 
@NappyBeauty dam now i feel bad 
@faithjoyy I'm in the valley right now 
@oliviajoyy its not directly north. its more more north-west. i wish you were here. there may be 7 of us, but i feel so lonely w/o you  &lt;3
@DillonPrat rocky is over  i am sad
just saw an old big paddle boat and listened to fireworks. sunburn is now very red 
S'ok, I found a way across the pink river. The river screams and chants at those who cross though. 
@timlovejoy watching you from not so sunny south of france 
i cringe when i see live crabs thrown into boiling water. don't do that. 
Dam photos .. missing the good old days, why cant it be like that now 
Dam buugy double listing on the app store is hiding my app from view in the top 100 
Dam buggy double listing in the app store is hiding my game from view in the top 100 
I really hope the turtle I saw attempting to cross the toll road makes it, but it is pretty unlikely. 
@gustible are you on the road again 
Leaving the mountains 
no down the islands today, was really looking forward to a bush adventure  haunted houses and all....
back on the road again...so sad to leave my honey 
@nalyr14 since there are no torrents online  ..
I really just want to stay in bed and watch the hills but have to fly back to scottish land 
On the skyway. 
@sunnygirlkate from sonjas house up to brenig and then in the field dam was that evil ! like the damn biketour to gym   no its not funny
@JuseDayne I never hide..u guys are always on the other side of the water.. 
@yelyahwilliams http://twitpic.com/6u375 - lol hayley, you're lucky, there are no wind tunnels near where i live  but when we tour ire ...
@paolakoala only 5 miles, but I'm surrounded by very steep and long hills 
looking for cheaper rates for the phoenix grand hotel, old pointe south mountain.  So expensive 
gps-trace from last hiking has quite bad quality, too small valleys and a lot of forests  #openstreetmap
Just saw bambi road kill on the side of the highway 
I used to play water polo....but my horse drowned 
Just crossed the bridge exiting forks  now in la push going to first beach to visit jacob!! Yay!
@wiggled You would have thought they would take up the roadways after all the marquees and stands had been broken down...but no 
did anyone else have flash flooding yesterday? some of the roads here were like rivers, ans my garden is like a bog! 
I really want to go on a hike on a hill by my house but the clouds look a little threatening 
@anz_rocks19 i think u told @mrtrev off proper...he hasn't tweeted since 
I'm in clear lake 
I'm sick   water lots of water... is what I need now hahah
i HATEEEEEEEEEEEEE swimming in cold water 
I miss the sea. 
Just got out of an underground lava tube. No rock zombie encounters 
@JeremyCShipp I don't think we have any magical forests over here. 
Slowly on the bridge 
@ilyChrisBreezy - naw....dam i hate not bein able to watch it.... 
is out of port! 
Remembers the downside to living 10 miles away from the nearest fast food joint. 
On the road again....I hate driving 
Anddddd we're back.  I miss the lake
Weekend at the cape is over. The bridge is coming up soon 
Just left the lake..pretty sore subject. 
I like squirrels, they're cute.... I just ran over one on the highway... he moved just when I got to him. 
..why does it keep raining in south florida!! 
@markdavidgerson and we have earthquakes too. i'm pushing for another 
They're moving cattle across the road and all I can smell is cow. 
@REGIGIGAS_ I wish you still did your raves on land. I liked going to them. 
My iPhone had an unfortunate water submersion incident. 
Has just missed his road 
back in the desert  missing @kelberto
going to palm springs......i don't want to. 
But I think it was just water weight. 
@chadingraham stream is dead for me too  #tedxsh
http://twitpic.com/7g6ab - wrong side of the freeway for salt 
so dam blue   went and saw the proposal it was asum!!!!
going to clean up my busted sandbag.. 
@asherslikewhoa  my dog chewed my water babyy.. wen u picked her up water was sprayin out of everyywhereee =[ ohh how i miss her
@rob_sheridan so jealous.  doesn't get to the bay area until the 19th 
@jenniexu: STILL havent decided D: leaning towards dr. who. I kind of want to watch brokeback mountain again but it makes me so depressed 
@nathavat, fooo I'm opening with you too!  no laker parade
doesn't have hot water  (actually)
just spent over an hour mopping up flood water out back of shop. not good. 
hard drive bricked! I'm dead in the water while it's away for data recovery 
finally on the road to transylania 
@mikelikeme I dunno like 50000 miles lol, no, not really proabaly about 300 miles, still a fair way to go though 
@levarburton curses if only I was on your side of the pond 
@fountain1987 ur making us very jealous with tales of the white isle 
dam i need a smoke now but got beat it 
It's apparently over 30 quid to ship one of the records by themselves... come on @oasis, that is highway robbery. 
I'm sad to be leaving paradise 
@ferociousb was just there....it was nice, the water is a bit muddy looking 
listen foot of the mountain by a-ha, i cry, sorry 
long and winding road to sabuga 
Uggggghhhh I'm sooooo mad right now and I hate it that I have no one to blame. All my fault. Dam dam dam  yall pray that everything wo ...
mountain traffic stinks. No alternate routes 
Getting ready to leave savannah   
@Siq1369 well not that bad, but bad enough that im thinking about to change my flight to tonite 
says hey to jelene and is sorry for not being able to visit before leaving   but it's not like i'm millions of miles away  
@kevo2488 no! They changed it to regular mountain dew and mango! 
guhhh wishing i was at d-land with the fam 
water temp is 83 and it looks like a lake, no shreddin today. 
missing camping already 
Omggg, bus takes forever!!!!!!!!!! I want some water ice/ something to drink *thirsty 
@sandy195850 
got a water spot on my silk top 
Home finally, got two miles removed, and now they hurt. 
one of my fishes died 
@amandapalmer the stream is still not working well alas 
i just found out hedgehogs are illegal in california.    i'm depressed. and moving. maybe oregon or somewhere on the east coast.
@_sandy Why so early? Summerschool? 
At sebastian inlet, battery about to die 
I think I killed the tadpoles. By accident 
lost my leopard on hole 11 of druid hill  #discgolf
@inkandmask  we have a travel section of the website with info, but red rocks is in a national park that does not permit camping 
gutted, out on bubble after 10 on river!!! 
Dam it my tire popped on the 405 N.. 
fourloko at the airportt. i dont want my east coast babies to leave at all 
dam cargamovil is down 
Apparently we have no hot water. Or water pressure. That shower was the worst 
@brittdainard i cant swim good, and don't  i have a fear of water
campground has vault toilets makin it difficult to distinguish my ishes from other peoples 
I just finished jogging a disappointing 3 miles. 
Two pair on turn and open ender on rainbow board gets counterfeited on river  6 left T240,000
Driving in mountains is scaaaaaaary! 
@carmelax3 @rochelleiscool. I was in the same boat as rochelle 
I hate that it takes $40 to fill up my tank. 
7 Hours since my last tweet - Dam you internet, why did you fuck up last night 
Wishing I was still at the shore 
I feel like I'm drowning without water. 
Home from water park. Not feeling all that great though 
watched 4 one tree hill episodes... cried in every single one of them ha great! 
hating one tree hill right now - it keeps making me cry! 
A shark in the bay 
@lalavazquez i saw land of the lost also and i was disappointed 
back from the bay and already missing it 
toothache  brother lands in london inn 4 hoursss
I hate motorways 
@evzi And then we'll all have to live underground 
is on the road.mejo traffic..  http://plurk.com/p/11b9mt
@inoruvan nalla collection.. But mediafire is not accessible...  
waiting for floods to subside 
I've realised that I'm more a waterfall of miscellany than a fountain of knowledge 
is very bummed about not getting tents 
@anz_rocks19 awww... why why why 
http://twitpic.com/7jkb2 - the beautiful lake . i miss it sooooo much 
I wish I was floating on the river and jamming to pat green with my friendsss 
On the way 2 see my grandfather @ veterans hospital.Dam 2 relatives passing in the matter of 2 weeks tough  dnt worry no kanye album comin
is going through whatever gullies he can and is still traffucked! I really really hate this 
@KDKat i wish i were seeing maximo park  i lub them
@elizna123, wud luv 2 of gone with use, but i promised a friend i wud take her 2 nikitas friday nite. Dam nw me sad 
THIRSTY. No water in my house. It's like a desert! 
they turned off the water for building maintenance 
Really considering moving 2 d miracle mile but there r no freeways near 
Just left brooks dr appt, 3 shots 
http://twitpic.com/7k1u5 - On the road missen my southern belle this run 
@aappelt can't believe you're leaving the valley so so soon. 
shameful return to the land of the leopard 
Four miles of hell on the 405... I hate you, valley traffic 
@brookr I wanted to flood squarespace's stream, and not yours, but it can't be done 
@EatAtFriendlys you're 519 miles away from me!    But ok.
http://twitpic.com/7km9h - The volvo is dead 
Just ran 5.5 miles now I have to go to work 230-1115  boo
@SierraVE no  stupid alantic ocean
@gypsyroadhog LOL jurassic park! not the best one 
@thetidalrabbit i wish mine will be like that but i just know it shan't. I'll have mountains to conquer. 
Waiting for data to unzip is like waiting for water to boil.....  
The stuff us females do to maintain our sexiness. Dam colonic cleaning 
@gregandgerry I'm crying you a river!! 
got in his boat for a paddle and was chased by a sea turtle--hmm  he swims faster than I paddle...
got on his boat today and was chased down by a sea turtle....he swims faster than I paddle... 
@bobwcaincom I really don't like south wigston 
@Snookk where are you now? a... campground? 
the boat is dead 
Just ran to the plaza and back (2 miles). I feel so out of shape now. 
ahahha it's a very long road 
No, @eCelebrating . . . will not be going.   Next time it's on the west coast, though, I'm totally there.
Its so hot beside the runway and the sea, unfortunately I have to stay here everyday from 7 to the evening 
I still can't get used to looking at the fish tank and there being 3 fish instead of 4 now.  i miss u my little mohawked pirate.
Missing my bay bay 
@winnely yes but the hills wont be the same without @laurenconrad 
Slowly running out of roads 
all the van hunt shows in the bay got canceled. 
dam todays wedensday 
@ TopSR back on the bypass again?  drive carefully and drink water!
@venisatjahjono I dunnnoooo  I'm going on feb! Km jd monash?
@heidiheartshugs LOL. I could, but the authorities see it differently. I offered to pay in water melon and fried chicken too. No takers. 
The 'last mile' of hacking is often the most tedious 
@emmapumpkinpie i will miss it  i get home at 2.30 eastern
@Saoirseee The water is out for the whole building 
@Gabriellala I wish i could work by the sea side 
Does anywhere have any road bikes in stock? 
my surface piercing might not be working.. 
Dam texts woke me up 
@nicolehutch ship some to me! i haven't had a mango in over a year. they are so plentiful in south fl. but ~$3/each in ny 
just majorly lost a water fight 
Dam I miss my crew already....this is gonna be a long 2 weeks 
Just rode almost 7 miles cause it felt like 100 degrees out!! I usually ride 15 to 25 miles, but gettn a flat was a sign 
 sat in water
@caleglendening from being a retard and running even tho im not supposed to bc of my heart and half passing out in my gravel driveway 
Watching pearl harbor! Makes me sadd 
@campfires I would be too 
I'm sad that I'm not @ the laker parade!! 
mijn Dam super natural is onthoofd 
wind is preventing me form kayaking on the beautiful lake outside my mountain house 
i missed the saturdays at the cliffs tonight 
The river is so cold. 
@RosiiLiz I'd be there in a heartbeat if it wasn't 3000 miles to drive!  
I am now lower than dirt! 
did not have a good run. almost puked on the bridge and then almost stepped on a snake. 
@StephenSyska yo playa when did you get twitter??!!! Haha and where have you been? Now that you got a ball and chain we never see you 
@PresidentCHG palms come from the coast. dales exist in the south only 
Leaving the lake.... 
Oh my God where ever I go. Traffic traffic traffic. 
It was really fun NOT being at wild rivers! 
@kspeiser its downpouring and cold in the mountains. 
3,500 miles away. What would you change if you could? 
i miss my birds, i hope you r.i.p. coconut and sandy 
Missed the laker parade! 
i wish i went to the laker parade 
@Dragonsally me too. i skipped my exit and waited til he left the hwy then doubled back. i've been bullied/stalked like that before, 
Wish I was rich enough to shop at urban outfitters 
@Jamieromance It was crazy for about 15 minutes here on highway 12 and the shady grove area. No tornado though  I want to see one!
never thought i'd be on a boat... it's a big blue watery road.. i want to ride on a boat 
@Wipeout Missed the entire show due to the news channel talking the whole hour about a storm south east of here...   is there a repeat?
@Randydeluxe search rocks 
@LauraBora5 i miss you,tooo  please don't get eaten by mountain lions...
@louraemon  awhh  GUESS WHAT  we'll be playing water polo 
i just spilled my smart water. not so smart. 
i hate ares. it won't download any music 
It makes me sad to see all the ducks and geese on our streets because that means we put our streets on their habitat 
@p00k4 did that stream finally worked it never worked for me.  #ecsl
All the on the road! freaking exhausted 
@frankcoats  sorry bout the basin.
Yay! 3.0 update rocks! But they lied! No mms or video! 
I did all I could,and I gave everything but you had to go your away and that road was not for me.. 
@nexedzero I'm in the same boat 
@StrangePictures, where are u? I dont see u anymore  Your lost in the sea of twitters &amp; I miss u!
@lalalalaurynn i meant the state border. lol ive never been to the west coast 
is feeling blah... not sick, but brain just feels like its under slow water and running in slow motion 
@juhasaarinen Neither ducks NOR boats. Not my next fishing expedition then. I fancied catching martian marlin too 
dam i need sum badd. &gt; 
wondering how the laker parade was!! i had to work 
@peeluh i'm not going, we're in the same boat 
removing all the dam subasset extraction bullsh*t processes - manually 
Dam busy with projects 
@kennethbristow no  thought u said u will be in the cayman islands..??
wow i just woke up and i still have to mow again. i hate liveing on 3.5 acres of land. 
@SarahStewart And good for you! (I can get sea-sick on a millpond   )
getting ready to go camping, but I think it may be a washout 
Just saw a dead kitty in the road 
@brucester_com Especially after my vista woes 
@gaballison The map shows the rumbly parts moving south   Now we just get the drizzly parts.
I have a feeling I just failed my final because my parking meter was running out and I rushed through 
@hill79 You seriously work for a company with a 512kbps link? 
No the water in my building is off from 8:30 to 5 
@jordansissel I'm not moving to the bay area 
Should be at paradise 
A commercial just made me wish i was @ a water park. 
@usfelle agreed 110%. serious forks weather we're having 
High tide is not cool 
i was at the supply store on base and the water flooded in about 2 inches high im soaked 
ls struggling to get a little boy to bed why is it this hard  Dam lego has alot to answer to. I hope my big boy does well tonight xxxxx
@darbnoc why u ditch us? 
mountain dewless 
@lexandthecity The monsoon and I travelled together  It was not an enjoyable companion on the road.
So the most difficult part of taking these supplement pills are that i can only drink water i can eat regularly but only with water 
its always a desert outside 
i want to jump in the water.... not write this stupid paper 
bonfires cancelled!!  but still goin to gabby's tomarroww!!
OR I'll have a water 
@miles_ahead nooooo! 
@Ninepinkbears please don't tell me that, I live on top of a moutain and in the forest, so u  know they're not here 
@ThatMikeRossGuy I wish I was on the west coast right now. its pouring in orlando,fl. 
Cottage! No reception in the cottage though, only on the highway  be back on saturday!
study pants, play time with my loveeeees and then the lake! sad i missed the river trip 
Hey just got back from the dells and im so tired  well i still love hozia and brain!!!! LOL!!!!
graveyard shift 
after such a good run at the # 20/20 the south african's are out 
just finshed having a water fight! with my little brothers! they kicked my ass with their water blasters!!  lol
@StephenJr It will all work out.. Just don't stress over it. I know how you feel because we are in the same boat right now. 
Dam rain prevents me from going joggin... dammit 
@RawrSavvy LMAOO dam  i tried   
@dallasaustin i wish i lived out there so that i could participate in the hunt  will u ever hit the bay?
@kunalnayyar deep water freaks me out so much 
@vocabularies we aren't going to the valley. 
just ran 6 miles. still haven't had supper 
@sarahcourtneyb i wish i did! ive been on the road 
thinking of lime meringue pie and english breakfast milk tea. too bad i'm stuck in mom's office in Timbuktu 
@whysogreen true but on our surface most of the blades just eat them selves up too quickly. 
@sangita8 i changed three lanes at bugis while twittering! So porud of myself. I miss you mannn 
Dam I missed the allstar comedy jam !! 
wants mommy to sell the west coast condo not the tampines house!  http://plurk.com/p/123n8g
i wish i had a water bed. 
dam...I caught myself watching the clock again 
@feejin I can believe that, we get loads riding on pavements on big heavy full sus mountain bikes 
is watching the hills, and is very ill 
Definitely NOW on the road of BOREDEM!!!!!!! 
@honk4peace I only had a bottle of water with me... although they could do with some clean water 
@JennaLevenson sad but this is the closest to mountains I've ever seen ....  
@Shandoe I'm sorry ducky  I'm in the same boat..
@CoryStinebrink in the hills of the south of the Netherlands 
I miss the lake 
@KyeLani brighton has no sand 
is back and exhausted! don't want to go down the hill but i have to 
I think this stoplight is broken... 
On the road...i wish jayla was with me 
@lanatello aww  u had another flood? how bad was it?
@ahj My native land! I miss it 
@project_bleu I used to stick my face in a basin if cold water. Only helps for a short time tho. I'll have to sleep with the window shut 
I'm sittin' on the dock of the bay.  Not really 
Storm passed, water in tent 
I miss the bay 
@astrawn102 me toooooo. i miss swiss land! 
 There was a little dog trying to cross the road.
#dontyouhate when the one you really really want is miles away 
The river is on the rise. 
@dsorby I dont have a cliff near me 
bluff failed  down to 1,5 k
@twilightpoison Dam!Sweepstakes contest not open to Australian residents 
7.5 miles so far.. want to workout now, but pup won't let me 
So dam lonely 
driving to grand rapids. its storming so bad 
i always get stuck in traffic on the highway .. it never fails!  
ohh, one of the counties next to us is having a water shortage. That must suck, specially since it's summer 
water is not good to drink 
@km72195 awww it brokeded  lol was it a plastic bowl?
@twervert which apparently has &quot;5,270 scenic acres of steep hills, bluffs, and deep valleys plus two lakes and a waterfall. &quot; never been. 
arrested by swimming too far out in sea. they sent some damn zai parachute team to hit us semi unconscious. &amp; i will be fined 8 to 10 K 
Leaving possum kingdom lake!    -WAAHHHHH!- 
says he is dam sad  http://plurk.com/p/12bjxc
i want to be somewhere i can see the roads.  http://plurk.com/p/12bq8e
@erikflowchild its all downhill from here bro. 
we're going downhill 
I got rope burns on the 3.5 mile hike. And a major headache. 
@shainawoosta it's so sad, I just want landscape texting 
tanks to my neighboors i can't sleep 
@bradhfh dam! i new i should of came 
I want to be the tank 
 i feel like such a loser.  i hate hills
Our ship is still in dry dock 
sandy takes so long. 
@mfowmes  I'd really love one, but we are near such a busy road, and lost too many where we lived before 
On the road back to ohio. 
My memory is failing me so badly  Dam u mind, u suck...
just ran 5 more painful miles on the road back to fitness... i want to feel like a runner again 
waiting for sandy. 
dam out of txts!! 
Looking forward to the lions beating south africa...but I have to get out of bed to do it 
is missing the white sands, crystal clear ocean &amp; vailima 
@nikipaniki I've never heard of them  I just wiki-ed though.. I must have been in some cave...
@EmmaEpic i'm not even going to check; i know we don't have any  if only mcdonalds was down the road...
Raaaiiiin  camping should be fun.
I really, REALLY hate earthquakes 
Wish it would stop raining and the roads would dry out 
1030 not going to happen 2 A.M. was rough and tires still need to be done  water nice though!
Dam rain rain please go away 
So i have to pee and the next rest area is fifty miles away 
sandy left again. 
@JONSGIRL6769 she would laugh at me 2 begin with an she's going to jamboree in the hills won't happen 
i wish it wouldn't rain so i could go to the shore 
i'd rather play animal crossing 
@keysgoround too bad there's no land giraffe merchendise 
recovering from the flood!  
well i don't think the lions are going to win against south africa 
@willcarling @ghook -- for what it's worth, it's on Canal+ -- watching #lions #rugby in cafe/bar camp site. For what it's worth, indeed! 
Leaving paradise 
@carolemoyes i think it only exists in the north west, which is sad 
@StephanieEllen its the' wilds of waneee'!! or the northumberland coast (about 30 miles north of newcastle) - + very rural 
On the road again  :
its 36 d' celcius @ stone mountain... Pretty hot out here 
@BAYBAYBAYvh1 mmaking me jealous bay bay bay i wanted to be ur future husband 
this bite its to windy to go out on the water. 
My favourite pair of shoes has a hole in the bottom and water leaks through. 
bout to go to the tchefuncte with the fam!!!! yay! too bad no water for me 
Just saw a dead turtle on the side of the road 
@seismic007 yay! let it begin!!! now you can go to the lake and surf! but did you lose ur music? I did. 
Finally on the road. Only 2 hours later than I wanted. 
in south florida 
@raymitheminx that was sweet. just tried it on my bed with water. Now it looks like I had an accident 
@daniellesegura  i'm sorry, i was exhausted from climbing mountains and dealing poker -_- i hope i can see you guys tonight.
Is at a beautiful cabin on the lake but can't stop watching the news 
is jus waking up frm a nap...and really not feeling the water park idea 
rode 28.4 miles on the mountain bike.  Now doing laundry  
I'm eating sand. Yay 
the boat left and i wasnt on it 
I just saw a dead deer on the side of the freeway 
Waiting to go camping  waiting, waiting and waiting
Just returned from an old country church creek baptism...97 degrees, and I didn't get to get wet 
Going a whole 5 mph on a detour off I-25. This is going to really slow me down. 
at sea ! 
in the boat at tybee going back to the landings   i love tybee!!!
QuestCrew is at fisherman's wharf right now and I am not 
i miss my little ranger 
@Aubs lucky you on the sail boat... I miss my sail boat 
Recently watched chef aid ep of south park. Used to have album but cant find it anymore 
@mitchrichards nope! No sharks yet  dropped water sample, such a clutze!
yuck! now i fell sick  dam BKKingFish i wish i can quit u!!!
I STILL haven't won a free mountain dew 
About to head to the park.. extra bored! i wanna go to the lake 
back to reno. fml! my boat sank 
Leaving the lake. 
@devilaether but no shark tank?  
@ploddish It's all downhill from here. 
@peterfacinelli I knew you would win!!! wish i was on the west coast to see rob d dance but i am over on the east coast 
chad cannot leave one tree hill 
empty fish tank 
water balloons are not fun 
waiting for a phish stream from alpine 
Just got water dumped on me 
Yay from hitting poles  http://twitpic.com/7ytpp
east villaging with my partner in crime, but missing our other 1/3 
@zkennedy aww i like tents and trouble. haha  have funz
@aspenstudio That's just it - I feel like I should throw paint at him, grab the bucket of fish &amp; make for the lake to save them. 
oww  salt water is nasty!
@yankeebayonette why are you so far across the sea? 
dam dude christines ughh and I feel blahhh 
@karynheng no i don't think so.  we're on the same boat.
watching south of nowhere.&lt;3 it's honestly been forever.... 
Trying to get back to sleep after going to the stables, but I can't, I'm so tired 
I have a lovely 5c size blister from boiling water 
Dam you shower at work, don't you have any other heat setting except &quot;melt the skin off you hot&quot; 
Dam man it's 4:35am and I can't go too sleep 
full of cols still 
@xntrek too bad, but near wineries! been around there only once, barren landscape  love hanging rock area, daylesford best besides yarra
50 miles in. killing hill up next. 
draining my water tanks 
back in tennant creek, the hol is over 
I lost too many Rolandos 
@swallowsadness there's a big beautiful resovoir near miiiine but not sure on lakes haha and i'll be working so i probably can't 
@freakinmay not when your on well water 
Another fire alarm!!!  Dam, off to evacuate again 
Is on the road again. 
Dam it, it is raining...I don't wanna go to the super in the rain...but need foooood!! 
@LaurenConrad gutted your leaving the hills 
 leaving wildwood is not fun. :/ farewell you swell land. i love you.
On the road 
@dieguitoLAMB awww no jungle  well otay. maybe it will still be sexy
On the road again  
Heading to fall creek parade...Yay 
@km72195 awww  don't worry about him -_- lol
@MarianneArkins I'm sorry.    But if it helps any, I'm in the same boat.
I miss my sunglasses... The river ate them up.  
@bubbly_vicky A little.  I didn't want to flush him down the toilet so we decided to send him down the river in the valley.
is winter park. it's only seventy degrees  boooo!
Sitting by the lake, still sick 
sooo jealous of the hills girls 
On the road again 
@BeckyC3  I thought how about chasing pavements
Studying...I should be at the lake 
Unpacking  then headin' to the river
@pinkbunny69 yeh specially when im drinkn all this water  
@eGlamourPhoto they tore it down sold the land and now we've got nada 
stuck on cargo bridge 
Dam! another 21 cents and I could've made 20 minute long dstance phone call 
On the road back to tallahassee 
@johnwesharris train wreck was in d.c. area 
At the river with no signal  i'm burning
I don't know what to do.  hot water shiz!!
my bay @jodd_0 will be leaving me soon 
Stressed  sometimes it feels like i am drowing maybe suffacate without being in water
On the road. 
took my fishy to the lake  he was to big to keep in our tank lol
my deck is almost under water 
She ended up at signal hill park? I dnt have internet 
@mercelleduane na, I think it's dehydration, I need to drink more water 
@WannaBeSkinny good 4 U on the speed running! Just B careful w/ the dn hills...they R murder on the knees &amp; U won't feel it rt then! 
last day in the Gorge 
@iheartmisspiggy i love driving on that bridge! i miss the east coast! 
i wish denis was here so he could hang out...stupid ocean between us 
Its so warm down by the river. No fish atm though 
Under south pier and all i can smell is pee 
cry me a river? ..don't mind if i do. 
On the road again. 
@DCgarebare I wish you could have stayed at collin creek that long! 
I miss miles  where is he?
At camp; just got water pured on me 
Finally got my new hair-do.We had no water for a few hours..it was horrible!I am so sorry for those people who suffer from water shortage 
i miss @twofine5 @tray_sea @pryncez 
@stoker530 i can't today  i live in pilot hill.
It's too hot to go biking 
@girlinblackcar I think I'd want 6 speeds and flappy paddles though. 
thinks that river island is becoming overrated! 
@apatheticzodiac lol its the lake in pleasanton they tricked me 
Mountains of laundry...Mountains 
I do not see any sleeping in my near future. 
Literally just choked on water 
@EepColdToes I'm in the same boat. 
dam! #redsox  1 batter too many.
Missing bay 
@AshleyMarieJ @nikkidlf i didnt like mesa... it wasn't as good as i'd hoped when i went  and i love bobby flay
@montaguewarner     Are you do st catherine's woods and streams etc?  kill me now   .. 
just cried like a river... 
I just lost my sandals at the lake. 
Hitting deep water. What to do 
@chamichaelx already destroyed the fort that we made 
@creques none from iranian police? @schachin no luck  found some other good pics but not the water cannons
@benjammin1992 i'm 300 miles away 
the mansoon of recession doesnt give much water  its so hot
About to go white water rafting.. I'm going to die 
stupid dam chores 
@gmishra i lived next to a river..  well.. i used to, till i moved here 
just drank 2 litters of water .. I'm so thirsty   i still want more!
@pauldangerkile yikes! I've had a flood when a hot water tank overflowed. I understand how not fun it is. 
Leaving key west 
So i just ran the mile and i think im dying 
@diannao Sometimes the shock of fresh water or temperature changes can do them in.  
25$ only gets me half a tank. 
i shower myself with cold freezing water hahahahaha 
@cynbalog No Problemo..I only wish you were coming out to the west coast 
should get a new fuel  belt or get used to run w/water bottle. did a tough 5 mile 
Why is lauren leaving the hills? 
I need to learn to not drink uv like its water. 
Aww.... a little kitten was lying in the middle of the road... 
I wish I was hiking on the appalachian trail 
this lake is so weird, it has a concrete bottom  http://yfrog.com/29vvxj
Dam just got buzzed by another HUGE fly! This time it landed on my head...not impressed 
Lovely vacation, however, the transmission in the ford is slipping. 
dam i been sleep  to long 
@little__fish guess where i live. the other side of the earth  east mesa, losiento
@KendallMassey @jclayville rocks. But don't tell her I said that 
Finally getting to see the hills. 
@idjd i LOVE the hills, it's very addicting. once you get into it, you're hooked. i suggest you start watching it 
@Lyncinda take your lifebelt 
i wish i lived in forks..is forks a real place? edward lives in forks 
I don't know why, I just randomly decided I wanted ellen water: it tastes funny .        Or so they say 
@ArrenV LOL, water is highly under-rated! 
@pinkfrangipani it's take me to the river from sydenee 
@esdrasbeleza Comece com 'Smoke on the water' 
been buiding a new cage for the departments pet g-pigs. This one is going to be &quot;water&quot; proof and have a suspension bridge 
I'm looking at making a water pond in the back yard. It will have fish and frogs and a bridge! 
@elfennau you've lived in the desert? 
@musicistheheart new hills please?? 
working on water meter database.  The things I keep track of 
lovin the new south park episode, babyfart mcgeezers 
@Dputamadre #followfriday if you've ever dreamed about living in a lighthouse 
@maimecat I'm hoping to be able to teleport to #pussycatisland  ;-)  Not sure about boats  
watching dawson's creek, 90s flashback 
getting ready for four bridges. 
@REGYATES madina lake - never take us alive 
@xlad that's 10.5km or 7 miles 
@CacheAdvance love it when there's more than one cache in the same area  throw some pics up?
pipe down. calling @Bigthangs 
On the road to san diego with mary and lynette! 
Madagaskar 2 rocks!!! truly wonder why i took so long to watch it 
@chutcherson 2009 nissan sentra! It's silver and only has 25 miles on it 
@mixiebug I'm lying on a rock by the river. Where are you? 
After 21 1/2 miles I'd be to tired to tweet  wow !
@RockabyeArena sounds like we're in the same boat. 
@ObaidX i kno it sounds naive 2 say,plant/water trees when there's barely enuff clean water for humans-but IF u have the capacity,do it! 
because god blessed the broken road that led me straight to you 
watching one tree hill 
@BackstageBarbie I am 89% sure we're on for six fiddy north. 
@drandolph welcome back to the land of twiter 
@DJFAR That isnt the route I want u to travel yet! 
i just went through my very first checkpoint on atlantic 
@anz_rocks That could be dodgy lol... 
on the road 
ready to watch hibs hump rangers 
http://twitpic.com/3l8yi - practasing water colour paiting 
@jasperparsnip It's a lovely pic. I thought it might be a little too 'isolated' to be part of the Cuillin range... 
I'm dead ... BUT i ran 5 km  yaay me ;]
@RishuDND it means you need to water the plant 
Watching forest gump...again! 
http://twitpic.com/3ldob - by the sea, 
in the countryside 
absolutely obsessed with one tree hill 
i'm baaack  8km wuhuu soon i'll finally run 10 
on the road again 
the Wintu word for &quot;mistletoe&quot; is &quot;lol.&quot; LOL 
who knew rainn wilson could play the bongos? him and rivers cuomo make a good team 
@tessayan hey! twitterverse rocks 
Off for a walk up the park, and I think I'll take *that* lens again. 
@convoy83 I see 
http://twitpic.com/3lu01 - The sun setting over Dyfi Estuary last night 
well, the tribe does it again, 3-0 in the bottom of 4...and grako knows the outfield pretty well 
@AlexandraMcFLY i actually would prefer if they would come to germany but i actually dont really care as long as its near  x
Just got back from the run.. ran some good miles 
@GoldyMom oh we are near the sawgrass mills mall area 
8 cm dilated and her water just broke. Getting closer 
So thirsty....water break 
@tricos_sascha: thanking for adding 
@Deluvmusic -- we should get tattoo's when I come to the bay area. 
@Travelwriticus - I like the treetops kind best 
Lunch at my balcony watching the sea and the river 
@exteenrecent how did u like the cannons?  #cornwallis 
@northwest200 looking good 
thinks drinking water with a straw is delicious. 
i'm starting to really love running...another 3 1/2 miles down 
@matthewcarey only treadmill for now, but now i'm past 4km, it's starting to get a little .. boring 
@sidsmumma might go to the coast for fish &amp; chips 
@ddlovato wheree goo?? .. jaja the autobahn is bored..:S but sometimes have a landscape beautiful 
@pd1001 I am good thanks...oh gardening is nt my strong point - good luck with that! I cut grass and water house plants that's it. 
one tree hill 
@Fearnecotton the hills is so addictive i do not blame you! 
@PapareBoy how's the seawater-filled lung coming along? 
Bright is so lovely... I wanna marry this place and make beautiful babies with it. There is a paddock of horses across the road! 
I have just received a desert so big it needs scaffolding. 
just watched the hills have eyeees. D: on to bride wars 
@MamaSeal you've been?? i want to go there too.  Pretty much all of the west coast! 
is heading out to climb and boulder again! 
@gfalcone601 i didn't know you were in the boat that rocked!   
square - put one right there, who would really care! 
@stevemf81 i am still floating on the water 
@SinnamonS them apple long islands had me going 2nite.... please believe  it 
@convoy3571 Do you think so? hehehehe! 
@frombecca apparently its heading north though so hopefully missing us 
Off to the land of the weegies 
YAY!!! so excited for king's island 
@sethu_j aww  flashbacks of helena's!!
@mccudden1 you got to get out in that water bro 
all is well....well.....sorta......all is a shallow ditch.....   
@deborapriceless thankyou for following, your pic rocks 
Playing in the dirt again 
heading across the river for some breakfast and chats 
changing blackbeard's water... I &lt;3 my wonderful fish!! 
At the lake with kels 
@JosephsPage I went  It's down the road haha.
@imnogeek she sells sea shells on the sea shore but the shells she sells are sea shore shells 
#hoppusday rocks!!! 
Sort road racing in rocky dunes = awesome  driving relaxed inbetween stages right now, boring highways 
@boywonder101  You shouldn't have used that word RESOLUTION. They always fail.  So you will be at stanchart? How many Kms?
pub - would be a bad plan now but i shall have water and all will be well 
Just done 2km on the cross trainer 
Waking up to sunshine and woodland for miles is amazing 
excitedd for the hills tonightttt 
Ortakoy ve Bebek'i Yogacilar basmis  http://twitpic.com/4h500
I've biked to the lake  It's so nice there. Reminds me of the summervacation.. 
neew jerseey shore biocch!! its gonnnna be cuuhraazy!! 
Just as I was contemplating naming the lakes in the yard, the water has begun to receed 
is watching the hills 
Some entrancing water features.   http://twitpic.com/4h9mo
19 more miles until... We r in nj to see the jobros house. I wish 
@WayneJames if @jimwalton streams it, you need to record it so I can see it later. 
@mileycyrus ive been there before its so fun! be sure to go on the big water slide and go on the tube ride in the fish tank 
I was supposed to be drinking more water, rather than drinking wine ... I blame it on my water machine not arriving 
#hoppusday rocks 
The river was fun!!! 
@tishh hence the west is best 
@burns think of it as an abstraction that refers to the deep structures we might use to reconfigure our cities 
i agree with @mileycyrus that being lazy rocks!! 
@ZephyrK9 thank you - to me it is like we are all in the boat and we are all passing around supplies 
@ohsoretro if you're looking to keep the pipes flowing be sure you take magnesium daily 
moving to walnut creek 
camelback was the best hike ever! 
Inspecting my lake wounds. I have some pretty serious cuts.  1 is about an inch. I'm hoping it will leave a scar. 
@nighttime_lies I will  awww, Ilum x3
love the hills 
of all the fish in the sea... 
@Cassieee92 woottt south brisbane haha. NOT! 
@Lightfooted downhill isn't always as easy as it sounds... but for 10km I'd take it 
just ran a couple of miles .. feels good to run at 10 p.m near the water in belmont 
11:11 - if you're on the west coast 
one tree hill + gen  yayyy
is watching one tree hill 
@thebleachworks http://twitpic.com/4f0l0 - So beautiful!! This lake is like a mirror! 
@vi_dam haha, that would be cool. brianna and i should fly over there  haha
@graemeskelly LOL biking is manly 
@SamStreet69 back to the lovely land of the north 
@lizbastian awesome! I am at 1505 west lake street: right across from the dunn brothers on lake 
and dont tell burnsy - but no comparison between the rocky mountains and mountains in enlgland 
held a sea urchin b starfish n screamed 
http://twitpic.com/4jken - fire and urban at rock challenge 
Loving the cairns clan 
I don't know how to quit you-brokeback mountain 
I'm jumping off the nearest bridge if I can't have it 
Passing out  early  after the  river sounds amazing. To my cozy bed  with my cozy dogs 
@n_dubbs curse you, igloo dwellers!! 
@SticknYOU if you were down the road from me you can bet i would be right there  #MMOT
@JonathanRKnight het there r u finished cleaning your pond? u shouldn't stay too long u will get all wrinkled up!! kidding 
@poopiesanchez in clearwater 
horseback riding 
white-water rafting in the tripics 
@tonyrobbins &quot;paradise is where I am.&quot; he also said 
Just got back from 5km run!  It was really good!
@gh_rocks Aww how sweet you are 
just made an omelette, it was actually amazing  I'm back on that slippy slope and I really want to get off (N)
@OBrevealed: &amp; may the holes in our roads mysteriously fill with sand.  
@frijole Where is the live stream? 
watching notting hill  its cute
hitting my hideout 
i love chocolate fountains 
On the road to the bay area. With a quad white mocha. 
@markH_B thanks bog 
Mountains are coming along nicely  LOL -eats grapes
@ChristopherMast When do you head back to the west coast? It was cool hanging out with you in the midwest for something different! 
@Milepost13 see...long distance prayers help 
@MaybeMyBaby that song rocks...really 
you are above and beyond all understanding; if we did not praise, the rocks would cry out... 
Enjoying cap'n with puja and victoria in canyon lake 
sleeping in a fort tonighttt 
did my first scuba dive and saw my first sear turtle 
@mkatherine i totally missed big bang theory and the hills tonight and it was totally worth it!! 
@nlvewithjesus rocky road or mint chip 
i realllyy wish @spencerpratt would shut up  he is the one that makes the hills badd what a freeekin FAGGG!
cant wait for American idol to air on the west coast 
about to get some sleep.kayaking the lake w/ dusty to find geocaches in the am  ?
@vivavelo and the best is that you feel younger in the #dolomites too ... well unless you ride each day hundreds of km 
@selenagomez I just love you, your so gorge 
@cyrilrenaud sequoia park is nice..just the left top corner...or a trip on the coast, definitely. but be careful  u've done napa valley?
yay to samboka (how do u spell that again) on the rocks...  yeah yeah
@ethankillett closer to the hills and the sea 
The house with the pool on allen road has put rubber duckies in the water 
@delta_goodrem ithink you need to proove that you can prank with the best of us 
The Statue!! 
@textualoffender its in the west...got it confirmed! 
14 miles of rain and headwinds but I still wub my new commute  bike lanes ftw!
@basilkhleif la khaleek cooooooool...I almost swerved off the road when I saw it. I was driving...driving...then WHAT THE??? 
@nunispramp not yet  I just saw your tweet about cobble hill. I live in that area
@CathyWeeeen whatever you do, dont think of waterfalls, rivers, or leaky faucets 
@erunama you lie, I've given up trying to get you to go camping 
i see a zaxby's!  now i know i'm in the south 
@sethsimonds lol, don't worry, I'm following you because I thought your stream was interesting. 
borders time; more music 
@HexxWear yes...open source rocks! 
@lamborghinibow  Dam, I hear that baby. 
2day after 4-wheeling in the dunes, went back to trailer, &amp; cooked the fish I caught yesterday when deep-sea fishing! 
@tracilyns @lelani weber state dancers were always stuck on east coast. we loved them anyways 
@forensicmama I saw the siggies of some of the members. One of them was Spanish, the other one I think was French. #Bones rocks the globe 
but don't feel like biking to the embassy in Charlottenlund.. but need to fulfill my civil duty 
I ran 5 km and then took 10 min to slowly walk 10 meters, becoming better aware of the  forest.  I enjoyed the rain the last 2 km 
@arianneross why aint i better not, and lazyness rocks 
@VeexVenom fankooooo hahahahaa  apparently i have my great grandfathers eyes. he was from the deeeep south, south carolinaa. hahaha
I just went for a km run and realized how unfit i got 
@SarahSchyck @aishatyler You always go to the lake. 
is over the moon. the scum (west brom) have been relegated!! 
@lou34 why? are you reading underwater 
sat in harry ramsdens, looking out at the sea waiting for my fish &amp; chips 
Off to do some shopping- dsw, bb+b, west towne. 
In riverside wif my daddyy.  
@arthurnyc1 Don't make me come through this screen &amp; pour water on you!  #tcot #hhrs
going to get supplies to make kandi later 
the hills  what is twitter? its cutee ahahah
I have become addicted to the hills now 
On the road with the fam 
is bored and waiting for the hills to come on 
my little brothers baptism! he is sooo cute he smiled when they dipped him in the water 
@sasjag did you drive to donny? the new tarmac roads are awesome 
@ThomasFritts I'm so jealous. Mountains are my favorite! I told you there'd be tumbleweeds 
@annieonline not just run, but race. Was beat the bridge. I think I was crazy. 
Is goin to watch new episode of the hills 
is watching the hills !  X
@IHaveFleas get in a buggy and drive around after working the fields (that's what my grandfolks did) 
drinking the biggest ocean water, ever! i love that jordynn works at sinic now 
I love earthquakes ! 
@sabrina215 no. but if i was on that stupid canoe then it might have been me 
@dpburland - I've never felt one - even when I was in vicinity - but have never been anywhere over a 4.0 
@roshnimo i think this is a election rejoicement! tread the waters really carefully is all i can say! 
Swimming in the middle of the mojave desert...Its a beautiful oasis 
@mvellandi Just not on torrents. 
We didn't find a thresher shark... we lost an anchor 
dam it it didnt work gay shit dam it 
@whitsundays lol you get used to the earthquakes pretty fast around here 
@krispytater I think there's very little I'll miss about indian roads! 
@Barsala i so LOVEEEEE madila lake also 
@MissJahan LYJ thinks @delta_goodrem issssssss awesomeeee! 
@anz_rocks  x
LOL Thanks for the update! I'm drinking water. The same water I was drinking a few minutes ago. 
@aussielis cyclones, malaria, ross river fever, rivers you can't swim in, beaches you can't swim at...melb's not all bad! 
@nessie111 you should try!!! and while you're doing that, I'll go and drink some water! 
@KWatson813 it was lovely  we sat by the lake and watched wedding crashers etc...
love my new braces colour  blue rocks
water fills me up 
@jennitalula Actually not true, lights and water look really pretty together. Sparkage and water is less good though. 
@cheynevr ...dam right!!!!!!!!! 
@trepucci She has memories - and 30 miles - under her helmet now 
@stickypop Isn't that the island close to the land of ladyboys? Suspicious 
@ironmanj 300 miles on aerobars - just what the Chiropracter ordered 
@spittingcat I hadn't seen that @18bikes logo before - that rocks 
is happy to have the water back! 
@emilyrau are you safe across the pond? i need to know!!! 
@eglantinescake Is that who you are now? A collapsing bridge up close, but with a cyclone behind it? 
@thenewbnb We are all on the information 'super highway'..   not the information 'service lane' ..  ..
Is in colorado  don't see any mountains yet
watching the hills 
on the road, with gas and coffee. to masspike! one of my favorite roads 
Is at 5200 ft of elevation  but its still flat and no mountains lol
@BodyForWife that rocks!!!!!!!! can i jump on the #megalomaniacmonday bandwagon? 
@megarad melanie your coming to the river right? 
@nighttime_lies it means you are okay  I think.
@cphadley Or you could just eat all 6 now.  ::waves again from just a few miles away::
I didn't take bberry with me because my wankhands + bberry + fast flowing river = disaster 
i love king of the hill. it's the one with the emus!!! 
At the little cave, spelunking 
The whole laker crew needs tweehab 
@JoshSemans yup!  you back in the north west by then? i hope its not crap weather! 
@mintygibberish canyon cove. 
@iMatty I want you to know that both myself and wildlife and fuel will miss you tonight. Just that you would want to know 
@lancearmstrong YAY rush rocks 
Getting ready to hit the road! ohio here we commmmeeeee! 
@Toranika I live on the 65 route, so that having E8 double deckers as well just confused me... 
I LOVE ep of one tree hill, naleys second wedding 
finally startin to feel like i am getting to the top of the mountain . . 
@lafisher There are 2 @baskinrobbins near me less than 3 miles away in either direction.  And one is a drive thru! 
@astridallstar How was it at the camping? 
... Although it's fun chatting with you guys along the road 
I won't have internet access at the lake, so I'll catch up on tweets when I get back. 
...after doing an approximately 4.5 kilometer jog 
@laurencenotso come lodge 
fucking TGIFFFF !!!!! the west side awaits 
ruins. bye. 
likes the #augmented reality #island of #ovos http://www.ovos.at/flar/ -- would like to see a real island of #tonga 
off to the shore with @alyssatacopino @kimODP and some other legits 
On the ferry to staton island. 
@sonnygill We've decided to go camping at a local lake. The little one is bouncing out of his socks in excitement. 
heading down the shore 
going to go rollerblading by the lake again 
Evidently segregation in limestone is just as bad as in society.  
@isfan We aren't perfect, but we try to make up for it in other areas 
No big deal, I plan on ending up on an island with a hut and a dive boat! 
No traffic till we hit two lanes... Why couldn't it have lasted? 
penn station - west hampton bound 
Waking up late rocks. 
I love water like seriously,   cant live without out it babyy
Yay...another win...I get my water meter outside my property rather than 2 doors down and no longer need to rip up neighbours driveway 
i need vitamin water,please gimme vitamin water 
5.55 miles, whoo! god I'm gross 
@SirDrey I hop u drope ur sk in some water 
@CouchSurfingOri crater lake is awesomely beautiful...but it is sacred indian ground...can put off some heebie-jeebieness 
water rafting, snorkling, the maxima water slide..... haha.. kulang nlg zipline!! 
@ashmegaskin we're kicking you out of the south just so you know. 
Off to highlands 
@TermanologyST So when you comin out to the bay 
@PaganDemon well i don't know if you ALWAYS can or what... i can't just assume you will chauffeur me over the hill 
ooo king of the hill is on 
@Ravels aw. The bay will miss you too. 
I'm on a highway that leads to my highway I'd rather not get off. I lovee youu! 
@sammartino strange fumes the fire brigade are trying to find according to @774melbourne stream 
@KristinCav   I am so excited to see you on the hills!  
is going to enjoy breakfast outside at the beautiful countryside of Kustavi 
on the road again 
printing pics of my beautful river phoenix 
Off to ruins. 
@dougiemcfly loving the idea about having our own colony captain poynter. you find the island, i will provide the transport 
