Most common words for this cluster:
[('way', 2578), ('lol', 90), ('things', 63), ('home', 48), ('day', 47), ('u', 47), ('time', 46), ('today', 37), ('airport', 37), ('amp', 35), ('haha', 34), ('im', 34)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'way', 0.9254475235939026), (u'Johnnie_Baston_die', 0.6241956949234009), (u'thing', 0.6080395579338074), (u'PRESIDENT_OBAMA_Hello', 0.6065222024917603), (u'really', 0.6039348840713501), (u'A.It_s', 0.6023897528648376), (u'just', 0.6002209186553955), (u'ANDY_RODDICK_Yeah', 0.5997947454452515), (u'MICHELLE_WIE_Yeah', 0.595608115196228), (u'MARIA_SHARAPOVA_Uhm', 0.5945992469787598)]





@ColinDeMar Far too out of the way for rail.  any other tips?
Coming down with a cold or bad allergies. Either way, I'm miserable! 
Waking up to the sound of jackhammers is not a pleasant way to start the day. 
@jmielcarz send some of that warmness my way.... it's cold 
 there is no way i can go to school today im way to sick
On our way to the hospital... please keep praying. 
Looks like rain today, bet it buckets down as soon as I step outside front door, always the way !!!!, downhill all the way from today 
Just had a great time... that is if I forget about the fight on the way back... 
on my way to sales training, really don't wanna i want learn, but i'm afraid i have to 
I'm having some trouble partitioning my external hard drive, i cant get it the way i want it.. 
@Bobzilla I have 18 planted and another 18 on the way. Its the potatoes I think I have overdone  time will tell.
blehhhhhhhhh way to early , *feels like puking* 
@cheechbud Aww thats beautiful in a sad way but true... 
way jealous of lauren going to see go audio tonight 
@TomFelton omg that sounds amazing! i live all the way in bangkok so I don't get the chance to see shows like these  enjoy!
is way too illin' to go out this day   Perhaps someone could send me well wishes?
@curlyluddite It hasn't asked  Always the way with the good uns ;)
@sxytime The medicine is already down sexy time  and it was not in a delightful way lol
This is a lot harder than I realized, but I know this is the only way to go in order to be happy in the long run.  Just right now it sucks
Also, bullying stories hit way too close to home 
I am going to try and walk all the way to work (5.2 miles) at least once a week I think. I'm 18 stone 
@KennelRuth I totally agree... I have both of them half way done and wanted them completed by today 
ok on my way to the airport...no I not going anywhere  picking someone up
On my way to airport, saying bye to the kids was soooo hard 
Why do we have to gv xams! isn't knowing just enough!..........generations of oppressed students must have felt the same way as I do... 
its okay I don't mind. I dont ...no way. but I do 
@perezhilton I'm so sad u feel that way!  I hope u meet him afterwards, he's totally awesome and nice
@kyleconnecticut no fucking way. 
It has been so long since I made ramen that I forgot how to make it the way I like. 
my life is going exactly the way i want to minus the fact that i leave in a week 
I'm on my way home from sponge docks. I forget about my twitter too often 
hey, its way 2 nce out to work 
got way too drunk last night and fell down  I really should stop drinking and making a fool of myself.
I need a way to get to the kid liberty show tonight  any takers?
On the way to coachella stuck in traffic...buddah bust 
@wayneford white sofas are definitely amazing! couldn't have them with a kid on the way though 
@primaryposition kills you in what way?I can't drink red-gives me heartburn 
I have a feeling of general all over ickiness. Not usually a good sign, if I get emotional, migraine is on the way 
my abuelas cooking is so goooood!!! but there isn't any pega left  and i ate way too much but what else is new..
@zaibatsu Yes!! That way I don't get homesick 
I HATE the way my blog looks 
To @RavenGeordie &amp; @whizaway: Only made it 6 miles.  It was way too hot and I drank too much water at mile 4 and had to battle cramps 
2 minute noodles tasted way better when i was at uni 
@Erardo yeah somewhere along the way Kelly got it in her head that she sucks, and now she actually does. 
i hope what you said she did to you was untrue, and by the way, i still am so deep in love with you. 
So there is no way to get back to my house. I live where it floods extremely bad. There are police blocking one way and too much H2O 
if freaking the fuck out! way to many assignments due!!! 
wondering why his tweets don't find their way to #asot400 like they should be 
yeah half way through the conversation i started to get ready 
my hair goes 3/4 the way down my back, and my mum wants me to cut it 
what do i do when the girl i like,likes alcohol and drugs way better than me??? 
i've tweeted way too much about this,, but i'm still doing my bloody holiday homework,, its starting to get just a little irritating now 
@MissNixs 8am is way toooooo early for a sunday!! 
damn, walked all the way downstairs, forgot my tea cup!  almost done... 
I don't know if there was just a tiny earthquake or if it was a dream... either way I'm awake and scared right now 
sigh. this financial crisis is getting way too far already 
@TraceyMorroll :O - omg this is not going my way is it 
needs help - reformatted and drivers won't install for audio.  Crashes half way through.
on my way back from the cape. wish we coulda stayed longerrr 
@jamiev1980 no way then I can't go on holiday!! 
What a wicked game to play, to make me feel this way.. what a wicked thing to do, to let me dream of you... 
Why doesn't trafic rules apply to cyclists? Running red lights, ignoring stop signs and give way rights.. don't like this! 
I try to understand what is the point in twitter. It is still a long way to go, I suspect 
in tha caaaaar on the way to the dorms. bye spring break 
@iheartuteddie if we were in paris we would be on our way to the metro now 
Wish I had carpe-d the weekendem way more now that this rough week begins and I do not have enough fun under my belt to combat it. 
its way too early i want to go back to bed, I really do not want to go to college, and its soo unfair my brothers got a inset day 
@b4k4n3k0 the only way i will ever be able to get close to beautiful women is if i develop a resistance to mace 
@ahd0rkieebutt yess..we went all over mostly japan town tho..what happen to your voice?? mines gone too  way gay lol
On the bus on the way to skool  noooooooooo!!!!
what is the simplest / best way to manage performance? The more we look at it the more rules get added 
I absolutely hate seeing my mom this wayy !  I wish there was a way for her to get better 
@kristarella No way! We're cool. I'm still following you, kiddo. I'm confused as to why I've lost other champion locals otherwise 
cleaned a good portion today. half way decent. entry way and my room weren't touched however 
It's 4:19 and I've yet to fall asleep. There's no way I can drive to the city by myself today 
on my way to the doc first blah... i need some love 
@lunapuella I didn't mean saucy in a literal way 
@Teelou lmfao nah there are quite a few jobs around me, but there all like a hour a way and i cant get there 
is on his way to school....shit 
Sussing out twitter.. here's me hoping it was a two way thing 
@atebits sites.fastspring.com is taking its sweet time to do this transaction.  Is it my internets, or is it their payment g/way?
i just wish there was SOME way for me to go australia. i miss everyone there. 
On my way to work. in nj. Yay 
work.. 15 mins late  totally forgot i was supposed to way early
@jl_legend no way 
On my way to work waiting for the train  I am extremely late
@luvmichy sorry i havent been on animal crossing....like....at all D: ive been way to busy to play  has caty or ruthy ask where i was? lol
up way too early, hubby snoring  check out the new peace necklace i posted www.therobinandsparrow.etsy.com
930am is way too early for a studio ballet final. 
I never thought that everything wud end this way, you can take a blue sky and turn it grey, I swore to u that i wud do my best to change. 
@criticalmass always have to find a way to hate on the leafs..   poor leafs (mousing over the title)
$MS choppy waters so jumped ship - way too soon 
on our way out the hotel to go home 
should be asleep but i am not feeling well. in a bad high kind of way... need to stop for a while. 
AWALE but if i go shower, as usual, i'll probably get in someone's way 
on my way to the airport, don't feel like leaving france 
@SpanglySi  Harrumpf... lucky you, it's raining up this way!! No fair. 
@MrAnderson313 I feel the same way no diving for me until 8:30 though 
@TheAvenged way too fiddly for me and just to sensitive  im clumsy lol
On my way to second class but its like a mile away that sucks 
Sure is ronery in the car at 7am with no way to listeb to anything. 
woke up way too early and way too sick in my belly 
@colinsteers Aw man, way to bring the bad things back... 
He gets paid to help me!! why treat me diff than other customers? then he tells his friend that I'm hot &amp; stares at me all the way out!! 
@ThePenQueen i'm sorry to hear that, liz.  you have to try to think that maybe it happened this way for a reason.
HeartBroken... I'm sad that he takes advantage of the way I feel about him 
anybody know a nice herbal way to kill moths?  i have a major problem. 
@lozzz I agree. If the crowd are helping, getting out of the way is the best thing to do. but the only one - I'd do my best 
@no_surprises I wish my period would find it's way to me 
@mamasvan But hawt in a weird al kind of way 
why cant he see how the way feel about him 
Wondering if shit should have went down the way did 
@BenjaminEllis just tried the way back machine, but the sites way too young. 
thinks he spends way too much on perfumes 
@Wiiloveit: You send tweets way too fast for me 
@Sammeh_ I'm using an N95, best way to use twitter on it is the mobile site. Trying to convince one of my parents to take it off my hands 
On my way to take the SATs  i know they are supposed to be easy ( or so i hear) but i hate taking these tests
@180bysummer shame it'll all be over forever soon  just watched ep 5 of inbet. by the way, not as good as the others, still class though.
is way sad. 
hate not getting my own way 
me cos of the way i acted yesterday. wish i could turn back time. i wanna be outside, but im stuck inside 
@dikeough I love getting noogies!  Too bad you're all the way over there! 
@musicalee a funeral?   bummer! maybe it'll cheer u up in a weird way! it'll make u happy that u get to live another day bright side!
missed my nail appt!...  well on my way 2 my little cousins softball game!
Things never seem to work out the way I need them to.. No new car for me 
....outside is so Lovely...too bad i cant stay out longer bc of the way i feel 
@benz87 tell me about it, nearly crashed on way here. Too much to think about. I can't cope!! 
@boburnham Wish I knew some way of making sure you get this tweet...  don't know if you will or not 
swine flu got all the way to suffolk county   i have it
@tinkerina aawwww. I felt the same. and getting my period didn't help me in any way 
@emzsy Don't push yourself too hard with revision.  is there any way I can help with anything?
Searching (or just waiting??) for a way out of my vivious cycle!! 
@TatianaToT on our way to get lunch then meeting up with some universal staff, allergies are killin me tho 
What is this like number 8 tonight? I'm so sick of getting in my own way.  ..tracksterrr
@sleabo Do share. I'm about 1/3 the way through what I need to do 
The newspaper didnt lie. Lets just hope it doesn't stay this way. 
on my way to element i fell and messed up my leg 
trying to post something on my Blurty but my thoughts get in the way. 
i'm way too interested in resident evil 5. now i need a ps 3 and the game 
@SincereBC it's way too boring though.. @ELoXL won't give me anything to work with 
my retainer is way tight right now   i shouldn't have kept it out so long :/
Is way chill. And misses all the tweeple that don't tweet anymore 
needs to take that medicine...all the way in the kitchen 
lol, it's probably way to late for anyone to read this, but i'm not going to sleep. i'm weening myself onto a new schedule. its 3:36 
..on my way to the in-laws 
On the way to walk got hunger.  There is a screaming child next to me 
i am so tired of work  nothing to do for now, lets keep it that way pleaseeee
@thevoyager and i guess the only way to clean the dust is by opening it 
@crabsoneyes Popinas was too packed  though we did debate it on the way home. Doubledinner!
anyone have a better way of getting to london from manchester ?? i cant afford 6 trains   i NEED to go to that concert !!
@RobertsEmma Loooong way to go before that happens 
My ds is dead cause i was leveling up way to much 
i can't believe, its monday again!! weekend goes way too fast 
@raamdev turns out my attention span is way shorter than that 
Why can't the parents stop fighting for 5 seconds? All the way on the other side of the house and I can hear them 
on my way homr from ct 
@iCONtips i wish my bro would send some my way (hint hint) 
@eeshkapeesh sorry you feel that way. 
@OluDuyile two semesters is way too many. 
@heatherchu I wouldn't be this way if you talked to your black neighbor more 
things don't usually work the way you want them to. 
On my way home...back to the real world 
@cow_grrrl sigh I am on my way to work already 
learning way too much about cabinet hinges only to find no one makes what we need. 
damn ist monday! on way to work..... i love it 
:O no way!!!!!!! he was in x-men origins!? okay. now I HAVE to see it (: i miss charlie 
@ashleybella i apologize if you are refering to me. i didnt mean anything i said in a bad way. 
I hope they come up with a cure for migraines very soon, a not so great way to end the day. 
@joeymcintyre I will definitely be there in spirit as no way can get in person 
Just stubbed my toe on my way to my bed   it hurts... And now i lost my sleepy 
I'm up way too late... what the heck!?  I hate falling asleep whilst working.
@sn0wcr4sh the team is spread to pieces in different cities and offices..no way this easy way  i want to make it work more cooperatively
On the way to the hospital. 
 will be working all the way to 10pm  dis week,
I hate it when things don't go the way they're supposed to and I can't figure out why not 
@jennimiller76 Absolutely... your cat might be trying to steal your breath while you sleep... I've been waking up way too early too 
on my way to school, jammin to acceptance. i miss them 
On my way back 2 skool 4 finalz and then out for the summer.......on the other hand I'm feeling kinda of neglected by the one 
ate way way to much food today, feel terrible  lol
I was on my way to guitar lessons, when suddenly the rain fell. I got completely wet from head to toe. So did my poor guitar. 
Is way beyond confused  Someone tell me what to do...
@missxedge I know!  we had to get a train I guess were going to fame first then making our way over!
I need coffee in a bad way 
I hit every light on my way to class. Now I'm late 
goodbye long hair. make way for kinda shorter hair! 
This class is pointless.. I got inches from hitting a dog on the road.. Some AH was on my tail all the way to school.. And I'm tired. 
On my way to court,  wish me luck. 
@lilmissfootyfan lol, I didn't even DO anything to it. It's just ridic swollen and sore and I have no idea why. It just gave way 
Rapidly coming to the conclusion that there's no way to edit this film together and have it look good. It looks like it was cut by chimps 
feels some type of way about burying a dog i had for more than 10 years 
My eyes are way too tired. I shouldn't have opted to finish my book last night instead of sleeping. 
must have slept the wrong way, neck and shoulders hurt lots. 
@QueenQLee I feel the same way... I miss my mommy 
So I think I have finally hit rock-bottom... so I guess the only way to look now is up... I hope? 
on the way back to the unit ..... the shopping has ceased 
I'm getting tired of having these damn migraines...  I'm ill, and not in a fresh way!
doing homework by the way..  and it is 1am here! :O
about to go to bed. ive been way too stressed out lately. and feel so helpless for some ppl. 
is is is is is way sad 
@realz  figure out a way to make it work well... its not worth a lifetime of misery! bring back that flame!!
@carmsense girl... I have a long way to go  and uuuu?
i love it how when you are on your way home and really have to use the restroom.. you hit every. single. red light.. 
@katetron oh no way!!  no friggin way
@soulsong4ever  I'm sorry u feel that way   It wasn't intentional on my part .
aww, shame monkey world was a bit on a let down... all that way for one type of monkey and about an hours walk round... 
Oh hell no!  I smell skunk!!  What a way to ruin a weekend.  
@Ceeceeliu just took a nap but slept way too long, so i ended up waking at like 2:30 
@thepostaboy no way never, I'm just having SERIOUS problems at home 
Oh god...off to the airport...way too f'ing early...or late 
@NovaWildstar Why is you not well enough to drive here picking up @alicephilippa up on the way  *sulk*
crap, finals have actually turned me nocturnal...or maybe just college in general. either way, i can't sleep 
On the way to church... There is something in my eye, 
is really in no way looking forward 2 skool 2moro! at least need one more day off...   why oh why school??!
@ArtyTheCat I never found a way of skipping the medicine 
@Bathbad What a way to go indeed, but the tramps he does will end up leaving and not saying anything, I'd find (or smell) the body!!! 
OK so i bought the desk. then returned it straight away, looked nothing like it said in the discription. way small! 
on the way to lax tired and its waaaay to early 
As is often the way with these things, my subway wasn't nearly as good as I'd fantasised 
on my way to work, blah...i'd rather be still in bed cuddling with eric and puppy 
@dos4gw haha hell no, rubens and kimi are my favourites by a long way. just sucks that rubens got screwed by his own team  
@rae3rae I was there for the licking and the blowing part of the party, I just had to miss the toys in order to get all the way up north! 
if i had one wish....just one. it would be for things to go back to the way they used to be..back when...he still loved me 
Just talked to my momma...I feel far way. 
Tired of the wind lord lord my stomach hurts and i'm on my way to work 
@theladyisugly Much well-wishes regarding your mother, by the way. 
getting so drunk that you have to be put to bed at a party is way not cool. sorry everyone 
@b_snags theres no way i was going inside.. i wish i wasnt that drunk so i could have 
why does bbci player hate me, its my only way to watch my programmes 
My girlfriend is deathly ill and on her way to the hospital 
My amazing weekend is over  it was indeed amazing and i was not let down in any way. I get to sleep in my own bed!!!
I hate when progress meters go the wrong way. 
My step-dad's driving always makes me sick. And now mix that with being way too full, it's not good. &amp; we have like a 30 to 45 min drive 
@5toSucceed No, help is NOT on its way! I have to wait till tomorrow! I want to cry. 
This sucks... I slept away the evening and now I won't go back to sleep til way late 
@mozy19 same here!! I already did  was getting way to annoying... I finally look like I'm civilized again LOL
(cannot say this eloquently) I will enjoy these last few days of freedom before the destiny and fate have their way with me... 
My gosh!  I wish I were rich... even if I just had a slight abundance of cash, that would be good.  It used to be that way for me 
Someone didn't react the way I wanted him to when given his awesomely suprising gift 
@shannonpaul I know  I'm completely open to any and all of the above; my schedule is way less busy than yours; it's your call.
just broke one of my nails in a really fucked up way, had to cut all of them really short 
still haven't find any way to use frontpage 
just call me chippy, with the way im going through my teeth. 
On my way into uni. 
woow way to much shoes! still like them all... which one shall I throw away?? allready one pear in the trash.. 
On my way back home from the hostpital..... in a lot of pain 
life is getting way to hard for me now.... am not going down that road again i hope...broken hearted and sad 
it's way too early and way too wet outside. my yard boy had to reschedule 
@tommcfly i cant , its way to far  if i had the train money i would goo all the way from caterham xxx
@toneaasheim wow she fucked them up that bad?  I figured she had made a few holes on her way to the top.
@TClub09 I know I thought how rubbish I had been  sorry, I shall make it up to you in many ways! x
i can not believe how big my baby is getting they grow way to fast    http://twitpic.com/55kog
I don't know what to do tomorrow.  People will get angry at me either way.
On way to pick up new motor  last chance to drive the mx5 
@djfog86 aww, isn't that the way it always happens with your fantasy team? 
@oliviamunn the way the lakers have been playing we could use u 
On my way to the airport to say goodbye to my brother who goes back to australia 
@AlwaysConvinced noooo I'm on the west!In the bay!!  but I'm tryin to make my way to ny this summer! And atl!
been doing hw for like an hour and not even half way through it yet 
@JeffCole53 way way too busy, falling short on my twitter duties, almost missed the update deal they pulled, bad decision 
@jkthreethousand hoping you recover soon  *sending healthy thoughts your way*
@aplusk wut??? no way! 
@MissSuccess could have had some too but someone is gettin in the way 
On my way to do my paper round 
Didnt think i drank so much...but it doesnt feel that way  ohhhhhh
@dudeitscarlos no i don't look 12! and yes, so cute! i &lt;3 my puppy, but he's all the way in taiwan..sad 
@mekkanikal wait wait...i hv a long way to go...i still suck at it 
its scary when friends get too drunk. sorry for all the times i was this way 
@dannyjClayton arm and stepping on my feet and getting in my way cos you was too tall  i hate you.... nah jks ur awesome 
@caittlynnn hmm, no way you can get out quicker? just cause i'll have to wait in gos 
on my way to the airport 
@tsuvik I have think tried both.. seemic n twhirl.. not as much impressed either ways! 
keeps avoiding but knows that's not the way to solve the matters. 
on the way.I wish my mom could go with me 
oh no...i'm takin it way too easy..  i should be rushin through my studies right now.. lol
this afternoon, my cousin helped me to fix the pc, but it only succeeded half way, still can't work properly 
half way through an essay... reached a mental bloke... and run out of milo 
@iamfiction I have no way of getting a hold of her 
@knancy @ollie242 no way! That is just nuts! 
Needs a way to graduation 
On my way to tescos this is what happens when i get bored ... Its gna rain  &lt;3
it's over....on our way to the airport 
@pasCHITOWN I know..it's great...but the ground is way too dirty with all the old gum(eww) to be doing that. 
use that method obvisouly! So this will be a much better and safer way I think! my movie maker still keeps freezing though so no video 
Just on my way to start nightshift 
On the way to cake class...my cake needs A LOT of help 
@princesspixel Our score sheet was way different to the official scores 
way to bring me down today ..  wasnt really expecting my grad dinner to go that way.   thank u to every1 who watched it online!. POPUT&lt;3
@ChrisBerserk woauw!! no way is that them...they look like morons...they've changed soo much....i miss when we were all younger.  lychriss
On my way to bed and I'm missing the company of my daughter. 
@skahealot  what's he doing all the way in england?
@Travuller: by the way- gimme your number. we don't talk enough. 
i got internet back!!! oh man... i am on it way too much 
sarge went missing after the earthquake. no way he could have gotten out but we have searched every where. i might cry soon 
On the way to dancing...crawling in traffic on the motorway 
i am up way to early for my liking! got to go to college 
@pstainthorp If wolframalpha doesn't know I guess we'll have to do it the hard way - proper research 
Does anyone think that, after 6 months, I should stop feeling guilty about the way my last relationship ended? I can't stop 
If there be any way to stop death, I'm on its trail 
argh everytime i write what im on it goes up one more there is not possible way to get around it and avoid this delima. 
@sarcastica  nope!  But I'm on my way to work 
This whole up way too early thing is not working..5:30am is no bueno..trying to get back to sleep  at least family guy is on lol
@jessicasimm all of them haha but my inspiration board mainly... way too much cream  how's yours going?
@smallchick aww lucky! all i have is some crappy stawberry one. i thought it was nice but it aint  send some my way ;D
@SooYeonKim bulgogi yes i had some in korea but unfortunatly not with letuce and eat by hands  i relly want to try it that way!
napped for way too long, again. sick of being sick.. really need to do history study but my brain is all foggy 
I have a dead i-pod and no way to revive it  There's no way I'm sitting on a 13 hour plane flight without music!
@brooner  You poor thing. I heard the mouse plugs last night by the way..
@Qilly what way? barbeque? you're gonna invite me...aren't you? 
awful cold, can't breathe out of my nose  sleeping my way through school today
is on the way to work dreading this commute  so I shall nap n hope I don't miss my stop
nightmares.  not a great way to wake up.
@Macfack I know, it's rubbish &amp; it totally defeats the point of twitter being a community. 1-way communication for the self-promoters now 
Getting drenched on the way to uni and sitting in the library soaking wet is never fun  *shivers*
@LaurieleeWaul nothin on my way to my tutor.  boo
is really bummed with mango airlines right now!! ticket prices r goin up way2fast!!! 
I have way too many photos to scan. I'm pooped. 
@dominicmasters Hope works ok i didnt get up till 11.00 and elt way groggy 
My shoulder is giving me lots of grief!! I think it is the way I sleep 
On our way to the airport 
@marygoulden yep, sucker big time, it's just not fair the way he put it, and now jordan saying about 2010 cruise, looks like i'll miss it 
It's so hard to live this way when your heart is a million miles away. 
Putting own not currently focused app to foregound makes me crazy. I do not seem to find a rialable way of doing this 
feel way worse today i need to talk to her   
All ironed out, its my own fault i should get them out of the drier when its done not 4 hours later, they'd take less ironing that way 
didnt get movement from the gbp/usd the way i expected 
One the way home... more first class freebies, but also pins and needles in my foot 
On our way to louisville. About ten miles left of oklahoma   *sigh*
@selenagomez i talk about you all the time...but in a good way. does that mean i have a small mind? 
On my way home  no more mom. This sucks.
@jasminanguyen im way more stupid  how could i be so blind
On the way to photoshoot and feel like ass !  x
@martinigyrl79 on our way to oceans now 
@nico78 :-D I just wanted someone to join me and perhaps free tickets were the only way... 
youtube takes way to long to upload 
husband just deleted all of my opera tabs (about 20 of them) with no way to restore them. this day's looking up. 
ate way to much pizza 
@bethfinan_x tell me about it, i was ragin when i read it in the paper! he was way better  xxx
@mattwilliamson my sunrise was like that too, only the tree was much closer and more in the way. and some houses blocking it too 
When can you consider yourself going insane? On my way to work early. Conference call first thing 
On my way for a root canal! Yay me 
@wiredonritalin I wish I could but there is no way I can take it with me  It must stay with the condo. The new peeps will love it though.
@anikainlondon hopefully i can make my way to london soon, but i'm not the one who decides where i play.. 
@crlphoto snuggle on the couch and way a good movie. It's to yucky outside to go anywhere 
@dstarpro So much of what I am is a blessing and a curse. I suppose thats the best way to say it 
@doriandavis probably just wandering and shopping. I have to work on a brief on the bus on the way back this evening 
@kiimu Excited for this travesty... that is a good way to put it. I have a feeling it will make my heart hurt though. 
I got up way to early for no reason at all...now i cant go back to sleep 
still loves him  and i don't know if he still feels the same way. should i ask him or not? :/
@hairguru  I couldn't send you a dm. I've got a coworker that's always up your way - she needs style! - &amp; we may need gift certificates.
@CrisBrown what happened tho? Been offered an interview in wolves, but its kinda staffs side of wolves which is way too far 
Has done his nice guy duty for the day. On my way to work. 
@prettyinpunk1 no way we cuda went  i didnt even no bout them bein in manchester
had to break into my house the scary way  was awesome though.
@stereojorge I'm way better than @kriskoran!!!!!    disappointed in your choices jorge
passed last years spot watchd 4th july fireworks at in havasu on way 2 launch ramp. memories! 
Guess there's a first time for everything, my cars broken down on the m1 and I've got the rac on the way 
@threeeightbeatz  lip poked way out
@classyPYNK it is indeed a great organization that helps men who hate their circ. They wished they have not being violated in that way 
@LaRussia what?!  you should never feel that way especially on your bday.
By the time I ever get around to writing some kind of message I am way too tired!  So unfortunately I have nothing interesting to say 
I'm just a little unsure about you, you said I don't trust you but you made it that way...I do and I don't 
@WoWInsider so cruel.  i can't vote 3:5 are good friends..   So a 3-way tie @fimlys, @kikirowr, @omgitsafox
Thinks this bed is way too big for one person.    it always hits at night.
in other news...learning the hard way not to give myself a haircut 
@FoursquSchool yup, it sucks not having a way to get to more concerts...it's complicated 
What is the best way to get over someone who has broken your heart!? 
the fullerton stop needs way more seating it is 1am and i do not want to be upright anymore 
needs to get a new wallet soon as the current one is giving way. 
On my way to get my poor car checked out again 
took alt uphill route on way home, still sucked + traffic w/no shoulder  do i dare try again tomorrow? just need to remember shoes...
i put way too much soy sauce on my rice 
@rweiher couldn't agree more. But the way twitter is setup now it seems we're all stuck in our little circle with no getting out 
my job sucks way bad 
@k_hack  I was just passing through on my way to meet someone so I couldn't stay for long.  Such a perfect day for it though.
@mrskutcher there has to be a better way to dispose of food. Americans are so wasteful. 
Processing 3:2 pulldown takes way too long. 
@witenike yeah, I saw it earlier... it was pouring. I was on my way to class, grrrr of course it tapered off as soon as I got on the bus 
@mr_503 Your way to happy about that 
on my way to seven with everyone for phanny's going away! 
@destine4more, you are always getting in harms way when driving 
applying for more jobs, online is the way to go it seems 
So im guessing I need to sit down and sleep that way because when I lay down I cant breath 
@brianshaler hopefully not the same way our parents avoided explaining the '50s and '60s. 
my stomach issues have now brought me down to 145lb. i really can't go any lower  send positive vibes/pray my way that this is figured out
my stomach issues have now brought me down to 145lb. i really can't go any lower  send positive vibes my way/pray that this is figured out
Up early(as usual) on my way to skul to study....got a paper at 12....yea i kno....i lost 
@benballer  no way! damn that sucks B!  are you ok?
Morning tweeple,way to early again 
sometimes i wish things could go back to the way they were the beginning of last summer 
@kateisbored I feel the same way, but I guess no matter where you are there will always be memes. 
i lost mx way 
On way to exam, very very nervous  bah
Trying to get to sleep but my migraine is getting in the way 
not looking forward to dress shopping tomorrow. so afraid there's no way i'll be able to get what i want 
Its beginning to get way too hard to please all of my friends at once 
@binncheol  I'm afraid so. All tour I have had people refusing to believe that I am anything else... Irish all the way.
@jassily but ... but it's michael bay ...*sigh* i'm sorry, love - didn't know you felt that way about it   XD
On my way home in the sunshine with a bag full of my stuff from work... 
@sengming learning tat the scenic way  din plan to go town but somehow was herded there? 
@memow what did you think of the finale?  I thought it was kind of a cheap way out 
Really? 87 degrees as the high and I'm on my way to work?!?  hagg lake tomorrow is going to be especially bomb sauce!!
on my way to work! working sucks big time 
We waste way too much paper @ the office... for nothing worthy, that almost disgust me 
It will if I do it in a round about way. I ahve to copy the public contacts into my personal contacts first.  no big deal
@brewstermax true but if I don't put a case on it I'll break it in a week.  don't worry ill find a way to make it work.
@dlanham hey is there a way u can make a somatic theme for leopard? some themes have installers already that are shapeshifter independent 
working my way through this casualties discography.  have to pull weeds later  ...
on my way to work been off for four days and i really really dont wont to go!  
i feel some type of way cause im not talkin to anyone... 
Just noticed @ubertwiter didn't get the location right again!  Maybe a way to preview it before sending would be handy??
@cazob  okay i need to find another way then lolz
dissapointed in every way....confused... and damaged by the ugly love bug 
she's gone   I miss my kay way already
@InEveryWordISay no cuz i feel the same way.... 
@kerlikoiv very familiar.....sorry you're feeling that way 
on my way to driver's training 
Just saw up with my favorites and surprisingly it was way too sad 
miss him way to much... just cnt stop thinking of him   nite nite folkkz...
@LaurenHaleStorm yeah, we're on our way home 
stoped broadcasting on blogtv coz they all left  and was on my own and one one came any way xD
my msn crashes way too much  hmph
@ebrettrubin i dont get one? fine! i say texting is way more meaningful than twittering 
On my way to the viewing! 
twit, my way out of grad traffic.  
@YakfisherNet no way to comment on site unless you are a member 
on my way to shreveport to forget all the bad things he's brought into my life 
@aimzy24 I'm sorry, but x-men sucks... in a bad way!  ;p
on my way to orlando and its raining 
On my way to work, I'm kinda sad 
@Holls77 haha I tried covering it with make up.. It doesn't work  lol so wearing a scarf is the way to go.
@necca16 I feel like you keep getting the shaft.. And not in the way that I like 
@afathersheart2 I am so sorry  I will pray for you and send positive strength your way. I feel so bad. What can I do to help?
hates being in between sizes  Not in the I'm dieting way, the difference between my age and what's appropriate for work :/
I am tired... think I might crash. What a tragic way for the party cat to end her night. 
That the way they're telling you in advance they will want something from you. LOL 
so tired i almost hit someone on the way back. sorry, unexpected pedestrian 
@verofiraptor ..fallout rules. I was about half way through when i deleted windows by accident 
@DJJAZZYJOYCE you got way too much records yo. now we pack all that on a memory stick. lol. i still aint get saroto yet. i miss records 
@lindersarah talk about it i left me purse :s and so we had to drive all the way back and ya i still dnt have it :s 
Ugh..I think I took two pills instead of just one...I hate when I forget if I already took my medicines...I have way to much on my mind 
Whenever I lose my remote or keys, I feel like calling them lol. If only it worked that way. 
My bed feels empty  its going to be this way for ten weeks in a week!
Somethings biting me...not in a good way 
On my way to airport. Msh lemes,but still have a plane to catch @ 12.35 to Surabayaaa..huhuuhuh.. 
likes the way (s)he moves in her belly, but would like to sleep at night 
@mileycyrus dont feel   what could be making you this way?
this is a shit way to start my holidays. 
On my way to work...yes I know its a saturday 
I wish we were playing robot scrabble... That way I could use the word beepy 
@mileycyrus is it one of those  when you don't know why ur  or do you know what's making you feel that way?
@tina5673 it's a shame i didn't breakdance my way across the stage (which i almost did!) because then you would remember me 
@nickjfrost forgive me for saying that sounds like a terrible way to pass the time!  hope you can get back to sleep tonight. 
@ether_radio I can't help being gullible.. my mommy borned me this way 
These trees are in the way   http://twitpic.com/68vxi
courtneys baby is so cute i want one asap, damn life getting in the way of my wants 
is on her way to a party..with out her bestfriend an is ment to be doing a speech which she has no clue in what to say 
@slinqui - Ugh, I just wish there was a way to move over all my posts. I'd hate to start from scratch, you know? 
@Blueyedsimba ..dont think theres a way 
arrg! my toe hurts  why did that wall have to be in the way when i kicked the air haha
got a new hairdo, but I'm not to happy about it. it's way to short 
@Gastos84 See if we can get a four way game.  cc_star had a convenient escape plan when i challenged him 
feels like a headache is on the way 
what would i give to be at #asylm right now? by the way it was cruel for @mishacollins to leave us hanging after his last tweet. 
@matsism by the way, no kaziranga  it is open, but it won't be worth a visit in this weather. So, I have to come back - for many things!
I'm on my way to the airport I don't wanna leave my parents but I have to work 
On my way to take mom and Jisele to the airport. 
@hmtangx i just finished watching pb. omgsh its so sad  but yeah it was for the best. good ending in a way... but so sad 
on the way to my house now. fun times over 
ive got nothing,there are simply too many of them and they have way more time/energy than i do, so i give up.go ahead &amp; talk 
How much more can a person break?I'm shattered...there's no possible way for me to break down even more 
On my way to church... I look like I just got out of bed  ... I need some gel
is  way sicker than yesterday 
Is up way to early  fml
on our way to open at memaws tonight!!!!!! missin our photographer 
So I'm on my way to cricket  they better not make me play
@SaraHuard well maybe you outta tell me about these things before they happen, that way I can actually go and have fun.  
On the way out to go shopping 
@CH35C44  don't worry about it. is there any possible way you can go?
Why does everything have to be so expensive  looks like I'll have to do it the hard way...
Still sick     on my way to the barbershop
On my way to the airport 
On my way to the airport to drop off my mom! 
4 cm   long way to go
I sure hope there is a good major change coming my way. 
@petrivoges yea go figure... and probibly not in a good way... 
@BMK812 ughhhh u guys suck  im way jealous
On the way to the airport 
On the way to a girlfriends going away party   http://myloc.me/26cZ
On the road again...its way to beautiful of a day to be driving 
It is way worse to see his head get blown off. It showed every part of it 
@marquis66  Much love coming your way.
@SittingOnPretty awwww iWanna gooooo iDnt have a way tho.! 
all the way in town, forgot to go by and pick up my phonecharger at work, so now I'll have to go all the way back 
the trimester has officially begun, 2nd week and I'm already way behind on everything 
@autumneffect I hate it when I go to get my hair done &amp; it doesn't come out the way I had hoped. So sad. 
I know 1 way to make this place perfect. But I'm thinking my mAzda will grow wings and fly before that dream comes true 
@josepicardo It works for me until half way down the screen. 
@robborover  horrible way to lose, can't imagine what lads must be feeling 
@ladyofsalzburg Probably a long way from yours sadly...  
@snow_whitex yeah. unfortunately thats part of the reason they make you feel that way 
@RAZNKN I will. It's definitely feeling that way. I wanted soundcheck more than the other.   oh well.
@Rhuaridh I'm not sure it'll help any, but I've been known to feel the same way. Unfortunately, I haven't found a remedy for that one yet 
Its a tradition now for me to cry on my birthday.  And not in a good way.  
so we are out of the city playoffs but more upset about why things happened the way they did but there is always next year 
Hates feeling this way 
I was confused by my housemate not locking the door on way out... then remembered she'd just given me her keys cos she's leaving forever! 
where is everybody? nobody's online. cause i can't talk 2 them any way else. this sux. 
@kimberliea fail  I didn't even see him while we were there. &amp; I like the way you think! I'm going with all of the above! 
My housemate is on her way to california 
 phone is about to die and im on my way to a barbque in chino hills
@lesbiancafe well see im sure she saw me cuz the way i was she was walking clear down the hall she had to have seen me 
I got sand everywhere and am in the worst mood ever  i hate feeling this way
how to get 'him'? tell me the way! 
Goodness i really want to go ride bikes or run but there is no way my mother would let me 
cannot sleep at all, its way too hot and i have sunburnt knees 
we got some bad ass storms coming our way!! 
@iamizzap Lol, congrats. I still have to find a way to get mine 
Again, stopped by mad traffic on the way to linda's. 90 permafail 
@robynsweeney naaaw you can say it any way. you are a cunt. i hate you.  tears. yi won't be starin' anymore.
@greekpeace I don't have 5* though, it sold out   I have 11th row though and I need to come up with a way to get his attention...I need ft
@teamtraveller yeah recently I have been a fair weather rider but my problem these days is work forces me to rode way early or way late 
It sucks that I miss you so much but you don't feel a thing for me anymore. I miss the way your eyes look when we kiss 
I hate being stubborn, it is not helpful in any way at all.  That i am aware of... 
@sophiedee now whats the best way to make anal a clean and pain free experience coz it hurts my girlfriend sometimes 
when i am down i have a way of rubbing salt in a injury if your falling mine as well go all the way 
@official_cee I kno that's way too long!  haha
pulled the ultimate dumb blonde and drove 3 hours in the wrong direction on the way home from springfield...lovely. 
TRYYYYING to find a way to see david in sandiego 
I would never treat people the way they treat me and the trash in space.. 
On my way out for tonight. Wish someone was here !!  // :-D
@TheGlassHouseDC towed around the corner perhaps? Not a good look either way 
had dinner with tim. we wanted chinese but i was too sketched out so burgers instead. on the way home i ran a red light  i didnt see it
@sindorei i'm way more depressed over it than i thought i'd be.  hopefully we can eventually work something else out though. &lt;3
I'm really sick of trying to present myself as a phony happy friendly person when I really don't feel that way inside 
on the way to soap-workshop - on sunday 
@AmyyS yeahh i worked the party tonight!  .. work in the cottage!! your always in the half way  . .tearrrr
@venomcandy I've def been young and stupid. I feel way old for my age 
@ddlovato The ending was really sad  but I didn't like the movie..way to long and slow.
Too much food = tummyache  crashing out way too early :/
I'm up way to early and I want to go back to sleep. No joy 
aarshdeep send some movie smy way too   i m getting so bored (
@gfalcone601 no way...!!!  ill vote you than ever!!! ;) xxx
Is going to bike over to my aunt... It's a loooooong way  and it's really hot too.
@juiceegapeach lol well damn then its just a fail all the way around for me then shit 
@HOTTVampChick i haven't heard this song all the way thru  do you have it?
is using half an hour to actually wake up... then the next 7, 8, or 9 for revision... in a relaxed sort of way 
my neighbors are way too loud on the weekends. 
@anythingpotato nice to know you see it that way... im depressed right now 
My laptop is taking way too long to start up.  
hopes @elacy001 had a great 21st! way to go me! 
wishes he could have breakfast @ Starseeds on the way home. 
On my way to the airport 
on my way to training 
my lifes upside down 	&amp; I don't kno how to turn it back up the right way 
On my way to drop @kristin5907 at the airport. I'm going to be lonely 
@stupidreamer nah I felt the same way 
trying to navigate the blog world - never done this before. is there any good way to search? ones i looked for seem mostly u.s. based 
is going to have wet dreams about @carousella, because that seems to be his only way to see her these days  (and I need to blow a load)
On my way to get lunch. I miss my brother 
#chesterday i dont like the fact the japenese shop has closed down  (it may have been that way for ages aint been there a while) :/
Fighting animals outside woke me way too early. 
I an way more sunburned than expected.  #fb
On my way to work.  it's too early for me. And I don't feel like dealing with peoples breakfast mods. Just get how it comes on the menu.
woke up way too early 
@fromtheold so tragic yet it was the only way, they kept returning to shore, following one another devotedly.. It can't be explained 
@nikkisalexander apparently didnt make it all the way??? sorry 
wooh, way to early to be up and going..especially going to work 
@dreadpiratemick but he's all the way in southern cali and i don't get to see him until august 
@wolfnymph I feel that way about my cat 
my hamstring is either pulled or stiff either way its so sore!! 
@daisyrjordan almost black and big, my eyes are this way.I don't like 
well now im bored again, and i have to wait for aaggeess until we are going to the cinema, so theres just more bordem heading my way 
Eating an apple so slowly that its turning brown and I'm only half way done... 
@johncmayer Shoot I'd love to be great once too. Just waiting for the opportunity  Not many way up here.
@tashboard your updates constantly find a way to make me grin. thou i am sorry to hear about your dog 
On the way to the airport 
On the way to express, my painstaking second job.  wish I was rich so I didn't have to work.
@kurie no way! ahhhh damn  i'm in the hamptons now
okay there is no way i've revised enough for history 
Is wishin there was a way to just make a cold go away, not just cough syrup 
@frodofied way more than you, dear. She's having a bunch of problems... 
@vivalatrace i feel the same way only with physics 
on my way to work sick a hell 
My orchid is living, but only the leaves... Its been that way for 2 years. 
is on his way to mass, and is beginning to be troubled by doubts. 
@denamooney did you get there too late?    that sucks, esp after driving all the way over there!
im gonna cry my way through media tommorow, cry my way through revision history, and cry my way thru hist exam 
on my way to the airport 
@slausonassbeez  no wayyy! way??? 
I am not looking forward to getting on this tiny plane :/ all the way to memphis!!  bummer.
@percussionpanda it's saying I don't have access to that page   I think the only way we can see it is if you publish it...
My hair = fail i will find a way. 
@tremendousnews: canadian-ness is way better than non-canadian-ness. I fail 
@9swords so there's no way of making it stretch all the way down? there has to be a way  anyone else wanna have a go? www.jellik.com/waco
@RayRetaliation wtfail  how about on the way back? my mommy says the border lines are long.. aren't they constructing something? D:
What happens to the meeblings that don't find their way out? 
@PeterJDiLorenzo I feel that way a lot too 
I'm pretty confused but in that good kinda way. Also hoping that she will talk to me soon. I miss her 
OK, slideshare seems to be borked, no way to convert my latest slides 
@amyerrett that is really sad- makes you pretty sure he's not buying food with your generosity      and *hey*, by the way!
This commercial break from my life is lasting way too long. I want to know how my show ends 
i think i died alittle in the panic. man, i get my cool glasses fixed, i look ridiculas (in a bad way) in my black ones 
On my way to graduation... Not on the same bus as @dezzzzzz ... 
way more hungover then I thought 
@BraveMaiden yeah i went there and there is no way i'd be able to keep up. 
@leroydonohoe i miss you, as well.  i propose we all find a way to eliminate our missing of eachother for the near future.
@italiana2662 it's cute, but I know you have way better ones! We can't see those pretty eyes  The flash is in the way
feel sick :o ate way too much. 
supposed to go to mcgees for dinner, but I have way too much work to do 
Ugh I feel so gross, I just canceled  there is no way I could sit throught a movie. I'm exhausted  booooooo on me lol
and way too warm!! 
@Icklesal that's bit crap  no way of finding what triggers them? tiredness?
@whoners I clicked on your link thinking it was YOU on blogTV...boy way I ever wrong. 
@coryocconor I can't make it happen.  it's just the way the story goes, and once in a while, you take the defeat.
@moratorium you really need some luck your way 
@aimeemulligan no way,i thought that dog would live forever how did he die?  xo
@JoshGorfain well my target weight is 125, but i'm way off. 
I just cracked up white lightning...  everybody is fine. i'll figure my way out of this one as I always do.
@soccerlyds yeah...I tried both ways. 
@thingsofthesky I feel all the way round  everything's changing here and people I thought I knew are not what I thought. x_x
back at the airport on my way back to orlando 
I'm on my way to my cousin's seminary graduation.  this'll be way long!
It's way to hot to sleep and I've gotta be up in like 6 hours 
hopping in the shower. it's way too hot right now 
@alittletrendy omfg, I'd rape him anyway. he's sex on a stick and I want to see him so bad, but he never comes this way 
3/24 down. ugh. I've got a loooong way to go, kids. 
my headaches getting worse again and temperatures on the way up again 104.2 at the moment 
@tallivansunder I felt that way too when dieting, but missed certain things too much.  
@tata4u2c and the way she left...its kind of tore at my heart 
Is this ever going to get easier.. .. I don't want anyone but him why can't i have my way too.. 
@KristenCampisi hey you know i wish i could find a way to get you there too  but after my weekend i soo need a hug from @JonathanRKnight
-wondering if there is a better way to empty the portable toilet on the boat... 
@StarrahPenzHitz but i wouldnt have it any other way...you hair is beautiful! dont cut it 
Getting ready to go to bed... By the way someone told us that getting pooped on by a bird was good luck... That's so not true! 
is on her way to college Eurgh kill me 
I don't know why. I can't help myself, I'm addicted and I need an intervention to stop craving you. AM I the only1 who feels this way? 
On my way to the bus stop to go to skool I don't want 2 go 
on my way to school now  wish it would be over and done with already lol!! think ive got exam today.....
You can die from shaving  1001 ways to die
My father will give me anything in the world. But the way he gets when he drinks destroys all the good... 
@deadapprentice Because the way we want to capture him is disfigured / snotty. He might get sent home anyway; he was proper sad this morn 
@tomasekeli That was before I realized it is this way  sorry
Hayfever is teh butt-sucking. And not in a good way. 
I wish I were better at creating visually appealing things - I'm just not creative that way 
is wishing there is an easy way to learn (useful) programming 
@ddlovato oh and by the way, I think your amazing, and I wish I could see you live again. But I have no money. 
@jradc i know i should have, i was trying to think of a way to get involved but i couldn't think of anything decent  but i hope tomorrow
@ryohakkai aughhh is it a huge deal?  any way to fix it?
4 o'clock is way to early to have to be up. 
tomorrow  way too distracted to function
@eechuan is there any way to set the save as type as default *.msg??? 
is on the way back from college and pretty fed up 
way to the gym now... waaaaayyyyy toooooo early for me 
sick and on the way to work...... 
I'm half way up  I hate Mondays almost as much as I hate getting up from awesome dreams
on my way to school  listening to ' kountry gentleman' &lt;3
On my way to the hospital, way out in the suburbs... What a pain.  finally on my new health insurance tho!
I really, really, really need to find a way to work outside. I've done as much planning and reading as I can in the sun 
Morning everyone. On my way to work. 
on my way to work. allergies are taking over me right now 
@elizabeth_rose by the way, totally not expecting 'behind enemy lines' to be so amazing and different! jazz/funk me thinks. darn her 
@owieh omg! no way! has it started doing that now?? 
on my way to the doctor 
I still can't find my music  Trekked all the way into school to look but no luck - nice to see everyone though.
...startin 2 feel some type of way 
A colleague deleted my entire home directory by mistake! And the replicated filesystem worked the other way round. All backups gone 
the worst is coming true i guess, fedx also on his way out of french 
by the way, it's official - i got a f*ckin cold 
Wow it's way to hot I've had to come inside 
@its_sb  the way I want banana cake right now.
I made my 7am flight. On my way back to the desert. 
@sardun ...and throwing pillows around. I've just accepted the fact that's the way its going 2 b for the next 3 yrs. I miss my tidy house 
@saragthatsme I'm a trend setter. But not in a good way. 
On my way to work. No severus at the bus stop yoday! 
On my way to the airport  I don't want to go home!
On my way to the vet with the poodle. Something is worng and not sure what it is. 
upset  need a way to bounce back!!!!!!!!!!!
oh my way to school  ttiirreeddddddd
On my way to skool 
@alt_ducky uggh i feel the same way except i probably got a total of 3 
On my way to the doctors to find out i'm dying 
Oh silent hill, I really want to like you but you're really sucking my will to live. And not in a good way 
@Mziamblessed YOU and I are on the same boat I woke up the same way.  loll
@songbookbaby lol...well im so sorry baby...i'll come back...I just want things the way they used to be!!! 
bout to go to the dentist then lots of chores to do  then im on my way to the besties
Standing way too far to see @katyperry perform up close! 
Its sprinkling &amp; I have to walk all the way to the other side of campus  not coool
@lrivers56 24mins and I'm late, I'm way past road rage at this point 
isn't a fan of this heat in any way shape or form 
On my way to chiropractor .......wish me luck...... 
@thevowel yeah, and I'm all the way at the end 
on my way to funeral services. 
@morningsting By the way, why did you un-follow me?  I hope it was a mistake and you'll keep following me. I enjoy chatting with you. 
you still trying? shes like 14,000 behind though now, theres no way she can win with cheats 
I'm on my way to my orthopedic surgeon.. I think I fkd up my foot 
first time i ever had a cavity!!! three of them!!!  on my way to philly with some of my girlies. shopping!! lol.
@wdwdisneyland I slammed the phone down hard when I was pissed and my finger didn't get outta the way in time. 
eating roasted hot green peas, trying to find a way not to work at that place anymore. 
It's way too beautiful outside to be stuck in an office. 
Wondering if the workout pants I own (but have never worn) still fit in a way that I wouldn't be humiliated to wear in front of people? 
@miss_r I think you're way too smart for me 
working on the two essays i have to get done by tomorrow.. I'm half way done with one of them, and the other i didn't even start yet.. 
On my way to work...its nasty out, raining again 
@graebob i bough more beer  like way more...
hopes fade for missing plane survivors  this is one of the saddest news I've heard this year. and is flying is the safest way to travel
The only way my already shitty day could get any worse would be if I got in an accident on my way to work tonight. haha 
what better way to deal with desparate sadness then to post it onto the internet?? 
im in a sad mood  this is my 1000th update by the way...just thought id throw that one out there.
i mean he was way too good of a guitarist for the cab, but still 
just when i thought i said all i can say my chick on the side says she got one on the way!  fuck
Of course need-based aid is on the chopping block. What a great way to lessen the impact of the recession. Not okay  http://bit.ly/GUSQI
@favoritemelody it is DDDD: ugh dkfjdskjd. I've never acted this way over a band before 
i need some food right now ... in n out sounds bomb but way too far 
u give me fever  booo this is not the way to spend a vacation 
on the way to tri-cities airport.. leaving tennessee 
@rolandgarros_09 Is there a way to hae Monfils photos? I can't save them on the site but I really want them 
It hasn't been warm and sunny in way too long, wtf 
@jrsteveosu2012 u went witout me u bum after i waited for u  be dat way
Textinnnnggg my brudderr I miss him he's all the way in maryland 
Rats. It started out as a joke but now I really want to go to the beach and have no way to get there. 
couldn't make my way to see rob dyrdek ..too many little kids crowded around cosmic. better luck next time. 
@vonilicious the winner sucks imo. thumbs way down. 
couldn't finish my jog    It was way toooooo hot!
soo soo sickk   wishing class would end and i wouldnt have to drive all the way home..
@ladykbj oh no your picture  I'm hanging in there today girl although I'm not feeling too hot! How's everything going your way?
@nunnie20 i'm on my way... should be there by like 9:30... I'm tight my roommate is outta town and cant meet me smh 
Sitting on my drive way with my neighbors. I'd rather be with @marcuselzey. 
@sengels2 sadly, no. we had no way to get to rowan and we couldn't get newburgh tickets  we were really pissed about that, lol.
trying to do my static image on 'paint' but its not rotating the way I want it 
My head is pounding..I hate dis feeling in my heart..y doesn't it ever go da way u expect..it always find a way to kick u in da ass 
I swallowed the piece of lettuce the wrong way  now i cant talk
@theAmberyOne  That's horrible! I'm guessing it has to do with the way the most recent blog said you put your advantage to &quot;good use. ;)&quot;
needs to figure out a way to fix everything. 
@freshlysprocket on my way that way now... i didnt exspect 2 b leavin this late 
sadly missig ignite tonight was way to tired to walk over after teaching 
is on her way to say fairwell to Bikedo. 
On the way to the hospital. 
@lalalemily do you have to talk about me in such harsh ways? 
@Dipz730BrydGang are u from the bx and by the way u not followin me 
I've been way too disorganized with my files for oh, the last 4 years. 
@brewauthority That's always the way, the last always tastes the best 
@tpleeza Waayy easier said than done. 
i just took some nyquil to knock me out, it feels like there is something sharp and pointy trying to claw its way out of my tummy. 
there must be another way to fall asleep without tiring myself.. 
@1vs100XboxLive way to kill the prog 9mins early 
@jooni yeah mine is on its way to retirement too 
losing weight...not in a good way... 
I just ran over two cats  What an awful way to end an otherwise nice evenin.
@Quisitali just a late night, i just hate firefox, uses way too much memory   chrome is faster but odd to use, tabs are still nice
There's no way in hell we're getting out on time tonight 
@pearled Seriously! At least your uni is somewhat close. It takes me 40 minutes each way 
finally going through the pictures from my trip... about half-way done. then i have to upload them 
syff, smh...I am so way behind 
going 2 bed now...way 2 much 2 do but I need some rest....oh, &amp; I still have the flu. 
@yuujinya Yes it's a little tricky that way. 
loved the way he said my name, smiled at me from across the room, made me laugh...guys are so shady! 
What to do when some of your followees post way too much &amp; that's all that is in your stream? &amp; they're mostly news links... unfollow? 
@No1PanicFan Haha its always that way, same with me 
@shizie ikr because at the worst everyone in the band is just like  instead of like H8 so this is the best way it happened.
@ChangshaNotes colin, stop talking about me that way 
@tledford then please send some my way! I still feel icky!! 
getting bit by a dog while walking down the street is not the best way to start your day 
going to pick up my hard drive. would grab a chocolate milkshake on the way, but there's nowhere close by that does nice ones 
@LauraTrib will do my best - but I think the forecast says your cloud is heading this way. 
Should i continue my studies? Its already half way thru but its damn difficult to pass!! 
@CmdrLadyAthena i guess i must have attcked him then but it didnt feel that way  at all i was just sharing my truth. 
@rarrkun I compared them. I was seeing things  Probably because the window was in the way...
@rixx03 methinks not. haha. shift+delete on a PC? no way.  lol.
@xLakeEffectKid yeah try and get them to find a way. its stupid! so how is it being back? apart from hating being awat from mark 
@crunchie_dana awww I feel the same way at the moment... 
french open is the only way to pass time  
 another one... and ill expect more to come... way to go dy... aarrrrggghhhhh!
@noele6277 i feel this way often.. sucks your sad 
I give up, no way am i going to remember all the dates, no matter how hard i study 
Something is wrong...I'm up way too early 
taking a break... its way too hot for cleaning  watching the g'n'r biography on bio channel now 8D
needs some cheering up  This is no way to live
urgh cats still in a bad bad way 
On my way to the dentist yum a frizzy haired buck toothed women gets to poke about in my mouth for a while 
@JessicaPinup care to send some inspiration my way  lol
On her way to court 
On my way to rotterdam. But i'm too late for my appointment 
@xxparanoid yeah. i can't seem to find a way. 
On my way to school, for one of the last times! I'm soo tired, it hurts to tweet because I cut my finger with a brush 
Still searching for the fastest way to work.  http://bit.ly/2omWGy
On my way to town.. moving all my stuff out today. 
Finally on the way to the allergist! But I forgot my pillow!  I'm so sad.
@savingtime yepp  you will find a way deary (y)
finally get to use internet after 5 days. internet here is way too slow 
@Siduhe I feel horrible. I know three women that cycle that way in the morning. 
ow I care &amp; went about it completely the wrong way  I hope you will be able to find a way to forgive me for my foolish behaviour.
@nick_carter ow I care &amp; went about it completely the wrong way  I hope you will be able to find a way to forgive me for my foolish behav
I hate waking up with a sore throat! Not the way I planned on starting my day! 
I've been sleeping way too much lately... And nothing gets done 
@xVAHx i feel the same way...w/o old charters it just won't be the same... 
Really tired, but only half way done what has to be done today 
On our way to zac's gramma's funeral.  and its so gloomy.
@YannR 15 miles 1 way. Since I have a kidlet, can't bike to work 
@jilliandanner Thanks!  It's also way over budget 
Its way too hot outside to work in the garden. I'm stuck in here for at least another hour. 
way, way, way too many fire engine &amp; police sirens nearby. can't be good.... 
Snacking in the afternoon is a great way to stay awake and a great way to get fatter. 
Allergies or a cold, either way I'm feeling crummy. 
Cleaning, cleaning, and more cleaning. I have way too much stuff. I can't even enjoy my break because of my stupid heartburn  ugh
@elkabr yeah its really hard for me because I almost went out the same way. If it wasn't 4 a certain band, I wouldn't be here either. 
@JillzWorth dude I'm on the way lmao.....I wish ! 
@jakriffer There's way 2 much 2 say about what all happened on here. I'm just trying 2 keep it together right now &amp; not burst in2 tears. 
well of course the mechanic isn't going to find anything right now with my car....it never works that way. We'll see what happens now 
chilling listening to monica, feeling some type of way 
@MsUndrstood re: scary dreams...yes. They usually involve my imminent death in a horrible way. 
@samjthacker I'm sorry.  sending good &amp; positive thoughts your way. It can only get better from here!
@DAChesterFrench bye  ur music is completely brilliant by the way! 
FINE, be that way 
@FebaXylues Oh what a rotten way to start a class! 
@redcl0ver great, bet its heading this way  supposed to be storms all over the us tonight...weird.. http://myloc.me/2qY9
I feel really sleepy right now, but I just can't go to sleep cause if I do, I'd be sleeping all the way till 7p.m. 
ate her McDonalds way too fast and feels sick 
I got my second lady shot today...it hurt way more than the last one 
@haleycairns yeah...totally upset the fuck outta me...no idea one of the glass bases cracked all the way across...  I was flipping out
so  I am on the way to school but only 2 houers then doctor  wish me luck
@gummidge I am very jealous, I think ours is on it's way to puter heaven, defo last legs.. 
@smpfilms it sounds like that video is being hell for you.  so many things getting in the way of it, hahaha.
@xxSDOxx I understand why you feel that way; how could you not? I wish that I could say or do something to make it better... 
thinks that i should be sitting with @nathan_tyler but hes all the way on the other couch 
good thing i slept a lot yesterday... there's no way i can fall asleep in this heat. 
@LynnMaudlin I'm assuming you mean that in the nicest way. I've been called a silly woman as an insult.  #hhrs
will take a shower now. sigh! i wish everything would turn out the way it should be; not just how i want it to be. 
somehow i found my way to heath ledger tribute videos on youtube  how did i get here? and why am i so distraught?
somehow i found my way to heath ledger tribute videos on youtube...  how did i get here? and why am i so distraught?
On my way to the doctor 
@Dillwavy yes indeed I should be revising amd I have done some but there are way too many distractions 
@loscissorhands ya, that seems to be the only way  what u been up to?
@peterfacinelli i wish i could but i dont have showtime  do u know if there is any other way 2 watch it??
less than half way done with my paper 
on my way to school... There's nothing rock 'n roll about that! 
is moving moving moving!!!! wooooOOOOoooO!! jona dvd nites coming our way AND she is also p.o at krudd 
I feel like shit; therefore, I am shit.   I hate feeling this way.
@gurl4equality   *sends love your way*
I'm one sick little puppy  And not in the good way 
@fernandoariotti I took them from table and left channel is dead  strategically headphones die on me in various ways... but always fast 
The internet is as old as me. Not bad, eh? It's managed to do way more than me 
went to sleep way to early now I am up way to early a nap turned into a full night sleep 
woke up way to early. i feel so sick 
@KayTyler way worse than doing exams yourself 
up way too early - the daughter just can't sleep through thunderstorms 
On my way to lincoln and aching all over  david u better carry me lol
@ChrisandCal Idisagree that it's boring, I think the underlying tech is cool, but you're right, it just means more casual pish on the way 
@aaronluke  what you go see? bet it was way better than my studying (N)
@georgegeissler I know but now I'm back it feels as though I must have been away for a month the way everyone is hassling me 
@sarahriley_ : no way!! I'm missing the party  kill a hooker for me
Reluctantly heading to school  will find a way to get out early ::sneaky eyes::
@nick_carter went about it completely the wrong way with those remarks  I hope you will be able to find it in your heart to forgive me for
@clesan700 [sigh] It's a bloody tough way to learn a lesson 
bout to leave  @teespeight :z  @marleykid i'm about to come ur way so u need to wake up
im my way to work.....wish i could  stay in the bed 
Sitting at a red light blagh on my way to work 
s really upset t7he way things are unfolding... 
is really upset the way things are unfolding... 
On my way to plaza indonesia  
on my way 2 get my face drilled  at least its sunny lol
On the way 2 the hospital  &lt;3sthafuture*
@OmariJames  yea im trying to eat healthy and wat not so..no more coffee  just tea. i drink way too much any deng way
@clrzqstn I know..I'm confused too  and I kinda only feel this way when i like like a guys..I'm soooo confused
Loves him so much but knows he doesn't feel the same way 
still sick.....on the way to class......trying to manage... 
sprinkled on the way to work, how whack is that, 
Just saw lightening strike while on my way to work... I'm afraid of those things 
On my way to pom camp 
@jheftmann I agree, coffee tastes way better, but I don't feel as well when I drink it. 
@sentimentalizzy it was! however, I am sleeping alone tonight  good thing I did not displease old women along the way.
@jenkr24 don't be so silly! Be on a little earlier!  you be on way too late now! 
Wants things to go back the way they were 
finding ways to go out. 
@asumbaji sorry you feel that way 
on my way to the airport... but no, i'm not going on vacations yet 
i love pizza way too much.....  
On my way to the apple store to see what's wrong with my screen 
i woulda been on my way to the 02 right now if seetickets didn't mess up  gutted
On my way to theraphy... I still feel like someone is shocking my throat 
is trying to find a way to convince my parents into letting me go to cali for a week. 
@finalscoreB3G2 sometimes they gotta learn the hard way 
@ceggs i think there is a way round it - there was a tweet earlier about something like it - but can't remember - typical! 
oh rain...coming this way 
@HeatherLucier ah, but ya can't force perfection. neither can you fake it damnit  some shoddy posts are on the way
@mantisknight so apparently both wasteland AND fallout are based way in the future, i thought they were sooner 
It's going to be so weird without the seniors in drama next year..  i guess life moves on. i wish i knew them all the way i'd like too.
Has NEVER been so hatfully jealous of someone that she's never met.  I don't like feeling this way
@LaNy415 suicide doesn't solve anything  and walking in front of a train? what a horrible way to die 
I'm feeling so lousy.  Bout to get me some chicken soup. I think my babygirl got me sick! lol. And yet another way she affects me. lol.
@margaretcho...um I live down that way. I'd be totally suprised if there were one down there 
@fitney i saw a little dead kitty on the way to work and it made me cry- now I cant stop thinking about it and i keep tearing up 
looks like the rain is on the way 
ever since #brokenreplies #followfriday seems like the only way to meet new twits  sad.
well that was one way to get me to change my dress 
@limitedxcharm feels that way 
Up is one of the BEST movies ever! &lt;3 i just loved it way too much 
@hivesofactivity i think its essential that they tell knock jokes though, because its the only way they'll learn! imagine life without 
i hate when you try to make plans and shit doesnt go the way you was hoping it would 
@BladeLOL got 9x325 ... with straps  no way I can get the high reps w/o them
@Itxi_Itx Sounds interesting have to check it out. I've been out way out of the movie loop lately ! 
@rachelmccall Haha course but the helmet gets in the way  got to be safe
Why are guys Dickheads when they dont get there own way!!! 
@sunrisepeach NO i believe them! NOT YOU. meanie head.  way to crush my dreams.
Home is that way  http://twitgoo.com/o6x5
@jnoe awwww i wish there was a way to make you feel better somehow 
On my way to my sisters graduation I'm getting a lil sadd 
Thinking about another long lonely weekend with 3 kids and no way to go anywhere!       
@Annae84 triple a is on their way 
@shekhinahshaman Yes, I was feeling the same way. So many great Souls here, it gets challenging to acknowledge each personally! 
@DerrickLBriggs LOL  i think i'll just grab a sub while on my way to the gym  lol dammit
Living life on the edge and not in a good way...recently everything scares me 
has been here way too long...and sucks at selling our new summer pass 
@thatiusstatic me too  I'd go but there's no way i could afford it and being half way through yr 11 it wouldn't be the best idea.
okay on my way to the airport.  back to the heat in delhi.
really frustraited. went all the way to dance for nothing.  ugh!!
@ey3_candy i feel the same way 
@aestus ... Thats... the worst story ever... I'm sorry... I feel even worse now... Just in a different way.. 
i'm the slowest lighter ever. no way this animation will be done by monday 
@OneForDanny i kno! but im thinking i shouldve ordered my tickets way earlier. i kept forgetting to 
and by the way, poor david carradine  kill bill is one of my favorite movies
RE: @freezerburns The only way it could be better is if they had strawberry margaritas.   http://disq.us/anf
On the way J's house w/ M. And I haven't ate anything 
sad, my cousin paul died and i cannot make the funeral because I feel thus way and i have open wounds from surgery. 
Trying to devise a way to get off my flooded street 
@Vintage1405 oh no! I'm confused again. What has?  This happens way too often.
a broken toe. great way to start the weekend 
i found out they removed support for F# from vs2008 was planning to use  no way to run mono on windows  ..day of sorrows
.@msfitznham not much in the way of flowers though 
still sick  possibility of finally getting a car tomorrow. dads way to into researching that he has to compare and double check everything
Feeling way out of place no matter how much fun we are having.... 
i miss the way he talk to me on the phone, he drive the car, he smoke, he laugh, and many many things I can't find in this hell 
johnny is working way too late 
@startonomics Oh! But they are right in a way, even if the figures arent right! 
@glennbeck  comrade, the way to socialism is global. 
On my way to work  I don't want to do floor I don't even feel like working fml
@jordanrichards im so lame for not coming to see you its on my to do list... we gotta catch up! by the way its 3 and i can't sleep 
does anyone know of a good questhelper addon that is more lightweight than questhelper? qh uses way too much memory 
So so soooooo sleepy.. On my way to the airport.. And I'm hungry 
@1AdrianNeal Lol, good cause im way to scared of flying lol 
@nataliegauci omg no way 
wish the rain wound go way wheres the sun gone 
i just pushed to the back of the crowd, and i was all the way at the front ,my friends are still up there, i'm all alone 
@belladonna20 ah that way , yea I understand 
I run a non-profit website. That's not the way I planned it, but it's the way it worked out 
@SweetIsa I've been up way too long too .. Weekends I'm on wake-up duty 
@XmcflyMCRX haha that's a cool way to spend a weekend! oh and y r u sad?? 
Oh god tomorows gona be horrible in some ways 
is on the way to town wishing i had some money to spend  x
My mouse is on the way to the airport  we miss him already ...
i'm still hoping there's a way to recover my hard disks cuz all my files, important/rubbish, and nostalgic, are there. but what if not. 
@MarkWSLloyd lol i don't mean it that way! the fact that i can write with both hands i find it hard to play the game!!! 
More like alot  -sigh- is there a way u can report problems? @@
@giovanniclean I was on my way to work  I send my love
blasting armin van buuren's going wrong... on my way to the damn dentist 
Missing toby way too much  I want a puppy.
At my way to the funeral ......luke's grandpa 
@tommcfly i want to see him live as well but the tickets are way to expensive...  i love keep the faith!!! x
@thisisunited No problem man. I was gunna build a custom united squad haha. Then realised way out of my budget 
I got good pics of everyone BUT @JonathanRKnight my favorite   looks like I am going to have to figure out a way to go to another show!
thats the way i loved u 
raining hard again,gonna be wet,but not in the good way 
A lesson learned the hard way: do not attempt to wax your legs while studying - youll just end up with wax strips all over your books 
@jayciemariotti I thought u were sending sunshine my way?? Its still gloomy 
@bangbrenda Aw.  I felt that way yesterday ahah. Guys are stupid sometimes.
attempting to clean out my closet and bookshelf....i just realized i have way too many books...still can't see the bottom of my closet 
My girlfriend just got a freezepop for just herself  way to think about @marktheescape
Wishing I could talk to a certain person but somehow feel it's better this way. 
i was walking to work, running late and this lady pulled up beside me for directions...in spanish.  it got tested. let's put it that way.
no  i missed the last couple of years  i had the money to go and everything but i never found a way there :/
my love is for eternity no matter what obstacles stand in the way it comes.xxxx  I'm cuddly! 
@godspack haha, i feel exactly the same way!  sorry to hear you're sick too tho!    feel better soon!
@piratescribe Sounds that way 
1/5 of the way done with world studies.  blah. this is going to take me all day. Haha. o well.
@mynameisjc: i practically know the way since my sis used to go there. But im nowhere near legal 
@aamwilliams Oh that sucks, nothing should get in the way of a day full of gaming! How disappointing 
on my way to parker for a funeral 
@JessicaViberg I didn't know you could feel this way about a person you don't know.. and my heart is broken  .. it hurts..
On my way home.. Dammit that rope fucked up my hands 
joe's face is still way too puffy. but i dont know what else to do for him. 
@lizzie9208 We damaged one of my bookcases that way when we moved last year. 
@MonaMinx hey sweets..I see the shopping wasn't successful  always the way mate x
i feel like everything is falling apart. i don't know where i stand anymore. everything needs to be the way it used to be. i'm scared. 
@Darkhoe no its not like that! its not in like a bad way...sorry 
This is a said way of getting developers attention 
on my way to work... 5-close.   i miss my leprechaun.
@charispina I hope I see you before you leave  I was hoping to get to see you last night but I guess things didn't work out that way...
I am tired of feeling this way. And I dont want anyone to save me...I want to save myself. But f*ck its hard. 
I eat mcdonalds way too much 
sorry  am way too far gone to speak  
my feelings are hurt     way to go shawn
Aaaaargh!  I hate when errands get in the way of a long run. 
Could go to use free wifi at local cafe, but too lazy to walk with laptop all the way there 
@Myluv4akbar I'm sorry  I guess its the way to be. I attracted one that liked to use me and play with me and something called marriage
no way i dont want the tour to end 
@MizzBizznizz ah shit don't tell me that I'm on I-4 headed out that way for this weekend 
@cheriejohnson75 i didnt mean to leave you home all day  im on my way soon as the street lights come on..K
has a sore throat and needs to find a way to get rid of it by tomorrow!!! 
no way, my dad and iain are leaving me alone! aarh  :\
@thatcaseygurl87 omg i lookd dwn at a sign that says milky way i thought it said mikey way oo speakn of mikey i miss talkn to mine 
something always gets in the way of such a good person 
Oh by the way, any of these messeges could be my last as i can feel my eyelids closing 
Is thinking it is way hot here 
On my way home, I liked it a lot, but the rainbow circle thingy didn't come out!!  lol
@uhitsshanon we must start talking again. we used to have the best convos! i miss that  should have another way of communication too! lol
@ststststeph My ride waited to long to get her ticket and they were already sold out. So I had no way to get there. 
I'm way too creeped out to go to a psychic/gypsie/crazylady!!  I'll have to face my fears. 
Best way .. By myself 
@thetomtom holy crap man! nice!  i didn't get to bed till 5AMish...no way I was going to be a productive golfer today...   nice course?
Heading back to the hotel, leaving way too early in the am. 
On my way out to the heights to go out with the ladies...need some serious damage control 
@mynameislloyd aww poor choppie.... I feel for u, I'm still in my pj's and I'm not in a good way 
@heybrittanyjane i'm sorry  i dont know why, but this weekend is just not going anyone's way i don't think haha. what have you been up to?
rode bike to tewks and back -- legs were cramping up on the way back 
id this like msn?? just in a crappy way of showing it though? 
i swear cookout food is either disgusting or i have a sensitive. either way i feel sick 
bury me with my guitar, and on the way to hell i'll play - what a bad words 
i couldn't find israeli cocktails online  i wanted to drown my diaspora sorrows in an appropriate way.
Guess I am staying in  but I will stay out of trouble this way!
On my way, going to 7 bulanan rani.. hungrrrry beraaaat 
@navymig  That's a bummer. You'd think these friends would call you while you're on the way to let you know what's going on!
@julia_scinto moms have a way of doing that 
@GideonGirl oh and by the way I can't get the message board to work. 
@stine_nicole I thought I only felt that way when packing for me. I think its worse when sending my kid off 
just finished watching pearl harbor. it did not end the way i wanted it to. 
@xTasx fwiw i appreciate your concern. i hope he's still -p too. but no way to tell, all communications proxied by the other so nfi  *hug*
@imhotshyt i miss you, too ! i'm getting sickypoo  you, me, &amp; mar need to 3 way soon.
is awake! Its way to early to be awake.  steve rolls? What was i thinking?
trying to figure out a way to backup my 60gig photo collection 
 I can only think of one way to get out of this stupid loop of shitty moods, and I don't wanna do it...
at a fun party yet i still feel this way 
feeling so depressed..hope I could change things the way I want them to be 
on my way to work, see you in 10 hours 
@weeydo lol no my dad will fix it.  i had to wake him up to help me push it into the drive way 
I feel way taken advantage of. 
I can't sleep. I'm way too nervous about not getting into the alamo dome tomorrow 
teeth still hurt and i feel grim, nice way to start the day 
is thinking ftw (and not in the winning way  )
@givemestrength Such a good way to engender respect donchathink?? 
@aDeSe we r interested &amp; I even checked out the fellow program details...felt the standards are way too high  @lakshmipratury @TEDChris
Sundays just aren't the same without desperate housewives  on my way to london right now
@t00muchcaffeine there's no way to restore it. bootneuter was used in unlocking it so no matter what i do its unlocked but unactivated 
@RossCallander ach noo way, thats unfair 
on my way back from town. my backs actually killing 
back to war *sigh* seems its always been the way; those same coast salish peoples raided up &amp; down this coast, alaska to puget sound 
@samthesham aw no way. gutted to hear that  hope you can fix it without too much cost
@mfhorne It woke me up at 6.30am round my way....one was clearly not amused 
I run a non-profit website. That's not the way I planned it, but it's the way it worked out 
@babibabs i suck as an intern  i generally suck as a person. there's no way i can handle all this stress
@SharonSmiles  There must be a way to get pics to display. Does this help? http://bit.ly/3TlAJ
has been breathing on cleaning chemical way too long and is feeling sick 
is hoping she can just magic her way out of the graphic design jobs she need to accomplish tonight.  http://plurk.com/p/z37td
@lonelilly I don't think it's a winning situation either way 
@dainen i have felt that way on many occassions today!! i despise companies law 
On my way to get my hair done....wish I was going to church 
Georgraphy is boring!!  any way of gettin out of it??
i want it dat way - backstreet boys..nostalgia feelings...from prom nite 
is making life so much harder by counting down teh days until i live, alas, there are way way way way tooo many!  xxx
In the car on our way back home  all good things must come to an end.
spongebob is over...was way too fast again 
@brendyn way to offend mutes 
@justinstevens in a way I get upset about all these rumours as they leave little to the imagination... 
On my way to the last thing of drivers ed for the rest of my life... Not to happy having to get up early two days in a row... 
@thenaomi there might be some photos kicking around of me, but I left way early to get anything taken on purpose 
is trying to learn biology, but is way to tired to actually record something... 
I wish I could say the same about the workout, it's been about 2 weeks   I've got to get back on track.  By the way, great arms 
never want to leave japan and our buddies..having way too much fun! i think i'll be extremely upset if i never get to come back 
The only way I can increase my level in this game is to execute a few plots not enough spymasters in my ring to do tasks   #playspymaster
@reviewerx I know.    I have no idea what's causing it 'cuz it used to not be that way. I'm revamping soon. Hopefully, will find cause.
On our way to another grad open house..wishing it was not 55 and raining 
@jaynesave What a way for the state to capitalise on something good! 
I leave on saturday and my body still doesn't look the way i want it too  working out is hard for me
obsessing over the computer that is on its way  workin out with ellen soon 
@danielle_i I'm sorry you feel that way 
I'm so pissed off and on the verge of tears... I hate living this way! I want freedom to be myself! 
misses her second family  i wish things could go back to the way they used to be
@ShelleyForbes Aww, bless you, babes!  I wish they could find a way for us in the States to vote.  
lowlights: the most asinine handling of road closing in history of traffic control.discovering my prize fan in no way cools down my room. 
i'm hungry  bring me food... everybody! i don't want to go all the way downstairs... and even then, i'm not sure what i want to eat...
is tired after driving to lcct~ lost her way thr as well~  
At barnes and nobles writing. But I can't connect to web.  maybe I'll get more writing done that way anyway.
I'm officially unhappy with the the way I look. I need to lose weight 
Holy crap make that two really bad accidents on 75 southbound traffic is backed up from 374 all the way past the archer exit!! 
@RLfromNEXT ohhhhhhh no!!!!  well wishes and prayers sent your way hun 
What the hell is wrong with me, I seem to think that doing everything but revision is the way forward...I'm going to fail 
Is my way to camp!! I miss jessica malkus 
@bpkid I'm way behind, only on series 3 
Oh sad... I thought there was a way to just search hashtags @linnix 
@tyrelassie @justverity years of trying to support English sport makes you that way 
eaten way too much junk food. feel as if i'm about to explode! not good 
@DJPUDGEEP yea I'm sorry  I hope u can find a way
Totally bored, i want to go out! but all my amigos have plans! oh well got no money any way! 
@ironman_333333 i get way more average video views than him and have way  more subs yet hes partner and im not 
on my way to chilis to say bye to my new friend. then I'm gone. 
wishes weekend were longer!!!! They go by way too fast and then it's 5 long boring days until the next one. 
http://twitpic.com/6uulw - on our way to chuck e. cheese...still feverish 
@annthegeek : re- 22nd - The way the cult of personality is going, I think there would be a lot of popular support for it. 
#apprentice no way!! 
@chloebrownx he looks a bit rodent-like, but in such a cute way  and his hair is all curly now and i just want his children 
@aimeeleighx3 a girl like you should never feel that way  you don't deserve it.
@sambrown3  i remember having that  it's a good way to lose weight but otherwise dreadful. I'll pray4u!
I wish things could go back to the way they used to be... 
@ashlena That I am not.  I wanted to, but there's no way I'm paying for those kind of prices haha.
@dgrimes feeling the same way....no 3g in my area! 
i really want to see up today. it seems no one else my age feels the same way 
I got myself into a giant mess. There's no way I can get out of this one. Cryying my eyes out 
@AlrightTit trouble is I've got one section too long and one too short. I'm buggered either way; if I get it cut or not 
leaving the mall.  on way homeee.
On my way home now.  maybe I should move here forever. Haha I could handle rat tails and annoying ladies. I'm so sure I could avoid them.
@kimifan  what happened? i feel exactly the same way right now though.. xxx
@quinland really? i meant &quot;i am hungry&quot; haha so this way i cant speak with u  joke!
@ktthebby awez  I want it badd ! it looks so comfy and tis majorly cutee ! but it probably looks way better on you than me !
http://twitpic.com/6vbt9 - Awww  everyone is cryin! Were gona miss you @britterbritter3! I love you!! We go all the way back to 1990! LOL
Long weekend fail: On my way to work. 
@girlgetstrong  I learned the hard way about empty calories in alcohol 
how hard is it to get a pizza to be crispy all the way through. 
@wryandginger I like the way you think. I'm considering laptop / balcony / wine. Of course, i have to clean off balcony... 
@MooMinxy aw i would keep telling u how much i rly love ur stuff but i guess it doesnt help if you're feeling that way 
i hate how everything my dad says links to college. pushes me but stresses me.  maybe im thinking way to much.
What a great way to spend a public holiday- doing assignments! (I'm being sarcastic btw) 
finals  theres no way i'm passing the chemistry one
@EAJosh &amp; @EADave &amp; @EAMatt there is NO way you guys are jerks  y'all are super sweet
@barb_mallon No way!  I so hope he didn't catch it!!
@websoup I won't be able to look at my turtle the same way again. 
@HeyYoBecky do it! this way I will know whats up 
on the way to my lover's house. i hate how i oversleep. it's way too beautiful a day to b stuck inside doing lab reports 
I've come to the realization that nothing will ever go my way, and I can never be completely happy.  &lt;|3
Driving on the interstate with four windows stuck all the way down is not a good time. 
@KatieSperco we're rooting for opposite teams. The way things are going it looks like you'll go 2-0 on the night. 
on my way baccck to work to finish the floorset... missing the game. 
Lugging groceries up 2 1/2 flights of stairs ain't no joke! I am way too out of shape 
I wish sonic wasn't so busy I'm way hungry rn 
psych is way too hard  fail.
lost my iphone.  or it was stolen.  either way, 
Is on his way to work after a really long break! Doesn't feel the fuck like it 
i really want lemonade from midway. why does it have to be all the way in seasidee 
@ohilary I'm sorry!  I ate way too much, so I'm sure I covered your share!
@SteffNasty I'm on my 2way I can't open links 
i don't want to go to work  it's way too cold. 3 hours of brainless functioning... syked =|
no way  ughh.
my eyes are open so I'm awake, although it sure doesn't feel that way 
bed now stayed up way too late despite a promise made to @shanonespionage sry i promise ill go to sleep now 
@JoshuARGH so horrible  I hate everything all the way from the marketing campaign to the taste.
I also wonder if he lost interest in me somewhere along the way 
@chrisMibacache noo way!! hahaha i miss them 
I am having such a depressing time finding a new job  way harder then it should be...oh well
Parents are on their way to the Netherlands now. I'm so jealous. 
i sit way too close to my monitor  i need to wider desk so I can push it further back.
just hit an animal  it was a rabbit. No way I could have dodged it...horrible
on the train to work!  so jeal of g an lo on their way to ldn !
pretty much given up on #140conf since only way we can attend is if we win tickets ... and we teachers just don't seem cool enuf I guess 
Still in the office. No way I'll be getting up to #SMCSYD   http://bit.ly/ZIhpt
@toritruslow this has gone way, way beyond safety pins  ASPLODED!
@donmeltz half way thru it - so far so good! I'm so behind on my movies  how have you been otherwise?
On my way to the bus stop 
@Elizrael exactly but calling it either way is going to affect turnout. sounds like violence by authorities already ongoing  
on my way back to the wayne &amp; reality 
then i can BURN!! my uniform haha buh aparently our skirts wont burn  hahaill find a way !
Accidentally buggered my network connection port by forcing in a memory stick  In my defence, the room was dark, and I feeling my way.
I just woke up and I'm still really tired.  I hate working   *grumble grumble* I stayed up way too late sigh
way to gain three lbs.  fuck me 
everything about you,seems to be a lie..  guess were better off this way. all i have to say is goodbye &lt;/3  --    going to such a bad day 
i can't believe new kids on the block treated us this way!!  good bye nkotb! this love affair is over!!
job hunting  what a way to enjoy the summer at least i got revolution mother blasting out the itunes :-p
@mr_billiam  isn't that always the way in those situations .. i find it hard to watch- i should be more informed but it's so upsetting.
@chicogarcia i see... by the way, johnlang here if you still remember. still catching up on you guys via podcast. work gets in the way! 
On my way to formby! i miss logging into fantay football on boring train journeys 
@ohmygela aww why?  maybe try styling it another way?
boxplots in sas suck, there's no easy way to choose the size of each box with gplot  going the annotate-way
On my way in to work, weekends need to be longer 
on my way to class thinkin bout dis test ugh!! 
Dripping yet through :'( got caught in the rain on my way to shop it's times like this you wish you had taken your umberella just in case 
@MrBinks Either way I'm gettting soaked waiting for the bus 
@nkangel74 it's probably going to b sore for a while  take care of yourself...I'm doing good, on my way to work..Mondays always the worst
On my way to workouts 
on the way to the airport 
@iKieran aww bless hows that goin ? me 2 got revison 2 do it sucks  just wishi could sleep o nthe paper and absorb the info that way lol x
@michuk That's a shame since I watch way more series than movies... 
@marginatasnaily Send some sunshine up this way toots!  xxx
on my way to the docs then work 
@cazduck I killed the page. It was the only way. 
On my way to see a woman at pertemps. So looking forward to it I can hardly contain my excitement. 
ate way too much.. 
somewhat worried to drive to the airport tom. future father-in-law might not be comfortable with the way i drive. 
@ebassman I'm jealous... wish I could go back to sleep... I'm on my way to work 
I really hate when my friends are in any way upset and there is nothing I can do about it  I'd rather it be me than them.
Hatee french need to learn like 40 verbs that's way to much and if i'm finished with this i need to learn 5 chapters economics ! 
@MikeyShowAshlee wish I could be  work always gets in the way!
I can never look at the lincoln memorial the same way again. 
Still upset about the way the game went down yesterday 
Yay speech is out of the way, one more to go.... 
change of plans, didn't go to work. i feel like poop and there's no cereal in the house.  also, i have no way of getting anywhere. 
@lynnkale Was hoping to see the contents for debugging purposes, guess I have to find another way. 
on my way to check out a daycare/learning center to enroll jay in in august.  i hate this!
@travelin_gypsy @nkotbloribTwaitter) is down.  This is the only way I can tweet from the office.  I feel so disconnected... 
poor cooper followed us all the way past the riverbed. he wanted to come so bad 
On my way to big bear  http://twitpic.com/7h5in
Has way to much crap to do and feels like nothing on her summer list is going to get done. 
@iluvbeingme23 Its ok not to care. You just have to listen anyway cause one day you'll realize you miss the way she talked and talked 
@mikeyil I wish I could just send a guy shopping for me cause I'm weird &amp; hate shopping... but it doesn't work that way 
@jj_orbeta And I'm screwed. NOT in a good way. haha 
Officially no way of reattaching my hair- shipped and sent. 
Still need to get three reports done before I can leave. 1/2 way done with 1. 
@PoisonKeyblade omgsh no way!!!!! that's awesome!! awwz i wish i could be there  stupid regents!! ughhhh
@mskeisha1221 I feel ya. I am the same way. Just this year I have nothing to look forward too 
On my way to see my nan she's very sick in hospital 
@theINNO on my way! In traffic  and sick ughhhh
On my way to the airport. I still hate flying. 
wow drake and melissa are over  hey thats life somethings just dont work out the way u want them to,but i cant help but be a little happy
@MeowTheNinja I did hear that you tried to choke him. But it's not really the way you usually handle yourself. It's disappointing. 
eats ritas way too much.  but sadly will not be having it tonight because certain people still have to study for finals 
@adekaye thats the only way unless you see it if you are on the home page. But, I didnt get your response 
@KicksandChicks wth? Why u all the way in cobb? I live really close to the other one 
Really want to finish editing my book this week but no idea if I'll have enough time...and my diet seems to have gone way off track. 
@triumvir aw man.. your sale is on my birthday.... too bad i'm way too far away to attend...  otherwise i would be there..
is getting off here, bad storms are on the way! 
On my way to the @hotel_max tweetup. Missed the bus and will be late 
@chaseblair No doubt there. We are only roughly half way through this thing, and it is starting to drag on 
@sarahmorrison i am jealous of your shopping lately  and how youre not poor  but in a good way promise 
@Kram It looked that way during the 30s thru 50s but I'm in the 60s now and it's looking pretty bleak. Lots of fighting and suspicion. 
@emmaarrr y. i was tryin to find my nose stud. it's back on now. wasn't hard, i was just screwing the things the wrong way 
After gettin to end of movie and ending is rubbish and way to obvious 
not even half way done... and my hands hurt... *tear* 
@jennettemccurdy my ipod's still not charging and I'm trying so hard to find a way to fix it 
@lyssasmommy come home. And we can't have that all the way across the country where nobody knows her disease 
aww no way  i realli wanted u to follow me ... o well maybe next tym
I am using the libarary's computer cuz ours broke! I have no way of being on here or anywhere else! 
OK, now I'm seeing bikers go by, clearly on their way to ride the dirt. 
i feel like I have too much responsibility...and it sucks how I can't talk to anyone that's not bias in some way, or an adult. 
Needing a little sunshine  how did things get this way?
on the way to work in the bus and i'm so impossibly sleepyy.. why am i so tired? 
i'm sick...nooooooooooo im on holidays! its always the way 
@planningforever LOL no honey, not at all! I didn't take it that way. Just meant to say that I can totally sympathize 
Getting ready for a business trip half way around the world and away from the family 
I could really use a nap but it's way too late for one. 
@nessa_d No word yet  boo, I hate when jobs don't tell u either way  xxx
@ElainaDanielle remember, i'll be half way around the world    trust me, i'd totally go if i could.
@roneydapony  I'm 30-something and I know entirely way too much. LOL 
@treschicbeauty that i should get different acne treatment becuase i have a hourse ( spelt that way) face. i was really upset 
@Lezlielu18 Haha....by the way i like what your bio says....made me laugh first time i read it....my poor sis   ...move down here! please?
It's like whenever a blessing comes my way, another leaves...like a trade. 
@annereardon ah not having my phone is the worst  i have stuff to tell yaa! ill find a way to contact you soon. haha
http://whereismyvote.info/ probably the only way that I can help  #iranelection
on my way to cali wont beable to to watch dog this wed  very sad
Only half way done thru my hw  horrible!
Like how I can't get you outta my mind. And not in a good way. 
big storm coming my way 
high on drugs after my appendix burst earlier...  got it removed the rest of the way.  lots and lots of pain
SPYMASTER is just a way of satisfying yourself by numbers......  sigh
my sister told me i remind her of jonah hill. so any way you look @ it, fml basically 
@badassdadblog sadly it hasn't even started  do get on the plane for another 7 hours, I woke up way to early
cleaning my closet. i have way to many clothes in such a little closet. 
I'd keep the ticket in a heartbeat if I could.. but there is no way...  
@smellycents thx we'll see need to work my way up to it, really want to be trained for it by next year..resources are tight right now tho 
@kheimmy lol damn I feel the same way but mine pays 
@simply_a_luxury this makes me feel some type of way... We didn't get to hang like dat 
1 step forward 2 steps back on the way back to injury free-ness 
@ayende tragedy  wish you figure out your way home soon....
no am i a follower of you fatma?No way i want to be the guide here, and u follow me...lol   am mad now...   
Throwing up is not the way I wanted to end todays disneyland trip 
@vicstar1983 aww hope it's not too bad. I'm ok but my backs killing me too! On my way to work now  x
I should be a full-time drunk. lol too bad things like big-girl responsibilities get in the way of my dream! 
On my way to be given radioactive sugar straight into veins...not been allowed to eat though  hungry!
Is on the way to the doctors and dreading it  nervousssss ....... :'(
@pamelafox the previous avatar was way much cuter 
prayin that there's a better way out........ nite 
@l17_glg oh, fgs- what a stupid reason. I don't think it'll be as good that way, not by far 
is way too tired but is awake to get to orientation 
@puhpuhtweets aw cheer up, hun! don't worry, i know how it feels like 'cept mine's all the way in iraq 
@adamhenige Is there a way I can help ? may be when you are little less &quot;angry&quot; , had the same issue earlier 
I was in the credits too, by the way but haven't had any stalkers yet 
@jen004  Always been that way?
On the way down ole 565 again 
Its way to early to get up and take a regents 
Not one of them cares about the way I feel, nobody compliments the meal 
@kylieann9280 , yeah i saw the ad, but parents wont let me go , its too much , i went in 07 and now tickets are way more expensive 
@brandonheath No way! I'm glad that's all they took...but it's a weeeeiiirrrddd feeling to have your house broken into. 
@laurennnyo i took them off like in the limo on the way there LOL they were coming off  they're in my purse though
My state of health and digitas redundancies seem linked. I'm not in a good way 
- On my way to the airport 
the party is over  on my way back to reality
@ianlatham Thats one way, but all the boys will be talking about it, there are radios everywhere. dont think i stand a chance. 
@JAYv2 cool, w/e too short as usual unf. And way too busy at work  v little time to tweet.
( ash )  have to go to school but either way,      just passing to say hello!
@fancyjelly I could hear your cries of frustration all the way out here in the studio 
is there a way to delete all your Dms at once or do you have to do it one by one? I have so many I am missing a lot 
@misstwinkle on it's way, though no biscuits to help it go down I'm afraid      #huginamug
on her way to the hospital 
no one can do for you the way you can do for yourself..... my expectations are always too high for others to catch... bummer 
I wish I had some magical way to make my throat stop hurting 
On my way 2 the plantation..... 
@enchantingenvy cause it was way expesive when I got mine  nope he never got the pearl to even turn on
@davidvard yeah mate i think they're on their way. noooooooooo 
@CharlyCogger on a positive side though, josh just gave me some milky way, and his xbox has come, but i'm doing h/w and revision now 
@danhancox theyre way too fast and hype sadly. also very badly mixed down 
slept in way to late!... now for a run 
On my way home, my feet hurt a lot 
On my way to the mall... Not for me tho 
trying to get @stoop_uk to do the west highland way with me next year but it is not happening for me 
Fotoshoots make me hungry  but food is on the way! yummmm..
@mcbumrash i dont expect you to no way  i just want talk this over like adults
 He hates me again. Apparently trying to move my laptop out of his way means to kitty that I am a big scary monster.
i am way to exhaustedto move...but i have to work another triple today 
no way!  i saw him at the lowry last tuesday, he was.............AAAWWWEEESSSOOOMMMEEE!!!!!!!!!!!
alright! day almost 1/2 way done...NOT! back to work 
@lovebabz i love the way you express love. i'm feeling the same way about an old friend. unfortunately, he rejected me. said he's numb 
on my way to work... im starving though 
@andycrash my daughter is the same way...it sucks when the little ones are sick 
@theimp67 its like the marzipan on a non risen cake the way this day has gone (btw: I hate marzipan) and I hate the central line 
No way, they mucked my haircut up so they shaved it! it will take ages for it to grow back, im angry with a tad of sadness 
is hoping for nothing but good developments for my friend whose dealing with way more crap then he deserves right now. 
on my way to the doctors 
I just drank a glass of red wine and it went down entirely the wrong way...my legs now require cleaning 
shulda grabbed a slim fast on the way out 
@KeyondraRenee lol round my way the shut them jawns down lol 
@PerryBelcher dang! I was looking for 15 ways 
@momebie dude, i know. you talking manga or anime? either way, yeah, ridiculously behind. 
Almost half way to my destination. But i keep losing service. 
@theresarose255 I hate finding out things the hard way. 
@nambucom What's the best way to report a bug? I've got one that's just about to drive me to switch to another client. 
hopes that he develops a better way to deal with his anger in these situations before he has an aneurysm. 
on my way to the photoshoot. Nerves are setting in 
On my way to rehearsal I cut off our older trumpet player. Whoops 
@naukhel As a westerner, there is no way I would be able to survive in their workplace.  
@jdirtywhat hah I can't go all the way to get her! 
my knee is killing me. dancing on friday won't be easy if it stays this way 
@sporttrainer300 it gives out sometimes...has since the surgery. I probably didn't let it heal all the way back then 
I love that the CMTs have a live stream, but unfortunately there's no way I can stay up late enough to watch anymore 
my heads all cufufled, dont know which way to turn, her on one side, him on another 
deb's on her way to korea 
I'm back from a   great inline skating session. But I must have beeing eating  on my way at least 4 or 5 bugs 
So...My having learned of the existence of @DearRobot has really changed the way I tweet. I think this makes me an even bigger toolbox. 
My fear of needles really gets in the way of my heroin addiction 
Demands that the powers that be send some good luck her way. 
3rd was soooooo NOT the way to go...ughhhh feeling naseous 
@Twofine5 feeling the same way. 
sad to think that if these kids don't go all the way and get the mullahs out - they will all be bombed   #iranelection #gr88
Please don't let this turn into a migraine  way too much to do tonight
on my way to see my gg....she not feelin too good! 
going to get way way way wayyyyy too little sleep  getting up in 5 hours and that's an hour later than usual...
@WichitaCindy that is way way too far for me to give an answer, but I also will be in night school at that time... so prob be out.  
Is it even possible for your heart to hurt, the way mine does tonight? 
Theres no easy way to deal with losing someone 
So im too damn tired to be on my way to work... But here i go 
I dont want to walk all the way to my car n the dark.  
@jessemarco no way  so upset right now.
falling asleep. wishing i could stay that way until 11 tomorrow 
I have been gone: way too long  anywho, what's up what have i missed ! http://bit.ly/qh91F
#iconfess i know the words to backstreet boys-i want it that way and enjoy singing it on karaoke 
@minkus well i hope you feel better  we need to send some positive vibes your way!
vano is on her way to london  im missing her 
@chantelleylace I know. I'm absolutely terrified. I guess it doesn't matter that I'm a young mum, I'm frikken screwed either way.  Haha
on my way to the gym...forgot my ipod 
I'm not having a good week, things jst arent going my way 
@splpduff is that what it is? i don't know i can't see anything up here. i've been trying to find a way out for days 
This is way way too early to be in a hospital  why is it always me that THIS happens too 
@m_isme then its worst for my case ah! econs all the way ok  :@ pizza hut later? teehee!
On the way to my friends place, god I have so much to dooooo!!!!! 
ate way too much today  fuck. i hate having to try and lose weight.
too much, way too much.  sorry boys.. 
Getting ready for work  fed up with the way our human rights are being eroded by the mad rush into all things digital!
just ate way too much food.  now i feel sick.
TweetTabs scrolls the wrong way with a mouse wheel 
@rachaelblogs awwww  I asked were they searching on the way into stadium? For cameras etc?
@campbellclaret good way to be a red light at the beginning 
birthday on wed there, half way to 40  .... was spoted at half 3 on t/patrick motor way, trousers down, bein sick everywhere, gd times
@katrinalaws im on my way!!!...for friday haha imissyouna  haha
@findo yes. But I'm a long way away. 
I never knew a haircut could change a person. I think i found out the hard way. (n) 
Is way too early for form, so is waiting around on her own 
Ops last one to be ready  on my way to @paigefawcett69
I broke a sprinkler in my yard backing out of the drive way. Haha I actually do feel bad though 
on my way to work ..feeling like crap 
I've decided to no longer sleep, I miss way too many tweets when I sleep 
had way to much 2 drink last night  not good people not good
On my way to shool 
on way to hospital to sort out foot 
@andrewoid I'm with you.... each client so far all suck bigtime in their own way 
On my way back from the airport  I need sleep!! I'm exhausted.
wet ankles are not the way forward, esp with no dry socks to hand 
@chillybreck What you having nice? I'm just on my way back to work  lol
Just looked around a uni. Wow way too many subjects to choose from, I duno what to do 
My first tweet from the road. On my way to work. 
is sad 'cause she doesn't have anyone to rub IcyHot on her back  and my arms don't quite bend that way...  ::sniffle::
wonders if E is lost on the way home, it's been 2hours already lei. Silly boy, make me so worry please! 
@dream0176 sending hugs your way...sorry to hear that.  
@Wongstuhh whyyy?  care to talk about it? i really want to understand why you feel the way you doo because you nevah really elaborated.
planning a charity fashion show is way more work than i expected 
Wondering at what age does your nearsightedness vision starts to go?   I think mine is on its way out and I only turned 28 last week 
If only the spreadsheets worked the way I wanted them to 
@lovehound yea i doubt they'll change anything soon! It seems to be just the way it is! 
@beartwinsmom fast kickups are the bane of my existance; really hard; haven't yet been able to do them all the way through 
watching one tree hill   got soaked on the way home even though i had an umbrella 
a spot of bother. i want to finish it! stupid school works get on my way. aww. 
on my way to my uncles funeral 
trying to find a cheap way to pay my traffic ticket 
my leg still hurts, limping around. lol. im eating 3 yogurts, im never going to get fat this way 
i just find out my cousin pass way i had to go to my old job to find out i feel so F up right now i can't stop crying 
Is on here way back from swindon and i miss jon so much. 
@rainbowbtrfly fine n if it helps, my day could be better i woke up way way early wanted to sleep again but couldn't 
Desperately need the library, but have no way to get there 
@lawlitsmichael i miss you way more baby. 
@WildSpice87 either way it is gonna be the s*** we will be singing the songs the whole way. didn't really get to on my other trip 
first nice day in awhile...too bad it's still way to cold to go to the beach 
don't u just hate having feelings for someone that you know doesn't feel the same way 
stuffed.  eaten way too much pizza.  oh to be a happy fat person    #tweetni
awe @shanedawson cried in his new video  that's so cuute. not in a mean way tho.
@cericme must be something in the water... i'm working way too hard and i feel like crap 
On my way to the oral surgeon for an appointment...ugh..i hope i don't get nothing done today.. 
@YOUNGCLASSIK smh.....too emotional 4 stuff like that right now man......wut a way to show it  
@soyaj cool, either way is fine.  i'll bring DVDs.  sorry i cant help tomorrow.  too much goin on 
@BBBRYONYYY i am really sorry  but dont worry i dont think he meant it in an mean way.
@portmelguy too late - on my way to work now  I have stuff I need to do today anyway
I am wishing that things would just go back to the way they were before  between me and mi babe 
I think my twitter no work  so if your trying to reach me try another way.
 as my old comp duied on me 2 weeks ago ... but not to fear i will find a way to post up music no matter what
@huwstephens cheeky cheeky and the nosebleeds was a way better name 
@tkae225 yeah...i didn't think of it that way.  
@soeajily the now obviously hates us  that's ok, i love it the way it is &lt;3
@haunter_ aw  well you're invited to my ocean party. you can float whichever way you want!
these guys are standing in my way and jack's is on soon. 
@AshMarie214 on our way now!!!...i gotta find our bathin suits though 
@carysbrookes yeah, i liked maria way better  thats always a possibility but with all that make up their eyes must be soo heavy
@swiftbluedragon whyy?!  aww then its okay.. are you sure theres not another way?
@itstashawoods you could've come with me tonight, but your pickiness had to stand in the way... 
on my way to palo alto stayin in barstow tonight. i miss everyone way too much 
#zombieninja I have truly awful attack sum right now - new game changes lowered it &amp; made me poor  but on my way to being more helpful!
@alexisjones i know i'm not going now..cause i didn't know that the storm of the century was coming this way tonight 
my nights get here way tooooooo fast 
I wish @charltonbrooker was taking me out  not in a gay way. I'm not gay.
I let my nerves and doubts get in the way of everything 
@teacherPaddy yea there's 2, but they're out of my way, so its hard to go. 
@karlerikson well, how can we change that? That's not a good way to lose weight at all!! 
roomate is off to providence...    I wonder if a new england surprise is headed her way!?
On my way to @laura_moore's parents house for the night. I wish i could see her tonight. 
I just got a parking ticket  i thought i had good karma coming my way
feeling some kind of way.. 
So, what I thought was motion sickness seems to be sticking around in a much more sinister way. 
@BestFriendDevyn wooo awesome!!!  aww no way  that's a bummmer 
It's the way things go sometimes 
Missing the butterflies and the giggly feeling you get when you like someone.  It's been too long since I've felt that way.
I have been thinking way too much lately, and its all finally getting to me  and its hitting my stomach hard as fuck...
@kristallnicole they JUST did it! right when I started replying! haha made this game way better! oh and they're losing 
finally fixed my acoustic the right way so it sounds really nice xD...but everytime i play it it reminds of branches! I MISS BRANCHES 
I let my mind wonder way too much. 
haha but she said it in a mean way then told me to wash dishes 
@splpduff haha but she said it in a mean way then told me to wash dishes 
@_marinalove thats sad  she was young too, terrible either way but you would think being so young she'd be strong enough to fight it off..
@rainnwilson  well when it's put that way... I'm never lighting a candle again :/
@KSHELLnDONNIE whaddup homey!! nope no more shows for me  unless they decide to swing back this way ;) i feel your pain with the withdrawl
What a way to start my break 
Up way to early for my liking and my hayfever is pi**ing me off 
@joshsharp By the way, I take that personally you bastard. I have feelings too. 
Why does love have to be so difficult... the first time i fall in love... i feel like its a one way road to heartbreak... 
And it's raining!! What the heck?! That's not the way the summer should start 
he's not funny in any kind of way though 
On my way home to change clothes and than get the bus to the other side of town to do something but don't want to 
@MelFresh27 whatever you decide, can you please send some my way? I really don't want to cook tonight 
Sitting in a corner of my room realizing that I do miss someone  but know things can't go back to the way they were.
@samanthablews aha i know i didnt want to believe it. but now its official  way to ruin my #barakatday #barakatday #barakatday #barakatday
Just woke up and having to sort out my finances way to early  I hate banks
@TheAdamLambert im the same way  it seems when im depressed i get tired quicker though.....
@AdriBoo1104 yall be havn way 2much fun  wish I was there
@moose73 it's not the way to go!  but @aliyaki is a tough cookie
hm. back from gym. the weather is way too hot...!!!! 
On thee way to the airport soon....then work 
On my way to the station  clear channel owns my social life
@SunnyBuns have not slept yet mother... sorry  way to much anxiety
@Kingsrockandrol thanks zoe, on my way now. I've got flies in my stomach, with worry. 
@chucky take a spotlight so you can get some good light on them. ;) long way home for you too. 
The highlight of my mornings just left he came by way too early 
@breve_pup awwww  I got both by the way
The best way to get on a bus is obviously to fall onto it.  i feel like such a tit. 
no longer a unicorn  BUT have a splash of red. From where I pulled out my horn.It was getting in the way.Should I change my study methods?
@alpew I suffered from that the other day and learned the hard way not to let it get baked onto the windscreen 
thinking about my boyfriend and the fact that he's on the way to hospital now... 
@hopefulauthor R u getting what we've had or is this some more bad weather coming our way - towards Midlands I mean? 
Still working on that project  We're making good progress but it's still a long way to go.
on the way to the 7 train...why must it rain 
finally trying out this #tweetdeck that everybody talks about. so far, it takes up way too much screen! plus, i had to install adobe air 
@CraftyMamaof4 All the way to the pool for nuttin  our power has been on and off from the storms here as well.
well am off now to try and hobble my way to work some how ! wish me luck 
@xxspecial_k that sucks hon  but yeah, paying $150 to get a cavity filled is way better than the few hundred a root canal costs
@firebirdhouse just wish there was a way 2 counter it... at least I'm not alone! But jeez! I cld tell you exactly when it started too... 
On my way to the doctors. 
On my way to urgent care.  this should be fun....
I think I got a flu. Aw shit, not a good way to start a holiday 
on my way to physical therapy...ick 
making lighting in flash isnt the way i though it would be 
On my way to the doctor! These weekly trips are getting expensive. 
@NinoNouveariche everyday you find a way to make me sad our friendship can no longer continue 
learned the hard way to pump my breaks and drive slow, but I learned non the less 
I'm glad that I totally lost my way with waking up early 
Ughhhh!  woke up to my phone acting up way worse than it was yesterday.  and I feel extremely ill. 
On way to work  oh well more stupid q's on pens lol
on the way to the bio exam. 
is there a way to do a item not received claim through google checkout? (like paypal) i'm going around in circles and cannot find a link 
In any sort of way.. i am exhausted!! 
thinks there is way too much change going on around here.... 
@JaydenKing that's not a nice way to talk about your mum. 
@sarahdr182 well im constantly annoyed at everyone and very short tempered since ive gone in there, i dont like me this way 
@scousetx who knows why.. i secretly hope its to make way for the new owners.. ha.. 
@amazingamanda Aw, i'll be running to the data center  maybe you can find a way to stream to the palm pre? i'd watch then!
@xgfan no they are usually up the same day at some point! have no other way of watching 
It would start 2 thunder when we on our way there 
I hate that we fought so much to the point of a fucked up ending.. I wish it was back to the way things were... 
@justabystander 2nd advanced (the last level). I already knew I was bad, but telling me so that way was totally unnecessary 
@CristaltheGreat yikes! ..i was on my way 2 meet u whn my publicst called me wit prior knwldge of the attack &amp; adviced me not 2 go 
so my dad has 2 get a valve replacement, im way more scared than he is. 
@kristi_lala I too dislike the drama of my school. Its all peoples egos and pride getting in the way 
@Mymusicticket3 nope cause there is never an easy way to grow a business 
On the way to zen buffet! no crabs I think 
i feel like i hit rock bottom only good thing about that is the only way i have to go from there, is up. 
On my way back from the mall 
#threadless i am craving menchies...but have no way of getting it... 
the weather is horrible  and I'm on my way to the dentist..
@Zesylene I felt that way yesterday with them in the park 
Just got the shaft again....and no, not in the good way 
Loaded up and on my way back to york!  sad I miss @JeffreyGaGa more than anybody will ever know
i wish i was a guy, cause then drinking cranberry juice would actually help my body in some way 
@enbrown feeling the same way...nobody will come out drinking 
awwwwwww man wish i didnt have so many things 2 save 4 that way i could buy @garygomusic 's ablum!!!!!!! 
my nieces are growing up way too fast! bless them i miss them so much 
Rubios with my favorite...way too full  note to self: two portobello tacos is definitely not necessary!
@mjkirkham So true, i feel the same way 
@Agilesmusic oh no... It's hot as fish grease out this way 
@davidrodriguez I'm on pay and go, so got to pay full price  You end up paying one way or another!
No, no, no---way too many 'time's up' notices on dogs at the local shelter. And what a disgusting way to say it, really. I feel sick. 
On my way home from cedar point 
@donniewahlberg On my way to a 4 hour parenting/ divorce class. I could use a hug! 
@BecciWest by the way, i want pancakes   when are you comin to visit?
@therealstevens dont leave it this way jack... 
@twihighfanpire1 yeah, suckish.. I was thinking about every way to fix it, but I can't think.. 
@xfallenxangelxx no don't I like it the way it is 
@missababe by the way still haven't received my postcard 
wants to go out and dance but..just no engergy to move  4 30am comes way too soon  going to bed early.
Just tripped and fell  in front of people  in a skirt  on my way to the dreaded gym  too awesome 
feeling yucky  on my way to northern cali
Trying to write my statement of goals and objectives....way harder than it sounds! 
@MerediLee lol I just left downtown. I'm on my way to the crib now 
oh by the way i didn't get prototype. we had 2 come home 
wooow 750 graduates. yay. I'm all the way in the back cuz my last name is U 
@joyrebel unpleasantly surprised is an excellent way to put it.  
maybe a long walk is more my style this week. sooo exhausted i dunno if i could stomach a run.  I hate feeling this way.
I miss my dog  need to find a way to get her down here.
D@mn this touch screen is way too sensitive  I keep deleteN important ish I.E thoughts of my 1st tattoo lmbo!
@phoenix_life haha, that's okay. I don't have any red slippers, so I wouldn't be able to find my way home 
@Piewacket1  your like a mommy to me. (in a goooooood way)
...the firebird i wanted needed way to much body work and mechanical work  oh well
its way too early to be awake  going for a shower...
@thespunkyone glad to hear it. I'm on my way to work  but its friday, sun is shining and the boss isn't in!
I will be sober... all the way dude... 
Just made orange bread for the second time. It *still* doesn't taste the way my mummy used to make it 
The stray found a way out of our locked vestibule, so no photos and postering tomorrow.    I know I can't save them all... but I want to.
I can't sleep  I have way too much on my mind. I hate that!! I read for a bit, but that didn't make me tired either.. Ughhhh
@maddow didn't mean to sound...mean; you're  amazing in every other way. it's just been source of disappointment for me 
It's stupid o clock and I'm on my way to work  myw
Up way to early to take @ksobe1230 to the airport!  http://myloc.me/4qlE
feeling the way i did before, and i'm hating every minute of it. 
feel like a cool is on its way 
Just had some woman push me so hard I nearly fell over because I was &quot;in her way&quot;  
proteas r on their way back 
@JaylaStarr the update is cool. They made things the way it  was suppose to be in the first place. But no video function tho.... 
@shaunbellis on way to airport now in taxi. I want to stay 
feeling terribly ill right now.. 4 hours of sleep.. On my way to college now 
really needs to stop reading the pets' stories on petfinder  way too sad
feels nothings going her way  
Should be going to bed now  It's way too late, the suns about to come up :O
Walking to college. It's way too cold to be wearing shorts. 
i knew it. something always got in the way when i'm too excited. 
Greenifyer didn't work for me, made me all black  so here's my new avatar, greenified the (very) oldfashioned way :p
On way to town to collect something from post office. Just missed metro 
On way back to hotel. We are lucky - I'm just saying. People are living under bridges, with nothing  see @georgiaarnolds twitpic.
Up way early - wish I could say so I was in line for new iPhone, but it's pain from yesterdays fall  Apparently I hit more than I thought.
The way they break is that: you can only hear from the other earphone!!! I hate when that happens!!!   &amp; I can't get any new ones anymore!
@sooperstef, when im with him, i feel that way. 
3am came way to early. I hate the physical process of traveling 
I've been up late working and it still seems like I have a long way to go 
On my way to work...mad 'cause I don't get to go to the beach today.  
on our way to a course  theres go my weekend
on my way to the 2nd regentss 
I want to play with my macbook.  I can hear it calling me, damn work getting in the way!
severe t-storm working it's way through right now 
sweet - stuck at a train on the way to work....  
@Zenasurialpacas I think some people may miraculously &quot;get it&quot; with spinning. But for ME - it didn't work that way. 
@bcmy i always feel that way  sux doesnt it
@jtimberlake  where the hell are you??? mean that in the most loving way possible!! need a really good laugh--i am so damn blue! 
On my way to queens 
On the way to the hospital now. I hate traffic on the interstate 
The dream for a fenced backyard is dead. $5,200. There's no flippin' way. So sad...very very sad 
way to mess up the middle of my day...picking mom up and taking her to the doctor.  So much for me going for a run 
i miss the weirdest things about him, my bed was cold and lonely last night, i cant bully my technology into submission the way he can 
@B_M_R wtf!? On my way to philly!!!! On the nj turnpike still I guess 
ugh! trying so hard to go 2 ibague! and i have the perfect way, but the mother has another plan in mind......  help!
@49diamond I miss you way more than you can imagine 
@adriarichards there;s no easy way to do it as far as i know! Not got safari so not much help 
@mari_possa I wish I was still in bed.   On my way to help a friend move...but at least she's supplying tacos and beer afterwards.;)
@mileycyrus Its all your fault i feel this way 
Is there any way that lunch can take any longer !? I'm about to dieeee. And no wireless. 
@wfadizzy wth? no way! well at least u didnt lose it. i cant find my license and my cc 
@marshallsheldon I hate golf because I can't play it! I can chip shot but that's about it because my boobs get in the way of my swing. 
so glad your back to your old self babe and i hope you stay this way if you dont im gone  this time for good
half way done exams! and then leaving highschool forever 
Sitting in traffic sucks when you're on your way to a sales call 
@klobb &quot;time to do *thy* bidding&quot;?  You're doing your minions' bidding...?  shouldnt' it be the other way? 
i hate havin an attitude...cause i be such a a$$ but i just feel like nothing is going my way anymore.... 
Going on sales calls... yayyyy  (its raining by the way)
@LilBitOfShay @TimahMonae yeah we def came a long way... i missed out... 
on my way to the airport. i dont live in virginia anymore.  on my way to ohio to be with my family. &lt;3
I don't want to leave!  on the way to the airport. viva las vegas
@meccamusic then 30 minutes on the reply geezzzzz  feelin sum type of way right now
@missbethanyjean oh that way got you sorry 
@DonP it really does work that way, have had it happen many times.   On the other hand, we've kept the universal balance in place, go us!
@k975briandawson hiiii stranger  u comin out my way I hear...
is half way through her imedia work..-yawn- 
@trackle what a rip off!!! no way!!  #trackle
Is hotter then the sun...  and not in the good way
@BananasMel  love them too but eat too much ones...the faster way to eat for me &gt;orderin... 
@VictoriaMonro you usually do  well either way call sethu first because i'm unreliable atm and i dont want you to cancel that for me.
oh worse, guys on crane related to film crew  at least that means they were prolly looking the other way while I was naked.
@OlieRuiz damn I passed by there on my way to the beach... It wasn't the business 
@jodifur so sorry you are feeling that way,  -- I've had those kinds of days
on my way to downtown  too many things to do today..grrr
@MaggieKb24 I know!  I love this laker team... and wish it can stay this way lol.. but ah well. :/
om my way to work 
@jennykirby what a crappy way to start the weekend! 
Just when one feels that all is well, life has a way to hit you on the head and bring you down 
@nkangel74 yeah they are but one is way in the north and the other is way in the south and I am way in the middle  plus no 5* they soldout
i sliced my foot in the worst possible way 
On the way to atl! just got a damn ticket, 70 in the 45 
By the way, what the heck is &quot;KATS&quot;? anybody? i dont get it and now i feel like an idiot. help me. 
on the way back to st. petersburg.... 
@luxofgodsgirls  im sorry I completely understand I felt the each same way when I lived in beaverton.
@djobscene the crowd has changed completely, it's way too overcrowded and my purse has been stolen twice there already 
baking store = fail. does it even exist? drove all the way in traffic to the address to not see it.  sadness.
@Thummper08 I try my best , some think I should change the way I am if I want a full time ride , that made me 
on the way to the coast.. farkk I don't want to go 
need to figure out a way to carry a sleeping 4 year old up the stairs on a bruised and swollen ankle.  
@brianseitz My zune died literally one month out of warranty. Any way to avoid paying $160 to repair? 
@almostfoodies sorry to hear   happy thoughts beamed your way.
My girl is on her way to iraq 
@mhisham that's the way indoor stadium toilets are 
@TheCulprit im still on my way 
just love it when tornadoes are on the way and the kids are sleeping peacefully 
my ankles hurt, and not from a good way. 
@Jessgirl739 hey I'm sorry but I completly forgot to ask if you wanted me to get food on the way home. 
@PradaPermz maybe that's their way of saying no 2 u. ever think about that.ohhh 
@HLindskold night.  I am headed that way myself, the storm was a bust 
they on there way...missing them already 
Watching old tour videos is seriously the only way to cheer me up sometimes. Then i just get depressed 
 bye baby. up next= one way ticket to hawaii. weird.
is sad that things don't usually go the way you want then to.. I feel deep loss tonight and don't think I'll heal quickly. 
on my way to work on a saturday aftermoon 
@twitchee27 @LonjeviTea way too much  but living foods have a beautiful, and sometimes messy, way of keeping us on our toes!
@yettagibsonfox I dont know why  , The dude just rubs me the wrong way
My relationship consists of me trying to make things work and him having a ''fuck you'' attitude. I'm the only one on this 2 way street 
@LoganLeasure i feel the same way.  And i'm not okay with it. We need to get together. But yes, goodnight again to you and the world.
I'm sad in a mellow way. It's like the world's on a bullet train &amp; I'm walking. I just wish I had someone who'd walk with me. 
@GeMiNiPeiN im sorry its too late they are already on their way  don't waste my money kg...
There's nothing like a 5.30am reminder of who's the boss in this house. Up way to early 
@SCOTNESS yeah, that's true, but I rented a movie that I've gotten maybe 1/5 of the way into and now I can't watch it anymore 
@zacseif way to bash at my favorites 
I'm tired of not being able to see my boyfriend, and now he's even further way than before 
I HATE Saturdays... they pass way too quick! 
I HATE Saturdays... they pass way too quick!  #fb
@30STMluva yeah me too and i though i could not  see him in that way in real life ...i couldnt handle that 
@vivaLAchloe_ aww too bad you are all in the way in the uk 
@thisisbree  That sounds like a passive way of saying the list doesn't include me.
It is past 4 AM &amp; i can't sleep,i have way too much stuff on my mind 
starting to wonder if they're crazy when i meet em or if i make em that way.  confused...
@jellyybeannn  no, I'm a looser, I know. But thatll change soon...hopefuly. I thought that piggy back rides was the fastest way to travel
@smashleyyy: I hope so. :/  I look like a booooy. I can't even style it a certain way or anything. 
felt the same way with the same time. i hope i can get over this easily 
@imcute519 not sure if that's a good traight or bad, I wish I was more assertive sometimes, but then I see people who are overly that way 
Not the best way to start your day. Things can only get better now. 
@meaghanellenxo  that's not a good situation at all. and if she's blocked you then there's no way for you to explain how you feel, but she
Only awake since a couple of hours and again already tired as hell.. I could cry!! I'll never get anything sorted this way. 
@petewentz there has to be an eastier way to reach out to you 
i am up way too stupid early for a saturday. 
more than a trim? wow lol @GinaMackAttack &amp; feel the exact same way as you gina tbh 
I have a tune stuck in my head of a song I can't download because I don't know the name of it and there is no way of finding out 
Hiding in a door way from the ridiulously heavy rain that just start.. Coatless   http://twitpic.com/7w8z3
@JonathanRKnight I feel the same way  on my way to the farmers market, hope I can find something good to eat
Tanning then on my way to work..does anyone know why relationships are soo effing hard? 
on the way to darien lake..  and its raining  not so excited anymore. lol.
i really fancy a macdonalds. cannot be asked to get a bus all the way to bromley though  argh craving a big mac.
@moefugger then i guess soon they will all feel the same way as i do right now  that was NOT okay 
Haha signed up to runescape to see what it's like these days It's bloody different in a crap sort of way 
On our way to the river still dont kno which one 
@nipplelicious I got my mojo working, I guess...or not, it's still raining here with storms on the way this afternoon 
i made way too much food than i can eat 
@courtneyriot omg, no way!! 
On my way too work  cba!!
@burpcola when my career isn't going the way I want I tend to lose myself in working out. seems like neither is a happy place for u 
@_AnnieM I'm sorry I missed you yesterday!  I was sleepin' like a lazy sloth.   I'm glad you're not dead, by the way.
it's way too muggy out 
Being tortured right now..and not in the fun way 
@piginthepoke tis still rubbish!  They should make sure its fixed and then send it to play, not the other way round 
wondering why so many etsy twitterers only tweet adverts  best way to get unfollowed, surely?
@greggrunberg way to get the top spot for hot tweeters! you bumped oliva back to 3rd tho 
wonders if the giraffe is on his way home already...and misses him a lot 
I'm so stupid, i walked the wrong way. Now i'll never win for sure. 
just finished watching star trek for the third time... still good... just wish the people behind me didn't chat the whole way through 
@hatdiva i really do! i don't have boots or a raincoat anymore. and i walked all the way there to realize the p.o. is closed on saturday! 
@abbybradz i don't want it to change  the academy is fine the way it is! i've had some brilliant times there.
cba wish things were back the way they used 2 b 
*reallytired*  but having fun either way :p
@jordinx3 wow, way to shove it in my face  of course you're burnt, I can just picture what you look like now lolol.
On the way to costco with the family and just saw roadkill ewww 
@therealapowers awesome haha but i cannot receive any messages  so everyone can see what i am doing but not the other way round?...
@tachyons I usually prefer things that way. I mean, being left alone in the house. I don't like being bored. 
@KrispyB haha! thats the annoying way to do it  im not allowed to follow anyone else  silly twitter limits
Just when I thought I was ready to move on, he had this way of bringing me back...I'm just a stupid little girl when it comes to him 
i wish it was the way it use to be  i miss them old times  if only he knew how I feel  i spose its going well . hope it gets better.
on the way to the hospital  will try to keep you all posted...
Oh, by the way, three flashing red lights = sad @jhofker. 
well the day didnt star the way its suppose to i hope it ends the way is suppose to 
@yeuxnoirs I was amazed that it worked for me! - now I need to read 'easy way to lose weight' as I must admit I've put on about 10 lbs 
i seriously hope that this summer's weather gets muchh muchh better and stays that way 
@blogstech If your goal is sales - it's a *new* way to do it 
I have a belly ache  the only way it doesn't hurt is when I sit perfectly still and hold my breath wtf
@MissyDstephens i knew it was a Christian organization, but way cool! i got attacked by sea lice yesterday 
just ate wayyy to much of the mexican food that her dad made. it was way too good.  
@tyk505 i always think im gonna get way more $$ from there!- but no 
all of a sudden, im feeling lethargic, sad, and irritated all of a sudden. i'm feeling some kind of way and that way isn't good at all. 
On my way to portland. . T__T this is going to be a long drive.  good thing i got ma music! 
There are way too many old creepers here. 
is gonna dance her way thru genetics??...someone help 
@lizcerda first of all, where's deeves going? is she moving after all?  and for real, we'll have to find a way to get you to the shows!
@overshootTV sorry for the delay!!!i don't know how you break the rule but if i find a way i'll let you know.I can't do it yet 
@wildisthewind the festival of light is definitely worth seeing! I hope you can find a way out here! It sucks it's so far away for you 
@ashleyisher3 walkin closets are a pain in the butt though, walking all the way inside just to get clothes  CLAUSTROPHOBIA
#iranElection the only way to get this to actually work is for every family who is now protesting to raise their kids this way. no joke 
@voldified no  but if you find some, send it my way!
@Maiybe I'm sorry  I really wish I could have made it, but there was no way. I didn't get to do anything I wanted today.
@NS43 @Mocurrie25 way to bounce back styx! too bad the live access bombed and we couldn't watch the game 
@christinerose wish we'd been able to make it but car broke down on the way 
@thedomesticdiva my tummy feels that way like...all the time.. 
Oh, the frustration people who don't know how to do their job the right way. Or better, who chose not to do it the right way 
@efd494 yeahh I'm realizing that.....I'm so sorry....I took a chance and it didn't work the way I wanted it to....sorry 
Racing was on but I flatted half way through   rejoined the bunch when they turned and had a good hit out any way.
@RavenRIOT -_- way to believe in me!!! lol yeah i don't think i will either. it's getting really hot in this car 
needs to be with my hubby, i miss him way too much 
ive just come to the realization that something is seriously wrong with nobi....  he cant open his jaw, or swallow  vet is on the way
this lady put way too much boba in my smoothie. now I feel sick 
Just lost the best thing that has ever entered my life....wish it wasnt that way...but i guess it is 
misses the way things use to be.. maybe you're m.i.a. in my life because you made it that way 
One of my regulars has turned way too obsessive. It's making me feel really uncomfortable. 
sometimes i just don't know why people have to talk in a bitter way, why?  sighs .. that make me think i don't even want to talk to them 
I can name all 50 states..48 get in the way from me being next to you. 
the same way i cringed at my poor little toe...poor toe 
i just want people to read my other post so that way i get more follows im hype, but if i actually get into my bed i will sleep, no good 
@illuminantceo Aww, poor chap. I hope @kipthedog feels better soon. I wish there was a less painful way to do this. 
@LaurenConrad no way your in minnesota!?!?! i live here!!! i didnt know 
@PJlittleFoot i go to jail way too much 
And, yay (in a strange way) I found my tax papers. 
i think i need to go back to not getting paid.. i have a compulsion... i spend way too much money on such lovely things! 
omg u guys i think i ran a red light i was half way pass the light and half not and i went anyway. omg  i hope  i dnt get bad news
i feel like i need to scream... things aren't the way they need to be...l 
Wow way to be a jerk, seriously I can't stand you and now I'm supposed to celebrate a whole day to you? 
@crosswords4fun We were going to go along the great ocean road coming back from adelaide, but ended up going short way instead 
@dboixel I dunno if the person is feelin the way I'm feelin tho 
@SandiMon LOL that one way to go bushwalking :-P don't know any games btw   if you find some tell me!
@Lanifotanixd yeah i feel that way too. 
@pentacular exactly how it sounds. i bent it the wrong way, heard a big riiiiiip. consequentially, it's hard to type. 
On my way to silverstone! But worried I left my straighteners on 
Almost ready to go, I usually enjoy driving to my partents, but this time I'm a bit worried that my car may break down on the way 
Feeling some sort of way right now. A feeling I'm not sure I can identify... 
Earlier today on the highway the gas gadge dropped full to empty in one second  and on the way out of the show no doubts bus almost hit us
is upset coz her bunny died  and she loved him way to much and she misses him 
on the way to the, uhm, zoo. not feeling well 
@woahitssarah nice way to say bye  lol
summer kit is well under way, amazing how medication can affect the imagination..I hate feeling bad 
just put her cheesecake in the bin  No way was i gunna put my dad through that lol!
@asamiramirez watercolors are hard for me to use :/ they never come out the way i want them to 
On my way to the airport to say goodbye to shayna 
On my way to see the transformers movie  believe me this was not my choice
On the magical express on our way to the airport 
my fatty is way taller than me. 
didn't actually realise how much work she had to do for those optional units, there is no way I'm going to get them done today 
@MusicIsHealthy true! somehow i would like to see it this way nowadays but somehow i don't want to chester almost to cry  
I found my scans.  But they're not the way I wanted them 
@devinjay damnit  but i know another way :X but risky :X not safe unless you trsut the person completely =\
 Put on way to much make-up trying to hide the fact that I'm sick. I hope my boss doesn't send me home early again!! 
Just talked to some really cool guys who were on their way to go ride dirt bikes. Wish I could go with them 
The road to darkness always has a way of known my name!- pink nobodys knows! &lt;3  
everyone has church way earlier in the summer. i missed them 
is being grumpy. things arent going my way and i dont like that. sulking like a child. garrrrrrr. 
@tornadochaser_1 So sad that we can't watch storms together the way we used to do 
@ladyrsinal lol girl I'll be breastfeeding so I still got a long way to go 
wish there's a way to find out news about super junior 
Finding out hard way I cannot be in 2 places at once.  All I'd be doing is going up and down the 405 trying to get everything done 
Just left work-on my way to the resort! I hate leaving my puppy 
So proud of all of my kiddies....They are growing up way too fast 
said bye to pam  she gave us her hookah &amp; we already gave it away ahaha on the way to whorelando wiff @elliewaller
there is no food in my house.  i have work way way later too i hate closing shifts. boooo starbucks.
@LeanneCoppock mcfly dalby gig. but its in yorkshire and i cant find a way back 
stomach flu or food posioning... either way its no fun 
@ddlovato sometimes we need a good cry. &amp; your voice'll find its way back. sorta like the little mermaid  #trackle
@cudee2 can u send the orb down my way? raining here. again,. 
All those songs just make me realize just how bad my situation was, that I deterred off that happy path for so long... 
@Perezhilton im so sorry for what happened to you and  will.iam shud be ashamed, even a teen like me knows that violence is not the way
@Perezhilton im so sorry for what happened to you  will.iam shud be ashamed, even a teen like me knows that violence is not the way
is feeling slightly less annoyed than earlier but feels there is still a long way to go...got to start packing 
@bostongirl05 oh by the way I saw your pictures and im kicking myself for not going 
@joleeinthecity no. way. you have the worst travel luck, josie!! 
@imkokonuts becuz they wouldn't let me coook this quarter unlessss I get some classses out of the way . G.E's sucks huh. I misss cooking 
I really wish I could go out tonight but homework is always in the way. During summer 2 I really won't have a life 
Landed in denver 20 minutes until next flight, no way to get something to eat 
way too tired but can't sleep. feeling sick 
hating the way things are right now 
 i really wanted to meet you and the wonder girls. good luck! is there any way i can try out to be part of your company? it's my dream!
broken heart...need i say more.  sometimes dont work out the way we expect them to.
the roots of poison ivy must grow all the way to hell to cause this much swelling and itching 
@Raylonion new vivanno? holy crap say it aint so  the new way of brewing sucks though.
I have to drive all the way to the other side of town to take a shower because our water is brown. 
tomorrows going to be a rough day for me..1 year..r.i.p vaness   livin my life the way u wanted us all to, and the way u did
@TINKerbell788 your pics are clearer &amp; better than mine. they are all grainy &amp; have arms in the way. i'm short!  sucks
I'm annoyed sigh hate feeling this way 
had deep thoughts to herself when she's on her way home just now.. 
I feel really really really REALLY ill  will anything go my way?
*confused* why is there no standard for svn branching, tagging, merging. everyone does it different and believes its the best way  WHY?!
On my way to the gym right now, feeling a bit under the weather though 
I feel like I'm bein punished in the worst way...but I dont know what I did wrong.....I'm just want to give up cuz this is too difficult 
@joeymcintyre well...not breakup speech per se..but go read through his page, he's been drunk twitterin maybe? LOL either way, it was sad 
way too overwhelmed today. so discouraged by bitter, untrustworthy people. 
I wanna see my loves tonight, but i dont want to go out in this heat. I dont have air in my car so that means i will bake on my way 
@FAKEBESTFRIEND agreed!!! they are the shit!! they don't fly to philly either  and they charge way too much for their wifi.
I gave all i could, i gave everything but you had 2 go ur way nd that road was not for me!!1 
lame, way-too-much-coffee headache 
Hey fellow tweets, I'll be back in a little while, I have some running around to do (hopefully no upset tummy along the way 
@LoVeAlwaYsGabby omg i feel that way all the time........ 
on my way to pams house... I haven't seen her in a long time... we both have 2 different lives now..it kinda sucks.. 
I've realized I really, really want to go to @warped09 and I have no way of buying a ticket. 
@notfx #bump looks great. way better than my #poken 
i miss the 'on the way down' ryan cabrera 
@officialTila only if i lived in hollywood im all the way on the other side of the country 
and then i start having bad thoughts about myself and the way i look and stuff  baah . .  pissing me off 
@crashpixie -- awesome! way to go fanclub! now i am not sure what to do with this extra seat 
it's way too hot, for makeup  driver's ed is sucha pointless class
I like the way I look in a suit!  too bad I only get to wear it on a bad occassion. 
@007peter yessir, it certainly looks that way 
@loopy_lala i did. trip way too short. and i loved it there so very much. 
on the way to grad .. still feeling like crap 
On the way home, looks like I missed out on perogies 
just dropped my golf off at garnet vw. paying $100 to get it diagnosed. but my final bill will prob be way more after getting it fixed 
It's absolutely roasting, no way I'm going to get to sleep in this heat 
@jonnyunited just when I thought my commute was starting to go my way 
I don't have cable or internet, yet I find ways to procrastinate 
great    .....shitload of edits coming my way.
Earlier today my ankle twisted in some way that I heard and felt a pop in my foot, now it hurts a lot and I can't place weight on it 
@NoNamesJustLo I feel the same way  (boo @ me being late to reply lol)
@miabp weird in a bad way or good? aha i'm tireed  and here is not morning too aha
We wanna cross!! Lol, but the parade is in the way 
this pg's unsafe? or is it coz i didnt clear cache.Either way, this trip's not enuf.  
just saw two wrecks on the way home 
@Valasourus oh snap! way to get my hopes up 
To think someone got mad over this? GROW up! We all know the truth to bad it didn't go the other way!  http://mypict.me/5wSr
I saw a dead little bird on the way. 
@Bwash729 starvation is the only way! that's how i did it! lol, not really, but actually really.... 
Ah fuck i hate summer. i miss everyone  i miss the way things used to be...
@fouadthearab way to completely ruin my baby gio's confidence 
remember when you were a little kid and boys had cooties? well now im 17 and wish they still did...that way i didn't feel this way 
@XtineeMariee aye!!!! I want some of those songs! But there isn't any way! 
Getting way tired of peoples shit- in bed, missing him and wishing he was here. 
@dennyfbaby 3 way and my crush ended today 
@bridge9 aw, no way! most non-triumphant! 
@austincurtis awww  but seriously.... final cut on a mac is the way to go!!!
I'm sleeping or crying myself to sleep, either way, today was hell 
@CarolDAraujo im sorryyyy. im the same way. 
@Sixverstein I know you don't mean it that way but it always feels little like you're having dig at me about the eucl when you say that 
of the way i look. my question is...am i really that bad of a person? i hate stereotypes 
listening to................&quot;baby,come back to me&quot; .....i can't sleep.......its 3:10a.m....either way i don't want to sleep 
@ugottaluvruggz on my way 2 canada  
Bad hayfever or a cold? either way, I feel rubbish 
My bicycle crashed down on my way to school..  it makes me sad! @ 12:55 I have my last chance for my language test.. so pray for me!
@Aubreeeey Awww Dadddy  Lets hang out sometime! I miss you way too damn much.
On my way to sun plaza with @giovanniastina @julianachusno,widodo,jacky, denis, vincent satio.feels so sleepy. 
haaachoo! sigh. sneezing ol the way. 
On the bus to college, backs killin me  just listenin to @mousebudden to help me get thru the day. Such a long way to go now!!
@AlanRoberts1971 @paintgranny  thanks for thoughts, some of us were here working late again, didnt even manage to get to pub on way home 
@perpetualspiral Seems I have I karmic relationship. I like those pink/ red tones. But the only way I could survivce would be as a robot 
I don't care how much you love band, this is way too early. and there's no @katrina_ 
on my way to get surgery...joyy. im hungry 
@Kiea1  I'll stop at mcdonalds on my way too work
At the dentist  these appointments come round way to quickly for my liking.
Morning twitters .......On my way to work ughhh 
saw a dead hedgehog on the way to work this morning  great way to start the day..
im up way to early 
I run a non-profit website. That's not the way I planned it, but it's the way it worked out 
didn't sleep a wink! On my way to the doctor, maybe I'll sleep all day now 
It's way to warm to work... 
@aVrGeJoe well celeb or real person, I feel sorry for them either way! 
yayyy, GLAY on utaban!! Although the appearance was way too short 
On our way home. So tired been up since 330  waaaay to early.
i feel bad for momo tan... i hope she will find the way out of sadness... 
On my way to the airport it's ending unfortunately  snif snif ...
is on her way to the hospital  im so sickk 
@itsloveexoh I don't know  but I feel the exact same way..
way tired, prac report still to gooo 
@djdlux1 sounds like an awesome way to start the day! 
working heck of a way to start a day 
I miss the way things used to be... 
lack of sleep is making me feel sick, so I don't particularly fancy going out to get some shopping but it seems that's the only way. 
@thejazzter The usual - polishing my badge, getting tips, helping in any way I can! Wish I was out in the sun 
@voiceofcritics:me to  iam on my way to the studio now
all I did was to reach out // what a great way in responding 
I have way too much stuff 
On my way to seattle...but stupid standby...i didn't get on 
@choley  I was hoping sun was on it's way here at any moment.
miss him every second of every day  just wish some things could go back the way they were  ...
Is there a reason why I always find a way to eff up the things that mean the most to me? I can honestly say that I suck. 
Lunch is going past way too fast.  do not feel good
Nothing is going the way it planned.....my sisters wedding is going to be incredibly hard 
alfie has to go tomorrow  that woman asked me way to many questions
@eviljeanius -- try rappin your way out of that... 
@OneChance2DSky memory was fuzzy...but now that i'm comparing -u look way better than her too  i'm sorry to have insulted you ms aubrey!
Watched transformers 2 last night. unfortunatly tvshack's video of it sucked half way throught the sound went out 
at guppy's in cerritos for orientation, 40 minutes early  great way to avoid the invisible traffic on the 60 &amp; 605 D:
S***!!! i don't want a new channel layout for youtube!! i like the way it is now.. 
@missinthia oh no way!!! how sad - they didn't have time to get married 
@jaguarjulie way too young, I mean  (pressed return too early!)
since posting the 2 new photos on my website with the kids my hit count went up...way, way, way up. love to china for 5,000 views alone. 
@jephjacques I love the way you draw giraffe eyelashes. 
@mrskutcher it's only 1am here...i'm just on my way TO bed lol. weird. hope you have a good morning! 
@HeatherSullivan and, by the way, thanks for helping me define that better. 
@MFeatherstone way to pick a winner! 
@paulfeig the internet blows my mind everyday, the way nothing else can! 
@ggen lol soooo new update? on my way to read it!~ 
@MistressDragon Ah it's ok, I couldn't think of a nicer way to be corrupted  #blib
just found that locavore = a person who goes out of the way to eat food produced locally 
@economicwoman That's way too sweet - thanks for the kind words!  
On my way to a business coaching client. I look forward to It! 
@jesseyuen @brookecourt you guys actually live realllyy close to each other! could almost say down the road even. perth is way small. 
@MyAppleStuff hehe have to confess i too didn't read it that way 
@unravelling it's just not as bad as it was... either I got used to the way life as it is here, or I've adjusted my expectation somehow 
love the way skype fades music back in when a call ends... i'm so easily impressed 
@bsmommy99 it's not just you, i'm feeling the same way girlfriend, maybe we need a cave big enough for two 
@gblock Of course dude -- you always have a gentle way of saying I'm completely wrong.  
On my way into doncaster with a friend for a game of pool good times 
having fun and working side by side  By the way,  enjoyed the drama last night in my college ;)
@elakuz By the way...did you get your blackberry?  
french are way too serious on social media  @whatleydude was much more relaxed, had no paper to read from and it worked better 
@mrsgiggles83 hey black hair suits u by the way 
There I joined twitter  - now get off my back! (in the nicest way possible)  &lt;3
On my way to Assendelft, will get food there 
@marialascala I'm guessing it's like 300% frizzy there. Scrunchies and gel are the way.  thanks for the tweets.
@stolee It's been that way for a while. Even last time you posted about it, it was already working this way. I just didn't say anything. 
@KeithGoodrum @JeffHerring would tell you to write about 7 ways to get motivated to write. 
@jschmale it seems that way, huh? 
@marcdevries a beard is a great way to signify guru-ness! 
@3keseys Just one more way to talk online  
@themerchgirlnet and not do anything stupid along the way 
i will be the sun in your sky. i will light your way for all time. promise you. for you i willll.. 
@JimGleeson there are those that want a way out of suffering, but don't know how...therefore I am here to help those that seek it 
is livin way above the influence  -ericKah &lt;3
@priyankarocks  i went thru my own arranged marriage partner searching rigmarole. Eventually, fell in love along the way! 
@oprah, nite! that's a really cute pup by the way. 
glad the curtains came in way under-budget. 
@bridgetDginley this is totally why I follow you - because you're f-ing nuts (in a good way) 
@bryoccoli so? you could have stopped off in france on the way back. im sure they wouldnt mind. lovely people. full of... legs and such 
Almost on my way for coffee with @angelofsunshine and brandon 
@RobinPiggott the truth is we are showing you how to play but we're letting you believe it is the other way around 
back to my old ways. whoop whoop! 
On the plane, on our way, going silent for a bit 
@hitman1971 don't give up too easily regardless of any obstacles in your way, gd to be positive 
@misslori: My daughter is the same way! So I understand what you are going through...atleast right now we control what they wear! LOL 
@xsparkage it reminds me of fish scales  like in that rainbow fish book? not in a bad way!
On my way to the farm. 
@LindsayWhite your lucky  but you deserve it, all her fans do,  in some way we are all like her  how are you? xxx
on my way to hob for ap tour 
I just drove all the way to the mall 
@DreamWeaver8 thats what I'm saying... but its way better when all they can do is mumble incoherently... 
@wilw remember, the cat owns YOU not the other way around 
@a_sinclair   That is one way to put it...   I deliver what he sells...  absolutely, I will be participating in the user group...
@star_girlsophie yes  tehe not the other way around at all 
@portlandchiro sending postive thoughts your way 
@lorimcneeartist also turn it upside down and observe it for a day or two that way, mistakes and unbalance etc become easier to identify 
#asot400 imo, the best way is to drop some yesterday's sets to mp3 player and chill in the bed 
@prettybabies My hornomes went way crazy after it was removed for awhile! (about a week) I'm feeling better now 
On the 7 train..on my way to do my hair 
in a great mood. this morning's mess is way behind me. off to the movies with pretty much the coolest people i know. 
@ovenglove it's amazing how much better we feel when a task is completed ... of course another task always finds its way into our lives 
yeiiii, por fin : D by the way i love u @polipetroli 
i like it when you talk ass - so well keep it that way haha 
@AldrichJC twirl is the way to go 
have you met @jbwhaley, leader of the #frumpyman autuer movement? he's curmudgeonly (but in a good way!!)    
@invokedprojects it's likely that the client will only &quot;get it&quot; if you say the same thing for a 3rd time but in a different way 
Clever way to dress up a broken arm .. never would've thought of this myself  http://tinyurl.com/c84skt
@ipodrulz My mom wouldn't care either way so I'm good 
http://tinyurl.com/catyoy Watch this all the way through, you will NOT be sorry! 
@elektronikboy no fucking way I just call'em like I see it.  Just smoke another bowl and you'll forget about it!   hahahaha
@encoresara A way to avoid just talking to yourself will be to talk about some topics that might attract search hits fr kindred spirits. 
To the gym is the way I'm living... then checking flights to aus 
@ahoova You are very into writing things the way they are pronounced. I get ahoova, but why coffee? Just curious 
@mib2u getting engaged. congrats by the way.  unles you were joking.
@MaheshKukreja: It works both ways 
@cmasaro aw no i wouldn't do it for real, i just write what i feel, while its still fresh in my mind, my way of letting go i guess.thanks 
@samantharonson are you ever going to make your way to seattle?? 
@mr_trick no way! - this is obvously why we are simpatico, mate! 
splash! on the way to 1km swimm 
@vikkyc sounds like a rather lame chat up to me.  By the way do you come here often 
@aryono well, we will die 1way/another..so whats the point thinkin how the world end?? hehehe 
Trying to find my way round twitters 
@puffaddering cool  its good that you are into nutrition as well.. that means you will build up the right way
On my way to los molinos!!! 
on the way to the central bank to do some noising! 
@DonnieWahlberg If you ain't run by money, how 'bout throwing some of yours my way? 
@#asot400 super8 &amp; tab was soooo gooodd  anyone know the name of this track by the way?
@Glinner :O why? don't you find it boring? oh and by the way, is there another season of it crowd soon, love it! 
CYT is half way there and fuck me I'm so excited! 
was skeptical of someone, so I gave him a chance to prove himself today and I'm happy he passed it, but there's still a long way to go 
@TalyaGoldberg yeah... Hands on prac is always the best way to learn 
@hannermontanner mhmm i have a way to give a better answer  cam
@moniquealxari but ilove holiday by the way, hahahaa 
By the way good day to everybody 
@wtcc http://twitpic.com/3khg0 - bless, you look well awkward  like your about to crap yourself... in a good way though... ?! xxoo
@rachmurrayX shes such a BITCH ! hate herrr janey all the way 
crazy night. on the way to the beach to meet up with nicole 
i am on my way to the golden twitt 
@pamii278 one step worse than an english don't........ sorryy @darkredviolet!! you know this is a great way to practise!! also for me  &lt;3
On my way to the beach with my sister 
@maralovic I am sure there are healthier ways to celebrate 
@xlanochka thanks  it was ok, but the end sucked pretty bad. the first one was way better though
if this is the end then blue fear is best way to end this  after all that song was Armins breakthrough  #asot400
@LauraxOz yep! for about a year. thanks! i can also play thats just the way we roll.  haha.
@SamAshBray that is like the only way I'd come to your wedding, duh 
In my porshe  on my way to whitter...this feels so good
Yes! Series 2 is on it's way! 
@JenetDechary It's frustrating when you're caught up in a story, looking forward to a great ending &amp; they take the easy way out. 
@is_selene I would think of a crafty way... I can be crafty.. when I want to 
@maxime68  I can't drink the stuff. makes me ill. I have to wake up the natural way 
@Allyinspirit I haven't got any photos of the grass unfortunately, but I'll see what I can do if I go out that way sometime soon 
is up way too early!!! but on my to the airport and back to new york! 
woo go beers of europe. more lovely ale on the way 
@jamiemarkwhite nice one mate  we'll have to meet up next time you are down this way!
@fenrisfox ..and was curious, how many tails do you have by the way? Is it the full seven? 
@wenqi_loves haha all the way! 
@ecrookall have my fingers crossed for him! I'm sure either way he will be ok!  xx
@kategrech yeah from the other bolyin girl to star trek - difficult to say which way his career is going LOL 
@CruciFire i heard them way back in 2005 i guess! after that never heard of them again.. they sound ok to me.. 
schoolafter a long spring break is thumbs way down. 
@opheliatudeaux If you earned under the threshold it will be paid automatically the same way as your 2007-08 tax return was. 
@GirlsWithWings Sleeping on public ground transportation is the way I roll. 
is slowly but surely working my way through the workload 
@FUCKCITY -say it like stewie- and by the way i love your addicting laugh. 
Since I work strange hours, here is a way to keep you informed of when I'm awake.  I'm awake now and surfing the internet. 
@CeTall the one from junior prom. HAHAH. by the way, i like cheezy gordida crunches and strawberry frutista freezes. 
@LizScherer ah, the pubs are a couple of blocks either way, so they catered in 
loves the way he starts a conversation 
off to the gym before #marathonmonday starts. this way i won't feel like that much of a fattie standing on the sidelines. 
@gem82 thats a good way of putting it 
@machroi ok, ok, I was   No, I was just distracted by work...which is way over-rated by the way! 
@darcetrumps and u better follow me back..its a two way affair 
@dumbblondy well then send some energy over this way, I need it immediately 
@leslieyuko no way..thats awesome 
And I mean that in the nicest way possible. 
@kellyann18  Don't be silly, everyone is intelligent in their own way 
@problogger perhaps you could brand yourself in such a way that journalists would seek more quotes from you 
@NeFee ...just for those who didn't know  .....the limited space here can be enerving by the way ^.^
@grantimahara the same way that leonard injured his, though? 
@Thermopolas just make sure it doesn't resemble a 'moon' dance in any way, and keep your trousers firmly pulled up!!  
@Lotay It is great! I know some might not agree. I make places what I want them to be, not the other way around. 
@ryanhimawan hahahahahahah where are you by the way? long time no see yan 
@scottiejen at least mine didn't stop!  hola by the way!
@minervao thank you.  glad you like it. It's not gold though, it's made with brass, but it catches light in a light golden way.
@helenthornber &quot;what a wonderful world it would be&quot;. You seem upbeat and optimistic...my guess is you'll find a way to keep ur smile. 
@ajmckenna it's so topsy-turvy isn't it? I'll try and send some your way! 
on my way to marbella, spain  see u guys later!
On my way to wallys with my fave person 
on my way out to the spot if u home get the rope and gun and kill yourself ieeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
@iamjonathancook By the way, I see that you're cheating on your blackberry again. I won't tell 
@heureste  I think the req r crazy n-e way
fun night! went driving, got lost, maneuvered my way about town without any help! 
On our way way.. Catch yu there 
on my way to sydney 
Just love the way these baskets look in my fridge.  http://twitpic.com/4e00p
@yuvipanda ooh, a chronic case of ubuntu bashing  they still have a long way to go as far as user friendliness is concerned
i'm stiil trying to do the things n right way! ... (it's like that)  ...
sweet a new way to tweet and im easily distracted  
on my way to sudia arabia 
might bring food and shit to eat on the way to singing lesoon 
on my way out for a quick run, and maybe down to the gym 
@jogreeneyes looking forward to talking about that with you!  (inboxes and the way we work)
@Woywegian mate, your boys are all on the way out anyway!! 
@tweetles haha way to go. i didnt hit anything when i threw mine 
Yay, on the way to the woods for camping and drinking 
@ChageAUS yeah wasn't bad - a little weird in a good way 
And I am on my way to perfect happiness  No idea when I'll be home, sometime tonight ^^ &lt;3
@vancityallie Is it cast or just stunt people? You rock, by the way. 
On my way out for a bit 
@kassymay were so cool but people don't know how cool we are beacuse its way to much to think about   p.s stop eating all the pizza
is on the asian bus on the way to new york! 
18  going to schedule classes, way too early!
I like the way all my agents are making an effort on quality! 
Just finished practice... new songs on the way!! 
@Rickafox yeah, they're kinda strict here about driving the right way on the one-way streets. 
@MyAppleStuff exactly my sentiments  if only everyone thought the same way 
@legacy62 I will be laying back in the chair I believe. So I can do it that way. Or I can project it onto the piercer himself. 
@rahkee way of the samurai huh?!  good song 
@chefgui LOL, thx! I feel the same way about u! 
http://twitpic.com/4exu5 - On our way to jess' 
so i came to the conclusion a trip to disneyland is much needed. looking forward to good times heading my way...hopefully 
@pamparish awesome...is he gonna footloose? Or maybe take it back to pooh corner...have fun either way 
@mrbijoy I am the say way- regrettable decisions, but don't regret them. What are you gonna do? 
had a good day, feel weird.. in a good way. 
on my way to see static x !  at ufest with 15 other bands 
@alexa_rae: you two should find your way to beat kitchen for the cavashawn show 
On my way to a party for a cuz i don't know lol 
@aileen2u2 That's funny.   I got my mom hooked on them that way, too.
hahaha almost grounded! buttttt i can talk my way out of anything!  stupid old bish
well hello rain... this is mother nature's way of forcing me to wear my hair curly to formal tonight! haha 
@gringogidget actually nm.. we'lll figure something out.. on the way 
@meredyd and I'm sure I will have way too much fun reading it! 
@bryanhughes well when you put it that way -- who could resist freeing a device so it can fufill it's destiny 
Beds.are.way.comfy 
cooler stuff on the way hopefully you like it 
@lalavazquez me too! always...! it must be a woman thing     always packing way too much...we'd take the kitchen sink if we could LOL
hehe! who liked my joke?  I think I am going to tweet my way into a mental illness... and then I will need some tweetment 
@leightonmarissa just read your blog, sending my love all the way from the land down under 
@MariahCarey that's nice that you watch the fight which side are you hatton or pacquiao? im a big fan by the way goodluck with everything 
@benbarden My somewhat obvious answer to that would be *way* off topic.  
@LiDLo that's cool! can't wait!  but can u please gain ur weight back? i mean that in a good way.. 
@chelseawelsey13 congratulations! way to go... 
@johncmayer haha now i honestly don't know whether or not you're joking. either way, rock on. 
@tomlandersuk meebo also have one on the way that uses push notifications 
On my way to clarks villiage 
@rdelizo35 i enjoyed it...i like the way you write...your very talented  have you ever published anything ?
@ddubz good  better way better...you going mornin' service?
@wolfgoodfellow hm, that's quite difficult.it's just the way her cares about bella and takes care of her.and the way he talks (and looks) 
We're working on a new set of bases. We've got other stuff coming up before the bases, but they are on the way. 
I LOVE Themmm     http://tinyurl.com/5lohrk  The way you wrap those boys around your finger (8)(*) 
@brookeburke sometimes I feel that way 
Morning everyone! Just wondering if any way to do a random search on this thing..you know, like for hot single men 30-40?  lol
@clueless_bimbo if you find someone who still has a woggle send them my way 
@nicksantino that's not what I want to see! haha im on my way to jersey for bamboozle now! 
try to cook XD... okay. trying to make a salad. ... mom is doing the rest XD probably better way for all eaters here 
@charlieskies you know... your secret channels are in a way less secret, if you tweet about them 
@alannahjc yeah maybe. i had it that way with wizards  but now, i looove the show. &lt;3
@ShellyKramer SHEETS rule...can't stand the comforter sneaking it's way to my skin!   Sheets are nice...real nice!
is on my way up north, I'll be back down south in three weeks 
Everyone keeps staring into the fridge hoping something they like will appear...&quot;poof!&quot;....Doesn't work that way kids!  On my way....
@pawoli The best way to fight hangover is with good alcohol 
@reegan no way.  i'm not nearly as bad as scott!
@animalhouse4384 They get that way at certain age - my niece can't talk yet so I'm enjoying the pre-no era with her 
@erinmusicluver i'm sending major love your way 
@mrskutcher its a great article, I love twitter way more than the other social networks. Much less invasive! 
On our way to the hospital, will keep y'all posted 
@heidimontag how come you dont have your wedding ring on in that picture on us weekly chick?!  you are amazing either way! w/b!!!
@Rich_GoWagon hmm, maybe one that is done in a pool then u can walk half way 
@moorishflower no way, i just will put some music on and write whatever the music tells me to whether or not it's in character 
@bbaitystudio no way! It was a much needed break. 
seeing everyone we know on our way home.    boy smells terrible. had to add that. 
@DaveGorman by the way, any in/near swansea? 
@sheilasaywhaaa @iamfrances thankssss  way too sweet hahaha.
@jonniker kids are sort of addictive that way 
@Skyzyx The guy was so obnoxiously persistent, I almost started to laugh. I kept my cool though and eventually got my way! 
I did it... I'm doing something! On my way to tha store..  
@sunsonian I was so looking for a way to slow down time. Thanks! And best wishes.. or something. 
on the way homee, bamboozle was siiicckkk 
Eating sushi, the way to my heart 
@yeah_mate lol I'm loving the idea of hot whiskey - may have to pic some up on the way home 
@zapf They just like to talk that way.  It makes 'em feel better.  
a little humor goes a long way 
@jazz sir i am no way shape or form a negro i rest my case 
@_maroo yeah ... we fooled railways in a big big way... 
@feartofaith ohhhh my. can i just push a button to learn that or is it always the hard way? 
@pamjob sometime's it's way too much.. the thinking thing of course.....  
@megaaanftw am on ma way to the steps now  x
a final exam on the way... shit! hope I pass this one... 
@scenariogirl there'll be way too many ppl for that 
@scrappydd I took a few great pics but my rule is to tweet them then &amp; there, rather than later. I'm prob being way too strict about it! 
@smeykunz I swing whichever way the wind blows me mah dear...I appreciate everyone for who they are not what they are.. 
@jfkjohan @altimet I leave it to you both to strategize whatever way to attack whatever fish you fancy.. 
@spookerlabs it's called a telephone. I know it's new technology, but it's the way forward! 
trent reznor - liddle beotch doesnt get his way. this could be the title 
@RubixSquare Think of getting a job this way - only another 50 years now until you can retire  or the otherway (my way) 50 years of fun!!!
@OysteinLund either way, you always tend to make my #followfriday list, sweetie - you do rock that much 
On the way to sthlm - it will maybe be a movie   // cool http://gykd.net
On the way to my aunty's 
@CyberSleeper Awww man that does suck big time  But look at it this way, it gives you something to look forward too, a nice long ride 
@bhuto given the way kunal khemu etc. starrers turn out..there is a high probability of it being 'shit' rather than 'niche'! 
Up way way way to early this am....thanks @shane_benson 
@joshcoop Absolutely!  When we hit bottom there is only one way to go. 
By the way one of my goals this year was to forgive people. you have no idea how much has been lifted off my shoulders. i feel better. 
@kidbraindoc just hope the tunnel is wide enough that you can get out of the way!   
On my way to a final...the roads are really wet... :-/ hmmm.. Slipandslide!!!!!!!! 
Spending way too long looking for a new desktop background 
Trying to figure out the perfect way of leading a principled life 
On my way to dazzle bar!! 
@MsEsquire hmm, interesting... i think im on the way to that club too 
On the way to santa monica 
@chi_weets don't hurt me :'[ I meant it in a good way  :]
@langfordperry by the way, just saw u on ellen yesterday. here it's late comparing to usa. u were awesome!!! 
@hokutokonishi which means you're just going to have to come back to vancouver and have it our way! hahah 
@DurbinDigital LOL, yeah I do it cuz it just seems that way sometimes don't it 
@hartheart @marlyrae god you guys...i'll call you guys...three way. to discuss. 
Practicing vocal warm ups and breathing methods. I should do this the right way 
@SellPuts agreed  it did take me a little while to find my way on stocktwits, but once I did, I cant imagine working w/o it
@YasmineGalenorn used is definitely cheaper... may have to get later ones that way... but new is ok for now... 
@vautrin tis' cool..I still stand by my former proclamation! I'm just stubborn that way! #rebellioustwitwhoknowsacoolcatcook lol 
@robyn3890 it was way worse than that ...and where were you why didnt you say hello? 
@indieandyy  I hope when you're calling this the shitshow you mean that in a good way. because this will be fun. 
up way too early for a sunday.. watching old episodes of grey's 
@Skiingfreak77 and by the way it's short stack, not sway sway  sway sway baby is a song of theirs
@vectisdebs no plans are the way forth 
@fuzzyorange i thought people only went to hounslow when they'd gone the wrong way, didn't know there was anything there 
@KhairulHulk @SyamMasri supporting superfly all the way 
@ememcoolj your face makes people laugh. cause you're so ugly. so you're half-way there 
On our way to take photos at the park 
That's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise 
@clairemaxwell i know that feeling way too well - have a nice walk 
@SaliWho morrissey will cure you  I am jealous. but not in a slash your tyres way just in a hope you enjoy it wish I cuold go way 
On the way to see my grandparents 
mOod. was way too much fun. lol..  I lOve to dance TEchno !!! &lt;3 ... life.lOve.stress &amp;&amp;. set backs &lt;3 gnite
@danmcquillan  that would be a way of blocking it as well, but good solution nonetheless
I like the tiny things that can make the rest of the day way better 
Just ate the spaghetti which by the way i help preparing. 
On my way to the bowling alley. 
@mcr_fan_club don't worry, we ll know your just trying to get a point across. in no way will you be a spammer. 
just watched ALL meekakitty vlogs on youtube. i think i am really metall ill now  in a good way
@KimKardashian hey you went back to the dark hair, you look gorgeous either way 
Which 2 characters? @sez101 I'd prefer that no one dated in the show, but in fics it has to be FOSNUS all the way  hehe #SanctuarySunday
On my way to brighton with simon and serena 
@unkledad didn't mean to leave ya stag bud, pretty sure I blacked out on the way home 
By the way, many many, many thanks to @catnip &amp; @bounder for saving my bacon this morning 
On my way to the cemetary to pay respects to mi familia 
@SteveWhitehead nice way to spend the day 
'I will stay, I'm gonna love you every step of the way' that song's in my head  Lol!!
@veganfreak next time video w/ old school rap. really, all things are better thiat way. 
@dayeee goooood  but not in the way that you think it was good! lol good luck studying today loverr
@raquelhoughton I like  the way your mind thinks .. Your thoughts and ideas entertain me 
@MiamiCounting let's put it together with them who made there way to me and we have three 
way to get my hopes up. jerk. D:&lt; just kidding. 
@RoseannHiggins LOL. it's okay, that way there's no strange pressure on you &amp; you can be you  Always enjoy life, never in a place of not.
@rdelizo35 lol.... i'll get one or the other... either way i'll be happy. 
Listening to the brothers martin on the way to see frank black!!! 
@mismis: By the way, I really like @myrazbond's logo and color scheme 
Does anyone else think adam and leesa fight way too much? 
@NovarroNate you are such a booze bag ahahahah way to be nasty nate! 
@LadyPunk77 Yay that's the way to go, retail therapy cures everything 
@chipiii I felt the same way.  You'll be ready for another go soon enough 
@eugenechua  yay!!! That's the way dude! 
@jgmaty99 question: what kinda help you need?  i'm willing to help all the way from #alaska
&quot;back into my old ways, my old ways with you&quot; 
managed my way through the drupal heartbeat module yesterday 
's lisening to lily allens new album on the way to college!, loves it! 
@angierue Just wait, they'll be at your doorstep any minute the way things are going 
@Dutchrudder sure is and it's a bloody long way!!!!!!!!!! Phenergen was my best friend 
So I've been a vegan for four days now  planning on staying this way
Completing my marketing project and on the way to buidling my passion 
@ShropshirePixie same here, I have a feeling storm its on its way as its claggy 
On my way to table manner classs 
@stephhuddleston when you put it that way, the answer seems clear 
@OnePeaceBooks I hate that too but in the (old) Japanese cellphones it's an efficient way to type names 
preeeepare yeeeee the way of the lord...preeeepare yeeee the way of the lord 
@davidchoimusic no you came off introverted  but yeah definitely way more extroverted in videos
@TomoWalter Just be careful. If you pass out while standing it's a long way to the floor!! 
excited for things that are coming my way... 
On my way to welikefashion.com store... 
@nikkeexox ooo  i hope that means the wembley nov ones are on there way *finders crossesd
Is there any way to filter out hashtag memes? Getting very bored with myself right now. 
About to go to bed... I can't wait to get caught up with all my quizzes and get that final outta the way once and for all. 
on my way to rehearsal with musiq!! 
@ctpoulton In a very round-about way this kind of  is working for me... 
@NomadRip @FatPaddler I watch in a kind and benevolent sort of way  
@lizzyfresh sorry to hear that but hoping they find a way to fix that for her 
@lostforaname  I'm not sure where we could have gotten such an excellent idea.   Those spuds were awesome, by the way.
@gogomago exactely  but the absolutely best way to celebrate would be a mcfly concert. 
On my way to the airport 
On my way to facilitate a social media workshop for best selling author.  Should be fun 
@SoloRunner must be nice... pass some of that our way 
@tonwesseling it's not nice in the way it looks, its nice in content 
@foole_of_hearts Could be. But I usually don't *feel* that way - or at least that's what I was getting at 
on my way to work.. find me a new job 
@Jonasbrothers .. meant good by the way, not god  oopsies xx
Send some good vibes my way, and I'll return the favor! 
@BellsyJayne oh me 2..  its the way we roll!!   
nobody does it quite the way you do 
@nealey a gift to a stranger? Only makes sense if you can drink it- that way they have to share! 
came back to post this  on my way to a carnival &amp; wish this man was there...LOL...aaand im out! http://bit.ly/nVlVn
@chem6a way to go gomez. you are awesome 
Just watched blinks first show back.  it was fucking amazing! they sound exactly the way i hoped they would! =D
Really really obessed! with learning this dance i'v been at it for hour's i think im 97% of the way there now 
@shiningthunder  *tries to think of a way to come sing it to you*
@leightonmarissa wow! that's impressive, not surprised you're hot  (in a non-lesbian way)
#paranoid is my number 5 favorite jonas song. preceeding is when you look me in the eyes, shelf, cant have you, and love is on its way. 
Its too early to be alive. I wonder if my exhaust will survive all the way to Morrisons. 
@roobies I'm really sorry. T^T I wish I could get it to work... I'll keep looking if there's SOME way to do it, kay? 
@BryanAxe thats really the way to go.  
@Spoonsie sending advil your way 
@AustinAaron I know she will know. She might laugh at me for asking but in a cool way.  @krystynchong - I need you, honey! ;-)
@RandomKween awesome! I just finished the 2nd one, I'm making my way up! 
@theartofmegan: the books are way better. 
@madnessletter nah it doesn't work that way...u tell me what u think then i verified  x
Boys r stupid.  You can play with them the way you wantt 
@washingtonson So mine - therefore I am on my way to my wife's bed 
by the way productive for me is having a good time 
better idea than the balcony: on the way to the open air pool 
@linkmoneydotorg I'm not sure if I agree with everyone on the list - it's so subjective - but that would be a cool way to start the day 
@alaezel_naig nice name  where do youlive by the way???
@way2bitter can i see? 
@davidburke either way god blessed you with a wonderful surprise. But I'm guessing boy 
@SandyGuerriere mornin  and by the way- your boys are great.
@xandesigns yerr im half way through and im loving it!! 
providence  (@sam31444 way to not come with me!)
I'm doing a whole lot at once just the way I like 
On my way to kings island with julieeee 
on our way to tha beach babies 
@RussellBfan90 good,glad your feeln bit better now. watchn russ is always a good way to feel better..works for me too  xx
If only I could find a way to do this for a living ... sigh .... 
On my way of picking up trevor... Maybe brendan.  
on my way to a yankee game  soooo excited
On my way to the ville 
@sinfulsignorita it is exceptional, the story and the way it is pictured is magical 
I believe the best way to keep your body in shape is by eating healthy and exercise. That's what I live by- I eat a lot but exercise. 
the movie 'monsters' is really good in a weird way. 
On my way back from college station with jason 
On my way to 5th ave to look 4 tux. 
@ikaikatilton no way dude, I'm heading out doors today. but have a great one! 
@way0utwest I'll enjoy it as much as I can from inside a datacenter. 
On my way to the aquarium 
@babygurllonda not yet  I went early (one semester) and I had a reason, put it that way, but it's personal
@dtpriceless I fucks wit the celtics the long way 
@Frances3000 oh, yeah. didn't think of it that way. lol. in that case, i don't mind them celebrating. 
@Senilius_110 yes i think i ended up being there  i hate silent reading remember!  and i always find a way to get to places 
@carliecarrcrash If we combine then I'd find a way to like split the costs!  we should get all the seniors to help pay +anyone else
I'm attracting way too many therapists. From now on, my tweets will have lots of smiles   and exclamation points!!! (see, I'm happy!!)
I have that super anxious feeling, in a good way 
@caitlinbell18 hehe you spelled favorite the british way. 
@ClaudeKelly lmao. well hey throw some of that shampoo this way 
@blindsurf3r  we will see; both ways I'm happy 
@cindygarman I think it works the other way around.. try that.  
on way to kiss concert!! 
party stuff almost ready....I already need a nap  big inflatable on the way - get ready for some jumping!
On my way to my godsisters baptism 
@littlenaDdi best way, I love the anime 
@AlexandeRadio mannequins creep me out either way.  
@kirstytbsmcr yeah  well the bad news would be them saying it is over 18.. but you could find a way around, i'm sure. ;) + then you'd know
@robbla that's a good way to celebrate imho 
@MarieLuv i wish i could've warned you about that club...it's on another level, and not in a good way, but at least you got paid 
@LauraKatherineH It's this person that makes you tube videos haha he's way funny 
My dad and I are concocting a way to bring the TV outside so we can watch the hawks game out here  bahaha
@johnattebury the only problem I see is that I think serial killers live there. the place was way too clean.  even the garage was spotless
On my way to the boats with my mom 
@rob_sheridan wow..what a truly touching birthday sentiment. you sure have a way with words haha 
Now listening to hawk nelson on the way back home 
@bartonbishop I'm doing my best.  There's no way for me to get a hold of my boss, and I don't think she's checking email.
@jtill nah got way to lazy to do that lol I'll eventually add that once I get working commands and navigation 
I fit into my 7th grade cheer (practice) skirt! Or was it 6th... either way, whoo-hoo weight loss!!! 
@conniereece Yes, the reality of earning income often gets in the way. You will finish it some time though, I'm sure of that 
Just finished the rally!! it was so funny  but it could have ended in a better way...
@tigga_love I love poetry, swing it my way. 
@Lilylauren hey, at least there a no kids making noise and getting in the way 
On my way to improve my leadership skills 
Dangitall, this book is too good!! And very long... I'm still not quite two thirds of the way through... But still, quite addicting! 
@rebeccaaturner any possible way you could go on msn ? pleeeease  but add my new one.
@NathanWhelan yayyyyyy good job! way to be dilligent!  unlike me haha
@tonhiebear lets meet halfway. i am not going all the way to sacramento to study human biology. lolllll. but we can hang out 
@adapaavi LOL! Thats a nice way to put it! @fartingpen 
@AnotherJulia lol, no way??? well u cant miss someone that has no sense of humour 
Just figured out a way to print to my home printer from anywhere else via the internet!  All in the name of science, of course. 
@chronicbabe go boom, lol  well, it looks nice either way.
@yazzaspazza lol half way done! yes, coach is stepping their game up so we had to bring the newnew  -ms.amy
procrastinated again! What a great way to end the semester! 
@iantalbot I guess you're right about not reading newspaper. It is depressing, but since I'm Swiss I look at them in a very neutral way 
@qinghan i didn't follow every step but there're so many ways of removing or reducing them. it works for me  but not entirely
@GeeIsMe tuna and cheetos are way good. try it. 
@Littlebitofmoni I was thinking the same but I'm always following your tweets with attention. Such a nice way to keep connected 
btw ... @mahdi what do u do with ur deliver notifications? I turned them off in a period but that's not the way! any suggestion? 
@barneyc That's the right way round 
@Hollowbabes 6llbs in two weeks way to go girl i bet that feels good 
@noidoi_k thats the way. i've learnt the best way to get what you want is to NOT be feverish about it. 
if mikey way can watch i think i can too 
On the bus on the way to landmark 
@patvandiest the only problem when using multi-monitor setup is that I hope I could 'partition' my brain in a much better way  lol
@WULFFBOY nah i didnt take it the wrong way u good 
@tommcfly i haven't bought it yet cuz i can't get over here but i'll find a way. cause i really want to have it 
@cipher9190 hahhaa well thats always good that way its a surprise if she did! 
sortting my groups out on tweetvisor and if you use twitter.com you should try tweetvisor.com a much better way to tweet 
I think I've missed out on the line up 4 all the summer festivals.. hmmm.. I need to get my hustle on, where theres an Ogz, theres a way! 
@lovecomatose thanks for feedback, its really helpful. maybe you can have a free copy  [its a long way a way yet, so dont get excited]
@monroene twitpic? way cool!! 
@Qilly @syazwishahif  acted what way? what barbeque? are you gonna invite me too?? i loveee meat. and chicken...  and smoke...?
@beltanemay I think it's on its way ;) It's passing thro pretty quickly. You appreciate it more when it's scarce 
An excellent way to start a morning, @modfox @huntravess and @modzy should agree   http://twitpic.com/5f4t9
@ravis31 a creative resume is the way to go 
@MariRamos  IT is on the way to fix your monitor! 
@RuthieRAWR i haven't gotten that far i'm just happy i found a way to start without distraction 
on the way to the airport! 
Sitting in the hall way. 
@OfficialTL naw, at least you feel better now!  (by the way) your my hero!!!
There's only ONE way, TWO say, those THREE words and thats what I'll do.. I Love You!  .
Starting of the morning right working on contracts...why can't everybody just give me what i want the way i say i wante it 
on my way to the city centre. lets do some shopping 
@patriciagaw He'll find a new way to show you, a little bit everyday. That's how you know, that's how you know he's your love. 
@Cynical_Woman You are most welcome! I am way more than halfway afraid of what you are going to do with all these words... 
Cheerfully working my way through emails to all the inspiring, ambitious, like-minded folk I had the pleasure to chat with at #shine09 
@positive_way Yaelushke how was your english test? i hope it went good! love you  xx
There's only ONE way, TWO say, those THREE words and thats what I'll do.. I Love You!  .
i really hope a few things go my way monetarily, between now and the start of next year.  can't wait to get out of here! 
@mileycyrus hey hi... im chelle! hahahahahaha im from perth just sending all the love your way from everyone here  have a jolly filled day
@Sweetwaters Awesome! I'm on my way 
by the way, good morning. 
Who says cold calling doesnt work. With the right approach, it's a fantastic way to set up business 
@SmartRich @JudithLewis -- funny way of looking at it, but funny ahah 
@mightymur But this way you'll have a nice shiny smile for #Balticon! 
@jenniesloan1 couldn't agree more  think that's what enticed me to venture into the prime route with the 50 f/1.2.
on my way to my biopsy....wish me luck 
i dont want to go to work but at least i get starbucks on the way  see you guys tonight for free cams at 8 est!
@gjona Thanks for the visit.  On my way home, I know I have something good to eat there. :-D
@muchado1104 By the way, nice way to nerd it up in your new photo  
@letoyaluckett im on my way 2 my moms now 
@elisipops we step on the shore and where there are no starfishes around which is way far from the shore.  you should play together!
@wpstudios about half way thru the alphabet with prone, #trickydicky 
@DanaLanePhoto I'm hoping to head up that way someday...to live.  
On my way, bursting with excitement like a 3 ur old 
@zibbet Thanks!  I love the color selectors, btw. That's a great way to search and list.
@joeymcintyre i am not sure what you want us to do but i am ready and waiting  you can not miss mine lol hello kitty all the way lol 
@AshleyCandyLand goodidea i could sell my boxershorts... but i think nobody will buy them....to be a musician is a better way to earn 
Getting ready 4 the baby thats soon to be on the way! 
@AlexisTai lol well thank you for your concern. i did not in any way harm myself today 
@jessica_noelle I feel that way too sometimes. What helps me is thinking that tomorrow is a new day full of new possibilities. 
In the bus on my way to liseberg 
@bunchofmonkeys This is one way to keep on top of all your updates: http://bit.ly/mFHiN @onepoke made it! 
@TigerEm: snaps  When you're done with your luck, feel like sending some my way? ;)
@kristenstewart9 one way to end the madness is to say you have twitted + your username in an interview 
@pumpkinheeed You've cheered me up! I especially like the way the cat poked its head round the corner to see where the mouse was 
when you do some kind of work out using a dvd why do u always yell at them they cant hear you lol..... i never did like them any way !! 
@matdwyer ahh for a contest its useless don't even use it, just do regular way, btw what's your give away 
@challyzatb which is probably a long-winded way of saying worry enough but not too much.  Like you're doing 
@OlgaOvaltina clowning about in a silent way 
@antigeist not fair! give recipe too! ...looks way nummy! 
@kanika1386 u got what is METAPHORISM!!! dont base the language on stringent rules...its more fun this way 
@Wwada17 stupid lakers... so disappointed... no theme for memorial this year by the way  
and that's the way the cookie crumble's!!!! 
@ClaireFry cool,  doing things on your own in sometimes the way to go, then you don't need to rely on anyone. X x
@CoachCharrise send java your way 
On way to lunch with iMoneyManager investors and partners 
@WWisewolf By the way I'm Lebanese I meant it in a very positive way  I thought it was gr8 biz mind
@grahamwgreen a ripple of quiet applause makes it's way across our fair county...  
@Shaubreawoods Me too  by the way, I love your username !
@MrAdamLambert and this support is all the way from malaysia!! 
A great way to start your morning: use sparkly frog-shaped soap. 
@hana77 on the way to adam road, nope, not watching the match with you 
@pauljchambers, Get a monocle-sexy AND sophisticated! Albeit in a 19th century way 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5nlbf - Wow, you guys are brilliant!! (in yet another way... ) Congrats, keep up the amazing work! 
@haimtime Unless I asked for it as a gift, of course. I'm quite practical that way. 
@boxofcrayons we are all poets, in our own way 
On my way to the D for #demf.  stay tuned for updates from the motor city.
@IlseDeLange ha! way cool 
@midgetmum Haha, the way I read your tweet was that you had to change what you ate as it gave you stress  Mines probably stress
@andyclemmensen old people are cute  , not cute like the way you shaun and bradie are cute, cute in a dif way why are yous there?xoxo
@TomFelton The new pic is super sexy by the way 
@railwayromance We all can't be as weird as u  u look nice today by the way
In the cab on the way to fiddler had cocktailes at panthers 
If you've ever thought that following/unfollowing based on a 1-line bio is a less than ideal way to find friends, this  is for YOU! 
gone fishing...what a great way to spend time with my honey 
@dansogordon haha.. hommie we r so coming and visiting u then  in an 100% serious kinda way
listening to music from glee is a great way to start the day 
on my way to london now, cant wait to get there 
@dentlizard way to go hun!  you look great 
whooo hoooo!!! you're getting tossed into the jungle!!! way to go!!! grab that banana!!! go for it! 
3D movie is the way  can't wait for coraline in 3d
Hey @TJAbif I am a little bit 'that way' inclined  , I raise my pint glass - cheers man.
is on way to shop for my little peoples! 
my h.net member cd is on its way to me, as of 12mins ago 
@aislynngrey you don't console your boys when they're wrong I'm equal opportunity hugging by the way 
@opinionatedant In whatever way they're put before me 
@Trish1981  lol, you're right, it was in a twisted kind of way. 
Just had a printer issue client reported it would not print. That's what happens when the tray is not in all the way LoL 
@vadavia just change username; no loss in anything that way 
@Boomstone  I don't think anyone has ever described me that way 
@grantimahara About the only way she can participate in that experiment. 
@suemaden way to go babes 
@Chanelkat your right, its way worst to lose someone,thanks for the advice  i feel a lot better 
 all smiles this way...
just commented onlinacyxx's blog, nice header by the way. 
@Snovia only SOME of us women do. We learned the hard way unfortunately. But at least we learned 
@kristinfinley yay for invites!! I'll be on my way, we'll have our tombstones together too 
@aulia i thought you do your lunch way.. way.. before it time? 
im wearing my retainer now. on my way to a brighter smile 
@OliviaWilder good night and nice avatar by the way 
@archaoes I just get it the plain-vanilla way: by visiting 'em sites. 
@Haerviu  sure thing  i checked your website by the way, are you upgrading?
@CoachDeb  tons of love going your way!!
There is a beautiful in every way rockstar! @zaneology 
On the way to the casino! 
@SWeeTKiTTie no prob. ! it's no big deal anyways . By the way , you're so pretty and i love your blue eyes 
@gayatheist hey, congrats on the progress you are making! i am awful, i let any distraction get in the way of going to the gym! 
@gnoserif lol.... well, it's one way of getting publicity. 
@tapwire ohhh, i read it. thank you for the compliment  ! I'd reply on that but I had way too many messages in there!
it's way to early to be up... except i will be going to see @jonasbrothers 3D movie today 
I ilke loading up the car in the middle of the night; less of an audience that way 
I like loading up the car in the middle of the night; less of an audience that way 
flat tire on the way to the soda springs..stranded and not really caring, haha. 
@ispin lol, you're well on your way, if not through sheer persistence.  
on the way to lapiz . going to eat and gossips 
@poojarazdan looks like one will be on the way for me tooo someday..... 
@problogger it had an impact though, including in a few ways you never heard about. 
@djsamhouse I didn't feel like forcing it.  always been that way with photos. happens naturally or it doesnt.  good4 you tho! nice snap?
255 ABCDCA  16.51318167? 32010.. everyone is special in their own way. xoxox
Give @oliviamunn my regards and love in the chat tonight!  not in a creepy dirty way tho. Unless she wants it that way. ;)
@acelise05 lmao..u don't have too u can do it your way u probably can do it better anyway 
thank goodness i bullshitted my way through them 
by the way: still don't smoke  (but I'm eating more chocolate and sweets then ever O_o)
On my way to the city for some lights and a room. I can make anything sound boring 
@IdolNews he could so do both! He'll be great either way 
