Most common words for this cluster:
[('weather', 1510), ('day', 88), ('summer', 61), ('weekend', 55), ('sun', 55), ('warm', 50), ('rain', 47), ('hot', 38), ('cold', 38), ('sunny', 37), ('amp', 37), ('week', 36)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'weather', 0.9201464056968689), (u'wise_Nickolenko', 0.6913452744483948), (u'Warm_temps', 0.6839685440063477), (u'TONIGHT_Clear', 0.6660705804824829), (u'wet_weather', 0.6659250855445862), (u'Partly_cloudy_breezy', 0.660937488079071), (u'weatherwise', 0.6600416302680969), (u'chilly_temps', 0.6595397591590881), (u'foggy_mornings', 0.6562049984931946), (u'warmer_temps', 0.6561962366104126)]





weather cloudy again, everyday same time rainy  
Oh no the weather has turned bad. 3m seas predicted for tomorrow. This could cause a real problem  hopefully the prediction is wrong
I love the nice weather, but since yesterday my allergies started acting up... 
hating this weather... had to brng back out my winter gear 
The weather is getting cooler, goodbye summer 
stupid daylight savings ending/cold weather. I'm exhausted 
So the weather officially got worse it is now snowing here 
the weatherman hates me 
I am without a car right now  hopefully I'll get it back after work. And I hate winter weather when it's suppose to be spring.
feeling under the weather and wishing I were in bed with the dogs 
is in my education class.  Where did all the warm weather go?? 
@jfuzell omg.this is the horrible mindset i've been having for a month now.  hope u r doing well! o &amp; enjoy ur weather. its snowing here 
@waspinator holy shit. there's no snow in richmond--yet. stupid weather 
Still sick feeling weak  can't enjoy this beautiful spring weather 
is trying to start studying again in this *gulps, horrifying hot weather 
the bad parts about fall &amp; winter: bugs falling from trees, &amp; cold weather. 
@MKoenigsberg  don't be a meanie! it doesn't matter the weather out when i could go tanning anytime in a cancer machine!
It's hammocking weather!  Too bad the hammock is stuck in my storage unit!  
@burningsound but that's kind of iffy for me too because my internet is up and down because of the weather too 
@4evaurgirl lol... winter is the only season that I wanna experience sooo badly! Over here it's always hot cz of the tropical weather... 
@sophiaannabush well im just upset about this houston weather. its been ruining all my plans 
really wants to be outside enjoying this weather..i'm stuck at work instead 
is sad about this weather. i miss cali 
no more snow i want warm sunny weather 
probably had the worst weekend ever, despite  the good weather in davis. 
is feeling hot  hate the weather!
@LiliCosic how's the weather? here it's raining a lot 
@tommcfly haha poor you coming from nice warm weather to rubbish cold one 
The weather is dead nice, can't believe i have to work till 5 
I'm resting up, feeling a tad under the weather 
fuckfuckfuck the hotty weather! 
canceling picnic plans on very nice sunny weather 
chilling in the chilly spring weather. weak signal on the wifi though 
can't believe she lives right on the beach, with abosloutely wonderful weather but she chooses to revise  god damn education
why is the weather so nice when yer mean to be studying 
Another day in the sun! Why does the weather ALWAYS get nice just as I'm going back to work? 
Where did that great weather go?   
@devss haha decisions decisions!!! ...what happened to the pretty weather? 
is loving the nice weather. and also misses thomas lots. 
@melodyejoy wish it was tanning weather here  jelous
the weather messed up my sunday 
Now I have to reschedule but of course the weather is shit for all four days that I have off in a row. 
@rainbowglow aww  at least you made the most of the sunshine when it was out (: i hope the weather stays like this!
misses the nice weather 
Mission Control has been informed of an incoming weather front which has developed out of nowhere 
weather's freakin hot! headache's back 
feeling a bit under the weather. 
@catwalkcreative the park is lovely! went 2 park w/lil one yesterday then it got blustery-waking up 2 cold/rainy weather in eastern U.S. 
is loving the sunny weather &amp; dreading dentist appointment at 4.00 
@alesa13 njoy your day hun :* and send me some sunshine, im hating this cold weather we're having 
Typical. The weather's lovely and i'm stuck in school 
I really hope this weather keeps up.. but thinks its meant to get worse tomorrow  rage!
such a rainy day  where did the nice weather go?!
its not fair having to work when the weather is sooooooo good 
um what happened to the nice weather? 
Thinks it's bloody typical that the weather is lovely now she's stuck indoors 
hate this weather 
@KingTrot right....and i have to go out in this bad a$$ weather for lunch.....  
Being stuck doing essays when the weather is so nice outside is particularly bad. 
@JanetaAmayan I hate the weather! I'm getting dark all over again 
was hoping for this weather last night! 
Loves the sunny weather! But have to work anyway 
Once again, at work looking out of the window at the glorious weather! 
@duality1 boo, must be frustrating, esp if you're like me &amp; sew more in warm weather (knit more otherwise!)  No room for it, I take it?
@MarianMcGuckin in machine ready to hang out shortly just heard weather forecast going to be showers 
...NOT liking this gloomy weather... 
is enjoying the glorious weather!!! But stuck indoors. 
The weather is wonderful and I'm here trying to come up with features for machine learning 
is hating th weather , not kewel having rainy nites for costume parties 
hates the weather 
bad weather   but i'm going to get some of the plant thats makes you happy if you smoke it....haha....
@introversimonDu goodo  weather tis a biy shite here  x
Wrk rubbish, weather really nice outside so feels even worse inside 
boring    ao good weather and i am alone
is sweating as if she just showered herself.... hates the warm weather 
@calicoprincess yeah, this constant weather change and lack of a consistent sleep schedule has made me ill as well 
This gloomy weather makes me wanna stay in bed 
Is tired of the weather and the colds...... 
What glorious weather  shame its changing on monday 
Aahhhh the gloomy, rainy weather 
is hating the cold, rainy weather 
The hot &amp; humid weather is back again  - http://tweet.sg
Just looked at the upcoming weather forecast and is feeling down 
Where did the nice weather go? 
going out in the sun soon. looove to the weather! after that i'm going to dance for the last time for this semester. sadface! 
we sleep all day.. the weather sucks 
weather = shit..everything aching 
@CareSkin - thx 4 making me jealous.  the weather up here is all crappy.  
I don't know if I should go to the zoo    I hate this weather
This weather is terrible... Bad morning 
one week ago the weather was freaking hot now i'm freezing 
Under the weather  darn springtime colds
Enjoying the sunny weather too much.   I don't want to leave  http://twitpic.com/4hwm9
I am sitting at the computer after a hectic and busy weekend dealing with far to much...and now I am really really under the weather 
going soon to school, really don't want to in that beautiful weather 
I'm in wales, it isn't the nice weather that i was promised. It's tipping it down 
watchin cartoons with my son,hate this weather i want 2 take him someware bt the awfull weather is stoppin me 
Morning all, the weather forecast was right then, rain and more rain, might have to change todays plans now 
@Sazchik  fine thank you, we were going out but the weather has put a dampner on that too, and if we go to the playbarn it will be full 
bummed that the weather was not beach weather   4 day weekend is almost over
bonjour, it's bank holiday everyone! going for a picnic, but the weather doesn't look too nice at the moment 
hello severe weather....I have to walk to work i you 
urg; its been raining here  typical Scottish weather. it looks like is gonna rain soon. 
@lolalovesmakeup feel better love....the weather hasn't helped! 
Oh, great! The weather ch. says a week of rain. 
no sunshine yet, this weather is so dreary 
fuckin weather 
@nigel89 awww lol. I have talked to tom from mcfly 3 times and no reply :S lol weather is shit here too  
picks the worst days to wear warm weather outfits 
oh summer weather.....where are you??? 
just woke up ... now looking through the window and feeling depressed because of the bad weather outside 
@kirsxv cough and colds  sa weather ksi
Hopefully having a bbq; but looking at the weather, it looks like it kinda aint gnna happen  x
Both me and wife is ill  The long flight, the change in weather and sudden heavy rain in mississauga is the culprit. 
@eelyntang eeks, sorry to hear.  must be the weather.
missing my princess &amp; the weather makes it sadder 
@LiveManaLove hello ;) good morning , how's it going other than the crappy weather 
nice weather but school! 
Hates the rainy weather 
Missed the last 15 min of lost due to the weather. 
loving the rainy weather tonight, wish I had someone to spend it with 
@BPDINOKC  hope the weather has improved? 
I see your weather is just as lovely as ours 
weather sucks... 
Shit weather - it's sooo cold 
@billingtonart I felt the same way as the weather is the same here  
The weather is terrible!! I wish the sun would come back 
I need to snap out of this funk. I think it's this dreary weather. 
@silviastraka hopefully the weather clears up - I'm to fly out there next week. 
hi all! it's a gloomy day here in pa   how is the weather where you are?
@BellaMama im great, im upset  i forgot to watch the weather  walked without an umbrella 
Just thinking about wether to accept the new offer and script or not ... This cloudy weather here outside makes me depressive somehow 
this weather is making me seriously miserable... I feel like I'm coming down with something too waaaa 
@agencyspy ugh  perfect weather for it.
Shit. now that weather is over north chuck.  i wish our 5 day forecast didn't include isolated t-storms!!!
home again, would have been nice expect weather is crap here and got to unpack 
@wendywings so true! just got really cold all of the sudden.  weather supposed to extra bad tonight, I think...
lovin the weather, london, i miss you 
http://www.theweathernetwork.com/weather/cuxx0018  nooooooooo..... pray for sunshine 
is at tiendesitas, working. hate this day. have a headache because of the weather. 
@JaneyBee001 I am waiting for some good weather. How rubbish is it this weekend.  bout u?
What's with the crappy weather? 
im not happy with this weather   
Off for a nice walk with the cousins. I'll probably get drenched!  British weather sucks!!
crap weather!! 
@DelhiBnb how's the weather? in plymouth is really miserable and cold and raining brrrr 
I want ice kacang to quench my thirst   this freaky weather is killing me!!
@spafferine shit !!!   lol this weather is really starting to piss me off now too!..
What a bummer the weather is so f-cking bad here 
Ah lovely summer weather. With this and my hot water situation, I may not end up sticking around too long after all. 
childrens homework done, my homework done  weather wet 
wants to go out but the weather is so shit 
its cold, windy and looks like its gonna rain  weather sucks
it's not fair beeing away sick, when there's such a sunny, warm weather out there... 
Raining outside but it is not heavy enough to cool down the hot weather here ... boy it is boiling hot here 
shitty weather to wash your car... 
@spinnersdance I agree! I'd been planning a lovely stroll along the canal to/from the shops, but sod that - weather's too foul! 
coaching in this crummy weather 
Just doing some more revision. Looks like the weather is worsening too 
@BitchenFries glad u are getting nice weather. It's foggy and cold here 
Why has the weather been so gray this weekend?  #fb
Not feeling so great  maybe it's the weather
I love NOT enjoyin the weather. The sacrifices 
Ugh, I heard that I missed super nice weather while I was fast asleep this afternoon.  #svpt
Unfortunately I have to miss out on this gorgeous weather and be indoors all day 
Wanting summer to start... fed up of this weather! 
I don't know what I hate more. The weather being gross and gray, or the weather being sunny and bright, but not being able to enjoy it 
@fashionambition did u see the weather here?? Its sooo dusty! I've been sneezing for the past week from it.. So bad! 
Wow. What a bad morning. I wake up in a t-shirt and underwear in 40 degree weather in a tent, then have to get up and clean a rank barrel 
im bored weather has me feeling blue 
@daisyx bad weather puts me in a bad mood 
this 50 degree weather is unacceptable for mid-may. 
darn it this weather is rubbish...   ...xx
Is really not feeling the london weather tbh, I want to go on holiday ahhh 
The weather changes so erratically... 
@angeliatay the weather is just awesome for that lah!!! 
What rubbish weather ruined my plans 
ah! the heat wave is back!  ... the weather was sooo nice y'day.
What happened to the lovely summery weather we've been having? It's rained all weekend 
@chocolate_dip im good wishing the scottish weather will turn good 
omg the rain... its may the weather should b better not worse! 
the weather in kent is horrible 
I should of stayed at home. Its stupid ugly out. This that great sleeping weather. 
@news10weather This heatwave was bad 
got to go out and get wet with dog hate british weather wish me luck with shower dashin 
another monday in my cubicle- when the weather outside is beautiful! 
looks like monsoon season has started   #bristol #weather
British weather FAIL! #weather fail 
Feeling really, really bad for my hubby working in this nasty weather. 
man all this hot weather this weekend then i wake up to a foggy cool morning no likey 
Is it may or march??? !!! What's up with the weather , global warming? More like global freezing!  
the weather sucks! rainy and cloudy  
hate this weather... 
not liking ga weather! 
@heycassadee the weather may not help  you could go to the seaside!
Absolutely Positively frigging horrible weather outside , and will be like that for the weekend. 
Another day in T5 while outside the weather is great 
@ramdomthoughts there's nothing interesting to tell about it  the greatest holiday weather in germany, and i'm inside the stupid store..
@Costus this weather is bananas. bring back summer. 
says i really hate what's happening to our weather right now because of global warming arrgh  http://plurk.com/p/vfb6v
Fucking weather. A day off and it rains so much that I can't go out. 
@gfalcone601 you took our good weather! i thought it was going to be sunny this morning, got outside, and i was soaking wet in seconds 
getting even more sick in this hot weather 
good morning. weather is awful 
@EnglishRose75 LOL, it's great!!! The weather is nice too!!! Fantastic! I'm back on tuesday though  How's you?
Annoying weather for a birthday 
@RealLadyGaga r u enjoying the freezin weather? haha please watch out in queensland theres floods everywhere i wld die if you got hurt 
@AleccaRox i possibly won't manage to come  as u said,weather is great and i can't help but leave athens for the weekend!
I'm so tired ... and ill. that totally sucks. the weather outside is awesome and I have to stay in bed mostly     xx
bad weather either, hot and sunny day  44*c
TGIF! ... Where did the hot weather go? 
further proof that weathermen don't control the weather...  it's raining on my day off too - no golf for me    yet!
@suareasy dude u srs? I'm coming from ldn and the weather was fab there 
Just got back from my early workout. now getting ready for service. still sleepy weather 
stuck in bed  and the weather is soo nice outside!
I'd really like the weather to cheer up, far too grim at the moment! 
This weather is awful...haven't seen the sun all week! 
With the benign weather patter, we have cancelled plans to chase. 
Headed to the zoo! The weather doesn't look great.  listenin to ingrid!
Why does summer/warm weather have to be interrupted by road construction? 
soo sleeepy.... icky weather isn't helping either  ... however, still thankful for the awesome weather we had these past couple of days...
Dangit I think I'm sick from the travel/weather changes 
is really sad it going to be bad weather all weekend 
weather suxs...missing my bf 
yay for warm weather!  boo for cold rain 
@Momaroo we were planning to have a big cookout/picnic...buuut it JUST got cancelled due to the weather in our area 
@rosskie  our weather sucks
@lyptis ugh! i know what that's like. i rely on good sunny weather for my photos too 
http://twitpic.com/61cc8 - I think I miss the views and weather most.. 
eugh. I hate this weather, it makes me sick (quite literally) and its super cold  bring back summer (Y)
will someone please explain to me why its 50 degrees out and will rain for the next 3 days. f* new england weather 
So hot!!!  hates the weather!
cloudy sucky weather    gimme some sunlight...
My feet are cold. I hate this weather. Chillblains? I know what they are, I get them. 
@DreamyObsession lol they are esp when i get to finally make stuff lol &amp;&amp; i feel you bout the weather its sucky here too 
The weather sucks here in the crowntown its coming down 
The weather man said no more sun?! 
@hollyrpeete The weather is not so great right now, 60's &amp; 70's this week!!! 
I'm wake up now, and I'll go to work. I'm so tired, the weather is not too good. It's raining 
@BuzzEdition reminds me of the weather a month ago it was horrible  I hope all is well hugs
Gorgeous weather, but no bike 
I hate working nights, cos I'm not really able to enjoy this gorgeous weather, as I will be asleep 
Why don't we close the library due to the great weather?  And the ac isn't working  #fb
this weather makes my fingers numb / still waiting 
..the weather may makes it, cause temp fell down to 15C from 30C which were yesterday  ...
bahhhh.. cold weather is making my teeth hurt. 
I really like how the weather widget on imac and iphone always predict different weather...not! 
TGIF, too bad the weather sucks... 
hates this weather 
bored...disgusting weather..bored..sooo bored for my last weekend here 
One downside of the nice weather: It brings of the chavs... 
I think I have hayfever. Not sure due to wearing next to nothing in horrific weather on wed. 
The one day I do my hair, weather sucks  where is the sun?
ahh everyone's out today taking in the sunny weather except me  might go and watch some tv...
@KarenEJones -dont know if u herd but queensland is havin it bad they have floods and in this weather, i want to help but i cant 
weather is making me gloomy 
such beautiful weather.. .why are u sick, baby ?  @ tanapolis
I wish the weather would be slightly less rainy so I could use the hot tub. 
@simonprobert yep, supposed to last all weekend. filthy weather 
is about to go for a run.. in this weather.. 
I wish the weather would make its mind up! Also wish I could hurry up and get my new song up on myspace 
out enjoying the weather before i have to go to work.. last shift with @jamieallover 
@BarryAlistair I must of brought the bad weather with me to the states 
@candypants2 http://twitpic.com/66wxk - SO jealous right now!!!hate new england weather 
is enjoying the nice weather but has been stuck indoors writing an essay for most of it 
grumble..weather man.. don't know wtf they are talkin about.  
yay for nice weather, boo for cici not being here this weekend 
wants to go out and enjoy the weather but is tired and stuck in bed 
and why is everyone having a nice weather but prague 
What's with the gloomy weather? The sun must be too tired to come out and play  heading to victoria gardens for some impulse buys haha
@Crizzoid I cant stand summer fever (for me) and when the weather gets really humid  lol
I need to relocate to the west coast.. This weather here is killin me!!! 
http://twitpic.com/67jxs - Such crappy weather 
@redefinition if only the weather would cooperate for us to get in the pool right now. It's been too cold all spring 
I dont like this random gloomy weather 
I h8 this weather!! It's the be gloomy &amp; rainy all weekend 
thinks its the perfect weather to go camping and cuddle up with dave under the stars and sleep 
why must the weather b so nice and then so bad all in 1 minute 
the good thing of having a fever is feeling cold, especially in such hot weather. I think I'm hallucinating lol  .
@madonnalover Just hanging out at the desk, sending the tweets! It's real crappy the weather here.  WTF
@MzKikiJ Aww...now i'm sad!!! We didn't go b/c the weather channel said it was gonna rain the entire weekend. 
I hate gloomy weather and dry contacts. I wna watch up 
Just woke up from an awesome nap!  still feeling under the weather though.
No beach 2day  They promissed sunny &amp; warm weather - it's clowdy, windy &amp; cold.
good weather all week 
i hate this weather! cold and wet :S i need sunshine 
I can't get over how nice the weather is!! GUTTED I'm stuck inside workin 
such beautiful weather outside and I am not able to go out because of my foot 
Finally dragged myself out of bed. An still annoyingly bunged up with cold, and weather is irratatingly warm again. Not good 
cant belive how gawgus the weather is and i cant go out cus my son is ill 
weather gorgeous, garden looking lovely, family in happy sunshine mood - me? about to spend 4hrs in car 
couldn't jump out of airplane, 'cause of f****** cloudy weather 
nursing a summer cold  waiting for @stretch and kids to come back from town. amazing weather - would rather be on beach 
why am i always the one full of a cold in the middle of the nice weather! nt fair  oh well
i hope the weather will make up its mind....changes in the weather causes my asthma to act up!!!! 
 parents have fucked off to the beach without me. I hate hot weather when i'm revising ahhhhh, I need tomorrow.
@alfone  well that sounds like it is going to be fun... how is the weather? Recently L.A. has been drizzly &amp; overcast 
how nice is the weather :O !? (L) sunburnt tho  x
Why I don't watch the weather forecast before I went home?! Here is it cold and rainy and I thought It will be warm. 
sitting alone at home, my english isn't good and the weather is shit 
drive home was boring and lonely but    miserable weather aye.
Eurgh the weather is gorgeous! But I've got nothing to do  xoxo
I love the good weather but I don't at times cos of my bad hayfever 
wine country hot air balloon ride cancelled again (4th time!) due to foggy weather 
Why is the weather always amazing when u have yucky errands to run? I want to go play 
hayfever with this beautiful weather just sucks big time 
Not a good time to be under the weather 
enjoying the great weather. too bad i now have a blister on my foot. ow 
@SarahMag80 oh man that is gonna be so nice a nice sea breeze to cool you off, toiling in the garden in this weather is not ideal 
What nice weather we're having. I'm gutted I didn't go to the beach yesterday 
@KezzieN so happy for you for shopping(although i hate that)and for the great weather.Here's rainin' like hell  and it's so cold 
@DHughesy home  shit weather.
loving the good weather hating the sunburn 
cold, rainy weather. no cycling this weekend 
@WerewolfSeth hope the weather is nice there it's cloudy and looks like rain and is only 60's wish i was there on the ocean 
Everyone seems to be enjoying lovely sunny weather except me ( and the neighbours)  http://twitpic.com/69cu1
I woke up and it was sunny, 20 minutes later its dark and rainy  Whyyy?? I just want nice weather.
@Birdrillard thanks. The weather has truly turned summery and I get a thick and nasty  cold! How ironic 
In love with the weather so annoying how i have to work though 
I hate extreme hot weather. Only like around 18C not bloody 25C all day 
I'm boating all weekend, but not checking the weather report, failed to anticipate sun 
I am now going to go outside and enjoy the sunny weather. I played footbal this morning and lost 10-2 
the weather guy said it was supposed to be nice out , and its kinda cold and the sun is not really out 
hungover in portland  great weather though...
Seriously, does the hospital HAVE to amp up the A/C when the weather is a few degrees warmer?? I feel like an icicle 
The weather in napa is pretty gloomy right now 
Loving the sunny dry weather!! but it dose give me a headache 
Fukin hell this stupid weather caused a 3rd cancelation of a ping pong party this week! It is just not ment to be 
I am not feelin this cloudy L.A. weather! 
Not happy with cold weather out side 
I'm not liking this un-sunny weather for the weekend.  
I hate this weather-the sky is so bleak 
is loving this hot weather just doesnt want 2 go back 2 school in it  xx
the weather is soooo hot and I have to stay at home to study - not fair 
50 mile race with over 4000 ft of climbing, good course, great weather, bike trashed 
checking the weather forecastfor this week. NOTlooking so good. its either very hot or heavy downpour. 
huge storm starting. canada weather is messed. i miss barcelona, italy, spain, but mostly london. 
loving the weather but hating the sunburn 
@CaseyJackson09 I'm hating this warm weather  is it warm in wales?
Oh boyy, this weather wer having right now is kind of scaring me...i swear for a sec there was going to be a tornado. got very windy 
 the weather just did a 180 turn it's so gross outside .
Storm + dark clouds + sun = odd, shitty, strange weather. 
clouds...cold...   I dont like this weather an weekends!
It's pretty bad when you are freezing in 87 degree weather... I hate having fever 
looking like it's gonna be a cold wet ride tomorrow    Hopefully the weather is nicer for RLCT
looking like it's gonna be a cold wet ride tomorrow  Hopefully the weather is nicer for RLCT next weekend
suffering with a cold and a sunburn  but hey at lease the weather was beautiful today (minus the tornado warning!)
watching tv and feeling a little under the weather  making some tea too
grrrr.... out of food, but crappy weather outside 
This weather is making my sinuses really suck... 
My dog is acting weird. The weather is weird. I think an earthquake is coming 
i got a headache and weather is so hot, what a bad day 
@lucasd this weather makes me into a whiny bitch...also, i wish parades were still as cool as when i was a kid. 
 weather wasnt good,,  was noice anyways.
@justinmoorhouse bet you're shattered after such a hectic week. And you have got to sit on a train back in this hot weather  x
man its cold here! I love the idea of winter but not the weather! 
@petabridges glad you are having nice weather. Only 45F and rain here 
wonders if she should go to temple drive. TAMS. bad weather  http://plurk.com/p/xcrc9
@TraceyHewins nope its not.  nice to have decent weather tholol. ill risk the burn for the nice weather
wondering what to do with my day. I've got a cold and the weather is so nice outside  I'll make some more cakes, pauly can't get enough!
best weather ever! but got to do a drama essay 
@IllusivePro I'm working too! No one should have to in this weather 
So hungover and I hate the sunny weather 
@mandahoofs Ive been sleeping all week!!! its this shitty cold weather 
scrambled egggs burnt  love this sunny weather though
Too tired to get out of bed... But the curtains are drawn and I want to see what the weather is like 
need to stay FOCUSSED, the sunny weather is distracting me from my studies 
@chante4dannyxxx I got some science revision  Then I'm going to a bbq later. The weather better stay nice! x
firstly -  suzan should've won... secondly... i hate this bloody weather  *sigh*
I need to get out whilst the weather is nice, but someones phone is turned off! 
Oh gosh, great! It's raining! Thanks to the cold cold weather i'm sneezing, w/c technically means I have a cold 
@sarahdparker double jumper weather  .. right now its 5 degs outside... plus freezing wind cuz i live on the coast!
is so not amused by the weather here in vienna!! sun come baaaaack! 
i dislike the weatherman. he sucks 
weather is pretty bad..  hmmm..
just checked the weather forecast and i was right...raining by wednesday...just as well my ball got cancelled then... 
I dont think i could live in the land of oz, this london weather is too much for me 
it's hard to be all happy and hyper when it's raining outside  i really don't like the weather
@LisaBroad i think they all are struggling at the moment, don't think the weather is helping at all either 
back to work I guess.....I hate working inside when the weather is so nice outside 
I want to go enjoy the nice weather but I'll burn again 
absolutely cracking weather again, and I'm stuck in bed with food poisoning 
weather forecast for tomorrow does not indicate favourable conditions for concrete laying (cats may have to wait longer) 
@Fearnecotton hey fern its so unfair the weather is so nice and i'm stuck indoors doing drama coursework your keeping me going  love immi
Watching the pretty weather through the windows at work  I wanna play!!
@alankenny we are actually getting good weather here, so hah!!! It's' that horrible humid heat though so it's not actually that nice 
@siopa0 The weather sucks heree!  No sun 
it sure is hard being pregnant in this hot weather 
is not sky diving  stupid weather.
at home sunburned  but still loving the weather.... 
Has been at work in the sun all afternoon. As if we have exams in this weather  x
@EJaay yes we do ponder LOL and no I hate this weather it makes my cold worse and can't go outside 
Is sun burnt =/ Why does there always have to be a down side to the lovely weather 
I've been feeling really good just hanging out, the weather is nice. Wish things were better financally, I might need to move soon. 
loving the hot weather... really burnt though  think its worth it but lol
It's not as warm as it was earlier  doesnt feel like i will tan And the weather is supposed to be cloudy tomorrow
horrible weather  costa rica in two weeks!!!
The weekend goes so quickly, especially when the weather is lovely 
is trying to work, my head is killing me.  definitely feeling under the weather. 
@JessicaK1994 yep i totally agree  i really dont want to go back! with this nice weather anall
@subzero77 wooo, (: but tis true, weather is being bad 
@jshe  do wear more clothings or on the heater. weather that cold , no wonder your sch's having so many flu cases
Ugh.. why is the weather so ugly and dark right now  def a movie night..
just hating this weather...... nothing you can do about it.. 
How did it go from nice sunbaking weather to kill me now this weather is so depressing in a space of an hour 
i love this weather and tanning, but doing my project is really bringing me down 
crappy weather   at least the next 3 days are supposed to be sunny
Bad weather over here. It has been raining all day long 
I'm really not a cold weather person 
I have returned. I just had a short annoying nosebleed  All this hot #weather
@matthewfrancis yeah, brilliant weather all over, im back in shitty northern ireland now so imagine what that has been like 
The warm weather is bringing out teh spideh. 
@chi_twnzfinest Awww i miss grilling w/u guys! although we grill all yr here w/the weather! not the same though 
Looking forward to a few more sunny days before the weather forecast says it will change so  and    love the sun!!!!! hate the cold!!!
I am sick of the crappy weather i wish it was sunny 
I have a headache  stupid hot weather!
I love cold weather, it's numbing.  But sometimes, the thawing process can be more painful..   
Working 6 days in a row now. It's not fair!!  Especially with this weather..!!  x
Wish I could spend another day enjoying this weather rather than working 
decorating in this fine sunny weather! 
@southAussie I have English heritage and now english weather 
sore knees again tonite ... dang winter weather 
This weather is gorgous! . But my hayfever is killing me 
Is too hot...again (what is with this weather?!) and incredibly frustrated...arghhhh still 3 more days though 
@cuddlyalex your bound to miss him. I'm liking this weather! He had another rubbish sleep!  o.k now though!
I want to go and sit outside in the sun, NOT be looking for jobs - rubbish situation, fabulous weather. 
What an amazing weather! And I have to work all night! 
Fantastic weather outside and I'm feeling ill 
the weather is gorg todayy (#) ,, to bad im in skwl 
is in business. Why do we have exams when the weather is so nice? 
@JasonBradbury The weather was great....the only problem i had was that  i was indoors working and never went in-to the sun.. 
Feels ill, and therefore can't enjoy the nice weather!  had a good weekend, shame about how much i spent!
bloody weather... i'm fed up with rain and just can't get used to it. june is supposed to be warmer... 
I should be happy since it's my day off and the weather's awesome, but instead I'm being emo 
such nice weather and I have to study 
shouldn't be stuck indoors when the weather's this good 
omgosh, it's soo hot outside.. 29 degrees, i'm so not used to this hot weather :S i'm burning 
Doing summer cleaning and wishing weather was better!!! 
not looking forward to working in this weather, I'm quite warm sat where I am so I'm gonna be sweating at work 
I am really not enjoying the cold weather 
This weather is seriously putting a damper on my day 
home...under the weather   daytime TV is crapppp
@piilow i'm bored, too. and the weather sucks 
@JasonBradbury weather is great but not if u work in a school kitchen, then it sucks  lol
pissed off that I hav 2 travel in this HOT weather! 
...I hate race conditions 
bad weather ruined my morning 
I'm loving the weather!! but not the fact that I have to work through it 
stormy weather... experts say it has to be extremely violent weather to cause such a catastrophic loss... still no news... 
this cold weather is really geting olddd 
I really miss jogging in the morning esp the weather like this 
This summer weather is making me ill  I don't like it.
@averyholden you're having the worst weather luck  
@LuizaSedrim ok  It's very warm here now but the weather forecast said that at the end of the week it'll get cold and start raining 
smh at this weather 
is loving the weather &amp; really wishes she lived near a beach. Not much luck stuck in the Midlands... 
uggghhh this headache!!! why??? I've had one on and off the last few days  It's probably the weather...
hates this kind of weather. It feels like its a nice summer day..but there is that calm wind and dark skies that promise otherwise 
good afternnon world althought the weather is bad i hate the rainny season 
I am sad that beach day is ruined by lame weather 
This weather is nuts 
@lisakeane jealous! chicago weather is bipolar like every day 
is so frikken cold. . Not used 2 this jozi weather. . I want durbs and mis home 
san diego why must you have crappy weather... 
damn this rainy stormy weather doesn't let me do much work. where is the sun @ !!!! 
my throat hurrts   i have nice skirts haha but shopping in this weather should come with a health warning... hawt!
the weather is amazin an i'm stuck inside studyin 
Just kind of wondering when the weather is finally going to get nice!? It's june and I'm fully covered in clothing 
Anyone want my skin? It appears to like allergies this weather 
@anthoniaa I don't think so  And so help me god, what the hell is going on with the weather! Makes going to interactive even harder!
@RigilKentaurus I could go on about zombies, hhahaha but I won't  All this rainy weather makes me sleepy 
gloomy sf weather 
thinks there's way too much rain on the weather forecast 
Ugh. feeling a little bit under the weather 
Goodmorning! I hope I can make it through this day..I'm still not 100% better  this weather sucks
@divadol @kamy775 and the craptastic weather we been having these past few days  boooo!
Feeling increasingly under the weather. There goes my 4 month streak of not getting sick !! 
horrible weather is preventing a run 
I hate this freakin weather, delain w/ allergies again  and make me so tired easily and cranky 
is a bit under the weather 
 stuck outside form she isnot in yet to let me in :@ lol no real twitting for me right now  but the weather is nice again so yey : ...
this weather is crazy. where the sun gone 
Looks like last shorts day according to the weather forecast. 
is hating having to work indoors in this gorgeous weather 
going to find raymonds frikin records now in this weather 
and it's raining again!!!!....arrrghhh....this kind of weather really makes me bored and gloomy 
What's the deal with the weather? It's cold  It'd better get warmer later.
hate the weather 
the gloomy weather is making me sort out my m&amp;ms according to color and just eat all the blues. 
Really bad weather. So i don't think i'll sneak out during lunch for anything  might have to wait to do it on thurs.
The hot weather is killing us and the fur isn't really helping. It's really hard to be a teddy bear in this weather 
Loving the weather, now I only need to get my bad back sorted 
I love good weather,but want to sleep ... its too hot for me 
@paulcronin I'm NOT goin to complain about the weather, suppose to rain by weekend 
The weather is so good but I have to work on my laboratory file 
not fun having a cold in this beautiful weather! 
This weather is definitely NOT summer... 
@hardeepdeepdeep jealous! i have missed all the sunshine and the weather is turning horrible from thursday 
its a crime to be working in this weather 
Now at work. The weather is a bit dull and there is a haze on the water so not as nice as yesterday 
Apparently this weather is meant to change tomorrow 
some quick shuteye on the train, but now my mood is even worse. It's gottta be the weather 
where is the hot weather???? its june but it sure doesnt look like it 
It's cold and wet outside...not good geocaching weather 
paper... check.  finals... impending doom.   that and the weather is so sad.  not fun!
can't cope with this heat. i look fucking gross. its too hot. hate this weather 
Is loving this weather but no one is out 
This kinda of weather sucks, today there is a lot of fog and no waves so i can't go surfing 
@belladonna20 ha - I have just returned from work and am contemplating ironing - weather has turned - heat no more 
The crummy weather is not helping my mood 
hate working in this weather - it's hot and sweaty and there's flies everywhere - eww 
Its a goooood weather to slp in. how i wish i'm in bed 
is praying for good weather for the wedding...so far it's not looking good for the rehersal 
says what bad weather these days, it made me moody  http://plurk.com/p/y10wk
Is icing my shoulder and it's not fun in this weather. 
We're about to get some crazy weather.  
damn the weather! i wan to hit the pool too feel better 
weather in dundee meant to be back to normal scottish summer by the time i get back - cold and wet - team will freeze 
I'm not liking this stormy weather 
I've very hot....  The weather is quite warm too! haha xx
morning all , the weather not looking that good outside 
on my way to orchard. the weather is killing me! 
It's raining hard again.  The weather here is truly weird. #philippines
@e71fanatics ... But have you managed to get the weather-on-the-homescreen feature to work? I cannot on my European E71 
Where's the sun gone  it's cloudy!!! I've gotten to used to the nice weather to take it away from me!!!
@ewancrossan from the weather forecast, I think you may be out of luck unfortunately. 
@tempeste I'm looking forward to a long w/e as well. I hope the weather is better down there then up here for it! Over the cold and rain 
well couldnt get up this morning. no more amazing sunny weather either 
day off + air con being fixed at work = rain/colder weather 
aww what a change in weather 
@mattjohnsonuk and the weather is shite this weekend 
What horrible weather I suppose I'll have to spend the day in the garden 
this weather is interfering with my running schedule - damnit, now i HAVE to join the gym 
Where has the hot weather gone?!? 
The weather is slowly but surely making its way back to coldness 
WTF happened to the weather ya'll!!?? how can it drop from 25 to 14 degrees.. mann it looks like summer's ova b4 it even started! 
@iKurt im glad, all that hot weather was doing my head in, although the ladies will be going back inside 
bring back th sunshine  although it is perfect rent watching weather 
The weather right now is absolutely PERFECT, or would be with sun 
Typical isn't it, the first weekend that I'm probably going to have off and the weather changes its mind ... there goes the sun! 
but unfortunatly the weather has turned to shit after a week of sexy sunshine 
has some how managed to catch a cold..in this weather! boo 
The suns gone and so has the hot weather 
@RobinC720 I caught  the flu.  the weather around here sucks.
omg, it is getting colder and colder outside what is happening to our good weather ?  gutted..
In need of some motivation! Or is it just the post lunch dip?? The nice weather is not helping either... 
@SirJolt I like the sun you brat. It's all your fault, praying for bad weather 
@allen099 terrible! We had the windows open but there was no breeze. Just my luck to have the hot weather when the a/c breaks. 
Typical. As soon as my exams are over the weather gets crap and i get a freaking cold.. 
the worst weather in days 
@dmarsico compare them with the weather... you'll find there is about a 5 degree difference 
praying it doesn't rain the whole time we're on the ship &amp; on the islands like weather.com is saying it will 
@ericccccc uuhhhh you suck! why did the weather man mislead me 
woops...this wet/cold weather spoiled my weekend plan 
wants to be shopping right now.. or swimming in weather that's actually warm. 
isn't impressed that the weather is going to be pants this weekend 
when i finally got nothing to do, the weather is shit, and i can't go (sun)bathing. that is just unfair. 
@jobeus  Thanks!!  ... not looking forward to the forecasted weather 
it's raining and it sucks!  why does england weather change so fast 
@the_real_tball winter storm? wtfuck? I'm sorry 
@WoollyWormhead yep weather stinks here at the moment going to be heavy rain for the next couple of days also 
so gross out  where is the beautiful summer weather??
this weather outside is not to my likin at all 
Gonnna see england play rugby - in this cold weather - not looking forward to it 
i wish the weather was as nice as this fred falke grizzly bear remix 
About to organise a chinese, think we deserve it this week...been a good one so far, although weather looks like it's getting worse 
what a beautiful day!!  weather man said today will be june weather, sat and sun will be march weather.  
My mood matches the weather 
@josiebennett Hopefully the weather will have improved by the time you get here cos its all rainy at the mo 
Ugh... Such sucky weather for my dinner.  now we have to have it inside.  ~*~meg~*~
cant belive the weather!  where has the sunshine gone??!!
is home, but definately not dry, bloody weather! 
hates this weather 
Why do i have a strange feeling that my flight isn't going to be so smooth?  stupid bad weather!
is feeling a bit under the weather 
the weather is too cold for june 
another rainy day... I really wish the weather would clear up 
Wish the weather in england would cheer up 
Why does the weather get worse at the weekend 
god is playing some blowing now its a huge storm in brickell!!! ugly ass weather  im scared of the lighting!!
I hate this crappy weather  .. I want summer! .. Now! ..
I woke up early just to check the weather... still raining heavily for four consecutive days! I guess it's all of the climate change. 
Under the weather  bleh.
not good clubbin weather right now 
Hates this freezing cold! I want my hot weather back   
i dont like this weather one bit 
@nprasetyo whats up? hate this weather ... 
@sarahG well it rained here in central for a while so look like the forecast is true here   oh well  ...11th and im in sunny weather!
I'm sick.  I am not a big fan of cold weather 
Bad weather, going to stay offline till it gets better 
think i'm getting cold 'cause of this bad weather 
@scottsipling the weather's screwing my shit up too, can't go to the beach in this weather. 
is not feeling the gloomy weather 
fair oreyt night tnight.. besides the coldness. :| typical british weather. 
It's finally the weekend and it's crappy windy weather. 
@juliejordanscot sorry to hear you're under the weather 
@jonnieee awhh to bad  i hope you guys come here again soon. I wish it would't have been bad weather, and we could've come  sad, haha.
@bossjones Probably not much....w/ this poopy weather 
@KGotkin if you want to go, i can lend you my press pass for the night! bad weather is preventing me from making the treck up 
weather forecast for the next 5 days : rain 
weather iz so crappy here in philly 
is hating the weather, i miss the sunshine boo hoo 
@MsJ_J so depressing ....  this weather sux
Arts Fest weather was nice. But stomach was so upset took 5 trips to the porta potty...ew. 
i've proven terrible at keeping my plants alive in this hot weather  trying to revive them!
@GoozOfTheBronx haha it has bee postponed until next thursdayy  ... due to the inclimate weather  .. but pray everything goes well !!
ok i know I said i love this weather..but this is just too much 
@faffypants not yet  its really like 50 outside. But still thats not flip flop or tank top weather.
@arenadamian school.  i'm so not excited. i mean who's going to be excited with the kind of weather we have right now? it's so rainy. haha
@mynameisplup Aw boo  I might not be able to go either since i'm sick &amp; the weather isn't lookin too great either..
gah, not feeling good. i blame the weather 
the day where I already know what I'm going to wear, and it freakin rains. I don't own clothing suitable for wet weather. i miss you 
In pune for a few hours. How can the weather be so much better just 140kms away?! 
i hate the weather!!! it's raining at the moment 
Where did all the lovely weather go??? 
Wow this weather is seriously messin up my plans 
wats going on with this s**t weather, it was 27 degress this week now its pissing it down 
Wheres the lovely weather gone 
why has the weather turned like this  it has i cnt beleive it   sorry i made a typin  mistake
really need to get up and revise  &amp; how awful is the weather?!
I must have a slight whinge about the weather - I was going to wear a dress out this afternoon and everything  x
blah @ the weather 
aww  i want the warm weather back its was soo nice. i hope its not cold for drayton manor :S x i planned my outift like a month ago...
@nickybyrneoffic its crap weather in uk aswel so 
Is not happy wiv this weather 
Ahh a brand new day!! ..with shitty weather.. 
How Horrible is this weather! I want to go shoppping 
The weather realy sucks. It's already raining the whole morning and doesn't seem, that it would end 
going swimming with the family in a few minutes...because of the bad weather here we have to go to swim indoor 
wow crazy weather! in the eye of the storm... dog going mental lol not gd day for going into town 
soooo dusty the weather,,,god helps through the summer 
Whats happened to the nice weather? 
off 2 my aunts... the weather is terrible here  again...
on a way to a weddin in leicster  and the weather is SHITT  
I hate this weather  I hope it'll be better tomorroww,, and next week!
Last weekend I was sitting out in the garden with a beer getting a tan. Now it's pissing down and cold! bloody British weather 
it's raining  weather 2day really sucks... just cant stand it. it's so cold &amp; humid  lookin outside the window &amp; all i see -&gt; RAINDROPS!
@jeorgina weather is cold here in glasgow too  where is summer?
Thinks he will pop into town then make some brownies, shame about the weather though 
Is bummed about the rubbish weather on my day off  xxx
This weather is NOT helping bring people in. I was promised sun, damnit!! 
weather is crap 
wants to go golfing but doesnt like the weather outside 
@VintageGuy well that goes w/o saying and whats up with the weather one minute sunny now it looks like rain again 
hating the weather right now  SHITEY belfast
i keep replaying paramore-when it rains over and over....its suits the weather and my mood 
cannot beleve this weather!! it was freakin 24 degrees the other day and now its pissin down and frezzin! 
cant believe how the weather has gone bad now 
i hate that nasty weather 
Oh, and the weather SUCKS! I didn't want it to be 80, but I thought it would be high 60s, low 70s instead of 56, cold, windy &amp; some rain. 
@TheNewActivist I know I shoulda  I was working on stuff and the weather was no encouragment
It's raining outside.. not the best weather conditions for playing golf 
@XyummymummyX06 wonder if we will get our hot summer the so called weather forecasters predict 
I'm enjoying an alcohol free week, but not enjoying the depressing weather blahhh 
@TrennyMcflyFace aw cane sme here !!! i miss the hot weather  xxx
@xenon21 aww that's a shame, rotten weather 
abit windswept form walking dog, where did the lursh weather go? 
I've had a awesome day. but the sun is missing. I want better weather  http://tinyurl.com/lkoro8
wishes the sun would come out again!! good old british weather!!! 
how are you all doing?? I am so fine doing but the weather is bad 
Last weekend it felt like summer, now it just feels like shit! The weathers horrible; cold,windy,rainy.  I hope tomorrow is sunny!
Its raining where i am!!  hope the weather is better where you guys are!!
whats happened to the weather, arghh englands so crap 
has just finished his boring geography homework (y)  and he wants the weather to get better 
is hungry but in an hour the bbq starts due to the rainy weather we meet at friends cabin to ne inside 
stupid weather .. cold .. rainy .. where did the sun go? wanna go swimming 
late morning coffee on the porch listening to the birds chirp. good thing the weather's beautiful now that i'm leaving 
I am however freezing. It feels so cruel being back to winter hoodie weather after such heat! 
@MissJournalism Ugh this weather is putting me in a bad mood. I'm gonna watch movies online all day. 
@VickyJones1984 here in germany it's really bad weather too.  i'm tired all day long =/
this weather is absolutely horrible &amp; is startin 2 make me feel miserable!   x
such freakinn crappy weather! 
the weather is rubbish tdayy  hmmm.
Wakeboarding and waiting for the crappy weather ............ 
annoyed that the weather has gone tits up 
http://twitpic.com/6rbgf - Shitttttty weather in so.fla 
http://twitpic.com/6rbjx - Shitttttty weather in so.fla 
weather  looks like shittt 
no tv because of the weather 
The only day of the week with cold damp weather, they had to have the event in the park .. and I brought no jacket  #fb
@shandrophoto wow that sounds like a blast! The weather is miserable here 
typical irish weather is back 
&amp;EASYxTARGET sooo gross outside right now  not good summer weather lol
@bruiseseason the weather got so bad so quickly. i was so excited for sun this morning 
oh looks like the irish weather is back 
Getting my wet weather clothes ready for tomorrow 
really bored.. hate this weather!! where has the sun gone  xxx
The weather here is terrible. It's knocked my internet out 
Enjoying the weather and wondering if tomorrow will be a washout 
When the weather is horrible it puts me in a bad mood  i wish it was sunny all summer but no stupid irish weather!!
@historybooks i took a picture! as you can also see, the normal weather of belfast has returned 
This weather makes sad! I want a boyfriend 
@ReneeDeLuca be prepared for little other than weather reports 
Totally loving the sun and warmth.....to bad crappy weather is on its way tomorrow 
I'm freezing  if this weather switches up 1 more time...
Ugh my trip outside was not a good idea *sob* I just wanted some good weather too 
Ugh...bad weather coming in- internet being stupidly slow. 
This weather is giving me a sad feeling!  usually sun perks me up. But not this year :'( i keep tearing up!
@SoCalVixen good 2 hear! haha same here, very dull weather 
@COOLSEX hmm...  how's the weather there?
Whats up with all this stupid weather lately? 
The weather sucks this week 
@loveinga I'm hating on the beautiful weather lol its cool here now 
Why doesn't the weather obey my commands? 
still jetlagged... missed rock am ring due to shitty weather 
@StephanieDayle I give you A+ for the huge sunglasses, and am just guna safely give a huge F to the weather, I wore a winter coat today.. 
@zeeDOTi It's official. I'll be able to keep up with you for the next week! Yay! I won't be able to post pictures of the weather tho... 
@missmicheley the reds  but it was fun and I got a lil drunk..lol..great weather
doesn't want to go home back to stupid hot weather and a gay effing job.  wish me luck on these next 90 days, they're going to be intense.
@secondpower I'd do anything for 50 degree weather here! I'm very jealous. 
good morning everyone... the dull cloudy depressing weather of bangalore has begun! 
Last day in the sun  just seen the uk weather that awaits us, it looks dire
nasty weather 
@jezza_rokchik yeh SUPPOSED to be. england weather it always rainsss 
Home, such bad weather for middlesbrough music live 
But the weather looks baaaaaaad oh well I guess it'll have to be fun without the sun 
topsy turvy weather + clogged up system = bed + book = me-drawings x 2 weeks = 
damn this crappy weather! where's the sun gone 
dont you just love this fantastic weather 
might actually do some domestic stuff today as the weather is v cold and windy 
@allmadmoji I know crap weather 
It's raining  suckish English weather :@ grr!
wish i could just hop on a plane right now to somewhere sunny and hott! weather here is making me miserable 
i hate english weather ... its like monsoon weather outside my room 
@jessicawaters shame  the climate I guess
whats up with the weather 
@JessicaViberg I also feel fat  .. need to exercise ! If it gets warmer outside I could powerwalk or something ! but now it's bad weather!
@GemstoneUK I'm ok, just can't believe the weather  might put the heating on!! How's your weekend going?
back from my hol in spain.... weather was fab... back 2 cold winds and 13 degrees  had a brill time out 
@alisonlodge Just heard the weather forecast, we're getting rain too 
Where did all the nice weather go? 
@cyberpixie weather says london central heavy showers! It might be sunny now but if the ground is wet its no good for skating 
tonight is called off due to the weather...rubbish 
Why is that the weather is always nice when I have to stay inside? 
is eating special K with warm milk, how has the weather turned so bad 
hates the weather!!! its suppose to be summer !!  i miss the sun
the weather is shit  makin me feel dull
is not impressed with this crappy weather 
was meant to go shopping today, but didnt wanna go out in this weather  its so horrible &amp; rainy
Its sunny...but after 2 days of crappy weather in london...i have a cold 
@brmbds Not got F1 on here , may bung it on for a laugh! I'm good apart from the weather  ... @judrop1948 yeah another change! ;)
cant believe its meant to be summer.. the weather is terrible 
It's 9am and I can tell u that it is total beach weather right now! I wanna go! 
great beach weather.... too bad i have work at 11  
i'm sssoo cold. i want the summery weather to come back 
omgosh where has the hot sunny weather gone :0 its just cold and dull now! 
Still a but under the weather tho 
The weather sucks, it's gray and rainy outside 
this weather is mega depressing  i need something to cheer me up!
@PhilLadden The weather is okay, but the balloons didn't launch.  The wind was either heading straight up or south. They needed west!
@nixgeek I have all I need, I simply trusted the weather for some reaon  ah well - lesson learnt
hates this sh***y weather 
The weather is not cooperating with my wanting to go outside. It isn't even fifty degrees outside yet! 
I don't like the weather .. it's raining and ther's a thunderstorm .. 
@jesszlatos yeah but now its raining!!  gosh!!I hate this weather.
Misses the warm weather last week  Its cloudy again!
its horrible weather here in england  hope the sun comes out sometime soon. X
@1arner I just want it to be summer already  the weather atm doesn't really brighten my mood xx
My internet is being unfriendly... i think it's cos of the thunderous weather noooooooo  I like electricity!!!!!!
@nickybyrneoffic hope u r all ok.. weather been a washout here too..been flooded everywhere 
@Pinkmoosely did the weather hold off for you ? I just got the buggy out the garage, then straight back in as the heavens opened 
This weather is making me reallly lazy. I just want to curl up in bed all day, but I can't 
It's been raining all day, where did the good weather go? i want it back 
Why can't it be sunny out??  This weather is torture. 
Gahhh, why has the warm weather disapeard? I want it back! I cant handle 67 degrees, it's just to cold! 
man this weather sucks....sick of rain ...i want 100 degree weather   [25]
Is disapointed because the bad florida weather is hurricane-like and is probably going to ruin her get-together with kristjen 
I'm totally cheesed off,the weather blows and it's totally cramping my style 
uhhh horrible British weather 
Oh it's nice to have the day off!! (except I wish the weather wasn't all rainy) 
hot weather means less time outside 
bloody weather 
I wish I could climate control the weather.  
Another springtime migraine  i hate damp weather.
whats this weather all about. its cloudy and rainy... 
Where's hot summer weather?=.= we might not get it after all! I want a summ-er!! 
Sundays really suck when the weather is bad... 
http://twitpic.com/6v7x3 - really starting to hate the south florida weather  come onnnn what happened to the sunshine state!
with due respects, the weather of this place has been so severe over the weekend, it has disallowed outdoor activity of any kind 
Just checked the weather... It's suposed to rain all week! 
ohhh i miss the hot weather in turks and caicos 
Prince tj is a little under the weather.  blame it on the mall parks 
Hopefully no more severe weather tomorrow. These tornado sirens make me nervous 
I hate the weather like this. It's warm but misty as hell and it's supposed to pour later 
enjoy the long weekend, and the good weather 
The atmosphere was fantastic, the weather wasn't...  We had fun nonetheless! ;) I love my band!!!
its sunny afternoon here in my place..really hot weather  ...
@Vicksson It doesn't seem like there's a limit... seriously, it's been raining the entire weekend! I'm sick of this weather... 
is really over this depressing weather 
just woke up, my hayfever sucks  and the weather doesnt seem to good, BGT tonight x
Having a horrible horrible nightmarish day,and suspect it's about to get so much worse  good weather for it tho!!
http://twitpic.com/7gdq7   the best weather for sports...gosh...elli fell at the 100m run...now i can run the 1000 alone... im happy... 
After a great and sunny weekend, i am back to work and it is (of course) really nasty weather outside 
enjoying my first day of holiday! too bad the weather is crap 
Wish it were the weekend already, with this cold weather, I could curl up in bed with a stack of vids. 2 bad I got work tomorrow 
my tummy hurts so bad    and i kinda like the weather ... almost 100 % summer
@mcflymusic send some nice weather to finland too! 
brilliant weather.. why am i working? 
@MAIKEL349 wth u2? The weather here suxx 
Rofl, bloody weather knocked my internet off  #squarespace
the weather seems to be nice everywhere but here  typical
It's raining all day. I hate the weather here in germany 
Not ready to be out in 100 degree weather  weekend went by wayyyy to quick
I'm so fucking ill! Why now when there's such a fantastic weather outside?? 
@FletchMcGull tis the change in weather 
2 powercuts in 5 minutes  I hate bad weather!!
wow, so tired.. i don't think i'm adjusting to the warm weather very well at all 
Ah the weather is too retardedly hot to be out haha so glad i am in my home, wasn't nice not being able to chat freely to my honey 
just realized how much I miss pumpkin spice kisses....and the fall weather. 
omg !!! its absoulutley hammerin down with rain  not impressed with great british weather uurrrggghhhhhhhh xx
it's finally sunny in new york and i'm working  hopefully this nice weather sticks around for more than 2.5!
wow the weather outside is breathtaking...yes breathtaking. i'm actually having a hard time breathing right now, darn allergies 
No internet  weather has messed it up! Its is pelting it down  x
the weather is really rubbish, and im veryy boredd 
seriously this is ridiculous....whats up with this gross weather...i want to lay out 
hating this poo weather 
The weather report for chills and rain was so wrong this morning, I'm inappropriately shrouded in a black sweater on this sunny day 
is not enjoying this hot, sticky weather 
off to work in a works top which material is very bad for this warm weather 
@ddlovato @jonasbrothers @m_callahan what do you think of the weather tonight in london?? Haha its awful ..I'm in the car 
 chucking it down of rain .. wah happened to our nice weather  !!!
i reallly want some warm weather so i can go swimming 
are we expecting any rains in mumbai this year? looking at weather.. i think monsoons bypassing mumbai 
doesn't bad weather really depress your mood   It's pouring with rain (N)
getting some writing done then headed for a run...hopefully...this weather is giving me a slight headache 
dammn weather, put the cricket back on. 
the gloomy weather made me sleepy but I have a lot to clean 
So still feeling under the weather... I think I have a migraine episode coming on... and I'm closing... ugh 
@lbrooke24 well they just called last night. But cause of weather it was cancelled, and now back on! But i can't make it anymore 
terrible weather in our area 
I forgot what it feels like to throw on some kicks! Unfortunatly the weather is what's forcing me to have to remember 
@DanaDigital @odderie this is the weather that makes my apt leak  #nycapartments
hates this hot weather!  Especially when I can't swim 
the weather is not looking good for rodeo practice tonight 
@neeenurs ew, is the weather gunna stay cold? 
@lariece we will i called mom and she is checkin the weather for us so if anythin we will just sit and wait it out 
Global warming is killing cali weather 
Expecting bad weather tonight 
The weather was so nice! And now its cloudy and yucky again  sads
Things like having to change my default zip code on weather.com are going to get to me 
Wtf? This is some stupid ass weather for june... 
doesnt like the cold weather or the cooks river 
@MyStyleAUS ... annoyed i am not enjoying the sunny weather in perth 
Oh this move feels like it's taking a year to complete. The lovely 100 degree weather doesn't help either. 
feeling sicc  ughh dis weather is killing me smh!
Is freaking out over the tornado like weather, flickering power, high winds and no one to hold me and comfort me 
@kellie387 gross i hate that kind of weather it usually gets like that in july an august here 
@kaitoukage ha agreed!! I absolutely hate thunderstorms/tornadoes/bad weather! I cannot comprehend why people like them! too scary for me 
Is sick of this stormy weather 
@mariemon @gracetorralba it's cut class &amp; sleep weather. it's so hard to concentrate &amp; be productive in this weather 
i'm sick..fault of sudden change of weather..sunny then it'll rain.. 
the weather sucks  my haedache too ...
this summer isn't off to a great start... the weather has pretty much sucked so far and now my cat is missing..prolly won't see him again 
the weather outside is so deceiving. it's cool and breezy, but i come back and i'm drenched in perspiration. 
argh my fingers are numb  stupid weather
@HamzaZafar nop yar weather is quite hot 
needs to start working out.. But the cold winter weather/rain is no inspiration 
my twitter is going through bad weather as well.. 
hating on winter. brrr. 
I'm  feeling  bad, don't know why, maybe because of the weather or because I'm bored to death... 
townnnn today. Why can't we have English weather, I like rain and the cold.  hot and sunny=badd.
@ASilverDream @Kaydeescrafts and the current economic climate is probably causing more of it to happen as well 
the weather has eaten away my evening walk 
i hate hot weather  its like hell 
urgh, i hate having to go to work when the weather is hot and sunny 
Loving the British weather, despite the fact someones not following me anymore  so lonely old becks again!!
When is it going to be summer I not feeling this cold weather 
I wish that I was walking downstairs with @samirosen and checking the weather right now 
Missing mahabaleshwar weather..its hot n humid back home 
i hate this shitty hot weather 
so, i finally have a day off &amp; the weather is not beautiful like it's supposed to be! 
it is so cold outside. what is up with this weather it is the middle of june, come on. 
@LilKatD im fine..except for t weather...scorchin heat 
Hates this weather, i have bad hayfever 
really wants to go on a bike ride with this mild, overcast weather, but work it is 
is that the sun out? nooo, go away. I liked the june gloom weather 
off for home - raining weather in #graz 
waiting for the weather to turn nicer ... sick of the rain 
@LivelyForce the weather isn't looking too good for us, I believe it's going to be a lot of wet hiking, biking and kayaking 
It's rainin outside... I want the typical summer weather!!! 
@TravisLegge hot+a bit windy greek weather = set forest-fires time...  every single summer.what's left to burn anyway ?!?!?!
I'm tellin you.. This weather man... 
omg, its not just a little thunderstorm the weather is really bad right now! its so dark &amp; windy 
No sun and rainy outside. No playing horseshoes today  I think my mood changes with the weather...
ok, almost ready.  have to repack.  checked the weather and storm clouds on the horizon  
Going to run around in florida's 100 degree weather for volleyballll 
This is the worst summer weather ever 
whyyy is there no cali summer weather these daays?! 
andy avalos!! this morning you said 'we would see more dry than wet weather.' i trusted you. and now im soaked.  
I guess having bad weather that forces everyone into the 2nd floor is going to be a yearly tradition! So much for softball! 
95 degree weather +driving n car wit no a/c = 
All of kim's nerdy weather alarms are going off and she isn't home to turn them off 
the weather put out my cable!! im missing everything!! 
nicw weather gone, here comes the rain again, falling on my head like a memory........................ 
@LOLatdanger  wish i went to potown and played in the nice weather with you girrrl
Looks like a weather scrub is in the offing for the shuttle 
@MandaBown oh yes, its crumpet weather here for sure!  Its cold and wet... 
I hope the weather is nice tommorow but I don't think its supposed to be 
is pissed wit the weather.  http://plurk.com/p/11husv
ewww. delaware weather = bipolar. 
The weather is really hot here, and I gotta go out in the sun.......... 
the floopy weather is affecting my thesis mojo. i need a frapp! 
i don't even want to check weather.com anymore... too depressing 
feelin under the weather 
how is it cold in the middle of june? i miss american weather 
getting some writing done then headed for a run...hopefully...this weather is giving me a slight headache 
wow, the weather can change so much in so little time, 
 the weather v hot tdy. It's killing me - http://tweet.sg
Is waiting for the summer weather to come back  i want my jandals back on
@katecameron2002 oh no, hope the weather sorts itself out and dries out the clothes, looks like the rain is on the way here too 
FREEEZIINGG ::pulls covers up:: wats good with this weather!! 
Why is the weather always so nice when exams are coming up... 
And even though the weather thing on my phone says it's 59 degrees, I think it LIES. I'm kicking off my covers. It's stuffy and hot. 
@tommcfly can I have some of your nice weather? It's raining here 
still isn't a fan of the muggy weather. 
@frak *hugs* Feeling a little under the weather? 
The weather's making me sick. 
i've decided, skin conditions only exist to inconvenience ppl during the nice weather. They serve no purpose but to inflict misery 
@TheDingle lol.. depends on the weather.. its raining now...    might have to leave it till 2mrw.. what u up to 2dy?
Man this weather sucks big time 
working, working, working and ouside is the weather so great 
@michaelalacey hello, our weather sucks big time 
http://yfrog.com/0fwrgtj shit weather 
off to canada's wonderland..in this crappy weather 
hates england when the weather is like this 
I'm sooo bloody cold! The weather is soo miserable 
finished the junior and the weather is shit  
needs to go shopping for more clothes! damn this odd weather 
Horrible weather. Just my fucking luck there would be no buses 
got soaked to the bone in this horrid weather 
hateing weather weres the sun gone  stupid internet kepps breaking
babysitting in bad weather = not as much fun 
what's the weather like for you right now? the sky has just turned black and it's the grim-est i've ever seen this city 
@KevinAlambra the weather's inclement again.  it ruins my day. LOL. bout yeah?
@karljb74 depending on quota and weather he can often be away for 10 days, home for 3 then away again! never really know tho 
grim weather  work, maybe gym, sleeeeeeeeeeeeep
@punquin the weather's fitting my mood, unfortunately 
@qtowntravis  i agree.. we just turned air condition on ... and I am too scared to step outside.. I am not big on humidity 
Totally jinxed the weather. . .sorry 
Shit weather continues 
its one horrible day heere  rainy windy &amp;&amp; cold      soo not the weather for junee 
sick of monsoon weather 
Wish the weather would stay fine 
is up and out....this gloomy weather is making me lazy 
i'd like to go out and enjoy the great weather but i'm so alone and there's nothing to do here 
@danwood_uk  at least you got some nice weather its chucked it down all day here 
With @koolkarni at the leaders meeting. The weather sucks 
home the weather is not so nice out right now.......dang rain 
Off to harrogate to pick up horsebox pouring down again bleurgh weather 
@triniteddybear  i know right....stupid weather in T.O i tell u...so sick of this shit!
already checking the weekend weather and it looks questionnable.  
@plingi http://twitpic.com/7n923 - I say we've had a change in weather 
Wow so the nice weather didn't last long at all. It's rainy and gloomy outside now. 
Today's weather is poop and there's nothing to do. 
feeling a bit under the weather 
I hate hot weather. I liked the wet gloomy weatherrr 
im on the computer and texting at the same time. while i hear the weather say there is a tornado somewhere north of me. 
http://twitpic.com/7o44m - missing sunny weather 
Looks like the severe weather has passed to the south for now. Another round headed for us in 2 to 3 hours  - http://bkite.com/08C6X
@_colorbandit Its hell! Haha! I still haven't gotten used to it.  Especially with the weather!
i baking in the tanning bed...the weather sucks outside 
this crappy weather is bringing me down 
What is up with the forecast for the weekend - blah, blah and blah.  I hope the weather man is wrong.
weather is very bad, storms, tornadoes, floods, horrible stuff 
Missing out  cause I'm feeling under the weather and I'm broke. The dash family are out at havanas. Have fun guys.
this weather needs to get better, I wanna wear my shorts! 
Holy moly! This weather is crazy nuts!!! 
the bad weather must have messed up the tower.  #trackle #squarespace
arrived in bangalore...ennjoying the weather out here...still missing home 
This weather does not look promising for a long weekend down the south coast 
@tasteful @hyfwangsta triple digit weather in austin as well  it's not even summer yet!
I'm not looking forward to being in this weather tonight 
@gabrielleexoo agreed but just watched the weather and basically rain 'til forever 
Not digging this southern weather 
whyyy am i so tired  perth weather rules!
@TeeRibbzz awww poor baby...I know this weather sucks!!! 
whats happening with the weather ,typical british summer. its raining again 
Just went up, the weather sux! 
I hate waiting for the metrobus in rainy weather like this.  
just got up nd feelin very tired... the weather is not cooperating w/ me  i waz goin 2 wear flip-flops 2day but cant now w/ a rainstorm 
damm weather 
@f_grace this weather soooo suckss 
 I'm feeling under the weather 2 day 
is feeling a bit under the weather 
@maryk3lly the weather looks bad  http://twitpic.com/7pc3q
@chriscuzzy awww you lucky thing here i am stuck in england with the not very sunny weather  wubu2?
Another rainy day looks like a wet ride 
im watching golfon the weather channel . i dont care about stupid golf . 
is bored of the bad weather and hates having the cold 
@downbytheseaxXx think its the weather hun I'm always tired at the month  x
hates this kind of weather 
I think the rainy weather has sapped the will to live from me and more than one coworker today... 
@RyanSeacrest not with this rainy jersey weather 
@maybeads could our summer weather get any worse?????  I think not   ...  I want to tan!!!
wow this june has really been sucking weather wise. 
thinks this weather needs to inprove !  xx
Working like a dog and not enjoying this crummy weather 
@cutesyme same story here with the weather its annoying to say the least 
Tweeps I'm not feeling this weather at alll. It depressing 
ahh its raining  I want the summer weather!!
@iamMishal hahahaa merccccci sadly the sunny weather is gone now &amp; it's raining 
@JuicyRican702 lol scratch that, I didnt know I was looking at the weather in canada. its going to be gross out here this weekend sorry! 
sick of rainy weather  
I think I will cry for days strait, not feeling good emotionally and this weather is not helping.  What should I do to cheer up?
- a bit depressed after checking the local weather forecast - 9 out of the next 10 days are forecasted to be rainy. The tenth is cloudy. 
it is deffinetly not summer weather...i hate this cold and rainy weather in new york 
The weather is blowing mines right now and I'm in traffic 
http://twitpic.com/7ppqw - The crappy weather that I woke up to this morning. 
@iriegyal yes this weather is definitely depressing 
Fuqn rain  (y iz the weather so garbage &amp; its summer??)
Wondering what the weather is going to do... we have a work event scheduled tonight. Outdoors.  
 havin a bad hair day ; an the weather is not helpin my mood at all !! ..
is really sick of this weather - the pressure fronts are giving me headaches 
Nasty weather this week 
this weather is so crappy it's draining my energy and making me sooooo sleepyyy  .....
@djagile. I feel you.  I am having a very bad hair day due to this nasty rainy weather.  
rain and clouds go away, sunshine, where are you? please come back!  in terms of weather, shitty summer so far.
The weather channel app on my phone makes me even more depressed seeing next week and how the weather is not going to get any better 
slowly losing my tan due to the gross weather 
i hatee this weather.. it doesnt feel like summer at all. 
@ddlovato when does it premier on family channel? i hope your enjoying yourself in toronto, if your still here! its crappy weather though 
global warming = shitty weather for the rest of our lives 
just checked weather...  i hope it holds off raining until I'm off that horse
@djsoulless lol .. my day has been ok but the weather is so damn bad 
I guess you no longer have to travel to experience monsoon season. Today's D.C. weather = 
The weather picture for tomorrow on my toolbar shows a thermometer on fire. That can't be good. 
@MyInnerJuCJuice  Still crappy weather babes?  You have barely talked with me.......  
where is our summer time it's near the end of june and its cold and wet and i have my heating on the great scottish weather 
Bad weather in baltimore  our fight's delayed.
I love a good thunderstorm, but severe weather and I are not on speaking terms.  Wish my baby boy was with me. 
Hates feeling under the weather 
this weather needs to stop. i am going to scream if it rains one more day! 
Wondering what the weather is going to do... we have a work event scheduled tonight. Outdoors. 
This weather is horrible! And looking at the 10 day forecast, it's rain down the line.  I need my sunshine!!
Since the weather is still not cooperating... I will soon be off to change my brakes instead of seeing my baby!!   
Under the weather with an infected tonsil   bummer.
wishing i was back in mallorca...hate british weather  
its so hot in tx, but heard phillys even worse  why is the weather so f'ed up
Of course I wait til the hot weather returns to do laundry (and fold it straight from the dryer)  
i want the gloomy weather back. it's too hot 
Is loving the stormy weather and can't believe that the wilsons are moving away   
@MrKhaotik LOL cuz I didn't knooooo  This sux... I need some warm weather
this weather is a major bummer...wheres the sun?!?  i need some vitamin D
.... where is the warm weather 
@brandizzle  i am ready for summer just not the weather that comes w/ it D:
@TheBrite1 yes it is u dont see this weather..lml my my sheets are cold 
@JasonRafael datz almost da same weather 4 my berfday 
I'm not liking the weather mother nature's giving us. 
off to school.  bad weather outside. And I haven't got a jacket T_T
Dammit it hate the hot weather! Deprives me of my ride home 
According to the weather network, my bikini + tan hopes have been dashed. It's supposed to rain all weekend. 
seattle weather i just don't get you 
@yliesan sameeeeee  maybe cuz the weather's really hot
i am sad its bad weather in germany 
 i hate the cold weather.
I am now wide awake thanks to this weather and an insanely bad dream. 
@julesey1  could be better weather here also. And much warmer! Thanksfor the ff
The weather looks like autumn. But it's summer! Havy rain in my city 
Doesn't feel like summer with this horrible weather 
Working in my office all by myself  at least it's warm inside!  What happened to our summer weather??
weather's sow bad...  but it's a funny day xD
missing the melbourne weather. the person i sat next to in the mrt had B.O.  shmelly.
is so depressed.. the lovely weather is gone...   I should have been born in a warm country....
this weather's depressing....lots of strong thunderstorms moving into the area...not much chance for outdoor shooting today  
My ankle is hurting! Again! It always happens when the weather is too hot...I don't know what to do to avoid it... 
Looks like we are in for some weather... 
http://twitpic.com/7siww - Not the best softball weather 
what a horrible weather for the weekend.. 
this sucks, it looks hot outside but its freezing. i hate british weather 
Going to a wedding and the weather is looking... A bit grey 
@sshilpa bang d weather's amazin!not too hot not too cold! I heard bout d weather in delhi!temp soarin everyday!sad stuff 
waterfront lifeguard training is frustrating when you can't go in the water because of the weather 
iky weather for any downtown ventures 
When will the summer weather come? I'm starting to get sick of all this rain 
i hate when violent weather wakes me up 
mediterranean tan is fading  come onnnn weather
I thought it was supposed to be summer?! This weather is crap 
The weather is getting worse every minute.. brrrr, it's getting colder 
weather is bad, 1h on the spinning bike 
i hate this kind of weather; no sun and too hot from the humidity 
this weather is horrible  bad thunderstorms and a tornado watch.. ScArY
@NewYorkology mermaid parade!! Too bad the weather is crappy 
well...looks like I'll be stuck in the basement all day - bad weather 
I spent the night waking up every two hours or so because the weather radio was going off telling me of the storms that I missed... 
i am loving the weather right now. rainy and fall like. man i miss the fall and winter  #squarespace
@SamSterSaPixxie sammmmy I miss u  lol.. The weather looking right ;)
i hate hate hate this weather 
The gloomy weather is definitely making it harder to actually get up and get ready for work. 
&quot;severe weather outbreak in the midwest,&quot; says weather channel. 
I wish the weather would just stop being rainy and let us play with hot air balloons 
had an horrible day   this weather duznt help either lol x
stormy weather... sucks makes me depressed 
I really hope the weather isn't like this all weekend 
TGIF!!!! the weather is not looking too good..the option of biking the seawall tomorrow is out 
awww, the weather outside is so nice... I wish I had a good laptop akku, so I could sit in the park now 
@boxcarriot no  I forgot, cuz I fell ill, I'm still a little under the weather...
ready to go home soon. Not looking forward to work in the garden center  tomorrow with the 100F weather outside. 
2 days off of miserable weather... getting ready and back to work i go 
the weather is so bad! it doesnt feel like summer 
from jetting, to just on the road. the weather and flu ain't helping. 
At home under the blankets...under the weather  
at work feeling a little emo. I think the weather is getting to my head lol it's too hot 
god damn it! This weather is making it impossible for me to get my natural tan on. I wish I could fake and bake right now 
Not liking the cloudy weather 
I am loving this weather!! Makes me miss the south 
Hates the weather 
I always turn into a nervous wreck when we end up under a severe weather warning. 
dead weather tickets are sold out  probably this is not surprising.
well the weekend is here and it is yet again pissing down outside !!! so the best weather for snuggling !!!!    
@davebost more weather heading your way-  
.. bah.. this computer is soooo slow.. I think I'm going to bed.. and I think the hot weather is not helping (maybe is worsing this!) 
this weather is scaring me .. and my dog 
stupid weather and ruining awesome plans 
The weather is getting worse instead of better... It's currently pouring 
@eczemasupport I'm trying to work out what is causing it, I think it's just the weather...either way I am blotchy and gross and so itchy! 
My nap sucked. I wish my house was just cold right now. It feels all warm and gross..  I only hate hot weather when it effects you house
#dontyouhate chicago's weather . ugh its pouring down rite now 
ok this weather is now getting ridiculous..one more day of rain and I swear..I'll...er..well..not be happy 
@octocord We sooooo wish the weather was kinder.  
@zebrafish_ http://twitpic.com/7uu03 - yaayyy, I want that weather. 
@seanmacdo not sure, i work til 4:30, so it all depends on weather, and whether or not y'all are still there when I'm done. me so sad 
The weather is starting to turn. I might have to hide under my scooter cover tonight 
@JimCastilloKOMO I give the weather a  for the gloomy part, but a  for a break from the heat.
@etsystalker THANKS! i have a few more designs i have to put up, but the weather has been terrible, so no good light for pics 
hope everyone is having a good friday..still under the weather here 
chinese takeout for dinner since the weather ruined my outdoor festival plans. 
is so so hott. im done with this weather 
@wilsonfkp ya...the world is now full of bad weather and my place here is full of haze 
@in_heaven lucky u the weather sucks over here 
bad weather no more days at the sea 
weather what are you doing to my day 
A weekend full of events. But the weather is bad... 
The weather is soooo bad, I think we might lose our power 
morning all, rubbish weather on the coast - nuff said 
weather looks crap, so won't be going anywhere  revision to do :@
I hate the weather!!!!! It's sooooooooo cold and raining (end of june - crazy!) 
just got back from rayleigh and reading bliss, the weather is depressing 
@vishal_ud frankly id love to switch..  its dull and gloomy and cold out here..  my least favorite climate 
Studying biology, boring and it such a good weather outside 
I sit straight for my computer and look at me the weather is gray on! that makes me sad!    x milez_fan
The weather is now down pouring on my roller coaster day  who hates me? &lt;3 mandyyy
too bad the weather is the only thing after my son i look forward to  once you loose it there's no going back
I need a weather machine 'cause it's raining 
i hate the weather in md all it does is rain... i miss tx 
i hate the weather in md all it does is rain... i miss tx  http://tinyurl.com/lpfmjk
FINALLY some nice weather...and the bike's in the shop 
poxy weather..... rain!!! I wanna go in my pool 
@lilyroseallen you're i n belgium??? yeahhhh we love you here!!! enjoy it! with the fabulous weather!  LOL
@dmvsoul im straight. in this nasty weather 
Really really weird weather   http://twitpic.com/7wjc6
is not too keen on the weather this morning 
I'm off go bed tweeps! This weather is crazy 
@ddlovato connecticut is great and all except for the crappy weather we've been having. get ready for the rain 
@kellysakai - We'll see how nap &amp; weather go, but not looking good for us to make it to the bbq. You wouldn't want us 
ugh...i'm way under the weather 
i got a cold  vancouver weather changed so fast. was so used to the sun and heat..
I'd love to wear those beutiful white espadrilles tonight, but I guess the weather will be much too cold. 
ewww such gross weather out 
everyone should stop complaining about this weather its better then it being super hot 
I think i'm going to watch a film now, crappy weather here 
stupid weather ruined my plans 
ok wait...i feel like i'm getting jipped out of summer  where's the sunny weather gone?
Everyone have a great weekend! I'm going to enjoy the sun! I'm going to miss the 80-90 degree weather when I move soon 
I'm so listless...maybe the weather is a reason...or what? :-S ahh...i don't know... 
@kbottner how's the weather there? its pouring here! 
@r0xii: Doesn't sound like a gud weather day. It's like that here 2 - windy, cool &amp; black ominous clouds - yuk  
Watching made with @jessicavanbruss and chris! I want sunshine  this weather is depressing!
Today's location shoot was canceled because of the weather 
I'm jealous of the hot southern weather... It's 70 and cloudy here 
a gloomy saturday  this is the type of weather u need 2 b in ur crib sleeping or pipin lol lmaoo!!
Ah, another crappy weather day. Where the hell is the sun?? 9 more days of rain 
@TheLeviNation I wish I could send some of these temps your way. I do not like 95 degree weather. 
how much I slept?This american life tire me a lot...warm and humid weather and debian sid is crashing too much... 
@samxnatexdeb aww  i know it doesn't help either that this weather is stupid! we must go to bc soon to take your stress away!!
im hungry  and tired, i think its this weather hahaa..
I hate this blue line construction bs on the weekends. I hate buses  AND I hate 88 degree weather, gross.
@FRYLOCK508  I say Its the weather. I can't imagine smokin in the cold wet rain is as enjoyable as sitting by your grill on a nice day.
I need the sun to come out. This weather depresses me 
where is the summer weather? 
the weather made all those cute tourists from the last weekend disappear  and so i ended up thinking about B.'s cock and how it'd taste
The weather is pooey  but its all good we are at santa monica pier with kiis radio yeayuh
@doodledawne Its was ok thanks but the weather was so muggy all day. Always gives me headache. I want my heatwave 
the weather has been crappy for the past few days - peacelovektu: Where do you live? pennsylvania  youu?... http://tumblr.com/xdx23puqx
Hates this weather 
why does the weather have to be so horrible? Lol..otherwise id go somewhre 
super sleepy!! what's up with this cloudy weather 
@brooklynblack just blah...this weather and im annoyed.  fix me boo.
@GrfxGuru weather has been great here for a few week of 80s thought we broke the climate. But now things r back 2 hot 
@CityHaze coolin now watchin a movie...this weather got me sleepy.  u?
@OfficialVernonK fancy a swim on the tenth?? Shockin weather 
is less fond of hot weather in obion county opposed to oceanside in florida. 
BUMMED!!! Why did the weather turn 
this weather sucks  I want summer damn it!
family out, home alone. grr, i hate doing h/w with good weather! yesterday it was ok coz the weather was shitty, but now its all sunny!  x
tel aviv @ the airport - freezing -&gt; outside at least 25 degrees  hope weather in swiss is better then what i've heared.
I'm so god damned sore, and the weather is SO shitty 
this rain/weather is so shitty ! i want it to feel like summer 
vacation is almost over!! no more beach or fl weather 
@alexmason haha sweett. ik this weather is horrrible 
Seriously, who has the bright idea of having an afternoon wedding in 102 degree weather? I do not think I have ever been so hot 
@yankeegirl51680 aw that sucks!  I hate when the weather just ruins all your plans
Long day.....and the weather is still the worst 
I'm feeling under the weather... I found out I have a fever 
getting ready to go out to eat w/ immi&amp;peter . the weather kills it though 
@KiaChenelle it was a great night. now i need some rest. it is raining and chilly. i just want to say that i am over this weather. 
So thanks to the dodgy weather all day I'm going to have to go to the laundromat and use their dryers, work clothes will never dry now 
off to golf....just a friendly this morning....looks like perfect midge weather tho 
The weather's nice. But aint good for picnics. 
Whats happened to the weather 
http://twitpic.com/7zubz - the weather when i woke up this morning (4 houres ago). now there are just clouds 
Studying trade mark law when such good weather is a pity.. 
up early again to go to church with the family....and i am missing warm weather 
german weather not good again 
The weather is so glum. ho hum 
Going to nap for a bit this morning then off to hatfield farms... Why does the weather have to be so bad 
this weather sux 
Lol i think i jynxed the weather, the suns f*cked right off! And it now looks set to rain. What else is new? 
@aliciavr6 we postponed it to next sunday if the weather cooperates. I miss the boat 
*countryBoy is so sad because of the grey weather  and the next week will be also so rainy  AWW :@
@sgirl18 That sucks. It's nice here...for now but the weather's been changing a lot lately 
Ugh, feeling a bit kakkie this afternoon. I think the dreary weather has rubbed off on me. 
I am a huge idiot, I totally JUST noticed I have a weather widget that I completely never look at 
Long weekend with really bad weather 
tired of headaches and bad weather ...  
the weather sucks out 
sore tummy  guff weather .......suckky day suckey indeeed !
The weather is major hot.. even at night by the beach 
crappy weather the pool has been open for a while but i haven't been able to go swimming because the weather had been cold 
I will kill myself if summer weather doesn't come soon.  All of this rain is depressing me.
is sad that the weather for the week is now rain 
ok so i h8 va and its weather! It was jus so nice now it looks lyke a storm is cumn. 
The weather is too hot to be doing anything 
I am sick of all this rain, and there is only more coming, how come once summer starts the crappy weather comes 
hanging out around the house.... wishing the weather was nicer 
big suprise its rainin again  english weather it never disappoints 
@pjraval They searched my person, too. One grabbed my stomach under my sweater. That's what I get for wearing a sweater in snowy weather. 
pissed. wanted to watch the dead weather play live over the net at 9 pm, signed up for an email reminder. never got it. missed it 
mowing the lawn in this weather sucks 
Long, thick hair + hot, humid weather = 
@acosmos I now have great hatred of The weather channel. And you lose points for brining that to my attention 
doing art  tried to ride earlier but got rained on... stupid weather 
Just woke up from the best nap ever...its the weather 
oh what a day! went for a nice swim feels nice with this 92 degree weather! I hate hot humid weather! 
Home again hate this weather though it's awful tbh 
It's annoyingly good weather outside. It taunts me as I stare through the window 
Wishes she was better equipped to cope with nice weather! Hates feeling headachey and sick 
Such tanning weather out there ... 
i cant believe i have sooo much work to do when the weather is so nice, i want to be frollicing in the sun 
wtf cold shitty weather 
would like the weather to improve........after all it is summer 
@scott_mills yesss, the weather isn't exactly the best 
In my room resting my leg (I always miss the good weather)  
Why does the weather in rhode island suck? 
running errands and doing schoolwork. gross, just like the weather outside 
this gorgeous weather reminds me of california. seven more years. 
Wishing it was winter again! Not looking forward to 100+ degree weather this week 
home bound' w. a cold =x who gets sick in the summer? smh. Its this stupid rainy weather 
I'm ready for nicer weather.  All this rain is really getting to me. 
@thetiniestspark  I want warm weather!!!! :'(
cheese does not last very long in this weather 
hates this hot weather! I wish it would go away!!! 
bad weather is back, going offline for awhile 
full... from poboys... staying out of this 100 degree weather. i wish the pool was clean 
I wish I could tan outside in 90 degree weather! I'm whiter then an egg. 
Yogging to clear m'mind- strange that it got fuzzy as soon as the weather cleared. 
Home from the doctors...the weather is hooorrriibblle 
going to juice it up, then polo. blah! currently 98 degrees, perfect running weather! 
I hate hot weather.  going to innout with parents, transformers tonight!
ran 3 miles in 100 degree weather. have multiple blisters from doing so 
... tickle me and make me smile. now. ahhhh this weather makes me sad.. 
I love the rain because that's the perfect weather to sleep in! But i can't because, i have tons of stuff to do. 
the sun is here! Byebye gloomy weather! 
foggy weather 
Not even the other side of the pillow is cool in this hot weather. 
Such great weather outside and I am stuck in the office. 
@igenkin dosnt look like the forecast will stay sunny for long  crappy weather were having at the moment
this weather is a waste when you only have one free 
@manfredmelo hello!!!! did you sent the cold weather for this side of the atlantic? it doesn't look like summer up here 
where did the good weather go?  
if only love can survive with no conditions 
doesn't like the humid weather - thunderstorms are on their way 
This is not the weather the weather man and I talked about earlier. Where is the sun?! 
And by the way : where is the sun ? I's raining here  horrible weather ...
there's awesome weather again. my sister comes home tomorrow, so it's going to bad weather again 
@Jaffoolie yes, weather here is beautiful....going to make the  most of it, rain on the way I hear 
is not looking forwards to working in this weather 
yaani how can the weather change just like that 
@bitchville AHAHA I don't!  The weather's being bipolar, last night it was hella hot and now it's freezing
but its lousy weather here in germany.. 
Ugly day, working hard, cold weather.... I need my girl right here, right now!!!  http://yfrog.com/a6chcbj
is afraid of the weather on sunday. maybe we have to put off the picnic ... 
@michae44 I figured if the weather was bad all day it was at least going to be yucky soggy grass   sorry to hear!!!
the weather right now is really crappy.. the thunders scare me 
i want to be outside and not stuck in the office...  its soooo nice weather and what bout me??
@KhloeKardashian Ughhh working  I wish I was out enjoying the weather!
Just got in from school, and once again the weather is too much  its too hot!
spent the evening outside in the beautiful warm weather. finally feels like spring 
Probably looking at short week too, with long weekend.  enjoy the nice weather!
@drrnlvngstn can i have yours?  clouds have come in, i fear i may be too late to enjoy the weather
who wants to b at work when the weather is so nice? bbq, sunshine and beer in the garden comming up, 5 hours to go 
@EmergeMarketing Maybe I should just ask for better summer show wearing weather? Nothing else has seemed to work on warming things up 
@TheFraserMills sorry, but i like seeing the sun. will try not to talk about the weather in the future  lol
@malhere hope u have a good ride if the weather is decent, if only the weather was like that where I live 
good morning all. btw, did NOT get up at 6/6:30, but 7:00-ish is still not bad  beautiful cool, crisp air this morn. how's your weather?
Totally enjoying this amazing weather! It might be to cold for others but it's perfect for me 
@twinky3 We've actually had toasty warm weather for a change so I took advantage of the opportunity 
Enjoying the 60 degree weather in april 
feelin a little icky, but the weather is super and life is good 
@paintedheartsx: yes, bright blue sky all day! I can't do much more than enjoy it!  How is your weather? (:
Just had a good jog  thank god for the beautiful weather 
takin my baby to play in this pretty weather 
This weather makes me want to be lazy... Looks like an afternoon of reading 
Weekend!!! The weather is beautiful outside 
going to enjoy this wonderful weather we have, and looking forward to some visitors 
I heart this weather. It's nice and cool outside. 
Enjoying the sunshine and warm weather  ... has spring finally arrived?!?
@Dannymcfly  the weather is better in chile  haha  
Washing cars in this beautiful weather 
@infamousjay69 hahaha I'm up! &amp; out! This weather is awesome 
taylor swift and beautiful weather.   
I love this weather and its lookin positive 
biking to the park. refuse to work in this weather 
Still grinding academically. I hope everyone else is out enjoying the nice weather, if that applies to where you are. 
loving this 90 degree weather. going outside! 
going to take a nature walk, listen to some music, and enjoy the beautiful weather. 
Oh, it has been a lovely day!  The warm weather is great 
@jayvirdy quite welcome.  i'll try to keep the weather dream alive!
@Lawlliet it was nice, i went out side ... the weather is great. 
I love my profanity, and the weather often calls for it!  http://www.thefuckingweather.com
wow....we had a greeeat time   enjoying the wonderful weather now 
sweet weather dudes and dudetes 
@TranquilMammoth lucky you for such a nice weather. hope it stays  this morning the sun came out again as well in germany!!!
oh, what great weather for a morning run 
@lite_sneeze @coconutdress it hurts when the weather is so nice and i can just drink coffee on my trampoline. wait, no it doesnt ! 
ughh i hate getting up early.work again.anyways the weather is amazing 
as much as i usually hate the sun, im actually enjoying this weather 
back from a sunny walk, weather is so nice,which is unusual, the murphys are pikin me up which shud be goaad. want to go out in the sunn 
@SwayShay  aw well, yay for good weather though 
Goooood morning!  i love this weather. I'm craving sushiland cause of it lol
warm sunshine outside...I love this weather. 
@heidimontag absolutely gorgeous weather here in ireland, u guys are missing out... 
yeah, at last the weather is good enough to be able to hang out some washing  if it wasn't for the midges we could hav a bbq tonite:/
Today's weather is awesome.  I wanna go to the park. 
i love how los angelenos see the first sign of decent weather &amp;head to the beach (self included) 
is happy cause the weather is happy 
Waiting on my venti starbucks doubleshot... I found a 5 on the ground @ the same moment I realized the weather was getting me down. 
@transcribe @bigclick_dean its lovely weather!  #centralcoastnsw
@dicesix owh.. maybe sudden  change of weather all the time huh?..its raining here..and i enjoy it! 
@afwife08 uuu, and here i 9.45 AM  great weather, wonderful day! &lt;3
This is such a great night. The perfect kind of weather. It makes me smile! 
lets hope this great weather carries on 
is looking at blue skies and hoping the weather stays kind for this week of our hols 
is going to get ready for drama workshop! weather is to nice to stay in 
@nkotbswelshbabe init i just hope this weather keeps up the nice weather and i be happy  hope u enjoy ur run.
Enjoying the wonderfull weather while waiting for my train home. 
Going for a run in the beautiful weather!! 
lovinn the sunny weather, wonder if i can get a tann hmmmmmmm...... 
I'm not ready for this busy week, but I'm lovin' this weather! 
@ShawnWalker614 it has me in depressed mode! haha i need that bright sumnshine &amp;&amp; super warm weather haha...guess i belong on a beach 
Sitting outside having a cool drink seaside  The weather even in the evening is incredible! I'm feeling amazing right now, life is great!
The weather is beautiful again  It's thundering and raining. Lovely 
Wish the weather was nicer it's abut grey but it looks like the sun might come out  fingers crossed
Now enjoying weather in islamabad with my friend...!!!   
loves having the bike out in the nice weather-- I usually really push that thing, and the exertion feels really good.  Spending energy. 
@mistydawn1031 wow we've ONLY had sun, some people get all the weather! 
@davideisert @lpt21 - never too sunny for lego! it's an all weather obsession 
sniffling and sneezing!!! Ah beautiful weather can only mean one thing.....HAYFEVER   
sitting in the sun revising  i love this weather
weather is looking like it will hold out until the weekend! 
Amazing weather out side I ACTUALLY love it  zoooooooo!!!!!!
Enjoying the fine weather, that's all I've got to say 
the weather is sweet getting ready to do some shopping 
On sylt!nice weather,suns shining  lovely.
@honeyfabi it's boring here too...just finished my lunch  the weather here it's cloudy and i think it's going to rain soon
Looks like it's going to rain.  I hope the weather gets better. 
is ultra cool in this warm weather, lying beside her open PC tower case while trying to run a backup restoration 
@chelsealynn818 pretty good. been out all day, very nice weather outside!  how about you? 
On my way to work. I love driving in beautiful weather! 
Fantastic cuddle/napping weather 
enuf' of reading. i'm getting my 10 hours of sleep now. ahh perfect weather! cold &amp; windy  &lt;3
damn good weather!!! it's cool to be walking in park   http://twitpic.com/4gwj5
is back from the clubs and could REALLY get used to this gorgeous weather!!!  
@ben_grubb I've actually been extremely fortunate on this trip. I've had great weather for the whole 10 months. Perhaps I bring the sun? 
Used the great day with nice weather to scout again for locations for next saturdays wedding - successfully 
lazy sunday  weather is too hot here
http://twitpic.com/4h1k9 - Heyyy!!! I'm going to my nana's soon! The weather is sunny 
I love when the weather is so nice on weekends 
@poptart65 go out .. don't make the weather controls you 
lovin the weather. 
@JordyWrites good good sunny weather here also delicious beer 
@DustinJMcClure That would be good. I kinda liked the weather yesteday. 
so tired.. yay i get to wear my new dress i bought  oh how i love beautiful weather.  xoxox
sunday + cold weather n cold hands... love brazilian autumn. rockferry sounds like autumn too  ? http://blip.fm/~5heha
loving the lazy sunday weather 
The weather is nice outside! A walk is a good idea!   i'm so proud of myself!  - xoxo
I'm glad the weather is matching my decision to make soup for dinner 
@SheBeeGee jersey weather - and good on you for the charity drive! 
cooked chicken soup for the rainy weather 
net .. net .. net ..  hmm. bad weather .. weird summer!
http://goingtorain.com/ - about as precise as any other weather report 
loves the nice weather and 7:30 exams 
Never got 2 beach bloody weather cloudy n cold i so need 2 move somewhere hot 
Is back in sunny 95 degree weather though 
Taking the dog on a walk..the weather is perfect rite now  @patty_p sucks becuz she didn't come with me hahaha
bundy. in 3 days.!!!! warm weather here i come! 
@david_henrie i would still rather be in your shoes instead in bed bc i work from 10-9 tommorow. i love cold weather. 
looked up weather for greece this weekend....80 and sunny OMGZ 
looks at the weather, perfect for working on my assignment 
Weatherproofing the hiking gear - because hoping for sunny weather doesn't keep you dry. 
@j0nnny aww yay rainbow!!   i hope you guys have a blast!!   say hello to the warm weather for me!  
Warm weather all week! 
@billingtonart I felt the same way as the weather is the same here  
@alyne_  I'm goooood although this hot weather makes me lazy. well, more lazy than usual...
@FurkidsinHK thanks for following me, what's the weather like in the clouds? 
the weather agrees with my mood. screw you all selfish people. 
crappy weather but the days going well so far so good. although ny hair needs to be straightend again now 
awful weather, cant go out with my daughter to d park 
weird weather.. thank you power shortages  haha
@xoxoJL you're late! but weather seems just fine, except a little wind 
so happy the weather finally turned!  Also happy I get to keep my job!
Its a lovely weather out there, finally I can see summers going off! 
great weather and plenty of free pitches here at the campsite. 
@barrysnedden - Looks good, great that we got some nice weather 
@saxa246 really? i'm sitting under air condition and still no help .... i hate this weather 
@MsTRemarkable thx for the weather report 
@treborlady well its crappy weather so may as well have some quilt time! - go for it 
had a nice day  hoping the weather will stay sunny
Thinking about astrology. The planets could affect our destiny, but I think the weather also has an effect on our moods and our lives 
hello world!  i hate this weather! ._.
the weather are really bad today... now I understand why british people love talk about weather 
Wish the weather was like this everyday 
loving the weather and winding down from the great lax sleepover 
Gma: &quot;don't worry about graduating in the winter. I like cold weather. I can pull out my mink coat and style on 'em&quot; 
Working out taking advantage of this nice weather 
The weather is so good here... bet the tourists are in 7th heaven 
@PushPlayCJ glad u landed safely! How's the weather??? I'm jealous!  -leslie
@krriiisstiiinna hope the weather is nicer than here. 
@rawrgoesaimee yeah.. i love the current weather 
cuddle weather 
gooooood morning! nice weather  @ already at hszuyd...working
heading away for the day now  damn rain tho, was hoping for some decent weather. will tweet later on x
@jembie only if you don't send your weather in return 
just got up  wish the weather would sort itself out
@sweetsheilx lol in my dorm, ac is on 24/7!  hehes. its hot outdoors which sucks. have to wear shorts for this weather :\
@StevieJ102 it's nice weather for sitting out 
contemplating to build shed, which has been pending for over 1 a year now...i blame it on weather 
the weather is supposed to be beautiful all week 
also quick update on weather for next few days in milan. wed - sun: 31.C and sunny.  off to lidl.
@tiffanythurston I wave as you go by, have fun..I heard the weather was pretty brutal there, though 
Thinks the weather will be well enough for her kids to camp this weekend.. thats great news for me 
Just done a lunchtime run ... battling with the weather again ... this time it was sunny so I was hot in the windproof I was wearing! 
cold weather + rain = so chill. 
the weather is crap bring on summer 
Enjoying the lazy day with lazy weather 
good weather, good food and good friends are what make summers in san marcos so lovely 
goooooddd morning!!! ahh weather is looking better  hopefully it says like it tomorrow  xx
@blabers no, sorry, it's fabber cos we have the good weather AND electricity! 
long weekend ahead and fingers crossed good weather. can't wait 
@LindsayWolves No nothing planned really, hopfully if the weather is good sitting in garden and getting a tan  x
Today is pear cider weather 
@freshypanda last i heard was maybe scattered t-storms..you should have great beach weather!! 
Oh i hope this weather keeps up...we will have an amazing weekend if it does!!!! 
Best weather yet.  I love the sun.
Enjoying the warm weather 
i cant believe how good the weather is! its awesome 
1 week left till my visit in my hometown, the weather forecast is very good! If it'll be like this: I'm on the beach for Beachvolleyball! 
Loading our stuff in the van for our gig tonight and enjoying the warm and sunny weather 
@KidROO fine francis  i want to be out in this sunny weather - good day to go to the buddah!!
What an amazing day, weather is fantastic, going out shopping now!! 
@pedroin We have flu at home. The weather help viruses to growth up healthy 
@hannday the weather for your six flags day is almost up to 80 
sitting in my room, drinking my hot chocolate. this weather is perfect 
is grateful for the birthday wishes, great weather, long weekend, and abundance of good times  Thanks everyone!!!
I'm beginning to think warm weather and outdoor play with my kids will seriously impact my time surfing the web! 
sooo hungry! YAY for the week off  this weather better sort itself out!
Enjoying the beautiful sunny weather, hope you all are too  
morning tweeeties.. the weather looks aamaziiiiiiiiiing . but we.re trapped 
Just kickin it, watching the weather channel. 
Just got home from terminator and a 20 min drive. I love driving late at nite with nice weather and cool music. 
SO excited for the warm weather we're supposed to be having this week, if only it could be warm ALL year! 
@eddieIzzard if you weren't so good at what you do I'd say you missed your calling as a weather-man. You're always tweeting about it 
@pd1001 not bad mate. An preparing todays weather report 
glad the weekends nearly here... hope the weather forecast is right cos it looks like wall to wall sun 
yeeah! sun is shining and the weather is sweeet now  das macht das aufwachn doppelt spazz
Why don't we close the library due to the great weather?  And the ac isn't working  #fb
Ahh finally friday. Supernice weather and party tonight!! 
@Jessicaleighb yeah exactly..and the weather is eh for swimming too. even though from your pictures, it looks like you lucked out 
@rosiewong i wish!  just checked the weather and it's only around 70.  enjoy your weekend. 
couch? check. heater? check. cold melb weather? check. could live be any better? 
@meso_maniac  my pleasure completely.. might have some weather questions for ya later on 
jeej sunny weather 
@thebletherer 'Morning bright &amp; sunny here, so's the weather. 
@PsychicPeacock It is scone weather like, are you having them with cream and jam? I could do with some now like 
