Most common words for this cluster:
[('weather', 431), ('rainy', 6), ('lol', 4), ('wet', 3), ('u', 3), ('cold', 2), ('awww', 2), ('amp', 2), ('d', 2), ('x', 2), ('gahh', 2), ('http', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'weather', 0.9998657703399658), (u'wet_weather', 0.6977636218070984), (u'Weather', 0.6652833223342896), (u'inclement_weather', 0.6564791202545166), (u'wintry_weather', 0.6347154974937439), (u'wintery_weather', 0.6211180686950684), (u'weatherwise', 0.6186389923095703), (u'stormy_weather', 0.6146372556686401), (u'Unseasonably_warm', 0.6040321588516235), (u'Unusually_mild', 0.6029582619667053)]





gloomy weather...again 
i can't enjoy the weather 
wondering where this cold weather came from 
uugghhhh.....I hate gloomy weather 
I hate bad weather! 
I miss the nice weather already 
i hate stormy weather 
Why does the weather say its going to rain!!!!!! 
this weather is shitty, why is it so cold 
the weather is officially retarded up here in the Philippines 
Wishing I was outside in the beautiful weather......working instead 
So sad I have to sleep during this beautiful weather 
hating the weather, and wanting to snow in glendale 
almost midnight and its still 70 degrees..  i like sleeping with cool weather.
Such a nice weather and i have to work 
not so nice weather out 
I hate rainy weather. 
Not enjoying this headachey weather. 
feeling under the weather 
@MelodieGore i dont know if i can sleep in this weather and i'm tired 
@MaiMenta omgggggg that suuucks   stupid weather!
i'm not feeling well.  darn, the hot weather!
I'm still feeling under the weather 
it's such a nice weather again....  and I just have to work 
@Taitosaurus About the weather! 
@JasonKAM fuck you with your good weather 
bad weather  I will go shopping!!!
crummy weather 
ithe weather is really bad, it's rainy here, very oppressive. I hope that the trip's weather won't be so 
just woke up to miserable weather  i'm going back to bed!
@micfou You are so lucky. I want 90 degree weather 
Feeling a little under the weather 
@jbNchp im a little under the weather 
back to grey weather  #toulouse
Miserable weather  x
my stomaaaaaaaach    and the weather is fucking terrible.
Just waking up, hate this weather 
well i'm bored, not good weather 
is extremely bored. The weather is even more depressing.  http://plurk.com/p/rrm8d
@CocaBeenSlinky i love this weather too but not to run in it just drains you 
the weather makes me feel down 
english weather again not letting us down, correct, grey wet and miserable!! 
such horrible weather in dunmore!!! 
.. not feeling too good  .... stupid weather!!!!
what happened to springtime weather??? it's freeeeezing!!!!!! 
@weeyin13 Still feeling rough  The weather does not help, torrential rain and wind lol. How is it with you ?
i am sooo fed up with this weather 
Feeling under the weather 
This weather sucks.. where is everybody? 
is up and not impressed with the weather  x
horrible weather again 
@amymckeownxo me too  stupid weather!
I hate that rainy weather! 
Not really shopping weather. 
@sangupta I'm jealous  its a horrible weather here....
i'm sick... i'm so sick   beautiful weather... i'm staying in... i can't even talk
I don't think I want to ride in this weather. 
The weather is really upsetting me 
Not liking this weather 
Loving the weather, but hating what it meets for my clopen 
stupid weather 
i hate working, especially when the weather is good 
@SydneyAlterEgo probably not in this weather 
@RedMummy And it's such glorious weather too - poor you 
Gahh ! This weather sucksss ! 
@MattyP_654  it's this damp weather...
http://twitpic.com/66uq4 - hotttt weather! getting blackk before it starts to rain again 
I really don't like this weather 
What happened to the weather?? 
This weather sucksss 
@abramsandbettes i sent one abrams  and it was all surrounded with weather 
Ugh, I hate 90 degree weather 
f*** that weather 
@QuEeN_AnGeL84 Awww i hope you feel better love...this weather is crazy...  
The weather is so ugly n L.A... It's really cold 
@socallove well grand has been cancelled due to the weather 
What's with the weather? 
@Makinov  the weather is good here too and i am off to work also
can't believe she has to go to work when the weather is this nice 
The weather... it burns! Seriously, it does, I don't tan - I burn... 
How beautiful is this weather? I wish I could enjoy it instead of revising... 
When is this weather going to change???? We have gone from *dreary* to *drearier*. I neeeeed sunshine!  
i cant believe im actually sitting in in this weather! i want funn 
bored  should enjoy the weather outside clearly
Learnig.... bad weather outside. 
what sucky weather we're having 
Why is it that as soon as the weather is blazing hot I start to come down with a cold?! 
the weather is tooooo hot, i  dont like it 
@sherylpz I think it's the really sucky weather. 
To ill to go outside in this gorgeous weather 
the weather is kind of ugly. 
not feeling well...  bad weather!
This weather is making me burn up!!!! 
The weather is cold and I don't like it 
Trying to figure out weather music is where i go with music or weather i leave it 
Awww so fly boys under the weather  hopefully I don't get under Ahhhhhhhh
The weather is so crappy and cold and just generally upsetting 
battling cold weather........ 
its so scary outside! the weather is really bad... 
bad weather 
bad weather  !!
The weather is wonderful, and I have to work. 
Feeling a little under the weather  hopefully it will pass soon!
why doesn't anyone come out in this weather  !!!!
packing  for the hot weather 
soooo sleepy and the weather is not helping any 
loving the weather right now. although i imagine that it will finish soon. 
under the weather 
Really not trying to admit that I'm feeling a little under the weather 
wow - this weather is scorching! too hot to go to work 
WORKING in this weather 
I can't believe the weather is so nice and i feel too ill to sit out in it 
this weather makes me depressed 
the weather is so nice! i wish i could be outside but i need to revise 
is to to to to hot  hate this weather sometimes
Wtf is up with this weather!! 
Is hating this weather 
@ddlovato how can you party over here when its really cloudy and very moody  the weather hasnt been at its best lately.
This weather is totally amazing and i have to work 
the weather is really yuck 
the weather is nice it's sunny but I've got cold  
I have breakfast, but outside is bad weather. 
And fuck the weather, it'll be good later, won't it 
thought the nice weather was too good to last 
- I hate how the weather is so nice when I need to revise 
I hate working when the weather is so nice  
@jellybabies2009 The weather is set to be rubbish though 
@resurigurl probly the weather 
what is with this weather..all i want to do is stay in bed 
@LouiseMayes Oh really, this nice weather is leaving us so soon 
The weather is too hot  and it's not even that hot!!!!!
doesn't want to study but has too  and the weather is gorgeous too (
@sbayne aww - all that lovely weather and you're under (the weather) ... 
this weather is not very motivating...i don't feel like working 
i don't want this aaaamazing weather to end 
I hate the weather so much right now! Gahh, I haven't been sunburnt since I was like 6, why does it have to happen again!! 
I hate this weather! I low winter I want it back 
is so over this weather! It's freezing! 
The colder weather is starting to arrive 
i really do not want to go out in this weather.. 
is back 2 seeing miserable weather  I h8 winter
i miss the good weather 
Working and the weather is very boring  I want to go home! and sleep!
wondering where the nice weather has gone. 
The weather is bringing me down 
i hate the weather absolutly hate, i cant even go out 
@cookiesweetshop I know what you mean about wanting to stay in bed in this grey weather. 
weather has been so shit its unberlivable 
@mariaheim I do want to go. I heard the weather is supposed to be crummy 
This rainy weather is depressing me... 
I want to go outside  the weather is just too perfect.
@FreshJacobs not that great.. i've been under the already crappy weather so i've been in bed mostly 
I want the nice weather back 
the weather is absolutely shit!!! ughhhh 
This weather's no good at all 
why has the weather turned like it has i cnt beleive it 
are not liking all this wet weather 
what's with the weather? 
not happy about the rubbish weather 
It's not good weather outside 
boo..! camping cancelled due to inclement weather 
what happened to the weather? 
i hate this weather so much 
I'm all wellied up &amp; ready for PlanetLove, can't believe this weather 
i bloody hate rainy weather 
that is some thuder storm outside, and the weather has been so nice recently 
Bad weather. 
I hate this weather 
Wondering where all the nice weather has gone. 
bad weather, oxfam at 2 
mmhhmmm bad weather 
bike riding? no... stupid weather 
How to sleep with such weather 
the weather is so gross 
british weather is so poo. 
the nice weather has ended 
Missing the hot weather. 
Is mulling over this bad weather 
been such nice weather until now  dissapointed
@Twistedlilkitty I hate the weather 
Ugh I hate washington weather! 
what has happend to the lovely weather?? 
Is still feeling under the weather  i hate been ill 
..gloomy weather makes you gloomy  lol
@eileenmishelay the weather... 
this weather really sucks...it's cold and raining 
terrible weather, and i feel pretty ill 
i wish the weather was hot   Where is summer?
is seriously hating english weather 
Once again tennis fooled by the weather 
Once again tennis foiled by the weather 
is not likeing the weather 
the rubbish weather is bringing me down 
No, it is NOT convertible weather 
bad weather 
watching most haunted lol. the weather is shit 
@kayte_girll and how's the weather there? here it's rainning 
The weather is shit 
@leannenufc It's absolutely pelting it down here too. Such miserable weather 
why is the weather always bad 
@_nicmac We should!! I wish we could make the weather 
The weather makes me sad 
it's bout to rain  I'm so tired of this weather lately
I wish @TheHighwayGirl and @TheHighwayDog were here to enjoy the nice weather  #wwdc
feeling a little under the weather 
@MsParker411 Still under the weather??   I hope you're back to 100% soon...
Shopping in hot weather 
flying cancelled due to the rather damp weather 
I spoke to soon. Its crappy weather again. 
Couldn't of being more wrong about the weather 
wow..... i really x like the weather now... i really really miss winter... 
feeling under the weather 
i hate the weather.  i even hate talking about the weather but i simply have to cause it is soooo bad. 
I hate this weather - it makes me depressed 
What is up with the weather?!....I'm scared 
@Beverleyknight I agree the weather is killing me  ahaha Missed you Beverely xc
I wish I felt as good as the weather is right now 
I love bad weather..so why does bad weather always happen when I'm not around the house to enjoy it?! Off to work  and it's about to storm
Under the weather 
I hate severe weather. 
@maliciousmandy1 and the weather is gorgeous  
stupid weather! 
What's up with this weather 
it's raining, my favorite weather.. but I can't help to smile 
What a weather 
not very nice weather outside 
So much nice weather I'm missing out on 
Is sick...again...i hate this midwest weather!!!! 
this weather is sweet, but resting isn't 
@jenali I think  this weather makes us feel so exhausted. 
is under the weather  Hopes to be over the weather soon!
the weather is killing me too hot 
jixed the good weather, bring it back 
Little bit under the weather 
and again the bad weather 
what horrible weather 
Feeling severely under the weather 
isnt impressed with the weather 
working... the weather is to good to be inside 
i hate the weather 
genuinely hoping the weather is good for #glasto...  but fearing the worst...  
is not liking this weather 
Hateing the weather 
@lauzylouu the weather was not as good as i hoped 
Finally have nice weather, to bad it's not going to last 
the weather could be really better...| i`m freaking out soon 
this weather is stupid. 
I'm working and the weather is gorgeous 
@JanelleRichards i noo  this weather SUCKS!
the weather is making me miserable 
I'm feeling a little under the weather   Not so fun
Bad weather makes me scared... 
@lckylfty9 well if the weather wasn't so damn icky! 
horrible weather where I live. there are tornado warnings. 
The weather is terrible. 
don't want to get out of bed. weather is so gloomy. 
@AllICanB I was thinking u were still under the weather 
Is hoping the weather picks up 
Feeling just like this weather.......BLAHHH! 
The weather is beginning to annoy me 
weather is a-m-a-z-i-n-g! and I can't go out 
this weather is so depressing 
i dont like the weather. 
I don't like this weather 
i hate spore's weather. 
i hate rainy weather  it makes u so tired!
@MsSuKiBaBy I'm hating on the weather + I feel sick 
This weather SUCKS 
doesn't like the rainy weather 
This weather makes me 
I can't focus in this weather. 
@ohay bad weather?  how's 3.0 working for you?
@mikeant hey hun..how's the weather?? We are getting soaked out here 
weather is depressing 
bring the hot weather back! 
this weather sucks!!! 
@jerseyshorejen  well hopefully the weather clears up here for you!
@traceface504 thank you!! omg its so hot here and it's pouring so it's wet and humid! worst weather 
so over this weather 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah this weather suuuucks 
This weather is bumming me out. 
Blerrghh, the weather is terrible. 
throat is bothering her, and with all this fluctuating weather she prays she is not getting a cold 
Missing the nice weather 
@jennettemccurdy You're so lucky! The weather here sucks.. 
so tired now....running in 95 degree weather WITH humidity is not fun 
ugh more bad weather 
@sereniel ugh it is!? booo! i hate this weather 
and the weather is again cloudy 
This isn't really snowboarding weather 
I wish the weather was nice 
The weather is terrible 
too hot and too wet!! ..sadly, i'm only talkin about the weather 
really doesn't like having to go to work in this weather 
not that nice weather..  what about you?! where are you and how's your weather?!  tweet me!!
I hate this weather 
it's sooo windy  i hate this weather... where is summer?
the weather is so bad 
i hate the weather here. 
the weather outside is frightful 
I hope by july 18 the weather will actually be like summer weather 
i believe it should always be cold  i hate hot weather 
doesn't like working alone when the weather is supposed to be bad 
@extramsg long walk in this weather 
this weather is killing me  too hot, too hot.
wishing it was nice out...i so need nice weather 
Feeling under the weather....... 
Hot weather again 
This weather sucks 
I am so over this weather 
Feeling down, must be the awful weather 
feeling under the weather 
the weather's ugly todaaaaay 
This weather is so unpredictable.... 
why does the weather have to be so yuckyyy 
This weather is crazy...it makes me depress 
how I love unexpected weather 
I want to go out but the weather is not good 
uuuglyyy weather  out w karoline&amp;tylerr
I don't want to be out in this weather 
Ugweee weather 
This weather is just depressing. 
@sweetu4ria The weather is horrible here too 
back to the rainy weather. 
@AClockworkMish I loooove this weather, just not when I anna go swimming  haha
@kassimosgood the weather is horribleeeee everywhere 
i hate this weather 
the weather still cold  ~ 
@taishan88 hot weather and ciroc? I might just consider moving out there...this ny weather has been HORRIBLE 
wtf?  damn I want cold weather back!
is feeling under the weather 
is ill.  outside is beautiful weather, and i cannot go out.. :/ i hate this..
Also, I seem to have brought the weather with me. You're welcome. 
is not liking this rainy weather 
I feel awful  stupid weather
#squarespace the weather is killing me 
Dive called due to adverse weather. 
being sad about the bad weather 
@auroille its practically impossible with this weather 
is enjoying the lovely beautiful weather...NOT! 
hating this weather. won't it ever get sunny? its like its not even summer yet 
This weather is screwing up my S.A.D. 
@Phibe same here. I blame the weather. 
@tateaana me two  weather does not help~~
Under the weather  
weather = 
i hate this weather! 
This weather makes sitting outside not even fun... 
@jonathanyantz that's been happening to me toooo! must be the dreary weather 
highly disliking the weather. 
i hate this weather 
@sohamdas cant even enjoy the great weather.. 
The weather it much to good to work 
still raining, hopefully the weather will improve 
I hope the weather is nice like it's supposed to be  so pissed if it isn't
I wish the weather would stay like this..but instead it's going up to 100 and humid 
I'm back. The weather's so hot. 
is lovin the weather but will it last??? probably not 
the weather changed  headache
so glad that the weather is good...but i miss u 
This weather scares me 
@tiffanysvaughan I'm afraid to go outside myself!  Totally nasty weather. 
enjoying the nice weather 
@djg1 @joerearden @xlad @kupkakeinator @Chisstwitt @maxiec @smartiej LOL it is the weather that is windy not me 
I get happy in this weather... 
@anukrishna send me some hot weather I will send u cold weather  we are fed up of this cold weather
I am so loving the weather right now! 
Enjoying the great weather 
is enjoying the nice weather 
enjoying the weather 
Out enjoying the beautiful weather 
love the weather 
loving this beautiful weather 
Enjoying this beautiful weather outside!! 
Beachh weather YAY 
is enjoying the beautiful weather 
loving the weather 
I want to make love to this weather 
Bring on the beautiful weather 
I love when the weather is like this 
enjoyed some of the sunny weather. I love living in so cal 
It is dry weather over here (A) 
@francescajuel this is my favourite weather 
enjoying the beautiful weather 
Loving this weather right now. Hot weather is my friend 
@bjacaruso lol... no, I wasn't in bed... I've been enjoying this absolutely gorgeous weather! 
Enjoying the weather over here! So beautiful! 
is loving the weather 
@safeye yeahhh it's a great weather to roam around! 
loving the weather!!! 
@KatieVanBeek Me too! I wanted to be there all during break and this weather is soo perfect! 
Ahh, how nice is this weather 
the weather is gorgeous 
larves the weather 
loving the hot weather 
the weather is finally getting beautiful here.  beautifuleyes&lt;3
got addicted to coffee because of the weather...can't wait to go home 
Going to do some shopping... It's a nice weather outside 
Wooop, massive picnic and the weather is perfect 
trampolining in the nice weather! 
@bencredible hopefully the weather has been nice/cooperating 
I love ridding in this weather 
@mopedronin come to kyoto  weather is great here  
@kazzba really bad weather over there? it's surprisingly sunny here 
Morning all weather is quite bad ah well what can you do 
@eddieizzard weather is pretty gorgeous up here...bright and sunny 
says that this is earthquake weather that we are having 
yay, good weather again 
Going to tim hortons ,,what a weather 
is liking the nice weather 
@aral you &lt;3 walking with this nice weather 
It's raining. the weather is cold. and I'm happy for this. 
@amysav83 great! just doing a little sun bathing as we have this fantastic weather 
I shall mostly be checking the weather forecast 
great weather here 
the weather is really confious  
Thunderstormy weather is my favorite 
this weather is amazingggggggggg 
is delighted by the beautiful weather 
weather's still hot, but it's better now. 
awesooooome weather 
