Most common words for this cluster:
[('weather', 286), ('today', 49), ('day', 35), ('rain', 33), ('weekend', 18), ('morning', 16), ('amp', 16), ('work', 13), ('week', 12), ('time', 12), ('sucks', 10), ('good', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Weather', 0.9787303805351257), (u'weather', 0.651802659034729), (u'meteorologist_Donna_Dubberke', 0.6279916167259216), (u'NewsChannel5.com_Nashville_News', 0.602584958076477), (u'Wintry_mix', 0.5966207385063171), (u'Wintry_Mix', 0.5913318991661072), (u'Pinpoint_Doppler', 0.5891923904418945), (u'ACCUWEATHER', 0.5877871513366699), (u'WEATHER_WATCH', 0.585919976234436), (u'Direct_Broadcasts', 0.5845203995704651)]





@thecoolestout Ehhh don't. Weather's gonna take a turn for the ugly tomorrow 
Horrible Weather 
@seguima Weather not looking good 
@Peppersantblai Weather sucks, really 
@jenmaas22 We have Bad Weather today  its Raining poo ala fach
Weather is so warm!! Head spinning, feel like puking, need ice cream!! 
this is the worst year for formulaone. Weather ALWAYS sucks.  i hope it'll be okay when i watch in september!
I'm really not looking forward to going into work today   Weather's too nice outside!
Weather = gross. Spring warmth needs to stayyy 
Weather is sooo amazing today and I was stuck in work!  Typical!
@callmedev Weather was actually pretty nice here today!! Miss NYC so much though..oy! 
Is anyone still using Pocket Weather AU? I hope so  If you are is there any changes you want?
Weather's too good to be struck in the office today   Got the door open at least!
Weather's too good to be stuck in the office today  Got the door open at least!
Weather is too nice to be sat at desk facing the service lift 
Bella has squits again   Weather, however, is lovely 
Only have to ride 65 miles today. Weather: rain and strong winds 
Out at Surfin. Weather really nice. Queue long tho. 
Waiting for Brian Peters to post todays Weather Extreme video. Or at least new information about todays svr wx event. I is scared 
Weather forecast looks like 4 days torrential rain at Centre Parcs, may have to get pissed a lot and fight with the in-laws 
Gah why do I need to be cleaning on a day like this! Weather is perfect  why I can't I be wakeboarding right now
@RealBillBailey Morning Bill! How are you this morning? Weather in Newcastle, well a little dull 
Weather not great so Lots of sorting and other jobs to do today  Just as well we made the most of the weather yesterday 
Weather  there was srsly no reason for me to flat iron my hair this morning.
@drtabor im totally impressed... That sounds like fun. Weather is terrible up here 
Weather is supposed to be yucky today  Good day to get some stuff done in the house.
Heading to Arbroath of all places! Weather horrid 
Is on mc today.. Weather really getting to me. 
brrr cold today weather ism't everything. Weather was nice yesterday nice and sunny now too much clouds 
Heading onto campus for revision and driving lesson. Weather looks ominous  #fb
Weather for this weekend is set to be shite, so no biking with my Pop 
@liverpoolweath Hurrah!! Could do with it now ( the wine) I mean.. Weather its usual crappy self 
Got soaked taking dogs out this morning. Weather miserable at the moment 
Going to a christening today! Weather looks awful tho.  think our summer has been and gone!
Weather bad, slept in.   perfect day for cleaning the apartment.   Norway won the song contest! Havent seen it. Anybody watched it?
Morning Button Lovers. Weather not looking to great outside 
Weather's rubbish today! 
home again  Weather here isn't too good unfortunately, rain, rain, rain.  xxx
@PsychicVeg He is fine thx  Weather bn really hot &amp; weird last couple of days, but a nice cold wind has broken that. Humidity will suck 
Why can I find the small town I live in in the Weather widget on OSX, but not in the Weather.app on my iPod? 
Why can I find the small town I live in in the Weather widget on OSX, but not in the Weather.app on my iPod? 
10 of us spent the weekend at Blackpool Pride. Weather not too good and it rained on our parade! 
@dankoek You're in for a surprise Big man!  Weather's not up to much though   What time you getting here?
@MlleNoir Good thanks. &quot;Weather warm&quot;? You are lucky if you're serious! Windy and wet here 
Allergies + Change in Weather = A Soar Throat.  
wheels are back! woooooooot! yeah! looking shiny and good. Weather atrocious so not going out for a run right now 
Dear Weather - Whomever is in charge of complaints should note my extreme displeasure at the COLD during my vacation. I do not approve. 
Weather Report:  Brookside, Telford - cloudy and cold, looks like it is going to rain 
has a day off! Weather is shitty, and so am I! 
Weather.com forecast for hilton head next week: all rain and thunderstorms with coastal flood warning.. 
Weather in TO yesterday was too good to be true (29C). Back to reality today 
Visiting my so sweet little pony with my friend! Weather isn`t great... 
Weather change. causing a head ache.  Have to work today, causing a bigger headache!  LOL
@XADNESS I don't think I can come  I suck...I know. Weather is supposed to be crappy also. Don't hate me!
already tired!  Weather influence?
got to work early as have been awke since 5am! Weather in the delightful w/country has turned &amp; we're back to rain 
Weather is back to being great! Shame I have to wait in for my delivery 
Weather sucks!!... It's raining again!! 
Weather sucks. APUSH filming has become a maybe  At least banquet is tonight
@msignorile  Weather sucks up here
Britain's got (good) Weather. I wish I had some of that over here. 
BBQ's gone well ! Weather stayed good which is a right bonus. Just off to bed, training in the morning at 06:30 then work 
The Fox 6 Weather commercial kind of frightens me. 
Weather forecast ridiculously good for weekend and I still feel crappy. 
Now the f*** German Weather got me  I have a cold  and later driving lesson. what a day...
Good morning world, good morning sad #Berlin!  Weather sucks!and that on a very long weekend!   alternative= home cleaning! #badtiming
Amazing morning!! Weather is fantastic, pity about where we live though 
No American Football for me  Weather got worse and it looks like rain. So we've called off football but will go out for dinner later.
Gorgeous Weather, wish I wasn't at work though 
Weather look nasty 
Weather looks nasty 
Weather is pretty yuck in Mililani, humidity is high and its starting to rain a bit. About to rain out  baseball practice 
Hiroshima today!  Weather's gonna suck for the next couple days tho 
The Weather Channel needs to get their job application page together! I missed out on a job opp. because of their non-responding page! 
Weather looks really nice out the window 
Weather's too nice to be a pin cushion today. When i get home gonna sit in the garden with a nice cold beer... Then go to work 
chilling in Cabo. Weather's beautiful, plane is idling 
Weather dot com lied to me this morning  thanks bitch
Weather is not good for launching a hotair balloon - fog to the south of the city, rain coming down from the north - back to bed 
@Shedimus yes I had lunch and walked the dogs! Did you see me? I haven't done any study since friday  Weather too nice!
Weather is crazy in Vegas today...rain in the morning, now sunshine??? I guess it doesn't really matter since I am working all day 
Weather kept, but my date showed up late   Better luck next time...
Tomas is very disapointed  Weather is so bad 
Awful Weather! 
Well... &quot;happy hour&quot; never came so... instead I'm watching The Weather Network and wishing I was at work 
Weather warm up! I want to go to the beach 
Weather is too nice to be in an office 
Didn't win at the horses last night  but had a great time. Weather is great here at the moment.
Weather is cold! Not normal colorado weather  but the people here are awesome! Bonfire later??
Weather so warm, I'm sad I'm leaving Vancouver.    Someone jar some sunshine for me!
@Yummyone morning hon how are you? Weather looking a bit crappy 
Weather isn't as great today and I have a crap day ahead 
Swimming will be good.But, I don't know swimming  Dear Weather, please help us.
@mel4moe Yes that one...I'm evil but you love it ;D &lt;that's my prevy grin for you, feel honoured! Weather not as good as yesterday,  XxX
Morning! Weather looking a lil better in Chicago, but sill cold 
Uh, tired. Weather sucks! 
Weather not looking good for my day out at Santa pod!  http://yfrog.com/02bqzj
Weather is sooo gloomy 2day!!!!!! 
Well, I'm off to Open by Night. Weather doesn't look too good. 
Wet, wet, and continuing wet...    The Forecast for our show tomorrow is also, wet... more rain.  NOT encouraging.
Back from school.! Sunny all week but wen da w.end cums its cold.! Weather over here. 
Weather sucks so much my blackberry is now a blueberry  say it aint so buddy say it aint so
@RSG3191 Not sure, we fancy cinema tomorrow, not sure whats on tho lol! Weather forecast is rain  
Weather forecast for tomorrow: gail force winds :O im supposed to be going to beach 
Thinking about going to bed! another hard day at work! Got the whole weekend off.Typical English Weather...Rain all weekend 
@handpecked It sucks dude... I woke up all early and shit to start prepping and its just non-stop rain. Weather Channel is depressing 
@xcarlosx you getting a fever too? Weather changes tend to get me sick 
@SweetGwendoline Things are good. Weather rainy here today though  How about you? did you have a good time away?
F1,Derby day(Epspm),Blake on tv(polo-not sure time,Beethoven...will try get on for an hour at 6pm(Weather depending).the sky looks angry 
F1,Derby day(Epspm),Blake on tv-polo-not sure time,Beethoven...will try get on for an hour at 6pm(Weather depending).the sky looks angry 
Weather's so crappy  might just stay in bed and watch dvds all day (: I want guitar hero metallica D:
@cheyroux No i missed it too. Weather is rubbish. Was hoping to put tent up for 1st time but not lookin good. Rain rain rain 
Weather gone bad  x
Weather seems to be getting worse 
@Nettofabulous Headache? Really? Weather related? Weather sucks here, too. Very overcast 
Weather is soooo horrible here what to do with the kids? 
Its here. Maybe i will read it. I bet that i wont. However. Sleepy. Weather is dreary again. 
Weather still not cooperating 
Weather is turning, more sun pls. 
is bored &amp; cold. Weather is cramp  Damn you rain!!!!! 
To the farmer's market for eatings for taday's bbq. Weather is not looking good 
@ALauderdale blah blah blah! Thank you Mr. Weather Man! lol. Its rain snow and thats all I've seen  &lt;-SAD!
No flying no diving, Weather 
Chilling in the garden. Weather still reasonable, but it looks like rain soon. 
Weather is awesome am ready for rollerbladin got my blades and all but got to resist and rest for tonight  one day off fitness won't hurt
Weather is so gloomy, I feel so gloomy 
Horrible Weather 
Weather forecast looks grim for tomorrow's cycle ride around the Peak District 
Camping with the boy scout troup in Kinbrook park in beautifull Brooks Alberta. Weather could be better 
Cloudy Sunday....Humid Weather....so GLOOMY for a sunday!  
Weather sucks ass today 
I cannot believe this Weather, Im doing a chairty walk 'Walk for Life'  and broadcasting all day in this, Unhappy face 
Capital Radio Summer ball today - Weather looks a bit pants   At least were seated under cover!
Weather is so bleurgh today 
Morning all, Weather is shocking today!!! 
Not a very lovely day today up here  Weather doesn't seem to know what to do 
Lost $9.75, big loss in these woods. But still a nice day. Weather has turned bad, raining all night and misting now. Prob no golf today 
Weather turned out nice today after all &amp; I find myself indoors working trying to catch up on my work. Another busy week ahead 
Just got back from takin hubby's kids home. Weather is shocking 
Weather like this makes me sad 
@stereoqueenbee Weather just changed 
@wayneshort  Yesterday: Weather &amp; trail gorgeous. Taking short break, trying to escape the mozzies and black flies  http://mypict.me/2O9d
just watched &quot;7 Pounds&quot;.  Crying  but a good cry. Weather is beautiful here.
Picture of me at The Weather Channel =D Wish I could have gotten in, but well I couldn't  http://twitpic.com/6vs0b
I hate this unusual Weather, some days are hot as hell, others are as cold as o dogs nose 
Good day of golf with @brilliantcrank @tgcase &amp; @ccasenhiser. Weather was fantastic and @brilliantcrank serious improvements. 5+ hr round 
Week off after 4 weekend/holiday days working.  All plans foiled   Weather foiled lawn mowing, bank shut, bloodtest needs 12 hrs w/o food
Good trip this weekend to Homer.  Weather was nice, bugs were a no-show, and the tent didn't blow away.  I ate like a trucker, though. 
Morrrniiing Such Bad Weather  x
Weather good here at mo, but clouds coming in and some look on the grey side 
Weather is so nice outside and I'm way to tired to enjoy it 
@jayneowen Thanks for your kind words Jayne.  50% on weight loss and 25% on fundraising.  All good here today.  Weather wet 
@Jivayoga Weather looks a bit unsettled for the start of the Glastonbury festival so take ya wellies  http://tinyurl.com/l5msrb
Weather got a little better. Really focused on work today. No time to socialize 
Was on the phone to @MrMungus when lightening struck right near to my bus and buggered my signal. Weather's actually getting quite bad. 
On my way to school now. Weather's nice and cool! Just passed the race track and i already miss it 
Weather forecast predicts rain for the next week. I think Australia is sad I'm leaving 
Does anyone know why Abrams and Bettes (Weather Channel)was moved to 7a.m??? 
Weather's making me feel lazy. I wanna go home 
Weather in Sydney is miserable 
Weather forecast - rain, rain, rain, clouds, rain, rain, thunder, rain, clouds 
Just found out that the Dead Weather are playing the Roxy tomorrow. I'm pretty sure it's sold out. 
Im sick today yuck, i hate feeling bad......Weather is bad today round here, that sucks.. Wondering what else could go wrong today.  
I HATE IRELANDS WEATHER! Why can't it go back 2 sunnyness wen i got a tan..Stupid Irish Weather..Finished School And RAIN! &gt; I want sun 
@teganleaaa Deal! Weather looks boring in the longer term, chance of storms late next week but its too far off to be certain  lol
Moving + Hot Weather = Exhausted Lisa   I so need a break...
Spent the night cleaning in work  2 days off tho baby! Plans for the beach one day.. Weather permitting x
Weather is miserable and i'm sleep deprived 
@DionneSouth Good morning!  Weather's pretty dire up in Dundee. Rain's bucketing down 
I HATE THIS DAY  Weather puts me down. Sucky mood. I want sembreak 
Weather sites all say today is the last nice day for a week.  Going to play hooky &amp; work in the garden.  Next 7 days, I'll stay inside.
Still no sign of OS3  heading into work now. Weather is pants.
Ascot tomorrow for Ladies Day. Trying to decide between 2 outfits..... Weather report not as good as forecast earlier this week  boo!
At home just watching Ellen Weather is soo bad rainy 
Landed! Weather is so Latvian - raining 
Weather is reflecting my mood, feeling poorly and fed up 
@OfficialBeecake Weather sucks in NY too 
Yay! I'm home. Weather is not good for riding 
Missed Dead Weather  
follow @peterfacinelli &gt;&gt; Bad Weather 
Weather z nt changin..itz same old fckin hot weather thn too m sneezing 
@arizonaheart Az is a great place. Any plans on visiting soon?  Weather in Indiana today is a bit gloomy. 
Weather sucks...again  Where is the sun?
@RitasItalianIce Yeah, me too. I was supposed to go to a pool party otday  Weather = Fails.
Weather sucks and work is slow and boring today   I hope things look up for the weekend!
@miahrose stop ignoring me! Ahaha. You having a good time? Weather is not good here 
@IamKeonte Been there, done that already today. Weather is clearing but more storms tonight 
LCROSS/LRO Fueling progressing normally Weather dicey tho  Launch in &lt; one hour. AtlasCam looking good Tentacles crossed.
Bad Weather and no jailbreak 
Weather above 65 bothers me! Too Hott to do anything  Off to Pleasanton
Weather forecast not looking good for my weekend in the city...  
@sugamama2009 I know  It's blowing me. Weather is WAY to unpredictable 
Weekend Weather : warm but rain showers Sat. Heavier rain Scotland N England Sun  Sunny Spells elsewhere. Have a great weekend
This rain is driving me stir-crazy. Weather.com says it'll rain all of next week too. BLEH 
Weather forcecast for the weekend. Quite the same weather as in iceland 
Weather here is soooper weird. Yesterday it was very cold. Now it's hot. and I'm wearing long sleeves! 
The Dead Weather on Conan blew doors!  Now here's boring Fallon...yawn 
@zanydude Weather same here   At least the weekend should be a fun one, all those cars you can droll over!
Weather forecast is always right, if it is related to rain 
Weather is dull 
 umm yea, I'm not goin 2 the beach 2day. Weather sux. But!, 2mrw earrrrly a.m. I am there!
Weather forecasts are always unbelievable, you liar 
Slow day at the store. Weather must be nice. Not that ive seen the outdoors in a week. 
Weather forecast is for rain &amp; wind, sorry no tennis today 
is hoping that The Dead Weather's performance on Conan isn't indicative of anything... 
Weather is so nice and pleasant today. Dil garden garden ho gaya. Perfect romantic weather 
@ElectricFirefly oh noes!! Weather is not much better in Melbs 
@Trapes Morning hun ~ are you 'about'? Weather looks crap today 
good morning Twitterland. I can see some blue &amp; some grey in the sky. Not sure the blue will win today  #Berlin #Weather #Weather
Wow... What Lovely Weather 
You know i hate the fact that mr. Weather man has been wrong for 2weeks telling me that it will rain 
even tweeting about rain is not helping my cause. Weather angels don't seem to be following twitter 
Weather app is saying rain all day what else is new  dressing in all black today sad about the weather worse summer start in history 
Day 3 of taping Psychic Kids episode. Weather forecast: bad thunderstorms all day &amp; night here in PA. 
Is jealous of everyone that is outside today!  Weather is beautiful and I'm stuck inside.....working..... 
@cgretton Make it home ok?  Weather wasn't the best for sight-seeing yesterday, at least in Western OR 
coming home from the beach. Weather is shitty and raining. My poor bike 
Weather got me sick  ugh i need med. And som1 to take care of me
@shutupbitchswlo The Weather is lovely. but im sick  *cough*
@camillajb Weather is very very bad , here..It's cold and rainy... 
Sitting in the consevatory at my outlaws. Weather is not so nice here so bbq may be off 
Weather forecast :: rain in afternoon , , , o beach today  Tomorrow looks good!
It's raining...Weather perfectly tuned with my humour...  These are bad days...
Chem, Bio, Physics and Weather... fml. It's so nice out 
@jweighell Weather is good for it. I've lost all my motivation for work as everything failed 
Weather is beautiful and im stuck in work 
Weather is nice! Then WHY am I about to fall asleep! 
Weather isn't looking very good for my soccer game 
Nats seats are perfection. Weather perfect. Beer pricey--$7.50 for bud light 
Weather.com says it is 61deg F - but it feels so warm inside  #summer #heat
Weather is minging to day after such a nice day yesterday  got college as well  but no college 2 moz wo0o0op  xx
but  a bad Weather 
Weather forecast looks dreadful  Plan your weekend with 95 fantastic (&amp; dry) ideas from our Rainy Days Out list http://tinyurl.com/mvwgje
Back @ the office... The Weather is too good to be sitting indoors 
Weather forecast is kinda shit. Of course, #Glastonbury is upon us. Sucks for the @maureenjohnson &amp; @coollike gathering tho 
@ev  Link takes me to &quot;Hazardous Weather Outlook for Michigan&quot;, quick &amp; dirty indeed. 
On train again. Weather is very sunny. All people, waitress, conductor, me are in a good temper. No worries about crises during sunshine 
Sister's bridal shower today.  Weather is suppose to be oober nice today too.
We enjoyed the Central Pk bike tour! Weather was perfect for it-ThanxBB 
@ChocLitLuvJoi Ok over. Weather is nice  Doing some school work and listening to music.
@Sophiabiabia Yeah! Weather is gorgeous over here as well...yay for girls tanning in swimsuits 
This is gonna be a good day.First: Lunch with my brother &amp; my 2 best female friends.Then we go to the Zoo. Weather: Clear sky &amp; sunshine 
Just had a nice cup of Jo and going for a run. Weather here in Miami is BEAUTIFUL!!  70 f and not a cloud around 
Bella has squits again   Weather, however, is lovely 
Shopping done, lawn cut. Now off to a bbq for the rest of today.  Weather is looking good 
Weather: yesterday's adventures!!: The weather was nice for the art awards  The opening of the show wa.. http://tinyurl.com/dxwn9a
Good morning. Weather are beautiful.  SUN
@minmouse Oh wow, talk about sods law. That's the good ole' British Weather for you. 
Weather is lovely, I'm headed home via supermarket. Planning to spend some quality time knitting tonight. 
@Hedgewytch We're English (well in parts), it's Weather, it IS an obsession 
@ginidietrich Weather reports of a week of upper 60s make me happy  Perfect running weather!
Humid Weather + Pesky Mosquitoes .. Please Snow, Malaysia. Move out of the Equatorial line!!  
Weather is good, sitting outside 
Satellite is back on    Storms almost over....
Weather's bloody great, i'm off to the beach for a walk 
Very laid back morning...   Weather is soooooo good!!!!
Weather is completely scuppering my plans, but actually, I think snuggling up under my duvet watch movies is right where I need to be 
Lads are all still in the bunch. Weather is horrendous. I'm thanking my lucky stars I'm in the car 
@PsychicVeg He is fine thx  Weather bn really hot &amp; weird last couple of days, but a nice cold wind has broken that. Humidity will suck 
http://twitpic.com/5f35d - Weather Bulletin for this week. Thank god we have internet to keep us happy 
Weather is bad. it's so boardddd . Just polish mu nails  xaxaxa
@Wendy_Weather Sunshine? Where? 
Perfect Weather Today~ 
@StormCestavani Your Cosmic Weather Forecast for May 18, 2009 is ready for you  http://bit.ly/v8k0P Excellent!
Morning! Weather is better today! Just straightening my hair 
@SpiritfireM Oh, I don't doubt it. It's okay.  Also, I need Cold Weather Flying.
Morning  Feels weird not going to school :/ Dont know what to do today. Weather don't look great but it's supposed to be warm this weekend
Have a great friday everyone! Weather is just so so but that won't stop me from enjoyin this wonderful day! 
Ah, a day off.  Weather rubbish though - won't be cutting the grass. Off camping at tea time - time to relax before then though.
@brendamoots no prob. I'm pretty resourceful if I have to be.....have a wonderful weekend. Weather should be fabulous! Good for riding 
Weather is beautiful. 
Weather's actually niiice right now 
morning world.Last day before the weekend, celbrating birthday, and lots of other stuff to day. Weather is great, hope it will a good day 
@HeyNiceSweater *waves back @ Sweater K*    Weather will be warming up soon.  You'll have to become Bikini Kelly (I hope).  ;)
