Most common words for this cluster:
[('weeks', 310), ('couple', 8), ('days', 8), ('day', 7), ('lol', 7), ('summer', 6), ('x', 5), ('week', 4), ('hours', 3), ('months', 3), ('miss', 3), ('busy', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'weeks', 0.9994403719902039), (u'months', 0.8647093772888184), (u'days', 0.8410018086433411), (u'week', 0.7159668803215027), (u'years', 0.6976786255836487), (u'month', 0.6574388146400452), (u'hours', 0.6374244689941406), (u'fortnight', 0.6118062138557434), (u'decades', 0.5456307530403137), (u'Months', 0.5187300443649292)]





@KendellRenee I will be down there in 3 weeks... but u will be gone  We need to catch up!
@DevinRiane It makes me sad to realize I haven't seen you in a couple weeks 
@jjn1 typo in first line 'so of us' - 'some of us'. Not being cheeky, just helpful. I'm still finding them in mine days or weeks later. 
i can't believe this cough!! i've had it for three weeks 
@melissamunson 1) I miss you tooooo! Only 5 more weeks. 2) I know they don't, but it still made me miss it 
i have so wasted my 2 weeks off  had fun and loved it but got so much work to do
Its not fair we only get 2 weeks! 
why can't easter be 3 weeks? 
2 weeks holiday soon over 
I can't believe it's already 3:40  these past 2 weeks have gone so slow
Trying to rethink the next few weeks and how a broken foot might affect my plans... 
Another lovely weekend over  and I've got to do a full 5 days at work this week, which will be a shock after the last 2 short weeks!
i hate it that i've had this stupid cough for THREE weeks!! leave me alone!! 
Just getting up (7.20) haven't been up this early in weeks., I don't like it 
busy again .. for next 2 weeks..  
must have bilinked, my 2 weeks off have just disapeared. 
I can has hometime? 5 day weeks suck 
its mondayyy  wanting these next 3 weeks to go by fasttt!
@boygrundy  It really does. I haven't seen or heard from her in almost two weeks.
still missing becca!  i feel like crying...this week hasn't been the best of weeks...
@ThisIsRobThomas I got laid of a couple of weeks ago 
That's in 3 weeks. 
I was sick for like 2 weeks  gluck
@ashleeadams boooo, i'm literally going in a couple weeks.  I'll be long gone when you get there 
scared watching 28 weeks later 
@Brokenhearts_x did you watch this weeks episode? it was sad. i cried 
Just lost all my pics from the last few weeks 
@GlobalPatriot haven't had wine in weeks 
@iheartbeans Hey.....  I know what you mean.. its been one of those weeks!!! ... im sorry...
I'm going to miss @alhakeem. 2 weeks, 2 weeks, 2 weeks, 2 weekssss! 
@AngelaPinjuh thank you! You're so sweet, I'm excited under the green screen of naseau  will be more excited in a few weeks when not sick
@Amzieebbz aww, i had to do that a few weeks ago, didn't enjoy it very much,  lmao. lol, :L x
after 2 weeks... i still remember everything 
@Noinaa 6 weeks for me 
@mileycyrus hey , i had a bird .. the same as your , but he died weeks ago 
up early waiting to take the hubs to work so he can leave for two weeks 
2 weeks at least to my prom 
@EmilyCiraolo this will definitly be one of the hardest weeks, lets try not to think of it till the last possible second though 
Really sad ADS is leaving me for three weeks now, not two 
Just heard I may have to work 6 day weeks for 6 months or so.  I'm tired as it is!
@mistakepro really we have like ..... three weeks to go  
right hand can't be used for at least 2 weeks, I'm even more disabled than normal 
@raquelaberakiki not so good  been hating the past 2 weeks actually
cleaning foreverrrr! hoping i find $400 cause i need that within 2 weeks. 
2 weeks left of school...4 weeks of work to do. 
It'll be 8 weeks since I last saw them 
i will not see my cat for six weeks 
@beccahurricane No you poor thing! So sick for three weeks. 
@carryfiasco ahh, i imagine they'll just have last weeks episode on there? i wish i had remembered about the new series 
I really want to go shopping but I still have a little over 3 weeks till I can go again 
All good news with the foot... But still NO driving for another 4 weeks 
is dreading having to start 3 massive assignments all due within 2 weeks 
Yay for you! =D i still have 2 weeks... 
@rogerlyn It's been weeks I think , that we haven't chatted !  I miss you
4 weeks.... 
5 day weeks 
@DineandDish So jealous. We still have two more weeks 
sooo tired ugh  but i am excited for the next 3 weeks 
@mileycyrus is that what they call it? haha...'cause pretty sure I've been dealing with that same issue the past few weeks 
Not going to eat for 2 weeks! Fucking fat. 
@robertmain its been 2 weeks since i shaved.. and i don't think you could even tell... 
@KIMP19 I know...  it's already been two weeks!
really ill again not been well for 2 weeks, i've got a bad viral infection. 
No... have to go on cruches next 2 weeks 
@dfizzy you're so lucky. we have 6 weeks until summer 
for about 3-4 weeks now i got 3 different pairs of strighters thinking they wasn't working, just realised it was on the lowest setting 
@kidcatastrophe so cool to hear you guys on 104.5! and i can't believe you in were cherry hill a few weeks ago and i missed it  come back
 no more brother for 2 weeks.....
@hillaryfrazier we ARE turning around and coming back! ...in two weeks 
@narnoura Ah, I am jealous already.  I'm coming in like 2 weeks. -.-
3 weeks  
Exams Galore the next 2 weeks! 
just tree weeks until I leave lincoln... 
just three weeks until I leave lincoln... 
@duhale it died a few weeks ago!! 
i am shocked and upset. this will take 500 weeks to get over 
@PierreJoye I'll try, but cannot promise... have been too much on the road for the last 5 weeks 
@TwitteringRav I've been trying to get you to play that for weeks 
@bubblegumneko I just got it! D: I'm not in good enough standing to invite you! It'll take a few weeks. 
I have so much marking to do - reports in two weeks 
@GallifreyReject my tweetdeck hasnt worked in 2 weeks 
@ChrisHall78 @logieo ah I'm busy busy these next two weeks! 
2 weeks till all i get is static 
I can't sleep.  I haven't been sleeping good for 2 weeks now. I hate it
@lulliecarole i dont know. and don't ask about it. i've been thinking all day! it's been 2  weeks i never use it again. i'm confused ulil 
Four weeks till it almost over  how depressing
@skiokko here it has been rainy and stormy for the past 3 weeks 
@lalalauraxo awh, i know how painful that is. mine did that like 2 weeks ago 
doesnt really want to go back to work  3 weeks off just isnt enough it seems!
2 weeks off and now back to the early mornings 
2 weeks 
summer break .. after 4 weeks  ... im soo tired
Is not looking forward to the next three weeks 
@joreeeeel last two weeks hot shot 
@VinceBognot I'm jealous. I've got like 4 more weeks to go 
@angeldanger the weathers been killing me since 2 weeks ago. i'm melting. 
@ladymaryann I have 6 more weeks.. 
sad cause her roomie is leaving for 8 weeks 
@Debalinalala I still have two weeks on placement 
torturing weeks uaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 
croydon the morra for 3 weeks 
Getting back into my workout... It's been weeks 
@mumbleguy Why?...  i was not sad for a weeks so i can be now
Looking forward to 90210 tonight! MIssed last weeks 
@joannaoh sad? awwwh lol...now im scared to see it!! I miss you i wish you were going to dfw in a couple of weeks too 
is room-mate-less for two weeks 
2 more weeks 
@GeeBears96 couple of weeks 
@eighteyes right now it is short I wacked it off about 12 weeks ago and I am missing it 
@burbujaspy aaw @jennettemccurdy used to follow me, but she unfollowed me a few weeks ago 
is having to survive without a capo for a few weeks... 
@emilyftw i miss you toooooo. ive been so busy the past couple weeks 
@ianwalker I still haven't worked out who to vote for yet  it was all so clear just a few short weeks ago.
@Mrs_T_2U we will encourage each other to keep going!!! I haven't run in about 2 weeks 
starting to feel quite depressed, it will be better when I can go home but that is two weeks away 
the movers will be here in 3 weeks.  
@alexisamore I  slacked off with that for like 2 weeks now... been too busy 
 jaden is gone for two weeks
@sarei I hope I wake up early for that! I've missed the last 2 weeks 
@inasad  few more weeks
@meleeG I don't think so.. we just have like 2 weeks... he is going to goo... 
i think this is my last update/s. for now busy i 'am busy to my 2 weeks training. 
@mmitchelldaviss, It's been 3 weeks since your last video. 
Hey guys! I'm so bored, I've been sick for like 2 weeks 
argh!  no bzr-nightlies in the past weeks  
@lbluemm 6 weeks  I am soooo sad
28 weeks later...massive diappointment for me 
@erkpod a couple of weeks ago. 
This weeks gone soooo quick  !! Weeks off are great though!
It has been 3 weeks since I graduated and no interview calls  [sigh]
@mommy_holly ah! so jealous. that was me a few weeks ago 
@robotmichelle I don't think she has even checked it in weeks. 
@rustyrombones I haven't talked to you in what two weeks?  i miss you... &lt;3
Aw, he's leaving now...see you in three weeks 
2 weeks and 4 days....so tired of studying 
@_youcantdecide_      Two weeks?!
it is still not here and it has been two weeks.......  T-T
been so exhausted for the past three weeks  so occupied.
Realizing I'm sooooo unprepared for the next few weeks/months 
craving cupcakes. I haven't had one in almost 2 weeks 
@satinephoenix miss you  not going to see you for weeks 
@FiberDeviant dude! you like @ochateabar ? too cool! we haven't been in a few weeks...  
After weeks and weeks of avoiding the flu, I have finally failed. Officially sick 
@catyamaria : I thought it's been far too nice over here for the last few weeks. That's our summer over, then 
what happened to last weeks weather 
i haven't seen him for 6 weeks now.. i miss him so bad. 
-- Catching up on last weeks Greys... I miss when it was awesome 
 2 weeks!!!!
@hethur240  i thought he was staying for 2 weeks?
maybe i can't twitting for 2 weeks..so long twitter 
bye twittie  maybe i'll twitting again 2 weeks from now on
Yay for me. I get to wait 2.5 more weeks before I know if I am pregnant or not. 
@TiffMillz I have 3 weeks left. 
doesn't get to see her bf for 7 weeks and won't be able to talk to him for 4 weeks! omg 
@chesshirecat I know! it's killing me! i went about two to three weeks without being able to ride the bike to work 
@lordtrilink I know....3 weeks! It was the same last summer too 
Everything I was excited about in the next few weeks possibly just came crashing down around me 
101 hours worked in 2 weeks...and it's not the end yet 
@meganandliz I'm sooooooooooooooooooo jealous LOL! Two more weeks for us.. 
oowwww !  @LoraEnfield I pulled one a few weeks ago &amp; still not better 
my little one is gone for several weeks; woke up with the urge to check on him and he wasn't there 
ugh, @alroker says in the past 2 weeks, we've had 12 days of rain. rainiest spring ever 
@ashleyecarr that is horrible  I will give you a bunny in 6 weeks?
hayfever-y, which is terribly unfair as i haven't been outside for several weeks 
need to be working.. 2 weeks of break is too long 
has another 3 weeks of mono 
Tons of planning--less than 2 weeks  so sad
@JuicyJenBunnick it does indeed! Its gayyyyyyyyyy!!! lmao ugh 2 weeks of 6 day weeks! 
I miss my cellular. It's been two weeks. 
@AntonioPierce 12 weeks?  you mean we have to suffer through 12 more weeks without Giants football????  
@KavenB 12 weeks?! That;s long!  WE only get 8 weeks  .. that's kinda long too! hah. R u still coming up 2 c me? lol
@homehooked she will be after she has surgery. takes 6-8 weeks to recover. it's so sad seeing her not able to walk 
I miss him, 5 more weeks to go 
just got out of bed, I haven't slept well in weeks 
I miss my mooney mix  ...can't wait to see her in just 2.5 weeks!!
Why is it when you know you have a vacation planned it seems to be forever away when its just a few weeks? 
@chivas88 4 more weeks for me 
@tina_c_oermann I hope the 2 weeks will completly heal it. I know it will be hard on him to sit out for 2 week. 
4 mile run.  took 3 days off...may as well have been 3 weeks. slow and painful.  #elb_tri
Ugh .. I hate how chelsey is leaving to oregan for like 2 weeks! She's so gaaay! 
still working on mobile17. it's going to be a long next few weeks.  http://mobile17.com
boo! no driving for 2 more weeks! even worse no pool for 4 more weeks! 
@ngowers tweetdeck has been crashing on me for weeks 
@epicpetwars so what's up with 1.41??been like two weeks and no update 
@pinkjellybaby I know that feeling. I've eaten so well for the last two weeks and the weight's just not going down!! 
4 Assignments due within the next 3weeks. 
I'm having an exame in 3 hours. I defenetly won't pass it. There are 8 more in 3 weeks 
Has had tonsillitus for 2 weeks! 
@keza34 aint had a lessong in 2 - 3 weeks as been in college 5days a week  lol
Enjoying the last weeks of holidayzz...another 3 weeks and im off to college.. 
@molten_emotion They left for a few weeks but now they're back. 
@BrendenStevens brendo noooooooooooooooooooo!  howww on earth could you not get it off... it's been weeks!?
@xgoyuukix really? woow I always thought we're the last one to have summer break.. we have it in 3 weeks for 5 weeks, only 
which means i dont go to austin for another 2 weeks   
really needs a vacation!!! it will be a few weeks! 
my david has officially left and will be gone for the next two weeks,,, these 2 weeks are gon' be long ones..    what is it? crying time?
@clarasdiary i'm sick since 3 weeks 
no its thurs already! th weeks goin 2 fast 
@shabbychicky found mine a few weeks after 29 
I cannot believe 3 weeks is almost up, this is so depressing 
@annemcfly Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh. I still have 2 weeks to go!! 
2 weeks and 3 days til i can walk again!!!  so excited but not looking forward to weeks of physical therapy 
3 weeks 
@OMGxRosario nooo  ill have it in 2 weeks or so..
it seems like it has been raining 4 the past 2 weeks 
@106andpark I emailed you guys for tickets 3 weeks ago and no replyyy 
@LabbadiaSisters its been raining for the past 2 weeks. i hate it 
@escubi23   i was there a couple weeks ago wishing we could have 2 weeks off before the recital...now that it's over i miss it like crazy
@sigmamakeup i wont know for two weeks to see who the winner is, i'll be away  
@urbanflowrchild I feel you I'm havin one of those weeks too 
I've been shot down for another few weeks! 
@RebeccaMasters last 24 hours together for over 2 weeks. 
two weeks 
uggg !!!! i'm getting braces in 2 weeks!!!!! 
@mckeay been having the same issue for weeks 
Isn't gunna see her love for three weeks. 
It's been 3 weeks since she's been gone 
Its been almost three weeks 
i'm going to miss jaks for 3 weeks 
I have been mean these past few nights (weeks?) -- sorry. 
@SeanyPrawny haha , what to do ? i have only 2 weeks left 
is about to do her three weeks worth of ironing she has been putting off 
Off to the funeral  how sad is this...2 funerals in 3 weeks! Ugh!!!
going to be gone for 2 weeks 
going on 2 weeks since ive been in the hospital....i miss my kittys! 
I've been sick for 3 or 4 weeks, it's horrible! 
leaving to work at the camp for 7 weeks  aughhh
@2hot2handle06 you aint never lie. I was supposed 2 be going to cali in a few weeks but I can't now 
@privatestudmuff unfortunately so  2 weeks ain't enough anymore, 4 weeks sounds better 
@claudiamcfly 2 weeks. 2 very short weeks  hbu?
exhausted. i've been tired for weeks. 
so PISSED roxie is moving to florida in two weeks    fuck!
2 weeks more to pass out! but i dunno where i'll be heading to... 
@KaySunshine I know, I'm sorry.    I've been sick for like 2 weeks or so.    I'll try to get on that...by Mondayish.  lol
I really miss her  it's been like three weeks since I saw her
@peacelovinamber I'll miss you  its going to be like 2 whole weeks without being supercrazy!
@_alexarockss 3 weeks 
I don`t like to continue anymore!  Four more weeks of weekly summary 
is really not looking forward to the next 4 weeks  
is starting to feel a little worried about next weeks op 
is hubby-less for the next 2 weeks 
@PAATCH...Patch! Last 2 weeks? 
@LadyLeet I miss you too!!! Still have to wait a few more weeks. 
@gregorylent He's been #GFWd for weeks now 
@garrynewman Do you actually have it yet? I don't get mine for another couple weeks 
i think ive been capped. that really sucks. cannot watch any videos for the next 2 weeks or so. probably no blogtv either 
working in optical for 2 weeks 
@jadegutis 2 weeks if she's approved 
@beckag boooo  we'll miss uuuu!! few more weeks til Twicon though ;)
@paulavaleria I actually don't know yet  I will think about it the next two weeks.
@lilandtedsmum I know  can last for 2 weeks hope it's gone soon!!
@ALYbxtch  I'm excited and I'm leaving you for 2 whole weeks 
about to get my second medical in two weeks. This had better be my last 
i am missing my cat he has been missing for 3 weeks now 
@jesskarrr haha.  but you still get 2 weeks holidays
doesn't feel like twittering much, and hasn't been in the past few weeks... ah 
@HelloBritta I wish I could! But I have to go away for two weeks during convention and can't get out if it. 
Less than 2 weeks left 
@kenyonluke around about mid may for 3 weeks 
Birthdayy in 2 weeks 
3 weeks 6days to prom  i cant wait 
is looking forward to the weeks ahead 
It should be 8 weeks, not 4.  Aiming a little too high there me thinks 
three more weeks to go 
will be in zante in 12 weeks, 
Wow so it's starting to really sink in how much will change in just two weeks and counting so excitednervousanxiousexcited  
i have easter eggs  two weeks late but still, chocolate 
had nan here so went back to bed and just had fabulous lie in .... first in 8 weeks 
Caliburns 5 and 6 are ready for upload in the next two weeks 
@mfmakichen I watch it every few weeks. It never gets old. 
can't wait til summer. Only a few more weeks. 
is so excited about moving in 2 weeks 
i've been tanning 3x the past two weeks and i love it 
3 more weeks and im free 
Planning next weeks @youtube video! 
just read this weeks PostSecrets 
Ahh about two weeks of long lies  x
is excited about audtions in a few weeks. 
going to sleep. 3 weeks 
2 more weeks and that's it  i can do it i can do it!! xD
1 day down, 4 weeks to go 
... At least on alternate weeks. 
it will be one of those weeks 
2 weeks and a day 
@BigAssBadger I have a blind to trim and fit... I've been contemplating it for weeks, luckily 'er indoors has forgotten it too 
@peterjohnston you'll see me in 2 weeks anyhoo  x
I pretty much moved to newquay for the past two weeks... its been the best time i've had in months  x
@tatirijillo Sure is! I leave in 2 weeks! 
got back from rehearsals... recording in two weeks  can't wait ^^
@Njzkiid690 misssssingg my seniors!!!!! &lt;3 only 2 more weeks for me!! lol 
Two more weeks bitches... Two short weeks... 
3 weeks &amp; counting!! 
the past few weeks, and most of them are good enough 
