Most common words for this cluster:
[('week', 1044), ('month', 168), ('weeks', 86), ('weekend', 80), ('year', 79), ('summer', 76), ('lol', 66), ('na', 57), ('oh', 57), ('days', 49), ('u', 49), ('day', 48)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'week', 0.7330454587936401), (u'month', 0.628628134727478), (u'@_kiranchetrycnn_@', 0.6281035542488098), (u'Ding_dang', 0.6200876235961914), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.6186349391937256), (u'day', 0.613072395324707), (u'ANDY_RODDICK_Yeah', 0.612946629524231), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.6121023297309875), (u'ROBERT_BLAGOJEVICH', 0.6113738417625427), (u'PAUL_GOYDOS', 0.6102599501609802)]





im going 2 bed nowww - surprising??? Not rly, i have school 2morow, thats right, my spring break days r over 
@josordoni yeah it was good news, a y combinator interview next week! dunno bout the oyster, will just suck it up I guess 
okay bbs &lt;3 does anyone know where i can get info on how night clubs in L.A. cost? i wanna rent one out next year please  I'll invite yall
it's mums birthday, im glad she likes her pressies. i'm looking forward to party time later this week, but sad im not going to cornwall 
@NathnaelB I would love to be ill next week dude... but no pay 
@moony394 LOL ugh that's so ominous, i hope i don't have to cry over idol this week too. fox hates me 
@melaniengzuer haha! nah! no more. i go back twice a month. the bus tickets too expensive already 
one more week till pay day  wheres my stimulus package mr rudd??
is having the worst springbreak ever! and the worst part, it's only tuesday MORNING  this is going to be a looong week.
@francesdanica aww. i want one too.  baka next week. hahaha!
april use to be my fav. month 
@demiprassas i knowww it ALWAYS happens like every week. damn. i'll see you regular time on monday 
doesnt want to leave nathan for a week  but i know it will probably be for the better.
@joeynigro sounds good man.. i have to write like 3 papers.. 2 this weekend and one during the week.. kinda sux  i don't have much time
hates having $7,000 in the bank and not being able to get to it until tuesday, so is broke a effing weekend!!!  
@InThisCity I hear ya! I'm at about 1000. It was due in weeks ago. 
@DaveSoul you're the 2nd person this week that I know of who's gotten their window smashed 
working her first sunday in like a year 
@friskyradio I know... But don't be jealous! I'm in bs as  boooooo... I'll be there next week to play in the freak party :p
@tysonisepic aw god tyson, i missed you last night. we went to the park  lol. hm had an interesting week/weekend, i'll tell you about  ...
@poppetshop that's the second ipod i've heard went crazy this month! 
omygosh end of holidays  maths exam tomorrow!! :/ and a billion othes all week- okay about six , but stilll ahh
wow,what a night!! ill post pics later,need to go back to bed but my 7 month old wont let me 
@lownleeeynjul yeah ending up with a million photos is a nightmare. i had them all over my desktop last week  took me hours to sort
catching up on all the tv i missed this week, waiting for the 'rents to get here and take a bunch of my shit back home. 
i think i shall head for a walk.needs 2 b long as hav put 3 pounds back on  lots of exercise next week 2 mek up 4 fuk all this week!!!!!!!
@solbutterfly ew it just occured to me that it's in september. when it's a 1000 degrees here  i guess the tshirts will be tanks this year
@twiLightxsmiLey me to  i think i cry every week cuz i'm scared my dreams will never come true ,it may sound stupid but ...
back to varsity tomo  urg... yet another long week
has left far too much stuff to do in the last week of hols... woops! Only 25 days left of 2nd year 
on holiday for the next week, it sucks, i'm gonna have to go a week without my bf 
@ComedyQueen lmfao unlucky  i no they do and when they over u have a lonnng summer haha
extremely tired. it's been a long week. sooooo not excited to go back to work tomarrow.  
@_MissE_ ooh ok, i txted you a zillion times this weekend  I am soo over our phone. i talked them in to moving the anniversary date.
I haven't quit coughing since I was sick. I gotta find out the deal; this is almost two weeks now since I was 100% healthy. 
started writing some music again... woohoo! unfortunately it will be a busy week, so not sure how much more I'll be able to do soon 
@x_zouz yes. sorry  i havent slept all week... sort of
ha ha lol movin house this weekend and my last week at priory sckool   i feel so sad
@richardbranson this just sucks  please say that there wont be rain next week
fairly uneventfull weekend  glad to see that @dunkywife has become a twit lol well done to @aplusk for reaching 1 mil 1st
I am upset bc my hubby will be gone all week for work 
oh lord this week will be uberstressful 
@tommcfly good luck for your tour!! i really wish to come to the uk to watch but atm getting ready to go through a month of o'level hell 
There's a reason they call the week before a show hell week - the tension can feel like hell 
Ahh, just took a dumb shower  I don't wanna go to school  have to write a dumb paper and taks is next week ;_;
school tomorrow  but i get study leave in 2 weeks  which means my french speakings in 2 weeks :'( oh this sucks
@reneebarriault  I hear ya. At least we're going to have crappy weather for the first part of the week
@BinaryTweedDeej oh, welcome to my world. I've been fighting this problem for over a week now. It's not 100% fixed yet either 
needa get in 2 the swing of revisin...but the weathers so damn gud...same evry year 
i think my boobs shrank since i lost all that weight last week ... *looks down* ... 
@SimonPainter  yeah tell me about it whats worse is I have to go back for a month next week, she is so going to smother me 
just got though watching heroes i'm kinda sad that next week is the season finale. now i have nothing to look forward on mondays 
@idolnews i was glad they saved matt but i jave a feeling hes going home this week 
@LackyAnnie I had to send my xbox in for repair and my nephews got my dvd player so i havent had anything but basic cable for over a week 
german test on tuesday next week.. gotta pull up my socks and go through 3 lektions over the weekend.. the grammar is killing me 
doesnt want to leave newport next week 
@velociraptorz  i'm sorryy! next week will be my hell when it is 85 degrees and I am studying for ochem!
@djmobeatz Not dressed for it  ill be out next week tho
@Kelly_StrayCat cool, yeah he said to talk with you on what I can do...next week when this launch is over it is back to normal 
nono bay yet week over now 
hamthrax? so that's it's new name? ps. pretty fukin sure i have some kind of virus, whether or not the pigs are responsible!  bad week
has been to wales all week *yawn* boring 
@Daneomite I wish - gotta play to win and I was so busy this week I forgot to play 
@Kogenre crap, im a week out on the geek meet ?  i guess i have been quite distracted the past week, doh #kilaumeet
oh my god i have two tests next week 
I want to talk to him so bad, He said He woulden't be a skool for the next week butHeDidn'tTellMeWhy. and hes moving 
i ate a whole week's worth of carbs in one night. crap. 
@AlwaysMiley omg ikr =( she was seen a few days ago looking sick, maybe it might be a week thing 
@grey_area yep happened to two of my friends last week....so much for high security 
@HaileyCobb alrighty babe. We'll catch up soon enough! This is our last month as roomies  I think we need to have a par-tay this month
@latinadanie wow #4!  this ones only 4 mo., but then he leaves again in oct or jan for 6 months 
@sarah_cawood a Shnauzer! I have 2. I did have three but my wee one passed away last year 
@dnclvr  nah  .... i'm not dancin much this summer tbh.. havin a baton summer.. again... its thee only time i get a chance...
@Tommyrob oh nice, do you like it? And not really just a week ago we got rid of our snow!! 
off until tuesday whoo hoo        but then got two weeks of school non stop 
When are we going bowling again? We should do that shit like once a week lol or u boys should include me more 
I hate to make everyone sad but I dont think i'm gonna be on very much this week 
I am in such a good mood right meow!! super excited for summer, gotta get thru hell week though 
@mcosaurus lots of stuff to do, assignment to finish, massive week next week. i have no time for myself let alone anyone else.  ok now.
@Caraandclo But you probly caught it off me during the week anyway  sorries!
lost my fucking belly bar! it just fell off    fiddlesticks [new word for the week]
@kesouthall belfast is good. nice and sunny. currently making a blogging plan for the week. office on a sunny sunday? 
@louise_hendy /depression. I want last week back 
@liz_azyan know what u mean about missing fighting; really enjoyed fighting last week after months off, just a shame I messed my hand up 
omg, a week since the summit, i can't believe it..... 
@nessie111 nah am there all week next week, and week after  as got to catch up on cw, but i will tweet in class lol
@tropikana girl alot better! ive been sick as hell all week and somebody gave me some antibiotics i was allergic too so its been all bad 
Next week is my bday &amp; it better be pretty f*ing amazing to compensate this upset. 
but not this sunday...next. stupid finals are raining on my parade allllll week 
just left BHam  @least the coach doesn't smell fishy this time tho! Thanks 4a sikk night out as always gyals, rd 2 in a few weeks yeah? ;)
Lol ive been sick  this whole week feels like im getting worse then better!! 
Oh yes, now it's even closer... I'm gonna hate next week 
watching the tivo'd survivor from last week....sad that tyson is gone  he was hilarious
ha school tomorrow ewww. didnt do anything this weekend and it was so relaxing but i  have 3 exams this week 
@_tira i know  lol, she'll get mad, hopefully theyll have more? not sure, im on book 2 week 2 and a half?
@japhun yeah you are so excited coz next month u'll be on holiday 
after one week holiday off to work---hahaha 
HOT tommorow here in vegas  suppose to hit 100 b4 the end of the week.  I will be soakin up ac in 75 degrees  in my crib 4 the next week
@Sildar22 moin dar!aaaaa ... what's up??? why are you feeling lost?  wish you a good start into the new week!!!
So, I'm pretty sure I have waaaay too much to do this week   ...hope I make survive!!!
cant sleep  terrible timing too since its finals week and all
jess wants us to sleep in seperate beds until summer is over 
I'm so in love with my sexy boi craig &lt;3, had the most amazing weekend with him this weekend, only seeing him again in 2 weeks, boo hoo 
just commenced another working week with brainless assholes! 
can't believe it's rainin on my week off  xxx
@Countesscupcake awe yum.. i'm a bit useless this week, on contract by day, class by night, off nth on the weekend .. do they freeze? 
@RobUsdin yeah, I do that every week too.  Especially those marketers. 
@jj1590 who u tellin........this rain sucks and its suppose to be like this all week 
@rgdiaz oh my gosh...not a great way to start the week 
suspended and thats 4 a week if he gets in trouble one more time he'll b expelled which iz tha rest of tha school year 
@mojustice R re-ed prgrm lost 1 ths week 2 detention facility  we couldnt get through 2 him. I'll be surprised if he's alive in 5 yrs. ...
Why do I get my feelings hurt so easily?  having an awful week. I wish I was w my fam.
oh I think I'm getting sck  not good, big assessment week coming up
@LCPromotions cause I'm a broke mofo, thats why! There's great shows lined up this summer but I'm on a tight budget. 
@torilovesbradie lol, its been in my head for about a week now. its too bad u cant come to the vid  x
@ludwigw wed i think... but im not keen to go during the week  we'll have to see it on diff nights..
a new week. i feal like shit, i look worst. 
@charliebhoy you still feeling the pain ? not looking fwd to work this week  but still think we'll do it
g'morning. today consists of watching the last shipwrecked episode this year  and revising ict...yeah. 
@madz_xo @mollygollygosh ohhh I wish I could! I have to go to school though  which is unlucky because it's  my last week...shame
@miss_paula I missed it once, and she used it as ammunition to win an argument or make me feel guilty for a year 
A series of exams over the next month  Its just so super, duper fun!
oh hey @ladygaga is on rove next week. I wish she wasn't touring with the pussysluts. I really want 2 see her live 
yay lady gaga is going to be on rove next week that's as close as im going to hewr concert haha lol  xx
okay. cool. i'm sorry i'm projecting, it's been a very long week  @trekkerguy
Turns out... I'm still gonna have driving sessions for the rest of my summer until the 21st. This is so tiring. 
work days this week boo. don't like gettin up that early. 
@boomdelirium sorry i meant on msn! expo isnt for a couple of week, but i feelabit funny about that cause of money 
@agent_alice totally poor this month we had to pay out some wedding stuffs 
@sophia164 k, sometime late this week coz i'm sick at the moment.  dm me your number, i'll txt you
is watching tv, when he really should be doing his planning, for the coming week 
I bought my 226 brush from mac after a month of trying to find it now the are selling on ebay for 15.50 crazy.  
anticipating montreal!   no more shopping for a month 
@TheRealJordin omg i remember last summer u came to T.O with jesse for a tour and i won a meet and greet with you &amp; i got lost 
@Bvictor woah, that's one hell of a drive! You get to stay for a week though - thats much better than 2 days 
ew... i have to go to school  this week end kinda sucked
@JessieLynne LOL I need to drive there this week with a butt load of boxes. I don't wanna drive by my self 
ready for next week I guess; off on Tues. still working on grad apps  starting another diet; trying to get shit straight so we can move!
@koriannespeaks In liek a month. 
@MissLariza yeah a week and somethin' ago. haha 
@allconsuming ?? I thought you only got the 'full monty access' only last week or so ?  Changed their mind, did they?  
@orblivion haha...oops.  even if it is next week, i'll miss it, thanks to my dress rehearsal.  
@BrighyDidge uni tonight  urgh. i only have next week left tho of classes ! yippeeee !!!!!!!
how can I be this sleepy? This week is too much  #fb
@VirtueIMC oh no...that sucks!  I'll be there next week to cheer them on!
@bizzylittlebee trying to get time off for a conference this weekend but because its my second last week in this job my boss wont let me 
@JamesRandom ikr! and I'll have to wait another week until russian sites have this ep! 
Next week is the last week before final EXAMS in school!!! tht means after exams summer vaca but no more grade 5!         
...have to go to my internship again now =((... oh man i have to do alot of aful ork these days 
skool now  huge day.... 3 tests/quizzes, project due tuesday, cat wait til its summer (Y)
BOOOOOOOOORED! i hav been ill for a month now.. gettin kinda lonely! 
is mad cause i cnt go 2 prom saturday..  its alright tho its just my junior year..most definitly goin my senior year..wouldnt dare miss it
@crooneybrowne will email when I have half a clue - probs not for a month yet. Totally slammed right now - uni, realwork, boat etc nuts 
I know there has been a bit of delay between episodes, unfortunately the real world crept in  2 episodes being edited &amp; upload next week
just had to change the hair appointment I had booked for tomorrow morning... and now I have to wait another *week* cos my guy isn't there 
i haven't been on in a week :l  sorry guys
@omegahack no it isn't! I sent you a sammich yesterday and enchiladas earlier this week!  you left-over hater! 
oh great. i have 1 text left to last me a week. and i used all my minutes upppp  i'm sad.
@musojosh how'd the gig go? so sorry i didn't make it -  was fading fast yesterday arvo...was a big week  
wishes for every week whole court  http://plurk.com/p/ua2ep
@TayJones great trip one YEAR ima go with u a summer not this one 
@SteffNasty gotta wake up early to study i have 4 finals next week 
blah blah blah just another long week of homework and work... It's only the beginning 
hates the 4th bangungot (nightmare) for the week. Always out of breath after waking up.  http://plurk.com/p/uavdz
@withapickle i've neglected his podcast for the past.... 10 weeks? oh dear. needs to bring russell back. 
@meganjay100 i know june is gunna be hard. i think the last easy chance we had was laast week. its so easy to meet them its just mum 
just when ass over tit over a chair one of the kids left int he stair well... fucking simpsons moment for the week 
@Firequacker hiya - yes i have rebooted and it still isnt right - wondering what is wrong as it was working a couple of weeks agon 
ive gotta go to sleep now  cos school ewww. i think i have my half yearlies this week
Going back to work 2moro after a week off. Not looking forward to it  know it's going to be the usual crap.
is layed up in the bed thinkin bout tommy, thinkin bout next weekend, and how next year i might not see any of my friends again! 
@troubledblondie yeah F THAT! no more up do's till next week when we have a wedding party 
@ColdHearted19 ooo will watch out for itt, final auditions next week 
i really don't wanna go to school tmrw  but only 2 more weeks  i cant wait for summer!!!
is afraid bejeweled and tetris are going to be blocked next week 
@BoogiesWorld so 1 week...cant wait and u definitely missed me totally gone last night 
can't believe i'll be 21 in a week  goodness me. on the upside, started watching survivor:tocatins...
gettin dressed for school  I think I finish @ lunch though so thats gd....5 days left then 1 week break and then finish for summer june11!
bored  and tired. and ill. and have exams all week. not good  i'm so glad i'm seeing cobra saturday to make up for the shit week  &lt;333
erm. honestly yes, it means im gonna miss the kids for a week, get back and then they are on hols with grandparents for a week 
alright..only a week left...so sad 
@rosiej i have to watch home &amp; away on youtube cos aus are two weeks ahead of us 
@willtomsett a whole week?! oh no! we'll miss our will 
@karinb_za we are down to our last R100 - payday is fri. Pls pray no surprises this week *sigh*  I hate this.
following geo peeps I won't have the chance to meet this year #where20 and #wherecamp I really envy u all attendees 
Ugh no summer for me, classes start today  and idk when my classes are. @starbucks.
@maria_cf no nothing, aparently i have at least another week to wait 
in my livingroom lying on the couch - might have to stay off all week  xx
Nothing like swiping your transpass on the bus and realizing u never bought a new one for the week smh. This is so going to be a bad day 
its raining in brisbane for the first time since april. and its supposed to rain all week...both   and   !!!
it's going to be a slow week justin says 
Feels like shit ran over twice this morning 
this sucks im in miami and it's going to rain like all week! 
@amalita @momneedstherapy - you are both on the sad kitty roller coaster this week 
finals this week and then summer....i'm gonna miss everyone!!! 
@feelouise yeah i know!! i'm having nicky withdrawls, didnt get 2 see the match last week either 
@jessiexbessie then i'm not gonna see you for another week  sad day. i had stuff to talk with you about too!
met lady gaga today, v cool chick! off to brisbane yet again...but last time for a month. 
sooo shattered!! havent slept properly in a week 
oh it's just a first single, album not out yet...one month 
@souljaboytellem damn itsz been 1 week since u was last here  lol  dat day was hella bomb lol do u still want da picsz
@mikerubylux Have you got any street gigs next week (can't come on 31st  ) ?  Some advance notice would be helpful!
Morning! Its a very wet one in manchester and to make it worse ive got no food in for breakfast  oh well! At least its the weekend!
3rd week being sick   no fun at all
hmmm. no good movies this week 
OH: fml 3rd absence of the week, being this sick sucks, I was planning on going today  http://tinyurl.com/o3tzjr
last day in college for a week today woo, a week of sleep ins and jeremy kyle! shame i gotta work all weekend 
@JungleJayne7 haha, the reason that i'm &quot;vegetarian&quot; this week is b/c when i went to the store, i just didn't buy any meat b/c of $ 
@GreenerCity sorry I couldn't make it this week  How did everything go? I bet it was awesome...
what a shitty week this has been, and what will the universe throw at me next week? ack. 
@katemthompson Must be nice I haven't seen the sun in over a week... it has rained non stop in north florida. 
one week down. 4 more days to go. im so tired boo 
about to proofread paula's paper and email it to her. last essay of the year. after next week my baby is a senior! 
@mauramora naaaww, me still heading final exams next month  bummer! ah yea we are so broke ergh -__-
Yikes! My health insurance is going up 65 bux per month! 
@jbmcdlts bk over for the concert the next week, i wish i could of flown out for that on the friday, but couldnt cause of work 
im sad. i want it 2 be summer! well it is only the rest of the week and next but i have FINALS 2! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! 
@dukesofdaville so you changed the date?! okay.  you'll have them this week. no luck recovering the laptop 
@MONKSIES Really!? THen he must be two-timing us bc I've been feeling his effects all week 
wich is in 2 wks yay! then fall semester...... 
omg last official day of senior year...tomorrow: chillin' and one exam 
I wish I was going to the live diggnation in nyc next week. 
Shit I spend so much money this month  I'm gonna have to work like so much this summer to compensate and save
@rika_01 yea im getting sat the 20th off..so i was planning that weekend..the guys are there during the week is harder to get the days 
btw, just started following @BaylorStudents, @buLariat, &amp; @BaylorScience ;) too cute. and mine&amp; @whitericepanda's 8 month is offish over 
the week just wasnt the same without an adam lambert performance!!! 
gosh... summer vacation is almost over here at the philippines.. kinda sad..  i wonder what section will i be in?
Loving lil ken and absolutely dreading saying goodbye in less than a week 
i dont have my iphone until maybe next week! 
castlebar doesnt have 3d so im going to galway to see the jb 3d movie but that could be next week or the one after that 
@vickybonnett lmao! a good push up bra always makes the abs look smaller. in order to have Robbikin-esque abs.. 6 days a week working out 
@ismh i don't have anything being fwd through to mobileme and the last week i've gotten at least 4 -5 spam messages a day 
@iamdiddy I need a hug  I'm doing my junior cert this week and I'm totally stressed out :'(
My peeps is coming from chi*twn today for the weekend to hang w me and i dont have any time  always workin!
Dangit...cuz of this weather the house painting is going to be dragged out till next week. 
@xnicoleex_ yeah sorry i was busy last night  ill try and go next week!
@xolotl ohhh ok. so like, it's more frustrating? I had my hands on a 3g iphone last week but it was upgraded so i couldn't unlock it 
working allllllllll weekend..how thrilling..and i have to say bye to goshy on sunday cause she is leaving for poland for 3 months 
@simplysinister that sucks  I seriously hope you feel better soon, you need to come over next week!!!
@stephxrawr ehhh no. just a check up. I have a dentist app next week though. getting my molar pulled/root canal. 
@KeytaJ yeah...she passed last week.  so sad!
@rolyseal oh  il probs do wt i do every yaer watch the first one then watch the last couple of weeks lol
@mmsanwar I hate how I won't see you ever again and especially next week because I won't have anyone to go yum cha with 
i didnt get paid this week  roll on tuesday 
The only thing about preparing 5 sermons in one week is just when you think you are done...you have to prepare the powerpoint slides 
@lizzieIsCool meh, i feel fine now, it was crazy 10 minute sickness session, but now i'm hungry again 
gots my beathing suit that i ordered from victoia's secret. but i have to exchange the bottoms, so i have to wait another 2 weeks 
@MrBenzedrine you got your lion hoodie!! mines still a week or so away  what number is yours?
I really really really dont want to go to work! 4th shift of the week just to start over on sunday 
@john_370 i thought he was off until next week...i think we have another week to do his ohmygod please tell me with have another week 
Is anyone else having problems following and unfollowing peeps? For me this has gone on for over a week! 
@Shangstavic ill come to the shop in like an hour. i need to get a pedicure but i dont have time today  probably next week tho!
@KelseyJ_xo  hey chick u alryt u at dads tmoro we sud do sumin aen like last week we neva dun oot this week lol  missed you ha bye hun xxx
@TheMonkeyBoy I never get them and the hubby is due in next week.. &lt;cries&gt; hope its gone by then 
@selenagomez do u ever answer ur fans on here?? i wish u would. i have a question i've been wanting to ask u for months 
still no date for bon iver next week 
@KimSherrell maybe its because my computer committed suicide this week, but your &quot;faves&quot; link wont load 
@HeatherShorter i should keep better stock supply. sorry about your crap week 
Last normal week of  ms  played super monkey ball
@texas_suguhh  ill be back as soon as possible i would b on my ipod but my dad took it away for a week 
Shed sooo many tears this week 
@kboomr  damn, wish this was your week with monday off, then lazerfest wouldnt be a problem 
@oneriver nah not till the fall, they're working on a new record right now.  assholes
@lisa_g ahhh lucky you... I don't for the next like month but my position requires me to work them often  oh well c'est la vie
my shoulder hurts  back from the city, sorta repeated what i did last week.
BIGGEST regret of the week: didn't get to meet selena gomez and she was like so close 
@CathyNG yea i know ive been doing soooo much work since last month like nonstopping... havent touched any revision besides having tests 
@rubymaree haha no worries, ill prob be up early tomorrow anyway-but no cred til next week though  sounds fun! have a good night babe 
Put our 16 yo beagle to sleep today after a two-month health battle. 
@ng_noah I have to some stuff usually in the early morning of my weekend 
@AbbeyMatibag dad will tell me not to use it for like a month again  character limit sucks.
@twobeerqueers mahalo for the #followfriday love! have a great time in maui this week! MAIBOCK!!! 
poor car is sick.  something is wrong with the battery. i might not be able to bring it to school next week. gah, reg week pa naman! &gt;.&lt;
@CrazyBallerina can't. my sal wont be in until next week 
@RachelxD next week :|. I don't know how I'm going to learn 50 questions...ny brain might implode 
@godless_fibber I miss dancing!  I used to go every week. Ah, youth.
@teleken oh shit, that sucks.  i had a migraine for like two days last weekend 
ok, so got some of the outfit for forthcoming wedding, more shopping this week me thinks! But for now... marking 
@DJSTUPAC  dont look like imma be able to make it. im moving this week so funds are super tight. very sad behind that too 
@mfhorne aww gutted i won't be back in belfast til next week  where is this little disco?
@gabbyelyse ew, imm sorry. We better hang out before you leave me for a month and a half 
A-kon is in dallas this week and i forgot all about it. so i'm @ work missing all the anime 
@SarahG8s i dunno my rents are ina mood atm cause i havent been revising this week so i will have to see, i dont think so tho 
@LeeGoesMwah oh noes!  I haven't been able to turn mine on in a week 
- grr you've changed. i don't like it. you haven't called me momo in a week 
@lrainc yeah, its sSO hot! I cheked the forecast and apparently its rain all next week  boooo!  &lt;3
long distance collabs can be good but irritating too! 1 week over the internet coulda been 1 hour!--on my way to relay my verse again 
really wanted to sleep in but my body aint letting me.. guess this is what happens when ur used to gettin up early all week 
@Hardsy yeh def.. got some sick nikes from there a few weeks ago.. they're on sale now 
oh my god, i really need sumthing to do  (perhaps the pennysaver can be every week)
@LaurennTaylorr ahh mee toooooo! this is our last weekend at the narrow 
@panteramack  yep a whole week now 
@veronica_milan I don't know if there are spots left.  It's $60 a month or free if you take the nightclass. I
@XsarahX93 lolz okay bye bye, i did mine today in the garden its borin, seya monday haven't seen you all week  ly xxxx
@MAKEUPMANMAE I want one too on my foot I have been saying that since last summer and I'm still w/o  blah blah blah
@Caitsmomma thanks hun. I didn't even get to do my friday faves this week 
WOOOOOOOOOW the next week is gonna be long i have like 9 tests  :'( wish me luck
@maxamatosis Yes  I've been having it all week
only 1 more week of school....im gonna miss my friends....we will have to get together alot over the summer....just 5 more days left.  
all over  now av to wait another year  lool
wishing i was a #wordcamp since there's no nyc craigslist bootcamp this year 
cant get a break in poker down 100k this week 
@GabrielaValella we actually just hired 2 new ppl last week! 
there's this album that i REALLY wanna buy, but it comes out in like a month 
taking the hp trivia on facebook again  then later im making a list of what to do during my last week of summer 
@dequese no  I am about to call them in a lil while. I have been havin trouble all month with them
hmmm what to do! miss u alex  one more week! lol
@zoe_jonesss ooh right! im so jealous  i met him at his signing last year and he was so funny :') but i want to see him live!! have fun 
@fatbellybella I know what you mean about the mercury/retrograde...this whole month has been horrible. 
Its crabbbb,  where are to people omgoz.. Next week beter. 2morrow breda again B-)
My tummy's been upset all week...wth is going on 
@asteinhoff I really want to but no one is able to take me  bummer We gotta chill this week!
@nphase poor thing  i know how you feel, i was without iphone for over a month when i moved here!! horrid!
@raaaaaaek o lol, sup you. i will not likely be a #losnotc much longer, but yeah. i hear #lofnotc wasn't even all that this weekend 
staying home... decided it's been a lame ass week. 
@BendyyStrawz im going to see dylan this week i think...im pretty sure..but we cant see hm:tm--its out of theaters 
@franzne just got my braces.  hurts alot. yeah. every month imma visit here. well 'cause imma visit my dentist to have a monthly check up.
@EvaMcDiva im sooo busy this fall/june... 
@violaxx I knooww! I probably won't be going...cuz I'd be going by myself  nxt week!!
@autumn0000 awww  hows the comp coming?
worst part about cle/orl series being over is no more nba on tnt this year 
@special_noodles it's a week about bikes in brighton? sorry  will find out for you though
@L33Tdpunk ...dude. i do that too. i miss seeing orion hanging out every night.  it feels like just last month he was still around!
half term is over. homework today,  but ive had an amazing week, and im looking forward to seeing everyone on monday. x
@DaanvandenBerg dude, r u getting too popular? as ive sent u a few tweets the last week and u didnt reply to any of em  poor little me..xx
@iamarkus yea. I have had massive dramas. Could not text for 1 month, no one in customer serv could help. But I am in a contract now 
sat out in the sun - how nice. cant beat this time last week tho 
@NoelClarke the backlash started a week ago and the media is why she DIDNT win! She threw one hissy and was painted as devil woman 
freakin' out! one week before college starts! 
is not looking fwd to having cortisone injections this week.. Ouchies... 
@whittamore yeh it'll be 3 weeks tomorrow  Fucking sucks.
is starting the week with unpleasant feeling..  http://plurk.com/p/xf5uo
can't believe i'll be back in somerset tonight. worst nightmare.  3 fucking months and i'm out of there.    i miss nina already.
@silentinfinite you can come over this week but my mum doesnt think itll be a good idea for u to stay over the night before  we'll be busy
@SGates0 whyyyyy were you guys not in vegas last week when i was there?!  have a blast!
@murd22 @SGates0 whyyyyy were you guys not in vegas last week when i was there?!  have a blast!
@teddy_dunn Can i have him on loan while I'm sad just for a week? That's only as long as i'm ever allowed to be happy 
I sorta hate the last day of the month, b/c thats when I have to pay the car insurance 
@ilona_andrews Wishing more good vibes for you to get better, You are cursed this year 
@UrbanGypZ ya I was outbid at the very very last second on 2 of them on ebay last week, I did not get the bid in on time  split second ugg
@DeannaBanana74 ok i wrote tht last night when my ma grounded me and i cant text remember? i m out for the month 
@achillesmama same here..we had themes this past week and visited different countires, it was a blast~ Desserts were killer = xtra situps 
not looking forward to this week!!!tooooo much to do 
first, I have to check email and then eat, and then get a bath...whew! by then the week-end will be over 
@ben_simpson lol... well its not ending quite yet, but i do have to start planning the week ahead  but its been a fab w/end - you?
so sorry! I couldn't get on this past week alot!  soo busy
i miss my jace! hes in minnesota for the whooole week 
Last night was shit.&amp; now I have to cover someones shift meh  what's going on tonight people? Anything? I'm in summer mode for a week or 2
@ashley_white I've been dealing with that for about a week now...part of my killer allergies 
Tonsilitis...please go away. I'm really not into being sick this week 
@AngeDoubleYou haha you're so amazing!!! I won't get my doggie for atleast a week 
@Dannymcfly Why isn't he tweeting this week?  Has he taken a tweetication?? ;) hahah lol
okay brb i need to pack pe kit for tomorrow, first day back of year 10 and i have games! pethetic  lmao
no go on the soccer maybe next week!! 
hmmmm up at 4 in the morning after 2 weeks of lazing about in bed 
@CherylH77 don't say that... please... this week will be long... since the guy i picked up last night, wont be there next sunday... 
mowing for the week is all done now next sunday tho 
@LATL lol but idk if i can i had all last week off 
We go back to work 2moro after being off 4 over a week. Not looking forward to it 
getting tireddd  one til ten all this week, killer much? but its money and get sat off whooop x
@DanaDazed @steff_blehh I can't change any of my settings, and it's been like that for almost a month, sooo I win 
@beatznkickz lol well I've been down here for a couple months and it's dead ass boring hahaha. N are you listenin to mine??? 
@seismic007 lol! sorry   but we needed a happy day together finally... it's been a tuff week!
Gaming got cancelled last minute  So have to wait another week to unleash my Shadar-kai assassin and the insane minotaur brain in a jar
In the past month I've spent $100 on eating out. That bums me out so much 
studying at covel with @andiruleu ahhhh tenth week 
@ashleykristine yup a month or so idk why.   I have comcast
rho class initiation tonight. lab practical this week. boo, finals are coming up! 
@BeautyBlvd nope  lol. I didn't get a payment since march but I'm waiting it out to see what this week brings.
@alexkillby hahaha I knowwww lmao. All the other ones a porn stars lol. It's only the first day of the week though 
not feeling to great...kinda depressed...  i hope my man is ok...if we are still together!! he hasn't called in over a week!
is it da weekend yet ?! cant wait for another long week at da job 
@chocolate_dip the homies went last week &amp; said it was jumpin &amp; they were faded.. i cant party on thursdays no more 
My fone took a fall moments ago 
@skywaterblue I was there all this week, and I'm not even allowed to take advil 
Denver weather is cray cray. 2nd funnel cloud to ruin our rehearsal this week 
@Cindystu I hope everything is ok with you.  Don't be sick! We have lunch this week!
HOME! tired as bro and still buckets of homework to finish  stupid year 12
@lesmorganray yep, totally do not have a phone. it got broken this weekend.  still not sure about br, i'll know in a couple of days.
gosh i miss jon.  its one of those daays again. and itll probably be a week...
dont want to be home... missing everything about this last week already &amp; i just walked in the door!! 
is off to work 4 the 1st time in over a week-its gona hurt 
@brcm I hope I can at least swing by. I missed a show a couple of weeks ago at the hi-ho...I think it was the revivalists? sucks 
@deltacontos ha ha... on the friday of the first week, not sure of the date. 
Really wish I wasn't working all week, I wanna go enjoy the sun  please stay till the weekend mr sunshine!
just had coke and choccies cos its me last week in s1 i.t 
@jeneennicole @natashabailie hey gals, how ws ur weekend? I went to a wedding n i havent twitted for 3 days!! i even missed follow friday 
can't believe classes start next week.  waaah! im missing summer already! haha
go home lo!! bz week ahead. imy. 
oh man, my exams just about a week from now!! i think its time to take a brake from twitter 
on bail again till end of month,  the policemans an idiot, his gna b a seargent soon i think he just tryin to get more brownie points 
Morning twitterland. Wishing my @jhmsince83 good luck in his new class 3 nights a week. What I'm I gonna do?? 
going home to san francisco tomorrow... wow this month in london flew by so quickly! bye bye UKonnie 
@georgiedaintree oh no it won't stay like this. i think its supposed to rain at some point this week 
going to school and i only have a week and 2 days left!!!!!!!!! but idk if thats enogh time to get on the honeral i have 1 C+ 
today sucks...feel like crap...didn't sleep...and it's the one week that not working is not an option  fml
@georgiaface mmm biscuits! am annoyed to see until sept last year drama tutors got golden hallo AND full bursary. This year not so 
loves this weatherrrrrr! although its menna get shitty next week 
no twins this week. devo'd! 
good news week kicking ass for tonight pity its almost over...  but then Supernatural yay!!!
Just dropped josh off, I really wish I could go too!  For almost 2 yrs we haven't spent a night apart  this is goin to be a hard 6 weeks
@m1k3y I watched and I loved it and I didn't know it was canceled til @xutraa told me last week 
I'm not sure i'll have the strenght for another insane week.  I really need to rest!
Last week of school...finals  oh dear god please help mee
@stephh_  oh very very cruel stephy, its my week to cop it too 
@coco_belle At the beginning of the week I think. Actually gutted I don't have one. 
@boxercab ya   I've had it for a week already, and it could go away any time now!!!
@loveofcardigans I hear ya sister. I'm starting my week, but am totally grumpy about it 
@emymsm my hols are until september? I finished my year 2 already! woohoo. ooh but I'm starting work next week. 
And the work week begins  blah de blah. Is in 1 yet?
80% of my friends are on vaca this week in another state... this week is gonna suck 
Goodmornin it is the last week of filming hannah montana season 3  I will miss you miley
how can any1 catch sum ova ere? I can only get a suntan in spain  2week t go yay x
Just woke up my back and shoulder have been hurting for 3 days now...i hate the 1st of every month cuz rents due 
@enolen Yes! We really liked it and are going back to visit next week. I wish I could be there to paint your toenails too! 
@Cadistra btw, have fun at the anime con this weekend!  I'm a little jealous, we only have this one crappy con a year and I missed it 
@guerillamilk -_- hi!! We have a busy week!! I am tired!! 
oh no! sign ups for sports were like last week! wth! i wanna do a sport  but the process overwhelmes me D:
@lalavazquez. Have fun in vegas! No vaca for me til next year! 
Nothing all winter long &amp; now 2 colds in the last month  #fb
Man june is an expensive month... 
@cmckellar I know.  I gotta wash my truck every week 
@nova_caine i know  nevermind; i have two weeks in october when he'll have to fend for himself. Its been ages since I've done a solo gig!
watching greek from two or three weeks ago. No more andy-licious  oh well! good show! 
yet @ another dr appt! birdie told me they are laying off in my dept                            next week 
@MollieOfficial mollieeee how do I get ur bday card to you this year  well want to see u on the cardiff tour,I'm counting the days xxx
oh no! I missed the first #chukmemondays  no fair! Next week I'll have to put a reminder in my phone.
I shouldn't have smiled so hard last week cuz it only makes the inevitable pouting happening this week that much sadder 
@S_sS yeah lunch defo next week, still on packed lunches at the mo  ...hopefully the weather remains sunny
@S_sS yeah lunch defo next week, still on packed lunches at the mo  ...hopefully the weather remains sunny
Another fucking prorject totpped on  ima die sometime this week.
uhhh summer school starts tomorrow  ilove brandon oodles xs 7
I'm baack, haha. This week is gonna freak me out! Totally!! 
i leave az in a week.  how sad. i'm going to miss the sun!
I guess I didn't get the memo that this weekend started &quot;let's pick on anneliese week&quot; y is everyone being mean to me? 
went back from sao paulo, saw the news @ the hospital, not nice uh so sad this airplane thing, just to imagine I was flying 1 week ago 
@amandaxxj  it is true. maybe i'm just getting my time of the month soon but everything sucks today.
okay so i def added this guy on myspace like a month ago and he just went on and denied my request 
@kellzpagez oh no.  that sucks :o(.  i'll call you this week - back to studying 
more than a week now since i ordered my bag o crap off 1-day and still nothing has arrived 
@cwallen2 well guess the beach will have to wait another week cuz it's only gonna be in the 70s this week 
i know  I'll make your week go by super fast ;-)
@jules23 yeah, i've done the 24 hour thing before - apparently they're not doing that this year though! 
showerrr... missing my hollywood loves tonight  three weeks still i'm back on the rock!!
@reinventwhat hahaha lucky i have to finish the week 
I think this whole week is gonna be spent getting caught up. I'm majorily behind in most of my classes 
@IvanGP yup, next week. it's a huge bummer. 
@rachealyeh happy summer!  omg, come this week to ny and visit me&lt;3 i missssssssssesss youuuuuuuuu 
@bhindmyhazleyes i won't ve here  ill have to wait like 3 weeks for it and of course i wont be able to wait and look them up on yt, grrrrr
@sweetaddictions heyy i been tryna create a profile for the chat for a week &amp;&amp; it wont let me 
@NBkorey man, i know what ya mean. i've been sitting around for a week. 
@jtjdt man, its only been like 2 weeks and i miss it already  but im comming back this sunday!!!!
@mylovestory aw that sucks.i really wanted to go to the ai tour this year,but the closest was columbus and thats a little far,plus school 
@_iDANCE19 I love the meaning of Finals. Because it's the honest truth lol. This week has been crazy Finals all effin week WTF!? 
@bestieblondie7 i knooooowwww and my week is so short anyhow 
wont have my phone for like a week 
@ricozhang aha erica made me move  how much gb usage a month do you have?
has a cold  lifegroup tonight. ive been neglecting twitter for the last week, what has happened to me?!
greek was so good tonight...only two episodes left  next week looks good...cant wait tell the next season...
it's been a long dang week!! lost my uncle, lost my ole horse....yep long week 
@Naly_D oh sorry to hear that  quiz night starts in fifteen mins.. but there's always next week!
@marginatasnaily i was feel shit last night,headahce,and all the joyful stuf that comes with it once a month,,lol.  yehhh done my pic.xx
@shaarni haha youtube is being a betch for me i trued that first and it took an hour and nothing so i gave up. i miss that week so much 
@alyaap hahaha yeah for initial report. meaning i have to finish by this week.. so if he wants it, i can make changes before submission. 
@XtinaNoel weekend will be good grl bc i dnt have a day off durning the week  i think saturday will be better then sunday though? right?
@boredgirl260 shiit I brake 1900txts a month.. and yes that might be excessive..  cant help it.
@bamabeth84 I did that a few months ago &amp; the headaches only lasted a week or 2. The worst is being tired as eff &amp; unable to have coffee 
dead tired 2 days in a row...i also gotta write a case study in a week's time plus the job. too much work  http://ff.im/-3voi3
@slpowell no way! thats cool, We are not going this year cause my cousin is having ababy the 2nd week of august 
Violets one month doc appt today. I think she will get shots 
@LolaAM yes it sucks had a major skin reaction last week by just smelling shrimp 
@xtashacanningx. hey, im more sunburnt than yday  watcha duin. i am goin to look for a job this week  x
omg theres only 2 more days till schools over i luv my friends and i will miss one of them this summer 
@LizJonasHQ I didn't get the passes  I thought it was next week. ugh. have fun cuz I prob can't go now!!
My week in florida is going by way too quick 
watching zack and miri makes a porno...by myself since i'm contagious for the next couple days 
I've had to wear lady's de-oderant for the past week because I keep forgetting to buy my kilo axe stuff 
@RoShine a month ago still haven't loaded up a pic yet tho 
 im so going to fail chem tomorrow.  but its okay, i got 2.5 years of science and i just need .5 next year
crap! i spaced on jazz! ahh and the showcase is next week! omg this is not my day  !
is so looking forward to next week. Finals week sucks   I need another vacation. haha
@KyAnn1608 so yea i guess your going to have to come over sometime next week eh 
Going to danny hawaii's for a kickback since he's leaving for hawaii for two weeks tomorrow!! 
i can't believe it! theres a trilogy coming out thats very similar to the novel i just started writing last week.  hate when that happens!
went to rent the new movies today but they werent prepped  i dont think there's anything that great coming out next week anyways...
I can't help but thinking of her.I miss her so much it's gonna be a year in a couple weeks.Wow it seems like it happen yesterday  I love u
I'm breaking out a week before prom!? What the hell!? 
@platinumjones i just saw that tweet about me going out last week now...haha...yea i did...it was some crap 
Just came back from a week vacation and now it's bussiness as usual 
cant believe it takes over 2 hours on the bus to swindon now  why!!?!?! wot happened! a month ago it was 1 hour 20 mins!
FUUUUUUUCK. What a damn fucking week. 
@KirstieBxo soz, lost internet connection yesterday  i've nt bin up to much lol jst revisin.. you gt anything planned for the summer?
wooooohooo tickets for the enemy are booked for november at the corn exchange skint now  haha need to get paolo tickets next week : | xx
got 2 french exams 2day  i dnt think ill do 2 good in these tbh. ah well...ive had a gd couple of days i wnt let it ruin it!!
I'm hurting from yesterdays workout ...... ouch...ooh....and worried about next week  
Morning,F ucked up my i-net is closed becus I forgot to pay the bill in the month of september 2008 wtf ziggo, a little bit late isn't 
ugh work!!  but florida friday week bitchess!!
hmm, went to the gym for the first time in over a week an only stayed for 30mins 
Finding myself just sort of &quot;going through the motions&quot; this week. That makes me feel unhappy. I don't feel as grounded as I have been. 
it figgers. the one day this week i can go home at 6pm, and traffic SUCKS  Now i'm stuck at the office feeling guilty for not working &gt;.&lt;
on my way to my 30 week dr appt, the 3 hour long one  bc I have to retake my glucose test...here we go
i think im gonna have a mental breakdown by the end of the week, or at least in one of the coming weeks... 
@TimWestwood I feel for you I washed my ipod last week 
@jenarooo no :L just some drilly thingy.. i dont know what it was. i have to go back like next week for 2 fillings 
Going to be kid free until next friday..what to do, what to do? One week without my boo  but 
@anthealee i haven't seen you all week and it makes me feel empty inside.  ps paris hiltons new bff is out.
last week worked out everyday for 2 hrs, ate good. This week? The complete opposite urgh 
@kerrytroche i messed it up...the move got me all confused on my weeks with avon...it was supposed to be in last thursday  sorry
@prateekgupta well even if i will b thr... i'll be around only for 1.5 days, n wont even be a weekend 
What a shitty bday this year. 
damn you @zacseif, it's my birthday week, and you have to come around being all famous in dallas and steal my imaginary spotlight. 
At work yet again!! 5/6 days this week, blah! And blah to my fkn headache tooo 
was gonna camp today but it's raining. wish i'd agreed to those gigs now, got a bunch of good tunes this week 
it's too late to sign up for the 2 week program in costa rica rescuing and studying sea turtles  i should've signed up before.
@gavin_dunce  i hate summer hours... by the time i get in today your already out that bitch! 
@sabrinaxx yeeeee shes sik =D not bad man...got 4 next week...then 3 more the week after...then done =D lucky u finishing on weds tho 
@HanaStephenson i voted my ass off for you all day.haha  cant come on the whole weekend so i catn vote 
seems like I've spent the entire week sticking up for myself with big giant companies who don't give a crap about me or my health. 
@hene57  week  made new yearly high and profits were immediately taken taken is all i know.. not smart  enough here to guess 
@simply_shannon LOL that sucks we did that last year. so boring!! and fort hunter ligget california. in the middle of no where  3 weeks
@johnnyminardijr yo dude louis from the years gone by here...tuff loss on those magic last night 
had a shite shite week - can it get any worse? hope not 
broke my guitar string  now have to wait like a week for a new one..grr
exhausted but had a blast at camp this year!!! ready for teen camp...now ive gotta go babysit katie tonight.. 
@joebrooksmusic PLEASE gig @ nottingham soon  you won't believe how long i've waited  it would absolutley make my year to see you live x
@ObsidionStorm About a week late   I won't be able to hack the gibson
eek realized I spent waay over half of my paycheck today.  When you only get paid once a month it's hard not to go overboard. .
is tierd  but had a great night with dan &lt;3 happy days xo
@thatgirlcathy yea finals week is next week 
@BitchNotAPerson oh I see - by best friend has to do that too - I be been sad all week too so maybe not the same but sad is sad 
just ate a wonderful dinner. Now I'm relaxing &amp; checking my Tweets. I weighed myself this morn' only lost 2 lbs in 1 week. 
long ass day, atleast i know im fine! but what am i going to do for a whole week without my boo?! he wont even have his phone 
@patrix already released in States? will have to wait untill next week 
my days i feel like crap tonite 
finally home for the weekend...but that just means I only have time for PROJECTS  math, english, euro, french... 1 week left-too much! #fb
My ink sesh got postponed another week  i just want this sleeve finished! get better sooon shevy &lt;3
Sorting, folding, and putting away many, many weeks' worth of laundry  #fb
@cindyegomez sadly we only hav another week of tis fun 
@ElvaHsiao omg! last night was the best oppertunity in 10 years to date ElvaHsiao!!! and i was sleeping 
@inndo I misssss u already!! we gotta make the best of next week! our last week babe!  sadness.xo
@jordanw 2 azits? thats not very fair! I have been without my azit for like a week or maybe even two 
@gunsandbutter12 I'm dead tired have fun at the movie though tell me how It is!!!! I don't work with u or brit all next week 
feels really old thanks to her lil bro who graduated 6th grade last week wow time flies 8 years go i was in 6th grade 
@MadamSalami er, might make a braclet. bought beads yesterday and made 2 necklaces. must tidy up. still stuff about from last weeks fair 
Awww I'm sad megavideo aint working  gotta wait a week for new memory!
@glamourdolleyes yeahh i got awhile thou its probably gna be at least 2weeks 
so looks like i might get my pre next week   if its still available tht is... well im going to bed sweet dreams &lt;3
@tadgh nah not heading to holly's 18th anymore  rentals wont let me coz im off to perth the week before...
b;ah blah blah.. single for two weeks now 
dose not like the fact of public transport this week end! it mean i have to leave like an hour befor i have to get somwher!!! 
hate the 12 week growth spurt!  soooooooooo tired 
good morning!! up so early bc i can hardly breathe   still feel like crap, plse god let this weekend heal me
@enjoyingjoy papers are done. had a last minute printing crisis this week  it all turned out ok not entirely happy w/ papers but never am.
im having a lovely weekend off but i cant understand where the sun has gone from the week, its pissing down 
@mvsunit ours got moved waaay back to the last week of june. hassle, sembreak will suffer. 
this whole week has been a pile of crap, what a shiteous day this is, never felt so alone and upset  wanna cry and sleep
back in seattle after an amazing week in alaska 
have been a great week. nearly perfect. just wanna get back to frankfurt 
@theoceanforyou I'm sorta sad about it cause I won't be able to see you for another week.  AWWW. ;;)
I've been searching for starburst jellybeans for over a month with no luck...I'm going thru withdrawls. 
17 month old did break leg  any tips on keeping him off his feet for a month welcome. #fb   http://yfrog.com/1136343513j
im soo hungry - can't wait 4 lunchtime. have been studying all day for exams next week 
asta died. I only had him for a week 
@haleyxfax I left a comment on the intro thingy vid but they haven't signed in in 3 weeks 
i thought campmeeting was supossed to be a week  oh well.
@r_ochie because i ate so much this week. i had chinese, mexican, and other international foods haha! 
@Onebelo 5hours  headed to sac on wed im missing all kinds of stuff in the 916 this weekend.
@johnhan88 ye, slaney too! party! we will miss you terribly. i miss  you the most, though  maybe i will be the summer camp tweet queen?!
@GemmaLyons i went grande toooooo!  im really good thanks, you? i missss you though  my exams finish on thurs, do someting week after? x
@barleyandbirch nope  off camping for a week so won't be able to let you know until we return.
btw: no  #himym and #tbbt for weeks makes me sad 
@EllaPaigeBabe hi babe! how are u? why didnt u come online since ages?  u just tweet once in a whole day! u used to be more on a month ago
missing travis while he's in guatamala... i cant talk to him for a week 
@RocketMinx yarr it's a bitch - eyes are bloodshot despite drops  I knew there was a reason I hated summer! And in ff7 I forgot where I am
is going nw going on holiday 2 morrow scared of flying though gunna miss big brother for a week  ahah byeeeeeeeeeeeeee
What the fuck is taking so long for a 9530 .15x leak?! 9500 got there's close to a week ago 
@CheesyLouisey butbutbut louise yous can't do it next week, cause me and kate can't go  save it for 2 weeks time yehh ?
first coke in a week aaaand my tum hurts already. guess i can't drink them anymore. 
hahah i'm studing   the next week will be soo stress T.T
hahaha i'm studing for chemestry  and the next week will we so stressing  :/
@amberisrad i just realized i cant come next week cuz i have to go to church the next morning.  maybe another time?
@paperboyfabe  I'm the worlds biggest hater right now...womp womp. Hopefully I can make up for it nxt week.
@thisgoeshere yeah but it's only for a week or maybe 2..oh..fuck..that's long!!can't miss you that long..noooooo 
missing my best best friend havent seen her in 1 and a bit months  haha but i get to se her tonight, boooyah haha
@ReTaRdEdGaNgTa I totally forgot bout it and mrs ipsen said that if we dont buy them this week, we can't start 
@RealWorldMom blah, having a very long week 
@glennajlin Your score saddens me. I thought I was gonna be top of the mountain for the week.. guess not 
dialup is so much pain!  useless hathway..not going to pay them this month
@diana_cullen so I will have to go to uni a couple of nights this week to do them. 
Oh boy... Just unpacked from C.C.C. now i gotta re pack for two weeks 
@myramoira, ppl keep calling me mr azmi and calling me every week for loan repayments n sending me angry pay up msgs 
@jumpingcastle roll call went soooo slowly without you all week  hows thailand!?!?!? miss you xx
2nd fml moment this week!  ahwell still had fun(:
only got a week left before gettin' exiled down south.. 
@MidwestKush yea, monday good? I'm laying low till the week starts. I'm beat 
@rillamrilla yes sorry, I ran out one of the colours and didnt get it til the other week 
@DoubleAre  we gotta go hard when I go in like a week or so.
it's the first week of june already and i can't think of a subject for my photoblog  i need to find inspiration fast! any suggestions?
cant wait til this week. last week of school 
@taytay80sluvr same here ~ no havent met anyone famous  but saw jb last year 
@kLiStEr94 yer it was mean but it was also funny and they dnt bloody deserve to be taken off air for 2 weeks 
hi everyone i really want to see the saturdays this month but i cant 
just read the new secrets on www.postsecrets.com - one particular made me cry this week.  check out the new secrets every sunday!
exams ths week  cnt b boverd with them retreat tha week after then ball tha week after that then my birthday tha week after that gosh busy
I'm just exhausted after a looong week with an unsettled grumpy buba.  hope he sleeps through tonight cos he hasn't this week &amp; it's hard
@mrhysterics aw mate  your the oldest person in our year aint ya  what make are you gona get? when you getting sims3?
@loopy_lala @graemearcher @WahooPooh we all helped to tidy it up hopefully some will spring back. but all his frames were smashed 
Is not lovin' this migrane. 3rd one this week. Not Impressed 
zzzzzzzzZZZzz my poor mac  sigh. well on the brighter side, been in salamanca for a week now and pretty much loving it. viva la vida !
i miss my bestfriend, she left to wisconson/nebraska for TWO weeks 
getting prepared for lisa to leave for the week again 
This weekend has been rubbish, very boring. Now ive gotta revise 
@LindseyMadonna I hear ya it's just wrong, i've had a cold for 2 weeks 
@vermineater i don't think i can come to your grad party. i'll be in tennesee the last week of june thru the first week of july. 
@amber_0X :[ ive got to wait another month now  xx
off for 2 episodes of black &amp; white. can't wait. then i shall sleep. another week of working tmrw. boohoo 
visiting my dada today! hes getting surgury this week 
im chilling after a crazy weekend!! also got dumped by my boyfriend last week so trying to get over him  x
aww i had brilliant day yesterday i really love my wee bro and sis  daddys away again this week, rageee 
this is like a deja vu of last year 
ended up having a horrible weekend! families mean. i feel lyke kim k in that episode in colorodo. everyones piking on me  cuz i not sporty
Frikking hell I can't find my wafi gift voucher crap its expiring dis month n my appt is tomorrow 
i cannot wait unitl this week is over .. man chemistry, biology and eng in one weekk .. its not the greatest thing 
so sad. here i was thinking harry potter came out thius month... n i just saw a trailer that said july 15.. 
@yankees_live  i hope we come back and kick butt against boston next week!!!
@nessaaaaa i want pho all the time! i was in sac last week but wasn't there for long  it's ok summer will plan out something, i'll brb!
ohhh did i mention only about 2 weeks left till summer vaca... then off to highschool... i'll miss all my friends 
@dearestemily I bet your so sad yu won't have your car  but it will only be for a week so that is good.
ew, i have school tomorrow  no classes this week though! oh the joys of being in 6th year
Doing alot of hw today stupid finals week! 
@chaseallman yea finals blow. . . hating this week and it just start 
@ellaxceleste lol lo siento basia i had 2 do all the skool work i procrastinated on during the week 
ps. i have seen 4 movies this week.  i hate myselfffff but my wallet hates me more 
hangin out with @alexandrabrandt for one last little bit before i dont get to see her for a week again... 
@darksknbeauty oh i dont have cable here till nex week an i lovvve that show too  i jus have to watch movies on my comp.
i always hear about it like a week before it happens...i don't get hot 97 up here  I sick of seein all these white ppl...lol...
i really need 2 keep my following people under 200..otherwise i cant keep up with updates...i cleaned it up last week and im again over 
back from an amazing weekend in scotland! only 10 more days in london town 
@Xstineeee hey! interview went well, but i have a feeling i didn't get it  oh well. i've been in portland only like 4 months! it's great
@sauce25 how we lookn ths week sir??.... ready 2 get n! text mee... lost everybody's # 
One of my favorite people to work with gio fired this week. 
can't believe it's june already, and a week into it too! time goes too fast, wish I could slow it down 
@AndraeRaMone I could've told you abt audioporn...or some form of it last week...but that's ovr for me now... 
09 graduation this week!!  my babies made it!!! im gunna miss u all so much! congrats!!!!!!!!!
eep!!!! only i more week of skool 
I just hope this week goes fast so that friday gets here and I know my fate 
@alexandrakor aww that sucks...  but do you get to see a lot of minor league games though??? omg I went to my first one last month and...
Just did a weeks worth of science hw..onto studying for spanishh 
Finals in a week and a bit it sucks ! I dont want to study but i hav to if i wanna pass! 
This week is gonna be more awfulthan the last ones. At least the weekends are good! 
@DragonFan96 no mt. dew slushies for us this week 
@effin_shazz we're so goin to do sumthin this week or wen i get bak from girl state... i miss u 
people in  america are lucky to have 3 months of summer while here in the Philippines we just have 2  comfort please!
still doing exam packet. lame. blah kinda couple of weeks 
shitty weekend  and this week is definitely going to be horrible. i know it.
.. feelin' like this bout to be a terrible week. real talk. 
Feeling like shit yet again. I feel like I been sick for one month straight this really sucks mannn 
Going to bed. He's grounded for another week  this sucks i miss him really bad and now i cant even talk to him
@redhotelephant Wish I could join  I better see ya'll this week/weekend before I get bombarded with pageant-ness
@iampritty ha ha ha...girl one week we :p the next  then we :pd then of course we :**##(#*#(*E$
@jesserye Wish this weekend weren't over.  What am I going to do without you for the next 8 wks?!?! I think I might go insane!
@runnersrambles ah, that sucks. I have mine the following week 
 dana fritz is gone for a week. I miss her :/
last week of school! omg i havent been on team jonas in so long 
@indmix aww I miss u 2 nightmare, ill be home within the week, gotta be here 4 rehearsal 
@yonderboy yep its not cool sometimes, especially when half of it is taken out in mortgage payments the week you get paid 
@lindseak what the fish, i was SO close to getting om shanti om for five euro at the flea market! the guy sold it last week 
i wanna do something creative but i have to wait like a week 
@slowchase happen for another couple of months yet.. I do have a myspace but not a music one.. just plain old boring regular myspace  lol
im going to vacation in about  2 weeks and i havent gotten flight ticket yet!!!  i will spend alot of money for this month 
oh no, not another rainy week  !!! please ...
How are you all?? omg 2 weeks left at college  dont want to leave for summer as will suck lol
Last ep. of AtaDan next week. Awww  I still don`t want it to end, it`s one of the best doramas I`ve EVERRRR watched 
Watching good news week it's coin alright not distracting me from working at 10 tho 
ohhh, mondays  another long week of class
had the greatest weekend ever and now it is monday  the only thing i am excited for is tonight's episode of greek!
is so sick  mum nearly took me to hospital before coz I couldn't breathe. so much for all my plans this week!!
no netball next week. cmon 
Just found out ted leo and the pharmacists played in b'ham last week and see missed it 
darn just finished this morning with the 2nd test did not work like i wanted just going to move on with this weeks to do list 
@bradiewebbstack ohh bradie do you hate One_StepCloser because you called her a bitch earlier this week aswell 
I'm up.i gotta say bye to the bestieeee.she leaving for egypt.for the whOleeeee summer!! 
@guardianeco http://guardian.co.uk has been down pretty much constantly for me this week. Why!? 
@karljb74 never let off motherly duties unfortunately, seem to have never ended pile of ironing  fella back to sea this week, so one less
@VICym yep, trans is gone...  my whole week is ruined.
no more fma for me. 1 month until the new chapter and dunno when the new episode is available. 
@5fm boertjie cheese the whole week? i hate you guys 
@5fm boertjie cheese the whole week? i hate you guys 
@ms_gee im gonna do like 4 or 5 next month cause i feel like a slacker now 
@SwapTilYouDrop indeed i do... this week and next  i'm guessing you too... which uni are you guys at?
spencer has his 4 month shots tomorrow (even though he's 5 months)...i hate having to take him for those!  poopy 
@DebbieFletcher that sounds awesome! i wish i was there.. next week will be iow on german tv!! but the one from 2007  were mcfly there? xx
Ughhh and the week begins another long 8 hours working with my lil rug rats   http://myloc.me/3VhC
morning twits. had breakfast for first time in over a week. dont feel like i even went to bed. that sucks. very very sore today. 
haha   2009 is not a ggood year for louise   xxx
@SmileyRay last week , it was my official one (myspace.com/demilovato)  i cant sign in anymore 
hey guys, i'm a original member of french paintball federation, since 1996. it's the mess since a few month  www.paintball-france.com
So today I head to nyc (at some point) 4 hour bus ride  . So far I have been: miami, maryland, boltamore, washington-dc. What a month...
http://twitpic.com/7hb3g why I wont be riding this week.... 
going on a technological hiatus all week. No phone reception in oglesby tx 
@FunTimeFrankieG I should be on, but I may not be :S ohhh...  wednesday? around? we'll find time! I'm knackered, weekend was manic!
@EDDIEKLIVE wish i could see ya next week....schuba's is sold out... 
@grogan Yes, I care about when you go to the store and sleep - especially when you are living so far away after this week 
@MrsBonafide dam all good places but got a week only for a vaca 
back in flint.. will b in ohio nxt week for college orination and dad's dj battle in toldeo...still flippin sick 
this sucks  i have to wait til friday for ghostbusters           oh well, i've waited 20 years, whats 4 days?
so bored  skul ending next week  i'll miiss everyone..... even wierd mean stupid ppl...
@love_candice oh lawd. im already old  1 year, 1 month, &amp; like 27 days -sighs
I'm thinking I may spend the day in birmingham sometime this week...I miss my selena @playinblackkeys 
really not looking forward to the rest of this week..can't wait to be back in manchester on friday  homesick
@killa_star i fuckin hate tennessee  i need to go somewhere that doesn't get tornadoes every other month! It ain't even tornado season
@nmyers89 niiiiick. will you come on skype tonight?  i havent talked to you in months and im leaving in a week
@grex78 yes. I don't know what I will do with myself next week. 
What should I do in my last week of being a 20 year old? Next monday I'm gonna be an adult lol 
My laptop died  poor thing just couldnt take the heat, no more internets for me for one more week 
says saw in the news a 1 week old puppy got flushed down the toilet.  So cute pa naman, good thing he's stil... http://plurk.com/p/117040
@Jonasbrothers will the album be on itunes at midnight also?..my cd wont come for another week  haha
@cydrashun shooot. i cant cuz i sad for both you and me. no essence fes. for me this year.... 
@itsthegrape nice man... ive been sick for like a week and a half and lost 5 lbs..  no good
its supposed to rain for the rest of the week? wth  #fb
@beanbailey yea got a bum tooth   I chipped it again this past weekend.
@theresawhite me too, but I misread the amazon email: they are shipping it wednesday, so I am not getting it then. Probably another week! 
finals started today... ickkkkky! I love my friends and I'm sorry that I will be mia the rest of the week 
finals started today... ickkkkky! I love my friends and I'm sorry that I will be mia the rest of the week 
@MsPrissy101 i wanna but i dont get my rental until tomorrow  but its cool I shall see u this week!!
@fiRSTlAYDEE_23  I ran outta text for. This month, u have aim?
@ChelseaWelseaaa im not lookin forward to gettin my damn teeth pulled out. i cant be active for a week 
@blondie1114 ahh ok  maybe next week? the sale is on for a while!
@leoana babe! got to cancel this thursday's meetup! need to push back by another 3 weeks   
@jasmineyql yeah! ive two UTs for this week  you have also? good luck to you and me. haha.
DAMNIT if i'd waited a week i could have gotten my hosting package for $20 cheaper   excuse me while i go drown myself
@amieewhitney oh, thats stupid =( i hate something like this xD last week broke me 2 nails..  D:
this week feels like its going foreva  i want it to be friday already!!
the end of the semester is bad 4 my health. all i've been eating is crap 4 a week now  10 more days til summer vacation! thx u baby jesus.
@theriflesband alrighty, went to see yous at the garage a couple of month ago n was really impressed! U never played one night stand tho 
ahaha. we lost an adviser for a month. 
@mcmaddison hahah nah, not yet, this week maybe, when the test in the internet wants to load  lol
Watching Today. . . Can you believe it's one year since the casey anthony case already?? 
Getting ready to go to my interning thing blah, I cant wait till this week is over 
finally got the news ive been waiting for. interview this time next week. eek 
omg i heard justine didnt win  poor her it was her 2nd chance. i really hope she makes it to last week she is such a gr8 cook
omg i heard justine didnt win  poor her it was her 2nd chance. i really hope she makes it to last week she is such a gr8 cook haha
@misskellyo to be honest, i'm crap, i've applied for 55 jobs in the last month and i've had no luck 
@samjshah oh no! that sucks, sorry.  i like mozy for backup. worth the $5/month or whatever.
Looks like I'm ok now So no week off for me 
@breanna_taylor sounds like a plan! I'm free any day this week! when are you leaving 
miss my tommy  gosh, it's been a tough week for me not talkin to him. (
My little brother is leaving for michigan for a month today  and I won't even get to say bye 
this is going to be a horrible week.   bah.
@dnh7 yeah its just her 12 month check up. but she has to get lots of shots   sorry I'ma softee lol
its taken !!! im a good bread maker damn it, i want a 42hour week job making bread. 
@johnbeattyart I'd like to but I'm out all next week and there's a ton of stuff that has to be done. 
@danieljohnsonjr sorry i missed the nmc even last saturday  i got pulled away on my way back to the city from lexington. next month!
@toymachinesh lucky git. we got a week to wait 
island of capri=beautiful!! so sad to leave florence in less than 2 weeks 
realizing i will be traveling on iphone drop date, pretty sure i will be screwed in getting one before heading to boston next week.. 
i don't wanna spend all afternoon in a doctors office waiting room w/a pissed off 2 year old  oh well, suck it up...
@xstaticstacey Yes, gross... now I'm having to go through and delete each individual entry on the wrong week 
@MelAStev prob not til next week  I'm so damn busy
There moving my operation to next week  idk why
horrific set of exams this week  home on saturday &lt;3
@Mogki  I'm sorry your having a crappy week. I &lt;3 you and think you are amazing!!!!!!!! ;)
@euniceexp what the eff, so lucky!  we still have the rest of the week..
British Airways asks staff to work for free for up to month... wow, umm... that can't be a good sign   http://bit.ly/11hGyI
i was going to be on the honer roll but cuz of a couple of projects i won't be  lets hope i can make it throught next year
thats gammy pj i hate the rain it did that here all last week 
@JillofAllTradez I just read another, a 6yr old and an 8yr old were fatally shot during a domestic dispute this evening. 
@cassiduncan   i seen the noel and rich one like last week but apart from that aint seen them in ages
@msamylethal @jeffrey_awesome what are we gonna do going an entire week without seeing each other 
we got big girl cable today! but, I'm booked solid for weeks and wont get to watch any of it until next year sometime  waaaa, poor me
definitely wants to see me but has a busy week.... umm doesn't sound like he wants to see me 
sad that jemma's boss is a jackass so she can't come to paris this week 
@ciiindy lol I was goin 2 but can't..cuz the other chick in my office is on vaca all week  plus they'd kno it was 4 the parade! I'm sad 
@alltimelove tomorrow im getting a list of songs  cause i wont see you for a week .  boo you ... p.s. i dislike character limits,
I'm sick with the summer flu blah blah blah Not feeling good today 
is sad i have to go back to cleveland for a whole month:::    .... why meeee
so mad that shes working this entire week. no nice days for me! 
 aw damn somebody hit tiffany on nxt weeks episode or somethin?? Hellllllll no I'm def watchin nxt week lol
doesn't think he'll be able to finish noli by next week  http://plurk.com/p/11hm0x
@123alissamarie gah. i agree. i was so excited for this week too. sad. 
@aka55 texted him about how i know he's busy this week but i'm gonna be unavailable for the next 2. think if he cared he would've replied 
i havnt had any contact wit any of u guy ina whole week! its so depressing bein lockd up in dat room wit no one to txt  and its summer 2..
I missed happy hour  shit iight my ladies next week I promise
@justads oh those ones are especially hard  i had to do that last month... i wrote 14 pages... but couldnt send it... goodluck....
i'm gonna be so busy the next couple of days.  i might not be on twitter much, but i love you all so have a great week &amp; listen to LVATT!
@ConceitedNYC I know I know! Lol sometime this week, I promise &amp; I gotta remember the rap I wrote it down but I think I threw it away! 
hv yet to settle the bills for the month 
Disappointed can't go laker parade  last minute stuff came up, damn well hoping next year will happn again so I can go!!!!!
I'm going to be sad because I won't be able to tweet for a week  but mommy is going to take LOTS of pictures!!
@bl4ckbu5 oh I am going to have to wear patches for a month if not longer. I understand what you mean. Not fun. 
tryin to print her stupid assignment that was due over a month ago 
@3s7 damn right but i was crook with flu for a month...didnt lose a damn gram 
@tweetchristeen haha i don't even go shops anymore  omg i'm gna go next week come with.
@radha_ now that u tell me u wont be workin for a good one week! i am beginnin to want a vacation too! 
ughhh...orientation...round 2 of the week...i'm a very sleepy girl  starbucks is a must...
oops look like i overspend dis month  no surprise though
@ilovepinkfloyd i watched it last week  i want to watch lion king 2 again but i only have it on vhs  i love mufasa i had a dream ...
@ple4181 No point in going for only a week, or I'd love to 
@andunlimited @moxielady not the words I wanted to hear....  And yea, fell chest first into a tree stump last week chasin' the dogs around
i feel so accomplished pullin an all-nighter cause i havent since a couple years ago. im lame, i know 
no iphone for me this week? http://bit.ly/P91kr     
Buut like now a week ago my guinea pig died 
http://twitpic.com/665vj - I don't have any bacon this week 
@clueless_bimbo yeah, they will next week but we've got 2 bills to pay on sat that won't wait.  they come first unfortunately.
Wishing I could be off next couple of days...    But gotta save vac for trip up north later. (***sits sobbing at desk...***)
@TBBF gotta go to work. I'm off all next week. 
@jnuge5 omg I know, it's supposed to be in the 60's and raining all week  in mid june. So dumb.
i got hit by a stingray in the ankle while fishing yesterday cant fish for a week  ,
@sassipebbles HAHA it has been like 91's here all week... suppose to go to charleston but temp is like 110.. 
@dbuie its ok loverrr...your next week does sound quite amazing  Totally sad I'm missing B. 
i've been trying to ignore all the political hoohah re:pres &amp; gay rights this week, but it just seems kinda disheartening 
trying to design.. losing my mind. this has been a tough month trying to do kits  i really hope my mojo comes back asap..
crap...just found out tomorrow's showing is sold out..guess I'll have to wait until next week 
watching dark angel, being lazy, dont ever think about studying for the exam next week. life is beautiful! (till next week 
@XxRochellexX my god i wish hun, tbh if i had that money i wud b going to see the boyz at o2 next week  but we will arrange summit soon x
@ajrafael broooo ._. didn hear from you for 2 weeks 
@xo_melody aw man..  that happened to me once and they said it would take a week for me so i said forget it lol
@JimmyVo well now my week is full  maybe next week? btw, go accept me on lastfm ya jerk lol
My 7 page paper is do this week not next! Oops looks like my night will be spent typing  I miss @JodiRenee3
I'm feeling good--finally!  Now tomorrow I double my dosage and I'm sure I'll be tired all week again.    #fb
@PurpleLipstiick that sux... i work about 45 max a week.  I only get 4 days off a year 
I had 3.0 a week before the release, it kinda sucks because I can't be excited with everyone else 
So wanted to go to royal ascot this week, it's only down the road but cos of shitty exams I couldn't 
@MsJackson2you congrats! @jamieakadiva so did u hear that this is &quot;the year of no summer&quot; for the east coast? yea jus rain  Vacay?!
I'm sick of these fuckin school stuffs. waiting for hols coming to town.. and ah, its still about a week to go 
Root canal today  gotta go back in 2 weeks to finish it off  massive *ouchies* 'bout to pop a tylenol 3 in a min 
is looking forward to her holiday, but wonders how she'll cope without Bisc for an entire week  #fb
oooo work.. i feel like thats were im spending my summer haa.. goodness summerskool next week  bllahhhh.
@kckc7706 umm that would be me   he grew another 1/2 inch this month.
so yeah haven't tweet 4 a long time  and exams r next week  so i won't be opening utube a lot !
@paigemcl  oh! what's the movie tonight? we tried to go like two weeks ago but it got rained out  hope that doesn't happen to you!
missed shakespeare dates this year, is an idiot 
@katyperry it's all down to you!! gutted I couldn't come to your show last week  Next year fingers crossed!!
@glennishamorgan 6/25 bullfrog but I cant make it  and he's been hella busy apparently - story in paper next week
@plhippie and I've had 2/month the last 3-4 mo's. I can barely walk bc of cramps/pain. I feel like a whole other person. so miserable. 
@bigred143 dang that sucks! Just one month off 
listenin 2 your not sorry!!have a long week nxt week..hope nuthin bad happenz 2 her in surgery.. 
@chris_walton  its really not your week. Things will get better though xo
@yodaVL yeah feels like a fresh install of windows... but my themes are gone  the jailbreak better be out by this week
is sick again. thats twice within 2 weeks 
omg i hope i make it home in time for wipeout! i probably wont  damnit! second week in a row
@skibumbrian777 ya, for the last week or so its been off and on wet! Its worse for me cuz I live in a dry area 
@lovedmother dear claire, have not seen you at work all week 
@atlcutii maaaaaaaaaan aint i been on twitter a week? lol ima leave it alone for another week din but dats wack as hell i want mine shown 
Working on my chibi comic I should have finished last week.  
You guys. I wrote kelly a letter like a week n some ago. and I dont think shes seen it 
... i need to let things go easierly  ... . + ive been waitin for an email for a week now, still havent gotton it.. i guess i wont 
omg have to go to greek school in 1 hour. it goes for 3 hours, luckily i only have to do it once a week....dont like it! 
@caitlinburgess wes tops my who-should-already-be-home-list.... but no favourites yet! AND didn't get to watch this week 
havent tweeted in a week!!!! i miss it  lol
fuck its been weeks, and tomorrow my bf leaves. 
insomniaa its been over a week ... need to clear my mind  cuz this isnt healthy
@Kungfus0n  I tweeted before he's sick as hell with a fever   and I'm getting ready for sleeps lol we're celebrating next week 
tsk! tsk! 7days a week in the university... i'm regretting that i didn't take rotc last year.... 
grr some of the snobby private schools end for hols tomorrow and we still have a week... grr 
@tintinxtorres i only come back 2 x a yr thats indecember and in the summer...i miss  u too 
It is now 5 15am and i am still not motivated to go to work.   vacation coming up next week for cali cant come fast enough. 
@andylockran yeah, i can't make it i'm afraid  but does look interesting. we should go for a beer though while you're back. next week?
@KirstyHilton ive been trying to get miley tickets for the 02 all week! No luck 
This is an ungodly hr 4 me  I don't noe how imma do it next week.. Uugghhh soooooo tired!
this could possibly be the worst weather for the month of june in forever.. usually im black by nowwwww 
@janchondokold that's awesome!!! but I don't think I can hold on to a receipt for a month 
is disbanding her year-old book club.  argh. last meeting next next saturday. &lt;/3
just realized i need to go fix my f-ing piercing next week. i'm scared. they're gonna have to cut my lip open 
Next week  testweek  actually need to learn for dutch... I think I might do that later on ...
@kevinlewy I'm going with like 5 people. I'm not gonna be able to get my tickets till like next week  do you think ill be ok?
second week's like hell already. 
@clare_10 I was hoping it was going to be nice and sunny. obviously I was wrong  maybe next week though!
@mattspire I went in this AM and was told they're still working on it.  this is the month from hell. Except for my bday.
 meeting fell through until next week, im thinking yoga and soup will cheer me up !
@KariLeeBosen hahah i was actually so sick this week 
Its been sort of a slow week in some ways. I just want it to be friday   soon enough
@sarah01mckenz I had an issue with it a couple of weeks ago and ended up having to uninstall it and reinstall it. 
Last missions vbs tonight!  It went by so fast! where did the week go?
cannot focus on studying...really i just want to get out of sd...grr this week has been terrible!  
@kelanjo19 put on the half a pound ive been putting on then losing for the last few weeks. I stuck to it a lot better this week as well 
@stuiy ugh. it's terrrible.  are you busy next week? you should come up (by up i mean 152) and we can mm (aka make music ha), etc.
Its goin to rain this whole week,and weekend,kinda sucks..and I guess @prdessy513 doesnt have service on her fone,still on the cruise 
@nobodygrl I'm sorry  I was out with ang..they have an awesome hh..maybe next week?
@Danyezee U kno it comes in droughts and floods. A month ago it was my own personal recession. 
@NoeliaMC typical... btw why haven't we spoken in almost a week? 
I'll find out next week if the liked me, but the job isn't until aug, 
i dont think i can go a whole week without sudocrem, but theres really no room in my case for it 
so cold outside in thatcham  cant wait until next week when its supposd to get hot, bring on the british summer! ha
sooo tired been shopping for hours! the rain is sooo bad  please dont be like this all summer!
@VividVal yes plz its been raining none stop for days  next week is more rain!  rainiest month no joke
@kinematografia i have to wait until next month to get mine done  i am getting it really different tho.
@taxi777 my old gf said I'm lazy, good for nothin everyday of the week 
@ashleyka25 @thepinkdreamer @andrayawhite have a safe trip roomies! Have fun and dnt show it too much cause we got to nxt week b4 we move 
I got my car taken away  Wants to go to fiesta texas next week.
i ordered my cd a week ago and it's still not here!!!! 
@mmitchelldaviss this is like the MilliONtH week in a row I've missed ur show. This thursday thing is not workin out 
@CorinnaHoffman You're gonna have to stop talking about cupcakes for a month. Or else I'll have to bake my own. 
@rhussmann yeah.  damn storms and electrical issues scuttled us this month.  
@clarisseaquino  =/ I had a bad experience my last visit too I thought he was gonna take away the braces but no  not till next month!
I totally love my psych professor and will be super sad to not have him as a prof anymore after next week  5 weeks went by too fast!
@nisunis aku tak sombong beboooo  there's just  truck loads me must shaawe! Aaand me cant make it next week when u arrive ((((((((((((((
@maarge arg, i already was there  on an up note i have to go back again sometime soon! lmk when you're working next week and i'll come in!
and ill prob have 2 miss out next week 2 but hopefully not i miss not surfing.. 
@helen_lo ooh me too. I've had to have 2 lots in the last 3 weeks, not nice at all. And possibly a repeat  Totally understand....not nice.
@chrisricho that's mean. I've ben lookin fwd to my holiday for months 
@susank91 yeup, we talked it out so we're alright now . ahh, tfly's done, right? finals for us next week, booo  summer&lt;3
@nickjonas you would be in ny a week before me 
gettin off for tonight, going to watch a movie or some E!  looking at more colleges online tom. p.s. is it just me or is summer DRAGGING  
ok, so after a week spend with leah- laying down in bed without her is weird! whereals my bestfriend? 
i got to hear set phasers to stun &amp; 180 by summer tonight. so i'd have to say it was a pretty perfect day, other than herman breaking  
; aw, lastday of junior year  , ughh i'll honestly miss that 'dude'..  no joke.
@MissLaura317 I have been trying lol But I think it might be passed the 2 month mark anyways... I'll just wait I guess  u dun have to tho
gotta redo the surgery eye cuz of complications  it just not my month....
Eating my last piece of authentic mexican carneasada friesss for a month!! 
My poor dog of 10 years is slowly goin down hill and there is nothin we can do. sad week 
hopefully this is the last online shopping this month.kinda broke already 
@mydogateart hi, yes, I think, I will be better in a week ;) just totally torn right now 
@ashr @paw_suddergaard yeah, i've been sneezing for a week now 
no gerald for a week 
#inaperfectworld a week wud be of 365 days cuz i spent the best week of my life frm 7th-13th and it got ovr in a flash 
sadly the ne coast is not going to be looking like this great day at longsands - tynemouth http://bit.ly/NBqLP another weekend maybe 
17 weeks yesterday  and it still doesnt get any easyer ..... adios por sempire mi amigo
@rooneykhosla food n chicken my only l;ove... m not allowed 2 eat... its been a month 
@justafangirlxd umm yep.. but my week's not over yet...hahay.. 
@kirstyhannahxo oh my word! i kept mine on for a week and that was bad enough cos it's plastic 
Doing NOTHING this weekend but assingments and study  argh
mother f. josh thomas is going to nz a week and a half too early for me to accidentally run into him speeding down a slope 
@andreialta I know. I have no internet sa dorm.  Just survived the first week of medschool. And you?
@jenniferto i was gunna come like... next month.. but i dont think im going to be able to now because of financial crap. 
@anti_social see, you go on holiday for a week and @squaccs forgets all about you... 
i can't wait for this week to be over. fuck cops 
@PinkTrees: ok internet is back up and running fast but i won't be able to connect to the wii for at least a week or more 
 i'm out of commission for the weekend and all next week... peace &amp; blessings &lt;3 oh some history 4 u cuz im a nerd: http://bit.ly/NRgPU
@denasaur you haveeeee nooooo idea. next thursday pwease  lets get lunch or something this upcoming week
ughh I work the 23-26 next week and they are all looooooooooooooong shifts 
@meekakitty i haven't been able to find my ipod for over a week 
Raining in greece all next week cant believe it  How am i going to get a tan! x
Morning ere body, ok 1 week of no internet. Its so horrid. 
@james__buckley  I was ill last week but it was just a 24 hour thing so hopefully it will go soon! you going somewhere nice? x
@Davgxyz sorry mate... can't attend tonight.  Or next week.
hour and a half til hoooome...thats too long!  i feel like i've got a week off for some reason but i definately haven't...darrrrrrn!
@tjsantana yea thts how I'm feeling right now! I hasn't been my friend this week at alll! 
Has cravings for chow mein but has Chinese last week 
   bye guys!!!! i'ma miss ya'll sooo sooo much! but don't worry i'll be back on monday!!! have an awesome weekend!!! peace!!!!
@jeeemima  next week yeh?
@DriveByBaptism Goddamnit that's out for you? We have to wait like a week. 
@haeresitic: hmm. the situation looks quite bad...  ahh tioman! hmm got rumour that we will have the first week of sch off.
Vacations, I'm waiting hopefully for them! A month, yeah, I definitely can't wait 
Vacations! I'm waiting hopefully for them! A month, yeah, I definitely can't wait 
@becci2708 btw oth is on 1st week of july according to e4  i read something i shouldn't have tho 
Classes are over!!!(for the week  ) what I going to do??uuuummm lets c rest!but naw I have to find me something to do b4I kill over!
@guyt2030 ahh I can't get my record player to workk I don't understand.   aaand I'm gonna steal you next week for photos
the weather this week has been amazing . ugh, i bet next week when i actually can go outside it will be raining alllll the time  damn.
One more week! And noone is down to go to midnight showing of transformers with me  i guess i'll go by myself
feels like being infected. H1N1... oh my god, I'm so hypochondriac,... just did a tiny #triathlon and less regeneration this week 
@caged_angel babe! I will have to involved you in another wish! Some last minute changes  But don't worry it will be within this month!
in response to an earlier twit: be thankful that your whip was still there, @danyelletauryce...mine was stolen a week ago 
@jamie_oliver how do I miss this every week??? 
@limonsito cause i ain't got no money for a festival session this year  but i'm gonna see them in 1 week in berlin yay! ;D
@kittie_noir mine are suffering from a high-heel-related malady from the weekend  xx
@silversea23   sorry I can't be there on wednesdays for a couple of months.  yOu all will have to deal with out my  hawtness
@chuminsuk yeah sure lol lets throw but my arms been hurting all week  overthrew at last weeks game
i can't wait  LVATT will come out in a week where I live (that sucks!!!)
and my bff chaze is leaving me for a whole month to pullman.  that makes me sad and want to cry. :'(
but i am sad cuz i won' be able to attend the 2nd week of band camp  
131 I wuz pissed  i worked a week in a row and it wuznt on my check cuz the cut off wuz jne 7
what a shitty week. 
@mister_peterman paid almost twice that to fly back next week. I think the sale fares don't start until later 
@ sweetpenn. i cant believe i wont get my fix of penny next week.  idk what ill do without it
@julianahatfield this weather sucks. it's supposed to be pretty much like this for the next week   . where did spring go?have a good wknd!
@georgierae lol! hope you had a great time babe, missed ya this week  x
Just finished my sixth may ball of the week. Only one more barber gig before october 
@paulo_one Thanks - you're awesome! It's been so crazy this week - haven't had much time to tweet  how have you been?
going to go see ms. seilor's show tonight  i wish i was in it though  i will be next year! i'm starting dance again this summer :]
probably having dinner at suni's next week.  maybe.. if there's no fish..
im getting offffffffffffffffffff. i was waiting for @ohHEYkim to get on since i havent talked to her in like a week, but shes not on 
96 is a lil too hot...kkingdom tomorrow with sara and dave 43 hours of work next week makes me sad 
off to bed. and i'm going on holiday for three weeks 2morrow. dunno if i'll have internet  bye babes! @peoplefight text me, i'll need it!
workin on this paper due next week 
the only thing that sucks is i had to cancel my san fran trip for net week and my new york trip for the following week  oh well
ear ache.....random! &amp; it hurts like a bitch   SOSOSOSO bored seriously im fifteen years old and it summer; thats fucked up!
shit same i did'nt do a contract for fall, what do we have to find an appartment to stay? omg and btw brightfutures dont pay for summer 
Feels like he has been neglecting his muscles. I haven't lifted anything over 60 lbs in a week. 
very tired &amp; very annoyed &gt;[    please day, get better!!!!!!! booo working whole weekend 
@SaulaSmurf had to go 2 sckol caude if i didnt i would of had detenion for a week lol omg i was dying that day hi  bu it was funny 2 :O xx
Man im going to miss @WhitleyL when she goes to florida next week 
@katherine o snap where u at? i just got a huge order from birite! my life is over for the weekend  let's park it next week fo sho
@jsbryonics wow dood... that does sound like a rough week. 
one assignment left to due... it's gotta be in by midnight... then I am freeeeeeee, well until next week when the new class begins 
@redleg64 that's this coming week? *doink* hmmmmmmm  Right bed for me, speak soon.. *hugs*
After 4(!) solid days, I think my tum is returning to normal. Sure picked the wrong week to go bad tho. 
So i lost a small diamond outta my engagement ring and i've only been married a month 
@stanice ooh, i wished i was there. i had to cut my travelling short this month. 
@nymzaJ7 I feel ya hunni. I hv a 2week break, then its back to the books! 
@DisciplineCC  are u okay? Be careful bc the stiffness can take up to a week to settle in. When I got hi, I was hurting for 10+ days!
awww i miss my mommys cooking  oh well i get to enjoy it this week whiles she's here
I MISS STARBUCKS..!!  whehh.. haven't had one since last week.!! ** hoping to have one tomorow.!! **
@rebecca_glass  I lost 11 lb in a month on it. It made me borderline anorectic. I was scared to eat because I liked the weight losssomuch
@kellebelle1981 he is gorgeous!  im just a little bit biased though, its going to kill me when he has to have surgery again next month 
@kaytekaboom its just an educational vid about the brain featuring him 2make it entertainin. hes played evryothr summer 4 the last decade 
I'm sad... I just had to say good bye to my bf for a week! 
@honieviths i know. imma be rooming alone the whole week..  i'm sad.. *wink*
@farrah_r it's ok you couldn't make it out tonight anyway  at least I'll be better for my actual bday next week when we go to envy! :-D
@BasseCopette yup! And the watering I have to do for the next week and the painting and pointing etc etc... Now I'm not laughing 
@andwoo pic messaging won't come out until late summer. lame, huh?  i'm getting the new 3gs in a week&lt;3
sad   best buddie going away for a month over seas
Y do i feel like crying leaving san antonio the place that apparently i hate. even if its only for a week.. Wow!!! 
@NicholleMonique last week they said i'd have it bk, now they're sayin this week and sayin how it's blackberry takin long 
learning for latin next week 
@dazlumsdon 6 till 6 buddy  it's not 2 bad cos we do 2 weeks work in a week,then have a wk off!! 
@iKieran I would go for the weekend but not much point going on the saturday just to see like 2/3 bands tbh =/. iono lol   selfish aha
It's already one year ago.. rest in peace isa  .. zometeen naar arnhem. #isadag
@kayodea damn u...i want to go too.  meh! gona go out in a it as well, i've been too bored this week. U there all summer?
@thereminwar it isn't available in the land of ire yet  unless I pay a tenner a month boooo!
still pissed but has workies in like an hour  . can't believe glasto is next week fuckin can't wait sunna 
grabe! quiz marathon this week. 
huhu..torn up..gotta be strong..i'm goin' back to kuching nex week 
is afk, enjoying this week-end with the bf because he's leaving next saturday 
@roystern09 oh, how rude  maybe she's on this week :\
is awake and trying to stay chipper but uumm yeah today is my last day wit the frog for a couple weeks 
still waiting over 40 weeks of pregnancy bb doesnt want to come out yet 
Again this month most of my pay has been spent on bday presents 
@Karabekian77 no  I leave tomorrow. ps I'm wearing your graf orlock shirt from 9459845 years ago. hahah!
@jlkupstas this week has been bad.  don't want to do it but I'm considering locking my acct 
@ourracingdream I was gunna go get a voodoo doll but I have a flat tire.  I'll have to go during the week and get one
@laura_0908 no i'm not, wish i was  i'm seeing them in 3 weeks though! did you go last night? xx
havent talked to him in a whole week 
@TearlessPoet its been 2 weeks since ive been to twitterjail and they get me on my intelligent grind this mornin? smh 
@PinkyBoo2 ah yes being a lightweight=good times on freshers week. cant quite do jager shots yet 
yup, worst week ever, just found a friend has stage 3 lymphoma and started chemo yesterday 
it's been a week since i've seen anthony 
@jchant mmm that sounds amazing!!! its been raining here for the whole week!!! 
cant wait til this time next week and is still obcessing over simon stead 
my last tweet from my macbook until next week friday. i'm gonna miss it 
@lalachar i had to go to work before i finished it  and i changed it last week lolol
@fabbii not seeing your bf? *gasp* and @howlieT no, I'm gonna bug you every weekend until you come over you havent beeen for years 
tired and kinda sad    gotta go to work soon...at least i have more days off next week..
@jubinstull *hugs* s'only been a week aswell 
@steveduffin just got your msg's! i want to rock too  however, i have 6 days off from tuesday! sort sumfin ouuuut? 
i was babysittin last week nd i told the little girl a scary story so scary dat she cried i felt so bad! 
I hate it when you find typos in your about me that have probably been there for like at least a month.  -9.15.08
@davcar11 I hate ironing. cant believe how much the 2 of us generate tho in 1 week, it must be worse for u guys! 
@_sweetpea yeah its been a week already 
@lou7hood I shud av gone back to vegas last year but I broke my ankle 2wks before so I couldnt go  was a bit gutted lol
@OJthekid awwww  don't worry I'll be back in a month ! &amp; I'll miss ya too buddy ! :'(
@Ashleyyx3 hahah no he quit the place so i have to try out a new teacher next week 
@itsjmaine aw alright  well we should hang out this week!
@BROOKLYNROBOT  I don't think imma be able tonite but we figure something out for this week
@zAchAriiAs hey buddy how yu been? I havent talked to you in a week 
@Machhyy Aw best thing anyones ever told me in a whole week! 
goodbye new york city  only one week left :'[
@spanisharmada some time in august! i wish we could have another dr show all of us but i guess they're really taking the summer off 
been painting the house all week! sooo tiring 
She likes to piss me off at least once a month 
lalalaaa / blah blah blah...i need to get away for like a month 
@Shoq those avvies are nice.  You no likey my green rose?   #iranelection
@tatephoto kayla and kapono together next week! i am SO excited about that combo! pono's dancing was kind of disappointing this week... 
says I'm going to enjoy the rest of the 'vacation week' with homeworks  http://plurk.com/p/12js4j
four days of being sluggish and blah means I have a heap of work to do today before eeek... the working week begins 
my love is leaving for a week  but i get happy unbirthday at camp! yay! &lt;3
@SpiffyBex nah I just been sick since last week it goin around. I'm usually late so not really worried...more so annoyed. I feel glitched 
hmm! well, howz about my house sometime this week? i am cell phones-less right now because i have to wait for sprint to sent me a new one 
good mu'fuckin weekend. gotta do this again....nex weekend. @khalafornia nope didnt get to go. sad.  lol
@harleyhector, nope...haven't seen him all week 
I really wanna play some lacrosse right now!! I haven't played in over a week and won't be able to play until wednesday! 
Sadly, year one is apparently, a letdown  but I still might see it just so I can look at michael cera ;) hehe
still doing prive next week...all beautiful well put together ladies let me kno if ur in. *looks for @nadialoren but she's n philly 
@MrRobPattinson thats disconcerning to hear since they already attacked you on the street this week    hope you are well
been in seattle over a month.. it seems like years... im pretty much miserable... im trying my hardest to go back home for the summer 
ok now im def ready for bed,  * one week today   ..     need cleaning solution for my ear.  ..  hannah montana is on. time to sleep.
just about to leave for school  twat in one week and itl bee the holidays!
heyyyy i'm gonna be gone for a week. i will miss all of your hottt updates. 
@umarsiddiqi  ohh so i am the only fool who works 7 days a week ..  .. Now i am feeling like a maha geek - which is actually good 
@gaytyson a week and a half to come up with like $100 =s not sure i can either. fuck! pyramid dude! i need to save if this is happened  
ew, i hate to throw up.  i hope i'm not getting sick. i'm leaving monday for a week.
@Alexislovesjb i no trust me i no wat u mean....like 2weeks ago ive been feeling like that cuz of niley 
Feeling yuck, missing church for 2nd week running 
morning tweeps !! its the start of ANOTHER loong week at home ... doing NOTHING 
arghhhhhhhhhh so sorry to everyone that i havent posted a new video yet! i have like 5 assessments due this week and i havnt started any! 
@reejsmells oh thats not good  oh yeh i just thought of another point to my argument yesterday, it was my birthday last week and u didnt
@Elricom @Elricom dunno I tried it last week and it didn't work 
it's a totally depressing week  #fb
last week of lving in portsmouth 
week one of home alone done..week 2 just begun..and its gonna be the last for a while 
cloudy on the longest day of the year.....grrr, that sucks!!  ....atleast there's a better week to look forward to!
Not working all week, lame ! neeeeeed money 
question: my bestfriend and I are not talking for a month now, should i make the 1st move? i miss him 
off to siofok for a week. see ya on saturday!  
@donna12 oh dear an expensive day out, md week games stink we got geordies away mid week in feb 
@TheBackpackr yeah. it's super-crawling speed, alrite. 1 more tormenting week before month-end before the cap, recoil 
how the hell is greggs no open on a sunday :@ a forget every week and still manager to walk up to see haha 
watched next weeks episode of merlin it was really good! now im watching the week afters coz im not gonna be here for them  stupid kakadoo
@nickytaylorni i know the feeling hun i was as sober as a judge  oh well theres always next week lol.x
Awww the lady on biggest loser didn't lose any weight this week! That's so sad... What a downer to go to sleep with 
Other lovely day if waking up feeling like butt oh excited. Not a good week for me  and I have to leave for work in 15 min 
the worst thing is i have not backed up the phone since before the weekend. ive got data i really want to retrieve.  hmm must hack this
http://twitpic.com/7wp6t - aww poor you  its there last night in scotland tonight  but i cant wait til next year they said they will ...
checkin out n gettin ready to head home  a week @ disney was great
@ButterbeanUK Ahh i know but i usually dont have my son on a sunday and this week i do so drinking on hold 
@pbrack just bought a mito for my crappy micra  now got an 8 week wait for it to be delivered 
tswc da weekend but i gotta work through it, no off days  i will love payday though!
I can't do that this week T.T plus i'm missing handball in P.E. !! i wanna play  this is sad =/ *emo corner* xD
up for sound two! A week without josh and krystian is going to suckkk 
 my bf left for this sea cadet thing yesterday, and i wont be able to reach him for WEEKS. makes me sad. :'(
Pretty much the co at my store for the next week or two  i miss austin already!
damn...kinda wishing we were at usc camp today but had too many meetings so we skipped it this year.. 
@phan_cy @xomwan86 maybe i'll do the video next week.... maybe.. lol =\ i just lost interest in it... and plus i kept sneezing..no help 
@huntercash yes...yes it does. that's all I've been craving all week 
@LittleLiverbird yeah sadly  get fitted for one in a few minutes after i get everything off, then get one next week.
@br00klynbetty whateva yooo I'm hurt :/ and I just told u about it last week but I've been talkin about it for a month now 
 Thats cause the other one month buddy is cheating in this game
@NujnaH =] 4 month sublets arent hard to find.. though its fall term, prepare massive moneys 
on my way to tech week!! this is the begining of the end  oh well mikados coming up next!! yippee
my little oscar is wearing the collar of shame for 2 weeks 
@donniewahlberg thank u for everything. ive had so much fun this past year. cant believe my last shows are this week! 
blah. i missed last week's episode of canada's next top model. 
@hospitaltown yeah, he passed away last week in a hiking accident. 
@melancholyloss another shitty day to another shitty week. 
Guess my mom is having a ton of intestine removed in a week or so. 
jon &amp; kate plus 8 was depressing this week 
@VeeVee24 the boss didn't pay me last week, and I got the check on saturday, well I hope they still have tickets, or i'm going to get mad 
@yankeegirl51680 ok ok! so maybe this week is night shoots! 
*groans* argh...im ill  a week before germany,too !dont worry about my germs! antibacterial gel at the ready!
@Nkluvr4eva I'm with ya, a years rest is a little too long  It worries me.And he gave no guarantee of anything after that year.
Off 2 the eye dr for new prescription.  Taking spring mini swap q to hand sew binding while waiting.  It shoulda been mailed yesterday 
MAWNIN TWEETS!!!! :-D study time for me....exam @ 4 today  cyaan wait for summer skool 2 be oooverrrrrr!!!!
@c_jem ha? u mean the vaccine? got my 2nd shot last sat but still the same as the first, my biceps would hurt for a week. 
@Followtheblonde ohhh that's sad  the longest record for having a fish for me was a week
@wildarmsheero I have a few kilos of the printed thing scheduled to arrive this week to compensate a little; let's get it while we can 
I'm ridiculously tired and I have studying to do  test 2 next week yippee! :-/
dang can't get my ears lowered for another week.  #needsatrimbeforethen
mon.&amp; tues. are the worst!! ughhh i need something to keep me occupied on the dreadful days... 
http://twitpic.com/87yo0 - Tilly's not well  Not eaten for about a week.She needs to see a doggie doctor :'(
Going with kris to our last walmart trip of the year.. 
my sis is goin away next month for a week ill be lost wiv out here i cnt go a day without my sis   
@heyjennah  oh, no!   boo. another entire week?
@ChargerJenn yes jenn, its hard! I experience this last week  try to take a breath slowly...
@ttaystefankoo yours.  i had a countdown going and everything. Seriously how does that shit take over a month to come in?
oh yay! it looks like half of northern austria is going to be flooded when i'm down there. no sailing for at least a week  #linz
@Rocktress there will probably be tons of people there  blah we could try? or can you spend the night any time this week anyway?
@shinyandiknoit thats what i did all week 
@lisakim13 YES, pants!  and i would go to beach with you i've been dying to go, but i'm working this whole week!  
@MomoFali oops  i hate it when that happens. tho better now than a week old melon that i didn't know was purchased much less in my trunk!
@bitcaw me too I'm gone a week and come back and everything dies down...maybe I should go again. 
so stoked for rush this week! but not so stoked that someone i know might go to jail  bestfriend = grounded me = :'( ugh miss er
@nicolettav omg! I know! I wanted to go to the midnight showing  its probably gonna be sold out for the next month every weekend 
@ShippoFoxD ahh, to be 15 again. I wish I was back in hs. lol This month I had my 10 yr hs reunion. 
@AmeliaR_N well the party was cancelled anyways......  but next week expect an unexpected visit
3 tests and 3 days left of part 1 summer college  and no job. this is starting to suck. oh yea and also got stung by a bumble bee! ouch!
bah ... heading to work ... again  but ... its the last time this week xD next week is prom, but im so totally dont wear a dress ...
oh yeah i guess it'll be out tomorrow... only to go away again for another week at least 
I've only had two good weeks this summer. I'm just ready for august and october 9. oh, and i miss you 
someone buy me a warped tour ticket for next week in san antonio. i want to go and actually enjoy it but i'm so broke. 
i'm tryna make @MicoleLynn my gf for the rest of the summer but she wont have me 
ok so today my kestrels graduated! Always bitter sweet when you have to say good bye to students that you've taught all year long. 
@tookiebunten Give me thursday over monday any week,hate coming back to this shit hole after the weekend 
@contestedfooty thanks... last week I was holding togehter ok, this week I have holes all over the ground and am playing the top team!  
@ilyTAMJJAB english .. friggin ms powell gave us a week 
@dc777id make sure u come early, coz yesterday all session times were sold out 
slightly depressed dont think ive lost any weight this week 
What a week untill now! And i must work on saturday!  but with my honye!   what a week!
So been about a month......yep life is still boring in michigan and something tells me that will never change 
i'm starting not to feel well.having a flu like symptom.errr.in less than a week i will start my review pa naman.grrr. 
argh so angry!!! mum wont let me do the 40 hour famine this year 
well daaaaaaaaaaang i missed a lot as soon as i went to sleep. @zammie255 im so sorry about your awful week and archies show cancelled 
I've been overly tired all week and sleeping ok. I guess it's time to see a white coat. 
@mommabrown08 training all week =teh suck too 
This is exactly why working 15 mins from main campus stinks. I'd love to pop to #fpgr09 as every year, but can't afford 30min round trip 
goiiing 2 ca-amp!  can't say that i'm 2 excited, tho.... won't b  able 2 twit 4 a month (not that i do 2 often...) ttyl guys!!!
I miss my bf soooo much and didnt want to come home this week  bring on tommorow!
@manchesterisace ohhh it's torture! but I had to pay for holiday fun this month so can't indulge 
@corbett3000 i've heard it costs $3/month extra, true? that and no howard stern 
its feels like a friday because ...(wait for it)...i'm on holiday for a week. so you'll have to get your twit fix elsewhere for a week 
You know when you just know this month has been an absolute shitter, when a great memeber of staff  breaks her collar bone 
@peaceshot  I have to wait till next week, knowing mum she'll draw it out till late week &gt;__&gt;
@littyblive yeah, your blog is still messed up  but I'm spreading the video of our nightmare tstorms from a couple weeks ago.
@PLPhotography cool thats wzzup, damn u saw it already lol , I jealous.. shit tickets prob sold out this week 
trying to toilet train my 3yr old 4 wks, not going well I have washed so many pairs of underwear this week its an epic ecological crime 
sirius stock is kicking ass, too bad i sold 1000 shares earlier this month 
@jamie_rosa i am!!! i hope you are too! where are you? i've seen no one all summer  hahha!
my eyeball is scratched up!!! no contacts for a week  ... looks like i'll be blind for @judelarose and @natalie_la's weeding 
stressed....... i cant believe shes already a week old....  
GUYS, farrah fawcett, ed mcmahon, and david carradine died within the same month.  this is making me emo right now.
@GeneTheFotog  ya i'll be in hk for 3 months  but 21 is not big there. o well,so now u finally have 1 more frd u can hit the club w/ lol.
@milzy_gurl I'll bring them there next week! I'm staying at @cjmules house for a bit 
@DerSiedler saw mallcop last week.. but nothin special to me, if u know the trailer, u know the movie. 3 out of 10. // KoQ rox anyway 
@rahnocerous tired. yr 12 is killing me, albeit slowly. 2 days left and im on 2 week break though 
@xlakeeffectkid gahh i'll be in london all week, you should come to london and see hey chris with me  ftw!
blahh getting read to go to school..gotta get thru today then 2 more days till the long weekend. 
2 days of school left this week and im beyond excited for saturday!!!! 
@jose_jose http://www.ycombinator.com   I hope to have a confirmation on my summer plans in a couple weeks.
@sjk8775 taxes suck!  got seriously screwed this year =(  good news tho, may have a new job here this summer   luv the marshal service!
@halosecretarial My boss is going on vacay for a month.  He's in a happy place.  
me and my mates are gunna chekk out a movie next week..i really want to see the boat that rocked. 
@ItsJustDi if nothing else see if they would be open to a 6 and 12 month performance review with opps for raises then 
washing up donee, farrr to much effort! for 106 a week it would be awful nice to have a dish washer 
bored at home...need a holiday!!!...wooo 2 weeks on fridayy!!! manchester apollo here we cum!! 
the good news is, they sell sun drop in wilmington and it tastes like 6th grade summer. delicious. oh, i love monique and colton 
@MegHansen42 did you watch them both? I saw that ep 20 &amp; 21 were up (or did I miss last weeks?) and yeah, bones is always awesome 
Going down to fells for pirate weekend with k-dawg and greg! Should be a blast 
is looking forward to a nice week with liam 
i love the song six months by hey monday officially. 
@heyrhi as soon as this year ends, get your cute bum to montreal asap so we can be roomies downtown and order take out every night  ilyily
@krimzon11 nope, haven't forgot. I'm just super busy this month. We will go.. I just don't know when 
spending 3 hrs with liberals may have filled up my tank for the month 
I baked more muffins for @voidboi and the awesome dudes that live with him for putting up with me all week 
@Grizzlysgrowls LOL. I did listen to teh song u suggested yday, but ur now in my itunes n i'll check it out during the week 
so: assignment was done, dissertation is to the printer...now what? oh i know prepare my 2 month long holiday to the tropics 
@e_marano yeaa me too. ill be home all week and the weekend. my dads gone for the week and a bit so im at madress 
@mmitchelldaviss i ordered one of your shirts last week, and i think its coming on my sweet 16! [the 21st] 
@Natazzz eurOut goes well though LOL ok, I'm off for a week for moving @eurout and tweeps ... just kidding. I've a list. A pretty one 
im turning 18 one week from now  but i don't feel excited  i really don't know why i've seen my friends  they got excited  but on my part
@marjamma oh you can be SO cruel!! I was just checking the route to make sure i'd find it next week 
@dylan_mason @CherylColeUK  I agree top 3 maybe? In about 3 weeks  woo! I can't wait, x
So tired. Tonights gonna be tons of fun with @stumplenslurr seeing @britneyspears yalll  this should be an amazing week.
@springharvest we had a great week at skeg wk2! Thanks 
@sparky083 and hello to a new, wonderful week... 
zzz night kids - have a great week 
ye baby! first software issue sorted! now for the next one. What a way to start the week 
Working pfft. moving into the my new apartment this week how exciting 
@brindabellababy yes, I guess it was good to have time to get to know yr new baby!  wishing you a great week 
@ikesonthereal looool dude....in a couple weeks the campaign is starting.....i got a mad plan all will be revealed soon 
happy week! manchester visits from louby, bus bus, and clare bear 
@just_finish @solorunner - yeah, better get that healed fast!  w ur average marathons per year, you've six  more to run this month!!  
working until they send my ass home. one more day, then i'm in hawaii for a week 
@kimbarweee awww hope you recover from it soon  i was ill last week , it was really bad =/ xx
procrastinating alot of stuff...but its fine...summer in one week 
don't know why i'm still awake. there's no way i'm catching up on zzz's this week. chicago wednesday! 
@shaundiviney...guess what?!? You are in the dolly magazine again this month  haha &lt;3
@ErikaEC please don't spoil #24, got it on sky+ and about 3 weeks out at the moment....god this series is good and... intense 
@iamdiddy bought two bottles last week,killing the 2nd one now! 
@Chefgigi hi! its been a busy week but I am alive 
@alliecine I do that every week or so I don't like to think of it like trash just more like folks juxtapose to my purpose of being here 
@phamous hahah yeah, this week's episode was really good 
@RealHughJackman can't wait to see wolverine here in the philippines, it'll be showing this week!!! 
@hennesy1980 ill be on it next week! haha or i can at least try.  ok g'night
rigobertos, candlelight bondinng and hell week with my ascension fam. i love u guys 
@stephzillaNJ hmm I never experienced winter lol... I never thought it would be less bad then summer ha I guess ha w.e. season im up for! 
@indieknits I will ask if she's found someone next week  I saw pics and it looked nice but not sure how big it is.
@feylya debated getting one ... only I don't like the 18month contract bit waiting for vodafone to launch theirs I think 
@TheRealSparky yup, first details in the new issue out next week 
is delighted its the weekend!!! had a brill week tho, the fray, summer ball and mc gowans  xx
i slept really good last night , never woke up once. thats a difference from the last week 
@caitycreel omg that's amazing haha....  less than a week now 
yesterday, i went to canadas wonderland, and i missed @alabear .. because shes hawt    ~we can go like 10 million times this summer
@fedgrub ash, fandy and jade are sleeping.  okkk my first two month relationship im glad its you.
@xMrsEfron today it's the final one but i already saw it last week too haha  i hate that vanessa person btw she's so fake .
@bloggernott I am due in three weeks  normally I would jump at chance to work on new project with new ppl... But pretty covered up now.
@madinalake woooo! i got your album today XD cant wait to see you guys this week 
@Mephostopheles you gotta watch her tweet week vids, she did a really good job on them 
@kezzibugx3 ha! watchd boxng w/ mariah but shes in the screen tv so not realy haha  school? aww at least next months summer there! right?
@Gennibean i wore flip flops to a bar last week in au, didn't get kick out 
amazing weekend  gotta start goin to classes next week
@oncgnt yuppieee doodoooo!  haha yeh! enjoy your rest of your week! i seeyaaaa soon (;
@chrisfjw i didn't go to tigherheat, but i think i might go next week.  It'll be so much fun.  be sure to say hi if you see me hehe 
@tommcfly  see you this weekend   cant  beleive the  tours  ending this week its gone soo fast..bring on the next tour xx
@threalnihal !! thats my word! thank you so much!!  made my weekend 
@LovemesomeDDub will do! We'll tell him its 1 month til the bday extravaganza 
sigh.. it's monday again.. alright,gotta ready 4 a brand new day for a brand new week and for a brand new month..nytish evry1 twit twit.. 
This week is gonna be a good week  mmmm.
date night w/hubby scrapped cuz we spent too much on groceries. oh well, next week is fine, but he still wants 2 go 4 margaritas 
@donaji23 hahaha I just may b out there next week too 
what a nice weekend in san antonio. phase V is greeeeaaat. 
@wourivice done and done. ima hit you for sure next week 
This should be an interesting week for me! I hope somone up there is watchin LOL. 
cant believe in less than 2 weeks i will be married!!   woohoo
@soniajaxson for a week but now I'm perfectly fine  weird.. like I was venting to cambria &amp; everyhing that I said hasn't crosse my mind?
@soniajaxson for a week but now I'm perfectly fine  weird.. like I was venting to cambria &amp; everyhing that I said hasn't crossed my mind?
@mjasenn i totally owe you a week of on-call duties.  i appreciate not having those while jill is in town 
rock week @IdolNews i don't think danny's gonna go home this week  he's never been in the bottom three.. and he's a really good singer 
@Sixxjohn i think i been followin u 4 bout a week so yea kinda 
wow my weekend was pretty fucking epic  grr school tmrw ;'(
ha ha ha I slept in again, three days in a row! must be a new personal best  today I'm going to attempt to finish my regluing my fans.
@rdelizo35 nothing just trying to keep up with a 9 week old kitten LOL.  She's full of piss and vinegar this morning. 
@mylestones At least it's big enough my 20 month old won't find it and swallow it before the 3 yo and I track it down! 
so its been forever since I've tweet, just wanted to say thaty I love bill! and I hope ya'll have an amazing week 
putting 3 new consultants to work this week. it's a good feeling!  congrats on your offers 
i also realized this weekend how many people are only internet hot...ok catty comment out of the way for the week 
@reaching4amomnt it'll be close, but hopefully they can figure it out  they'll be eating nothing but those cookies for the week tho.
hi everyone, hoping all of you have a good week 
@slapmaster i know i really wanna do some more stuff im out of school in the next week so ill have a few free days a week... ill hit u up 
@luvinjrandsmoke His beard is addressed in this week's LOLs. 
@jt nope not yet. but we have to be out of this one before we close. we are closing on both the same day this week 
i'm eating cookies that have been sitting around for a week now. thanks andrea dear 
@Afrykah heyyy girl.. havent tweeted u all week. hope all is well with you 
@erica_lick sounds like you need a week of digital detox  
@GriffReviews LOL yea I know! I'm almost done with my semester this week  yay!!
YES! getting my sky + back on wednesday  been waiting weeks for it (:
yeah. illuminati. cinema. next week. 
weekend in oHIO  ...frankie's4the first time... not quite as tiny&amp;chill as mac's..ahaa..going2c dANGER rADIO this week XD
blah blah blah. tired and hoping for a little fun time this weekend with B 
@miss_cher yes! tomorrow is dessert day yo. i think i deserve it for having such a hard week. 
up with hubby until what ever time .....one more week until my vacation florida here we come!!!!! 
@sirwobin you've not seen the 'fluteboxer' yet?  saw that last week on facebook (ironically, first) 
@DonnieWahlberg hope you do it up good this summer can not wait till the 19th please make us all proud  have a blast this week
@lisam75 i'm aiming for half marathon in derry in september.. being quite optimistic! only started running last week 
@kayodea i know...blame uni! i'll try and upload something b4 the week runs out tho. going to get my d60 now. 
where's is @suzyperry hiding this week....she must b a busy peeps 
whoo hoo....a week later and still motivated to keep doing what I am doing to get this damn weight off.... 
just been in a really great mood after feeling like shit for a week...this is a nice change. 
@Purplemayte i am loosing about 5 a week through a dr. modified fast  congrats on the pound, it is a start
i have a music banquette tmr, a sweet sixteen next week, and a wedding in the summer. i am all prepared! haha xoxo erin 
@VincentFleo yeah but then i watched employee of the month and it was all good 
well im off to bed... long and awesome week behind me and a long long day ahead..  gotta love it
@TheSUPERGIRL hehe ! mailing what? you mean @lilybet? i dont eat much yogurt but once or twice a week its  plain as well, &quot;muller&quot; brand 
My lil man is a week old 2day 
aight den, my weekend starts now  see u in a couple of hours bye bye! 
@xxbiancaa 18th june is my last, but i only have 3 this week, and then a week off, and then the rest.  im good thanks, you?
@treasaint theres always next week if your interested  x x x
@beverleyknight i hope you are better and taking it easy. I am fine thank you looking forward to a week off  xxx
just reach home  so tired &gt;&lt; gona start planning for next week event  
yey just 3 month! 
@sarkar_purba And is he treating you with all your 'to-eat' wishlist for the week? 
mmkay. so monday=johns last day end of courses this week. then john graduates then exams. then summer 
back from the green dragon. 18month year old nephew on top form   now trying to remember everything i'd forgotten about mod_jk
Doing lots of research today. I gotta step up my game if I'm gonna have any sales this month. 
hello everyone! We're still packing those boxes and preparing to move this week! I'm so excited!!! 
just got home from mcdonalds, last week was my fat week. damn it, i've been eating too much. the gym is awaiting for me 
EEEK only one month tell the coldplay concert 
Working on oblivion. 1 week till expo  http://twitpic.com/5dfzn
you know what is absolutly adorable? a 9 month old chewing on a string bean. 
I was offline for a month just to see if i can leave this addiction for goin online.. turns out i can! 
@jacqueline47 think i will start a little bit earlier as have been good all week.lol 
@konkretejungle things r good up here, busy... human &amp; stada r coming nxt week. @steppo how about july/august... lets do this! 
okie doke. going offline so i can eat and then go to bed early!  very nice weekend even though ben wasnt here. not dreading this week 
@mollydotcom lol I don't remember seeing hasselhoff at the css classes last week! 
finally set up my lcd/hdtv I brought back from my apartment yesterday. goodbye old 13&quot; with a 1/2 working remote I've been using all week 
@NOTCOT hehe...maybe in a year or two!  scary thought! 
is preparing for a 4-wk summer class that starts tomorrow! I'm kinda excited! 
@Mahhtha plan to  going to ft worth for most of week but will spend fri night here again; been 4 yrs since i lived here, hard to believe!
 enjoying my last days of summer &gt;sigh&lt;
@AshleyLTMSYF ah yes the tornado is awesome! looking forward to your melbourne concert next week!!! 
@whitneyelizabet yeah! I'll email you this week sometime....I have a few weddings on the central coast 
She's such a sweety.  eeermmm I don't think we're going anywhere this summer. Only a week till half term  xx
@sulmoney CAYMAN in a month  I have nothing else going on in my lame life.
bon giorno a todos and have a good week 
@DHughesy  hahah  hughesy - i have a 3 month old - and i smelt a poopsy nappy once she was asleep - i would leave her in it till she woke 
bored  and tired. and ill. and have exams all week. not good  i'm so glad i'm seeing cobra saturday to make up for the shit week  &lt;333
@MYIDOLTOWN ooh. that's great!  hmmm. i bet this season's summer tour would be amazing. i wana go to the tour &amp; hug danny =D
@rob_thats_me hehe  ive found some form this week!  it was hard but fun!
Spencer - damn im missin' that boy! wednesday  he's all mine!  only two more days...
Why can we not have this kind of a monday for the market every month.. 
@liencam Yes indeedy. Its really going to happen... its been about a month hasnt it? I won again last wednesday, you know! 
@ladymadonna8 yep seems like they had a luv weekend before he had to leave, since none of them were seen outside the hotel lol 
Oh yeah, this week has already started off great! 
@nowamunkie we're going to bali. finally using one of the cheap/ 'free tix' i bought earlier this year. different destination in nov 
just had a chat to jake  i do miss those ireland boys. so i emailed alx, he's in guatemala. jake's coming back this month !! 
Just got back from an amazing weekend - ok amazing week - forgot what it was like to live with a guy you loved - nice being totally alone 
@DjMrMarquis yo!! didn't go to the D&amp;G ting...you know how i am with a.m's..LOL see you this week!! 
@whiteley yep! and i used last week for revision too 
@CrazyBallerina yes i do ..... have been following for some weeks now  ... but it is more about his show anderson cooper 360 degree
@jl4l happy 9 months  I love you!
Watching snl presidental bash  gotta love the last real week of school
@ontheround riiiight...you and I are not the blushing types you know  You were asked about at the #metweetup lat week 
Emerging writer's festival next week! I am a pseudo-writer, I should go, I wanna go, I will go 
@joafruit heh heh this is hilarious! I'm going to see you at the end of the week  YEY!!
is gonna see my cousin at some point this week! yay 
working on catching up after being gone for almost a week.   It's a good thing   #fb
@callerdotcom oh but I was   I did one on a speed trap a week or so back
why didn't told me someone that three of our corres from french came on saturday? they'll stay for six weeks aah that's so cool 
@PalomarkI i have the house to myself this week. You and ryan should come over and I'll make ya dinner  ryan if u read this its to you too
nom nom omelet. still feeling the unicamp high today. i think it will get me through the week 
...best out of the rest of summer. damn. sounds hard. see ya on june!( / 
sittin in noc  botcon next week. weeeeee
Last day of term in the uk  if the week of streams is at 11 pm I'll be able to watch em  woo!
did i tell y'all that i adopted a homeless kittenlast week?  good karma
oan holiday next week, yeh! 
did i tell y'all that i adopted a homeless kitten last week?  good karma
a planned out week. i love that, don't you??  5 days &amp; countin'!
@nevernotfunny where's my prize from question of the week on ep 323?  
a week on thursday i see my god!!!! britney spears!!! 
@lynnie11 no shit, 14 months?  wow.  i'm trying desperately to work north america into the plans.  maybe i'll get to visit you 
@AshBenzo done filming saturday! heard your pilot got picked up congrats! anytime next week works for me 
this week was a breeze  ha[[y weekends people
more #followfridays later @richardbarley mmm.... not a bad idea but i was really looking for a button  that you add as the week goes on 
@clo37 @xanstamich  break was damn short and after that need to rush for typo. X( sorry. we have it next week, k? 
#followfriday - some tweeps who've chatted this week:  @mrtrev @LizS4ra @rainbowglow @LaChatNoir @AndrewRatcliffe @TitanUK @LisaHartwell 
my hair is reddypurple nows  it looks soso good. next week will be amazing.
it's friday my favorite day of the week - I have a strong connection with this dat! good weekend 
@papercutideas long...  but positive... hope to finalize everything by 1st week of june and then we can go out for drinks and celebrate
@barb72 Lol just to cap off a gr8 week  how u doing?
@tsunimee Yay, congrats! The fresh air maniac is gone for 2 weeks 
@digitaltoast Thanks for the #ff I'm working on mine at the moment! You might even get an #ff from the beeb this week 
sooo excited its friday and a long weekend  yes sir spending time with my mini.
@tokenygaard I suppose I should have thought of this before the season ended yesterday, huh? 
@thatswhack74 hi hun! how was ur day? i've been ok, school was a pain today but i survived  plans for the week&amp;? i think mine will be gr8!
@JoeJGirl2009 i like fall cuz its not to hot or to cold 
@JoReynolds55 well when you are doing something all week its ok to slack towards the end of the week 
@musoSF I'll have that mofo weeping like 2yr old by next weekend... and will video the proof 
me just in a tank top - yep it's summer alright 
@KenaRoth 2/3 prospects, huh? How cool..can't wait until next week 
has it really only been a week?! it feels like it's been much longer than that. oh well...my babe is still amazing since day one 
week off now!! wooo. hope it stays sunny tho.  x
@yashvit yay. bake fun. we're going live on our epic 6 month dev #cakephp in two weeks. i cant wait. im on holiday 
@ultimo119 hope ur week is good 
@dane I'm actually going to interview them in the next week, I'll make your points, see what they answer. Thanks for speaking up 
@Bjthoughts got wed.&amp; thurs. off  maybe next week or I go tell geno808 to stop by and help. I think the vacum is broken.
cannot wait to be in vegas next month 
@snehavp Thanks a bunch!!! you are so sweet! hopefully i'll be better before my finals next week. 
ima start bloggin someday next week 
ugh im still sick fuckk. this weekend should be amazing  1 more week of skool yay ! today was a fun chill day 
@BenAmzaleg  that's so awesome! Congrats...i sold something I've been trying to move for a while too this week 
off for vacation ps and ft fucked me over as usual so better win big away gl all  see u a week from sunday
@Saundraaa ok for sure  we are gonna be out there atleast twice a week like pretty much till september lol
@PumpsAndGloss Lol I was just listening to her cd  I've been playing it all week.
being 21.... possibly overrated?.. atleast tonight. jamesons is dumb. ready for peoria in a week 
i will resume my weight losing excercises next week! hahahahaha! i hope i can 
philippine fashion week?? u got that right. sumpthin sumpthin to fuzz about this summer. thanks eugene for the ticket. see you there... 
@revealling haha, dont worry.. u'll be able to see them in about a month!  how's nizmo doing?
will be in toronto later this year, want some info of swing dance there 
long work week but i will be enjoying my weekend! can't wait!please dont waste your time being unhappy or hating  tooooooodles nighty nite
fuckin' loves @PaoloNutini 's new album. ANYONE buy it when it comes out next week! 
@latinprince whats good homie!! ill be there in 2-3 weeks 
cant wait til her date this weekend 
