Most common words for this cluster:
[('weekends', 162), ('nights', 143), ('mornings', 74), ('row', 14), ('hates', 11), ('sleepless', 10), ('com', 7), ('loves', 5), ('haha', 4), ('http', 4), ('lol', 4), ('u', 4)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'weekends', 0.9055747389793396), (u'nights', 0.8710031509399414), (u'evenings', 0.8125389814376831), (u'afternoons', 0.7888200283050537), (u'mornings', 0.7701695561408997), (u'Saturdays', 0.6939424276351929), (u'Sundays', 0.6844812631607056), (u'Fridays', 0.6284932494163513), (u'Weekends', 0.6219257116317749), (u'daytimes', 0.6107054352760315)]





is knackered after working nights 
all nighters aren't whatsupp 
Wonders why do weekends fly by? And where do they go? 
Hates studying on weekends 
Ugh I highly dislike mornings 
I'm not a fan of cold mornings 
loves spending saturday nights writing an english paper 
@csantopietro I am a medical student. On the weekends I study 
bed with jolynn..i hate last nights in philly, knowing i have to leave tmrw. 
i hate these early mornings. 
One of the best nights of the semester. I hope david feels better though 
@kimmieannxx why do you hate weekends?? 
I hate weekends 
its so hot outside.. weekends now means hiding in ur rooms 
@keishiasc haha me too.  no weekends.
Weekends go too fast 
I hate mornings after.    ugh!
last day at blockbuster...  no more free movies. owell i get my weekends back woot! lol
Y are weekends always this short?? 
Weekends are farrrr too short! 
hates how weekends fly by 
had one of the most productive weekends ever. but missed out on coachella. 
mornings are horrible.    
so  much for weekends!  
I don't want to get out if bed.  Not a good nights sleep. 
Is hating getting up in the mornings and going to work while it is sunny outside..  
can not stop yawning, boohissboo to bad nights 
I am coughing loads I knew the last few weekends would catch up with me  had to cancel tonight and tomorrow nights plans gutted.
@agdymahoozle not around on the weekends 
 the last of the long weekends ......,
we finally have loud music fit for weekends. @adityab me misses apache  and weekends there.
long weekend.....huh, no parties, no booze, no dinners, no outings..its just another week going to end 
and i hate working on weekends when its suny outside 
Why can I never sleep past 7 on weekends 
it's so sad that i can't sleep in past 8:30 on weekends anymore 
UPS Ground service doesn't run on weekends 
I hate working early on the weekends. 
i work too much on the weekends. I'd like to blame my single status on that! 
Blehhh I hate those nights when you feel too full and lonely... 
why I am always working on weekends ? 
why do I wake up so early on weekends? fail 
I don't like working mornings. 
and the weekends over!!!! 
I hate rainy mornings it makes me sad! 
Why do weekends have to pass by so fast ? 
weekends go by wayyyyy too fast 
the weekends over. 
Why are weekends so short...it feels like it just got started and now it's over 
weekends are too short  but still had the best day with my loves stephen and lilly kate!!
@melinachan Aww! I have plans  I have to remember that monday nights are dancing nights &gt;.&lt; I'll put it in my calendar for next time.
Restless nights sleep.  was it the cheesecake?
going to sleep at 3am, 4 nights in a row is exhausting 
I hate the mornings 
I didn't realize that weekends went by so quickly...why do weeks go by so slowly. will miss my lexington! 
I can't believe I've lost the ability to sleep in on the weekends  I want to be lazy!
Weekends nearly over  x
only problem with seeing mcfly two nights in a row is the post gig depression hits you harder. i could cry 
is off to bed, isn't looking forward to work. The weekends go to fast 
thinks his weekends go too fast 
i miss rainy nights 
I should really get a raise seeing as though I have to work on the weekends 
@gilebapaksial for 2nights. your mom planning it. but i don't think i'm going 
tired  and beleives early mornings should be illegal!
thinks weekends go by too fast 
weekends go by too fast. 
sadness....no more hockey nights till the fall 
@photognome I'd be down for that if I didn't work nights  I work till 1240am
hates these early mornings 
I hate mornings 
Two nights in a row. Makes me ----&gt; 
 I thought I had kicked the insomnia bucket after doing so well and actually getting to bed before midnight the past few nights.
Wondering how many people I have to apologize to, after last nights drunken mixshow 
My husband always leaves on the weekends 
Djing slow nights is not fun 
is looking at the clock... Its 6:03 and I've yet to go to sleep... These sleepless nights are getting really old 
weekends are always over too quickly 
the weekends fly by so fast 
Why do weekends always go so fast? 
why does it seem to rain on the weekends  
@laurie_pringle bad nights sleep and now it's light outside  and you should be sleeping soon yourself!!
The weekends are not long enough! 
late nights and early mornings.... 
I wish weekends lasted longer 
@JamesBeezy I don't like mornings when I have to wake up being sad  I'd love mornings if my life'd be better :'(
Ugh early mornings suckkkkk 
just watched last nights the hills...was amazing! I dont want it to end!!  @laurenconradx3
I do not like mornings when i'm tired 
is pretty sure shes in for another shitful nights sleep 
Why must everyone leave me every morning? I miss the weekends! 
@mozwold You know I'm banned at weekends... 
hates trying to get out of bed in the mornings 
I hate early mornings, especially when you're ill 
is tired and has had 3 late nights in a row 
The weekends are here.. I still feel crappy. 
i hate mornings. Even friday mornings. Wish i wasn't so tired.... 
@MickLite7 booooo I have to work at that time  . I wish my boss wouldn't schedule me night shifts and or weekends
@charbrum don't deliver at weekends  @nickbev can place an order for you too and then take it to you for your tea ;)
has two late nights ahead of him. I miss my weekend shorts 
WHY can't garages be open nights/weekends?  I could have had my truck fixed for the long weekend.  But nooo.  
@dancooper not sure I'll make it, train very late and I have to go home first now...  we will keep your invite to our poker nights open!
... **sigh** I hate mornings like this.. 
Only three weekends left with @tdeee 
i am having a really really really bad migrane!! wwhat is up with that for the last couple nights too!! 
Just now getting into my bed...long days = sleepless nights 
@JonAsher jonnn! i cant believe you're not following me! lol after all our stickam nights &amp; even topher grace! how sad  lol
i'm so not excited to go to school  sleepless nights again! so lazy to enroll on monday also...
@cutemama007 3 nights geesh!!! U did it big!!! So in a house loner this weekend  sucks
@ravels hope you have safe travels wherever you are headed. my mornings have not been the same since y'all left the airwaves 
So exhausted..can't sleep. I don't like these nights 
@TerrenceJ106 I'm with you...been up till 5-6 for the last few nights... 
@bimbler I have too much work to drink now.   but I do love afternoons in the pub.
@revfry his fam would disown us if we weren't there!   Both of us really wanted to come to the bbq  but got our weekends mixed up -
I hate going to work on nights that I'm in micro.   At least I get to work with @samaasla!
I have started to fear weekends since joining German classes 
@aplusk I want to meet you! I've been on set the last 3 nights and haven't seen you! 
i love working weekends ... NOT!!! 
Ughhh I hate these early mornings 
@robyntweettweet hmmm - that's what our weekends often look like too 
weekends are supposed to be fun, and here i am doing homeworkkk 
Wishing that I could wake up earlier on the weekends 
I like weekends cause you don't have to feel guilty for how unproductive you are being! 
Sundays are no longer weekends to me. 
Working as always, hate working on the weekends.  oh well
@fleurydelis i do that every weekday  it blows
@MichaelNi I didn't know u paddle. I'm so jelous! I totally miss paddling but I got hula on Sundays when races r 
@qwertyjuan in weekends, most of #mobileoffice locations are crowded 
sick and still shaken up  weekends nearly over eeep
having breakfast after possibly the worst nights sleep ever! 
slowly working through the list over the weekends 
why is it that i can't sleep in on the weekends?????  
@stormierae shit me too. the past two nights i have been goin to bed around 4 and waking upat 7.30 and then going back to bed 
@issahime I suppose there's a chance he'll come back, but we're working on 4 nights now that he's been gone, so it doesn't look good. 
weekends are overrated. i never get to see my husband b/c he works so much and sleeps when he can. on the weekends. 
Too bad as they do a good fry up on the weekends. 
the weekends go to quick 
weekends over.. so here we go again.. 
WHY must the weekends go so fast??? 
so hard to get up on these cold mornings 
i can't sleep this past few nights, dont know why... 
mondays mornings 
When its nice out the weekends go by too fast 
I love hot weekends, but beautiful hot Mondays shouldn't be allowed - especially when you're holed in an a dark recording studio 
Paying for late night/early morning online surfing.....early mornings wake times suck. 
@pbuford no i haven't gotten to see you lately  i need to come down and spend more time in indy on weekends - hopefully this one?
@jennasie crap  I can't get weekends off
@onesweeterlife I think I'd have to pull two double all-nighters to be THAT relaxed. I am so dentist-phobic. 
So boring .... 5 nights in a hotel 
@6is7 frick i work the next two weekends coz my boss hates me 
I hate working the weekends 
@rhettroberts I know hey!  I'm super stoked because I've just found out that the next two weekends are long weekends for me! Yay! =D
@suckmycog must have been last nights show, which I couldn't go to. 
@DJKidFamous I hate mornings  r u back for good or you just visiting ?
@_nathy where were you? Missed you for like 3 nights in a row already 
On lonely nights I start 2 fade 
I hate waking up in the mornings... 
i will never get a good nights sleep will i. 
this evenings plans have been cancelled, no getting drunk for me, bummer!! 
@Andydrummaster i guess but it's just nights like these where i doubt myself. 
I hate mornings.  especially when i'm sick and all i want to do is sleep.
i hate mornings on the weeekend 
lucrative hobbies=no weekends 
Wish mornings start later 
I hate mornings 
with my kind of salary, I should not be working on weekends 
did not have a good nights sleep 
drank 2 nights in a row, but didn't get high even once 
hates lonely nights during the weekends.  http://plurk.com/p/yvj64
It's finally the weekends, but it's cloudy 
@dotoro1018 why sleepless nights? 
My weekends are spent being a hermit 
@lilmo4ever I'm good mama. Just working hard I don't neva really get to enjoy the weekends cuz I work. 
That's 3 nights in a row i've seen the sun rise before i actually go to sleep and im still awake before noon....... 
working three weekends in a row. four in six weekends. fml. 
It sucks to have to work on the weekends.  
watching videos of last nights show doesn't help :p still gutted 
Eating with the boys right now then by the poolside before the sun is gone. Wish weekends were longer 
I am getting out of here. If I stay around I will say things that i will regret. It's best 2leave until I cool off. He ruins my weekends. 
@mileycyrus don't be sad, there will be more nights in la. i'm so sad that i'll never be in L.A . 
some nights you really want to eat maggi before sleeping.. 
Of all the nights I could have done with agood nights sleep, I'm now sitting in the dark at 1am feeling like I want to vomit.  lovley!
@ckelley I know what you mean about waking up. Some how I trained myself to wake up at 6 everyday  it Sucks on weekends...
@Majestic76 I am only up late on weekends and they dont seem to tweet as much then 
Trying to relax, I seem to work harder on the weekends  no rest for the weary I guess.
@measureinlove we need to meet up one of the forsaken weekends turn nyc upside down with me and meg when she gets back. 
working on the weekends is starting to get really old 
sick again  stupid weekends in bed
wondering why I wake up some mornings feeling blech 
had two awesome nights.. and now back to study i go 
Just another one of those nights.... 
weekends are too short 
@lemongeneration  At least we still have the weekends.
last nights' chili+ this mornings coffee = havoc on my tummy... 
i hate having disappointing weekends 
is worried why she has trouble sleeping since two nights ago.... 
the weekends suck when your husband has to work 
I guess nightmare two nights in a row, I guess.....I want my mommy 
is thinking the weekends nearly over 
Wondering why weekends go so fast. 
Weekends are to short! 
I hate when weekends die 
Why do weekends always seem to be on fast forward???  x
I really dislike early mornings  x
Why do I seem to spend my evenings playing with loathsome spreadsheets?  
@Jaoibh I can't go  I'd need 3 weekends in a row off 
Heading to work    I hate the mornings
Maybe I should stop staying up until 4am...especially on nights before rather large assignments are due.  
I find weekends awfully short.  I want to retire.  
I just had the worst nights sleep ever 
I'm so tired, All those late nights are catching up with me 
 i'm just having one of those nights where you feel hopeless.
Face is puffing up due to late nights .. 
summer nights are no fun without boys 
hates that his nights are spent alone now. 
is not too happy about tossing and turning two nights in a row. 
Apohhhh  no more late nights
Has had a good nights sleep but still tired ??? 
knackered from last nights gym session 
Too many late nights and not enough early mornings. 
I hate the mornings  just gettin ready for wk.
I do nottttttt like mornings  -going to work
is tired after a couple of nights up with a little boy with ear infections. 
@kirstenrainee I'll only get fired on the weekends. I can live with that. Lol. And if you don't I'll have to go prepaid. 
Would be nice to take a walk with @yolee. Perhaps we'll have to start taking jogs in the evenings? If only we had a handy babysitter. 
@alejandraz !! are you going to have to work weekends now? 
http://twitpic.com/7l9yl - I miss these nights! 
And goodness know the wicked's nights are lonely 
@EBuffone after spending 6 nights with you, i kinda miss ya. 
; hates lonely nights.  ; 9* celllllll
@Aubs lmao.. sooooooo true.. I've gone to bed at 9pm two nights in two weeks 
two nights in a row past midnight. bad idea 
@seansmithsucks ** in the mornings 
Regretting last nights pizza. Serious threat of it repeating on me 
Physically, mentally and emotionally drained and exhausted yet I haven't been able to sleep for several nights 
3 more nights in the bethnal palace.  
This is quite irritating as even though I keep having decent nights sleep I'm still knackered when I get up 
@TARAKISTLE I went to garage nights, you don't miss me going? 
really wouldnt like a repeat of last nights dream tbh!!  would like monday nights back tho &lt;3, i seem to be dreaming loads recently &quot;/
hankering for a ride..  too cold in the mornings to ride to work (soft!) and haven't had time on weekends. gotta get the priorities right!
do not enjoy mornings 
I hate mornings 
just got up to start nights again 
is working hard to get his lovely abs back.. im so sorry I cheated on with many in&amp;out outings.. I miss u.. I want u back 
@euphoriaphotog two nights ago at lacma! when i got there, there were no seats left 
@JoyBethxo well I am hoping the manager is still looking out for an opening. I miss our early zombie mornings. 
Not slept well for three nights 
@GarethCliff we miss you in the mornings 
Ugh I hate mornings... 
one of the nights i despise having to live in woodlands 
Why cant i get a good nights sleep?  i hurt all over
I don't have to wear my retainer anymore! (except for at nights  )
@xolp  I hate getting up in the mornings!!
ugh cat woke me up and can't fall back asleep  2 nights in a row
@comicqueen  have you ever not worked midnights?
I am about to clean my basement after it flooded because of last nights storm 
hates early mornings  ugh
Dammit, these children won't get up before 8 on a weekday, but on weekends they're up at 630 
well back to working doubles on the weekends 
why do I always wake up so damn early on weekends when I can sleep in?! 
@baronvoncarson on the weekends  over it
@Shmana68 i miss those hungover mornings  been a while.
Silly working weekends with early mornings 
i have a feeling the next 3 weekends r going to suck and b lonely 
the nights shifts are done ......for now 
sick on weekdays ....... workin on weekends 
i hate working weekends 
@cheesygiraffe I wish I could've stayed up later.  I hate going to bed early, especially on the weekends!  
I hate mornings 
Is to earlie for this ,why do I have to work on the weekends 
its unnatural to have to get up before 9 on weekends. so tired. 
Mornings suck  why don't little kids understand the meanings of weekends?!?! Now.... Where's my coffeeeeeeeeeeeee?
@mewize I wish  I quit signing up for weekends
is missing saturday nights with @mapol and @jajajas.  http://plurk.com/p/12fyvm
Uggggh...  mornings..... 
uuugggggggg i hate working on the weekends  boo
Wish I didn't have to work weekends 
about to go to cinema bt really need to crack on with arabian nights 
Weekends are boring now 
As u can c this is me when I wake up  not the best but hey we have r mornings. http://twitpic.com/7xfk7
i dont understand why rainy saturday nights r so lonely 
gettin ready for bed. weekends almost over 
I am so exhausted. Wow, we really knock out our weekends... And we didn't even get a chance to finish all of tonights activities. 
hate how fast weekends go  blahhh.
hates working on the weekends... always missing the funnnn 
Too early, want my bed  i hate early mornings.
I hate busy weekends! 
I'm off to bed  .... early mornings are killling meeeee!!!
I just realized i left my blanket at lyssas  nights all!
the weekends over, back to schooool 
off to work again 3rd out of 4 nights that I haven't slept in my own bed 
ohhhhhhhhhhhh I don't know  I should cease these sleepless nights...
thinking about what subjects to pick/ select  going to go to bed, nights. xo
working on weekends in my notice period  m managing it very badly!!
heading back to dub soon...why are weekends so painfully short?! 
Pretty sure I hate working weekends!!! 
why do weekends go so quick 
i hate weekends, i miss you too much 
After all i went thru with u,all that we had, all that we did and nights i cried myself to sleep and u do this to me.. i still love u tho 
I had a bad dream. Two nights in a row  huhuhu
Oh I hate working out in the mornings. No energy  
Watching last nights jon and kate even though i know what happens 
Last nights chinese isnt agreeing with me 
hates early mornings  ugh
All bad All bad. I hate when nights end badly. I'm sad now 
and who decided mornings were so great? 
Sleepless nights are the worst when you really want to dream 
VERYsleepy, need to get earlyer nights 
I hate those mornings when you wake up and you want to take some nice long conscious breaths but it aches to breathe  :/
ihad the worst nights sleep going and has woken up feeeling soo soo sick 
I hate mornings, 
@PirateEric I am really trying to get to one of those, but they keep being on weekends I have other things scheduled  (or too far)
@luvinmycurves where was my invitation to last nights meal 
ugh. I don't like mornings.. 
I really don't like mornings...I don't feel so well 
@soundwav2010 At least I won't be the only one feeling lost! This may cause me many later than usual nights, already addicting 
@jashiu you forgot to add weekday mornings  #song #video
likes Chilly mornings 
@missgiggly shaping up to be one of those weekends 
@MajorDodson only on the weekends though 
Loves mornings like these 
It feels amazing to be able to sleep late.  Yay for weekends and pretty weather.
@TWCWeekends i already told most of em what i watch on the weekends ( weather channel  and after what they heard from me they watch u now!
Sitting in a circle talking about last nights fuck ups are the shieeet! 
Friends for dinner tonight and late bedtimes for the kids.  That's what schedules are for - fun nights to throw them off. 
@KursaalTom better i'll invite you for a drink too ;) trust me, you will love that beach i'm usually visiting on weekends 
@owlcity your music helps me through my sleepless nights 
@TeeMonster I need to have mornings like that 
waiting for the weekends.......................waitiing for my convocation ..................'ve been waitiing 
@Socallove only on the weekends ;] and it's friday!  haha
good mornings.. india 
feeling a little better now.... recovering from last nights all you can eat.... 
@polokenny good mornings 
yeaay i'm up i love weekends and the ability to sleep it  new pictureeee!
@SoCaSunshine I work nights too..what do you do? 
@drgnkiyo I work nights.  This is technically lunch 
reminiscing of last nights antics  x
@afetterly i did too .. i tend not to be around on the weekends 
http://twitpic.com/4j9eo this is  how it looks at nights 
Going to bed...I love the weekends 
I love nights like these 
Loves warm spring mornings 
my insomnia flew away, sleepless nights are over. 
@juliamacinnis oh no!!!!  no more double weekends for you! 
What a night it has been!  i love ma weekends!
Long weekends are perfect to work on projects 
Just got up a l'il while ago.....late nights/early mornings r the BEST!!!!! 
@MyLifeWithFibro and only dangerously tired in the afternoons when I'm driving - so I am very careful.  I wish I had a garden 
tired of these late nights and early mornings...but relay was amazing 
@thetori haha I know those kinda nights.. Ahhh alcohol, it's so amazing 
@joolzgirl haha! I understand, you can try it anytime you want. Looking forward to your tales of sleepless nights 
...why am I awake!?! I'm such a nite owl but I am a bear in the mornings!!!  gggrrrrr
I love long weekends 
Sleepless nights. fantastic. 
I love balcony nights with @SUUUZE and @ SpencerBCarter 
loves jv.  i promiseeeee! no more off nights&lt;/3 LAKERS!! [www.SOYFASHIONISTA.com]
Looking forward to a peaceful nights sleep 
downloading like mad for programs to sustain me this weekends 
Weekends starts now.... 
@GordonKelly So, how confident are you about the weekends football? nervous yet? 
I love long weekends! 
Endless nights grow breezy as I am all at ease... 
@chelsealately I love the show! And your books...very funny  E! only show repeats at midnight some nights over here though!
had a good nights rest.. 
http://twitpic.com/61cyr - One of the best nights ever 
@PapareBoy dunno, I only see him on weekends 
Warm nights at the waterfront. 
Ahh, 2 nights 2 concerts. As fun as it was, it's nice to be able to go to sleep the same day I wake up. 
@antipov well by that logic weekends are 'socialist'    #p2
Late nights with the fresh prince 
lost the jonas livechat -.- but tonight was one of the best nights in my lifee 
these nights just keep getting better 
1 hour left ... to start for dis weekends trek from pondy 
