Most common words for this cluster:
[('weekend', 1765), ('day', 52), ('fun', 49), ('lol', 44), ('time', 41), ('way', 37), ('week', 37), ('rest', 28), ('plans', 27), ('hope', 26), ('busy', 25), ('u', 25)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'weekend', 0.9123963713645935), (u'week', 0.6764668226242065), (u'summer', 0.6246011257171631), (u'night', 0.6122351884841919), (u'weeked', 0.5926877856254578), (u'day', 0.5905730128288269), (u'Saturday', 0.5840504765510559), (u'Labor_Day', 0.5825414061546326), (u'weekends', 0.5753093957901001), (u'wekend', 0.5715959072113037)]





the angel is going to miss the athlete this weekend 
@lunafiko can't wait to try em but prolly have to wait until next weekend at the earliest 
Has a bit of a scratchy throat  I hope it goes away before thursday and my weekend of fun!
@hairpins ohh how i envy you natalieeee! i need a new wardrobe, and something to wear out the weekend after this! 
@acummings I've got return tickets booked for this weekend  If the exchange rate wasn't so bad I'd go, but don't mind missing it really.
Working  but looking 4ward 2 thailand and this weeks bank holiday weekend!
has just discovered the downside of going away for the weekend - the food shopping still needs done 
Thinking of the fun we missed last weekend but had to work 
AM wishing i took easter weekend off work 
last night was way to over whelming... i need to get away, and ive just gotten back..  8.5 more weeks and then the fun begins.
is catching up on his tv shows while getting ready to work this whole weekend 
goin to bed to start, what I'm assuming is going to be a short weekend 
a boring weekend 
I will be studying, researching and writing all weekend long... shoot me! 
@ender540 hope that kidneystone doesnt completely ruin your weekend 
I hate being sick   I want to be out enjoying my weekend but I know I need to sleep this off.
no parties this weekend  just me and my final paper... sucks
@SongzYuuup i was suppposed to go to philly this weekend  and i DIDNt!! guess i missed out! lol
this weekend will consist of my trying to write my research paper... oooo so much fun 
hates having $7,000 in the bank and not being able to get to it until tuesday!!  so is broke all effing weekend!!  
@kevn916 hella days ago! my roommate was going last weekend but then everyone bailed on us so we didnt go 
@ayeekat haha thnx 3 the heads up. weekend plans? working.. and essay writing  hbu?
We just can't seem to win this weekend...bummer 
love calling my clients on a weekend.  
Spending a beautiful weekend in bed with the flu really sucks. 
@L102 aww, I wish I could have been there!  are you still around next weekend, maybe we can meet up for drinks!
We were suppose to go camping this weekend, bad weather changed those plans 
was trying to have a twitterbreak this weekend but failed...i'm an addict 
): Boring weekend feels left out once again 
didnt do anything all weekend 
back from run, at least did some exercise this weekend as the boys piked on the ride this morning 
Should be sleeping but working the weekend graveyard shift 
its sunday and still i am trying to find my weekend spirit 
huh! I didn't even realize that weekend has come and almost gone..   I want my weeekends offffffffffffff ..
feels sick to her stomach from how crazy busy this weekend has been.. 
Oh crap weekend is over tomorrow   
spending the whole weekend kerning 
another awesome weekend coming to a close.. 
@panacea81 My weekend was pale and sad.  how was urs? grand i hope?
Trying to write this article! I'm soooo sleepy from the weekend. 
great weekend! birthday went out with a bang lol! back to college 2mro! 
I know I owe myself a tan and some sand! Shamefully I think I work memorial weekend  I suck.
miserable...atleast my tempwent from 101.3 to 99.9....so much for enjoying the weekend!  
@LeahRuth aww bb that's not fun  if it helps i totally had one this weekend, woo yay ;)
its sunday  that means the weekend is about to be over  booo
..where did the weekend go 
around, soo much homework   had a good weekend though !
oh what a fun weekend..... but now it's time to work 
Wow sunday already... why does the weekend fly by so fast 
feels terrible. who gets sick on spring weekend? 
i want a show to that rocks my weekend 
@m4rkh Going away with my mum this weekend, so won't be around  Sounds ace though, reckon it's possible to do another one in a few weeks?
@letsridebikes oh no!   yeah... the line is known to wrap around... especially on the weekend.
cant we have a 3 day weekend 
The weekend went by waaay too fast 
is back to work after a sunny weekend... damn... 
@svanna how's your disertation going?weekend was good thanks.went to the beach then out to o'neils in the evening.back to work today 
putting my red-skinned ass to bed.. another weekend has gone by.. 
another weekend without reaching wave 50 
@AchtungMusic bet the tube is quite from people taking a long weekend, it wont last 
morning everyone. my weekend was too short  what about yours?
bloody shattered after a weekend of painting, but back to work now 
Again working, the weekend is way to short 
the weekend isn't enough!!!  http://plurk.com/p/p54tw
found out today the lovely lady up the road died at the weekend 
Oh no! The weekend is over  That sucks! Have a great week, everyone.
i killed my beautiful hydrangea over the weekend,note to self if u like going away for the weekends,dont get yourself a hydrangea.how sad 
i had the best weekend ever!!! shame its over 
is wondering where this weekend went?... like every weekend  They all go by wayyyy tooo quickly
had a great weekend with my little one, but now back to reality and work.  
@toyboxstudio i synced this morning hoping that would happen, no joy! it only happened after a sync at the weekend 
I still haven't started homework yet  I suck.  Sure wish it was the weekend and that it was raining.  That would make me happy.
coachella this weekend   
@AlohaJohn I'm just tired of my B card dropping my G network speeds.   @ksmarshall reminded me when he was here this past weekend.
this weekend is a busy one  arrrrgh hate it
is with my dad this weekend 
At the camel for my last weekend in richmond 
@kfaye keep me updated; i'll be all over this weekend..&amp; far from a tv 
spending the weekend with aliyah... and she just had a nightmare.. poor thing 
@masonicboomk8 nothing like a cold to ruin your bank holiday weekend 
yay i get a three-day weekend im so happy! i get to play with my bffs.. even though i don't have any 
No pubbing this weekend   crap
It's going to be a long weekend, and not in a good way. 
@BrydieW I would if I didn't have so much work to do  Next weekend though, I should be completely free of coursework :]
Wants to be outside in the sun all weekend, not cooped up inside 
In the park..omg bank holiday weekend and the coffee mans not here  wats that about??
Parents know, grounded for this weekend 
@rockeye I wish I had a long weekend.  have u started on the beer yet?
another weekend wasted.. headache.. internet and party in evening.. 
A long weekend... just means another opportunity to revise lol... great 
is having a lazy weekend...it's raining every now and then... 
looking forward to the weekend - the part after i work saturday...  
is looking forward to the weekend - the part after i work saturday... 
@droccc I think I need to sit my butt down this weekend.. 
its bank holiday weekend nd i cant do anything  
stupid nice weather on my stupid weekend to work means stupid people will be bugging me. 
On r way 2 the vball game...so sad all the bball tournaments this weekend AND next weekend were cxld - darn swine flu!! 
@iluvmyTC ...if it ain't 1thing it's another ..i neva stop praying for you, hopefully this weekend will be a little calm  gMourning
the plan for today: @tealangelina and I are going to see a movie, then have dinner and watch twilight. its our last weekend together!! 
Another rainy weekend 
i wish somehow i was at bamboozle this weekend 
@GallifreyReject  so is it raining there? we have flash flood warnings for the entire weekend! 
twittering? ah......I work all weekend...no fun in punxsy for me 
 so pm this weekend started out greaaaaat even though manduh had to leave meh 
I have way too much to do and I can't believe it's my last weekend here 
i wish i was at bamboozle this weekend 
screwed up his relationship with his roommate this weekend... 
is having a great weekend and going to work later  not excited about that...! trying to find a ew job... hopefully!!!!
This bank holiday weekend is going too fast for my liking! 
@sophhay awww now you make me want to have done that today!  LOL. next weekend?? oh wait daym im going to waihi  gaay! weekend after ??
Up looking crazy. I can't sleep. What a weekend. 
weekend is halfway done 
no weekend love for me, working on Sundays 
@supersecretz bummer. hope u didnt miss the weekend too bad 
I said I'd do something this weekend and I didn't  i hate not being able to keep a promise 
back to books. Having a bad weekend 
Watching something for the weekend...not feeling to good 
awesome cuddles, awesome weekend and it'll all be over tomorrow 
is home after a great weekend down the coast.  Now for a busy week at work 
had a god weekend but feeling ill now. 
had a awesome weekend with alisha, but shes left me now 
wonders how the weekend can be half over already.  http://plurk.com/p/rj2u6
@MajorProblem  - hey got here safe - going back tonight - stoopid road drivingness  hope your having a wonderful weekend! 
i dont want to work todaaaay  i cant have an entire weekend offf?
no videos this weekend  sorry!
so sad i'm not at bamboozle this weekend 
I have mostly spent this weekend feeling I'll on the sofa 
Eating a banana and wishing the weekend wasn't so short 
had another awesome weekend in vegas! time to leave 
Still not feeling very well  I had big plans for the 5 day weekend which ain't going all that well so far
@colewilquet nm. i don't want the weekend to end... 
fuckn mondays....WTF happened to the weekend! 
@flem88 thanks buddy, its been a really brutal weekend. tomorrow 
@ImaPiscesSoul yeah rained most of the weekend...yesterday wasnt bad but i didnt have time to hop on..back to work without my release 
@rylon No bank holiday here, just a really crappy weekend.    Has to get better though, eh?
feels awful about ditching a freind twice in the same weekend 
busy, busy, worked all weekend. 
wishing my anniversary weekend could last forever...tomorrow busy-ness as usual. 
Wishes the weekend could be a little longer 
That was a great weekend. . .sucks that it's over 
I had the best weekend ever! now its over!  about to go take a shower!
I don't want the weekend to be over. It went by way too fast 
the weekend is long enuff 
doing laundry. can't believe the weekend is over already 
the whole weekend went by and I didn't get to blog 
another great weekend. i never want to leave delaware 
thinks this weekend went by too fast 
a weekend of wolverine, awkward brunches, and cherry blossoms. rain to be continued all week 
Where did the weekend go??? 
@geek_syndrome about the headaches, well... mine decided to make its appearance this weekend and i dont wanna take the med again 
really bored....regreting not doing anything this weekend 
@LaurelEdelstein  its almost your weekend, loverpants. Wuuuuv you! (And think its totally acceptable to twitter at soupplantation)
first weekend of my vacation OVER....2 to go 
is sad that her weekend trial of the Metopera videos is over 
All my guests have left. This weekend went by way too fast 
Two things i hate most- not calling back like you said and breaking plans.  He did both this weekend 
I didn't even get to watch wolverine this weekend.. so disappointing. 
Wishing the 3 day weekend wasn't almost over  Bahhh back to work grrrrr
why do i always get so many mysterious bruises after a weekend of going out? 
Where did my long weekend go? 
i've been bit 8 times over the weekend by midgys what ever their called mosquitos? thats the only downside to the weekend 
Almost over a bug I picked up over the weekend 
Ugh. Mondays suck. I just want my weekend back 
is ready for a busy week......aww man. weekend happened too fast. sad face 
@wtcc what happened to the video over the weekend? 
I have so much to do this weekend my head's going to fall off! What a crappy week to have your birthday 
@ctabita if it's any consolation, this weekend isnt quite what i was expecting either. 
I hate when weekend tours end  can I just tour forever, please?!
This weekend totally suck, I am so mad 
@marlyrae aww sorry i forgot to call you! i can't come over...got LOTS of homework  next weekend though...long weekend!
This weekend has been so much funnn. its almost over tho 
@chris_leung Would love to, but have to move apt's that weekend   Haven't packed yet...
I don't like weekend cause i have no chance to meet you 
and there goes another weekend...way too quickk 
Sally and i made friends this weekend. Unfortunately the intrest is not mutual. But we made it awesome. I get to be 23 for 21 more hours 
this weekend has flown by...feels like it should be saturday..i fecking hate it when that happens 
@ericalyns im so sad i couldnt be your cup this weekend  but i hope you had helllla fun
wish i could go to the #big weekend# but i didnt get tickets 
weekend extinguishing fires 
i didnt do anything over the weekend....y!!!!   
@reidness me too. not exactly the bestest thing to be doing on a *sunny* weekend. (sunny = as if.)  
@wendy_fred6 It feels like the whole guild just stopped playing, but then nearly everyone hit 80 same weekend of release, except me 
@REGYATES : i used to live in swindon but moved south and really wanted to get to swindon for the big weekend with my friends  !
hates this weekend 
but...@floppyflopsome...can't you come for just one weekend?  ps. I am so confused too...
I need to strip some wallpaper after the F1, I have been putting it off for weeks but it has to be done for next weekend. 
@grimmers Hellooorrr,,im new to twitter and only go it to keep up to date on this whole big weekend thing. I live just down the road  wahh
Crossing the bridge, back to the books.  amazing weekend with mike
@tequilasam anna phoned me earlier from radio 1 big weekend when white lies were playing, i wanted to be there 
@YourSpecialV i miss you!  saw victor and laura and other people this weekend. not the same without you!
had a lovely weekend, having to get uniforms ready now though 
it has been a quite exhausting weekend. i'm tired, but i have to prepare a presentation 
And thats a wrap for the first weekend, only 3 shows left! 
heather, i'm sorry your car got broken into   were there other reasons for having a sad weekend?  will we dog park tomorrow??
no homework done this weekend 
i am dooing homework!!  (can't believe that they give it out over the weekend!!!    :9
the weekend went by fast 
@mgi88s maaaan, i'm mad at you. no star trek this weekend.  can we at least have our wire/transformers &quot;date&quot;?
another weekend gone 
@chuutena heck yeah.  i tried to hook up with him this weekend, but you know how that worked out 
im so tired. had quite the eventful weekend, almost sad to see it end. back to work tomorrow 
i am possibly going to wheeling this weekend to see my friends graduate even though i should be with them.  it's going to be a sad day.
feeling absolutely crap, this cold sucks  hope to get over it by the weekend
is going to miss @ohindiegirl this weekend 
@noelsabrina It's this weekend.   Just found out we both have to work ALL wknd!! I went to Albertsons and spent $10 on guac to compensate.
The dogs have just gone to mum's for the weekend. I waved them goodbye 
@Cheapflights_uk hmmm.. No I don't fancy bankrupting myself by flying up next weekend  that's stupidly expensive
@amykishek oh  what are your plans for the weekend?!
@GrowlyBear There's nary a long weekend in sight! 
looking forward to this weekend xD grrrr just got to get through boring friday at school 
@Murdersandwich lol popow nice tweets from last weekend 
@happytrees I've been feeling like shit lately.  It's doubtful I'll see you this weekend siince I'm not feeling any better. 
@iamnotsteve Eurovision is this weekend? That's rubbish, I have plans 
@brittjen britttt i NEED a sleepover this weekend 
@ce54r I know  All my friends seem to be out of town this weekend. I guess every weekend can't be busy-filled..I'm sure that's good.
I hate thinking its a weekday,so when I put it to a certain channel to watch something,they're not givin it since its a weekend,lmao. 
tokyo! is @ tower this weekend! to bad little ashes isnt opening in slc...or ever 
@MsCraftyIYNasty I won't be able to make the show either, bummer  when are they playing that weekend?
jus got home this weekend sucked  hella lonely now  i miss you babe 
is sad the weekend is almost over.... time to find that bottle of gin again 
so bored, sad &amp; frustrated... coz i haven't maximized my weekend 
Last day for nude weekend for awhile 
can't sleep. this is really unusual for the weekend. too much on my brain. 
tired after a pretty good weekend and now on a crash diet to fit into my ball dress properly  oh well lol
oh  The weekend is over.
@myfabolouslife i wish i was n miami for memorial day weekend! 
great weekend. few good purchases today. but lost the 'short circuit' dvd i bought for $9   also got a spontaneous haircut, new style.
didn't get to go camping on friday for the weekend. boo me 
@iainholder I almost signed up before realising that weekend's not free  considering so devday
still so sick  at my moms for the weekend so she can take care of me
tt's all for diving this weekend! 
Still haven't heard from model - looks like I have a day off from shooting this weekend 
Where has the weekend gone 
uhg its soooo grosssss and i wanted this to be a good weekend!  well next weekend its of to wyomming yay i think
I really need to concentrate more. I think my brain's had enough after a weekend of studying 
Reached level 27 on my priest, can I make 30 this weekend? Probably not 
What da hell happened to the +25C they promised us? It's cloudy and cold out there. So much for a hot long weekend 
wishes he had his bike over this long weekend 
Is hurting from all the drinking this weekend 
3 hours max with justin all weekend 
@punchdouble womp... A weekend too late, I know 
bfff gone back to airport  was a brilliant weekend! movies and food and lots of chatting. also, saw star trek twice. what can i say but...
epic weekend with @wearetheoceans now time to simmer down and revise until the 15th  also ps cyril sorry about the duvet
nothing to do on the long weekend 
  Another expensive weekend trip to the vet.
aww I miss @michellezink @kamigarcia and @mstohl     sad weekend without them 
Eeeks gained like 5 pounds this past weekend 
Our site is down...the #GCDH over loaded us!!   We'll be back up soon.  Unfortunately, web assistance takes the weekend off.
I can't go out this weekend. I've got savings for sydney I can't spend 
Why does the weekend always get followed by a bloody workday 
i need a retreat after the retreat. What happened to my weekend?! 
why cant my lifee be one big weekend ehh/...i dont get it 
had a great weekend back to feeling sick 
weekend is over  united won the league  i've nothing to say on the subject!!
getting some last minute laundry done before I hit the sack... is the weekend really over ? 
goor morning everyone, how come the weekend seems to fly by soooo quickly 
I was surprised that I didn't win the lottery this weekend, I really thought I would 
Another monday at the office, that weekend was way to short.. trying to find a hard disk here 
another bad weekend for the crows 
Still feeling shabby after a poorly weekend 
airport to drop @LiamLynchPhoto  but fear not, i will hit the capital next weekend. and the two three after that! rad.
@LilGrasshopper I miss the beach...I hope to go next weekend lol.  sad that you don't have proms  They're really fun ;)
almost 415am. been at umc for 12 hours. its cold n not comfy, but im not leaving his side... weekend started out too perfect. 
@bad_sector  going to be in jersey this weekend so ill be missing out on the cylob 
I ate waaaay too many cookies this weekend.  I suck 
is wishing the rest portion of her weekend weren't over already 
i forgot to do the pictures over the weekend 
Man it's to early   Where did the weekend go?
is super duper tired...missing the great weekend i had 
@StaceyH86 same i hate weekdays so boring  got much planed for the weekend?
I'm wondering if we should go away for the weekend. D.C. ideas never took off... 
@GaspodeX aww babes. still, you know ypourself when its time to visit doc.  huggles at weekend, k?
this weekend's fair was good, barely made my booth fee though 
I hate being sick. I have to pack for everyone for this weekend's trip and I'm missing my gym workout. uuuuugh  
@GiraffeJo i can't lass, i've got to cover some gigs this weekend for souncity! 
had a great weekend but this monday is NOT going as planned, my youngest is getting sick all over 
ready for another weekend... No, wait it's just monday 
doinnnn' some hmwk, projects, studying, what a nice way to end this long weekend 
oh wow. i definitely had an amazing weekend. time to get back to work, though. i miss the river  yesterday was amazing!
This weekend is my 20th high school reunion &amp; I'm going to miss it. 
After a shopping this weekend I have concluded I will never be a 'dress person'. They're either too long / not created for boobs.  *sigh* 
Feeling a little bit better, but still not 100%. Taking as much medicine as I possibly can...I don't want to lay in bed all weekend long 
hates being broke  especially on the weekend to cause all i wana do is go out
I've had to dep all my gigs out this weekend due to my neck/back  Never had it this bad before, getting old, time for yoga/chiropractor.
Weekend XD bet it'll rain  but that means that I can watch dvds :O
I have to study like all weekend I can think of a million things I would rather do 
I swea I think everybody will be in miami this weekend...cept me 
So the server I host all my sites finally shut down.... looks like I'll be looking for a new host over the weekend!!! 
is going to avoid her rattly house for the weekend 
@flyboypatrick It's in all likelihood that I won't be on again this weekend 
chagining fonts is not my idea of good weekend .. 
Oh hey strep throat. Thanks for ruining my weekend. 
friday gimmick in the office  but always looking forward for the weekend!
Any special plans this weekend, I've none 
Things r not going as planned this holiday weekend, but I'm sure I'll get over it 
please pray for my gram her cancer is taken the best of her.. not doing well at all  going to work at 12-530 then camping for the weekend
My baby is gone for the weekend 
Jealous of everyone who has a long weekend as oppose to me who foes not 
Packing for a weekend trip with 4kids. This outa be fun. 
Working  But gotta love the 3 day weekend.
@matrixpro I have to work this weekend.  No fun for me... 
happy to have a bank holiday weekend. looking forward to work ending. day is dragging a little 
@ThomDaugherty what?! you're playing the pageant tomorrow night and i didn't know?? shoot. It's commencement weekend 
I think I'm gonna skip the GGGS this year since it's race weekend, too.  
@OfficialJoBros come to ireland on a weekend!! i cant go tou your concert because im not allowed miss school 
Its the worst feeling waking up and thinking its the weekend when in reality its not and I still have to go to class 
@swillsey It closes that soon? I was hoping to go see it, but I won't be able to go this weekend. 
yayy, it's flippin' friday! although i now have a weekend of work ahead of me.. 
finished new resume and b-card.  working the whole weekend 
I want to do something fun this weekend 
Its supposed to rain all weekend  boo
is in a blah mood and not looking forward to the weekend or next week 
*sigh* I miss my friends.  This weekend needs to turn around, or I'll be miserable.
tired, fed up and a weekend of no sleep on its way 
was thinking of having a relaxing weekend not working, but alas I have homework  must get my analyses done before my durban trip tuesday
so sad i wont be riding this weekend 
Everyone is havin a fun holiday weekend except for me 
@waxkrayon Aww, bummer  We'll have to play this weekend!
is gonna go running this weekend...........long course is very long 
@oxpinkyxo I'm working aaallll weekend, closing and I can't spend any $$  
Is home from kingsville for the weekend...glad to be home but misses kingsville. 
sad to leave the cities this weekend 
@devmcgill rub it in!!!  I'll be working on many assignments all weekend!!!!
so bummed about not being able to go see @diazdave this weekend. i miss him very much 
getting ready for a weekend with less than 100 bucks  fun
@kbeaudet yay! when are you coming down? i work a bunch this weekend 
is up with a nasty cough i cant be sick i have a huge weekend ahead of me 
sprained my ankle  like really badly and tore some stuffs. it hurts! and its my birthday weekend 
jessie has gone away 4 the weekend!! I miss her already 
to spend the weekend...to not spend the weekend.....that is hte question that is on my mind... 
@charlieboy808 : thats if u go on a weekend. 
has to do two 50 page assignments this weekend  there goes any chance of relaxation!!
Deucie picked up by his sitter for the weekend. 
@kaliie i'm sorry but LOL! what is this about? waitt... you think your mum would still let you do bday stuff this weekend? 
Kyles going out of town this weekend  play time wif my fwiends. Rawrrr.
??? weekend standby duty?????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
is off to get her hair cut in the morning, and is not looking forward to spending a weekend alone 
looks like another sober weekend ahead... 
My friends are mocking my weekend!  @JamesPMacDonald have they been talking to you?
@ToyStory2wasOk The party has to be moved to next weekend  ..stupid weather.
@jodiekearns I'm there all weekend, expecting it to be way too hot 
@robbin_g that is so odd. i wanted to see it this weekend 
Has got to look for a job this weekend 
@bcabeza I'm going to jordan &amp; jeffs wedding next weekend in atl. 
It's the weekend, its sunny..... and I got another puncture!!! 
$4 lonestar pitchers at @mugshotsaustin ?  If only I wasn't still recovering from last weekend's bout of irresponsible gluten consumption 
spending most of the weekend working.. that doesn't even sound fun 
I can't wait to start my weekend. I'm so sick of working, I have to self-medicate, and I'm fresh out of herb 
@Valholla that's sad  what kind of mess are you getting into this weekend?
This weekend. I will be in dallas so no kandy koated around the H 
I'm sick of being sick. The weekend is here and I'm ready to party 
Thinking about all of the cleaning and organizing that needs to be done over the weekend! 
it's friday but i have to work the weekend 
looks like we're rained out for weekend climbing 
so sleepy! boyfriend's leaving for the weekend 
@itssmarieeee haha i see im so bored rite now.. it seems like everyone is headin to vegas this weekend 
@allahpundit never a relaxing weekend for the allahpundit 
No tourney 'til next weekend =   http://bit.ly/2xDPf
Is up way to early for a saturday  though its nearly my weekend!
@RussellMoyer ahaha i know. but now i can't do anything over the weekend 
@AmBamThankYaMam so i spoke too soon.... &amp; my weekend may be delayed for like 20 more min  aaaah i gottaaa get outttt of here b4 i lose it
Getting all annoyed cos this weekend's going to be hot. I'm bloody working 
Is getting excited for the weekend.......Or, hang on, i am going to be all alone   never mind, excitement lost
@Allierosen YAY!!! but im very sad, because i just got a flight in next weekend for my friends benefit  Have a wonderful time!!!
is sooo tired and too busy to tweet  im glad the weekend is here... yay 4 day-weekend 
&lt;--has no internet for the weekend 
bed rest for all weekend and next week  neomonia suck
@mateomac l'm on 3 days too matt. No fun this weekend. 
@LesbianDad i really wish i could make it! a 12 hr. drive just isn't going to happen this weekend. 
11 Days left until freedom. I really just want to get through this weekend. I hate essays. 
@juandeleon1021 don't be mean....I'm having to give him to my brother this weekend 
gradation was a success! now to face the weekend without my man 
nothing to do on the weekend 
@HillaryWill What's your bowling average? *wishes I was watching you race on tv this weekend* 
the commissary owns my soul this weekend 
and i thought it was going to be a pretty okay weekend. 
i miss talking to my weekend friend 
doesn't feel like working what so ever this weekend  blah
Didnt think tonight could get better; my sailor is coming to spend the weekend with me before he leaves monday for naval training 
what a way to spend a weekend ay 
Pissed my friend is bailing on me this weekend. 
move in dayyyyyyyyyy!!!!!! too bad i wont have internet for the weekend 
Oh wait I forgot its the weekend now. everybody but me has a fuckinglife. 
i'm jealous of everyone at weekend in the wilderness. i wanted to go. 
what a crazy friday, what a start for the weekend 
@alneeZy no  i miss mt p too, but i think im goin up there next weekend!
have to get up before 12 because new beds being delivered.  that should be illegal on a weekend 
I know this sounds crazy, but the weekend came too soon 
Money is great but a weekend without weekend fun is not so great 
@MsClovisEskimo working on the weekend 
needs to stop updating about how hurt and upset I am. I actually let a fool like you ruin my weekend. I hate saying that I hate you 
@coopertreez: aww I'm going out of town for the weekend  sorry but have fun and take shots for me lol
My last weekend in my apartment 
mmm sunny weekend, shame I still don't have my car back 
**but that means no netball next weekend 
I think it's going be warm this weekend.  I don't like it getting hot.
Going to be another busy and stressful weekend as usual :| 
one more working weekend  ...why do they have demos on mondays!???!
Not looking forward to the rest of the weekend, first shut down on my own tonight 
@tynanhooper looks fab!!!  I'm in the northwest this weekend - it's clouded over  there's my plans for sunbathing gone!!!
why doesn't the A ever run express on the weekend? 
No golf this weekend..hubby working o/t.   I think I'll restring the clothesline.  It's looking rather droopy and sad.
now boards studying...by myself my partners in crime and taking the weekend off 
i really hate hiking  i really do .... it's sooo boring ...... i think i'll stay the hole weekend in the hotel ;)
A long weekend begins. The sun is shining and I'm happy ! Exams soon 
@RawPeople  going to miss this festival, will you be going to any of the others? Have an amazing weekend!
@funkyfairy24 Its my bday weekend this weekend so lots of comiserating to be done..lol...so won't be around for mass tweeting l8ter 
@domjustdom I'm in detroit for the weekend 
Not having much fun this weekend: ill + working on yet another math's assignment 
@danluvisiart good, and turns out I'm broke this weekend  now I have to wait for next weekend to see it. Ughhhh! -shoots someone in foot-
i feel like this has been happening every weekend  i need to slowwwww it down. off to work soon:/ bummer. totes love work on saturday!
Moms not expected to make it trough weekend.  
@JDpregnancy I'm in the opposite boat.  We finally have a rain free weekend and I have to work BOTH days!  
Working thru the weekend... unfortunately.  
@FunkeyGurlNo1 I've been studying all the weekend  I hate civics :X
i want ryan to visit me on my breaks this weekend 
 I think I'm sick!!! There goes the rest of my weekend.
the network just sucks on weekend............... 
i don't want to be working all weekend and closing 4 days in a row 
.@juliarygaard no they were not.  but this is my last weekend of gastronomical fun...then I have to change what I eat.  #jealous
wishing i were in nyc this weekend with @whitsimmons, caro, and rza 
Another weekend will be wasted sitting idle 
I wish the weekend could last forever 
Up early on a saturday. Much to do this weekend 
is swimming swimming swimming and enjoying the sunshine! Hopefully don't get sunburnt like last weekend? ouchh 
The weekend is over .. 5 freakin' long days till next weekend 
i really do need a phone i feel liek i missed out on a fun weekend 
 I think I may try to stay off of twitter as much as possible this weekend to stay away from spoiler. I'll probably fail at this though.
g'nite tweeple...its been a lousy weekend so far and in ktm sat marks the end of weekend 
8 - 12 page paper to write this weekend. 
@moorishflower Kiire is w/o internet this weekend if I remember right. 
off to goodwill and walmart.  i have no money since i spent it all last weekend 
@suzziequeue Still haven't got rid of the bites I got last weekend 
Aww  you didn't make plans for this weekend?
I don't want to work 12s this weekend   It always goes by soooo slow
Furniture shopping stops being fun after hour two in the same store that you spent 2-3 hours in last weekend. 
@gracebenguerel awww  sick on the weekend, typical!
The sad part about working all weekend is I honestly had nothing better to do.  
wish the weekend was longer  I dont want to work anymore
This flu/virus is wiping out my whole weekend. 
obtained the last parts i need for my R1 exhaust repair...it's an all day project though...next weekend is suppose to be nice too 
Expereiencing massive fail right now, wish I'd planned this weekend so much better 
Experiencing massive fail right now, wish I'd planned this weekend so much better 
weekend plans are ruined 
what a sad, depressing weekend it is turning out to be  
@taylorquinn I know I work every weekend it sucks but you will be gone by the time im finshed doing weekends  whens the big day?
I don't get to see my girlfriend tomorrow.  Why can't we all just not work for one freaking weekend?????
is i hate weekend without dad 
@UltimateTodd sweet!!!! There's not many left..  and I thought  @mojobrandon and @mike_mojo were giving away their two this weekend? lies
I was so looking forward to this weekend and so far all it's been is a bunch of cancelled plans 
cold .. sick .. tired  why does the weekend go so fast ???
no kayaking this weekend-people i was going with canceled the trip tomarrow-even though the rivers up. this sux,i want to 4:20 now. 
What another weekend gone bad. 
this weekend was a bummer. i really wish i could've gone to improvability 
Unfortunately, it's a rainy weekend  I've been delivered a pair of shoes made of rubber which isn't as good as it seemed on the web.
this weekend has been long cold and boring but i still dont want it to end...mondays 
this is my only day off this weekend so lots of housey things to get done 
I can't believe I was in the house all weekend. This is abnormal. 
@shtikki i was just there memorial day weekend   but i'll be back around july 9th ... party up!!
@HannahElise01 i know how you feel i've been doing homework all weekend too. my eyes hurt coz i'm so tired 
Computer has just had an epic fail   now need to rebuild it !! There goes the rest of the weekend !
wonderful weekend with husband, why does it have to end 
Sitting in the plane while it boards ... the weekend really *is* over 
wow, i never enjoyed a weekend this much. rest rest rest. ) hahaha! back to school again.  good bye weekend, see you in 5 days. )
rains in buda spoils my weekend plans 
my first weekend off work this year and im ill 
3 birthdays in a row this weekend!! mums, grandmas and kates. my god this is the weekend of poorness  lmao
@1sweetwhirl took the weekend off to rest and relax though no concert 
Just woke up from an afternoon nap. It's been a dull and lifeless weekend  for me. The only thing I can think of doing is my projects. 
... always a fun way to finish the weekend... next week has suddenly started looking very sleep deprived 
i think i've put like 2stone on over the weekend 
i just spent half the day in my room doing nothing except for cuddling in to my teddy bear  this weekend is the worst weekend ever!.......
have my godmother round with her family for the weekend! its really hot and sunny but there are now clouds  x
args.  the weekend is more than half over 
damn bored!!...  holiday just started over the weekend... wants to go back home badly.. assignments is still on going
@DatWouldBeMe sorry  but who would usually keep her every weekend while they work ?
This weekend was suppose to b good but really just turned into complete bullshit! 
working on my ship... i have dog duty this weekend 
@raybansrule i gotta tlk to u 2mm...my weekend was helllllllllll 
@kkoss the package never came this weekend  boo!! Thanks for the birthday wishes!!
been trying to get a tan all weekend it anit working so far 
is in the park all loved up and drunk on wine. this weekend has been amazing. boo @ impending reality 
had a good weekend, but was badly organised, oversold and quite impersonal. photos were awful to find  #asylm
am disappointed albeit unsurprised: no up this weekend  this of course means no up till next weekend, meaning this week will be torture.
weekend is over .. aaah !!! ... back to work again 2row 
Thinking about a new hairstyle....... I cannot believe the weekend is almost over! 
@jachtwit was onsite at event over the weekend. Now body in shock and possibly falling ill. 
Needs to go shopping. No girls this weekend 
Why has the weekend gone so fast? 
@saxy15 I wish you could too!!!  it would be awesome to hang out with ya the whole weekend
The crazy but amazing weekend is over 
wonderful weekend off spend studying 
byebye ansley  i had an amazing weekend with youu! see you in august babe! ily too xCAROxx !
Another fabulous weekend coming to a close, boo 
Hates to be sick on the weekend! 
Really... I can't believe it's sunday! The weekend came &amp; left too fast!  LOL
@secretplanet join us sad looking lot - no lottery win again over the weekend 
Finally home. kinda a boring weekend 
totally exhausted . I think I have been infected with whatever was making my niece all grumpy this weekend 
finished 12 hour shift what a crap weekend i have had 
@jenniee_bean miss you!  you and livvy can come stay at mine over summer one weekend too! 5 weeks and 6 days needs to hurrrry! xxxxx
browsing some forums, on my way to hit the bed - goodnight weekend - goodmorning monday 
The weekend is coming to an end.  I enjoyed a great weekend of sunshine!
most boring weekend of my life, the most exciting thing i did?  see star trek w/ my mom, and i stayed completely sober all weekend 
End of weekend is near 
think its time to head to bedfordshire.....monday is almost upon us  next weekend will hopefully fly in
Needless to say, i didn't write  But starting this weekend... I'll have the whole summer to write!!!! 
back from a fun weekend in tally... work all week 
Missed a big opportunity this weekend...  
tramps like us.. what a weekend, so not ready for back to college 
i really hate coming in to work on sunday afternoon  it makes the whole weekend seem shorter ~beau~
Perhaps going away for the weekend was not such a good idea - I has a flu. 
noooo - the weekend is officially o-v-e-r.  so sad.. but yay for my new necklace! ehehe tiffanys! &lt;3
I wish I'd gotten more done this weekend 
@miketopia my parents were supposed to be at vegas this weekend but didn't go  have enough fun for the both of us :] haha
very sick... getting better tho. had a horrible weekend 
did not get to see drag me to hell   maybe next weekend.
this weekend went by too quickly  @thecityfolk try switching to decaf, that happened to me and i switched for a little. then it got better
i canlt believe the weekend is over! why did it have to go so fast?  come back recitals!
so bored. cant believe the weekend is over! 
The river was so much fun... sad the weekend is almost over 
had a good weekend with my boyfriend, went go kart racing and I won haha. But now won't see him for another 2 weeks 
Oh yeah. I'm going to be out of town next weekend guys. 
@pythonator nuthn took out my peircing for the weekend y se me empeso a serrar so had to repeirce it 
had the best weekend!! but now i got no money 
in mourning. ...the wekend is over 
damnit the weekend is friggin over!! 
2 more hours and my birthday's over  this was like the best weekend ever (: I love you girlsss&lt;3
totally gr8 weekend! got alot of fun mixed with a lot of relaxin.I should make 3 day weekends happen more often.back 2 the grind tomorrow 
@amycnightingale aww, wish I had seen your tweet before the weekend  I was indeed in the city, fun times were had
Disappointing weekend for all king fans 
It has been such a busy weekend I forgot to twitter  Sacriligious, indeed!
@itskevinsito let's hang out soon! im leaving this weekend for two months. 
bed...reserves next weekend 
@WalesTourism morning good weekend but sadly wasnt in wales 
weekend is now over  have bad sunburn on my arms!!
really really sad there were more lives lost this weekend. 
morning all. i had the most amazing weekend. well now its back to work  boo
monday is draining the good feeling from the weekend 
great weekend,just fed up that i may have found something out that is bothering me altho it REALLY shouldnt 
just realised at some point or another in my weekend cooking adventures, I've cut my thumb 
I really don't want to give up the fun that was this weekend 
Is not ready for the fun weekend to be over 
is sad this cool weekend's almost over.... 
had an awesome weekend!! but all good things come to an end... 
I broke my broken chair again. That's mean i have to buy a new one this weekend. 
STILL recovering from fun weekend....now I remember why I don't drink!!!  
Going home  what an awesome weekend!
I need a vacation from my weekend. 
@foldberg1 They were selling as fast as I could post them all weekend on my server, too. Not enough greens avail to keep up with demand. 
@brooding_soul my weekend was good &amp; busy... thanks for asking... didn't get as much done as I needed to 
working like a bitch as always... dreading to see the amount i spent this weekend 
last weekend's gig's been great. now back to normal life 
This weekend was way too short 
trying to face fact that weekend is really over...  
exams have tired me out already..and i cant believe my whole weekend wages have gone 
@stlellen  Yes, me.  And I was all weekend too. 
So many things i should have updated over the weekend be didn't.  sorry all 5 of you watching... Lol.
What a bad ass weekend it was....Now back to work 
recovered from the full weekend of the SYYC 09....emceeing is not easy 
I'm so upset my neighbors trimmed there trees this past weekend and now I have no privacy! 
@ReBeLR  A bored out weekend  Yours was nice?
@gab61321 thank you for an amazing weekend - you're my fave person to hang out with! @jamiemorrison is going to be so lucky next month 
@gab61321 thank you for an amazing weekend - you're my fave person to hang out with! @jaimiemorrison is going to be so lucky next month 
@kabobbins ah man! i'll be in cville this weekend   and i actually won't be off the cleanse yet...this thing is eternal!!!
needs to go to another concert or sumthinngg  ! sophies nect weekend 
thinks we'll have to wait until next month to go to the beach.    At least we get to stay longer than the weekend then.
back to the grind, this weekend was SO not long enough   can it be thursday yet?
@dropdeadfamous be happy!  what are you working this weekend? You should come up and see me!
@_DEEWOODS k, but it will have to be a weekday, cause i work this weekend   I'll dm you my digits.
had an awesome weekend but now its back to reality 
Ugh, I drank too much caffeine over the weekend, so now I'm extremely tired and my eyelid is twitching... 
@SweetOne76 i hear ya...none of me this weekend either  but that doesn't mean i won't be camped out in the lobby! LOL
lost 2 fans this weekend  http://plurk.com/p/xpufk
@alimartell If you had said it before the weekend, I could have hooked you up with a nun costume. Now it's buried in storage. 
goin to the gym... i wish the weekend would come back 
@shalinique my weekend was alright, didnt get to go out, last minute stuff came up 
I watched all my new DVDs on the weekend. Now, stuck in bed feeling blargh, I have nothing to watch 
The rainy days need to stop. What an unsuccessful weekend 
so much for a good weekend, sick from beginning to end!! 
@avadri sorry I didn't answer, I wasn't online at all over the weekend 
@footballwife @Realitytv_fan thought I was going to have to help my bro move this weekend but looks like I don't. 
@64Colors missed you this weekend  had a funeral in the burbs.
@remba24   at least we're getting the band back together this weekend.  ;)
@gemini0615 aw man! ill b in hartford conn!!! that's the weekend of bham playdate too... 
so we should like go to the pool this weekend cuz i cant anytime this week 
this has NOT been a good weekend  hope all of you have had it better
@ZoeeLove I'm sorry.  except I got so so sunburnt this weekend I need to tan it off like crazy!!
not impressed with the studio lights I bought over the weekend. They don't work 
going to north carolina next weekend...grandma's not doing so well 
@josh909 forgot to come down and get another light from you on the weekend 
@nicksantino are you having any other 'random acoustic shows' soon? i missed last weekend's. 
ending my low-profile-weekend and starting a new workday.. 
@BuZZrk most of my weekend was spent sickly,  on a lighter note this weekend is the start of a great summer. how was yours?
Is happy that its already tuesday! The weekend is so close! But yet so far 
my weekend is pretty much going down the drain 
i was supposed to be going for a swim today- my legs still ache from walking in wales at the weekend 
@Rubyonwheels  ah thanks ruby - i only just got this   we were all laid up on the weekend  with this grim cold that's going about - argh!
planning for an overnight camp this weekend... havent figured out where 
tuesday ~ weekend is still 4 days away 
@n1ck yeah i'll do it this weekend if u want. and no! unloved! i'm sick and you're the only person that's phoned me 
no more rye on the weekend  
@SKCandles Thanks for the follow~And it must have been the weekend for sunburns because my hubby &amp; I got one too  Ouch! 
@boysnoize cant believe u cancelled at evolution  ruined my weekend x
@sherd6 sorry sounds awesome but i'm going this weekend 
@jross3 so i guess im not spending a weekend 
@huey0929 That sounds amazing right now babe! I really wish me could!!!  maybe this weekend we can though?
@anamolly ya...those are my bb's...I love them...and they're moving this weekend 
@SKILLETfan01 I got 2 watch 2 of the games this weekend. Not on a channel I get 2nite! 
@jennialewis: No spoilers, please!  I won't get see it until this weekend at the earliest.  
@unitechy yeah, don't worry, you will!!! there's still a week and a half before we hit the roads - this weekend's fully booked for me 
@annhamilton No fog. I'm jealous I tried two days straight to shoot the golden gate clear and sunny this past weekend. No luck 
couldn't sleep last night.  and no time to sleep this weekend
tired  can't wait for the weekend
I had the most exciting weekend only to be followed by the flu 
Is annoyed. And feels sick about the weekend 
I will wake up at 11pm! &amp; write 2,000 more words!  Shldn't have had such a wild weekend.
Going to pennsylvania this weekend and wont be back till sometime in july  I'll miss you all 
things are going to be soo different without my brother around:/ He is graduating this weekend.  and then he is off to college?? (
drats my weekend photo session cancelled due to swine flu  precautions in nsw  http://bit.ly/TLXD4
@PoynterPerve i feeeel properr bad, but it was ridiculous doing all weekend working 
i hate it when you realise youve just wasted the whole day. oh well, bring on the weekend :-D i miss @fionalogan_x 
wants it to be the weekend now  xoxo.
Where has the sun gone?   I wanted another bbq packed weekend!
@webescrapbookin yeah just saw him in a movie over the weekend 
thank god it's friday tomorrow. shame i can't scrap it and get straight to the weekend to catch up on my zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
doesn't want to give the puppies away this weekend! I want to keep all of them! 
@heynadia huhhhh idk cause i really want to start studying this weekend already 
@aplusk Actually, there is..There is a family that lives here who lost there daughter this week..She was set to graduate next weekend. 
@kathiasya man, that sucks. so we wont get to read your tweets anymore for awhile after the weekend? 
is tired, and has not that much to do this weekend! might have to start revising 
@mparent1: that doesn't sound like a good way to start your weekend. 
so sick  but going to my dads this weekend!!!! exams r soon  boohoo
dont wanna stay in this weekend !!! but have to  what a bummer !!!! a whole weekend wiv out vodka 
@joannayoung Have a great weekend, hope the weather stays good for you....Ours went south 
@musical_decay i sorrry..    are you going to any of the shows this weekend?
@joe3117 sad that i won't see you this weekend 
wont have a weekend for 2 weeks 
bout to get my eyebrows done.....mad that i wont be in the chuck next weekend 
This weekend better be better than this week, that's for sure. 
Really does not want to spend this weekend in the house. 
back from vacation  but at least it's the weekend.
Gets to work again. During this nice weekend! 
This weekend's wrestling shows are canceled. 
@claudiajordan  i was wondering what happended...its cool you guys have a great weekend!!
@pianoduet I miss you guys too, like crazy.  After prom weekend you'll be seeing a lot of me though&lt;3
my candy ( @DTexans ) left for the day.      hope he has a fun weekend.
@MrAnt704 shit suck! i need it to dry up man...i was suppose to start partying for my birthday month this weekend 
TGIF...too bad i'm working the whole weekend tho 
uuugh no twittering this weekend  text me bishes!!!!
Having trouble deciding what to wear this weekend 
Is on duty this weekend  what a terrible surprise
home for the short weekend. also, trouble with the girlfriend  so much for a relaxing weekend
@gutshtallin since we're not going to see you next weekend ..,, you better be winning ! I hate to think you blew us off for a bad draw! 
So much spanish homework this weekend 
@asIprosper Have to work both days  But next weekend will get to see keiki1, yay!
@Suchashambles this weekend &amp; next weekends kinda booked  when did/do you wanna go?
@rubyred232002 I wonder if its headed this way? Its not like we are going anywhere this weekend  We might go out of town, small chance.
I am broke and sick... and it's a long weekend  
It's the weekend, and I'm depressingly bored. I need some company  ...
Spending another weekend marking 
unfourtnately im bored. on the weekend. what a shame 
doing assignments...looks like not much weekend for me 
My long weekend is a write off because I'm sick  8&lt;
@dubsNaughty1 goood you I am home alone this weekend till sunday and theres nothing to do 
well my saturday plans went down the drain  sure the rest of the weekend will too
In the hospital  not a good start to the weekend..
was bad tonight for dinner  but whatever I'll work out a bunch this weekend!
Working girl this weekend  No fun just work!
in carlsbad all weekend (except to work) no bueno 
gots way too muches to do this weekend. 
i better go to sleep soon - this weekend shall be one of studying  don't like that, but i don't think i have a choice there ...
no clubbing for me this weekend  ...break sorely needed, lol
cleaning my room, so not excited for study weekend 
I have to do my project all weekend 
@JeanXD wow, thank you  have a nice weekend anyway
its the weekend and feeling more lazy than usual, had to come to ofc 
@spattzzz what a fun way to start the weekend then.. 
@BendyyStrawz im with my dad that weekend...like now. he wont let me 
absolutely lovely start to the weekend with @owlorange .. now the rest will be shit due to tonnes of homework 
I seem to be missing out on everything this weekend! 
Still sick, what a waste of a weekend 
always a bummer to work on a weekend 
Brands hatch this weekend being regailed with stories of the action I've missed due to the day job 
Just a little longer and the boring weekend begins. 
Oh no the weekend is here  beddy boo time for me now.
Now this weekend is my bday, and its not even  starting off right 
A boring weekend this one 
who has sing: let it rain?????  its weekend and i miss my sun 
woking all weekend sucks 
 I hate having to work weekend duty.
My weekend plans have been utterly demolished.   I knew it was coming
a sunny weekend, when im off....is too much to ask? 
studying statistics...  - but in 1 hour my weekend will start
sat in my room, doing nothing. Yet another boring weekend for me 
My last recital weekend ever! 
has too many plans this weekend!  
@EvilNanny aw honey  There is always next weekend! And yes, we have butter and jam! 
FINALLY...I got my lawnmower back last night! It's been in the shop for months. Now I spend the weekend mowing 3 acres of 18&quot; high grass 
Aww sick for the long weekend  well this sucks
@BrooklynCraft sooo wanted to visit you at the fair this weekend!  but instead I'll be working and moving my studio.   hope it's great!
When I signed up for team in training I didn't realize I would be getting up at 6 (!!!!)  for weekend runs 
@shel5614 lucky you! i have to enjoy this mornings coffee at the office  any other plans for the weekend?
working all weekend  sunny all weekend  = sad at that
Wish I could be kayaking with husband this weekend 
its so typical that it was lovely and sunny during the wk when we were stuck inside nd now that its the weekend its horrible 
last weekend was YRL uspsa match. big fun! but this weekend is just work 
wish  I could have slept better last night, have a long weekend ahead of me. 
just bid farewell to the husband for the weekend. 
@peterfacinelli soccer tournaments are always fun.  I'm working midnights all weekend so not too much fun over here 
Why do I seem to have &quot;homework&quot; to do every weekend? That's like working 24/7... 
a week of perfect weather and now a weekend of horrible wet rain  fingers crossed its only for the weekend!
i've decided to go cold turkey without straightners this weekend, my hair is dying 
just won tickets to the blink182 and fall out boy concert!!!!  party tonight then rest of the weekend studying for exams 
clean up.. study.... fun weekend... 
Working on the weekend sure is not fun 
  Things are not good in my head. I may not be around a lot this weekend.
We wait for the weekend then what??....rain....wander round town aimlessly..then me here talking to myself ..and him?...pub!So exciting 
@redfly alas no  looks a great weekend tho
I have to stay at my dads house over the weekend. 
I wanted to spend the night with the boyf this weekend but it didn't work out. 
@podeam oh well..  save a weekend for me!
Community marketing on weekend 
Of course I would be sick on a weekend off. 
Working this whole beautiful weekend 
dinner is on, bad weather for this weekend 
@lqqkout You're not at spank next weekend?? 
It's one of those weekends where you have only 1 thing going and it takes up your whole weekend. 
@TechnologicNow  yea, three day weekend... without me 
every time I try it bites me back in the ass. turning my swag off for the weekend. 
working for the rest of the weekend.... boo!     stop by and visit me
@hnrxmcrlover I'm at my dads next weekend... 
is anyone else not studying this weekend? no one wants to play 
yet another weekend gone 
i seriously need to declare war on procrastination this weekend 
I should never have left the house this weekend 
more drunk but not drunk enough where are the cheep drinks?  saba has no weekend happyhour now 
@awoods unfortunately I've got 3 friends visiting that weekend   Couldn't have been worse timing.
so far a very relaxing weekend...but I miss the boyfriend...not exactly the summer I have been planning 
This is going to be a looooong weekend. I'd forgotten how racist my folks can be. 
my weekend officially starts... now. considering i wasted the beginning of it working 
@mzyw - It's already a long weekend.  Looks like it's only going to get longer. Muuuuuuuuuch longer.
Not having much programming luck this weekend 
is lame horse= no more showing this weekend 
I am quite depressed.  I have a long weekend and I have nothing to do! 
netball all weekend and not a pound shreeded why bother 
finally home! this weekend is not working out the way i wanted it to  y is it so complicated to plan a weekend?
@katiekatey i didn't drink at all this weekend either. it feels really strange and unnatural. my liver is thirsty 
regrets going to spokane for the weekend  #fb
Sims 3 froze on me  they were having a good weekend too =/
Has had one heck of a weekend. I'm so wiped over doing NOTHING. 
@mistressmia Drives me nuts some days  How's your weekend been?
my bf has gone away for the weekend  so i am lonely
shattered...but have had a good weekend and not ready for tonight's rob farewell 
tried to go without twitter for the weekend, but no such luck 
bah! missed so much stuff this weekend 
another weekend another family get together. joy 
Doesnt want her dance rectial weekend to end 
i hate sunday.....The end of the weekend 
@Olive648 i would love to check it out again.. unfortunately i can't    my friend is getting married that weekend...
had an awesome last two nights. good weekend. now have to study for finals. 
Why does the weekend go by so fast? 
Why did the weekend pass so fast? It's like it didn't exist 
sitting in church. lame. hungry. tired.  ready for next weekend
My last weekend brunch at uc 
@pilmorelee wasn't going to... was going to be out all weekend; but then it rained  now looking at an issue
one show down, three to go. the last weekend of ishine live for the spring 09 tour 
@robdyrdek I can't make it to new york this weekend to see you 
Leaving the lake.  but had a great weekend..just went by too fast!
Bolting back to dc  best weekend ever! @christymiller, @ashl3yftw, @neekaleak , @grantheppes, @viking, @thegrenade and the other non t ...
@elw1 little shop of horrors! i'm gooood, just a little sad the weekend is nearly over.  how about you? x
uhoh we missed dd's first archery event that she'd normally attend. it was last weekend. 
We lost 5 to 10.  one more chance to go to the world series if the bullets play in a tournament next weekend.
The weekend has gone way to fast!! 
doing homework  it ruined my weekend
great weekend. yesterday was ridiculous. now it's time for color matching 
last dcdp rehearsal weekend! 
Where did the weekend go?  You look forward to it &amp; it flies by too fast. 
weekend went by so fast...its already sunday 
It's been pretty tough and expensive weekend, glad it's over 
i need to revise seriously. not done much over the weekend. i knew going away would be a mistake 
  so whats the status on next weekend
@benwmaddox Actually, I didn't feel so good last weekend either, but it still does suck that your free weekend to be in such a funk 
is relaxing and enjoying the rest of my weekend before I have to go back to work 
is mad that my weekend is almost over.  I feel like I barely got to *do* anything.  
weekend is already over  but at least the flooring is done.
@mell_e  when do u get to leave it? And have you even talked to her since the other weekend?
not bloody happy  my weekend has been ruined now
my last weekend in la 
had a great meal...weekend is almost done 
@_CorruptedAngel oh no, I have to go soon as well - no lotto win again this weekend  x
just got home from the best weekend wit my bestie ;; i miss her already  lol
Hectic weekend... finally have a chance to rest! 
i cant believe the weekend is over  sad story. i need a vaca.!
@SeanaLyn wish i could join you!  we will most def do it next weekend! &lt;3
bought ready to go back to oxford  ill see you next weekend lebananana
how was the weekend?  I didn't get to participate  working working working
Where did my weekend go? 
had a rumage sale this weekend didn't to to well only made 20 bucks   o well goodwill will be happy
@johnciaga I wish, i felt really shitty all weekend  but It was amazing non the less
relaxing after a long, busy weekend and aleady missing my princess 
relaxing after a long, busy weekend and already missing my princess 
uug, shitty weekend,. bight be losing a friend tomorrow 
uug, shitty weekend. might be losing a good friend tomorrow 
The best weekend ever! But ate soooo much crapppyyy foods   booooooo!!
had the best weekend... After all the drama of not going to adelaide... I wish it was saturday already! 
Thinking about all the things i didnt get done this weekend 
sad sunday's almost over...the weekend flew by 
cant believe how fast the weekend went 
had an amazing weekend...now back to work 2moro 
@NomentionofKev I'm not going to be able to go. I have peeps visiting next weekend.  
had the best weekend of my life, why does it all have to end 
what a great weekend and an awesome time yesterday at the wetdown! back to work domani 
@NiseMonet why couldn't you say next weekend? i'm at work like shit  @gwapanese lol i love madea.
had a great weekend with the boys. tired but feel good. i still did not catch any keeper fish. 
@IfYouSeekBailey  I have it every weekend it's bad on the wallet YIKES
wish the weekend wasnt over yet 
@lostst where did the weekend go? monday ate it 
yet another weekend has come an gone 
@hstevewilliams3 it was a great weekend! I wasn't with them at the beach today tho 
@lisaeilers..i like that quote! can't wait to see u! missed u at the bachelorette this weekend 
i have a headache, so bedtime. it feels like i didn't even get a weekend, which is what happens when you work on saturday.   
@Descendraya I'm back from an epic weekend of drinky-ness. I think I might have preferred the camping, given my current state 
@ckc406 I'm sorry you had such a bad weekend  *hugs*
ugh, where did the weekend go 
Not sure what to make of all the news! What a crazy weekend 
I need to get back to working out.... ugh ate sooo bad this weekend 
Not much progress this weekend..... 
cant believe my weekend ended so horribly 
@alexacaffrey miss you  get out of summer school and be my friend again. we're thinkin about a road trip for my bday weekend. u in?
had a good day and weekend  but i don't wanna go to school tomorrow :/ bye bye weekend 
Every monday mrng I realise I should have spent more time in sleeping over the weekend... 
@kat2492 n'awww  lame! We have to celebrate this weekend me thinks!!!!
worst weekend ever...was sick so couldnt see any of my girls 
@AshleyBankz me eitherrr my mom be like u hunted!! Lol this weekend we out! B4 I leave for pr 
My weekend was good, even if it was really sad  It just made things feel very finite
Working...altho cannot stand from dancing too much the weekend 
bye bye 4 day weekend  shattered.
is not happy...EVERYONE is goin away this weekend but me!!  boo u all!!
is not planning to attend ESEMA reunion this weekend... all those ladies have a family already  too shame...
got burnt arms from being out near the sea in eastbourne over the weekend 
not enough sleep this weekend, and I will miss my piano 
just had a great weekend with my aussie now its downtime cause i have to go back to work...that sucks...why cant we have more weekends 
had a fun weekend but gutted elle is leaving today 
Hates Mondays, espically after the weekend i had. 
@RHole I'm hoping that the tracking system is just being slow, but I fear that because of the weekend it didn't get picked up on friday! 
going to work. my weekend was way too short. 
 might cry  farmyard this weekend @woody748  won't be around
The weekend flew by. I just want to spend the day snuggled up with my hubby. I hate being sick. 
@ralx sorry ..i didnt have net in the weekend..so,i didnt make blue highlights couse i got in a fight with the hAIR dresser 
Never did get round to this at weekend  http://tinyurl.com/lhlgat
Man...what a great adventurous water weekend! I'm pretty tired and sad that it's all over and I have to work 
@RecipeGirl great weekend with friends and paid dearly for it yesterday. 
@unclemush your drunken weekend scares me  and i'm giddy but i'm waiting for it to fail ;-) as is god
worky worky worky!.. back to the real life after an awwwesome weekend 
Ugh... I had a great weekend, but I'm exhausted. I think I'm getting sick, and all I want to do is go home and curl up in bed. 
@djmrillmatic weekend was wack  and urs?
@BrownSugar1870 aww miss u too, we have to get together this weekend! I am so home sick! Especially this week since I'm by myself 
haven't tweeted in 3 days..lt and i just got back from our long weekend getaway to cantabria. bites got better there but they're back now 
is back and had a shite weekend.need cheering up.boo hoo 
going to nantucket this weekend and of course it's suppose to rain 
i have an ant bite on my foot from this weekend that is driving me insane this morning. 
One of my students was severly beaten this weekend 
@GEDASH hey sweetie...my weekend was sad went to a funeral  how was urs?
@lmschaffer oh no....I went to sea isle this weekend -- I knew I should have called you 
Rejoining the zombie mob of the working masses after a long weekend. 
im so mad i didnt get to go the pride festival this weekend!!!  
@IsabelleOC amazing, i'm working all weekend  but might get the chance to wander
Missing the loveliest weekend ever!    i love adventures!
still trying for that iphone from #squarespace... forgot about it over the weekend 
Another weekend of the grind. Not starting off well, had a hard time sleeping last night 
@weddyfiji wish I can sleep on my break    how was ur weekend?
WTF happened this weekend? bunch of new followers - all porn. 
After a great weekend with friends, it's going to be hard to go back to the routine of things. 
had a great bday weekend. now back to the daily grind and the reality of a 23% paycut 
four day weekend is almost over  hanging with my dad right now then back to bragg :/
what a weekend  i've got a lot of clean-up to do.....
had an exhausting but fun weekend...   now work time 
It's so hard to get back into the daily grind after a relaxing weekend! 
is soooo tired after a busy weekend with becky and then a 2 hr delay at the airport last nite 
I cant keep up with this website ahaha no but this weekend was awesomeeee im tempted to go to chicago next weekend i miss it again 
So nice to have a relaxing weekend. Now back to reality though 
@NateG85    well I hope u had a great weekend sir...enjoy your day
I miss my little brother  I cant wait to see him this weekend &lt;3
had a love affair with french fries this weekend...and now it's time to break-up. 
@ManyaS good bye weekend 
i have had potentially the funniest weekend of my life. i am doubtful that any festival will top it!! too hot though im too burnt  
really needs some music therapy- but my headphones disappreared over the weekend 
what a weekend!! that party was... ok i guess.. not amazing though... too much drunk teens!! such a shame!! 
@cubansidewinder sounds like you had a wonderful weekend....wish I could've been there .... 
@domcantweet if i can still go, apparently a family thing is happening some weekend soon... i hope not 
I'm a pretty sad right now. One of my favourite wrestlers died this weekend, while competing... 
....back to cold, hard reality after a weekend away camping 
It was cold all this weekend so I couldn't bbq  I'm gettin it in right now tho!
just spoke to the girlfriend after a loverrrrly weekend but missin her 
finally back in in business.having a dead phone for an entire weekend really takes a toll on you.needless to say my bday weekend 
One rust spot on my car is now repaired. About 4 more for this weekend and then painting. 
It was a very fun weekend and there was some drama but it was over good  never liked drama but why are girls so much drama? 
Added weights into my ab workout this weekend- now i feel like i'm being ripped in half when i stand or sit up straight 
@johngie *sigh*... Everyone had fun rolling around in the mud this weekend. 
It's rough being that guy hot female is just friends with  hopefully I'll get lucky this weekend coming up.
won't be hitting my first an tir event this weekend.  boo. 
Is stuck on the fact that i may not get my weekend of fun  lol
busy, busy week  still lovin the pens victory! woo hoo!
There was a techtonic shift in my universe this past weekend. I just feel it.  
had a awesome weekend followed by a lazy monday... wish the rest of the week would get better... 
oh what a weekend but once you reach your highs you always come back down with a thump! 
@nickielise i had planes going over me all weekend  where you going too?
@TristaJaye I was sad you weren't in class yesterday.  And also - I ate an icecream sandwhich this weekend. It was deliciouso
@evergreen101 thank you! bummer about the weekend tho 
working - so sad. we lost a good friend this weekend  you are so greatly missed by all sammer!
I NEED to get the 50mm 1.8 for the photo shoot I have scheduled this weekend! I just don't have time to get it soon enough! 
@TheBastardGent No can do dude, I work all weekend! 
oh this weekend is going to be loong!  theater (Y)
@pkbuechel what is this!! We won't have another weekend in the apartment before I move   I guess the bachelorette will have to do mondays
@meliabella Wish I could...so much going on this weekend 
@amandatramm no those were mad exclamation marks. He found out he wasn't getting to see me this weekend 
wish I was going to silverstone this weekend  for F1 
@caguiar1993 lucky you... I won't be there until the weekend. 
Having major sissy withdrawals  I NEED to see her. It's quite depressing...I miss seeing her every weekend.
@sweetcheribomb Not going to make it this weekend, I am sorry. Things in a state of flux and not a good idea to depart for the south. 
I've had the most bizarre weekend, didn't like the feeling it gave me 
it's late, i'm tired. tomorow i'm going to work.  next weekend is prom
I'm so upset that i had to cancel on my date to the wedding this weekend. We would have had a grand time talking about ppl. 
@Trinkett @teammartin I think we need to have a weekend or something where we go through all these new movies! I haven't seen any!! 
Anddd tour starts this weekend...officially...yoww :/ excited...but...not 
I tried to rent the 15mm for my wedding this weekend but there weren't any affordable ones in stock 
@AlleeByDefault I'm camping this weekend  not back till sunday
longing for the weekend to catch up with some good amount of sleep....hopefully 
Awww... the boy just told me that bachelor parties are sacred and i wont see him the whole weekend. 
Realising how many times I got bitten whilst camping at the weekend...too many! 
I was right. Dickheads wedding is this weekend. With all the other stiff I have going on, why does this bother me so much? Depressed now 
I was right. Dickheads wedding is this weekend. With all the other stuff I have going on, why does this bother me so much? Depressed now 
I miss my boyfriend  can't waait til the weekend
@bitsyndicate that's too bad because we wanna do some joy ride this weekend 
think so this weekend there will be battle of the bands at new world park, penang...too bad can't go there 
I got the midweek blues 
Feeling sorry for myself after being at a spa on th weekend and developing a horrid painful rash 
@stephpsalm139 oh no! i'll be away this weekend  let me know how it goes, though!
such a beautiful day, and i'm stuck inside  hoping for wonderful weekend weather, doubt it tho
@JudgeJoey am sorry i never made it down to RoHo at the weekend to witness you actually leaving.  had the lurgy  hope it went well
@Destrownage MobileMe was late too, and faulty the weekend it launched 
zomg so many photos to get through from dinners, events and holiday! This is what happens when you cram so much in a week 
Phone got covered in beer at weekend due to bicycle accident 
Still can't believe she has had tonsillitus for 2 weeks.  no drink this weekend!
hey.........who am i going to have a cuppa and chinwag with this weekend....... 
@MyInnerRedd not sure about weekend yet..i paid all my bills im broke  what about you? anything fun?
Looks like I'll have to ride the light rail on crutches this weekend. This makes me sad 
@amblyon yes we are, but this will be the last weekend for us. 
@TheeBlakBeckham sad I'm missing kickball  let's play this weekend!
This weekend is gona be awesome, except for the fact that my cough is getting much worse ! ! 
@hannahkin Why exactly are your parent mad at you?  Do they know about last weekend?
is sad because several shows close this weekend.  It will be impossible to see all of them.  
@refuse2bdefined no  I left it home. I might go back this weekend and grab it though.
I just got wrangled into going camping this weekend..all I wanted to do was sleep in &amp; relax 
sad  i might not go meet @thebeatfreaks this weekend . u dont know how much i love them.. ughh my mom said she doesnt know the road of ...
@bacieabbracci,its raining here too,but we had some sun earlier,now its goin to rain for the rest of the week,even on the weekend 
O.K. everyone1  night1  then montreal.  so I won;t be twittering this weekend 
theyre calling for rain this weekend. no ! i want to go to the beach  but hopefully theyre wrong.. they usually are.. cross your fingers
paperwork for The Queers shows this weekend.  NOT the fun part 
@SmoothDaDude Brothaaaa, we had soo much without ya this weekend 
i really really miss you a lot  i need the weekend to hurry up
@TownHallSteps1 work up at 12 it was bliss but back to work tomorrow  enjoy your weekend
@ronny23 .. and @jaredosif, @kevin'stawny, @schaefdawg, and @son2theton will be at country jam the weekend of beerfest 
@KarinaSF no   I am going to vegas this weekend and so it was one or the other...
Wants to write sooo bad but has to study for this weekend or no concert 
@LeeannJKPark okay I will. If like i remember. lol but i'm not going this weekend 
@BigNateWill u should be doing this comedy gig i get paid 150 a day to drive ppl around for this weekend. i forgot to let u know 
@pattistrufan fixin to lay down, I have a helluva weekend coming up &amp; not in a good way. 
Going camping for the weekend... No twitted or facebook 
Maybe it won't be a fun weekend 
I really want sushi. Hopefully this weekend? 
My mouth/ cheak is swelling up  hopefully it doesn't get bad got one of my bestfriends/twinns bday is this weekend &amp; I can't miss it 
@james__buckley I would but not down your ends till next weekend  RESCHEDULE!
rain better not ruin my beach plans this weekend 
@danamlewis So right about the company - wish I was going to be there (was up there last weekend) but dad duty calls  @daphneleigh
@Konstpaus LOL typical man XD but you're making me hungry now too  I want a barbecue this weekend now haha
@esilverstein i hear ya brother! except i dont have along weekend 
@acdha You poor guys  I'll be hoping for a perfect weekend for you two!
and ordered them. two for the sunday, nice one! but they've still not came and it's this weekend  oooops
@sallybirck I wish I was seeing the new house this weekend 
@rae09 I cudnt last weekend cuz I was sick the whole weekend 
@JacobTharian was in shanghai last weekend. 
surely it's got to be the weekend now? think I'm getting to the stage of needing a holiday, weekends are too short, weeks too long 
we were going camping this weekend but it looks like it is going to be another soaker 
@Peeks no, i'm not  its okay. hopefully i'll get to hang out with him this weekend ;)
@hitmewithtechno man i'm going to try real, real hard. i think we're going to detriot that weekend anyhow, so who knows?! 
The week goes by super fast, too bad I aint going to the bay this weekend to see my girls 
early mornings this weekend - no sleeping in for me 
WISH i was going to take that this weekend 
not looking forward to a rainy weekend 
Is about to start a marathon of overtime    but at least it's raining all weekend.
Home from the dentist with K-  weather doesn't look good for camping this weekend 
@TJsDJs my fav would perform in my hometown when I go to tAmpa for the weekend 
not doing the show friday   .  i'll probably just be at my grotto this weekend. writing writing writing rewriting.
@JustYassy your pig died ? ah, i'm sorry  hope you will find time for you at the weekend !
@tikiev I kno!!  we can go back on a weekend u off he loves da company lol
Doesn't think he'll make it through the weekend being good with food. A cheeky chippy is usual around on the weekend 
I am going camping this weekend and i really need more friends on here 
will miss twitter and himm this weekend  bad timess, comes to something when you miss twitter like (N)
... @kandeebx thts if u cum this weekend 
ugh... its going to be hotter than hell this weekend! not good. 
Is bummed grandma isn't keeping pupa this weekend 
I'm going to miss my babe this weekend.. 
 jason's not coming this weekend.
@ablissit oh no!!!! You've got a busy weekend ahead 
sad that i won't see my dad this weekend 
wont be gettin captain this weekend  but will next week!
Using self tanner because I won't be getting a real tan this weekend. 
@togetherwf - not too far from me. No trouble by the storm. How about you? They say we should expect the same over the #weekend 
@Jbaldridge1 probably next weekend. my weekday visits are limited since I have my job 
@danielversola Wish I could have gone to halfdome but it is such a busy weekend plus I am so out of shape.  @tiffymonster hiking as well?
@Camrus I knooow  I'll b there dis weekend tho guurl! 
hopes she can still go out this weekend :S eeeep! im scared!  
sweet dreamsss...will really miss my boxmates this weekend 
Really wished I'd put the window air conditioner in last weekend when I so sure it was going to be cold all week 
is ugh. fml.  hoping for a good weekend.
@thinbegin crap, I totally missed the meeting. I had it written down for next weekend  One of these days, I'm going to actually come. lol
ready to spend the weekend with matt.....sad holly montag got vote off 
- packing for a weekend upstate... will probably be way too wet for hiking though 
Finally it's friday!!! But the weekend I'm going to get alone  ... I'm going to miss you 
So, camping @InfineonRaceway for the #nascar weekend next to THE LOUDEST generator in the entire camp!  No sleep for the wicked!  
hmmm.... my weekend still not here..... 
Goobye for the weekend twitterbirds! I have no twitter access over the weekend  so its bye bye for now!
man I have a ton of homework to get through this weekend 
need to bring the works to home this weekend 
has a working weekend tommorow 
i Cant smell the weekend yet....we work on saturdays too 
@TheRealestCiCi um I'll be back in dc that weekend 
It seems so odd. It feels like it's not happening. I guess it'll hit me tomorrow and when all of my friends move this weekend. 
think my weekend plans will go down the drain 
cant wait for the weekend! ....... or maybe i can. filled with makeup and workshops. Not a single break 
The weekend is heading in quickly, woohoo. I need the break 
interview's been cancelled. having it on monday instead  which is shit cause i'm going away for the weekend 
thinking about my birthday weekend being spent doing ridiculous business management assignments   Uuuuuuurrrrrrgh!!!!
I want sunshine..its almost weekend and its getting colder 
@eskye yay! E's getting a big boy bed this weekend. 
Me be having no internet for the weekend. 
is looking forward to the weekend..having to up my meds though 
@r4yfx The weekend before payday to be exact! 
 it's friday but... i still have so much to do this weekend.
@sbeckwral oh groovy... Just in time for our trip down this weekend...  
@hayles poor you, sorry to hear about that  . I'm sure you be ok - try and enjoy your weekend
@gitfinger am back at my desk now...  - need to knock out some contracts before the weekend can start.
Yet another weekend devoted to anatomy!  
morning twitter fam...wishing i was going to IMATS this weekend 
weekend duty on standby.... wtf.... why do they have to do such things to me 
@Molls23 I'll take the rainy weekdays, as long as it keeps clearing up somewhat on the weekends, unlike this weekend 
At @Lissavisa 's // heading to dmv soon so i can &quot;legally&quot; ride &amp; avoid tickets on the bike LOL! // missin out this weekend 
got a weekend of weddings and boating ahead, no lie-ins available though 
Hey hope everyone has a great weekend!!! I have to work sat. 
@karljb74 am only grumpy cos of back  need to rest it, but it's so boring!! any plans for weekend??
work alllll weekend 
is looking forward to the weekend even if she does feel like shit 
last weekend in brazil 
@daniellewasall dont worry its saturday here. the weekend feels like its almost over  lol.
thinks its a crappy weekend for the cottage 
@Missdiva03 damn jazz, im sowwy i might jus miss ur whole entire bday weekend. 
so stressed so tired...then I miss the race weekend stuff  oh well I hope this year's camps worth it
too boring weekend :| &gt; 
It sucks being sick on the weekend 
Just because it's the kick off of my long weekend it's raining... No beach for me today. 
@FutureProject_ but its your weekend too in 5 mins!!!  
ugh..my family is going camping, but josh has playoffs, so we'll be here alone all weekend 
What a way to start the weekend. 
weekend's finally here!! but still has so much to do  hahah nyt
thinking of renting movies at the REDBOX at lunch and then heading out of town for the weekend...no stillwater trip for me 
@DianaHin im going to be in ORLANDOO and its like on a wednesday i think so its not even like i can come down for the weekend 
Going upstate for the weekend, but can't find the cat 
i miss my sisters &amp; wish i can be with them this weekend  have some butta 4 me!
@BELIZEJNY loungin' its so damn hot.  whats good for the weekend?
Just got to babes for the night, work all weekend 
@tipp_princess i have a stinking cold / flu not sure yet  but feel awful ! ah well have to plough , at least its the weekend i can relax
reverse coed @vh1vball tourney this weekend... I want to plaaaay 
feels like curling up in a ball and hibernating all weekend 
@HarleyHimself Just a ton of crap really  I'll call you and tell you soonish, probably sometime this weekend
is not looking forward to gold duke of edinburgh this weekend ............ 50 miles  fun (not)
Going up to virginia for the weekend the donald trumping back to ohio 
On my way to nyc for the weekend. Flights delayed 
wishing i could see @JenKirkman @MCDONALDHEATHER @chelsealately in vegas this weekend!! 
@urbanpinkpixie lol. i'm so happy!!!! *cough* sarcasm *cough*. was looking forward this weekend, now not so much. 
I hate being gone for the weekend 
hope paltalk is fixed soon  its the weekend!!!! dam u paltalk
Is heading towards a weekend for one 
just got to my dads house for the weekend........bored so far  
@dddiana Is it only this weekend? I am suppose to have my supposed bachelorette 
My son left to go to his dad's for the weekend  It's def going to be a long and boring weekend
@itsLissa I was hoping that this weekend would be nicer as it's the first day of summer, but looks like it's going to rain. 
I really want to go geocaching this weekend but I suspect the housework will win the battle 
is all on her own.  crap weekend already.
still waiting for the weekend. it looks like its going to be a while 
@stacyreeves Awe... I wish I could.  I am here this weekend for 2 weddings but I am crazy busy tonight finishing programs 4 bride #1. 
Working this weekend, but at least it's the weekend! No sailor home for our northwoods vacation this year 
Spending the weekend sick is not my idea of a weekend at all. 
@ensredshirt  that sucks, you busy at weekend then?
@mozzer0906 LOL I could spend this entire weekend cleaning and still not catch up with the housework 
@abbafan69 I feel that way for real!! Makes me sad for the weekend to come now  I console myself with otalia marathons though hehehe
Man its just gonna be me and piyu this weekend  damn some one come see me i dont have a damn car to go anywhere this weekend thats sad
@THEflyGIRL lmao thats rightt!!! lucky u. its supposed to rain all weekend 
15 minutes until freedom for the weekend! It's too bad that the weather is going to be sucky 
getting my computer fixed this weekend cuz it's fucked up. 
@Alegrya just remember I hadn't replied to you! I'm all booked out for the barcamp weekend - it'll have to be barcamp 6 
@timlawler My mom has to work this weekend, so I will not really be doing anything 
is sad that she is missing every single pride this weekend 
Still in bed sick  this weekend is looking to be fabulous! http://twitpic.com/7us3e
not in the mood to deal with anyone tonight  this should be an interesting weekend. :'(
I have a headache. I really should have gone home this weekend my computer still isn't working  what am I gonna do all weekend
Spending some time with the hubby before he leaves for the weekend in the morning!! 
I guess its another weekend of net porn 
fathers day this weekend 
WAS going to go up the coast but turned off my alarm and slept til now....  guess next weekend it is...
eating dinner and watching a flick, my normal fridays since i work all weekend 
it's supposed to rain all weekend...  but it's supposed to stay warm, which is nice.
weekend ditinggal suami ngantor.. *huh.. 
@ReggieLochard not doing anything...no track this weekend 
hey! another boring weekend... wooo! 
checking out the muchmusic site too bad I'm not there for the awards this weekend 
Wrong way to start the weekend: missing my movie/friends due to unscheduled oncall work, then oncall for the rest of weekend 
@Aractor yeah  and i forgot next weekend is greg and nicoles bday bash thing, ill be in tualatin but with jonah so no bars for me.
Its the weekend &amp; its raining 
goddamit, over the past couple hours i've gone from almost completely better to having a nasty cough  i'm still gonna enjoy this weekend!
can't believe she got burned       savannah next weekend yay!
My son is gone for the weekend I am lonely 
puerto rican parade in tha chi this weekend.!!  not goin damn!!!!
@KitLewis @littlebrownjen factor in the lighting issues grills cause and they might be there all weekend 
@darwinmago is down with a fever  saddest weekend ever.
I hate working saturdays, what a waste of weekend 
my weekend means boring. i guess i need some help,right? 
u're def not here..  and now the weekend.. and u'll fade away till monday.. and I need to wait here.. alone.
hellla tired thoughh. sucks spending the weekend studying 
This weekend is so so boring ,,, i just sleep doing nothing 
Still awake I I wish I could sleep I am so sick 103.4 fever mo cheer or dance competition this weekend!  I wish I was better! I love you!
I got in trouble for something so stupid and it ruined my weekend 
@LiljaAddeman What a bummer start to the weekend. 
@amypalko now that we have water again, it looks like it'll be a post-holiday laundry weekend. The weather doesn't look that great anyway 
i was bored so rearranged ze' room  ugh bluelight next weekend.. rowenn is making me go 
going for dinner, then pool, then c4.. the same mundane routine i go through every weekend  lol!
...its these little church weekend things that make of miss him the most. I always think of what we could be doing, or would have done. 
Wow what a weekend...hot and bored... 
@RonBlanco it's the weekend of no girlfriends 
@mjollnir ok you're right - maintenance over the weekend on all major lines 
hmm, rainy weekend, how nice... 
@loveloveloveXO ahh,that sucks  i'm good, ready for a boring weekend though!
Sounds like deidre barlow after a hash smoking weekend in morroco  hate being ill !
@SeriouslyKooky yea, great start to the weekend  lol
got to work on some teaching stuff during this weekend 
Why was it gorgeous and sunny and hot all week only to be cloudy and cool on the weekend?! And it's supposed to rain! 
doing the sick in bed thing... why does this always happen over the weekend. 
weekend! humidity is  though...
Home and oh my gods have hit a wall. So much to do this weekend too 
Another rainy weekend 
how can a weekend be so stressing?? just got home from our drama-club meeting! i hate getting up early at the weekend 
@samantharonson We were at murmur last weekend... I would much rather have seen you spin!!!!!  
its the weekend and im stuck indoors doin c/w *fun*! 
what a boring weekend this is turning out to be 
i can't stand my crazy rooooommmates. they drive me mad.  OHWELL! off to M&amp;D's house for a fantastic weekend!! &lt;3
Missing my daddy this weekend  I still miss him each and every day..
@dp57 No  Next weekend..... I miss him
another weekend for me means another weekend without getting calls from people with jobs 
its rainging and its saturday  a perfect weekend ruined 
can't wait for this weekend to be over, hates spending time with family members all weekend 
@berryhelpful have a good weekend. Its sunday for us now 
So, change of plans this weekend, no river  next weekend! This weekend we'll see the hangover and do laundry!
Attending Classes over the weekend 
@shelterwithfire yea there is a hockey tournament that weekend that i'm like 90% sure i'm playing in 
Off to the cabin for the rest of the weekend  boring
@stjoslin for a day I don't know I've got it for the weekend sorry 
@wbgriffin haha we are both stuck in hometowns this weekend  ahhhhh
@kourtneydenise I sowee   I had no idea I was staying. for the whole weekend.
boring weekend..nothing to do, no nice movies as well 
I had the worst weekend ever and nobody to take with  
Going to be a lonely weekend without my baby 
thanks to science i'll be studying all weekend, till my body falls apart. last exam  monday. i need my summer .. until .. summerschool 
another cloudy day  ...the weather man says next weekend will finally be sunny again, he better be right
last weekend before going back to the 8-5 grind 
another rainy weekend 
@timcorrimal well it's all still in the crates until next weekend  ... waiting is the hardest part!
Not looking forward to back to back shifts this weekend 
@GregSims whoa! As a general rule I hate going away from downtown, especially on the weekend! 
working on one of my many projects. I have a long weekend ahead of me..... 
@amypage that's craziness.  Especially on a weekend, I think.
My bro's staying here this weekend  there goes my good mood...
@greenspongebob well yeah but my weekend sucks D: i'm seriously a total failure at chemsitry  
I'm tryin' to make my weekend a lil longer by staying up late 
No plans that weekend   @HeadHeartbreakr
This is a heckuva plan for a three day weekend. 
3rd headache this weekend 
I just realized I should of took advantage of this weekend. Things are about to really pick up. 
@CarterRonson that was last weekend papa 
The weekend is for homework 
what a boring weekend 
My annoying little cousins are visiting this weekend 
I have not had the best weekend, and i still have a paper to perfect.  grrrr.
Totally bored tonight psh lame weekend 
Celebrating my brother's b-day on long island. The weekend goes so fast. 
Is my last weekend smoking 
fun fun weekend...boring boring saturday night 
The countdown is on to the weekend and I have to say I am looking forward to it in a way I can't even describe. 
I want to know who is responsible for this damn fever I have! And why do I always get sick on the weekend? 
just realized this weekend is legally blonde w/ @laurabellbundy &amp; i don't have tickets. 
sooo going to sleep. its been a crazy weekend, so i need a break for at least one night. eeven though its saturday 
bored bout to go to bed aint do shit this weekend 
just got out of bed, fighting off the flu. So much for an active weekend 
trying to dwnload pics from the weekend not happening 4 me 
wanting to stretch this weekend a little long dont feel like i rested at all 
@losangelesdaze I have 2 live vicariously through u as I most likely won't get to ride or get 2 eat a burger this weekend 
I hate weekend 'cause I eat a lot 
This weekend has been a waist. Not fun what so ever. 
@D_Rizzle  W ish I could be there! Next weekend!
cooking a roast dinner, not looking forward to the end of the weekend 
everybody just left. had the BEST weekend ever. would have been better if @Toongen was here though 
End of the weekend  
@nashvillenights yo yo its the weekend though haha got some coin on a few other items just not all of them 
worst weather comes on weekend again. no trekking for this week 
had a hell of a freaking weekend and it's not even over yet. 
weekend full of classes.. 
worst weekend  next w'end will be better!
i hate having to work the entire weekend... it just passes by in a zap! i couldn't even relax as much ! 
I am so bored  No one ever wants to go out on the weekend with me anymore.
is back from manchester!!  been an amazing weekend!
boozing... a drive to daman... a gr8 weekend seems to end with a boring movie... 
@SirSatyrane glad to hear it, shame when these things strike at the weekend 
Really don't feel well  How typical, my 1st weekend without any of my kids for weeks and I spend most of it asleep ill!!!!
@swallowsadness i may not be able to. got a job interview on tuesday and if i get it i could be working at the weekend. 
Another day weekend comin to a close fast 
@flydovefly omg, this is all just nuts.  is your weekend going by quickly or way too slowly?
@jtroyve yeah it did. And that's the best part of their weekend 
Just finished the manual on optical return loss testing. The joy of working on the weekend 
sick of reading about everyones awesome weekends on facebook. i want an awesome weekend 
Thing looking worse for Brits this weekend 
@pharobcool thinkn of u....aint heard from u all weekend 
cant believe weekend is already gone ... 
Not bad thanks, hate Sundays at it signals the end of the weekend  @coy0te
total sleep this weekend... 7 hours, awesome! i don't want to end this amazing weekend by going to practice 
Heading back today!  this weekend has taught me that i need my black and spanish friends back badly 
the weekend curse is back 
sigh. restore complete, begin jailbreak then sleep. wow.. this thursday restore is like the weekend didn't happen... all memories wiped. 
had a mega blow out this weekend  it was needed and from the bits I can remember it was mint bad hangover now though 
dont want the weekend to end 
another wonderful weekend...looks like that's it for grad parties  now in need of some summer sunnn!
listening to jazzy music today. Should have gone to the jazz festival this weekend. 
@FlissTee i am fine thanks - had a lovely weekend which makes all the difference lol - not looking forward to getting up early again   ...
@FlissTee i am fine thanks - had a lovely weekend which makes all the difference lol - not looking forward to getting up early again  lol
Why does the weekend go soooo quickly? 
This was supposed to be a fun weekend but now I'm stuck with the flu 
The most horrible weekend of my life 
This weekend I travelled for a grand flaming total of 28 hours :-/ travel sick 
I'm still sad big rig got kicked off daisy of love  hahahhaha lame way to end the weekend
A mile long to-do list! I miss the weekend 
I was SO busy this weekend, didn't even get to enjoy too many moments of chillaxin, puffing, or tweeting.  But I'm back &amp; ready to puff!!!
I'm so tired. And looks like another weekend with nothing to do 
I want @RenzoMusic here for my birthday this weekend 
at the philly greyhound station. epic weekend is now at a close.  i get to see my nephews in a few though!
I had a lovely weekend and now of course my agents are blowing up my phone....I may have to fly back early.. 
still need to process this weekend's pics 
@kandiappl6  yeah i heard over the weekend about golf and i wasn't invited i see how you are    why don't you call every once in awhile
aw weak  ill probably come up this weekend so we can make out and stuff
@kendallawells kendallllllll im so sad i missed you in plano/garland this weekend  
@britchan I'd love to but I'll be working late.  I'll have to go peep it out this weekend.
Really misses her boy  wishes the weekend never had to end
poor kate  now it's kate + 8 for this week and jon + 8 next weekend
@logtar I'm so sorry to hear that your friend passed away this weekend. 
I'm really sad about not beibg able to go camping next weekend.  i can't trust adam with lucky and i can't pay him. I need the money.
just what is wrong with my tummy? must be those huge live abalone i nomed over the weekend taking vengeance 
We were due to make a special guest appearance @tweetcamp this weekend but restraining orders prevent us 
Man who partys hard on weekend is sick all week 
All of the debauchery I planned on having this weekend is giving me an ulcer.   #JUNEDON
@mackenzieeep  what's wrong?? i miss and love you and was sad i didn't see you last weekend 
i want to get it done this weekend but i just spent $70 on gas and now cant afford it 
@elaineball lost my wallet last weekend 
I get miss everything this weekend  boo waaaa.... I guess that's what I get for being on the road too.
Why am I still feeling sick?!?! If I'm not well by this weekend I will... still be unwell... 
@madameroselynn Haha, well I'll have to wait until the weekend to see it  or I might try to go tomorrow, but my theater is always packed
people living behind me forgot it was tuesday - having a huge party.  think of how sad they'll be when they find out it's not the weekend 
@bubbleforest AWWW, can't wait to see you on the weekend bb. but i don't have a song anymore.  so picky, is what i am.
My bridesmaid dress for this weekend is so horrible I could burst into tears. 
@SneakyQue awww...the weekend i come there you leave  wait are you going to the foam party??
stormy weather but busy day ahead.wish it was weekend to sleep in a bit 
bleh... wishin' it was the weekend 
@JordanSchultz I love you and @afJANistan @dpinto02 plz don't leave me this weekend 
This weekend I bring out my bike from the shed..hmm..back to insuring and taxing it..great stuffs 
So angry I miss out on seeing Transformers 2 this weekend, I have to work 
prospects for the weekend? Beeing ill 
@miichellie awww we can't it's the weekend of my momma's beeday 
I love my boy and hes going away for the weekend 
is it only thursday? feels like friday. was looking forward to the weekend, depressing 
they've changed the forecast for the weekend... I wanted wall to wall sunshine 
The kitties are leaving this weekend, they were sold 
Dreads writing 2 papers tonight and 2 presentations this weekend. 
i want to watch transformers! but i can't. i have to wait 'til weekend comes. 
packing for my epic weekend  dunno which dresses to pack though... too many to choose from 
Why is it that the weather is fantastic all week just in time for rain all weekend? 
@LiverpoolFan74 I'm not sure what I am doing this weekend. Not at the moment I can't as my foot is still playing up 
My eyes are so itchyyyy  I really don't want to work anymore this week I want it to be the weekend &lt;3
@jackiecameron1 It would be fab but I have a few things over the weekend that might not be moveable 
thought maybe we could catch a rodeo this weekend while on tour ... i was wrong 
@reneetan Still working   I look forward to bringing me mum out - hopefully this weekend 
@nonquickoatmeal omg you're right. horrifying. delirium. wish you were coming on our weekend adventure!! 
Just ended my nightly phonecall with the bf... I miss him.  8 more days till we see each other for the weekend!
@aprileelcich yo that's groooooooosssssss!!!!!!!!!! I'm supposed to play beach volleyball this weekend 
slipping back into a funk.  i wish it was the weekend so i could bum around.
@kevinism Yes, but your weekend is far more interesting than mine. 
T-storms are squashing my hopes to hit the #appalachaintrail this weekend 
@kurtshoe so pissed i have to work all weekend and can't go to the lake... 
@decor8 hurumf, why do i see happy weekend 
Schools out finally!!! stupid snowdays.... i have a swim meet this weekend and really nervous... 
is ridiculously hot in his apartment..but can't wait for this weekend 
is trying to get done with her research and go away for the weekend... 
After a weekend that'll never forget...its back to grindin 
So, coffee was kind of a let down... but perhaps my weekend will be more exciting! 
would love to stay in bed but have to go to work...roll on the long weekend! 
@tommcfly i reckon you guys should do radio 1's big weekend! if your worried you wont have a place to stay ill happily give up my bed 
Bring on the bank hol weekend 
@mparaz Sounds like a good weekend to spend. 
@ejly, thanks for sharing Eintstein with everyone! He was adopted last weekend 
Has a parent free weekend and is going out laaaate tonight with blue and chels 
@victortheweirdo good boy  haha I hear it's supposed to be lovely weather this weekend ! 
spending the last weekend of spring break with friends. this is going to be amazing! 
@Hackediphone goodnite u guys! Have a great weekend! 
@jimgattone tysm!  enjoy the weekend.  
@willeagle Yes, there will be moderations done this weekend. our mod team is reviewing this afternoon. 
is in georgetown for a relaxing weekend 
@NoOrdinaryGurl ? you too gurl!!!  hope your weekend is going great!
Just another weekend working at camp friedlander.  
booked in to have another tattoo next weekend ...now to find a design i like and tweek it to make it mine 
@gailelaine I hope you can catch up on your rest this weekend! 
@cassieventura hope you're having a good weekend gorl 
time to go to bed zZzz.... bye hope u all have a great weekend 
@KyraKat  i think its being off for a weekend for once that making it even more exciting! how are you my dear?
feeling very accomplished  next weekend FARM yay maybe wit Jimmybob  
@XtyMiller I'm happy it's the weekend!  I enjoyed reading your bio.  What inspires you? 
@azizansari can u bring them with u to the univ. of hartford this weekend?  if not its cool im looking forward to your show next weekend!
great weekend  sooooo exhaustedd
couldn't have asked for a better weekend with the girlfriend 
can't believe how much i fit in this weekend. all domestic organisation and budget planning. i love the feeling of control! xxx 
completing my nice weekend: nginternet! 
Finishing the weekend with the galore of Hanamasa 
had a great relaxing weekend 
wow. this weekend is taking everything i got...one more night 
having an excellent weekend! Hopefully U all too 
@KatieSmiles131 let's aim for a weekend! 
Finish doing my homeworks  I think, I'm going to enjoy the rest of the weekend now.
@robinsvegas sounds like a fun weekend!  yay!
@lacyx of course!  have fun next weekend . . yeah, i must say, dinner was yum 
What a good weekend.. swim with mike left me sunburnt but eventually it'll turn into a tan 
Most amazing weekend ever  picture perfect, I miss him so much already
is looking at all of these crazy pictures from the weekend 
fun bday weekend. going to sleep. gnite 
Returning to work after a great weekend. Thanks to my friends who let me have a really nice time 
This next weekend's travel plan: Brussels! 
Has to give props to @JmeKlink and @mle314 for their victory this weekend 
loves the raiin   what a nice weekend that was .
Not really enjoying the gloomy weather with possible snow tonight and then 70s by this weekend.  This weekend can't come too soon!  
loading all the fantabulous pics from our weekend shoots - can't wait to see the goods! 
I got acquainted with a laser etching contact this weekend....now, what get etched first?!?!? 
im ready for the weekend! need to make some plans. 
@ampedxx This weekend it's on, I'm sure a scandal will go down 
@SpiderxBear next, i get a 4 day weekend 
is doing a stuntman and mixed martial arts course this weekend 
@VicGiordano I'm working the 4th but there's no plan during the weekend 
pre derby bash TONIGHT! out with the faves...  hope everyone is having a good weekend!
having dinner and preparing stuff for weekend camping 
@jdmcme3  so wazzup? any plans for the weekend??
@AngelaLynnTweet I miss going to the movies...or going out on the weekends for that matter. Have a great weekend! 
cleaning all weekend..getting organized for my big move to nyc w @NickMD81. couldnt be happier 
@naturallyknotty A very happy weekend to you too! And thank you for the #followfriday! 
@myuze_me Haha. Thats the good thing about being on my own this weekend! 
@russiandiva you betcha!  You are a woman to be recognized and what better place 4 props than twitter  have a great weekend
@shuyitan which hills are u on ?  i tot of going away also this weekend but too much work to do ... 
@wolfiesgirl I've got quite a lot on this weekend, too. What a coincidence. 
@SofiaMB Sofis, thank you for the shout out. I hope you are well and have an awedome weekend. 
going to bed...off to the desert at 730am, gone for the weekend 
@LucyGuy1  you up to anything exiting this weekend?
hmmm i need 2 call keele and see if we r doing anything this weekend  i hope so 
am ejoying the bank holiday weekend off work 
hopes this long weekend is a sunny one 
@Shadows1990 yeah, the shops are good there. At least next weekend I might have more monies to spend. 
Thanks to everyone for your input re website, will see how the weekend goes and make a decision after weekend. 
Spending the weekend lazily 
@JenPhillipsArt thank you  have a great weekend my dear!
I'm preparing to an awesome weekend 
BAMBOOZLING it all weekend folks  @reply me if you wanna meet up! Ballinn!!!
just got up from a nap  what's everybody doing this weekend?
@imsoapee It could be, but I doubt it. lol I hope that @saborkt will be up to visitors this weekend so I can stop by for a brief visit. 
is having her weekend tryst on the net --- if you call staying late online is!!! 
Aahhhh a nice lazy weekend with no plans 
TWEETIES.. i did want to say GOODMORNING to all you early birds..  have a great weekend!!
@MajorDodson I'm doing great luv! It's the weekend.  What else could be better. 
@hollihartman - you got lucky this weekend  , cuz it's not like that all the time...
Just woke up. One of the many reasons I love my weekend! 
Doing absolutely nothing alll weekend. How fun. 
I feel rejuvenated and excited for the weekend with the fam 
wished a great weekend to all friendzies as well  ~ hope you have lovely spring weather !!!
plans for the weekend? 
shahar6000it was a nice weekend  i'm going to take some shower and then watch survivor. itay rule.(:
what a very long sleep!! excited about the weekend shenanigans now though 
It was an awesome labor day weekend.  had fun with friends! 
hope this weekend is great... 
It's time to try to enjoy my weekend  ttyl! ^^
Enjoying the weekend and all the naps 
had a good weekend with the guys 
Oh btw morning everyone, hope you're all enjoying your weekend 
Home at last and unpacking in a decidedly chillier climate. Thanks for the marvellous weekend @anarugirl @tuitree @eonsim @brehaut 
@TalJabotinsky But here I am now  a weekend in Eylat is good enough 4 u? I think it'll make you better... correct me if I'm wrong...
can't wait for nxt weekend  lol
@DWall213 thank you for the retweet, davida. have a great rest of the weekend. 
Not that I want to speak too soon but it's awesomely quiet here at the rink for a weekend 
I love how we're all talking about #f1 on a non-f1 weekend 
@CarlyonAsia It is a good weekend. You have a good rest! ;) 
Morning everyone, hope your all having a good bank holiday weekend. thanks to all that are following me aswell 
Partying afterhours, every weekend 
had a fabulous wedding weekend for @jjonez and @natewoo. Now, if I can just wake up I'll be doing great 
is having a loverrly weekend with her lover 
weekend photos are up 
6 hours of this work weekend left!! haha I hate wishing the weekend away but this one has got to go!!! I feel a good week coming on!  xo-
I just feel so peaceful and relaxed, i had an amazing weekend with my love.. 
this was a wonderful long weekend with a lot of sun and coffee 
around somewhere recovering from an awesome weekend while watching a ton of movies 
@sinfulsignorita i totally love pretty woman  hey lets do a weekend post on worth watching romantic comedies  wat say??
oh what a weekend and it's still not over 
recovering from an awesome weekend.. food and robek's w. maddy 
hanging out at the casa...i refused to help vaccinate the goats this weekend. 
back from a brill weekend away 
had a great time last night. I'm looking forward to more next weekend 
this is not that emo status I promised I wouldn't post ;). sunburneddd. had such an awesome weekend 
just got back from tahoe what a good weekend 
had the most amazing weekend! couldnt have asked for it to go better! 
@Abeeliever hugs g/f  hope you've been off enjoying a great weekend !
had a great weekend with my amigos.  
@PhilLHerold hey philly, how was your weekend? 
headed to INTERMIX for a shopping spree!!  what a great way to end a weekend!
http://twitpic.com/4itqz - Even after a long busy weekend!! I still have the best lookin wife in the entire galaxy! 
@x_amandaa_x lmao how was your weekend? 
amazin' weekend, nothin' but shopping and family  i hate the rainnn
@AnalysaCantu LOL thank u.. I stayed in my apartment all weekend making it 
had a nice weekend... of course, not long enough... did some cleaning, some weeding and some soul feeding... not too shabby 
I have had a good long weekend but am a little tired from not sleeping in my own bed.  there is nothing like you own pillows &amp; bed. 
had an amazing weekend with one amazing guy 
@BkBap LOL!!! I don't know...it gets a lil crazy around here sometimes  How was your weekend?
Off to bed. Thanks everyone who was involved for the great weekend 
on the fence. had a great weekend 
@thiswayup I'll have to look that one up. plenty of sunshine for the long weekend... just how I like it 
going to auckland this weekend with mummy! 
@jcguevarra add a photo! hope you had a good flight &amp; this weekend was fun 
yay! my friends and i are going out this weekend! a much awaited event for all of us since we've been planning this for months now 
such a good weekend! but we're back to monday... and i'm ready for friday  [11]
@brenflakes sounds like you've had a nice weekend lady! 
Goodmorning tweedles  very happy mood, i think i will always be after this past weekend. lol vids of the 'BEYONCE WEEKND' coming soon. 
Sometimes after a long weekend, you just need good conversation. thanks bro 
Morning world! back to the office after longgggggggg weekend 
@framianne and aww and HEEE. nicely done, your weekend guest! *approves a lot* 
6th street was amazing this weekend!!! The wedding was fantastic.. but im really really tired at work from the long eventful weekend 
@mikerosenhouse did you run into someone I know this weekend? 
@RealBillBailey it really made my night. infact, it made my weekend! well done. 
happiest girl in the world.  best weekend ever and I can't wait for next weekend either!!!  so grateful for all my blessings!
I feel like I need to catch up on twitter haven't done much of it this weekend! 
is back from a weekend get away 
Enjoying my weekend with my kids! 
@linnlin I've had such a fun weekend, thank you lynn 
@LilCease hope your weekend is great! 
@IndiePublicist welcome to our tweets  have a awesome weekend !
@JamesChapperss enjoy - i sweated blood that weekend 
had a great weekend  ugh, homework.. / :
@elasticfate Have fun!  I'll be that way next weekend! 
@jbarnholtz thanks lovie!! how is your weekend!? miss you much!  xoxo!
is otw back to oc after a wonderful weekend in oxnard  t-10 days til maui! #fb
sad the weekend is over and excited to be a godmother 
@gemi_ca I love u friend...I hope u had a fab weekend and I will see you in a few days!!!!!!!!!!! Yay!!!!! 
studying and writing papers... excited for this weekend 
Calling it a weekend...crazy week ahead! 
finally home from this long long weekend! the angels won! 
@EssenceATL yeah i guess haha... it makes for sure a short weekend 
@sassy007 so true - this weekend was a complete #sleepfail for me - i was up at 6 &amp; 7. wtf? 
 just had a fun weekend.
is my weekend  relax. relax for 2 days 
looking forward to getting drunk and doing a buffy marathon with friends on the weekend.. 
finally bought all the supplies for the deck!  This weekend, it will finally be done!  Who wants to help?  
@computeher haha awesome! I'm probably seeing it a third time this weekend 
@Shallowlikeyou let's make it happen. Next weekend! Weeeeeee 
is ready for an amazing weekend!!!!!!  blahhhh one mroe day&lt;3
gettin ready for a very loose weekend 
has update his site, www.deanphoto.co.uk &amp; is looking forward to the stag-do this weekend 
media exam went well me thinks (: can't wait for the weekend   blulululu
Making plans for the weekend 
ahh good night! fun weekend planned than road trip to see my baby on tuesday! 
@Vicerella very windy and rainclouds showing their presence. it'll be better this weekend 
is ready fo the weekend! nyc buddies are coming in 
on my way to work...then off to ohio for the weekend 
is pretty excited for the weekend. idk why. 
Looking at some houses this weekend, can't wait 
@PDInventive well i think i've forgotten how to write to be honest...a bad skill to lose....maybe i'll practice over the weekend 
looking forward to a fun weekend 
wasssup everyone - weekend is near 
My weekend is about to begin in 42 mins 
turandot was amazing. blt steak was amazing. evan is great. i love this weekend 
I heart weekend get-aways... 
had an awesome action packed weekend 
@manxmidge yup next weekend I'll be druuuunk 
@zaxonate47  kaathaala romba bore adichathu.. athan   hws t hot hot weekend
haha well on a happier note my weekend has been a blast! IlovemyFAMILY 
... you down or move on. I chose the latter and have been happy ever since. lesson learned this weekend 
I am going camping for the weekend, but I don't thinnk that it should really count as 'camping' since we are bringing movies 
just came back from sydney fashion weekend. had the best time. 
this weekend was bomb. ^-^; &amp;i met jake shimabukuro!  wooooot!
Only way this weekend could get better is if @mosessmith16 wins tomorrow! 
@missnaaaomi I asked bout next weekend and my mom said it was OK 
@JamesMW78 feel better from the hang over! I felt like that last weekend! Its good to drunk tweet 
2/2 ide say it was a good weekend....then again it's not over yet!!! 
is stoked.. what a trigger happy weekend indeed! 
@RENCAMO shouldn't you try and finish the game you signed up for, for the weekend? 
wonderland this weekend? ! 
Just woke up.. I can't believe that tomorrow we have school the weekend is way to short. But this week I have a 6 day weekend 
is recovering from an awesome weekend 
wel i have done nothing useful this weekend... as usual 
Has been a good weekend  tired n chilling out now #fb
@dranupama I've been so busy.   But on all good things.  I hope you are having a nice weekend!
@HluvsLuminosity well, besides u're black out moment, I hope ure weekend is going well otherwise...  
was a nice calm weekend. all 5 babybirds finally hatched 
I can't wait for next weekend (: up north with the fam  and chillin with friends aaaaaaaaaaaaaalllll weeek.    ah, plus my song is on &lt;333
funny evening, funny day, funny weekend 
@SarahStelmok Thanks for a rockin' weekend !  So good to spend time with you.   (ok.... back to driving   hugs !
@amanda_2011 i'll ttyl. love you! see you next weekend 
Chinese food weekend 
good but intense weekend: studying, horesback riding, massage, shopping, fine dining, and now more studying. full circle 
Enjoying the long weekend by doing absolutely s*** all 
so yes, not technically a hen weekend but this is the modern age 
great weekend. loooooots of beer though, but who said that was a bad thing? 
fun fun day, can't wait for it all to happen again next weekend 
I'm home!  haha busy weekend, busy for the rest of the week, fun at the same time? hope so 
This weekend was something else  I'm really sleepy now...I think i'll hit the coushons.
what a fun weekend 
I will be wearing my little blue dots for a special fellow this week  hope you all had a lovely weekend
really does NOT wanna go to work at all this week....had way to much fun of a weekend!! 
@talk2donboy  did you enjoy your weekend hun ?
@stevenc1015 i picked a really shitty weekend to run out of coffee, it turns out 
had an amazingly great weekend, i'll cherish these moments forever.... thanks to all that made it possible 
says the outcome of the leadership weekend is promising.  http://plurk.com/p/uhkux
@blink182aholic that's ok  how's your weekend been?
@oleolefootball just done a round up on the weekend in europe http://bit.ly/9QOmO
@pauloelias yup! Lovely morning run w/ hubby.  How was your weekend?
@superbadking lol i knoeeee but im glad i had like a 4 day weekend tho  yay me!
@commonsense4 doing well, Just checking on the guys that follow then unfollow over the weekend 
and a good morning to everybody  all doing well?? had a nice and relaxing weekend?
thinking of making toblerone mouse maybe this weekend 
is tired and has sore knees from over excessive football over the weekend....although i did have Nanados last night! which was a bonus! 
That was an excellent weekend.  The next 2 weeks are going to be great as well  
@curriebowl yes I'm looking forward to you providing me breakfast in bed this weekend too 
didnt even miss my macbook this weekend - i guess im not addicted 
had a nice weekend in with her lovers 
back and feeling awesome  that was a great weekend 
Just been woken up by mum so listening to the @CHRISDJMOYLES podcast because I didn't get chance to over the weekend 
busy monday... after a very lazy weekend, hard to sync 
what an eventful weekend! i can now say ive been chased by cops.  ha ha !
http://twitpic.com/5f54o - me and my lady @ counting crows gig last weekend 
@Accessories_UK ooooh fabby!! We can be all preened and gorgeous for the bank hol weekend 
@DarineD I'm sleeping late too! But the difference is thats its every night with me!! looool What did you do this weekend? had fun? 
Lunch with colleagues, sharing the weekend adventures 
doing my hair.  want this weekend to go by fast ! but then go slow on friday. '')
@ChrisTheisen this weekend i took to rest, so i almost didn't get online... 
@bryndivey hell bent for leather weekend by any chance? 
@TraceyHewins tryin to get it all done b4 weekend.lol 
I'm really happy to be back @splashomnimedia studio after an awesome weekend 
Really Really wants to go back to sleep and not wake up till the weekend skip finals get all A's and then go home for the summer! 
@realmadridtalk Yes you can. I'm going to make some more in the weekend and I'll send them all to you 
so mad that that crazy weekend is over! yay for last monday of school 
Despite my obvious anger, this weekend was pretty fun  .
What a good weekend, I heart my friends! 
@dreadrealaflare haha sure - you fit in the category...  my weekend? busy. as usual... had too many drinks sat nite. lol -- how 'bout you?
had one hell of a weekend 
The kid was awesome in her acting performances all weekend. People we don't know kept coming up to her to tell her how great she was. 
@JunkFoodTees  mine went by slowly.. i was ill all of this weekend! how was yours? 
off to dreamland....excited for the long weekend with my boytoy 
Playing a word search. Preping myself for this weekend 
gettin ready for the weekend 
@jl cool... now planning to come here fr a quick weekend getaway 
Making many decisions and looking forward to a crazy weekend 
helloo friday...its going to be another sleepless weekend 
@Nathj89 happy bday mate, what better present than a 3 day weekend  have fun!
@salimismail congrats!!! its going to be a busy weekend for you 
gaayyy saturday nights party got cancelled..but it's been moved to next weekend from a house to a factory  so keen
@OpheliaPunk i have a 3 day weekend coming up... hope to work on it then. 
f.f.f.f.f.friday  what do peeps have planned for the bank holiday weekend?
looking forward to a chilled and sunny friday, with lots of laughs tonight and then an ace weekend with my brotherrr 
@RickYxBobbY u should be in fla this weekend! 
sticking to your guts is always good  gudnyt tweeps!! happy looooong weekend! yay!! 
i have about a million and one things to do this morning! going away for the weekend 
Has got the biggest cheekiest smile 2daby and hopes the weekend brings me everything I want! 
Almost the weekend people 
Just watched all of gossip girl season 1  I loves it, yay weekend!
I'm looking forward to a long weekend of korfball 
feeling like crap, this weekend: rerun of friends and satc to cheer me up 
@BenjaiBonita happy weekend!  and also to @shy_rel 
let the weekend be just as long!  
yayyay getaway and amity next weekend  
cagayan de oro weekend 
@Gailporter a sunny friday at that, and a bank holiday weekend.  oxo
@preciousthings And back to painting...? I'm free to help when I visit next weekend if you want. 
Oh and it's a long weekend too.... so double, triple and quadruple YAY!! 
@reverbstudios sound like fun for the weekend  lol
Off to work i go in a great mood the sun is out and im going away for the weekend 
morning all... a busy weekend of stock car racing awaits on the horizon! Looks like the weather should be good anyway 
is officially on weekend mode 
It's my birthday weekend. 
it's friday and time to start the weekend 
morning all.still got flu but too busy to take to bed 'cough,cough,splutter' getting ready for show this weekend hoping rain stays away 
nearly the weeekend 
2 hours to go for the start of the weekend  
@clivel_98 Wow, now that sounds like a fun weekend 
@tb78  Have a nice weekend!
berlin this weekend!! 
@forcegtx2 you have a great weekend too, larry! talk to you soon! 
@iStelios Thanks so much! Lots to study this weekend... 
is uuwi na...have a good weekend, everyone!!!  http://plurk.com/p/vgg6a
is free 4 a long weekend then back 2 planning but is free non the less! 
looking forward to a long weekend in charlotte 
@Mysterium38 Just sending positive thoughts for sunday...try to enjoy a calm weekend till then  
gettin ready for senior skip dayy then off to the beach for the rest of the weekend   
@MalenaFrett yepperz  they didn't get to come down for my birthday... so we're celebrating this weekend! lol
i love fridays  just a shame i'm on call over the bank holiday weekend
weekend is football with friends 
mean bf @ben_hall away for the weekend so im going shopping to cheer myself up 
@bcbrantley happy birffffday to your son! have a great weekend 
@joeymcintyre I remember u would always do a show around this holiday weekend. memories mahasha 
@cheth no prob. have a great weekend! 
ahhhh...my weekend starts now! 
finalee friday  i'm sooo looking forward to the long weekend!!!
have a great weekend everyone! 
Looking forward to watching Fanboys this weekend 
Going to disney again for the third weekend in a row! 
happy friday folks. agree w/@LZeefe ... there just aren't enough days in the weekend  lots going on in my world. how goes it here?
@alexandrakeller @pbandjcreations @polkadotskies Have any fun plans for the weekend? 
next weekend boat be in the mississippi for the summer 
@chaddurbin i'm going through Phillies withdrawal - it's been 5 days since my last game - gimme yankees tickets!  good luck this weekend
I may not be going camping, but going to have a lush weekend anyway!  x
Errands for the beer pong tournie and rummage sale! It's going to be a great weekend 
I get to start my long weekend at 3:30..woohoo! 
@interactivejeff Just gearing up in anticipation of the long weekend! It's a good epic 
mooching on topshop so see what my dad can buy me this weekend 
well we are on the brink of a beautiful memorial day weekend + i can't wait to get the weekend started; got lots on my sewing plate 
running late this morning. busy weekend ahead 
@Jeslikeme and I ain't mad atcha LOL I'm off as well my weekend has offically started 
@redsecretagent I def will...   I am in a wedding next weekend so I am so needing color.
takin it easy    roll on weekend :p
@kuttyedathi aw.. that's sad.. enjoy the working long weekend then.. 
@trblwyou34 i couldn't be any better! 3 day weekend   I'm trying so hard not to click on that link...lol how are you??
Congratulations to all my friends who are graduating this weekend! It's been fun spending the last few years with you 
Finally, nice long weekend to work on music and get some mountain biking in. 
Situation just arisen which is making one of my small side projects seem even more attractive, hmm bank holiday weekend prototyping? 
@veepveep And you! Be safe and enjoy the weekend.  
@tanjlee Thanks for all of your help this weekend! Couldn't have enjoyed my getaway without you 
sis coming to chennai gotta spend some time this weekend....happy weekend 
@salleegal WOOT! heres to a 3 day weekend! 
TGIF and its a 3day weekend I some rest  so this weekend going shopping  lol 
gearing up for 4 weddings this weekend  
LUNCH is served today! BUT, please tidy up before heading out for the long weekend 
about to start marinating pork tenderloin and buffalo tri-tip for this weekend's  holiday celebration! i LOVE a nice long weekend 
@CiscoLaRisco Sounds like a good weekend planned. Its memorial day weekend here, so should be filled with boys, booze, beaches, and bbq. 
@coachkiki oops...forgot your sister was listening in...have a superb weekend as well 
At the lake for the weekend!!!!!!!!!!! 
is ready for a LONG relaxing weekend with the boys up at the cabin with some swimming, hiking and fishing 
I am more than happy to welcome in this nice.......loooong....weekend 
@aaronhoskins I did not forget about you!  Things got crazy here.  I will call this weekend 
off to the lake for the weekend 
right im going home now bye bye tweet later in the week or over the weekend  xxx
Plans for this weekend include recording songs to submit to the steelbridge songfest  http://www.sbsf5.com
packing for the weekend, showering, organizing a little, and sitting outside in the sunshine with a book or two  
wooo! the weekend starts now! going to the pub tonight 
@bgrrl sounds like a good weekend to me 
weekend has landed and i've opened the obligatory friday beer 
weekend - what a great invention 
is looking forward to the weekend... justin's graduation, races and our grad party!! 
@262RUNR thanks for the follow friday love  any fun plans for the long weekend besides being at the marathon?
cuddys with my buddy mike ... obviously not recovering from the long drunken weekend 
fun day went to fig with geena aftere a long weekend of working and making tips in seaside  ...but no internet
is taking a much needed break this weekend and heading to lex! 
breaking in mkay hooka this weekend 
recovering from the long weekend , kinda feel like i'm in a bubble 
has a back spasm. And is moving this weekend. I think I may be the first person to be happy to have a back spasm. 
sellout of the century = me. oh well, enjoying richmond to the utmost and getting pumped about vabeach this weekend 
@djscorpia thank you  It definitely sucked spending the holiday weekend indoors. It's a new week though!
http://twitpic.com/61h8p - this weekend was fun! i love nc/sc! 
so excited tomorrows the weekend &amp; i have off! 
excited about having the weekend off!!! its has been awhile since i've had a saturday off 
catching up on some more work while I can before I got to winston for the weekend for another wedding and a couple shoots. 
have a great weekend everyone 
@paigemaster feel like visiting kittens this weekend?? 
looking forward to a long weekend of flat-pack assembly! 
@vellanero it was just as nice the second time round. And it was fine with no sugar too  have a great weekend!
Going up north for the weekend :[ but on the brightside..I'm going to dance my ass off at the wedding 
@pixel_jockey how's your friday coming along  i'm already on weekend time
goodnight maytee's! ahh i SO am looking forward to a nice hiatus in sunny michigan this weekend. 
Last shift then the weekend! 
crazy mall sale shopping this weekend. let's go! 
is having a christmas theme at work this weekend, should be interesting! 
ohhhhhh im so ready for a relaxing weekend 
So I made it finally to work! the rest isnt even here yet! Why do I always run huh....  Anyways the sun is shining almost weekend! 
it's the weekend baby! 
enjoy the weekend peeps, i is pretty bad at updating on weekends but enjoy. I will be taking in the sunshine and sending out good vibes 
preparing for the pfingst-weekend wald-grill-feuer-rauch-zelt-necker event 
What a beautiful day shame I have to work. At least its nearly the weekend 
is going to vegas this weekend 
@earlybird44 no scarve, but a good excuse to go shopping this weekend for a new skirt 
well im out... headin to galveston in the mornin one of my boys gettin married so should be a drunken weekend... ill keep ya posted 
can't believe it's friday again already... not that i mind  especially if there is a sunny weekend around the corner!!!
@danicafrancia yea i know, but hey its almost the weekend 
@eduardoremedios I'm here until 5pm but then it's the weekend and the forecast is for sun! 
@draml It is absolutely fantastic outside, hope it continues over the weekend, any meetings planned outside? 
has an EXTRAA busy weekend, but she's cool with it. 
One of our best weeks in more ways than one - hope yours was good too  sorry all going bad now..... have a good weekend
another busy weekend ...... have a good one all 
gotta pack up... move to my moms this weekend, then the big move next weekend.  (8 days)
@tessalouise7 p.s so excited about next weekend! metrossssss! we can hit the d floor 
