Most common words for this cluster:
[('weekend', 709), ('x', 11), ('wow', 5), ('yay', 5), ('haha', 4), ('lol', 3), ('u', 3), ('c', 2), ('k', 2), ('com', 2), ('r', 2), ('didnt', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'weekend', 1.0000001192092896), (u'week', 0.7129935622215271), (u'summer', 0.6279289126396179), (u'Saturday', 0.6104766130447388), (u'weeked', 0.6026510000228882), (u'Labor_Day', 0.5936774015426636), (u'Weekend', 0.5842849612236023), (u'night', 0.5792556405067444), (u'Sunday', 0.5692796111106873), (u'afternoon', 0.5523395538330078)]





I'm craving for the long weekend... 
So not wanting to work this weekend! 
enjoying the last weekend before going back to work.. 
Going to work.  it should be illegal to have to go to work this early on a weekend!
This weekend is goign exactly as i thought it would.  Yippee for me.  
Wishing The weekend wasnt so short 
@EmilyAllyse Me neither  I've been putting it off all weekend.
Is ill and feeling really down, rubbish weekend 
I don't want the weekend to be over 
Just woke up and the weekend is almost over 
sad this weekend is soo busyyy 
weekend is over  back to life.
Wow. the weekend is almost  
He got magically whisked away.  Oohhh, I can't wait for next weekend. :3
and they are gone  but a good weekend.  now I need to figure out what I need to catch up on.
can't believe the weekend is over 
The weekend is defenitly over 
still getting over the weekend 
Still tired from this weekend and I am still not feeling. 
ugh i got grounded for the weekend  but now im back!
back to work after a long weekend 
is ill and is working all weekend 
@xhorrorkittenx I'm working all weekend to 
off to work. i really miss my weekend. 
It's the weekend and it's raining 
Working for the weekend 
Why do i wake up so early in every weekend  ?
my last weekend here at ringling 
Getting Dressed! Another weekend and I couldn't get up early!!! 
@JessicaSki And here I was thinking that you'd planned for it to fall on the weekend I was coming down. 
I'm not going to skip another weekend if I can help it 
doesnt want the weekend to end 
Long weekend is ending 
I can't believe the weekend is almost over 
can't believe the weekend is almost over... 
weekend went by so quicklyy 
  so much for a good weekend
wishing that this weekend was over 
wow. this weekend went by to fast 
can't believe the long weekend's over. 
what an unproductive weekend 
@mileycyrus I wish I could go cannot go that weekend 
horrible weekend. 
another weekend over 
The weekend is already more than half over 
I can't believe the weekend is almost over 
wishing this weekend didn't have to end 
all i wanted this weekend was to go to bamboozle. but this weekend has been shot to hell, literally. ask me about it. 
Why is the weekend so short 
I can't believe the weekend is over 
sad the weekend is almost over 
damn my weekend we to fast   blahhh
i want the weekend back!!! 
i don't want this weekend to end 
The weekend goes by too fast 
What happened to the long weekend?  
Long weekend almost over 
this weekend went by too fast.  and i should really be sleeping right now.
i blinked and the weekend was over... 
i wish it were still the weekend 
wondering where the weekend went. 
seriously..? this weekend sucks. 
hating this weekend.. i'm so unproductive. 
My weekend is over 
aw i already want next weekend! 
Its too early for the weekend. I'm late getting ready. I need to get up. 
@purky_sweet missed you this weekend 
I don't want the weekend to end  and I really don't want to go back to work
The weekend I've been looking forward to for so long is over 
I don't know what I shall do after next weekend! 
grounded for the weekend 
off to bed. the weekend always goes by too fast. 
why does the weekend always go by so fasstt?! 
@daniellllle i didn't even notice that you twittered me.  sorry i almost killed us  but were alive so get ready for this weekend!
this weekend's almost over 
not ready for the weekend to be over 
Shitttt the weekend is over 
The weekend is over...sad 
is sad the weekend is over. 
the weekend is too short 
is annoyed that he's oncall this weekend 
I need to get away from here for awhile. Even if it's just for a weekend. 
      this weekend has sucked so far
ugh, what a long weekend. 
grounded on the lond weekend 
This is a highly uneventfull weekend 
not happy the weekend is near on over 
not so good weekend, even mango tastes with some chemical flavour 
@kippygo i've had two already this weekend 
weekend has gone too fast 
weekend is nearly over 
The weekend is over 
I literally slept the entire weekend! 
most amazing weekend ever&lt;3333   i miss him so much 
Too... Early... To be up on the weekend 
can't believe the weekend is already over. 
is sad the weekend is over 
@amberlinfield that is disgusting. i miss you too  what are you doing this weekend?
so saddddd the weekend is over!!!!!!!!!  i wana go back to 6fest
I already want it to be the weekend again! 
rough weekend! 
Is v v tired after a manic weekend 
So little done this weekend 
: why does the weekend have to end so soon?! 
Wishing it was still the weekend 
so gutted the weekend's over 
Off to install some more carpet.... the weekend is officially over. 
such a beautiful weekend and I didn't get to ride one mile 
Wishing the great weekend we just had wasn't over 
What a great weekend... Now back to work 
I don't want the long weekend to end 
is lonely girl for the weekend 
This weekend i am........all by myself! 
i know what id like to be doing this weekend, and what i will be doing 
pretty disappointed in how this weekend is starting out 
not looking forward to this weekend  studying the whole weekend!
Why am I working the whole weekend 
Not too excited about the weekend 
@kdbennett I'm free all weekend I think.. 
@alitron i hate that i am going to be away all weekend while you are home. 
@AndreaVerdura too bad it's going to rain all weekend 
@saulyoung I don't know!!! You are gone this weekend aren't you? 
has work this weekend 
Really wishes she didnt have to work ANOTHER! weekend!! 
Long weekend is rapidly turning into a working weekend 
@dancepartyy  @felixer could be here hanging out with me this weekend 
@brendarana oh me too. unfortunately, you know the actual weekend will buzz by... 
is mad that she isn't vacationing this weekend 
i dont want to work this weekend 
This is going to be a loooong weekend...   
going up north for the weekend! not looking forward to long drive...  
Why is @misshxoxo not looking forward to the weekend? Why so sad?  can I help you feel better?????????
Really wish I could have gone to @bikeradar this weekend 
Off for a loooong weekend of inlawing...  ... ... 
Is working all weekend 
@tashababyyy i'm getting them this weekend. aw, i really want you to! 
I need a restful weekend, but I will have to work instead 
working weekend it looks like 
TGIF!! But I have so much work to do this weekend 
Is actually workin the weekend...Not for it 
Is it the weekend yet...? 
i dont want to be home all by myself all weekend!!!!!!!!!       what should i do?
sitting in bed where I will be for the weekend. 
This weekend is completely different from last weekend.  
@SashaBoucher omg! i know, and it ruins my weekend!  suree, if you want too.
is camping this weekend so you might not be able to reach him 
@shuliee and the weekend will be gone soon 
@rippa i go next weekend! 
will be out for the weekend...  http://plurk.com/p/x3lhq
Moving this weekend!  I am very much not prepared.  
Ah the weekend...2 bad I'm all booked 
Working this weekend 
@JustN_82 envious. I want the whole weekend off!! 
late night. .longg weekend ahead  not that excited
Totally not like me.....havin a quiet weekend   
working all weekend... 
Another weekend comes along which I have to work 
Ahhh , damn traffic, ruined my weekend 
Up and about and ready for the weekend. It's sunny  x x
Working on a weekend 
A very lazy weekend recovering sigh 
     I dont like this weekend.. Huhuhu ( (
working on a weekend 
'wish i was off this weekend' 
Working my weekend away 
working this weekend 
working all weekend 
Working all weekend 
missing salterpath this weekend  
Too cold to swim this weekend ! 
@damnlamb jake! Actually in guilford all weekend 
Not really enjoying the weekend  x x x x
I don't want this weekend to end.    
@torigarbowsky its not on this weekend 
Still haven't seen @janscottfrazier yet this weekend... 
actually bored this weekend. 
is having a lonely weekend.. 
Working this weekend 
I wish I was out enjoying my weekend 
The weekend is almost over 
Maybe its not my weekend 
i hatee studying! more in a weekend!!!,,when i could go out with myy friendzzzz! dammmmm! 
@izzyfontaine duuude next weekend! I'm so excited! I feel like it's been forever 
@ToriGarbowsky idk if it is next weekend either 
@elvabriggs is here, and thyinks it's weird that @wrongwaywhitney hasnt been here all weekend, it's very depressing. 
weekend is nearly over 
Doesn't want the weekend to end. 
@pokerfacexxx It sucks, :// i've had such a wasted weekend 
is so so sick and its a long weekend 
weekend passed too fast  didn't help that i woke up at 12.30!
What a not what I expected weekend 
This weekend wasn't right without the romey.  We miss you.
...or not looks like its next weekend 
I'm tired. I don't think I fully recovered from the weekend 
The weekend is almost over 
... weekend over already! 
this is the last weekend... so sad.. 
never ending weekend and all I do is work 
I don't want the weekend to end!!!!  I think I hate where I work....
The weekend already over 
@carolsantini I wont watch this weekend  , I 'll go in the next .
can't believe this weekend passed by so fast 
is sorry that weekend is already over 
got too much sun last weekend now he is peeling 
reallyy dont want this weekend to end! 
This weekend went by wayy too fast 
sad the weekend is over  it was sooo relaxing and nice!
doesn't want this weekend to end!! 
Why does the weekend have to end so soon 
the weekend is almost over already. 
is fed up, have had a totally crappy weekend to deal with GRRRRRRR 
@BecaBear I wish it was still the weekend 
I don't want the weekend to end. 
Amazing weekend! I miss @LittleMissIQ @PopGoesDaCamera @aimzyLOLZ so very much 
I got so much sunburn this weekend 
the weekend is over 
@SpencerBobby my weekend has been miserable 
is sad that the weekend is almost over!!!! 
Not ready for the weekend to be over 
is the only one not going to melbourne this weekend. 
brother is gone...  but he's coming back next weekend!!!
@alisaferrara by gainesville  how was your weekend?
Oh no the weekend is almost over.  
The weekend ended too quickly 
what a short weekend 
I'm sleeeepy.  it was a long weekend
the weekend is almost oveR 
I don't want the weekend to be over 
why can't it just stay the weekend? 
can't believe the weekend is over 
@maura_doll i suppose i can   do you know what weekend that is??
another weekend over already 
The weekend always goes by so fast. 
don't want the long weekend to end 
wondering what happened to the weekend 
has completely lost the weekend . . . 
That was a nice, but short weekend; now back to work. 
headed to work. such a short weekend 
This weekend was just not long enough 
@kjllim 'Twas an unproductive weekend! 
my weekend is officially over.   Wish it could've lasted longer. :/
@msdynamitee where were u this weekend y didnt i see u 
pinche highheel weekend destrozavidas 
I need a weekend from my weekend ~ I'm tired 
omgwtfbbq all weekend, n now its over 
i miss the weekend.. 
@wantmylife i miiissed you this weekend!! 
@stevodarkly sounds like it was a tremendously productive weekend, as i have only come to expect. so sad we werent there. 
Wish i never went out at the weekend 
seriously. best weekend ever. so sad i had to leave! 
@darkheart510 I don't want to pack it up yet...   But mom is going to spend the weekend and she'll find it if I don't.  &gt;.&lt;
is going to be working alllllll weekend 
Wishing my long weekend wasn't over yet.  
@madathena: K never made it last weekend, supposedly coming next weekend, but i'll believe it when he's actually here.   
Why is it not the weekend again? 
need an id for this weekend 
a great weekend is over 
@KarenDionesotes  ok. I'll see you this weekend then
@SingingIvy5 lmao stop being like that it was only one weekend....are we going to the picnic this weekend 
@catieisflyy I miss you too  We should hang out this weekend.
What its not the weekend yet 
ugh, still sore from this weekend 
Is it the #weekend yet ? 
@VinnyDamato me to  hangout this weekend...
going to have a laaame weekend 
has a busy weekend ahead of him...  
looking forward to camping this weekend 
booo not even pumped for the weekend 
I don't want it to rain this weekend 
I am working all weekend not happy 
I'll miss Kareeeeeen, she'll be gone ALL weekend now that's horrible 
finally the weekend but more studying 
is very upset that its the weekend and she can't spend it w/ her hubby 
Really can't be assed working all weekend 
Boredness going to be bored over the weekend too 
still hungover and the weekend has started 
@lomara  I'm jealous. It's going to be a beautiful weekend here.
working the whole weekend 
K... now we're sitting, waiting... still waiting for the weekend 
heading into a working weekend................. 
working on the weekend 
this is going to be a long weekend 
I'm very bored and I'm not looking forward to a crapy boring weekend. 
is working the weekend away 
@eatconsciously i would but it is too expensive for me and I will also be gone that weekend. 
working all weekend 
working all weekend 
Is really sad because its raining at the weekend 
@esye 'fraid so...  have to do it another weekend 
I really wanted to see jimmy this weekend 
I hate workin the weekend 
so much to get done this weekend, i don't even know where to start 
Staying in this weekend...so bored 
@kaos527 LMFAO!  i will!  it's her last weekend here.. 
@AutumnAmes I would, but I'm housesitting this weekend 
working for the weekend 
So sad the weekend is half over  
So bored and i wish the weekend was longer 
Too bad the weekend is almost over... 
@emmie04 so you're in coronado this weekend?  you bettttter have fun!!!
@cplaird I would... But I'm working all weekend. 
I've smoked so much this weekend 
@britleaf I work Mondays  I have all weekend off though
weekend is nearly over.. omgosh.. so tired.. 
I really should start packing, I'll be moving next weekend. 
The weekend goes by so fast 
Working on the weekend is overrated... 
I am really sick of working this weekend 
absolutely throwing it down! and it was soo sunny last weekend 
So little of the weekend left 
I want the weekend to be over 
where's my weekend 
@guarros not me - i am the weekend before - 
My weekend sucked 
the weekend is over... 
and the weekend is over 
@MissKsyn gettttin stoked for this weekend!!!! But no DoNdi! 
went to culver this weekend. skied and tubed. so much fun but really sore. 
The weekend is almost over 
and the weekend is over 
isn't ready for the weekend to be over just yet 
@IceSW   What are you doing next weekend??
is exhausted! i can't believe the weekend is over 
@meticulouZity we didn't have our usual weekend run-in this weekend 
Not ready for the weekend to end  
I hate working all weekend 
The weekend is almost finished!!! 
WOW I can't believe the weekend is almost over..... 
relaxing...can't believe the weekend is already over 
The long weekend is nearly over. 
The weekend should've been longer. 
I really don't want the weekend to be over 
ugh, this weekend went far too quickly.  
@larspind I know how you feel - it's a long weekend here and I'm studying 
another weekend ends 
Getting ready for bed!! The weekend id done 
I need a longer weekend 
So tired. And sad that the weekend is nearly over. 
The long weekend isn't all that long after all 
I wish the weekend would have losted longer 
sooo sleepy, i didnt sleep this weekend at all  gnite every1
I've had a great weekend! Now back to work 
@SdotSwoon another r. patz-less weekend. 
Morning all what a weekend, now work 
not enough rest on the weekend..now im dead tired 
aww, the weekend is over?  poopies.
how is the weekend over so quickly? 
What happened to the weekend? It went too fast 
Still wondering why i've been ill this weekend 
So tired. i miss the weekend already. 
i'm working and it's raining.....again!  i just got sunburned on weekend! and now rain! 
wondering where the weekend went? 
damn, i forgot to enter the #squarespace sweeps during the weekend 
@mandaswanson i can't believe i missed you this weekend 
After such a good weekend, it really sucks having to come back here 
i want it to be the weekend again 
Not every weekend is a good weekend 
The weekend was awful 
Wishing it was the weekend already 
@kristinquintas yikes! I know what that's like. I had one last weekend  Hopefully it goes away soon!
@heduav i think the same... i want to repeat this weekend 
 long week ahead!!! Another weekend off!!!
Tummmyyy huuurrrttts  I want the weekend now,,
@nidiamazing...i wanted to go for the weekend but its not going to happen 
won't go home this weekend. 
@gillianlooey SOON leh. this weekend or next weekend?  
@BrianNeudorff Not too bad, too short   How was your weekend?
+ the weekend  
@cheribeli the weekend is soooo far away 
can't wait for the weekend 
ugh, why is the weekend so short?! 
@sexidesi i missed u this weekend 
Its still tuesday and I'm longing for the weekend.. 
@aliza1512 i miss you too.  ahhhh no i want vidddsss. im so stoked for this weekend though 
@sapphirecut ok  I might show up next weekend then.
@MNMorgan I want to go! But I have to work all weekend. 
@Bonjournessa you can't stay over this weekend 
@arlisa not yet  i'll try to get it this weekend.
Is it the weekend yet? 
just realised its now 8 weeks to our next long weekend 
just realised i can't sleep in this weekend  not good.
still 2 days 'til weekend 
I want to go home this weekend 
This my last weekend drinking  @smileamber @nikkiholley
is not ready for the loooooong weekend!  
is working the whole weekend 
is it the weekend yet ? 
working all weekend ugh 
@jchavezloeza I haven't watched it!  I'm going this weekend if you want to come!
heading to werk   looking forward to the weekend already!
@SpeedyG1212 I think it's supposed to rain all weekend! 
Suprisingly doesn't want the weekend to come.... 
is wishing this weekend was already here 
@dibaz i can't wait to see you this weekend. i do not see you enough 
i wish i was going to glastonbury this weekend 
sooo tired  can't wait for the weekend.
freeeeeeeeeeeeee!!! just for the weekend 
packing for this weekend! its already turning out to be bad. 
Just realized she can't scrimmage at all this weekend. 
no weekend 
@slyabney When? I can't at all this weekend?  
This weekend will be bittersweet 
Long weekend ahead. YAY! 
Not looking forward to working all weekend especially with anastashia leaving.... 
Wish i could have a quite weekend but its not going to happen this weekend 
Is not looking forward to the weekend 
Working this weekend 
@KRIOUS  well there's the weekend waiting ahead for you
@scarlatescu i would, but i'll be in cluj this weekend 
working all weekend  $$$$$$$
@rasness ikr youuu! i cant this weekend  monmonmonmonmondaaaaay?
is working all weekend 
TGIF!  I'm soooo ready for this weekend.  Though I do wish it were a little less busy. 
I wish I didn't have to work all weekend 
got D of E final during the weekend so i wont be updating 
still sick...   there goes my weekend
 he's gone for the weekend.
@thecolingibson   i will miss you dearly this weekend. 
And I have to work at the weekend  ...... ;)
@Tanmitcheboo im not off until next weekend  
I wish I knew how to swim  .... I'm definitely aim'n to learn this weekend! http://mypict.me/4vlJ
dreading the weekend 
I'm so ready to get this weekend started 
headache  need to get it together for the weekend........!
working all weekend 
@Teddybabe1   sounds like how it was here last weekend. Just horrible!
has a busy weekend ahead.. 
worried for the weekend  i need to toughen up!
not looking forward to this weekend , going to be rubbish i can feel it  x
i dunno about this weekend. 
Working this weekend. 
@thatboysamp for the weekend only 
should have tooken the weekend off still not fully recovered 
studying my weekend away 
is working all weekend 
@savsmile1 I'm sorry  I'll be much chipper this weekend. I promise.
@LadyOhh Your not staying the whole weekend? 
@deehdeeh1984 Aawww!  I was going to ask you if you wanted to come with me next weekend 
 too tired to kick off the weekend.  going to bed now.  kthxbye.
@sassynjgirl I'm sorry you have to work all weekend ! 
I hate waking up early on a weekend 
Working on a weekend again.....yeah ?!?  
Working all weekend 
Working on a weekend 
@dfuss I'm walletless this weekend 
is working on a weekend 
@iDawling aww where are you going this weekend? i'll miss you 
right, i'm off. going to curitiba. have a sweeet weekend. i'll miss you, twitter! 
Long weekend ahead without you. 
Is having to work at the weekend 
Going away for the weekend 
My weekend was cut short. 
Working another weekend away, again 
Working the weekend... 
This weekend will be boring 
@NanaLorraine Not yet but I think I'll have to get it set up this weekend 
Is wishing she were in TO this weekend 
weekend off....with unfortunatly nothing to do..... 
chaya left for the weekend  now im lonely.
raining must be the weekend. 
working on the weekend! 
so bored! I is housebound for the weekend  x
@HaizeRava nooo never go there on a weekend 
campinng all weekend 
Doesn't want this weekend to end 
danced all weekend. now being yelled at 
Is so exhausted and the weekend is almost over 
Working for the weekend... 
@foodiewithfam so much for an uneventful weekend 
; really awful weekend 
not a good weekend so far 
another weekend almost over  'sigh'
miserable weekend 
so bored.. weekend is almost over 
Awwww....the weekend is over 
the weekend is almost over! 
i feel so unsociable, i haven't been out like all weekend 
This is definitely a stressathon weekend. 
feeling sucky after a sucky weekend! 
How is the weekend almost over?  
@qamandali I miss you more!  I thought I was going to get to see you this weekend 
Up far too early for this to be called a weekend 
where was d weekend?? 
never want to wake up this early on a weekend ever again 
The weekend when by too quicky 
The weekend went by too quicky 
@metted I've been working all weekend to! Miew 
weekend is nearly over 
this weekend went by too fast! 
@MissBronte i wish i could see you this weekend. I'm sorry i have to work so much    
So ur not going to wait til the weekend @DjMuhnee 
@ElleySPN I'm glad it's nearly the weekend, I miss you when you're not around 
The weekend seriously can't get here quick enough. TimeTravelWanted.com 
@stutterdude Currently 21c, with a high of around 35. This weekend?... 38c 
@Noufah loool I'm still fighting for my weekend 
I will miss @barefoothillary this weekend! 
I'm so ready for the weekend. 
Not feeling well at all  It figures the weekend that I have alot going on I would be sick 
@MyAppleStuff lol , did you go all out at the weekend 
thinking I am going to enjoy the weekend very much so. 
Relaxing and getting ready for a great weekend....  
@FZeringue @thestorylady Thanks so much for the #followfriday!  I appreciate it and wish you an amazing weekend!  
Just got up!! So glad, its weekend!! 
Loving the weekend 
@vismajor I'm so glad you guys are having such a wonderful weekend. 
This has been an extremely interesting weekend. 
looking forward to this weekend 
@yargman do you work all weekend?  x
@debswillis make it the weekend after the weekend after next 
@richardcostin I don't intend too, it's the weekend!! 
I had a long weekend !!!  
good weekend 
is having a lovely weekend 
#asot400 after this weekend, i hate twitter 
I had a great weekend!! 
Just woke up  This weekend was crazy haha
this was weekend was really really good 
back to work after a lovely weekend... and it actually feels good 
@DanielJUK haha, we did  i hope you had a fabulous weekend!
had a fabulous weekend 
what a great weekend. 
The weekend is here! 
Having a nice weekend and u? 
is so tired... I am excited for this weekend 
@Jchawes I just wanted to wish you a good weekend 
this will be a fantastic weekend. 
@ElspethMurray have a nice weekend 
sunburned. good weekend 
is glad its the weekend !! YAY 
is glad its the weekend !! YAY 
Just enjoying the weekend  
off to ateneo for vanna's dwtl weekend!!! 
is happy for a great weekend! 
i am enjoying the long weekend. 
@daniesq I know you're always up early but why the weekend? 
@Jennafleur aww u r the best, too ;) i hope u have a good weekend 
its going to be an insanely drunken weekend  boo-yah!
@cruzteng : What a wonderful weekend that you had.. 
wow. so much for an adventurous weekend! but it's still earrrrlyyy lol 
had a great weekend, really 
Wow! A very hectic weekend 
what a weekend 
had a lovely weekend... it really was lovely.. 
So i would say this weekend was the ultimate. But im pretty sure next weekend will dominate. I love may 
has had an unexpected weekend. but can only smile 
what a weekend 
good weekend 
@uscsports21 That's good to hear  How was your weekend ?
Having the greatest weekend ever.  
had a pretty alright weekend 
the weekend was pretty good 
Pretty good weekend 
Ah, such a good weekend 
had a nice weekend. 
has such a great weekend!!!  
@NikkiBenz i say that every weekend 
went to cornell for the weekend... 
had a fantastic weekend! 
The Shimtastic weekend has come to a close and I'm off to bed..  'Night all!   
just got back from the long weekend 
@shakeyz09 so I take it, it wasn't the best weekend? 
had the best weekend 
 good weekend
@zefrank have a lovely weekend 
@mkeguy69 thank you  have a great weekend
Hanging with @lacedwithvenom for the weekend 
I had the best weekend ever 
learnt how to drive a manual on the weekend 
had the best weekend EVER  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
All in all, a good weekend 
@bryns I heard you are coming to dublin next weekend 
having a great weekend 
@craigaherring I had a great weekend too baby 
I finally got to sleep in for once this weekend. I feel marvelous. 
whatttttttttttt... a weekend 
I had a great weekend 
@bobbytommy i cant believeeeeeeeeeee u didnt know the fest was this weekend...lmafo 
I liked this weekend.It was lovely.It makes me happy for once. 
@Selahbee It was fantastic!  So much fun! I wish you guys could of been there. But I will be seeing you this weekend! 
@heruniquesoul he is alright. he will be around this weekend 
What a good weekend! 
@twesommelier I'm doing well  How was your weekend?
@NyXProjects oh! I can't wait to shoot this weekend  yay! finally!
is eagerly waiting for weekend 
@bigbangforever my weekend? i was sick!!!  that's why i didn't update
its nearly the weekend yipeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
Is looking forward to the weekend 
is allready thinking about weekend 
REALLY looking forward to this weekend 
Enjoying the weekend 
@diverdown how is that different from any other weekend ? 
I'm having a great weekend 
this weekend has been amazing 
had a very productive weekend 
@garrettpierson great seeing you this weekend 
woo... needed this weekend 
@manojeronot not this weekend, it has been a very lazy weekend was very needed 
is very excited about next weekend 
woo, looking forward to next weekend already. 
is smiling at how amazing this weekend was. 
Enjoying my weekend off 
@rikki_ You should stay for the weekend and have fun in Sthlm 
chilly sunday, long weekend 
Having a great weekend!! 
@drendar You and me both. But that is what the weekend is for sometimes, slacking. 
it's been a beautiful weekend 
had a great weekend with all her friends 
I think I'm going to bed now.  I can't believe the weekend is already over! That was fast!
is having a pretty good long weekend. 
partyyyyyyyyy this weekend 
My weekend was fun 
My weekend was fabulous! I'm blessed! 
After weekend back to work 
can't wait for the weekend again 
back to life after such a wasted weekend... not a weekend which was wasted 
@dadgumLee I did  made my weekend..
@GeoXroma sounds like you went where I wanted to go this weekend! 
@TimGee3 especially on a gorgeous OR weekend! 
back at it monday morning, great weekend though 
@TheRedheadedOne do you think I could rent him out - ya know you go away for the weekend he will come in and clean? What would you pay? 
@lgladdy  How was your weekend? x
back to work after a great weekend 
@LenaGoesToBed hey how was your weekend? 
Loving a long weekend!  
its going to be an exciting weekend but i can't say where... but some of you know 
is glad to be home for the weekend! 
@inspectorsarit thank you!!!  enjoy your weekend darling!!
@RoxyD I'm sure it will be fixed back together again. Are you going dancing this weekend?  x
Long weekend here I come!!!!!!!! 
its the weekend 
@bluewavemickey yehey! it's going to be a looong weekend! 
Finally, its the weekend!! 
packing... again  Its going to be a great weekend...
Looking forward to the weekend 
can not wait for this weekend 
@crazytwism  thank you!! travelling again this weekend?
is  looking forward to a nice long weekend 
is ready and waiting for the weekend to begin! 
@emity - not much - perhaps if it was a long weekend 
having a good weekend because i say so 
is ready to start the weekend. 
@iknitlondon awesome! I have one too, hoping to blog about it this weekend 
weekend is here again 
totally love the weekend i have planned 
is looking forward to a long weekend off 
hardening off plantlings for planting out over weekend 
Off to a wonderful weekend... hopefully 
@nurscin I am busy but this weekend I am going to chill 
Morning all.  It's nearly the weekend 
@CherylH77 are you planniing for a bigger one over the weekend OR just being good ?  
@bronchandler well it's done now  relaxing and will have a wonderful weekend! lol
chicago for the weekend  
@marcelekkel #XMind is on this weekend. 
looking forward to the weekend 
I am planning on havign a most wonderful weekend. 
Looking forward to the weekend 
@girlstoys hope it's a wonderful weekend 
almost packed for the weekend 
Morning  The weekend! 
@JackoBTC awesome  its the weekend which makes it even better  haha
is hoping for a good weekend and some perspective. 
Going to train and than weekend 
mid-coastal this weekend... yesssss 
i really hope it stays nice all weekend...working all of it 
Sailing this weekend. 
waiting for the weekend to start 
Memorial weekend AND anniversary weekend  I wonder what he has in store for me haha.
TGIF!  I'm excited about he long holiday weekend.  
Looking forward to the long weekend  
@ricoexplainsit why don't you bbq this weekend? 
I might be headed to pcola for the weekend 
is looking forward to a lovely long weekend 
heading to work..really happy that I have a long weekend 
Here comes the weekend! 
I'm back for the weekend 
is ready for the weekend 
weekend. finally 
@jamestimbrell have a good weekend monkster! 
@mcabadass and so close to the weekend! 
@meesabythewater indeed it is!! And I don't have to work this weekend  YAY!!! 
@Jemfyr Sounds so fun..........  I want your weekend!...........  
@mailpho HEYYY!!!  I think I'm coming over this weekend!! HAHA you're going to get so sick of me
chicago this weekend 
@mynameisbethany woooooohoooooo!!!  have fun this weekend 
@dishingdelights I'll look for it this weekend! 
@ItsDeandraBitch I'm from and moving back to nj this weekend 
@kalgrl hang in there, it's a long weekend 
Getting excited about an artful weekend. 
keen for the weekend 
is looking forward to the long weekend!!! 
is really looking forward to the weekend only 8 hours till i go home 
@GreyAreaUK the weekend is nigh 
woooh! the weekend is finally here 
