Most common words for this cluster:
[('week', 1766), ('day', 120), ('weekend', 76), ('weeks', 63), ('days', 58), ('month', 44), ('work', 40), ('exams', 38), ('summer', 35), ('rest', 35), ('amp', 35), ('half', 31)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'week', 0.9336056709289551), (u'month', 0.7886205315589905), (u'day', 0.7314451932907104), (u'weekend', 0.7179152965545654), (u'weeks', 0.7082636952400208), (u'summer', 0.6557670831680298), (u'year', 0.6541781425476074), (u'days', 0.6537726521492004), (u'morning', 0.6118329763412476), (u'fortnight', 0.595899224281311)]





This week just seems to get longer and longer in terms of how much I need to do.. and how much I'm actually going to get done 
Just got my presentation done, 23 slides done...  I'm crying for this week will be the hardest of all weeks.
@DavidBlue someone spoiled it for me last week 
i miss my mum  havent seen her for almost a week and i still have to wait another week  she just called me i miss her
I hate no sex week 
is not wanting to work this week.....i want a vacation!!! 
quitting my piano lesson this month. i was never excellent 
yawn, the weather is going to be boring all week 
this feels like the week from hell.......   
tuesday! this week is going so slow 
Last week I was late to the dr...this week they are running late &amp; I forgot my book! 
@heykimmi our timing in the last days is bullshit x) And next week, you're in holidays   But I hope to see you soon (THE weekend)
my first full week of class this week. no skipping, sad day 
@andrummm well its not really a spring break. Its just a 4 day weekend. 
car is all cleaned out now and awaiting it's pending doom sometime next week perhaps 
@AlmostMrsBrown I know, I suck  maybe I'll have better luck next week.
Ugh, I hate working Saturdays!  That makes 45hrs this week.  It never feels like I have a weekend.  
Prelims next week.  bricking it.
Where did the week go?!?!? Not enough hours in the day and not enough days in a week  
@carolynne2605 everyday this week!! usualy i get them like 3 or 4 times a week but its been rough this week  xxx
Is rockin the same exhaust for at least another week 
I have 1 week to catch up on 11 weeks of French work 
@blanesaw ah so jealous  if i didnt have so many tests this week i wouldve gone
thinking about gym. competition next week 
up at ridiculous o clock after drinking far too much and being sick everywhere.. mm fabulous.. lol. I feel ill  same again next week! Haha
awh I just seen kat dennings new video and its been a week since it's been up 
Feeling miseable. I thought I was getting better? One week of fake bliss 
My bike is in the shop for the next week and a half 
@LimeIce i told yoooo... and i asked you for ur number as well  but pictures comminup this week 
has a heavy week ahead of her and a heavy cold to match 
@katecameron2002 Its not on this week because of snooker 
@ixde i was sick one and a half week be4 my easter break and this means i havn't seen my friends for 3 weeks now  i miss them all &lt;33
not online for a whole week  my computer doesn't work anymore.it needs to be fixed.i'll be back soon
@atulkarmarkar I did take a long break, right?  was on vacation for more than a week..
is exhausted, soccer throughout the entire week! too much 
@mkr5u i was thesising   but it was good i finished the part  i've been working on all week.  yay!
Ah, a good week off, our recycle bin is overflowing with empty alcohol containers, back to work and the gym this week 
seriously wants to just crawl back into bed and not get out for about a week! 
Weekends are too short.  i hope this week goes by quick!
is still not feeling better and is absolutely starving because she can't eat anything  I want this week to be over!
@AhmedGrim yes they played a low key club gig last month and I missed it! 
so she's having surgery and chris is really upset   will keep you updated though and talk to you next week..love you xx
@timberwolf123 so she's having surgery and chris is really upset  will keep you updated though and talk to you next week..love you xx
@danposluns I am trying and it's not working. I have a client coming in this week, too! 
in the army... for another week.. 
@rossautomatica ive not even got r thursday to look forward to this week  x
new phone for less than a week and it drowned last niiiight  fuuuuck.
has a sore throat and feels horrible...way to start off exam week 
Last meeting of the semester is this week! 
Working week starts with a flue.. 
Going to bed before I start another week tomorrow...only a few left then it's time for my last &quot;real&quot; summer. 
back to work after two week holday  x
This is going to be the longest week. I'm going to miss you so much, I already do 
This week is going to be one of the longest weeks, I'm going to miss you everyday 
Its raining and my husband leaves at the end of this week  It starting to be a crummy week already.
Another week, another deadline, another sighhh 
i had an awesome weekend. now time for the work week. 
Another week of the day job begins! 
weekend finished, long week in work ahead, can't wait 
@carewcha it took me a week to lose that damned song when I first saw that episode...now it's back 
is sad as her angel has gone away 4 week no contact at all 
Staring down the barrel of working a full week 
no new lost this week   http://tinyurl.com/cwvrnw @jamestubb @nicolasiorio @chrisdowling @rowanhunter
week off  = to many emails 
? Is not looking forward to her singing assessment this week  ?
@IWCharters This week actually will be kind of rough, b/c two managers are out on vacation &amp; I'm covering for both of them simultaneously 
Hey. The week has started on a low. I've got a cold  
@davewalker I havent - not remotely unless the negative achievement of recluttering counts. Not sure week off worth it 
@stephenfry having a similar procedure next week 
About to head back to work after a week off for spring break. 
I have finally left the comfort of my bed for a quick breakfast and work.  This is probably a bad thing. Also I close 3x this week 
thinks working 57 hours this week might just kill me a little bit, that wat you get for having a week off 
starting a new week of monotony 
this week is going to blow. didn't sleep well last night, now i have two tests to look forward to. 
is going to be studying nonstop for the next week 
this weekend was too fun! new work week 
@isacullen I'm walking home... I'm in pain not used to working this much normally only 6a wk hours done 36 this week 
amazing weekend, kissing my life goodbye for the next two weeks though 
@peoplemag not yet!! man i suck  i promise to see it this week
is already feeling the stress of this week 
This is going to be the week from hell...I have so so so much to do! 
please god just get me through this week...i'll be so psyched when i only have four papers to write 
@thisgirlhaslove I'm glad you're enjoying the holidays. I'm back at uni this week.  Though admittedly, I only go two days a week anyway.
so much to do and yet i don't know what... tech week is always bad when u have a trip right in the middle 
Does a bad day become a bad week? 
i have butterflys for my project presentation next week 
Hates waking up at 6.30 and not looking forward to a full week of it 
D'oh! My significant stays up late all week playing on the computer but decides to sleep at 9:30 when I finally can stay up late. 
@craigbailey I feel your pain - that's been most of my week. 
@jeremybogdan mint.com is sweet, I've been using it for a month now, but it can be a bit depressing looking at the spending breakdowns... 
Looks like next week is going to be spent tracking down obsecure xen bug 
@piginthepoke  I don't watch it either, must have just been unlucky to catch the worst act ever last week 
@HannahLouise02 i know  but i reeeally need to get C20th done soon otherwise doing early next week is going to be an actual mare!
Yay finally finished work for the week - but miss out on the long weekend everyone else is getting 
After a couple days of framing it's back to the editioning, more so as I have a free week due to an artist cancelling a visit 
Raaaaain!! The fishing trip has been cancelled until next week. 
@RuddockMH the teasing big reveal and still a week to go 
Really regretting that piece of popcorn. Out of town for a week while sick = 
@tonyburkejnr I have been craving eddies all week don't bitch! We don't even have one here 
no parties this week , that's so sad 
damn its gone be raining all week 
bad week i think on report and five weeks detention (N) 
packing moving studying... for the next week and a half 
@ddlovato I was cyber-bullied the other week..... did u ever get that? it wasn't nice that's for sure 
@kuhkayla I WISH I COULD! but my exams start in a week!  bummer
@ruxoz sounds like my food budget for a week 
Just realized how much work and other activities I have to do in the next week! SO SO SO STRESSED!!! 
ahh what a long week away from my laptop that was 
wants summer to come faster.  but at least MRISA's this week 
@DJCRONA naw...too tired to go out, been working the whole weekend and only one day off next week...need to rest   U going?
@mrgoldenhanger okay  can we go to taste or southern fires this week ?
Its confirmed. I am starting this week with an awful code. Between the coughing and sneezing I am ready to strangle myself 
Trying to figure out what I want for dinner. I haven't been to the store in over a week, so I don't have much here right now. 
@SHOONEYDARAPPER lol man u missed that drug last week...I don't think there coming this week 
going to bed...school tomorrow...  school this week, then next week, then the week after that...then only 1 1/2 days! 
Writing all the papers I should've done last week.  I will NEVER escape procrastination.  
I hate it when the teashop is closed!   Long week was long, uuugh.
listening to last week's podcasts that i missed while working on chair things. woah, weekends aren't long enough 
making a list of everything I have to do this week and its rather daunting 
planning the entire teachers appreciation week 
I so don't want to have to drudge through another 5 day week to get to sleep in again for a couple of days. 
Finals all week 
i hate being sick.&amp;in the same week as all my half yearlys, ahh poo 
@girlishoutline aw man &amp; I was going to ask if you wanted to have lunch together this week 
Only has one lot of cupcakes to make this week 
doing my homework for next week 
There is nothing to look forward to this week. Thats depressing. 
has midterms this week 
Getting ready for a busy week...and basically a busy life.  
@kirstysmac nope, but should this week. they were interviewing last week too. I'm not so positive as time goes by 
ahh my spanish teacher just sent me a corrected version of my oral. now i have a week to learn it  im so scared bout next week
@human_beans I had that last week...it was awesome. 5 days this week.  
A week ago i was on my way to washington 
@jehan_ara And I missed another good event this week... 
had a wicked birthday weekend  buuut back to school tomorrow and it inspection week and i dont know if im still in iso 
sorry havent been twittering 4 a while...been busy with homework all week!!! 
wondering why no one gave me a big fat kiss for Nurses' week. 
Just found out that my one of favorite regulars died of an aneurysm last week. 
last day with internet.. what will i do with no net for a whole week!  lol
Loves the rain...if only she didn't have to pull a million all nighters this week 
No futsal this week. I feel fat 
Two assignments due this week - faaaaark 
it sucks that my shows only come on one night a week  Why can't they at least be on 2 nights a week?
i want to 'balik kg'. But this morning i got headache..so sad I cant go 'balik kg'. I even take a week leave already. 
watching the best week ever and waiting for the nyquil to kick in! *sniffle* 
@shamim86 @Lassam I guarantee it will be an eventful week! poor Shamers 
urggggg so beat. luwow was awesome ;) next week is the last pic meeting  lovethatbigfamily lol
needs a break from books. But he only studied 12hrs this week. 
keep getting distracted. the weather outside is great, yet i'm stuck revising for 5 exams which are spread over a whole month 
tests all nexttt week 
Ive come to the decision that Sundays suck! Probably will have to start studying for summer tests next week 
And here ends the weekend, and so begins the work week 
shit, i thought mother's day was next week 
will be off to work shortly, going to be a late night. End of month count, the whole store 
acir lost my phone last week 
And so my working week starts 
ugh, and of course my last backup was a month ago. i guess that'll do. 
My lawn turned severely brown this week although watered on both my prescribed 'water restriction days' 
car was broken into, my fish died, this was a bad week... 
is starting the week with an injured ankle 
Mourning the end of another weekend.  I spend all week waiting for it, and it's gone before I know it 
laying on the couch watching grey's from last week - missing my roomates 
@Killaya I have a biological anthropology exam tomorrow.  At least you're done with classes after this week! I have 6 more weeks I think.
a week of obligations 
is reaalllyyy stressing about graduation week for her baby 
irritated. but excited to go to wilmington this week...I miss those people 
@Sarahbear9789 Ahhh I should. I should I should. But I can't save ANY right now since I only work 4hrs a week. 
Last day of the week at this awful temp job. Should be the last day full stop. But they want me back next week 
Why iit is always rainning this week 
messed up my toe skating, out for a week or so 
rainy prospects this week 
@camthecameraman I get one nearly every week. They just don't get the point even after telling them I don't want to change retailers. 
1 assessment due next week and 3 due 2 weeks 
.@greeneyes1966 I would but I've had essays / revision to do every week this season - terrible timing 
not feeling quite right - my chest has hurt some all week - think i need to spend day in bed resting 
No pretzel rolls this week 
Headed back out into the fields next week. 
On the lirr goin to flatbush ave.. I see the same conductor twice a week and he never says good morning... 
my arm is sore - record breaking blood test; 8 vials!! But the record will only stand for 8 days since I have to donate a unit next week 
Its has been a bad week !  sad party !
People are leaving beach week already for graduation.  
@berly6412 eh, my knee's still not right. It's good while running then inflamed after.I've been keeping off it this week. 
Ugh, I have been so un-productive with art the past week. 
I think I pulled something in yoga this week 
@vettuh ahh i'm trying to focus too!!  assignments all due this week!  how are you btw?
@AlwaysConvinced *hugs* ditto baby  we kept missing each other all week on here all week! 
@shannynb WCE, over there, next week too 
I'm so tired. I only work three days this next week.. So much for having money. 
@InNoSenseLost LOL, I know...im getting old	 I will be in atx for the rest of the month though, so we're definitely having a scrabble duel
I really need to work on that DUBSTEP mix. But now I work 6 days a week,and I can never find inspiration on Sundayz. 
is gonna have to get lots of revision done today seeing i have about 7 hours worth of exams this week 
It' getting booring now  4 more days to go until the week end
maths, english lit and biology this week, 2 of which are over 2 hours, my arm will be killing!  revision is calling...
is so bored  way too many exams coming up this week  and revision is so boring 
@xxbiancaa well i have math english and biology this week, then a week and a half off, then 7 more exams  and get better soon to your cat
UGH-dental emergency and only an appointment for next week!  
Doing a little homecleaning before a new week of working starts tomorrow  But only 3 days this week )))
wish me luck for next week. moga2 all problem solved 
A mighty week of four exams coming up 
was pleased with how last weeks exams went, but doesn't think this week will, particularly since she can barely bring herself to revise 
Today is my last day of summer for 6 weeks. 
 senti moments for me this week (
11 tests in the next week 
maybe a week off this week before spending ridiculous amounts 
@YungCed yea like 3/4 hrs. im soo sleepy. like beyond it. i cnt wait til the week is over (this upcoming week) 
so, doing my project and something like that. next week is going to be the worst week in my life. ugh! 
- cleaning , and getting ready for the weeek ! 
i've been packing/unpacking for the last week, not fun   I had too much fun wed-sat
I miss the computer  Hopefully it'll be back up in a week or so. So stick with me if I'm not on =]
@WeTheTRAVIS aww it'd cold and rainy  but it is meant to be nice the week you are coming...but please don't hold me to that haha
Massive dizziness and a very annoying cold  ughhh definitely not a good way to start the week.
@sarahmorrison what has happened to best week ever? I haven't seen it on yobeat for ages 
@timetogetilll I'll start doing best week ever over on this site. The economy is a bitch these days 
Not feeling at all comfortable this morning and the trip to the doctors I've been putting off for months is looking pretty likely 
this weekend sucked big hairy balls!! whatever time for another boreing week 
is on my vacation week.... and is wide awake.... 
hates Mondays and working so early in the week... 
So I saw where I puked last week. I puked on a cross. 
Finally done with my paper. Now for 2.5 hours of sleep!  Related: Is it bad that I'm ready for the weekend only 2 hours into the week? 
@CinnehMarie me been sick for a week straight now  hopefully you don't have to wait that long
history due wednesday..busy all week 
Another monday another week, busy start to the week already 
@Ozquilter i know  But got things done so that rest of the week will be relatively sane!
going to be the worst.week.ever. i HATE maths 
monday! last week of classes. officially ... altho i still have one more next week 
I hopes this week gets better but i knw its only going to get worse...!! 
Exams this week 
At work, latte in hand, just realized that next week is a 3-day weekend, while that's nice and all, I can't bill for days off 
had a great celebrating yesterday! But the fun is over now, I have electric circuits and c-programming exams in about a week 
this week i have nothing to do but study  shiitee
What up twitter another lame week 
I have so many things to do this week 
@debbieseraphina I really want to! I haven't rsvpd cause I don't have my calendar for the week yet 
@pastaprimavera @pmablog we're crushing it at 4, 36 and 37 respectively this week ... we seem to have lost some of our cohorts though! 
why does gas prices keep going up? it jumped like 20 cents in the last week. 
@JDFirst lol that was a bad one indeed... now i got my week off n nowhere to go though 
Is watching everyday Italian. --I miss eating beef  first week of braces suck!
@BlackBoxBelfast my running is going terrible - knee still playing up....don't think I can do the 1/2 marathon next month  
@Chipmunkartist good luck. i've got exams this week too 
It's cold and raining outside. What a way to start off the week. 
Supposed to be cooler here this week.  Not getting that relief though, not enough anyways... 
Probably no gym this week. 
@DTshaun sad  I need to watch the video sometime this week
@angimage movie this week? I miss you  lol
I've got another week of being behind deadline. 
Ughhh school today (&amp; this week)  At least I can look foward to a four day weekend..
Setting up meetings for all week.. 
@Local12 i'll try that, but it has been doing this since last week....   but thanks for the advice
it just figures that my last week off before I start the new job, it's forecasted to rain every single day   yuck
In this training from 8-5 all week  snore!!!!
I gained 4 lbs this week 
It is going to be hard to catch up in all my classes this week. 
Just came back from exercise. It seems I lost my stamina due to a week of inactivity. 
@RavenKStarr ~ There's no such thing as saving for me right now. I get paid once a month &amp; my check barely covers all of my bills 
@hypnotistchris Morning! Thanks for last weeks #followfriday - sadly, no new followers and no one has tweeted me for a whole week 
This whole week I've been drawing new material and redrawing old material for our game. There's still so much to do 
i need more podcasts  even with #platformbiased this week there wasn't enough. Recommendations?
sick. exams next week  have tooo study.
Just spotted two major fails in last week's CigStar article. 
.@ShaddyBabeBiTch yeah i think it was the first good day of the week, even though @MissxMarisa got stabbed &amp; is in hospital!!! 
getting ready for the big day. 7/06/09 my first spring triatlon. loosing weight a marchas forzadas, hurt my abductor yesterday... 
me no blogging until next week, my modem is crash 
@hochie71 still in my cave  give me...a week... i hate this!
I am preparing myself for what promises to be an emotionally challenging weekend. The first of three over the next couple of months. 
@delonm man, now you make me want to do the same... except I did that last week  sigh... lol will have to stick it out till 4
A week and two broken tent poles later and camping is over. 
Final web hit of the week over  I'll post a link to the video later this morning
@adiewoo I've had the same headache every day this week 
Last day at work for a week! I'm excited! To bad it's suppose to rain all weekend 
not too pleased with my paycheck....I needed it to be bigger this week 
Still trying to put together my paranormal news bulletin for the show tomorrow. Not much of spooky interest going on this past week 
TGIF! Its been a long (short) birthday week. Allergies still owning me 
give me a week to restart my heart.... 
what a rotten week 
@blaqbarbie09 it's been raining everyday this week actually. 
Indigestion all week. I never even used to know what that was! Officially old. 
great week for him to lose his phone 
@ArumAdhaningrum next week rum i'll tell you  I dunno why i took it, disuruh..
i think this is a record for me...a week since my last tweet..what's happening to me? 
@jennroo where you at giiiirl? sorry we haven't talked our usual! i've been drugged up and will stay drugged for maybe a week more? 
I can't wait for this week to be over.  Things are going from bad to worse 
has had enough...  roll on a new week!!! x
No estimate on repairs until next week 
this week is my deep clean the house week. my soldier will be gone. 
is working nights this week. 
this week needs to end with a happy ending.  sorry @MsHollyOlly3 i havent been replying..
Almost got into an accident just second after karma. Baaaad week 
@chrissayface aww it's my last week next week too &amp; if this were the end of the year I'd be feeling the same way!! 
Where did the week go? And no concrete plans for the weekend 
this week has put me through the ringer. is it over yet? 
@omgitsc00kies i've been behind for like a week now lol, i'm still making up assignments.my stupid eye is taking forever to heal 
ugh migranes  this week needs to end!
@livbambola wish i could  maybe next week!
This has been an amazing week don't want it to end! 
@godisvoid @alyze I wouldn't have been able to do it if I didn't have a birthday last week. 
@rebeccaaa year? I got our summer assignment yesterday  So long!
Going to sleep. Long day. And now I have to see a doc about my migraines. I've had 3 in 2 weeks, which I normally get only 1 or 2 a year. 
@scumm_boy I'm sorry  I'm thinking about you and hope the week gets better!
Tired. About to climb into bed and fall asleep. I hope this weekend will be fun... I only have a couple of weeks left 
Ugh our two week push to produce a six pack has produced nothing but pain! 
Shit week all fucking week  off to the gym now with the worst headache.
@fifitheconquero I was going to go to london for a week then had to change my ticket! I would have been there right now 
todays weigh in....  only lost 1/2 pound this week :o depressing 
well,only one week left of my holidays,sad sad 
Last quiz of the week. Now back to the grind 
@arlastouch nothing yet  still looking....but lets for sure do lunch next week!!
@majcher I have been run down all week, going to bed around 8:30 each night because of my allergies. It is miserable. 
I must have applied for about 20 jobs every day this week, why won't one of them contact me??? 
@unmarketing boo i'm a week late  how long u in town for?
sunniest week for ages....and exams 
@AlfieJG I don't think I am, my sisters refusn to get me a ticket now.  what you doing next week?
I'm going on an excursion this week, so I won't be twitting.... 
showed my fluids decreasing slightly. So doesn't look like she's letting me out of this bed anytime soon  I have a follow up U/S next week
@trashlee i can't today   after my little tanning sesh i got so much shit to do. next week for sure if your down
I can safely say I won't be a euro winner this week!! 
@0oze you always appear on the, like, 10 minutes a week I'm not here 
ugh, not sure i have the patience or remaining intelligence at this point in the day (week?) to refactor and rewrite this package of code 
no internet for a week or longer 
@nesitajai ur leaving me for a week  i know i dont see u everyday but i like the fact that ur in the same city as me
My tooth is bloody killing, not sure I can wait until next week to get it fixed 
I'm terrified about the surgery next week 
Weekend looks sloppy  Looking forward to a great week with great customers!
is not having a good day... I havent had a good week forreal!! 
Gees can this week get anymore horrible....now i cant go to spain 
the dates of the hockey games were confused they're next week 
Two week extension on contract ... I'm ready for it to be done 
My breath is weezy.  No more going to knotts when you've been sick all week.
@leprakhauns when you haven't had one in over a week! that was a really mean joke he just played on me! 
@O_Privillege yea next week not this week I have no sitter 
@sjeske at the shop getting the hail damage fixed. It was there for a week. 
@onlyJesus777 i was in a hospital for a week and a half pretty much on the virge of dying. 
I think I may have ruined a friendship this week by getting carried away 
@strawbleu Sounds like a useful tip, I most certainly need some stability after this week 
this has been a pretty shitty week. minus seeing @marktheescape. where is that muscle relaxer i need? 
dreading this weekend, every minute of it is me doing coursework i should of done during the week AND learning 2 pages of french speaking 
@WayneDaStar that's a mess  I'll look for it next week
@kidkierain yeah, that does sound a bit bad man... i got fucking exam week this week 
the happiest day of the week: when I finally finish a comic strip. must get over my mental block about doing what I love. 
getting up and fixing flat tyres first thing in the morning requires tons of motivation. havent been on the saddle for over a week 
I have to go a week without internet 
won't see my heart for another week 
@allyonthego damn you for babysitting! i have all this new for you that ill most likely forget a week from now 
@bourjieporgie I've been doing alot of wedding stuff this week.. so much protocol!  We will hang this week I promise!
This week was the worst in my life!!!! 
im going to sleep and to enjoy the weekend! because next week I have to study too much 
crazy how next week i have mon thru wednesday off, then averaging 10 hour days for the rest of the week 
I don't have any checks, and am pretty much fucked for a week 
im going to sleep and to enjoy the weekend, because next week I have to study too much 
im going to sleep and to enjoy the weekend, because next week I have to study too much 
damn tonight was just not meant for extreme bowling  *sighs* maybe next week will be bowling
no senior week for me 
has n't touched the piano for a week now  :-o http://plurk.com/p/x4c4l
I'm pretty sure I broke my nose  surfing last week 
@airazoc damn hard. got 2 lines in a week 
is sad about having to put her dog down this week. 
i cant do anything fun now that exams are next week 
Almost done with school!!!! Just remembered i have finals next week  There goes my weekend
a month has passed since i broke my pinky bone and will take 2 weeks to start rehab.. so long 
wants to enjoy the rest of vacation. almost 1 week left 
@kevinsoberg a week in advance, lol, no worries I'd preordered and paid already. But I missed his last 2 tours on it. 
@petegrillo Didn't come close to last week's chatroom experience 
is amazed at how many little cuts and bruises he's picked up in the last week, half of my fingers are refusing to work... 
@CllrTim I've had my lurgy all week and so far no respite even with beechams! 
@_anthonyjames Haha aww.. i havent been gym in like a week lol  big fail lol haha coool do you enjoy it? i'm moving to japan in july 
Revisin' again, i can;t see any fun in the next two or three weeks jus exams 
still looking for a new job afte being told twice this week..... 
@XLoubyX just so happens to be my last exam day - I'm so there! JLS were just 'jammin' in there last week - gutted!!  xx
I'm quite annoyed with my self I've not done any revision for a whole two weeks! I've got 4 tests next week as well! 
is going to spend the day catching up on this weeks britains got talent before tonights final, i missed it all 
@trips05 u abandoned me this week  no love for kitty...
@DontBeASkeptik naw it's actually decent out now, about 63 and sunny...last week was extra hot, since i can't say hot as **** 
where has this week gone??? 
packing my room is making me sad! i want to be out in the sun but i have toooo much to do  only a week to go...
Now i wait a week for the new part to come in 
studying all day long for exams next week 
got offered a job - but it's only one day a week     so so soooo broke
T's trip was just extended into next week. Uhhhhhhh, it sucks even worse now that we have two homes I can be alone in, I swear. 
The worst part about going on vacation is boarding the dog at the vet for a week. I feel bad every time we leave her there. 
Working. kinda pissed that my hours got cut for next week! 
@Piewacket1 gahhh got adobe sorted but he working away so wont be till late next week he will start 
I haven't got internet in all week 
@ffolliet yuk! @ crumble tears at clusters  its been a week since I had any
@discordia77 it will be a week late 
I'm working on getting my self healthy again .. I've been very sick for a week now 
Just picked up my month's worth of comics. Now i just have to resist reading them until the plane trip tomorrow. 
Finally starting to feel better &amp; managing pain.  Now I have to figure out how to survive finals in 1 week having missed a week of class 
Furious at the moment-it turns out my final exams are during the week of the cruise so I can't go!! I was looking forward to it to 
I hate having to pack up everything a week before I leave 
@patryklarney tell me about it. i just worked a 70 hour week.  i need some grass, a blanket and you and your guitar!
is missing my guy. I probably have to wait another week to see him 
going out is too much effort man  damn this week!!!
@jaybrannan had it been 4 weeks ago id have kept you company.  though I been working away this week an twice ate in a little pub alone 
Caydence is gone for the week. 
Something on my T.V is going on about a black out. All it reminds me of is the past week &amp; how much I loved it &lt;3 
@aniqa_x were like they won..so I got happy  I have loads of exams next week 
annoyed at the weather this past week 
Hoaahm morning tweets maybe i'll offline for a week 
Paper #1, 2 more after this one and a test all due this week...3 finals next monday and this is my bday week, how depressing! 
... and every time I'm left mega stressed cause I left everything 'til last minute. Like my bio report and ancient essay due this week 
@jaejaedynomite well I have 3 of them. And get calls from social services every week for more, most taken right from the hospital  so sad
@chrismiller38 but we won't have a computer for a week after tonight   
i sweat 3 times a week for my body, 6 times a week for my soul...  and they both still need work 
Man next week at work is going to suck. We're starting our summer hours then. 
@MakeUpByTierra  ok... we are going to get it in this week...  plus &amp; need to start shooting for my project...
less than a week till I go home... FINALS 
Classes are starting again in a week 
@DevinDTA yes it is. This coming week I will be internet deprived, unless I leave camping early or I can get the laptop to work there! 
Doesn't want the roomies to leave for over a week. I don't like being by myself. 
didn't win the lottery this week.    there's always hope....
@ddlovato i think i cried for a week straight for how sad the ending was ... 
last week of vacation 
is getting extremely nervous for this week...and feeling sick 
 no sleep for me... Y they always fight at club One every week... -_-
 This will be my last week in town for a while...
I hate prank calls. I've gotten 3 in less than a week 
I need to play tennis really badly. Haven't played in a week. 
@japhun next week will be the deadline week for all my modules, so kinda busy 
I finally did it. But I do so hate ruining someone's day. I guess that's just one more to add to this week. 
@churunga: I still have your gifts to send. I didn't want to send you my hamthrax  I'll get to that this week
@lynnesse I'm the lobster this week  
 half yearly exams this week!
@xeniph_b it's been almost a week since i've had even one  but i will fall aleep before 4 tonight. i will i will!
cramming in last minute revision for my 7 exams next week.. 
@alljust4u sadly not! final week of session... got about 1 and a half years left at uni... 
picking up the last things for my one week trip!! One week without internet... 
waw, exam weeks! g2g for a week!!! 
@JoshLoveMC lol it should be good, got my A levels this week 
I'm so sad.. Next week is a shit week because I have 8 exams, and I've just lost my agenda.  empty days..  I need something.. 
Home from prom meetings..have to go in all week  boo.
one week since a saw @jonasbrothers and @ddlovato  i hope they come back!
::sigh:: short staffed for the rest of the week. it's going to be hell. 
This is my last week of college, I feel I need another month to get all this work in 
ugh..last week of freedom 
been a boring weekend after a wonderful week! Such is life. 
@Applecored off out in a bit for more sun a next week will be a long and tedious week 
is shitscared by the prospect of having to pull through this week without falling sick 
revising  wish me luck for my tests next week!!!
had an awesome day yesterday. shitloads of hwk to do now and this whole week 
crampy.  I shouldnt' be crampy for another week or so 
hurting after a week. She believes she might have broken a couple of toes 
how come you just get in the swing of kids holidays as they end?? I want another week with my kids!!One week just wasnt enough 
offline. back again nxt week. 
@mileycyrus it won't let me votee! i've tried for a week now! &amp; a button doesn't show up for me to vote! 
@ricanpape I know babe. But he's talking about baptism and he just preached about that last week so everyone is squirming and bored 
pondering my trip to germany next week.. my knees still really bad. hard to move and painful, but if i dont go we loose some money.. 
@gwennie good for you on your run - i've been off running for a week with a cold 
@MartianJuddy ahhh don't remind me that we're only have one week holidays left 
My cable is going bye-bye today for the rest of the summer 
2 C7 members going overseas on the same week  I don't like saying goodbyes
i have been a social reject this half term,  but oh well, in a week or so i will have 7 weeks of going out, yippeeeee
Maybe the laundry could have waited another week... 
Man! This weekend went by real fast. All I did was eat. Next week is probably gonna be the most hectic one I've had since a year. 
 Just found out I don't get to hear from my soldier for another week!!!
I really don't want the third-graders to take the upper-secondary final examination next week 
I can't believe we go back to school tomorrow. The week has gone so quich and this weekend was wasted with drama 
So much stuff to do this week  finals kill.
@jemelehill its not, reali gave it away last week admitting he uefa aired two hours after they taped the show... or ur both fired soon 
@Orchidflower littleuns off on an outdoor adventure week  for me but wahay for her!
i dont want to go home, i want to spend the rest of my week with nal 
Why do weekends have to go so quickly yet the rest of the week usually drags 
@chrprincess I'm thankful 4 u boo! p.s. I haven't seen u in a week 
@falakk one of the eggs fell over last week - it was so sad 
@ybthis I hate biology. I can't remember half the stuff I have been cramming over the last week 
@LadyCouture48 Yes ma'am!!!!! I wanted to start working again this week but I'm not on the schedule 
15 days to go...last week of work 
@MsClovisEskimo now I don't know what to do for one of my dinners this week 
Trying to get caught up on everything from this past week. Wow, one busy week sure throws off the schedule. 
@casshorowitz good luck. I totally failed to impose similar regime here, so daughter faces AS philosophy after week of parties. 
@stephmccall same! I only have one afternoon exam this week though, so upset 
going to the last senior week event 
@GillyLiz it was mindu ive got to work all week now 
@adriwadr got none  borrow next week ? 
one day off this week was not enough  5 more days of work till the weekend. This is depressing!
Wishes it was dnd week 
@xxKEIGHLEYxx i gtg lacrosse .. i wont be on till like a week .. bye .. 
A 5 day week of physics  Only 4 more left!
@Shaantastic mmhmm  i have exams this week and my head is dying. so sad.
Scheduling out the month at work and my week. bad news becks.... 
@sandyra I know me too! Next week I'll see if I can get them all on one computer. 
the fact that the lady will be moving 10 hours away in a week just sunk in, and i dont like it one bit 
@EliteTravelGal haha. There aren't enough near me. I followed google maps 15 miles to one last week only to find out it has been closed 
@jrkgirlnla i'd love to have that chance! but i think my manager is going on vacation that week. only 3 in management including me.  if...
soo doesn't want to go through another week of classes. 
is up and back to work after a week off  bad times
is up earli  But on a plus side it is my last week off college 
morning! off to placement  i liked having a weeks break xx
I feel like I've got to do a million &amp; one impossible things this week...wish I was still in bed 
There are far too many Mondays in a week 
Last night of work b4 my weekend starts. Who wants to bet it rains all week just to spite me? 
@airwaves lol 10x.  It would take me a week of casual playing to get a 99 trans there.  
Finishing off a great and long weekend. Now time to sleep and wake up to a brand new long week of school *sigh* 
@BKoolmees dam you hehe i have 3 hours left  for the week anyway
Why is my dead week so busy 
@JustifY_MyselF halo..yes..the 1st week of the month..it's a meeting time...sometimes i feel there r too many meetings..but less action 
is sick, tired, and no where near finishing the 3 assessments due this week 
Just one more air break and the show is done for another week. 
i am so lame ihavent seen him in 7 hrs and miss him soo much! now i have to wait another week 
arrgh! 1 week of having a cold is really irritating... 
@Jonin60seconds  won't make that one bad week end for me as have plans already 
needs to actually start studying soon. exams are in a week now.. 
final for the rest of the week 
I don't want to learn for this and next week's exams  The weather is too nice!
damn it! not a good way to start the week.. 
After the nice weekend now a nice week of work. Home alone this week though 
blaaahh..this week is going to be busy...jury trials next week and I am gone  so...
lunch... largely unsatisfying... my appetite has grown so much after just one week of holiday... 
Starting my last week of 8th grade 
Every week I dread going back on Tuesdays 
woo think i just finished my assignment, now i have to start the other two due next week. 
just found out we don't have venturers this week  i was looking forward to ice skating. ah well, i'll organise it next term myself
@failingwords oh enjoy it!! I miss the hotness its been raining and raining all week now 
Last day of a 3 week paternity leave. 
And let the week begin 
@missrachilli No, we upgraded the battery but had to pay for it, plus it's pushed delivery back a week 
starting another work week. no word on the apps I put in last week 
Not even 9:30 am and I've already had tears of anger/frustration. It's going to be a long week 
A week behind in on projects due to the flu 
A week behind on projects due to the flu 
so doggone tired...and it doesn't look like we'll have a break this week 
I must have found that emo chip I was missing last week 
i feel so ill and ive got exams for the rest of the week 
Doing homework that should have been done over the week end the off to chem class for 2 hours 
@amyanxiety ok. most of my dayts off this week i will be in hartlepool thou so it will be hard 
happy sweet 100 @adamcurry @therealdvorak , don't leave me hanging for a week again! 
Not having a good day, fear week will get even worse 
i'm so tired  and this week i'll have exams.. A LOT!
One other thing, don't you just love math! NOT!. got two sessions this week 
@ultracarl Of course next week has to be finals week at school, so I couldn't go even if I wanted to... 
Hey everyone! I'm feeling sick.. i'm feeling like this for about one week  it's so uncool!
i had a great vacation last week. no it's back 2 work 
Starting the week hurting from headache to broken toe  I need a vacay!
really bored- go tests all week 
I'm NOT looking forward to the triple digits the weatherman has forcasted for us later on this week! 
another week of zombie infection?  I want sunlight!
I have no news about my leg  can't wait til next week for pt to start!!!!
gosh.. can't go out this week  gatta study all week.. this week is ganna be crazy!
having a seriously off day  I'm going to accredit it to stress and hope this week doesn't suck as much as I anticipate
the worst part of not having a car this week especially is missing the status on wednesday 
Needs sun!  Not above 65 all week?  
i love the sun!wish i wasnt working all week 
So apparently being gobs for 2 weeks means that I have a test everyday this week 
soo .. roberts leaving in a week ad a half ad I dont want him to 
@cmoo92 i had to duke out $875 to fix a bent strut last week 
@carverm04 we better do a wednesday or thursday this week!!.....I almost didnt make it last week 
surfing the web...depression has set in since I have to go back to work next week! 
SO much fun trying to track down my dentist &amp; get referral for specialist. he takes 3-day weekends every week 
@Kavem4n but there is no endurance run this week 
 2 more weeks of classes and 1 week of exam blockk then HOLIDAYS!!! holland and then on to australia x
sick...can't breathe. exams start in a week, and i'm scared 
last week of lectures so relieved! but now i have 2 start studying 
@clarekin YOU are right!!!! But he didn't wait for this reply! hounddogs twice this week 
@keepmenear ive had a really really rough week, ive been working on a huge project and its really stressing me out 
@Darkspyder86 only 2 more episodes after this week 
I'm really afraid of my math final. I'll be studying my brains out this and next week. 
not a fan of the rest of this week. 
Finals allll week  studying, then sleeping.
Has so much to do this week and I want to get my hair dyed 
@jonguerrero That sucks...  Next week we should do the driving range!
@twannyy ahhh i knowww! this is getting ridiculous. it shouldn't be allowed for us to spend more than a week apart 
will not be KablaMing tonight;  I will next week though.
by the end of the week i'll look like a zombie... i will sleep just a couple of hours everyday 
i feel like being lazy for the rest of the week..haha. But, i have too much to do 
@reedsandstrings they said 2-3 days... it better be, because I'm only home this week. 
I'm going to start revision tonight; lots of tests next week 
one more week to enjoy parties.. next week i'll be busy again  no more parties for me anymore
Finals this week 
No joy at the doctors, still the middle of next week.Just got to keep trying maybe i'll get lucky 
@OneRedSock I think we're due one as well - guaranteed it'll be later in the week when the weather's gone to ruin 
only one week holidays 
one more week before school.. one more week before limited online hours.. 
@lcstranslations ouch .. that means that next week i wont be able to tweet??? 
I love my 2 day week! Pity next week us a 3 day one 
Not getting much done this week since I've been called for jury duty 
There will be no more life after this week. 
Going on week two of being sick. Seriously not happy. 
hasn't slept thru the night for a couple of weeks now. I'm sooo tired!! 
just been stood up ... and the date i had last week just emailed to say he's not really that interested.  sad face 
i'm getting 4 shots this week 
@GratianB her charger is crashed -.-' and she has to wate one week 
working a double  i so need a better staff.  six more interviews this week
@tommcfly guessing it sounds rather nice over there then haha? todays weather been rather cold compared to the rest of this week  !
Slightly and entirely irrationally freaked out a bit by the transatlantic plane crash this week. Possibly because I am on one next week. 
will get to spend some time with @lvnkeith who is working all week and doing a craft show about 3 hours away this weekend   we hustle
honestly im so exhausted  what a genius idea to have me work by myself for 10 hours on the busiest week of the month. aholes. 1 more hour.
@samandfuzzy I don't blame you... it's not supposed to rain until sometime next week. 
Still studying, ugh I love when teachers give tests during the last week before finals. I have 5 tomorrow,  20 days till demi though! 
have been feeling real sick all day, testing all week  biology eoc tomorrow.
@kisma awe I won't be here next week! 
been feeling sick for almost a week  wtf is wrong with me?
Just getting to bed&lt;3 stressful week. 15 more days til i leave!&lt;333 so excited i can't even speak! Literally. i lost my voice  night.
@xoxojanine It's so frustrating &amp; weird, because this past week I haven't followed anybody (except y-day), but my number keeps rising... 
My bestfriend moves in one week... One fucking week 
@octoberz_snow11 wish i could but no. i've to study to this week fr next week seminar ..i'll give her a call - this is the least i can do 
@octoberz_snow11 wish i could but no. i've to study this weekend fr next week seminar ..i'll give her a call - this is the least i can do 
@camilliyan @kaaleiyah 2 more class meetings and I'm done too! Yaaaaay! I only have a week off though. 
I'm having insanely shitty luck with technology this week. Now my monitor may be dead 
@rabbivj  middle of my week  least its the downhill run from here
.. so many visitors this week, not getting much paint down at all 
@Jonasbrothers Yes, I cant wait too.. but..  I'm still on my exam week. T.T
@German_girl16 maybe i'll be online next week..i'm really sorry best.. 
@Exzylen It is the worst. The absolute worst. I have exams next week!! Trying to get an extension 
@OhShitbees ahhhh shitballs x] i know i'm all sad too  i hadno way of getting the 60 euro by this week :|
I can't believe I'm still peeling from the sun burn a week and a half ago  at least it doesn't hurt anymore.
I don't know what to do with myself now that the world series is over! I have watched every pitch for the last week and a half 
@BetterThanMe yeah, after the two weeks back next week 
work six days a week, 2 down 4 to go 
ughhhh this is the longest week of my life! i wish it was friday 
This is the worst part of the week, ive got 3 and half hours of doing bugger all 
middle of thw week and i actually have to work now 
@koukoumomo I'm hungry. When do you finish unis so we can get food  ? This week? Next week?
can't go sailing for the week  working and a trade delegation on monday
@tommcfly look you say &quot;answear it's nothing&quot; but if you will answer me it's will do my day my week even my year! so plzzz  x
I'm still feeling exhausted in the morning everyday now. I guess I really will have to start going to bed earlier in the week 
Oh how I will miss watching loose women next week 
@daybreak1012 I wish a week off would fix mine, but unfortunately I know that's not the case. 
Of course my only day off this week and it's cloudy 
argh capped, I am reduced to a drip feed for the next week 
@laurenwells i know... i also know that we still have not done anything and ill be gone the rest of the week  next week?
@stelzii same here. I feel so tired already.. and it's just the first week of classes! 
@IamJadedBeauty well hopefully it will clear up later maybe... I'm sorry you have a cold! I haven't been feeling well myself this week 
almost done with the worst week of the summer semester...paper due 2nite 
@matisyahu http://twitpic.com/6jcat - I'm sad I won't be able to see you next week. 
fixed her bike,just wished there was more time to ride it this week!The big race is next week &amp; after that the bike goes back to the shop 
@BinaryOffbeat dude. necesito mandar my birth certificate back to miami and have them legalize it! so next week i'll turn in papers. 
@Dannymcfly Your lucky, you just have to talk. I have to revise, revise and revise because I have my GCSEs in about a week. 
Nine airports in a week  - http://bkite.com/08ayV : 38.953381, -77.447712
Tomarrow is the last week day of masters 
@KimoneJ i went to bed late earlier this week and my sleep schedule hasn't been right since.  how about you?
this week has been such a stress, and the weekends only going to be worse   @druinreallife i anticipate sunday dores session
typical, its been very hot all week when i'm at work. now its 30 mins into the weekend and we are having a storm 
We will do our best to get coupons out this week, last week's mailing was delayed slightly 
@bebrilliantgo I can fix it for you, I promise, don't tear it out.... but I won't be up there for a week and a half 
@BrittD20 haha, I've had a very slow week, spent my days at the gym and with friends. I'm in for a busy weekend though 
yayy last day of classes! Then finals next week 
I really really need to make a video so bad! I havent made one in a week! 
i knew i shoulda got the flight last week. it went up! 
I'm sad that I only have a little over a week left on my vacation! 
@oatylime i was in the city all week too...only i brought all t-shirts  good thing you're prepared!
it seems i'm always a little bitter the first week of the month...sorry  i promise to have positivity drip from my fingertips starting now
In concessions all week. Hopefully i can get back on track with my drawers. I don't like not being even. 
nooo my friend mehreen is leaving in like two week and i really dont want her to go 
@jennettemccurdy luckyy! i still have exams all this month  wish me luck??? xD
worked 58 hours this week. saw my baby for 1 
@kanoodling I wish I had two Saturdays this week 
Man I just ate so much  put on all the weight I lost in the past week again...let's hope the scales go down by the morning 
My week vacation is coming to an end reallyyyy soon! 
I am frustrated with comcast one step forward 2 steps back...waited over a week for a call back from a manager... 
@AJBeltran3 i cant i got grounded  next week i think..hope!
with my new 32 hours a week work schedule. i will only have $38 a month after paying all my bills, and putting gas into my car. 
Finally spoke to rob after a whole week of no phone calls. Just 2 weeks to wait to actually see him now 
Off to tutor... Another 7 day working week for me..  I need a break soon!!!
One more week of there hell like treatments! 
i'm slowly growing broke again until next week's paycheck 
Really pissed that I still have finals next week &amp; that I won't be able to be an extra in @ddlovato's new video. So close yet so far. 
...not.  i miss her i went to her house this week and we went to the besch 
syndey tonight! only 1 week left in oz 
misses school   what to do for a week's vacation? :-?
@AndraeRaMone  I KNOW!!! How come I didn't get a shoutout??? I gave u one last week... 
Going 2 bed hoping 2 have the energy 2 run 2morrow, I missed all week 
@snowbabies no babies, first lot were robbed from nest by a crow  observed female collecting nesting last week. so should be sitting now
Making big, scary decisions regarding my comic this week. 
@tromboneforhire i havent been on the zune marketplace in a week or so  but i need too! =]
and I though I could rest during my week end... but now, i have to babysit my niece all day long, I'll sleep next week 
resting while texting! What a rainy week 
@krismorris don't you just hate it when that happens  At least you have sun, it's raining here after a lovely sunny week
@miiiiiiiiiiiini  i know im a bad friend. twice this week. but not so easy. of course will let u know.
Finals next week 
@FrankieTheSats i'm seeing take that next week, i was hoping for you to be supporting that day but your not 
home after a very productive day because of this stupid weather  No pay again this week lets hope next week is much better!
@AnG_CaKe i dont have a choice man. there'll be no dancing fo another week and a half 
no goodmorning call  this week is going to kill me! i wish it would speed by 8)
moving day... this week has been so hard on so many levels. help. 
@jennagoldman i was for this week but im headed to atl today  ill be back in a month.. you?
hide and seek sandpit later this month that I can actually make and they aren't ticketing it 
Oh man. can't believe it's been a week since the best day EVER.   
My back muscles are killing me. It's supposed to rain every day for a week - no bike 
@jellybabynet yeah, some professional photographer. we all had to sign a consent form last week. missed the session with C though. 
@astridcallista i think i can only come at july - suddenly got noticed of a string of events to cover this month, its insane over here 
@KWhitey boooooo i miss you  see you next week? xxx
@mysteryman I've series linked it. Only going to see one episode per week. 
a week of antibiotics 
@bashsash fridayyy!  so so weird. what about you my love? when are you out this week?
goodmorning. my busy week ended! now it's another week. I just woke up because people like to call me late and talk about life problems. 
@countryvicar Just about out the door. Yes next week's one's a 65th - which I thought was odd. But they all seem to *love* them. 
@ashhleyx3 lmaoo, i knoww right  but next weeek!
Soooooooooo booorrreeddd!!.... got no summer plan for the rest of the month... 
I only work 2 times next week 
can't be dealing with a week of this right now!! 
I can't believe the difference a week has made to the weather, last week I was soaking up the sun, this week we have thunder/lightning 
sick a week before my b-day and also i have to study science... excellent ! 
I miss SO much my best friend. Why isn't she talking to me for about a week now ? What's the problem.  !!!
anyone ever divided &amp; frozen egg beaters? do you think it would work? i can never use them up in a week after opening 
@justinphillip no, i have another week and a day. then regents and finals start 
Wants this week to be over.  A-levels. (N)
Still recovering from a week long cold.  Aaaaaaaggggghhh....  I hate being sick! 
moving is like a vacation but at the end of the week you want to go home but you can't 
one more chapter of this stupid macroeconomics then i'm caught up...until next week  so many chapterssssss
@iloveWTCC4life yep i know! this week was the easy subjects! next week is the hard ones! 
How come its nice all week then when I finally get a day off it rains 
Last couple of days in my beautiful house which i am going to miss sooooo much!  I wont be here for like a week so i will say my last good
its been a week without internet  danggg how long tilll i get it back?!!
feels queasy- been fighting this all week, i think its finally going to take over  
Trying to decide whether to give up on this week away. Just know as soon as we do the sun will come out. 
Why is it suppose to rain everyday next week?!? 
@adeline_sky lol. if only i could take a week off 
oh no.last day of my holidays today. school again tomorrow. nooooo. and then like 6 weeks till my summer holidays  such a long time  no.
@BossLadiToya Thats whatsup! I tried to check it out last week sometime, but my computer wouldn't let me hear it...that saddened me 
@hellokeena horoscopes hate me this week. 
Now I'm the one wishing I was playing #dnd. I missed four games this week because @mikemearls and some other folks were on vacation. 
homework from last week 
2 weeks  but our last week we don't do anything reallyhaha. are you out already? @lolapoptart
@mrdopeflow henny hurts in the morning LOL... I had to buy a new iPhone a month ago cause I dropped it in my cup of henny 
 wtf @ this whole week 
Overslept and just missed another outing to the hills for the 5th week in a row  what's wrong with me...
Its been a week and I'm already craving a break. 
@TinainMelbourne it was awesome all last week, highs of 27 then it got all rainy and chilly pfft 
leave next week 
Ugh. My grandparents aren't able to come up here next week. 
sooo sleepy. first night I have felt completely relaxed in like....2 months. except for the pounding head 
@ateatree I live in the busy dimension  I'll try to drop in more this week.
one week left and then ill be --&gt; 
hate this week so much! 
@venustong i love you man is so so soooooo good i saw it like a month ago haha! i'd come with you if i lived up there  miss you girl!!
morning tweeps.. i am hybernating.... exams are starting this week... i have to 
@firebird06 like a week or week and a half ago 
Why do the weekends go so fast and the working week goes soooo slow!!! Why can't it be the other way??? 
I'm attending a funeral later.. I wish this is not true. R.I.P buddy, we will miss you sooooo much. I was just talkin' to you last week! 
@fiofo I know! I was hoping they'd do another little podcast message like they did after the first week, but they didn't 
and this week we have the valentines daaay!! aww, romantic week, wish he was here so he could make a cake for me 
@scratchdiskcr trying to avoid working on weekends, but definitely cant escape this week 
Grounded through the week. Not allowed to use the comp. 
Wants arma2 this weekend. Not in like 2 weeks 
@hazy_undercover ...that's  btw, you going to Toycon next week?
friday and last night was good, and now im really tired   4 days off school this week sweeetttttttttttttttt  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@moustaki another week without u  italy 4 notube? have fun. lucky devil 
@JAMILInRealLife I **hate** waking up that early... but six days a week, I have no choice 
I guess I have been twitterific enough this last week- I lost a few #followers- bummer.     
can't believe i'm getting ill the week i have most exams 
seeing my best friends todaay,but it isn't the same like it was last week 
I don't handle stress well. This next week is going to be way too looooong and not too fun 
Has waved goodbye to her gorgeous man. I'll have to wait a whole week to see him again. 
What to do for the last week of summer *hopefully*. I want my allowance already. 
@heyBECCA There was one in my basement last week too; i have yet to venture down there 
construction every single day this week, including the weekend. No sleep for me  Should have gone to TO.
@bubsxgreen So do I.  we should totally plan a day this week or something.
@mark_s_taylor Indeed! (I know I'm a week late answering you; I neglected my @ list this past week...  )
lacking mental and physical energy. it's been quite an exhausting week 
Just finished grocery shopping. That bill seems to increase each week 
dreading the week stuck in a tent!  stupid scouts
sleepy and tired, but tough reality is awaiting for her this week. 
@Rocker384 Mondays are my least favorite days of the week 
@ChiWhi I was last week &amp; lowkey felt bad 
My stomach hurts  Off to beddie byes I go... I can has normal week this week plskthxbai.
my brudder, m and i working different slots next week  who else can i make up lomance lomance stories of ah bengs (at the arcade) with?
@christeez6 aawww! I can't believe I already missed you guys  I was so hoping to catch up while you were down. Where has the week gone?!
@420thoughts have a week left before our summer break starts out here 
@sparksthetoby I need a big high quality picture of you guys I'll let you sign on next week. but I can't find a big enough one 
why does it have to rain again all week!  blerg balls
@erinkunger. where are you going? you not having internet for a week sounds like we're not going to have band pracice for a week. 
@ccrichton I had one until a week ago, then a pigeon took a dump on it... I had to throw it out. 
@theonetruebix Still too early in morning for me, not thinking straight.  Could be all those loaded bases we left loaded this week too.
@ZeroxBox  ugh im jealous. i had a 3 day weekend next week but it got taken away from me since i have to go to a funeral  so much to do!!
away from computer for a week 
@JusJoz spock died of pneumonia early last week 
@hownat last week of july. yes, i am stressing this far in advance because it really has that much content. 
Plugging my alarm clock in after over a week off = 
back from working. I am so dead tired, but not in the way that I need sleep. I hope I can hold out all this week 
Last bear sleepover for a week. 
@FionaMassie when i said speak to you in a week, i thought i was joking lol. but it has actually almost been week!  sad times
My parents are going away next week 
@WisSmokeFan no rules next week, rules are pointless, and made it no fun, thanks for being part of the one week experiment, sorry 
1 week without being on the bike... 
No one will be in town this week, not sure what I'm going to do. 
*sniffle no house painting this week. Painters had bad weather and equipment failure so they are a week behind schedual 
@EvilNanny I have had this migraine for over a week and it is getting to me!!! I have tried everything that usually works and nothing!! 
 summer semesters... they go twice as fast... and with the limited class meets per week you have a higher chance of tests on the same day.
@jasohill what?!?  well there is no accounting for taste...I should go see it again soon, will probably be gone by next week... 
two days in a row, how much are we going to bet i wont hear from him for a week 
wow one more week left of school. finals are this week &gt;.&lt; then two regents to take 
@YogaChicky thanks.    we have a weird week coming...funeral AND a wedding...
On my last full week of school. Next week: Exams! 
@LynniMegginson I've been nabbed 12 times in the past week 
@Wyldphire no...  remember we had my night of long time no see a week ago.
Only work two days this week lets see how this feels 
is sleeping early, breakfast and some readings for tomorrow  on a brighter note, last two weeks of summer A ... http://plurk.com/p/z704v
@trvsbrkr @markhoppus @tomdelonge curse not getting paid for a week i was forced to get lawn seats to sit forever away 
Terribly, terribly sick. Probably won't be able to complete some finals. What a week to get sick. 
phone is off till later this week....  
excited about homeschooling my son in the fall... really tired from a long weekend... back to work tomorrow after a week off sick... 
Trying to write my goals for this week - not usually this hard 
i don't know what happened. but ever since the last week of may...something changed about you.  :| :
math at 8:30 am, 4 days a week this summer 
Reluctantly going to sleep - don't want to be any closer to waking up to another rainy week ahead 
 i hope twittertees arrive this week before thursday!! 
I forgot to hug her and say goodbye. I feel horrible because I won't see her for a whole week 
@caffedbolla I was thinking about it... but I don't have my big folder with me, remember?!  Next week it is.
Saying goodbye to the week vacation 
I hate being sick. I have to work all week and weekend. Pluse im home alone all week 
@simplyrecipes The worst part is that I've not been getting email for a week.  
@scorpiolady1 ive not been feeling well that past week so not really enjoyed it, its peeing it down here 2day  xx
Having a headache,on the very first day of the week 
last week of classes... i thought i just got here 
A new week...with an exam  and my birthday!! 
Three more days of school - short week and short days!  Bad news - two finals every day. 
I just drank tea without eating and now I feel sick too  This has not been my week.
got far ahead of day &amp; week by starting @ 05:30 - dental visit looming so that will bring me back to earth with a bump 
@eliza No flat  the landlord wanted a twelve week deposit!
feel like i need to sleep for a week! 
@amykate I had my initial win come through within a few days and have had 2/3 runners up now and not received in like a week... 
another busy week 
@VIVELELANCE ah well....I did venture out on bike for 2.5hrs last week...but ankle suffered, so resting again 
Just sent big man to camp for the week 
back to the lab i go, hi ho!!! oh boy, it's going to be a looooong week. 
This has been the worst week ever... I just want 2 stay in bed and never get up 
Hates Mondays - it is nearly finished but still a long week to go 
good morning , just making breakfast and have my class 2night , trying 2 lose 11 pounds  hope i can do it in a month !
@TheJohnMorrison  I hope all is well.Be careful. i hope we can talk this week. I really need to be happy even if its for a little bit 
My manager told me we're short on staff, so I may not get the extra week of leave I want. 
I'm turning to a full time shopaholic now. last weeks expenses was 200, and I just started off e 1st day of e week with another 100. 
@DarkLadyWolf I am still alive! good to find you! i've been meaning to text - been thinking bout it for a week! so busy  calm down soon.xo
is goin into her last week of gym 
there's no end or beginning to the week, working 7 days every week gets old 
is back on schedule...no more playing tour guide in my new hometown  was a fun, but exhausting week!
I have 2 catch a later bus  I almost burst n2 tears. Its been nearly a week since I've seen my babies. I just want 2 go home. very sad
I didnt go to work because I was too tired  but I did pick up a shift later this week so I'll be fine
just made it in to work...so glad its nice outside now, its supposed to rain the rest of the week 
Feels sick but has to go to work. I need a week off 
Its going to be a rainy week again... 
@RoxanneZYG i feel your pain.  happened to me with my combed top this week.  
@xxferretgirlxx I'm having one right now.. but it's only a week and it already feels like it's over 
I left my freezer open yesterday  there goes my shopping for the week.
...had a niiiice/relaxing weekend...now back to the work week. 
wow what a way to start the week 
@joanjin 2 weeks time  the 4th week i wont be ard, going hongkong^^
A nightmare is not a good way to start the week 
just dropped off my hubby  won't see him for another week... get'n ready for a beautiful day...
first week of summer and I already feel sick... 
TV during the week is boring 
@flirtbuttons let me know how you do on cafehandmade! i had a booth last week and i got like 2 clicks!! 
writing poemss haha last week of school, cannot wait til this weekend, then its time to look for a job and wisdom teeth surgery 
Classes tomorrow! Totally wish they could extend our summer for another week. Not happening. 
@sophieLJ urghhhh this weeks gonna be sh*ttier than last week  you wna get fish and chips tomo?
waether has been really good all week and because i am going college it is really raining. 
weather has been really good all week and because i am going college it is really raining. 
@LocksleyMusic truncated-- good word ... I'm still severely disappointed that I'll be missing not one, but TWO locksley shows this week 
how come this summer there has been a whole week of rain but not a whole week of sunny? and practically every day it rains. 
I am totally beat. I am not ready for this week.  ! maybe pride wasn't such a good idea. Although it was fun!
@juliemweaver camp  see you in a week!
doctors appt. 1st of the week. have many more to go. 
not feelingg well and regents all this week...smhh 
is really worried she's getting sick  This is a horrible week to do that!
@tomqbui Totally would love to, but it's training week... blackout dates for me. 
I wish my braces got tightened more often. One week after my teeth stop moving, and I have to wait 5 weeks to get it done again? 
@ErickaAndersen  ugh my sympathies.  i'll be there next week 
is twitter down for maintenance every week? 
can't believe i am being forced to watch two week's notice. So it's come to this 
no practice this week 
@ChalkBored yes well thats also awesome - we have had one round this year all ready - we had 1 week of being well in between 
ugh i'm bored jakes gone all week so i'm not entertained... 
Studing  tests all week long! I don't think I'll survive
@LAOCfoodie matt's going in about a week and a half with the boys. i hope he doesnt get pwn3d 
I hate being sick. But at least it's this week and not next week, when I've gotta actually be at work.  @nevieb SO JEALOUS!!
@mermaidcharms  opps sorry... well they are all gone now.. well bagged up for lunches this week... I know I cant eat any 
I really need to go out and have fun  like no joke been stuck in this house for like one week I dont think I can hold it for one more week
this sucks ill be happy when summer classes are done 2exams this week means no partying this week 
@musicon1110 that's nice! once a week... haven't been there for three years... 
Another week of being stuck with myself 
@BlondeRosalie getting ready for bed. overtime this week 
No plans for like a week 
@hollyjcurtis well since my job is seemingly trying to break me an pav up!(won't work) it's only once a week one nighters for a few weeks 
ive got an insane week ahead of me 
@DavidArchie At least you have it, I was on vacation last week and they said there would be internet and then there wasnt.    lol
presentacion tomorrow! two weeks, one paper, three finals, last month in bsas 
So, guess what?  I MAY be goin on a road trip later this week.  i wont know til tomorrow.  but it would mean at least a week w/o twitter. 
Is trying not to feel lame - but this is not the week to over do it 
@fliightlessbird yeahh even if it wasnt cancelled i couldnt go  next week! wait what you say bout me about your hair?
writing a speech  can't wait for this week to be over!
I'm feeling sick the first night of camp, not a good way to start out the week 
why do i always manage to get ill during my exam week?  got fever, headache sore throat and loads more  i shouldn't stress so much 
@awesomenessjen  unfortunately not. But we really should've been on lock down last week!
Praying for the people around me - surrounded by so much sadness and pain this week.. 
About to do homework  We got so much this week!!!
Cash Cash are having free acoustic shows this week, nowhere near me  But I can't wait to see them when they come here 
@bryanboy wow- i send out all the packages like a week ago 
got bag flu this week 
@xmeganreneex i can't wait to finish school this week so i can finally play!  i got it like 2 weeks ago and i haven't gotten the chance 
want this week to be over already  stupid fmp
Working again... and i'm in a bad mood ... haven't heard from my friend for more than a week and I'm really worried what's wrong 
Next week is my last week working at the university. I'm in a meeting right now. This makes me sad. What am I doing here? 
@lilyroseallen I quit my job this week &amp; can be on a plane in an hour. But don't suppose randoms are welcome 
only a week now until Twesta #2 - I was having anxiety dreams about it last night  #leicestertwesta #twesta
I'm at home all week due to twisting my knee at weekend. I can barely walk 
I think I'm now into my 7th week of @virginmedia internet problems. 
can it be friday yet? one more week as a records manager 
Home all day studying  can't wait until this week is over
I miss holidays! 2 tests this week! 
port-a-pottys suck, have to use them all week 
I am so in need of a holiday. No days off for another month though 
The only time this week I tried to play WoW and it's down for maintenance all night.  #WoW
every week just &lt;3 atashinchi no danshi AND osamu more &amp; more. next week last ep! 
@joienesque I knowwwww   I don't even have to see you guys every single day. I'll be okay with once every week or something.
I think the world has it out for me!  The week is going to be continuously rainy!  No golf for me this week!  I think I need to move!
So, I'm finally back at work, but it'll be a short week this week, too!  Only 3 more days to go.  Wish I was still at the beach 
have 5 bow headbands for everyday of the week.  &amp;shopping just now- was super stressful. 
I'm ready for it to be 430. working 6 days a week during the summer is not my idea of fun.  anything going on tonight?
I have had a headache for a week and a day! 
it has been more than a week since i saw @princessbess    this is epic fail.
@heybaibai i have an appointment tomorrow in brandon at 9:15  hopefully we can figure something out next week this week isn't good for me.
@amykate I've got to wait in for a plumber - so I can't - sorry  I will try to next week... #rdgsalsa
I am really ill..x  And i hve missed 2 days of skl...  I hve exams nxt week and i need to revise..x
@MegClifff i havnt seen you in a weeek girll! 
is about to get some rest... I have a long week ahead of me so I might as well get some rest while I can...  lol
No car for a week. 
@rumparooz I missed the  #clothdiapers chat too  Hopefully next week. Mondays are always super busy for me.
And another dead turtle...  this one lasted a week and a half...
I'm exhausted from last week ... I need vacation 
mid-week bluesy  lsadness
it's official... my phone has been sent away  hopefully it'll be back in a week
@TiernanDouieb And not even a tube strike to blame this week 
@webstl Arrgghh, thought they were, sure they were on clashfinder last week but can't find anything on official site now  oh well
dropped my damned phone. you probably won't hear from me all week. 
I get depressed once other week. The government keeps taking my money. This week I looked at my paycheck early. 
@ErinJanus you are so lucky! Ours is next week! 
@lovexmonsters Same here.  I've just been so stressed out and busy this week that I want to relax and have a bunch of drinks. 
@marysidney78 yeah for this week next week it changes im still in training 3- midnight 
ordered the film valkerie a week ago...still hasnt come 
PRINCE2 course completed last week, passed stage 1 but have to wait 4-6 weeks for the stage 2 results 
it's a problem when my #gtd weekly review takes more than a week to do, like a daily backup that takes 25 hours 
@isabelle_1 get sum gym in 4 me 2 ..won't be back until next week 
@Alexmcelroy I know. It seems like I'm being sodomized by many companies this week, though. 
@herbstsonne I get called sweet a least twice a week 
going to do nothing again this week... *sigh* 
So, I didn't lose 5 lbs.  They were just hiding for a week... 
bummed b/c hubby won't take me to vegas with him next week 
no morning rush podcast this week?!  
@_micahlyn I am dying! I didn't watch last week's episode yet. 
so excited that Tranformers 2 is almost out... super disappointed that I cant go to the screening next week! 
not looking forward to the rest of the week  i need the beach!
it better get cooler this week 
So I cant do anything for like a week. 
@canadiangir2112 - I missed it. It's been a crazy week. We won tho right? - We're still third in the standings tho 
@Sarahnator83 are u getting sick??  u can't be sick this week!!
can't go for service this week 
1 done, one to go ... in a week and a half  why must I have such a bad exam timetable? 
week  so thank you so much!  now i get to stay in pain for another week
@pcsketch too many deadlines right now, and meetings scheduled.. and court through the rest of the week 
has a good feeling for the holidays!!!.. what a disappointing week 
tinter net if back on in the flat, but i have to say it's been a nice month without having to check emails. hundreds to sort now though 
I wish I had plans this week 
Is seriously not looking forward to her surgery next week at all 
This is turning out to be a long week can't wait until its over 
@Dichenlachman is it twitteriffic? I've been having troubles with it all week. It's so not &quot;riffic&quot;. 
;-; I have to work 5 days a week now because someone got fired. I hope it will be worth it though. I like my day offs. 
@warriorgrrl unfortunately not, i'm in menorca for the next week with @builtbydave.. shame to miss you guys 
just had to say goodbye to my phone for over a week, i hope it gets better 
half way through my last week in forfas 
My day is full and it's only 7am. Looks like this week won't be a good one for workouts or tweeting. 
@chrisleben next week  did you get my email?
;exus73 he isnt feeling well this week  I believe its his asthma
no weight loss this week  still exercising and trying to eat right though. still, 10 pounds down is not bad for 2 months.
I need to get up at half 5 next week.  Hopefully it will only be the first few days though.
@babygirlparis I wish you would leave me a reply, it would make my day. I still have 3 weeks to my summer veaction  and ends july 26th 
@whitty316 no ghostbusters till next week! 
@pimparella one more week to wait for an answer 
@nlcast After this weekend. I got some audio from my stand-up comedy last week, and content for more episodes. Just too busy before. 
So tired  opening four days a week and closing twice really starts to wear on you
The markets are very brutal this week. I see nothing but red blood in my portfolio. 
CT trip cancelled  for now anyway, not that bad I guess. Probably the best for now, will see what next week holds!
@risabatt no sun in the us OR europe this week 
came back from the doctor no contacts for a week 
If I have one more stressful day this week I may just break down crying right here at work  Its only 10 and its the worst day this week
@princessragdoll mine finishes this week.. 
7 weeks of 'morning' sickness hopefully only 2 left. Could be in hospital over weekend 
what a hard week, I need a clone 
It's been one week already.. and there are no replies 
I'm sick of having asian food I've had it for 2 week straight. 
@wanbaclone sorry to hear that!  i had a day like that last week.  
have to take a week off riding and any physical activity for this stupid surgery. 
Working away, it's going to be another long end of the week...and 25 more days!!! 
Just had to buy a new hamster... haven't been able to find the other one in over a week 
clearing things out of my room     1 more week till the big move
what a lonnnng week and it's only wednesday   ....apps tonight @ crabbies with the girls
Probably the first be last nice day of the week  outside with my best!
my work life is just broken, in my last 3 weeks before leave, sick for 1 week, email broken for 1 week, NOW vpn needs a manual fix  
Ironically, I currently have about 2 grams of faith in myself.  I wrote that post last week.
@capii it hasn't been letting me log in all week  it says something about how my accounts only good in the us store
@thisisjaymie I've been way too busy for my site this week  It makes me feel really guilty when I look at the visitor count and lack of...
i'm sad. big cat diary is almost over! i'm pretty sure animal planet is broadcasting the final season this week 
@babilou a week. ever since the tinted windows concert! 
tired, i have such a busy week. 
I've been so lazy the past week or so!  ... Just woke up from a long nap!
Headed back to work for a very very long week. 
ugh, ugh, ugh. having some doubts. have to write a paper. this has been a bad week for classwork. 
my neck isnt healing all too well... im so senstive. its only been a week so hopefully it gets better 
I don't know what to do! I really wanna quit, but maybe I'll make next week my last week...maybe...*sighs*  How'd I get myself into this?
AND THEN, some of my other friends are taking off to europe next week 
I don't like being sick   I also don't like final papers, and I have both this week *sigh*
ugh...i haven't been shopping in over a week, i feel so left out on fashion 
annoyed that the headache she had for a week and a half is back...only 1 day of relief is not enough 
is going to be broke this fortnight for not working last fortnight 
@giddypig seriously?  you'll probably get it in a week, my phone's been all ragey
@DogBountyHunter Scrappers, I keep missing this.    *goes to my corner now*  I'll watch it next week though if I don't forget.  
SooOOOoooOOOoo sick of summer session classes.... I can't wait for them to end!!! One- done on friday, the other- 3 weeks left 
Long day at work... It's been like that all week, and possibly for the rest of the summer. 
I can't get my Horeur shirt until next week.  I really hope they're not sold out by then!
wow.. it's raining everyday next week.. 
fuccck looks like concession all week 
i want to go to the townsville show next week 
@brainpecking I missed the ticket order cutoff, it was last week. 
this is like the never ending week. and never ending rain.  no me gusta.
So it seems I'm not the only one whose storm isn't working. Looks like i'll be without berry for about a week soon 
@Lhriangel I've just finished exams but now I have a teaching prac all week next week... one of the unforeseen circumstances 
@finkies the rest of the week 
As a result I am runnin late. I have been early all week and at the end of the week my record is tarnished. 
@maddlepaddle i hate this week a lot too. 1. i havent seen you. 2. im sick 
On stage in a few week 
week-long visit with my parents going well &amp; flying by ... wishing the weather was better 
@dmlizzy and he wants me to help out 2 weeks in july. i will get paid to do it but that means that you can only come for a week 
@logtar 3 langs, if we don't count klingon ;) but yes, I did a similar question a week ago with zero results 
throat is hurting  hope i dont get sick this week
so jealous of tripp lakes. camp starts in a week, and i wish i could go 
I need a month long vacation from everything...I really really do...some stress I'm not dealing with that's compounding... 
I really need to go to the store! I have been really lazy this week, but I am soooo tired. 
@netmeg your day sounds like my week for the most part 
I've been feeling sick (no, I don't have a cough or cold) all week. 
my shoulder has been aching for a week &amp; a half now.. what's wrong with me?? 
@somnath4life: you would think so! but i only work once a week and it's pretty much my only income 
I don't know how I'm going to survive next week alone 
my legs are officially dead from training this week  x
Thinking next week is going to be dentistry suicide... 
doctor says i have a gastrocnemius muscle tear. NO half marathon next week. physical therapy stat. SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD day... 
just looked at schedule for next week...where did all my hours go 
@CHRISDJMOYLES chris i need motivation from you...after a week off i struggled to run 3 miles...not happy 
@obie Aww man. I'll be up there the week before that. 
need more painkillers ... hope the doc can fix this next week 
just got done with my last workout for the week!! yayy 3 days off then monday again 
@marcorbito the message on their answering machine said closed all week due to emergency repairs 
@MarshMash gosh  we're writing everyday and now we won't write for about one week :'(
back from the doctors office, have to go back next week for more tests... 
hopes the weekend will be better than this week! 
just so u no, after tonight i am free and will be doing all updates but next week i will be on vacation and only updating certain games. 
I cannot believe it's going to take me until next week to get my loan. 
2 story rejections this week now. 
per week going to the grandparents  to be boring :-D
Just found out a coworker of mine has a high chance of passing away this week from cancer.  I never even knew he had cancer. So sad 
My schedule is about to stress me out. Next month doesnt look the greatest either. 
stuck on the same task for almost a week now....... feeling helpless 
@moomoo_ sorrrrry I'm letting down the team  I'll do it all next week !!
Just found out that I won't be able to get my nose pierced 'til next week 
@brinalovesjoe Thanks! I don't think I'll ever see them again, i get this feeling next month won't work out 
who knew that going to practice after not swimming for a whole week would be so hard?  
I lost my car and I haven't driven it in like a week. where did I put it? 
@photoshoot_me yeah he has a great portfolio... that's how it's done I guess. I shot doctors for a medical brochure this week... 
@MISSQUI about a week ago. cut the hell out of it  lol
Is going to rehearsal! I won't go all next week though  i'll be at blt
@jessestrada yes, we need our date! It's my fault - this week has drained every ounce of energy.  Next week! #awesomehr
podcast issues. tis not a good week 
@KidsActivewear bummer it's this week- I'm photographing twins next week who were born today 
I'm thinking my dog is not happy to be home from his week-long play date. He's all mopey now.  
Going for a run, it's been over a week since the last one 
I think this week is going slow because there is no hockey to look forward to 
says so much of misfortune this week...  http://plurk.com/p/120t28
Is at work so tired! 6 days a week aint no joke 
I expected to much out of this week and i got nothing much out of it.  fuck.
interesting day..sad the week is almost over 
This week has been extremely long and painful + I'm on overnight call on sat 
goodnight i will be gone for a week  (tear)
assignment week 
One more week for graduation it so sad to watch things go by so fast and know were all seperating 
@manuelruizjr i think it was two weeks ago, cause i didn't get to watch last week's 
Starting to rain near #seattle now...  a full week of dry weather, gone. 
@yooriyoori @robotgoboom my siblings and cousin just left after a week of visiting. Its too quiet now and I miss them so much 
I want to play by the river!  less than a week and then i'm free! Haha
&lt;3 you and miss you even tho u leavin me 4 a week.....  
damn! just realized it was last weeks  chapter...no manga this week 
@shelliwazzu stomach flu  It last like a week
i thought next week was my ONE week of summer off, but i just got an e-mail saying i need to be at interviews for the new res life guy. 
@OfficialAS -virtual hugs- you can laugh at me next week 
i'm not doing anything anymore. really dreading this weekend, next week and every day that i shall be spending in this country 
has ended an exhausting and mentally draining week...   
Not done any miniature painting all week - poor effort. 
@youngkimmie That's twice this week you've got my name wrong  x
preparing plans for a hectic travel schedule next week.. sigh 
I applied for it and they said I was the only one applying. Apparently someone else applied last week. And he/she got the internship!  .
@IvoHunink me and waiting...I usually buy the first one that looks good...then after one week I realize I made the wrong choice 
I'm sooooooo tired  but only this free and a lesson to go! Then i'm done for the week x
trying to get used to feeling shitty all the time again. rough night. rough week. rough month. ugh. 
i want to do more training, 3 hours in the week is way too short 
Eyestrain, n.  The subjective experience of sorting through some 500 emails from earlier in the week.  
@bklynbeauty04 have we given any thought to pushing the date back/forward a week?  the show can't go on without me 
Morning tweople!!!!! Just clocked in for some people's last day of the week....rotation has me on schedule 2mrw......suckz for me 
I have a meeting in a far far, distant distant place so I have to drive!  That is twice this week.  I need less responsibilities in life!
I haven't been able to watch TV the past week  And now it's the weekend I still have lot to do.
wow this week hates me or something..not having a good day again 
@corb_. so skyyed. @PRessKJ showed him 2 me last week! - I'm still reeling from that crafted (&amp; hyphenated) last name. 
rubbish. I have a boring weekend ahead of me. I have no money a week before payday. 
haven't checked, but bound to be better than last week @MsPonita i have bed-ridden child, so weather is irrelevant to me 
@philclogo no worries. Its raining, hailing, thunderstorming.....no summer league this week. 
Trying to come out of the clutches of a week long flu 
@ScholasticLooks  that's what got me last week. stupid allergies.
No letter yet this week... Usually it's come by now. 
got my hair done but not the highlights  hopefully next week i wil x
@Hooded payday for me is not until a week on tuesday! 
@taazkareem no iphone 4 me 2day  next week i will be up in their
Getting prepared to spend an entire week alone 
@TVFanUK not a money week for me  x
i love it when a whole week goes by and nothing goes right in the lab 
@Ghostboy2112 cause i hardly did anything the week before and now...here i am stressed out 
@Brantanamo totally wish i was there but couldn't as got too many other gigs this week! 
@marxiey lol i realized....the market's rally was crusH]\ed this week 
@marxiey lol i realized....the market's rally was crusH]\ed this week 
@marxiey lol i realized....the market's rally was crusH]\ed this week 
@hayles - I bought shoes this week too :-/ no more new shoes until 2010 for me 
@marxiey  lol i realized....the market's rally was crushed this week 
So turns out i don't have a dime to my name all weekend AND all next week. Not sure how this going to work out  ?
@OfficeStylist Have fun with it! I didn't order mine until a couple of days ago so probably won't get it for another week. 
@erinjcruz crutches?? oh nooooo hopefully it is the 1 week and not the three  what a brutal way to start summer 
so wet and gloomy this week 
Really sad art camp is over.   drama camp next week.  Should i be happy?...from what i hear...nooo.
@blakelytuten I have plans already  how about next week???
 There's a leak in the fish tank after all. It's a slow leak so it should hold till next week I hope.
has a sprained ankle  nationals next week!
@lonemat  poor you. I am mainly tired, it's been a long week
ugh this has been the worst week ever!  i need to rejuvenate replenish and reenergize myself 
@schmittsimon don't feel bad. I bought my 16 gig a month before they announced the new ones 
@lovelamps just as hot as ever got to chat with him for a while...but now won't be back at that store for a week 
is mad at SteandKel I thought they posted another new video it's the one i saw last week! 
Finally headsed home for the weekend and wishing I could insert 2 more days into this week. 
This is the worst week ever. so hot, not feeling good  and i've been super busy all week and now weekend.. whoa give me a break!
I really need help on this week's biotechnology homework. After last week, this is depressing. But it's so confusing! I'm going to fail. 
@alliewaffles yeah we released them to the duck pond about a week ago 
first week of classes just ended! wohoo! tireedd 
Lol i miss my dog, she's away 4 a week and i'm so sad 
weaksauce. this was the lamest week ever.  darn sick.
TGIF!!  What a long week.  I don't want to study!!   You are waaaay ahead of me.  I hate A&amp;P!!  I can't wait to start clinicals!
I already don't like the increasing cost of gas...  $80+ to fill up this week already!!! 
@astro_mike i checked my mail this week too  i must have missed it
My work week was so busy. I really missed my crafty evenings this week.   Its so good for soul!
@chansearrington Ahh well... The timezones  Looking forward to it the next week..
just the first week of classes, and its hell already.  toxic toxic!
weekend's kinda short this week. 
@musicmeganx  and I have work 5 days a week
@arinewman i hear that  just got a flip last week.
My ear is sore.    Of course if hurts a week after i get it pierced.
@nobodylkl Just a really bad week in general, so I'm going home at the end of next week to calm down hopefully 
@kelseyree32288 very cool. Haha I miss you lots, sorry I'm so slow getting you dates to play, hectic week  but I love u!!!
Just getting ready for skating, been training every day this week 
last week of holiday 
1 page done to satisfaction. 419 to go    (target is 9 though for this week)
i hope we could spend the holiday together. i miss you. it's been a week since the last day we met 
come on, someone must need a bed today. had a terrible week, and all on the back of a great one last week 
@simoneicough did you have surgery? i just go to the chiropractor once a week 
I wish it was one week in the future...hello I NEED a holiday 
@OllieStow I almost wrote a letter of complaint to the council this week! We must be getting old! 
@nicolalalalala hellooooo I would but as i'm going to #glasto next week I'm seriously short of cash so can't really afford it I'm afraid 
Last week end before exams 
I'm sick and my doctor advice me of a two week rest. I totally hate this virus. 
packing up all my possessions ready to move next week, not a nice job  exciting for the new flat though, yay!!
packing up all my possessions ready to move next week, not a nice job  excited for the new flat though, yay!!
I'm really annoyed. I had a goal to be completed in week 1, but now it's coming into week 4 and I haven't met that goal 
i miss senior week!  I miss getting drunk by the beach and meeting strangers... ...next year. hopefully.
@ireckon @HeathMcA  bloody maggot umpires we nearly had it. At least there's next week #swans
Ahhh, i hate goodbyes  amazing week
man, i want to change my loudtwitter to post only once a week, but they don't have that option 
@lisibo out O2 shop no stock till next week 
Only one week left with the chimpies!!! 
Oh I see sorry @dianetrinh  .. On the up side only one week til I see you!
@bjshea sick nooooo...week of replays 
Doesn't want to go to court this week or ever for that matter!  http://myloc.me/4FqD
i had the best week of my life. i'm sad it's over. and i miss my girls. 
Cancer week is drawing to a close. 
no spoilersa bout transformers please!! I won't see it for over a week 
Just remembered the deadline I had for a paper this week! I've lost my mind 
on leave for a week, great! But, have been the victim of fraudulent activity. A great start to my week...not 
Exams next week 
hey jfk needs to hang out! itll be just kf this week  miss the J!
Helping mommy pack and get ready for camp!!! She is leaving me for a week  I miss her
@hypnoticzexy shut up  the poor paper has hit 2 to many roo's this past month, not aiming for a third
This heat is awful. Supposed to be in the upper 90s, low 100s all week. 
so my boyfriend is gone to church camp and i cant talk to him for a week. it also means that hes missing our 9 month anniversary.  
2 papers down! 1 more to go! (and that's just this week  )
Finaly saw the doctor, news not good   we'll find out more next week i'll update
I am about to graduate college in 1 week. Why do I feel so sick and not excited? 
i think i am getting depressed.....i don't want to leave my baby for a week and a half. 
@troymonaco she was booked  i want her for an event. lets speak after next week. crazy week coming up
i am not looking forward to a 7:30 am class four days a week this summer 
The only downside to the whole night is that my camera is broken  A week before I go on holiday too! I'm hoping it can be mended quickly
After a week I'm leaving a very strong flu   but now I feel better 
@buba808 hahahahha can we go next week? I cannot go cuz I no more babysitter 
@ginabinawina wow that is great! i want to be fit like i once was again too!  i used to work out for an hour 5 days a week, now nothing!
exactly one week till Cky concert, then afterwards nothing to look forward too.... 
@h3ykrys10 I know, that's why I shelled out.  They stopped letting me cash in the 2-week free membership things 
Luckyyy. I only have one more week of school, but then i only get 2 weeks off  I want longerrr!
really needs to get his emotions together for the upcoming week 
Is headed back home and very tired and emotionally exhausted. Its been a difficult week  hoping next week is looking up
@sarahlknapp If I ever see him again I'd get one! He has been awol all week. 
I've got a rash on my arm from all the gardening last week. 
Saying goodbye to my store this week is not gonna be easy 
i am so very much going to miss @_ihaveissues while she is gone for over a week 
low 20's for almost this whole week 
hoping 5 week rescue kitten makes it to 6 weeks  
Spending the weekend getting as much of next week's work done as possible - I'll be without a computer all next week 
Working every day next week  sigh.
man, so much for any trails in the state being dry enough to ride in the next week 
A week without my jeep.. 
sigh...one more day until another week of chemm 
Too much day today, after too much week this week. Why do I let things get over-scheduled? The rest of the month is just as bad. 
Has had so many realizations this week. And everyone of them is killing me. We've been broken up a month now.  and I can't accept it.
i think i have a sleeping problem seeing as i havent been able to sleep for a week 
@flashingpirate get a good nights rest...after a week like this week, there's no telling what next week entails...  buenos noches
total letdown: 3A's &amp; 3C's. i lost it the last week. 
Trying to focus on some reading, can't maintain concentration.  I think I'm going to struggle this week.
Revision day  last 4 exams this week kidddds. (Y) x
@shamhardy Torrenting it right now but it would take me a week+ to hav everything &amp; I don't hav the patience to wait that long. 
@mtydeman and I are missing penguin research tonight thanks to very upset stomachs. It's really not been my week. 
@melwiggins mashbury got broken into- took all our gear  it's been a bad week!
can't believe our trip is halfway over and I have to go back to work next week 
@stormbuster here it is the same - those mosquitos have bitten me everywhere last week 
A week is a long time to wait...gahh why is my mum so gay 
got such a bad cough  been going on for like a week and a half!! 
is going to spend less from next week onwards 
Hopes this week of camp will be better than the last.    I miss you!
has a very packed week with dancing and teaching... and its watching week ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
@rachelelizabeth my summer is going well.  The office has been so boring the past couple of weeks, it makes me miss you too 
@emjaystar I know  I will punish my liver next week to teach myself a lesson.
i am so hungover  spent so much money last night this week is going to be a pure struggle....note to self must stop drinking lol
@swallowsadness also, i was going to start swimming this week but i can't for two weeks after my laser eye surgery. failll. 
@MarineGoya one week ago.. i miss them so much it is so hard..  im listening turn right! (l)
is going to camp for a week with no cellphone and no computer...1 month tomorrow... 
its been a long busy week. tired much. 
this time last week i was getting excited to see jb.  i can't believe it was almost a week ago. i don't like this. rewind?
is thinking it's a lovely day.... is feeling pretty much better and is ready for summer! just one week of fashion show in the way 
@DrJavaBeans I think he heard us. I haven't heard him call a dish sexy all week 
Has no social life due to working all week and last 
Both of our favorite houses on the market have sold within one week of us checking them out. 
being up @ 10 is nor.mal 4 me. ive woken up @ 6:45 all last week for camp 
in 2 hours, it will officially be a week before school reopens  hope swine flu gets real bad that hols will be extended for another week x
I'm leaving today for mission trip and I'll be back in a week....no computers there so no contact with anyone 
@taylorswift13 have a good day and a good week any maybe this week i will have a better week and forget about my ipod being stolen 
On my way to the university for a whole week 
Looks like it will be getting the 100s this week. 
Three tracks to write to.. bunch to record... next week its all work, no play for one month... 
no money till next week...if only i was jewish 
ahh.. I wish I had one more week to do all that study stuff.. 
@funaki still at the 100's for me.. looongg way to go!  need to tweet 200 times a week for a month to reach your level! ;)
@artzybrothers we only had one meeting last week maybe next week is the terror week ( rumor is that we'll have classes even on weekends 
Tanning by the pool..trying to forget  the fact that we have to redo the episode and there will be no show this week 
just over a week... diferents worlds separate us now 
@austenleathers wish i could be there  ill see you in a week or so though 
feel sad for my upcoming week 
One week of boy scout camp coming up in about 2 hours 
has to go to sleep and dream. last week of holiday is starting from now on 
Pops is gone for the week now 
i officially have a cold on the worst week possible to have one. I am not imagining it, bad luck IS attracted to me 
@abblesauce you just go @redfraggle with the @ sign and she sees it to, just talked to @redfraggle on the phn she can't do this week 
i think i strained my ankle a week or so ago, it's bugging the crap out of me. and next week is a week of hiking in the woods 
last week @ parlor. 
4 wks of physical therapy, 3x per week w/ $30 co-pay per visit. I can't afford this. 
my assistant is only on day 1 of a 2 week holiday - i miss her already 
Going back to the doctor so he can check up on me, since i had a fever last week. 
Last episode of 901210 next week and i will be on an airoplane i am sad 
 i don't think i'll be able to wear my hair extensions all week i don't have enough time to put them on really busy week
Mathhhhhhh in 2 weeks  1 week of math 
@itakepeektures at least for a week.i'm very sick of blocking followers,it annoys me so much!  xx
and another week goes by with no Skethflow release 
still one week to finish  my short film  then i graduate ! yahoo !!
has finished her exams! can't believe the relief i..&amp; knowing you're already in winter semester (week4) &amp; have an essay due in 3 days 
test everyday this week wish me luck hopefully i will make it 
I really need to start playing guitar again :/ woooooo this week I haven't player for about3 weeks 
i still dont get why he wont talk to me. we were cool just a week ago?  blah, this week has started out sucky!
Probably no playing this week 
I`m feeling like I can draw 3 molys in one week, but I know I shouldn`t on this thing til I pass my exam two weeks later... 
My chin pimple is having the best week ever 
i have 2 going away parties this week!  going to miss both of them 
@natashaw1 You're not having a goo week at all! 
@omgkeyana friggin better.sometimes private texts aren't enough. And the wtf at having to wait like a week for my jeans to come in stock! 
@Zehavit_Lamasu I know. I had hoped they would put a note in the order I got from them last week...  But, nothing. 
feeling grumpy that I've had to take work home with me this week of all weeks 
@meganhilton he gave us extra last week when u were I'll we have to do the rest  but you can probe get away with it
@meganhilton he gave us extra last week when u were I'll we have to do the rest  but you can probs get away with it
absolutely shattered and off to bed! working 7 days a week and 2 jobs is beggining to take its toll!  xxx
fcck. i qotta do this five times a week 
@clegg48 I'm having another bad week. That's 3 in a row. 
@PaperCakes cool! what kind? i'm getting a new camera too but it won't be here till next week. 
I just realized my bass rental has less than a week left on it. 
working on my new class stuff.....having a frustrating week. 
It's our last week at junior high (hahaha,,i sound so american) this week 
@pipercarter wish i could make it   I have a previous commitment  this evening.. next week..
woo slowly recovering from her illness! still it has taken over a week!  bad times
@DanielBrydon I'm having my first and last crown beginning next week, fitted the week after. all due to a bloody filling coming out 
@kevinjason i didnt know u were on vacay next week! Awww, i'mma miss being on vacay with u by a week!  MsLika
@samanthaaliz the health and fitness center in voorhees, its closed all week 
has work for the rest of the week, and nothing entertaining to get him through it. 
I want this week to end badly so I can watch Transformers 2! 
I'm moving in a week but I haven't started packing anything yet. Really not up for it 
@fearling73 No, our week is split up weird, so it adds up to 40. It's all wonky. Sucks. 
had a great week so far bus misses abby so much 
going to bed now! but im so stressed i have alot of stuff to worry about this week! 
@jonlow sometime next week. Hopefully I don't get quarantined on the way back to kl... 
loving the new tat but hating no pool for a week 
@LorrainesLife watch out for the rusty chain - my 2 week old chain wasn't happy when i didn't clean it 
Late work submission on the first week! I'm miserable 
@evanhamilton I wish I were you = having sleep issues this week 
Just woke up and now know the rest of my week is going to be shot 
@jeremyeooo i am given one week to learn it cuz its my last lesson this sun 
not motivated to work  last day in the office this week
@goatlady wish i could afford to buy them now! but alas, i'm brokez till next week 
I hate asthma when you have no medecine for at least a week or more. I want to breath. 
One of these days I might make an entire week without being totally fucked over by a TV scheduler somewhere. Not this week, though. 
have been vomiting and feeling sick all week. i'm so fed up, i just want to feel better 
So the only sunny days this week, I work 
ugh, took my second tongue piercing out this morning  i have to let it heal for 3 weeks and then get it redone because it was so crooked
in the past week ive hardly tweeted, i feel like somethings missing 
checking my mails - almost 44 of them since I went offline a week ago 
...My body is feeling neglected, I haven't worked out in over a week!  
1pm: page 23   Realised I'd forgotten what I studied last week.
@immin it goes alrite, just been for a swim, must go to work later  have an interview next week. so life isn't all that exciting, haha, u?
@darryl1974 I just forgot to buy the newspaper that week so missed it 
festival place is even more crappy after this week 
I've got one more week to enjoy before college. DANNGG 
next week is going to be suckish at swim. no1 will be there. 
is going to miss @stevemoakler and @jebholmes this week 
I remember freaking out on hearing a few of my frnds didn't hav television at their place. And I'm surviving without one since a week now 
ahhh i so hope my teacher calls tmr and tell me next week is an extended holiday!! though the hopes are dim 
Headachhhhe  im guessing the only plans I've had all week are going to be canceled... Fabulous.
is feeling rather sad about being one child down for the week! 
@amoutos Just preparing for trial to begin at 1400...I'm still exhausted from earlier in the week   I hope we don't go late tonight...
lets called it : restless week. 
starting summer class next week ugh not excited 
@TMoney_Sculls you should go down another week.... so i can come. ive never been to wildwood 
My spring break= watching moviess all day everyday for a week 
@mayhemstudios Yes, using it for 3 week now. Pretty happy with the result 
can't wait for ball season to start in 3 weeks!  Getting my ball equipment home this week 
@ilovespots Thank you  I hope the boys wear them this week!
this week starts - on tuesday... 
@jjchicken You've done better than me. I gave up on the readings and watching the news in week four. 
Another day of gaming lies ahead. I love having a week off 
I'm preparing to detox next wednesday, so more on fruits and veggies for me this week till next week 
@intelligensia And a following four day week 
@Mumsontop I am I promise  just getting though the week- will catch up just after easter? 
@gtvone good!! this week is a sort one 
....I have a non-stop week...and I like it 
I lost another 5 pounds last week.   Only 30 more to go! :\
Hour 12 of flex week. Only 28 more to go 
@benbergantino next week when we take lots of pictures, you should change your pic to you and I 
last day of classes for me this week!  
aah so out of the loop with literally everything, been holed up for the past week revising  stressful times
@seanFsmith i suppose http://www.isitsaturday.net/ could be improved by telling us the actual day of the week 
@ae6rt by working a three-day week. 
@xoxotracy when are you free? I'm on spring break this week. 
had a change of plans...at least I get to enjoy my week off!! 
@kmaco214 Making hot cocoa now because of you.(you're getting me back for that reeses thing last week are'nt you) 
Just finished 3 auditions this week! And all 3 went very well  But i'm insane exhausted, but indeed ready for party 
@Hapson so true  I've been foreced to cut down to 1 a week finding it hard  but ive done a week hope your steak is nice 
Here @ the barber waiting for my cut. This is my favorite part of the week! 
more rest ready for next week 
mock the week tiem 
#earthday is next week! 
The rehearsals are for a play I'm in next week! I wanted to try it out before I graduated 
@mileycyrus I get my license in a week  haha! I'm so exciteddd
in this whole week, ive seen 3 actors/actres' in my village 
@amberchildress That's a great idea to do the week before my furlough.  
@SBeeCreations Congrats! It's a neat feeling, isn't it? I hit 100 sometime last week and I did a little happy dance 
@sylvainsf working on my bsdcan talk. you should come over sometime in the next week, i could use someone to practice it on. 
@LimeIce i told yoooo... and i asked you for ur number as well  but pictures comminup this week 
Getting ready for next week, we're going to play armys in the woods! 
@wizardgold I've been told I must decamp to other end of house for next week's night session so as not to disturb hubby, not a problem  
is preparing next week's sked for the entire bureau, except me. I'll be on leave. 
is looking forward to the turn out of events this week.  http://plurk.com/p/ozd42
 I've managed to lose around 9lbs in just a week.
@coy0te haha I know.  I mean for sometime soon, not this week 
just realized a huge fn exam i thought was tomorrow is actually next week. phewww now there's even more time to procrastinate 
@Natazz__ i'm doing one week at south tyneside art studios then one week at the college  what did you do?
Preparing for a week full of business 
Preparing for a week full of business 
Nothing at all! I'm so happy i have the week off! 
@wicklekell we play spurs I think next week maybe that's why he rested them, I know we play city too in a few weeks 
last week of classes! 
One more week and I'm orf to japan  I think I could use the change of scenery.
is still not into twittering a lot yet. but is sure she will in the coming week 
OOOHH @yorkshirecancer 68,0000 records in a database will have to pop in this week to show you it all 
a new week, new software is waiting to be tested 
just booked my graze boxes for this week 
@yijieee Next weeek okayy!!!! I book you 
@tracymacy  I hope everything goes well at your meeting next week. I'm sure it will! 
@mimimyne that's fantastic!! What a wondeful way to start your week, well done 
@lomara It should be a good panel, they should all be happy to see each other again after a couple month's break. 
@SmileColleen It is a change for the better. We'll talk this week 
@xxneonninjaxx @xxASHLEYY my arms, and my F5 button are tiredddd  started at like 3k ended at 10k. # 1 for us again this week :]
is back of annual leave and has got a very busy diary this week!  Just off out on a client visit 
you ana lets make this whole week amazing . Not just for your birthDAY. But a BirthWEEK 
Getting ready for a new week...hope it goes fast...I could use a nap now 
is not ready for another week of this.. But is so glad to go to work and not wonder if her car will start!! 
not on call at all this week 
@Gailporter Thats the spirit hon, have a fantastically brilliant day/week/rest of year 
's goin' to the studio for a week 
back the the box for the week 
@tylerosby The weatherman said it is going to hit 89 this week sometime. Being a redhead means that I will be retreating indoors 
had a *fabulous* weekend &amp; is ready 2 face the week. 
@THEDIAMONDCOACH packing started last week.  the real packing starts this afternoon!
good morning! crazy week ahead... trying not to slap anyone at 8:44a.m. staying motivated and positive! 
back to work for another fun week 
this morning, despite all efforts, was no different from the past two weeks. i'm going back to bedd 
last week of classes 
is down 7 pounds from last week!  http://plurk.com/p/p6xac
So last week I revamped my wedding photography brochure, I think this week it's time to do the portrait photography one  Thoughts?
Last week of classes  
wahoo!  paper for week 4 is done.  one more individual paper for week 5 and team paper for week 6 and then life will be great! 
@flimgeeks Same here! Next week will be the start of a whole different ball game. In the meantime, am happy to re-watch this week's ep 
@AgendaOfGrace Hopefully I can make it out to study this week! I am going to try 
@leawoodward Much better so far - fingers crossed the rest of the week is equally uneventful 
@davenavarro6767 ur hood next week ... excited 
*happiness* I just realized I have not taken any form of sleep aid in the last week. And I keep waking up at about 8-9 am instead of noon 
@cheezo I knw  Actually managers were on leave for whole of last week... so lots of parties in last week n now lot of chocolates 
@ngneil it was a silly fantasy anyway.    I saw him in concert last week.
Massage was good... lot less painful than last week 
@PaulSaade Hopefully  I'll be planning stuff as soon as I start next week.
is thinking of creative ways to take vodka in next week 
@tdrury The week before that it was even funnier, or was that just cus we were drinking cider? 
@morganpressel I've packed worse than that for a 1 week trip...for two people, so, two sets of clubs 
@madeleineannie got the plane tickets last week  xo
next 2 weeks: 3 10 pg. papers due, 2 4 pg. papers, and 2 final exams--&gt; summer time 
@Caraandclo  im sure i will. x   im gettin them purple vans i showed u, next week =D
FINALLY!!! i get 2 watch some ****** shippuuden w/ some mozzerrela stix. Gezz one whole week. 
http://twitpic.com/4epsc - I can put one in your mailbox in a week or two. 
Looking forward to the prospect of defacing my body yet again next week! Also excited for my authentic curry tonight! 
@JennMcIntosh damn straight, totally agreeing with you...martini's any night of the week, especially your way 
Couldn't wait until next week. Here is the new e.session  http://bit.ly/dHKIf
@MarcoSuarez I would love a free breakfast  want to go sometime this week?
112 miles done, 21 hour training week done, massive food eating in progress 
@braxiatel - haha don't worry i wont!  you continue your twice a week tweets :p
relaxing after a busy fashion week. 
swans played a great game this week! i hope they win next week aswell. well done guys! 
@jeffparks Not too bad. I have high hopes for the week ahead 
A nice weekend spent in the sun  The coming week and meetings may be a life changing event.
Just did some shopping. Hopefully this will be a good week 
@ronocheareyes It's only for a week -- I hope.  And then I might be on the ops floor after then. I'm so excited!
can't wait for this weeek 
@twitchinggrey I won't be back to my computer until tonight. We have to pick a time this week, methinks. 
all new music coming this week   Yeahhhhhhhhhh!!!
Hopefully, I'll be better when I get my new phone next week!  
@monabarry I should be yeah...can see I'll be online quite a bit during my week off, lol 
next week will be awesome. 2 partys i think  but i need a present for each...
@mumusunshine15 i stole her towel because she poured cold wtr on me last week.  lol
This week will be a great! 1.5 should be finished recording in the next few days, and imma have some cool company this week. 
@heritagesoftail It would.   No, actually the kid I teach didn't come this week.
@ftfaust  That' the game plan   After being out a week, I think teachers will just be happy to have me in the building!
@Davidarchie i saw it like a week ago, and your acting improved  you were hilarious!
@crittyjoy I will.   I hope to have a chance to read it this week!
star testing this week 
i can call myself dumb now.  i just spent a day bbqing, when i was suppose to be studying for 12 tests this week. i have a.d.d, serious. 
Working on my labels!!  Have to hit it hard this week 
last real week of apush!  and a half day wednesday 
I'm making the video that will announce the winners of my giveaway now. I'll upload it later this week 
to tired to write out all our bills tonight, maybe we will win a lottery this week 
@aville20 no I have not but I will seriously look into it... @rimabean will have to go look when I go to b&amp;n this week, thanks 
@FUCKCITY we all do  good luck getting tatooed next week
Just hung out with my great grandma. Might hang out with her twice a week now. 
just finished 1 of 4 papers due this week. faboosh. life right now = hell. but im soooo happy my boo visited me 
In better news: Last week of classes before finals! 
looking forward to a week of sunshine 
Would really like to buy death note 1 &amp; 2 later this week  I loved those movies!
@Aquilaquail Lol - I could have written that - would be good to have 2 Mondays this week, then I might catch up x 
Really this time. G'night. I have my new song of the week in the morning! 
well that rowing machine has paid off this week as i've lost 3lbs this week 
Finally in my bed, &amp; I must say, I had quite an evening. I'm ready to tackle this work week &amp; see what next weekend has in store for me 
@DaveWares working, my 4-day weekend is over, aah well another one coming in 2 weeks 
had an eventful weekend and nice week off, looking forward to a final chill out day 
@JanSimpson good afternoon, hope you have a great week 
getting my phone back this week  yeeeewww
Mondays best excited about the week!! 
YAY!  A bright and shiny new week to play with 
Off the road this week 
A new week = new legend to make. 
Little one's cast is taking a beating. It is starting to show some wear and tear and it has been on less than a week. She is too active! 
It's the start of a new week with tons of new photos to take and edit  Yay!!
wishes it wasn't a bank holiday so he could be on the radio this afternoon... but at least he has another week to come up with some ideas 
It's teacher appreciation week - been out making deliveries to instructors this morning 
@KeytaJ yes'ma... for an after party too after the show next week. 
@dexterlo feel better!   c's been teething all week &amp; its been rough...
@misterperturbed You saw that fraktastic zoidberg painting that was tweeted around last week or so, didn't you? 
@lightgood thank you  You too! I hope this turns out to be a top week for you. 
@DamienCripps if hobo and i come next week, we're buying you all a drink. 
excited to see my cousins this week. 
I am excited to be home  finally a week and a weekend with people i know
@joooo The rest of the week is less than 2.5 hours long 
aw 82 - 90. only 8 points &amp; we kicked 4 behinds to their 18 .. we're getting better and better each week! 
our south style exhibition is on in less than a week  member fresh gallery otara!
Up early so washed and waxed the car. I'm sure the neighbours think I'm mad, I wash it nearly every week. 
@givemestrength bloody Feds, they lost last statement and r hounding me for another one. I dodged them one last week 
@jokalew A fair reward for the 6/5 days cooking she does the rest of the week! 
ive listen to a song 274 times since last week 
is off to germany some point this week, need to find a flight 
@mmartensson Thanks, I won't  I foresee a few late nights in the coming week ...
@TNSmusic got the package!  be in touch this week 
love that song!! let the week begin!! 
@ElovesJK The hoops sound fun!  We'll see if I make it to the mall this week 
busy week. can't wait for prom 
it's monday again.. another week, another struggle.. can't wait for the weekend.  hopefully a more productive week ahead of me 
Dance Production this week. YAY! 
@andrewhamer chipotle sometime this week? 
this weeks #24 was epic! next week's season finale will be amazing...there is a lot of stuff that I want to happen 
@doonsie Now I just have to think of something clever to say!  How's your week going?
@Jakermeister 'I have to return some videotapes'  I finished reading that last week!
@ikarzali Last night we finished putting together our whole repertoire ... we've got our first 'full gig' next week, so right in time 
good dayyy, despite no busking. next week 
my birthday is next week! 
@andeezyROOLZ lol okay maybe next week  so how're you ?! [:
@toreo haha i did for a while, i had a new one every week or twice a week, but when i popped up with this one it stuck 
@amysav83 I find that hard to beleve! It's the last working day of the week before a 4 day weekend!  woo who!
@pesky33 Don't worry, there's no rush. We can sort out the details when you get back, and I'll finish the jacket next week. 
@hendricius with a site re-launch in less than a week, not much 
off to a couple of more meetings, can't wait for the day to end as i have cool plans this eve 
Last day of forest-week was so nice actually those kids in my group were so nice and sweet and listened to what I said 
@cowboyEric it's always bad timing, but you'll have fun next week 
@leeboardman You got that bang on!!!  What's your plans for this week then?  You still in 'holiday mode' ??  
feeling like living up this last week in my 20s - wore flip flops to work today 
@aliciahermann Woot!  How many days a week do you work?
@vane1717 Whenever... We should plan soemthing for next week 
@toysaregreat yes I do wish every day would be like that, but I will take the couple of days every week that it does happen 
@inrsoul let's try again next week shall we 
@lamb4fostering  I'm so excited I feel like next week will never get here.  I haven't felt like this since I got a job. 
@dannygokey At least this week you aren't going to be critiqued on your dancing. 
The last week has been a blow to my self-esteem, but tonight it's time for an ego boost 
avoided grant tilly!tommy all week 
@c_johnston you're nuts!  I can't wait to get mine next week...  
@anaballesteros Really? Awww. I'm so excited for this week's episode! 
@donnam13 I got off that after a week of no sleep and have found the patch a better thing! 
vote for us this week on fox seeds 
 so happy. less than a week!!
back to work after an excellent week off.. it actually feels good to be back... looks like I needed that 
@lostaddress amen to that! it's nice to follow that example and have a day off once a week. 
go Saints!!! If they win i'll be 8 for 8 this week 
Listening to the @jonasbrothers .      Other news i did my tests last week , i think i went okay 
it feels good knowing i dont have a problem set due the next week 
24 hours til next exam. Not so screwed this week  yay!
@Menooa lollllllllllllllll i know it was a mess for me to!!! we will make up for it next week 
@uhandbag I know that feeling! Weekends are great, but let the week begin for some busines action! 
We're having daytime fireworks as well  crazy. The final next week will be over the top
I didn't notice that we're leaving after a couple of days, of to the province! No worries, it's just for a week. 
is almost done with her work week, 3 day weekend, here I come!! 
@ Cannes 4 the week 
@princeword 3 nightbusses in one week.... one of them yesterday, did the trick I believe 
Just found out my babygirl got a 4 day week at school and 1 week off...need to plan out activities I loveeeee being a young mummy  xoxo
watching last week's one tree hill online 
looking forward to the best night the week for telly! got my weekly bottle of rose so bring it on 
@mrshefcodes Next week. Fingers crossed 
@GeeGee01 next week his grandaughter will be in eastenders 
Is hoping the sun will break through this week 
is ready for a coming busy week 
crazyyyy weekend. haven't slept in 6 years. somuchhh homework tonight=/ only a week and a half then imdonee . summmerrO9 
@akuismissdanger thank you! I hope that too!  SO good luck with your tests next week! Hopefully we'll survive!!! 
@JaxLicurse same here  have a gr8 week ahead 
@annlavra come visit me! i miss you so much! mostly since i spent the week at an afb. 
@FoodWishes hmmm, recipe coming this week, it was good!  
the last 4 days was exactly what i needed. and the next week is just a little bit more of that 
is HOME!  but leaving for over a week 2morrow... 
@lmnicosia I am hitting the sheets...sleep well...we will make plans for lunch this week 
@jasbabyyy so you're comin up here for bike week? make sure you get at me! it would be good to see you 
@ichacannenburg yes, last week was the last week of high school 
Me loving it... back in office! Lots to do this week 
@jdemay ahh. so, you rent a bike when you stay over for a week end. I guess I underestimated how into biking you were 
short week ahead! amazing what a song on the radio can do to you...... solank jy net leeuloop 
So much to do this week for the wedding...I'll get on that now by sleeping 
has 2 job interviews lined up for next week 
And a new week begins.......how I love beginnings!!! 
well its the first official week of summer!!---summer '09 is going to be unforgettable!!  night all! &lt;3
Preparing the agenda for this week. With thursday off it should be manageable  Everyone have a great week!
Aww @kynk  At least you only have 3 days of work this week 
preparing for last final but hoping for an awesome week 
@LBWcomms I am doing well thanks... taking things in my stride this week. It's going to be a busy one 
not wanting to jinx it...but weather supposed to be getting warmer towards end of week - yay! 
@BenFordham i told you you'd get lots of followers    project should be launching this week x
excited to do absolutely nothing for a whole week  yeahhhh..
Is happy now  best weekend ever and no college this week is just a bonus 
good morning here's to a week filled with fun 
just won 300 gambling.. only 500 to go and i can forget about spending 800 on strippers last week! 
morning tweeps  hope you are all aven a good start to the week i'm just chilling at home working night shift this week again
@JasonBradbury I'm buying your book this week 
Running a 12 miler to start the week off!!! 
Morning all, wishing you a fab week! A big thank you to @justinrfrench, @DanaPlazyk and @MediaMagik for mentioning me 
@JerryCamden goodnight boo! or, good morning  have a fab week!
This is going to be a low stress week 
I wish an happy sunny week! 
@maryalmighty they do? alrighty, checheck namin this week.  thanksss!
@wernshen @kenwei316 Yay to free nom one whole week!! 
Last week of torture. haha. kidding. Last week of summer school! I can't wait for my three-week vacation! 
Again with the whole waking up early thing. I'm so happy for my 4 day weekend next week. I looooooove sleep 
tired of living out of packed boxes...looking forward to the big move this week.  
@monicavas Will clean your apt later this week homeslice  i am forever grateful!
acting like a real couple this week 
Here's hoping that this week is better than last. At least the sun is out! 
Reviewing my target list for the week - hiring managers here I come! 
I should be getting a new phone sometime this week. 
No idea what to do today, still have 2 weeks till my last exam, then summer can begin 
lost four pounds this week 
is ready to start a brand new week 
On my way to my last week of classes 
Off to another fantastic week!  Who needs temp help???? 
No english teacher all week 
new week starting...pringles and pepsi already this morning.  need the boost.
Morning all, time for me to go to the dentist after a shity week  but its monday, and I won't let last week hold me down
Keeping my little fingers crosssed   ... hopefully this is my last week!!!!
new week, new life! 
next week's supernatural looks funny  lol
wow...it's going to be a busy week at work!  which is great bc that means the weekend comes faster.
Wow this has been such a crazy busy week!! 
another week. good news is that i have a 3 day weekend coming up. 
has accepted the fact she is going to fail all her exams and is now looking forward to a week of pampering and car buying 
@popjustice haha i was there last week  the lampshades are impressive, granted but I was super-impressed with the canteen/cafe
*yawns* it's a 3 week break ahead and I am already bored 
worst week is freakin' crazy. 
after whirlwind of a week, enjoying a bit of down time and some catching up. . .  hit the ground running, tomorrow!
Over the weekend, we fixed the bug at the root of last week's problems.  
It's time to own this week and then time for Memorial weekend! 
aiming for a hard training week- all rested.  
up up up and up... doing the morning run... then the laundry list of tasks for the week!!! 
worked all weekend and a little today and then I am done for the week  
@Kishez I agree. There is not much to do. I still have your coordinate for helping each other website in music.i'll be in touch this week 
sweet. just set up my appointment to get tatted next week. 
@jennyitup I did that this week too. I almost had a little panic attack 
another week.... let is go fast!!! long weekend ahead! 
another week....let it go fast!! long weekend ahead! 
just woken up, what a mess! looking forward to a week of partying 
Just got back after a week and a half away from work. Still ... am really looking forward to a long weekend! 
So far this week's been amazing, can't wait for tonight! 
Bringing back the muttin chops next week. I'm sure @jessmxo is thrilled. 
What a glorious morning!  add to that, I have next week off - things are looking good 
feels like monday, so it's the perefect week. one day, and then weekend! nice... 
@jessychristine very true....ill get them next week then 
@denisedenny  yes, it's been a pretty long week...but weekend comes!!! 
joining two forums this week. designertalk and houseforum 
Yay one week off college 
feels sleepy suddenly. a nap or early sleeping should help. hard work this week 
my room is finally clean after a week of hard-core spring cleaning  so fresh and so clean, clean!
@HappySinger i will - enjoyed the podcast the other week. the bus announcements in the background at the pub are oddly hilarious 
Thinking that its 3 weeks till I go on my 4 week holiday! 
@johncmayer  Having a filter is overrated....went without mine all week  made me feel liberated!
@marcforrest @GarethCliff  Hopefully it stays that way till next week! 
I had 9 meetings this week work and they were mostly planning/concept meetings. Next week...we execute! 
@Schofe enjoying your week off? 
@BeckyNaylor hope you have a lovely stress free week 
On leave next week, so trying to do 101 things before hometime 
I got a nice paycheck this week 
@centernetworks you win!  i'll be seeing you during internet week! there are so many great things going on in nyc that week!
@BaiHarMar he is the real deal, the fake one was suspended over a week ago 
is deciding what to pack for a two-week trip 
What a week! the blizzards, coronas and white lies!  im on fire!
@ThrillbillyG haha no I'm good thanks  I only have a month left then I have an 11 week holiday so I'll stick with school.
Having a superb day. It's wonderful to have a job you love. But that doesn't stop me looking forward to my week off 
Heading home from work... it's the second weekend during this week. 
Is in week-end since two hours now ! 
@Divinerae I'm just picking one each week! that gives me at least 130 weeks of content so far 
gym 3 times a week 
@jessiegirlleap well my knee should be healed by next week 
 Is finishing off the semester, with less than a week remaining!
This week's #followfriday is *drumroll* @LouPeb!  
Painting/listening to the radio/still 90s week 
thank god we have a week off now 
I'm so glad summer is here  still a bit bummed about yesterday :/
@MrsMcflyGrimmy awh good for you chicken  hope it goes well! Any plans for the week? LoveYou &lt;3 XxxX
chillin for the week, aaahhhhhh 
@ashtynvictoria agh I love those things! I still eat them atleast once a month 
@kinokofry That's how I felt about it, too.  @shiidii Thanks, man!  Hopefully the next version will be out this week.
My last schoolday this week 
well.. done with cropping photos from the past week... uploading now to server. Also, within that time drew another comic.. thanks vista! 
last night was ridic. The rest of the week should be good times..lovin every minute of it 
@celrae i will be around the first week in july. bike ride? 
band practice  probably will have a couple gigs by next month  :p super excited ;]
@cambriadetken ahh lucky I have one more week and then finals! I'm a junior too  I'm graduating a semester early ))
@DHughesy @rove1974  A snuggie!!! I found it in bentliegh for $17.95. It's a week late but I found it.  http://twitpic.com/65xgk
at last.. first week's over!!! resting for a couple of hours.. 
oeh last schoolday of the week 
Going to take a week long trip to seattle by myself soon 
ok last day at work for this week,... than i have a loooong weekend! 
its finally friday, had a crazy week. loooking forward to relaxing 
oopsie. I got slightly ahead of schedule on gsoc  that's good though, because week 3 may take 2 weeks in reality. and there's scripty too
@sittinhere_ yes its a big hint.  u are businer than I so let me know your schedule now thru next week 
@sweetcandylove ill buy you one next week 
#jonaswebcast was awesome!! cant wait for next week 
@phr0ggi thank you  (what did you base you list on this week?)
finally home &amp; now im to tired to do homework. I seriously need to stop going out. starting next week 
@nlowen1lsu watch it next week, I'll even remind you   it'll all make sense lol
