Most common words for this cluster:
[('week', 649), ('day', 10), ('weekend', 10), ('lol', 9), ('amp', 7), ('school', 5), ('days', 5), ('com', 5), ('http', 5), ('p', 4), ('ah', 4), ('u', 4)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'week', 0.9999375343322754), (u'month', 0.8364387154579163), (u'weekend', 0.7177075743675232), (u'weeks', 0.709256112575531), (u'year', 0.6611815094947815), (u'day', 0.6595227122306824), (u'summer', 0.6292264461517334), (u'fortnight', 0.6000546813011169), (u'days', 0.5931704640388489), (u'morning', 0.5873017311096191)]





this week is not going as i had hoped 
i should be sleeping, i have a stressed out week coming to me. 
@rakeman It was in the 80s F just last week! 
@jonathanchong I could do with a long week 
wishing the week was over.... 
@ZombieFarmer That seems to be everywhere right now. It's only 34 here. It was 50 last week 
is not having a good week 
@lilyroseallen Lily pleasee reply to me, I've had the shittest week ever  x
Another week ahead.  http://plurk.com/p/p017m
ive been sick 4 a week now.....  and i still am, still feeling weak.... and dizzy
@bluecandylover I know  I wish we had 1 more week!
i miss greek week 
@ssines I don't want to!!! This week is testing week 
going to work a full week for once 
Has far to much work to do this week 
I am not looking forward to overtime this week 
Another week starts 
so much to do this week 
i have a feeling that this whole week is going to suck 
(@SHUTUP) i have a feeling that this whole week is going to suck 
Does NOT want to be sick  it was such a good week too...
not having a very good week 
is getting ready to go to bed. I'm tired. I'll be studying all week. Three tests during dead week, and three finals the week after. 
So sad I missed avatar week 
...only 1 more week 
@vickixashton he was last week 
Is soooo sad to be home alone for a whole week 
is tryin to figure out y i am up and y i feel a cold coming on when i just got over one a week ago! damn 
GCSES start this week 
Its rained for a full week 
@novahans I wish one day this week I could get through.. 3 weeks of trying 
Its going to be raining all week! 
is really really dreading next week 
@OriginalOG  I promise to do it next week....but I have to figure it out!   lol   
@No. you have to wait a week.  
hoping for some sunshine (at least for this week) It's been raining all week last week already 
doesn't want it be hot this week 
@Boardies Next week 
Not ready for this week 
what a night  what a week   actually looking forward to monday and a new week... 
homeworkish, not ready for the upcoming week 
...a new (long  ) week has come...
ehhhhhhh new week...and I'm still waiting for answer 
Thinking about how long this week is going to be 
weekend 9 already..? i kinda.. dont want.. week 10 n week 11 to come.. 
long, yet wonderful, weekend made for a short night!  feeling it 2day &amp; thinking i will all week bc this week is moving week  so much 2 do
long, yet wonderful, weekend made for a short night! feeling it 2day &amp; thinking i will all week bc this week is moving week  so much 2 do
And so begins another week.  I just wish it wasn't so ugly outside 
this week is going to suuuuuuuuuuuuck 
@fairywings1981 stayed the same  you can always just come next week and i'll remind u 
So it should be an interesting week... And only one week to go 
I asked for a better week, so far, nothin 
this just hit me...not this week but next week is the last week of american idol 
@Seikara I need to talk to you about this week 
@Jonasbrothers agh! I missed it  oh well, maybe nxt week
one week ago I was in heaven 
Wish I wasn't sick last week. Then I wouldn't be so demotivated 
I should not be awake.... another week of feeling shattered because I cannot lie in 
loved last week.... such a wonderful week, but sad it ended!  
there was me thinking we broke up end of this week turns out it is next week, 
I'm lazily starting my week! 
I am so not ready for another long week 
We'll see how the week goes. 
going to bed, stressful week coming up 
is ready for a week of organizing. It's never-ending. 
@sendchocolate me too  oh well will be avoiding the net next week until I've seen the final!
@chibnall drat, i already used it last week 
what an unproductive week.....   
why for blizzcon is the same week as gencon? no can afford both 
exam week next week  serious revising to do this weekend :'(
@skelseymarie hey  that's how i've  looked for the past week lol
Has had an incredibly boring week and day.  hopefully next week will be better!
@annecurtissmith i lost mine too.. last week. 
@Gexy_  i didn't go. i dont think im going this week either 
has a busy week ahead of her 
Thinking this is going to be a long week 
i can't drink on percosets!  what a sad week
is sad she might not be able to update mylsnaps this week. 
and dreading another long week... 
Another week will start ... And I don't want it 
exam week this week ... *sad sigh* 
Not looking forward to this week, last week at work, feeling really sick 
another week of doing absolutely nothing... 
@xscode It is going to rain all week 
@LukeJustLuke trust me im trying!! 1 week apparently! 
backshift this week 
last week in the clinic 
last week 
off to start the week! 
schoollllll. another full week 
Another week has began  I'm soooo tired
this week is going to be hellish 
anotha week to get thru 
And so the week begins. 
have to stay for a week....!! 
@paulpuddifoot luck u a whole week off 
another week has passed since we were together  how much longer
is regretting having been so lackadaisical all week     
finalizing reports for this week can really be endless 
1 week shoot me now 
is wishing she had the whole week off, not just parts of it 
No Vrijmibo this week.. 
@womaninblack and she'll lose it all or have it nicked in the first week 
@Milangerie  its been more than a week! lol
@Vivacions  I'll be there next week, I swear.
terribly boring week 
really needs like a week to just sleep 
@Salamandroid its not just you - its properly dragged this week 
I can't believe how fast this week has gone by 
#liesboystell buzy this week  
@MeriDubs whaaat. I still have next week 
@Cathiria I'm on it, probably not until next week though 
this week has been awful. 
@icebergmeadow No but this is our poor week 
@yargman i havent seen you all week 
no #thedailyshow this week 
Maybe I was wrong, this week could have stayed good, but it didn't 
@lfatzinger the following week would be better - I'll be gone next week 
You know for a short week, it certainly dragged 
hugh isn't on it @wossy lied last week 
i will be without an assistant for the next week  
This has been a dismal week. 
@morganedgar1307 Ugh, not yeeet!  It's like, in a week, too... =/ I'll keep trying!!
@peligroso_eloso  i don't understand why this week is so shitty
I'm having a stressful week 
@Princessbits bad week?? 
one more week. 
the most stressful week ever. 
more or less 1 week left for me... 
Tough week. 
will really try to do those earlier next week. 
one more week left in winchester 
@ahmedzainal not this week 
this week has gone too fast 
@aliceblackX i've got 3  2 next week then 1 the week after! what about you? x
This past week has been bad to me 
is sad and worried and doesn't want to face next week 
this week was going so well 
still working, a very busy week 
ahhhhhhhhhhh so much due this week... 
@starbucksapron Not much,stayin in this week cos of the bad week I've had, was gonna listen to @1045chumfm but website not working 
@CarCarXD  this week went sooooo fast 
this has been such a horrible week 
going for another week... 
I had stye for a week ,i feel uncomfortable 
what a horrible week i've had. 
says 1 more week to go  http://www.laymark.com/i/m/m147.gif http://plurk.com/p/xdhdj
That is going to be one long week. 
@alexknelson is leaving for the week 
just wants to go to work this week... 
@ZillaFitness I missed 2days of week 3 &amp; most of recovery week 
@DruMStiCkNoRah3 my final will be in next week 
Really not amped 4 this week ahead 
i hate pageant week 
just finished crying. this week is my last week of school. 
@juicyjuleswei because I've been suntanning all week and I need to catch up 
not feeling well  ready for this week to be over and it hasn't even starteddddd.
will be away for a week 
@mileycyrus we don't get to see it until next week 
I have a big week ahead of me. Not looking forward to it at all   
@aitchmorgan it's rubbish! Even more difficult when you've had the whole week off 
I'm going to nap then I  really want to talk to @HeyItsRiley I miss her and my week is sucky 
Not enough days in my last week 
@mizrik she has treated me very badly all week  i'm sad rikki @krissybri
Getting ready for another long week, I miss him already 
@SmittnbyBritain not yet  end of july we're going for a week though!
Wish I could be going to E3 this week.  
I'm not looking forward to this week... I don't think it will be a good one 
Thinking that maybe she will just have to put up with being bored all week 
@AvaRosexxx   I get like that once a week....
i feel soo wierd w/o watching keeping up with the kardashians... it finished last week 
is not ready for the week to start 
@drdroo already found that out last week 
Morning all, last week of my 20's this week 
@jamiesmart I can't  but if you like it, you can see it with me again next week! Yay! x
I'm not gonna be able to do my #gnw spamming this week  But I will start afresh next week!
@fudgecrumpet has decided to spend his week off in bed and not with me 
I'm going to feel rather lonely this week. 
@randomlywired i just hadn't noticed week 12 until you said week 12.  also didn't notice it was june.have about 2700/3000  u?
My last week of being 22  http://myloc.me/2gvO
@KezzieN I blocked over 15 this week and they still keep coming 
Is this week over yet?? 
Here goes another week 
and is officially ill for at least another week. 
I don't want to work this week 
is very sad that it is week 10 
@mileycyrus No! Not the last week! 
Missing out on the last week 
I'm sad this is my last week babysitting 
I'm preparing for a really long week 
the hardest week ever! i have so much learnin  i want to @ddlovato !!!!!!
@mbweston The bad week started last week, sis...  
@ImajicArt been trying to change my pic for a week 
@slutmomo I'm ready to play!! It's been a week 
last week of being 20  i dont want to grow up
I can't believe it is going to rain this week 
is ready for this week... I guess 
I was looking forward to greek all week and then missed it 
I have a feeling that this is going to be a long week 
having a bad week already 
this is going to be a busy week... 
after a week off, i am now back to work. 
@timblaum without me?  see you next week when i return?
will be home alone all week 
@burdenday For the last week, ive dreamt of being late to work. 
so far this week is pretty lame.. ughhhh  off to work!
Having a horrible week. 
@noodlemaine  only like one more week... and then you're roomate free.
Or...we can do this next week. 
shaping up to be a bad week for me 
unfortunately i wont see him this week 
still sick after a week 
@cupcakesfortwo finished last week love 
This week feels slow.... and I work tonight 
this week is being SO bad 
i will be glad when this week is over 
The week is nearly over but I have so much stuff to do 
having a hideous week. 
it's been raining almost a week now i guess. 
@rillamrilla I know it sucks! It happens to me every single week! 
@AhmNoHere I've had a really boring week actually. I thought a week off would have been fun  boooooooooo
@EofPHANTOMP  ill be there sometime. But not nxt week. But ill get there
ah, this week has been so boring. same subjects like every day, well 4 times a week 
This week was not my week. 
This week isn't going that well. 
@ShelbyStClair did you go back to blonde?! i miss being a blondieee i just don't want to have to bleach every week  lol
@gsherman it's next week 
@JennyCarrel ahh me too! I miss them  one week ago they were here in this cityy!
long and busy week ahead 
@djahop see u next week 
another long week ahead 
1 more week before i get back to work - i cant believe i'm saying it, but deloitte, i miss you! 
@yuriber don't you just hate that it NEVER stopped raining for like a week now? 
@BeautyInRealLif Aw, maybe next week 
has surgery next week. 
@pandanky aww boo  yeah you'll take us next week??
@stolemyusername not recently  but I'll probably fix that in a week or so.
@hannahblu  one week! you can do it!
Sleeping... Too long of a week 
@Weebly_one apparently not  at least not this week.
late shift this weekend  ... but next week 3 days off ;-)
it's been a week already 
Not quite exactly through week 1 and I'm already SO exhausted 
Its been sunny all week when I haven't been able to enjoy it, the weekend comes and it's a really horrible day 
@Steeneh Yay but it's more than one week now... 
Next week is the last week of my vacation.... 
mommy goes out in a week  Haizzz. I think I should be sad.
Just had the worst week ever!!!  
@BlueApple77 A whole week already 
No vacaa next week 
Beach week has been soooo awsome, too bad it is soon over 
@stolenrain You said that last week and you never did 
Going to run... I haven't exercised in a week.     ... walking around at E3 doesn't count.  
Next week is going to be crazy. 
is bittersweet about the upcoming week... 
@cindooo  its just a rough week for all of us.
rubbish week 
ahh..i had this cough for like a week already 
is having a rough week and it's doesn't seem that it's going to get better in the next week 
Has it really only been a week? 
One week has gone... 
@goodmanw @frankramblings I didn't see shit this week. 
@Allig31 I don't think I have seen you this week.... That can't be good.. 
1 week to go until I hit the big 4-0 
@amyfiggins Me too.  I can't believe we're leaving this week.  
1 more week? ( What to do? What to do?? 
The recyclery is overflowing again the week 
Its our last hurrah week, though 
A week without you! This is going to be rough  I love you
@daisyhunt samesies  see you in a week!
@JASTKING no okgo this week. you lie. 
@sunkast You're no spring chicken any more I'd guess. I found that out about myself this week 
dreading this week... 
@danudey Not at all this week. And I'm still waiting to hear back about my only free days for next week. I'm sorry. I suck. 
One long week... and if only it was over. 
@TiffanyHickey bad week 
@Kajitsu rpattz &amp; kstew? i'm like a week behind on ontd. 
Next week is the last week of school .. and i have soooo much homework to get done.. this is going to be a tough week 
@Tuckle A week? That really sucks. 
@MsStaceyK i did, but i didnt finish my song  within this week it'll happen.
@AmberlinaM I have to what until next week 
@DiBiaseATL  next week?
Not looking forward to starting the week! 
i'm not really looking forward to this week 
@cpshea and i have had a bad week 
missed mauriez this week. 
Getting ready for the week ahead  
Wtf best week ever is over until 2010? I love that show 
is up early on his week off and it's raining 
@blindcripple Only a week, it went very fast 
is going to have a long week. 
@boagworld I hate that feeling, was like that most of last week! 
Last week of my workterm! 
@bursey_15 I was way to tired to go to dinner last week  I actually went to bed like 9:30, haha!
Is home alone for a week 
it's a tough week... 
Oncall this week. 
only had half a day for a weekend this week 
The week ahead is looking far too busy for it's own good 
finalls this week. it sucksss 
@beaniexbb   I thought this week.  haha.
coming back to work after a week off.  
This week is going to be EXTREEEEMLY long  
@shamarie11 i wish we had the $$ to go for a week, but we don't 
has a busy week ahead and is already so tired 
@emihill My entire week last week has felt like that and it started again this week. 
Reaallyy reallyy wanted 2 go 2 lebanon next week 
@bjimenez1024 i lost mine last week too 
this week was supposed to be better than last... 
It gets harder to leave every week... 
@MiguelSeagull i can't wait for this week to be over 
@TCGO1974 ah i get back wednesday. I thought you were leaving the following week 
but I do not think I can ... is beginning of the week 
So bored... I wish we where racing this week 
I can't go swimming for a week 
Totally slacking on the working out  Next week will be better
@jawaheralsayegh luckyyyyyy  i still have a week left 
aww my sched will be tight starting next week 
@mikechannell Ah, no, I like - they were available last week but seem to have all gone now 
This week is too busy... 
Last week was quiet, so a good time to have taken off. This week is starting even slower 
This is not my week. 
so busy this week.. tiring 
waking up at 6 after waking up at 10 the past week totally messes you up  It's only 9 and it feels like it should be like 2.
is feeling rather sick, been feeling like this for almost a week 
@xtrahmxwohld it's supposed to continue all week 
I just want this week to be over.  i have so much work to do, it's not even funny 
did not skate well tonight.   So much work to do  I'm ready for this week to be over.
@teamDdemiLovato oahwe poor you, i have been sick last week. it sucks 
It's going to be a long week.... 
its almost been a week since you left 
I'm scared to be home alone all week... 
holy moly busy week! and I can't sleep 
@cicadastudio wouldn't you know...your last week to yourself, too! 
this week is awful. usually i like my job, but this week i really want to quitt 
Not having the best week... 
i've been waking up too early.   can't wait 'til i can sleep in next week!!
This week sucks  but whatever.
@adii missed out by a week 
@justflywithme and we have to go next week too! 
Has it really only been a week??? 
why is everyone leaving on tour this week?! 
only one more week in a2 
@fredhicks Wow, I do that like once a week. 
@txmedic88 I took the actual one about a week ago.  waiting to get my scores back for another week or two though, which is killing me 
@gohumble ah! I missed last week 
this week has been insane. absolutely insane. i don't like it at all 
@LeeseeXOXO next week... And I don't know  
really surprised I haven't cried yet, my week is so bad 
is working 6 days this week.. but then has all of next week off... only to be swollen up like a chipmunk 
wishing i didnt have to work this week... 
@Tulashi usually I do but not this week sadly  http://myloc.me/4f1I
really doesnt want to go to work !!! only a week to go until closing ... 
this week is horrible the latest i slept in was 9 a.m. 
@mkacampora tomorrows no good. This week prolly won't happen either 
Is starting to feel amazingly emotional about next week already...... 
I'm really not looking forward to next week. I wish it was just the end of next week. I'll miss you   I don't want you to go but I love yo
I really want to finish school this week, not next week 
It's sad how little I have been tweeting this week... 
one more day of this week and I'm FREEEEEEEEE!!!!! then i have to do it again the next week 
@onebreath - no they just said next week 
having a bad week 
Not looking forward to next week (n) 
@runaholickassy i didn't workout for a week! i feel so fat! 
@dimplejr i know...  this is not my week!
I think my 5 week old is already spoiled. She won't sleep more then 15mins unless I'm holding her 
I can't wait for this week to be over. 
@heatherkinlaw You're so lucky to be gone-- it's been grey/drizzly all week &amp; is now POURING 
@ddlovato i wish i could see you next week 
last class for the week...1 week down, 5 more to go. 
If you've emailed or messaged me this week, I'm not ignoring you- I promise!  Just won't be able to catch up for a week or so- crazy busy 
have to go to dentist next week 
my last summerhollidays begin next week  
I hope that one week before isn't too late!!!  
Wish this next week was over already. . . 
Not a good week for me... 
@lovingpho i didn't even get to try it this week 
@hkk0405 aww.. i didn't know you came to greenville this week.  
@beccagd and it's supposed to be for another week!! 
@katieisfearless Not this week, too much going on... sorry 
grrrrrrrr i miss out on yet another week of surfing 
@JanelleMonae I missed it too  I forget to watch sytycd at least once every week..
Really Really bad week 
@jillijay I'll be there but I'm not getting one until next week 
is exhausted from a very tiring week 
his last week next week 
working a 53 hour week this week 
@ValerieLuxe i still didnt  ill probably get it next week
I'm still ill after a when week 
@msmagic they have been rubbish this week! 
Doesn't want to work its been a longggg week 
hawts  not a good week at all. (
exam week next week 
@JonasAustralia not me  i have to wait until next week to get it
@DiFromTheY hi di - totally missed this one this week  @lizleorke pointed it out to me...hope you had a great week!!!
@derbyq HEY. I am SO sad I missed you this week. I don't suppose you are coming back up here before you fly out?  
last unlimeted for this week  #ultd
This has been a really astonishingly bad week. 
@IrmaG I've tweeted you 3 times during the week - but no reply   unless you check your @irmag, you don't see them...
@kirstiecat so it looks like this week was not so good after all.  how's next week looking for you?
@siansa it will take a week to even see. 
totally dissapointed i cant go home next week 
Tagless for the week. 
I work too mach this week 
@ChargerJenn how long will that last?!  I won't have $$ until next week. 
@RobLoBue well done see you next week 
ME TOO, @venhi .  Supposed to continue here all next week. 
@jasminelacy lol. I'm debating on if I should or not, because I'm tired from working all week. 
I miss hockey. It's been a week now. 
one week until i am offically old 
@joleehadfield  I'll miss you too babe. But then I get a whole week with you at SHUSWAP!
I saw @metrostation last week. And now...i miss him.  sad for me.
just realized that next week is jimes' last week here in the Philippines. 
@cosRobPerkins well, i'm not going to see you for a week now  so when I get back?
so tired really don't want to get out of bed now for the next week 
@KeishaKash you aren't the only one  i thought it was next week!
all week has been bad! 
Totally regrets not going to senior week 
tired and i feel so week i could collapse 
I'm having a horrible week 
@ytrahne Sadly mine disbanded this week. 
@kgregstar well congrats. ive still got a week. 
i already miss senior week. 
Ughhh-this week is going to take forever 
hey modern guise, is speech due this week or next? 
utterly drained heading into a new week ftl 
going on campout, won't be tweeting for the next week. 
is going to be ever so sad this week 
@claudiamcfly yeah  i only dyed it like a week ago though? :|
@karafortson this week is hellllll. i just want to sleep until then 
I wish I could hang out this week 
I am not looking forward to how hot it is going to be all week 
Last week at dmc 
Just one more week...I think I can take it. But it hurts so much. 
I want next week to come! 
@TrinityAnderson it's so hot, i think this is suppose to be the hottest week 
waiting for the week to go by 
@BunnyBridget Jealous!! I have to wait until next week to see it 
I'm bored - I was really busy last week and dying for this week to arrive....and now it has and I'm bored already.... 
@madeofballoons Next week! 
@bbunderground I tried to add you last week and you declined me.  
@msilve No  next week I will be baaack though.
@ParamoreFC  ugh i think i have to wait another week 
@ronniejoice never knew it was on mid week 
is having a really bad week. 
@AndyT13C you may or may not have been ignoring me lately how rude!!!! And I'm supposed to go to gville to see u next week 
really hates this week... 
i'm thinking of going out next week since it's the last week of holidays...    
ughhhhhh.  I can't go a week without freaking crying. 
soo next week will be a rough ass week for me.  damn
@brighit ewwww, I went last week, but it wasnt as bad as I though, hang in there, it has to be done unfortunatelly 
@storiesofmac it was a terrible week also for me 
it's been a dry week 
classsssssssssssssssssssssssssssss  only 1 more week!
@donicamuddy wheyyy you finally logged into this. Brilliant. It's actually pished down all week here btw 
@namyenoh I know  He'll just need to convince them this week. They don't know what they are missing. #y&amp;r
I don't know what I'm going to do next week. 
This week is not a good week 
So glad to be back, and so glad to have a short week.  
@mileycyrus Me too! haha &lt;3 But I have this week off! 
hoping that my positive mental outlook for the week can make it a good one.  it will!  i need a good week. 
http://twitpic.com/3hlcn - Like a week i think...  
@alliedickinson Don't be so hard on yourself.  There's always next week!  
@yanna_be One week from right now 
@SnowgooseSA but you having one next week 
I nearly forgot- one week until i see mcfly 
going to bed! What a day\weekend\week!! Going to sleep well tonight 
@lostinmiami I don't remember last week that clearly, so no, I don't remember saying that about him, but I agree with me, so all's well. 
@laurensnacks I know! I saw that last week it was sooo good 
@lyteforce LOL I can go for coffee not this week but the week after 
is home again, after a week away 
back to work this is going to be a great week 
@ocaznboi i miss you chris!! i hope you have a great week, even though it'll be a really crazy one. 
Another week has started 
Getting ready to start what should be a pretty easy week.  
Hoping this week goes quickly 
only 3 days to go this week...wow 
@thefella hooray we will see u next week 
@pixelyzed That will have to remain quiet for a week or so 
The week is finally over! 
is actually anxious for the next week to pass by!  
@KrisAllenmusic goodluck this week! you're my favorite and i vote every week 
wow. the busiest week going to end soon. 
I had one week vacation now, one more week to go 
@KimilovesJB i havnt but i will next week ! 
such a great week 
@vanessacobb apparently it's meant to not be too bad until later in the week!  well, for near me, anyway :L
setting here bored          haven't had homework all week   
It's an exciting week for thenethernet. 
looking forward to a new week with new uppertunities  www.nettbutikksenteret.no
Looking forward to a great week 
Getting ready to tackle another week. 
so there.. this week must go well 
@mikasounds The week begins today, so, this week there will be new mikasounds.com! wiiii I can't waaaait! 
@georgiafly yeah hopefully. At least we dont have agg this week 
ready for a new week 
A very exciting week 
another week starts 
It's going to be a good week 
and so another week begins. this one has got to be better than the last 
@ninaaacooperrr don't not come in  i love you... and it's your last week and you need to see me..... you're hot
@drhett Not yet. I hope to check it out this week. 
@LiannaKnight: We can't wait to see you!   This week can not go fast enough! 
Thinking I'm super excited about this week! 
i forgot how much i really needed music until i barely had any for about a week. but i have music now. yay! 
@quixoticblazes most everything was due last week, which was stressful, but at least it's over with. 
This week MUST be better than last week, no more drama 
I turn 21 in less than week. 
enjoying the week off! 
@Cwluc haha! that's what I've been saying all week. g'morning to you too 
@shawnaJalynn I feel u boo have fun. I'll probably be out next week had 2 chill this week 
@mikegesell be at kiawah in 1 week!  I can't wait! 
@vbright  I needed that, have had a tough week
@backstreetboys and great week! 
@saccoo I have 2 this week, 2 next week then have a week off  then I'm in 5th year :o glad when all this crap is over!
is extremelly tired and is happy that this will be the last week of school then off for a week 
@prettytwitches totally dude! i'll be in all week  ...our last week, eee!
Next week 
actually looking forward to tuesday and wednesday this week 
good morning. finally a week with some time 4 myself. no classes this week 
...a new week... what will it bring?  c'mon!
@ammiisaurusrexx LOL it is. But I takes like a week for them to unswell 
completed revision of last week and planning for the week ahead...more mistakes this week... 
is already looking forward to going to Popsikle next week! 
@dajbelshaw I hope the week goes well. 
One week to go, then it's a week off 
hopeful for a better week ahead.... 
@dayannn ok just for u  later this week!!
very excited about this week 
back to work - a short week is starting 
It's Vegetarian week, yay 
I can't wait to see what this week brings!!! 
@vinitasalome  it's ready next week!!
is excited for this week  http://plurk.com/p/uizei
starting another  week  
@divinjohn great  planning to launch it in less than a week 
@NKANGEL74 I am sure you will have a great week 
weekend's over, back to work...only a 4 day week this week! 
@mylspretty there's always the next week to do that. 
@meghabhandari @paarulb I wasnt talking about the week at all 
after this week, i will be a senior 
@imaxs Lalith must be happy and celebrating ?!   so a week off for the IT guys ?
@EMMAREES As if you have sun!! It's chucking it down here! You sound happy for the week ahead 
headed to chicago for a great week 
I should head to work here soon.  Can you tell I'm excited? lol.  Once I get through this week I'm off all next week. 
--actually a pretty nice weekend...  not really dreading the week so much, especially since it's my last full week of school for the year!
Another short week 
I'm so excited I only have to work 3.5 days this week! And then only 3 days next week! 
@ashleynicholem lol that is so funny... you have a good week 
I'm loving this week more than I thought I would. 
@candice5355 i know, how fricken ridiculous is it!!! im outraged. but at least we've seen it twice in less than a week 
@acnirahs yerp yerp. i had a shit week too. dw, hopefully next week is bettererer. 
@rowkr  gaji next week.. but..... hehe
@declancashin pretty good too, tired from a busy week but can't complain about that 
had such a good week 
its been a good week 
this week has gone pretty fast...kewl 
I'm proud of myself I've been waking up early all week 
hopefully, this week is a good week. &amp; then, we're seniors! 
@KankzXD yes but I shall get it next week 
Next week 
@hannahreneesong definitely next week! 
@dmf71 you included me in your followfridays last week.  (you were in mine the week b4)
@damnative its been quite a good week hasn't it 
@nelsonyong Why I just came across one this week if you want it 
is waiting for next week. 
@Cranialstrain yes, I will be back next week! 
@relgawly man let's do sokhna next week it will be my first week unemployed again 
