Most common words for this cluster:
[('well', 1413), ('day', 101), ('time', 99), ('today', 77), ('lol', 63), ('done', 57), ('work', 52), ('tomorrow', 45), ('i', 45), ('night', 44), ('quot', 41), ('home', 41)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Well', 0.9999759197235107), (u'Okay', 0.8076424598693848), (u'Yeah', 0.7663876414299011), (u'Yes', 0.752456545829773), (u'Actually', 0.7464056611061096), (u'Oh_yes', 0.7270078063011169), (u'Yup', 0.7151677012443542), (u'Uh', 0.7104396820068359), (u'Yep', 0.7101079225540161), (u'And', 0.7070184350013733)]





@emilyruppe Well he said that he is a looser, and that is what the show implies 
Well, so much for being productive on my 2 days off from Angels 
Well that made me sad, i sat down to watch tv, and then remembered i dont have cable anymore.  Lol.
Well that was a fun nights work, now to start the working day 
Driving to my parents and chilling with them. Well the sun is shining, but I don't feel so well today 
Well that was a waste of time 
Well twiter dont work with O2!! just with vodaphone 
Well later friends better do some work! 
Morning tweeties~ Well it is a cool, windy..snow on the ground day..more expected next 2 days.  Trying to be chipper about it.
Well I'm gonna go get ready for school, then I'm going to school 
Well shoot. I guess I should start yelling at people too. That's not my style though...so I'll just pout. 
was supposed to wake up at 4 so I could write and go to the gym. Well... you see the time. 
Well I did take a personal day today. Hurts really bad when I cough and I cough a lot less when I am not moving. 
@pmurphy_dc Well don't because then @whatlizsaid won't be able to take cute pictures of you.  LOL
Well stomach felt better for a few minutes long enough to clean the yard now i'm back to feeling icky 
Well so much for time with the hubby...he's been stolen to go off to a car show. 
@rusty519 Well I live 2 seconds away so I can go anytime. It's just really pretty out 
@aplusk Well now that you have 1,158,575 followers I guess I have less chances of getting a twit from ya 
@steveagee damn spammers are killing that chat room you set up.  Well we can still watch you suffer i guess !
@SarahFTW Well thanks for saying i would rape with style but i think it was just another jibe at my lack of manliness 
@trelly aww  Well next time for sure I'll let u know. I was on a press trip this time but I definitely plan on going again this yr
Banging headache! Tweets are off for a while. Well, most things are off with a headache like this 
Well, no girl of my dreams of tonight 
@fakerpattz  That makes me so sad. I feel for you even though i cant reach you. Well in my dreams you keep me warm every night.
My boo is leaving me.  Well at least he made half the night go by fast.
Well, if friends only buy tickets for other friends besided you, I guess that means you're no longer in the loop... 
Well tried to install uber twitter some reason not working gutted 
I hate auto-updaters. Well, actually, bloated software. When I had 24mbps, it was fine. Now downloading a 50mB update is painful 
Well, that was freaking annoying. More teeny boppers dancing around to a song I've heard a thousand times now. 
@cartoono Well then I guess that puts me out of the equation. Now you're using my full name - feel like I'm being scolded for smthg 
@pinksugacupcake Aww. Well why are you up? Any special reason? I gotta work today. So NOT looking forward to that 
Well...here we go .. starting off the day...cleaning is going to be my worst nightmare 
Well can't fall back asleep  making blueberry muffins then heading to the library I guess.
@JennyMessinger Aww! Well if it's any consolation, I missed that too. I was out with a friend and didn't get back on in time. 
@phantom_roxs Aww!  Well I hope you enjoy whatever you're going to be watching.
@mzsullivan awww   Well maybe next time 
Well that hurt. Just wrote checks for county property taxes and homeowners dues. 
Morning world, got most the garden done ... Well now it's time for work 
Well trying to get some sleep but I want my &lt;3 with me 
Well, looks like I'm back to college  I remember the days college was fun!
Well this sucks, no one is on fb, and no one wants to talk to me anyways 
@stinginthetail Well, to be honest I followed the link in the profile out of sheer curiosity, so score one for the spammer. 
@K_ward21 Well done you.  I still have 3 assignments, 1 presentation and 3 exams 
@pauldecker Well done,I'm impressed..lol. You may not have sun, but you have your pooch. I still miss mine after 2 yrs 
Well off goes another day wasted at school 
@bradshorr Well, in our case it's just that I can't add a column of numbers twice and get the same answer. 
@dnorton Well, it's supposed to be back to 65 by the end of the week 
@MartyBTV Well I learned I'm really a light-weight when it comes to tequilla shots lol...I was sick all saturday 
Well the end of the first day back, the sun is shining and it's nice to have it over and done with, back to reality with a bang 
It's 2.27am and I've no idea why I'm still awake. Well that's not strictly true 
@JaneLebak Well--so is ours.  I put her down on the floor today, and she kept her legs rigid so she could stand 
Well, they came out of the truck - ran around for a bit - picked up their cones and left.  I miss the tree guys now 
Well this volcano project is coming anlong...I think I may have overstepped the 2nd grade level science project my son and i started 
@DurbinDigital Well no, but they all have different size canvas areas, which just takes time, like coroflot is different again 
@alibartlett yeh i found out just then on facebook. she was cool. it's so sad  Well start being on time and doing stuff right then! silly!
'Tesco' report 3billion annual profit! Well done to the money makers 
Well don't bother with sm presale seems it is dishing out tickets right at the back gutted or what 
Well off 2 watch some more tv and wishing i was at mcfly's concert right now 
@justincavazos Well you would have seen me all day if you would have looked up from your phone 
@sonnie_inkstar I didn't drive tonight &amp; my flute is broke  its hitting all the wrong notes. Well have to rock with the harmonica tonight
@alhpixie Nawww!  Well that is an absolute tragedy... And such a waste.
So I climbed a tree. Now my hands are all scratched up. Well, my arms and legs too, but my hands are the worse. And the mosquitoes got me 
@ihenpecked @sahans  Well I only slept for 4hrs - am i still classed with the strong and mighty??
@Fever3way I'm getting face! Well, not really 
@Oofxx Well it's still kind of friday night for me right now, my weekend is kind of open as of now.  
Well off to vets for me with doodles and starla not gonna be cheap  xxx
@alanmcnamee Well the sun is out, and I'm in the dam office! again!!!! 
@Knot2serious Well duh! Lol I'm seriously starving tho 
@aminorjourney Well I guess it'll be at least a month away as I'm in hospital nxt week and am on crutches for the following 2 weeks 
Well, I'll be sure to keep watch. I'd only just plucked up the courage to ask for the passwords when the shite hit the fan 
@Kelliekk  hope your headache gets better. Well try and enjoy your EVENING :]
Well... It's only a matter of pressing the signin button because all my usernames and passwords are there but still, it's annoying! 
I'm running around in circles and jumping up and down. Well, maybe not really but I seriously want to, but then I won't be acting my age. 
@Jenty  I must admit that I would be too fearful walking through there....and then probably upset by what I saw. Well done 2 u!
I gotta peg out the washing (N) Ah Well, I have nothing else to do today anyway 
@brykins awww close but no cigar ay? Well I shall have to try harder. Why can't I see your picture? 
Well it's the wifes B-day, daughters gym meet, hot rod cruise, and I have work on the boat... 
Well its turned a bit dull here now 
Well I'm bummed! No pallets today 
@alithealien Well, I was looking forward to reading it in the morning too... so will have to raise it as an issue... 
@jenscloset  Well, I feel better.....I thought I was the queen of thread killers. I've killed every thread in which I commented. 
DAMMIT! Just woke up from the best dream ever!!! I'm now angry and sad  . What happen in it you ask? Well @MyNameIsIngrid was at my house!
Well I decided to stay in the house... and I'm aout to go get in the bed 
Well, today is my birthday...now at 28 years old...it's worth.. 
Well im in starbucks right now with pitz, he is working a lot, im so bored 
Well it's time for me to get off now  i'll talk to you all tommorow! have a great night!
Well folks, it's time to hit up work. mondayitis hard  oh well hopefully it's quiet
Well i studied and ate pancakes now im freaking tired but i have more work to review now 
Well I painted most of the kitchen except the part near the top of the ceiling I like the blue I did not cook anything for dinner tonite 
Well another stressful and boring ugly day 
@zincink Well there goes my banner right down the toilet... 
Well, apparently I forgot that I'm out of melatonin...I'm probably gonna fall asleep at sunrise.  
Aww that hurt Whateverz, i'm not crying. Well Anywayz, goodnight. I have to learn tomorrow. 
Why isn't there geopo java api  Well, I'll implement. But, the other language implementations have waste.
@struggle Well fix it!  We just finished the last season (is six in one day too much?) and now I can't talk to you about it 
@sh3lly85 aww.  Well, I'll let you know if I'll be heading there on a weekday then. I think you'll know which photo is mine, if ever. hihi
Well I'm up n off to ga to take my lil girl back  to mom
@BossLadyWhite29 Your resigning your position?? You're leaving twitter?? How come?? Well you'll be missed by me babes. 
@thatDJmoey Well I was hoping for a bit of fallout 3... but mine is still broken  so a nice day of relaxing I think is in order!
@jicasiano Well, I am mature, but I also thrive on the physical connection. I've had a long distance relationship before &amp; it wasn't fun 
Well I've been soooooooo busy doing uni work ive had no time to come on here 
Is it possible to kill a pigslothregular flu with alcohol? Well, I'll play guinea pig. I'm getting quite tired of the hot/cold/hot thing. 
Well that was fun I'm stuffed and bored at home with no computer 
@janieo  Well, at least your home now! We had a lazy day here... Hopefully will be even lazier tomorrow!
@jmarkiz Well, you don't look like a trekkie, you don't act like a trekkie, and thankfully you don't smell like one either. So I assumed 
Well today was a waste, hopefully tomorrow after work will be better. Wish I didn't have to work tomorrow 
just woke up. Well, it is not precise to say &quot;woke up&quot;, because waking up is determined by sleeping. And I did not sleep at all. 
Well,that last link didn't work,try again 
I've messed up my weekend rhythm. I think I've grown old. Well I guess this means I've actually have time to for study today. 
Well last night was my turn to be up all night throwing up...damn kids and their bugs 
Well the forums worked for like erm 15  mins... 
Well this isnt the best way to start mothers day  in bed with phone mp3 and ds night every1
@twigletcaz Well economically, yes  It runs still, but got stuck halfway up a hill this morning and the car just said 'no further'.
its my first mothers day!!!! Well time to get ready to go to work  boo
Well, I can't lay in bed with my crackberry any longer. I guess I'll get moving.  
Well done kerry with your last show. You will be missed. 
Well we done checked out  but now we r gettin sum yummyful breakfast, bring on the omelette!!
Well scratch that... the restaurant we were going to is closed 
@invalid_reality awwww  Well at least you spent a good deal of time on the phone with her.
Well, mmmm, yes today i'm happy, but i need to study , not is a problem, buut... 
@PadresMLB Well,it was a good start to the season anyway...reality always sets in,unfortunately. 
Well, they are - I have to be somewhere else that day 
Well gosh darn it, I completely forgot about my guild's Naxx run last night.    #WoW
@NickPennell Well yeh thats what i was game for!And i got all ready to go...However, the bus doesnt run late enought for me to get home 
@mclamb4life2 I went there for work experience, LOL. Well it was lovely talking to you ;) I have school soon  I hope we can talk later! 
Well yea for their new album....after bndpd though.....mayb.......awwww nxt year! 
48h sans dormir  48h witout sleeping. Well then i ping !
My sister just took my laptop charger. Well actually it's hers, I don't know where mine is... I guess I'm off the computer for the night 
Well, got a proggie... I wonder how long it will take to recover around 700gb of stuff...  -- I hope this works.
Well, off goes the beard it seems. 
@semicaustic Well that's no fun 
@MorganHug :  aw. dateless to prom? Well at least you are going, I never went to prom. myspace me?  myspace.com/joshuadanger
@frozen85 Well, my mine never *had* homework......... 
@tygmiller singapore... Well, I have some but dun feel like asking them... Heehee.. @jeszlee I wish you are here... 
@icemanfan That's so strange... I couldn't even find your page. Well, I'm glad you're ok! I'm fine, apart from having a bad cold. 
Well I've lost my last job due to reductions  I am a young guy who just wants to do what he does best - programming...
@petitchatperdu Well it was inevitable. They always deleted my panty adverts 
@sunnydeefan3 ....... Well I was talking to myself for like 25 minutes :shrugs:  ...... 
@erincollins Well, crud.  I really won't be able to help y'all move.  I will be visiting my grandma.  
Well i almost remembered my glasses  forgot them in the car.
@liaponni Well, fine! I'm still burrito-less and feeling left out. 
Here it is... my 3000th update. &amp; I wanted it to be special  Well, maybe next time -)
@thisisbree Well that sucks toots. I'm sorry  I hope you feel better really soon.
Well, I guess I will go back to bed or whatever. What a pooey night. 
Well that was the worst happy ending of prison break ever. 
Well wow is officially on hold now! Just burnt my sausages though 
Morning Twits! I didn't say 'Good' cos it's a crap day ( raining again) if your U.K. based. Well it is where I am anyway. 
@what_tha you're not going! Well, you're just going to miss out aren't you 
Well wow is officially on hold now! Just burnt my sausages though  - Well wow is officially on hold now! Just bur... http://bit.ly/4sRql
Well gutted that I was 3marks off an A on my media cwk !!! grr.. 
Well, i've got the cold everyone 
@donhenrie Well pooh. I watched that channel almost all day, yet missed it 
Well I should start studying for wednesday's exam 
Well for now super glue will just have to work. my glasses place isnt opened on sunday nor are any others in bg 
@CASSANDRAPANTS me toooo  you're going to have the besttt time! I want a play by play down to the minute!! Well the hour at least
Well i'm sol on the off ramp of exit 104 in morganton. I think i have water in my tank.  waiting for my uncle to get here.
@priscillarenea I can't see anything.  Well I see a picture. 
Well, my panic attacks are back 
Well there goes my high on life attitude 
@ Home now and no ones here  off @ tennis practice I guess.  Well time to get dinner going.
Well just tried to sort one site's problem - no luck.  boo.
@ananyah Well you gotta do what you gotta do!  It'll make you feel better! Or some mouthwash.
Well that exam blew! Why did I add depreciation?! I need a coffee 
@NamastexD Well.. sadly, I guess that means I'm mostly out of this arg 
I'm siiick  Well at least no school today xD
@wendy_fred6  Well the rain did get here.. Its pooring 
@ShayyyG it started off slow?  Well I hope the rest of your day is as beautiful as you are ;)
@loweryc Well, the trouble started when it was expensive/hard to get cooking mats at lower levels. 
@mommakiss Well started brewing coffee here at work @ 5:45 been through about 5 now... damn office asshats don't know how to make any. 
@athanaelucev Thanks so much Athanae!  Well, you can go in my place then!
Watching my laptop go up in puffs of smoke. I guess it won't boot anylonger   Well, at least it didn't set my house on fire.
Well, now I offically know how to put the chain back on my bike.  10 minute 'penalty' at the tri!  
@alerizchang - Well im back now! HAHA im just not sure if youre there pa 
@preussenfied: Well, masih ada exam dari sekolah 
Well my weekend starts today but have no plans 
@seakats Well, thank you. She had a &quot;vision&quot; in her mind of how tonight should go down, but didn't share it w/me till the last minute.  
@6vickie6 Well, at this rate i won't get it all anyway 
Well I've cleaned the kitchen,mopped up cat pee (I hate that cat),and just picked up dog mess from the garden, now to start on lounge 
Well, bags of fun I'm going to have burning this lot off tonight    http://yfrog.com/0umftj
@melankolyme Well, it's a combo of allergies &amp; old age - this will be 3rd vet looking for relief 
Well no more internet at work for me  the end of a era...
Well, I searched everyone for my son's missing gecko, and I just can't find it. I'm sure my cats will though. 
@paulshadwell Well I've still unable to start it and now I have a disc stuck in the drive so I'm having lots of issues 
@scouser55 Nothing, I'm dieting  Well actually I just ate about a million grapes, but nothing exciting.
Well that blows  virginmobile charges me for getting txt messages even when my phone is off 
@HappyHotelier Well, having eliminated cache we still face problems with currencies &amp; various data formats suppliers provide us with 
@tnicholson: Well, we'll see if my wife can loosen the ball and chain long enough for me to get out and shoot 
Ever had one of those nights that are so horrible, it will linger the next morning!? Well this is one of those days! 
writing an 8 page paper that i just started. Well, after I read the 8 articles.........  
Well, the living room is clean. Now for the kitchen 
Well I have heard if the other two movies but have not yet seen them either LOL I fail at movie watchin 
@Johnnymatthew55 oh. Well yes we have zero period tomorrow. 
Well THIS is comforting   http://bit.ly/4hwx9N
@fhitria  Well, im trying 2 win a contest...But, if i dont..No, i wont be going, @ all. 
@VioletKanian  that sucks.  Well, hope ya feel better!
Well THIS morning... didn't notice how late it was... sheesh 
@SixTimesBlue Well crap  What's the point of them then?
Well the spa and hotel are picked.....now we just need the money 
@ciaraj13 Well, I was almost going to ask someone, but then I think they got asked or they asked someone before I could 
@onscrn Ahh.  ... Well, I was hoping that I could learn some stuff on the way. ... Why not you and I work on separate things but also
Well I'm going to try and sleep now I have to be at work at 9 tomorrow  and then the weekend starts!!!!  http://myloc.me/1XTs
Thanks those who have clicked :p Well I think I did something wrong, it's still at 0 visitor, 0%.. maybe I need to reinstall everything 
@streetkingpin Well my battery just needed a jump...and now I gotta pay extra to get my nail fixed 
Well that was an interesting attempt at the commute to work... didn't exactly plan to end up where I did though...great 
Well friends i think today is just gonna be one of those days........a work day 
Well can ya please send some luvin to @JonathanrKnight   im sensing deep fiery anger surrounding his presence right now...
Well, my dog still isn't at the shelter. I hope someone good has him 
@Dynonugget Well, I'll have lemon and ranch for you. Not for me, though. 
@christa42 you mean the post concert blues ;) *lol*  Well, I soooo know what you mean ... 
Well on a normal day I'd already be done with work...Unfortunately this is not a normal day. Which means I'll be in the office till late. 
Well poop, my guitar lesson was canceled today  I'm so sad. I hope his son feels better soon tho.
Well done doing blood work..its hot out again 
Twenty20 cricket, beer and sunshine very good. Well apart from the beer cause i'm on tablets! 
@jennhoots Well let's be blessed together then too! Yes, I feel better, but I would be sick again though if my little was spared. 
@MovieTFan: Well that is just completely lame. I'm sorry dude. 
Well. The jag just took a shit on my way home from training  I hope it's just the alternator.
Well, my aunts dog died. I understand how devastated she is. I'll probably head over there soon for support 
I think that mowing the lawn should not be allowed to be done by teenagers. It sucks! Well off to mow. 
Well, of course the envelope I have for the book I need to mail is too small...if it had fit....what fun would that be. 
@Dorkus_ Well their not gonna fit her in with this big long advertisement 
I feel like last night was a dream... Well I guess I should say nightmare. 
I always feel sickly when I wake up.  Well got a busy day ahead of me! Yippeee
@cla_alfradique No fun   Well hopefully you don't have much more to go...
@chelseychapman that's a long time ! Well then txt me !  xx
Well, I effed the iphone.  It was nice knowing you 
Well it sounds like sum kids with matches lit sum grass on fire 
Well, it's very hot out. And i want to listen to lines,vines,and trying times!! 
Well, I made the list look better, but I can't do anything about the number pictures, since I already closed that tab. 
Well this is just lovely.  I am completely flattened by a back injury.  There goes the weekend.  
Well, another family was chosen for the child we interviewed for  back to looking for another kid
@JeremyitsmySwag Well I got a skirt... nothing big  The mall was a bust.
@KathrynKinney Well shit. There goes my one chance at redemption... 
@peter_shire Well the lava lamp finally gave up the ghost today 
Well i am back in saint george and all ready bored. 
Well headed to a hotel...so tired of being a home owner. No xbl for me tonight  sucks ass damn
@Huneychild @dlhj0603 Well, isn't it that time of year again? 
Well, trams are too cool for me, apparently. Sure, just roll right past, i'm not waiting to get on... 
Oh. Well than thats understandable, specially since my face resembles a hot dog, and it misses you too. 
Well sry i dnt remember good 
Hynriethreatts: cutie? Really?lol! Well, I hope ur happy about this stupid game! 
Well my goal wuz 100 new followers today...so far im only at 42 :/ i need a miracle to get 58 by midnight 
Well I feel like vomiting. And it's from being so damn nervous. I don't want to hurt anyone  I just want everyone to be happy..can't do it
@ILUVNKOTB Well I was drunk a little while ago. I'm a bit more calm now. Sucks you have to work tomorrow!!! 
Well, my hard drive has decided to eat itself.  Or something.  Now I must rely on other people's computers.  Am very sad 
@bryancheung Well you were just like o rly when i said i'm not gonna have sex... so it sounded like you think i am a whore! 
@sashraf Well that just makes me feel bad  sorry guys.
Well its the end of my day... and I gotta work tomorrow.  so goodnite!
@dannygokey that is just dumb, how could they do that to u twice! Well sorry about that!  good luck with everything!!
Well, i slept for 18 half hours and got my bank statement before my parents... Wow life is good. Now, if only i didnt have about 15 bites 
What is it like 6 in the morning? Well it doesn't matter. I can't sleep at all. 
@ceggs  Oooh ! Wish I knew how ! I have loads of ideas for films, but can't write tosave my life ! Ah ! Well ! 
@uncouthamerican Well I'm staring out over a car park. I have no garden.  I HAVE NOTHING wahhhhhhhhhhh
@SilverxRiot Well my teachers are not exactly what you call merciful, but our holidays ain't holidays at all, now 
@priorfatgirl Well besides the fact that I shouldn't really be eating it b/c it isn't healthy, ahha... the service &amp; quality is B A D. 
Well this is gonna b wierd. 
Well I know some of those are me. Hurts.  I hope the naked part wasn't me??
@SohamMondal Well kindda fillers.. saw the 11th today.. a new justsu made on the spot by naruto and gamatasu.. they arnt that gud 
@ashleyymiller Well we dont have any haha, yano its not normally sunny over here ahha and plus i didnt think id get burnt soo bad  ahah xo
Who lied to me? Who said that he wouldn't fall in love and has a new girlfriend now? Well, obviously, it isn't me... 
@lazalonso  Well looks like you got your lakers win 
Well, our insurance doesn't pay for weight loss surgery. I guess they'd rather risk having to pay 4 a heart attack or diabetes treatment. 
Well the drywall finisher is sick so no progress today. 
Well people I have to go  bye twitter people &lt;3
Well so far no takers on the new city forums  oh well I tried
Well the Nuggets lost, blah. No matter what happens I guess we all have to tolerate the lakers in the finals...again 
Reading a book on the couch on a rainy day... It don't git no betta! Well, if I had a beer it WOULD be better 
@nueva_voz oh I getcha, you liked him back, that's cool then. Well, obvy not cool that his daughter fired you tho 
Well the cruise suitcase is officially unpacked...guess that means the trip is offically over  LOL!
Well it looks like I'll have to choose my 13 least fave's to leave out but that's like asking me to choose 13 of my kids to leave behind. 
Well, i feel like a failure. my little bro wants to kill himeslf cuz of me. like, he said that. he's six. 
Well, the last night of the musical = 
Well, finally got to the room. Looks like the cake was a lie. And by cake I mean free wireless. There is no wireless. Wires suck. 
Well floors will get 99.9% done, but now someone needs to come over to fix a gas valve to my fireplace.    But hey the sun is still out!
Well I've achieved one of my numerous things to do this weekend, need to create a list, and from looking at my taxes, I need to do filing 
@pmgreco Ah man... Well ain't that a kick in the head... ok, strike 1. 
Well that's the end of another jarsey odyssey...  don't want it to end but glad to be heading back to hove friends and cricket
Well best go to bed now, plenty revision in the morning  night all x
@Kayteaface you mean you haven't watched s4 or 5?  Well the finale of s5 was shocking, and s3 finale was kinda sad 
Well bye. I'll be living in hell for a little bit. 
Well done diversity ,, sunburn   ,, flamingo land was ace! ,,
Well up for a bit of superbadness but will just fall asleep 
People always ask how you can miss something you never had. Well, it's pretty easy. I miss someone I never had and its kinda depressing 
Well think im gona go, goin to camalot tomorow, last time i went it was full ov chavvs  bye bye ly's xxxx
@cynthia92054 Well, that's not cool either 
@katherynpeace thanks... Well those squares are cute pics u can't see 
@TrueVisionDubbz Well dang yea I can understand the mood now..... 
Well, that sucked. We had to leave at the end of the 6th, and the Royals promptly imploded.  I had a good time at the game, though.
Well nothing there at hot topic for about 2 hours and i won nothing so sad 
Well we had a good run, maybe next year. 
Well no lebron and kobe  oh well...
Well I tried acrylic nails...then one was cracked another was fallin off, so ya I took them all off &amp; def just got them on today  aw well
@seppo0010 Well, this would be the 2nd time I've proposed. The first one said yes, and the relationship fell apart! 
Well its stupid o'clock and we're off to the airport,again 
Well, I would have loved to enter the giveaways but I can't get into any of the sites it seems.   #mmwanted
@ditBOMB Well the 30th, they went to Essos, I didn't go because my car is broke and I'm sad and I didn't have a dress to wear.  I feel bad
Well, @superjuno was clearly unhappy about being left in her crate a good chunk of the day despite the long trip to the dogpark. 
@lancearmstrong  Well, if you keep tugging on them every time you pass by, you're wasting water 
Well, time for a shower, put on the shorts and start clearing the back 40... 
I think my appendix is hurting? Well, something hurts. 
@xxnissa Well, I truly love her, but someday I know she will find someone, and I can't let her be single forever. Even though it hurts 
The great spring clean is over! Well, for another year at least! 
@alasdairrr Well I'm envious of your lie in, but reassured that you're losing your day to computers as well as me. 
Well the carboot was massive but there was nothing that interested me. 
Well, I'm just getting ready for a 4 hour drive, on my day off, in scorching heat in a car that is going to break down at any minute. 
@kevinayP Well...it kinda works. But there's the spam problem. 
My last exam for tomorrow is history. So hard.. So gonna fail  but I'm trying.. Well,study hard!
Well nothings happened yet. Is that because everyone else is out enjoying the sun?  I'm at home with a poorly boy covered in spots. 
Well, because my bedroom smells bad (idk y..) so i sleep in the guest room tonight. 
Well my dog alerted on a visitor today.  No finds, though 
they say silence is golden. Well not if you're hoping someone will text you. 
@cocoprincess7 Well, my brother pushed me into a wall and I bashed my big toe when he pushed me and it really hurts 
Well I think the movies for me are gonna be a bust today 
Well at least I got an hour in the sun before it starts storming 
just finished washing my car......am now officially knackered! Well it is a 7 seater 
Well rats, the thunderboomers are starting much earlier then yesterday 
@SportsIdentity Well apparently there's a glitch today...I tried to change my background image but it won't let me!  
Well it's time to go home, and say bye to vacation 
@Teradoll Well that's good. I think our government is bent on taxing everything that comes from other countries 
@_emmajane_ awww dear me  Well, I'd give you some if I could! 
@designerbrent Well, I needed a day off and I'm not getting it.  haha. I say &quot;yes&quot; to doing too many outside projects!
I'm phoneless  Well, I'm not, but my phone is being repaired and I have a 'loan phone' instead.
@mexicanablanca Well, it's not on the study guide, so i'll have to say no.  It's a shame, too, cause I do love my empirical formulas! 
@BlameChynna Well crap  I can't find the link to complain... but then I'm really tired. So I'll try to find it tomorrow lol night hun!
Well, that formula didn't work. He's got a tummy ache and is spitting up more than usual.  so sad to see him upset
Well I've now got a sick boyfriend!  not good! bed soon to comfort him i think! xxx
Well time to clean up  ttyl
Well so much for those plans. At my parents waiting for my dad to take my mom to the hospital. 
@lightlysalted22 Well i hurt myself in the same area awhile ago but today i went down and sprained it again  its my lower back
Well all good things must come to an end. 
Well, my kitty deal fell through and I found out I need a new heat/air unit..there goes all my extra dough 
Well I miss my friend  today was very boring except Ashee's thing
@MAKAEL86 for me is 22 days can't wait... Well I'm not front row like you! 
Well girls, I think my time has come for me to go  I still have to straighten my hair and be up by 9, wish me luck 
Well something I ate yesterday isn't agreeing with me - woke up in early hours with stomach cramps and they are refusing to go away 
Well good morning to you all....I thought I was gonna be rich this morning but the news from my shares were not as good as I expected 
Well.....no one wants to tweet with me so i guess ill continue working...my 1st time on here and......nothing 
Well this is crap in work and it stunning outside bugger  http://myloc.me/2gla
Well @jQueryHowto @danwellman that could be much clearer in the docs 
is unable to sleep. Well...it's not through not being tired, it's because my wife snores 
Well everything is frozen   so cereal it is
Well ladies, need to get ready for work, crap! 
Going to school!   Well it's not that bad, at least Finals are over!  
@tabitca They had the chicks days ago  Well, two of them. I HOPE the others fledged. No sign now and nest abandoned. This probably a swan!
@eckii1994 Well, I haven't sent out query letters. I don't even know if lit agents even exist in the Philippines anymore 
@SusieCreagh  Well it's the only equation of that type that I can't do. I'll just leave it til maths tutes.
@viltsukas It's not cute, but thanks for the compliment!  Well I hate them, they're ruining their own life you know 
Well this was a huge freaking bust. I wish i had just stayed asleep. 
Well this was a huge freaking bust. I wish i had just stayed asleep.  http://tinyurl.com/mc7ncw
@laylakayleigh You've got a man?! Well there go all my hopes and dreams 
@LadyDragonfly78 Well thats sad to hear....!  I hope it isnt that bad....! Anything to cheer you up...?
@ermau Well but I have to do this on EACH restart  Is there no permanent fix?
@CheriePie Well, that blows  I'm sure you'll get another buyer... sucks though.
Well on my way to work! It's yucky and rainy out 
@PRodriguezBass Well, I'm glad your plane arrived at destination... That's not the case of every planes to night... 
@iowahawkeyes Well it is the weekend of a football game  so I doubr you would want to present or attend?  But let me know #IowaTasmic
Well waiting at the eye doc... I think I may have scrayched my cornia some how... I guess we will find out soon... 
@shiningCHER Well im @ wrk office is crazy mami home sick! 
i have a wall of dirty casks that need washing. Well, i suppose thats tomorrow sorted then 
@strawbrykiwi Well shit, I'm sorry.  *hugs*
 Well im sorry gosh! But let me tell you im mad at everyone of the people that i went with yesterday!
Well paying the toll did make our lives about 50 times easier - I think we should go get a quest now - The great woods scare me 
Well, eating did NOT help as it seems... and another 4.5 hours till I can go home. 
@samplingia I think so too.......too bad  that would have been fun!  Well, off to lunch! I'll call you later..you at home?
Well ppl its almost 10am vegas x and i guess i better get to  moving have to get groceries  im so dreading that..lol
Well, I'm still sick and I leave for #E3 in three hours... great. 
Well, I messed up my ankle yesterday riding my bike. 
@mykimmykim Well now we're trying to add me to the lease, in which case I hope that helps. If we can't we're facked. 
@anastaciakayray    That stinks!  Well hopefully you'll get better from you're womanly stuff including hip pain  
@xcarliex Well it cuts off just before the &quot;walk oooon&quot; bit at the end 
Well a wrench got thrown into my day...I didn't get as much stuff done as I wanted to 
Well at least I had a great day! But it's over... So goodnight! 
@floraisadora Well crap!  I believed you were the walrus.  
I just saw my fave senior for the last time.  Well, one of my two faves, but the other's only going to college an hour away.
@JenMartin1 Aww.    Well, at least you have one of the little ones with you today.
Well - I'm heading to the gym now. It's not as much fun yet with the stitches still poking me. 
Well our bunny is sick again  high fever, panting and way to snuggly.
Well my boy friend had to go to work so no lake 
@AmoreSempre Well if it helps... my new tan came at a price... it hurts! 
@Jordayn7 Well damn... coulda brought to the movies. 
Wow 20 days...... Well I can't blame me for not having interwebz      
So how bout I got sick on my flight and I'm feeling even worst now smh! Well, I'm heading home to the shower and then my bed!! 
Well....we lost one of our stronger clients today...my client!  I'm NOW a little worried. 
Well, selective twitter was working for about a minute on facebook... now, not so much. it's 2 late for this.      #fb
Well my phones about to die...  no more tweets untill later.
Well... looks like the comic will most likely not be up until midday tomorrow 
Ugh my bb.. Is gettin on my nerves been actin up eversince got it..  I needa get a new 1 n soon ;/  Well nites twittz off 2 zzzz land...
Well boo to all tht against whiskey's  guess I'll b goin alone
Well today I went up to tafe to find out if I can do any courses for the moment &amp; as I thought there are none 
Well, g2g now  got a phyc appoint. bullucks, cnat stand them, well twitterers I give each and ever1 of u a hug xD xx #scarlettomcflylogo
@kaizebarcalipso maw  Well hey you've almost knocked one day over already!
@dolcechic oh no!!!  Well, I will keep you and your family in my prayers!! Hopefully she was wrong about that!
Well I made it home! I'm not gonna be able to hear for about 3 days. 
Well thats another f*** up in the list of F*** up's i have created for today  sorry
Well read that book in one day &amp; also BAWLED my eyes out.. I've shed tears before while reading &amp; this was straight out bawling 
@Lopsi Well maybe you don't tweet as much... but wait until you're home again and bored with me 
Well got to take a shower and get ready for work 
Well, german final today  I hope I do well on it. Haha blahhh I can't wait for school to end!!! http://twitpic.com/6gic9
@angelmagno Well, yea. But the sidekick is waaay  better! ) I like sliding phones. 
Well, I'm watching the TV at this moment ;) But, I not find my favourite program. :S 
argh, even when I try I can't go to sleep before 6 now  Well, tonight wasn't one of the nights in which I was trying...
Well I had to take my sidekick's battery out, but that meant I lost my device text messages.  I wish I knew how to get them back.
Well sort of got rained on this mornin.. 
Well that was a waste. 15 minutes in class. Now hour and half wait til business stats. 
Well, the weather is improving os no thunder todad  . Just got a mail from mu historyteacher saying that i have passed the course. YaY!!
Well I'm hella bored here!! and I hate that school is just a week away 
@LiverpoolMich Well whoever it is, hope they realise what they're doing soon 
I wish my skin would behave itself. I feel like a teenager again. Well..it was good when I was a kid...  :/ 
Well i have officially failed my geography exam..better get choosing a different subject to take at A-level! 
Well the hot chick at work gave the manager the middle finger response. An quit. She's punkrock, i'll miss her 
@nena324 haha! Well way to make me feel good 
Well...guess it was meant for me to be single at this moment...guess u'll never understabd how I truly feel about u 
@suzie_single that's amazing. Well done. How much longer are you doing it for?  I have emails etc to reply to, boring stuff. 
@SamuelHorler Well I haven't started as the history cd isn't working for me 
Well, is everyone saying I should scrap this or something? 
'I'm so 2008, your so 2000' and late. Well glad to see that the lyrical quality of music is on the up and up 
Well crap mental comes on tonight too   JustJeff
Y'all know how I say that I hate early mornings?! Well, it's going to be an early morning tomorrow for me 
Ah jeez, way to dream of all the ppl messing me up rite now! Seems my subconcious isnt ready to let go! Well eff u subby! 
Well i'm turning in early tonight because I have to work again tomorrow at 9a.m. 
Well I was losted all day with my phone gone dead &amp; no charger.  Now that I've charged it, it lives, but I'm still lost! lol
Well, didn't get anything for the past 3 weeks. AND I did not get anything 
@ShannonRenee Well darn 
omg. I haven't been on here in ages  Well, I'm starting to come back slowly but surely. ;3
Well @stylekid it's 30 degrees in our bedroom...not so easy to sleep here 
@oliviamunn Well now you're expecting it. So... it's gonna take a while. 
Morning. Well it's d day ...  wish me luck...
Well time for bed i have to wake up in less then 8 hours  
Well I would like to go to sleep but my caffeine injected body won't let me. 
Well I think I might try to go to bed again... my husband has stopped texting for the time being...   miss himm to death...
Well, finally moved - no broadband at home for a while though 
@a_masters oh man. Well I got the impression it was 
@sqpants Don't worry. Well have to file a missings persons report very soon 
Just ate an ice cream -again! *guilts -That's 3 days straight! Well, hello fats 
Well I guess its off to school now 
Well I guess I have to leave for school now   I hope everyone has a good day! 
@trickyxian Well I mean, you choose what you do at work and the navigation of the screen is difficult and there too many choices!  
@aliciacurtis great work - go girl! Well done. I would join but sometimes there are disadvantages of being nearly 50 
@IsabelleRibeiro Well, I didn't really mean I was &quot;having a life&quot;. I was still inside the studio painting  I was being &quot;work productive&quot;
I have nothinggg to wear  I need clothes. Well actually I need a job to buy those clothes :/
good mornin twitter! Kids are gone overnight and I dont know what to do with myself.  Well I do have homework to do..... 
Well, a good friend of mine may be having a heart attack.  
@MrsNewlywed ah you could kick my bum I am the chicslacker compared to you.  . Well we should do one together. I need someone to pace
Well looks like I'm waiting another week before my new job start  I just hope their this slow with the contract end date ;)
Last day of E3, wish I was there!  Well have fun and enjoy it while it lasts or not, I'm not holding a gun to your head. #E3
Well, work is nearly out... but I'm working all evening  Ah well, thus is life. If you love you're job, you'll work whenever.
@Austinslide Well I want you to know it was because you put the fear of god into me that you would unfollow... I only have 82 followers 
Well they've canceled the opening ceremony! At least common sense has prevailed but thanks a lot stupid bloody weather!! 
@NeilDaniels Well, most of upper level math is done by hand. You don't really need a calculator for calc, and everything else is a proof. 
Well, I thought I was going to the movies with my son, but he stood me up and went to his girlfriend's house instead. 
No golf tournament tomorrow..  Well still going to the beach which is a good 2nd!
@xoloveyou Well of course, but only a fraction of my friends use gmail 
My dog can hardly walk. Well he can't get up at the moment 
Well f*ck there seems to be no resurrecting the TV in the living room....... 
Well @loveFIDELITY just informed me that she turned her mobile device updates for me off 
@xsavedgex Well! you dont have to answer butt!! why is there never meet and greets at your uk concerts  its depressing!
Well at least it stopped raining in enough time to get the hair did 
@vegasjeff Well, there goes my fantasy about you, not a tae kwon do master 
Well I better get back to work, breaks over!  
Well my best friend is graduating from high school today 
Well fair enough pain killer's effect is out  I guess doctor's requests are made to be obeyed then...run home to volteren silly abdo
@kboudit oh she will. She said she has to be prepared for her concerts. Well good luck to you! I hope you don't crack like the rest of us 
Well vacation is finally over and have arrived back home. 
@moriagerard Well, my feet hurt too. I had to go to work today. 
@lilsqueaky68 Well pipe dream died out when everyone got married except me...  recently had my heart broken tho so that helps! lol
Well, I'm off to the vid store....I have my little list of suggested movies, so all is good.. I think I need some cough lollies as well 
My sunburn is making me cold... Well actually freezing would be the correct term 
Well the night would go alot better, if I were to be drunk, but unfortunatley I'm not 
Well since no one is around  ..I guess I'll go for a bit..
@Eruvyreth Well, maybe I can say things like &quot;this game is so wicked you can fly and all this&quot; But not like, show you screencaps I take. 
Well bath helped a lil, now I feel like a shiny turd 
Well dreams of a night of passion has died my husband is back 2 having his affair with the couch 
Well, the weather certainly has broken now - just in time for us to pick up our new tent this morning  So much for using it tonight!
Well twitterverse - I have got to be up early tomorrow.    Mornings suck.
@lickmycupcakes Well I picked him up from the airport, then had to work midnite til 8... And now it feels like I have the swine flu... 
KrAZNpimPNAY: Well I ate some jolibee n dad cooked pork chops ... i want jolibees 
@JPSTG Well, I've already got enough saved up.. but I want my world tour 
Well got my morning ritual of the nurses waking me up to checking my vitals and drawing my blood 
Well i thought me and him would date but i guess not cause he hasn't text me in 4 days now.  
@ainajaharah Aw   Well, that's no fun at all.
Well....its daylight and you know what that means...yard work. 
Well am thinking of joining Bannatynes gym .... could do with loosing a few pounds 
@JordanZac HAah Well thts not very nice of ur teachers! We dnt get free periods 
Well...so lov to go out wif my gals but all my money is in my bookbank  don't hv any cash ritenow ... Signnnn
@RyanMarkel Well, this won't make you feel any better, but I haven't slept past 6:30 since my first child was born....nineteen years ago. 
@swedeepea Hoped u got 2 have a fun nite/headache! Well, I guess that's what they were taught, &quot;Here comes lucky!&quot; &amp; round they go! 
Well, shoot got cut short because one of the dogs got cut. They're now at the emergency vet. 
@kristianc Well it was a long day and I became very hungry and spent most of my time getting home in the rain  lol
Well no one has come up with any exciting ideas for me to do this afternoon 
@Masterface Damnit!  Well, as long as 'evil villain' provides stimulating work and consistent medical coverage, I can work with that.
Well I suppose I had better go and do some more work on my sec status.   #eveonline
@nikkimm33 so sorry  Well, hopefully you can make it a bacon fueled lunch.
Well, I just punched a wall until my knuckles bled. I don't like being yelled at first thing in the morning. 
@gashead @TopTapas: @HubUK Well food samples don't work 
@kidnapdavey Aw! Well I guess we can be sleep deprived together. Lol I woke up at 7  gr! How have you been mister?
@emi_boo you didn't even say good-bye to me.  Well I'm truely going to miss u and the joy you bring. B safe!
Well imagine that: I slept in and missed swimming this morning. I'm not even at home and I think they all left me 
@mudville100 Well, if it is a scam they've got plenty of people's details by now 
Well, apparently I miscalculated and one of my bosses isn't in the financial crunch I told him he was. But the other one still is 
Well damn, it is possible to &quot;burn&quot; food in a slow cooker.  
@Heartnet13 Well, I want like an actual meal but thanks.. now I want oreos too. lol We don't have any. 
Well a pipe busted and now there is water all over the bathroom and travled to the kitchen 
Well thats that soccer is over   team picnic tonight.
Well my plans for tonight have been cancelled  Volunteers, to make me feel better and let me drip hot candle wax on them....?
@Doodiedust Well that's just rude! I've been driving round a lot so maybe I bypassed all the rain. It's all dark clouds now though 
Well, my comp hard drive is fried  I'm going to order a new one today
http://twitpic.com/6s12g - The gang's all here... Well no, there are quite a few missing  But u know what we mean!
Well leaving the beach and headed back to town. 
@wadcorp Well, I can load in wines that are already on the website.  I have a wine that isn't in the database...there's the problem.  
@Mezzie1221 ah.  hmm.......... Well lets go to walmart on monday and take a look.
@biz Well that few hours of total isolation, inside a plane, has also been snatched away 
I feel hated....No one ever talks to me  Well then...
Depressed for no reason what so ever. Well, there is a reason actually. 
Well, that was interesting. I'm gonna try to find something to do tonight... at home... by myself... 
@cheeky_sassy Well its better than the toliet... Actually I have done that before too 
@ali1733 awwww. Well maybe since you talked about it now its ruined!  come to belmont. You're not too old! You're 26!!! Its june 17th
Well its program time but i dont think anyone is gonna show up 
@gaykitten Well, we definitely need to have composition skills, but I'm not sure what kind of wacky approach your prof is taking. 
@PhaTrak *sigh*  Well I'm just gonna do what u said and be patient......*so hard for me*
Well me and ross just had to get a few things and it was close. 
@MaggieConv  uh oh! Well, try to get better.  Also, try to put little index cards with meaningful phrases, recite it when you see them....
Well, it was more of a nervous laugh....damn, i keep screwing up tonight, huh?  @JGDemas
Well It's bedtime....a long day with a bunch of activities and sunburn.  oh boy.
@EazyEDot Well come baaaaccccckkkkkk 
Well, now the kid is just getting way to damn confusing! 
Well I just walkd in my door. I'm home 
http://twitpic.com/6ta53 Well there's the headband I forgot  my outfit is compleeeeeteeee!!
And it's already sunday  *sighs* Well, good morning/day/evening @ all ;)
@barneybaby ha.. Well you're right.. I also need to stop lying down late at night when I mean to stay up 
@donlemoncnn Well besides soaking in your handsome face, I am not enjoying my weekend due to what I like to call an artistic headache 
@manicsocratic Well since none of us are spider sexers, we'll probably never know. 
Well that's two weeks down with alcohol just another 4 to go 
@alternachic Well, at least you can still use yours. A slipper in my one-year-old pair was destroyed a couple of weeks ago. 
@rellyonsmash really? Well I don't got new iPhone money  but this bitch be dyin too much! Hopefully they got some mms on that new joint!
Well ambers gone downstairs.....o can hear the tv on......suppose that's my cue to get up 
Well I've finished the work I wanted to get done, ending my first ever 70 hour working week   Now housework and packing for my trip home!
Well, I have succeeded in getting my sleep pattern backwards again 
@PrettySprinkles Well, I have 2 kids with eczema, so they have pretty dry skin with that  we have prescription emollients though.
Well, I'm just a bit over halfway  . No gusto
@lacestockings Well it's not *pissing* it down anymore, which is something. But it's a bit meh 
Well, it looks like I'll have to call the vet - kitty #4's paw is not getting any better.  
Well that was a mistake staying up that late! I'm fucking tired as hell now. 
Well, someone was up half the night.  You couldn't sleep?  
@nova937music  Well just imagine them having a horrible time there &amp; it will make you feel so much better
@cuelight Well, technically, school's out for summer for most people, but I have to take summer classes, so my session begins tomorrow. 
@mtbk_tokyo ehh! want the toilet paper pic? be sure you can't use it! Well, maybe you can use it but i prefer not  (should stop here, lol)
Working on a pair of custom topiaries.  A red cardinal is sitting on a branch outside my open window. Well was, it just flew off 
I have conquered my illness! Well I'm not having projectile fluids shoot out of both ends and my fever has subsided. Missed troy's party 
Well I'm all packed up now. Going home soon. 
Well, the apartment smells like the bottom of a lake. And things are warped. But I am most sad about all my playbills getting soaked. 
Aww. I'm sorry   Well I'll say it for him then. He loves you tons. And misses you tons too.
@greggarbo eww traffic school  Well, good luck.
My socks are soaked. That's disgusting. It's only raining when I decided to go on a festival. Well.... the weather bar me from that.. 
Well weeded the garden.....took forever!  tomatos look good though....squash is hurting 
@QueenofScots67 Well it had to be someone, and the &quot;wheel of fortune&quot; stopped on me!  I feel suitably chastised now! 
@fragileheartxx Well my throat hurts still  Don't think I won't be going to school tomorrow =/
Well ive been having a great weekend at the beach, but of course baby k got hurt 
Well . . . I guess im not working today  !awesomest!
Well, at least I know why Lian was so hard to deal with yesterday. He woke up pukey and has been couch/tub-ridden all day. 
@arsenal_fann yaaa. Well you have the..stuff..to record on too. I don't.  fackk!
Well, I'll get a lot done anyway. The TV in my room doesn't work. 
Well that was an extremely weird phone conversation. And I have very little to distract me from it 
@Holly_1211 ooooh so ur headed that way. Well u still is liar.  I had to go to autozone.
Well im off to bed, really need sleep, getting up at 6 in the morning  This was one weekend i will never forget, wish it wasn't over.
Well i was ten minutes late to the alcatraz tour, so i missed the ferry, and i cant make it to any of the other tours. So no pics 
Well it's back to the train for me... No more car 
Well I enjoyed my 3 minute twitter break from hw. Now back 2 work 4 me! 
Well I'm finally back to my own home! bout to once again do op another batch of cupcakes for work! I sho don't feel like it! 
@TimScribbles  Well it's nothing against you. Just the ruggie wasn't the best idea you've had.
My laptop power cord broke  Although I managed to fix it, but not before ordering a replacement. Well, at least now I'll have a spare. #fb
Well that sucked! We should have had it on courtney lee's layup. 
Well congrats to phil jackson ..he'll get his 10th..I still miss m.j.  game will never be the same
@WildSoul - Well I guess under the circumstances people would be willing to try anything. 
@noodles2007 Well I feel like I did.. I told you this only brought drama.. 
Well I hope I don't lose my leg over this whole deal!! 
@SplashTurnTwist Well least it's not hand measles! You got physics in the morning? 
Well, I better go to sleep. I'm sending my baby girl to camp tomorrow 
@she_shines92  I know  Well.. yeah. I mean, you saw me after the show. I've never gotten that emotional in public before.
This is killing me.  Well, two things are. No, three.
Goodmorning! ... Well, bad morning for me... The exams are starting tomorow, so i have to study  grtz
@newsgirlbritt Well I'm still 50/50 about the concert because I have no way getting there and back 
@thinkmilly Well, I wouldn't say that as I don't actually know it's full of cat hair 
I'm going for a world record! Well I'm thinking of going for a world record... No, no I'm not going for a record a al 
@jesscorrie And the friend is finally starting to perk up. Well right now she's sleeping but today got pretty rough for her. 
Well I got in a good 4 hours 
@BREEawNUHH, that I should be doing something? Well I am, I'm going to bed. 
@DevilsRefugee Well done! - you'll have to send me your blueprint as still waiting 
Well its monday and start of another long ass week 
@denishaoktari bzzt who said I have a holiday plan? Well on wednesday I just accompanying mom to the doctor deen. I'm bored as heckk 
@lynchland Well,if you just think of the sort of equipment they use over a period of 4hrs plus force,cutting and pulling,it's no surprise 
@2minutetimelord Well, I have to say somewhat muted on the enthusiasm, so it may be that they are beyond hope 
Well, the long weekend is over....now for the drive back to work 
@ULOVELACE Well, I have the flu and my stomach's killing me and my head's turning and I keep on going to the toilet..  I feel awful
Well he just went back  he should be at hopkins. These people are morans. Ah!
@qlipped hahahaha good morning!! Well if that's really ur location I'm on my way!! Lol j/k that's where I got lost when I went there 
Well waiting for doctor to call me. I am still sick. And mozilla is acting up. 
@DavidArchie awww  Well hope u have a better day!
Well i've got my new computer, but i just dont know what to do with it...its just sitting there in the bedroom...feeling unloved 
Well annoyed my new back light hasn't been delivered.. more bus journeys for me! 
Well time to go back to work  now I'm workin for daycare
@anakairos Well check this out here http://bit.ly/VkGyr  It is a pity I forgot to tell you about it before 
Well he read the messages that I sent him....thats a good thing right??? I hope...idk what to think anymore 
- Well, i'm going to bed now. I'm tired and i have a meeting to go to tomorrow. Sometimes it really sucks to be unemployed. 
@amy_mouse another bad day! O no  Well welcome to the pointless world of twitter... haha
Well I got home early today, I won't be that lucky tomorrow. 
Well today went absolutly not the way it was supposed to 
@tommcfly Well wish i was there to watch you play with the jonas brothers. 
Well... looks like the dog destroyed the one pair of flipflops i had...  they were kinda' expensive too. 
@worshipthedean Well, looking at apartments makes ME sad cause I can't afford ANY of them 
Less than 10 days to make a decision. Well thats gonna be a tough one 
I sooo don't wanna studyy  I'd much rather be at the hot sunny beach getting tanned! Well to hell with this .. It'll be over soon.
Well there goes something else that went wrong 
@1045CHUMFM Awww  Well, its not a bad place to b either,the lineup sounds pretty awesome! Not sure T.O. can handle all that screaming tho!
@nisib oh  Well, hang in there!
Well fun fun I do have dry socket from having my wisdom pulled. So guess it means more pain meds. 
Well, yours are nice anyways 
@marqueemarc Sounds like you joined the party @SethApper after I left. Well, next time I guess. 
Well water sucks, it smells like hard boiled egg farts 
@jenthegingerkid Well, and that's just fine. If it works, cool, if not, move on, right? Makes me want to get book out but cannot find it. 
Well back to another day of sanding 
Well the other team finally got a point 
@denisewheatley Well I'm a jr big girl right ?? And I've never eaten hostess anything 
Well sprained my wrist today...hard to type 
Well today started off good and slowly degraded by the hour 
@Feelslikehome Well one goodie is better than non - I got no packages today - just junk mail 
ohh... and I got a free 60 day trial of microsoft publisher so I finished my project! Well I forgot one thing at school...  almost done
@justcallmarian O, yeah. Well, I guess we won't be getting that business. 
@axixe Well, at least he is talking to you. That idiot still refuses to tell me the secret 
Well this sucks... Have to reinstall osx 
@xingyified I like both lol. Well, I think they'[re more than decent enough anyways. And the nasi lemak is good, but it makes me fat! 
@gretchenmist oh, boo  Well I hope to publish notes from it on the biztips blog the next day, if you're interested!
Well, nobody ate.  screw you transition!
Well things in life are hard.....I'm going to bed! I new it would end this way 
@HauteCowgirl   Well maybe you need to go the chug a lug route.
Well made it home ok but my window was open so my bed is soaked! Hellow living room couch 
@Matticuss Aww  Well I think it's unacceptable when cool people are not doing so awesome, and it is like 2 in the morning and I cant ^^
@frozenfoxfire Well fuck, I don't have my license yet  I guess we're both out of pizza then.
@AngloAm Well - done. I'm recovering from tendonosis of the achilles tendon. No running for me at the moment. 
Well lying down failed..classroom floor was cold and hard and my bag wasn't exactly the worlds most comfortable pillow... Fml 
Well that's that-I am now girlfriendless and home alone until next friday 
@askseesmic Thanks for the followup. Well, restart solves some issues temporarily. I have to restart every hour or so to keep it working 
@oinkd Well uni exams are over tomorrow... last one!! Yay! But, some $$ would be needed first... so i have really no idea! 
Well, i'm awake and it's the last day of my holiday today! i'm not looking forward to work tomorrow after having two weeks off 
http://tinyurl.com/mntpgv - Well that was... expected, I guess. I'm gutted nevertheless 
Well, its 6 am and its time for work 
@JayIzzy19 Well she kept riding past me on her bicycle with her nasty thong hanging out of her fat ass. I was literally dry-heaving. 
@dottibailey Well, you stay with that trainer, girl!  I wish I had 
@twmpyn Well, it's a pretty bad break.  She will need an op - two bones displaced!  The fall didn't look that bad at all at the time.  
@muffinkitty Awww  Well if something comes up, let us know &lt;3
Well looks like its gonna be hot and dry for a while 
Well I have had a nice day off so far, had all my hair cut, and now i have to do some housework  but you can't have fun all the time.
Well, that plan didn't work out: That was only a ten minute shower.  i have a feeling that i will be doing some &quot;anxious cleaning&quot;.
Well good morning tweople time to get up for work 
@annhoff I didn't wear green for either days, I don't own any  Well there's a green jacket but I can't find it!
Well that sucks...guess we don't have more gavin dates 
Well, all the cake is gone. Even the back-up cake, the emergency cake and the possibly-might-be-needed-later cake. 
@BradleyF81 Well, it is what it is now  I won't sell this car anyway, so, I have to live with dents. I'm uploading pics now.. takes time.
Well maybe not so soon, my freakin laptop plug broke so i had to order a new one. 
@ry_dunbar Well results out 2mo...on my bloody birthday  it will either be very good or very bad...
Well last night was a total disaster :/ Yet I'm not shocked. I'm getting quite accustomed to lame dates 
@vino_delectable Well, hanging out with you is causing me to be... more depressed.  Just kidding.
Well I have good news N bad news. The good news is they called my name. The bad news is they dismissed me 
Well life is so confusing and I feel sick to my stomach! I'm dieing obviously because the shot I got last week didn't help 
Well I was babysitter of the month 10 months in a row, but now mom is fixing on taking my title from me. 
@JustJayde Well that's a damn impatient buy can't wait a day or two  maybe they'll change their mind.
@ShaLovesJB Well hers is black and BOKE and yea its tryin to be like mine and it is quite similiar. its gay 
Well we finally listened we are updating morrow. Its a pity its too little too late  some how we will expand on our minimal market share!
Well it was a nice day. Then it rained.   M.
Well, it *was* a nice shade tree. So naked, now.   http://twitpic.com/7l1nc
Well, we took too long so no imax today. And tomake it worse, the day we leave transformers 2 is coming to imax. 
@VintageJen1984 Well, what could have been fairly good comedic scene is just &quot;blah blah blah&quot; because of him! 
@tiffanytu2 aww boo aliens scare me.Well that and lighting storms which I think one is coming.I won't be able to sleep now 
Well, I will write the lyrics on a twitlonger....hope someone reads it 
@Britneezy whyyyyyyyyyyy?  Well what the hell do we get today?
@KalsiG   Well, I guess I could have fun.  But stranger things have happened.  ie.  playing against yourself?
@SluttyHoe Well u had no way of knowing that would happen. Awwww  it will be ok
@BennyFilet wasn't it the funniest movie ever? Well at least up until the end. 
@NolaGets awwww poor baby  Well aleast u learned ur lesson lol
Well just got home from a friends casa was suppose togo to the movies wit @tonymarvel but everything is done... 
Well today ive already discovered that i cant text anyone until i come back from my holidays ! i am gutted. 
Man i can't play maple story anymore, Well till i buy a teleport stone 
Well it's a sunshining day.Meetings, meetings, meetings, so.......no sun for me today 
Well eating breakfast was a waste of time. I just threw it all back up again  I knew today wasn't going to be good!
I miss vegas, and my baby demitri  Well he's not my baby, more like adorable lil cousin  http://twitpic.com/7lyxm
Its raining again , I think im going to give up twitter as I only have two followers , How sad im I .  Well time to do some house work . 
Well 2day will b the last day I wear these linen pants. They don't fit anymore  they r falling off my hips.....
@dragonbirdy ahhhh that be a mushroom. Well sort of! I never know why chef's don't train them properly before going on to the plate 
Well and truly balls that exam up  on the upside no more college 
Well my ipods broken  but i got a parcel :0 lol xD
Well, time to shower and rush to work.  I ended up liking being alone at work... then my boss stuck some girl in there with me.  
Morning pals on my way to take my regent but miss lewinsky so tired   Well everyone have a bless one
Well, I best get my butt in gear and go grocery shopping before it gets to 100 degrees outside.  I hate hot weather!!
Well I'm still a first grade teacher.  
@westwaleswitch Well I have my ear pierced like 9 times, and one of them just came out and started bleeding  x
@nicshields You have ruined my night.  Well done 
Making a giant sims family. Well..I was..until my laptop decided to overheat. 
@thebruce0 Well @justwes said lastnight if we had the pennies, I could go, but when I looked up flights, they were upwards of $450 
newcastle away on a wed night in feb  Well feck u football league fixturesw
Well pissed off I think hannabeths sold her dress  someone must of got there before me, assholes!!! That was my bloody dress!!
Well, back from the doctors.I have a new med regimen and also a few new foods to avoid. Of course those foods include 2 of my favorites. 
@elmofromok  Well no.. especially as lunch was 5 hours ago  Sadly I don't even have fun dinner plans. 
@philwalters Well that's put me off my food 
Well, this child was not meant to be ours  that just means there is another one out there.
Well, there went my good day. Something always has to come along and fuck things up. 
@pj_falkner Well, I work for a construction co and work is limited to my office hours are getting cut back 
Well I showed up for my audition, but...I'm not right for it.    I might just opt out of commercials for a while, out of necessity.
@nessapaige Well at least you got the checkbook back? I know, cold comfort. 
@TrinaWright Well yeah. But my hands have been fused together, rendering the keys more than useless. The key is literally in my pocket 
Well getting ready to go to campmeeting..... blah  I don't want to deal with people right now.... wonder if they will notice my hair.
http://twitpic.com/7nnuw - Well I burn myself 2 days ago..it still hurts 
Well... I'm a coward, so... I won't speak with him... I will only wait if he stays hating me or he changes his mind... I'm so sad... 
Well.. I guess I have more motivation. I need to lose like 26lbs to do a tandem skydive jump.. Not going to happen before my birthday. 
@Loluhbaybee Well tuh! u seemed like it and why arent u answering my aim's 
Well i juz got the update and juz like i said no mms support till later this summer 
@natneagle  Well they don't know what they're missing!!!! I've ordered from GlamourDollEyes &amp; SudnSass cause of your vids.
@ChandraLeigh Well I guess I'll only be seein ya on here then....I dont really use myspace anymore 
Well my 'Monday' sucked, as our guest were indifferent on the food...I guess my food sucked, and not the day.   
Well tomorrow is the big day..my bday! not sure what i am doing except working 
Well, that was the worst softball game I've played in a long time. Yikes. One to forget. 
@AMBulosity awww man!! Well I can't drive mine cuz I only have 3 tires and nobody is tryin to help me get it fixed 
Well time for bed gotta get up early tomorrow 
@EKIEVOLI Well the rest of the band did the same almost as soon as we came out. They didn't even stop to take one picture 
Well...I guess it's time for me 2 go back 2 the real world now...unfortunately   Until 2morrow!
@ryanflynn it was an amazing game! Well, except for the last three minutes when we tied. 
I like the way the bank I've had two mortgages with now thinks I'm an inexperienced first time home buyer. Well, not really. 
Well goodnight world...I've got to go to school tomorrow 
Well, that was an astonishing waste of an evening. 
Well that was a completely disappointing visit. I don't want to meet your on/off girlfriend. I want to see you 
Well after visiting 10 chemists and a fitness center I found 1 set of scales that max out at 120kgs. #fail 
Well, daughter almost made it through her first sleep over, till she woke up to use bthrm and decided she wanted to come home 
Well I am starting to feel better.... got internet back on.  But still no car.....  help help somebody help.
@KangaStu  Well, I wish for you to find the help you need 
Well up for gym and swim this morning, too bad I have no kit yet 
@olivia_15 Awww  Well don't worry, you're not missing much in maths because we don't learn anything. Haha.
Well thanks to the campus being on lock down I can't get into the student center for my show this morning 
@davebirss Well, @timinator heard you earlier - you may need to unfollow and refollow everyone 
@sherylyulin Well that's no fun 
Well that kind of sucks 
Man, It feels good to be home. Now to catch up on all the bills... Well, I was enjoying it. 
i just broke my $1.00 head phones  Well time to get a new pair.
@Soxwriter Well, I sneak in a round of golf here and there, but most afternoons bring thunder storms. Not fun when you can't finish. 
@Suzannanya Well done you, isn't the dentist scary.  I hate it 
@captainfailure Well the party this is year was smaller, last year we got more votes 
Well, off to school in about 40 minutes! 
@JusticeZERO Well thats just mean spirited  I'm up now wanna go to chik fila?
Well, my job is safe (for now) but a lot of sad faces at work today 
@joytron Well they are really awful recordings so I don't have em on line  I will DM you a link!
Well, my parsley is no longer organic! 
@tipp_princess Well there's plenty here 
Well thats the rain on again  stuck in the caravan again
Well I thought I would be released to go  back to work but i was wrong! What a waste of my vacation hours! So sad! 
Well, crap! There's a sticker plastered on my nectarine and I just cut my fingernails.  #fb
@dunchinson Well I would normally but have committed to trying to lose some weight so am off the ale for a while  not sure I can do it!!
@fErNniii Well, I guess he's not so little anymore.  He's the same age as you, I just always forget, he's not my baby bro anymore.  
Well @#$%, anybody got a new graduation subject for me?  http://bit.ly/djvPb
Well I'm an idiot that I didn't see that coming...  maybe today I get my tattoo?
@vaughnchicago Unfortunately I will not be at the #napertweetup; need to study  enjoy the treats from @foiledcupcakes. Well worth the trip
Well i'm done exams.YAY!!!!!! but I don't think i did to good on socail.  wish i did better but at least i got it done so be happy for me!
Well i have to find something interesting to talk about. Lol   Lonelyandroid ):
@addiieee fackkkk... this is so dissapointing.. Well i don't know. is it worth it like at like 5. but that leaves like no time 
Well finally talked 2 my friend david 2day. Suxs that hes goin 2 high school. 
Well im going to bed now the downloading sucked agian tonight think i will wait and do it in elmas or grandads !! stupid slow internet!!! 
@sophievvictoria hah. Well it took about 2 hours to copy from the server to my laptop last night. Then it freaked out this morning 
C.S.I is gone off now   ...Well I guess I can detach myself 4rm the t.v. screen now then. lmao.
Well, since no magic elves or faries came to clean my room while i hung with the fam, i guess i have to clean. 
 !my grandma just told me she thinks I'm stupid. Well, hey thanks, G.
Well I was hoping for an iPhone 3.0 jailbreak before I went to bed but I don't think that's going to happen 
@wrestlingaddict Well at least you had kids, I have no excuse.  LOL #bookieb
@leekt03 lol. Well I'm in route to my dad house.   [Like how I stole your &quot;in route&quot;!?  Lol]
Well I am studying, I'm very tired, and my boyfriend is coming over to take away my dog, yay 
Well my friend cancelled lunch.. she thinks she is sick... all dressed up and no where to go 
Well, summer is here, and I get to spend this summer vacationing and hanging with friends, but spend it oh so lonely like last summer 
@tcollins Well I've go the dual version of that (because thats all you need when 1 monitor is a laptop) and its getting too confused 
@teenhearts Well, I guess the interview won't be for a few days then. 
I miss having someone around who appreciates my sense of humor.    Well, ok, how about tolerates?
Aww   Well, i've only seen about 10 minutes of it and i've already ooh'd and aah'd plenty lol.
@Wildmog9  okay... Well I'm mega excited to see you...
@thedavidallen Well I guess that answered my question about whether your day was any better. 
Well, at least I got hit on by a cute guy tonight.  AND I looked butch...lol  He was shorter than me too.  I didn't get a # though. 
@peterfacinelli Well, more bad news than good news  I hope you locate your fun and.. slow down! hehe &lt;3
Well first day of work tomorrow for 8hours 15 bucks an hour but damn tax 
Well.... it seems the good good mood is now gone... I just yelled at 4 people....  BUT!!! They totally deserved it, and it is almost 5pm.
@frozenblueeyes Well, i guess you're lucky, we are praying for sunshine every day 
@windowbiird correct.  Well, we're not allowed to let our kids at work lay down if they have a head injury.
Well when I say nothing to do I don't include all the housework 
@CasualVillian oh damn! Well then idk what to tell ya. I usually had all my problems on pcs 
@kstar10 Well it seems like you're on top of it then. I'll just sit here and do nothing.  -sniff-
Ovaries suck today too.  they are hurting me! Well atleast the one is
ahah! made jellies without grapes. Well, at least i have something to eat now. I still want apples though. 
@DracoFire87 Well I could be - but I doubt anyone would buy it 
 - Well i wrote a missive post about last night and all the things that happened, it got deleted tho by... http://tumblr.com/x9c238auy
Well @valentinegirl20 says were being grown up by not going to the boston show.   wahhh. I don't wanna grow up!!
@Noifsandsormybs another update already? Well i guess thats good cuz i want 2 see wat jakes up to. I was so sad, he will miss the birth! 
What a weather for midsummer 12 degrees and almost rain. Well everything is thAt it should be then 
Well I dont want a piece of your granola 
And b4 he left, he reminded me that he doesnt need the document until monday. Well, i dont have a date on fri night  so i stayed and f ...
Well, @bendurbubble has landed back in hospital. Home alone tonight. 
Well turning out to be another dull day in sand st, started ok 
Well - just tried to reboot the boiler 15 times.. It failed... sadly our plumber didn't mention the problem until outside warranty 
Well I'm awake already.  They are doing something to the street and I had to move my car. *sigh*
Well, no food or liquid now till after the surgery   *sigh*
OK c'mon you're all my witnesses: was that 100 tweets? Well hopefully this one gets thru but I may be done for a bit 
Well I am off to kill the evil undead japanese soldiers with some random scrubs......wish I had some of my friends on 
@bam_itsliz I know right?! Well I guess some do cause they do reply if they see it but okay  I guess I understand with you not hating  ...
Well seeing as how its not getting any better outside. I may just have to stay inside for the whole day 
Well, I've finished my last day at placement and I feel kinda blue now 
Not sure that her subsequent attempts to change tyre involving three jacks hasn't twisted her shasy slightly  Well no one listens to me
Well..class is about to start. damn. no sub.  i wanna ditch...
@JustRod202 Well that ain't my fault  lol
Well i am off for the day..... thanks so everyone writing and welcoming me on here.. i adore you all..... i leave home in 2 day 
@MrKhaotik   Well have maddd fun lol
Well this sucks, my cable and internet are out. 
 Well ima go be emo now and cry. Thanks guys. Thanks.
@pixelfader Well, it's only a week away from Flashpitt, for starters. Bad timing 
@reneritchie What a pain in the butt.  Well, I'll just keep my fingers crossed until then. Cheers!
@krissisandvik Awww  Well, you probably wouldn't have been able to reach me anyways, since I didn't realize my phone was off til 11am!
Well if the game isn't for at least an hour, i might as well get some work done.  
You know how cats get stuff in their eyes? Well chubbs has somethin in his and he i try to get it out he bites me. 
i think i may commit suicide next week. Well not seriously but i will surely die 
@BambiBlue Well now it's going to storm, but volleyball will press on rain or shine... just not lightning. I think I saw a lightning 
Okayy fuck it, I'm not ashamed, I have a ..... Well c when I gt it I didn't kno ne betta, bt I have a....  see I got a great deal too, so
@mooseymoose29 Well he used to have 2 discount cards and let me have the spare, but he lost his so I lost mine to him 
@callipygianking Well, my problem is the black box inside exploded last night   It's not anything I did with the wiring *sigh*
@_Trystianity_ Well, at least you didnt call me wicked this time hehe! I'm great...but ive grown a bunch of extra lbs 
@verticalassault No furry boots or hat!  but easier than blue moon i think. Well see
Well, today started out really good (aside from sleeping in way to late) then I got to work 
Well this is perfect...my dad has swine flu.  Can I go be a hobo somewhere else?  
for frowning. Well it's hardly a happy moment, now is it? 
Well, I'm home...alone... 
@LegalCookie Well only if you have the new one, which you do. I still have the old crappy one.  #fml
I think my show idea has gone to shit  @casecarr Well that sucks. Why?
I think my show idea has gone to shit  @casecarr Well that sucks. What did you do?
@WriteNowBiz Well it sounds like you have 2 choices right now. No chicks, or chicks on medicated feed.  
Well Ghostlands and 17 other realms are off-line  I just wanna play #wow
Well the camera just broke on my phone so i've had a pretty good week  yeah right
Well now I'm confused. What is the point of all this?! I just wanna know now! 
@friendsrule4eva Well yeah!!! LOL I still need a regular cell PHONE!!!  LOL
@itsLissa Well have fun with your friends 2night! I bet u could really use a break. I'm sorry u have to work 2morrow tho, that sucks. 
@thalita_x3 ugh really?  sorry hun that sucks. Well just be your charming self ! &lt;3
Well, @tyyylerr i haven't tweeted you in forever. 
@iMonic It's too far... waaaay to far!  Well, at least u get high credits. LOL
Well it's official.....I broke my toe...........again.  It looks like a purple jellybean.....and I have a wedding to go to tomorrow.....  
Well, read my morning &quot;paper&quot; now realy time to leave,.. i so need a smartphone 
Well, darn! We got to the off-roading spot and it's locked up. No more fun to be had here.  We technically off-roaded as we pulled a U-ie.
Well missed another show while I was running around  well maybe tomorrow
@HopelessGypsy Well that sucks.  sorry dude.
I'm really really upset. There's nothing that could make me better. Well, one thing. But that would take a miracle. 
Well everyone I'm going to go to sleep now.. goshh how I hate going to sleep upset. 
Well, I am on the earlier rather than later flight because all of the business class seats are full.   I am not looking forward to this.
@Sunshineliron hahaha! Well am I waiting for a sappho stripper to come along but nope 
I'm so sad and lonely, but who cares that? We just care about ourselves, not other ones!  Well, this is my 500 update! ;)
@dean_cummings Well good morning to you (even though I'm not special  )
Well I have to go!  play nicely  all xxx
Well, this night has quickly turned to total shit. Now I'm all depressed on a night I was supposed to be happy. 
gah, 360's blown up.  Well out of warranty, going to have to get a new one 
I am seriously getting sick of this.. It was like 2 days ago when I deleted all my messages on my phone right? Well I had to do it again! 
Well I think I have got the stupid sick bug that's going round 
@welshsho I miss you too  Well done on your physics tho! I passed all my exams too miraculously! woop woop!
Well it is time to head home 
@welshsho + @tewitje I miss you  Well done on your physics tho! I passed all my exams too miraculously! woop woop!
@zham They're not back together! Well, at least no one's confirmed it. But there are photos of them together being all cuddly and stuff 
Well, finally I being single after long relationship. I had choice this way, but why my heart seem stop beating 
Well that was fun. A night of being violently ill every hour or so.  
Just got home from karaoke. &amp; now im having a major headache plus my eyes are feeling so hotttttt! Well, literally o'course. 
Well that was a major let down  was expecting somthing good
@MysJaye Well I guess i can't evict the bird out of my hair yet.. 
Well, i had a really nice background and now it is gone. I am also getting questioned about whether I want to view a safe site or unsafe. 
Well its saturday and I'm stuck at work  http://myloc.me/4EcD
Well the shit is really hitting the fan now.  #iranelection #gr88
@twrell1911 Well if u need something to do u could b my personal doctor.....I hurt my thumb 
@Fabsyy  Well, thats no way to think. 
@EVILMOMENTS Well i didnt mean it that way 
@EricYLChang Well... weather wasn't THAT bad today, it even rained. I fear for the future though, think global warming's in a hurry. 
Well... that plan of getting up earlier today fell thru...   back hurts from sleeping too long.
Well seeing as it is kind of raining   the beach may be out.    I will have to see if the changes by noon.
@MaphiO5O  Well its nothing but my website video...I appreciate it tho 
Well I lost my job today. So much for buying dad a new iPhone.  #squarespace
Well exams are over but it seems I caught a fever... damn  and I have so much to do!!! I have to keep my promise for the launch of v2
Well that didn't work....still no power at my house 
I feel that 40% of all my tweets are about me going to our vacation house... Well let's just say that I'm here now. I have nothing to do! 
Well here it is . . On my way to phoenix to perform my solo for the last time tonight 
@zzSOfetch Well some people thought it was funny 
Well tweeples its another rainy day in philly   it was soooo nice yesterday I feel like I'm on punishment for having fun ystrdy! LOL
@Peach2410  oooh yeah probably! Well I'm praying, I know with your sugar doing what it's doing today...well it's been a tough day for you 
Well that was a nice nap and btw still raining. 
Well it's on our block but no one on our street was doing it and i only got up at 8:15 in the morning. very frustrating 
@writereader   Well better to walk away for a bit to get some perspective and relieve some frustration #bloggiesta
Well that's just confused things even more now  what the bloody hell do I do
@allMywonders I bump my posts   Well, a couple of them...
@no_gimmicks if your day is over you lost!!!!!! Well your winning, I never get to do shit 
Well the bro was up 4-2 but lost 6-4 1st set 
@jinniver Well that's something. I've been reading your hotel adventures. 
@katyperry, aw, aren't we all hunnah. Well I loves you katy. You're spoiled with love from me. Haha! I don't get spoiled with no loves. 
@itskristenbitch it must be really hard dealing with these stupidities!  Well, i think i made enough spelling mistakes for now lol bye!
@xxkathyxx Well steak it supposed to be pink inside 
Well... now is time to forget, but it's soooo difficult... 
Well I guess I should start actually packing now...  i cant tweet while i'm on vacation cause i wont have any internetness. ( unless
@WifeofWriter oh goodness. Well, there's proof they weren't paying attention.   but it's not the winner's fault.
Well lunch time. Finally halfway through my shift. 
@XoXalyshaXoX I know eh?  Well we can go for like weekly runs, when we are both not busy. We shall make the time for sure!
Well now we r going home from this long day of having fun and i have a sun burn and a tan it hurts so much 
Well just got back from church camp lame 
@ShayGordon Well idk. But, you def. need to go to a different doctor. 
Well to day wasnt the best day!!! She damaged the heart!!! Who can mind a damaged heart?? She thinks Whizzel is a cute fat kid!! 
Well the phone died so I couldn't do updates.   ended up 1353 and 4th on the squad.  ship it...lol
Well, It's bedtime for this bonzo, gotta work tomorrow 
My lip is starting to bruise maybe that means the swelling will go away.. It looks terrible! Well its one of those night 
Well I guess I'm off to bed since I have nothing to do...and no one is on meebo  suxs I feel alone 
Well, I guess it's time for bed. 
Well this sucks. The pizza fell.  now its a mess. eatable but messy.
@theMaraJade Well you must have something special, because according to mine he just watched 
@DocNasty Well, U &amp; ur miata rock. We'll get on this next week--1 of us (me) sickly and tired and lacking voice. 
Well, this time I danced the salsa with young(ish) good dancers. They were still kind of handsy, but - upgrade? I also smell like beer. 
Well, I got pneumonia.  one of my friends died of swine flu today. How come it couldn't of been someone else?
Well it seems the cemetary is a no go 
Well everyone else is sleep...is there &quot;anyone&quot; that wanna drive to philly wit me. 
Well not so happy anymore because my stomach hurts 
@_shanika_ Well I AM in my bed. Lol. I have insomnia...thinking about someone right now 
@joshgroban sweet, they sound amazing!! Well I just want to say goodbye, gotta head back to wisconsin!  I'm very proud of you, josh!
Well thats nice I must say, you disappear for months inadvertently making people think you're dead, then you come back and they've gone 
Well another week living with boxes! Now being moved next weekend 
Well the word is out. Kelly is going to need surgery.    
Well last night was random, and i didnt enjoy it too much some things are better left unsaid im thinking, was abit gutted 
@DonMcAllister Well I got a set of steak knives funnily enough, but no steak 
@farmerBOOM oh  Well on the bright side, tomorrow can only be a better day &lt;3
Well i dont know who my dad is  So never relly celebrated fathers day :/
Well we wont see the sun till next saturday isnt that great !!!! 
Well nearly everything from the kitchen is in boxes... so its toast for brinner! 
@anjucha I'm sorry,I wasn't online that day  I gues I missed it  Well maybe another time ^^
Well off to work now. 10 hours in this shift, bloody student graduations 
Well, my wisdom teeth are finally acting up. I have no dental insurance, but I have no choice 
Well I'm back from the meeting etc. Now revision time 
Well I'm home.... I miss my sister and my niece 
@bodysnatcherss I don't know. Well I do but its too long of a story and now its 10am and my eyes hurt too much to get up 
@Dbirdy I am  Well, am I at least doing  good job of it?  LOL
Well, at least the raccoon didn't make a mess around the garbage can... inside is a different story though 
@McChickie  Well, I don't wanna be mean...so,I'll stop making fun of you...for now &gt;.&gt;
I never thought that i would have seperation issues @ the age of 14... Well at least not w/ a ship 
@MarkusFeehily Well, I hope you can tell from my pic that I'm female! :p I'm 24 and unemployed.  Most depressing thing I've ever known.
@qtcb Well i haven't watched it yet, probs wont get round to watching it today i haven't watched it in about a week thou  lol
@kitsunethoughts   Well hopefully you got all the bad with the move and from now on the only way is up!
@DonnaM212 Well, I'm trying to get to them but I can't get in the chat room.  
Well, my daughter is feeling much better, but unfortunately she passed the flu bug on to me 
Well, back to real work tomorrow...  I was quite enjoying getting paid to do next to nothing.
Well, it looks like I will be closing THIS act, and re-opening a new one due to creepy brother-in law stalking me! 
Well...we're going minus one party-goer.  I lovezz you Ashlus.  &lt;3
@wastethesewords Well.. if you do decide to stay in bed for 10 years... I will surely miss you! A lottttt  -- but feel better please! 
is very hurt by a friend... Well someone whos supposed to be 
@glenn_evans Well technically we'll still have booze, but only in the way of domestic major brewery beers and domestic wines. 
Well, vacation over. It was good, and its passing will be mourned 
Well my car is back at home i didn't get 2 c amber much 
@mamacitamaggie Well, I'm back from my long weekend. And, if it's any 'consolation' 2 U, it rained ALL weekend. And, it's still raining. 
Well my dog woke me up. She licked my face haha. It's only 7am 
Well britts gone!  still crying!! I think i'm makin my self sick
Well this is day 2 sick at home and it's my birthday tomorrow 
Oh! I noticed that my updates thru plurk are delayed in here. But it's like a 30min delay.  Well atleast, it's still being posted.
@heytheredude Well I though my dad was full blooded, but apparently he is only 1/2. In the computer he is full but on paper he is 1/2 
is hot blooded, check it and see. I got a fever of a 100 and 3 -- Well 102.6  but that can be rounded to 103. 
Well, I have the new house to myself for the next 3 days. Who wants to practice making out with me? I don't want to have to use my hand. 
Well, I didn't actually watch the concert from there. It was rainy as hell that night but I was hoping to watch from there this year. 
Well I can't import my video onto the mac. I might re film the video or review another app. but I might not be able to edit it. 
Finally eating. I'm starving! Well, we gotta wait for the food too. What should I do today? Summers getting boring 
Well crap the minisd card in my phone fell out.  wish i could upgrade to an iphone.
is down with high fever n acute throat infection  Well, this is what you can expect in this heat wave!!
@ThisisDavina Well done to them x they had no mothers race at our school either 
Well... nothing new has happened in my life... the one guy I'm in love with and I don't even know him 
@trixiestix  that's awful. Well hopefully they're notthat bad. I think all dentists are secretly like the one from little shop of horror
Well, our student workers are victims of budget cuts...bummer 
Just walked into the babygate on my way upstairs.. Well thats another bruise added to my collection 
Well will not complain now i guess im gonna have to go back to school since is court ordered 
Well i fell asleep and everybody takes off swimmin and i didnt get to go 
Hey change of plans everyone. No party this week.  my mom is all stressed. Well reschedule.
Well did nothing today! watched a scary film with laura alex and elma but it wasn't scary at all v dissapointed 
Well maybe I'll watch it tomorrow I'm sleepy  tomorrow I spend quality time with my dad, which means were gonna go shopping 
Today IS meeting day. Well, also yesterday. Ooops also tomorrow 
Well done to the obama boys yes they can 
Well today the sun isn't shining  so I will be home doing housey things!!!! Boring really!!
@ugottaluvruggz on my way 2 canada   .. Well damn near here
You dont talk to me much anymore  and when i talk to you, your always busy. Well most of the time
Well nervous about 2moz, hope  don't have to do any resits 
@nadie_noflea Well you didn't mention it when we were talking two days ago! 
Well my morning began with an awesome cycling class workout and weights, followed by my little princess going potty in our garage... 
Well off to skool  n sweet dreams
Well 3 finals in one day can definitely bring ones spirits down! 
@LeJuiceman Well, we got ours one section over &amp; in row 4, so we aren't officially an addict.   I'm soo fraid of heights I couldn't do it.
@UnlshTehTrnips awh  get lots if medicine down you! Well not too much cos you'll od lol. And souuuup!
@EarthWindFire82  OK Well let me ask you this much. You gonna come to the meeting sunday. Like I said I do need an assistant.
Well im just starting up soccer again, my back was screwed up for a long time  hbu?
Well u forgot is cool I walked u to the car the last time saw u, wanted a kiss but u dised me 
Well, i guess i need to start a new chapter in professional my life 
Well, i was supposed to start work today...but the computers are down  this sucks
@prgh Well she's going into hospital this morning. (jumps up and down with excitement) 
@wolfman70 Well right now getting ready for work 
@JayJayKlees Well, I think you should go search for the pot of gold 
@xJane Well, since I'm on the subject, maybe I'll complain about it some more. 
@Brochner Well we do need people in here, so you're free to join us! It'll be great 
@unitej wow congratulations!!! That's awesome! Well done. 
@harbars managed to fix broken moss in 2 min and save demo. Well done  #spbpuk
@katpaps Well, I must say, your comments have even got me thinking his hair looks rather sexy, so I doubt she has much chance to resist 
@creatingorder Well that's always a bonus isn't it 
@AdrenalineLuke Well I believe you already know my opinion on this kind of freshness. Haha 
Well all in all today was great! happy with the day should probably say my goodnights 
@MagpieSparkles Aww! Well maybe one day you will get around to it, then you'll love it, I swear 
@Billy3G Well i think it's cute and &quot;clean&quot;!  I love the &quot;clean&quot; look O 
@jameskay83 Well what the hell do I know?!  We can still get our away goal in two weeks time 
@TatianaCampos Well done on becoming a true introvert!... 
@RhysYorke Well it had best remain a secret until the embargo drops. 
@OrbitalPete Well it's either that or a tattoo. I was thinking of a little shark taking a bite out of my scar or something. 
@FoxWhisperer Well compared to other areas west of us, I'll take our 50 degrees and run with it 
@rivensky Haha. Well I have more but I don't have to do anything but file the rest away or delete them. 
At least i'm going to get a nice tan in this office  Well, one side of me is.
is freelancing  Well, not technically yet since i haven't been given any assignments... but i'm getting close! ;p
Well can't you see that it's just raining, there ain't no need to go outside. 
@Pinborg Well, as long as you've got the bunny ears! 
@athletetraining Ah! Well then enjoy the reward of your self-motivation 
@kxoj Well man - it's been nice so far!!!  Of course, all I've seen is from the airport to the hotel at night 
@Cwluc Well he's been asking me for forever to do it. and it gives me a chance to get some new music for myself. 
@arienh4 Well, you either have no soul, or a full-time job, but they're pretty much the same thing 
@beckiejean  Well I hope your weather is nicer than ours at least!
@tuderich Well who needs a reason  I would love to travel everywhere..just because they sound nice or someone else has talked about it
@ScottAllen Well shoot, then there is that obstacle 
@jmanzitti Well, slavery, religious extremism, and the degrading of women are a few things that would keep me from agreeing.  LOL.
Well, i'll do an @mickyfin and wish you all goodnight, the cocoa beckons 
@g3mini521  awesome! Well, stay in touch! &amp; bring back a T-shirt! (nah, just kidding) 
@drval ha ha Thanks for sharing!  Well, I suppose you could use the extra time as vacation 
@cyandle alright. Well my new diet is going good so far. So, I think I'll beat you to a 6 pack. I should weigh myself soon.  @arispoker
@Chiggyx3 Well now i see how you spend your time 
@tommcfly wow time zones are very different there :/ It's now almost 1 am here. Well, good morning anyway 
@KeEilaa Well... and I was chllin' with you in spirit.  All we did was talk about YOU!  
@m_pony Well, he tiwttered and posted on his blog post-move, so he apparently has internet access. Here's hoping. 
Yay, I'm home  Well, I got back like an hour ago.
@timothyadrian Well, at least there's no 'Top 8' or something like that. I remember who my true friends are 
Well after a week of drizzle we now have blue skies 
Sizzling bacon, fried eggs, mushrooms in bitta butter and fried tomatoes for breakfast this morning..Well, it is the weekend 
Well done F1 guys!! 
I do like a wet grand prix. Well done vettel 
Well,f1 finished.was good race in the rain.now I'm board,might have to wack on a film 
@seancallanan Well in the past 48 hours I have had about 5 hours sleep, so I think I am primed for a big last week 
hating PC's and human kinds.Well not hating on human kinds just dislike. 
@Decimoo Well, he is very good at that, but I was actually referring to his performance skills 
I thought it started at 8:30? Well, good luck!!! I know you'll do great! 
@FabGirl Well come on out of the closet, it's 2009.  *teehee*
@nuttychris haha  Well you probs use the 1000 up in an hour, lol 
@madly59 Your answer was 1955. Well, it could be right, but not exactly. Give it another shot 
@MontyPythagorus Well, so far, all the people I have encountered here has been Fantastic! 
I wanna go out, but without friends to come along, it gets bored. Well, I think I'll spend all my day watching some dvds 
@chriswmiller http://twitpic.com/3luct - Pretty! Well, the ocean...not your legs 
lol Well if there is a plus side to no power I guess water is a good thing 
@perezhilton Well done. I had a good laugh. 
@dani_alberti Well thank you! I like my first and middle best 
@joshfatal Well I went to say that I did the same...then I realized that I didnt.  soo....just a tiny bit?   What song?
Just hung up  time to sleep now? Well... a little later won't hurt.
Well good night peeps   I will tweet ya in the morning ?
@ariherzog Well I was named after my grandmother not the organization 
@hobartdaily Well aren't you lucky. I know a lot more loons than one...  Most of them appear to be using twitter too! O_o
Well, I didn't find a chimney sweep, but the guy giving out maps came close to being stuffed in the bag! 
Well, checked on the gliders and they wanted to make me a tree again, lol. I barely got out of there with my life! 
@toritos Well, as I said, u do have a gift.. maybe u can work ur magic  When did it get hot?.. there are no more clothes to take off :-/
@SuperKaylo Well its good to have a few hobbies.  I love gaming, but it is nice to have some creativity as well 
@bfheroes Well about time updates come and gratz to having 7k followers =D... I'll hope you'll fix some connection issues 
@FakerParis Well, my work on the project is just beginning - I work on this evenings, weekends and national holidays 
Well maybe at one time it sounded. A wire could be cut and thats why it doesn't sound! 
@OrenTodoros Well, when is the welcoming party? 
@StirlingGirl  Well spotted!  A fine two weeks spent in the glorious resort of &quot;Hamelldaeme&quot; - I can thoroughly recommend it 
@trent_reznor Well then consider me the largest sissy of them all 
@susanffvk Well, I'm sure that will be just fine   I'm thinking I need to go shopping for some new, cute aprons!
@Koshkat Well well 2 years are quite long time.  how do you come to aikido? I been practicing aikido for a couple of years untill now
@sabete That is the saddest thing I've heard all week! Well, substitute Snickers for the hypoallergenic candybar of your choice. 
waiting for @evdmaas to arrive. Well, I'll just finish my orange juice then.  AH to go rocks.
@digitalgravy Well that all depends on what's in my graze box today 
@kellygirl27 Well..... I wouldn't really say &quot;pain-free&quot; unfortunately. but we're getting better 
@RBlackbirdsong LOL Well, that might be a good thing. 
Well all i can say is that the hello kitty world is cool indeed, aint that right daddy bird 
@chrisdubai888 Well this country is not the right environment for penguins 
Well, it's 5am and I'm still working on thesis stuff, so I guess I'm not sleeping tonight. 
@BPDINOKC Well you can talk to me if you have gotten to the staring at the walls phase or are otherwise desperate 
@dementes Well, my new fish haven't died yet so that's a plus 
Well goodnighttt twitterins  hope you have a greatt night/day whereva u areee  ily x
@tavincg Well, I figured the lmao was about the print thing, so yea 
@neomodernist Well I'm glad it has good music going for it. Thanks to putting my mind at ease. 
@joebendesigns Well, in that case...bottoms up!!! 
There could be no worse dream than seeing my soulmate and best friend married to another woman. I cried a lot. Well, he comforted me 
@Sweetangel69 Well for the future . . .just in case . . .you should admit it now! 
@Soniamonia Well I guessed that considering one is still standing and can afford to look like ya avatar. 
@donaldov Well dude, if all they're feeling is &quot;a little under the weather,&quot; which I don't believe, then what are u worried about?  #hhrs
@Ktok /cheer! Well, I'm a poor artist, so I get to rent for the next....oh, however long. 
Morning all! Well, its sunny and bright which has to be a good thing  I wonder what today will bring!
@tommcly Well, happy #fletcherday to you then!  A day all for you apparently! xD
@prp2 Well at the moment I would have to say this morning after last nights rum fiasco. 
Starting my day at 1pm? Well, haven't done this in a while... 
Well, my euromillions syndicate filled up... we won a small prize, but not the biggie... 110 million next week though, so even better 
@jasmyne7575 awh! Well you will see nick tonight!!! 
@fearofdesign Agreed! You are certainly coming out with some very valid points today. Well done! 
@DaynaHart I think so. Well-dressed guy gets them all.  #preens
Well my 'spin' was great, and not a caravan in sight 
Well always want something LOL 
@rosevibe Well, so far I've met loads of people, and quite a few have given me good tips on both twitter and using adobe flash. 
@LoriGowin @tsongvilay1  #SPBabes  You ladies are too much ;-) Well about time for me to head out my my two ladies here for downtown 
Well , The power's broken  I`m Going to do something about it
@andysowards lol, same here, man. Well, I'm glad you still have time to drop by and hang out with us, buddy 
Well my plans for today are still going. I am feeling rather unpleasant physically but nothing a little cuddling with caleb wont cure. 
@rdifrango Well I do feel better after going 
@vickybeeching several butons!? It only has one!! Well ok, two if you count the power button 
Tired must hit the sack. Well maybe I will eat some ice cream 1st. 
Well, I am going to bed... enjoy your snake adventures @jonathanrknight... if you live to tell the tale, tell it well 
Well i guess im off to bed so sleepy have a great night everyone 
@SheScreamsOut ahhhh sorry! Well stop! 
Well one more capt and coke before to bed to thin the blood out 
says 10-17 degrees tomorrow, mostly sunny, cool weather. Well, looking good!   http://plurk.com/p/ric21
hey just read @nikicheong your article today. Well written. 
The roof, the roof is on fire! Well...we have a barbeque and some fruit salads on our roof - awesome if you just have awoken 
That is hilarious.... a bearded cod? Well, that gives new meaning to my question.  http://tinyurl.com/dar4lc
Well..first of all ....... go to sleep .. because... it was a long night 
@snedwan Well done mate. 
@astruc Well I'll certainly look forward to reading the story now to see how wrong the review is! 
Well nobody wants key so okay no beta key 
@aethre Well there's a children's home that my mum's friend owns. So it's mostly to visit there  We also sponsor someone there.
@TessMorris Well done mate  xx
@ElizabethPW Well, no worse than the little packets of chemicals we put in our coffee, but tactically grosser I agree 
@ JMosley Well thanks  I had a great time taking it...although it was a little uncomfortable being that personal with the boat...
@JMosley Well thanks  I had a great time taking it...although it was a little uncomfortable being that personal with the boat...
@huma_rashid Well, you're closer to me than I thought. I'll be there in two hours...  Where r u going to school?
@mayawesome Well that just shows that presales doesnt mean good seats. ;D and if they put standing in, i'll do that so it wont matter 
going fishing with her mom and brother. Well actually borther is fishing mom and I are reading 
@Nymeth Well lots of people seem to hate it, it must not be for everyone, but it really impacted me. 
@jonathanrknight http://twitpic.com/4buch - Well hello there 
@calvinharris Well sorry but, err, you can follow me  I tweet cool stuff (Y)
@rosscbrown Well surprised is what I was going for ;-)  The 'pinky purple' bottle is coconut milk and tiare flower foamburst shower gel 
@youngavenger There is no place for such a thing! Well, without murder. If you elect to kill something, we can get a blueberry bush. 
@juella_ Well, you keep tweeting impressive stuff. 
@bobbyu714 :-\ Well there's next time. Weekends work better for us for sitters anyway 
@JemiJemi Well I suppose we'll see if that changes over the coming months and years 
@kalyanp Well, she's cute so I'll take the comparison as a compliment.    I love her guest's last name.  LOL!
@fidgetyfaye Well, vegemite would be perfect for you then! Just a little smear on some buttered toast and you're in business!  
@maikeru76 hahaha!!! I love that spirit!! Well no weird flu!!  medication is killing me until we get a surgery date-but U make me smile!
@mathewfreeman  Well , I'll be up until about 2am working...if you have work to do, I say do it   Or read something inspirational
@saraahness Well baby, your hotness just multiplied exponentially, I can tell you that much.  One every month, don't forget. Haha!
What a great weekend it was, feels like I've been away for a week! Well, back to work! now 
@Nadiney I went for the sweetheart.. Well see how things turn out.. 
I'm off! Well, home... I will see you soon! 
@TerriCook  Well I hope you have had a good weekend and even more so have a good day at work 2moro its already monday here,so far so good 
Thanks to all the new followers  Well, I went to a strip club tonight and its 4am so I'll follow you tomorrow. Much love.
@rahulgoyal1986 Well I will be making beds, creating noise &amp; cleaning cleaning all day long.  With music &amp; a smile  x
@dudboi Well there's nothing to do but to keep swimming. You'll get there eventually 
Well if you actually went and got your drivers license you wouldn't have to worry about the bus being shit, haha. 
@margotrobbie oh that makes sense! Well you are officially my first @reply from a celebrity!! 
@IYL86 Well yeah, the hormone things basically a given  thought he had misbehaved specifically to upset your mom and you.
@Wookiesgirl I was thinking, &quot;I never see her tweet.&quot; Well, duh - if I don't follow you, I can't! Now I can. 
@understood Well best of luck 
@StaciJShelton Well tell me what fashion tips you need and I'm your woman  hehehe
@LushLtd Well aren't you just the kindest people in the world  Unfortunately, I have no such enquiries!
@kiwikatnz Yay to being smokefree! Well done. 
Well, I just need to get some motivation, and also, to do my homework, and essay... And.... it's such a lovely day! How? 
Last week of class... Well technically classes are over just have two exams  and summmmmerrrrr begins...yeahhhhhyaaaaaa
@msstacy13 Well, thanks for thinking of me! And if you ever do get the scratch for one, well, I'm right here! 
Well good morning all, What a wonderful day in the neighborhood  Thanks for all those that are now following another 60 this morning
I'm getting sick of this exam kinda thing. Well, that's life 
Well hopefully the rest of the day gets better. 
@north385com Well I'm obsessed w/all of them - but I watched the first one again last night  glorious! where can i get a wand?
Well, I'm here, good morning/brunch-ish I took my exam, think I did good 
@miniatus Well thank you darling...it was a pleasure shopping with you...you will see the first pics! 
@hellocupcake84 Well I'm trying to get rid of a lot of my stuff.  You could come over and pillage.  
@michaelsheen Well I guess they think of everything   Thanks so much for keeping the fans in the loop 
@MeganWrappe Well, guess we just make a pretty great pair.  So, I don't think our birthday date is going to happen. :'(
@jo_dazzles Well tonight would be a good time to watch. 
@derekcody oh ok. Well good for you...can I get some weather updates instead??  jk.
@flybabymoni Well the one thing where you lay on the floor I couldn't do all of them....I'm very out of shape 
Well, enough mushy family talk. To bed I stubbornly go. 
Well that was a fun evening 
@kitode Well for one thing I might be branded a &quot;public menace&quot; by the state. 
Well goodnight all my twitter bugs sleep well 
Well ive had a twitter account 4 a while, but just started using it. 
Well, it was very inspirative day. There's no room for design in todays schedule, so i'm heading to bed 
Well then andy i dont think you should date me 
Well twitts I was waiting on a response from @DawnRichard, but she's out partying and having a good time,so maybe some other day! 
This wraps it up. Well, again a lesson that you shouldn't take nude photos of yourself when you're famous. Or maybe you really should! 
@pcsketch hello  Well it's sunny out but my head is fuzzy and coffee isn't brewed yet... how's your day..?!
@georgieBOOM it's like triple what i've got, so it's a lot to me as well. Well done 
@aneD Well thank you! I'll try and remember to put it somewhere 
@Bitchface91 Well im hving another one today yey 
@rockeye Well I *did* put in a good innings...sweared at the brother in law..was in fine form 
@sheaquinn more balls than I boio. Well have a safe drive 
Well.....the sun ain't exactly shining but then it ain't exactly raining and who cares anyway I gotta week off.....whoopee!  
Well dryed the eyebrows so going 2 shops gp looks tad boring so off 2 spend some pennies 
@AndrewDearling Well done you Sharks on winning! You so deserved it. 
@kidsis Well, I do fly my geek flag pretty high! 
@Frassington morning mama!! Well me glad you got a full nights rest!! 
@purpleandgold Well, I'm going grocery-shopping tomorrow so... 
Well looking forward to going away tomorrow.  \o/
@_sian_ Well, I'll try everything once. 
@simonprince congrats and good luck!!! Really? Well, I gues you can always hand-make her a beautiful card. 
@nextread Well I guess this means you don't hate the book. 
@BasseCopette Well to let you into an insy winsy secret I'm going to the land of rhubarb and proper cream tomorrow clotted cream too 
@mclamb4life2 I went there for work experience, LOL. Well it was lovely talking to you ;) I have school soon  I hope we can talk later! 
@iHugoF  Well, I can't think of many places where your ringtones wouldn't seem strange or even be a tad inconvenient... ;)
@TrinaShantae Well when u get a chance check it out 
Well people are being weird today, finishing homework, layin in bed, entertain me 
@jessicaspatula Well i have a hot tub.  hmmm....nice and cozy.
@shaggieshapiro Well not my site per se, you know. 
@Commodoros hhmmm!! I might have 2stop following u then  LOL just kidding!! Well, that's what makes everyone unique ;-) do you watch lost?
@keeperofdreams Lol, yeah. Well I plan to stay up all night so I won't have time to do it later. 
Today I got into trouble in gym;; I put a volleyball inside my shirt and started dancing. Well, they put on the music. 
@apeasland Well.. .you're doing well so far.. it's a procrastination tool mostly 
Well going to bed and having my daughter and son read me a book. 
Well as long as he is aware he is a house of crazy twatters 
Well on this note I wanna say I love my girl she's all I want in my life.......I love you!!!!!! 
Well I'm going to make one more attempt at fixing my main computer, it's going to leave me flat broke, but I'll be back 
@NonameJane ...  Well I guess you did win awards with that name so I guss I'll shut up. &lt;3 U 
@peteinoz Well there's nothing for the year of the dragon so I guess we are safe for that year 
Well lahhdy freakin daahhh  http://bit.ly/30bBE
Well yea my love ima miss you and ima wait for you  i love you
Well i didnt get up at 7 but i did before 7:30  now im eating coco pops and reading j-14 
@stashandburn Well done - c25k was what got me started with running. I'm now training for a half marathon.  http://tinyurl.com/ibecksgnr
@a_liss_a Well, that's twice in one day now... I'm in top comedic form today 
@smashley_ashley Well, I think it would be fun.   &lt;3
Well, #SWGeekGirls have got to stick together, @lomara! Not many have surfaced that I've been good friends with. 
@JamrockRover  Well, if they don't know me it's still okay. I am not a famous person anyway. 
@threebears Well, I try.  But sometimes seems like an impossible mission. :S ? http://blip.fm/~690xl
@victoriaaa_  *cheers and claps loudly*. Well done 
@hierennu Well done for avoiding the trance  TTYS.
Well @nicko236... that's good to know and stuff. 
@tonyvirtual Thanks!  Well, the weather worries me a bit, that's for sure... #Twitnique
@Serendipi Well quite! He's used to me telling everyone the embarrassing things he does when he's out of it by now tho. Aren't I lovely? 
@aafreen Well then you can go for..umm..nice books or cute teddy bears!!  Even cards! 
Today's fortune: Well-timed silence has more eloquence than speech. 
@cbamburek good luck! Well miss you 
@Tigzy Well done on clients! 
Looking forward to a relaxing weekend of doing nothing. Well, maybe some painting of course 
@Kaschua Well, good morning to you too!  How are things out your way?
@LJsBaby Well, there you are then! And - you can do it at any time! 
@xdidi really once I had to use paper napkins, really bad rash hehe. Well I'm going to bed I'll read your updates when I get up xoxo 
@IdolFanSitenet Well, I voted my freakin' fingers sore... 
Well I was working a bit on my youtube channel 
Well good morning everyone, I happened to be able to get on before I left for the day!! 
@NathanFillion Congrats!  Well deserved, looking forward to the fall.  
@mattcusson really? I guess that means you didn't make it your permanent residence, after all.  Well..I did. 
these negatives environment. Seriously. Well, I will let you know the soonest. 
@TsuaSai lol thanks!  Well yesterday we had our first date! lol
@guteeny Well, that totally counts   I thought the movies was good, but not as good as everyone else seems to have.  B+/A-, I say.
@libbyOliver cool. Well have a great  day today 
Well done jade 5th (Y) 
@Brittannyy14 Well most of the people that are in chatzy are in the stickam thing haha I miss you though girl! 
@MandyPandy32 Well done mate, you're amazing  xxxxx
@StanmoreRob Well done! Not an easy thing to do and it does get easier and easier and easier... but maybe the tension of eurovision... 
http://ow.ly/76ub via @addthis  Well worth the moment to see a gorgeous photograph of the day or if you want to enter a photo to share! 
@chewysomething - Yes! Well, a bit more for me. I have to afford a new computer first so I can play, but soon after. 
@allio12 Well I'm happy for ya that you got to have the week at least 
@wallybock post some of ur mom:s quotes then  @winninghelix  Well is it? 
@LittleLiverbird  I'm coming to you for tips for next season's dream team.  Well done 
@heartonahookx me to! Well breaks over and two flippin busses r here tlk later! 
@thepixiepop @marieiris Well hello ladies 
@lostinsuburbia Is it your bday?  Well happy birthday!! 
Well anyways i pulled an all nighter haha and i re-aranged myyy room  it looks awesome!
Oh wow. Isn't 11:00 a little ealy for you guys? Haha. Well you'll get a great sleep tonight!! 
@McFlyXXDannyXX Well I was ouside all day long. And I visited my grandma  I made a water fight with my brothers  and what about u? xx
@coraldragon Well I'm down here (for the moment at least). We should find a way to hang out sometime. 
Just bought a jumpsuit. Well happy! 
@bhall08 Well thank goodness you went to church!  ill stop worrying!  *A*
@Strngrwmn Well if I did in fact have swine flu. I can tell you that cure for it is greasy French fries and a nap. 
@MandyPandy32 It was a pleasure to follow your progress! We've added your phlog to our blog at http://bmy.typepad.com. Well done!! 
Well, I'm abandoned. nobodu's home, nobody's on the msn. I have no life! going to kill myself 
Well, i had an interesting night last night.  How about you?
@sincereSunshine Well get up lol 
mmmmmm stir fry! Well off to chester to see me pals 
@Halfdeck Well, we can chalk that up to experience. You'd get bored if there were not surprises. 
@ADDEccentric - Well, we've been seeing eachother on weekends and during holidays for over 2 years now; gets easier over time! 
@jasonboche Well, at least they can sell their old domain name to a cosmetic surgeon or something when they go under 
@amy_wright Ah right. Well hope you do well, I'm sure you will 
@RikkAlaniz Well...some people get off in arguing with each other 
Well, this is an eventual night 
@lwcavallucci Well, I don't often take work to bed, but there's often a gap between saying it's time &amp; actually stopping 
@taxman300 Well, this isn't leadership. It's a feed. I'm all about the consumer baby. 
@TheDarrenxshow I'm not sure if that's post-racist, racist or just funny. Well done 
@SEKert Well ..we don't care...we know they can...my dog knows before I have a seizure...kind of like a quake..in the head!! 
@JimMcKeeth Well, I would be interested in seeing that.  If you ever need any help with the videos, let me know 
Well, tweetz...I had a wonderful weekend, but it's time for me to go to bed for school tomorrow. G'nyt!  
@TheDarrenxshow I'm not sure if that's post-racist, racist or just funny. Well done  (via @RufusHound)
@whitsundays Well they have to come out sometime ;) hehehe right place right time it's karma 
Well...here goes nothing... 
Well I gotta wake up earrrrly tomorrow. So I better get to sleep. G'night. 
@tracy_tp  Well done for that! You've got so much on yr plate you must be proud....I am for you 
@sanasaleem really?? Well that's brilliant awabs collected a lot too  u guyz at the carlton camp?
@elleLOVESgreys Haha. Well, if you're missing any let me know. I have every song from every season 
The start of another week...lets hope it's a good one  Well we do have a nice bank holiday to look forward to!
@janelmm Well that's nowhere near as exciting as I expected 
Well I needa not tweet &amp; just try and sleep 
@shaki_sm Well just being the weekend is good, didn't do anything thought, you? 
Well thats 10 seconds of my life, im never getting back... 
@TheEngTeacher Well I needed to stress that little point! 
@IntelligentPlan Well... watch out.... 
Well I was out of the office and left OutTwit running and I've got 1319 unread tweets. You people talk too much !! 
People always ask &quot;What do u want 2 do?&quot; I want 2 make stuff! Buildings, books, babies! Well did that one  http://resources.autodesk.com/
@yibble think I'll put it on my love film list and watch it again  I seriously think he is an alien! Well maybe not but he's a monkey!
@surya_s Well, *cough*..*cough* Spring 
[Wrong!] @skashliwal Well, I love your the quotes that you post as I learn a lot  for those people...... http://tinyurl.com/pwgbqq
Well its a goody @Lokizilla and thanks to @smashpop for pinging you with it 
Well morning ish! Continuing on web work today! 
Well its like 3:40 in the morning and I'm exhausted goodnight all my twitter-bugs sleep well 
@intelligensia Well... your spectacles aren't screwed to your head now, are they? 
@melissaox Well that does make me feel a bit better....thanks 
@phobicgamer Well, you'll *have* to tell me what you think of the books.  And don't we need to meet over a coffee or something soon?
@RamsesJa hahahaha! Well my morning started off slow, but you def just made it a lot better 
@jojowiththeflow congrats!! Well done 
Well tweeps, gonna go get ready for that there work thang.....you all behave yourself. 
Well getting the flat pages to work, as simple as they sound where a pain gggrrrr. But I guess that's getting to know a new framework 
@annekeothavong Well played, that got pretty tight there in the second, well done! 
@snipeyhead Well then consider yourself moisturized in an entertaining way 
@SukieBunny Well thank you. I think that's the third comment (and first favourable one) on it all day  
@ryanqnorth Well, that sounds like A+++ customer management to me! 
Well I don't have to got to skool today cause I have to go places 
@ginabanina Well good morning miss boy thinker 
@Minervity lol. Too modest. Well, whatever you're doing, keep it up! 
Well I never got to see esta but I did get the project doc done. 
@hopefulauthor LOL. Well, my mind is generally screwed -- but usually less so first thing 
Well, @TomVMorris you should make sure @Producergirl has you @ the studio next time I film wine segments 
Well, im gonna go for a run - in the rain 
@elissastein Well yes, more and more as I age! There was a time when the answer would have been hardly ever but not now! 
@RobynsWorld  Well little miss grumpy butt woke me up early and so I had no other choice 
Well I'm about to go have fun @ the laundrymat lolol 
@JackGibson Well this way she can bond with you and then we'll each have one 
just read up on what everyone is up to in the last day and a half. Well off to bed. tomorrow is bryan and Is 18 months  WOW!
@ChelseaTavares Aww.  Well you know I do, if that makes ya feel any better 
@melissajtest Well, there's no better place than the playa. 
@hannahbabble A book of stupid maths? That's a crazy idea. Well done anyway 
@GuitarDragon Well, aren't you having a lovely time! 
@itsonlywords Well ive my doublewide rt in the middle of mine &amp; ive trees all arnd it, but the weeds &amp; etc. have taken ovr! 
@filiber yup. Well-known for many insiders but maybe not for everybody, hence the tweet 
@glaceau_sa Well I'll tell u later. So far room temp aint been all that bad! 
@NeilRaden Well at least it led to @bfinucane and I carrying out an interesting twitter experiment 
Well I almost have sphinx + php + codeignitor working on speedtrap.org Some actual searching can be done now with keywords ect.. 
@britishbulldog you need to count the number of V40's in front of you...makes for more impressive reading. Well done 
@Rilgon ahh nice one!! Well done you 
@danupoyner Well done on the assignment grade! 
@UCgolfdoc Well, someone is popular. 
@jaymc123 Well, fog is sort of all-encompassing, isn't it? 
Well, I was amused: http://bit.ly/2lUUAr  
@Sithefire ha! Well atleast we both singing from the same proverbial song sheet - together we shall reign  x
Well, @B_hays (hope I got it right this time or else it's my head) have a lovely weekend! And you can beat it as far as I'm concerned. 
@bullyinguk Well done - with the new rules it becomes increasingly difficult - well done  chuffed #followfrday
@nishajl Ah I see. I'm doing the same with the harmonica. Well, not strumming but attempting to make discernible notes anyway 
@andy_lamb Well, I intend on making some muffins in a minute, which should be a good start 
Off out to meet up with the crew for the video shoot of tomorrow's training ride  Well, when I say video crew.... ;-)
Ah I'm hungy ;) Well, not so hungry, I just want ice cream. You must be intrested ??  I can't help.
@obdormio Well, that's a relief! Here I was, thinking you were twittering from the can! 
Well, once again tweeting instead of getting ready for work, should have been in the shower about 30mins ago! lol 
@stephm424 Well i'm watching it online because i can't wait to see the whole thing lol so far its quite a 'dark' show 
@DomBurf I know, it's horrible, isn't it? Well, we have to remember that there are lots &amp; lots of caring people out there like us 2 help! 
Well theres like only one guy in this world that is for real.And not a lier and has the voice of an angle.   lol shut up jenni
Well i think i may go watch a movie, i hope no one minds ... back later 
Well I bookmarked it anyway. I do rememeber that.  re: http://ff.im/38F7J
@Dublins98Dave Well thank you kindly for the followfriday  #FollowFriday
Well I guess since I am up and all I will go give myself a nice dry skin brushing and then take a long soak in the tub  (w/ incense!!)
Well failed that Irish exam , ahhhh well at least I'm done for the afternoon 
Well done to those that got it right! A winning name will be drawn shortly. 
@pinkpinksuzie Well I'm 2 days late with u know what...So looking good!! 
Painting my room. Well my dad is, anyway 
Well good morning good morning!  up and at 'em with my man and two cups of coffee at 730 a.m. 
@ThePitterPatter Haha, well I was able to get 5hrs last night!  I'm taking the weekend off. Well, I'm going to try.
My lips are sealed. (Well at least until I have to eat dinner 
@mayank Well have fun guys!! 
Just baked a butter cake. Well nearly, couple more minutes...think I baked it as much for sampling mixture as for actual end product 
Well Ubuntuone and I are NOT getting along today...   I can't wait til the big kinks are worked out. This is pretty cool stuff to me! 
@laurakim123 Well then you made my day!  It's nice to know that someone enjoyed my hard work today   
@crucify_brett Well deserved, so no problem 
Well i miss talking to you.   and if i missed the point of the text well then awkward.  
@MMMcDermott Well, at least you'll have all sorts of peace and quiet to come up with super-creative copy. 
@cgcumber aww! Well, that's a badge of honor! I've gone to work many a day with that! 
@PeffeYY Haha.  Well, I have THOUGHTS on this stuff!  
@kyleandjackieo Well I just watched the finale of season 7. So now I'm hanging out for season 8 already  off 2 catch up on the hills now x
@LoneWolfMuskoka Well sir, with luck, I'll be able to join you for both rounds 
Well, I do nothing 
@BrandonNey Well, you'll have no trouble swallerin' them teeth once I raise mah pimp hand! ...I'm sorry, the alcohol takes control. 
Well I'm off to the body shop to get my rental and drop off my car. It's time to turn on my 'bitch' mode. 
@KellyMcEwen haha...nothing... Well should be studying...but not really caring now ... So no I am doing nothing  xx
Well happy - plant has loads of new leaves  It loves the sun!!
@baseball_mommy Well said! 
@flicka47 Well I'm all about raising awareness..I'm trying to do my part one bit at a time. 
@rosie4522 awww sorry bookie.  Well go back upstairs and try to go to bed 
@wentworthmiller Well, may I suggest you start with me  Then work your way down the list. lol. Lots of celebs twitter.
@maddiemarie Well, add my mom and I to that list  It's such a sweet game!
@mafilsboss yes! Well I'm going to bed goodnight twitter world!!!  don't blow up my phone too much 
@bad_decisions Well, I was going to try making these http://bit.ly/18ox6K in the next couple weeks?  I'll bring some?
Well, time to go to bed. 
@apolloschild Aww. Well not to worry. I'm sure you both will work out just fine  You should sing her your songs, i think it'll work )
@floatinglush LOL-I'm just trying to answer the questions that were asked for the blog prompts. Well, that &amp; rolling my eyes a lot. 
@sweetkisses277 Well that requires shoes, a shirt, driving, eh doesn't sound fun. I'll just order something lol 
@RowdyKittens  Well, a tiny piece of the world anyway.  
@leocomerlato Haha. Well as you get details forward them to me  Or did you need me to help with anything?
@superrichguy Business is a combination of war and sport. Well today it was for sure 
@leetmarie Valita, eh? Well, Valita you'll just have to get used to not always getting your way.  I think you'll adjust and be ok 
@Roddee Well that's a stellar report! &quot;all human contact top notch&quot; 
@Shaunnayo hellzzz ya girl. Well not realz you know all about it! 
@SharonHayes Well, my dear, glad I could make you laugh!  And we are all friends here that have not met yet, right? LoL
@ImaPacifist Well, what's the movie choice? tell me then I'll say yes or no 
@rachellovesyou Well anytime is fine. You are going to the same party i am.  iCreep
@paulmason10538 Well you know how it is, easier said than done, I never get it right but keep practicing ha ha 
@tommymercedes Well he doth tweet too much, much like myself. That may have something to do with it. 
does not support those who cheat. Well not without some kind of incentive or bribe 
@unsanctified Ah. Well, I could write a note, but I doubt I hold much sway with your prof. 
@meredithdavis Aww. Well, if there's anything I could do to help, just tell me. 
@pleasurep lol.. Well im up.. You can Keep Me company!! 
@mindywhite you played so good tonight. I wish i could have met you tho. Well let me kno when you go solo 
@lovessunflowers Well, happy early birthday just the same. You have a long weekend to celebrate. 
@misswhitemoth LOL. An American proverb eh? Well from my personal experience, it depends on how the cake is baked and eaten 
@tsarnick Well, I'm pretty sure I'm just a little bit more important than you 
Well, no one else is gonna sing.... 
Well its been a long day a now its time for bed  good night my twitter dolls
@lamborghinibow Well since ur woke u sshold answer some fan quesstions [or just mines] 
@ameliaghostie Well, that's awesome. She's such a cool character. Haha. 
Well, this has been a fun 48 hours of being awake.  Finally in my own bed... 
@darraghdoyle the balcony! pahahahaha! Well I'll see how it goes, good idea 
@GoDsGiMp AH! Well then, later this evening or I shall have stinky cheese for you when next we meet 
Wckdcll .. Well I aint talkin to anyone now im busy finish the bathroom 
