Most common words for this cluster:
[('well', 169), ('day', 21), ('oh', 21), ('night', 18), ('na', 17), ('tomorrow', 14), ('time', 14), ('today', 13), ('work', 13), ('i', 12), ('im', 11), ('gon', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Well', 0.9997339844703674), (u'Okay', 0.8123788237571716), (u'Yeah', 0.771149754524231), (u'Yes', 0.7568610310554504), (u'Actually', 0.7524616718292236), (u'Oh_yes', 0.7328243851661682), (u'Yup', 0.720439076423645), (u'Yep', 0.7167078256607056), (u'Uh', 0.7149250507354736), (u'And', 0.7136954665184021)]





Quite busy today, attended 2 appointment. Well, tomorrow going to be another busy day 
Well I know what's wrong with my spine...but nothing to fix it right now, great...time for meds then bed time...story of my life... 
@iamjonathancook  Oh. Well, why would they do such a thing?
Well it's 1:24 am and I am wide awake still. Even read half a book and it still didn't put me out. Having a smoke then go back to bed 
Well...guess that coke spillage yesterday did cause some residual damage 2 the laptop afterall, which I was afraid of. no warranty either 
@only_the_best Haha, Oh okay. I see now. Well I hope that @JIGGYMUZIK doesn't think I'm slow 
Ok tweets so I chunked the duece on 2nites gig, real diva lol. Well been a busy day, I'm signin off have to focus on this damn track 
@Angiielala IMY too  ! Well, I BARELY go on there anymore. I went on tonight, and it's like..who are these people..
@hanaabanana Well i had heard rumours but i dont want her to die! Then she can never come back  I liked her mum.
Well....half my apt got super cleaned today.  It's a start.  Now I have to go to bed ridiculously early to be at work at 7 am tomorrow. 
Well! This has been a day... Hmm I feel like I looked nice today... And now the day is over 
Well my brown pants and shirt are ready for tomorrow, so i know its going to doubley suck, it also being monday. 
Well the weekend is coming to the end..  its Ok.. I have my son here making of laugh to feel better
@MAMAHINA I got scheduled this weekend  fuccckkk the concert is this weekend yeah.. Well come to level and see meee!!
Ok, so my puter is fixed now! Yay! And here I thought I might not be around for a bit. Well... work IS getting in the way of my net job.. 
@OahuAJ Oh, too bad  Well, better next time!
Well, no breakfast in bed this morning   So I sit at the kitchen table alone with my bowl of cereal &amp; my crackberry!
@SelinaSark Oh. Well, at least you have willpower. I wouldn't. 
Well shit. Apparently I didn't fix it  If at first you don't succeed, try and try again!
Well said matt , im gona do loads on monday , goin out 2nite 
@4everBrandy guess u made it to sleep  ...Well sleep well B and rise rested may u have dreams full of new music w/ a new sound all ur own
Gosh, couldn't fall asleep  Well time to try again!
@rcole Well, that's not true. EVERYBODY loves me. Well, except for some folks who never reply. They obviously hate me 
@musey aaah mel, you don't like that kinda stuff? Well there won't be another episode until the fall. 
Well, that was a bust...I can always work out AFTER dinner ...much later on. lmfao.  
Well, i better get to sleep now, since i still have school on a saturday for 7 hours tomorrow...  night everyone!
@EllenFans Well 4get it . . . . I'm gettin fed up with this. . . . . So 4get it! 
@heybuzzsugar Well, yes, but as much as I think she rocked, she was weakest of the 4. And the skin... 
Well it's friday and usually the start of something awsome...I'm not sure if that'll be this time around  I gotta shake this
Well I was going to read the rest of the last twilight book but I forgot it at work  guess I'll wait till tomm and go get it
Just got in from group reading &amp; told 1 person 2 B careful of speeding ticket. Well guess who got the darn speeding ticket? ME!! Figures 
Ugh.... headphones dont like getting wet..... Well learn something new everyday!! Today I learned dont put your headphones in the sink. 
@SweetSpiced Possibly! Luckily I'm far, far away from that place now. Well for other reasons. NOT lucky to leave the pool behind. 
Databases are screwed. Well, SOME, on my server. I'm so, so sorry to those comments that may have been lost. 
Well that wasn't a &quot;low key&quot; night. Luckily I have 120 hours until the test. And I will need lots of them. 
just sitting round doing nothing ive got school tomorrow too  great,school who could be happier?Well im not anyway  grr this is annoying
@reneritchie Oh... Well, any way you slice it, it looks like something that punishes everyone for a problem they didn't all cause. 
Well playing with the wall o_o  i miss my baybeeh amanda i wanna see her i wanna hug her i wanna kiss her 
im so sunburned from yesterday its not even funny!!  Well today im just chillin in my room with my guitar! @Jonasbrothers 16 more days!
@RightGirl Well fuck me hard, I've never been told to stop cursing by the curse bot. I feel kinda let down. 
@2SHAE1 l0l yu right...I do love him!! Well yur lucky yur on the phone with yurs, I wanna be with mine right about now  
Well,  so far at camp it has been  well inreresting,wanna go home but having fun.wish I had my friends 
@mizzlalabaybii awwwwww lol!!!!! Well u kno ima be wit yall dis week wit @kwietstormworld since I didn't have da money to go out of town 
I have a cold!!, Well, side-effect of glandular fever, been sneezing alllll day about 30 times now  Its scaring the dog haha
@minicooper17 Well, that blows. Hopefully, you can sort that out without too much trouble. 
@shaeee aww im sorry to hear that  Well im sure you can do wayyy better than his ass! ; )
@ruthlessromance Well how was I suppose to know that you guys would be hanging out...?  Ok... That's cool I guess...
Well in the life u have to fight for your dreams and if your parents dont undesteand is better fight alone 
Finally got music in the office and then someone whines that they 'can't work with noise'. Well I can't work with knobs so leave me alone 
Well, no biking today  But I'm planning a lot for tomorrow... To church, the Q, back home, then out with the Q-kids!! That's gonna be fun!
Well dead kitty on side of road - poor thing  Then went down another road to avoid closure from last night and traffic lights instead!
The sun is shining, i'm getting a tan and all i'm seeing in front of me is.....chemistry revision. Well that puts a dampner on things 
I'm still trying to get use to this whole twitter thing. It's slowly growing on me. Well exams tomorrow  goodnight kiddos
Well so much for sleeping all night! The kiddo woke up from another nightmare. Evidently inherited the spider nightmares from her mama. 
Well that's it - the sunshine is gone  Lets hope it makes it back again SOMETIME this summer!
So u noe how niggas complain about bum bitches...Well 1 literally tried 2 bag  @hovitosway35 @kingja327 tha spanish broad in the tall tee
Yay, school. FANTASIC. Probably gonna be late as usual.  What joy it is, being 17... Well, you cant be 17 forever. =P
Well here I'am at work  time to act like I know something hehe and another long ass day
Okay. Well school  But it's over next week so I'm good.
Well my car just completely broke down, I missed an interview, had to call off work, and my car guy isn't in. What a crappy day 
@staceface88 No internets!   Well ... looks like we'll have to have weekly phone convos as if we were in grade school on summer vacay.
@ARDELLd  Well you are right. When I get lock fall out, I am penalized in my wallet. So does my company. It's the new world 
Well...It's my first day off, and...im cold, amd my best friend and close enough to a sister little sister arent comming back next year 
@ILUVNKOTB Well I've only seen the list on the official site...no abs this time around..boo   But it sounds like a kick ass show!
@collystringgs yes!!!! I'm bad! Well, I got a ticket for an accident I didn't cause. Somehow they made up that I never paid it when I did 
@da808babster A 24 hour bug that lasted three days, eh? Well I hope you get better. and btw kids get sick constantly 
Well after quite a monotone evening. I'm gonna head upstairs to bed. The long weekend is coming to a close  Night everyone xxx
@_CorruptedAngel Oh dear   Well, never mind, I'll talk to you  how has your day been?
Well, I HAD the overtired &amp; cranky B asleep in the mei tai. Unfortunately putting her in bed woke her up again, along with both parents 
@DIPTNYC Well I just saw my ex girl standin with my next girl standin with the girl that diggin right now.....not diggin this line 
@elliekaulitz oh haha alrighty! Well imma get off now, have fun tomorrow without me  @kaulitztoyzXD nite andi!
@baggaratzi: Well not 3 in 1 day, actually I had two great play date with my totally hot play partners. The 'date' got sick &amp; canceled. 
@TrinaWright Well you've made SOMEBODY very happy, and you've made a hungry boy even hungrier 
@ericssan thx! Well I can do the water part but only get 3-4hrs of sleep per night 
@pcornqueen Oh wow that sucks..Well I hope you get it sorted out soon, missing a good show 
@jenpacheco Well I say everyone else - I've just heard a lot about it! Hmm... not sure twhirl would work with our work censorship 
@apercheddove  Oh. Well your current ones are gorgeous.
Well I got to sleep longer cuz my mom agreed to cook tonight, so we're gonna eat dinner now, then we're going to a funeral. 
Well I'm going to hit the books one last time! Last exam 9am in the morning boo hoo... I had some mr this morning but not tonight  lmao
Well i better stop reading for the night and try to get some sleep. Not tired but i gotta be up at 7  gnite! xo
Well 1st free movie of the year. Hmm going to be a long quiet summer 
@IRNRYN Well you can go and read old posts but no new ones can get posted, cant click on gamertags or owt, infact cant even sign in 
I hate little kids they don't listen for shit.... Well atleast I know patrick doesn't like home made stuff I feel like a loser 
I'm gunna mis connan tonight kinda pissed. Well off to a full day in hollywood than home 
@ILLY5G Well. It happened to me. 
@discreet215 yea i kno rite, buh sometimes yo does wonder if its worth it  Well u do ur ting ma!!!
@StDAY None?  Well, good luck with the lipstick shading!
@aaronjerel ohhh yeah it's really going to be crowded. Well I think I'm not going anymore cuz I don't have a ride. *sigh* 
Well that was fun  honestly its like they're a pair of school children...   Jeez nothings fun anymore ...
@EeskeeMO http://twitpic.com/7nsjm - haha.. what kind of pijama is that &gt;.&lt; Well.. I must say we're gonna miss you tonight 
@MS_LV Well if you figure it out, please let me know. LOL  Some folks have it and others don't.  Not sure what's going on though. 
@sapphiresmoke Well thats not cool,   Oh well, what can ya do.
@MartMcD I have to be strict, otherwise I'd be swamped with MILLIONS of adoring fans ofc.  Well, no... maybe just a handful.  2? 
I ask myself why do we do some of the crazy stuff we do such as swiming in middle of the sea. Well off 2 work. I want to sleep in 
@DaRichKid Well work til bout 5... then coming home to do an assload of exciting homework. YAY procrastination... its due tomorrow 
Well im gonna be moving soon n its gonna be sad because im gonna have to get rid of my lil doggie  oh well its for the better
@MistaMonsta I feel bad 4 ya.. I can imagine wut ur going thru  Well I'm sure whateva ur writing is gone be hot fiya! :0
omg our air conditioner is broke today at work...   Well, it's a good excuse for leavin' early I guess!!!
Well I think it's the flu cause I'm running a bit of a fever and it hurts like a bitch to swallow or talk now.  Bad weekend to get sick 
Well I have about a 4inch needle stuck in my shoulder blade 2day &amp;I think the medicines have about worn off now....oh dear 
@AsImAnt Well I live in a little island, and we only have one delivery service  which charges a lot for bringing something to your house..
Well no linen 4 me 2day  put the capri's on &amp; they looked like pants they r so big that what happens when u lose weight like I have...
@olafsearson Well, that sucks  Well, the Powerboating is still on tomorrow if you've no work ^^
Well, I guess the sun is just never coming out again.  Whatever! 
Well well well...looks like a night of twitter-less updates  damnit i didnt sett my time for this -.- twitter is suppose to update me 24/7
Ever have a day where u wish everyone would shut up and leave u alone. Well that would be a good day compared to my day today. 
Gosh my phone didnt ring at all today       Well this is my last tweet till after #true blood 2morrow. i'm 6hrs behind the east coast.
How long will your relationship last? A month  a couple of months, a year or a few years? Well tweet/email at jonathanseth101@hotmail.com
@Iyertalks @rtshiva Well, I don't have a choice - They took tickets for Masillamani. Oh well 
@penguinnose Abbeeeeeeey.  It's your birthdaaaaay. (Well, maybe not anymore in a few minutes.) But come on. 
Well if it's just me #militarymon won't trend  requires many ppl over period of time. oh well but good stuff good times LOL
@littlescottie @BigToddie  I'm sorry.    Forgive me.  I'm a bad boy.  Well not a boy.  Well, we've covered that topic, haven't we.
Just sittin n doin nothin. . Well, im a bit sad thoe . 
hmmm.Why am I always up way to late/early however you want to look at it?I am getting sick of it  Well I am gonna try to get some shut eye
@isacullen Well shoot :/ I missed you too. I was craving my compy  So should've stayed home.
Today I have to get a washing machine. Even less room in my kitchen to put my stuff. Well, but I need clean clothes 
@LFTA Well I could as Fabulous would say &quot;...put this piece to the left side of ur head n push ur mind right&quot;  Not sure what that does tho
@cydwel Well, there WAS this basketball thingy on last night... perhaps that's why the hurried departure? 
@nick_carter So how did the game go? Whats the plans for today?  You still haven't showed us your new haircut? :\ Well have a good day!!!!
Okay it's 6am and I need to sleep, so night or should i say morning? Well i'll say bye instead. so bye! x 
@DaveJMatthews ARE WE THERE YET??? Well you are, but I still have to wait a couple weeks 
Well i'm calling it a night tweeps, gonna chill 4 a bit then hit the sack, i'm sleepy ttyl. Gnight 
@thetalesend http://twitpic.com/3n53y - Well...really he wanted pot.  Which, of course, I didn't have. 
strong coffee, pears and sunshine for breakfast. Does life get any better? Well, off to the employment office for the first time ever 
Oh  yeah, not to mention I have about 6 build outs on my plate too! Well hey, it's 4/20 the good days when that meant something to me. 
Last night was uber fun! The end of the night was cute.  myleee 3ime is always fun. Well time for school, gross! It's gonna be hot...
Starting my diet and daily excersize tomorrow... Well today... At like 8 am  and i started the 'take a pic every day for a year' thing ...
just got home from dinner  best dinner i have had in a long time! Well I probably should get ready for bed cause i work 15 hrs tomorrow =(
@kwame3000 Well sure. Except that the book belongs to my ex, and I'm not too keen on calling him up and asking him to bring it over 
@xo_amanda_xo yeah hopefully. Well I've favorited the tweet. It's so true and hilarious, ha 
@GCs_RIOT_GURL hey hey thank you  the con was fudging awesome. Well everything supernatural related is fudging awesome.
Well heading home from an amazing weekend  cant wait to do it again
@sapphire_dorian Oh well she wrote it on your itted wall :-p!  Well you'll see the rest!  This weather had me sleepiin all daii!  
@ropiko Well, I have nothing to do tomorrow at all except finish a take home exam. So spending the day is dreamland seems okay by me 
@LittlestarRed Oh you understand French?  Well, maybe I exxagerated it a little bit lol but they all want at least 1/2 years of exp. :-/
@dzse Well he has us around him, so he is OBVIOUSLY paranoid 
@ceedee75 Oh.  I drink a lot.  Well, not during the week unless I'm on holiday.  
@verwon Well hope U feel better, take care, nice chit chattin w/U 
@couturette it's cuz while you're lookin for his cookies your tummy has it's own agenda. LOL. Well atleast mine does 
@jackalopekid Oh! Well, have a safe trip! 
Well then there would only be one millions nine hundred and ninety nine thousand twitter users sitting on the wall... tweet ya 
@panda951 Hmm. Well good luck! 
@SnarphBlat Well damn... I though the sun came out BECAUSE you wake up!!!  have a great night see you in school 
@DanielMiller89 Oh that's really cool! Well good luck of course. 
Well good night my tweets!  this time im *really* going to sleep. If not i will get in trouble nighty-night!          
@emilyjmorrison Oh YEAAHHH?? Well.. GAZOONTITE!! 
@dionnu Well spotted! - If you no longer wish to hear from me, stick your fingers in your ears to unsubscribe instantly. 
@andie_t  Oh yeah . Well, check out chromacolor or paperpeople websites. Loads of colours to choose from. red is the usual 
@MilesCB Oh ahh! Well good luck. 
Well Well, good morning for all! Much work to do today 
My one friend said i should ask this guy out but idk if i want to i just nerve though of him like that befor....... Well night everyone!! 
@matt_smart Well @ least the tasty flapjack balances out the bad coffee  Does this mean you'll have 2 work twice as hard this week?  xxx
@ctreit Well, given that comparison you're looking very well    Whatever you're doing, it's the right thing  
@theaofa Well. It needs a new purpose, right? 
@recycledjeans Well, you've got your morning off to a fine start.  making the rest of us a bit jealous. (&amp; hungry) ;-)
@Cabaal For shame! Well worth a visit 
@JeanneMale Well, except for the dog park (and spring cleaning!), sounds like the same thing. I'll eat a chicken leg in your honor. 
Well damn the twitter peer pressure! I got my one song in and now I'm heading home... thanks for making me make an ass outta myself 
@ian_si How cool is that!  Well enjoy a cup o'java (or tea?) and have a fantastic morning my friend 
@scarf_baby yeah I might look into gov't work in the near future. Well, knock 'em dead! I'm going to sleep. 
@ginaaaxmarieee hahaha nice. Well im gonna bbe going to bed so good night, aslo goodnight zak if ur still on 
Well gotta wrap for tonight. Another busy day tomorrow - meetings all day - yipee! 
Okay i'm going to study this whole weekend  Well at least try to wait no I REALLY AM
my friend says, &quot;I see no point in myspace, twitter, and facebook.&quot; Well thats your opinion...my good sir. You are entitled to it. 
@stephentheH Well I get the music part, but is it for the haiku's you talk about? Which are great btw 
