Most common words for this cluster:
[('well', 1219), ('i', 109), ('day', 72), ('done', 68), ('today', 65), ('time', 65), ('lol', 62), ('quot', 52), ('night', 48), ('tomorrow', 36), ('work', 35), ('home', 34)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Well', 0.9554484486579895), (u'Okay', 0.8213858604431152), (u'Yeah', 0.7760486602783203), (u'Yes', 0.7599707245826721), (u'Uh', 0.7455620765686035), (u'Yep', 0.7448976039886475), (u'Actually', 0.7430968880653381), (u'Hmm', 0.7414456009864807), (u'Yup', 0.7404045462608337), (u'Oh_yes', 0.7337551116943359)]





@tommcfly Good morning Tom! Why can't I send you a message? This is too short for the question I have  Well to bad for me I guess..
@ThomasGudgeon Well yes, Shame that you can only get the plastic one for the first generation. 
Well, this day... I would like to go out in the sun instead of sitting here looking at Excel... 
@ollyog Well not far from the station by the looks of it just head there ;) I'm actually jealous would love to be in Belgium right now 
@paul_a_smith Well done - if u get that MP4 version pls can you make it available as a download somewhere - some of us didnt get to c it 
So U may all ask wht is going on over in the VT camp. Well as Chucko is away skiing god knows whr. Myself, jack &amp; mike R left behind 
@emmabush Well, I didn't mention the stale Peeps. 
@AMelhuish Hello there, Well right now, i am hanging after a night in Gford   How you doing?? x
Remember that laundry I was lamenting about last night? Well, it's still there. The laundry fairy didn't come take care of it. 
@Zee For example, it simply won't send direct messages. Well, it will pretend it did, but it actually doesn't. Kind of a deal breaker 
Well, @LilWO was having a tough day/night. Wanted @TinkFan to lay down w/ him, and she passed out, still sick   http://twitpic.com/3i2jo
@tm_lv gacias... you opened my eyes... Well, I found.. I have &quot;Intel GMA 950&quot;. It has probl. w/ Ubunte. 8 was OK, 9 doesn't have drivers 
Well... It seems like I do in fact grind/bite on my teeth too hard at night. First night without Valium and its worse again. 
@Incisive1 Well the truth is, I didn't want to hurt your feelings  &gt;&gt; Stick to the day job lol ... it's all luv still xxx
@cutestmidget Well thanks for the encouragment. I lost to the only good guy in my court.   Rooting him on to win our whole division.
At Thunder! But they are telling people to take their tents down.  Well we aren't until all the other hundreds of people do! So there.
@camillejay Before or after? or both. Haha! WHO! We have totoys.  Well there's a new one. Who's name I don't know. Can't wait for monday!
@krodbro  Well, I'll have to come out to Chicago at some point this summer, then.
:| Well I won't be gettin of work early 2nite... dammit! Ah well. Mistake: left my charger at home!  I'm jus all eff'd up
@EmeraldDiscount Well Monty seems ok now. Hyper in fact. Ii think it clicks back in 
Well, marin's room didn't come out quite like I expected. It looks like one ugly Easter egg. Starting over tomorrow. 
@cai_mommy, ..........than Cortez.......they are in the &quot;teenage phase&quot;!   Well Okay, Kekoa jogged/walked with me the other day.
It is in my Neighbors homes as Well!!! 
Well i guess im too old to get any Birthday wishes     (:
Time to go fold laundry  have I mentioned how much I HATE laundry?  Well I DO!  Anyone got a laundry fairy to spare?
Well the Flames lost again 
I'm so tired, but I can't go to sleep   Well, I guess I could if I let myself relax, but for some reason I'm not... Kinda frustrating
@rachel_simmo Well done yesterday. Glad Moseley won. That and the Hartpury win are the only two positive for a Glaws fan 
@paulshadwell Well if it makes you feel any better, we only had Quorn sausages   The rest was nice though!
It's 7am and I'm awake. There goest sleeping routine. Grrr!!! Well goodnight &amp; good morning.    Ps: I got a text but no call from [him] 
@Bruno108 Well,it worked!  ..Just joking!Now I'm going 2 see how much stuff I can bombard U w/at FB!Bwahaha,well after taking care of son.
Well we got bene back but lost Adam. 
@dawniecahill aw lovely! we have it...cold atm  but what can you do haha? Not really. School mostly. Well. Trying to avoid school ;)
Well despite having a crappy start to the day ive actually got quite alot done. Wrecked now though feel like its bed time 
@ATT007 Well so much for the Pre coming out today ... 
my itunes just clicked, ALL of my music is gone  Well, well i have LP;)
Well, goodbye froyo. I hate today and I still have to start my paper on Invisible Monsters 
Well Mom hates me now. Greeeaaaat. I never get money from her again apparently. 
@abcdude Well today Comcast is out in Boston - No Sox. Listening on the radio is not the same 
Well thats nice. I'm trying to find a driver for a MPC computer and they shut down their site. 
Well 2day has been the most boring day of the year nuffin eva goes right on my Bday 
{&lt;3kaylabrooketaylormike} Reading OAT testing today. Oh the joy...eh&gt; Well I hope i'll do good. It's really foggy and rainy outside. Eek. 
Oh no! My Picture where too big  Now i uploaded my Signature as my Pic. Well, i try to decrease the size of it.
Well I'm off to school  Happy #420 everyone!
Well that went well! Test is over!.....now lecture ugh! Worst is yet to come....work! 
Ugh, it's monday  That means *school* Spring Break didn't really seem long..... Well I'm off to school in about 20 minutes, bai twitter.~
wow i jus went thru a bunch of old pictures  i do miss those days! Ahhhh i miss the boys... Well in the mean time, trying to figure ou ...
Well that was fail.  ::sigh:: imma go, like, do this the right way. Alone. Adios! G'nite.
Oh noes, Ugobe's bankrupt!  Well, I guess Bo is a collector's item now ;)
@sugarpoppy Oh Lynx ? Well, too bad for FP7 Doha though, Pretty embarassing being stripped off the title 
@vaxen_var Well, they haven't said they're Wiccan but I'm assuming so -I had to assure my Mum that Wiccans R cool, they're not Satanists 
@Talkingship Damn, it says my review wont go up immediately, it may be reviewed b4 hand  Well I sent it anyway even if it's not up in time
@latinamarie Well said that lady! Bloody media... 
@SonicThrust Well today is May 2nd... not TOO far off. 
@gillianvirginia Well, actually, I only have a pair of sunglasses. I usually dream about what Ill buy. I wish! No shopping for a while. 
Well its 6:11 am and here I am awake  Getting my baby off to her chorus fieldtrip. Why it got to be so dayum early in the morning tho
Well drat. I've misplaced the little recharger-thingy for my iPod shuffle.  Sod's law says I'll find it right after I've bought a new one.
@Nuff55 Well I did ask if you would cure my man flu with your powers..... an you didn't respond   Thats not very fairy like? Is it?
Listening to At The Terminal since I'll be missing them tonight. AHHHH! 
@jeanettejoy Well, that's probably so true. Poorly, very few people I follow and am much interested in to meet them, don't live in the NL 
Well having now seen the result at Spurs I can safely say that we are down 
@MartinodF Well, Developer in the sense? I know its broader than a designer, but not sure of what it is 
Well i was IMing alonna, but she kind of ditched me.  sad haha.
@simplychaoticxx: Bummer.   Well, let me know your schedule when you can. I'm free pretty much all the time for the next little while 
Well boozeday was fun up until I rolled my ankle thanks to Spokane's fucked up un-even side walks 
Well, my prediction couldn't have been any more wrong. Brutal. 
can smell my mums roast dinner. so yummy. sister said no to JB  Well I am seeing them in June..I guess. better than nothing! x
Well the consensus is to repost although I am obviously going to me critised either way! FAIL 
@AnnetteStatus Awh.  That sucks .... Well, atleast Miley went. Have you seen oceanup pics of Mustin supposedly fighting ?
Well on the plane back to NYC 
@paigeragious Well, it was quite nice knowing you during my short time on this Earth. 
@Catwoman123 Well, I went there and the song was crossed out, I dont know why 
@JohnLloydTaylor Wish I could go to Australia someday! Even though I probably will never  Well...California FIRST
@brutha Well hope u enjoy that... it rained all day today here in Maryland! 
@lmata Luis, what is it 8:00 there?  Well, it didn't air here for me at all, no cable 
@KELLY__ROWLAND guess i lost  1 day i will be lucky enough 2 be followed by u! Does that not sound creepy 2u. Well u know what i mean.haha
@mikefoxxx Rofl. Well that's lame.  Is Season 2 anywhere online? Hmm. I gotta look for it.
This will be a lonnnnnggggg night!  Well since yep I had a few NAPS! uggghh! I guess I must deal with it!  
Is going to flip out! This Friendship Well isn't so friendly...... 
Well, today was supposed to be the closing ceremony for English Week in school, but it never happened. Cause of the rain 
I can't believe Detroit lost  series is now tied. If they lose it I will actually cry. Well I won't, but you know...
Well, twiggas, I'm off to Europe in the mourning, sorry  no tweets for a while, but here is my contact information in the next tweet
@AndrewTindall YES.  Well, no. More whether or not it's weird that, as a 17 year old, I still have character pyjamas?
@Rowdyeh Well it supposed to be getting sunnier here not duller  Oh well nothing really surprises me with the weather in Britain haha x
@hintswen oh hate those lousy kids! Bad luck  Well.. at least you got a free banana ;)
Well it is raining and I should be having a BBQ today with family and friends for my daughters birthday 
@darrendoyle Well I watched it in a Munster pub   Not happy about the Blues not getting through. And I missed the game 
Thinkin no one is going to read this stuff cause I have no followers  Well I don't want any damn followers
@Julianne02 Well good, I hope you post more often! How you been? I miss you 
Well it appears that the pinkish hue of my forearms would indicate that the UV index was much higher than I anticipated today 
@katsumayao It`s just in Polo.  Well... ehehehe. Luv u.
@Isil_Loves_Mcr Well I guess they can't follow some fans and not others... it would be unfair 
Well I guess this is my last text  I miss u @zinbunny jus textd that 2 me but I don't exist tho lmfao realest nigga in existence is ME
Alton towers yesterday was amazing  Well tired today and my legs ache  but still deffo worth it 
I had a fun day yesterday even if my Boy did beat me at bowling  Enjoyed the Wolverine movie too. Well nice long run this afternoon too.
@burcuakyol Well hello. Really haven't forgotten about you - just been snowed under    Tomorrow I will get to it, I promise. Jamie x
Well it's time to get on the road again. Heading to Chicago this time... without the roadies  I just don't know how we'll do it.
@rsmeith Well yeah, the Expo post (as if we haven't said enough that we're ~ambivalent~)... but everywhere else 2. No1 sez nothin nice 
Well I might as well post something. Those exams were actually quite easy.  Anyway, my PC dies when I play COD4.   I dunno what's wrong.
@Mollena Well, I didn't want to rub it in. We miss you sooooo much 
@MrWeatherman I might end up at The Well but for now food and wine at my girls house! No Elysium for me  that's 4 party animals like u!
Awww man Celtics won at the end  They got a buzzer beater. Well I still like the other team. Wizards for life!!!!! (I know they ddnt play)
Well i washed my phone today. Phone number 2 to water damage. 
@AngelG76 Well I worked hard on this and now you can't see it..and everyone left! I can't even take a good pic of my Tweety bird!! 
Well, the #Canucks are out of the playoffs.  It was a pretty close series... They could have won it.  But they didn't.  
Well that's sad about Danny 
@jurgen Well yes and no... you need to pay the APRA licence either way - you can't just do it. 
@newsflic Well Lainey gave the general location... from there it's not too hard to figure out/guess. 
Well, my youngest is 13 today. Happy birthday wee man! He's got a school trip to a safari park too! I feel old today 
Organisational FAIL - Scout bag packing was next week! Duh. Well that was an hour well spent  Hope #ignitesydney is going well 
Well eff me, lost just made me nearly cry  man what a bunch of bsssssss! Stupid lost!
Well... Getting up when i was supposed to was an epic fail! Today looks depressing 
@Blaguar Demon ants? Well, with the way they love trying to eat me and stuff...And don't like candy, I think you might be right.  AHH!
oh,the pain!  I was the biggest Gokey fan ever!  Well, he still has my vote (and my heart).  Such a fantastic example to men everywhere!  
@saraaamarie Woo!! FREEDOM! Well, for a couple of days at least. 
@joseeight Well we did get Flash last time, lightning doesn't strike twice 
Well today doesn't seem any better than yesterday, still no one talking to me... Lucky me 
Well work is SLOW!!!  The rain is gone.   sad day!
@AlexAllTimeLow Anxiety is the worst  Well, the sickness that comes from the anxiety is the worst! Feel better darling!
Well @HankMoodyBitch things are dandy. I'm chillaxn at home tonight because I'm showing 5 houses tomorrow. Makes the weekend FLY! 
Well, no festival for me.  Too sick to go.  Better now and heading home.  Hopefully tomorrow will be better.  Missed Aaron Tippin.  
Is about to leave notsodry wycombe  - been one crazy wicked trip. Leaving an amazing era behind. Well done cast and crew of Flashdance
@snazzyiphoneguy I thought I was the only one who watched it LOL! I love PB! Well loved it I cried on the finale  great ending
@Kaitlin2_2 Well, I went to one and ended up staying. Surprise Bday party for me. Now I am sure others are mad at me. 
Well that's it, I missed all the Eurovision final action because I couldn't get my hands on this household's magic button 
@musicjunkie11 Ahhhh gotcha  Well slow internets can have fists shaken at them too. -nod-
Well no upgrade today  Some empty seats though, so it's OK. Next stop Chicago.
Well, that was a nice meal gutted about the film The Uninvited a wanted to see that not in cinemas no more  xD
Well that game was disappointing to say the least. Damn it. Had a nice dog walk round the park after it tho. Working tonight 
Worst night sleep ever! Well, in a long time at least. Only got a good 2 hrs. maaaybe 
Bored &amp; Not Feeeling Veryy Well 
@PerezHilton Well done, great milestone, share a few with us? 
Well... I had to pee and just wondered if I needed a key  thanks for making me feel bad SIR! We left. O well. Sheetz was delish 
Working on a new song! Hey Shivi, if you're reading this can you send me that inspirational speech? Thanks. Well I got homework.  Peace!
@alex316 Cause I felt heaps sick, well I think I am sick now cause of my dad  Well I'm on my iPod but I'll come on still lol
Mavi has to work tomarow so she wont be abal to go  .. Well it should be a good day as long as I don't get to sun burnt.
Well off to a meeting,have a killer of a sore throat and would be quite happy to stay home and watch Masterchef and Sea Patrol 
Break time science revision done !!! Well for today at least 
Well the Celtics are out of the semi's, was hoping to see them make it 
Well just put my man on a train back to Wales this morning   It's gonna be a long day...
Well, after spending a few hours trying to get this webcam to work with Windows 7, i now have a completely dead webcam. no more streaming 
Well epic fail on remembering to twitter! LOL best get on with it... Bored waiting for crap NHS pc to load 
Well epic fail on remembering to twitter! LOL best get on with it... Bored waiting for crap NHS pc to load  http://tinyurl.com/qmyv3l
Well I have been home in Antrim since 12 Aussie adventure well and truely over 
Well this under the desk keyboard thing I bought over the weekend is exactly the wrong size for my desk.  #Fellowes
@MikeOrmond Well it's still not on MSDN or Connect 
Well Gawker just shot that rumor down so no real cat like moves for me. 
With Emily; Nt Well 
@Nelja Well quite. I was going to pop to the Spanish villa later, but both of the helicopters are being serviced 
@slansing777 Ahhh. I see. Dangit!  Well, hopefully you'll get the opportunity to do something fun this week, even while being shackled...
Well I'm 1/2 through my to do list....not too bad except all the HUGE jobs are on the end  feel sick too...need nap!!
Well... since Jenny is apparently in the mall and not home, I guess i'll have to settle for instant coffee  Hmph!!!
Well hungry. Want some eggs but no egg cups! 
@KatherineLunt Well if you want to go then we'll find some way of going! Cus I really want to go- it's just transport  xxxx
@indiespotting Well that sounds NICE! I've never been to IKEA but want to go sooo bad! We don't have them here! 
Well after a reboot on the mini the Windows 7 virtual machine won't initialise  Oh well it was interesting while it lasted lolz
TWITTERNATORS! I come in peace. Well I come in piece.  Naw I'm fine. Feeling extra quirky 2day :&gt; I wish twitter had tweemoticons. 
@TrinaWright Well, they all got sacked when I was a Fresher, so yes! The SU staged a sit-in to save them, but for nowt 
@ryandoom thats a bummer  Well, here's to WebAscender and creating jobs in Michigan ;)
Waking up any time before 8 is AWESOME! Right?? Right?? WRONG! 
Well, Caitlin just called. She got grounded for sneaking out last night, haha. No ice cream for me 2day. 
@CaitlinMF Aw.  Well, blame my stupid country. I think I'm going to move to Canada. Uh huh.
@delazoo Awww poor babyyy. Well Not reallyyy. Hahaha I just wanted to talk to you because i miss it.... 
@monstERwin SC or WC3? Because my Macbook has trouble running WC3 apparently.  Well, if there are lots of units on the screen.
@dannyrodri Well the pictures were very very scary  Broke my heart! We just get snow here ... I will take that anytime
@wendyisastar Well, the Vegas rounds are coming up... guess that's the end of the comedy and now all the drama. 
Editing video of my boy makes me miss him.  Well, time to sleep... good night from Seattle!
@carriemrobison Well, @HenrikeFHirsch could tell you what a vampire I am (and I'm at MST), but my phone will die again soon...  
@sfannah Ahhhhh  Well at least I'm up to!
Well thats me for the day, watching Panthers tonight beat the Saints (fingers crossed) cause there are no QLD teams playing this round 
Well I did run over a cat today (I know how sad) I cried and screamed my lungs out!!! I felt HORRIBLE, poor thing 
Head is pounding.  Well not really pounding, more like tapping I suppose.  Homework time.  
@crazydaisyfire Well thats even worse cuz when it gets hurt everyone is in pain, but poor Stephen has a smushed twitter now!  
Well that exam rocked...one more to go - the one we've all been dreading! Bit of revision tonight before work tomorrow 
:O Looking through my old stuff and found a record from my old band! Well,a band that I was in for about a month. Ever heard of  ?
@Td_keepsitreal haha awe. Well right now, I could be at home but I have to be here. It's horrible  Lol
@kdelbonis Well I can't get Cupcake because I can't connect to T-Mobile's network because my SIM card is corrupted 
Well thats that then. Exam failed and bsc gone 
Well poop.  Looks like the office doesn't have the keys.  I don't have the keys.  Neighbors don't have the keys.   Bike rides from now on.
@babyblueonline Awww Thatss Well Sad  x
Well that's the last of the Fabs gone 
@me_chiel Well...I would love to have a Zoo! ;P Dont think I can be there sunday.  But sometime I will !I want to!
@EverRaven Wow, really? I didn't know it was that serious.  Well that sucks. Texas must have been chock full of asbestos.
Well dinner was disastrous my uncle lashed out at me for no reason he just told me to shut up ! ?? Confused since i wasn't even talking 
@iamdiddy Well....not the Spurs!!! 
Hello dark hair! Well, my plans for today just got cancelled  make some better ones?!
Well - looks like Hurdle is out.  
Well off the clock twitter friends. Sidenote: I hate commuting in heavy rain 
Anton!Chekov has his own youtube?! Where have you been all my life?! Well, at least til I 1st saw ST XI a few wks ago, no recent updates 
@thatgirlonline Dude you're always going to midnight screenings! xD. I wish I lived in a city. Well, I do (until tmrw!) but it's rubbish 
@allysonbrianna Well, yeah. But my mom doesn't wanna drive all the way to Sac if we were that far away. 
Took calculus exam today, I think that I did well. I messed up one derivative identity though  Well, I never miss that one again.
Well, that dilemma is solved. The Paley tickets are sold out already. They went on sale TODAY at noon, not yesterday. Bummer. 
Well...I guess it's just not happenin tonight! DAMN! 
Well my step sister who I've met once is here now. Food selection is gonna get shitty 
@SeattleVelocity Yep...Western Interiors 
@PotterEntourage Ahhh!  Well, I AM happy about the baby, but sad for Draco and Hermione 
Well, looks like it's over for Denver 
Well, since I couldn't find anything different, it is back to the hotel for me tomorrow. Goddess, it is going to kill me 
@briema Awww that's so sweet. Well ma'am we wish you were here too 
@mileycyrus   Well I'm feeling  too! My brother had a stroke(age 59) at work Wed. nite and today wasn't doing too good. Say a prayer
People who lie and then try to say, &quot;Well it's not really a lie... I just didn't tell you the truth.&quot;  Gee, I feel so much better.  Putz 
You're all in the extra photo ticket queue already?! We're still in bed! Well crap, no Misha photo for me then  #asylm
@cassiehl Well, apparently, my Xbox is at the house of someone called Sol, who I'm pretty sure I've never met, so I can't play either 
@NickHexum Well you're wrong. It's just not the same anymore. It disappoints me. I miss Music/Grassroots. 
@SCC_Skwerl Well... it's... don't make me feel bad now! 
Well thanks evie's mum. Galveston trip cancelled for right now. 
I should really be doing my homework.  Well technically I should be sleeping because it's 4 AM but I'm pulling an all-nighter. XD
So my mom comes in my room and asks me if I'm awake... Well I am now, thanks a lot MOM! 
Well, my Nuggets are done for the year  But what a FABULOUS ride it's been! Thank you, Nuggets, for a great season!
Well, went to the ER and they took my appendix out last night  Prohibited me from posting the WR until today. Thanks for the support guys!
@olafsearson Well I'm Danish with that ghosty skin..lol..Envy people who tan 
Well' nevermind. Galaxy Music jipped Tim on strings! Noooo. I feel so bad now  
Well I'm off to do my #@$%^$  grocery shopping.  Should only take me 2 1/2 @#R$%#@ hours.   
Well done Rangers, well done Chelsea, I should be exstatic but instead I'm feeling angry, upset and a bit hurt 
Well shit!  Mom got called into work. *Sighs*
People are actually touching me on the train. Well, a person. Keeps accidentally touching my hand!! I am feeling hand violation 
@wheresemmy @chasingsunshine Well seeing as Fi strikes me as infinitely cooler and &quot;street&quot; than us, i actually listen to her comments 
Mom tried to teach me how to make spagetti sauce. Well... it's really not spagetti sauce, but it's actually tomato-flavored water 
FUCK!!!!!!!!! Well looks like I have to join the new ipod club now! It finally died. for good. 
@princ3ssdim3 Doing good mami. Well, not too good cuz I am at work   Sucks to work on Weekends!!!
#BGT Well that's it,,,she's gonna win. . . Fuckin hell 
Crap! Well, rain while at the zoo! I am soaked! And I didn't get to pet the sting rays! 
Well that was ten sneezes in a row. My allergies are not making my day easy. Still no air through the nose. 
Okay, so I can't find out from the BGT website how to vote. I wanna vote Diversity 
@pranaydewan Well i was comparing it with Orkut not twitter 
Julian 3rd Place Well Donee; Flawless Noooo 
Aaw well, well played! Well done Diversity ! I still prefered Flawless though! 
Well dang. This day went from really amazing to really crappy. I want Bojangles.  
Nobody wants to go to dinner with me tonight  Well, they're all busy with their S.O's.
Well I start skool on wensday  why!! I don't wanta go  But then again I do (IDK)
@ThatKevinSmith Well damn. Since NYC is unattainable, I was at least hoping for a 4th Evening with DVD for my collection. 
Well i hope everyones happy.. Looks like you got what you wanted. Fin. 
@MAS_LO  Well, I'll have a good time for the both of us ;-)
@JessicaKSzohr Well Piers said he wanted her to win after her performance, then the crowd booed. It was rather harsh 
Guess where i am? No not the Pens game.  The Pirater game. Well i guess it could be worse. Oh and im alive.
Well it looks like the Majic pulled  a &quot;rabbit&quot; our of their (Hat)....lol... 
Well Lebron, it looks like it's over for you. Better luck next time 
Well that's disappointing. Made pigs-in-a-blanket with cheddarwursts, and the croissants didn't bake all the way through 
Well friends, I'm going to miss you and all the things you've ever taught me.  I'll be seeing you all around someday. xoxox Kate. :'(
Well I did attend the wedding and one of the bday parties. The weather and tiredness killed the second one. S'ok though. Homework FTW! 
@levalley Well that's why I'm going for the other team not to fund of Kobe 
@adrianpesebre Nooo... I can't seem to see them selling sidekicks.  Well, I'll save up for that instead of a Blackberry.
@tsarnick AH I SEE...Well @OfficialSTaylo Bestie I miss you!! Hurry back!! 
&quot;in 2 weeks it's gonna be my first time going to Jakarta n you're not there  &quot; said my mean sister. Well she's not that mean after all..
@ScottXC Well so am I.    You should be happy for me.  When you move to BC, we can hang out.
Well Cleveland did not have a good night 
Well, Club Angels is roped off again, wonder who got hit dis time.... 
 no more BGT! I'm so glad diversity won! They were amazing! I didn't know who to vote for, so I voted for them &amp; Julian Smith! Well done!
Well, got the selling In May part right, but it was the dollar and Treasuries that were the market to do it in. Oops. Another down month 
@therealkyra  Well, I'm up still. I've been working really hard on my AP Calculus project, and I JUST realized that it's like morning now.
Back home. Both babies r sick again  uggh. So much for water country. Well maybe l8r with moms once hubby gets home.
Well it's time to say goodbye!  Heading back home.... 
@flairs Well basically DA = worldwide, while pixiv = mostly Japan so like you said, they understand your art style more. so don't be down 
Well the day was long! I was hung over, i worked, i auditioned for a show and didn't get to see John Green!  http://tinyurl.com/n8jgsm
Zoo! Yippee! Well not really. But somethings gotta make me feel better than what I feel now. 
Well done Diversity, Haircut 
Had a horrible dream I was getting married last night, I woke up in a panic  Watched some French Open, WOO MURRAY! Now - sunbathing time!!
Well, there we go, five starred every song in GH:Metallica, playing plastic guitar isn't really challenging anymore 
Well okay, first service for CM done! One to go... This could be the touchy service! 
@Dame_Kelz Well, my brother pushed me into a wall today and I bashed my big toe on the wall and it really hurts 
Well, the BGT final was a stonker. And BGMT is good too. Shame it's over already.  What's next?
I can't believe Rafa is out  Well, then I'm done w/ RG. Not watching it till next year.
No BBQ today  Well I might do a veggie burger on it anyway  On the plus side,we're having quiche!
Ehh,friday?  I thought you we're coming home thursday? That's whatmom said. Well I hope you come home quick. service this morning was  ...
Well I guess he really doesn't like Ninja Rabbits. 
@iPhotoTaker that sounds good right about now.... to bad there is no Roscoe's on the East coast  Well have a good shoot!
Exercise sucks. Well it was fun but I hurt  LOL heading to kroger soon. Yay?
@rpd95 Well I hope it can!!  Oh and are you bringing your laptop? I have nothing to connect it in the TV ((( MTVV AWARDS torture ((
Well that left a mark... Bird just flew straight into my windshield at speed 
@BeckyC3  Well at least I went on that ride at the DCS. Where would we film this vid and with what?
Well he said he's working everyday til he leaves...but wants to go to the beach at nite. Cuddling will just have to wait 
Chillin sittin on about half a million. Well more like 28 bucks. 
No lasfm right now.     Well, back to Pandora.
Darn. Well that didn't last long. Better luck next year.    http://bit.ly/15JeuP
Well goodnight tweeps! It's been an exciting day in #Tennis world. Hopefully tomorrow proves just as good! G'nite! Back to work 
@tlhdesigns Well, apparently you can. Miss Jenna wanted to sew yesterday, lasted 3 min. then off to play. She's just not ready. 
Well its seems I, like Isa, have also missed things on the forum ... not liking it 
@StarChyld2525 aww... I totally understand. Well call ur landlord. My tenant AC is out in GA now, but I can't do anything till tomorrow 
I forgot my password to twitter  it took me 2 days to remember. Alright, Well were starting rehearsels soon so &quot;Tweet&quot; me with questions!
Baked some cookies, sooo good. I'm sorry but I am the best baker fo real. Now if I only knew how to cook, lol. Well like meat n stuff. 
@peterg11742 Well, I looked online and I see it, but Dateline is on right now; they better hurry 
I cannot believe Rafa is out of RG.  So Surreal.
@AngelDevil1089 hmm. Well, maybe you were just a random target. Egging is harsh though, any way you swing it. 
Well, Shoopeeshoop just informed me that this isn't the Mobsters App, and I can't whore for adds on here. 
@Melges Well Hello Auntie M, I'm thinking probably not  I've gotta start this thing called work sometime in the near future. miss you!!!!!
Well done Bulls, even though I hate you most of the time. The Stormers look great on paper, but unfortunately they play on grass 
@justEdith Well that just sucks. Yer so friendly, playful, funny and sweet, eye'm surprised yer not getting cute nicknames 
@SarahMag80 and birthdays! Joy joy joy! Well at least you aren't locked in an office all day 
@Sid_Henrie Well, I hadn't seen @LilyLunaPotter for a few weeks before I went away. Now, she's completely vanished! 
@Robi27  Ah, that's not cool. Sorry babe. Well the weeks fly by so quickly, before you know it, it'll be weekend again
Well that sucks.. Waited outside HMV and made myself late to buy @kissysellout's new single. They've never heard of it?! 
@tarlie_ Well not FREE as we got back to school at start doing A2's  Worst idea ever
@ClareHopping It's awful - being able to SEE the sun yet not enjoy it!  Well.. it's almost 5.30... sort of?
Feeling down lately.  Well, since I got back here in Cebu. 
@danielmalusa Well she has over million followers so I take it is the real deal  I don't think that is Madonna's real account what a pity 
@protectILtech Yea!  It baffles me they don't make the tough cuts.  Well, knowing all involved, I know why... 
Good morning. Well Im up.   ~Michael~
@TeresaKopec Well that sure as hell is depressing especially for those of us that live in MI 
@xjerx you know we were on our high horse earlier about reckless sun cream abandoners? Well I think my face is burnt  used SPF50 though!!
Well the Maths exam went great but the falling a sleep for 2 hours isn't, i now have one vile headache 
@duanebrown Well we've all just bought GM 
Well, there goes our investment in GM!!!  
@Birdsandbeees ya there was light rain? Well at least in the OC area! Anyways good morning! I hate my work! 
Omg @Emmaaa94 u no we r in seats s4 for November? Well we r so close to the stage for normal seating but jb have their stage seating 
Well its official. I no longer have an apartment in Athens   Growing up sucks.
@Mummyofmany Well that's just it, couldn't find any so they are now driving to Tesco's 25 miles away to try and get something 
@VegettoEX This shocked me too.  Well, Valve did provide a good amount of support for the first... But I wish 2 was coming Spring of 2010.
NO! School tomorrow... I hate it. UGH! Well, at least the trip to Drayton Manor is coming up soon... I guess I can look foreward to that. 
@Lannaa Awwww! Well you'll be seeing him in October. ;) As will I! Wheee. AND DAMN! I thought I was the only one who met him.  Lol.
@VickiFOD Haha! Well if you don't get a response, I might have to hop onboard the LMG train too...even though I won't get to hear it live 
@zoomba I want THAT game, not the game it's a trailer for. Well, I also want the MMO but it won't play like THAT. 
@writesfortea Aw  Ours is the biggest in Western VA, apparently. (Um, no one stalk me plz, kthnxs)
Well I'm angry  technology,my router is playing games with me and there is only so much that I can handle before...Calm down,ok this sucks
Well my burn has turned in to blisters on both of my shoulders... Awesome. All I want right now is my baby in my arms. 
Talking to Tabitha poor sisi  I should become a therapist... I listen to peoples problems day and night. Well, I guess that makes me a ...
@NotoriousKutty Awww im gonna go eat Miss Kutty. Where did you go??  Well get at me whenever you like?
Well shit...  Eddie Vedder looks old    Solid guns but his face looks so strange.
@Life_Stylist not even in the mood for my mint icecream! And that's #myweakness. Well he used to be too.... 
Well.....it's my birthday. Woo--fuckin--hooooo. 
@AmberEttinger not me I didn't get an invite  cause I'm just some regular dude from suburbia Oregon Well enjoy the party &amp; hv a good night
@tractorqueen  Well thats no good. I just saw his tweets. IDK what to say.
@Blabbrmouth That's the dilemma! huhu!  Well MAYBE if I get an MBP I'll be like, totally motivated (omg!) to make a million bucks.
....my punishment and make it an excuse for him to SLEEP. Well ya know what @Chedsorr? Ya know wut Chedsy? FECK YOU.  He should be awake!!
Hellyeah!! 2mrrw's the last day of final exams..ready 2 hngawt w d gurls. Well, work it out baby!! Sadly cnt wtch PCD 
Just run for an &quot;ambulance&quot; bare foot, in pyjama in the street! Original eh! Well....no it's not a dream 
Well am up. Cant sleep and everyone is  sleeping  cant turn on tv or comp. Just playing game on my Iphone
@JEFFHARDYBRAND Well have a good night bro and enjoy your Waffles! I am also sorry to hear about my fellow MN Ken Anderson! 
@nzlemming Well, thanks to @svs  &amp; @freitasm NOTHING in my house will do now. Mouth is watering over $2k bottle of single malt 
Well it looks as though I may have to toughen up and brave the bus without Sam 
Well, turns out there were no good walls. Not in the whole house!  Everywhere is so DARK!
@littlebitlil Well, it's dying out..  There's like a newer one than CAS now.. the NSpire? LOL I feel so nerdy 8)
Well, I'm going to have to wait for a long time. Awwwwww... 
@J_Rhodes Loving your clip babe! Well done  Heheh... Aww I don't think I'll make it to Dallas this time 
Well it's raining and cloudy in Rome  At least I woke up to room service in a gorgeous suite though!
@TamarAlsemgeest Tan priority ;) Well... I would guess entertaining us would be sheer fun and pleasure for you ;-) We..are..like..work? 
Re-pinging @stephyyyyyy: Well last night sucked and this morning isn't any better  wooorrrddd
@bhanuadhyatmoko oooh really? Well, the polutions surprised me though. Ghosts? Haahaha,Goin back to reality suckss 
Well, Muggles' ears look a lot better (no longer red) except for the ear mites... I'm never gonna be rid of them! 
Song 1 recorded... Well, almost... the drum track turns to piss in the middle.... 
You know that thing when you drop a deposit in the banks night box and think what it it gets stuck? Nah! - Well it DOES happen. 
Jus woke up frm an awsome nap! Well bck to work I go!!! 
@DonnieWahlberg Lucky them......humpf! LOL Well, I'm a loyal DDub soldier but I'm from Brazil....... no love for me.  Still luv ya tho'!
Fuck! I just found out it was a fling after all  stupid asshole leading me on like this. Well two can play this game u hear me stupid ass
@tygr20  Well FINE, Love you too
@Ginger_Swan Thank you! Well, I was outside...it looks darker when I'm inside. In most pictures it looks brown. 
@66Keelan61 Well I usually do that too, except she just made fun of me  hmm...
@MrAllen_aka_Neo Lol!! Well lucky u! I wish I could do that w/ my hubby right now 
Ok just watched Green Day on Conan! Well, I'm disappointed, they don't catch my interest anymore! 
I'm really bummed I didn't win the Del Mar meet and greet  did anyone else? Well, on to OC fair...
Just finished putting together an Ikea dresser. Well, some of the parts were missing so its not really finished... 
@gemmak500 morning. Well it's Dull in Hull this morning  feels like rain
@ivanizer Oh  Well, you can have great fun with Kennet 
Well first day of E3 was amazing. Looking forward to another! Really really sad  I missed live TRS though 
Well a big thanks to everyone #elevensestime for making me feel so welcomr, but I really have to go and do some work now   Bye bye all x
@adamftw Nooooo  It's a boring as book. Well it's alright but I just don't like it &gt;&lt;
@4Homes Well furniture is fair enough: it's the morons on the furniture I can't abide. Sorry you haven't any furniture to write about 
@endurasoon Well if it turns out okay, i sure would love to shoot while im here in KL. Dont wanna go to China 
@OrmoatNormo Whaaa? darnit. Well, I guess you never know who's going to be teaching at any point with our English Department atm. 
Has such a boring day... v_v What a rainy day here in Germany. Well anyway for some reasons my computer doesn't let me update BK. 
Well, I change my background . Now I have to study. Good bye 
@Ecgric Well, there's an actual character limit.  I wanted the Space Goats one but it wouldn't fit.  
I am putting all my Asylum Con stuff up the wall right now. Well - not everything, as they didn't print my Misha pic. 
@jemelehill Well...my boo/President DID predict the North Carolina Nat. champ. but I didn't want them 2 win either 
@StonedSteve Well I wouldn't know personally, but a Google search shows up many of our woods and the bastards leave little notes on gates 
@BeaucoupFavors Well - I would really like to say YES... but I'd be lying.  Hubbies away on business.  He'll be back tomorrow evening. 
Birthday Over  O Well Theres Nxt Yr.
@jeffmahadi T.T Well at least I have Liar Game to keep me company for a bit until One Piece n ES21 shows up. ES21 is ending soon methink 
@segadreamcast Well you didn't come with the VGA Adapter like the Auction stated, so no 480P for me or you 
good morning followers! Well no lebron vs kobe   that's ok . DID u guys see the lakers win by 25 pts!!!!   Superwhat!!.....
@Mossy_42 Well, thnx anyway. I can't access the internet at the moment because I'm uploading a HD video 
@Athenabeans Well I can't watch it...my cable doesn't have the travel channel...I get it a few weeks later on &quot;On Demand&quot;... 
I ate too much biscuts n gravy  I'm gonna puke.. Well not really. But.. Bleh  gross
@summersSnowfall- lol! Well the sad part is... It was a really cool indoor place that's now a gym over in Belleville now. 
@KidCactus Well just do it, like Nike! i judt got home from a 4 hour session at IKEA... gdamnit my feets are killing me 
@petersonjoco Well you have my sympathies.Recently I had a failed root canal/extraction, wound up in the ER-would not stop hemmoraging 
@loveeamber you have no idea how badly I want you here.  Gramma says&quot;what? Amber was gonna come? Well poo. You are no fun compared to her&quot;
Well I could also stay at RAR (adtr, youmeatsix, biffy, dredg and alexisonfire...) dunno what 2 do, help 
@Nickley Well that will make it more awkward. Ok, his friends are there. It's just going to be 8th graders. (freshman). 
Well Im home now - They cancelled the jazz festival because of the rain. First time ever they had to cancel a day    
@Ness_Cullen  Well bye Nessie 
Well turning off showtime  gonna have to watch my weeds somewhere else &lt;Steph &gt;
Ugh party was ruined on the account of... Well wateva doesnt matter SMH... Ready to head back home 
Well @DrewTek, @twitter is still fightin with me,     so Twitterville, goodnite. maybe it will have it's act together tomorrow. *hugs*
@fixhoo Well...u must be good in something special, u know? Are u in college and stuff? Cuz otherwise, u may get the worst jobs ever 
Well just got back from dia. Dropped the folks off to head to Bonaire, without me 
@HereIsKG omg ur still awake...insane! Well I'm up n ready for the airport. Tired as fuck  we shall tweet lata
@Travismtv Well I'm ms. Lonely.... Hmmmmm.... LOL, summin in common ;) haha I dnt even know why I reply 2 ya, not like u see em nyways 
Well it surely took long enough, but finally got to sleep!! Ha I had to get rid of my iPod though.  *sob*
Well I've done some fun web design and now I must face up to my other responsibilities and do some housework  TTFN
@feybee Itsk I thought you were mad at me..  I don't like that.. Well neway I'm still sick laying in bed listening to Nick's vocals!! 
Well, after driving for several hours we made it to Vegas baby! So far we've lost $15  http://short.to/e63c
Well it's Jun 6, 2009 and there is frigin snow on the ground.  It's my birthday WTF is happening.  No golf today I guess 
Well, DS just left for his first day of his first job.  
@Lizloz Well we did, poor thing got attacked and killed by a nasty fox about 4 weeks ago, very sad day, he was called Jimmie Hendrix 
In Iowa it's raining... Well I guess that's apropriate for the ocasion 
@tshiunghan Well, I don't mean 'burnt tongue' in a LITERARY sense but in a LITERAL sense. Ith hurthss 
@GogDog  Well get him when you see him. But overall, Starscream is definately the best voyager toy in the line.
Well the sun is well and truly gone. Welcome home rain! 
Well, needs to install Photoshop badly...  haha. 
Well...got a cold and feel like crap.  No Chinatown tonight 
@garythetwit Well, I'm just annotating my king Lear book for english. So not revising really. I have so much more to do   how are things?x
@mpathy It's pissing down with rain and I'm ill  So not a great deal. Done some writing and art stuff. (BE careful what you wish for...!)
@Clockworkrage Cuz I love doing my eye makeup and with glasses you cant really appreciate them. Well, personally I cant 
useless fecks...Well i suppose i'll spend my night writing more of J.U, and reading Twelfth Night...Quite wanted to go bowling though  FUB
Hi guys. Well, Today I have had a really boring day. I fell on my coccyx again so I can not skate for a while. And that sucks!! 
SATs were ridiculously hard. Well maybe that's because I didn't review or study or anything. But wow! Hard 
@AKGovSarahPalin Well said. And  if they saw comments from Obama inspired Trolls infecting your FB site they'd be sad. 
Well that is just so crappy... Arkansas is going to omaha 
@Sprite_3  I cant believe you dont! Well.. im thankful to the U.K on this occasion lol xo
@Pauline_x Aye am nae bad. Well a say nae bad, fit a mean is av been takin dizzy spells again  and ye? xxxxxxxx
Well its saturday and I find myself headed 4 work. Leaving the boys at home...........doesn't make me especially happy 
Well let's top it off, Capone (my bull terrier) just got into a fight with the neighbor's dog; it broke my heart to see my lil boy fight 
Galactic bowling vs cuddling in tonight with a very dusty box of Excalibur. Well, I've 7 hours to decide. 
@MissLaura317 Well it's not raining.. just cloudy and windy so yeah. PIZZA flavorrr yesss. And sad  sorry you couldn't go.
Well, I had a good long blog for MS that I was working on for 4 hours. Then I accidentally hit the backspace key and wiped it all out. 
@jessicannamaria Hahaha xD It's like, when I go to NY, I never go to the empire state building ;) Well, feel better, again 
Well..me,kevin,danille,nick,miley are going to applebees Dem is fimling sonny with a chance 
@nessie_111 lol. Well I am a lightweight. I've all but stopped drinking!  Xx
@loutrile stuck. There's no escape. Deep down, you just wish someone would save you from yourself. Well, that's how I feel. 
Izzi touched beyonce... Well I don't no wether she's winding me up, but if she's not I'll cry 
Found an apartment, loved it. Then called the guy who told me he is also showing it tomorrow. Well I guess I'm back 2 hunting again 
Well, I think I'm finally going to do the one thing I reeeely did not want to do.  Protect my updates.  
Well even though we lost, the boys played hard. Now let me go work out our odds for South Africa 2010. 
@ZuriNayeem Well DAMN was the dinner good @ least?? lol 
GRRR I hate it when I woke up to early &amp;cnt go bck 2 sleep  sheesh. Well, since I'm wking up early think I'm gon' 2 wtch some cartoons.
Well i'm an idiot. Stayed out in the pool for way too long. Now i'm fried like a lobster. It hurts too  no fun
Well Twitterville, it's off to la la land. Gnna start another load of wash, and off to bed I go. Enjoy the weekend! I have to go to work. 
@profbat Lucky.  Well, I only have 7 days of school left. Thank goooooooodness.
Well Mexico lost their soccer game. 
@uneekboi Well she seems different now, when she joined, she replied to EVERYONE... I guess she's too busy now 
@TinaBit Well I'm lucky to live next to 3 Planet Fitness's, $10 a month, I borrowed P90X from a friend but had to give back 
Well, Gang, sorry I can't really stay and chat...I'm tired and I need some rest...throat hurts something awful and I lost my voice!!! 
@Djay23 Well he had the right girl.. and just lost her. ((hug)) Sorry DJ. 
Well, I am going to bed. I really feel weird. I'm hoping I don't wake up needing to vomit. I hate that so much.  Jarred is doing it now.
Well i was going to Brum shopping but took one look at the weather and got back under my blanket 
Idk yo. I need my pillows    but I want bran muffins  kinda. Well not at all but I bet they smell good. *sigh. I just want my bed
Well it may have stopped raining in Wales, but we're going to be following the rain back East today where it seems to have gone 
Oh goody, seven hours at work. I've really missed that place in the past 72 hours. Well done England 4-0. Shame nobody was watching 
Well i hate Tech :| . ferking computer shib! Well it's raining and i have to revise! Can a sunday get any worse? 
Well, Blackie just did her first you know what in an unsanctioned area. 
@chelsea_playboy Well until I get to Sydney I can only virtual hug you  *twitterhugz* xo
Well folks... I'm now officially 25, yep it's my birthday... I'm in the station pub... Trying to forget... Trying desperately to forget!! 
@Joespopsicle Wow...really? It's JUNE! Well I just went to the site and still can't order anything  I guess they didn't expect all this??
@brianwelburn Awwww Well aren't you Sweet ;-D  Are you taking anything for your Throat? Sorry to hear your not Well 
@stillsoul Don't make me watch that!  Well he Pow-ed Steyn in the World cup henson Style!  #rugby
@JudeMaverick Well duh.I've always wondered about CS's world. Maybe a prequel would be more enlightening.would probably be wiiware though 
Well done, Jenson. Now, despite sitting on my arse for 2 hrs I am aching badly so painkillers (again) &amp; original plans may be cancelled 
@DysenteryPinky Well, they don't tour here in Europe. I live in germany, i hope they come next year. 
Mow yard..cut weeds...aww crap...broken water meter? Well, there goes worship. 
Oh, and I lost my fucking Zippo in 'Bar-X' in Marmaris  Well hacked off with myself.
@fiddlecub Well, I SAW you plenty at E3, nestled next to the rest of the GS crew in your fishbowl war room. Never got to say Hi, though. 
Well in the orchestra but out seats are poopy! Cause were near the back! I wish I was on stage  where did you get to sit?
@Destini41 party! Well its gorgeous in jersey today but all next week there are thunderstorms.  but maybe you'll get lucky n they'll leave
Well, Visions took me two tries, so my bladder of steel achievement is void 
@josordoni Well, that's my instinct too. And the Economist Style Guide is failing me. It never fails me 
Ah crap, Germany's pirate party didn't make it  Well, let's wait for the next election
@audaciousaudrey Well Come to the U.S AT&amp;T has been charging that for a while now here 
@RayBeckerman Well, at least it's going to be on the news here. Modern technology and democracy, but how when information is withheld? 
@kolathonamajoe Well, YEAH!  Of course! But, they aren't at the moment! 
@tommcfly Well, you've to work some days, this is one of those. LIE, you have less time for drink coffe 
@tommcfly Well, you've to work some days, this is one of those.LIE. You've less time for drink coffee 
@MsJuicy313  Well hell in a minute imma see you! Sh*t
Well no one is intrested in helping the Poor.....  Well I spent 5 weeks working on Buy Cheap and it failed... 
@SaraMcFlyx_x Well, I used to love MCR and now I simply like them.. but I dunno.. and I think You have to wait till you're 16 wops 
Well, Andy's still not home and I'm getting anxios and worried 
Well I woke up today expecting some sunshine, but these clouds will do for now. Pretty sure I'm heading into work later in the afternoon 
Ahhhh, got picked for Holmdel book drive and I can't do it cuz of VIP 5*  waahhhhh. Well, it was an honor just to be nominated, lol *sigh*
@SlimNash Well damn! Sorry Wes Fif. 
@mrsb1975 Well said. There'll be a backlash before long anyway. Feel bad for the Asian population though 
@wikdot Eeek! Teeth! Well my front left tooth will always be a bit yellow, i had it coloured that way when i was younger 
Well, shuttle I like your design. Truly sexy, but I can't deal with 230w psu....disapointing.     no richradin' here.
Awesome coffee sucks if you have noone to share it with.    Well, it is still good.
@sofdlovesbsb Well, its hard NOT to love anything on that tour!  It was awesome! I miss it   It was the perfect first concert experience
@di181 Alright sweet! Well, I'm about to have to get back to work.  I'll try to think of some and I'll let you know what I come up with!
Well done Britian, well done 
@Jirwin21 Man, though. Well you can take your laptop to Starbucks I guess.   Or come live with me &amp; my internet for 10 days lol
Well that's a bike ride done, now for a run and a swim. Bloody typical that today's the day I come down with a cold 
@WordofMouthAtl Probably next year. I don't think I'll be able to this year, it's been a REAL expensive month with the new condo... 
Totally frustrated!!!!  Well, at least this loss wasn't as bad as the last--Hedo did his part. Anyone know what's up with D. Howard?? 
@pam_16_gem Well @WincyTA is enjoying spa in SG right now. So she's unlikely to be contactable till the voting has long ended. 
RIP CARL. Well miss your company  he was def the best janitor ever!       R.R!
Narcilepsy ftl  Completely slept through hangout time w/ the crew. Well...back to sleep...
@TucsonResident hahahaha Well, I missed golf but did watch the finals...sad though as I am a Magic fan not lakers 
Well that was the worst nights sleep ive had in a long old time. Worry about Nieces, mortgages &amp; rats kept me awake for most of it 
Well that was depressing  Making baskets for Jackie's babyshower with her... then playing LIFE!!! &lt;33
@mlexiehayden Lol! Everyone says I've been quiet today!!! Idk, just haven't been on that much today  Well, yesterday...
I really miss open arms.  Well time to watch some T.V. and sleep. Going to look at houses tomorrow maybe.
@pennyman I know people who are D23 members. I won't lie, sometimes I miss working for the mouse.  Well, mainly for the free trips to DL!
@jukesie Oh, you need to leave Bristol.  Well done on the job though mate.
Eilidh: Well just watching tele at the moment, nothings on  The joys! :L
Bah - Twitterfox doesn't work on my computer since it was updated. Well it works, but Firefox disappears in the process which isn't good 
@BreatheSuccexy I miss you too!  Well, I'm not sick. But yeah, colds I do have. I always have colds. Stupid swollen turbinates! 
Well, that was a short-lived fantasy. Bob says: 'No.' and he will not change his mind. 
Well I'm still packing... is anyone surprised? Because I am not...Can I get to Atl already? 
Well, Oracles must be adding those alts to their kin. They have knocked almost 20,000 points off our lead since late last night 
@odd_one_in Somedays. lol   Well, I've just been notified that it is time for bed. I'm going to go read or something.  A lil sleepy. 
@KarenAndAndrew Well, one has to live in NYC to enjoy that! Or at least have some free time, which I won't this visit. 
Sup twitties! Well today am really excited to get in this meeting for a huge job offer (omg) am gettn global baby!  luv it! Holla lata!
had a minor prang in the car - the Bishop really should have a wider gate to his orchard. Well miffed 
@Moonchild66 Hurray! Well done him, and you. You can enjoy the summer now 
Well that's rather disheartening, all the internships I can find seem to be about things I know little about  Useless MA! Utterly useless!
Well, its officially official, our DVD player is dead! 
Well at least I got to see John load in, but I missed the show 
@Holleybee  Gutterball'd. Well, um, don't pay it? And shout at them! Loudly.
@AllyWinehouse Well now you know how I feel when I dream that your my girlfriend and you leave me for saMAN..  boooo for rejection!!
Well no vacation for the kiddos , Guy's fever keeps rising 
@gems_looneytune ...and me. Well i have ALOT of sh1t going on round here but holding it together for the kids tonight. Damn men  Thanks x
Well i'm not gonna be takin classes this semester. Start in fall. 
Well im not going anywhere soon. Looks alike i have a flat tire  Pretty dumb that the vehicle doesnt come with a &quot;Spare Tire&quot;
@mitchelmusso Nope.  I've never been to a concert in my whole 14 years of living.  lol Well, Ttyl God Bless.
@Kelly_McFLY33 No what they actually did the nurse regonised me.Well my back is SO SO sore and i can hardly walk  :\  wby ?  x
Camp was good, I'm tired though. And the a/c is broken, it's really hot  Well text me, bbwl.
@dwgirl4life Nothing On Mah Way Home &amp;&amp; I am Tired As Well 
@esnoeijs Well, I have been seeing quite a bit of PHP4 code lately. Some things just won't die 
Listening to the LittlebigPlanet soundtrack through Spotify. Well, it's not like I can through my TV at the moment...it's getting fixed. 
Justin update. Well, they don't know. We are keeping him home for a few days and watching him. He's missing finals. 
@shug24 That sux. Well good thing it cleared up. Good luck tonight!  And we didn't check out scheduling Jordin... 
Well, I'm out of API calls *again*. I wish there was some way to sign up as a #twitter developer to get around this... 
@ohduh Well I guess I'm actually the worst PA ever now!  So sad. haha
@stacyreck Well I gave the fish and water Reiki and dropped in an energy charged stone.  Now we wait and see. 
Well... Happiness isn't in Swiss rolls 
@SeattleWillow //text// That sucks.   Well.  Let me know when you're leaving and I might tag along.  TTYL
 Every boy...Ive never met anyone as cold as them  Well some boys
Leaving Georgia tomorrow.  Well atleast i getta go home. i miss it!! and my friends! God i love my friends! well god is my # 1 ALWAYS!!
@amberrocha haha, aww. Well, my friend and I are SUPPOSED to go get the CD at midnight tonight. But she hasn't texted me yet. 
Peyton just had another seizure.  Well, at least we know the drill now. She's fine, just worried about her Fiesta tomorrow.
Yup, Always let down 
@Classlicity I was thinking, &quot;Well, we could hang out!&quot;, but then I remembered I am boring, too and you are boring in Texas 
@tophatdog Well of course you couldn't leave them behind  Bailey's suffering so much.If it gets much worse what'll you do?! :/
Well since the 9500 Blackberry Storm will b about as much as itll cost me 2 upgrade 2 the 3Gs mid contract might as well stick w/ AT&amp;T 
Well live is down for all tomorrow, looks like I'm sleeping in and no XBOX Live all day. I'm saddened. 
(Well @midgetbrooke I lied lol I tweeted.) But I just got home. Have to much on my mind Im about to breakdown and loose my strength. 
@AlfinaHawaii Well, my dad just called. Mom broke her foot in 2 places.  They're putting her in a splint now.
Well Jane attacked me because i said i was not scared of her, I am still not affraid, She said that i needed a lesson, I dont understand 
Eww, re-filling my phone took hours. Well, copying 5 gigs of songs ain't easy. Had to do it tomorrow. 
END - End of vacation with Boyfie. Hmph.  Well, Boyfie is at work now and to be honest im kind of missing... http://tumblr.com/xzp223pl8
Well my Ipod died idk how it worked this morning And i can't replace it because i bought it in Portugal 
@sfdavide Well, if not, he may have given his Mather not a good reputation 
@CeceSurfCityUsa Well what would you think from someone who doesn't love this country? BHO could care less.  
Ah Well Asda 
@aarkid_chris Well never had stay creased chino's myself but love my proper jeans...hate Lycra in denims  
What am I doing? Well, it's not Patrick Stump  bahahaha, best line I ever made up
is angry at the world.  Well....just the Organic Chemistry world.  It's only 7:58AM and today sucks already 
Well, here I sit. ...sorting through data for the man.  I'm excited though...lots of great weddings coming up in the coming weeks! Fun!
Well, boys and girls, heading out the door to meetings.....   Keep me posted! Ta!  #lions
Meh. Exam didnt went well. Thought it would go better. Well, its passed, so whatev's. Next one tomorrow. Thats a big one and a tough one 
Well my love affair with my first mighty mouse didn't last too long. 5months in and the scroll's knackered  only goes downwards.Bad times!
Listening to a book on tape. Well cd actually... Bored with this trip already  ETA 7:35pm
@drops_of_dmb Well i was by the busses but i was above them.. you couldnt walk down. Fonz came out and talked to us.. didnt get autograph 
Well I have to go to work, my battery on my computer yelling, I need to recharge it.  Talk to you all later.
Well, if I was in Michigan right now, I'd be at my Uncle's funeral. 
Hairdresser canceld! Well upset  was well looking forward to it...
Finally home! Every prom appointment is sorted woo hooo! Well except make up but that will get fixed soon. Man im so hungryy 
@dr_is_in Well, TW fans (hell, let's be fair, fans in general) do that about all sorts of things, not just location. 
What.. AM I DOING!?  Well.. I am currently upset that Xbox Live is down 
@Sondra27 Well, that's the problem I have anyway! lol. I have a printer in the attic but no ink  I just need to print my papers from 2day.
Well, no Paris  so maybe I will go Ab diving?
@DanicaPatrick Well it better than what I did to be sore...the FLU 
Well I see conflict of interest 4 stock brokers by telling CEOs to cut cost (ie staff) so that they can raise the value of the stock! 
No Twilight in over a week. I'm getting healthier!! Well unless you count the NM trailer? Then I'm not healthier 
I don't want to work tomorrow!! Well I guess I have to...  Night
Well that was a waste of an hour driving, was nearly at Dentist &amp; they call and cancel because dentist I was seeing didn't turn up today 
Well, 1 thing down. Plenty more dental work ahead   ugh!! Can't wait untill I'm DONE with everything
@yeemalee But you bought the CD at Wal Mart.. You go to the library to get it fixed? Well, i hope it gets fixed 
@kol1986 Just saw your fan attack. How CRAZY is that.  Well I guess it's more body guards for you 
@Motoko_K Well, if you do like it, don't talk to me about it. 
Well we were 2 for 3 with flights being on time. Alex shall wait a few hours longer 
@portenya0509  Well...Anoop is Southern.
RIP @EvilNecko Well his car anyways...fucking hell.  Good thing no one was hurt but dammit 
Oh @goodwitch you don't follow me. Well FINE then you get no more updates. And my feelings are hurt. 
@abigaeLettuce oh hahaha. Well I'm on my iPod and I can't click it, it just shows up as a regular &quot;...&quot; 
Well, no #tworgy this night.  I'm going to shower and take some fun, sexy self-portraits! Mwah!
Last exam of engineering... Of course, sans project presentation... Hurrah? Well, I am definitely going to miss my friends and college 
@nyc_paris Well... My Uncle Allen thinks I need help 
@jayturley lol. Well, I've seen really really good Weird Al videos. This just isn't what I expected 
@t0fu Well, to be fair if I knew where my extra computer (that runs Hulu+boxee) was in all my boxes, it'd be fixed too. Just so tired 
Well the new iPhone OS is not out yet...  I will go to sleep and if it comes out in the morning! Night all!
Well bad news for Thomas. Hes being flown to Houston. Might need metal braces in his legs  
@lavilicious Yeap gotta kp hoping sweets!   Well i currently am looking fr a job so went fr this interview so was hoping it all goes well!
Well, I HAD a chance.. But I ruined it..  Maybe tomorrow..   *~*Me*~*
Up at 4am and just found out that the launch has been cancelled.  Bummed. Well, back to bed.
@alialsawaf Well good luck for today! Work phoned me in as theyre short so I'm working late. Then got nights over weekend, on Fathers day 
Well now I see why.  I am on AFI's twitter and he probably just went down the list and added everyone. 
Well I'm of to London today for some SHOPPING  Although unfortunately not for me  But Comedy store should be awesome 
@Dr_Touch Well i tried it in Firefox and it worked fine, still in Review tho 
Well the big news is in Chiann is going to have a baby sister or brother, Shane is so not happy right now he's pretty upset  ttyl
Huh? I missed treasury west....... I thought I had a half hour?  Well now I'll wait for main...
Well decided I was going to buy Fever, but it's not able to connect to my database. 
Well my twitter is workin again. But not Tweetie 
It's BACON! Well, Morningstar Farms bacon.  Doesn't get burned when overcooked like real bacon.  Nummy, but not real. No burnedness 
Well, @Iran_hotspot has disappeared 
@msilve I have two days to decide. Well really like a day and a half  please kill me. Direct order.
@myrickstudios Ohhh. Well I haven't beat it like THAT. I just meant the adventure mode. I was feeling all good about myself for that. 
Well i think thats everything. Just gotta get my tooth brush... Cleaning out my hamsters cage now. Blah... 
@flygirljules23 Well, we are considering looking at other providers.  Prob is, we're under contract with t-mobile right now.  
@InTheLittleWood Awh  Well get some headache tablets or whatever into you and some rest and I'm sure you'll be fine (Y)
Is Google having problems? I don't get results for any search  Well I'll have to use bing 
@GStuedler Well I'm not allowed to have anything  My husband's grandfather at one time had an AK47. How he got it, I don't know.
Hey! Well me and my mom were gonna watch the hangover but we missed it so were gonna go another time  ... Tweet tweet
@ddlovato Well, I was praying that you were going to be 1 of the special guests at the JB concert this sat. in Dallas, but i guess not 
I lost my notes in twiiter, what happen?  Well,,, I've read the 'Notting Hill' script again. I love it!
@Mina28 Well here in mexico there is no minimum 
@Assassin10k Well, nuts. I don't know why that would be. 
Well, the wife just sold her Ninja 250. For the first time in several years we are a single-bike family again. 
I wanna give my phone a smack. Well, not really its problem, but I realized I missed some important replies  and missed a BBQ!
@JadoreJeremy Haha! Well I will try calling their SayNow too but otherwise I got nothin'. 
*texts @NCIS_Gibbs* Okay...I guess... 
@kirstiealley Well I was in physical abusive relationship..yes gays get those too. And I think I still love him, sorry can't help Kristie 
@Skamperdans Idr a few months ago. lmao  Well, at least not that. Oh, ok...well my bad. lol
@restrepita Oh boy! Well, I'm glad it was kidney stones and not something else, altho I hear those hurt like a mofo  Good to hear she's ok
@kelseysohns Awh! Well theres a pretty massive hole in my bed that you can sit in heh. I miss you, is that even possible? Awh man. 
Well, no Gulf Shores  But it's okay..already got alternate plans ;)
Tried to call a friend but only got her machine  Well, I'm off to make cinnamon pinwheel scones. Nomnomnomnom.
@C4TV Well i was lyk, Nah i wont win so thn i pt on da Stereo knowing i wudnt win it dn lyk @5.50 i checkd ma fone - 1 missed call! 
@abbeygaill55 Well, then I look forward to discussing this with them! I MISS MACEY  --- MANDA !
@msproductions Well ain't that the truth. Where'd the damn auto-lock disable go? Copy/Paste is good and all, but, eh... I expected better 
Well went to walmart with my friend Alex..  didn't see the hott boy tonight though 
@theglitch Well it's either a different actor or no joker. It's not like we can petition for Heath... 
Well, i now hate my Dog, damn git woke me up at 5am by licking my ear :S been awake since and have work at 10am 
Broke my phone... Yet again!  fml! Well I won't be in touch for a while! I love you all goodnight
Well, it officially hit me at 3:47am that I'm leaving BG for good. Now I need someone to come dry my tears 
Doesn't Feel Well 
@Galley87 Jewish and you're not interested? Well that -is- strange lol. Apparently he's good though, don't have time to read these days 
@kateblogs Well, cool in a different sense - it is FREEZING here in the harbour city! I think it's freezing away followers too  Is it me?!
Well, I'm off to Del Rio. Dropping off my nephew and sis-in-law. I'm going to miss his little face so much. 
Remember all that shrimp I was talking about? Well I ate some baked stuffed last night &amp; marinated rest. The bowl fell and BROKE! so sad 
You lot are all rubbish! Chance for a kickaround and no-one's biting! Well hardly anyone 
Well Jeep is not ready yet  hopefully by the end of the day it will be.... Going to have to reschedule a few meetings today. Wish me luck.
@qjohn Haha! Well, my only REAL weekend is Sunday. 
@5th_Ave_P oh shit! Well lucky you! I wish I was that forumate! 
@lewzscruz Image Link! Well blame it on d latency...d tweet on r/s happend 2 b ur last d tweet 'dn'  will chk it out nw...
@AnneDivine whats the fun in not picking on me?  Coming home? Well, uhmm... just pretend u never left... and don't act scared even if u r!
Well tweeps, mother in law is on her way. Not much hope for my twitter addiction today.    Tweet 'ya later!
@iamdez Haha, you? Well, I knew it must be an engineer. And sadly, my 500MB/month cap means no youtube 
@KL44 Well.. all that is possible at the great Garden city.. 
@Stuntman03 Awww...  Well, just know you're gonna get yours ;) It won't always be that way
Well I WON'T be going to see #Ohmymaybee spin tonight so back to the Cellar for the regular happy hour gig it is.. kind of disappointed 
@J_P6 Well, they changed them again today. CPW actually has 'order now'...do i dont i 
Well, it appears that interview #1 is a no-show.    Blah!  Must sit here for another hour, hoping #2 shows.
Sooo sad that I'm not working today. I know, right? Well... Kobe's having a parade down Main Street USA today. 
Well - TGIF for me - no work tomorrow.  Supposed to go to Wonderland, but looks like the weather is not going to cooperate!  
@maroon5 Aww poor Jimmy  I misspell things all the time. Well I don't hate you even if you can't spell tattoo right lol
went tanning with Brit in preperation for her wedddding... Well, she tanned. I burned, baby, burned. 
Well that was fun while it lasted. Power was out and now its back on. 
Well that's awkward... At least it's just potted plants in there... Bring back the fountain  http://twitpic.com/7qf6a
Well, it's MEGA hot out, I just found out I have to teach class tomorrow, AND the boss wants me to rush my TEM work.... goodbye weekend 
...Well aware that sounded very Pringles-esque but trust me, I have no Pringles 
Well hello there, Belmont, nice to see you again.  Pity Jameco is on the ugly side of town 
Crap. Well-meaning friend has just made me uber-depressed and feeling useless. 
Well my super-fantastic day has pretty much gone to shit. Grrrr 
Online shopping is the perfect rainy day activity. Well, I can clean my room too, but I don't get to spend any money 
Well actually #Pandora MOBILE plays (background) but iTouch does not 
Well @robertpurfield seen as i'm a Dual role parent i'm claiming a steak too so! It'll prob be round steak tho- i'm on a budget! 
@Floss213 Well it's still good no one was hurt. As for pro - no help yet. 
Well the radiator is busted on our van. Tour is going to be put in hold 
Goin to third street promenade with my sister.  Shoe shopping.   Well she's shoe shopping...I'm watchin.  I'm poor.
Well Kelsi  left... its a little boring but now i can rest a few minutes... then i have to go work 
@nandoism Well... I just looked at the date and I can't anyway  I'll be in NC for my cousin's wedding, but Bday Bashes are the BEST
Well... I'm still Heartbroken 
Awww I gotta download the newsy iTunes before I can get my iphone update  I may have to wait til tomorrow to do it all lol. Well that sux.
Well, the test sucked. I hope I at least pass. Sigh 
#SYTYCD  Worst Lip Syncing EVER. Well maybe not ever, but it's B.A.D.  Plus I think my guy is going home. He had the worst solo. 
@penguinRIOT @miikex - Well, sucks to be you guys! I made a few new friends because of it. No Freerealms for me...Laptop can't handle it. 
Well great. All that shower did was relax me. #FML 
Well opening night here in Shields went well.  Tomorrow is supposed to be rainy  but we will see how it goes!
@grinthock Damnit  Well either way, trust me - it's the BEST IM app ever.  Have it on my iPod Touch and BB.  It's #epic
@phillipmaddox Well, then I don't know...I had one in my home directories' Library/iTunes  
Nope sorry now R.I.P Cleo, he's floating to the top.... &lt;/3 Well.. half floating... 
@stephenhartley  im sorry hun, Well we did get prepared but i guess we really werent that ready!! Silly car!!
@KittyYuMeow   KITTY! Well... I guess you'd never think that I'd find this comment on here! You dont share with your FB ppl 
Well okay maybe Il set up my background another day...Photoshops ...not being nice 
@b3noit Well that seems to be the American trend now-a-days. And it seems to be Americans currently fueling this internet mass hype. 
@Raymole Nooo, not a bitch. Well something like it. A jerk!  dah la i love michael
Well I am 2for3 in my bottom 3 pick for SYTYCD.  
Well, the red sox lost  but that's ok cause the Yankees lost too :-D
Well... NO cuz then he'd be sad.  But I would be happy!  No! I'd feel bad!  (At first!)
Well, it is time for bed. Some of us have to get up at 5:30 am for work  Talk to you tomorrow!!
I miss my baby   I want to see his haircut soon! Well anyway, tomorrow is a busy day for me. DMV, then Samara's grad @ WHS.
Well folks, due to transportation problems I won't deport from Denver until the 27th 
@AnthonyDollar  ..That Was Actually My Dads Name As Well.
@PrincessSarahXx - Well at least we know you're on the mend finally!! Your Doctor is absolutely useless 
@andyharris  Is that all. Oh well!  Well at least she got through on Celeb Masterchef! (apparently!) ;)
Well played around with Wordpress a little today and added a few seemingly necessary plugins.  now I just need to work on my theme 
Well, got a funeral to attend today for one of the sister's mother  But on the bright side may be visiting mine in Aug if all goes well!!
watching Changeling.  Well, sort of - I don't like the nasty bits so I go look at restaurant city during them and just listen 
@Aydsman Bummer.  Well I hope you get out of there soon!
Well, she was going to get her ass kicked by somebody anyway, might as well be to a quality player like Venus. 
Well, she was going to get her ass kicked by somebody anyway, might as well be to a quality player like Venus. 
Well that's it.  The Zune is lost.  17 hours of nothingness........here I come.  
Well Landin is off to the day-care!   well I know he will have lots of fun, but ill miss him today.
Well, it's travelin' time again. I'm already nausious. This is NOT going to be a good day. 
@BridgetteBanxxx  sorry you sick. Get Well Soon  hope you feeling little better.
Well...well I got a very bad grade on my sociology final. Depending on what my overall GPA is, I may have my financial aid cancelled. 
Well stopped to potty and the car won't crank. Timing belt broke. This is not good at all! 
Gah! I'm such a n00b! I forgot my pedometer in the car  Well, I picked up a FastPass for Space Mountain to returm in 40 minners.
@katscratched Two doggies in the ER in one week?  Well, Kahlua can play with Cooper now. *sympathizes* I'm sorry.
Yep broken toe.    Well...fractured toe. Ice and elevation here I come
Well that was a first. I found out what the barf bags are used for on airplanes. Barf. 
@ms_cornwall Well, I spent most of my money in Benidorm, so I have no beer money till monday  so quiet night in for me! lol x
@KoreanCelt Well now I feel jealous, Caliche's is a three hour drive away for me. 
@MsAsHleY33 Well then thats what you should do. I wish I was there to help you with Madelin.  I feel bad for you.
Well that was a shit game  Oh well! Off to the pub now, but I'm driving so no booze! 
Sigh. Well, this is shaping up to be a day full of wondrous magic. 
@ChaosSmurf Well I'm trying to install it on a freshly formatted partition, but it tells me it can't copy the files. Google is no help 
@rodrigofoca Well, I only have PPC Macs around here. 
Well consensus seems to be 'Hot Sluts on Heat' over DaVinci Code for me and OH, unfortunately the out-laws are round! 
@chris_remo HAHAHA  good one!  Well I didn't end up goin  although I still really want 2...
I did a typing speed test and scored 223 CPM = 45 WPM at http://speedtest.aoeu.nl/ &lt;&lt; Well, it is little bit slower than te last time 
Well guys, I think this is it. SIL just took Hanne to the vet for what is sounding like her ... very last visit 
Well I successfully sent a message via SMS but it cost 50p! Quite a lot of money to send a meaningless message to no-one. Not too happy. 
@buddalunch Well I'm glade your husband made you happy!! LOL new day but still mad at my BF 
@manyafandom Well then sign me up. Lol. I love AIEK but TA is hurting my heart right now. 
Dude, I seriously have not texted/called anyone today. Well yeahh.. I tried but no one called/texted back!  did I do something? Baha!
@brkdancenothrts Well what I mean is, because it's like, Taco Bell AND KFC, they won't carry TB's drinks. It's stupid. 
@Monica0817 awww, bb.    Well, at least you have something to look forwad to later. It's super loverly ;)
@Amanda_A Well then you didn't look close enough. Those scary monsters are everywhere there! Uh.. I'm gettting nightmares for sure 2night 
Free! Well, until 1 pm tomorrow 
@bayougirlmc1 Well we found out she has severe VUR and two ureters on each side so it's x2 worse. She'll need surgery 
Well, I just had an interesting experience with a blue screen of death.  Great.  #BSOD
Well - I tried to save some money by consolidating my GoDaddy accounts - should have exported my WordPress first   Two years of posts????
@TheMariachiHour Well, I'm visiting my parents here, pero there's lots to do in the DFW area. Rangers are out of town now, unfortunately. 
Cookie dough recall  Well, great time to go on a diet  http://bit.ly/SbhPY
I sent a bunch of messages today while out and none of them came through.  Well, I had an interview with a Modeling agent today..and it
Well. At least i saw her. Part that sucks though is shes being a jerk 
Well, I hopefully don't get sicker by tomorrow morning, if I do, I can't travel to Door County 
Of course it happens right after MS stops giving out coffins too.. and it was totally random. Skate 2 killed it  Well, RIP 360 #2
Well my internet still isn't working. Going to sleep I guess, work at 10am tomorrow 
@supervisionx Well it's too late now cuz I already took work home w/ me  BUT start my day w/ Macchiato sounds good! ;-)
So u know how I cry at like everything. Well this episode of Angel just got me all teary-eyed. 
@madlymint Oh, not good.  Well, I just finished watching a few episodes of True Blood. Have you ever seen the show? It's amazing!
Well, packed and ready to start the vacation in Florida! Oh by the way we sucked tonight at the RedHawks stadium... 
I really need to get to bed before 3am this week. Well I guess there is always next week. T-Minus 12 days until I am out of Florida 
Coffee anyone? Well, I guess I am going all by myself. 
Going to Jerudong Park..later. Haven't been there since..(*thinks*)..Hmm.. Well, I missed out when it was free 
@vettyvet I totally forgot to pay you again  Well there'll be more classes to come. and THANK YOU sOoo Much for the gift! I love it!
No Berlin for me  Well, we'll see if I'll be there as a fan, not as an author. Well, Peace and Ire- we've got a long way to go!
Uhmm... Well i went to go watch the Netball LIVE my team lost in the last 20 seconds.... So guttered  
http://twitpic.com/7w18o - Well Alfie goes home tonight, I'll miss his snoring. 
@GwangjuSam Well said the Rumour/ propaganda Machine (human)got a power (twitter) to spread Shit(sometime love) v not doing good to #Iran 
@sambulance  shocked there wasno police on hand. Always see loads in Leeds on a fri night. Well sucks.
Well it's saturday! Hubby has to work today.  Ethan decided to get up at 5:30 this morning. I'm going to finish my kits!
@BenjaminVJones ooh say hello to Taunton to me when you pass! why are you there? Well, only BOYS are left 
Well, if I wanted to move to Oklahoma and work in a prison library, I probably could. If it were a federal job, I might. It's privatized. 
Phonetics, IB and Management classes tomorrow... No preparation for those yet...Only the night left... Well, yeah, I am a talent... !!  
@nabilayusoff You hate it?  Well that sucks! &amp; no it's not the same dude. Different dude.
Well done to Seb V! Pity Nando's 10th  Lol @ lewser! He belongs on the bottom row! And pussycat slut is there, ewwww.
@Dynonugget We don't have them here  Well not WA.
Missing out on a BBQ right now  Well, better to be save then sorry when feeling sick, but still no fun
Well I'm awake. Happy about it...no. I am not!  still so sleepy!!
Well, it's no surprise our pond flooded last night-Beach washed away  Basement is surprisingly dry considering our house is 150 yrs. old.
@ncheck44 Well so far it feels awful! No service and we can't tell who's phone is who's because the phone number isn't showing up  16GB
Pushkin's blood glucose in 6h of 4units of vetsulin=156. Goes up  Well, on the optimistic note - let's see rest of the glucose curve
Well I dident get the Nissan Maxima I wanted today  I am going to another dealership at 4:00pm to see if they have the model I want.
@jairo42 trying not to evaporate huh? Well, I'm trying to figure out how to build an arc. It's been raining like crazy here in PA. 
@OfficialKat Well, I'd think it would be sad. 
@KayTyler Well, Setanta is about to go under. 
Well that bike ride was made of FAIL! Really out of shape girl made it half way there and felt like she was gonna pass out. 
Well, off to the Cities.  Visiting the Speers, then wedding!  No dancing tonight though.  
This rain is enough to suck the life out of me but not out of the first 7 1/3 of the game I had a ticket to. Well, one Johan start down. 
@ddlovato Well I want to tell you that I watched PPP and I cried every time that Rosie and Carter did  It was BEAUTIFUL
@Amealiaa Aww!! Well... you got me!! haha. Vlad's upstairs?! WTF! Random... You serious about callin you?! Mum's asleep nextdoor though 
Well i feel pretty ill right now. Coffee plus alcohol equals bad 
Well im not getting any comments back from @tommcfly  oh well !! Night my 26 follwers lol  going to finish watching big brother!
@lovable_leo Hell yes! Well, except there are these things called laundry and groceries... 
@eeepchristinaa Well hurry up and figure it out!! LOL. It'll be awhile before Giulia can come though.  Mono is like spreading all over.
@ankurb Well, the Miley jokes are taking over my timeline. 
Well I was going to build a computer out of the parts I have lying around but I cut the sata plug off my PSU for my XBOX so that's a fail 
So upset I missed the Greek picnic. Well not really but it still wouldve been fun 
@CoffeebreakDMV: Well, you save money of dish detergent if you order out, right? Oops! Bad influence! 
Well looks like my savings will be going towards Kenny fund AND a new camera now..... 
@heidiheartshugs Well.&quot;Kinda&quot; cos that thing for me doesnt feel like work.Does that make sense?Day job today 
@Poison_Ivy4 no gym in the world will make them love me. Well I could buy a bigger size but then they would be too big in the waist 
@joejoekrq Well, when you find out I hope it is good news or at least not too bad.  Poor thing   Take it easy ~ oxox's
@DanAmrich Well, it was the fact that TB was EMPTY!  Our raid group went all spastic and our healers got lost. 
@MGiraudOfficial Well if you have Kris right there tell him we said Hello and hope he had a wonderful Birthday!! And sorry no I don't 
@PreppyDude Well sort of. High desert. Mtns are just a few min away.  I wish it was cooler in the house! It'll be 95 this week tho. 
Well I am going to crash for a few hours to get a lettle rest before we head home.  Vacation is over.  
Well plans change.  Headed to Canada tomorrow, Grandfather isn't doing well so me and the girls are headed up earlier than expected 
Well my sister and brother-in-law left kinda sad!! Idk when I'll see them again!! 
@DDsD @Tarale  Well yeah. You never know whats going to happen and suddenly your out having lunch with people. Hasn't happen yet 
I can't speak English!  [Well, a litter]. Huhuhu!!! ( . Every body don't understand Vietnamese
Well this is disappointing. GAH I always fall for this kinda sht. Makes me depressed 
Well, of course, many more things other than #iranelection; the Asian tsunami, wars in Iraq, famine in Africa, where ppl hv suffered 
@wendyrama Well, hell. Apparently, yes.  Curse our conflicting coasts. Must. Coordinate. Better.
Well, there's the good head I had enjoyed for the past day. Feel like shit now and I don't think it's the hangover. 
@SCC_Skwerl You mean tomorrow? Well, probably like 30 minutes earlier would be better. But I'm afraid I'll chicken out 
@TeamTechnology Well, yes. It seems to me that &quot;traditional&quot; management practices tend to promote nerds into ICT manager positions. 
And Dumbo!  Who wants to have a Disney move marathon in the near future?! No one? Just me? No takers? Well EFF YOU!
@MissRoshni awww! Well, Ishaan has chicken pox!  so he's resting at home with shobi! Xx
@tonyburkejnr Well done to yer MOTHER! Did ye see the new Topman? I bought half of it  not good on my Credit Card!
Well done again to everyone. Had a  fantastic weekend! Sorry can't make the pub  #sicamp
Well, either i forgot something or paeducator mixed something up and my Child abuse form isn't there. ugh. 
Well our camping days are over today  &lt;+Ostara's Mommy+&gt;
@ellelabellxo Well i wanted to say no Yogi's as in Yogi Bear but twitter didnt have enough characters 
Grrr stupid external hard drive isn't working!!! Well now I gotta get all my shit off my iPod and start again 
@DaveTheAandR Well that'd do it. I wonder why? Works perfectly for me. 
@XShear I've given up on Heros, its become so shit that I can't be bothered with it, I stopped mid Season 3. Well gutted it got shit 
@Vera_Icon Well, war is some thing that us humans seem to do far too much of....  But somethings are definitely worth fighting for....
@KimWetter Well Kim they died. Thanks for reminding me 
Well, my PC can't run SFIV. 
Well off for round 2 of PT  5 mins of stright plyo box is fucking lame lololol but worth it.
Well bummed! Driving lesson not till next week now 
Well, I'm sitting in the waiting room of my Dr office. My appointment was supposed to be 25 minutes ago 
@ItsOnAlexa NO! He's not feeling well?! Well, I hope he feels better soon 
Well no sushi date tonight with Tyson.. he had to leave this morning  Damn inconsistent job!
Well i don't get it but i guess i will try. Getting ready to go to court. 
Well, so much for the fucking stalkers having &quot;laid off&quot; during this whole PR stunt stuff going on 
@youngBiz1 Aww man  Well if for some reason you're wanting to plan another visit around that last week (26th-Aug1st) let me know!
Woah so many replies! Thanks... Well that sucks ass 
Well i found my massage therapist (@TZilahy)...But she lives in Texas 
Alright.... Time to work again   Well at least my laundry is done and ready for packing. Now I have to do dishes before my trip. lol
Well pissed off. Sacred 2 main quest has bugged out on me and I cant continue. So that's that binned! 
@backstreetboys Ok I understood yet.... powering down!   Well... I love you I love you I love you I love you!! Venezuela loves BSB!! OK
@CallMeQuell Really? Guess I oughta pay more attention  Well, now I know why none of my links or app logins have ever worked.
Carlo. Well yes I know not all guys are jerks. But the one me and my friend are dealing with is a HUGE jerk!! 
Well, it's unfortunately clear that Nintendo no longer has any love for me. 
@collegepolitico Well, he is the President, I mean, he can go to the kitchen and eat all the chocolate ice cream whenever he wants, too. 
Dad cut his achilles! In surgrey! Get Well daddyo! 
@Rob5six2 that stinks! Well u may see it b4 me 
http://bit.ly/18w0LF  Well, this explains it. Lol. I'm not sure who wants to know what I'm always doing though. Aw. 
Well guess I won't know how the movie ends til later. Sis threw a fit so we had 2 stop it....special 
Well ppl its 315am haven't slept yet. I don't think ima sleep tonite at all. 7hrs til 1 of the worst moments of my life. Pray for us plz 
Well that was a pleasant evening, not  come on Docs hurry up and open!
@softblood Well...I'm not making any money otherwise. I just feel guilty  Korea has not been finalized, but most positions are beg of Sept
Well apparently the Blue Ribbon automation doesn't work too well. Oh well  #Gilad
@becky_allgood .. Well im cosy too  .. Yeahh Come with me to drama studio too, lets hope its open this time (yn) cos i still need...
@ekkescorner I agree. Well, IP cleanliness has upsides and downsides 
Ich bin zur Zeit arbeitslos. = I'm currently unemployed. [ #German #phrases ] - Well, not me - but nowadays many people are 
Well that was an exciting morning at the hospital! Shame I can't remember it after passing out  I am also now a fetching shade of yellow!
Back to office.. Han't yet done with my so called weeked loads.. and its back boring day again..  Well anyhow managed to enter gym floors.
@LouisTrapani Well exactly, I guess I was being a bit facetious. It's very doubtful they'd release any SD/BD Who any time soon if ever. 
Well Twitterville doesn't look like I'll have much of a choice. I have to go w/o facebook and twitter. I'll only have texting and calls 
@orbie23 @lynsoliver @Paraldasfyre @Fairywispa Well, I tried to get an acupuncture appointment, but they couldn't fit me in  Doing my
Well my water heater is OFFICIALLY broken!!  No hot water!! I can't believe it!!
Well, I guess I have to go brush my teeth again (kjaslgja garlic) and then actually get dressed. Uggh I dun wanna go to the dermatologist 
Well, The front-ending was nice. Turned out there is some back-ending to do as well, I'm not enjoying myself 
@sharifedak I'm about to be in Towson! Well in an hour. hoho. i dont like raspberries though 
@msgoofy1970: Well, I owe ya some gas money...but it's not near that much.  Be careful with Wayne. 
@danamac Well, it was more funny than interesting. Giggle worthy. But no gift shop. 
Well miss you Farrah. 
Dancing around the room in Pjs, jamming to my ipod. Getting dizzy. Well twitter, you asked! 
@Pope_Mello Well yeah! I only noticed cuz i'm BB too. 
Well in the past two days I have had 45 min. of sleep.  I'm going to watch TV while laying in bed and try to sleep.. Night peepers 
@cameradeath  Well we're glad you're back.  Any pics from Curvy?
@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/2xzoe - Cool  Well done Frankie.
Well the sun is shining and I'm feeling guilty 'cos I've neglected the garden. Seed sowing and weeding today methinks 
@cosmicgirlie Lol! Well I spent all weekend in bed... Also need to go buy stuff to make CAKE!!!!  
Well the patient is up and about now so Nurse Noble off to shower her  with care and comfort, tweet later 
@barleduc if you're in Soho swing by Lex St, we have LOADS of cookies for charity!    Well done on the run too
@TranceMansion Well i'm long on $SRS so i'm counting on it 
@bencurtis Well, you DO realize that its all YOUR fault, don't you? What an inconvenience you are! 
Nothing is really going on today... Well, I AM going to this awesome restaurant for lunch. I might hang out with Vince, though... BYE!!! 
@paulsullivan33 Well want is always fun.   I hope you get your DSi! LOL
@MetalHaze Well the alpha is better than those for a big secret reason!  #DestroyTwitter #Tweetdeck #twitter
@nathanrdotca OOC: Well, mission accomplished! Been giving out clues as to what it is - through my counterpart, that is. 
@KathleenOrland Well my family is Jamaican ... so we don't do too much of the southern cooking, mostly Island food 
@ekampf Well, i only like the &quot;Laphroaig&quot;. Other than that,well....she's right 
@jeanettejoy  Well said.  Never follow someone because of their name, follow because they have something worth listening too 
@KrisjeLena Well that's a great idea!!!  Does he still want to go knowing it's in the 'gay' street of Amsterdam? LOL
Well after much public transport shenanigans: finally approaching Bristol. Huzzah! 
Took fenders of the beast,  seems rain tracks me! Well sun is out today  everyone enjoy the ride!
@Beardy Well, maybe not, but that's what I'll be doing. 
@RelleY808 Aight... Well, I had to ask!? LOL 
Indian was delicious!! Well done Gill 
@KristiRyczek gotcha! Well let's hang out when Steff is in town. Just not at red salt. 
I'm kind of a big deal. Well accoding to Lips anyway 
@linnetwoods Well that's made my day. Winning your quiz. Thanks again for ur gr8 commitment to running it. Taking part is reward enough 
@EvilGeniusCSI Well, if you found the dress, then you must get and wear the dress!  Remember, the day is really about the girl. 
@elicab Aw. Well if u ever feel like flying over 2 con it up i'll help u find a place 2 crash... I once flew 2 London 4 a Buffy con, btw. 
@goglobalwebs Well, if you believe all the talk of earthquakes and California becoming an island, maybe someday you'll have an ocean. 
@GrowWear Yep! Specially since I'm planning on publishing one interview every 4-5 days!  Well, so many great people to spotlight! 
Well never stop stop stop - Port might have the power to win but crow don't  Goodluck thunderbirds for today's game against vixens
@JIMSALEMNH Well, Teepees (or Tipis) are more conical without the straight sides. Yurts could be considered &quot;flattened&quot; tipis. 
@carrottopdot  True!  Well, I'll drive past Fantastico...if they're not open, I'll just keep going.  
She drove good. Well. We didnt die. Sleeping with em 
@tonicate10 I guess all we can do for Adam is vote, vote, vote. Well, I need to sleep, but it was lovely tweeting with you. 
@RainyTheHorse Yikes! Well hopefully my dogs don't go thinking they can talk on the phone for THAT long! 
Anyone care to comment on last nights Hells Kitchen?? Well.... 
yay! Well done to Vettel! I'm so happy! Well done to Red Bull! their first win!  
Well done Red BUll in the F1 , it obviously does give you wings 
@Sammii_xxx Well there you go! The bag is gorgeous. I can't wait to see you using it! 
My niece and nephew slept over and we were warned that they wake at 6AM on the dot. Well it wasn't completely true. They were up at 5:57 
@Jayme1988 Well, that is just lovely my dear. Cleaning the garden and geting ready to plant the seeds of life.  @jiggleaud must be proud.
@TheGunBlade Enjoying it but it gets really hard with all the side quests  Well worth the money though.
@cjhyde Well, I've only read Moby Dick once. . . 
@JuiCybella  your sleep as well uh? Well GM when u wake up 
@kate_liane Same here. Well, apart from watching Penelope.. I guess I'll stick to either House or Twilight instead. 
@smosco Ohhhh I was wondering about that, US only mobile updates, huh? 3 pm Well good day to you then 
@RUTHvampire Well, Wuuth, M'confused cuz of my Physics 
@gadfly1974 Well, its me LCC's webguy checking this out, kinda neat  Looking forward to the ceremony as well!!!
@butterflyy2000 Yeah, I really should, huh?!!  Especially since I have Tonsilitis!  Silly me!  Well, talk again soon!  Have a good day!  
@JayRay Well it wasn't home made... I came INS giant 15lb bucket. But we dyed it 
@FabGirl Well, it's less CREEPY anyway. 
Well darn, It did it again!  I got the wrong Pebbles.  I will go searching for the right one.  
@thesunhasset Well, cheer up Charlie, give us a smile then  hahah
Just got out of church  fun fun wondering what to do today.  Well the craw fish festival is going on in Biloxi tonight ? Should I go???!??
@Burrite Well Kinda working blind but anyway working on a paper for another class. Soon to continue with the first draft  see u tomorrow.
Well done Ipswich what a fantastic day 
@toddbarry http://twitpic.com/3lqc8 - Well. Wow. You are a gentleman and a scholar sir!  Fair play!
Weekend almost gone!? Ouch. Still need 2 hours of study. Well, BBQ was worth it at least 
@Chewysnova Well, SOMEONE lives in Haines, so has nothing to be jealous about!  
@StephStricklen Well at least I have Quantum Leap to cheer me up. 
@taylorswift13 You are a legend! I cant get enough of your music, it rocks!!! I &lt;3 invisible and Should've said no  Well i love them all!
@megelder True  LOL! Well, he's gone now. Water for the win.
Ughhhhh wow, she's really been bothering me lately. Well I'm gonna get off. Night coops 
@Leabella Sweet signoff...Rest Well! 
@jtwee Nope, don't think the Safety Dome was there hun. They had an amusing exhibit on banks that I ripped the piss out of 
@clayclream My mind? Well....you gotta be a little nasty to be a good lover, eh? You're welcome for that puppy.      XXX
is trying to kick Sheeps high score on Mario Kart!  Actually, just trying to get IN our charts at all :S
@kcarruthers @middleclassgirl reminds me of Maxwell Smart, looking at inkblots: &quot;Well you're the one with all the dirty pictures!&quot; 
@Sir_Almo Well your Ekka is over.Whats next on the agenda. Popping in and out of The Valley lol 
@bigcam01 Well it's an idea if it would make life easier for me. Large garden and I HATE gardening. Go figure... 
@DianaRusso Noticed that after I sent the Tweet.  Well, at least now I don't have to go into mourning for you. 
Lol! Well I am responding via my Blackberry phone so let me know if you get this message 
Well I think its time for me to retire from the world of twittful things! Thanks everyone for being so cool! talk 2 yall 2morrow...Night! 
@ADigitalNomad Well, I hope she would have realised what she was doing ;) Nite nite, sleep well! 
@TheCRMGuy Well the LotR book wasn't exactly perfect either. But at least it was more clear about the good and evil entities. 
@SuicidalSteve Well a Ferrous [sic] Wheel is made of Metal 
@copperlegend Well if you have ever seen &quot;Leonard Part 6&quot; you would know that something healthy like a granola bar can be deadly. 
@Elizabeth_N Well, ummm...YES! I'd love to think of you writing your own biz plan as a great way to get &quot;unburied.&quot; 
@Hordern Well don't show the the next one -  just got side swiped by a semi got a pic but not clear enough  He kept going after I stopped
@justroxonmute Well done Rox  totally happy for you. Come over some time before the school day starts dude. I miss you &lt;3
@michellealow Well there are still some root beers and ice cream in the fridge at the office...might need to have RB float monday as well 
@robinreagler  Well, Hi There!   How you doing?
@C_Joy Well get thee over there!  I can't be the only updating fool 
Well now, bottle service at TAO. 
@hollyhadsell I miss, miss, miss Hawaiian food. Feed me poke 24 hours. lol. Lau-lau...poi..mmmm. And Kona coffee. Well, I'm well stocked. 
@ThatKevinSmith Well, I did my part. Now get out there and drum up some more! 
@Metroliner Well then, that iMac is a huge upgrade for ya!  Enjoy it   I'm still jealous.
Well ice cream party was easily my favorite of the night. Amazing energy and awesome music, plus i know those guys  U should buy their cd!
@RealHughJackman You looked incredible, Hugh. And you definitely know how to convey emotion through your craft. Well done. 
Ahh bedtime! My favorite time of day.. Well.. NIGHT! 
Well, I'm here  Everone can relax now ;)
Well, thank you, T-Mobile   http://twitgoo.com/1kyr
@garymurning Well, YOU said to not ask 
@Fanny_Ingabout Well said....got a MUCH better day planned tomorrow....feeling brighter already 
i stayed up talking to Sukhee for 5 hours...instead of writing my paper.  Well worth it 
@dootsiez Well I comfort myself with the fact that Fed will still have gained points from Rome. 
@simondoggett @katematlock  so far sofa is looking like a DFS job and the bed... Well I had a few suggestions on that!
Awake... At 5:41 am??????  Well, I guess I like that the sun is already up these days, at this time 
@LAMBDangerZone Well, I'll just buy you a new batch of chocolates. Something new for your bday. 
@matt_cox Well, THIS idiot (me), is no longer there. 
The Cartel is coming... keep your eyes on The Green Well tomm... or for those of you still up 
@Nymphh Well, Hello  This is awkward. I can't attach any song for you.
@cillian23 Yeah, I'm here. I came home from practice. Well, not really. I indirectly went to practice. See other post for more details. 
@colbsi Well the going rate in this house is $2 for a small one $5 for a big  kids got an IOU for $5 
@davidschwimmer : Well I hope I helped  1 more follower!! ))) Youre great! I wish you the best of luck!! 
says Well, that pasta dish worked  Bolognese w/ red wine &amp; black olives--I don't know what to name it, but a... http://plurk.com/p/rdp58
@hyermish Well Howard, you've got to be faster  That Honda would make a great tuner car today!
@nate_bobdole Well, I have to clean my room before I can do anything.... But I'm sleeping over Katies tonight... Philles game &amp; Jonas! 
@annieluvsdmb Did I say I 'love&quot; in Canada? Well, I guess I do....but I &quot;live&quot; here too. 
@masonmiller Well you and Profitt can carpool to my party! 
@Reema226 Well, fine, I shall quote Resnick &amp; Halliday formulae again, please don't unfollow 
Just checking in, guys...I see y'all are behaving...Well some of you are...  I'm gone back to work...Be back in a bit...
@PupaKat Agreed. A friend who works for Citrix and used to work for Apple confirms that.  Well done!
Well. Saw Inkheart. Quite enjoyed it, really. 
@soBOMB I sure will the city going crazy right over the Bulls, Well to bad I'm a Lakers fan 
Bev's b'day tomorrow so I'm cooking lunch. Well, bbq'ing so not hard work. She has A tonight apparently - good luck is all I can say! 
@MirandaBuzz Well I'm going to go to bed now and try to sleep this sickness off. Good night. 
@TinyKsass Oh Well Tis Not The First Time 
@Lady_Noremon Well.. if you're all by yourself, you can't be bad company either.  
@simplychaoticxx: Bummer.   Well, let me know your schedule when you can. I'm free pretty much all the time for the next little while 
@CackleberryKids  lol well i do need glasses so maybe i missed it Its okay I see it now!! Well Done 
Well good bye cruel cruel world lol, PO Twetter Peeps, Till we Tweet again 
@TotallyQueer81 Hehe. Well I can't figure anything out so im off to bed. Have a good one and ttyl. 
The last time! Well no worries, those who know him &amp; I..He's available 2 sit @ home 2 watch movies w u... Fire  git it gurl!
Well FINALLY here! Just to star my session  http://twitpic.com/4h155
@snedwan Well Done 
@GadgetGuyOnline Well done Mrs GadgetGuy! 
@trent_reznor @mariqueen Sending love and happiness!  Well wishers from nin.com... http://forum.nin.com/bb/read.php?9,649852,page=1
@cacsb911 Oh OK. Well, hopefully you'll still have time to have fun 
@AlexCave Well done you two!! You can eat a big cream cake now!! Oops sorry i forgot it was Alex i was talking to!!!  JOKE!
@DigitalRelish Well theres a boat. Gripping footage I must say 
@EverywhereTrip Well, would you call Bangkok by its real, full name? http://tinyurl.com/dxns5z LOL 
@mzondag Well, you would have to work for one of the members of the board of directors at Audi 
@noonnoon Well I put on mask when going out to CWB and MK anyways (bad air)  So now no so weird for me actually 
@Rove1974 my partner told me I am wrecking the logies by telling him you shared this  Well done
Well i going to meet my love Ari and then church and then food and then we are going to take the last final! yay 
@jennettemccurdy Wow, so early eh?! Well Goodmorning! 
@ebrown2112  My son catergorized Opeth as progressive folk death metal. Well anyway it was meant as a compliment ebrown  
@tina_lindsey Well that's not so bad   Unfiltered real-time random, is the world ready?
Djokovic lost. Fuck...Well, at least it was a good match 
@vindee Well I'm not free, but I'm quite affordable.   Vanishing cookies is a great name!
Well, twitters, good-night and sweet dreams  XOXO Tehila
@BearTwinsMom Well, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Wife loves her glider, too 
@TrishToxin Well I guess  yer gonna hafta start driving 2 so u can die while tweeting w/ the rest of us  Wouldnt want u 2 b left out
@joeymcintyre Well, no, but then, I didn't think you were mad to begin with. Hot, but not mad. 
We are at the airport and through security. Home in a few hours... Well after the drive from DIA 
@lgladdy Well done, you got that one.  Darn IMDB. 
@tommytrc  You are an ass.  And yes I do mean it!  Well, maybe not for you anymore.  Mr. Smartypants.
@jhenry47 Well, hopefully next time, right?  Anything else fun happen this weekend?
@DavidPBliss Well, Hugh is hot and that's definitely a motivating factor, but I like the comic books and enjoyed the other movies too. 
@mileycyrus Well it's great you took the day off. U deserve a break after being so busy. Hey your HM movie just passed $70 Million 
@grandoglwiki Well, that settles it, no Quebec for me. 
@AcdJzFnd It's your birthday? Well Happy BDay lady! 
@Christin21 Well, there are other opportunities for other &quot;firsts.&quot; 
@ctham ROFL Well it was a good suggestion wot. 
Well...I better get off and go watch The King and I. *popcorn* 
Well Done , Visteon Belfast, 2 years salary paid. Just shows what happens when you stand up for yourself 
@JavierChua Well I am on the RIGHT side of thirty 
@harrisfellman Well what im working on isn't QUITE ready to post about publicly (still beta testing) but its a cool new script I coded 
@knighttcat Oh man 3 in a day?? Torture much?! Well good luck there too!! I have exams for 19 days.How stupid? Soon we will party right? 
From ME and no one else! Muhahahaaaa! Well maybe Jesse 
@ireal Well alright. But #dollhouse is still fricking awesome. Elisha's performance in last weeks episode sold me there too, finally 
Well I am up and have been productive since 5:30am!!! Woohoo busy day with lots to do! 
Chillin with the rents, and looking at hilarious old photos. Well funny! 
@thomasfiss hmm so late. Well its early for me.. HA 
@GeekySteph Exactly! Well, I'm off to pick my sister up. Speak laters! Enjoy your afternoon of pub and shelving!! lol xx 
@Holger_bbA Ooh, nice  Well I guess not nice at the moment, being windy and rainy. But I like rain 
Well that is nice.  Loving the new Friends organiser too.
@dejam88. Well gotdamn girl!!! I dont know what else!!!!  I'm sleepy again! Grrr
@Isapersefone D Well, if you got that DVD then you should get those books too! 
@Doctor_Death Well I'm impressed with your technical skillz 
@dmhome Well, in LA is decent weather. Tell me what's happening in the future 
Well it would seem that you can enter nine 0s if you are an Individual without a SSN/ITIN or EIN according to Apple.  Hurray!
Well that sucked except for the company I had. Go Kelly. 
@girlygirl007 Well done! Happy for ya. 
Well I'mma tweet out! goodbye tweeters! 
@goodlaura Trending you say? Well, there's TweetCannon   http://tinyurl.com/odrza4
Well, at least it's not as bad as I thought. Found a new website to watch movies on and I gotta say.......it's not bad, not bad at all 
@heidiheartshugs that's cool. Well if you need any more help regarding that, Google is your friend. Plenty of info on that! 
Well friends we just got in and it has been a long day, hope all is going good &amp; every one is happy. All our love Night nite 
@hanabobana mb I'll try to do it once I'm back down at the end of the summer! Well, have fun with the movie, I'm off to watch Lost myself 
@David_Kaufer Well, I am crossing my fingers!  We have another year so, lots of hope in my heart! We will see! Thx! G'night! 
@sageeb Well you can only find out WHY by first knowing WHO? 
@ivanjohnivan Well actually - Larin is my name. The &quot;model&quot; is what I do  (besides sleeping, crawling, etc..)
@DJ_AM Well what can I say - you do look Hot in your pic... That's gotta work for most of us...  
@pcsketch Oh dear, it will be late there.... good ol Michigan!  Well I look forward to chatting with you when our wakeful hours overlap.
anyone remember those izone cameras? Well i still have mine. Pretty rad 
@vanwau Ooh really?!! Well you know you're always welcome!!  
@Boris Well congrats then  I suppose you can turn them back on with your old pw any time you need a boost.
@Sophie75R Go you!! Excellent! Well done and have a nice rest this afternoon 
Well at least Button's still leading on F1! 
Well what an uneventful day so far, Listening to a bit of Jack's Mannequin 
@_ClaireBear_ I'm fabulous!!  Trying to get you up to 300 followers.  Well, you and @werewolf_Paul, but I bet you'll win!!    How bout u?
@THe_RuGGeD_MaN Well, Im from the Pearl of the Indian Ocean... Kitna Hindi athihey apko? 
@iHugoF Wow! So you ARE a hardcore trekkie geek!  Well, it sure beats being a Star Wars fanatic... ;)
@DCMA_MEXICO lol Well happy early birthdayyy! 
@iHugoF Well, I guess the communication with Vulcan, Klingons, androids etc part depends on what kind of college colleagues you had... ;) 
Well... at least the Wings won to keep me happy   *skips around*
@Twisted33 LMAO! Well obviously you, but now you have a funny story to tell 
@StuckInLaLaLand Welcome!  Hehe. Well, moms are cool like that lol ;)
@youknowkennylo Well not the ONLY way, but its the most fasho way.. das y u gota stay focused! 
@deviantcuppy hmm. ouch @ the fact that you haven't missed me!!!  Well, fine! uhhh .. errr hm.     Jebus? 
Oh that sucks! Well i realised i should go via transport more often. Found a street called athol avenue! Funny stuff 
@zaraphrax, Well, the ones who blindly think that and don't use common sense deserve any malware they get, no matter the OS. 
Today's my 111th birthday! Well, not quite. But it is my birthday.  Going to celebrate it with coffee &amp; sandwhiches in the forest. Yay!
@BJoie Well, if anything can make u lose ur train of thought, its a HOT pic of @jordanknight 
@CampNicole Well, you're welcome to your opinion. Your very wrong and misguided opinion  I enjoy it, it's cool if you don't.
@theBrandiCyrus Well I don't know what prison break is but I'm with you in not understanding what's up with lost! I like NCIS! 
1847 Well! Better get my a into g 4 a quick cuppa &amp; off 2 band practice. But it's so cold &amp; people're relying on my wheels. I don't care! 
@thegiftoflife OMFG I never realised how successful Donor Day was! Well done you! 
@justinlevy Well good luck and have a safe flight back! Boston is gorgeous today. I'm sure PR is better 
Still tired from 12-hour non-stop thriftathon yesterday. Well, we did stop for beer and lunch at Bell's Brewery.  
@Ronnie_j  Well you gone then and get that.  #4.0
@TimeOutMom Well you did a wonderful job   Looking forward to those new pics!
@MitchStrohm @joshgilmore HAHAHA Well if go on American Idol, isn't that sellling out? I mean u guys are Rock stars already 
@bigalittlea Well, @ChrisSpags and I are blaming you for the Google fail. 
@sarahkatiah Well I may not do the &quot;road&quot; part, but I would LOVE to accompany you IN Seattle  I've been wanting to go for a while now
@g33kguy Thanks. You 2. Wanting 2 do this since last week but other stuff kept pushing it back. Well, no more I say. It's gunna get done! 
@harvestmobile #historymaker ~ Jesus~ Duh... ;-) JK.... Well, kidding about the &quot;duh&quot; 
Well, at least Kyle didn't win 
Setting up microphones for a little session in Denver. I really love recording at night... and the process thereof. Well, most of it 
Well sorta watched the finale of #theoffice. Jim &amp; pam...really?  yay!!
@westham999 Well, they are the #Caps #AHL team. 
Recommended @elysiabrooker to @MrTweet 'he/she is great in...PJs and ridiculous conversation  ! Well done Elysia...' http://cli.gs/sdRztQ
@ionacosmetics I will make you feel better Jude by telling you have 8277 updates! Well now 8278! ha ha  xx
@Malena_Ernman Well done last night - You were absolutely amazing! 
@sassysam2121 That's good, glad you feel better.  Well night night Sam, if you don't get back on again. (or morning morning? lol idk)
Well, that was much better than expected.  Night, lovers.
@ThatJessGirl92 Alright. Well i'll try.  Yeah, definitely, sounds good.  Goodnight. xx
@lauramental Well, good luck with it all. I love HK 
@suesshirtshop Good morning over there. Woohoo I'm on holidays! Well kind of. A business trip with benifits 
@electrickeet All that sounds awesome.  Well, maybe not the Stockholm syndrome part, just Orbus's comment.  
@Angelique110 Well don't worry about it for now, it seems harmless. Just ignore him 
@mileycyrus Thats a really sweet thing to say about Demi? Well to are thinking about her so that's good. that's what good friends are for 
Well done Norway  Brilliant win  Must be a record win too, 387 points 
Well Excited For Evolution 
Well Done Norway!!!!!!!!     Alexander really deserved it  http://tinyurl.com/qj3lu5
Well Im up we were up until like 1:30 and we slept out on the trampoline it was epic.  Now I dont what we ar going todo.
Well, here's my first, ever tweet (if that's what they call it).  Anyway, getting ready for Church.  Need a boost for this upcoming week. 
@racheleoverseas Well it's proportionally less messy. It's a cunning plan worthy of a Post Doc 
Well guess who's feelin like a buck 2day? ha.... Sitting in the airport, waiting 2 take off... 
@hollywills Well done and congrats on the birth of Harry  xx
Well all the first batch of Dark Chocolate cookies are on the way out of the oven 
@Brandi88 Well, you asked. 
@ThaisNyholt Ouch! Well ice and a splint should do (and of course some one handed typing!) Have a smile! 
@Taylor_x3 Hahaha! Well Tina good job then xD i know ashley and gabby added him 
I wish I was gay just to get INTO this video! Well done everyone! Very well done!  http://bit.ly/sFzRk
Well, I'm successfully about to finish the 2nd Book of the day- &quot;Daughters of Darkness&quot;   I'm excited.
Well rested and just finished the actual promo video for Twin2max  http://bit.ly/cjlcp
@HotMess4CCNK Mornin! How's it going?? Well... I guess not morning for you but still 
@PennyLane2009 Well MJ didn't make them but he had them in his name 
Well have bored myself enough for awhile! Going to take a shower and try to wake up. 
OMJ !!! Radio are playing Paranoid By JB ATM !!!!! So Happyyy 
@Glowstarz ROFL.. Well if you go onto the facebook group its in the description (next 4 weeks). I'm phoning library tomorrow 
@2SistersGallery Well, I am sincere! Glad I could help! My pickem-up skills are available anytime! 
George nemeth is the funniest dad ever. Well... After my own of course 
@DDubsTweetheart LMFAO! Well, good!  I'm having fun. I'm also watching Dane Cook so, I can't stop laughing!
@azzyheartsw Mm. Well I'll see you later tonight! 
@comeagainjen Well, my mommy and my daddy loved each other very much and-KIDDING! Venezuela, in South America.  HI.
Well...That was a Nice Nap 
@mmci1525 Well it's going over a long period of time. The Macbook is kinda a long way off 
@Donnette Well thank you  -huggle-
@CJRWTK   Well, I'm going to get some sleep.  Night.
Well done Ben @Jessicastrust - superb interview - Pats on backs  #maternalhealth
@ddlovato &quot;who said I can't wear my converse with by dress? Well baby that's just me&quot; by favorite line of all time. Smile 
@Col_RFTL Well, we've been discussing Shrews deliveries, if we get enough orders for the trip 
@Kkattis Well it's a beautiful day. The sun is shining. I should be but I'm ill. How's the deep south of Sweden? 
Always feel bad after eating maccas.... Well i walked their and back. Kinda makes me feel better.. 
Well Done Well Done. Im proud of you 
@clinton1550 Well, you have your mind made up. We did fine in Sydney with it and it was very productive. 
Well, I'm FINALLY able to get some rest. Tweet with you all soon!  
@Hotspur_1882 Excellent blog! Looks great and a natural writer!! Well done 
@melodieus Ah yes.. Well, I figured that would be the point of such a thing. Break n recreate?   hugs (=
@NextwaveRay Well I am just loving all the new outfits... Ray is my hero 
@SirRawlins LMFAO. .Well that beats my indulgence..  I do feel like a bloater today tho. Week of low cals now.
@Luffemann Well I wanted to talk to YOU  about them  I am in CPN this week, any luck?
@PembsDave Well, that's my day sorted! Amazing back catalogue so far 
@queo Lol. Well I have this week then half term, then I just have to go in for a few revision classes then me off to Uni. 
Well it's bed time for me! Peace out!! 
Well, I suppose I should get dressed. Nothing like a WAHM dropping her kid off at school in her nightgown.  I try not to do that 
@RaeMcK Well done honey! Next stop is Saw ok? 
@Chyna_Doll Well, yes, it's all the temperature's fault!   Can't be me *ahem* ;D If temp had stayed low, milk would be ok  *grin*
@emilyrobe Well done you what a fantastic acheivement! Facing your demons is so rewarding 
@shackpank Pens, what are they? Well done on finishing Uni. All done now, just wait for the grade 
Well that went reasonably well. . . Grammar maybe not so good in places but overall success and great presentation 
Well looking forward to Maximo and Noisettes tonight 
@BillHarper ha!  Well played, Sir!  And thank you.  
Well, this is the week that proves how much of a warrior I am. Should be telling. I promise to report on all items of interest. 
@100daysoff Well that sucks.  Hollar if you need help ... I could use a vacation 
OMG! As of right now, I have a stupid sore throat and it's spring! Well, it's whatever..I just hope I get well during the week. 
@mdoolittle Well here in Denmark I received a message and it looks like you sent it to everyone following you ! (Not sure though!) 
@JoeandBehold Well at least you know now that luck and God cannot factor into Statistics. 
@ateegarden Well, you're a rocker Anthony so singing in the shower goes without saying for you. 
2 years and still goin strong. Well...most of the time.  I love AJ. &lt;3
@meghansoper Well Meg, no need for Jealous! They got me out of work early so I could go &quot;visit&quot; someone, just like old WED nights 
@Hindi84 Well I think they're stats! It would be awesome for any of those things to happen. How about I count those and you count bases? 
@ilona_andrews Well this little kitty assistant might help you out. Battles demon possessed printers   http://bit.ly/Mawp7
@sexophonic Well my darling, there is one left. Next order on www.tastelesscandyclothing.com gets it Free 
@AK_Pat Well SOME Air Force boys can capture my attention on occasion 
@valianttt coolio! Loved it  Dev Q&amp;A. we should use that as a item. Well, you and Gary look good in the video 
@annekeothavong Well done for getting through to semis Anne, good luck!! 
Yessss. Done making my chickenladas! Well, except for tomorrow when i'll add sauce and then cook it 
10 followers? Well, thats lame  tell ALL your friends to follow me. If they dont have twitter, ask them to make one!!!! =]
Well after a fantwitterous night I find myself riding home to Pete with a grin on my face 
Well Jared joined Twitter? And here I thought everybody was here already XD Well, hello @1jaredPADALECKI !! 
Ummmmm,,,, false alarm... the little nugget decided not to grow so we're back to the drawingboard. Well we won't be giving up 
@Hey_Bradshaw Well, dang. Wonder how long it would have taken me to notice that. 
@lollipopsrule HAHAHA. Well, It's fun there.  PROMOTING. )
@katesol Teehee. Well done on your Bronze Medallion! Awesome 
@K_Stephenson Well at least you survived right? And you've got that third interview wooo! Go Kaykay! 
Well so far so good this morning, looking forward to finishing already though. lol.  Roll on my 4 day weekend 
Well .. .you fall of the 'horse' and get straight back on  Probably driving to Lincolnshire to see my bestest friend today .. great!
@AliceAguera Well since I got back from a trip to the shops I have had a 3.5 hour break which is tremendous!  &quot;SUPRISE!&quot; hahaha.
@Spinz99 Nope not Belgian (she said with relief ;-)) - Irish born and bred  Probably have a wee dash of Nordic mixed up with ES Armada!
@EnglishRose75 Ha!! Well lucky you, it's not beach weather here in North Yorks. Mind I've had my kit off in the pool already today! 
@Garythetwit Well we went for dinner between happy hour and the next bar so didn't think I'd be too drunk...I was wrong! Merci too 
@Prince_Aries Hahaha. Well thennnn. You suck. lol. I'm JK...kinda. 
Well hallo Cardiff  I have landed, thanks for being my travel buddies
Well... I think it's about time this greenwriter go to bed. I have to be up at 6 in the AM, get to the office and tweet some more 
Crap. Thats what i feel like now. Well time to walk the dog. That will cheer me up. Looking at his gait always makes me laugh. 
@justinewalshe Well I'm following you   Yr welcome to follow back if you wish!
@keithjay Well you do look familiar too  I hope to go to DrupalCon Paris. Not settled yet with work etc. so time will tell.
@lisaconnell One of our Tan Through swim suits to try out?  Well please feel free to take your pick and we will have one sent out to you.
Wow. I'm @work already. I'm 45 minutes early! Lol. Well its really nice out so maybe I'll go an get some breakfast. Pax? Aubon? Dunkin D? 
@naomicullen Well then I look forward to it. And I think you deserve to win after publically displaying your Jonas Face  x
Lovin life y0. Well not yesterday. 16 hour work day yesterday (school+work) :l   still lovin COD 4 and rs. 
@oliyoung: Fair enough  Well I'll have a crack at it over the weekend. Where did you get your formulae from?
Well all I can say is the English had better watch out cause the Scots girls are coming 
@nma11 Been doing lessons on&amp;off 4 yrs, but don't think I'll ever be THAT good! They are just so incredible! (Well maybe not all of them. 
&quot;and no it wont be pms rofl&quot;  Well i swear Brittany it wont! Haha 
@bbricke  You are a lover of Ellora's Cave too?  Well aren't we the naughty girl 
Oooo or is it 20:12 the world will end? Well I go out having watched the new star trek film just 
Well gang... Tiz another day at work. It's a good thing it's a but chilly this morning because I got to walk 
@CarlPlage Yip  Well you've got to slow down sometimes and enjoy lifes little luxuries 
@23graeme23 Aw thx, Well I think u will be my only followfri this week as I'm tryin to catch up on e-mail &amp; new tracks.. Talk soon tho! 
...Well. There's the new Opera skin to look forward too. 
@Sweena Well, Carol likes to have a lot of 'friends' 
Well, our produce stand sold out of Strawberries, only 3 watermelons left, chili peppers almost gone, cucumbers gone. Fresh produce CHEAP 
@gulpanag Well, Rajdeep said he's not in the list. I guess we'll know in a bit for sure 
@Dameunited Well mouth and forehead have stopped throbbing.  Other than that? Getting better I think. Not by much, but tolerable now.
Well, nearly home time now, then off to pick up a bit from Cheriton, then bike ride time!  xx
@moosenaslon Well, Oscar is a delight as well... and, of course seeing your lovely face when I'm running 20 minutes late for work. 
@TayCase :  Well, sorry then.  You don't qualify to be &quot;hood&quot;.  Go knock out a few teeth, get gold replacements, then we'll talk.  
@pooktwit ROFL Well I don't know @ToddSullivan so, um- oh well lol. It will come back to you...eventually- or you could FOLD  
Olbermann's special comment about Dick Cheney.  Well said sir!    http://bit.ly/Dk4tN
@plannerpatricia Well you are most welcome! We are busy busy here! Booking lots of weddings for 2011 so that makes we HAPPY!   And you?
@Huny14 Darn it! Well to be fair I only did meet her once. 
Get up!!!!  Get your ish on and let's ride!!  Well, maybe a little later today...  Gp this weekend...
@xsk8er Well, if I were closer I'd be happy to help you out. Better than having to clean my own 
Well the 9yr old guest we have said that the Lasagna was good! 
David A just had his first kiss! Well, according to his Dad. Heehee. 
@dp57 Crap! Well, I am fortunate. 
Heading to Heat Lounge in OC 2nite for a drink or 2 ... Well maybe 3 or 4 
@BryanGT3RS  Bryan you did it! Congratulations for being my 10,000th follower You just won a free name numerology report! Well Planned 
@Melisie Exactly! All it would take is one tweet from any of the guys. Well, hopefully it happens. I'd love it if they came to the states 
@JaviLovesPizza Well atleast you had your shower  Night!
#Rockbuster #3 Answer: And the answer is: &quot;Metal Licker&quot;. Indeed, Metallica. Well done everyone 
@jordanknight Well If you Dm me I can tell you privately 
@Mike_Wesely Well said!! Actually too well 
I should still be up!! It's Summer!!! Well, Bye!!!!!!! 
@ddlovato Well you already told us it comes out in July. Only 30 possible wrong guesses. There's a 1 in 31 chance for us to guess right. 
@Dev0h it's where ever I am when I drop my twet on twit world. Well within a couple meters 
Well i think im done twittering for the night. Sweet dreams 
@stephenfry Well, that was bloody easy!  Greetings from Austria!
@joy2theworld10 WIFEY! It will be OK! Trust! Everything is everything...what is meant 2 be will be...&amp; IT WILL BE!!  Love u!
@djvimala Yeah. I just checked , I can able to see the ads. [Google ??? ????????????]. Well done and Enjoy 
@stacyls06 Well Team Peer Pressure made sure he could take it 
@CindiCupcaking LOL - funny   Well, if you must know, Badri is the name of a God - ok, you can stop bowing now hehehe
Well, I supposed it's a good thing I've already met the hottest man on OkCupid. 
@seantheflexguy lol. Well, kind of already exists with unconferences at MAX 
Well I love being this warm and energetic, even if some people don't  Roll on the weekend's predicted scorching weather.
@JennLovesM5 Well, yeah I would assume so! Call and they'll send you one, didn't seem to be a problem. 
So WASSUP with Bing?? Well, it's not &quot;up&quot; now. I'll try it . . . to help me make decisions 
@90_angel Well I am off to bed then Phoenix in the morning, have a great day, and weekend if i don't see you 
@PornStarFansite Well, I'm for you 100%, And you're worth it!  LOL!  That's what I tell myself!    I can navigate or drive!  
Well fuck... I work at 8 AM. It's 2:34... I still have to drive Josh home and I've been drinking. Poop. But Florida after that!!!   !!
@haniballektress Well, technically the start of Fantastic, but you get my drift. 
Ah bless my wee gran. The funniest person... Endless amusement... Well @ least 4hrs worth  x
@stephenfry Well it will now that you've tweeted as half the world follow you LOL ;) Morning Squire  #LostInMrFrysVortex
@thomasfiss hey, heard you're no longer in VFC. Well, whatever you do you will always have my support! 
@DaLionofjudah Actually I can't say they're all losers ... I had FUN last night!! 
@azandiaMJBB Well come back for a visit! Airfare is pretty cheap these days! 
@_Flik_ Well, if you change your mind, I got some donuts, a Belgian bun and some toffee popcorn in the bread bin. 
Well John, Rockin Grandma is standing by ready to play that bass, just say the word 
@ezlyamuzd yea I feel that I graduated high school done with drama for real. Well its awesome your on here  Hit me up whenever
The pictures are up from our End of Season party! Well done everyone, what a great night it was. Looking forward to beach training soon 
