Most common words for this cluster:
[('went', 302), ('today', 45), ('night', 24), ('am', 19), ('time', 17), ('home', 15), ('work', 14), ('yesterday', 14), ('day', 14), ('amp', 14), ('morning', 12), ('beach', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Went', 0.9998897910118103), (u'Took', 0.6501181125640869), (u'Came', 0.6452087759971619), (u'Goes', 0.575491726398468), (u'went', 0.5598041415214539), (u'Stayed', 0.5465619564056396), (u'Gotten', 0.5421231985092163), (u'Arrived', 0.5383753776550293), (u'Jumped', 0.5313971638679504), (u'Walked', 0.5296752452850342)]





Went to the doctor's today and my blood sugar level was 178. 
Went to HPFZ and page came up saying the domain has expired.. I'm..freaking out right now. 
Went out drinkin' last night... realize how old I'm getting by length of recovery time 
Went to starbucks with my mom then did surveilance at campagina I saw some hot ass guys in club shirts but my tummy is hurting again 
Went to put some letters in the mailbox, saw a worm and then promptly stubbed my toe 
Went to bed at 10pm last night, haven't done that for years. I feel no more rested than usual 
Went to physio last night said I had a grade 2 ligament tear of my atfl another 2 weeks before I can get back to sprinting speed 
Just been sunbaking. I feel nice and brown LOL.... Went shopping this morning and have work at 4.00 
Went to the mall. I spent all my money on lunch and seeing a movie, and had none left for shopping. 
Went to the mailbox and came back with 5 mosquito bites. I'm a tasty buffet of blood to those bastards 
Went to a crazy 7 am yoga class. The old woman next to me (circa age 70) was more flexible than me 
Went to a clariol party and missed the  kentucky derby 
Went to bed last night feeling fine, got up this morning severly ill and lost voice  antibiotics a plenty in me...
Is tiiired. Went to a techno party yesterday/this morning. And still need to summarize two chapters of art history. Today 
Went for a haircut, a &quot;trim&quot; to even it out- it was too long on the bottom &amp; she cut it all off really short! 
Went to a bank holiday car boot sales today. Tons of dealers hunting for games, but managed to grab a few goodies, nothing too exciting 
Went all the way down to the plot to water the plants, and it starts raining later on that night. 
Went to the beach today! Played some beach volleyball so now I really really miss volleyball 
Went house hunting today &amp; the models made me sick...I like them all but to expensive 
Went to church today with mom for the first time in a few years, remembered that you cant women under 60 there 
Went in the garden today after washing my dogs. I smell of wet dog now  @sufiaa you beat me ;'(
Went on a 16 mile bike ride with my little brother today, it was amazing! gorgeous scenery, but the seat killed my butt! 
Went for my drive, good to get out the house. Here's where I went, pic from another time cos it was raining!  http://twitpic.com/5579p
@elozabeth well done you.  Went to the shop today but you weren't there 
Went to bed with headache, &amp; I woke up with headache.....,c'mon now cut me a fricken break 
Went to gym and came back. Eventhoough you smoke outside, when you come back in the smoke follows you and it annoys the gym-ers... 
Went out for just one hour in the sun yesterday..got sever headache the whole day 
@ailie yea. Went to get coffee and they were out of business 
Went to see rent with cris and lyn...good thing we were running late, i fell lol scraped my knee  it's all good though
Went biking with my father. Mostly uphill-- I'm tired. 
Man i'm sooo tired! Went to bed late as hell now its time to get up for work  . . .ugh i wish i felt better about life right now 
Went to sleep at 5 and already up. 
Just turned my cartoony image into a piece of mini-art on canvas. Went down really well in the office !! 
Went to the beach last night wish friends and sang to the waves. I'm gonna miss it here so much. 
Went to bed @3am and paying for it bc my kids get up at 6am 
Went to yoga, now time for a boring work day.   Who's gonna come in if it's THIS nice out!!!! 
Went to bed physically in pain, work up sicker then I've been in years...coffee 
Went swimming with cellphone in pocket 
at has happened to twitter!? Went in to have a nosy at my new followers and it is all over the place 
Went in this morning to speak to the year 7+8's about the football tornament and now relaxing at home before i have to go back for a hour 
Went carting. It was fun, but exhausting 
Went out for dinner and had sushi then went late-night shopping while looking for a good coffee store, clothes were boring and no coffee 
Went to the doctor two days ago and I'm still sick  whhhhhhyyyyyyyy?
Went to bestbuys 2day  got a new charger for my macbook! yay, bought a speck pink case that dont fit my mac  it was 50$ gotta give it back
Went for a walk- but did not see my owl again  He was so freakin cool!
Named the puppy. Went back after work to walk her &amp; someone adopted her already... 
Went for a run with @QCBoutique earlier....and now I can't feel my legs 
@pourmecoffee I won my 5th grade spelling bee. Went down trailing flames on 1st word at county spelling bee  http://post.ly/geb
Went for run, my sinuses are pissing me off 
Went to bullfeathers to see @amylynn814 but she wasn't there!  said hi to @erinmutza &amp; headed to smittys.
Went to the dojo and got beat up by the floor, I'm my own worst enemy 
Went to the dentist now my lip is fat and swallon 
Went to the zoo amphitheatre with @amyellacreative and got to see shinedown and buckcherry. I missed @officialstaticx.  so tired but i ...
Went to nice party but didn't meet not one nice guy, my boy said it was my leopard purse ??? When did dudes start judging handbags, wack 
Went to all that effort to get a cheap ticket and now will probably have to pay to change the ticket 
@rehabc @CruciFire arre yaar dont ask! Went for a late night movie, returned and had a looong chat with my cousins! Really Missed #twpp! 
Went to bed early last night for the first time in like a month!! But now I'm awake at 6am with nothing to do..... 
Went out jogging, with sun, wind, soo nice! Except when i had 2 hills to up  But all in all it was refreshing
AAAARRRRGGGGHHH. I hate being up this early. Went to bed like 3 hours ago 
Went to go and try help the 30 beached whales this morning 
@DarkAeon I wish you'd announced that earlier and I'd have joined you. Went to west end to buy converse and everywhere was rubbish 
Went to sleep with 2 people and woke up alone 
Went to sleep with a man in my bed...woke up without one. 
Went to sleep with a man in my bed...woke up without one. 
@smileyald23 ~waving~ right here! Went to farmer's market &amp; laying low- was reprimanded for too many tweets yesterday by an ex-follower. 
iphone is broken  . Went to store to get it fixed and had to make an apt. to come back at 4.
Went to the beach today, but I couldn't swim a lot cause there was to many jelly fish and I didn't want to get stung!! 
Went to canterbury for a road trip. I want to go there now 
Went swimming today have a bruised knee 
Went to dinner with hubby. As soon as food arrived I felt horribly ill. Headed home. 
Went and saw up, but would have enjoyed it more if certain thoughts didn't keep crossing my mind... 
Went to @joesrealbbq but no luck on sweet potato dessert  ribs were great tonight though
Went to the gym, fortunately didn't miss too much action in the game.  Clothes still aren't dry!  
Went to beach early again. Either my suncsreen sucks or I such at putting it on, but I look like a lobster now 
Went into the office this afternoon, then went indoor rock climbing for a couple hours. Almost died! I'm soo sore!  Now time to go out!
Went 2 gamestop, ran into co-worker who i used to like, im sad again. 
loving this sunny weather!!! Went to the beach yesterday and got burnt 
Went to the bar yesterday all was good and fun, then we went back and we got attacked by some sick guys, I hurt my ankle pretty bad... 
I hate this non-stop rain. Went to the nearest grocery store and I'm soaked in rainwater. 
Went shopping for books again. At some point while my paperbag was being passed around, the bag tore open and one book fell out. 
Went out for awhile this am, but saw nothing to inspire 
Went to the terrace to capture some brilliant lightning. And then it starting raining 
Went looking by car...still not found 
Felling sick. Went to a crazy party last night with an awesome dj and all the crazy lights and music made me dizzy and got a headache!   
Went to mc d's breakfast was over  oh well as long as they have sweet tea
Went out instead of tanning 
@craigyd Went out last night and working today, with not enough sleep in between, 
Went to the beach today and I got sun burn  oh so painful 
Went to the beach today and i'm burned! 
Went swimming -- but it's really cold outside 
Went out last night with my friend so havent finished any assignment! 
Went 'shopping' but didn't find anything  now watching role model, aaaha!
Went to the press all day without my bestfriend 
Went to the gym. I feel better but my stomach pain is worse. 
Went to bed early last night, had a decent sleep, it's a lovely day, so why am I in one of those 'can't be arsed' moods today 
Went shoe shopping now its time to study 
Went to starbucks for a bagel walked out without one... They sold out 
Went on a bike ride with my dog..........and got blisters on my hands. 
Went to the beach again today with campbell n emma to meet my college buds  had an ace day...miss him now hes gone   but meh! lol x
Went with my mom to homw depot thinking it would be a half hour it has been 45 min &amp; im gonna miss imprint live 
Went to the baseball game and it started thundering and lightning.. 
Went for a run, downed a gallon (or close to it) and am dealing with dinner swishing in my belly...i feel icky!! 
I did it! Went to sleep before 12....unfortunately i gotta figure out how to go back since my sister woke me up 
Went down hill in richmond prk fast, but crashed 'elegantly'-well pleased only a few scratches.BUT got stung by nettles coming riding out 
Went home from school early - I just feel terrible 
Went outside to take pictures of flowers, but there were bees so I came back. 
Unfortunately didn't get the far lmao!! Went 2 tim hortons got an ice cap now @ home waiting on my bestie 2 get here!! I missed him 
Went running with mom, and is now proceeding to gorge on ice cream and yogurt. 
Went to move my car, but i left my lights on. The battery is dead 
Went to a draft tonight, I really liked the crowd but I lost the tournament 
Went to my grandma's with the sunroof open and a million moquitos flew in. :/ 
Went to wake up girls for school to be told that they are off today. How stupid do I now feel? I could of had a lie in this morning 
Went for a run last night and hurt her knee 
Went to the gym for the first time in earnest last night. I feel fine from the gym but I slept funny and my neck is killing me 
Went for a run again today, after four weeks of indolence, excess food &amp; drink... can't believe how slow I was 
Went home early last night felt really sick. I'm going to see a doctor today. Being feeling sick off and on all week long too 
Went to chic-fil-a and realized i forgot my wallet  was driving around without  my license!
Went to work to get my schedule and they didn't have it printed.   5/15/08  &lt;3
Went from super excited to so upset in 2.5 seconds 
Went round shops lookin for a job 2day, no vacancies anywhere  lol
Went to the densist today...my teeth kill 
Went to the minute clinic and nothing can b done for my blisters really discouraged and sad 
Went shopping today... my phone's broke 
Went to buy blink 182 tickets and the presale was over 
I feel so disgusting. Went to concert and don't get to shower until morning. 
Went to take the dog for a bike ride/ run today and my bike had been stolen out of the garage. I'm very very sad. 
Went to bed at 6:30am, woke up at 9:30am ... this is the 5th night with less than 5h sleep in a row ... feel like a zombie 
Went out early this morning to look at some cars. Couldn't find anything that was just perfect 
Went to bed upset... and now I have a head ache 
Just got back from the cinema. Went to see drag me to hell... I actually thought it was sad !    The ending was good- not too predictable.
@BritishTennis Went to the qualies and was gutted as I saw nothing. And tomorrow seems like bad weather too 
This morning was emotional. Went there with a headache and it became worse at the funeral. 
Went to jimmy johns w/ becca, then went to Nelsons, now about to take a nap cuz becca woke me up at 945 
Went to gun range.. but chickend out when i saw the fire..  maybe next time.
I had such a fun night! Went camping with lots of ppl, but there was no reception 
Went to mall; forgot my phone  .. home now
Went to the mall dissapointed in the selection of purses 
Went to the dentist 2 weeks ago &amp; he said my teeth were great. So why is my tooth throbbing? 
Went down to the markets befor  got a few things exept this gibson dog tag i really wanted  im hoping to go back and look at it again
Went to try on some clothes, &amp; the view in the shop mirrors in the changing rooms were PANORAMIC!!!!!! I wish they were in soft focus! 
Went to open inspection of dream house. Drove past it lots in past 6yrs, swooning. Totally crumbling, will probably be knocked down. 
Went to open inspection of dream house. Drove past it lots in past 6yrs, swooning. Totally crumbling now, will probably be knocked down. 
Went home at 9 to change outta work clothes before going to the rock show.  Just woke up on couch.  
In church lol I wanna go back to bed. zZzZz Went sleep at 5 am yesterday. 
Went to church, sang a hymn, nearly passed out, threw up, went home early,  bad times...
Went at to the gym here at rydges in melb she they don't have free wifi 
Went out for lunch today, Its pouring down with rain!  If only we have the weather we had yesturday.. it was soo sunny!!
Went out on the bubble in yet another tournament, again when I was pre-flop favourite. Not enjoying my poker currently 
Couldn't spend time with the family cuz of work. Went to beach without me. 
Went to ride bikes wit my mom and all of a sudden I fainted.. omg and face first 
@RadcliffeBros nothing special. Went to bed early now to day dream as I don't have anything else to do. No book to read 
Went to sleep at 6 am...ughhh...I'm still tired 
Went shoe shopping to cheer up weekend that sucked. Of course, nobody has what I want. 
Went through my blackberry and deleted some contacts....I went from 674 to 581... 
Went flounder fishing again today and caught nothing again. 
Went to 8 nurseries today looking for roses. I'm was in a great mood, humming a song I heard on the radio, everyone else was crabby. 
Went horsebacking riding for nearly 2 hours with hubby. Horses were really good, would have rode longer, but my horse had a loose shoe 
Went back home this weekend... and it seems my loving mother has taken control of my bedroom...  i only have a mattress left     thanks ma
Went to school for the last time *sigh* I already miss it  Also I'm ranked 3rd in my stream from 100 odd students..short by 2 percent...
Went to staple center to watch the lakers take it tonight, I lost my voice from yelling so much 
Went to marina barrage, marina south pier. But didnt bring along camera  - http://tweet.sg
Went to the physio therapist today, back is swollen 
@divinerae i'm going to have to try that one. Went to the store and had like 5 samples, didn't like any of them 
Went to chateau elan today for work. Wish I could have stayed for a massage and the pool  #fb
Went to cracker barrel  seriously one of the youngest people there! LOL
Went on a run on the beach &amp; was horrified, I saw a dead baby seal wash up on shore 
Went and saw two bands last night (not metallica) and now I can't concentrate, just want to sleep 
Went back to school today after 2 week of vacation and i already have homework! 
Just woke up 20 something minutes ago. Went to bed without dinner 
Went to get lvatt and they didn't have it  ... Wtf!
@uptownroamer it was fun times and much needed relaxation. Went by too quickly though. 
@tswizz Went to vote for you couldn't find ya' 
I don't get it.  I thought I slept fine, then got sleepy at work.  Went to lunch, wide awake.  Now I get back to my desk: zzzzz.... ~.~  
Went To the gym and done a 4 hour sessions was absolutley knackered  will pay for it in the morning (N) hope everyone is well x
Went to target and they were sold out of the jonas brothers new album! 
@goodiesformom Went to the vet today and he fixed her up with some antibiotic ointment - said this can happen from going to the dog park. 
Went to the mall to buy a suit and left with a 24in apple monitor and no suit. 
Went to the docs today  good news I don't have the swine 
YAY! Went to the park and saw no turtles. 
Went #spearfishing today and came home with crabs. 
Went to the dentist today and got 2 fills and my mouth is so sore 
Went to bed for an early night as I was tired and got to sleep at 2am  Now I'm seriously tired!! 
Not a happy camper. Went 200 minutes over on cell phone bill this month and charge $140 dollars extra because of it. 
Went to be bed at 5:30 am and woke at 7:30 am. So not ready for an 8 hour work day 
Went past aunt betty's house. It's a huge complex now 
Went for a nice run but missed my running buddies 
@endac missed him as had a mtg   Went well?
Went to a has station with no air pump or sunglasses 
Went to the gym this eve and am feeling v proud of myself (couldnt escape using excuse that gym clothes are packed - had to unpack them  )
Went running shoe shopping and came out empty handed 3 stores later. 
Went back to gears of war 2 for some online fun, only to be greeted with the same shitty match making bollocks  gears 2 online is shite.
Went knitting and actually knit, but still not feeling the 'knitting mojo' or whatever it is.  I'm trying, which is something right?
Went to panda and now i gotta play volleyball for an hour  aw well
Went swimming ... I really dnt feel to hot.. 
Dammit, I haven't been wearing my glasses all day so I've got a headache. Went to put them on &amp; instant, blinding pain. 
Went all the effing way down there and downloaded the wrong file. No 3.0 for me 
Went to sleep late. I think a certain someone hates me! Though I admire them 
@deborahbravandt Went to your link and nothing? A bit like my sex life these days, expectation far exceeding outcome 
The a.c. Went off  (randomness) 
Went for 3mile walk wearing stupid shoes. Now have 2 v sore blistered feet  bad times
Went to dog jail (animal control) today. I felt extremely sad. Wish I can adopt a puppy so they don't have to die. 
Went to the dentist for a cleaning, left with a root canal 
Went out without a jacket on the bike tonight - got competely soaked -am still frozen on the inside 
Went to the softball game... turns out it was rained out, working out inside instead... 
Went to the park half the trails were flooded. 
what a life! Went home 11pm and in the office 830am already. 
Went shopping with my sister-in-law. Then work where one of the residents passed away on my floor.   boo.
Went swimming, sunburn still hurts 
Went to jazz tonight (still checking bags btw), got their 'reasonably priced' house white &amp; it was the most tasteless wine I've ever had 
Went to stores looking for jewelry/shoes for new dress, but no luck (for thrifty me). I'll have to use what I already have-not as fun. 
Went to the bathhouse and realized I am majorly sunburned!! This blows!! No wonder I hurt everywhere!! 
Went to pick up the iphone today... cant have it till thursday 
Went to the dentist over 2 hours ago and i can still taste blood  yuk
@geneforeman not feeling 100% today  so no fun. Went to school and complained and had a headache all day but I'm drinking tea and doing
Went to the eye doctor. It was either buy groceries or get my eyes checked   it's been years
Went in to pac sun and it reminded me of my vegas boys 
Went to a very tame bachelorette party tonight.  It was fun, but no cheesy strippers 
Went home too early 
Went to buy a laser printer lol dammit cable sells sepertly 
@HeartBreakV  dnt judge me! Lol I was across the street tho @ prive. Went 2 support my homie @bajessup. @ motorcity now...loosin $
Went to the doc today and found out I seperated my shoulder and partially tore a ligament. Out from football for 6-8 weeks. 
Went from fun to shit in the matter of minutes how gay wish i had my keys 
Went out for lunch...overstuffed myself....now more sleepyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
@ work. Went to bed at 8 and i'm still tired 
Went to a party yesterday, it was ehh 
Went to sleep late but woke up early..  I need more sleep
@DMBella33 yeah that's awful, I'm sorry. Went to book sale, didn't see any chicklit. 
Went back to sleep for another hour and a half... Fully awake now, bout to go out in a few, even though it's raining... 
Went drinking all night and woke up at 6am 
Went to a protest for the #iranelection and there was no one there. 
Went shopping with @2009jessica2009 today and spent way to much money! And my ipod has decided to delete all my music  
@DanDickgrafe Went a couple of times. It was a great time. Apparently I didn't go frequently enough... 
Went to apple store again, this time to look at cases......found none! 
Went to his house  he wasnt there
Went to a wedding today and am now lonely. I need a man 
Went one for two with a walk but still ended up losing his baseball game 
Went to a wedding today. I wanna be married again. 
Went to pizza hut and there was a hair in our pizza 
Went to a 10 course Chinese dinner banquet tonight but am still hungry.  I don't eat any seafood and 8 of 10 dishes were seafood.  
Went to sleep at 9 and I'm just now getting up...I'm still tired 
Came down with some sort of flu. Went from just 3 to 4 hours sleep on average per day, to 20 hours sleep. Such a waste,I got things to do 
Went to the stores to buy some strawberries, because I really wanted some. But they had none left! 
Went to cadbury world, thought I saw @bowwow614 and @omarion10 but it wasn't dem  
Went out in hollyhood last night, boring 
Went to the eye doctor and got my eye's dialated. The clerk at the following store i went to was looking at me funny 
Went on a college tour of st bens/st johns. I didnt like the school and plus its so hot that i feel like im going to die 
Went got something to eat.. saw sis of girl I used to date.. so gorgeous.. but then remembered why &quot;I USED to date&quot; she was psycho 
Went to eat some chef boyardee ravioli tonight, only to find my wonderfully esteemed roommate ate them  I was totally craving raviolis
Went to aquatica yesterday and injured her neck. It didn't hurt as much yesterday but today a different story. 
Went to work for a couple hours and got some work done that I missed ... Now back at home sick .... 
Went to court this morning for my ticket paid $177 dollars for the ticket and to go to traffic school  It was hard handing it over.
Went to movies last nite wit blackout got hella drunk..hangover for the 2nd time! lol..ate popeyes after..bubbles guts 
Went from having an enjoyable day to feeling like total crap in a mere 2 hours.   ...*sigh*..o well, such is life...and life's a bles ...
Went to hockey, no hockey 
Went to a new chiropractor today, receptionist punched me in the balls and made me cry 
Went well... though I forgot to say some important things 
Went to the beach but it got windy 
Went to watch fireflies tonight but they're mostly all gone now. I guess they've all been sexed up and their life cycle is now complete. 
Went to the dentist this morning...clean teeth! But now my teeth and gums hurt   
Crying. My doggie isn't doing well &amp; I'm sad that she's suffering. Went 2 pet her &amp; she started crying. She doesn't recognize me anymore 
Went to go watch Transformers last night with @aokiqiao and @shoe_fan. Now I'm off to work for like an hour  Blahhh
Beach was awesome. Went to a street corner, sang the national anthem and got a standing ovation cause they were already standing.. 
Went to church highschool basketball game! And won  proud of them
R's first steps! Went from couch to daddy. Two steps! 
Went for my first real ride of the season. Now seeing adventureland with the lady 
Went golfing yesterday  shot horrible tho haha
Just finished baking. Went over to dad's with some of the cinamon-rolls I made. He loved them 
Went to bed at 6:30 and awake at 10:28 going to go eat breakfastt 
@blue_cupcakes my friend she grabs her boyfriend and everyone else she can find. Went to the rsl one last week.  It's bloody hard! 
has been asleep for a really long time now..:/ Went shopping today 
Went to work for 2 hrs 
Went to celine's conformation party today. We all walked over to elmhurst. 
Went to a opening of a new tattoo shop of my tattoo guy. It was great, they had a great charity art auction! We got some nice pieces! 
@salspizza no plenty at home  in a hotel in dublin.Went to the munster match yesterday.
@torzilala yeah i'll survive.. Went to the doctors, bit worse than the flu, but i should be all good in about 7 to 10 days 
Went in the car with my brother driving for the first time yesterday &amp; i gotta say, i'm impressed!  xx
Went shoppin 2 merry hill but 3 shirts n some shorts yey  bt i still cant find a cardigan... got 2 clean my tip of a room up :L
Went to ikea and saw one of the girls from kaba modern there..and she lit my cigarette muahaha 
Went to sleep at 6:30, woke up 5 hours later, watched tv for an hour, tried to go back to sleep, wrote a song instead  goodnight!
Went to see hannah montana movie on saturday  loved it .... still cant work twitter out though
Went to the hawksmoor last night and probably had the best  steak I've ever had 
Went to the movies yesterday;saw wolverine again. not as good the second time but still fun going with friends. 
@jesslaw that was my first broadway show. Went with my mom as my date. 
Went jogging for the first time in a while 
Went to school for LPEP2k9.  There were a lot of froshies. And the complex is still trapped in heat. SRSLY, wind can't come in there.
Went triking and listened to @timminchin in my helmet. 
Went shopping with my mom and bought a 3,1/4, pants on impulse. It turned out awesome and i can't wait to wear it outside 
Went to see this band called logan and i loved them 
Went shopping with my girl today, bought a new wallet 
@kd0bik Went out and found a breakfast burrito. All is well here 
Went to a luau party for a 2 year old yesterday. The tiki hut cake was the highlight of the soiree. 
Went to prom, went to ihop, lost my camera at ihop, miraculously got it back&lt;33333, and chillin todaay 
Went to sandals on such a beautiful day, i can hear the birds singing  love it
Went swimming today! It felt so good and refreshing. 
Went into the office early, grabbed what I needed, left work for my assistant, stuff for the boss to sign and got out of there.No contact 
Went to the orthodontist for my braces. I chose the color blue..just to let you all know 
No one (but the readers) picked up on the crazy behind the scenes franticness.  Went well i think. Now yoof jamming at our home 
Went to my daughters 6th grade graduation 2nite. Wow, what a production. I don't rember anything like that when I moved to middle school. 
Went on a book shopping spree!  And three brand new books have been added to my bookshelf!
Went swimming with lots of people  now I'm going to bed!
Went shopping...feel better now 
