Most common words for this cluster:
[('went', 432), ('today', 66), ('night', 47), ('amp', 44), ('day', 35), ('home', 31), ('am', 30), ('morning', 22), ('quot', 21), ('time', 21), ('yesterday', 21), ('shopping', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Went', 0.9447758793830872), (u'Took', 0.6716647148132324), (u'Came', 0.6511821746826172), (u'Kimzolciak', 0.6339651346206665), (u'Never_Looked', 0.6331303715705872), (u'Partied', 0.6329377293586731), (u'LunchTimeWaster', 0.6310064196586609), (u'Gotten', 0.6290144324302673), (u'Slips_Away', 0.6268177032470703), (u'torianddean', 0.6261083483695984)]





Went to get PSG boardgame, shop had sold out   Hello online shopping
Went to @DunkinDonuts this morning to get a Latte and it was ice cold  Booooo, I had to heat in the microwave..blah.
Crazy snow.  Went from mowing to shovelling in three days.  WTF.  Deep wet snow, everything is soaked.  Trees snapping if it keeps up 
Stayed away from record store because I tend to spend too much. Went back today for Record Store Day and dropped spent $70. I never learn 
been up all night watching tv. Went to komedia last night and had a real laugh! Last day of holidays today. Sigh sigh! 
Hubby bought me a bike tonight. Went for a midnight ride up and down our street. Very fun but am now quite sore. 
Went to Officeworks today. Drooled over a pentax k200. 
Kicked ass in saigon museums. Went to S21 &amp; killing fields in Pnom Penh. 2day visited 5 of Angkor Wats. Lost our aircon room tho 
Bugger! Went past my 2000th tweet... I was saving that for a special occasion. 
Went on an AdventuRace yesterday and I had an injury falling off the bike.  Overall good and I think I lost some weight, hahaha
I Went 2 school 4 2 hours only , the nurse called my mum 2 come 2 pick me , ( Am Sick   )
Went all out making awesome PDFs for a tutorial. Can't upload to site. Thinking I may have to abandon cool PDFs 
Went to bed good and early... didn't get to sleep till 3. Insomnia is a bitch 
@foodgps Went to Break of Dawn. Cute spot.  But everything just seemed so over the top heavy.  
Went to Vinyl night but didnt get any of my vinyl played  that shit was pristine too baby!
Went to the eye dr and I didn't get worse in 2 yrs!  Amazing!  Have insurance and I still had to pay $200 for new no designer glasses. 
Went out for lunch. Ryan's nose is still so runny. 
Went to Tesco this morning to get a refund of a wrongly priced shampoo.   And I missed my 11am yoga class!  
Thought Bailey's was a nice sophisticated break from most of downtown. Went to bathroom &amp; saw a discarded bra or panties in the stall! 
Awake at 8 am. Went to sleep at 4. I'm tired. 
Mmmm.   Went flying my toys this morning at 6am.  I now have proof that the lighting pole in the park is stronger than my plane!  
Ieh!!! Should have stayed in Germany! Went from very sunny 22C to rainy 16C 
Went out for a ride on the bike after missing a couple of weeks. Only managed to do 40miles before my legs just ran out of energy. Gutted 
Toadies on the radio. Went 2 this show in 94 and got kicked out 4 undrage drinking! Only got 2 c Brutal Juice and CIV! 
Went chasing carp at Main Arm.  Could see some big suckers, but no bites 
Wishes he could sleep in. Went to bed around 12:30 and woke up at 5:30. I hate my life. I need a sleeping mask ASAP.  #yzf
new chess game on our computer. Haven't played in about 15 yrs. Big mistake. Went down in flames. 
Went on a hunt for Chinese food. Failed. Eating Wendy's instead 
Went rather OTT on the breakfast buffet and feel a bit queezy 
finished 5th on Qualifier ... Went &quot;Meh&quot; against mirror with Ajanis and SP  And made awfull misstake by making an alphastrike against Fae(
@OlorinLorien didn't watch a film. Went for walk by river, back to hotel for bottles of wine and tv. Excellent weekend! Just checking out 
Went to the Met Market for free wine tasting - but it had ended 
Best day! Went on my boat with my besties! Tubing is sooo fun. Sunburnt 
Went to bed at 430am... Cat woke me up at 630am and has kept me awake ever since... Have to leave for work at 1015am. I'm broken 
@millerwentworth Hi Went, glad to see you back!  Hope you stay with us, loving new PB btw!!  Best show on TV, so sad it has to end 
Went to fab restraint last night. Not as good as normal even free sambuka did not make up for it. Shame I love al restraunte as well 
@MsAprilONeil nah I didn't. Phone died. Missed a txt telling me were they were. Went to get food and charge phone. Should have gone home 
Went to chat and discovered adam lambert had visited it today and I missed it!  Oh well maybe he will go on there again.
Went to the furniture store. Cute SA guy was there. Still didn't ask for my number though 
@foodphilosophy Yeah, maybe. I thought that or lack of hydration?? It was weird. Went to lift weights and it only got worse. 
Papers are over and I am not relieved at all. Not a single bit. Went shopping and only bought a pair of earrings. Nothing caught my eye 
Didnt realize Ohana Tacos in Honokawai opened their wagon at 6pm.  Went there at noon and had to settle for another mexican joint. 
So I bought some underwear from M&amp;S that was labelled 30-32&quot; waist on the pack. Went to put it on, and the actual size of them is XL. 
Went to my brothers picnic didn't get to spend time with him cause he was sleeping had dental surgery this morning  http://mypict.me/12RQ
@wentworthmiller I hated you died  the end  .... Come walk to brasil Went.
Went dancing at The Modern last night and my feet STILL hurt! 
Dinner was good. Went back to hotel past town hall to see the lights, but telecom were too cheap to keep them going 
Depressed. Went and weighed myself at gym. Weigh at least half a stone more than I thought I did. Oh  Fatmo!
Went after the Real Radio Renegade in Wigan this morning... But i didn't find him... 
Went GBK last night, had a really nice meal, then proceeded to be sick all night, now completely drained, eurgh 
Went home for lunch...left my glasses there  back @ work and I can't see. Booo tweety hoooo 
@thevideodog Went to follow ur FF recs &amp; discovered @chrisspagnuolo has blocked me. What an odd feeling.I don't even KNOW him. 
Went to bed at 3:30 am &amp; back up at 6am... Coffee will not be enough today 
Jus got back from vegas ! Won hella money ! Went shoppin again ... Now got to take Mel to the airport !  so sad!
Went to the cabin last weekend &amp; all I got was this Lyme disease infected tick bite  hello 3 weeks of antibiotics.
I got hired at Harkins! But I am so sick. Went to the Doctor.. Might have strep 
Got injection  hurt. Went out for hot chocolate and cake and now watching select live!
Went to Di Bella coffee roasters today and asked for a job...   The person I needed to speak to is on holiday...  #fb
Went to pole class. Feeling discouraged. I am hopeless when it cones to dancing or sexy moves or spreading my legs. 
  Went to get dog from vets, theyve stitched her ear, charged us for it but she still bleeds like a waterfall everytime she moves. D: WHY!
Came home after getting ratty in a shop with the staff and a blister on the foot. Meh 
Saw a black snake in the garden.  Went back for a picture and it was gone 
Went to the hairdresser today, she cutted my hair off  I loved my long hair! Dad said he couldn't even see I got a haircut! LAAAME
Went to sleep and there is a power cut in Noida  Power back up not working too 
Went to get driver license and car licnse plates renewed.  My mechanic that does inspections out of town today. 
Went to see UP today - very disappointed - it was sad   Almost made me cry!  I thought it was supposed to be funny.
Went out to get groceries...prices are inflating  Gas went up another 10 cents to hit $2.49... #TCOT
dammit knocked out in 6th. Went all in with QT suited and ran into AQ. Turn gave me gut shot straight and flush draw, but I didnt get it 
Went downtown tonight! Bought a new watch and fell in love with a beatiful and  expensive   purse!
Went downtown tonight! Bought a new watch and fell in love with a beautiful (and expensive   ...) white purse!
Fuck I'm tired, hey. Went to sleep at like 3:30am, then Nathan &amp; my faggot brother woke me up at 7am  I'm gonna be so fucked for tonight.
Went to a bbq at Janet's.   Out of the nuggets loop but think they lost due to facebook comments. 
@Taddy69 Went to the wrong Swan  xx
Ooh new update for whoshere! Went to the app store &amp; there's nothing there.. It lied!! 
Went to mill, Skypp and I are confused. Ugh 
Gig last night teas fab. Went to thw dragon too. Gay bars scare me despite the obvious. &quot;new meat wha&quot;. Tis bootiful Pinot grigio weather 
Went to play some survival mode on L4D. Welcome to the red rings my friend 
@Beverleyknight Went and did my training at 6:30 am cos I knew it was going to be a scorcher today. Have a good one without me later 
Went to have lunch at Delifrance... Never had such bad service -or overcharged food! Never going there again!  #boycotdelifrance
Went up to my room to realise my huge JB board is not on the floor anymore  lol
Went to Dickens today, but couldn't find any of her friends 
http://twitpic.com/6a0zn - Went out for a bike ride. Chain broke 
Went to a Blues Festival last night - got very drunk and ate yummy dinner...and now i'm vomiting....sick 
Went to the pet store. Fell in love with a puppy. Can't afford it. Sulking. 
Excellent day, but slightly sunburnt and left my jacket on the train. Went to look when the train came back but it was gone 
Went 2 a &quot;party&quot; for my Stepdad,&amp;found out that he may only have 6Months 2 live due to his pancreatic cancer,I cant stop silently cryin 
Went to Redstone Meadery looking for a cure for my aching muscles. But the two furs would not wait for the taste-testing. 
Went to auction to bid on car advertised as &quot;1964 Shelby Cobra&quot;. Turned out to be replica.  Wasted trip. Sounded great though.
Went home for dinner, got ran over by a wheelchair...tons of fun! Now broken and extremely bruised back at work. Wishing I was home! 
Went across town to eat at Dogma and they stopped charring the hotdogs! 
Went shopping and got a haircut today... legs are so sore from walking.  I'm pathetic. Soo out of shape.
Went in the water with my red collar on, now my chest hair is pink! I'm a PINK boy dog!!! 
Went on a bike ride 2day, had a CRASH! I hurt my hip and my arm. I think my arm is broken! 
Fuck me it's cold here today  Went out last night caught up with ppl I went to highschool with. Some I've not seen in 14 years!
Went to the Paramore/No doubt concert tonight it was awesome! but thanks to traffic we missed paramore  sad day but no doubt did amazing!
Went bowling.. High and then low..  whatthehell
Went to my best guy friend's wedding. Her wife's a  very jealous freak so i can't stay &amp; chat with him for long. Sheesh! 
Had a great night w/the family, wishing Nathan Bon voyage &amp; good luck! Came home to a puking dog  Hubby is so sweet to clean it all up!
Went to the #pafc shop yesterday &amp; the new badge is a very nasty iron-on sticker placed on the cheapest looking Adidas training wear 
Went to IKEA today! I could spend hours there...and buy tons- but I can't fit it all onto my car  Stocked up on LOTS of candles though!!!
Went to bed at 2:30 up @ 5 and on my way to work   what could be worth no sleep? @yourboykj @the roxy...AMAZING!!
Tiredddd.  Went on a morning walk and !MAN! the sun just kills you! lol
Went to a thai naked ladies spa yesterday and got scrubbed to hell. Oh my god why is there NOTHING like that in the uk,,it's amazing 
Went to the doctor's. Turns out I have a throat infection  Too bad, I'm STILL going to Nikita's party.
Went to Maccas for a strawberry milkshake and they had none left 
Went shopping today and saw a girl that I thought was Camilla Belle so I was like JONAS !!!! But it wasn't her 
Went to a beautfiul wedding yesterday, fabulous location, day, people, etc.  though slightly overdid it on the prosecco I think... Urgh 
Went to see Pixar's UP 3D. with kids. Great animation. Scary Dogs. Didn't see end. 
Went home cause I forgot my license and now I don't want to get up. Not a good day today 
Went to the Beach. Stones as far as I could see  My Butt was numb from sitting on the stones and it was really breezy with tons of flies..
Went to the beach today with my family. I don't burn but today I did and its BAD. The aloe vera is in the fridge 
Went shopping for jeans yesterday and came to the sad realisation I'm no longer 22. Goodbye 501s, hello Relaxed Fit 
Went to the dog park today, but only a few dogs were there. Cooper was sad.   #muttrun
Bran sammy peter and I are @austinstone right now ! Went out on the lake earlier it was so nice ! Except dallas almost drowned.... 
Nike had only xs hydration belts.. Went 2 road runner sports they only had xs &amp;s belts. Sorry for not being a 25-28 inch waist. I'm 31-32 
I got a bike!! I love it! Went riding in the funeral home near and saw a dead body  Almost crashed into Pat when I was talking to someone
Went out of town for the weekend. Had a lot of fun, and did a lot of shopping. Back to work tomorrow though 
So itchy and sunburnt   Went to the park earlier then to that Clockwork Beer Co. for the first time. Very impressed with the place.
Went on a walk with my puppy. Its hotter than hell outside...I wanna move to San Clemente NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Grrrrrr. 
Baby Mishel is down wif running nose &amp; sore throat! My poor girl. Went to the doctor's yday. Hope she getas beta soon... 
Never. Went. To. Sleep. Not a good way to start the week. Redbull for me. 
So tired. Went to sleep at 11 and HAD 2 wake up at 7 
Went out with mum &amp; step dad. Didn't find the headphones I wanted 
Yo! Went to movies w/ Vince last nite! Fun! I hav 2 go 2 camp for 2 weeks.  I'm gonna miss him!
Went to another Yorkie breeder today -- no such luck.  still looking for apartments, too! Lots to take care of these next few weeks!
Doing better. Went downstairs to engage w/family. Heard &quot;Mom&quot;  looked quickly over rt shoulder BOOM fell. I know better.  Back upstairs 
Went up to Indiana to swim but the pool was closed  Came home and saw UP. It is a cute funny but somewhat scary movie
Went to T-town today...Seen my childhood best friend on my old street, siting on his porch.Didnt even have the balls to go and tackle him 
@loveyferro Went grocery shopping... bought an 8 pack of Top Ramen, it was $2.50.. I paid in change 
Went on treadmill barefoot - now have massive blisters all over my feet. Barely able to walk. I'M SUCH AN IDIOT. 
Reflecting...sigh, my son is starting high school-EEK, is it only downhill from here? Went to his school &amp; was mistaken for a student 
Went to bed super early today to be woken up by helicopters literally outside my window. Brownsville will never change. 
Went out like 145 or so... Made a stupid all-in with KKQ7 1 suit... Guy had aces and they held 
Went to the beach today... Had a good time.. Home now!! Thinking of starting a diet tomorrow. Need to lose sum lbs. I gained recently. 
stuff. Too much packaging  Went 2 gym 2. New Minesweeper average: 1.38! I love U SGB, I miss U 2 and can't wait 2 see U again. Love, Mom X
@jordanknight Dude I know the feeling! Went to bed at 3:30 up at 7:30. Going to be a long day! 
Went to Egypt for a week for windsurfing and came back with over 150 urchin needles in my foot and hand. Don't get stuck on a coral reef! 
Went to Italian class in the end. Feel like crap now though.  I hate being sick. (((
Went under at 1130.. Attempted to start waking up at 1 finally functionalish now at almost 6  scary stuff! They had to oxygen mask me!
@CarnivalCruise We just missed mex cause of swine flu. Went to Vancouver instead on the Splendor 5/10.  Need sun and swim with dolphins!
Went looking for Pete but I think he's long gone. He's never been outside. Worried. Heartbroken.  
@scholesy111 Didn't go last night  Boo! Went to cinema instead - I will win next time tho!
Dead Poets Society? Went through it without crying. Then Robin Williams started to cry and I lost it. 
@itsnotfun Unfortunately not dude  Went to the police station to get it with Woody and they said they didn't have it o_O
Came into the pit of hell at work today. Never enough sales for them. They r on our necks and tht only makes it worse! Xoxo  jc
@amanda_nan No  I only had 20 mins to catch train &amp; it wld take that long 2 walk dn thr &amp; back. Went 2 DiBruno's &amp; got fake muffin.
@Melodramaticxo I had two fish. Went on Holiday, gave them to my great gran. Tried to feed them a loaf of bread. There were no survivors 
Went to a family funeral today  , only sorta good thing was that there was alot of CAMPBELL people at it ;)
Went shoe shopping earlier and got a great pair of gladiators.  Hubby did not approve &amp; made fun of them. 
Took Gerry's suggestion. Going for the chicken breasts. Ok...well, I'm out of everything else..including tariyaki sauce 
@foodiemcbody oops too late. Got lost while driving. Made me cranky. Went for easiest option. 
Feeling unwell. Took some meds for this headache. Meh. 
Went to Wal-Mart looking for a tshirt with wolves howling at the moon... Didn't find one 
Just finished shooting a HS state baseball game. Went 11 innings. 3 hours. Next game will get started late. 
Went to the ER at around 5 and just got home   Hurt my foot but am eating sebina's polish food - yay
Awkward. Went to get a haircut. They put me with the wrong person and  my usual haircut girl gave me an evil eye 
Went to 38 Wellington expecting fantastic gelato only to find that Solferino has permanently closed their doors. Still craving gelato 
@velvetella Not having much luck with sleep. Went to bed late and was up at 5. Then slept a bit more. 
@Boogaloo1 I think I was just fretting - I hate it when that happens. Went to bed late too, should be more tired 
Went for a walk at the mall. Rained so hard, the sun didn't shine anymore  Bought the plane ticket of @irmayzing. She'll be home Monday.
Went to the Gardening Club that I have killed myself to set up - no-one showed   Never mind we potted on some little cherry tomato babies
Went 2 a party 2day, had 2 dress up as Olivia the pig(kids tv show)also got no dinner cos mum made it way 2 hot and the tofu was weird 
Went to Dunkin Donuts this morning only to find out they dont sell Blueberry bagels anymore 
Went to sleep at 5:30 pm and BOOM, I got a horrible nightmare. So afraid to sleep tonight 
So depressed today. Went to church last night &amp; it helped a little. My heart just hurts 
Think I had my first ever migraine last night. Head hurt so bad I wanted to hurl. Went to sleep at 9 and just now woke up. 
At work, on Saturday..... Went to McDonalds and they gave me diet coke  YUCK!
Went out to the Charlotte Knights baseball stadium last night for game and sleepover - unfortunately, both were rained out 
Woke up late for DC Code Jam  Went on a bike ride and took P to the park instead. Wondering if I have to physically be there to compete...
Went to a water sports day with my dad and best friend laura today.. Ive really damaged my knee cos it got stuck in canoe when i capsized 
Apparently this town can screw up anything.  Went to Quiznos for lunch and it sucked 
Went to Craft of Folk, nothing sold this week   Positive thinking about next week though.
Went to Barneys, found the Givenchy shoes I've been wanting, in my size, 1/2 off!! then realized I 4got my wallet at home, turning around 
Just Cut the Grass. Went to the mall and got a lot of nice stuff. Bummer the Yankees Lost today 
spent the morning helping Julie pack up  and then ran some errands. Went off home after picking up some new games and played for a bit
Went to the church for Sat. night gathering... crumbs! (not tonight...) 
Went outside to ride my scooter. Felt rain, so I had to come inside. 
Went to get my eye brows waxed and now has first degree burns on them. Ugh. Stupid acne med 's 
Went to oishii only to find a 40min wait  now at Osaka, and not happy there isn't a shitake mushoom roll
@BlokesLib All my sons played! I Loved It!  They were good! Went 2 playoffs I miss it terribly..we are having a huge game Aug 29 no check 
Went to the Doctor yesterday, thought I would be released, 30 more days.   Stupid blood clot!!  It's already been 4 months!
Went to the park with my BFF. Wanted to get abducted by werewolves. Didn't happen. 
Went to friend's house to watch Penguins game.  Penguins were quite a disappointment 
Went to the Boeing factory tour today, largest building on earth! Pretty interesting but no photography allowed 
Went fishing down at Baker Park tonight with the kiddo. Didn't even get a bite 
Sending the day driving around vile! Went to top of Chill watched yes man. Drove around kirwan spilt my lunch  heading to the city now.
Went to watch The Hangover and thanks to Ezra's fit with his grandma, we had to leave before the funniest part of the movie began 
@Tytanik I'm falling out been up since 730. Got home @ 3. Went to cherry creek park allll day and got sun burnt. I'm sleepy 
Came ome 2 Nic in severe pain. Thwt 2 gud days were 2 gud 2 b true 
Went on a mountain climb to feed the homeless kittens/cat...got stuck. Thorns and scratches. Robbie had to come and save me 
Went to the beach yesterday and it was FANTASTIC!! But now i have a lot of h/w to do. 
Went and saw &quot;UP&quot; in 3D friday night with my baby and a friend. It was a sad movie more than a funny one. 
Went swimming yesterday had loads of fun but it was raining so could go shopping for long afterwards  Oh well i will go at the weekend x
Oh hey The!  I havent showered in 2 days either!  Aha!  Went in the pool yesterday and counted it as a shower!  Haha!  I misssssss you!  
I saw an omnipotent being yesterday. Went back to meet him but he had gone  Bet noone will believe me,I have witnesses !
@kirstiealley Went to the zoo yesterday and NO lemurs on display!  
Went to a veryy fun but sad graduation party for lis! Love her and i'll miss her!! 
On the way home from tonights gig. Went well other than one piece- lost my place on the music  ah well, won't happen in Germany. Wedne ...
Went to Square One, I hate malls, also went to Denny's with Markily, which was ace, last night was ace too, Emily is sick 
Went to fridays had a GOP nd a ultamite margarita all n 30 mins boss too off to see the laker game had to go back to wkr  I'm so buzzn
Went to  BiggerThanElvis last night, and totally missed the show!  Recovering from our planB - turned out to be a night of debauchery!
Was chatting with @alascaitlin. Went to grab a snack of Nutella and chai tea, came back &amp; she was gone  I hope you fell asleep finally! 
Went  to my last downtown pm tonight  Have a couch surfer arriving soon... the boys may be back sometime this week, need to start packing.
@_MiKaL_ girl naw. Went to OT and damn Magic lost.  Shoulda won n regulation but missed clock by like .001 second!!! *tear*
Wow. I didn't tweet for 22 hours. Worked. Went to a show. Went to Ihop. Wanted to give Tony a HUGE hug. He's sad. 
I miss the tali and punta.  Went down at 3 am in the morning and sat on the beach for an hour. Sleepless nights are amazing.
I miss the beach.  Went down at 3 am in the morning and sat on the beach for an hour. SLEEPLESS NIGHTS ARE AMAZING. Crappy effect, though.
Yo peeps! keep on requesting D's songs on the radio. Went out of MWC! 
Turned off the power while I worked on the ceiling. Screwed up the time on my alarm clock. Went to bed way later than I thought  Tired now
Went home early. Got sick three times and couldn't sleep well cuz of stomach issues again. 
Sitting in my car Waiting for carl to pick me up for work.Im wondering Where a Went Wrong .I have lost the girl that ment so much to me! 
Went to upload my assignment, but the website is under maintenance..  Oh well, tomorrow will do. Good night everyone!
1 exam done, many more to come x) Went to the Hour offices just now, sadly, I didn't see George Stroumboulopoulos 
@OnePersonToo Went on a cruise &amp; flew in/out of Orlando. Wish I would've had time to stop by the park &amp; check it out. But alas, no time 
Went into the attic pulled out something that used to be my mums, was a bit damp but tried it on. Now my skin is burning  Wrong move.
Went to farm burning today but it was cancelled by Health &amp; Safety because of the asbestos roof and a faulty fire extinguisher  
Went to sf and missed out on HUF 
Went to El Toritoes off 118th again some of the worst service I've ever witnessed....its really SAD 
Went for a walk with Carmen - now I feel bad for accidentaly giving her a bruise on her leg getting her out of it. 
Went to The Hat with my black lover and now I am crying because I miss her 
@fatboy_443 Went looking for pics of you. Realized they were all on my old phone. Sorry hon 
Went to the gym today but...it just wasn't the same with one arm in a sling...this sucks! Getting a MRI tomorrow 
Went add-on crazy and borked Firefox 
@traderjoes why did you discontinue the cranberry supplements - in the vitamin section?  Went to my store today &amp; they said Sorry!  
Bah, what a waste of time. Went to get hair cut, closed till july. Bollocks. 
Went to party at the MGM and disappointed at club Tabu!!! 
Went to bed last night &amp; no Kahlua Brownies on @tastespotting.  Up at 5am, and they're already 1 photo away from being on the 2nd page 
Good morning kiddies! Shall we see what the day brings? Went to see the new terminator movie. Wait to rent it on DVD.... 
Man just cut my hair.  Went &quot;cut-crazy!&quot;  I now look like a gay marine.   wish 80s were back... might have been able to get a job in Bros.
Went to Whole Foods finally! never can seem to spend less then $80 in that place  made some miso soup hopefully it'll help with being sick
Went to the lake yesterday! Got sunburn  and Justin's dog tried to eat my arm. It hurts. -Stupid Lamb-
Waking up here. Feeling tire just over the thought of me having to be @ work 2 hours early for some training  Went to Winco last night bye
Went to SFGiants game last night. Waaah!    'Nuff said.
Sort of sad. Went to get the photos off my camera &amp; no camera.  I had it on the Surfliner coming home. Must have left it on the train. 
Went to adventure island today !! Got sun burn 
Went to #140conf after party but was dead on my feet so I left after a few minutes. Got home a little while ago and now I'm wide awake. 
Work was ok. Went shopping at home depot for deck stuff. Kind of have writer's block. 
Took @bethyesterday out to listen to the frogs that turned my pool into their love nest. Sooo loud. Turned on my light and they shut up. 
Went to the blue october concert the 12th and it was amazing! I miss it! Replay that day!  now im at the grand canyon. yay!
Ran to the beach even though I'm sore. Gorgeous outside. AND got to see Ascher. Going to miss him  Stupid Gatsby ate my earring though.
Went shopping today. Got beat up from the game. Im missing my hunny   i just  wanna go home 
dammit ! Went for a bike ride, didn't confirm GPS was recording before departure, arrived home, pressed the power button &amp; it turned on 
Watching the news.     Went to a Portland beavers baseball game they lost  
@That_Girl_Jenn Stayed off twitter b/c got back late &amp; was trying to relax enough to sleep. Didn't work It's now about 3:15am &amp; I'm awake 
Went to donate blood last night. Got &quot;declined&quot;, my iron was too low. 
@Cheryl_Prime Proper, proper funny. Kickstart my Heart and Panama as encores. Went to after party but had to leave before they arrived 
Went the entire day without a referral sale  Fresh customers starting to overtake previous/referral business.....
Went for a massive run before and now probably won't be able to walk tomorrow. Fun. Also my chest hurts 
Went to the dentist today... I hate going, but I'm glad that's over! Have to go back next week though... 
Where Has the Sun Went  ?
@kdaly100 Went to a wedding there and the hotel is amazing.  Didn't have time for the spa 
Went to Stop &amp; Shop for much needed coffee, breakfast/lunch items and cat food - Looked for http://cakewrecks.blogspot.com/ - found none. 
@JeffTheMidget I don't train anymore. I trained back in LA for a while. Went a few times out here w/ a friend. Don't have time right now. 
Went to Panera but there was nowhere to sit. 
Went to the aquarium in gatlinburg. Now at cracker barrel...I got voted against for buffet  and MIGRAINE
Went shopping for a purse, got back with two shoes, a pair of pants and no purse. Nice 
Went to the apple store - none of their docks would connect to my iphone... looks like I'm boned   Pretty pissed 
Went along the old train line from Jewels to Belmont today. It rained.  heaps of white-cheeked honeyeaters #birds
Went Home Depot twice and didn't  see @la_nova  
Went to yoga tonight....but then ate Taco Bell. 
Went to kickboxing class w/MOMMY &amp; sister @jillhiraizumi then went to eat Korean food for dinner. We totally gained what we sweated! 
Went out with a bunch of mums last night for a meal got home at 1.15am !!! Party on I am going to be knackered later 
My vains are too fine for blood donation! They said try again in 12 MONTHS time  Went in a grp of 5 but only 2 managed to donate. What ...
I went all freaky during my bloodtest again. Went in townnnn saw amy at work experience haha. Feel horrible tbh  rehearsals are a no Tbh
Shoe broke as soon as walking to bus stop. Went back for long boots but will have missed train by now 
Went to this McDonalds and it was packed with 12 yrs girls I feel sorry for the people who work there  http://yfrog.com/3ykrfj
Ughh.. Went to the dentist today. And my mouth hurts alot! 
@MsJuicy313 And NOW you're probably sleep again :-P!!! I only say this because I'm jealous. Went to bed @7am woke up @8am  soooooo sleepy
Went to Ault park to play. They had a band. We had fun playing right up to the point Peri pooped her pants. 
Progressive was closed  Went to Angelo's and had some bangin' apple pie. Happy girl, here!
I could use a cold one. Went 2 grandma's 4 lunch. She has 10 Corona's in the fridge. ?? Clearly I ain't livin right. 
@goodeggdining no worries we went to Cheevers! Excellent filet. Went to Market C to get cupcakes afterwards but they were out. 
Went to the comic store again, no purchases  Did get dinner at Chili's though..
Went to Michael's to use my 40% off coupon... I swear they always lure me to buy stuff with those things 
Amazing day today! Went shopping with my fave person. Bought the cutesy outfits from BCBG. saw 2 crazy car wrecks; both by Hollister. Sad 
Went to Caffiend closing-party. Am sorry I never went before tonight. 
@surfchik4jesus Went to Times today and didn't see any mini strawberries. 
Last night was great. Went for a stroll on the coast with Sar and it was awesome. Then it went bad; Chris is beating me again in trophies 
Went to bed after 12, didn't sleep well, had to get up at 5. Can you say tired? And, I have an Usborne booth today, so no napping. 
Went back to the Vietnamese place tonight. Same dish, completely different taste. Armageddon in chili form. No lemon grass flavor. 
What a beautiful morning. Went for an early run, drop off the kids, btw last day of school  then went to the gym. Maybe golf at 11am.
@hairyc I still remember the dead and rotting mouse hidden behind furniture in my bedroom many years ago   Took 6 weeks to locate. YUCK!
Went all the way to newcastle for hairdye and they have stopped selling it  Gona have to order online and wait days to get it 
@SAuerswald mine too. Heard &quot;the cough&quot; around 5 am this morning. Went to find the xoponex post haste. At least he did not barf 
@rararawr: i see... Hmmm... Went out thursday and friday already. Wanted to get some coffee awhile ago but no ones around to join me.. 
Went out to get the mail.. the heat almost knocked me over. I'm reading 86 here in Marion! 
I removed auto follow - too many dating and porn ppl. Took forever to find and unfollow them.    Pls give me some time to follow U back.
Went to London with Rosalie again today. Busy busy busy. She gets so many looks its unfair. 
Bought watermelon chunks yesterday. Went to eat some today, and they're sour and unpleasant-smelling.  so much for that, then.
Went to Lakemont today with Ash and Misty. I'll be headin home tomorrow 
As if Cairon Went.. Well gutted 
Went shopping today with new shoes and it was possibly the WORST idea Ive ever had !!  My feeeeeet
Went to Ottawa, got supper fixings, then hubby had to go to work 
Went 2 the pool party and got a 1 degree sun burn     Plus my friend came up frm under water and hit my jaw and it cut my tounge open wow
Went to beat my cousin up and she wacked me in the face with the storm door! Ouch! 
Fuckin shit. Went to bed at 230 woke up at 630..I haven't gotten a good night sleep in idk how long! Somebody save me 
Went to see idiosync + King singh at an old stripclub lastnight. Climbed 1008ft up a stripper pole and nobody put any notes in my pantys. 
@cathsoepadhi Went to my friend's place and that's about it  What about youuu?  Btw isn't it &quot;Ohana&quot; that means family? ;)
Went to happy hour.... sick before we even started! Chicken strips with dairy in the batter, I despise you!! Still sick today 
Went with a pate brisee crust using butter and shortening. Think I may have over-processed 
At home mad because i cant go to Birthday Bah  Went out lat night had hella fun with muh Favorite Cousin,Sister,Step-Sisters,&amp;&amp; other  ...
Went to the Brownies closing sale  with Dee. Left with 12 vintage iron on transfers and 2 t-shirts....
Went home sick on my birthday   but atleast I came home to this! Thx mom &amp; dad!! http://twitpic.com/7y5c6
Went to the #Mennonite store today for spices and baking supplies. Love it. Lil bro goes back to #Chicago tomorrow.Week went by so fast. 
Went this afternoon to another Vet. Got Stewart a nice brown ceramic fired urn. Sweet boy would like that better. Miss him so much 
Today was a great day!! Went to the Universoul Circus and had a blast!! This doesn't happen often, but I wish the day didn't have to end 
I've been out all day. Went to see the place where Pride and Prejudice filmed - beautiful! Got really bad stomach ache now though 
Went to a big street festival to sell my wares today and it RAINED ALL DAY!!  But made a little $$ still so it's OK. Time for drinks!
Went to Roselle park in Ada this evening. Climbed the silo only to find balcony door was closed 
Went to markets, got rained on  Bit gots yummy fruit &amp; veg + fresh baked cheesey sticks ! WIN!
Went on for the last time as Penny tonight  boo!! I love this cast!!
Went to my hometown today, Huntington beach, I would give anything to move back. I miss it more then ever  I don't want to leave tomorrow
Went to FRESNO EDGE last nite!!! Was super fun.... Till then end of the nite, had a guy pull a  Uzie to my chest!!! Come on Fresno!! 
Went to a wedding today, almost laughed out loud when the pastor said &quot;Jesus was invited today, and he never refuses an invitation.&quot;  #fb
Went for quick blast round fields and paths with the hounds. My knee ain't right still  #cycling dogs all knackered now though #dogs
Went to Groningen yesterday. For the first time since 2005 at the Martini Regatta... raining 
@Sarah87x just that 1. Went to glasgow to meet them but couldn't go to the gig cus couldn't get the next day off work 
amazed with my legs, I can still walk normally. Went to the bookstore to look for The Runner's Body - its sold out! 
Went shopping for the 2nd day today, got some more holiday clothes =] Bored noww 
Went to pour my coffee. Realized I made water... Forgot to add the ground coffee 
Went to 3 of NYC's supposed best donut shops this morning. I was let down by all 3. 
Good day, Went out. Had lunch and now settling down to do French Rev source task 
Went grocery shopping this morning and was on the phone with Vizio - the new TV doesn't work already after just 5 months 
Took chunk out of the alloy. Woops 
Went to gym, and I think i strained an ab muscle  Ouch! Its been a rough day.
Went swimming 2day. -_- *sigh* God, summer has been SOOO boring so far. 
Gratuation was cute. Lots of kids. Funny dresses? Nice smiles. Went fast, they all seem so grown up  ...Rushed but made it to work on time
Went to bed last night just to have the power go out three times in the night!!! Needless to say I slept very little cause it was so hot 
Went swimming with Emi and Katie.  Getting ready to have lunch with them before they go. 
Went to play on Xbox Live last night and realized... I don't have any friends!!!   Anybody wanna add me?  Tag:  Functioning &gt;.&gt;
Just back from concert omg lagan college have da best singers EVER yaya!! Went down to visit one of my besties Amy but she wasnt in  xoxo
Went for a 3 hour bike ride today...im sore  but happy that I got to spend time with Helen!
ugh. Went to the beach. Not fun. Saw a broken duck and it broke my heart. 
Went out to a bar for one of the first times (in the states) and got my ID rejected- they wouldn't serve me  haha.  So I DDed.
Went to Devin's soccer game tonight. They lost.       10 to zero..lol
Went to bed* at* 215. I hate it when I mis-type things. Grrr. 
Went to kamps.... and I REALLY miss Cameron. dammit! 
Went to bed at 11pm...was woken up at 2am..now I am AWAKE!     what to do, what to do.....
Ah got a wireless mighty mouse for my Mac today. Went shoppin an spent too much money as usual 
Dropped $6 this morning while walking the dog  Went to look, but it was already gone...
playing with my little one. Almost a year old  Went too fast
Went to the beach at the end of my road yesterday.  Went swimming and everything.  Did get a bit of a sunburn, tho.    Back to work today.
Is still sick. Gonna be pick at least till mon. Went to doctor. Figured out i have pnuemonia 
Mmmm... self-inflicted sleep deprivation. Came up with a fun card idea though. 
G'Morning! Went to bed in a good Mood  ! I think I've met my Match..
o, what am I doing? Went for an EEG, went to a Wedding, and danced the evening away in uncomfortable shoes. ( - cos you needed to know 
Went to Pro Store. Completed palette. 
@amberelli Went for the pint of all but stuck to Richmond instead. Was very good though 
Went to Jericho to plant trees and collected a bunch of free stuff 
@aranarose Went there and did that! Nice survey...not too long! 
Went to Coldstone with my hunny, now we're chillin at  home 
Went to see &quot;The Greater Tuna&quot; tonight... save your $50...  it's better spent at the casino  
@LAWeekly I did, It was amazing. Went To Rockaways three different times and told everyone to go 
Went to SketchyVille with my sister at night. Gang rival tags in a sketchy place at night? Yeah, I think I will pass next time  haha. Nite
@arunsonnet It was an official tour to Dehradun on an Audit. Went to Massourie on the leave day  . Overall it was good.
Life still sucks... Went sleep at 2AM because I was watching britain's got talent (Loved the saxophonist  ) Getting more upset now.. D:
Woke up at seven. Went biking and cleaned!! Love a fresh Sunday morning 
Got bored of being ill and staying in. Went shopping in Reading. I feel much better now 
Went to the coolest church in the world this morning !!!! ........Blown away !!!!... 
Went to 17 Again last night--It was super funny.  Go see it if you can! 
@aplusk Went to see Crank 2 this weekend. Very enjoyable 
@jamie_oliver Hi! Went to mountain cabin in Norway, preparing wood for next season, basic cabin, som simple Entrecot and mushroom sause 
Another lovely day in HK. Went to a museum, wandered around then sat out in the sun 
@postsecret Went to your event at Truman tonight, it was amazing! Thank you, I feel truly inspired 
VERY stressful day at work.... UGH!  Went to comedy club after work -made up for bad day!  Had a good time!  
Went out, met Joe, am happy, hope he calls.  Won't care much if he doesn't but did really enjoy his company 
Fahh it's Lykk 5 in the avo &amp;&amp; I Juss Woke upp haha !! Went 2 a Awesome Party Gawtt soo wasted I don't Remember anythingg muchh bhaa  
Having a good night. Went to dinner with Mom and then out to get my paycheck and coffee. Really low-key tonight. It's good. 
@blueoctoberband Went to the show tonight-AMAZING! Can't wait to see you live again-till then will continue to listen daily 
@ladybug27 O, so I missed somethin' huh? Went over my head, is that it? Wondered why he seemed so enthused over Oats!  That guy is funny!
Went for a swim at Boblingem wellenbad with kinder - much fun.  Lunch=Ikea, naps &amp; kites now 
Went to bed at 3 and up at 7...its gunna last night longgg day! Yay! There will be a wedding in 11 and a half hours! Congrats sister! 
Went to the store, bought groceries, made breakfast for kids. Kids playing Wii right now and not fighting over it 
Home after being out since 12. Went to see sister in her show. Was very good 
Went to jamies b-day today ! Was so much fun 
Went to a party, got (almost) drunk, played strip Apples to Apples. Tonight was pretty good. 
@BalderKongen Y'day was gr8, Went out will my friends to a park, took some pics &amp; walked a lot. Came back around 11pm. Very exhausted. 
Went to Portsmouth and yesterday and ate lots of pudding. 
Went camping last night, without Booze. Suprisingly we still had fun. 
Went out with @whereistheninja last night, saw Coraline, missed train 3 times and got pizza at 11pm. 
Went to McDonalds, homeless lady w/ shopping cart asked me for empty cans/bottles. I opened my trunk and gave her $20-30 dollars worth.  
(@JenniferEllenM)Went to see Bob Dylan last night, was amazin'  Going to work soon. I was put on till 13 for my first ever shift! http ...
@williamjone LOL yeah. Went to my cousins party last night and chilled today. Did you get the lyrics I sent? 
I've been running on 4 hours of sleep! Went to a Bon Voyage party today, among other things. Fun stuff. 
OMG. Missed bus, walking miles, for a coffee  Went to see my ex-classmates 
Came back from Bishopstorford! Went to my Aunt's wedding party by the way. It was fun! I got to see my cousins again after about 3 years 
Went to see Priscilla Ahn last night, was amazin! so were the bands before her actually 
Went outside and picked flowers with Marina! i love picking flowers haha 
@jtimberlake Went to your resteraunt in NYC, it was aaaaaaaaaamazing 
Went shopping a lil... I deserve it... And now a night on the town in the big city of Norfolk 
Watching George Lopez. Went to my school and played some basketball. Today was pretty nice. And HOT! 
@FoxWhisperer  My Dad worked for SW when I graduated HS. Worked at HOU 21 years.   He retired 3 years before I joined the Company.
Went to mikey's cousin's wedding. His mom caught the bouquet. 
@SOLAMAYA Went to your site! Would love to help &amp; work with you! I will do whatever I can to help support your cause! Awesome!!!! 
Went and saw Fighting last night with the best friend. It wasn't all that great but Channing Tatum is amazing! 
Went shopping for sports tour yesterday with Garley... very very very funny!! Now I need some brunch  And a shower.
Went on a short flight around the Geelong waterfront.  Surprised at how well I handled it, as I'm still exhausted from last weeks meetup
Went to a Muslim marriage for the first time in my life. Came back with my stomach full of tasty briyani. Really like it very much. 
The football season finished yesterday...Livi drew 2-2 :| Went to my grandparents yesterday, then my grannie's today  Homework now :|
Went to bed at 5...finally up; Hooray, no hangover 
just got home. Went with a nice  friend to get chinese. Fought with Audreys cat. Took food to hungry people. I'm Jesus!
Went shopping today. Love the new shoes and bag! &lt;3 Photos at my livejournal 
Went to feedly to see what's trending on elearning, and hey, its us  Take charge, and start a dialogue http://bit.ly/Na9xX
Went through a place called Bridgenorth,nice place,very quaint.We have a shorted stage coming up,only 18miles,yaaayy 
Went shopping w Roz, nothing bought but saw red Bonds and leather jacket I want. Also The Long Firm at ABC store! So want it 
Back home! Went to watch Angels &amp; Demons! NICE! 
Watching Monk then going to bed. Went to bed at 5:30 this morning, staying up for about another hour, then up early for church... oh yeah 
@nickvegas Yes sir. Popped the question today at Cranbrook at like 19 &amp; Woodward. Went great! 
... Went on the Million Paws Walk today!  Had so much fun... so did the dogs ~ that's the main thing!  
Back! Went to bukit timah nature reserve. So much FUN! 
Went to church this morning. Kinda boring, hope I'm allowed to stay at home this afternoon. My boyfriend's coming for diner. Yay 
Was a smart and fantastic night last night. Went to bed at 6:30am, and then woke up at 12pm... Body clock is going back to normal now! 
Went wedding dress shopping with my daughter Whitney yesterday.  One of those moments you dream about when you have a little girl 
@josielm What have you been doing not sleeping?! Went to Oscar Wilde's house which was v. exciting &amp; Bar Italia because I = tourist.  x
@felicityfuller Went really well! Slower than planned due to congestion, loo stops etc!. Feel good..achy and tired, but good!  x
Went to Mass, it was refreshing 
Went to Club FA (Freedom Acres) last night, it was fun &amp; different! My first swing club!! 
@Merrygoldalways Yeps were they tlkin bwt Marvins Tracksuit Bottoms Lol  Yeah i Wish i Went to that school ! x
Went to www.blackboardbistro.com in Seal Beach for breakfast. Good place, good food, good prices  http://twitter.com/ONeener/statuses/ ...
@soonerviking Yeah, the Spring concert I do every year that you attended.   Went very well.
Staring at the computer screen until I can think of something to write  Hahaha. Went to MIT and other universities today  Had fun!
Went for a kip early evening, woke up at 1am! Tsk. Off to work now. 5 days to holiday though! 
Went to the hairdresser this morning and now back at work! Well, maybe some coffee first 
Went to NELson today xD Ohhh has anyone heard 'Silly Boy'??? good song 
20th birthday yesterday! Had an amazing weekend  Went watching Angels &amp; Demons and had spagehtti and meatballs from Frankie &amp; Bennys!  yum
Went to see Ruben, he was very glad to see his mummy. The car is now FULL of sand 
Went car shopping. Ended up driving to Normal Illinois to buy a Hummer (H3). I love it. 
@introspectre Went surprisingly well ta, a lovely question came up and then another was alrighty. Happy Jonathon  How's Cazzius?
Went to bintaro plaza to prepare Mila's surprise- with cake + eggs, flours, and sodas. Flours all over my uniform's skirttt, good day 
Went to see Zoya she reads coffee grinds &amp;palms &amp; cards gr8 reading so excited to have the validation 2 what I no in my heart 2 be true 
@BeautyfulSoul Went to see Fighting...a bare knuckle Boxing flick, not a bad film...but it did drag on a bit but fight scenes were cool 
is home. Went to Camille's place.  I miss batchi Haha! (dance) http://plurk.com/p/vg7sb
 Travel is sorted! Went into town - and found National Express had disappeared :S Thankyou porn for the internet! I now have an e-ticket!
@lunglock I know! Went straight to the Sale section, like the stingy so and so I am 
Drama Performance over!! ThankGod! Haha. Went well...i hope 
Went to the stables with my dad in Biggar  Was a fun trip.
Went INS shopping spree at lunch time. Loves it 
Hugs to the #GGS fun fit challenge girls, keep up the motivation for the weekend! Went for my SLOG today (oh so slow jog)  Go girls! 
Went to Mexicali for dinner.  Yum.  
Omg! Went to the New forever 21!!   i was in heaven    -K.M. =^.^=
Went to the gym this morning. Took a core pilates class. Totally feeling the effects just now. =( Oh well. Still going again tomorrow! 
Went from 11 to 10 followers tonite.  Was it something I said or didn't say?? 
