Most common words for this cluster:
[('while', 574), ('lol', 17), ('time', 16), ('u', 13), ('twitter', 11), ('day', 10), ('haha', 9), ('havent', 8), ('phone', 8), ('whilst', 8), ('internet', 8), ('wow', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'while', 0.9367437362670898), (u'instead', 0.605011522769928), (u'whilst', 0.5897262692451477), (u'Instead', 0.5531154870986938), (u'still', 0.5169251561164856), (u'meanwhile', 0.5155391693115234), (u'after', 0.5038833618164062), (u'juice_Leclerc', 0.4966217875480652), (u'before', 0.4855359196662903), (u'Relaxing_laughing_talking', 0.4845101237297058)]





@eileenb I had that a while back (http://tinyurl.com/dmukpr), and I know some other people that have too 
@jemcam but your going away and so is B... looks like we will have to wait a while 
waiting for jason to wake up.. could be a while 
i hate being the first one in and the last one out. and it's been this way for a while now. 
@nlupus I've been contracting for a while now, though might have to return to the 'darkside'! 
@bobbyvoicu Any progress on the site sale, seen it's not been updated in a while 
@tomwans man, wish you posted something earlier, I was there like for a while  
I really want to go to the flight of the conchords concert next month, but tickets have been sold out for a while 
Just going to look for the paracetamol  it has been a while since I had a good nights sleep.
Off to clean my room in a while  bad times....then onto the revision 
been a while. just got up, super tired. weekends should totally be longer 
@AdirondackMetal nope.  I always feel sick to my stomach in the morning, been this way for quite a while
has woken up feeling like crap,so is going back to bed for a while 
hasn't twiitered for a while...... oooooo what to twitter about??????..... no news 
@chrgary at my desk on the 12th floor, every once in a while it flakes out and I can't listen to pandora 
Hey folks! I've been dead busy with the show the last while, and it's all over now! 
@Jaimrie sorry hun.. I haven't talked to you in a while...   I don't know whats going on.. but you have my digits..
working a saturday for the first time in a long while 
@joeymcintyre where you at, joeyjoe?not heard from u in a while 
@Cherrim I dunno... XD; I knew it for a while, but my parents almost divorced a while back and all that, so I guess I forgot then 
I haven't spoken to @Megarawrr &amp; @willowsaywhat in a while  I feel deserted!
is waitin for her brother to come in cause he is going to pinch the laptop off me haha  oh well i have been on it for a while now xx
i am finally in! it wouldn't let me a while ago 
feels like she hasn't twittered in a while. The weekend's nearly over.. 
cannot wait to get back into the gym, tis been a real while 
In bed waiting desperatly for snuggles that i know are not going to come for quite a while 
For a while...coffee never affected me...today it hits me...can't sleep 
@eddog43 do i *have* to be wearing nothing but a thong while doing that?  i can't find any competitions that let me wear a gi 
@rumblepurr My mummy tries to pet the belly-floof once in a while, but I'm afraid I get spikey swipey  It's for lookings not touchings!
Hasn't felt this sick in a while 
@mysticat_12 I know  last one for a while too 
@spiderxbear no unfortunatly  i decideded on ntohing for a while. now im stuck for ideas hahaa i wish i was rich
i proabably wont be on for a while again . i keep forgetting 
Right knee is giving me grief again, no more Hexercycling for a while 
@deejaybooth  - I learned this lesson a while ago. Wish I caught this one ahead of time.
wasting away on the couch while watching kil bill 
Tired of it all.....sleeping til it all makes sense...I'll be out for a while  
@FallOutCookGirl i know  i just bought them to have it. i dont think i'll read it for a while :'(
@justsail Feels like I haven't seen you in a while. 
@kman_19 there's never been such choice for me. i had to go... i'm really feeling sick. in bed today. you havent called in a while 
totally  fell asleep dressed and all the lights on lol. its weird sleeping in my own bed when i  havnt in a while. and alone at that 
i am soooo hungry..... also not been on this in a while as i cant use it when on the move so its not that good for me 
hasnt seen the window cleaner in a while 
kinda depressed... vancouver will be in a rut for a while 
@lettycheung heehehee.. i dun`t really get this . but it seems cool  hai  i haven't seen yoooh for a while nowww !!
my thoughts still revert back to him. its been a while yet i still can't help but remember how right it felt to be in his arms.   too  ...
ltp'ing it tonight on the couch while I wait for the sheeps to start jumping and wondering how high i can count just incase.  yay me 
laying off any activity that has to do with my left knee for a while.. 
@itisnthealthy what should i bring to the beach..its been a while 
@frankinguyen i use it.. been using it for a while - but I'm having trouble sharing wif my colleagues   and printing is a pain
No internet for a while 
a little break for a while. i cant use internet 
So I was gone for a while due to computer problems... I'll be mia for a while. 
@sparklethots  yeah it has lasted a long while... never fully recovered 
@sethgoldstein - it has been this way for quite a while w/ this computer 
@jimsheafer nice! i look forward to it. i have to admit, i havent checked it in a while 
@fxguy1969 havent in a while, cuz of the weak internet  .. its been stormy/cloudy here .. 
@felix_a its going on for a while. I think all the food is gone but its open bar. $30! We already left 
@sheridannn not really they take a while to download but 
working on the mac for a while, the terminal is &quot;ugly&quot;, with or without antialias-text 
This muslei has been sitting in the cupboard for a while. It are stale. 
@AneezD lol i've been alone all this while anothing happen also neways there are more ppl here now  i was enjoying my solitude
@TravisGarland wow, I haven't heard a 'Doug' reference in a while ... I miss that show 
@littledeaths oh! then its not her, thank god. she hates me because of some fic i wrote about winding up ryan and keltie a while ago. 
actually far too hungry, not got any shows for a while 
i havent felt this emo in a while  
@PixelExecution Aww!  when this kitty was a (adorable) kitten I was still living out in va so I only saw him every other month for a while
@crazyvy havnt talked to u in a while 
I think I should stay away from gambling for a while. 
@ewabeachboy it poured for a while. 
I miss you i miss your smile and i still shed a tear every once in a while. 
hmmmmmmmmmm.... it['s been a while since we last talk but I still feel your breath on my neck... I miss you... 
Going to school in a while 
I won't be twittering for a while 
must have been the first WE since a while that nobody logged my caches 
@ProducerAlayna where are you? haven't read a tweet from you in a while. 
@benhendry quite a while i'm afraid 
i didn't clean...i over-twittered instead 
i didn't clean...i over-twittered instead 
its been a while I had a sit down proper meal and when I finally had one, it got my tummy very ummset 
@joangee sorry to hear it still hurts, but I heard it could last for quite a while 
packing my bags right now   just got told that i may not be out for a while.. or maybe a few days. gosh, i hate this.
it's been in the past for a while.i get a flash and i smile.am i crazy?still miss you baby! 
@hieuieez very true u havent been on for a while and also havent blogged 
My belly hurted sooo bad a while ago. It still does a little 
So, I took a nap at 8:30 and I just got up not too long ago... So I'm not going to sleep for a while!!! 
noooo  i've forgotten how to play 7 things on the guitar... it's been a while.
@ColorblindFish I tried ubertwitter a while back, couldn't get it to work on my crackberry. 
Realization: I am not going to sleep for a long while 
got GREATscores. i'm off a while for exam yeaps. 
will sleep in a while. still mourning the adobo he cooked.  http://plurk.com/p/x12gf
@eogasawa you looked great for being sick yesterday! i'm sorry I didn't really make an effort to say hi...  I was preoccupied for a while
@KING617 I REEEALLY wish I could be there  haven't been n a while.what's goin on down there lately?
Over-thought tying my shoe, couldn't figure it out for a while 
home after a while out! i feel like a long skate seshion but got arrands to do 
okay, i'm out for a while  back later!
Wow I haven't tweeted in a while and I bet no one missed me! 
@beyondmany oh no!  try again later, ash won't be on for a while
I hate being so far away.  You need a hug and it's 2 1/2 hours away.  Probably won't get it for a while 
@skedasticity I haave been sleepy for a while now.  
havent beeeeen on in a while 
I really don't want to drive myself anywhere for a while... 
grrr... not going outside for a while! my leg is soo sore  x
my cousin has decided to facebook on my laptop .. will not be tweeiting for a while 
woke up a while ago...going out soon 
@damienfranco Its so common for it to crash now   I find I have to delete the process then its ok again for a while its eating memory
@staceyelliott3 nahh i don't think so, i haven't been talking to anyone just lauren a while ago :L i don't want to sit in all day but  x
Listening to this while I pack for the airport  http://bit.ly/EiYDB
@steveportigal I repost w/o attribution frequently b/c it sits in a tab for a while and i forget where i saw it. 
My last dance, then i say goodbye to the dancefloor for a while 
@iamcaps The worst kind, it's been a while,  the all my your self king of drought 
i went and flexed it down the park but it's gone all limp now...  it was great whilst it lasted though.
So if we go it's going to take a while 
@trevin No new toys for me for a while. 
@DeeWoodz imma be downtown for a while   keep me updated tho ;-)
Going away for a while 
@jeffdoc It won't get better than that for a while. or until the @jonasbrothers follow you. you'll forget about me then. 
@AdamsDesign  I haven't sailed in a while. 
hasn't signed on in a while, but is going to bed on my own 
twitter didnt work for a while their?? 
Why do I have a real want for a bike right about now?  To bad its not going to happen for a while 
Has to use twitterfon for a while 
@ChandlerAdaway same here... worst saturday in a while 
I have to wait for a while  too bad..
@HOTTVampChick joe hasn't for a while. what a bucket 
Just finished doing laundry...need to get her out of my mind for a while... 
quite conserned about my ipod touch, it takes quite a while to turn on,    and my followers have gone down again 
thinking of going to relax for a while .. then continue worrying 
was bruised  a while ago.. http://plurk.com/p/xdc5a
* for a while ... cant even type due to lack of snoozing  :L
@mizdi my lolo  I'll be going to the wake in a while. later!
my laptop is totally knackered so won't be on for a while - sorry 
im back for a while. a little frustrated at dad for not letting me go out  urrghh. parents eh?
just watched dreamcatcher, it's been a while. still makes me tear up!  poor duddits..
ok.. It's been a long while.. I have fever now and really can't get out of bed.. 
@sparkyourheels I'm fine, bit scary for a while though, a few touched down about 20 mins away from here. 
No phone for a while 
@KathrynAnderson yeah at some point but appretnley they're having problems with their computer so I won't get it for a while 
@akolosik I don't want you to be there for a while! 
I'm pretty sad, my phone was working last night for a while but when i woke up it was completely fried 
@daedalus21 can't call you  they were complaining about me talking tpp much and all yesterday... got to cool it off for a while :O
looking up some music to put on my ipod. I have been musically deprived for a  while. 
@tommcfly it's not on in the uk either  won't be for a while!
@BrokePimpStyles hmmm...I dunno...haven't heard from either of them for a while. 
@tommyreyes i havent paid my bill in a while 
i got lots of homework to do  so goodbye twitter for a while(again)
@curtistrichel But you still have a while for that 
@nadineynuisance i see , lol , poor you  .. i also deleted my cookies ... i 'm not sure if it helped   , but it worked after a while
@JoeTheHint i dont know! i think it's gonna be a while  you'll be on the road for a while and the one show in va, i cant go to. sad face
@OnTimeToday I haven't seen it in a while so she brough you down 
Wow. i havnt twitter in a while. i feel so... empty 
@wmslim Congrats.  I know it's been a while in the making. I'm sorry about the box checking...
@fontenot619 Haha, I haven't said that in a while 
I just woke up from the worst nap ever and to top itoff I'm hungrier than I've been in a long while *shakes head* fml 
@dinibeanie I seriously need to get away from here for a while. so excited for holidays but there's so much studying to do before then! 
I got sick a while ago 
broke a toe- genius(!)- well it'd been a while since i last did it- should have seen it coming really 
...it's really going to take me a while to adjust to not having my cat. 
I need to go and get my nails done shortly so if you want to say hi, it might take me a while to get back to you. 
@mossyrants I wonder if that's the same one I read about a while ago. fucking hell.  that's awful
@addiecoop It's okay. ;) I have those moments once in a while.  lol
wow. it's been a while since I've been online. sorry.. 
@apollokids i did that a while ago and thought it worked but the internet still works, i got a 700 dollar bill 
hi folks !!!! its been a while 
This may seem insignificant to some but I wish once and a while I could go grocery shopping with my boy! 
@JustcallmeMac now I really can't play  I'll be gone for a while for sure
no skating for a while noww 
y'know what makes me sad? the picture of ym@6 on the underside of the shelf above my bed, it's from a while back when they were unknown 
@originaltyler they suck doody  I have them once in a while
@wiseleo We had 2,000 a while ago but we lost a few followers 
Last night in jtown for a while 
Not going to have a phone for a while 
@michellewegner I know, it takes a while to develope    I really like sad movies though, I thought it was good but it did not do real  ...
@michellewegner I know, it takes a while to develope  sorry. I liked it though. I tend to like sad movies
havent been on in a while..... sad ..... very sad 
it's been a while-i'm back! studying 
Has no internet yet  therefore will be using my cell for the web for the next while, so no @blogTV for me for a while  boo
THINKING how to invis for a while... helep ... 
#goodsex ... I haven't had that in a long while 
on bebo whilst my back is dying 
@poocs I saw a service that did exactly that a while ago, but don't remember the name. 
spoke to toryboy for first time in a while. bad bad revalations. now bf is asking me what is wrong 
just got back from *drag me to hell* scariest movie i've seen in a while, proper got the jumpies 
Looks like installation is going to take a while. 
not new cel for a while 
@reinaxochitl that one has been in the making for a while, unfortunately 
haven't had @ replies for a while  love them
I think we have run out of hot days for a while ... 
will be gone for a while again 
@rustycharm @kiwimmigrator not fair thats easy...after quick search can't find a source - looks like this will take a while 
@ICETWICE I know it's not but even the ungrumpy allowed to be grumpy once in a while 
time's drifting quickly... i wish i could stop it for just a while 
@trishababycakes Saaad. 'Cause I wasn't able to tweet @tommcfly a while ago, so no reply for me. 
It was a good excuse to get out of the office for a while, too bad no one (not even the sales rep) showed up for my class 
So, i wake a while and the rain was so hard. 
@GeekTwisT well yeah I guess   can I borrow it for a while?
I'll be sad to see it go! shows like this only come round every once in a while. 
@ButtercupD where's everyone? I haven't seen @harleywonderpug in a while! 
@Austinslide Lol I truly enjoy it too... No posts in a while though 
wow i havnt been on here in a while.. i feel kinda bad 
@tobiefysh So do I. But trying not to get my hopes up as tendons can take a while to heal - especially at my age, said the physio! 
You will be waiting a while i havent taken a good picture in months 
still haven't slept , and i'll be going out in a while!  D:
i've been working on this silly english project all day. it beats math for a while though  ugh
@laynerea No there wasn't.  I like cake so this saddened me. I haven't had cake in quite a while.
wow  haven't tweeted in a while 
Would like to go to sleep, but I don`t see that happening for a while. 
I haven't felt like this in a long while! I think sleep would be the best answer for everyone right now.. Even me!.. 
 a while weekend without a lie in. What have i done to deserve this?
This is proboly my last tweet before I leave for newjearsey  I wont be on here for a while just got done packing.
@JoaniexMarie aw *hugs* I wish we could hang out so you could get away for a while 
I've been having insomnia for a while now  i need to sleeep early! how can people sleep so early? i jst dnt get it!
@iamthefuture I know but I'm laying off the caffiene for a while. 
@kungfoodpanda no more in-n-out...for a while 
@newvibes I saw it on streaming video, I don't think it's out for a while 
@tiinag I know its been a while 
going to burnaby later! and i applied to pethabitat a while ago. they have a mini chico up for sale. 
glutened for the first time in a while, and it was a bad one 
loves weddings but is sick of going to them without a date.  it gets depressing after a while...  
I'm not gonna have my car for a while 
Ahh yes, I'll use this now. And for a while maybe. I miss robo.to  ))
@CHLOEVINCENT ok i guess. havnt talked to u in a while 
@GentleSinner  That doesnt mean I wouldnt like to be god once in a while 
@maliajonas haha i havnt been on the laptop for a while  but same! im so excited to hear the full thing
I'm leaving in a while... 
@dannymcfly don't occupy my mind for a while,please.i have to study  tysm!
@rosedragoness Sadly not  But it hasn't happened in a while, so that's good
@SunnyCryAlice it takes a while it took mines a day to work. 
sozzo haven't updated in a while 
@girlwonders My god. That cat is possessed! I think mine just needs a while to settle in... she won't come out from under the bed 
@KrisKaine That's a cool idea. I did a couple a while back... I'm really not that good at it. 
I was the fifth wheel last night    i felt so lonely! I almost forgot what it (loneliness) feels like!!!!! It's been a while
@blebby42 i haven't seen any larryquotes in a while. 
I have to clean my room today  This could take a while.
not been this fed up in a while  need some serious cheering up
I am giving up for a while...ttyl 
@dani__09 wow how cool! i haven't heard of them for a while  no new songs or anything!
Wow. I ran into the wall while getting chased by my nephews. 
Trying to break my sugar addiction is so hard! I did great for a while but making  &amp; sampling my brothers grooms cake set me back. 
@ladyinthepew hasn't tweeted in a while.  
@jennettemccurdy i can't find my comment u posted me a while back and i wanted to put is under favorites 
@HHdakota I'm so sorry. I don't know what else to say besides what happened was wrong.  we love u
So a while ago I was happy I saw no chicken pox... One of the twins is now covered in them... (He did have the shot, so not too bad) 
Last smoke session for a while 
worked out for the first time in a while!  but now im feeling sick 
I got to see one of my best buddies for about 15 minutes and I just realized he's gone and I won't see him for a while  dangit
@XfailuretoliveX i'm here, dearest. i like to drop off the face of the earth for a while sometimes, go be emo. periodic depression, ugh 
misses home  updating accounts. no updates for a while. i miss twitterfox. bye!!
hasn't used twitter in a while 
sorry for no updates for a while 
I felt ''left out'' in school a while ago ... 
is back for a while, then I'll leave for the final exam. feels like hell 
Here's a reason to be happy. A while ago, my crush gave me a small talk. And he told me, he's going to come with me, but I said 'no 
@CarrieAnnYoung haha I'm back.  We got back late because we hung around a while. I should have called you. I'm sorry. 
@mishikraz That sucks :S good luck doing so...it looks like it's going to take a while 
Is sick with really really bad bronchitis &amp; feeling miserable, temp 40 degrees... won't be online for a while will be recovering in bed. 
@skinnyribs haha it's okay!  I don't know, i'm going to broke for a while sadly, he'd look so good next to my green one as well ha 
avn been on here in a while =/   internets been down  http://tinyurl.com/n4cmg5
ok it's been a while since an update but sometimes that's the way it is..   Looking forward to a few days off.
@ninaschuster yeah, I just haven't got to talk to him in a while since the phones have been down, it's just been a long day already... 
@carlosefonseca And it won't work for quite a while, I'm afraid. 
back still aching  . hmmm.. it's been a while since i thought about old girlfriends I used to have
@gusshin pro gjp (aka djl+p). always. any flashback w/ gjp is fine with me. haven't heard almost paradise in a while though. 
my twitt game slackin  -- meaning I haven't been on in a while
@waynemarkle havnt felt like myself for a while :| just need a break 
hasn't been this hungry...and this broke...in quite a while. 
tweetless for a while...i was sick 
@EwitaK this guy that worked at denny's a while back 
@ItsMeEMG It was bomb. I haven't had ur food in a while  
@DominicScott: I lost mine a while back. ((( Now I don't have one at allll.  Haha.
-@fannaZA leaving for langkawi in a while 
@Amilli90 but i am now i haven't had none in a while 
at starbucks... its been a while since i had a frapuccino but now i know why 
@eunicedo you just made me feel guilty for not working out in a while 
@bdsexton i did that for a while when i owned a #coffee machine, then gave it up 
i miss pez.. feel like i havnt spoken to her in a while,.. 
Havnt tweeted in a while    i cant go to sleep 
internet down  won't b fixed 4 a while :....................(
hasnt had any lovin for a while 
is quite bored and is missing her family over in ireland, been a while that i aint seen them now 
@stephenfry how many times will they get pricing wrong. 3.0 software soon, been beta testing for a while, it's good, not the 3gs though 
@sanneroeling Downloaded it (A) took a while, and I need some new stuff, because it's still not running they way it should 
Oopps.. Just a while ago I have 1509 followers.. Now I only have 1508.. 
out for a while . i miss just ONE person  too bad...
Would like to not be so poor for a while. important things are expensive 
@SundeepToor but thats a while away yet 
@everrose seriously. we had some bushes for a while but nobody ever trimmed them so they got pulled up cause they took over. makes me sad 
@Morkula well I'm making food/eating it anyway... so it'll be a while 
Its such a desolate feeling, being alone in hostel which was so full of dynamism a while back 
So ready to go but I have a while 
Ah haven't tweeted in a while. Cannot sleep as I had a nap earlier 
@TheGamersGarage Sure is taking a while 
@SublimeLife uh, I think school just ended so..a while. 
#haveyouever tried to make the zoidberg noise whilst climaxing? I have. I failed. 
@MiguelSeagull aww  I feel so bad that I've worried you by telling you this. I've been sick for a while, this is nothing all that new
bout to eat ben and jerrys...yumm...havent tweeted in a while 
not gunna be in the studio for a while..I feel sick 
phonte ain't been on twitter in a while 
studying for a while longer. damn this test 
@cigdangle  they are not my friends either. We fight nightly. They win for a while, but I usually succeed with my attrition strategy.
@rhcpstyley your workout may have to be put off a while  buy don't let that stop you!
@J_nelle haha we need to catch up! its been a while since the conference  hows summer treating you?
@MCRsavedMilife hey. we havent talked in a while 
@almiraisaiden I missed you sis! I realized it a while ago when we were together. Now we aren't classmates anymore.  Also @paulinamaxine..
@mynameisplup i hope we're hanging out tomorrow because i miss you. we haven't had a conversation longer than two sentences in a while 
@ohmara oh no!  I wasn't there for very long, from like 10:45-11:30 then left for a while and came back around 1.
@KahleeRose unfortunately they changed caramello koalas, the caramel I think, a while ago 
1 of the worst ads I've seen in a long while http://short.ie/5qfkxj another agency goes quirky for the sake of it &amp; just makes a shit ad 
On my way to the hospital ~ they might have found what have hit my leg..  Here picture.. I'll be back in a while..   http://tinyurl.co ...
havent twittered in a while! been on holiday with parents, missing them already 
the recitation a while ago was very scary.... i thought she's not going to call me.. i felt nervous and panicked at that time.... 
@Stephanya you could be waiting for a while. the lastest rumour for 3.0 is another three hours 
@eskimo_sparky i tried it... @lstoll gave me one to play with for a while... I broke it in under a month 
paintball cancelled becuase you fags not bothered  and nor are we after a while T_T&quot;
@stevengmorris oh no  that would be sad, I haven't had any missing items for a while now...
@MieAase: ahhhk, usually when im not home i use www.ebuddy.com, but.. my school blocked it after a while 
I don't do play for a while 
Looks like I may have to live with this for a while since my 3G S apparently hasn't shipped yet 
@rheabea we hadn't spoken for a while, but I have been talkin to him the past week or so he told me bout his surgery n wt not  take care o
@kiikay  no lappy for a while longer?
@aileenwilliams well it doesn't look promising here for a while either 
@lubysleeps its in recovery mode or something so might be a while...  ps.iloveyou(more)
I have to go... already  But it was nice rejoining twitterville, even if it was only for a short while. Laters, tweeps!
@SueScanlon It always took a while 
@mariebollman oh no...you better check that out carefully...if you dont get it fixed no more jumpstart for a while 
twittaaaa! i miss you when i don't tweet for a while. at @BrookeNParsons house. the concert was canceled 
@tinkertoo652 the power was flickering for a while at work but it never went out. 
I was born the day I met you, lived a while when you loved me, died a little when we broke apart. 
X-box 360 is broken again that means no call of duty for a while 
@altwitty lol...I need somebody every once and a while lol and u been leaving me hanging lately 
@jeffhuggins yes, so happy! after all you got us all on twitter a while ago and then ditched us here 
@smsalam i'm still sufferin from jetlag  so it's really hard for me to go to bed before 3/4am so i'll awake for a while. u? studying?
@utjenn That's weird, I don't know what else to do then.    Maybe it's taking a while 2 get thru?
@JessAttack Lol! I wish I could do thaT but it's not mine.     She's taking a while to get it :p
@cesya I might try to order one tomorrow. It might take a while to ship from online though 
No internet for a while 
Currently annoyed at intellisense deciding to stop showing up every one in a while 
finally forcing myself to go to the gym...its been a while, and you can tell 
@krissysalisbury hope to catch u - haven't chatted for a while   how r u?
silly broken computers....I may be stuck without mine for a while 
been up for a while, nothing to do. 
I hate when trials are too short. That forces me to pirate for a short while 
@biancaawesome and we haven't talked in a while 
@Firefly2020 he was here earlier singing a cute little tune!! not heard from him for a while though. 
FUUUUUUCK, my phone's getting cut off for a while 
@_cza heeeeey where did you disappear to, u haven't tweeted in a while 
@ginj I know. I wasn't there for her before and now I'm not sure she is still there 
@HollyWorthy i know i havent actually spoke to her in while lol  i will ask her tommrow i am sure it wouldnt be a problem how muchh is it
@michaelscruse Looks like there is about 100 in the queue - it'll take a while 
nervous breakdown day? maybe. havent had one in a while. 
@documented I'd get one, but the monthly bills are way to high for me to justify it. I've been looking for a new phone for a while now 
@kcsulliv frankie &amp; i were in rip around 3/4 &amp; almost went to pitaya, when were u there? also, yats? so good but havent had it in a while 
haven't tweeted for a while.... ugh  i miss my kitten, its at my sisters. POOPIE
@nobhaga it's cashier changing time, it'll be a while 
off to help some old colleagues (they are young, it's just been a while) with their studio production. early mornings=  , studprods=yay ;)
my tummy still doesnt like me so im back off to beddy byes for a while 
yay i got my twitter back woohoo for a while there they locked it down and i was feeling very lost 
Just about to leave for nairne (I think that's how you spell it?) bye twitter for a while 
@AnnReyWil i know! i was sad for a while, but then it passed. really not lus at all 
will sleep in a while . sick 
Oh, I haven't Twittered for a while. The reason is that i haven't used the compuer lately (Thanks to my bro) 
@jaredleto how goes it? You havent tweeted in a while 
So sad. I was just thinking about a patient and how we haven't seen her in a while and I just learned that she passed away last night 
@that_rueb_kid Haha oops!  lmao well I've been sitting in stupid traffic for a while  I'd say you are still getting more done
i  wont get to see any of my friends for a while 
still so poorly. mum made me lie down for a while but it was doing me no good at all 
No cooking from me for a while, am all splinted up with a fractured wrist 
@thatjonaskidjoe i am sad. i havent seen you or nick &amp; kevin in a while!!!! 
i'm missing him  nice to get spontanious, lovely texts once in a while...
@gaipan damn I went swimmins doing laps already for a while and now I am swimmin leisurely 
@acreason I haven't made it out to that side of town for work reasons in quite a while.    Looking for $100 on the phone.
@ourman don't have the funds to live sans salary for a while. 
@TiernanDouieb Yay me too! But we will have to wait a while. 
@alexabailey  Didn't you sync your contacts?  That happened to me a while back, too. 
@meesasun Actually I haven't seen one in a while    There was a French short on tv last night that reminded me I need to see more!
@karlyyz I love charmed! I havn't watched it in quite a while though 
having deep conversation with my cousin who I haven't talked to in a while, he got it bad 
I just ran into a tree while tweeting--I think I have a problem.. 
seriously 3am with crying baby  its been a while since i had to pull this one. ~ m y a h ~
its been a while since i've fallen asleep beside him &lt;--- i miss this 
http://pic.gd/e9ed hmm struggling for space, garage now looks like study did a while ago 
http://pic.gd/8262c0 hmm struggling for space, garage now looks like study did a while ago 
last time on the internet for a while 
@Godzillarr i saw one of them a while back in perth, i wanted it but it was $60 
I will not get nostalgic I will not get nostalgic I will not ......goodbye for a while mom and dad 
hanging out with bridg on her last day here for a while 
I miss everyone so much I think I'm going to sit here and cry about it for a while 
sooo twitter officially stinks for putting me in jail  i guess ill just post pics on here for a while ;)
Still in the coach and will be for a while longer...my throat is killing me 
@ohshataptep it`s super scary  especially a while ago, i was the only one left in the jeep and the route was like, errrr dark places. :|
@mattb09 I bet he's pleased hahha whilst I'm lying on my deathbed euch 
planing for what's next  still thinking out of blue
needs to rest for a while. should be doing my report again by 5 or 6 am  going to manila by 10 ooh.
Oh  it's only in new york and very new and probably won't be touring for a while ((
@stales @jennOM I hope you are out enjoying the sun - it's going back in the slammer after today...for a long while I hear 
@erinlinnea i've been meaning to go to acs nat'l convention for a while, but... kept getting distracted 
I don't think I can stand my legs are so tired  hanging out around the house for a while.
havent bought a comic and book in a while pretty depressing 
@ape1213 i was up for frushi but they didnt know where it was so we decided not to  i might call u in a while about pork chops recipe
haven't felt this way in a while... p.s. i miss the guitar club members right about now. 
@chrisrowe dude, I stopped playing a while ago  sorry....
@chucktheceo not for a while I'm affraid... I'll connect from time to time at a hotspot, but don't know if that'll be easy 
I think i'll stay in for a while!! 
@teamcyrus yup, but not all sites are accepted  it took me a while to get in
@kirsty1181 and don't get grumpy  please lol... I'll have to hide for a while :p
@imalexevans yoga's fun but I haven't done it in a while! 
chilled with corbs and the crew for a while. at shaira's. phone's dead 
not going to ventura  going to san fran instead 
I need to find a girlfriend  it's been a while
@charriebaby it's pretty nice, but gets dull after a while 
@madmlb they're monitoring membership so i'd have to have it for a while &amp; actually use it before there was any chance of being accepted 
was threatened whilst running. All I had was my key. MuggingFAIL 
@suebee4274 I don't think any of our record shops buy these days. They went a while ago 
we caught a fish a while ago! i named it pisheee! then we set it free.  in memory of pishee. ; 3 ;
@JesslynFaith don't u love that?!?! I haven't heard tiger in a while tho! 
Now I am feeling the after-effects.  
@james_1990  you wouldn't have been able to play football for a while would you
Just created a while loop and forgot to change the counter. 
havvn't been on 4 a while ... in english ...stupid teacher  save me
@mfingporkchop i'm about to be 17, so yeah, i won't be going to netco for a while 
@jeddawhat: me too! i have been out of touch with jeddah people for a while now.  when will you be vacationing here?
@YankeeGirl20 I know we have actually seen quite a bit of it so far! Not as much as I would like though  No sun gets u down after a while
@StarfishDanehh i will go there once in a while but just lurk! i cant believe i wont party there anymore, i love partying there 
@AmandaPratt If I were not also a while away I would bring you something delicious 
@EatAnts @CosmosGirl Not for me for a while  I'm overbooked as it is. You two go have one for me.
@wzrdrock lols, yeah... they were supposed to play my sweet 16 but it fell through- haven't seen them in a while 
my computer doesnt like me at all!! im so angry  going to have a delicious dinner in a while..yyaammy
I'm having technical difficulties... Probably no videos for a while... 
@eitak no, unfortunately not  I am stuck with verizon for a while longer.
I fell asleep.now ill probly be up for a while 
@_rhian zumba's the bomb. haven't gone in a while tho 
CarlosBby left my house a while ago .. and fell asleep on me 
@zorocaster been a while since i had the charsiew there  its damn good
@PeteWilliams We've been trying to 'educate' them for months. They agree with us for a while but then always change their minds back! 
feasib mode... i miss chico and del  havn't heard them in a while..
i'm sooo bored.  listening to some K-pop goodness for a while. haha. ;)
has not had nookie for a while........ 
Last breakfast burrito from here for a while 
i miss you, i miss your smile. and i still shead a tear every once in a while...  :L
RJvR82: I will try and see if I can do it from here, might take a while   
@Heatherlyb I have been doing it for a while 
srry i have not been on in a while i have been busy...i miss my best buddies 
@AnnaSaccone yeah so no shopping for a while haha  how was your shopping ? xxx
I am seriously considering curling up under the duvet for a while  I hate being ill, I need to work! 
I'm gonna be up for a while soinma be posting lost of tweets  just for you martha LOL
@renesebastian why don't you switch to #gmail? I've used it for a while now and I love it 
@blottedcopybook maybe! although hub just told me he was up and down with her from 5-6 whilst I was snoring!! 
@OliviaCosmetics ok then  might not be for a while though?
@blackink12 It would be nice to see an update once in a while.  
@babsalaba maybe you could drop her off at @toddengel's for a while 
Going horseback riding for the first time in quite a while. 
@chrisbernard I hear you. I have been saying that for a while! 
Oh snap! i havent been here in a while!!   sup?
my last upaate was a while ago.here's a new one 
I'm still here, sorry I haven't signed on in a while, just been really busy. 
@crystalfranta you're funny! it took me a while to get used to it, too. 
Wondering if @mediahunter will read this while tweeting from other room. Ah the modern relationship 
@meg61 my pleasure!  and no rush, it'll be around for a while 
@bonnevivante Matouks is/was my favorite for a while - I went through a thai chilie phase after (now hooked on padron  )
@LianaKittenCat we're here for a while yet!!   #pussycatisland
Finally home. I'll be sleeping for a while. But text me anyway.  I'll wake up.
wow, it's been a while i haven't log in to twitter.com directly... a few changes here 
has lost seven pounds over the last while. 
is besides herself with joy  
@WintersNight I generally think it shouldn't be used either, but once in a while there is good reason 
@SamanthaaR, ahaha.. you'll get used to it.. its nice after a while! once your able to work it.. 
@aplusk @murnahan I could teach both you fools lessons  And give @oprah a screencast while I do it too!
@secondmonday the same applies to you guys! We have been doing it in full view for quite a while now 
been a while since ive been on. ive been going to the gym lately to get toned up 
@joycethefairy hahah! i havent yellow paged u in a long while 
@merisor21 been for a while now 
@threadsix I have one of those, but I haven't worn in in a while. I must find it and try it on again 
it has been a while since i have been on here, just checking it out again 
@iamdiddy maybe if you got some sleep every once in a while you wouldn't be sick! Lol! 
Just about going around with some magazines... Could take a while 
chatting with an friend which I haven't seen in quite a while 
@sahans yes.  took a while, but I think it will turn out okay!  
read &quot;The Uglies&quot; for a while now im going to sleep 
now it's time to log on the zonebbs and read some drama on the message boards; haven't done that for a while! 
waiting for my dress form! it's going to take a while though 
first tweet in a long while.. hello t'world.. 
is absolutely shattered  lol, been a while since I've done that much exercise hehehe
@rvidal what ? i thought you were an ubuntu user already ! shame on you. i'll install jaunty 64 in a while 
baaaaaack and bbye in a while 
Wowzers!I have been twitter absent for a while!Funilly enough,no wthdrawal symptoms - woo hoo!I am not addicted! 
Enjoying the sunshine .... hopefully for a while 
@crazilazigurl amazing, same here! i can't wait for the movie  i hate that we have to wait a while now for new #Heroes!
Trying to decide whether tweeting is worth my while 
I'm going to sleep on the couch for a while 
@J_Moneyy hii  hope you're doing well! i haven't talked to u in a while! what's been going on with you lately? talk to you soon I hope!
@rosehwang well tweetie i wish u could have one..  i didn't had one for a while too..
I've been silently following @TomFelton for a while now. He has the sweetest Tweets. 
counting my blessings (i'll be busy for a while with this one)   
come back for a while. my haircut is more fashion now  (= it isn't)
@beverleycuddy A before and after is always good, though... well, depending on the after, I guess. 
sanity.. where art thou, sanity? huakakaka  watching tv (haven't done that in a while).. unwinding..relaxing.. 
isss going to zee cinema later   trying to make my eyelashes really long! i could be here for a while! x
has quite a few tasks to accomplish today... but, i think i'm gonna knit for a while instead.  now, what movie to watch while knitting?
@PettisMadison hey there.  How have you been? haven't talked to you in a while! keeping busy?
@aflow well I should start painting now, forget the suffering for a while 
actually happy... its been a while 
@EverydayErotica Aww, I haven't cammed in a while.  I should do that and possibly start a site. 
ok so i havent been on here in a while...WTF!!!!...but i had one of thee best weekends ever 
@missgiggly i haven't been online for a while 
@alreadyfamous84 It was a while ago...i'll have 2 chk u out again 
@cruzteng : isn't that good with an empty schedule and you can enjoy a while before exam starts.. 
@pujamadan that should keep u busy for a while testing and experimenting 
@xxm0rgann aww morgan, i wish i could have realized that a while ago instead of putting myself through it.. your strong and i love you&lt;3 
@projiuk cool  that's good. You back on trains for a while?
@stevebiddle I used to be - but that was a while ago now - your argument is pretty sound for a trolley pusher 
is currently watching supernatural whilst waiting for skins to come on 
@Bptbtrfly surprisingly i am actually not super tired... would like to just lay in bed for a while though 
@denisev3 it was a biligual sweatshop LOL I talk 2 him once in a while but not as much, he got an r6 
@stephanierhenee wow... you're doing this all through text?  I would get tired after a while 
Is relaxing in bed for a while before I go to sleep. It was nice to get out of my house for a while tonight 
I guess I'll use TwitterFox for a while, now 
@jlamshed Not had an offer like that for a while 
sorry i havent tweeted in a while- i was on holiday then was ill but im better now 
@AislinnPeters don't think i replied to you a while back!! my bad!! you ok?? i need your number so i can ring you from mcfly!!  xxxxxxxxxx
Actually...I COULD leave her in the shed...for a while anyway...IF I could get the hero in there with her  hehehe
...time 4 some pool..it's been a while 
@crowfer once in a while it's ok, and bets are always fun! 
@micktleyden not so much, like any decent vice , you develop some degree of immunity after a while [very thankful for that   ]
I haven't tweeted in a while. I thought I would tweet. 
@gemmi it didnt hurt a lot when she did it, but it stung for a while afterwards. right now it doesnt hurt at all unless i touch it hahah 
@DavidArchie but you still did great!or maybe greater  lol.i noticed a while ago,you actually didn't understand what they were saying,haha
I haven't had this much fun over the phone in a while.&lt;3 I like how the world around me seems to suck, but she makes me not care. 
@camanomade I'm sold . It will be a while before I attempt the patterns, though.  I'm still learning the basics 
@cocolee117 Wow that's awesomely fast - I assume editing/mastering is still going to take a while though 
@PaddyMcKenna you will feel the effects for a while 
@Dannymcfly haha i bet cleaning up is going to take a while 
@OfficialAS awww well as long as he isn't barking for heaps long. After a while I'm sure he'll settle. 
@KeiraMcQ  so fun to get out as an adult once in a while
miracles happen once in a while 
@IamMaxatHotSpot actually i found a program that did! so i'm uploading it to youtube right now lol  it'll take a while to be processed
@StaciJShelton I'm working but I love what I'm doing so no probs. still have to study after a while though but life is amazing 
@woahslyn it's been a while. so how's you? 
@8C good no more twitspam or utter drivel from you for a while arrrrrrr 
Playing drums for a while then off to get ailseee 
@davidschwimmer Hopefully it is  I too get a dosis of F H once in a while!!
Just tryna figure out this twitter....could take a while 
@egavin It actually was pretty scary for a while there... 
@moonchic i recommend peanut butter on toast instead. 
@MadisonMitchell well...we all fall flat once in a while, I guess 
i'll go out for a while to buy some cds 
@clarenasir now that is the best news I've heard in a while 
My first day off in a while  can't go anywhere as it's pissing down.....
@citizensheep I've noticed similar, but I've not used it for a good while. Prob'ly should really 
I'm planning to be in this horizontal position while watching tv for a quite a while 
@LusySunsetGirl nice. I was at indonesia a while back. 
@milehiclub we all do that every once in a while! 
Morning Everyone  Another very rainy day oop north, but I'm housebound for a while so don't really care! lol
has hand cramp from writing notes, and is going to chillax at lunch in Clivey G with the girls for a while 
I'm off to sleep a while. Baifornow, folks. 
Physics exam went ok, now.. time to relax for a while 
@Dits sure, havent played it for a while 
okies guys... im off for dinner... catch u guys in a while... 
will and grace time! its been a while since i've enjoyed myself by myself 
@dcdoran using adium as a twitter client took a while to grow on me, but it's fantastic.  
@thisisbree sit up for a while, and take some indigestion tablets if you've got them. 
@sagarraha @gulpanag in a mess right now, will be away for a while 
tweetdeck was being a douche a while ago but we're cool now 
hehe ill stop for a while. I just like making people mad. im listening to some ronniesluts 
@AnoopDoggDesai I hope you can reply once in a while.. It'd be great.. 
@garymurning thank you for #followfriday  I'll do mine in a while x
@johnpeavoy yep the lovely @sylviephoto took them for us at a @connector_ie night a while back 
it's been a while that I haven't been updated... I'll be gone for a while again I guess. Just wanna say, miss you guys! 
just done shipping packages for the day! will be texting the trackingnumbers in a while! 
@PolyFry lmao i read that for a while like... whatttt.. then i remembered what i wrote you 
@flashly123 where u been boo...its been a while 
will fix my closet in a while. 
recital @ vivere hotel just a while ago 
imma rest for a while then go back to study mode  damn i have two exams tomoz!
@caroliiiina i never have any time to go anywhere! haha. but im done with soccer for a while 
in a short while I'm going to school 
@YDURNAS I am great my friend and you ??? just online now was sleeping for a while 
@heyhotmess Not for a while... busy moving...  #gno
@erwachowski if you stop working once in a while you can come too 
I think I'll take a breath for a while 
@tamij Thanks! You are all a hoot! Not sure I'll be able to keep up but I'll check in once and a while   #hhrs #hhrs
@nerizalyn haha no. I'm a junior still unfortunately. 
actress status, so this is the last you'll hear from me in a while! 
@Magnetoboldtoo a murder of ninja was on the table for a while too 
off twitter for a while 
@eventphotogirl hey! how was the ride..you havent tweeted in a while now 
@aMmadz @actionscripter @ahamshay thx guys  I have another to show u also! In a while ;-)
@FrankieTheSats TREK, and get a venti whilst you at it1 
