Most common words for this cluster:
[('wife', 152), ('husband', 146), ('ex', 43), ('daughter', 27), ('divorce', 14), ('home', 11), ('today', 10), ('amp', 10), ('housewife', 9), ('marriage', 9), ('lol', 9), ('heartbroken', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'wife', 0.8980823159217834), (u'husband', 0.8959813117980957), (u'mother', 0.754751980304718), (u'daughter', 0.7539235353469849), (u'fianc\xe9', 0.7366042137145996), (u'fianc\xe9e', 0.7254971265792847), (u'hubby', 0.7233911752700806), (u'fiance', 0.7230150103569031), (u'Wife', 0.7093408703804016), (u'son', 0.7070180177688599)]





Lonely bed, no husband. 
@ohsuperheroine My wife and I have been together for 12 years this month. Married for 3 years. We still don't have a joint account. 
@sourapplemedia Wow, I can't get my wife to get on twitter...  #satchat
Taking future son-in-law to airport. Daughter is a little sad 
@jhelgason My own husband isn't even following me; that is sad 
Wife has promised an evening of rock band. But since she only got 4hrs sleep last night I'm not holding out much hope 
Loving my sweet husband. He's so sweet to me when I'm feeling 
Still awake my husbands granny just passed away...... 
went to a wedding, went dancing, and now misses her husband like crazy. 
At Oceans - kinda weird n not interesting - girls r on the dance floor. I miss my Husband  he's cuter than any1 here.
I'm tired of fighting with my wife. can someone help. pleas 
@salandpepper Being just a father and husband I don't really get a vote 
Heartbroken 
just told my husband bye....now 12 days by myself 
Wife is getting relaxation drugs. I just get to watch 
Missing my husband like crazy! 
man i keep tryin n trying but i cant slp i miss my wife my baby my love 
does anyone else have a bf/gf/husband/wife  who works WAYYYY to much?    
Just met the guy (that died in plane crash) wife ... and i just wanted to hug her 
Off to the airport to drop off wife. 
thinks her husband lost his wedding band 
Another argument with my ex wife 
My Bulls lost  but I was out with the wife after 
 the ex makes me feel so uncomforable.
Feeling sad. Husbands are supposed to know wives, but obviously do not 
i miss my husband 
Still waiting for husband 
Not thrilled with husband leavin his keys somewhere  grrr
Husband is leaving today to go back to military land  alone with the kiddie again
@execbp wife and I aren't feeling up to snuff either. 
@soojada that's really sad. That is for your husband!!! 
Znowu jestem housewife... 
@ex0h13 I'm hungry, too 
@BelCrawford awesome, wife and I were hoping to check it out too... couldn't get our babysitter tonight though 
My husband just left american idol... 
@JasonReizen I quit. So what? I'm a bad bodyguard! 
insomnia due to snoring husband 
#BrokeAgain Hillary's just fitted wooden venetions in the lounge.  another debit card bashing...thx Wife!
@darrenporter its her career aspiration - she wants to be the wife of a footballer or golfer 
Why do things ALWAYS break at home when I'm on the road???  Wife called about lawn sprinkler system leak 
just told the spouse goodby, now off to work.... 
I don't feel good I want a husband to cuddle with 
@josianna have you been talking to my ex 
@mileycrus..marry me please sigh 
watching the universe at historny channel. and talking with my ex girlfriend 
just woke up. i miss husband.  
Heartbroken at this point 
Daughter fell and broke arm yesterday - have spent day back at hospital getting it reset   It's going to be a long 5 weeks for her.
Husband is home sick today.....gotta play nurse. 
is sad &amp; really miss his wife 
I wish i could talk to my husband 
has a coniving ex...  and my daughter suffers for it.  
@krystaldelacruz I know, my husband is pissed off 
@antandbecks missing the phone call. Wife drag me out 
I still have man flu and am still dying. Women just don't understand! Wife and kids been laughing at my illness. 
Husband's laptop is in the shop, so I only have 90 mins before he gets mine to work from for the day. I'll be offline. 
Missing my wife 
@blogomomma you are correct  imdb states first marriage ended when she found out he was having an affair with his now current wife. 
@hamiltonhadwin  It was for the better.  You will now have a happier &amp; trusting marriage ahead of you.
@melissakraemer dude wife wtf do you get @ replies like auto cuz I don't get it   plus wife, what ever truth box comments do you speak of?
Husband is in a meeting with some guys, guess im not going home yet! 
having yet ANOTHER fight with my husband 
Sitting here with my wife, I don't know what happened tonight but I don't think my relationship with my mom will ever be the same 
Daughter has a 45 min orthodontist appt and I forgot my ebook reader 
@DutchRaymond gay marriage isn't legal everywhere here.  
My ex makes me cry. I wish I was stronger 
i miss my husband 
Missing the shotgun match because I was guilted into going to the store with the wife. 
The only one at the table without a spouse ugh I hate this 
Carmines. I don't think my future wife works here anymore. 
missing my husband... 
Apparently my wife doesn't love me enough to share her chocolate with me 
@roshellereily my ex, he just called 
i miss my wife 
#myweakness my ex 
@aaronsauer  I am on the eat what my wife makes me diet! 
has had no communication from her husband 
hubby is down with bronchitis. been a good wife n nurse. but am afraid the nurse is catching the bug too 
Husband has been at work since 7am and no sign of him yet 
Scratch that. Wife took both sets of car keys. Not going anywhere. 
Wife agreed to neighbrhood garage sale.  Then leaves at 930a for workout... Sticking me with managing the 'store' ...I hate garage sales 
Wife is going to be gone just about all day today  just me and the kids...wish it was warm enough to swim...
I hate it when I wake up, turn over and my husband isn't layin next 2 me 
@Wards_Wife I missd your tweet last night about coming with my friend!  I'm lusting after a cake ball now.
Wife any daughter in walmart will they very come out 
my wife will not let me get buddy holly glasses 
ellinor won survivor.....  not good at all
Cleaning....i need a maid!! 
Oh no my sim wife died 
my CANADIAN husband was able to write down all 50 states before I could. Utah was last for both of us but he remembered it before I did 
I'm watching my Husband getting ready to go to his friend's wedding  I wanted to go but no babysitter ;(
Enjoying my Daughter for the last time before she leaves me this summer.  
Daughter had first pony ride today.  I wasn't expecting it hence no pics.  
Missing my Husband 
Praying my husband feels better soon.  headaches are not fun. Not fun at all.
Fashion emergency.!! Niece prom dress not up to par.  I'm doing 85 mph rushing over there now. 
Wedding dances are sad without my husband 
@lizakylene his wife is a whore it turns out 
Off to bed!! I miss my husband 
@tweenkle77 I'm sorry to hear that!  Your husband realizes that there's an issue right?
This is one of the hardest times I've had with my Husband leaving...    I really don't want him gone again....
Wife won't let me have bright yellow orange and grey shorts. She's such a meanie  ........(don't really want them,velcro fly)
@KoalaChris It's beautiful here, and I am finally feeling better. But now my wife and son are sick 
@TheWeightSaint I treated may like an abusive spouse, 
My wife just said i'm lame for twittering 
is ironing  (what a good housewife!)
I need a maid!!  lol
Heartbroken again!!!  
Heartbroken. - worrying for something that might happen   
also dreamt of my ex and that he loved me again. now i miss him. 
my stupid new husband just sold my benz  i want a divorce!!!!
Just ran into my friend &amp; his new baby-happy for him &amp; his wife-but it makes me sad 
the worst is... her husband saw her die... 
Wife just looked up and told me the outcome of a tennis match I'm watching  #fropen
it's sad that the last survivor of the titanic has died 
@mrsjhcrabtree I don't think thats my wife..... 
No paper this am. Asked 4 new delivery. Daughter said it wasn't here so I chewed them out on email. It was there, she didn't look well. 
Heartbroken haha 
@dahlhalla I don't have a spouse. 
i'm going to bed now. mum denies hating me. i know it's true. 
Last survivor of the titanic died @ 97 :/ 
@rj I've been sick the past few days and haven't shaved.  Wife said I looked homeless 
@wirehead sadly this does your wife no good 
@Hollowbabes I need to get back on my WiiFit, prefer that to gym - busy workload &amp; living like a Stepford Wife has gotten me off track 
All caught up going to town in an hour,Daughter called she's bk YAYYYYYY!!!! won't actually c her til i get bk from town tho   c ya l8r xx
@tblonsky I'm not ready to go back to the grind. I miss my husband and our paradise!! 
@theladywrites Indeed it is.  Wishing you and your husband and all others healing...
my wife has managed to put his mobile through the washer! He now feels naked without it 
my co-worker is quiting and I want to follow 
@legendaryswag  waiting f my housekeeper  
husband just lost oakleys.  he's not a happy camper.  they had sentimental value and they were his favorite sunglasses...  
It's is hard packing for a vaca without my husband, we should be doing this together. 
@OfficialSTaylo @boddingtons Its your decision my love.  If you choose to stay as you are will you still be my wife?  
AW i miss my ex he sure did use to buy me fitteds 
@StaciG I'm missing it my husband is a TV hog  I'm so pissed
Missing my husband,not to mention there is a storm coming 
@fyreflye17 @naomitripi and spouse seems to think we will stay here yrs even w/ functional income. 
Working so much I can't remember what by husband looks like 
Fighting a migraine. Going to bed soon. This is called stress/husband out of town. 
Firday night Husband cleaned &amp; &quot;cooked&quot;... Soapy coffee pot + Wendy's = being sick for 3 days!    and Husband doesn't know why!
http://twitpic.com/6g9ex - i suck 
is going for a coffee with his ex-girlfriend. unfortunately forced to do it 
ran across pic of my ex 
Misses her husband so ridiculously much. She didn't know you could miss somebody so bad. 
Me: &quot;I like that, I say as I stroke my soul patch...&quot; Wife: &quot; It's more like a light jazz patch&quot; 
@bccreative  #bearhug to your wife!
@bad_housewife I think so...I hate ironing. He's lucky I loved him or I'd have told him to do it himself! He made me get up to iron. 
Just getting ready to feed my lil monster Niece,she is sick 
Home eating finally. LoL I really want to see my wife. 
Heartbroken. 
@PaperCakes ugh don't talk about delicious carbs! lol husband and I are trying to not eat them  it makes me very sad
Daughter still awake. So much for watching movie with the wife tonight 
Husband making fun of twitted 
@UNnouncer my husband is still stranded there  what was the traffic like getting in?
It is very jarring to hear an ex-entanglement on the radio when you're out trying to enjoy yrself. Now i'm drowning my sorrows instead. 
Is home alone because the wife is at project grad 
@PowerJourneys yes, in so many ways, I'm blessed, it's true! and I do have a cute husband but he has been down for 3 mos. elbow surgery. 
is bored :\ and missing her hubby 
I miss my true husband! 
@indiaknight Sounds incredible - sadly my wife is a veggie 
Daughter leaves home to flat today;son leaves in July. Wife and I rattling around in emptiness 
i miss my ex. 
Hearing aid is broken and in the shop  I hate not being able to hear. It's good for ignoring the wife 
Wife just told the cat that, while he originally cost about the same as a bottle of Grange he was sitting on, one day he'd be worth less. 
spouse just got back from fishing - no fish 
I want my husband. 
Husband is layinnn dwn withh someoneee 
Wife is out of town for the weekend! That means party time!! Aka I become the soccer mom 
Husband's shop stuff has taken over porch. I'm left taking my stuff to barn. Huge wasted areas-this property was stupidly designed 
@hannahmiller is mowing the lawn, because I am a failure of a husband. 
is getting ready for bed, I hate going to bed without my husband  
really want that husband of mine to call. I miss him 
the husband and daughter off to a couple of weddings. the house's so quiet, so abnormal gitu 
damn, missed my husbands tweet 
@beachelf Is that what marriage is like? 
Missing my Wife, while she is holidaying without me 
And just like that, Husband is gone.    http://yfrog.com/5d78097398j
@juhidee119 sadly no, i would have let him. it was my co worker. 
@shadysmurf @scodal my husband said I'm not allowed to  he's so mean LOL
Wife's got that look in her eye; @ the outlets 
My husband bought a new TV for the bedroom today 
I miss my wife 
@nanavette You dream about your ex but not me 
Husband is forfilling his passion for dance music by compiling his first mix cd in 10 years, therefore I am a bedroom dj widow 
http://twitpic.com/6v1mj - Wife's hair. She didn't want to take a pic 
Wife and daughter were at this mall when it hit. . .  http://bit.ly/pLzAK  Daughter said she'd prefer another heart surgery 
Watching my future husband not play 
Wife is at a sleep clinic, I sleep alone tonight. I'm a sad panda 
I miss home. Wife an wii aren't here 
@richa28 no, not big boss - my ex-immediate boss! he quit 
My wife has abandonded me 
Hates not sleeping near her husband 
uuhh..!!   i miss my wife!! 
@Noufah im good but wife is not..  which makes me not so good either.. how's u?
cooking dinner now waiting for my Husband to get off work I miss him 
@NextOnHeroes I need to find a rich husband, or win the lotery 
my ex totally sent me a pic of the engagement ring he had gotten for me....that sucked. too bad it was GORGEOUS! boooooo 
Just left my wife 
My wife is making dinner for our beloved neighbors who are moving 
husband gave me  his cooties... sore throat 
Oh I wish.....I am always starving at night. Husband works 2nd so I don't make din din all week. I just come home and don't eat. 
Where is my wife!? 
@simplybeingmom me either.    my husband doesn't blog.  he just makes fun of me ;)
@wipeoutt I miss my wife. 
I miss my wife 
I jst 'covet after a neighbour's wife'..I hv sinnd 
Thinking bout my ex and how I want him to b my current 
is soooo missing her husband right now. 
Heartbroken! 
#iremember my wonderful ex-boyfriend  sad that hes my ex now
~ being a bachelor and a temp bachelor (when wife and kids are on vacation) are just not the same 
Heartbroken ... &quot;little guy&quot; didint make it 
Feeling better, but wife is not 
@tommyreyes NOOOO!!!! I'm already agreeing to let my husband finally take out the groundhog 
is waiting for the ex hubby to come ova to look at her car !!  the bubble is sick! 
Wife is sick.  summer cold.
Is tired and would like to go to bed only my Husband is doing his invoices and wants me to check them 
My husband refuses to let me text on my iphone while driving  but I just twittered while driving does that count?!?
  sorry @gigi4462 The Ex Husband has overdosed on his daily dose of haterade
At St. Ann's hospital. Wife's aunt going into surgery, 5% survival rate. 
@spiffiness03 he is a former co-worker of mine.  I don't think that he's following me back though 
45155 I'm unhappy, i still love my ex husband or do i? my bofriend makes me feel sick either way - but im stuck here  http://is.gd/140H5
With my wife at the hospital early stage contractions  at least shes ok
Daughter might have to go to the hospital... 
I'm watchin the house wives of nj and omg I wanna b someonez wife    not wifey.    Wife.  There's a difference
R U Married and want to have an affair, but dont have time for seedy bars... well there is a service for u: http://www.ashleymadison.com 
Wife's birthday and I am off to the airport 
I miss my ex bf I wish he wasn't an ex.. 
@JustinMGaston i know!! i looved it. i literally wanted to cry when his wife died in the beginning though 
@PoleSkivvies YIKES ugly shoes are a travesty.  It took me almost 20yrs and 1 insistent ex-boyfriend before I truly understood ugly shoes
Daughter no. 2 is teething 
@plainsknitter I really would...my husband wouldn't-I had picked one out at a shelter I wanted..didn't get her 
@DonnieWahlberg Hug me, I could use one!  Husband has a new job but salary so long I don't know how we're going to manage 
Hug me, I could use one! Husband has a new job but salary so low I don't know how we're going to manage 
Wife will be out of town for two days. I miss her already 
 I can't stop crying. I'm horrible to my husband and putting him off, I know, I feel like I'm driving him away  I can't help it
Feeling very sad that 3 couples I know well are on the verge of divorce.  
@iimastarbiitch Omgee Married wait back up how the fucx did I not know 
i miss my husband 
.man, if my husband don't slow down &amp; take care of himself- I'll soon be a widow 
Divorced at age 27 how lame am i ?so many questions about how to date again.oh well  having friends are more important than boyfriends ?;)
just got a divorce  man i love my ex-hubby still, no matter what but oh well who's next ? hahaha
It will just cause drama between me &amp; my husband which laws wld luv 2 c 
@waynetoshikazu At least you have a wife 
watching my wife trying to calm down our daughter 
My lovely wife is feeling she's being mistweeted 
@MissHKS Eldest has gone back to school today, little one is in bed!  Daughter also has temperature too now, up in the night with her! 
Another potential wife candidate is no longer in the run 
@chechunor ok, i have a boring husband 
@sethgs Your wife told me not to 
@BitSnow are you going to be housewife ?? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
@tommcfly don't marry her, marry me. 
@WhiteHowler how dare you insult your loving, adorable wife 
@whitehowler, how dare you insult your loving, adorable wife 
Wife sick time to take care of her 
@meganmuhgee i miss my husband 
The husband of the woman sitting across from me in the waiting room is going to have half his face cut off. 
Wife is sick again 
@trvsbrkr My husband is! He wanted to be a pilot and right when he was at the end of trg they tested and he couldn't fly because of it! 
#inaperfectworld I was married to my ex and we lived happily ever after 
In jersey away from my new wife 
sleeping dreaming of my beautyfull wife i love you  M.M.B. 
Missed Sheebas marriage 
My husband just said I'm testy! 
yvette is mean to me  she is not coming to my wedding  she will kill my husband 
@sexycroxy I suffer from the same syndrome unfortunately, according to my ex 
Just got back from ex and i'm sooo tired right now. 
Now on to helping my best buddy and his wife pack the truck to move. 
Husband's last day of intern year! And next week, he moves away to start residency. 
@imjaw A sex tape of her and her ex is about to be leaked. 
Granddaughter caught some kind of bug and can't keep anything down 
Wife ill, cancelled trip to wedding for an old friend 
TGIF!!!  so my hubby can relax!!  It's crazy hot outside though 
@ABPink He and his wife were beaten up 
My wife cuts grass for a living-story of my life  im a stay at home wife
Where's my husband? 
My trainer whooped my ass today! I feel like a battered wife 
is missing my husband 
@cwardzala is a spouse abuser 
Daughter nails frosh year w/ 4.0. I can build her a track fixie?   No, no, wrong message, bad parenting, that... 
@richmaninvegas - no, he came to his senses... but not in time to save our marriage   his new wife is great and I'm glad it's not @ holli
Being away from my husband... 
I miss my wife 
I do not appreciate the black widow spider I just found on the chair outside. 
Brunch with friends today and then the pool.. Husband is supposed to have a guys night tonight. Why does he always get to have fun? 
@Tyrese4ReaL my ex 
@langfordperry hey what's your pal bradley doing divorcing his wife?! 
i miss my husband.   #justsayin
i miss my husband 
@mooshinindy and then you will be a case widow  but! You'll have a hott lawyer hubby, new house, and awesome car! (not to mention the ...
My coworker is telling me about stuff going on with her husband. I don't want to seem rude but I REALLY don't care! 
I miss my husband! 
I broke my husband by being sick after the pregnancy  I broke our lives
I'm so hungry and my wife won't feed me 
marriage...you and.... wow I hope you're happy 
I miss my husband  I wish he didn't have to work.
I think someone just called me billys wife at the casino. 
missing my husband 
My wife abuses me 
going to take my wife to the doctor right now 
In augusta, enjoying the family..missing my hubby 
Little bummed my husband decided to have a boys wknd rather than support his wife 
Missing my husband 
@heylivhey my husband is on the comp 
sucks when your husband doesn't pay attention to you at all! 
I hate going to bed when my wife is not here. It just seems so empty when it's just me 
Distraught that nip/tuck is no more   
@laratf I know..I heard that it waqs divorce 
I Miss my future husband. Y does he have 2 leave 4 d phillipines 
not feeling well. wife isn't feeling well   just watered garden, letting wife sleep and doing laundry before anyone wakes up.
@MKCOL oh dear.   I'd be terrified to use a computer that had no firewall etc on it.  Husband sorts all that out thank goodness.
Being forced to go to church by my wife 
I miss my liam already.   me hate husband travel.
Babysittin the dog i walked it w my ex last summer, i miss my ex... 
divorce makes me cry 
i knew it was coming, but pretty bummed J and K have filed for divorce 
@AnnaBanana0302 the filed for divorce  i am very sad.
They are getting a divorce 
wow jon &amp; kate was depressing. i couldnt imagine life without my husband! 
@victoriasinger: They're getting a divorce 
@katfishh they're getting a divorce its so sad 
i hope jon and kate rnt getting a divorce i will be so sad!! 
@shaynaa82 they got a divorce 
Wife has the flu, son has strepp &amp; pink-eye - can't catch a break with our health house 
i really miss my husband right now  i hope we can go to sthlm when he come back
Abusive husband with wife and child on the bus 
Feeling morose after sending wife off at the airport. 
Niece didnt clean up her plate!!! Now my youngest just knocked it over so now I have to go re-sweep the rice up 
We didnt go to tap ex..  i did not get to check.
@baxterburgundy my ex would probably agree with you 
I'm worried that my pc's hard drive is dead...that's the one my husband uses most, we will hate to pay to replace it. 
@honesto1931 ex-wife? ouch 
Normal weekday wakeup time 6am. Wife's idea of letting me have a lie-in on my day off? 6:30am 
I am seriousely missing my husband right now!! 
I'm Getting Married in 2 months n u know what... I'm not passionately madly in love 
@xCherryDeVillex  i thought i was the husband to be ...
Daughter &quot;graduated&quot; from preschool yesterday. So cute and sad when all the kids had to say good bye to each other 
My wife looks beautiful when she sleeps 
@elefevre I have some monthes to convince my wife 
@marcvanderchijs You might want to rephrase that before your wife reads it 
@clarkvalberg that's almost as much as my toilet paper bill (4 daughters &amp; a wife) 
@nosetu I'm proud enough to publicly admit the truth! Now I'm going home before the wife gets there first and shouts at me! 
@Snappsgirl89 that bad wife coming out... 
Fabulous date with my sweetie pie husband 
jsut woke up! What a good husband I have 
@SeviDesigns had to start going to library too. Daughter reads so much, I can't afford to keep buying them all &amp; bookshelf overflowing 
@TACARRAJOHNSON my husband loves me just the same!! 
@Littlebitofmoni hehe! Sounds like a truly happy marriage! 
@siyg practicing to be a housewife? haha 
@bad_housewife at least you can say that 
husband is making waffles. much love for teh husband. 
waiting for nephew... so he can go and see his lil Niece 
@chadmoran same here. tried it for the first time a month back. Wife recommended it as she loves the burgers. I concur 
Husband on way back tonight with huskies!! They all missed me too much  But I'm too sleepy to stay awake...sure they will wake me up..
yay for late nite talks on the phone with my future ex wife 
I love my husband....just fyi 
@Sing_it_back awww mistress!!! I wish u were here so I could grind all over you!  love u!!!
@calvarybird no not that one lol Omgsh chris @jeffreycraft well far be it for me to encourage your wife so no nickname 
@neondeception well, maybe ur wife will carry u? I'm sure she's an angel 
Yay! Husband is home 
Waiting to fly out to be with my wife.   
Daughter gave me off today from her house fixing/painting. I still have to write a non-profit board member report, but later. 
about to handle some grown folks biz with the wife/bout to go watch 'the soloist'/treat the wife like a queen...she deserves it  hit me!
@alexmalave so far it's been drinking with my wife.  I'm so happy I could puke. 
@Hadramie  I thought she has magic? so she can help ur wife to get better immediately 
@olafsearson you need to get a maid in, to do it all for you 
Quality time with wife and daughter 
Driving to the airport with my husband 
getting ready for church while my husband sleeps.  
@terryip  wife was sitting right here! But she just didn't stop me. Finally the xbox seized up and told me to get off.
I love beating my husband in ping pong 
I've been kicked out of the sunroom on which I pay the mortgage while my daughter watches a movie with her boyfriend.  So, here I am!
@toddogas key words there. &quot;Daughter wants&quot; 
watching bride warsssss 
talking to the husband 
My husband is my only follower. lol 
I love when ryans a housewife. Makes me smile. 
@GBglass LOL, my wife was teaching me how to eat them without sending the little soybeans flying. It was unsuccessful. 
@rockdrool second wife, what? 
juss dropped the wife off I love her so 
i hate snoring. remind me if my future husband ever snores, we're getting a divorce. 
Wife is leaving us on a long trip this week pray for the way my kids will be dressed and what their hair will look like 
@bookingmama We have great husbands 
@bad_housewife  What has &quot;The Husband&quot; decided to get  ? 
tweeting about @bradpurchase is my hobby so if you don't like it then you should go fly a kite  because @bradpurchase is my husband
@mygoodcents You keep points with your husband? 
My husband and for pure entertainment 
is so stoked that ex's are still there for yoou 
Celebrating my husband's bday at work with him 
Watching my wife iron my shirt 
@modernlifephoto good to know i'm not the only one.  drives me (and my wife) crazy 
Hanging with the wife 
@bad_housewife she did, 
@mylifescape my husband and i were playing rummikub or tile rummy score 1:1 
Wife here 1 week  nice.
i have found my wedding ring  just could do with a husband now ;)
@backstreetboys Q weeding ? All my congratulations to him and his wife ! 
@bookwhore LOL, that why he's your ex? 
i love my wife 
and please, don't fuck anybody's wife unless she's RELLY asking for it  
@cokeman777 Possibly but I doubt it.  She's a survivor!!   
I love my husband 
@justinewalshe bad husband, bad!  
@stephannn no. he's not an ex silly! 
@nawid  I am a lawyer, only then a photographer. That make me more trustworthy, probably! 
@andyclemmensen your wife is a lesbian 
Husband just bought me lunch ... he must be feeling poor it consisted of tuna from a tin, chopped up onion and orange pepper, well weird 
@MarcyMC LMBO -- too funny, that's the same reaction I get from my husband 
Going shopping with why husband!  
@GerryGrewal really?! If you ever can't go I have one husband who will gladly take the ticket 
Working from home with my beautiful wife and daughter. 
@gillesmarini r u talking about ur daughter or ur wife? 
@bimada In some other countries after passing equal marriage, heterosexual divorce rates went down. 
@bustyrockets You're tied with @wossy's wife for # of votes right now 
My son and I are walking on the moon my husband got me walking on the moon  inny
got 10tix terminatorsalvation w/ me, now i need a bodyguard 
@ree_c awwwh thanx mamaz ? i appreciate that, &amp; yea dey betta not say nun stupid lmao im Married so dey bettah watch it  lol
Just got back from the casino with the wife. She won $192 
