Most common words for this cluster:
[('will', 744), ('today', 53), ('tomorrow', 52), ('time', 41), ('day', 40), ('work', 37), ('thanks', 34), ('miss', 31), ('week', 28), ('try', 26), ('tonight', 24), ('home', 22)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Will', 0.9999164938926697), (u'Should', 0.7003280520439148), (u'Can', 0.6943728923797607), (u'Could', 0.6800830960273743), (u'WIll', 0.6446912288665771), (u'Might', 0.6223305463790894), (u'Would', 0.6194983124732971), (u'Did', 0.6003798842430115), (u'Does', 0.5691514611244202), (u'Wants', 0.552024245262146)]





@FrumiousMe T'was the antibiotics for root canal.  Will take Polaramine tonight for hives, other symptoms have gone now thank goodness.
hates maths tuition on a holiday..wanted to sync my i-pod with the latest tracks nd podcasts ! Will have to wait until im bck  #fb
@davidjoergensen  I don't want to. Will phone back one of his colleagues and hope I don't get put through to him I think.
is sick and cannot go to work   Will see everyone tomorrow
@pete_c Unless I want to see Will for a day and a half every week for god knows how long, then no 
@zionxpress  Soon though? Will you join him on the road then?
I am loving spending time with my bestie nic! So sad gotta go home tonight  tears. Will be back again tomorrow for more fun!
Sitting here Waiting for Kaleb.. Will see if parentals dont drag me to party before he gets here 
is surprised at how cold it is at 2am at night. Will need to recheck at 4am to see if hell hath frozen over. 
Getting ready for church. Will truly be a day of nothing. No voice 
Will be back when I think everyone is up 
@phel Will be out - sorry 
http://twitpic.com/3m1x1 - @indiebrianna this is what it'll look like!  I miss it so...   Will get again soon!
@catherineLd @joel_birch No pubbing for me   Will head to the next one, for sure.
3 children went back to school today, other 2 tomorrow. Will have an empty nest 
Will I ever solve this puzzle of my life? Pieceing it together is so hard... I'm so confused. 
Will someone bring me cupcakes? 
Will it rain again? I hope it does otherwise, I am pretty sure, I would self-combust.. 
trying to get my head round how twitter works! Will have to wait till later - got to go to work  way too sunny!
Will i ever have enough coffee? 4th cup already 
I quite like dubstep, but doesn't it all just go wawawawawAH wawawawawAH wibbidy wibbidy wah? Will soon tire of it methinks 
Loving this weather! Will be able to go on my 3rd long bike ride in as many days. Have to back up to brum tomoz though   roads not as good
not good news from the vet, tumour has spread. Will bring him and make the tough decision of when to let go. 
@nicolalalalala hangover  Could i ask u a big favour?I have my portfolio on my facebook-add me+ critique!not now, whenever. Will dm name
@DJChillWill i &lt;3  you...Will....i'm down with a nasty cough too  but I hope u're feeling better! *hugs*
My poor teething baby!!!   I am 2 awake now... &amp; dogs will be up in a cpl hrs... 2morrow gonna suck!! Will b sooo tired!
Will go to the media markt now, wish you a wonderful stunning day. Here it begins to thunder and I'm afraid of thunderstorms 
Will be in miami in a couple of hours and then it'll be the last time I can use the internet on my phone for a while 
I am planning to go see castle in a couple of weeks. I am kinda excited. Will have to sit in a train for 3 hours though.  Aw well.
physics and chemistry  Will they ever be useful for my life?
@psandalio only here for this afternoon and already have lunch plans... Will see what I can do 
@Sonisphere Thats a shame  Will we be getting someone else to replace him then or will the some bands get longer set times or something?
Switching hosts! Will be updating soon, I swear 
kay got wii fit tonight totally rocking it though it says my age is 28  ha ha ha  Will
Will drive to the office. It's raining! And I must change tires of my car today...  - http://bkite.com/0781P
I'm at work for 4 hours even though its a bank holiday   Will be home in time for the rest of the snooker though!
@esperanca excluding taxes... Will end up paying the same as other economy flights from other cities 
@corvida any news which networks will allow tethering? Will o2 uk? I believe it's forbidden in their terms of service. 
@Will_3rd its so sad tho not long til julius dies 
Will this be my home for today? I may have just been called into work http://twitpic.com/4jdxb
@Will3119 nice! I knew youd come to your senses! But you need a full body armour to come with us to our red planet! 
So much to do after work today! Will be busy from 12:45 to bedtime! What a way to start the week. 
I am grumpy for no good reason.  Hopefully some heavy drinking will help. Will be grumpy again as I am almost out of liquor. 
Will be leaving in an hour.  I think.
Ooooioo......reese's cups apparently not meant to be eaten by the dozen. Will probably be seeing the rabbit tonight. 
So no brunch  and no crab for dinner  I sure hope that mimosa happens tomorrow. Will make my own if I gotta
 one session in the gym and I'm having problems with my leg again (slipped disc = sciatic pain). Will have to us my stick this week ((
Will definitely be getting what I want tomorrow! But for now I am going to bed alone again  last nite I have to though!
Disturbing to see babies at this incredibly loud event. Will their hearing be damaged? Things will have to get even louder to compensate. 
@emilyosment_ Will you follow me? Or know someone who will? I hane none. 
Just found out our neighbor, in his 40's, thinks he has prostrate cancer  Will have results this week...
Will probably lose my voice tomorrow 
@DavidArchie Will you be guesting on rx 93.1 or ls fm 97.1? I'm dying to hear you say &quot;mahal ko kayo&quot; so badly. 
@nullkru amazon does not send bevor 20may  I know stephenson and shea. Will checkt the other...thx
On my lunch break... feels like a good time for a nap. Will this week ever end? 
@JenPatch Will the cars still be old then? 
Will be pretty boring watching the match today as it means nothing =/ Couldn't the title chase have at least gone to the least day! 
@blackviperion Will auch 
@fenixy Will watch at 7 but net's gone down so won't be able to chat. 
I'm  hoping the tea doesn't win in my recent tea vs mac book episode. Will need to manage for the next couple days 
@eckafatcat missing you already  learnt a lesson while driving down today! Will tell you next time I ring you xxxx
Just got home and am feeling so tired! Will unpack and then back to coursework! 
@avmaster Aw, that sounds sad. Will I be unfollowed?  LOL...
's boyfriend had his wisdom teeth extracted and is in great pain  Will go over after work with mashed potatoes and congee.
Earthquakes scare me, is it the weather? Will there be more, geez I hope not! 
I am at work waiting for a meeting. Will be boring 
Trying to call home but phone is blocked.  Will prob be in trouble later... ;-)
@christineknight Sorrrrry  Will I ever be forgiven?
&lt;@Goddessism Will keep on trying.You don't show up in the list of ppl I'm following, so can only read you when you @reply to me directly 
It's only quarter past 1 and i feel like it's 4 o'clock already. Will this day ever end? This is a bad, bad day... 
@hsNW Will be travelling on business once again.... will make one of these meets, one day 
Cannot get into revision mood!  Really need to reviseeee. Will go for shower see if i am inspired to work ^o)
@robluketic will I be able to watch it afterward at that link? I'll be at work  Will be off at 5p eastern
@overlordtrainee I'm not good company tonight  @chrisjsimon: Will keep those in mind.
Will have to instigate the &quot;disable account&quot; procedure later today 
Will only cry in sad Movies when by myself 
I just had 2x asprins, 2x de-gas and 1x no doz plus tablets all at the same time. Will I die? 
Last day today. Will be moving downstairs tomorrow.  I will miss my healthy isolation
Will not be able to take it in tonight. 
@elatio Sadly matches are sadly a luxury I definitely can't afford. Will just have to watch it at the pub. Not working tho! 
Privileged has been cancelled  I'll miss my Will &amp; Megan...they should've had them get back together in the finale.
@dai_bach Apparently that site is down due to 'technical problems'  Will try and remember to vote later!
I love you, Will 
#audi is off... next choice #volkswagen passat. Will have a look and testdrive tomorrow.. pff exiting stuff buying a used car 
4 day weekend. Will work too hard trying to catch up on household chores to enjoy the time off! 
And it's raining again. Will it ever stop? I think not 
@juliusuk niice - at work now so can't download  Will grab over the weekend... what are these ones? And i DO have NuSkool #2 at home!
Right, this is it! I'm off to double check that I've packed everything before going for my bus! Will miss you guys  x
@TexanAtHeart No  I thought it was next week &amp; I had something else scheduled last night, next time tho. Will you be @smcknox 6/3?
Last day of college is bad times! Will miss those lovely lovely peopel so much 
@medelle sadly if your itunes has it doesn't mean mine does. Will go check but will bet not 
Will anyone be in nyc this weekend 
I'm still looking for the perfect amp. Will this ever end? Why yes it will, and I'll be a couple grand poorer 
Will this bloody lurgy never end 
@JaySkillz: good morning... Will you make a mix today?  please! Lol
Will everyone on blip.fm please go give some props to @witenike bc I can't. 
@Knot2serious Only problem is I don't know if I can make it this weekend since money is tight  Will it still be there next weekend??
Will miss nostalgia ... everyone please kick tushar 
Again working on the internet shop ... don't think we will achieve the goal of uploading by the previously set time   Will keep going
@femiknitzi Three-quarters through I believe. Will not finish tonight.  I blame errands and a certain loud at a bookstore.
Will be flying to Ontario in 4 hours!Will probably stay awake.I will be there for a 8 days...Camping 4 the first time YAY!I am sleepy now 
@iod2009 Will arrive tomorrow morning at 7  #early
My chick wont shut up  Will only stop chirping if i sit with the bloody thing.
Will this rain ever go away, my puppy is getting cabin fever and she doesn't like going out in the rain 
Will miss my baby for 2 days  
Can not get pictures to print without brown splotches. Must not have gotten tanks clean enough... Will have to do again prob 
Britains got talent only two episodes left  Will miss them buzzers lol.
@RedFaction The stream is amazing so far. Will it be up for download later, sadly enough, I missed the first hour of it. 
@niqa86 I miss you too, Mojokins! I go there, but not long enough to comment  Will do more this weekend!
@mitchelmusso I couldn't call because I was at work.  Will you be doing it again?
Will not have fam sleepin in the dark....sorry if you feel differently 
@Deltavogue I am sorry to hear that! I have a 16 year old cat that sleeps w/me every night! Will pray 4 u during your sad time! 
I am so lame! I just made Will go back in to get a cheese pizza since they have us the wrong one. 
@kessler I'm still trying to find affordable hotel first before I book the bus.  Will determine my return trip.
@vicequeenmaria Will do  I have amazing videos of the whales and sea lions, but the internet here is so slow, they don't load 
My poor hubs has colds and fever. Will be nursing him tonight 
Will it take more than 24 hours for the vegetarians newly following me to realize I was just quoting 30H!3 lyrics? 
@permanentpaper @ErinHere Will you both be at Javits tomorrow? I MUST meet both of you! Couldn't make it to tweetup 
@Axelsrose (I had it, and then the compy crashed.  Will download again soon.)
@herojaejoong may be I dont online 2 days. Will miss you so much ~ You dont onl too 
@AmMarvellous I'm sorry things are so rubbish for you right now  Will carry on praying, but I really have to go - lots to do today! Love x
@windust no monkeyworld today  car blew up on the M3!!! Limped back home and consoled myself with cake. Will try again another day.
Will not be sunbathing today.  I'm wearing a pink shirt and my sunburn from yesterday blends in really well!  
Will I get any sleep tonight and will this freaky  headache go..3rd day and counting 
@ltyson Will do  LOL!! I can't stand you!
I was a bit premature about the food. Will still be a while yet. 
@carencey no, not yet. Still have a few left of season 2. Couldn't watch fast because I've been talking to old friends.  Will do today!!
Will the warmth ever be here to stay?/ I need sun, have a low vit d deficiency 
@kmowine haha yes.It was right there in my cupboard in the morning and now it is gone.Will have to make do with the reservoir dogs song. 
Is really sad! Will miss you @photofletch  going to see old people. 
Will someone come make me lunch? Or take me to panera bread? I'm hungry and I'm too lazy to go make food 
@EdWords Hey Ed, have fun @ fresh. Will there be a stream? can't listen now 
Will my 14 year old son please stop growing - He is now officially taller than me 
Today I take Will to swimming @ 10am then go to work for the 7th day straight (poor me).    Hopfully sneek in a poker tourney or 2 in arvo
Tommy boy is pressing his luck.... WTF will happen next? Will he quit? I hate when the coach calls 
@donttrythis Will a video be uploaded? I wasn't there. 
@pbjcreations oh no! What happened?? Will sure pray for ya! I know mamas hate when babies are hurting. 
Community Gardens. If I had it to do over again I would have planted a cover crop. Will do so this fall. Which means limiting my veggies. 
@Will34us aww man wish i was there 
@Daniel237 I'm very pink!  It's not nice!  Will be staying in the shade all day I think!
Will not step on the weighing machine in short term, not till I really get full force in gym 
@groovychick3290  if it's any consolation, it gonna b warmer tomorrow! Will you have time to enjoy it then?
I'm hungry. Will someone please bring me breakfast? 
@omgirlie wtf? Will never brag about sleeping again. And you're not even here to make me a pickle n bean pickle sando. 
As suspected the logic board needs to be replaced. Will take two weeks 
Will be going now. *sigh* 
@wiseleo Haven't got the invite yet  should I wait until tomorrow? Will it be a tweet or an email?
@Demongrrrrl I'm w/ambug, so I'll need to check w/him. He's not feeling social, I fear.  Will call you when I chk w/him.
@karenbradleytx I'm fixin' to leave the lake house and return to real life - vacation over   Will be happy to see my girls again though!
@frpeter STILL no parrot?   Will pray that he is found safe &amp; sound.
Right literally my last 7 minutes... I cannot stay up late tonight  Will miss you people though x
has reviewed #peoplebrowsr at www.peoplebrowsr.com and thinks the interface is too noisy and slow  Will be sticking to tweetdeck.
Working with my dad to wire an ethernet cable through a wall at church. We hit a stud though  Will hopefully get through the wood soon.
Will be on the bus to school soon. 
@wazupstl Will do! They are being kind of secretive with it. Would have been nice had they just said &quot;yeah its for members only now.&quot; 
Is sad she's watching the hills season finale  Will not watch it if kristin is in a new season! She's such a whore! Going to miss lauren
Today's trains have been epic fails.  Will I ever get back to sb? Not that I truly want to...
@sally_field haha oh so true! And the lovely smell of maccas in my car 4 the next few weeks  Will make me hungary with every car trip lol
@bruisinales standing outside ur store. Will have to check it out in the daytime. 
I am so so sick of coughing until I vomit  Will I just be sick forever?
Morning everyone. The girlfriend broke her foot yesterday. Will be a professional skivvy for the next 6 weeks I think 
Waiting for Will to get home  Starting to feel lonely  Missing Will!!!
Another great suny warm morning and here I am stuck in doors having to do work   Will go out this evening for a steady ride
@sobees bdule has a lot of promise, it's very schlick. Will we have setting/account-persistance soon? facebook updates are failing for me 
@jmajma That sounds ugly.  What were you attempting to do at the time? Will try to find out if there is a known prob.
No laptop for two weeks   Will miss lots of tweets.  Having the shakes already
Is gunna miss Will soooo badly wen he goes to the army  at least i have ALL summer to see him 
@davekellygalaxy Will be sad to see you go, you keep me entertained on my way home from work 
Missed my train.  Will be late today 
Sounds like complete electrical failure,possible lightning strike.Will certainly be out of reserve fuel by now,so happy ending not likely 
Will probably end up taking my mom to the hospitial. Its not the flu. There's something seriously wrong 
@tayalejandro   Thanks. Will have to turn on the news-something relatively new for me.
Getting ready for my five hour meeting. Will probably experience twitter withdrawal 
tweeting in algebra. Will miss @AlessandraNella next year 
Looks like the car is going to get off lightly, to start with at least. Will need some work sadly. 
Will these exams ever end  &lt;--- right now it sounds like a rhetorical question
@toysintheattic No money.  Will you still rape me though I'd like that.
@8ball_ Will i get a boyfriend next year then ? 
@ThomasGudgeon shame I am missing it! Will have to watch the repeat! 
@ryanbauer411 Wish I could go!    Will have to catch the next tweetup tuesday!
@wfz Me too!   Will look into it now...
Ah well, have to go to bed. Lots of work with the scoolproject right now. But all weekend there's been summer. Will go cold this week.  
Will most likely be missing the dmb live broadcast tonight due to work  hopefully I can find it on youtube!
moblin 2 jhbuild failed  Will look at it (i.e. ask @ebassi) tomorrow...
Will say over n out, but no doubt will still be awake in an hour  night everyone xxx
Will please come and get me 
@winphreak  There stalking me i tell you!! Will have to go and buy some tomorrow. 
Feeling terribly lonely. Will sleep now... 
Ugh my allergies are killin me  took some medicine. Will be asleep soon...
Ugh, not looking forward to moving this week...    Will be great to be in a house with my girlfriend without a roommate though  ;)
@xXFedXx sorry to hear that  Will you be able to go down?
Almost home, then off to bible study. Will probably be a bit late 
Will I ever not be sick? 
Will this &quot;thing&quot; ever go away?! I'm - literally - sick of it 
is still at the office. Will not be able to follow to tonight's alumni class reps assembly.  http://plurk.com/p/xve6o
Will be missing life from tonight 
Will the rain please stop, it's gonna make me sleepy at work. 
lol no...I think something is wrong with it as ppl keep asking me to respond to emails I have not received  Will investigate now brb
Will not have any internet until the 12th. 
@eyeofhorusmpls Don't know if I've made may new prints since the last time I was in  Will have to check.
Will be a stranger for about a week and a half. 
@XxMJunexX I'm skurrrrred.  Will you hold my hand and take me? lol jk Ughhh I feel your pain.
My headphones just officially died.  Will pick up new ones at the @iPlaceStore tomorrow.
@karenergize  Will you be okay?!
@CSURyan Will miss you! 
Will be in meeting(s) all the day at the uni. ... 
Will ? 
Will have to go to the dentist again  infection still not gone, will go at 11.40....
@tezzer57 Ah  Will miss you xx
I`m a newbie here. Will someone help me? 
@mickelous oh nooooooo!!!! Will miss it 
Will be seeing very little of my house &amp; my kitties for the rest of the week due to a busy work schedule. 
@itscalum010 aw.  is bedtime over here. Will catch up soon. xo
is drained.  Will surely head directly to bed once she reaches home. [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/y4yh7
Really want some doughnuts today. Probably because the wonder bread smells so good floating around downtown. Will miss it w hen it's gone 
@WillBressington why thank you Will 
@Jack4Will great... i'm hungry though but don't want to wae the family so no food for another seven eight hours 
Will have to regulate food intake from now on. I will miss my favorite greasy grubs. 
Will be 21 in a week :O im getting old 
@modulist Will let u know if I find out the answer, but it's the 2nd time I've asked n no ans yet  . Is adobe on Twttr?
@ChrisPFlorida Will not be able to make it this year 
called to check how dogs are going at vets, sounds like they have been giving them some degree of grief  Will need to head home today
@holmestrip I'm so sorry the little one is feeling poorly   Will pray they feel better real soon
Going to sell candybars today with church for camp &amp; confrence this will be my lasy yr  Will be fun (but NOT selling candybars jsyk)
Will probably crack 100 followers today. Will probably be a porn spammer  Do most peeps block or just ignore fake/spam/porn followers?
got two new threadless t-shirts - for me this time.  They are too tight    Will probably cut the prints out &amp; sew onto larger shirts.
Oh, did I tell you guys? I got BRACES  Will upload pictures soon! I gave myself a nickname, Braceface ((:
ok yall so tell me can yall see Will &amp; what is Will doin? i wanna kno! lol im upset cuz i cant watch! grrr! 
@whereispriyank Will miss u at #ptu2 
I feel bad..just woke up and gods having a piss...and sharly boo is travelling all the way on her own...  Will get her a hot water bottle
Will someone come over and change the channel for me...i lost the remote and im sick 
Will be at work in 12 hours 
Will be glad when I feel better. 
Off for some &quot;last minute holiday things&quot; with the wife.  Will be needing a lorry to bring it back in  
@CRom1  Will auch. #serienjunkies
Will be in this stupid ass cpr class till 1pm which means no phone 
&quot;Will our current feelings fade away someday?&quot;- How sad... 
Will be logging off really soon. I need to exercise. Flabs around arm areas getting worse. 
Two down, one to go. But the last one has said no  Will be going round with dog tomorrow to persuade otherwise.
 Sounds painful. Will you be able to get it fixed at the dentist?
@Mandyque never mind that, I am an idiot. Only those following both of us see our @ replies now ... Will retweet. Not big secret but 
@MalliesDesserts no.  unfortunately I just heard about it today. Will you be attending the 1st anniversary?
@onikapascal Will never be in trouble ever here. 
@ravemz I am in gurgaon, but it wudnt be possible for me to accompany you to meet   You have fun. Will surely catch u thr next time.
On my way home. Will be a short weekend. 
No. Will have to send tom. Off to work. 
@tommcfly Will you never reply me? 
@jeepgirl1971 Not much luck finding 80's stuff today   Will look again tomorrow...
@RyanSeacrest Don't do it! Will make me feel old. 
Will never have pants that travel 
Will be back to school tomorrowww 
Will be done tomorrow morning! Going to bed now due to neck pains. 
Oh hell. I'm peeling like crazy. I knew it. i knew it, damnit. Will me shoulders ever get tan again. 
@thizgurl hmmm have they suggested a special diet? Will you be going back? It must be quite painful... 
@MarcLittlemore aye paid for the full version of AirportMania - spent nearly a hole night on it  Will give Stoneloops a go  ta
Will someone please tweet me? I'm feeling a little untwittered 
@modestvixen i haven't seen that movie in almost 2 years  Will have to watch it today, i think, if i can find it
Still fighting nausea this AM and sinuses adding to the fun.  Will shower and try to make it to church  
Still fighting nausea this AM and sinuses adding to the fun. Will shower and try to make it to church.   
uh oh @bogwhoppit 's turn to be locked out!  Will join us laterz when twitter allows  xx
Will start to do my holiday homework , at least 3 full papers for each subject tomorrow 
@laurakim123 Thanks. Will process it in time but not feeling too safe right now and that really sucks! 
Will my bus ever come 
Game 2, magic vs. lakers tonight. Will be at work.    Will turn on sportscenter when I get home. DHoward and JNelson better get it going!!
Will be of twitter for the next few days as i have to go away on an assignment for work so no twittering allowed 
Off to church. Will tweet when I can 
@sunshineliron cool you'll all have a awesome time, I'm so sad  Will you all be flirting with each other?
Reality is kicking in. Will be home this time tomorrow 
Does that stuff actually work? Will I wake up and be able to recite various studies, facts and figures? I'm desperate 
Headed out of town for a few days. Will miss my girls 
@_priiincess I thought I'd booked golden circle tickets but theres no golden circle :/ either way should be awesome!! Will still miss d/l 
@therockingchef no where yet  it's still not finished. Will be soon though.
lost one contact and is blind without them.  Will have to get new ones.  
@mdemuth They look white on my screen  Thanks anyway. It makes me afraid to start submitting proposals. Will I get gold stars or red ink?
@bruna_wht Will you gett off? 
Will the rain ever stop!? Such a gray day... 
Will didn't win 
Will I be single forever!!!?? 
Will b driving hubby to work in less than 6 hours! 
@piggybutt911 o.O where do you work! Will you make iota to library? 
My terrible back ache just kicked up anthr level  Will never ride bikes with lil ThayVon again 
Will now have a dvd marathon with myself. 
'Night all! I'm tired. Will b back tomorrow. Maybe by then, we'll have more answers, tho I doubt it. 
Will be photographed for press photos in the upcoming weeks...ogh heck,  I hate cameras... 
Will it look silly if I take a teddy with me?I hate needles 
@libraryninja Will try to do salsa, but breathing v poor at moment &amp; likely to fall over! USed to be v good dancer once 
@RoflKatofl I havent really used the phone since the re-jailing. That was only for the looks. Will miss SBSettings too pretty soon 
I'm sitting at work..about to pass out. Will sleep ever come again? It's been almost a month! 
says honestly, i just wanna sleep &amp; rest. But a girl's gotta work, right?   Will be working til morning  (:... http://plurk.com/p/1136cp
I cant believe my holiday is over. Will be a while till the next one 
@saltypear @billydecola Thanks for the support re upgrading.  Will put it on my every growing to-do list 
@MissXu did a stop/start follow and still broken  Will try direct on web rather than tweetie later ;)
trying to find interesting ppl to follow! Will have lunch in 10 min!  I wonder if we're getting same old goo as usual. 
Will not be tweeting until i get my iphone.. so hopefully sometime in july 
Stomach virus. Will some1 come over &amp; answer my emails &amp; voicemails. Pleaseeeee 
is off to her hotel for the night.  Will the rain hold off so I can go for a walk, or does a night in front of the TV beckon 
@TheRealMaya  no. Will ya send corner perv over? XD just kidding.
Will my sinus headache ever go away? 
Will I ever get to my next backlog items tasks . . . keep getting sidetracked with bugs that don't end up being my problem 
@ayende I know, I am working on a couple of posts. I always start and never finish.  Will be better next week.
This was such an amazing and wonderful last dinner with the class and teachers. The teachers are like buddies now. Will miss you all  &lt;3
Just remembered its my last ever day tomorrow  Will need a few nostalgic last min photos me thinks.
@dv8dgrrl what does #oneword mean? Will Amondala ever learn how to tweet properly? And I thought I was a technogeek 
Has been crap today.  Will never lose anymore weight at this rate 
@jshah4517 Doesn't seem to have picked up your tweet  Will check into it later :p
Procrastinating....again! Will never get this article written 
@MovieSpaz I'm at work.  Will be there asap.
Swimming at the university is out of the question; pool is way too hot. Will have to wake up at 5:30 to train. 
@livin4hymn awww. Already? Will you have internet at your new place? 
Will somebody please send me a reply 2 my tweets come on folks 
String date.  Will miss Larry.  
Not a terrible night at work. Will be worse tomorrow. More docs than techs again  I hope they fix this soon!
Will caught the kitchen on fire 
@trixie360 Will = fail imo 
my heart breaks to hear nathan in pain and sick.  Will you please be praying for him, the family, and that you will stay healthy? thx
Nnnnnnnnnnnnn silly jeepers in the all-white uniform with the obviously cultivated accent going on. Will they just speak normally? 
S got up too early this morning, she's already tired and grumpy  Will have to keep her awake for a couple of hours so she has a good nap
@kanyaranindita I told you itchy throat. Will I ever heal again?  http://myloc.me/40L0
@SatchSkippygirl nooooooooo, I can't. Its not rock, I'm only the chauffeur. Will live tweet as dry run for next week, then you'll see 
@phill1978 Will enquire further.  Doesn't sound good if it's true. 
Reading about student loan debt scares me. Will never get mine paid off. 
@beadinpath Will you be there? I'm thinking about going but my partner in crime @green_i_girl cannot go  She has a hair appointment!
@Tsaksonakis I am stuck in a meeting...  Will we see the 99 call? #lions
@shingying not really nice cause over cook edy. Will try better next time 
Will someone from the coast please answer a question for me? I've asked 2 people and no one has said anything! 
Will be mass twittering today. No xbox forums.. 
Will get sick from driving in my hot ass car and sweating to my icy ass cubicle 
@Will_3rd Ahh fair enough. I guess we will have to wait for it to be released after all 
Trying to follow the #140conf chat, but have to study!  Will try and see if I can follow it later..
I feel awful training the new guy and poor Will is behind me listening.    I feel like a traitor.
Will have to shave tomorrow 
No pub quiz for me tonight  Will deffo have to go next week.
Will be squatting 290 and benching 210 today.  Both weights I haven't done in a long time.  I hope I don't get crushed. 
What will happen when we get the new cat tomorrow? Will our other cat try to kill it. That would definitely suck.. 
Will be working from home again tonight 
Will dooooo! And no,nick isn't going. 
@jonmelville I will withdraw my iPhone bid so Will can have it. He deserves it 
@rachelakay Will have to give em a listen. I don't get enough radio in my life 
Waiting for hot weather to get into the pool.  Will be a short season this year  
staying up late again to get some more work done   Will I get a break tomorrow...probably not
wishing i had the $$ to move! Will just have to wait for now  
should finish my homework but my eyes won't stay open.  Will have to get up at the crack of dawn to finish it! 
no update for me at 1201  Will try again later and see if I can download the #3.0update
I miss my booh so much its literally breaking my heart into pieces. Will him and I ever be together lord? hugs #trackle and #squarespace. 
I am back at work and I hate it  Will be on the forum laters peeps. Missed you all. xoxox
My sould is being destroyed today by the tedious work I have to do  Will have something new and shiny to show you all tonight though!
Will be like a pin cushion by lunchtime 
Will be able to go and I really wanted too 
@ellaannounce I can't make the christmas one  already booked in for another event.  Will be there next year though!
I have cold wet feet   Will be home in about 10 min, can't wait to get a big massive brew and put some socks on!
So tired...slept in and didn't work out   Will be at supervisory certificate series most of today.
Yes; jimmy choo will be making shoes for H&amp;M. Will I be able to walk in them/ afford them? Prolly not 
Not getting these messages to my phone really makes me feel out me the loop. I hate it! Will it get fixed? 
@sydneesimone I'll b home on the 26th  need 2 visit atl soon anyway... Will u be here long cuz I'll only be gone 4 the weekend
@ryanaround Will jailbreaking enable MMS on first-gen iPhones for sure? I'm only hearing about this now. 
Will see him friday ... Missing him loads 
Will there even be a summer this year? 
Thinks not looking good for my uncle. Will find out soon 
@Idiotlove good luck with ur exam today lady.  I have one at 130pm tomoz at ur campus...   Will you be around after?
Will I ever be the exception  I should have never seen that movie
@matthewbuchanan I was on their 100 track plan  kinda sad prices had to increase. Will only encourage more torrenting.
#iranelection no news from my father. Not sure if my brother, he or my my unlce are alive  Lines are jammed still. Will update when I can.
On a late today, so was a little grumpy when I woke up at 6. Will be shattered by the time I leave work tonight. 
Last day today. Will I cry. I hope now!! 
@wakesurfsnow expected to rain this weekend up here looks like I am not going to get out this weekend.  Will live vicariously through you!
Either the sushi or beef wasn't very fresh yesterday. Will be toilet-bound today... 
And.... I've lost my dice!  Will have to hope Jackie has some extras.
@saaem enjoying or working... or maybe both... off to go swimming with kids now.  Will likely get wet on the way there.  rain pending. 
Has nothing to blog about.  Will be uploading photos if I have time.
@honeymagazine Will the nxt contest be a sammie contest?  ...
Will most likely not be getting her car today after all. . . sad.  now I have to make seth miserable for another few days 
@thefashionisto Awww I feel sorry 4 u!  I'm tired 2; off 2 bed. Will have piece done by this time 2moro - about 2 hrs earlier. sleep well!
@O2 I'm still waiting   Will I get a text when it's done?
@mclesceri Will only work on 10.5 lepord, I have 10.4 tiger  
Agghhhhh! It hurts every time they say something like that to each other  bite my lip. Will go away I know, but it hurts.
Absolutely shatterd!! Will find out if i'm made redundant tommorrow 
Can not wait to go on holiday, Will miss him though 
Definitely feeling this week's #asot Will have to miss 2nd half for a meeting 
@NicMelleby Syph! ( I have to go away now, though. I'm already late.  Will you be around in an hour?) @BaleyRocks23 LOL.
@susancarraretto Susan, I wanted to send you a direct message, but you're not following me?   Will you follow me? 
At work for the next 9 hours   knee is feeling okay ! Will tweet later
#yycphotobook  I missed your spot today.  Will someone be putting online?
Will someone help me out on how this works all I see is what I type 
Will this day ever end.... 
got an 800mg hydrocodone for my teeth from Will at work and headed home early...got way overheated at work...blah!!  
My phone has 10% charge left on it... Will it last until I get home? Only time will tell!! About 20-30min away still 
Studying as hard as I can while feeling terrible. Spending entire day in bed. Will be very sad if I have to cancel on bf 
@twfarley   Will miss ya bud!
Will i get bad news again when he returns? 
I'm using my messenger again now. Will probably start using facebook again by tomorrow. Does anyone care I've been gone for 5 days? No. 
Still working on a gigantic proposal. Just realised that there are sections still outstanding. Will need extra effort this weekend. 
Waiting for exciting conf call to start  Will need choc after this but strawb jaffa cake or rhubarb &amp; custard puddle.
Will miss @howfrantastic @james_john @theshyguy this weekend 
Will be a full day.... and a test about Quantitative Methods tomorrow.... nobody deserves..... 
@EthanNicholas I am too jealous. Will have to wait a while before I can get mine... 
So tired of this weather!  Will have to teach hooping indoors again tomorrow 
This weekend won't be at all fun. Will be working non-stop from 8am - 7pm  The things i do for money *sighs*
Will have finished exams in no time... I hope 
Will never look at a chocolate muffin in the same way again after work today! 
@GWJRabbit also, online worked for you? I tried for a game 5 times yesterday and no opponents  Will give it another shot tonight
Will this cut fit me?   http://twitpic.com/7syoz
The solemn occasion of wearing  a white shirt does not prevent me from spilling things all over it. Will miss working with @mossdogmusic. 
I feel bad  Will make up for it in the week with a &quot;jonscatchupfollowmonday&quot;.
@calipidder 20th - 28th.  Will miss ya by a few days.  
@matt_odonnell noooooooooo *sob* I thought he was winning his fight. Will surely be missed. And I hate sports 
@KeenieBeans do you need to joon my session? Will turn  to ;-D
@Deedge ugh I know. Will we ever get it??? 
Really wanted the hibatchi grill way to be a loser Will 
Many, many thanks to @baketastic for the cupcakes. One cotton candy one all gone! Will have to wait til later to try the others. 
Will someone come look after me cos I'm sooooo sick!! 
@JulieKlam I did until last week. Will put my late, great kitty back up soon! He was a snugglebug but died a few months ago. 
@211me youtube down for maintenance. Will the riddle be on the video  I want to participate!!!
@BEMagazine unable to chat in the room  thnx 4 shout out. I think it's sumthin wit my PC.  Will keep u tuned in... sounds good !
@FreightTrainn cause you totally have a chance with a teacher lol. I need to talkk sometime. Will you get on aim? 
Will i ever be lucky?... 
Will it every be ment for me to every have enerything good in life 
Ahh!!! This song really makes me want Will! 
In the middle of the night somehow I just banged my right eye against the nightstand. Hurts soo bad. Will prolly have a black eye tom! 
Will someone tell me a bed time story? I had some liquid crack and now I can't sleep. 
Will be missing sessions again 
@Chris_pinkapple didn't know i had it.  I thought i was just tired but woke up yesterday feeling horrid. Will be social, + well, next time
I have given up on traveling after convo thanks to the swine flu! Will go back early instead 
@eddo_ I know. Will try and convince further but doubtful 
Teaching this morning, then off to an anniversary party this aft.  Will be a busy day!  Too bad about all the rain 
Will they ever invent a cure for colds?? 
Will miss emily m!!!! And lauren, ill miss you toooo!!  lol
Missing Will 
i know its absolutely ridiculous! never mind..I wont be contracting again..Will try and pay as I go as soon as my contracts up. eeesh! 
@amypalko Not yet &amp; I also been very slack and not replied to your email yet either  Will def have a look as it sounds cool-thx for link
Will be missing my dad on father's day!! 
Will I ever get any 1 on 1 time? 
i missed the pool today  Will have to make up for it tomorrow.
@horrorshock666 I don't think I'll be staying much longer tbh.  Will you be around tomorrow?
Last opera performance tomorrow.  Will make the most of it.
is going to start packing after dinner. Will have no time during the week 
@joeymcintyre @tnljv is right, I won't be there 2nite  Will u be able 2 do the show without me?
My mother's mom died today!! R.I.P!! Will be out of town this week!! 
@leoraw back to twitter! Will be heading home tonight though. And yups it did rain  but it was a nice shabbat!  shavua tov!
Will miss our dog very much. 
ate. Will never do it again 
@ahsan holding down 2 jobs calls for sundays  Just making a living sweetie. I hope you are online tomorrow. Will need breaks.
@butadream not at all, 4 1/2 hours  You can't consider that as sleep ;) Will go back to bed in minute, HOPEFULLY *LOL*
Walking to work. Will soldier on for one shift 
And champagne breakfast again. Will miss that tomorrow 
Oh! A hard day of cleaning yesterday, and a well deserved lye in today. Will has to work all day, and I have to go back to london 
Will I ever start to feel better? 
@unklerupert grrr... I hate facebook. It keeps telling me that video has been processed but it's not showing.  Will have to try later.
@ToniKaras have a great day! Will you celebrate a bit tomorrow? We are on the highway now. Lots of traffic jam. 
Would really like the day off to clean the apartment and do laundry. Will have to wait until tomorrow. 
My neck and back is hurting. Will I be able to go to the gym tomorrow? 
@wisekaren Oh no!! Will miss seeing her today 
Will someone please tell me why I set my alarm for 9:00?? I woke up and felt like someone punched me in the stomach..? Why am I in pain? 
Couldn't find straighteners  Will now have to spend own money on getting some instead
@SaraLeeC cost is my reason too.    Will you be able to get the conf fee back?
@bbgeekchic I know! Getting sick of it. I can't run two apps at the same time on my #dinoberry . Will crash it. 
Really really hot out today. Will probably go swim (after I clean my room first  )
Seriously? Will this headache go away ever?! I mean it's been like a week and a half 
Morning !! Will be leaving on wednesday 
Will not be escaping anytime soon, apparently 
@sevinnyne6126 Will you tell us how the movie was? Apparently not as good as the first 
It's going to be a very hot summer  Anyone want to become my personal chaperone? Will pay for air conditioning.
I got to work and Will.i.am was there. 
Will soon have no cell phone service... What am i going to do..... Without my texts and twitter... O no 
@ahj Will us being able to watch the radio shows be permanent if it all goes well? I hope so 
waiting for @eyelidder to reply before going to sleeps. I need it.. Will decide what to wear tomorrow 
Will miss bia once she leaves 
@lizook12 I'm sorry to hear that.  Will keep you and your aunt in my prayers tonight. *hugs*
Unfortunately still reversing latest bout of bad karma.  Will continue to show compassion to others &amp; hope it breaks. Another rough day.
Transformerss!!!! Will u wait for me? 
@gunslingaaahhh  Will do! I'm all behind on mah tweetin' 
@ChatteMuse Will you still tweet with us even though your viking ship has brought your package? 
Will fasting to eat sushi in 9month.. oh NO!!!!! 
Will I ever get an @ reply from @symphnysldr or @iamjonathancook ? I honestly don't think I will, and, it makes me sad 
@TheJohnMorrison I have to thank you! You have made my nights of insomnia a blast. Will you follow me? I haven't met you at any shows yet 
@willtompsett oh Will, you poor little duckling 
Will be broke as soon as I get paid next week  Doctors bill, medicine, phone bill, internet bill - Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaage
I thought It was gonna rain today!   Will this stubborn heat ever end?
My dear Monica Will R.I.P. 
@soshified Will it be released tomorrow then?  *excited*
So.screwed up getting the morning suits for my bros wedding  now alex and I will end up in spiderman costumes ( I kid J. Will get sorted)
Will have to use my daughters laptop for a week 
@Julie_JuJuBee Will do! I don't know when it'll be.. probably late. 
@rainbow711 I so wish I could!! Not really part of the workplace culture  Will keep fingers crossed the sun is still out at 4:30!
@meaningful Really hard to fix the screw ups done to video releases  .  Will let you know when I manage to find a fix.
@noahfleming took it down  .One last piece I thought made it into the release was missing. Will send you a note when live again.
@QUEENIE909 hum nice 1! lol take something..LOL yeah party over there, haha u kno them drunk ass's  Will i b seeing you @ Janets party??
@JonathanRKnight There is no way on earth that you can answer everyone  Will you ask Donnie if he got the gift from my 9 yr old lastnight?
@derherr: thanks for the heads-up. Will follow and judge. 
@nicolerichie Yes i remember, it was an awesome band. Will you be reply 
is off to bed. Will explore later.  Lol.
Will it work, won't it. Will it work, won't it.   
@the_middleman you are the lucky number  I hope you like the book. Will send it asap.
@solkana I have a dumb phone. Will have to make do 
@bruisesonguitar sweet. Will email you a shitload of awesome McShep recs asap. 
@dotmariusz sounds like a plan man  Will sure do!
@gayadesign yeah i could, so far work haven't really been interested in getting one though. Will have to keep moaning! 
@michaelmknight Will have to sort you a new mug for then 
@heykim  - Will see you once again at 2am!  
@rhemsworth  I might be - work permitting. Will let you know. 
....I wonder what else I can make happen. This is kinda fun, and I feel it's gonna be a good day. Will let you know how exper't is going. 
@juliebean24 I'm going to the game tonight   Will you be good to go in time for the 19th?!
@scheriinh212 Will do.  
@ModernMum awesome!! be great to have you come along....  Will give you as much notice as possible!
@MacDavid It's really smooth, very well designed. Will play with it today and tweet my thoughts 
@katiebabs Thanks! Will check them out 
@moryan ? For fedak!! Will jefster release an album and will it be original or obscure covers? 
Really good things may be on the horizon soon. Will know more soon I think. 
@carbonnyc he he. Its lovely to see you so excited by new vocab  I am sure i have one here somewhere. Will send when i find it
@RyanRekishi thanks man. Will take you up on that 
@jinadcruz @keithdsouza Thanks. I used to be good at digging up such sites but am too lazy now  Will check them out.
@ShupFace Thanks! Will do 
I currently follow the adlabs (vicotr nik).    If you follow my thoughts... ;)  Will astromike follow me back?!
@michelleweber Will you let us know what movie is it? I would like to watch your work there. 
@cyberfux Will make our way through there for sure. 
@AnnHawkins good stuff. Will do more bumps on the post tomorrow and more tweets. 
@mrtomahawk Will do, thanks 
Making a cup of tea, and compiling our staff's list of 'links we love'. Will share with all of you shortly 
@DreadedKillaa Will do. 
Will probably sign for the new apartment tonight 
@helenreynolds - I will make another big placement before the end of this month! - Will keep you updated! 
Is back from camping!  Will be updating soon 
I'm now a twitterer!  Will try to keep an open mind and learn what the point in all this is..... 
@staceyclarkin Will try!  bit warm today though
@westxguy  2nd generation? Will you get the new one that might come out soon? What are some things that make you stick to it?
Off for a skip in my garden...been masking patterns. Will peg washing out, and excited at a little jaunt out next Tues, a me day 
Starting another day - no sleep but that's okay.  Will be working on my site today I think.  
@shortword I have one. Will try rememebr where I go it........I'm sure that helps a LOT 
@soulsurfer88 Will you come by @imaginefestival and see a good movie  ?
I'm new to twitter and finding my way around  Will post again
@ryannguyen i haven't seen it yet either!  Will watch tomorrow!!!    probably will watch it twice by the end of the week!
@kaleighymusic Will they be alleviated when I tell you that I love the song and adore the lyrics? 
@katepickle yeah I definitely wont do the trnee'shp..I don't think anyway. Will concentrate on writing/design 4 now and see what happens 
@abstractg you celebrity you.  Will look out for the back of your head at 3'53&quot; on http://tinyurl.com/d3odzm  
@ahdum Will certainly try 
@heizeltm Will do that 
Will add a pic tonight, with darrells help 
@vivek1209 What's the point of non-classic?  I'm good how about u? Will chk the photoblog
@Chenghong What does the color yellow mean to you? Will it make me feel all sunny? 
@liamgallagher Will you be desighning your own thong? Woops i mean sarong? ha ha Like gayboy beckham? xx 
@jordanknight Will you make my night and say goodnight to me???  I love you!!!  
Last few k's to go. @RichardGiles is almost finished! Will be very close to 1.5 hours all up 
@cathyyardley That does look gorgeous. Will get my hsband to cook it.  Thanks for the recipe.
@BarryZito Will be there tomorrow! And verrrrrry excited!!! 
@jamestimbrell I'd forgotten about that method. Will source some local honey. fingers crossed! 
@nickdonnelly tell me about it! Will do 
is investigating being able to sell overseas through www.funkyjunkjewellery.com ... whoo!  Will keep you updated... 
@asphotos Depending on work that should be fine   Will talk more later in the week!
Sequestering myself away until I write two pages of my book. YoucandooeetLeonie. Will be back once done! 
@orangy68 Will do Rob. xx 
@TiffanySchmidt Will do. You are a better class of 267 
Will never cease to be amazed that there is a giant beautiful park in the middle of a giant beautiful city. 
Will take care of the kidd 
@BetterEnergy Sounds good to me! Will do 
@amynotlp Will do! 
@udupendra Will need a lot more ads 
I love the pay-it-forward idea. So lovely. Will tell you more later. 
I am still editing my synopsis. Will I ever get to the sample pages. Thanks @chicklitgurrl for the great line edit. what a pay it forward 
Will spend the rest of the night with Brothers &amp; Sisters. Not mine, but the TV series 
@ginaalexander Will u send me an email re: 5/28th, pl s 
@moneypennyme I am just putting finishing touches on your guest post article. Looking good! Will email you when it is ready 
@rustym30 ok great. Will check later on 
@Rhinano Will do. 
@WorldWideJeb loving the coverage. Will save me the pain of watching  
We filmed alot, let me tell you! Will post a film up very sooooooon!! 
@PrincessPayne I Will 
@StineBramsen no festivals this summer?? thats a shame. Will you be playing anywhere after the summer? 
@deannahall  I just e-mailed you. Will you check when you get a chance to see if you got it?  I am not sure if it actually went through! 
Will be going home soon, popped good lyrical idea  huhuuu
@1sweetwhirl @MFLOWERS1965  Thanks so much.  Going into proud papa mode.  Will have to try not to post every single pic I have now. 
@mjcostajr Will do! I love working delts... makes the waist look smaller 
@PurelyCosmetics I would love her to wait one more, but alas I am not in control - LOL.  Will keep updating 
I'm awake! Will go to school in 10 min, I just need breakfast 
had a long and busy yet fruitful weekend. Will be resting today. 
@shaundiviney i just hate it when that happens! Will deffo be buying tickets soon!!  xxx &lt;3
@cdtpiper laptop has been handed over to the master. I will be getting it back next weekend - fingers crossed! Will let you know 
@JonathanRKnight G'night Jonathan! I tried to stay up, I really did. I can't wait till ur in my timezone! Will be so much easier then! 
@MissShonah  Will certainly do that.  
So.. finally finished setting up my @lars account. Will switch from @larsettrup during this week 
@1sweetwhirl  It's a pleasure , Will be wary of girlie marshmallows from now on lol  You might have saved my life .lol ;-)
@toddlucier Thanks! I love it they have a video, so you don't need to download if they don't offer everything you want  Will try!
@AshOz Will try to make it there at 6:30pm 
@mortensax Will do - promise - thanks 
@88michael this my new more private acc. Will only use it for close twitter friends 
@sunnyjamiel sunny, I'm a workin' on it. It's very much in progress! Will let you know when it's up 
@garymurning I can only imagine, but I know I love hearing about your novel!    I'm kinda awake, lol.  Will continue to do so, hopefully.
@tractorqueen Will do 
@scooby867 Cheers for that! Will have a look at that later and hopefully get sorted! 
@TinainMelbourne Will do 
Will cook a sumptuous lunch today 
@rbtlshow really enjoyed the podcast with @jasonsantamaria This was my 1st time listenening to the show. Will def listen from now on 
@marthinnayoan Ahahaha... thanks bro. Will do. I might take the day off tomorrow 
@BoltClock oic.. will need to get upgrade space if I do want to use it then.thanks  Will most prob only use photoshop and dreamweaver
@shrewmaus I thought his favourite tipple still comes from the source? Will try to pop round tomorrow after work 
off to ocean terminal.  Will tweet later all... 
@olaj Will work! 
@grum @cheekygene a change of underwear! why. is there no toilets at the restaurant. Will i wet my pants. 
@bug_bear Thanks! Will pass that along to her. And yea... right. 
@Ms_Andrews: This will be the first time I use the kc line and I'm excited to try it!  Will definately followup with a review 
@harrietglynn 20% off if you buy today   Will adjust your invoice.  Even sale patterns!
Will have to put together a blogpost on trail riding @antonperez , because there is to much to say with 140 character limits. 
@SingleSyllable very cool. Will be trying out the shower gels this evening 
@wilks LOL! Breaking a bone's next on the list ;P Will do mate, thanks 
Will and grace time 
x @LoveMeDeux Ah yes, but that requires work! I've seen others just adding the x like I did. Will try to do at least that for now 
@SimPhone good point. Will be nice if they actually pull it off, though 
@inrsoul I wonder if I'm going; got a class later. Will know soon 
@downesy You should head along! @problogger is going and they are expecting 40 or so. Will make an effort to get 50-60 to the next one! 
@k8dt Will keep some for you tomorrow morning ok  xx
Morning raids across half the country. Will I ever get enough sleep? No such chance.. 
@WordyRappinHood I got it  Will call her later.. ain't she great?!
Will go looking for something warm and meaty for lunch next. 
My papa just got home1 Will eat again dinner! be back soon! 
@MAJikMARCer Will do 
is off for a few hours today. Will check in later... take care all, and have a great day!  http://plurk.com/p/ts99s
Will be on the road to colorado in 67. 5 hrs 
@pmhswe Thanks! Will respond to your email today. 
Has enjoyed a long weekend of reading, walking my dog and watching movies. Will cook roast beef tonight to cap off a fine weekend 
@StDAY Will do.  
@Sugarwilla Will send them on. One I had to make into a black&amp;white because of a lighting issue. It is cute of you two. 
Shutting down for the night. Will watch Syoerbad until I fall asleep. 
@kainelderan  Will blog about it tomorrow 
Moooorning  Will update the web design again although its sunny out there.
Will learn how to make mozzarella and basil quiche. 
@achitnis ROFLMAO. Will explain in person 
@naor Will u pay? 
Will be having ribs for dinner. 50% off by mandiri at tony roma's is irresistable 
@diahooha Will start on season one &amp; see how I like it, mind you there's not enough hours in the day to see all I want to see 
Will be around for some min 
@dmoonstreet yeah... I had fun, it was really nice to catch up. Will tell you all about it when we next speak  tres interesting!
@jamielynnbeals awesome.  Will definitely be praying for you as you prepare for that! 
@tinaodarby our flight arrives @10pm on the 19th so technically the 20th is when we're back lol. Will post ALL pix then 4 the world 2 c  
@tracygrahamcrkr More informational than invitational.  Will make more for next time.  
@alomoris Thank you. Will try this one as well 
had new thoughts and ideas. Will think bout them more while having a nice cup of milo. 
@chezus1 I will!    Thinking  early in the week.  Will tweet the link.  They're tasty!
Will.I.Am is craazy! xD hhaha love him! 
Will be watching Sakrileg tonight 
@DanielleRicks I fyou find deals...airlines...hotels lets share! Will start looking now 
back from weekend in #geneva, great place weather and food.Will look for a job there tomorrow! 
@danmilward that sounds awesome.. Finally its here! Will test it out! 
@rivettnz Perfectly accurate   Will retweet when tweetdeck allows me to.
@mynewyorkcloset Lol! Will do. 
Brisket is still going hit a temp wall so it will take longer than expected. Will cook rest of night and enjoy tomorrow and pics 
@OSnapple Will do ur hineass... 
@natashawescoat sorry I had just assumed mike had. I will ask him about it. Will it ship w my anniversary present!!!? 
@spdd Will do, thanks 
@CherryBear hehe are we all. Will have your first draft list to you by the end of the day 
I'm up too early but I'm off into college now,  woot  And I've had time, so I look generally okay. Will put some washing in then off I go!
@ciaranj yes. Will be here until wednesday  can't wait for tonight.
MYPG blog under renovation...  Will be up v. soon!
@carly_grace Will do right now! 
http://twitpic.com/5f38g - sweet tv we got from Will 
@ClareWhite I'll try my best  Will use #georgeo so you can track it.
@HappyBob @timbo1138 Will see what I can come up with 
mcfly radioactive dvd's temporarily out of stock on amazon, rubbish. Will go and get one tonight from morrisons hopefully 
@fingersandtoes I am not! Will have to check it out 
Waiting to go home... Will take a long break this day 
Will try to scan some old family pictures.  ang cute ko eh. Haha!
@onion2k @jaybranch Thanks for the info  trying now.  Will let you know how I get on.
@Zencast oh fab   Will be getting that then!
just bought another domain i.e. twtraffle.com Which reminds me I need to finish tweetraffle.com. Will do this week, honestly 
@travelneer thanks m8! Will do our very best. 
@richard4481 no! Will check 
@burntoutcar Thanks!  Will do. 
@kerri_lotus thanks heaps. Will be in touch soon with new date  
@FushiginaReiko I did! Will be shipping it today or tomorrow 
Will be practicing the dance for presentation. 
@irsdigital, great to chat to you at #Somesso09, here is a link to the audioboo I did, http://bit.ly/CkmhT   Will email you shortly 
@MollieOfficial cant wait to see u on tour on 17 june at southend girlie!  Will u be havin any merchindise? x
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/5fdpd -  wouldn't worry to much about it just yet then ;-) Will it grow alright in our climate?
Loving summer! Working on house stuff today...Will probably watch the travel channel most of the day 
making headway on those pesky freelance projects at last! Will be launching website in a few days too 
@SiTume isn't it great!  Will we see yous in a field sometime soon? 
Off work tomorrow, thank god! Will be enjoying massive time playing H3, playing on the PC, and working out 2-3 times. 
Will my boss get suspicious if I tell her I had a flat tire twice this week, and THAT'S WHY I was late? 
@happytoytoy Apologies - hadn't spotted it was you again   Will chase where this one is at.
@KRKring Thanks. It feels weird to be askiing people, &quot;Will you be my friend?&quot; Like grade-school valentines. But I just sent you one. 
Will post my #FollowFriday tmrw morning. Who wants to be mentioned?? 
@MissBossman i'm gud baby girl...how ur summer goin? Will be there by the end of july..hope u aint forgot our plans 
@miranda_jane It's a stud. I find it hard to find one that sits just right. Will definitely check out wildcat.co.uk - thanks!  
@shinytoyguns saw a clip, it was absolutely perfect. Will check your album out now 
Will be trying to catch up on backlog of tweets today around work so if I don't respond immediately, don't take offense please 
@melattree @nicharry I registered www.stopcore.co.za the other day. Will set it up this weekend. We're going to make them take notice 
@ShaneZeranski Will do! 
@kintarasan Have a good trip!! Will wait to hear all about it when your back 
@andy_lamb Will do! 
Only needed to put a thin layer over 1 part of the skin  Will probably continue tonight. Other than that; slept like hell; check my blog
Nothing wakes you up like rolling out an update to &gt;600.000 users. Will spend time camping log files, looking for bugs this morning... 
Will go to work with a friend this morning and see what he does 
@benraue that sounds lovely.. Will there be food?  What are your plans otherwise.. see you tonight?
@sharoneden  Absolutely!  Coming from the perspective of an aspiring writer I am now more determined. Will have to say purposeful writer 
@MelissaJacobs23 Ooh nice! Will mosey on there a bit later 2 check it out. The way you're sighing it must be Robward's pics. 
@Nick_TwEeTs Will only be online late tonite, going to driving range 
@dreadpiratemick fabulous. Will look it up on google earth tomorrow morning. 
@karlmageddon Right??  Will be bringing out the champers and caviar in a bit. (ok, well... I would if I had any on hand) 
@queensandradee Target 1 is 188lbs, then will aim for 182lbs (lowest in 10 years). Will review at that point. 
Decided against painting my nails on the bus. Will paint them blue later 
@KohleronDesign What do you think of this bathroom? Will we see it comeback in your lineup soon?  http://tiny.cc/UKYUQ
@ThankASoldier You're right - so much more than bbq's and a day off! Will be giving thanks to the vets all weekend (and all the time!) 
@dannywood I'm really hoping you've checked this out....Will post a new one sometime soon!   http://bit.ly/19b17i.
@jordanknight I'm really hoping you've checked this out....Will post a new one sometime soon!   http://bit.ly/19b17i.
@atikahsayogo: I'm sorry, apparently I wasn't at home. Will be there at 8, thanks! 
@guybatty Will look into it 
@DamianGrounds Me too, that's why I wasn't really taking part in #ElevenesesTime earlier. Will you be starting your w/end early now? 
@WaldoontheBB god no! I am not pregnant... Will wait until after marriage for that 
#sewing the final touches on these sailor overalls! Will share a pic soon 
@blondechicken Will have to check it out! 
Will be going to bed early tonight. Night nighty y'all! 
@alexvonvaupel Will be sharing more deets on the photo renku project soon  It's interesting and prob worth exploring on broad scale
...a good night, all in all.. Will have to go again 
Will be gone for the weekend at the beach 
@cindyloveofbook: soon enough! Will have a review checklist for you soon. 
@emedesigns Thanks  Will certainly do
@DoctorJohnSmith Will do 
@kdelin Thanks for all the recommendations.  Will check them out!
@rydercruze I got ur email. I just saw it. Will reply shortly. 
Will make the icon post when I'm at uni 
sooooo tired &gt;.&lt; crushing on my friend Will...he's completely aDORKable 
@DreamWildly   Will give it a go 
@mojodenbow Thanks! Will check out the link you followed up with 
Will be posting some pics tonight! 
@melissaruth Why not take 15-30 mins to eat, rest, renew - then tackle the rest of your day. Will be more productive if you do! 
@1p Thanks for the link to your cartoons! Will check it out tomorrow  nice meeting u! Http://Beedoodles.com &lt;~my cartoon blog
@_CrC_  will see ya at the last 3 dates. Will be rockin a new blue &amp; blk cut 
is going to tigerbeat... Will be fun times! 
@MattQuirk well, thanks but I'm looking for some free ones or creating one on my own. Will let you know if I need better branding 
@RikkJo loving it here... hating the extreme heat though. Will &quot;cool off&quot; by the end of next month. 
@keeda okay sir. Will do 
@Reemski Will try to be there as a tweet cheer squad 
@SeniorsNetwork  Thanks. Will do. 
@fruityalexia i'm catching train to perth from my place in como then bus to scotsman. Will be there just after 8 
@elanaspantry Really? Will haveta try them now someday for sure.  Just... not today as it's a bit late to go get anything.
Will be going to lok lok birthday party later tonight. Its a first for me 
Will there really be more third party maps for L4D? I can't wait! I love last stand the most so far 
@nazra Will return your #followfriday buzz later tonight. Thanks 4 the buzz. 
@estheryates but they have to learn sometime. Will it make you feel better if I bring my 3 year old? 
Will be doing some performance testing later on 
@WebKarnage Thanks! I'm viewing it in other themes now to make sure that's not part of the issue. Will look for new snippets too. 
@LukeD Will consider this and talk to you about it later 
