Most common words for this cluster:
[('will', 949), ('should', 143), ('tomorrow', 82), ('today', 73), ('day', 67), ('time', 58), ('work', 51), ('amp', 45), ('try', 45), ('i', 42), ('miss', 40), ('lol', 37)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Will', 0.9319963455200195), (u'Should', 0.7700346112251282), (u'Can', 0.7667075395584106), (u'Could', 0.7593579888343811), (u'Would', 0.7222118377685547), (u'Might', 0.6985131502151489), (u'Did', 0.6972303986549377), (u'WIll', 0.690274178981781), (u'Does', 0.6588600873947144), (u'Couldnt', 0.6284928321838379)]





Not even 8.30am and there's far too much noise in the office   Should have worked from home today.
Darn! Forgot that tonight's shoot was postponed. Will be at a loose end now!&quot;  
@CruciFire DAMIT! That was my idea for today's comic!!!! Just wrote it down.    Will give credit then.
@andrewwright yeah that's what I was thinking. Would love to get your feedback on my creative. Will DM you when dentist has finished 
@Claire_S Will you be videoing or streaming or podcasting, Tweeting or anything else? Can't make it unfortunately. 
Bah, annoyed I can't go running with my fractured sternum. Probably another 2 weeks before I can. Will miss the next fell race 
I have just started listening to Spotify - Should i upgrade and miss Roberta?? 
At beach. Will get about / less than 6 hrs and 45 min of sleep. XD I still miss some people &amp; the Despair Faction.  &lt;3
First session not good, lost quarter of stack with KK and down to just over 3K now. Will be in need of a double up soon if no improvement 
@Thaedydal Sorry I missed you!  Had to run home to start preparing dinner. Will we see you for the panel tomorrow morning at 11.15?
&lt;&lt;-------------------------  Will NEVA show off her belly again 
ALMS race was great. Will never forget the Corvettes!!! One more day to go with Indycar... my Fantasy picks didn't do so well in qauli 
Will not be @ decoder ring tonight.  But I get to hang out with Noah tonight so it's not a total fail.
Got to go iron - Dave has work 2moro  Will be back in like an hour....
:O No waffles!  Will have a banana instead...
Beautiful weather outside, and I have to work   It hurts when disappointing a person you like. Will put some thought on how to resolve.
@KellyOlexa Like I said...sorry for the no show!  Will you ever forgive me?
@tommcfly heeey! Will you please do a Ucap Tour in Ireland? We only see you once a year &amp; that sucks  please tweet back! &amp; make my day! xx
@Mac_C No  Will need to log a call with them tomorrow
Its a stunning day and i'm ill in bed.  Should be getting house clean for deliciously sexy visitor instead of lying here 
@ApothecaryJeri Not in the class now  Catching up on a video class I missed elsewhere. Will catch @rossgoldberg 's on the replay
Looking forward to my McDonalds. Will eat that before tackling a few pesky maths papers. *humph* I HATE A Levels 
My iPod died. Will somebody buy me a new one? Please?  k thnx bai.
Uh oh. Pouting from Minn to Detroit.  Will be strong.
This sucks! :@ Power came back after 2 hours and agaim went out after 30 min :S UPS is also not fully charged. Will die soon 
Ugh. Could do with a nap already. Lucas has a cold and woke up wailing v.early, so have been entertaining for hours 
@HelpSaveBees Saw a very small yellow bee half inch -1.5cm long at allotment yesterday bu NO camera    Will try and photograph it today.
I guess I should go to bed, but where is hubby? Should be home by now 
@bubblegarm Oh and I am sorry to hear that about your job   Will you stick it out so you can get a foot in the door to do what you want?
@katediamond Unfortunately not -- my Virgin TV package doesn't include sky1   Will have to get the boxset once released
Hmm, seems to be an usually loud hum eminating from somewhere following my re-org. Will need to track it down 
under Docs orders to eat lots of cottage cheese drink lots of milk and had 10 mins in the sun every hour. Will be difficult to do in work 
Watching This Morning, planning on getting some more work done  Will do a bit of cleaning...can't wait for Loose Women! Why can't it be..
no luck   Will have to keep looking.  Everything seems to be either for 18 yo's or old frumps ... lol
Beefed up his tank, waiting for my new comp... Will take a while to put everything back on it...  But it will be here tomorrow!!!
Bad news for Saits fans. Just heard Xavier Clarke has done his ACL. Needs a reconstruction. Will not play till next year.  
Will I ever get a lie in!? Doesn't seem so 
Forced vacation:Will be back on Wednesday,If only the absence of the internet were not so crippling,id be feeling liberated by now 
Will not get her drank on tonighttttttttt, must let my liverrrrrr restttttt YO! 
Everyoneeee enjoy the dayyyyyyyy. Will tweet l8r .....time to get upppppp.  lol Xoxo
Watching Copland. Should be making most of quiet time to get work fine but no energy today  Sly is great in this.
@Willie_Day26 damn Will what about me? 
how much room does a sim card have? my phone is saying that the mem on sim card is full  Should I get a new phone or a new card?
@Diabeticizme   Will look into them for futura ref and Saturdays. I have to go into work today anyway, but I could have done the tests.
@AdriManning Np  Should I take a fly to the states and keep u company while you babysit? ;) Kisses
@uncleweed down in Seattle for the weekend will have to miss Canucks Outsider  Will try and tune in though!
missing free comic book day because of a wedding I'm in  Should I get the couple a lesser present for this?
Will not be able to go to FOTS run tomorrow 
Seth rogan! Can u please come save me ... I can't find u right now and I can't deal with this 17 year old mosh pit going on 
@iAquarian No, I haven't. Will look into it. I'm not using M'soft Money right now is I'm mostly using my work laptop as home comp died 
Will be heading to Bromley-by-Bow to sit for a painting. In jacket and tie. On the loveliest day of year 
Almost too much excitement for one night... Almost... maybe we should move to vegas... Will suck to miss UFC 100 
Sun is shining and i'm still in bed. This is not good. Should stop being lazy and get ready to drive home 
@BigMem Sorry, I *was* going to have tea, but am using the last of the coffee in the cafitiere. Will be moving onto the tea next 
@tommcfly Awk  Will you be selling it on the website if it doesn't arrive on time? xox
First half done it is great.Will Spongebob learn to fly??Cannot take pics 
@l0nwlf Will see if IE supports it, but later, just woke up, but the rule is = Cookie enabled =&gt; no cross domain iframe manip 
@BUMMS Unfortunately not  Left my camera behind. Don't know what they were called I'm afraid either. Will def take camera next year!
@willcarling - I think u jinxed Munster yesterday Will 
It's for real this time, Jesus (the fish) is dead. Will someone come flush/bury him for me?  I just don't have the heart to do it  myself 
@sarochka they're doing another fan movie based on arathorn and his time... Should also be good. I have a feeling TH4G will be taken down 
Ah work is so boring! Should really be at home doing essays, presentations and my art portfolio 
Joys of tweeting from a conference have not been mine. Coming with non-US setup is complicated.  Will try new tactics today. #stc09
@shawn_slh Will you be at bookstore again today? Never got there last night  #STC09
My Flexiscale server has been &quot;starting&quot; for 4 hours now.  Will it ever come online? 
Can't believe i'm considering switching to a Mac  Under the excuse of wanting to become skilled in using both. Will run parallel desktop.
@JenAlice Just saw your post about breaking from BB   Will you not be twittering either? Everything okay?
@delegate2me She's feeling better. Will be in the hospital a few more days. Pain and fever when meds wear off. 
@amandapalmer Will the show be posted on YouTube too?  The webcast was a little late for me here in Germany. 
@aneD Oh I am so sorry to hear that. Will send him a message straight away. Poor thing 
Will a roast lunch be good for a hangover? I hope so. Feel a bit sick from the scrambled eggs though 
my new MacBook Air is brilliant. Why didn't I do this sooner? But won't learn pages mid assignments. Will still need 3kg laptop to finish 
@paulpuddifoot  I am pleased you enjoyed the film! I am hoping to go. Might end up going on my own as it's not Chris's type of film! 
We missed church again.  Intestinal issues are in a flare, have been for the past six weeks. Will this ever end in my lifetime?
First day of work tomorrow!  I start at 9/have to leave the house by 7:45  UGH! Will twitter if I can about my day, or at the end...night!
@richharms I have to correct myself  I were wrong. Infinispan is the next-gen JBC. Will have  compability layer. I should learn to read.
@dekrazee1 oooh, not good   Should go to doc and get checked for concussion - seriously!
Sue is out this morning so had to abandon plans to ride again   Will be getting back to it on Sunday I think now..getting a bit edgy!
@SimonBotes Let me check with the technical guys and get back to you  Will advise ASAP
no one answered my question.      Will try again for this week.  Question 1:  Tell me about an interesting dream you had.
@sethharwood Will send when it arrives - How long is international mail  I need my JWU! - seriously though pics on way once book arrives
@psycho_babble : Don't have sound on work pc  Must bring in headphones one of these days. Will check out at home
Guess what: I've used up my API once more. Will use this to tweet but can't see what any of yous is saying 
 im in a good mood despite the fact my lunch is being taken over by uni shittee!! Will have to do some after the View!!  bad times!
@sbunker Hi Simon, UWE appears to be blocking your site for &quot;Proxy Avoidance&quot;? Will have to read from home 
@Cocoia unfortunately not stopping in Holland.  Will you be at Twiiste.be? You should be!
@RobertKlein123 cheers - have now made it to the sea #tge - right, talks - I fear I have missed Will Page's small tail 
@jjuliano Also, I'm sure to your disappointment, no Statham in the LOST Finale   Wouldn't it be awesome if he was Jacob?
MORE History CourseWork? Will it ever stop       x
@aiiii Went to Red Egg in ctown but it wasn't worth a picture.  Will probably spin tomorrow but have to be home after to help replant..lol
@feliciaday Going to miss your spot on AOTS  but for a good reason - vacation! Will sober up at catch on DVR for sure 
Will Ferrel was CLASSIC on SNL tonight-it hasn't been the same show since he left.  No cheerleader or music dept skits though 
Yup, got about eight hours of random pick up n' shoot footage gathering dust (well, stored, but...). Will work for Macbook/FC access. 
@lehndal I made some really DUMB errors in iCMA44 which I am still angry about.Will be awhile before I forgive myself or forget that one 
Guess what? I'm in office. Will i EVER be able to focus on my websites anymore?? 
Getting tired. Will try to finish the book in the morning. Too bad the library is closed today and tomorrow. 
Havent done as much revision as I should have done today  Will have to work harder this week I suppose.
Listening to Will Smith 
@RobinThailand Waaah! Will not make Barcamp Bangkok next weekend as my school is taking my passport for HK Visa renewal  WIll you stream?
@CherryBear Yes, gets everywhere.  Will require another shower when I get home.
Non of these left on the larder : http://lyxus.net/mwd    Will slum it and have a Jim Beam and coke...  Note to self: SIP
@krismac224 updates killing me too! Will try to bring back sun but kinds missing from here too. It must be on the Bahamas!  xoxo ttysoon!
@krismac24 updates killing me too! Will try to bring back sun but kinds missing from here too. It must be on the Bahamas!  xoxo ttysoon!
Will not go to school. Hair so greasy I can see reflection in it. 
No electricity!!  Will be gone in like 20 minutes!! Nooo, the horror!!!
@davepdotorg @spodzone  Booooo.    Will they wash?
My feet are bloody freezing. Should have worn socks this morning 
@duyndv Not good. Shouldn't cost too much to fix though. 
Did a naughty and bought an early ticket home. David Wallet is spinning in his financiall-well-managed grave 
Wanna just stay in my cosy, comfy bed all day long... But can't  Will have to wait till 2moro
@Ellen_Stafford Will be afternoon - got school in a few mins  - it's cold outside today!!
Cooked way too much food - food for Africa!  Will be eating leftovers for like the next month 
need to see my partner! whos OS! only don't have any idea how many days to count down too!  Will be surprised anytime in next few weeks!
@LizScherer Just can't make the conf.   Leaving 4 CO soon after. Will you tweet it? Say hi to Shel Holtz for us?
I feel ill.  Shouldn't eat that curry+chicken..as i had to reheat it. &gt;_&gt; I'll probably be fine in time
@lauralaloca Will ring ya, when u free? Had to go to Dr in middle of night 
@Karen230683 lol Im dreading it!!  Will have to try and fight the craving to twitter...il just spend the whole w/end drunk..that'll work!
Well... it works for sending tweets, but not to read them    Will be looking for new client
I forgot? Hee hee? Will that get me off? Doubt it 
Well today, I have decided we will be having roast chicken again this evening. Will try not to serve it raw 
@znmeb Will do. I have got to see him speak someday. Keep getting booked at the same time or just plain missing his sessions 
@Geirny MSN won't let me sign on my phone.  We got our edit back! Will share with you tomorrow.
@geekaholic yeah they kinda dragged it for long. Coz of critics they want to give and end to it. Will miss Schofield.. 
Will have to do ALL of my packing tomorrow because of how the evening turned out  So should probably go to bed. It will be an EARLY rise
Woo bank holiday weekend (almost)....Hopefully sunshiiiine, wiiiine and the last day of the season.  Will miss you Guus 
Extremely busy day. Gotta wrap up a lot of stuff. Atleast 3 meetings in queue. Will miss the motherjane show at Le Rock in evening. 
@peacockfeather Keep it up, we land tomorrow! Will mail you, but a meeting looks unlikely 
@BTCare I did call and speak to a Gareth last night....someone is supposed to be looking into it today. I miss my tv...  Will DM details
Grrrr! at NZTM!  at Victoria going. Should have been Hosanna. Wont be able to watch the final as will be away!
@Llubyloo He goes tonight   Will be upto no good as much as possible, thank you very much !! ;-) ;-) ;-)
@ladybug8320 Well, glad u did. You should twitpic images. Though pic stealing might be an issue  Will peruse more &amp; follow your work.
@seonaidm  same, I cannot face anymore studying.  MST. and Physics on mon then tues      Will all be over soon...
Will he get angry to us? Yesterday I joked that I'll cook grilled rabbit. Uhh, I'm so confused. 
Long Weekends ahead! No plans yet   Should I go to Virginia beach?
@morpheas7887 No.. they have 500 outgoing email rule (500 per hour).. and I broke there rule unknowingly  Expecting forgiveness 
@Dan_Savage Cant watch the Game tonight...  Will be @the game Sunday night tho..1st game I have missed in a long long while...Have fun!
Ok, so I am not going to Pune.  Will be working in the AMD Mumbai office over the weekend. Will miss the roadshow too   
Adam Should Win why ...  but adam will still be famous! i will support him!
No more lasagna for moi.  I'm so tired today FOR NO REASON!. Shouldn't take me three hours to get up. lol
@abhi2point0 hey, thanks. Will update when i get back. Too bad ET doesn't link out. 
Going to bed. Should have done so hours ago but decided against it. I hope it rains again tomorrow. 
Is Red Bull the new blow? Is it more &quot;socially acceptable&quot;? Will mom accecpt me now? Can I still go to the beach house? So confused 
Nothin' like a bro/sis picture from back in the day, right? Will miss you, Bro!  http://twitpic.com/61eki http://twitpic.com/61el0
At my grandma's house. Failing at tryin to sleep even though I'm beat. Wishing I could talk to Ryan 
@huma_rashid Oh dear. Will keep your family in my prayers. So terrible. 
Gave up wandering in the rain. Will sleep (or try to) on the couch--closer to the door so I can hear in case kitty returns  #FML
Felt really bad today. Watched 3 movies. Will probably watch more tomorrow. I hate being sick. 
@joram10 Wish I could go to the Masterclass tmr but apparently invitees only.  I don't rate as worthy of invite.    Will check re catchup
I think I killed our Ipod.  It went through the wash, now just say's low battery although it has charged all night. Will not turn on 
@Miss_Thrifty eBay 10 mile rule not working for me.  Too many pairs of leather trousers being sold in Aberdeen. Will try next week.
http://twitpic.com/666gy - My glass is empty. Will someone be a dear and fetch me another? 
@disquiet Business or pleasure? Will keep my eye out for anything. You're just missing a Moondog concert tomorrow night 
@3Easy Last week of July  Will you be up and at em by then?
@lordofleisure Will have to it's only across the water and all. Just damned expensive 
(@MeowMeowHotMix) My chick wont shut up  Will only stop chirping if i sit with the bloody thing.
@tommcfly Will we see you guys in the Philippines?  That would be the coolest thing ever! Always wanted to go to one of your concerts!
@NamOf I know  My bro asked if I shaked my fists and now own 6 cats. Will have to make up for last night this weekend when I'm in Philly.
@tommcfly Will we be seeing McFly in the Philippines soon? 
Will you guy's keep voting for her and ask u'r followers to help to. Only 4days left before competitions close. 
I know I'm already a week behind on FF. Will TRY to get one done today! Called into work 2hrs early due to problems so will be a busy day 
On the way to have Griffin's staples removed from his head!  Should be fun 
Will be back in Dallas tomorrow. 
ok... finished all the Mikados  Should shut up now! lol
Awww NOOO, not my Venus        Will redemption come in doubles?
@Bizfizz Does it start tomorrow?  I was going to book Sam on that and forgot 
BGT!!!!!!! - Will be gutted when it finishes tomorrow  - Stavros Flatley all the way! 
#bgt Will Holly take being paraded on stage again for potential rejection? 
@monsterchew thanks! Will check next time I'm in Target. It's over an hour away 
Don't have the Will power to finish hour two of my work out 
Has been a long day - Matinee and evening show. Will be sad tomorrow: last ever Welsh College show 
@katevoegele WIsh they were in Toronto  Will you be coming back here soon?
@kathuerun Hehe. I have the ZSG. Should probably go over it again. Also, Mike has moved up to Orillia, so his arsenal isn't so available. 
And AJ just came around the corner and I leaned back in my chair to say hi, and fell over. Wouldn't have been so bad but I hurt my legs 
@eboni_ife We're headed out to Vegas!!! Will toast to you... 
@yahooprofiles Y! profiles are awful. Tried it. Didn't like it. Will go elsewhere. Archives have been preparing for download for an hour 
Bon voyage turner! Will miss you 
@adugdell Dugie, I tried to do my video today, but my webcam isn't supported on Win7  Will ask @nicfill to help me record one nxt week.
@Premo121 he said thanks man.  Will do.  LOL, now you know why I've been taking so much time off lately.  It's gonna suck when he's gone. 
@frankjonen Yeah, as we get further away from being starving students valuing peoples work becomes more important. Will have to wait 
Will thw Dream Final happen?? I wonder 
@jjx re 6/3: can't be there!   My schedule has taken on critical mass and is about to form a singularity. Will it be recorded?
@davegraham I need one of those! Will ask friend with an Atom if he's upgrading... TVR in for annual service yesterday, sunny typical 
Oops actually Coppelia  my bad. Will enjoy the dancing and music either way
@1capplegate Will be looking forward to those new ones. Yay! Altho, very sad to hear that it's a series finale, not just a season finale! 
@ninh Urgh !  Will have to prolong our destined Sanwa powered #SF4 match till we fully recover from the evening formerly known as Woofur.
Weather is 100% suitable enough to move from jeans to combat pants. Will still b wearing long sleeves in public though. Yes. Body issues 
Sore shoulder  Will have to sit outside and burn vest mark onto other half of body today so I'm even.
Got errands to run.  Will check up on #asylm later.
Yesterday was the first cottonwood flurry of the year. Will be living on Claritin for the next month. Glorious. 
Driving home from Marathon Key back to Atl.  Will drive it in two days...sad to leave the beach. 
Packing all done. Leaving in a couple of hours. Will miss a few things here, including Dr. Pepper. 
that was the dough stage!  Am going to just mix my two poolishes together and go for it. Will provide comic relief if not bagels.
Thought it was going too well today, BA long haul economy sucks, Virgin much better. Will resurface from hell in around 10 hours 
@trunkguy D'oh - how stupid am I  Will look at Soundstage...
Shitty weather. Storm and stuff. Will remain close today. 
@Oxhorn Will you go there? I envy everyone who will be able to go to Anaheim! I have to stay home...again.  Lucky you! ^^
Today was awesome... Should have put on some sun cream  i'm burnt.
@cgoldberg I am using swfdec. Planning to move away because of problems. Will not recommend it.. 
@becs09 I am sitting at the kitchen table  Couldn't make the RPV convention as Grandkids from left coast are here 
@jenniferkate  Was repped there 2 years ago by 3 agents at 1 time.Hightlight for me!Will be in NYC for 7 wks in 2 weeks.Couldn't go now. 
Bone tired. Is ridiculous as slept for hours this afternoon. Cannot go to bed now. Will wake up at stupid o'clock. Feel useless. 
@MaryKnudson I'm so sorry to hear about the death of your cat, Mary. So sad.  Will keep you in my prayers in your time of grief.
@mandee_k Flight leaves in 2 hours  I'm going to miss  Spain (and Joshy!) Will text from T.O. Take care this weekend Mands! talk soon xo
Dropped bag of rice all over hob   Huge mess and can't clean up properly as hob hot. Could just cry. Will have to toss rice out, too.
@wirbelwind1111 Bwah I'm sorry  Will you go again?
Allergies today -  - If I take a Claritin, &quot;Will I be, Claritin Clear to Tweet?  #nascar http://tinyurl.com/qoogmw
Left my Phone ad the boyfriends  how to survive with out it for a week? maybe Will write a book on it
@jennpw I was there to watch Slaughter and I also liked the music. I wish I got to play then  Will you be visiting us this week at camp?
Battery dieing... Will probably have to go back to the bb soon  I need to invest in a new battery! #PCPC
Ima try and sleep after family guy. Will prob fail again like last night 
was ready to catch up with the Walker Family but they're no On Demand!  Will have to wait til I have access to the Virgin + box! 
going to see my dad and sick doggie  looking forward to Dollywood with Will tomorrow!
@BradinBuffalo @xjv no Padron's in my humi   Will have to look for some to try!!
damn drive-in was too full.  Will have to see UP and Terminator another time. (odd combo, I know)
@OscarTheCat  Loves and hugs to you &amp; family~ Will see you on other side of Rainbow Bridge; We sit back and remember the good ole days! 
Second bar I've tried has flakey wifi.  Left after happy hour.  Will try to work in the annoying quiet of my home office. I miss EVDO. 
Sad that I don't have the channel showing this week's Sounders game. Will be the first game I haven't watched. 
Breakfast with Motherrr. Should i dye my hair  i'm afraid it'll spoil it.
@peterfacinelli ah, I miss Steve too (green shirt guy, lol) Rumor was he had cancer and that's why he left. Never heard anymore about it. 
@Jeannetti9009 lucky you get to hear the angels lol. Will we hear JJ sing clearly this time? lol in NLt is was always backup 
Will this get through ? Do I care anymore ? not sure.  I'm disappointed &amp; pissed off  now 
Packing. Will be leaving in 2 hour. Finally my Mango honeymoon is over!! 
@jenthegingerkid Should have gone book shopping 
@ijustine You also do not respond to your friends DMs   Will you talk to me already LOL ARGHHH!!
Didn't finish the kitche.   Headed to Laura's to play!  ;-)
@Anime81 #ilovemybff! BFF is gonna be mad at me in two shakes... Imma get off here in a minute.  Will be back tho!
I am ridicously bored at my cousins house right now. Home sounds better then ever. Will someone bring me soup and my bestfriend? 
@maddimouse Im not doing manc hun  and thankyou! Will i see u in London?
@carnalis tooth needs sorting out before jaunts at home or abroad this summer   you will need Gigi when I describe menu. Will wear hat 
I was thisclose 2 dreamland when a drunk a$$ called talking ignorant. Shouldn't have answered but he's holding my juicy bracelet hostage 
had a great dinner, but no energy to go and find a shag  Will try Gardens Gym in an hour
Now I'm sucked in to Mary Whitehouse.  Will have to work in front of the telly 
@StephWBates 5.30am, u havin' a laugh?She will be back in few mins. Will hang around to see her then go. Dont wanna go to school tomorro 
So last day of Queen's b'day weekend begins. Should really be trying to sleep, 6 hours til get up 4 work  no fun working public holidays..
@nzlemming Train it to recognise a pee command. Will take time with a new dog though 
taking DKs to puppet show and indoor playground today. Will try to get out to do some cleaning on the boat later. Cool and windy today 
@1stAngel I'll be in this evening. Will go on skype. Promise!!!  Missing @yvonneayoub, too. 
Attempt #2...Can anyone help out me/Maggie with a ride to School of Rock tonight? Otherwise we'll take the train/bus, but it is not close 
Going back to bed till 8pm. No idea why the wife chooses night shifts to be plain horrible. Should of stayed in the pit today 
1 Samuel 14:29       Would like to add text yet verse is to long  fetch your bibles and look up the passage its great.
My last day in Paris. Definitely not ready to leave Europe yet  fly out in AM. Will call when get to  ATL
Whu? Vancouver sunny and warm all week?  What gives? Felt sure she'd have rainy, cool and dreary while there. Should have gone along 
Wow. You know it was a crazy night when you wake up thinking it's a whole different day. Will have to wait until tomorrow for E3 
@EilujMadness Hey Prettyface &lt;3 I am okay...just broken-hearted  Thank you for asking. I'm visiting NC in July. Will you be around?
Sorry. Will take grumpy self away: no point snarling in public. Wish wasn't so busy living own sermon illustration re Spirit leaking away 
@blaqkgloss i bought manics album, but have left in Rs car  Will steal it back soon and have proper listen. Any other recommendations?...
does not want to drive 10 hours back to Amarillo!!!  But has to  Will post pics tomorrow guys!
@dougiemcfly Thats good to hear! Do we have Doug back now? Doug... Could you Tweet me back a 'hi'? The others don't reply  xxxx
My family is gone now  What an empty house...*sigh*. Pretty excited to see the Kings perform tonight though! Will be taping it!
@out_bug_out boah Neid... Will auch 
So I've been doing &quot;real&quot; work all this weekend. Finally got it finished 5 mins ago and waiting on feedback. Expecting lots of bugs 
@alistair No Probs am chilling out in hotel hacking. Will be on the train back by that time sadly 
kevinprince: @alistair No Probs am chilling out in hotel hacking. Will be on the train back by that time sadly 
Applied some order to front garden this w/e-great workout! Ready for local kids to use as dustbin again  Will attack back garden tomorrow
@LampshadeJungle Will have a read later...I'm sure it's good!    Lucky you, I'm trying to find a link to watch the MTV awards... 
Bedtime. Should have gone ages ago really as 5.20am isn't far away 
BBq again today! Will this weather continue??? I hope so! Bound to if we are back at school 
@EddieVukovic Should have been 22-24 eps   Don't know why they shortened the seasons. The whole Jacob thing made my mind explode..
@peiliminiature  Today I contacted Tim via email for you. Forgot to do it the other day   Will let you know when I hear from him.
@SweetEther gotta meet my girl @ the Westin. Her dude has a concert tonight.  Will let u kno but U absolutely HATE Scotts
@NKOTB Will u guys please tell us if u r going to reschedule the shows.really hard to see ur posts not knowing if we get to c the shows. 
@trixie360 oh btw!Will Microsoft be streaming the conference from its site this year?all gaming sites are blocked at work 
No trip to Blake's   Will have to save my ridiculousness for next year.
@cameronreilly Bugger  I'm shocked it's so difficult. Will look into it.
Bum, my C4 exam is actually this morning  This makes me sad. No time to revise. Should be ok though, I won't fail, that's factual
@Scobleizer  Will send you a mail. Tried to DM, but you are yet to follow back 
Keep loosing the buds on my earphones  Will have to tweet for amuseents.
has some problems with the hosting company. Will get it fixed within 1 day. Sorry everyone.. 
Not going to Alaska with Jill  but that's ok. Will go on my cruise in Sept. only 92 days away.. it is really hot here not bad at night soo
Out and about. Feel tired  but good! Will try to find a spare hour in the day to grab a power nap so I hav energy 4 Omarions party!
I cried this morning because I miss Will that much. He even got up early without me 
@willclarkfan22 Will Clark .. just another name to me  wasn't even born yet when he played for the giants LOL
good morning - another glorious day in Edinburgh. Will have to settle looking at it out of the window at it - so hard to be inside 
@feblub Will give them a listen in a minute. Unfortunately I have some work to do. Hopefully it should not take too long though 
Looking at Polo's form. Here goes  Will hand it in personally tomorrow instead of posting - worth the effort.
Imma kill PLDT. still effed up about the connection. using public services just upsets me   Will go and buy chocolates now.
@jowyang switching from @dreamhost to Media Temple. Will I be far behind. Not happy with Dreamhost after 5 years... 
@Macala nice! I love running although I haven't done it in a year - got hurt training  Will start again after Internet Week craziness
@SKINTHIWATT I think it is a combination of things. It's not right though. Shouldn't happen. very sad 
Have critical HD failure on laptop; borrowed assistant's PC to type this. Will be back when I can. 
@MrJ1971 Bugger  working at infor the rest of the week on document delivery stuff rest of the wk. Will be more organised next tm. thx tho.
I really wanna get rock band 2 now but I can't for a long time. Exams, then road trip, then I might get it. Will not be happy if I don't  
@anyabast THANK YOU! Will read Witch Fury soon! I bumped it back due to swag from #bea09 
Will be going to the California Academy of Sciences today, looking forward to it. Good weather to be inside ;) though.. I want sun! 
@babygirlparis The President came on and we missed your interview.   Will catch it later.
@cameron_crazy So what did you think of Hills finale? Will miss LC. Next year looks like another direction. 
Have to miss session 3 of #vidoemag   Will catch it on the replay. #videomag
Mannoo  Will auch ne Supernatural Convention in Deutschland *heul*
Filing Bebe's nails. I'm still in pain today   headache's back. Will be a grouch all day, I'm sure  http://tinyurl.com/qgxszw
that blows! I work Wednesday!  @pghpenguins  &gt; Wendy's... Maybe I should call off. Excuse: scavenger hunt. Will it fly? Prolly not.
so cold this morning! Will have to haul ass to the gym this morning.. Gila males bgt 
Just back from the vet.  Anabelle on antibiotics and more steroids.  Will get her blood work back tomorrow.  
@Will__Hill will!!!!  ill never do it again!
missed the Munk Debate  Will have to listen to it on the radio next week
@Carl yeah - I think that's an issue with our CMS.  Should be resolved in the near future.  Sorry 
Will go back to work later.. Vacation's officially over.. 
Will the twilight phase ever end? Seriously, feeling like I'm going to gag almost everyday because of that, not cool!! Let it die please! 
@kissingt Nice!  Will have to check it out...if I can stay awake 
First night in my new place. Will see M tomorrow, but feel overwhelming, soul-crushing loneliness. Have no interest in sleeping alone. 
Havn't updated BLOG frm past couple of weeks. Havng a gala time in B'lore  Will b returng 2 UK tis sunday 
@cameronreilly Cool. Will try and stay awake, but can't promise anything 
@MicHELLeYEAH Woo!! Will do  Poor Dan just got dumped!  I think you know how we classify people like that ;)
Halfway done with my outline for tonight. . . Will be up until 3 
@JesseMcCartney Follow me please!  &amp; please answer this question. Will you one day come to Macedonia? I'm fan since Dream Street !!!
My proofread of Chapter 5 is taking me longer then i expected. Will probably be up late again today. Already midnight... 
@JChillin Unfortunatelly, God is green  Will you stay next year to the team? Are you sure that Coach Giannakis wants you in the team?
Aww man. Definitely learnt one lesson with my stock-trading - do not hesitate! Should have cashed in yesterday lunchtime 
just wants him, is that too much to ask?  Should go to bed soon. Sorry if this wakes you Lauren :p
Will there ever be a collaborative Earth surveillance/monitoring system leveraging Web2.0, i.e., people? Would make AF447 searches easier 
Have to cancel my travel plans for #Daugavpils for job-related reasons.  Will have to report about the #EP09 elections from #Berlin
Is In I.C.T Wishing School Will End Soon  So i can start living!
Really cold  Should get ready soon.
Looking at my schedule, i realise i will miss three episodes of The Ultimatum! Argh! Will have to catch up online! 
Now I found a bug in FMLE and unfortunately I have no direct line to its programmers. Will have to go through Adobe's helpdesk 
@ManxStef spoke to Canon - have to take to Elstree FFS. Will drive there. How long to fix? Fucknows  dodnt take single zoom pic just w ...
Flight to KLU is late, one our. Will stay in KLU for 5h  and then going to Stockholm for #p2p-next meeting
@tobyaw Depends on whether I'm around and Rosie is working at lunchtime  Will let you know when we're around! Thanks for the offer...
@gezlemon Will you be posting on #Aegis? Expert user workshop last week was interesting, but I couldn't make events this week 
@RedMummy Thanks, will do! Will probably go to bed, too, since early start tomorrow - and coughing kinders   xxx
@oliviamunn lolz. I'm so sorry I didn't go now.  Will you be at PAX?
Will the M's give me a win in my attendance tonight? So far I am 1 for 10 win:losses when I attending M's game. Sad  
@jonathanbudd Hey Jonathan! Registered but off work late &amp; to connect; but couldnt get into the room  Will there be a recording at all?
Intermediate - Moderate Concussion.No riding 4-6wks  Will have &quot;teh dumb&quot; for quite a few more days so beware!!
@whovian99 at Dragon and they started laughing. Should I be concerned 
@momblogger Will do  Tempted to run last night too. #conass
I wish I had cable. I'm missing out on Man vs. Wild featuring Will Ferrell 
It's all over! Prac is finished  One of the best experiences of my life  Will miss all my students 
Awkward and uniqe night at the pub. Redstar showed up, thought I would never see her again. I think I'm happy. Will miss her 
Will have to return the dress today and check out the high street. I've seen a gorgeous Karen Millen number but it's way over my budget. 
@David_Mooney thanx Dabid.. Will try to take a look when chores are done... Am snowed under with obligations this morning! BOO! 
@Joanne84 why do the best festivals always happen somewhere else in Europe? Should be here dammit! That one seems good too! 
LOVES The Meaning of Night by Michael Cox...have never been so captivated by a book before. Will be sad to finish it 
Will Zelda arrive today?  I doubt it, it was only posted yesterday it seems 
 Slashdot: Internet Explorer 6 Will Not Die: http://tinyurl.com/nym39z
How can I get a job and emigrate to the USA ? This is all I want .. Will I ever be that lucky ? 
Is there wireless at the Common Man? Probably not. Will be disconnected from the world until tonight  
Doc says no more running for a while   Sacroiliitus....and its a pain in my ass (and my back)! Will be focusing on swimming and cycling...
Black skirt suit for court today. Of course I forgot to lint roller myself.  Will use tape at work =T
@javajudd Argh - no kindle version!    Will check it out.  Thanks.
@CinnamonCloud They had a show here a few months back but i could not get tickets  Will have to wait a few years to see them!! 
@Warrior_Kat Oh No! How long is your fast? Will miss your tweets 
WHY do I try doing html? WHY? Makes me mad. Will either cry or get angry with my laptop. 
Prognosis is a torn anterior inferior tibiofibular ligament. Will get to meet with doc to see how long I'll be on the dl 
@CHRIS_Daughtry   Ok , would love to watch the new video but it won't show in my region (Australia) Will that be getting fixed soon???? 
@Michael_French    Can you get it started at all?
@FayeFoucault Will do I cant wait to see it. I bet I know who it is, he IS A Sneak 
Will blog when I am done my coursework.  Until then, it sits on the side 
Wow! Ex just called. Divorce papers ready to be signed. Will all be final in a few weeks. Didn't expect it to be painful again. 
Trying to draw a lonely anime/manga girl with not great luck... Will TwitPic if it's any good 
My poor Vox amp is broken  Will have to use my 9V-powered Marshall baby amp for a week. At least I won't wake the neighbours... Probably.
@suziperry Sorry it was not mean to be insensitive, apologies. Clumsy thoughtless. Will leave as twitter follower. ATB. Falls on sword.  
Will we soon have to pay for Hulu? Fox's chief digital officer says yes.  http://bit.ly/pu30X   
@JimMoreno Should have tested for my brown belt but didn't 
@JanisSharp Dr Who is one of the best shows around. I was watching the Xmas special with Kylie and it's fab. Will be sad to see Tenant go 
@adenfraser Will the zune HD be worth it? I want to so bad 
Will this rain ever end? We're flooding big time. So much for catching the Grasshoppers game 2night. Wouldve been my first ball game too. 
Bond issuance for non-profits? Interesting. Will figure it out after I grab some sleep. Fever tonight. 
Said goodbye to Reavis in a City Year uniform this morning  . Will be back in the summer though working with the camps, very exciting!
Things aren't looking good for sister's dog. It's either paralyzed, painful life or put to sleep. Will know more on Monday. Poor Jack  
@ffidler Im heading out for lunch now. Will call you when I get back. Can only call you from landline. 
Making a Don Jail memorial mix  Will post later!
Will this day never end??? What a day at work!!! Can't wait for the weekend! Still shaking the frustration of missing Jon last night 
Will have to stop viewing the NING main page someone posted a song title as part of the title to their discussion  please no spoilers 4 me
@BCBerrie everyone I can think of..lol..I'm sure I missed some.   Should write them down!
@mileycyrus Will you PLEASE come 2 belfast?? You and the jonas brothers are only going 2 Dublin and i cant see either of you 
Startin 2 think that @Will_Chandler is mean 
Import result: System.OutOfMemoryException  Will try again next week.
http://twitpic.com/6p2wz - On the ground in Hamilton. Need a restroom and real food, stat. Will be last to deplane though 
feeling bad for maddy cuz she has to spend time with Will LMAO!!! sorry dude see you tommorow and i called but no one picked up 
Where did Will Ferrell's funny go?  Is it burned out? #hhrs
Getting ready 2 go out and do some so-shul-izing w my good pal @steelking.  Will he bring the Lambo?  Prolly not... 
@DLIMedia Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear about your job.  Will be thinking good thoughts that everything works out for you.
@madddsexy What Card Game?  I Will Be There Soon!!!!
@hufflepuff4ever Ahhhh.  Will you get in trouble?
Now going to start my schoolwork.  Will probably fall asleep as i am really tired. Got very little sleep last night but it was worth it.
@heatherbond  Will you still come on MSN ocassionally? I still want to talk to you and long distance is expensive! 
Book sale failed for me  Will be back there tomorrow for the 10 year anniversary of the library. I was employee number one!
dang weather...  didn't get to see any action tonight  Will be watchin Vortex2 tomorrow!!!  Eastern Nebraska be on the lookout!
Feels sick. Shouldn't have drank on an empty stomach 
Will be near @buckheadchurch this Sunday. Would also go to Courageous, but no one to take me  @courageous
@willsara When did you get Stimulation Will? I am STILL waiting! 
Spent 20+ minutes trying to get the Google Chat to work with my webcam... unsuccessfully   Will accept all advice...
Peetnik mysteries. Looks good. Will test next week http://bit.ly/ofYoT Need to finish reports  ... I mean start!
Didn't hang out with Jon today thanks to a Tornado watch and 35 inches of rain. 
Have run out of tea  Will have to have coffee instead
@Georgieboo trying to avoid BB10 ! Lol. Wont be back til Monday now either.     Will miss you guys. xxx
#aion_liv Will there be any further comps for EU Keys this weekend?  All I keep seeing is NA ones 
@thebrianposehn Former Friend? Did you and Zach have a falling out??? 
@rkartha Damn man!! I was looking forward to meet up with u  Will send live updates
i'm feeling so tired now  Should i go back to twitter but i dont want my karma to drop lehhhhh.
@Pansywhacker @KangarooGav Just saw that Will from the Inbetweeners was at the Union in November. Gutted 
Shadow snagged a nail on the rug and is bleeding. Cleaned up a lot of bloody paw prints. The nail looks pretty bad. Will visit the vet. 
Excited about tomorrow!!    woohoo!  I'm a huge dork but whatever.. Will be missing my Shanen   Next year baby!  Hell yeah!! ILY
never went watching We Will Rock You 
@catrinasupple Will explain later ;-) Just home from spending monies i dont have! Whats new! Gonna be a quiet night me thinks 
Will be in Congo during political elections. Never a good idea. 
having a quick shower, saying goodbye to the family! and then Im off.. Will miss them all lots!  I hate having to leave them!!
On the bus back to NYC. Why did I get the bus with all the hyperactive teenagers??? Grrrr. Will I last 4 hrs of this? 
@davidplexco LOL I have only one.   Should have started earlier.  But better late than never 
Hey @hawkcam Shoot... will not tackle Philly w/ bike race.  Will have to try another day.   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Will be letting #apple keep Jorge for a few days to check things out. 
@NMaize I saw a Leilani road! LOL   Couldn't take a pic of the sign 
Will not make it to the DrupalCon Paris this fall. 
Phone battery died. Forgot charger in NY. Will get new charger tomorrow. 
Watching Cheetah Girls in pediatric emergency room while Will gets stitches 
But Will Ferrel still did a good job.  I am seeing up tommorow.  I heard it was a sad movie.  
@bfelliott Just read about Outpost Gallifrey shutting  Will your excellent news roundup find a new home?
@jack_love Could u tweet  about it for us.David wont self promot its good publicity  the other top 3 guys are tweeting there fans to vote 
@AreandBeeLS Sorry we didn't make it.    I got super cramped up &amp; my allergies kickin' what's left of my butt!  Will get to hang out soon
Congrats class of 09 @ FHS. Couldn't make it due to poor planning  I'll miss you all.
Im going to play Swat4 now, Good bye twitter... I Will Miss you baby  Meet up again in about 2 hours?
My favorite browser has been firefox for about 3 years, but I've been enjoying Songbird a lot. Will try version 1.2 now. Mexico lost 
@riseagainst http://twitpic.com/6st4n - Will Rise Against come to Mexico Someday?? 
I just realized I'm a Grace without a Will.. 
@NerdIndian Close to 1700 Kms from SION.  . Will opt for something more jaipuri
@alfaye Trying to write the one-shot but my plot bunny isn't cooperating well.  Should be up soon though! 40 more days!
A friend found a little dwarf rabbit yesterday. Some cruel people abandoned it   . Have it here now. Hope it isn't ill. Will care for it.
Buta curry habisss!!!! Hiks...  Will hv 2 settle 4 chicken this time... Till next time deh my buta curry. U r dearly missed! :p #fb
@irishpolyglot yes i know nr 920 isnt online yet  Should i translate it for you?
@mika_cory : Aww, I haven't watched the movie  Will look for it at Ambasador! XD
Rain again  Oh well, we'll make the best of the day we are given! Slight rain delay in leaving for the power tour. Will be on road soon!
@razorianfly whoops. Should be in an hour or so for you. 12 or so for me. 
Im cold... I want the sun  Picked up some bargains at Aldi. No snake-venom cream in stock though!! Will have to wait.
@wendilynnmakeup Will u miss @estebanics when u go back to Heroes? Does that mean no YouTube videos of Estee's crazy dances 4 awhile? 
@Pheraya Don't think so  Going into Conor &amp; Jinx withdrawal. Shall bring laptop tonight! Will get there 7.30ish. Shall I bring anything?
Missing L.A.   But am on my way to the Rodeo with family.  Will be a fun day!
@chic_chicken Oh, just remembered! Will we talk tomorrow, my lovely bitch? I miss you very-very muuuch 
Will sleep now... Tomorrow starts the LAST week in school  Kind of sad!
@ToxicMelvin Yes. And a Lexmark printer  Will stop trying now. It's late, I really should be sleeping 
A bird just took on my rental car at 70 mph. Bird bought the farm.  Will let the wife drive for a while.
Okay...can't hang out  right now.   Will tweetcha later though.
Wow, I really hate car trips with my parents - they have to stop every hour and are pros at dawdling. Will never get back from Nashville 
Off to opening night meeting, missing the Tony's  Will catch up and watch them!!! Back ASAP!!
Will that Sucked We didn't get to play 
Home now. Will read some of 'we need to talk about kevin' before bed. Harrowing read so far. Would still like a cup of non sweet tea mhm 
@HilaryDickinson It sure will, and that is possible! Should be heading to bed myself, but I'm not sleepy, so I'd not sleep! 
Sad, sad night. Will not mention them by name; don't want them to go up in the trending topics 
Is back in Norwich....yay? Not really. Sucks atm  Will get better once she has stuff to do.
Yep, I'm MIA for the next few hours. Will try to tweet when I can. I hate weekends. 
public holiday, god bless the queen!!! nothing to do sick  watching Will &amp; Grace
Vacation ended early. Will have a news story posted soon. Will send the link asap. Fla. Turnpike was a mess today. 
Will I be able to take my bike tomorrow? Forecast doesn't look good 
Ella, our dog, has been limping from front right leg. Think it's her ankle. Any thoughts? Will go to vet tomorrow.  - http://twurl.nl/ ...
@Anthonyyyy Oh no! Will you be getting it back? 
Watching the Any Dream Will Do finale, but none of them are any good. 
Ok this Is becoming an every day thing ... Will I ever be able to fall asleep at a normal hour 
Sorry for all the beladed replies!  and sorry that all my updates have bin all about following @ peterfacinelli.Will do something new soon
In School Haha :p Technology  Will Twitter Later People xx
Car in for ore mot service. Expecting an expensive bill 
@glenofimaal No insects! Just greeny-grey leaves. Will bring a sample to 3 Cos tomorrow. I am such a failure   but flower baskets are OK
@Schofe Bet you haven't found anyone who's scared of hedgehogs yet? You have now! Shouldn't have admitted that. Enimies may send me one 
@Schofe Bet you haven't found anyone who's scared of hedgehogs yet? You have now! Shouldn't have admitted that. Enemies may send me one 
Now broke my theme trying to sort it out  Have reverted to my old theme. Will sort out later. Nostalgia? - http://bit.ly/uByYX
@twihaiku Chastity Bono / Will you still sit down to pee? / Goodbye vagina 
Rhiannon's grade 8 baseball tournament in Jordan today. Ack! Brings back bad memories of being picked last.  Should be a great day tho'..
Packing has finally commenced. Feeling a bit sad about leaving the house. Will miss my housemates 
@edbretten aaarrrggghhh! We are denied access to YouTube at my work! Will have to wait until I get home this evening   brill song though
Overslept and missed my morning workout.  Should be fun to force myself later!  I don't even have the motivation to shower  (but i will)
Chastity Bono / Will you still sit down to pee? / Goodbye vagina 
Will I get chosen for Online Create Beta? Probably not. Checked e-mail but no &quot;playstation&quot; notification 
I lost my copy of LOTR  Will I ever finish that book? 
@PopJudaica I could not find the list when my SIL asked for it almost 2 years ago    Will see what she found back at the time.
My macbook's charging chord stopped working. Will have to use my iphone for mail/surf until I get a replacement  .  Stupid apple support
Will miss Joelly. Kinda got used to seeing her everyday for two weeks. 
Will we have a thunderstorm tonight? If so, no Soccer for us... 
@Diamondbackbike Does Trevor still work there, he hasn't returned my emails 
Spent today in head office working. Will do half a day tomorrow too. Legs tired. 5th floor flat. 
Left Coal at the vet, needs to be sedated for x-rays   Will pick him up later today 
@OfficialRandL Will deadmau5 clash with Radiohead? 
@alluredegrace But I still need you to take care of my doggy!   Will you still be &quot;practicing&quot;?  Either way, margaritas are in order soon!
@squarespace Will it beme, I've put a $200 bet on that it won't be. Either way I lose  #Squarespace
@Mariafh Maria.. No luck with RS.. yet... Lots of other mags, but not that one..Will try to remember Borders at work tomorrow.. sorry.. 
Will be out of town for the next week. Won't be updating.   Direct message me if you need assistance.
@Real_DavidCook I loveeeeeeee youuuuuu xD Will u ever read this and write me back?  jejeje (I'm not crazy by the way...just in case!!! )
Will probably be late to Sponsorship meeting. 
Such an epic fail the day I get all the money together to go to apple my rocking chair breaks. Should I get it fixed of go to apple 
@Will_the_Thrill we didn't mean to, we just ganged up on her in trivial pursuit jr edition and she got upset.  lol i feet bad
Federal Student Loans are retarded. Stupid PIN number didn't work.  Will be living in Dillon 116 on August 29.
@jerrykennedy I live in the middle of Montana -  no Asian store for wrappers. Will have to mail order
@Shamakazi Sorry, but she is wearing the wrong shoes today  Will try again tomorrow
@andytinoco :O! Damn! Will we never drink together 
Shoulder still seems to be partly in spasm.  Ouch.  Will have to ice it again at lunch to see if that helps. 
Waiting for katy! I hate waiting. Should have left later! 
Had a good time at #CGMnight, though I probably shouldn't have gone. Feeling worse today.  Will have to miss Tokyo Hackerspace tonight.
Shockwave player crashed, all loading videos failed.  Should be tidying room instead still on computer. YEY for freedom
I can't decide if 120 pages | 60 back2back is enough for chen? Should I use the full 240 that's 120 back2back  golly.
The sun is out, the 'Fro is flowing free.  Should be out having fun but alas, one is stuck in the lib-ra-ree 
Starting on 2 bk-2-bk meetings - Groan!! Will do my scary coff version 3.1 n kill them all 
Its too damn early to be awake. The baby stayed up late. Shouldn't he sleep in? 
Getting packed to fly home tonight.   Will miss having a good time with the 2 boys.   Been a great two weeks!
What happened to my photo on TweetDech? It's gone! Will it ever return? All because I was trying to fly the green. 
@swikey Aww shucks. Will YT na lang. 
@stevewhit It was just a guess  Will chat to the care guys tomorrow and see what they think - did MTN check the battery?
@MGiraudOfficial Ok so now my English is slipping &quot;We still deserve...&quot; not Will     
@IrishLad585 I'm with someone else, who's making me get rid of a vehicle  I had to walk out! Should hv went to Auction Direct.
Will I ever learn to remember when my watched items end on eBay? 
@missjeffreestar What did you do to break your arm?  Will you come to Norway after releasing your CD? &lt;3
@Rebecca1158 Oh no  Will say a prayer for him.
I am the last person to figure out people are greening their avatars in sympathy with Iran events. Will stop commenting on new avatars. 
Will miss my bro and Georgia this summer 
Will I EVER complete any collection?! I still need 1 rare coin, 1 uncommon and 1 rare photo, 3 rare twigs, 2 uncommon and 4 rare bugs. 
Have fun at Feltchat girls, can't follow  Will read FFs during the downtime, see you after it or tomorrow  Hugsss
Blistered soles of feet with so much walking. Will need major gym time after this trip. 
@DeeRiley I still don't know. Have to use to pay bills. Will have to see what else comes in bt now &amp; then.  I kind of doubt it tho.  
A seemingly impossible amount of work to do around here tonight. Should probably start by getting off the computer. 
I'd really like to be enjoying the cool weather on the deck but I'm feeling so itchy.    Benadryl?  Will mean early sleepies.
@fritzg I just tried to find @tweetdeck via iPhone app store. Will try later. If it has groups I may change. Hear that @tweetie 
Went to see Land of the Lost with Will Farrell.....  A dish better served with Alcohol no doubt.....  
@NanaLori They were right.I am  unimpressed with Will Farrell's movies lately, but this one is not worth the time space continuum... 
I'm so tired. Shouldn't have stayed up all night. 
jennifer weiner, some tylenol and bed. My tummy hurts  Will do more work and invitations tomorrow.
Failed my WOF. Will cost me $220. Exams looming. No study so far. Work tonight. No money, candy or time to spare. Bad day, 
Picked up Edge 200 over lunch. Haven't opened it yet so I don't know what the cover is. Hoping it's a C64-era cover. Will probably not be 
Tomorrow should be an awesome day! Will be the Class of 09.  
@lebout Should be here?! Some can see it and some can't....don't know 
Off to gym, so much to do but can't accomplish all.  Should never have waisted yesterday and all the other days...
Will need to rush home after work. Thinking of goin for a 15 mins jog at the nearby park. These fats are killing me! 
Finished the final episode of The Wire at half 2 this morning.  Will miss it like no other. 
Exam approaching rapidly, should not be Twittering! But here I am  Will get there in the end!
My MBP refused to start yesterday morning. Will probably take a week until I get it back from the repair shop. 
Have resigned myself to the fact that there is just no formula in Excel for what I want to do with my text. Will have to do it manually 
@karljb74 going to Fethiye, looks really nice. Mum is having kids, but is now on hols for 1st 4 days of our hols! Will have to ask ex 
@Singinsusie I have tried several times but it won't seem to upload and have no idea why! Will persevere. Sorry to hear about car 
@hanamaha I knew it! Sam &amp; Poh... Could just tell. That's so sad.. 
@JonathanRKnight I love ur direct honesty &amp; ur no BS tweets. Will miss the chance to talk to u in Oz...hope we will meet in the future.. 
@thomas_paul Sorry, don't use it, it is for 3G S iPhones, not 3G or 2G... Will have to wait a bit longer... 
@Flowers24Hours Looks like I will have to purchase my own  Should be an interesting look for the office. 
Will traffic levels ever come back to normal? Very unlikely. Caught in heavy Bangalore B2B traffic 
Is STILL waiting for his book to arrive.      Will work on my Tao of patience
I want a PEN.  Will you get me one?
Some people saying on the net that UK release of OS 3.0 will now be 6pm  Dammit! Will be in work
Some people saying on the net that UK release of OS 3.0 will now be 6pm  Dammit! Will be in work http://bit.ly/5yxkz
@cocuck65 Doing well. Have several meetings today. First one in 40 minutes. Will keep me away from here for a while. 
@TIBlockhead Hey there!  So good to see you again on Sat!  I wish I was going to more shows... No more for me.   Will have to liv thru u!
@simplyucreation @byyoursideatl Will miss guys all at the Palomar lunch today 
Supposedly Clinton was the first &quot;Black President.&quot; Will Obama be the first &quot;Gay President.&quot; Does not look good right now! 
Went home during lunch to gt the iPhone 3.0 update; was not available yet  Will have wait till 5:30 now
@chiarraigrrl Ta chick. Will have a gander if I ever get out of this office! 
@guitarplyr  Will you get a new one by Carnage time?
Nope, won't update  I'm off for a bath. Will try again later
@Roy_Thomas Will do, last attempt failed again   Oh well, and the funny thing is my housemate works at apple, I must tell him off 
Arrgh 3.0 updates have crashed! Will have to wait till tomorrow....  xx
@garykendall Will you please grab my broom and UPS it back to 45069? Thanks! 
@natasharamsey Luv the book read it 15yrs ago. Should go back 2 reading, again, my short attention span got the better of me 
Attempting to mix EVS_055 with no headphones. Old cans broke, and im also fucking broke. Will be interesting to see how this turns out 
@chaoticbarb I am stumped.  Should rewatch the video! #fitfam #bluebox
Looks like the issue is with the way Mobile Safari now handles captive portals. Will test tomorrow. WiFinder no longer works either 
@TCGO1974 I'm glad life is going well for you! I can't believe I haven't seen you since AP Tour in CT.  Will you be at Warped??
Will be back on Wed. 
Listening to the new music and then going to watch Will &amp; Grace which always makes me laugh lol...Ugh i have to wake up early tomorrow! 
@yvorockstar I am THERE! (but I don't think KP will be  Will I see you?!!! Noon? Awesome!
CrossFit for BBBS was good, not as big a turnout as I was hoping for tho'  Will have to do another one...  http://tinyurl.com/ns5yvz
Crap! Should I refridgerate all my films?  @unklehefe when I leave for my trip I can't do that
I watched 7 Pounds today. SO SAD!! I loved it though. It was pretty neat. Ya know... the last few Will Smith movies I sawed were sad 
E-mail Marketing: Forrester Says It Will Double in 5 Years http://adage.com/u/OK5ywb  How much more spam can we stand? 
Successfully cleared out wardrobe. Reclaimed coat. Didn't find green skirt or blue sock though  Will have to keep looking!! Suitcase: 13kg
@intanzie your hard disk is w/ me. Will give it to u next time we meet k? Too bad we can't go out tomorrow  oh well~
Just waved Will off on his long trip to Kent. Exciting for him. Tears for mum! 
I have a rubber donkey on my bed. Should i phone the pet detectives ? 
iPhone order FAIL as apparently my address doesn't exist  It's quite literally a postcode lottery with this stuff. Grr. Will try again.
Raining harder, DD got up on her own, excited about the field trip. Will be *very* disappointed if postponed. 
bad idea running the script on my laptop, takes so much CPU it's hard to read mail :s Will abort and retry on another machine soon... 
I've just broke my fingernail off now. Shouldn't have been let out the house today 
@WarnerCrocker This validates that you were mistaken in buying music from them in the first place. I did too.  Will you buy from Amazon?
A/C is cranked up in the office today... it's like a meat locker in here. Should have brought a sweater. 
@MyHeritageUK Well I can get some money off, but not enough to make it worth buying a 3GS. Will have to wait a while. 
@misseunice22 Eh none eh.  Will you watch?
@th3k1m Will you be able to stop by sbux either tom or sat? Maybe b4 I start or on my 1/2 around 6pm? I close both nights I start at 2ish 
I'm gonna have to stop ripping my CDs into MP3s at 192kbps.  Will Kid Creole cheer me up? http://is.gd/15f7e
Awww, Barney died.  Will miss you forever my little brick of love! http://tinyurl.com/meatgf
Will be at the Blackfield Festival (http://twurl.nl/zhbbpe) this weekend. Still have a long way to drive today 
@brandonleblanc Will the Springboard Series Roundtable be available for on-demand streaming later on? I'm going to miss it due to work 
Train delays and a USB stick full of evening work . Will be a fun night 
@jayegan I'd quite like a profile pic with a driver, a trophy, or Ross! Will need Dutch courage. Will prob only get Nick Fry! 
Ive totally given up on FFE! Will try L8er 
@CookingMyLife Will do. I LOVE Penzey's - sad the mag is gone.  Hopefully, someday then will be able to bring it back.
@dadjanin I can't go! I might have the flu. Will text Kai later 
Double shift at work. On my way home. Will I still have time to sleep? I still don't know what to pack for BKK 
the woman talking on the @waff48 video is not very entertaining. Should have had Brad 
@sparkspace I'll be out of town  Maybe next week...? Will you do it again?
Lost calculator  texted a few people to ask for one!! Nearly packed now!! Will do rest tomorrow!! Byee x
Oh soooo much rain!!!! Will NYC ever see a blue sky again and will we ever have a summer cuz I really like summer, I miss it 
Fine! Will just work late &amp; take later train. Argh. Missing @motivationmama class 
Excited about #ATB tomorrow at Pasha!!!!!!!  Wooo! Will be rollin with cane though.  #nyc hahaha
@belladesign Will everything be done on 7/17, like flowers too? Cuz we can't do 7/18. 
@trixie360 well the code I won last night still does not work and it says its been used already. Should I keep trying, even though i won 
@savvybride - Seizures suck  Sorry to hear about your sister. Will be thinking of her and sending positive thoughts.
Leaving my childhood home is finally getting to me. Will. Not. Cry. 
House is too quiet w/o kids here  Will see them tomorrow  Taking sons 2&amp;3 to the Dr :-\ Going to Son #1's Award thing @GA Tech 
House is too quiet w/o kids here  Will see them tomorrow  Taking sons 2&amp;3 to the Dr :-\ Going to Son #1's Award thing at GA Tech 
Will be back soon...have reached my API limit  
@ThomasHensel  Will email you right now while I'm thinking about it. I'll try and be as descriptive as possible.  Really hard to descr ...
Man, I need tungsten gels and shade gels for this gig on saturday. Should I just bite the bullet and buy a SB-900 too? 
@tommytrc Very sad. He was even wearing a helmet, in the middle of the day. Will have to wait to hear what happened. A worry to riders. 
Come backkkkk  I hate when Will leaves. Sleepy time!
@ButterFlySexi Hi..You only need $15 for the movies..lol Will chat soon ok. I am so bored and will be by myself on Sat night.. 
@ElizabethJoan Oh, what happened? Will he not answer? 
a new adventure with Jen and Fiia! Should be fun, though no twittering for 2 days 
Will not be going to Singapore 
So ready to go home. Flight delayed out of Ithaca due to fog. Will likely miss my connecting flight.   Just want to go home!
Was hoping I'd be allowed carry my guitar onboard the flight to Munich but no such luck. Will be on tenterhooks now till I get it back 
99% of the boxes are emptied...the house is finally getting back in order. Time to start outside, it's just so hot! Should be 100F+ today 
@LauraAloise hahahaha yes. Should we die my hair back? i feel like we should...i miss the darkness  miley is totally stealing my thunder..
Cutting the apron strings tomorrow. Sigh. Driving big kid to his new place of employment in Nova Scotia. Will try not to cry. I said try. 
Will spend the whole day in the school. Really looking forward to ''Rock die Schule''  Why does it rain outside? 
Will be worried about poor Simon until we get there. 
New iPhone today. Will be trying to get one.. Hopefully. Most likely not though.. 
@Fanny_Ingabout Will try hard not too 
is annoyed that the murderous villain Diego got out and is killing chipmunks and bringing them to me.  Will his ruthless killing ever end?
Bah!  It seems the more that @topwebcomics gets done, the less that I do.   Will breakfast burrito lift my spirits?  We'll see!
Will never understand...BFG @ 2:30... I hope Henry feels better 
Very disappointed, Christmas is ruined, Preordered my iphone from stupid ATT over a week ago.  Will not get for 1 to 2 weeks more 
@BIGGC_ Awww thanks!!! Have a hug...actually dont..I have germs    Will do and I owe you! (IOU)!!
Drove Zoe today. Driving in Boston will surely give me a heart attack. Heart raced the entire time. Will likely sell her soon. 
One of my followers has locked her account and locked me out     Should I be offended?
off to an(other) apartment showing. Still waiting on NB rentalsman's ruling on the situation. Will blog about it once it's resolved. UGH! 
Ready to watch HAMLET! Would be amazing appart the fact that will be in the UERJ's theatre! I don't wanna back college 
Ready to HAMLET! Would be so fucking awesome appart the fact that will be in the UERJs theatre! I wont back college one more time today 
@MySpyderWeb Haven't had a chance to scrub it yet.    Will find out tonight!
@vlad259 You're not wrong Matt. Dad has tried to remove it, but it's too close to my eye. Will need to wait for ointment to work. 
American mate in bed as I have to get her back to the airport in six hours. It's been a week already.  Will see her again in 5 months.
Not bad. One bar of signal out in the forest. V sad not to have Champ here. Will miss my friend. Archie has cast a shoe so no riding 
@teesed Hahahahahahahah!  LOVE it!  Will buy one for myself ... erm ... when i sell summat. 
At Arianna's dance recital. Been here since 5. Will be out by 9:30. 
@GJinkieZ Boo!! Just read your email. Will WB soon! I wish I was there!  Don't mix reds and whites, k? Miss and love u!! xoxoxo
At the AT&amp;T store ordering my 3GS. Will take up to 14 days!!! Bugger! Will be after my Bday! 
Is really sad to have missed leaving drinks for @davelewistwit &amp; Beth! Would have been a better night than I've had! 
In really deep for the calorie count tonight. My new &quot;diet&quot; isn't going as well as planned. Will have to burn 900+ calories tonight! 
OK, there is a tweet fail. Will investigate tomorrow. Sorry Texas girls.  I am sad.
@shmazma   I think it's just going to be the 3 of us this time...Will, Mandy and myself. Sorry and I hope u understand? 
Will be going to bed soon. Have to work tomorrow 
@Nethershaw Would midweek be an option? Otherwise Dan says first gathering will be going over this stuff. What's the conflict for Sat? 
Josh...... Can you send me yours and missys numbers cause i lost all my contacts 
Okay all.  Going to go to bed now and have sweet dreams of our guys! Driving home tomorrow  Will post pics soon.
This makes me sad!  http://www.nbc.com/Will_&amp;_Grace_Finale/downloads/wgf_wallpaper_1024x768.jpg
This makes me sad!  This makes me sad!  http://www.nbc.com/Will_&amp;_Grace_Finale/downloads/wgf_wallpaper_1024x768.jpg
@danlarsen Oh no, I think I did!! Not near a computer. Will take care of soon 
Debating updating youtube right now. Forgot to plug mic in, so recorded a video with no voice. Will have to go-over it tomorrow. 
Sorry I left hun, was rushed out before I could reply again to let ya know...  Will talk again tho' when ya wanna chat. ;) @M_B_C_FEEHILY
Went to school but soon found out that the bookstore is closed.  Will I be able to buy uniform at all?
Will someone send me a message, I think my Tweet is on the fritz  testing it out
@chillybreck OMG that's a long day  Will wave to you later as I take son to cinema. Will stop off &amp; stock up (cinema way too expensive)
Fear Factory is aparently touring Australia in August. Why then? Will they tour Japan 
Will not join Archaeo2 Field Trip 
Okay, I'm going to go eat something. Will work on #novelrace again when @msnarain is back. I suck at CSS 
Turns out the pink spots on my body are vasculitis! Ooh er. Will prob have to stop the arthritis meds 
@theute thanks on my way back to Grenoble already as I need to be there whenever my bag arrives... Will probably stay at a hotel tonight. 
@ChristopherUK oh shi.... (that's a no)  sorry. Will get my arse in gear and send it ASAP.
Need to discuss with the hubby a night out tonight..Jacq &amp; Justin will be in Dubai. Will most probably have to be some other night though 
@Will_Lynch damn, vid's gone   see you soooooooon!!!
Aww Ruby is going home today.  Will miss her loads 
@pinkfan1 I wish! But unfortunately I can not.  Will be in NZ
Feeling very alone and wanting Will so badly. Stupid cricket 
-Will be a bit late  as I have to change train in Leiden // This won't be a lucky afternoon / evening...-
Good morning guys. Will the sun ever shine again in NY? 
Desk chair and bed are both trashed. Will be sitting on an ottoman and sleeping on the carpet until I win the lottery. 
@DisciplineCC hope you feel better  Car accidents stress me out! In a week get a massage in! Will help the little tears in your muscles.
@DisciplineCC hope you feel better  Car accidents stress me out! In a week get a massage in! Will help the little tears in your muscles.
Just got back from practice.  Ugh.   Will would not stop laughing at me.  
http://twitpic.com/7wt8m - Red Robin! But not eating there  Will have to go to Rkfd
Soggy soggy NYC today.  Will it ever stop raining here?! 
Just returned 2 Kigali w/ 2 more witnesses - genocidaires  Will interview in A.M.
@sfoshee1 Owner Will Greene said on WSB that he hopes he has enough insurance to rebuild, but he just sunk $750,000 into renovations 
Sudden urge to go to the bookstore. Unfortunately,won't reach it before it closes  Will have to cope with available books.
Enjoying an after dinner at some friends. Always good to share some good moments! Will be dearly missed when we move to Sing! 
@aurora7 That sucks, how are you going to buy me a present now?  Bum some money off Will, or something!
Actually thinking about selling some of my pre preggo clothes - all size 3 to 6.   Will be posting on Craigslist and DS if interested.
Went out to xs got per hammered, fun night! Will do again soon.... Like today soon 
@christinielsen Will do. I love the project. Too swamped to take part  but the work is ace.
thinks it sucks but I can only get in touch with people via my cell.  Don't bother with fb/myspace messages.  Will miss Epic tomorrow 
Getting libby's with Sabrina. Could really go for a canoli or lemon cake but those plans got busted. 
Uh oh. Grandma Ruby (98) fell down when playing bags... Headed to the hospital! Will keep you posted, she says she's ok but sore 
GRRRR MSN is being a fucking gimp!! Will not let me sign in! Proxy is offline or some shit, yet internet is fine!  #angrytweet !! lol
Will be all alone on my birthday now. Yay? Thanks heaps for that, mum 
Will be computer-less for almost 2 weeks while my Dell gets sent in and fixed 
About to head to bookshop cafe - not going to be the same without Michelle  ... Will be good to catch up with fuzzy though..,
Back pain is not responding to medication. Will have to go to Dr. next week. 
Why Will Smith?!  Why must you make me cry?  
I want Buffy...  Should I just watch season 3 now or wait till I've seen all of season 2?
Will seriously, never have another ABC shot again. My throat is completely fucked, sound like a man 
will Derek ever learn that it's nice to spoil the wife on her bday? Will someone please teach him? No cake, no ice cream, not even a card 
@JerZmusic Be there soon, cravin' Katsuya and a In&amp;Out burger  Will hit u up, did u retire that sidekick? Lmaoo
@MOCAShop Wow, normally a Ferrell fan. This makes me sad.  Will wait for the DVD where I won't waste &gt;$4. Thx for the heads up.
Relaxing evening with the hubby . . . watching a movie, cuddling . . . and he fell asleep   Should I wake him up?
Will itunes ever stop deleting stuff of your iphones/ipods without confirming first? Cause I really really want it to 
Cat's right eye looked horrible when we got home this evening.  Will be going to vet eventually.
@xRomanesque lol sometimes its hard to tell if its really the celeb, but i do know that @therealwill isnt really Will Smith 
@derring1 she left just before I came back. You're right though, I miss my Will  Didn't get to talk to him yesterday either!
Feels sick. Shouldn't have eaten so fast. 
Damn..couldn't go to Will's Party 
Still awake. Should probably go to bed. With nothing for Pastor Ken.  I'll be in tears tomorrow. &lt;/3
I hate it when you're uploading video and it's taking a long time - not sure if it's working. Should i start over? Be patient? 
@JonathanRKnight Will it ever stop raining heheh Rine rain go away already 
Staying at a friends house for a few days. My room must be at least 80 degrees.   Will be a long couple of nights.
@crissangel Chris i was at your 7 o clock show tonight in the first row. Huge fan but dissappointed in Believe. Did not seem like you 
Yup, still awake. Its 5am. Will check out sleeping pills tomorrow. 
I need a Vacation!! A few weeks off from d daily hustle and bustle. I want 2 go 2 GOA and Kerala too  .Will think until it bcoms a reality
wasting time, bored... Should study but really don't feel like it 
@sujokat I do want to go next year.  Will depend on how it falls with hols and all that stuff. Denver not the most exciting place to go 
i made pizza instead of noodles... nauseous... Should have eaten noodles  
@carambs Eeeeehhhh?!?!?! I didn't see the Choco Chip! D: Would have traded one of my half baked for that. 
Still no ep. 10? Aww  Will watch it tomorrow na lang, if school works allow me to. Damn~
My bed is so blissfully comfy. Will have the best nights sleep in months I feel! Pity I can't sleep in 
Will it EVER stop raining ?   
Will the movie Street Dreams become a worldwide show? Please make it global! I wanna watch it badly 
Just finished Scrubs Series 8. A bit if a tear jerker in all fairness. As @cos1042 &amp; @studarby will agree, fond memories. Will be missed 
@chucklasker @GStephanopoulos show this morning was interesting. George Will can't honestly believe what he's saying about US healthcare 
See this sucks, without going into either city I can't get hold of the audiobooks locally!  ilkeston fails! Will have to Internet buy.
@jitterbug70 Darn!  Will only have 1 chance then.  Will give TM a trial run tonight
There are just sooo many articles to write. Goldie, missed you alr! Should have just go eat with you n xiaocui!  - http://tweet.sg
Will someone please tell me little prezzie i can get for Rochelle!..she's the hardest one! I cannot think!  .....???
To steal an @unarocks phrase: Crysies! Turned on tea-drenched netbook &amp; keyboard ain't working. Will turn it off &amp; try again tomorrow 
@Alberrtt Dudeee, I'm gonna miss it because I have to go shopping for camp stuff.  Will you update mee? and is there re-runss?
Feels Poo And wants a big hug off Will 
@SAngelloLIVE Will u b at pacha next mon? It says on the site you're not!!  GUTTED!!!! Oh well may just have to stay an extra week!
GF's stomach has been hurting all day now and getting worse. Will take her to the Dr tomorrow. Probably gastroenteritis 
You kno whats hilarious? My stuff is already kinda packed... Will you guys PLEASE make the end of August come quicker? I dont like Nevada 
@HappyAllDays Don't know.  I tried to negotiate for thursday but they wouldn't budge.  Should have just taken a vaca day and gone 
I downloaded TwitterBerry but don't have time to play with it at work  Will have to wait until later.
@SouthwestAir Ouch! Would love to register, but it's a bit pricey   Will there be similar ones in the future?
Trying to keep up with the Perez/Will i am fued   xxxx
Just recieved a new shipment of Tool Magic.  Price has gone up  Will upload to the web when the new silver beads arrive (soon.)
Heading off to work soon.  Shouldn't be too bad, but I'm not sure if my boss will let me use my mp3 player like he used to.  
@pinwingirl Thanks. Left work lunchtime as too washed out from earlier illness to do much. Better now, just ironing. Should mow lawn too 
@KYellowFarm Oh no!  Will be thinking of you, hope it goes well.
attempted to book Zorbing, but it wouldn't let me  So I left them a voicemail. Will try again tomorrow.
@QueenSapphyre No I'm the worst  Will try l8r, promise. I just got back myself, didn't see anything. Stay cool!
@Claudia_Writes Doesn't seem to help much. I just took the 6th of the day.  *hugs back*
Will Grayson, Will Grayson is being published by Penguin...  ... has to wait for it to come out...
@KimKardashian Kim, you beautiful creature, you still like Perez after he called Will.I.Am a faggot? 
@Jaynecollinsmac I love The Saturdays!! Should of been seeing them tonight but couldnt make it! Gutted! 
oh, I hate losing things. My mobile has fled! Will schlep all the way back to Manchester tomorrow to hopefully be reunited 
Maggi at 1:30 in the morning. Last time I guess. Will miss hostel 
does anyone love Will &amp; Grace as much as i do? p.s. big rigg shouldnt have gotten eliminated 
@A11woman Oh...  May need to do a different picture soon anyway. Will give camera to 4 year old tomorrow...
Will crawl into bed now - have Prop exam I tomorrow - wish me good luck! I will need it 
Insomniac. Shouldn't have drunk coffee at 18:30 
Leaving for States in 5 hours. Will miss SG &amp; my people here 
@igor_TX thanks!  I'm an 1/2 hour away from a library   Will check google news, didn't think of that!  Appreciate the pointers. #hhrs
@paulbalcerak Will miss you at The Pitch. 
Saw a friend today who proudly showed me her new Macbook Pro - Very nice  Do I want one...oh yes.  Will I get one...doubt it 
@Denyalle Already put some!  Will take them off! LOL
C'mon, c'mon...Jeopardy starts in a minute!!    Why do I like Jeopardy and hate bar trivia??  Could probably make money in the latter...
@dottiebobottie  I'm so sorry. Losing the last grandparent is a tough one...is she back East? Will you be able to visit her?
@ichibankan So sad!!  Will definitely miss you, there still aren't any decent shops near me   Have to put in at least 1 more order...
@xxxkrisanthony Hey.  Falcon cancelled shoot, still in SF.  Will have to reschedule with Clive 
Grandkids coming over in morning.Will be wonderful to spend time with them.Papa misses his babygirl 
@itchdesign Tried to get in Milk a while ago with no luck. Will see where it is at. Milk Japan very hard. All JP mags hard for us to get 
Oh great, so looks like I'm not getting paid for last month after all. Shouldn't have got my hopes up 
*sigh* Will &amp; Grace..... I miss my bookie!!! 
I had two somewhat smallish glasses of wine between 7:00 and 11:00 tonight. Now my head is aching. Should I give up wine all together? 
@thomasdurden hey Thomas quick question. Will there be any new Razia's Shadow merch online at some point? I wasnt able to catch the show 
Still melting. Ice cubes on my face. Will never sleep 
@Parasuram No TV for me Parsu  . Will be back home, to see a cracking final,hopefully, Fedex to beat Murray in five
Not feeling 100% today.  Played basketball, though, ate Mexican food going to play a little TF2. Drawing more later. Will post works soon.
Heading to Europe in &lt;12 hrs. Will miss @PerezHilton for 2.5 wks  How will I survive?? @britneyspears best not have drama with me gone!
Will &amp; Grace isn't on 
Am i the only sausage Supporting brazil tonight? Will i be Stoned at the stadium? 
Tired. Body ache and head ache. Lying down. Will get up in sometime and start workin on my TP Act assignment 
@missmei Is Bold not good!?  Should I have gone curve?? Argh.
Just another day as it comes. Should i go see transformers 2 because almost everyone says its bad only some say its good.  ??
The Potential has officially left for the Summer!  lol not God's Will just yet I guess. Soon see!
Will the illusive NYC sun rear it's head as predicted?  From the looks of it I say NO, please prove me wrong. 40 something days of rain 
Woke up a little later than origianlly planned. Will need to trim total body weight workout. And it's my favorite lately. 
Crap. I think I spent too long in the cold. Ear is not feeling so great. Will not be happy if it gets another infection. 
Waiting to get Lab work done for Doctor. Should have been here earlier. It is going to be awhile. 
@Les_Lie I know, I know. Will have to hit a clinic after work. 
Enjoying the lovely morning.  Expecting our daily thunderstorm this afternoon.  Just in time for sailing.  
@nancykohler Luckily, not much DC scene to distract Feds. I liked watching him play. Will miss him. Damn Russians breaking up my team. 
feels regret now. Shouldn't have promise to work  http://plurk.com/p/13xa7h
Will really no one visit me in Manchester? Even if I have a super swanky pad? 
Next is Gljufura on July 2nd. Was a week too early in Andakilsa  Will try again later this summer elsewhere. All gear in perfect order!
@1capplegate We will watch your last episodes for sure  So sad your show is cancel  We loved Sam Who Will you be doing another show???
Transformers 2 was pretty cool... Couldn't see Isabel Lucas as anything but 'stupidflowerbitchfromH&amp;Awhogetsimpregnatedbyevilcult' though 
@Dr_Alli Will Jack EVER die?! He's defied death more times than I can count...dude's got more lives than a cat, lol. 
@Cath_B  No didn't know he was here. Will do now  Is he real though? Lots of fakes about
@nicolerichie Yes i remember that band, It was Awesome, Will you please reply 
@Willie_Day26 doing this damn outline for a script! Smh, hella  time consuming. Shouldn't you be taking advantage of some REST, perhaps? 
Traffic is hell in Athens. Should I quit job to find one closer to home ? 
@leslie_nassar Hey, I didn't say I would eat them  aren't they like an inside-out pizza? Will my local Coles stock them? Important Q's.
@wenlock Thank you! Will try to take you up on that offer soon 
@pmerric Will chk them out today, looking forward to their interview too. I think u r going great! Most imp.ly, it for a great cause 
Will not be going to Nottingham today so no book browsing. boo. Had lovely delicious dream though so will console myself with that 
Will Chidambaram ask for other shoe? Already he got one. 
@mikecj Will do! Thanks for reminding me - certainly helps with the teamwork aspect  Lol - loved the bra size comment. That cracked me up!
@SaifSiddiqui Just found a rusted paw print on the lane. Will just give it a quick clean. Or say its broken and buy some extension track 
@smccarron Cool, well done. I'll have to check it out. Will definitely consider it a look for the next project 
@sk8mate coffee mmm lol  I'm coming to the one tmrw! Will you be doing Bolero? cos i asked the DOI site and they said its a secret  xxxx
Tapas at Trevelez !! Will post photo via wifi later. Warm and sunny legs not too tired surprisingly 
All engines are go :-D Will be interesting to see where uSchoolme goes. Just remember it all started here 
Lunchtime.. then out all afternoon &amp; evening.  Will be back tomorrow - meantime, enjoy your day 
If you are reading this. Shouldn't you be doing some work 
@jowyang Now that is funny..  Should make many people think..
Will be wildcrafting wild edibles, scouting for fish and playing in/beside/around the amazing Salmon river. Woohoo!! 
That picture will have to do for now...Will be home in Socal tonight! 
@theDebbyRyan Does Brenda Song have a twitter or are they fakes? or do you not know?  :-D :-P
@Will_Chandler sigh imma miss watchin my knicks play =/ don't worry I have faith next season we in there!! 
Will never eat from Fat Franks again! and is looking forward to the basement being done 
Will start writing an Assassin's Creed review soon. Probably after finals. 
Its a beautiful in the neighborhood, a beautiful day neighborhoood. Will u be mine, won't be u b mine? Won't u be my neighbor... 
@ddlovato Will u come in france too? PLEASE COMEEEE ! So many fans here 
@nancysnegron Great! I will check it out on Monday. Let's conference! Will email in the AM. Must take a few hours off and enjoy weekend 
Will be giving up lovely new keyboard soon to the MR.. @bobbroughton &lt;3 He is more addicted to twitter than me, I do believe! 
@BigBishop Man, too bad none of that stuff rubbed off on you  Will do.
Is home!! Watching Niley episodes on YouTube.. Please let me watch them in PEACE!!  Will there be another AYNIL?? NILEY!!?
@msonline_uk cool, I asked jase when it will be broadcast, but he said he's not sure. Should be pretty soon though 
Bummer. Missed the Aces. Will console myself at a D'Back game. 
Anyone for leftover pizza?  Nice weather= spontaneous picnic= less mess in the kitchen w00t!  Will come in for cake though #1mom12boys
@Congested_Chi See, literally is what I like - I find humour in that! Will look into it  Thanks!
@CandidCIO @curetonl Thanks Will!  (funny how, like funny strange?  Glad I can amuse 
@chefj2k Shouldn't be to long a wait..lol    it as a great set 
@bluapp Any way to resize the window of Blu at all? Will this feature come out soon? 
Watching Beer for my Horses. Should be in bed asleep. Excited about getting our wedding bands today. 
@DUSTINFRIEL Should you be off doing a poor job of &quot;Activing parenting&quot; and not bad-mouthing me?  
Has finished his night shift and is nw off to bed... Should i have a beer tho before hand? 
@danyeleg.  LOL...I will give you that moment.  Will still has movies to make me forget Seven Pounds...like I, Robot *maybe not* 
@gisellenguyen Awesome! Will discuss with journo society and let you know. 
Not dng much today. Will pop up to Waitrose for a sunday paper and a few things. Will then do Sunday lunch. Roast beef today 
About to leave wales. We have to be out of our little cottage by 10am. Should be home by 2 
morning  sowing more seeds today and finishing off my trailer/willow soaker. Talked to LOTS of interesting people yesterday. Will blog it!
@purplesparkle Morning Becky. Beautiful day today. Will weed the veg plot i think 
Going to germany for 2 days with BF  Will bring sketchbook.
@ID7 yep, I reckon 35hrs would be a bit optimistic. Should be a fun drive though 
@skr nah not filmed in IMAX afaik, unfortunately. Will ask around tomorrow and book 
@RayM_11 You betcha! Will there be audio of it posted somewhere? 
@TweetDeck Of course, now I *mention* it, it stops doing that behaviour...  Will report if it comes back.  
@murnahan Should provoke CNN in a Twduel to deliver only happy news - it's in fashion these days and it's a sure win 
going to church. braxtons coming over   Should be super fun!
@K0RCW Looks cool.  Will it handle 3 bottles?  Back gas &amp; 2 deco?  
Got a couple of photos of buck the weekend  Will post on Facebook tonight.
@Alejandrobot Ooh, I'll try that, thanks! ... Will the peas still be edible afterwards though? 
@mrsb1975 The Sun (in moderation) provides other benefits. Will be in the USA in a few weeks and will be in the south. Will tan then 
Waiting for the T to get to Fenway... Will Tweet game updates 
@thomsinger Of course!! OK...thanks! Will do 
@duffy_tweet Thanks for the advice!  Will stick to that! 
@DianaRusso  Be back soon I have dinner on table right now. Leah sent e-mail for me. Will sort it out soon lol 
@johncmayer what u still doin up mister? Shouldn't you be somewhere in between dreams? It might land you with enough ideas for a record 
@gracedent Thanks grace for the David mitchell Soapbox link. Didn't know it existed! 
@michaelgrainger lol, I know!  But I have an 11 year old who is holding me accountable. we're going to gym together too  Should be good 
@DianaRusso  Should be no problem for you .You are always flying around.lol 
@brushfire  Couldn't send a direct message since you are not following me. Your package will arrive tomorrow. Will Jack be there? 
@jonolim Sorry, I was not allowed to publish yet,  it was only for internal testing. A bit eager there. Will resend when ok. Stay tuned 
@LandersIE Fantastic! Will keep you informed  First two courses on here look pretty good: http://tr.im/jdV7
Feeling somewhat better but not going to work today.  Started a new blog. Will post the link later. Have big plans for the day. 
@otnaicus yes yes! Amen. Will catch it def!  ;)
@VisitTampaBay  Thank you!!   Will tweet from Italy for sure.
KLM is now following me on twitter  Should I mention that it have been 4 nice flights this weekend and that they have some cute stewardes?
@johnlacey Damn, I (secretly) love Stay With Me. Will be stuck in my head now 
I'm going to migrate my blog from Dreamhost to MediaTemple... Will be a slow process since I want to make it perfect, wish me luck 
Morning! Beautiful day and the little one has started full time school. Now I can spend much more time on Colourart  Will miss her though.
GTG. Will tweet back later. 
@belindaang Saw the fall in Oct so have to quickly think of alternative. Should walk out stronger when all these ends. 
Just wrote an epic essay for Philosophy class. Will share on my blog after submission date. 
@joannecapeling That sounds like my kind of diet. Does @IndiaKnight have a book out?  Will go and check Amazon   Thanks for the tip
Phuu, I just thought my VM with all my work in it crashed an could not be started anymore! Should really backup it more frequently! 
@natewhitehill thanks Nate, I did. Will await a reply. The learning curve moving to Wordpress is killing me!  Thank you-
@GeminiTwisted Too late....already on the way to loserville.   Will try again tomorrow. 
@Fenners Cool.    &quot;Will add you to we&quot; - okay, I know &quot;we&quot; refers to the account name, but &quot;to we&quot; still sounds funny coming from you.  
Well goodnight everyone.  Will be back tomorrow to give you all the latest and keep you up-to-date with True Blood. 
@MusicianGirl SWEET!  Will do 
@britbonsai I feel guilty if I relax 2 much! Downside of being s'employed! Will sit in sun with good book &amp; lunch tho  Have fun at shows
Too difficult to take pics as they are directly facing me! Will hopefully nab a few snaps afterwards. Very friendly guys 
@harrygep Will be epic (: So excited about it 
@skepticamp Oh, don't worry. There Will Be Tweeting.  #skepticamp #scoh09
First offical client iPhone app submitted and waiting for review  Will post link when live!. Hopefully cricket... http://ff.im/-2wn7w
Dad's wedding day. Will be hectic, but fun. Will update about it when I return home. Have a good day 
Is offffff now  Camping tonight with the girls including @Sarahx_x + @SophieLoves 8D Will be a blast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ExoticMoonflowr  Will you be there when i make it?  i can't wait to go to Berklee. Have a great day moon! (:
@HiToYou No - nor knee and elbow pads... did look for them but there were none. Will be top of the list next time we head to Argos, tho' 
just arrived at the friend's party. Booze are flowing. Will not drink. 
@RayOnativia Brilliant! Will do! 
@postsecret: Will 1(800)SUICIDE get that $1K? 
@SashaKane Will do! Hmm, MD a pretty state? It has it's pretty places... 
@murrayfortescue Cheers mate! Will do  Speak to you again soon.
@sharonhayes Sure thing... Should we start with Ustream &amp; blip channels or go big right out of the gate and buy a brick &amp; mortar?  #twittv
@RaviKapoor Who needs a doc, when you're here!   I'm gonna sleep soon. Will definitely let you know if that trip happens!
Will now leave the smoking lounge to board the plane. National writers workshop, *huff* here we go!  http://plurk.com/p/rhi4d
@Vane_DEW Will do. 
MFC was being extra lame tonight and once more I apologize my ass off to everyone. Will be back on tomorrow night. 
@Will_Graham_77 reason #888 then is dads embarrissing dance to #887!! and cajouling you into dancing to! ouch! 
@siphotwit Know what you mean, she was born with tons of hair so makes her look a bit older perhaps. Will find a photo 
@Wil_Anderson LOL Will, think twice before tweet  Once online - on forever
@DianaRusso  No Di I've been on a fair while today,Will soon be gone to watch cricket lol 
Watching Will and Grace with Curt  x
@lesley_simpson Iyah. Kasian kan. Hehehe. Enjoyed their pasta. Will definitely go again. Still got lots I want 2 try. 
@worthykay Yep - I think the quilt is a bit big to 'start' on - may have bitten off more than I can chew. Will keep playing - KISS it! 
@EMBlair You have a great day too! Will catch up later. 
I'm off  Will maybe tweet later...Bye!
I don't care what n e 1 says Will Smith rocked back n the day.  
@SSharon27 Should I set a notification so I get an SMS if you tweet? 
Gotta some new books on getting more energy.Physical&amp;mental.Very interesting.Will tweet helpful facts to help increase ur energy soon! 
Made it to Reston okay. Will be in the photo lab until 5P before heading to the church to pick up Jessye.  See you later!
About to leave to go back to Chicago.  Will be back and moved in on the 16th.  Don't miss me too much 
@Will_Howard haha you're twitter is making my day less stressful  I wish I had a funny story.
@PaulaAbdul Yes!! Will definately be watching! 
@CodyDaigle Hahahahaha. Will make sure u get the credit. It is &quot;catchy&quot; without a doubt 
@sunnymchao I fixed the DPI! Should work better on phones now. 
@celeb_assistant Will Do!! Thnx Babe 
@TimDisaster @ajp1369 Will do! Though it's not my turn to drive yet 
Blogging... Answers to some of the most frequented questions my inbox has received as of late!   Should be up within the hour...
@momfluential Ooohhh that's good that she's Olive at least.  Will help out a little.
@denicemoments not to worry. Surely at least 1 out of the 5 days la. Can can. Will lock it in my calendar!  Yippee!!
Good morning monsterworld: #edumedia09 is about to start! Will be really kewl. Be prepared for a Powerpoint Karaoke tonight! 
is using hotel's free wifi. Will now go out to roam around Naga  Sunny sunny day!
Laying in bed. Missing Zack. Should be sleeping. I'm so excited for my best friend! 
@andyclemmensen http://twitpic.com/4j63r - LOL...Does Shaun no u took this?? I guess he does now 
is watching old episodes of Will &amp; Grace! oh how this show still makes laugh! LOL 
@MrMaxROI Hey, it's good to see you here! Will now follow you. Would be nice to have a photo! 
@mariekehardy this will make you feel better. Will down a cocktail or 2 in your honour. Now get retorting  http://twitpic.com/4j91r
@lopezwilfred Yeah. Me too. Will lookout on your tweets too. Happy Tweeting 
@Samiyusuf : Sir ! Everything Will Be Great InShaa'Allah 
@BlondMobile not sure if i need to hear what VC's think.  There's been problems in their business models..  Will the momo thing be good? 
@Apachekiller Should I worry? 
@faceofboe Loved your running Trek film posts over the weekend. Will probably wait a few days to see new one, so no spoiler tweets! 
Done Jack in the Green today, it was good, a killer walking up the West Hill though! Listening to Will and the People 
@TweetPhoto Kewl Sounds good. Will wait for it. Thanks 
@iggypintado Thanks  Will Do 
@KenRamirez Hi Ken ... checking in quickly and checking back out. Will be around all day tomorrow tho if u need something 
Watching SNL  gahhhhh Will Forte is soooooo funty!!!
@penitch awwww..... thought it'd be a &quot;yummy&quot; experience.  Will try it next time. Kapag magkakasama ulet tayo nila Mapet ;-)
@katieinthehat The one and the same! Should be a good gig 
Oh. Now it doesn't need updating all of a sudden. Ok. Will get dressed anyway 
@jamsyyy @sheeradjafar My class will be at Chem Sc building. Will see the both of you after 5 yeah? 
@markveldhuis Thanks for this! Will give it a go. Didn't mind looking for fix, Firefox is much more stable 
FreeLife convention next week on the Gold Coast. Will be a heap of fun. So looking forward to it! 
My mom is here now to take over watching the kiddies. Great granny!   Nate better this morn! Yay! Will prolly be in hospital one more day!
@mmangen No probs, Sure Will 
@JimSutton5 Shouldn't that be &quot;fush&quot;? 
@BonesFan021 I don't have the link anymore.  Will you ask her to send it to me again.  Cleaned out my inbox and emptied trash can.  
@crazyjohnkerecz  I did!  Got a really pretty one here. http://bit.ly/xxrzS Didn't get to start my new series yet though. Will next week. 
@davidcarlton Glad I bought Alpha Centauri on eBay tonight.  Will be my first time playing it. ...Did I mention I'm lousy at 4X games?
3 surgeries scheduled for tomorrow morning. Should be fun 
@edoeding nah but i got a buddy who's a month ahead of me who's gonna start over and we'll hammer thru together. Should work 
Will be logging in to http://tr.im/CChastainExpThemes tomorrow. 9am Sydney time  Coffee + @cchastain ftw 
Will be sleeping with my Schmoooopsie Poo tonight 
@johnnybeane 'nite jellyBeane   Will check out Howie's glamourous pic 2morrow
No Knead Bread is in the oven baking. Will be ready for breakfast for my guests. 
Looks Like I Will Be Seeing Tori Amos In July 
Off to dream land. 6am will be here fast. Long day tomorrow in Miami! Will send updates....stay tuned my tweet peeps! 
@studioprisoner Will do, thats going to be a great 3 hours watching them all together. Your Lost parties sound fun. 
Writing: A Trip to Blogging Slums! Will be published after a month! We have stockpile of drafts and pending review posts! 
@KaiLoi VNV Nation - Illusion is totally a weeper! I will be seeing them live in a couple of weeks.  Will get my snivel on for you 
@doodlebug38 Excellent! Will look forward to the pics! 
Not long now until I meet The Inbetweeners.  Will keep you updated on how it went 
Will be posting his latest loop to YT!  Please check it out when I give the link!  THanks!
_@johanbergelin ok very true. Should have been starting to stop pimping 
Plane to barcelona 3 hours late. Thank god for the airport restaurant and its enormous breakfast buffet. Will land fat &amp; full in spain 
Will having singcham networking at MAC at 6.30pm sharp.. Pgn skalian mampir ktrnya icol dehh..  wanna catch up with britcham's workers..
Enjoy #sgtweetup people. Will follow you from the comfort of my bed.  Too sleepy.
Will be attending JavaZone this year! Wuhu 
is going to Rome, hoping the sun is shining over there  Will be back on monday...hopefully ;)
@phrozen755 don't think I've ever seen it. Will have to add to Netflix 
Short film contest for http://birthmattersva.org - watch and vote! http://bit.ly/10zGyv Should have included #birth tag 
Ooops. There's actually someone named 'at'uni on here. Didn't expect that. Will think before typing next time. sorry. 
@danzingdonny Thanks girl! Excited for SYTYCD this season! Will you be making any special guest appearances? 
is back in Madrid. Will be watching a play later 
Just had internal demo of some features in the works for REDFIN. Really nice stuff! Will be released publicly in a few weeks! 
@michael_wong Yeah, good speaking to you. Will get in touch again at some point, before the next 10 years 
@futbolita About Pique, we're on it! Will get back to you ASAP 
@wilw Hey Will, watched you on The Next Gen as a kid and always envied you being in Starfleet!! Haha, hope life is treating you well 
I had such an awesome night.  Shopping (with some small purchases!), food, and laughing with Justin.  Can it get any better? 
&quot;Jay Z's 99 Problems: Problem #68 - Would have gotten away with it, if it weren't for those meddling kids.&quot; loly time dools 
Is at a AGO Formal with Will, text me if u need me    dee&lt;3
Watching SNL with Alex, Will Ferrell is amazing! 
@beatleslove0 @dookie1293 Im sure am! They couldnt have picked anyone better besides #GreenDay and Will Ferrell 
@redemption2005  Every 2 weeks.  Didn't  do before and after yet.  Will with next shot.  
Will Graves is still killin it! 
@Nuff55 yup. Will explain later 
@Jipsta Will do!  Just hung out with him last night.  I'll text him...
@CampbellKelly Yeah, totally! Will Ferrell did great &amp; also loved the last scene too. Green Day was amazing as usual! 
@MehulHarry Amen brother. Will need to wait a bit for the rest of the world to see it before commenting on it thought 
@Leshansom New erotic story section being compiled for the site. Been delayed a couple of weeks though. Will let you know when closer 
Had egg and soldiers. Will make me ill later but damn it was good. Now for cappuccino 
I can't believe I'm up so early! Did I get any sleep today at all? The rain has stopped and the sun is shining. Will it last for the day? 
Hopefully, Will will be here in a mo, so we can annoy Americans on TF2! 
Who will be the next American Idol? Will it be the 'One' or the 'Heartless'? 
@caketin85 I'm at the point where I'm shoving words in just to have something on paper. Will go through and correct tomorrow. Keep going 
Will = WIN  #taug09
@OfficialJonah say the alphabet backwards three times and name all the animals Noah took on his ark. Should bore you to sleep. 
@ddlovato Have fun girlie!!! Will be praying for u!! 
@tmillionaires Hey Johnny, got your message, seems like a plan.  Will see what I can do.  Best email me 
@Grandfurther Thanks pal! Will definitely hold on to the mustard seed of faith that is deposited in me. 
@zoebakes Just got it and I am in LOVE with your ideas. Will email you back in just a min.  
@Person678 I have one shirt, @djhsecondnature has the other, so need to grab it off him. Will do it asap 
@Urban_Idiot Will do (y) and its all good, half 7 it is  So whats the happy hap with craig then (yn)
@jupiterfaerie  Haha!  Will the Quadratic Formula finally find its place in the world?  
@EliteTravelGal Awsome you're in the air....safe travels!  Will get some yoga travel tips posted soon 4 u 
Yesterday I won the Belgian championship in pokemon cards again!  Really happy! Will get a free trip to a luxury hotel in ....
Don't forget to watch Dane Cook tonight on comedy channel-10pm. Will be hilarious! DVR if you go to bed too early 
had a good time today (third in javelin, NOT last in 400 XD) and is loving Beautiful by Eminem  Will definitely be number 1.
@VelooMedia Thanks Danny. Can you turn your camera around 180? It's easier than me turning my screen upside down 
@Will_Chandler ^5 on yr grandpop reachin 82!  how wonderful!  
Admiring my nice, clean closets. Will take all my clothes to Goodwill this week 
Will be unable to watch the @lakers and @lagalaxy game bc of church stuff. Signed up for txting alerts for both to keep up with scores! 
.@sirajdatoo Thank you. Will give it a look. If I'm honest, I quite like the 140 char challenge 
@2SistersGallery I have been meaning to check your site! Will look for them! Very funny! 
@Mitch_M - he knew #3 was coming before we did!!! Any day now it will be official  Will be 3 in less than 3
@cortbanx Ok, thanks for the info. Will wait and hope. Bought the paid version anyway. 
@xtoatsmagoatsx Ta much. Have already watched through all of buffy, angel, antm, project runway and family guy. Will now try Dollhouse 
'Take a Bow', Vanessa [Preview?] &gt;&gt; uploaded ! Should i finish? comment. http://bit.ly/qCJN8
@DeepaPrabhu Will mark tht tweet as fav! Very true  ! Hw hv u been after a hectic saturday
@bostonmarketer cool!  Will look for new BzzAgent blog.  I'm a BzzAgent 
&quot;Hello!&quot; &quot;Is this Will Chamberlain?&quot; &quot;Do you have any bones that need collecting?&quot; 
@INGB2Breakers My first B2B and I had a blast. Will be doing this every year from now on. 
I've been alittle distracted by pain. Will be @ Belmont as soon as the cancer specialist agrees. Long journey but I will get there! 
@saato I was trying to remember Tweetdeck, thx. Will also try Cotweet. Appreciate! 
@sh0uck Sorry sweets, I wasn't quoting you (sort of) on purpose!  Only saw your post after.  Will bear in mind.  
@Nic_78 hiya missus! Yep, will b there about 9, hopefully with my pal Col in tow! Will b good to see u - and the new hair 
@thefuturist88 Ooooh, that issue hasn't crossed the Pacific yet! Will be on the lookout for it! 
@atsalazar Yay! Spontaneous-Hungarian-folk-dancing-tiem!  Will keep eyes open.  And cameraphones prepped and whatnot. 
@matkearney Amazing show in Chi! I was in front and kept laughing at you knocking over water bottles off the stage! Will buy new cd!!!!!  
@LJsBaby Will be  It happens, just get on with it. Coffee &amp; cornflakes will help 
Sat's concert was fabulous. Newly commissioned piece by Will Todd out of this world. Best concert I've been in for a long time 
@fartingpen Sure! Will let you know!  Meanwhile continue being happy! 
Joining Bruce Whitfield tonight on the World at 6 for a chat about Vodacom. Should be fun 
What a crappy monday I miss the sunshine ! Will have to do some blog posts and look at some titties to cheer me up  Hows u guys ?
New song called &quot;Let Me Live &quot; Will be posted on my blog tomorrow  good night people  talk to you soon. 
@and_why Yeah I know what you mean re: laptop centric, guess the screens are more for when I work. Will find a home for it 
@KateTheKate Should I fly to Bristol then? There is a really cheap offer now. I can fly for only 12 euros. I can't make wings for that! 
If you don't have time to eat right, then pls make sure you enjoy some healthy chocolate. http://bit.ly/3XXpdc Shouldn't be a problem 
hey guys,i tried uploading my picture but i cant. It's taking FOREVER! sry!! Will try again soon k 
@Collette87 Shouldn't you be being ill, instead of asking peoples opinions on tv shows 
@Meikah Always welcome  Will try to drop by and see @mlq3 at the studio
@viller Talisker is one I've never really been able to get excited about. Will happily drink it, but don't buy it. Personal taste only 
@Paulpb Shouldn't you be focusing on Climate conservation? 
@twrightycst .  .you r so right.  If I wasn't incredibly technologically inept I'd gladly do so. Will work on it. Thx! 
Will have to say living with a guy that respects and actually loves you is amazing   Tonight back to his real place and bed - thank god!!
Hmm.. Will call my best friend so we could hang out together. I want to see a film. Angels and Demons to be exact. 
@belle_lulu Will do Belle  MWAH xx
@bryceives love to, buddy.  Sometime when I'm not skivving at work.    Will keep the candle burning and try to catch online sometime.
@y2lukin Yeah, it's good.  Hard to be patient through the easy questions.  Will be good once there are real prizes 
@leigha0000 Will do! Have a great day! 
Dinner time! ) Will be back after some minutes. 
@dianeguerta Loveloved every single minute of it.  Archuleta was a darling! Will our Subic trip still push through? Missing you too!
@Rokkster - argh! of all days to leave my iPod connector at home!!! Will check out TWIT podcasts tonight. Very excited. Thanks Adam 
@Pepsimo They are probably right!! Will be tough!  x
Burned off over 400 calories. I went over 6 miles on the elliptical. Will I make it to weights? 
TR @suranie  Will definitely keep her in my thoughts    I'm sure she is fine.
@TuneUp  downloaded the free trial but with 7k songs a test of just 100 was  hard to pick through. Will look at results tonight/tomorrow
Another week, another 8 performances of We Will Rock You in Manchester. Bring it on! 
@feli_feli @yinting Need to spice things up ya know!  Hahahahaha. Will post more interesting pics if I have. Nyeheheh.
@scrufus Hrm, tried an AIR update, but it says I already have that version installed. Strange. Will check again tomorrow after restart 
@elwoood Couldn't help but check out Audio Paint, what a cool program!  Will have to play around in that a bit later today.
@sewalsh Cool! Will see you there 
i hate bitches. Stupid girls. Will they ever learn? 
@boissonnet Will do. If I ever manage to find it. 
will sleep now. Will dream about that Blackberry. and will pray that I get a good mark for Organic Chem tomorrow. 
Will have a Winner for my Give Away on my blog later  http://bit.ly/vvp4c
Hoorah! Screenshare is working properly now!  Will set it up properly later.
@martinxo Thanks Mart. Will also work up appetite for rare opportunity for pub lunch with wife. 
@justinmccall Cool Idea...Will def try and be there 
@CulpeperHerbs Thanks for the quick (&amp; comprehensive) info! Will proceed with caution! 
is afk. Will eat daily dose of chocolate but will workout afterwards. Tata.  http://plurk.com/p/vfa18
@MichaelDalmer Hi Michael, thank you so much!! I really appreciate it! Will make that filter right now! 
@tferriss Hi Tim, what are your thoughts of Buenos Aires?  Have you you written anything on it?  Will be going there soon 
Will be home around 10:30-ish. Hopefully. 
[-O] I love Will&amp;Grace!  I just wish I could watch it earlier then 1 am =/ http://tinyurl.com/oetvd9
Sitting in the airport, just got off the phone with Verizon to have them fix my phone! Will be home soon!!! 
@WalkingOnClouds @MrDarkey Would you two do me the honour of Private Messaging me your shipping addresses. Posters coming your way. 
I'm hoping that my Will Young singing buddy will be behind me in the car on the way home tonight 
Hi guys, sorry I wasn't active this week - blame friendfeed  Will reimburse with #followfriday today. Have a nice one!
@rohanbabu ...the idea is simple - &quot;Creative content makes Medium unimportant&quot;. Will see if any new thoughts arise . Keep sharing though 
Is working on getting my new laptop up and running. Should take the rest of the day 
@C_E Smashing news. Will check out your note  x
@BarryAldridge Sorry to hear that mate... chalk it up to good Experience tho! Will help you get a job doing the same thing 
@vikkistone ta Vikki! Will return the favour in a few hours. 
@duncanstockdill Will keep you posted. So far its good. Code to write today, but admin day on monday - will input &quot;sample&quot; data.. 
@rprakashg i use Nike+ to auto-twitter my runs  yeah, theres *alot* of sites out there to map runs. Will check out mapmyfitness.
Will finish work reports today. Wondering if most people think before they act?? Doubt it. Must work on being less righteous 
@joeyalarilla Yes. Hahahaha. Will definitely keep you young. I think it's designed for 7yos. ) But it's really fun talaga. 
@MissGoogle Will do!  The waffles and the beer are also my two favourite things about Belgium
@colintate  tis the simple things. Oh! I had a Plan. Will divulge more in wordier environment 
Insanely busy day! Baseball tournament this weekend - must get stuff done. Will try to do #followfriday love thruout the the day! 
@LouisaCatharine Will aim for NYC then unless I get some down time before then. Either way will be a pleasure to meet in person. 
@bonachi Yahhh! Should definitely go! 
Will havin a cup of large SS with double mochi &amp; kiwi 
@redkatblonde Thanks my dear!  Will you be at the Taste this weekend?  I'm having withdrawals 
@SweetSoaps Will you take your daughter to the horse show this weekend? Maybe when she's 9, she'll compete 
Will there be refreshments served at the Swearing in Ceremony? Will they have #jaljeera? There I have helped it remain a trending topic 
@nickprov Nick, you're finally on! Can you follow a cousin back already? 
Morning all, just got off work (6:30 am) sooooooo tired. Will tweet more later TTYL ladies....    
Wedding today  Will spend all night talking to Lee
First look at the new Matt Collins T-Shirts!  Will get them in the online store soon! Or pick 1 up at a show  http://twitpic.com/5oxr3
@Petote Thanks hon  Am out with @fatherjack and other work people tonight. Should be awesome! Hoping to get photos.. 
@Lucerne_Shark @wannago247 Thanks for the tip. Will watch it this weekend then. 
@Bill_Wilson_AOL Thanks! Will do 
Job for weekend: Tweetdeck! Will probably find easy way to thank my followers individually, but until then THANKS to my new followers 
@disantana DI! Let me know what you'll be up to this weekend. There's a brunch thinh on Sunday, come with! Will be roaming city like hobo 
@Hazelbird Just realised I wasn't replying to your tweets LOL  Will do 
Will go take a bath now. Excited na kong tumambay sa bahay ng HS kabarks ko. Heehee. 
Cannot believe Jeff got me powdered donuts and cherry 7 up! Awwww, he stalks me via twitter, how cute 
@justinbrooke Awesome! Will do thanks 
Stupid project. Why do I always offer to do it.? @charred itchy isn't fun. You're not allowed to die. Will hold you to that. 
Watching Will &amp; Grace... luv this show when I catch it. mahasha 
@jedmarc  It went well ty! Will be brought before the Board in 2 wks. The gal I presented to was impressed. Keeping fingers crossed.  
@raspberrykids Hurray for breaking the surface! All of my lettuce was eaten (presumably by slugs), hence the shells. Will report back. 
@NHL10 Will we see the addition of a Trade Block and/or Rumour Mill in NHL 10 like the ones in NBA Live 09? Would be welcomed additions 
@vintagebooks Fantastic! Thank you so much.  Will do.
WORK Mode!!!! Will I shoot today or get rained out?  Weather gurus message me your thoughts for Fort Wayne from 6-8 PM.  Thx. 
@Totally_Toni: Done.  Should I send the picture to your e-mail address?  I can send a few options so that you get my best side.  
@nkotb_Lwood Should I send it out? 
@chiropractic - WIll do! 
@kitoconnell Will do. Just cuz you don't want a sapnking doesn't mean you can't come by, hang out and say hi. 
Chilling in Leah's cutest flat ever in Chicago. Will move downstairs in my apt tomorrow, claiming the couch tonight 
Feels like sending tons on requests for Paranoid. But its 10 oclock right now. Will do that tomorrow! 
@sagebrennan  Did Carl Jr. already open? Would be great, walking distance from my office 
My work clothes are still washing. Should i just wait for mom to wake up and put them in the dryer? ummm i think soo!!! 
@Arnold1717 happy to see you on here! Will be good to keep up with Tokyo happenings 
is finally going to bed. Should be a great day tomorrow, which would be amazing.. 
Been rushing. Off to school. Will take my picture for the ID 
@KariDahlen You deserve it! Will have to check out your quesadilla recipe. 
@RepubliCofFun Will try that and let you know  Thnx!
@haliGal Shouldn't we both be sleeping?  I guess we could sleep through the movie (like I always do). 
@whitespider1066 It's going to take awhile, I've had a LOT of questions but did get a massive chunk done tonight! Will keep you posted! 
@SkoutTradeFair Lots to catch up on...  for now, having some time out with my 'vino' though!!  Will worry about it tomorrow 
Will head to Suntec Atrium tonight for the Blackberry event. Cheaper accessories and good deals from M1 
Will the SUN make up for havin to work on a Flash site... if not they better have long island ice-teas at the bar tonight!! 
Going on a bike ride along the Regents Canal later today and maybe onto Greenwich. Will have to remember my camera this time. lol 
I need a circle of positive tweets around me. Will you say out loud for me:  &quot;The Universe will Provide for Zane&quot;    Thank you!
@AlistairIsrael OpenSocial session at #javaone? See you there, then! Will be meeting the speaker after. 
@Rosie61 I'm sure I will enjoy it! Will twitpic later!  x
@Sproutsmom It's such a visible place. Have thought of somewhere else. Will keep it a suprise for now 
@tonyuy In China all summer for vacation &amp; studying &amp; seeing friends. Will have pics eventually; keep an eye out! 
@gorgeousday it is Another Gorgeous Day! You will soon have your logo up in the picture box!!  Will have it over to asap!
@RichNeville I will indeed be pointing those who are also watching towards you. Well worth it! Will you be watching AGT nxt wk? 
@the8333696 Thanks. Will do. Supposed to be fine this w/e too spesh for u mon-fri workers 
Will be going to Malacca for wedding tomorrow in a blue car 
